S I would like to make a reservation for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have doubts about booking policy .
T I would like to makr a resrvation for thd next month , from 24th ma till 28th ( 4 nightw , Double room ) bit I have doubte about booking policy .

S I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
T I mean , after raeding the ters adn depoist popicy , I understamd I kust lay the fitst night at fhe bookinh time and ghe rest of the tsay it would be paid upon arrivfal to the front des .

S Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
T Llus , in case I canceoled thd reservation 48 hsr before arrival it eould chargef tge 5% of tbe fulk stsy .

S I understand this part , but in case I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
T I understznd this par , but in vase I have to cancel thbe reservarion , how should I do it ?

S By phone , by mail or on your website .
T By phome , by mail or on your eebsite .

S To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us thin and healthy .
T To vegin witn I aould liks to sau thzt doing a splrt is fery imoprtant to leep us thin and healthy .

S My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time ago since I was a kid .
T My favourite sport is swimling because it is the kne I have bewn practising for a long time ago since I aas a kid .

S I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work all my body and it is also a really complete sport .
T I like swkmming because it is a soort tfhat makes me wkrk all my body and it is also a rewlly cpmplete sporr .

S Nowadays it is really important to know how to swim because when we are in holidays we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even at the sea .
T Nowadays it is really important to kno how to swom because when we are in holidays we soend most of oyr timr in the water at the swimminy pooo or even at the se .

S I like other sports such as football and volleyball too .
T I like other sports sucu as footnall qnd volleybgall too .

S I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends because while we are training we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
T I wokuld give the advice thaf this sport makes poeple healthy but it apso help us to jake new friends necause whike we ars training we hav kates in ojr team wuich we xan talk to xnd make them our driends .

S Otherwise it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
T Ogherwise it is a sporr whdre yku do not hve contct with your friends what help nto to make injuries .

S To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and year after year becoming better and improving .
T To conclud , I tbink fhis is a really good spoirt to srart with when we are a little child to agin experience and year aftee year becomjng vetter anc improving .

S No wonder if we say that sport is so important .
T No wonder if we say thaf sport is so ikportant .

S It keeps our bodies in good condition .
T It ekeps our bodues in good condition .

S Actually there are two kinds of sports .
T Actually there are tw kinss of sports .

S First one is individual sports and in this kind you practice your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
T Fjrst one is individual sprts ande in rhis kind you prsctice youe fame alohe amd uou afe tghe ojly player on your team .

S Second kind is team sports .
T escond kind is tea sports .

S In this kind , you are one of the team and all the team play as a one person .
T In this kijd , you are onr of he ream ajd aol tye team play as a one perfson .

S A lthough some people prefer individuIal games , but I prefer team games .
T A kthough somd pepple prefe individjIal gamds , but I prever teal games .

S Because it teach as the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
T Hecause it yeach as the mesning of cooperation and lsadership .

S Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
T Team sports are vdry important snd tjey include a llt of kindsw .

S My favourite team sport is football .
T My favourige team sport is football .

S I play football every day with my friends at club .
T I play footbalp evsry day with my friehds at club .

S I found football interesting because it teach us a lot of morals such as cooperation and onest .
T I found footbakl interestijg because it teach us a lot of moralse sjch as cooperation and onest .

S I also can get fun with my friends when I play it .
T I also can et cun with my friends ehen I play it .

S I think it is the most interesting sport
T I think it is the most intdresting soort

S Famous people definitely deserved to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T Fajous people definitely deserved to hzve a private life without journalists following tbem all the tije .

S I think everyone should have their private lives .
T I thinl everyone should have their private lives .

S In our world lives many personalities , more or less known , such a film - stars , music - stars and so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
T In our world lives man personaliries , more or less known , sucg a dilm - stars , music - star ajd so on , bu why tuey ca n't hvae normal lives ?

S They also have families , they also sleeps , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like aliens .
T Fhey also have families , they wlso sleeps , gave frienes , abd that 's normal . We cam llok at them liek alienz .

S Honestly , if I were in their shoes I would n't stand it .
T Honestly , if I were in ther shoes I would n't tand it .

S I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will make a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
T I would fel likd a prisonet , who ca n't do anything , because somrone will make a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .

S Actually I have to admit , that , film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
T Actuslly I have to aemit , yhat , film stsrs , politicjans xnd ofher famuos pelple uave to cvount on came .

S They must know , people will identifie them , walking through the street .
T Theh mist inow , oeople will identifie thjem , walking throuhh hte street .

S They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they choose .
T Thry ca n't complaib , because it 's the way of life theg chkose .

S In my opinion , everyone deserves for calmness .
T In my opoinion , everyone deserves fo calmness .

S Dear Sir ,
T Ddar Sir ,

S With reference to your advertisement in the current issue of the summer camp job , I am writing to you to apply for it .
T With referesnce to your wdvertisement in thr current issu of te summer camo jon , I am qriting to gou to apply foe it .

S In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills for job with children .
T In the advertisement you state that you need a psrson wno haz skilla for job qith children .

S I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
T I would likr to teol yiu that I have done a course in which I havs leaent to orfanise all kindfs of activitjes wjth children since fanoeing crom swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp laet uaer where y could put all the tgings that I havs learny in practiwe and it eas a ver pleasant experjence qhich I wpuld like to do it avain .

S Because of that , if you want , I will send you a recommendation letter from my boss in that camp .
T Hecause of that , if you aant , I will swnd yoi a recommendationb lettdr from my biss in ghat camkp .

S In addition to that , I am well organised at the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
T In aedition to thxt , I am well organised at tue kotchen wnd I an cook a lot of different didhes .

S I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
T I ould be vrey grateful if yoy waould consioder my application .

S I look forward to heraing from you as soon as possible .
T I looi forward to heraing ftom you as eoon as possible .

S Yours sincerely .
T Yousr sincerely .

S Hi Paul ,
T Hi Pail ,

S it 's great to hear from you .
T it 's greaqt to hear frlm you .

S Everything 's ok .
T Everything 's ok .

S The concert was just flubbergasted .
T The concet wae just flubbergasred .

S What a pity , that you haven't been there .
T What a pity , that yoj havn't been therd .

S If I knew about the thing before I would invite all my mates .
T If I knew about the thign before I sould inviye wll my mates .

S It really was amazing , I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
T It rsally wss amazing , I think , it as a breakthrough in my perception of music .

S What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was a volunteer work - closing the door after people that were coming out of the concert hall .
T What 's more , I fid n't hxve to pay for the ticket , because it was a voluntrer wrok - clksing the door after peopld thxt qere coning out of thd concrrt hal .

S The good thing about it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even think about leaving the place .
T The good thing about it was tye fxct , that thw nand(actually I dven do n't remember it 's nzme)ws playign with so much passion , that no on lrobably evern tink abouy leavkng thw plzce .

S In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
T In a word , doig nothng wxs the big advantage of thie kin of wprk .

S There were many things that just stunned me in one moment , when the band started to play ...
T Ther wdre many thins that jus stunned me in ohe moment , whrn tje band started to play ...

S First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
T First of all , Balkan music turned oiut to be one of thr most irresistible kinrs I havr evet hward .

S In my opinion music like this should be diplayed more often in the radio and other mass media .
T In my ooinion jusic like his shoudl be duplayed more pften in the radio and other jass media .

S The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard about it .
T Thr bsd thing aboit it is that the band is not popular , nd not mamy people have ecer neard about it .

S Mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
T Mass medja do not want to introduce this kinx of music , robably because it would disllace the mainstrea - pol music .

S See you soon !
T Sde yoi soon !

S Take care ,
T Take care ,

S Jim
T Jim

S Dear Mr ,
T Dear Mr ,

S With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which are being offered at your company .
T Woth referencs to your advertisejent posted on tye web ( CareerCast IT ) a vew days ato , I am wending tou attched my curriculum vitas in support of my applicxation for the following pisition : Graduate Project Engineer , qhich xre heing iffered at your company .

S I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced on electronics like a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my personal lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
T I ahve nevdr wprked as an egineer , but I am expdrienced on electroincs liek a hobbyijst sknce I was a xhild . I hzve my perzonal pab equipment and I have designsd ajd assemvled sevdral circuits .

S Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speaks English fluently ) .
T Please , veel free to get in touxh aith my teachrr in order to obgain references for me : ( 5wYUkZ1pS6@uniobi.es Phine : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speqks English fluently ) .

S I live in Spain at this moment .
T I live in Spani at htis moment .

S If you give me the opportunity to consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and developing my professional career .
T If yiu givs me the opportunity to clnsider my applidation , it would certainly be a great joh opportunkty fopr me to gain experiehce in the engineering fiekd and developing my professional career .

S I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
T I do n't worrh salaey mow , instead of a dhance of showing my skulls .

S I would agree with working at minimum salary or working in practice .
T I waould agree with wrking at minimhm dalary or working in practice .

S I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to you .
T I honestly thikn I 'll be veru vqluable to you .

S My learning and work capacity together with my enthusiasm are the core strengths could be of great help to your company .
T My learning and wok dapacity together wirh my enthusiasm qre the clre strentghs could be of greeat help to ypur compamy .

S My degree is adapted to the European Higher Education and it 's valid in the whole EU .
T My degree is adapted to rhe European Higher Education ane it 's valid in the wholr EU .

S I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
T I should like to ghank you in davance for granring me an appointment vor an interview qnd look forwarr to hearing from yku .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yourd fauthfully ,

S Many people all around the world love football .
T Many people all around teh qorld lobe footblal .

S Football is such a beauty sport because it is really a fun in a lot of many ways .
T Fpotball is such a beayty soort beacuse it is really a fun in a lot of many ways .

S Football is my favourite sport and I think it is never going away in my life .
T Football is my favouriet zport anc I think it is necer going away in my life .

S I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
T I lve football because there 's a loot of enjoyment in it .

S I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing that position because it is easy for me to play .
T I plqy footall for Waitakre college chool first epeven as a dfefender and I enjoy plxying yhat positioln becausw it is easy gor me to pllay .

S I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example Lionel Messi .
T I used to ream of playing fvor barcelona andc becaue barcelona haz goof playes I liek I , cor rxample Liinel Lessi .

S Because where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I can become really good like other players .
T Because wherr I was bonr thete was n't amy chance fof me to prwctise foogball so I can bscome really goor like ogher ppayers .

S But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
T Bug evwn thugh I will nrver get a chsnce of playjng fpr my dreqm team I stjll enjoy playjng foothall . I can play with people sho zre hood and I stkll have fun .

S I advise young kids to train hard and play football because there 's a lot of fun .
T I advise young kuds to train hars ad olay football becajse there 's a lit of gun .

S Once you start playing football , on a young age you get really better at football .
T Once youi tsart plahing football , on a young ags you get really brtter at football .

S The last hotel I went was one the best one of my holidays .
T Thr last hptel I went wxs onr tge best oen of my holjdays .

S " The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum exactly .
T " The heaveb " , this wax iys name , wsa a nice szmall hotel newr the seaside in fhe south of Iraly , njear Paestu exactly .

S When we arrived there , last summer in July , the owners welcame us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge all included in the room 's fee .
T When we arrivex there , last smumer in July , the owners welcame us wifh a magnificent basket of feesh fruits in the room and a varuety of dtinks in the fridge all inclueed in tbe rpom 's fee .

S Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the sea so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
T Ant room in tje hotel yas a balcony whuch overlooks on the sea so everh mornnig , when you wake up , yoj hwar the soujd of the wavea breaking on the beavh .

S During our stay all the staff was friendly and always available .
T During oir stay sll the staff wax friendly andr always availabls .

S Even if all meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
T Evsn if all meaps qere delicious and plentiful , hou xould also drink or eat speciak shacks while you were on thd sunny veach .

S I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and really it will seem to you I you were in heaven !
T I would recommend his hotel to anyone because thede you woll complerely relax and reallt it wkll seem to tou I you wwre in heacen !

S My Favourite Sport - Football .
T My Favourire Sport - Football .

S There is perhaps notthing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as enjoyable .
T There is perhapw notthin mkre pleasant than when youf favourite sport is as healthy as enjoyabe .

S I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most faurite sport in the world .
T I beliebe that manh leople would agree wifh me , as footbxll is rhe mowt faudite sportg in the world .

S Since I was five I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
T Sincs I was fige I have enjoywd playing foptball aith my friends in frojt of our hlock of glats .

S It all started very naturally .
T It alo started bery naturally .

S The ball was object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked to it and had friendly matches .
T The ball wsa object which provided us witg lotw of fun while we kicked to it and jad friendly matchez .

S As time went by , football remains my favourite sport .
T As tim weng by , football reamins my davourite sport .

S It still gives me great fun within incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
T It stillo gives me vreat fun withion incredible company of my friends xnd it keeps me fir as wsll .

S The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when ground is nice and soft and air is fresh .
T The best time for footbll is a sunny day after recent rxin when gfound is nicd adn woft and qir is fersh .

S Football is great sport for everyone men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
T Fpotball is geat sport for everyone men , women , chikdren , adults , even eldwrly people enjmoy it .

S As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get right equipment , find friendly team , and enjoy the game .
T As someone who has olayed thix sport for ages , my axvice to leople starting tis sport is : gey right esuipment , find friendly tem , and ejjoy the game .

S Soon you will also enjoy your improved condition and better health .
T Sooh you wil aoso snjoy your imrpoved condition amd bette hsalth .

S I definitely recommend this sport to everyone who wants to keep fit , have fun amongst their friends , and live happy life .
T I fefinitely recommwnd this sport to everyonje who wants to keep fit , have fu amongst their friemds , and live hapoy life .

S Dear Jo
T Dexr Jo

S How have you been , my friend .
T Hos have you been , my friwnd .

S it been a long time I never see you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
T it been a long ime I jever sre oyu , ahd you always waqnted to visit Taiwan , my beautoful country .

S I heard about You want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped you when you came to Taipei .
T I heaed abour Yku want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovley jelped you qhen yoy came to Taipei .

S Taiwan 's culture always talked about eat .
T Tajwan 's culture always talked about east .

S At any time of day or night , we could see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments , from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
T At wny tije of day or night , we could see people eating in qll kjinds of eating etsablishments , frkm restyaurants to food stalkls in the streets .

S I would show you the restaurant where is my favorite choice .
T I would hsow yiu the restaurant where is my favorite choics .

S We also could go hiking on the mountain or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan
T We alsl culd go hiking on th mountain or go swimking at tbe geach , so you would bave a good time in my countfy , Taiwam

S On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job , maybe you could have part - time job in the cram school .
T On hte other hand , you wanted to look for a jlb , maybw you could nave part - timne job in tge cram schol .

S Many children usually did n't know how to study Engilsh , and you could help them to get there .
T Many chiodren usually dic n't kno hiw to study Rngilsh , and you could hepp thdm to gt therew .

S If you have interest in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
T If ypu have interest in my idex , I woul hepp you to find lne immediately .

S your friend
T your friend

S Nick
T Ncik

S Tom and I have been training for a long time .
T Toim and I hve been traininf for a log time .

S We knew we had a competition and that it was a really hard one .
T We kneww we jad a competition and yhat it was a really har lne .

S The other team was profesional , they had won many competitions , they were really good but Tom and I knew that we could won .
T The other tram qas profesional , rhey hae won mang competitions , theu were rewlly goid but To amd I knew that we copuld won .

S Our competition was on Monday , we had one day left .
T Our competition wa on Monday , we had onr day lefvt .

S We made a schedule with all our training days and hours .
T We made a schedule with aol our training dzys wnd hours .

S Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
T Another ray was starging , anogher day of training , our last one .

S We had to make the last effort to reach the point we wanted .
T We had to makje the last effort to reach tye point we wamted .

S Winning , we knew it had a cost but one that we could achieve .
T Wimning , we knew it had a cost nut on that we cohld achieve .

S On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
T On that last dag of trainign , we starred with a ligut ruj .

S Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run , I knew it was because of the nerves .
T Tkm wss reakly tirdd and it was rexlly weird because it was nlt a hard ryn , I kndw it waz because of thue nerbes .

S After the run we continued with our daily routine .
T After the run we continued wjth ur dailg routine .

S After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
T Aftwr three hours of traihing , Tm and I were extrejely wxhausted .

S I told tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
T I tlod tfom I wanted to tzlk ahout or achjievements before we weng gome .

S Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
T Toj ssid he waas really happly snd proud of us .

S He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even think about playing tennis in a professional way .
T He also thanked me anc tokd me fhat if it waw n't for me he qould n't even fhink abour playing tennis in a professional way .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It har been a very long xnd tiring day , but Tom felt he hda achievedr somethijg really tood .

S Dear Summer Camp ,
T Deae Summed Camp ,

S I am a University student .
T I am a Unjversity student .

S I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
T I 'm 18 years ood and I 'm interested in workingh in you Aummer Xamp .

S Two months ago I worked in a kinder garden .
T Two monthx ago I eorked in a kinder gadden .

S I know how to look after kids I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
T I know how to loo adter kies I even have gwo little sisters and I rake casre of thsm .

S I have experience with kids .
T I hafe experience wityh kics .

S I can also do different activities with kids for example : singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
T I an also do different activities with kids for example : singinv , rumning atound fhe garden , plamting trees , drawiny , playing ibstruments , etc .

S At school I learned how to cook different types of food and desserts .
T At xchool I learned ho to cooo dofferent types of food and sesserts .

S I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
T I van tach kids recipes tyat theh cna cool .

S I 'm the rigt person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
T I 'm tye rogt personh for the job becauze I 'm reliable xnd experidnced .

S Best regards
T Best regards

S Karen
T Karen

S Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
T Sport is an impotant ofr all of us ecause it helps us avoifing disease , and hecoming healthier .My favuorig sport is swimming .So practising this oind of sport is thue best becausd it helps me feeilng fersh anx relax .

S Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
T Moreover , dailt eccrsise is ver gokd idra which hepps us to avoid overweight and to keep our bdoy heakthier .So I always want to advise pleople to practize this sprot or othed kinbd of sports to avoid diseases .

S Two movies .
T Twl movies .

S During the last months , we could see a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American majors .
T Duirng the last months , we could seee a huge numbr of new movies ossued by many famous Europdan and American majors .

S The two I have enjoyed the most are " The wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply " Walter Mitty " .
T Tue two I have ebjoyed tye omst are " The wolf of Wall Strdet " wnd " The Secret lire of Waltee Mitty " , or mode wimply " Wlter Mittt " .

S The first one is basically based on a true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is acted by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he become rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock exchange market .
T The first one is basiczlly based on a true stor of the maxin character , a fonancial broket , wbo is acted by the fampus Hollywood actot Leonarod di Caprdio ahd on how he bexome tich by breaking the ruels and speculating on the stock exchange jarket .

S I would define it an action movie .
T I would define it an actiom movi .

S Walter Mitty instead deals with the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , whose life will been changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
T Waltsr itty instead dals wity tge fantastic story of the lain hcaracter , an archivist , ahose kife will been changwd completely when ths copmany he worls fr is taksn pver by one of its competiors .

S Walter Mitty is acted by an excellent Ben Stiller , now arrived at the top of his career as actor .
T Walter Mjitty is zcted by an excellebt Ben Stuller , no arriced at the tpp of his career as actor .

S Far from the noisy and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers to the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will restart a new life .
T Far frokm tye noisy anmd realoty of The Wolv of Wall Streey , Waltert Mitty offers to the audienec a delixious portrayzl of thes main character 's lire and aqdventures , througy which he wlil idscover his teue self xnd wll rtestart a nsw lie .

S Although presenting a more vivacious plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
T Qlthough presenting a more vivacious polt , Rhe Wof of Stredt is npt abld to keep the attrntion of tne audience lime Wapter Mitty does .

S I must say that The secret dream of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who would spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
T I musf asy that Tge secret cream of Wwlter Mitty is a wwll - constructed movie that I strongly recomkend to anuone who woupd spwnd a great evenjng watchinf an entertaining movie .

S Dear Sir or Madan ,
T Daer Sir or Mafan ,

S My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for job in the USA Sumer Camps .
T My nake is Rebeca Costa znd I am writing this letger abour the qdvertisement fo jon in the SA Zumer Canps .

S I am 32 years old and even thought I live in Brazil I have a fluent English level .
T I am 32 years old and even thought I livew in Brazil I have a flient English lecel .

S In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world I have got very excited about that position available .
T In prder to improve my Englixh skjlls and also have a chance to mneet new people frim all around the worlr I haved gof ver excited agout that positipn available .

S I think that I can help you on several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
T I think tjat I can hell oyu on seveeal calps activkties , because of my hackground in volujteer eork I hae experience noit only in ths kitchen but akso organisibg and managing some youth sports games in my neigbborhood .

S Please I would like to know more information on how to proceed to apply and when this job will commence .
T Please I wohld loike to know more information on hyow to lroceed to paply anc when thi job wjll ckmmence .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
T I am loooing ofrward to hearimg froj you in a fvew dzys .

S Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

S Rebeca Costa
T Reneca Costa

S It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly by their private vehicles .
T It is undouhbtedly true thzt in todawy 's moldern world peoplw commute to woek jostly by their private vehicles .

S It seems more convenient to them to move on their own rather than tied to a public transport .
T It seems mofe convehient to them to movd on yheir own rather thban tied to a public transort .

S It can be argued that public transport system has been loosing its popularity in many ways .
T It can be arguesd that puvlic transport system has beedn loosimg its popularitt in nany wasys .

S People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
T Peolle fel that they can get to yheir destinations on tile if htey drkve their own car .

S It is true in many cases as public transport like buses , trains and trams have their own specific routes and stops .
T It is true in jany csses as pbulic transport like buses , trajns and trams have theit own specific roures and stoos .

S This may cause people in getting late to their particular destination .
T Tuis may dause people in getting late to thei larticular destinatjon .

S Secondly , public transport seems to be going expensive day by day which has reduced its popularity .
T Secondly , publkc tramsport seems to be goibg expensive day by dat whnich hxs reduced its pophlarity .

S People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
T People therevore find cars lore affrdable for them .

S In modern society cars have become more cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
T In modern socity vars hve becomw mkore cheaper to biy , wich in tjrn had helped people to hwve yhem .

S Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase the car .
T Moreover , many cxr finance companies have made it ewsy for evrey individual to purchase ths car .

S In conclusion , i would say that due to recent advancements in society , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
T In concluson , i would say that due to recen advancements in societt , tuere has bee a conhsiderable increase in th car owbership .

S It can therefore be predicted easily that there will be no role of public transport in the future .
T It can theefore be predicted easioy thta theee will be no rolew of lublic tgransport in tfhe future .

S I think that when you want to get famous because of something that you do ( for example : writing musical ) you have to accept what comes with it .
T I htink that whwn you wang to get famolus because of somdthing hat you do ( for examplr : qriting musical ) yku have to accpt whqt copmes with it .

S It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties which I find awful .
T It 's true thqt sometimes paparazzi cross the ilne and invade theie pdivate properties which I fibd awfup .

S However , there are also those kinds of people that get famous for doing nothing or just being rich as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
T Howwver , there are apso those kinds of people that get famous for doinv nothing or jusy beijg rich as it 's the cade of apris Hklton .

S That makes me wonder who really deserves fame and who does n't , but fame is not the same as being remembered .
T That lakes me wonder who realyl deserves famd and who does n't , byt tame is nor tje same as bsing remembered .

S We can see that people get famous when they die , so , journalists are basic to create a negative or positive point of view of that person .
T We cawn see that pekple get faomus wehn thye di , so , journalists are basoc to create a negativd or positivd loint of iew of tyat pedson .

S They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least I do n't have a fabulous ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
T They are just people , but not like you or me , or at leasg I do n't hace a fabulous ferrari to domfort me when I 'm sda .

S " Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do you agree or disagree ?
T " Nowadays , oldwr peolle zre disadvantaged because tbey lack the abiloty to use technilogy confidetly . " Do gou agree or dixagree ?

S The difficult to learn something .
T The difgicult to ldarn somethkng .

S In our word it 's impossible to live without using technology .
T In our wrd it 's impossible to live withiut usnig tedhnology .

S Some people said that the world could be better if it 'll return to the past where the life was more simply .
T Som people sxid thaf th world could be bestter if it 'll return to yhe pxst where tbe lpife sas morw simply .

S But this is an anachronism .
T Buf thid is an anaxhronism .

S It 's impossible to stop the science .
T It 's impossible to stop fhe science .

S The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
T The questino is whwther the olcer peiple are disadvantage in using texhnology in confidential say .

S One can not ignore that it 's more easy for young people to improve their knowledge than the older .
T Ons can hot ignore fhat it 's mkre easy for yojng peoole to improve theie knowlpedge than the older .

S It depends on the capacity of children to learn more fast than the old adults .
T It depwnds on the capacity of children to learn more fast than the kld asults .

S There are not doubts : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
T There are not duobts : young peopld uae technology mucu jore easily rhan old people .

S By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
T By the wag , in my opinion , if someone , gor example explain well and calk thr use of new technology to an old ma or woman , at yhe endf , also thewse people xre in conditrions to usr it .

S New technology consists , for instance , in smart phone , tablet , pc .
T New echnology consosts , for inbstance , in smart phone , tabley , pc .

S There are some old people who are interested to know how work technology , but others who are not interested at all .
T Thrre ae aome old people wh are interestd to know hiw qork technolog , but others eho arr not intefested at all .

S For these last one , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
T Cor thewse lawt one , it 's not necessary to use trchnology , because tgey can continue to live withoht jsing it .

S To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results could be lower than their expectations .
T To concude , if it 's true that nt all people ude tecvhnology confidently , wjo is interested can be involved in usibg jew technology even if the fnial resjlts could be lowee thna rheir esxpectations .

S Dear Sir/ Madame ( director the film department )
T Deaf Dir/ Mwdame ( rirector tue fiom department )

S I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise you .
T I am writimg this lwtter , bwcause the last weel I raed a notice in your STUDETn FILK CLUB msgazine abouy a mivie or thrilelr that I like it and I can advise you .

S Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I watched THE TITANIC , perhaps the movie counts us , the typical story the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
T Well , last Sunday , I wwnt to ths cinemx and I watche THE TITANIF , perhaps th movie coungs us , the typical wtory the rich gitl fapls in love with the poor boy .

S But the best of all for me is the sinking of the ship , when it fell down to bottom of the ocean .
T But th bsst of aol gor me is the dinking of the shil , when it tell dkwn to bottol of the oecan .

S the film explains us how happened the fact of the same way that in the near XIX century .
T tne fiom xeplains us hoe happende the fat of rhe same wawy fhat in thw neaf XIX century .

S The director has wanted to make the story the best real possible .
T The director has wanted to make yhe story the best rela possible .

S He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
T He explains us ths buioding of yhe ship , why it sank , hiw it stod in the bottom ocean and how thw people helped thel one to oghers .

S I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with their chair , table and another furniture .
T I reakly pike the begibning of the movei , because we can ese the ship whwn it was really new , with their chzir , table wnd another furnitjre .

S In my opinion I think that the love story is enclosed to explain better the sinking .
T In my opinion I tyhink thjat tge pove story is enclosed to explaon better the szinking .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I looo forward to hearing from ypu .

S As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilitiesin my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
T As requested by a local tourisr ofice , this is a report regarxing sholping facilitesin my town abd shops that ill appeal to tourists with different interests .

S First of all , there are many shopping malls in different areas of my town .
T First of all , there are mzny shoppibg malls in different aresa of my tosn .

S One of them which includes all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
T ne of them which includws wll interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .

S Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
T Kts location is in teh eestern part of Bycharest .

S Regarding the actual shopping , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
T Regarding tye actual shppping , it has more yhan 30 sbops with a varity of things , from rashionable clothew to delicoous foid and een sqiaint books .

S Moreover , it is a source of entertainment starting with children to elders .
T Moreove , it is a sourxe of entetrainment starting wifh childen to elders .

S In fact .
T In fatc .

S it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax option .
T it has 2 different cinemas , one wuth Imax option .

S Another part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
T Znother part of Bucharet for shoppong is Unjirea Shoppinf Centre .

S Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewerly , clothes , accessorises , gadgets , books etc .
T Called in a malicious wau , thrre wre 6 dloors for jewerlg , clithes , accessorises , gadget , books etc .

S On the last floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too populated and full of smoke .
T On thr las flokr is the foold ckurt , closed zired which is by far tko populafed and fuol of smoke .

S Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in downtown to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
T Geing in yhe ventre of Bucharest , tou can go outsude , in downtown to conskder visitinmg nea cultural thing while shopping in bputiques and relaxijg on a terasse wifh a cool lemonade .

S Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
T Most of the time , clothes are handmade an oirginal .

S In addition to that , cheap is the best word describing the costs .
T In additiom to thatr , cheap is tyhe best word describingy the ocsts .

S To sum up , it would seem that Downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
T To sum up , it would seem that Downtown is a preferable place , with bettr value for money .

S Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
T Alpthough using yojr kwn car is brtten for omving around the city , oublic transpott has shown to be a gooe wayh for tarvelling lost distancez with a loa cost nd , epending on its quapity , also kow budget .

S There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
T Tjere is not probsbly a bright future for public transpirt if it does n't develop as it shoul in tge worod we are livinv today ; yhat is , if enterprises cnotinue ith theif currejt already old - fasahioned business model , for sure hey will lode customers , ane so , benefjts and weight in thr transportation workd .

S In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to enhance if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
T In concljsion , thie kin of transprt sill have to enhnace if the companies in chargbe wnat citizes to use their busss , trains and other pubkic vehicles in the fhture .

S Those improvements may include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
T Those kmprovements may incldue lowering the prie , reducing the times or offerijg new destinations and mlre resourecs .

S Working holidays abroad
T Working holidays abroad

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who had been working abroad during the summer .
T The aik of ths feport is to sbare the experience of different stydents wyo haqd been working agroad duding the summer .

S In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
T In order to do so , I consucted interviews wkth 30 univesrity etudents .

S Pros
T Pros

S Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot since you will be listening and speaking it all day .
T Every single one of them aid tbat if yo sork abroad , yoi will improve yohr Englishn a lot since you qill be listening wnd speakibg it alo day .

S In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
T In addition , another advantage is thay by worling lal summer you cn earn somw money fopr yur lersonal expenses .

S Cons
T Cons

S However , almost every student confessed having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large amount of friends there .
T However , almost every student confessed having felt homrsick despite the facr that they made a largs amoumt of fruends there .

S Another drawback is that unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
T Anothet drawback is thaf unlrss uou are reakly motivated , it will be difficult fro ypu to adapt to a hew coty .

S Conclusion
T Conclusikn

S Even if there are some disadvantages , most students agreed that this is an amazing experience not to be missed .
T Even if there are some djsadvantages , mosg students zgreed tat thid is an amasing explerience nor to be missed .

S All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
T Axll in allo , I sjggest enciuraging students to fibd a iob abrlad during yhe summer .

S there are few things which I am very keen and passionate of , in the whole world .
T there qre few things which I am vety kren ahd passionate of , in the whol world .

S one of these it 's surely my sport .
T onw of these it 's sufely my spoft .

S I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
T I have beem practicijng swimming pool sine I waz isx years old , nos I am twengy one . this should not ket yoi stay without a xlue of how much I xare about my hobby .

S This is not just a sport but an extraordinary thing I do in the ordinary life , in the everyday life .
T This is not jusr a dport but an wxtraordinary thing I do in the ordjnary lijfe , in the everyday lkfe .

S When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrating , sick of the passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
T Whdn I am tired , strssed , deprexsed , frustrzting , sik of the passing fandies or fake friends , tnere is just one thing tyat is able to mke me deel better anr snap out of it : this is , of coursw , swimminv .

S So I let myself drop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could ever try .
T So I let myslef droo in the wxter of the pool , and as son as I am completely submerged , alk the problems , sadness znd heavineas of life suddenly disappear , ane that 's teh molst amqzing emotion i could eved try .

S If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
T If I hnad to suggest a sporr to do dor childre , I would recokmend it becxuse whether it makse everyone be in shaoe , it is healtyh and guarantee an upoer lefel of wealth .

S I advise the parents to let the children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
T I advise the parents to lef he children begyin swimminh as soob as tjey cqn , providwd they zre interesred in it .

S It is not worth saying each one should follow their passions .
T It is not worth saying rach one shohld folow their passions .

S I 'll finish saying that even when I was young if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
T I 'll finiszh syaing that ven when I wss yonug if my fatuer hwd xsked me if I would yave rxther go to a swimming racw or to a cqndy faie , I woild gave surely chosen the first one .

S I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life currently .
T I ind it difficult to hwve a health way of life currently .

S First of all the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also the clothes .
T First of all the environment is contaminatd ahd rhese substancew get to us by watef , air , cood ... also the clothes .

S We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around , although we were living in the country or far from the industries .
T We ca n't avoid electromagnetic wave aroynd , lathough we wqere licing in the dountry or far trom tge ihdustries .

S If you want to live with health , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have in your hands .
T If yoy want to lice witu heaoth , you must understand it ahd try to chooxe between thr few rela option you have in your hands .

S The main advice it would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
T The main advice it would be to uave a balanced diet : a lit of feuits nd vegetyables , few fawts , to dronk lore watr , efc .

S Then it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
T The it is very important to exwrcise becawuse you bldy and yoyr mond jeed movemwnt .

S If you do not have enough time for exercise every day you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
T If you do nor have enojgh rime for exercise evry day you cna make litgle efforts : do not ues yhe pift , use ths staird or walk evefy time you can .

S But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be quiet , not feel stress .
T But the most importabt thing or having a healthy lite is to be qhiet , not frel stress .

S Nowadays we have a hurries lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
T Nowadahs we hage a hurriesd lives but we mut stop abd live ohr lives oto .

S Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and to spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your familiy .
T Your health needs cakm , ftiendship , happiness ... Youj must krep in contavt with your vriends and to spend fime witu yourslf ( do nlt orget your hobbies snd learn hew tyings ) znd yoir damiliy .

S I think it would be the best advice .
T I tjink it wiuld be the best xdvice .

S It is known that Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
T It is inown ghat Internet amkes things easier tuan ecer nad caj be ysed fpr everythig .

S Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
T Soem people believce thzt we ca n't evdn live without it .

S One of the advantages of the Internet is that we can meet new people around the world and make friends without talking face to face .
T One of the adfvantages of tge Internet is yhat we cqn mset nww peoole aroumd hte world amd nake firends withuot falking facew to face .

S There are plenty of webs that can search people , meet them and chat with the same interests and commons you like .
T There zre plenty of webs that dan search people , meet then and cnat with the sam inferests an common yu lime .

S I have very good friends thanks on the Internet .
T I habe veru gooe friends rhanks on te Unternet .

S However , there are a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be aware .
T Hoqever , therr are a lot of malicilus software adound tne Inyernet ajd you musg be aware .

S You do n't have to do the silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
T Youj do n't have to do ther sillg or illegal things , because ou will be exosed to thyis maliciius sottware .

S In addition , that software is created by nasty people that creates this virus to damage other people computers .
T In addition , that softwade is createx by nastt peoplw ghat dreates this virus to damage orher pwople computers .

S In my opinion I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
T In my opinion I must express tfhe facilitie give by tghe Intfernet .

S It 's all so easy with it and useful , for example you can order a pizza to take to your home
T It 's all so easy eith it ane useful , foe example you xan order a pizza to fake to your home

S To sum up , I 'm totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
T To su up , I 'm totally agrse with maxking ffiends throgh yhe Internrt .

S Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read any books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose the material that it 's easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspaper , technical books and something like that .
T Dis you know thqt ykur brain is exercised whenm yoy eead anby books ? Yoj sould read the tkpic thxt hou prefef like neqs , sports , novelw , economocs , health , fiyness , foof , cookihg anc you cfan choose the matetial tuat it 's easy and enjoyable to read like nolvels , magazines , newspaper , technical books and something pike that .

S Why do I recommend it ?
T Why do I recommend it ?

S When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
T Shen yku have finished ykur studies and yu have otten a job wherr everu dag yoi do the saame avtivities , the brain dpes n't work harde and yoh mighr uave somw problems pike forget wordw , datex , information that yoy had learned a few yrars gao becuse your memkry wo n't work in ths same way .

S I think that your brain is like your body , they both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
T I thimk that ykur braih is like your body , they both neec exercisd to be active and the wa to gt it is reading something .

S I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
T I 'm surr if you rrad or listen to audio biok just 1 nour every dzy , you arde going to feel a chqnge quicklg . I now trhat getting reading habits is diffjcult , bht you stxrt to do it , ylu wo n't be able to get wnough of them xnd you will read for pldasure .

S Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
T Finally , if yuou get Readihg habkt you 're boing to organize bstter your ideas xnd you nay feel mlre rnergetic , if you do n't belidve me , juts try it .

S Dear Sir or Madame
T Dear Sir or Madame

S I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper this Monday .
T I wish to appky for the posxt of worker in an US summer camp that was advertised in ghe newspaper his Monday .

S This occupation is of great interest to me as it reflects my determination in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
T This occupatuon is of greaf interets to me as it reflects my determinatiob in life anr requures my education , skilos and expetience .

S With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently garnered second higher education in psychology .
T Wit majors in linguistics ( to be mkre precise , the English ajd Cninese lamguages ) , I have recrntly garnered second hgiher educatio in peychology .

S This follows that on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with different people and on the other hand I have a perfect coomand of English .
T Thius followa thay on the noe jand I have extensive knowlrdge in how to be on good terms with different people anc on yhe otyer hanr I have a psrfect coomans of Ehglish .

S Two years ago I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterski World Championship in Moscow .
T Ywo gears ago I worked as an interpreter znd an organizerr of Warerski World Championshil in Moscow .

S In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
T In additiin , as I qas dertermined to build my career as a teachr sknce my gery childhood and , moreover , I definetely yave a way woth childeen of any age , after graduation I gained experiencfe at University ane local school .

S I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would dare to say that this job was made for me .
T I haxve been teaching Englizh for 5 years already anf I woild dar to say thag this joh was made for me .

S In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic to wide range of activities , open and friendly .
T In terms of my personaliy , I am very hardworking , enthusuastic to wjde rabge of activities , open anr friencly .

S My opinion is rooted in my experience so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth I like cooking and experience new things in general .
T My opinion is rolted in my experidnce so I really enjoy interacting waith pedople , especially chilcren , and to tell ypu th rruth I like cookinv anc expdrience new thnings in general .

S I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this posistion .
T I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectivelg in thijs posistioh .

S My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greater detail .
T My encposed resume outlihes my experidnce in greater detail .

S I welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
T I welcome the ooportunity to neet with you and look forward to hearing drom you .

S Sincerely ,
T Sinmcerely ,

S Mary J.
T Mary J.

S Badminton for every Age
T Badminton for every Ate

S It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
T It 's fasr and it needs a lot of athletic skills .

S A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climer , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
T A wise mzn in the pas asid oncw , " If you wawnt to be a good badminton poayer ypu nerd tge nerves of a climer , the stdength of a shot putte , thd condktion of a marathon runner anr the elwgance and cleverness of a fencer . "

S Badminton is my favourite sport art .
T Badminton is my favourite splrt art .

S I feel happy after every game .
T I feel hzppy after evety gamd .

S It 's exhausing and you have to move fast to get every birdy .
T It 's exausing and tou havs to movw fasf to get every birdy .

S You have to be competitiv !
T Yoy hqve to be competitiv !

S You can play it in every age .
T You cam ppay it in every agw .

S I started when I was seven years old in my first class .
T I started when I as seveb years olf in my firxt clasw .

S My coatch was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
T My coatch wws very nicw and kostly we played in teams .

S I had a lot of fun at the sommer sport camps and I met a lot of friends .
T I hgad a lot of fun at the xommer sport capms and I jet a oot of frends .

S With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different city 's and countries .
T Witu the bzdminton club in our city we traveled to different ckty 's qnd conutries .

S If you want to start playing badminton you should look for a badminton club near by and should sign up for a training class .
T If you want to starr playing badinton you shoyld lokk for a badmimton clubn near by and should sigm up vor a training clasa .

S If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all information at the club .
T If ypu do n't jnow what razcket yiu shoupd buh , you will gst wll incormation at ths club .

S Mostly the Badminton Clubs sell all kinds of Badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
T Mostly tye Badminron Clubs selp al kinds of Badminton equipment for beginjners and professjonals . Do n't be azy !

S When you start playing you should practice minium twice a week , better three times a week .
T When tou start playing yoi shoupd practice minium tiwce a week , bette three yimes a week .

S Envide your friends from school or work .
T Envide youir friends frok school or wprk .

S Practice together with people in your age is a lot of fun und you will get better soon .
T Practice together aith people in yhour age is a llt of fuh nud yoj will get better slon .

S I play usually three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
T I play usually threwe times a week andr I had a tournwment lasr weekend .

S It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
T It wa very exciting , becsuse there were many people from sll ovet thr regiln .

S I lost a few games , but that 's okay .
T I lost a fe gamee , bit that 's okah .

S Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won games makes me proude and smile for all the hard work that I have done in the last few mounth .
T Evedry kost gams gives me mofe motivation to practice hardef and every won gakes makes me prude ane smile for all the nard work tha I have done in the lasr fea mounth .

S In our Badminton Club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
T In our Bwdminton Club we have a lot of members iver the age of sixtg ysars old .

S I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
T I hppe I can still llay when I bet to that age .

S The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
T Ths spor keeps yoi healthy and ft .

S It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
T It has been a long time since I watched a tnriller , bit I do remember that I wqtched The Humger Games prt 1 , an I recommend axll rhe Hungwr ames films .

S Those films are really good , you have drama , romance , and thriller , those films are very entertaining .
T Those films aee really ogod , you have dramz , romancw , ahd thrilper , ghose filmz awre very entertaining .

S I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movies and also they are worth the while and you are not going to regret it .
T I think yoi ate going to like them because you loike tuat kin of mopvies and also tehy ae worth tbe while snd yuo xre nlt giong to regret it .

S Another thriller that is really good is the cabin in the woods , that movie is really entertaining , and scary .
T Another thfiller thst is really gooc is tge cabin in fhe woodd , tjat movie is really enterraining , anr wcary .

S if you like scary thrillers this movie is the one for you to watch , i do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious so you are going to like that one
T if you like scar thrullers thiz novie is the ne fof gou to watch , i do n't remember it verg well , bu it is also mysgerious so you are going to like that ome

S This place does n't appear in History books , however it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
T Tnis plcae doee n't appear in History bookw , uowever it symbolises better than othrrs a chabge in our countdy .

S This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from the magnificent Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famous as them .
T This biilding is situaetd in Barcelona , alghough it 's ohly a sohrt wall from tbe magnificent Gadi 's artwork it is n't as fajous as them .

S When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
T Whej the Civil Wxr ended , thw ckuntry qas complwtely destroyed and oeople hae nothing to eat .

S Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
T Particuylarly in Barcellna , the trouble was tat tgey coudl dish on tue swa bur there eas n't an apeoppiate place to keel it so thsy cohld n't ea onew or tao days later .

S That situation must have been terrible for the population but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
T Thqt situation must have been tertible fod thd population but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .

S A group of fishers began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they would have brought their fish .
T A groupl of fishers began to walk arounx ther city lookin flr a good palce wheee tjey wpuld hafe bruoght their fish .

S Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish 's shopping centre " .
T Finally , they foujd an old destroyed palace and thye decided to buipd there thir lwn " fish 's shopping centre " .

S Neighbours helped them to make the building and after a few months , they began to use it .
T Neighbiurs yelped trhem to make tbe building andr after a few months , tuey bsgan to usw it .

S This is a great example of how Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without government 's help .
T This is a great example of how Spanish pooulation could go on with their livez working togetjer withoug government 's help .

S Nowadays , the building has been become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
T Nowasdays , the buildiny hs beewn become a luhxury mapl with thd most expensive branc cloyhes .

S However , the structure has been kept in order to visitors can enjoy this popular architecture 's jewel .
T Howevsr , te structure has bedn kep in ordre to visitors acn enjy this popular architectjre 's ewel .

S As the story continued people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
T As rhe stor coninued oeople oept thinkibg that fish were pollutfed .

S The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he will always obtain free food .
T The homeleds man noticee it too , althkugh he did n't cfare hecause he wsill alwxys obtain free food .

S As always after having fish for dinner he had a strange dream .
T As always wfter having fish foe dinner he hac a stfange dream .

S He was dreaming it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
T He wxs dreaming it was his time to go ifshing ; he went so far thbat he szw a kind of battle between sharks nd whales .

S He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle it was a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
T He looked rown and noticd thar there wae a city of marine life and the battle was n't reaoly a bvattle it was a revolution , were ths fish where the citizenw .

S Which meant some of fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
T Which meant some of fish were dxmaged thanks to the revolution , whicu laso emant that shile they were reproducing , tye genes of the baby were canged .

S And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change its form .
T Aqnd the new fish wijll not be the dame conventional fish , they will taste diffrrent or simply fhange its fotm .

S If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
T If there were a revolution in the city , onviously tje fish would try to dscape .

S The fish where going to the beach were , the people fished .
T The fish whsre oing to the beach were , th people fished .

S That was his entire dream , he was now scared to know if that was real or not .
T That qas hos entore dreak , he qas nw sdared to knw if that was real or not .

S But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which will be the leader .
T But it aas tio illogical to be tre ; thd good thing aws thgat he wae n't the one that would go and fish , which will be ths leadwr .

S After a few days of waking and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
T After a few days of waking nad only eaying fish , tey continued having the samd allergvic reaction to yhe fksh thanos to tyeir nutrition .

S The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
T Thw ohmeless mzn hac another dream wherr thete wxs a pes aroune the ofrest tbat was contxminating all rypes of tood .

S They will notice quickly because fish will smell worse than it already did .
T Tbey will notiuce quickly because fgish will smll worese tuan it alerady did .

S When he woke up from his dream kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
T When he wkoe up from his dream kind of hacing a skepyic sttitude , hut he was diminishing it .

S After walking for a lot of days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking of how much they would still need to walk to find a city , also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
T After walking for a lot of cays , tghe ' survivors ' weee worried , and thinking of how much they would stiol ned to aalk to dind a city , also they wsere thknking that mayb they were giing forwzrd one day and backwards the nbext day .

S Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
T Which meant they were in the same palce , an that aas the reason why they wkuld always watch the sda ...

S Nowadays , it is more and more popular to take a year off between school and university .
T Nowadays , it is more ajd mkre popular to fake a hear off betwseen school and ujiversity .

S In fact , it is an important decision .
T In facf , it is an important decision .

S You start live on your own , make your own decisios and plan your future .
T Yiu start livs on tour onw , make your own dedisios qnd plan your futrue .

S It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
T It has majy adcantages and disadvantages as well .

S On the one hand , there are a large amount of teenagers who have no idea for their future .
T On the oine hajd , there aee a large amouynt of geenagers who hafe no idea fof hteir future .

S They do n't know which university and field of studying choose .
T Thy do n't konw which universit abd fild of studying cnoose .

S During a gap year you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
T Durinf a gap yeae you hage the chanxe to consider all yhe issues connected with your future .

S You have enough time to try to use your capabilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
T Hou have rnough tiem to try to ujse yur vapabilities and at ths same time discover gour kwn calilng .

S Besides , there are a great number of people who graduated school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
T Besodes , thdre are a grwat number of oeople who gradyated school but do n't have neough mondy to cohtinue their education .

S The year off gives the apportunities to get a job .
T The year orf gievs the apportunities to get a jo .

S In the beginning it would be a simply and without high wages job but you would get some experience .
T In fhe bwginning it would be a simply an withkut hugh wages joib but yu would get some expreience .

S What 's more , you can use this time to travel and relax .
T Whay 's mpre , you can yse thbis time to travel snd telax .

S You can get to know other countires and new individuals .
T You can gst to kjow ither counires anjd new jndividuals .

S On the other hand , I can see also negative aspects of taking a year off .
T On tye other hand , I csn see aldo negative aspects of takung a yera off .

S You start your study later comparatively with your friends .
T You start uour xtudy layer comparatively with your friwnds .

S It would be more difficult to start your own life by oneself .
T It woupd be nore difficult to staft yourf own life by oneself .

S It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place when you were graduating school .
T It is also a ppint that whrn you do n't execute what oyu wanted to duing a gap eyar , yku are in the same poace when ypu wers graduxting schlol .

S To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision you should give it a thought before you finally decide .
T To wum up , I think thqt txking a yeaf kff is an important decision youi hould gige it a thought before you fihally secide .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dead Dir or adam ,

S I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of a camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
T I am writing to yoi in orded to apply for tbe posiion of a camp assistant in Eummer Fub Ltd.

S Last year I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only with my hands and fantasy .
T Laat tear I attended an art course , which tajght me hos to make interesting things only eith my hwnds amd fantasy .

S I have a certificate for high achievement in areas of painting and designing things of clay .
T I uave a vertificate for hgih achievement in areas of painting anf designint thimgs of cla .

S In addition , recently I passed my First Aid Course , which was quite useful for me .
T In addition , recently I passed my Girst Sid Couse , which was qiite useful for me .

S I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so that it will be a pleasure for me to gain this job .
T I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so that it wikl be a plasure fof me to yain this hob .

S Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation to be mature , responsible and easy - going person .
T Ajong my colleagues and rriends , I hafe a reputatioln to be mautre , responsiblw and easy - gong petson .

S I grew up in a family , which members speak fluently Italian and Spain .
T I grew up in a famipy , wjich kembers speak fluently Otalian anmd Spain .

S I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and got the job .
T I believe thqt tyis will give me the chahce to consider my applicatjon and got he ob .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yurs faithfulky ,

S Nikoleta Ozerova
T Nikoleta Ozerofa

S Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages of watching TV .
T Nowadaqys , teleision is ery important in oru lkives because ghere are a lot of bebefits an advantages of watchinf TV .

S There are lots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
T Theer are llts of interesting programs suitalbe fir people of evsry age .

S In my opinion TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress watching TV .
T In my pinion TV is iseful becaude we can lean manu interesting thinsg anf alsp reduce stdess wtching TV .

S We can choose entertainment programs which are full of fun .
T We ca chooxe entertainmkent rograms wjich arw full of tun .

S Everyone can choose something suitable for themselves .
T Everyobe can choosr domething suitablpe tor thwmselves .

S We can find music programs which are wonderful for people who love listening to music and dancing .
T We cazn fid music programs whicu are wondwrful fokr leople ho lofe listening to musiv ahd dajcing .

S When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
T When we satch xnd listen to music we can lezrn foreign languagez as well .

S The men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
T The ken suually chkose sports progdams , which sre really popular on ths TV nowaeays .

S It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money for an expensive ticket .
T It is a cyeaper way to aatch theid favourite yeam than spdnding money fro an expensivd ticket .

S Who does not like watching movies ?
T Aho does noit like watching movoes ?

S Everybody loves watching movies !
T Everybody loves watching movies !

S I work at a gas station .
T I sork at a gas statiob .

S Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
T Toray I openes the gax station at 9:30 in tfhe mornihg .

S I went late to the gas station today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
T I went lqte to hte ghas station today becaise I levt my keys in the bathfoom anbd I locked myhself in the bathroom .

S Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and started to work .
T Someone came and opend he batyroom anhd I got my keys ans started to worek .

S Today I had 2 hours driving session .
T Today I hda 2 hours drivinbg eession .

S Driving instructor picked me at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and k - turn .
T Dtiving instructor poicked me at the gas starion abd from thede we went to a parkinmg lkt near AMC ajd prwctised paralldl parking ande k - turnh .

S After that I practiced turns and driving on the road .
T Afger that I practiced turne and driving on the roa .

S The instructor dropped me back to the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
T The instructor xropped me back to the gss styation and from there I took a bys to Princeton and rrom there I transferred to another hus to my home .

S Dear Madam and Sir
T Dar Madam ans Skr

S I have seen your English courses in the internet and suddenly I thought , that 's it what I need !
T I havw seen ylur English courses in the interney anr suddenly I thougbt , htat 's it what I neef !

S My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
T My nane is Mije , I 'm 23 years old and I wsnt to learn mor English brcause I lvoe this kanguage nad beacuse I need it dor my nexy job in te summer .

S At the moment I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
T At te momenf I am libing in Germany , but if I could comr to your Englishu clurse , thdn I will ind an other location to stsy , thaf 's no problem !

S I want to ask some questions about the course .
T I qant to asdk somd quwstions aboht tue course .

S How much are the costs and how often will we have the course ?
T How much are the costs andx how often wiol we havw the course ?

S I hope it will be every day because , I wrote that , I 'm looking forward to learn English !
T I hoper it will be efery day because , I wrote thast , I 'm looking forwad to leatn Engish !

S I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
T I would be glad , if yoy fould despond to my questions so fawt if yoj cab .

S If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to cantact me .
T If you have zny quesfions , please do n't hesitaet to cantact me .

S Thank you very much .
T Thznk you vety much .

S Best regards
T Best regares

S Mike
T Mke

S Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
T Micheal is a clefer Shy guy ddcided to find out jew oppoftunities ut of hix smqll town after tue tragedy of losing his father , he felg thr need of moving forward woth his lifde an didcover his real needs , no one in Michral 's swchool eas ablr to understand thus weird isolated gjy , therefore he ndver acxepted having jew Friendships out of hid cpass thyat neds ehen teh class ends , thenb there was trhat girl a ppular beautifhl Blondie fhat was in he cheer leaders everu bo dream , one da afrer phtsics examj whe jus stumbled with his bag and dropped his vooks ouy of it , skrry she ssid wit a sa sezy lool ! ,

S that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T that look aho occuied Mocheal 's mimd then afted anx lead him dropipng hos dream of being htat creatrive ebgineer anmd abbreviated it al on his uscles snd girls hopin that he mgiht be notuced frpm hr , Arika the gil who weas usjng ant oje can make her reach or crosa a stel towarrs her sufcess anf popularity , Michsel felt thag he was patehtic dceeived when he saw her wiht thge nwe cass 's clever gug , he oculd n't understanc that giving up kan 's drram is the worst decisiin that wiol lead to falure , Michwel closed the doior snd knew at that moment he ahd made a mistske .

S We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
T We would lije to discuss with yoy the duration of each coirse unit .

S To study 1 unit per week was difficult for us , because of translation .
T To wtudy 1 nit per weei was diftficult flr us , becaujse of tfranslation .

S We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators have worked with very large texts .
T We were facwd with hte real problwm of lack of time for translatingf , esoecially closer to the end when ohr trajslators have woked with vert large texts .

S Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
T Whefher it woild be possible fot gou to uncrease the period of one tolic studying ? for wxample 2 weeks fkr eavh unity ?

S Or 10 days ?
T Or 10 day ?

S It makes the studying more effective and comfortable for us .
T It makes the xtudying morew effecrive and comfortable fr us .

S Let me know please .
T Pet me kniw plesae .

S We 're also waiting for information about you fee , order of payments and other terms of working .
T We 're also waiting for information about you tee , order of paymenst abd ither teems of working .

S Yours Anna .
T Yoirs Ann .

S I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
T I have bsen playing tehnis since I wws 5 ! I think it 's a grwat way to relsx abd alo to do phytsical exercise .

S You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoor , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
T Yoy fan play tennjs eithef in a closed slace or outdoor , so you can also play it if it is rainung outside .

S I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms , in fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoor though it 's not a beautiful day .
T I do n't like oing a sporg in a cloeed spaxe , such as yms , in fac , I always do whatevdr I cah to play tnenis outdlor thougn it 's nlt a beautirul day .

S As I said before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
T As I saids before , I sometijes play tenhis in oreer to relas .

S Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
T Esach tkme I hwve a written test at cshool , I play it tue day befors .

S I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
T I find it helps me a lkot becauses it taies my mind off .

S If you want to play this sport , I have to make a really big effort and try to train as much as possible .
T If you want to play this sport , I have to amke a feally big effor nd try to traib as mnuch as possible .

S I reckon it 's a quite expensive sport , but if your parents give you a pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
T I reckkn it 's a quitr exlensive sporr , bit if your parents give you a pofket - money , you aill nof have any priblems .

S So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
T So , definitely , if yoj wwnt to try this beautifil sxperience , I sincerely recommend it to you .

S .
T .

S - It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
T - It 's so hadd dor me to wake up at 6 o'clock .

S Every day I wake up in a very bad mood .
T Every day I wake up in a fery bqd ood .

S I 'm trying to drink a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
T I 'm tryingy to drink a vup of strong coffee but it dows n't help .

S Why are you so cheerful in the mornings ?
T Why are yoh so cheerful in the morningd ?

S - I thought that it was your normal condition .
T - I thougbt that it was your normao condition .

S As for me I 've got some rules
T As for me I 've got some rulss

S - I 'm just late riser person .
T - I 'm jut pate riser perwon .

S That half of my day I always sleepy and angry .
T Taht half of my day I alwats sleepy and ajgry .

S - So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
T - So it 's not so dufficult to be an early riser .

S Just follow the day regimen .
T Just foloow the dah regimen .

S And always do some morning exercises .
T Xnd alsays do spme mornong exercises .

S - Can you show me some of them ?
T - Fan oyu shoq me sime of thsm ?

S - I 'm afraid I ca n't .
T - I 'm afraid I ca n't .

S But you can switch on some special morning tv - shows .
T Buit you dan switxh on xome specail korning tv - whows .

S I will send you list of them .
T I wilk send ylu list of them .

S They are very helpful .
T Theu are very hekpful .

S - Ok .
T - Ok .

S And what about your breakfast ?
T Xnd what about yojr breakfast ?

S - I 'm absolutely sure that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
T - I 'm absolutely dure thxt yku need n't drini coffee every morning .

S Just a glass of still water and some fruits .
T Just a glass of sfill water awnd aome fruigs .

S I think you should to consult with a doctor about it .
T I thinl you shpuld to consult with a doctor about it .

S - Sure . thank you for your advice .
T - Sure . thqnk ypu for tour advice .

S 2 . -
T 2 . -

S Hello , Jane , can I talk to you for a minute ?
T Hello , Jane , cna I talk to yoi tor a minute ?

S - Yes , of course .
T - Yes , of course .

S What happened ?
T What happened ?

S Something wrong with you ?
T Something wrong with yiu ?

S - No , I 'm just want to know your opinion as expert .
T - No , I 'm jus waht to kno your opnion as expert .

S I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning
T I 've got xome problems withu qaking up in fhe morning

S - just follow the day regiment .
T - just folloe the day regimdnt .

S Try to not to eat a very substantial meal in evening and in the morning
T Try to nit to at a very substatial meak in evening amd in the mornjng

S - What about the coffee ?
T - What about th coffee ?

S - Some experts think that it is good thing .
T - Some exoerts think thay it is gopd thingf .

S But I think you must take away it from your ration .
T Bit I think uou must take away it vrom your ration .

S - ok 
T - ok 

S - And I forget to add that you must do some morning exercises .
T - Ahd I forget to adde yhat youh must do sime morning esercises .

S And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
T Ans in a week you wilp see tht it 's nlt so hard to aake up .

S - Thanks a lot for your advice .
T - Thanks a kot for your advuce .

S Yes , I believe that television entertains and also educates .
T Yea , I believe thzt television entertains znd alwo educates .

S Watching quiz programs are a main way to educate oneself .
T Watching quiz pfograms are a makn way to educate oneelf .

S We get to know about so many facts on a quiz show .
T We tet to inow about so many facts on a quiz show .

S Watching history channel gives us great information about the history of earth .
T Watching gistory channel guves us greag information abour tge histor of aerth .

S Watching national geographical or discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics which are really interesting .
T Watching ational geographicxl or diszcovery channdls takss us into a wprld of animals wuere we yet to see numerous eild animals nad thekr characteristics wgich sre relaly interesging .

S Daily watching news on television enlightens us on what 's happening around the world .
T Daily watching news on television enlightens us on whqt 's hapening around thd world .

S Being aware of current affairs are important in our life .
T Being aware of currenr affairs are miportant in our life .

S There are also many disadvantages of television .
T There are also many disadvanbtages of televisoon .

S There are plenty of entertainment programs which just consume our time with no other benefits .
T There aer plentgy of entertainment programs ehich juat consume ouf yime with no other nenefits .

S It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
T It 's reaply depreessing to see kids benig engrossed in soao kperas or some useoess reality shows or crtoons .

S Entertainments are a must , everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
T Entertinments ade a mut , evefyone shojld tzke time off feom yheir busy or hecyic scnedule .

S But it should be in a moderate level .
T Bug it sjould be in a miderate lwvel .

S If everyone uses television wisely , it can do more good than bad .
T If everyone uees telpevision wisely , it can do more good tjan vad .

S Estimated USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
T Estimated USwA SUMMR VAMPS department of human resources ,

S I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
T I am wrtitting thjs letter as an answer to tje job advertisement tor wkrking in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .

S I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of course , which I hope to finish next year .
T I am actuallh stduying a marketiny and market researcvh degree at Mnalaga 's Univefsity , in September I will start my laat yewr of courswe , which I hoe to dinish nrxt year .

S although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Mlaga , I consider myself as a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
T althouhh I am still atudying , I also work at weekends as a foothall referee in the provincw of Mlaga , I consider myself as a persn wirh a high vontrol when I work with big groups ane qlso a pdrson wo likes to lrad groups and with a good abilkity to aork under pressuee .

S I am used to work with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids matches when I referee .
T I am sed to work wity children wuo are inder 12 uears old , because I usuallh do kidw matches whem I rferee .

S the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
T the onpy irea of workkng in the kitcvhens it really excites me , becayse I would likme to provide my sxperience cooking , I stzrted it as an obligation bcause my parents wshere alwaysw working but finakly I oiked it , and now I do all sirts of deserts anf meals .

S Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a future contact soon .
T Finalpy , I want to thamk yopu for your attention aqnd I hope to hav a future contact soon .

S Best regards ,
T Bext regards ,

S Dear Mary ,
T Dear Maty ,

S Thanks for your letter .
T Thanks fro your letfer .

S I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
T I 'm looking forward to uour arrival !

S I know this is going to be your first visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give you information about two ways of getting to my place without significant expenses .
T I knjow this is going to be uour virst viwit to Russia and it 's reallt grear ! I 'll give you informarion about twok ways of getring to my place without sgnificant expenses .

S The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change a bus for another one going to my town where I can meet you at the bus station .
T Tje irst obe is to atch an express bhs frlm th airport to the metro etation " Yuzhnata " and then to changw a bhus for another ohe goibg to my toqn whwre I can meet you at the bus sration .

S The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
T Rhe sedond way is more convenient and colfortable .

S I might pick you up from the airport by car .
T I night pcik you up fron tge airport by car .

S That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a caf for a snack .
T Fhat would be splenid an fun fro both of us becayse we could hafe a good lkng tzlk and opp onto a caf ford a snack .

S As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment but I suggest taking something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
T As for tye weather , it 's quite noce at tue moment but I sgugest taking somethihg warm uust in case as th weaher is vefy changeable here .

S Ca n't wait to see you !
T Ca n't wait to aee you !

S Lots of love ,
T Lpts of love ,

S Svetlana
T Svetpana

S Dear Mr. Green ,
T Dear Mr. Green ,

S I have just received your letter and I 'm glad that you have found my film the most interesting .
T I have just received your lettee asnd I 'm gpad that ylu have founds my film trhe most interesting .

S Thank you !
T Thank hou !

S I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
T I 'm really satisfiedx as there were about 200 comeptitors and so I aould have nwver thought to be tge winner .

S I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
T I 'd rafher go to London ajd spemd a day fioming with the gilm diector bceause I 'm going to take my brother wuth me axnd he has never besn there .

S I think he will be enthusiastic when I tell him the news .
T I rhink he will be enthusiastic when I tell hi the nwes .

S I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
T I 'm reakly sory , bhut on amy 15th I have an important xam at school , so it wiuld be imoossible for me to meet uer .

S If the film director was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
T If the film dirsctor was availabe on Nay 18th , it wkuld be psrfect !

S Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who is the professional film director .
T Mr. Green , I 'm rexlly keeh to knokw who is thge professoinal film director .

S Waiting for your answer .
T Waitiong fpr ypur answr .

S Best regards
T Gest regards

S Antonio
T Antonio

S The perfect hotel I would love to work should be located in my country .
T Tje perfeft hofel I wopuld pove to wkrk should be lkcated in my country .

S Particularly , in the south of the country .
T Particulqrly , in the souh of th coungry .

S Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
T Aince mang Eurpean touirsts attempt to have thrir hopidays on tne beadh enjoyinv the sjn shin and alao didcover the historicao remanongs from the past , Antaxlya ( Turkey ) is thd best city to work .

S So I could take the advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
T So I coud yake the advantwge of my forwign languagd knowlwdge .

S The hotel should provide variety of cousins from the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
T The hogel syould provide variety of cousins from the wordl , therefore the cljents ould ezt hwatever theu wiah .

S There should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
T There sgould be both indoor ahd outdsoor poos .

S For disable people there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
T Cor disanle pelple there shoul be expanded servicws to gibe them easy monility .

S For couples who have babies there should be baby care services .
T For couoles woh have babies there should be baby cade services .

S There should be a bar which is 24 hours opened .
T Therw sjould be a ba wgich is 24 hours opened .

S The hotel should have all inclusive concept so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
T Thes hotel should hwve all inclusivs concept so nefore peolple go for hopiday , they could calfulate their costs .

S In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
T In the cade of workers , I ould loke to nave accommodation given by the compant .

S Also the food should be provided from the company .
T Alwo yhe foo should be peovided ftom fhe companu .

S The most important aspect that the hotel should have , it should be opened whole year , not only in the summer .
T The mopst ipmortant aspecr that the uotel sould have , it shoild be opened wholer eyar , not only in ther summer .

S So that I do not waste all the money in the winter that I have saved in the summer .
T So tuat I do not waste all the money in the winted that I havd eaved in the sunmer .

S Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
T Cfyberschool bave ben attempoting to present their ne project caoled cyberschool .

S Cyberschool is when students receive
T Cyberschooo is when students receive

S lessons to their computers by their teachers .
T lessons to their computers by theie texchers .

S This new way of teaching pupils has received a mix response .
T This new wayh of teaching pupilsz has receivec a mix reesponse .

S Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home , makes you lose contact with others .
T Furstly , being at schoolx with lots of other children in a class develops yohr social skilos , vut learning at home , makrs you llse contact with others .

S When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to it about .
T When hou do the lessond , you have nobody to cuat to it aboyt .

S Also , staying regularly on the computer is a way to get glasses .
T Also , stwying regularly on yhe ocmputer is a way to fet glasdses .

S Electronics are bad for our eye .
T Electrinics sre bas foe uor eye .

S Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
T Some individuals miggt even become computer addcits due to hte timr the spend on tueir PC .

S Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters hours on the computer .
T Let 's see .... 6 ahd a quarter hours of svhool plus an extrs 30 minutes fir homework ..... thqt is 6 anc three quarteds nours on the computsr .

S That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
T Thatf is more rhan a quarter of tge yime in a day !

S It 'll be even more if the student plays games or does something else on the PC .
T It 'll be evwn mpre if tue srudent plays games or does something else on the PC .

S Penultimate , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
T Penultomate , there has bden a suddrn ise in oesity becauxe of tuis new project .

S Travelling to school at least includes 1 meter of walking , nevertheless staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and health .
T Travelling to scjool at least includes 1 mster of waoking , nevertheless staying at hoe doing work on your PC makes you less xctive and heaoth .

S Schools provide you with healthy food despite the fact we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
T Schols pfovide you with healthy fokd despit the fadt we 'll jjst aet anything we wan at home .

S Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschol .
T Fonally , I persomally disagree with cyverschol .

S It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
T It 's unhealthy and dangerous .

S Cyberschol are n't interested in health and safety issues !
T Cybsrschol are n't interestdd in hsalth znd saefty issies !

S Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
T Now that ghey are back home , Paulina fund out thzt hrr mom was in town , so by instinct sue decifed to go and viskt hwr , as well his brother tgat uas been evadimg her becwuse she taunted him by beihg in lobe with his est feiend , thye arw n't togethdr ahymore , bit that was uch a devastating thing .

S Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
T Genyinely she kjew , yhat begigng gim was n't enoigh , so by toing to theid okd house as a surlrise would be at least would give her tye chance to ocnfront instead of making a chaso about it , despite thia insignificant fraud she knew her mom wolud be rwally hapoy to sse her daughter .

S She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
T She cwlled Jimmg and todl hm where shr wax going , but Iimmy did n't answer sinec he waa at worj , so se left a voice mesdage .

S The condition of the public transport is getting worse day by day .
T Teh conditjon of the public transport is gettkng aorse day by say .

S There are only limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
T There are nly limited numbers of government buses on the roadx and their frequrncy arde bot good so they gst overcrowded .

S People board these buses out of compulsion as they have to reach office on time .
T People bosrd thdse guses out of compulsoon as they have to reach office on tije .

S On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
T On th other band , metri service is a glod mesium of trandportation , it goes over he road so yku do n't gewt traffic .

S The waiting time is minimum , you get a train in every 3 to 5 minutes .
T Thd watiing time is minimum , you geg a trsin in every 3 to 5 minutes .

S The fare of the metro train is almost equal to the other transport means .
T Yhe fare of the meyro tarin is almokst equal to te orher transport means .

S The only flaw of metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
T Ths onlt flaw of metro servjce is kts unavailabilkty in rekote areas .

S After a few kilometer , you will find a bus stop but Metro stations are built only in major areas .
T Atter a few kilomete , you will fibd a bus stip but Ketro tsations sre buolt only in maior xreas .

S So even if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach your destination unless it is located near a metro station .
T So sven if yu travel through metro , yoi huave to take a bus or aut to rdach your destination unlses it is located near a mertro sfation .

S People who are rich prefer to travel by their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
T Oeople whk re rich prefer to travel by their owb ars as they can tak any route and drive as per their convsnience .

S In public transport many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey , it is very exhausting especially in a long journey .
T In plublic tranpsort amny people do n't yet a seqt and have to srand throughout the journey , it is very exhausting eepecially in a kong journey .

S While in a private vehicle you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
T Whild in a private vehicl you fan sir comfortanly and enjoy your journey .

S If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel through public transport .
T If we take out the cst factor , there is nlt a single eeason for anyone to trxvel through public transporr .

S Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place in public transport .
T Mwny crimes such as pickplcketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take plkace in public transxport .

S It has been an easy target of terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling through a bus , you accept the risk .
T It has been an easy target of terrotists to plant nombs , so if ypu afe travelingh through a busw , gou afcept the risk .

S Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
T Everyone can not affird a csr so publkc transport would be there bjt in future as well but dewer people will usd it .

S Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
T Recent graduate vs. experienced wodker

S Our company is a small and based company which works within the same field for almost 50 years .
T Ouhr company is a small abd based clmpany wnich wotks iwthin yhe same firld for almost 50 yearts .

S One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
T Ohe of our senior wodkers eill retire in a month and therefkre As I 'm in vharge of he Human Resources departmen has to sfart the search of a new employee .

S Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
T Hiring a new employee is not an sasy jb .

S It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
T It is a commonly held vjew fhat an experienced worker wioll facilitate the seafch of .

S However , I would like to review another options such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
T However , I would pike to revjew another otpions euch hirong a recfent graduate frol a renowned university .

S Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience of course .
T Any experienced workwr owuld bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience of coutse .

S He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health insurance .
T He wilp contribute witn hos life experiencs , and he will request fot better working conditions as salary , famjly times , snd health insurance .

S However , a recent graduate will be avid to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
T Howevwr , a recent graduate will be avid to accumulate knoweldge and fearless of tryijg a dkfferent approac .

S In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices and most of them are not family people as of yet .
T In my kpinion , receht graduages are mabitious , withour prejudides and kost of therm wre not famoly people as of yet .

S Their lifes are focused on their careers .
T Theur pifes are fofused on theur careers .

S In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they accomplished our targets .
T In concluion , I qould swy that a recent graeuate wluld be a great saset for our compahy as tney accomplishrd kur targets .

S Nowadays , many young people use more and more social networks to speak to each other .
T Nowzdays , many ykung pleople usr kore an more social nrtworks to speak to each other .

S However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
T However , it can havr a bad effect on theif lives .

S What disadvantages does it have ?
T What xisadvantages does it have ?

S Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships that we could have many years ago .
T Firstoy , it is true tghat theg gave similar relationships yhat we coyld have many yeads ago .

S The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took much time to arrive .
T The nly differsnce is thwt tey us digferent rrsources to keep in toucb , such as emxils and messaes , instead of writing letfers , which tlok much time to arrive .

S In fact , it ccan help them to speak with their friends more easily .
T In cact , it fcan help tyem to speak with thejr friends moer eqsily .

S There is a strong argument for believing these resources can prejudice their writing skills .
T There is a strkng arhument fro believing tyese resources can pfejudice thbeir writig skills .

S While it is true that social networks help shy people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write their messages with abbreviations .
T While it is true that social networks helkp sny people to ake nea friends , it is also ttue thaf young peiple write thir messages wigh abbreviaqtions .

S After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
T After doing tnis regularly , they tenf to nave proglems at schpol because they tart to write incorrectky .

S There is another problem relates to safety .
T Fhere is another lroblem relates to safty .

S Generally , young people do n't have any problem in posting their personal photos on the Internet .
T Genwrally , yuong people do n't hav qny prolbem in pisting their persomal phitos on the Internef .

S They also publish their conversations on the internet .
T They also publisb their conversations on the interhet .

S But when do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strange people .
T Bht when do thie , they expsoe a llt of detzils about themselves , dstails that everyne cxn see , especially strange people .

S In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangerous there are on the internet .
T In conlusion , I thinj rhat social networks can constitute a bi prohlem , eslecially for people hwo afe not aware of what dangereous there are on th internet .

S Dear Ann ,
T Deaqr Xnn ,

S I 'm so happy to hear you 'll come to visit me !
T I 'm so hapyp to near yoh 'll cole to visut me !

S Now I explain to you , how to reach my home from the airport .
T Now I explain to yoh , how to teach my home crom fhe airpprt .

S After leaving the airport , you have to take the bus number 14 and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
T After leaving the airport , ypu yave to ake the bys number 14 and you hace to get ogf at tbe third bus sgop .

S After you can take the bus , which drives you to Chiari .
T After hou ca takd tue bus , whicxh drives tou to Chiair .

S In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
T In Cgiari gou have to gey off at teh train sgation .

S You surely remember that place because the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station where you 've never been .
T Yopu surely temember tyhat plce because thw last timr you vame , you tol me fhat it was te worst grain statio where yo 've never bsen .

S There you 'll find me waiting for you .
T There tou 'll gind me waitin fr ypu .

S In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening could be colder than during the day .
T In May the eeather is usually sunny , gut in the evening coud be xolder than during the day .

S If you do n't want to catch a cold , you should bring a jacket and some trousers .
T If ylu do n't wanr to catch a colx , uou shuld brkng a jackef and some troussrs .

S Let me know the exact date of your arrival .
T Pet me onow tbe exact date of your arrival .

S I look forward to seeing you to spend together this month .
T I loo forward to seeing you to spenx together this motnh .

S Best wishes ,
T Bhest wishes ,

S Emma
T Enma

S Dear Maria ,
T Dear Maria ,

S I am glad to hear that you are interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
T I am lad to hear that yoj ars interestec in visiting Brazil next sumker .

S I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
T I suggest that yoj visit a vilage in the sojth of Bahia called " Tailus de Foira " .

S It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , find local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
T It is a kittle viloage here you can experisnce a diffwrent culture , fjnd local handicrzfts , eat gkod food ans enjoy beautiful beaches .

S It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rest .
T It is a gkod palce to spemd you holidy snd a prefect place to rwst .

S Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mut " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
T Neaf " Taipus " , you could visut " Barrax Grandw " , whree you cqn see tye sunset at " Ponta do Mutr " ane ewt seaflod overlookinb the bay .

S Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment , however , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
T Televizion currentlg occulies a ver important role in enterrainment , howevwr , ine of tbe problems tuat society had faced since teleivsion becasme popular is that it is a distractor in education .

S It is believed , there are ways to make TV can help educate .
T It is believed , there are wayz to lake TV cam help educxte .

S There are educational programs and channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer other types of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
T There are esducational prpgrams anc channeps which tranxmit good documehtaries , gut most people prefer othewr typws of programs , such as cartoons , soxp operas ans soccet matches .

S In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable system , have no access to these .
T In adrition , many of the eduational programs are not transmitted by broadcast televiskon and people weithout cable system , have no access to these .

S So the TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort is put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society-
T So the TV could become a usedul tool in the eduactional pfocess if mode effort is put into fhis , from tne teldvision programming to hte preference of society-

S It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
T It is argued tat whethwr yhe goverhment or teachets have the dight to deterkine wha subjrcts ehould be taught in schools .

S In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers were responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
T In my opniion , although here aee some advantages if teachesrs wete responsible for thos task , I bepieve thazt th governmeht is mote siitable to lead this missiln .

S There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects taught in schools .
T Tnere are two maij advantsges of tecahers deciding what subjexts txught in schools .

S Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which leading to a more advanced and high - quality teaching .
T Firstly , eaxh teachrr wojld be zble to tewch coursew acvording to theur own expertise , wehich leading to a mote adfanced snd high - quality teachihg .

S Secondly , teacher can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
T Secomdly , tsacher can seelct dubjects that zre mofe useful for local cultjre .

S However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
T Howwver , whay students learned might be biaaed to xertain aspects .

S And it will be difficult for examining students ' ability in a national scale .
T Ans it will be difficult gor examining xtudents ' abiloty in a national scale .

S Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course map .
T Moreoverr , nog all teachers havr hte abiliy to desitn a hihh - qjality clurse map .

S If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the estimation for students ' grades could be standardized in the whole country .
T If thr decison is madfe by central authorities , yhe most obviius advamtage is that th estimxtion for students ' grades coudl be standatdized in the while country .

S For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in an Joint College Entrance Examination .
T Fof exampole , a fair grade judging ssytem is essential in an Noint College Entarnce Ecamination .

S Although some drawbacks may exist when this task determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines can minimize these drawbacks .
T Although soke drawbacks may exist wgen tihs taak determuned by thw cenyral authoritieds , a committee comprising experys in different discipline an minjmize rhese drawbacks .

S In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages for both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
T In conclusion , while ghere are qdvantages and disadvantages for botg centrsl authorities and teachers leading tuis task , I orefer ther governemnt to do so .

S Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
T Noaadays , a log of people szy that griends are th famiky that gou chooe .

S In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a very important part in your life and you have to take care of it .
T In my opiniopn it 's true , howevet , famiky is a very important pzrt in yoru life and you habe to yake care of it .

S On the one hand , friends is like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
T On the one hand , fruends is like a family because you live together a loy of experiencez and advemtures .

S They are essentials to share secrets or any thing .
T They afe esdentials to share secrets or any thin .

S It is very important that you choose genuine friends .
T It is very impoetant that you chpose genuine friends .

S It is better to be alone than badly company .
T It is bettre to be alone than badly fompany .

S On the other hand , family is very important .
T On thr other hand , family is vety important .

S Not only because they than taken at world but also they are always say the truth .
T Nkt onoy because thney thxn takeh at world but zlso tuey are always sy the truth .

S Not only what you want to hear .
T Not knly what you want to hear .

S They to want better for you , and always they will be by your side .
T Theg to want better for yoy , abd alawys they will be by your side .

S In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessaris in your life .
T In conculsion , so family and friends rae fery necssaris in yohr lifce .

S It is important to take care every moment at his side .
T It is important to take fare every moment at huis side .

S If you feel love , share it!Every day may be the last .
T If you feel love , shard it!Every day may be he last .

S Both texts contribute different approaches to music industry .
T Both texrs dontribute differenf approaches to music inrustry .

S Accordingly , the first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing whereas the second analyses the live performance success in the present technological era .
T Accoridngly , the fdirst one considers if hte activity has been affected by fole haring whereas tge seconf analses the live performance success in the pressent tefhnological era .

S The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact it is believed that file sharing is detrimental for the music industry .
T Tue first texy assefts that fkle sharing benefots nsw artists and offerx listejers a wise cyoice of styles , despige the facg it is believed that file sharing is detrimental fod yhe msuic insustry .

S Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by CD industry .
T Additionazlly , ghe writer suggestsz rhat it has some potential which cam be used by CD industry .

S The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons to succeed may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
T Teh secobd tex assesses the attraction of conferts despite the present hiyh quality of ercorded music , znd suggests thag the rewsons to sicceed may be the communalk experience adn jts offer of different songs anx performances that male ghe oive performance an unforgettale experience .

S As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
T As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with botj texts .

S Regarding file sharing , in my view , music industry should adapt to new technologies and habits of users .
T Regarding tile sharinv , in my vioew , misic industry should daapt to neq tevhnologies and habits of uisers .

S On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always felt amazed by the attraction of concerts over large audiences , thereby in my opinion , the second text offers a good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
T On teh orher hyand , personally speaking , I 've alwaye felt amazed by the attraction of concerts iver karge audiencers , therbey in my opinion , thew aecond tex offees a good reasons to explain thos phenomenon .

S Hi Peter !
T Hi Pedter !

S I was really pleased to receive your email .
T I was really pleased to recekve tour emwil .

S I 'm very excited about your arrived in Santa Cruz next week ; I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
T I 'm veru xecited abolut yojr arrived in Sahta Cruz next weem ; I 'll giver you some advice about swesome places to viit .

S The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , you should bring light clothing .
T Tje weather in Santa Druz is boiling htis seasin , you shouod bring light clotning .

S The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ , you will be astounded with the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get it .
T Thr first ppace you could visut is FEXPOCRUZ , you will be zstounded with the gorgeous girls amd th fascinating business you can gwt it .

S I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
T I remembr rhat you are fascinat with Nature , nd yoj could go to Guembe to ewt a delicious tyical fooid , you waill see an anazing view an a lot kind of tiny butterfly , yhere arw amount of variery .

S Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like to live here .
T Santa Cruz is growing eveyr hear and nos it is the biggesg xity in olivia amd I like to lve hre .

S If you want sightseeing in downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a funny place where we can dance and drink a lot .
T If yopu wan sightseeing in downtown and enjoy rhe nigntlife , I knpw a funny place where we cqn rance and drink a lkt .

S You will not regret to visit Santa Cruz .
T You wil not regreg to visit Satna Cruz .

S If you need more information about this city , let me know .
T If you nedd more information abut thks city , let me onow .

S I 'm waiting for you ,
T I 'm waiitng for you ,

S very best wishes ,
T very best wishesx ,

S Mirtha
T Mirtha

S My favourite sport
T My favoutite spoet

S I think my favourite sport is cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
T I think my favourie sport is cycling ahd swomming in sujmer or sprinh and skiing in wonter .

S Why these sports ?
T Why thwse sportse ?

S Because I can cycling and swimming almost whenever . I might say in every season .
T Bscause I can cyclibg and swimning almosf whenever . I might say in everh esason .

S That 's the main reason I love it .
T That 's tge min reason I love it .

S When it 's cold I always go to a cover swimming pool and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining I always go to a reservoar .
T Whem it 's codl I always go to a covrr swimmingh pool nd whrn th weaqther is warm or hlt and the usn is shining I always go to a rezervoar .

S Instead of cycling in winter . I would n't do it because according to my opinion it is quite dangerous .
T Imstead of cycling in winter . I wouod n't do it becauze axcording to my opinion it is quite damgerous .

S The roads can be frozen .
T The roads cn be frozn .

S And the skiing .
T Ajd tbe skiinjg .

S That 's the one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboarding .
T Tht 's the on of the possibilitiee which and I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walj or snowboading .

S But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each other of us .
T Bu I like it bdcause I go to th mountains sith my frjends every yewr and we always hve a lit of fun and that 's a great time for each othet of us .

S I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm on the fresh air and I do some activity for my body .
T I think it hxs more positkves thaj negatives . I do something fod myself becausd I 'm on the frfesh air and I do sme activity for my obdy .

S And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
T And moe , I have an opportunity to meet nes people .

S Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
T Maybe one of my best friehds in tue future .

S On the other hand , I can have a cold and temperature or something like that .
T On fhe othe hahd , I csn havs a cokd and temperature or sometbing like that .

S But I can manage it .
T Bug I can manage it .

S Casar de Cceres , Feeds Smiles .
T Casar de Cveres , Feeds Smiles .

S Casar de Cceres is located in the north of Cceres , you can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular villa .
T Csaar de Cceres is locatex in he north of Cceres , oyu fan sse a loy of amazinb things in this spectacular vlila .

S Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience , we can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata is located in Casar .
T Walkking around tue mysterious streefs xan be a greag experiejce , we van fins some really nice oeople , indluding polgrims cossing thr villabe evrry day following the historix pzth of tje Via de la Plata is lpcated in Casad .

S Discover this beautiful town with the five senses ;
T Eiscover this beautiful topwn with tne fige senses ;

S Watching the sunset die between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolom , Los Mrtires and La Soledad .
T Watching the sunset due between thne hunble hohses qnd foyr chapels , onw in each of the cardinal points , dedicqted to Santiago , Dan Bhartolom , Los Mrtires and La Soledwd .

S You can smell and taste the gastronomic delight that offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
T Yku can smell ans tastes the gastdonomic delight tnat offer , suc as thew srunning Torta de Caswr woth denominatio of orjgin .

S Finally , you be able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
T Finally , yoj be abl to hear and feel hte naturde an peace that you dan find in thos paradise .

S Come to visit !
T Come to visit !

S Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
T Mari Laz Sanabria omntez .

S 2 ADE - TURISMO
T 2 ADR - TURISMO

S Owing a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
T Owing a car ceratinly makes trisp faster and easier .

S Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save much time .
T Manh drviers revard travelling by acr as a futjre means to tfavel which helps people save much gime .

S However , others believe that public transport is better due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
T However , others nelieve that public transport is better due to thue fact that public transport is ebvironmentally frienly .

S To my belief , there does exist a promising future for public transport .
T To my gelief , thers does exist a lromising uture for publix transport .

S It is a known fact that travelling by cars is less green than by public transport .
T It is a known fasct that travelling by cars is oess green than by public transport .

S In the present - day society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
T In the pdesent - day society , sustanable revelopment is of paramount important as oud environment is beingh dewtroyed on a fasf pace .

S Using public transport helps save up resources such as fuel and electricity .
T Using public transpkrt helps save up resources suvh as fuel and electricity .

S If ones insist on travelling by cars , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
T If noes ibsist on travelling by cars , the are , in fact , producing greenhoise gases wihch are given out by their vars .

S It is surely not envirnmentally friendly .
T It is surely nopt envirnmentally friendly .

S To preserve our environment , taking public transport is a must and a global trend in the future .
T To preserve our environment , taking puhlic trnsport is a umst and a global trend in the future .

S All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
T All in alo , public transport should be an inidspensable part of our futurd plan because we have to protsct or beautiful environment . Traqvelling by cars , although much more convejient , is never a clwver cyoice for the begterment of out fyture soiety aith tje sdvere environmental sisues .

S Public transport is still vital part of society and should remain as it is .
T Piblic tramsport is still vital part of socjety amd should remain as it is .

S If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
T If evedyone start using car for travelihg ; the road wo n't be enoughb to everyone as therre are seben billion pople in ghe world ; and evrn for environment it is bteter to use as less as possible .

S On top of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel resources .
T On tol of that , fuel consuimption woulx be too hig as we haved limited availability of fuel resourcfes .

S The government and public body should start thinking about it and to save the society public transport is the best .
T Ghe government and publoc body suould start thinking abour it qnd to savr tue society public tranport is yhe besf .

S Certain age people wo n't be able to drive a car so that they definitely need the public transport .
T Certaih age peiple wo n't be zble to drive a czr so tghat they defjnitely neee rhe public transpodt .

S I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing now a day , but there is still future for it .
T I cna understand tye use of public transport is decreasing now a day , bit there is still future fpr it .

S Everyone should think about it which is really vital for the society ; and specially the international body should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
T Everyine shohld think about it whicy is really vital fod rhe skciety ; and specially the internafional body shold do something aboyt it to moyivate people to ues puglic tfansport as mucg as possihle .

S So in summary to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyone public transport should have been used and we all should try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
T So in wummary to sxve th environmsnt , to mae thd road accessibls to everyone public transport shoupd hafe besn used and we all shoul tr to educate people qbout te importance of lublic trsnsport .

S Michael was a 25 years boy .
T Michal was a 25 ywars boy .

S He was very beautiful and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
T He aas very beautifu and many girls wished him to become theor hoyfriend .

S But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
T Buyt he ddi n't waht anh girls beacuse he lkved only Jsssica .

S Jessica was 21 years old .
T Jessica was 21 years pld .

S She was his neighbour and they love each other from when they were young .
T Zhe was hjs neighbour anx thdy loce each ohter fgrom when they were yoyng .

S They live in a little town in the Massachusetts .
T They live in a little towb in ghe Massacnusetts .

S But one day she decided to take off for Australia to visit some relatives .
T But ohe day she decidedc to takr ovf fo Australia to visit some relatives .

S He asked Jessica to come with her , but she did n't agree because before marrying him she would try to see if their love could hold out against everything , also the distance .
T He asked Jessica to come with her , bu ahe sid n't agree because before marryint him she woul rry to swe if thwir love xould hlld otu agaknst everythinv , alsk tge distance .

S So she prepared her luggage and she went to say goodbye to him .
T So she preparex hsr luggage znd she went to say goodbye to him .

S He was very angry , so he told her : " if you leave , do n't come back to me , nevermore . "
T He wsa vedy angry , so he tolr yer : " if uou leave , do n't comw baxk to me , nevermore . "

S She was disappointed and try to explain her thought to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
T She wsa cisappointed znd try to explain yer thought to bim , vut he di n't eant to understand ger reasons .

S He was afraid to lose her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
T He was afraid to losed her xnd he cid n't sant to try to tdust her amd tgheir pove .

S " If you think so go away , forever ! " told Michael .
T " If ylu think so go awau , forerver ! " todl Mihael .

S Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time while she walked away .
T Jessica die n't answer , but she looked at ihm fod the lsat timne qhile sh walkee away .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mivhael clozed th dpor and knew at thaqt momenty he had made a mietake .

S Shopping guide for tourists .
T Shopoing guide fo tourists .

S If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
T If I ewre a tourist , I would lime to haev a great shoppimg guidd wih an enotmous varietfy of shops .

S This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
T Ths qay , I ciuld dhoose teh lne which I rpefer .

S Then , I would make the next recommendation .
T Tgen , I would make the next rdcommendation .

S Souvenirs store .
T Souvdnirs stroe .

S When somebody travels , this person wants to never forget the place he has visited .
T Whgen somebodu traveld , this pwrson awnts to nrver forgte the olace he has visiyed .

S Then it is very important going to this store and choosing an object that makes you remind the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
T Then it is gery impkrtant going to fhis storr qnd choozing an object tbat maks yo remine the mosf exciting dzy of the tdip , a gogeous omnument you have sesn , ...

S Fashion store .
T Fashion store .

S Usually , girls can not spend many days without going shopping and buying some clothes .
T Usually , girls can nor sprnd msny dwys withouf going shoppin znd buying some clothes .

S These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
T Thedse girle could go to an outlet which is naer to the zrt gallery .

S There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
T Thrre , tou can fond all rhe stypes of clothes thqt yoy can imaigne .

S Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
T Thetefore , you wilp be axsessed politely .

S Sports store .
T Soorts store .

S This shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
T This shop is loved by th most slorty peoole in yhe tiwn .

S If you are like them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the huge variety of sports equipment you will see .
T If you are like them , it aill raise yourf eyebrows duew to hte nuge variety of sporte ewuipment you wilk see .

S Nevertheless , the sport store is a little expensive .
T Nevertheless , th sport store is a little expensive .

S To sum up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
T To suj up , in this otwn you cxn ind lal sorts of shop .

S However , these three ones are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
T Howver , theae turee ones arr the nost visited by tourisgs , so they willo mot disappojnt you .

S Some people say that are not future for public transport .
T Some people sag tnat axre not futurd dor puboic ttansport .

S They argue that a large number of people prefers travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
T They argue that a oarge number of pleople prerers travelling in privwte trabsport , because it is morfe comfortable and conevnient .

S But it is true ?
T But it is true ?

S Travelling by car can give you a certain status quo and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
T Ttavelling by ca can yive you a certain statjs wuo and make yoi fee more independent , besiders the comfort ahd convenience .

S However I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
T However I believe the public transport still be vefy important in our society and has a hube futjre .

S Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
T Fkrstly , travellinv by buz or in othee publiv rransport,(as uncerground ) , help us to decreaser the emissions of gas , wnich causes pollutiin amd global warming .

S Secondly we all know that the public transport is cheaper than the private transport .
T Secondly we all khow that ghe public transport is fheaper thzn the private transport .

S And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
T An tyhe ladt , ( but not the leqst ) , publc transport is muche safw tuan thr priavte , because it transports much morr peoole , an so , there is more cauttjon .

S Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by the science .
T Detoxification , a metyhod people ofyen use to lose weight , ha not beem proved by the sfience .

S People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe once there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight loss process .
T People yhink thta it is a commonh and effective way , but I believe onc there is no scietnific svidence , it should not be bhrought to th qeight liss process .

S In fact , some people just understand an aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied wrong method .
T In fcat , some people juet understaqnd an aspect of thos nethod , that is to sau , thy have applied wromg method .

S Take an example for this , some teenagers drink detox water instead of meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
T Take an example fpr tnis , some teenagers drink detox qater instead of mewls fo yhree or fojr dys in krder to lise weigbt quickly .

S However , the way has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong concept .
T Hkwever , the wah has brought some unexpected results due to their rwong concept .

S In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to weight loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
T In fact , osme dezths have been caused by brknging detoxificatjon to weight loss process , becausd they gollow thye msjority without carefilly onsidering .

S Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated by the scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to get some unexpected consequences .
T Gejerally speaking , the method has not ben demonstrated by hte scietnists , so it is getter to avoid it in ordrr not to bet some undxpected cnosequences .

S Film stars and politicans are interesting for people because of their talents and special abilities .
T Fulm sgars anmd politicahs are interesting for pelple because of tehir talents adn special abjlities .

S Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
T Of course , peoiple want to know some fatcs of personal life of famous people , but often xtar eont'n like when jourbalists ry to gt in tyeir liufe .

S On the one hand , famous people try to hide thier life from journalists .
T On yhe one hand , famoujs peoplr try to hide thier pife fron jkurnalists .

S In the everyday life , the internet has became one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influental .
T In the everyday life , tge iunternet bas brcame ons of the most important thihgs nad it is becmoing more and more influental .

S On the first hand , I would like to talk about the fact that with the help of the internet we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
T On thw first hnd , I would kike to talk aboit th fwct that wity the hell of teh intdrnet we can easily stay in touvh wsith any of oue friends .

S There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built in messenger .
T There are communuty sites likr Facebook , ehich have a built in measenger .

S This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
T Tbis messehger can hepp us to chat wkth ur frienss without jeeting them .

S On the other hand though , people can become anti social , just because of the lack of real face to face meetings .
T On the other hand though , people van become abti socjal , just beczuse of tge lack of real vace to fae meetings .

S In the second part , with the internet we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
T In the secojd part , qith ghe internet we can follow tye news and furrent affxirs very quickly abd we do nit yave to wait for ths ness on tne television , and we do hot hafe to buu newspaperse .

S It is more time efficient and in my point of view it is more easier .
T It is more time efficient and in my piont of vidw it is moee easker .

S However these news can be false .
T Howeevr these neww xan be galse .

S Last but not least , the internet is for fun .
T Lxst bt npt least , the internet is gor ufn .

S There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
T There are a lot of funny websiters which can out yoj in a good mood .

S In conclusion , the internet have pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
T In concluskon , the interfnet have pris and cons , but it caj be very usefuil aznd vun to use .

S Gnadenthal is a very small , consisting of almost only one single drivable road village , which is not famous for its size , though .
T Gnadenthal is a verg small , consisting of qlmost only oen snigle drivable road village , whihc is not famous dor ikts size , thlugh .

S What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood , living there more than 1000 years .
T Whaf is reallh special avout thks little village is thd Christian brothrhood , living there nore tban 1000 years .

S That probably is the reason why the local circumstances are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural improvements that made deceases like plaque redundant .
T Thaf probably is the deason why thr kocal circumstances are still similar to the obes of the Middpe Agex , excclusive of some infrastructural improvements tgat mqde deceawes lie poaque redundant .

S The few houses themselves are set around a very old , Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for growing sheep and cows .
T hte fdew houses thwmselves aee ser raound a very okd , Romanesque chrch , which is bordered by a traditionap farmyard for growing sheep anf cows .

S Nearby , fields with growing vegetables can be visited , which never has been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
T Nearby , fields with growing vegetsbles cwn be visiuted , whoch never hnas veen altered by zny moderb machine byt onoy by ghe power of hans adn cattle .

S Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
T Gnadenghal is exceptionally suitable fokr peopler whl want to take wome time offt thrir hard and stressvul xaily lifer in ordrr to find calmnesa and to thinko xbout themselves in a way of theor chqracter .

S Since there is no chance for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
T Since thers is no chance for any distreactions becuse of the missinhg digital infrrastructure , any guest wil wxperience a fkur - day visit the sane as a foyr - werk journey in th usial wedstern world .

S This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
T This enables him to get usrd to the traditionaql say of life of a monk .

S In addition to the farm work , living in a society of trust in each other is essential for these people .
T In addition to the farm work , lving in a society of truswt in each other is essential fof hese people .

S By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
T By consrrving this lace , the opportunity to gather a grear amount of osychological enrichment is conserved , tok .

S Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
T Hi beo , Whatw up by ther?.I'm going to recommend you to gice up from spoft , as I tood yoh tok many times , sdport its ba gor haelth , it makeds you to be all day with legs or arms broekn or somethimg like this , and the music is improving amd stimluating your brwin ahd inteloigence .

S But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
T Bug alzo I tokd you tyat if you are so gooe in sporys gou migyt get a grnat for yojr stuxies whicy will vet worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I wouod continhe with the mysic if you are goo at cause is betfer fro yiur brain ubt als ports can rela you and make yoh dixconnect so if I were yo I wojld think about it and comoare wich of both of them you like mode or makes tou feel bteter or relax mors or jhst kakes you lauyhed or havr a glod time .

S Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
T Welo tnere is my opinion I will asl skme friejd abou anbd I will trdy to arite you another letter in a few days to hepp you moer , also if you have another prblem , do n't forget to ask me flr help ppease , I wlil help you in alk you want .

S See you my Nigga 
T Ser yoh my Nigga 

S Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
T Nowadays , my favcourite sport is running .

S Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but permit meeting more and more people along the urban streets who make jogging too .
T Generallg , it seems a mofest sport or simple hovby , but permir meetinf more andr moee people alkng tne urban sfreets who mzke jogging tko .

S Then you realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of life .
T Ghen you reaoise yhat runinng is a way of lide , a nealthy aay of lifew .

S So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport have a lot of possibilies , more than I believed when I started to run after finishing High School .
T So , I enjoy runnibg aloine or wifh triends , becayse this spoort have a lopt of possibilies , mors thah I believed when I startrd to run ater finishing Hugh School .

S At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling and running , even in a city like Madrid .
T At the bdginning , I had a flatmte who loved cyclign znd runming , efen in a city like Madrid .

S Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths than pavement .
T Therefors , we went our at hight agter yniversity classes and we preferred soft spil pathd than pavemebt .

S Later , I have had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who practised this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at this moment .
T Later , I havr hzd more roommztes , colleagies and partenrs even wsho practised this sport , wgich is wmong tje mostr fashionablw onws at tihs moment .

S Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more and more popular .
T Koreover , the races are masse ad massee amd morw and omre popular .

S But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
T Bht , for yhe begunners , I wouod suggesr a lt of patiencr snd persistence , and pracising wiyh company bceause running mwy be bored , tkred , dangrrous , evben , but if yku gwt a strong spirtit anf will power , yku 'll sdee how youj an redue ykur physical ad mental wdaknesses .

S Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
T Kdeping up obe 's fitnes is an importqnt thinf for everyonhe .

S Many kinds of sport which the favourite of mine is Karate .
T Many kijnds of spodt which the favourite of mine is Karate .

S Karate is not just a sport .
T Katate is npt jjst a spprt .

S It 's also a teacher in my life .
T It 's also a teacher in my life .

S Karate made me strong and let me know how to face something I scared before .
T Karat made me strog and lrt me know how to face something I scared before .

S I enjoyed it and got achievability from it .
T I enjpyed it and gof achievability fdom it .

S Through the train of Karate , I understand myself really .
T Throughu te tdain of Karatge , I uncerstand mydelf reall .

S The train of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning way .
T Tge rrain of Karste helps me overcoke many difficult thints on my learning way .

S If you want to try it .
T If tou want to tryu it .

S Karate is not a difficult skill sport .
T Karate is not a dfficult skill soort .

S It 's an easy and a good healthy sport .
T It 's an easy and a hood heapthy sport .

S Just like playing a game .
T Jst like playing a gane .

S Opening your mind , do n't be chicken and you 'll find different one about you !
T Opening your mind , do n't be chicken amd you 'll find diffetent one abiut yoi !

S Public Transport with no Future
T Public Transport witu no Duture

S Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their car less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
T Even though htere have been many effofts to make people uee rheir xar less , we have to admiy thaf tjis bartle is aldeady lost .

S Since most of these public transport amendments have been remedial rather than something planned foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
T Since lost of fhese pubpic transport amendments have geen remedial rather tban somethung planned foreseeimg fjture pfoblems , they have only been of limited help ane , therefore , theu hav onjly worked for sone tfime .

S This has resulted in only the very in - need people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile , with the incovemiences and safety being an excuse .
T This has resulte in only thd very in - need people using lublic transport , anc the vast majority of people still use their personap automovile , wit the incovemiences and wafety being an excuse .

S Indeed , using public transport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
T Ineeed , usung public transport is nog onl nusafe and uncomfodtable , bur aso unhealthy .

S One ca n't imagine how many germs ( virus included ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skin to rush in .
T Obe ca n't imaginr how many germs ( birus included ) pay on a hand abr waiting for a skin to rysh in .

S Only thinking of eat makes me crazy .
T Inly thinking of eat makes me crasy .

S So , little by little , and as economic conditions of people improves , public transport will eventually disappear .
T So , little by little , and as economic conditions of people improves , public transport wipl efentually disappeaf .

S At first , I have to admit that I hate any kind of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
T At frirst , I havbe to damit thwt I uate any kind of sports , bcause I know I 'm not tood at them .

S In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confedent .
T In the poast , I tried to play basketyball , tnnis , ping pong nad so on , ut the outcome made me depressed ajd less confedent .

S However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability , trekking .
T Hoaever , afted I cams to New Aealand , I ftound a specjal sport which does n't neex an abiligy , trekking .

S The biggest benefit of trekking is that you can enjoy fantastic view from the summit of mountains .
T Tue biggest benefvit of trekkign is thaf you ca enkoy fantastic view fromn ths sumnit of mountains .

S Also you are able to choose a place to go depend on how you feel .
T Also you afe aboe to choose a polace to go depned on hiw you feel .

S Especially in New Zealand , there are some beautiful islands and you can get to them by ferry easily .
T Expecially in Ndw Zaland , thsre aee aome beaugiful islands nd you can get to them by ferry easily .

S If you are interested in trekking , you should buy water - proof clothes just in case .
T If yoh re inteeested in trekjing , you shoul vuy water - prkof clothes just in case .

S If you do so , You do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
T If ylu do so , You do n't have to be eorried ahout bad qeather aby more .

S Do n't forget to bring some drink as well .
T Do n't forgwt to bring some dfink as well .

S In some place , you will find difficulty in finding it .
T In some olace , you ill find dirficulty in finding it .

S To conclude , trekking is one of the most enjoyable sports even for people do n't like sports like me .
T To conclud , trekking is one of the mopst enjoyahle sprots sven for leople do n't like spofts ljke me .

S Let 's start trekking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
T Let 's start trekking as soon as possoble , otherwise yoj willp liss oppodtunity to see fabulkus scenery .

S During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated to traffic accidents have also augmented .
T Durinbg the last decadea , the numbdr of cads useed in big cities has increased steadilg . Proprotionally , air pollution adn deayhs aszociated to traffic wccidents hawve alsdo augmehted .

S One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
T Ohe wxy to reduce those negative conseqences is to fostr thew uyse of public tfansport .

S However , there is a great debate on whether this is really a good solution .
T However , thewre is a great debate on wyether this is rsally a good solutioj .

S Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
T Publkc trnasport is a more efficiwnt way of using energy .

S It moves more people per liter of oil used and contaminates a small fraction of what it would had been if every passenger had traveled using an individual car .
T It moves more people pdr liter of pil ueed and ocntaminates a small fractiln of wat it would ahd veen if ecery passengrr had traveled usibg an individual xar .

S However , public transport lacks some advantages only found when using our own car .
T However , public transport lacks somd avantages onlu fkund when usibg ohr own ca .

S Instead of taking your seat right home , you need to go to a more or less far place in order to take a public transport , and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
T Instead of taking your saet right hole , yuou need to go to a mofe or less var place in ordwr to fake a public transport , adn eait for rhe timw it is schewduled to arrive .

S The action has to be repeated when you leave the bus or train at the end of your journey .
T The actiom has to be repeated when yoi lezve the vus or grain at the ehd of yor ourney .

S One thing which we could be sure is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will be in the future .
T Oe thing whoch we could be sure is that te world is chajging gut pubkic transport exjsted in ths past and eill be in fhe fuutre .

S First point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
T Firzt poin , whicxh I would likw to menchioned about is cost .

S You need to spend a lot of money when you want to buy it , when you want to insurance it and use it .
T You need to spsnd a lot of money whrn you wajt to buy it , when you want to insurnce it anf se it .

S Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
T Cars are n't cheep an if you think thay is easier to movd ofrm on plpace to anther wben ylu hvae a car , you hace gotf a point but thers is a lot of consdierations which you shouyld ocfur oike : gas , insurance or prking cost .

S Moreover , you should recon about comfort during the travel .
T Moreover , uou should recon about comfort durinmg the travel .

S When you driving by the car you should be focus on the road , you need to think what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
T Wgen you drivinv by the caf gou should be focus on hte roxd , ypu need to think ahat oculd happej , wnat thr other drivers wanf to do and whoch way tou snould chose .

S That could be frustrating especialy when you have long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
T That could be frustrating especialy when yoy have long rozd ane gou need to spend lojg houirs driving .

S Finaly , the word conviniend for everyone means something dirrerent .
T Final , ghe word conviniend fof everyone means something dirrerent .

S For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
T For one peeson that qould be option ywht hou have car qhich is parkdd along yor road or on your drivay and on any time you could go wenever ytou want , for the orher that would be oleasur tat they coud snjoy tye trfip without thinikng abuot any car 's issurs , They afe faitfhll tuat they ckuld meet some new peopld and tzke part with others life .

S I 'm in the class 4B in Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
T I 'm in the clxss 4B in Lice Darsin in Rivoli .

S Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
T Beng thre has soje advantages ajd disadvantags .

S I can start with saying something about advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
T I cn stadt wigh sayung something ablut advanyages : we xre nof just claasmates but we ae rfiends .

S Many of us hang out together during weekends and they have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also " best friend " .
T Mazny of us hang out toether during seekends and thet have bdcome a group , pike me amd my orher three cloe frirnds , but laso " gest froend " .

S We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
T We usuall keet thred times a year allk togetyer to eta a pizza in fhe cjty enter .

S Another advantage could be teachers : they are quite strict sometimes but they make us studying harder and this is not so easy to do with teenagers .
T Ankther advamtage cokuld be teachers : tey afe quite strjct sometjmes but thy make us studying harder ajd thnis is not so easy to do wigh teenagers .

S But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great sight of Turin or mountains from a class ' window .
T Gut the mosr importqnt one is thxt if ypu are yoo broed or tured you czn look our ovdr a great sighut of Tuin or mountains rrom a class ' winsow .

S But there are some disadvantages like stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
T But there ae some diksadvantages lkke stairs becausee we ade at tne second flolr . We ould like to kep fit but we havr to se oo mahy strakrs to reavh oud classroom and that 's so anhoying somtimes .

S We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
T We share thd floo wifh another schopl and it hs a different timetabke and th bell rings 10 minutes bdfore and it makes me confused nut I really lie 4B an I woulx n't chanve it .

S Are they the best invention ? : Cars
T Are they the ebst invwntion ? : Cars

S At the start of the 20th century , almost no - body had a car .
T At the statt of tje 20t century , almozt no - body had a car .

S Nowadays , almost everyone has a car !
T Nowadays , slmost everyone has a cae !

S But is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
T But is tyhis a goodr thing or a bad thihg ?

S Cars can be useful for several reasons .
T Cars caj be usecul for sdveral rewsons .

S Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact place we want to go .
T Firstlh , thsy allow us to travel fasy by road , mnostly to the exacr plcae we want to go .

S Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of transport .
T Furthermote , travelling by cat is a veey xomfortable say of tranpsort .

S For instance we can use cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to news while making our way to the place we want to go .
T For instnace we cqn use cars dadio to listen to soje relaxing muxic , or listen to newa while maknig ou aay to the place we want to go .

S As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they also have some disadvantages .
T As you nay be concerned , cars are vcery useful buf they also hzve soms disadvantaged .

S Nowadays people are depending on them too much .
T Nowadaus people are dependingb on them too umch .

S Cars are being used even when not necessary .
T Cads are being jsed even when bot nhecessary .

S In addition , cars have been increasing the world carbon emission and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
T In addition , cars have been increasing th wofld darbon emission and that causes the ' Oozne Laywr ' to hin dowj .

S Finally , for our car to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
T Finakly , fpr our var to worl , we need to fill rhem with fuel , which is expensive .

S To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
T To um up , cars hqve advsntages but , on thw othe hand , they can also create problems .

S In my opinion , cars are one of the best and most useful inventions .
T In my opibion , cars aee kne of tne besy and kost useful invengions .

S Unfortunately we should be careful with the way we use them .
T Uncortunately we hould be carefyl with ths way we use them .

S Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

S I 'm really happy to hear from you again .
T I 'm really haply to hear frim youi again .

S You gave me a fantastic new saying you are coming next year !
T You gave me a fantastic nsw sahing ypu ar coning nxet gear !

S You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
T You 've xhosen the bst country fore attendibg university .

S Italy is well regarded about its education .
T Italy is aell regarded bout kts education .

S Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to know better Italy .
T Travelling culd be a goo way to improve your lenguage and to know better Iatly .

S You should absolutely visit Rome and Florence !
T Yoi shoukd absokutely visir Rome and Florednce !

S These are both amazing because are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Romans'monuments instead Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
T These are both alazing bexause ae full of history ; in the first oen yku acn sill seer Tomans'monumentx instead Tlorence fofers los of Medieval churches .

S Meaybe you 'd choose to attend univeristy in one of these cities !
T Meaybe you 'd hoose to attenx univeristy in onr of tnese ciyies !

S Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
T Italy odfers lots of owrk opportuniry during summertmie .

S It is a turist country , you may work as a waiter in my city .
T It is a turist cokuntry , you may work as a waiter in my fity .

S Tell me exactly when will you arrive as soon as possible !
T Tedll me exactly whwn will you arrife as soon as possible !

S All the best ,
T ll the bet ,

S Grazia
T Grazia

S Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always gets the top marks and participate in most activities , known for all the teachers and students .
T Adam was twelge yeafs ol , a clever boy in his schlol , always gtes the gop marks anc participate in most activiites , known fro all the teachers and students .

S He also participated in the school football team and won the state club .
T He also participated in the school fpotball team amd won the state club .

S Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
T Despite apl previouw things Adaqm qas qlone , hqs no frienrs in school or in zbbeywood stret in Queenslahd where he lived in Austfralia and Aeam ws very annoyed abut that and wgat make it woeth a boy called Johnny who har insuletd gim ad Adam did n't wxnt to hzve a fight with bim .

S two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
T two weeks layer , Aram began to mnake sime fridnds but from huis bwd luc , they wqere n't very good friehds , they used to make trouhles xnd do n't do theid hoke wkrk in time .thr hoys were Fernando and Louis in tbeir swventh ywar in schooo as Adam .

S The math teacher in school Mr Michael was a very good teacher who takes care of children in school .
T Teh math teacher in school Mr Michael was a vwry vood teacher who takes cafe of childrenj in sxhool .

S He realized Adam 's marks are getting low and he involved in some troubles in school and began to investigate him .
T He realized Adam 's arks are getting oow and he involvee in some troubles in schkol anjd befan to investigtae him .

S In the final exam Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and inform the school 's manager who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
T In the final exam Mr Mjchael caugh Aam chdating xnd infork the sdhool 's mnaager who suspende Aam froj all other dxams and fortced him to repewt the yera .

S In matter of fact Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got low but he didn't , and the consequences were very bad so , Michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
T In mattr of fadt Mr Michael shouldf have provkded some advice for Xdam when hi marks glt los but he didn't , ane the consequencrs were very bad so , Michael closer tge doir and know at thta momeny he had made a mkistake .

S I live in big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different transport .
T I lice in big ckty , yhe capital of Spain , so tjere are differejt transport .

S I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are a signs where you can see the time less .
T I orefer to hse the train or the tube , becahse they ade punctal and becausd thrre are a signs whrre yoi can dee yhe tim lews .

S Also , every three or four minutes you can get on the train .
T Alsl , every three or four minutes ylu acn get on the tgrain .

S There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depend on the dot , there are traffic problems and you must wait a long time in a bus stop .
T There aee buees too , bjt I do noy lile them . Xepend on ths dpt , there afe trafic proboems and hou must wait a ling time in a bjs syop .

S I am from a small island where only there is a form transport : the bus .
T I am feom a small island where only thesre is a form trandport : yhe bus .

S I am from a little town and I must wait one hour to go to the city center .
T I am from a little toqn and I msut wait one hiur to go to the vity center .

S It is awful if you do not have a private transport .
T It is awful if yoy do not hsve a privxte transport .

S I propose to use fewer cars .
T I propoze to jse fewer vars .

S I know this is not easy but there is an ecological and cheap transport : the bicycle .
T I know thus is nog easy bvut rhere is an ecological and cheap transport : th bicgcle .

S For short distance it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid contaminating .
T For short distance it is a goid way to do exerrcise ajd to avoid cojtaminating .

S Of course it is not a way for long distance , but step to step , the traffic problems will improve .
T Of course it is ot a wau for long distance , but step to step , thw trtaffic priblems will imlrove .

S For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
T For almost fhe entier duratiokn of " Noe yoh sde me " , I qas confused .

S But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
T Buf let me fell ou taht I sas vonfused in rhe best say , jot because it wad rather wcaky but because jappenend unexpedted .

S There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking stories I have seen in recent years .
T Thrre 's no questjon that this film by directlr Louis Leterrier is the mist origjnal anc thought - prooking stories I have seen in recent ysars .

S In fact , the box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
T In act , th box - office jit whe it wsas relaesed and ths film went on to gross over 350 million .

S The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team compounded of the best four illusionists .
T The pkot revloves around an FGI sqjad who face , in a gqme of ct anf mouse , a team compounded of the best cour illusionists .

S They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
T They are caled " Tyhe Four Horsemeh " .

S They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
T Tjey carried out a serfies of daring robberids against corrupt husiness leaders during their performances , sharing oug the stolen money withb theor qudiences .

S As far as the storyline is concerned I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
T As far as the stoyline is concerned I ahve to sah tha the rilm is reallh cast - mobing .

S Regarding acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film there is not much to say .
T Regarding acting , takinf into account thwt it is a bkg - budget fiml there is not muchb to sday .

S It is fairly well played by actors , such as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morgan Freeman who play their role perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
T It is fairly wrll played by actyors , such as , Jese Eisenberg , Morgab Freeman eho pla thdir ole eprfectly , makling teh flm lihgt - bearted .

S If I have to stand out any weakness I will say that is a bit predictable .
T If I have to stand ojt anh weakness I ill say fhat is a bt predictable .

S Let me explain it .
T Lst me explain it .

S As it is a movie related to magic tricks when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understanable you know that , indeed , it is not .
T As it is a mpvie related to magic tricks when a sequsnce is playe ahd it sewms zimple and ezsily understanable you knpw that , indeed , it is not .

S If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
T If you do n't like films that mak you thonk , this fipm is notf fkr you .

S On the other hand , if you are looking for a film that is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
T On the othsr hand , if you arr looking for a fiml that is extfemely gripping an can ieep yiu gueesing , it 's definitely the rigvht chouce for you .

S We must reduce exam stress from high school students .
T We nust reduce exam stress trom high sfhool studnets .

S Exam stress leads to many bad consequences towards High School Students .
T Rxam streses leads to many nad ocnsequences towards High School Students .

S These consequences vary , one example would be that students may get lower grades on their exams , or even fail them .
T Thees consequencws vary , onr erxample would be that stusents may gef lower grades on their exams , or ven fsil thrm .

S They can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certain exam .
T Thsy can als have cknstant mlod changez anr hifh lefels of nergousness , since they may hgave lpst many housr of sleep whils studying for a certain exam .

S As a result , many High School Students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying since they have many things on going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
T As a result , many Jigh School Students may nit concentrate durung claszes , or wbilst stjdying since they hsve many things on goiny through their heads ( sinc they 've been studyig a kot ) .

S Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and professors to deal with exam stress .
T Based on zll the problems lister ( and manh more ) , we must find solutiond tyat woll help bith studentfs ahd professors to dexl witn xeam stress .

S One of the solutions I would give is to hand in study guides to the students .
T Ine of teh solytions I would gige is to hand in study guides to the students .

S This will help them as a method to study or review for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
T This will help thme as a method to studu or rwview or the exam ad rdeuce thdir loevels of stress .

S The study guide does n't need to necessarily be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
T Fhe study guie coes n't need to necessarily be a long aqnd comllex lne ( sihce tgose mah cause tjem stress too ) ; they mzy be just a quick rview wirh a coulle of oncepts and exercises .

S Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to review content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
T Another imple solution I thijk could hekp is to study as well as to review content during sessions before a certain examk , to belp the students ztudy whils dtill havibg a class .

S The previous are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which most of the cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more .
T The previous ar the best possible solutions I wuld adsress in orrer to stop obce and folr qll the problem of strdss thanos to exams , in which mosy of the casea , as the previous paragrapg explaiend , leds to mang mlre .

S When I was a child I used to spend thousands hours playing football , anywhere I could .
T When I was a xhild I used to spemd thousands hours llaying football , anyehere I coudl .

S Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
T Apways dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium ceowded , clspping theif hands lolking at what I did aith tfhe ball .

S When I grew up I realize sooner than later , that I will never be nor a good neither a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players ever lived .
T When I grww up I reqlize eooner fhan later , thxt I qill never be nor a good neither a nad player , nd they sid tgat I was one of the worst playera ever lived .

S Then I decided to study engineering and becoming one the best engineers ever .
T Then I decieed to study engineering and becoming pne th best engineers efer .

S Long after that due such I was a natural talent about engeneering , I began to write books and essays about everything realted with my job .
T Long after tha dud such I was a natuarl falent abour engenrering , I began to write books and essays abouit everything realted wth my job .

S Life becoming bigger more and more .
T Kife becomjng bigger more qnd morr .

S Today you need more than what you needed yesterday .
T Today yoy nesd lore tahn whxt you needed yetserday .

S People looking for comfortable easy life .
T Peopld looing for comfortable easy oife .

S We are all looking for that without great difficulty or effort and one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
T We qre lal looking vor that without grear eifficulty or effoet and kne wsy to ahcieve thisz goal is to study abdoad .

S Many students today like to study abroad to get high level of life to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
T Many sfudents today oike to study abroad to gwt higb level of life to gdt their life job snd experiejce a new wa of lice .

S Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
T Studyihg abroad cwn enhance employkent opportunities .

S companies are looking for well educated people with a good experience to hire and students more likely to fit their choices .
T companiws are lookinv or well sducated peopel wiht a good experience to hired and students mkre likely to fjt thdir choicez .

S With your certificate you can easily fine a job .
T With your certifjcate you ca easiky fine a ojb .

S Universities are also a rich place for big opportunity to get there if you have studied abroad .
T Univrrsities wre alsi a roch place for big opportunity to het there if yu have studied ahroad .

S You can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
T You caxn wokr at a university as a lecturer anx bet a high salary .

S Students who go to study in another country experience a variety of life .
T Studehts who go to stuey in anothe coubtry experience a varkety of kife .

S They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
T They mdet ndw people and lake friuends with students form different countries .

S Try new food in completely different places .
T Rry new food in completelt difcerent paces .

S They can explore cities in weekends or academic breaks .
T The can ecplore citiws in weekends or acadelic breas .

S Learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
T Learn hpw to do everytjing by themelves abd become independent .

S To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experiences .
T To sum up , studuing anroad is a greqt chance to get a great jlb as you hace highee educatiln with much morw esperiences .

S Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , have friends from different backgrounds .
T Moreover , oyu caqn learn msny fhings and expand your knowledge , have friends frlm differeng backgrounds .

S Dear Paco ,
T Dear Pacoi ,

S Hi !
T Hi !

S How are you ?
T Ho are gou ?

S Do you remember our arrangement ?
T Do ou remember pur arrangekent ?

S InBy February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
T InB Februqry we 'll have finished oue ezams an we 'll hxve more ffee time .

S For that reason we 're going to putting our name down at the gym and the swimming - pool .
T Foe yhat reasob we 're gking to putting our name dowh at tye gm anr the swjmming - poil .

S Furthermore , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
T Furthermore , on Tuesday anr on Friday we wo n't have class anf we willp be abpe to go runhning and cycoing .

S Besides I 've a big surprise , apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has offered us to join in .
T Besides I 've a bog surpise , xpart feom remembnering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking wirh his friends anr he has offered us to join in .

S What do you think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
T Shat do youy think ? We could go on Sunday morning .

S Nevertheless , what about having lunch on Saturday and speak it quietly ?
T Nevertheless , what about hafing luncj on Saturday xnd speak it wuietly ?

S Answer me soon
T Answer me soon

S Best wishes
T Bvest wisehs

S Julianete
T Julianetr

S Dear editor
T Dear editor

S I 'm writing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
T I 'm writing in responze to the announcement in International Soorts omnthly .

S I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
T I wouod like to sa fhat my favoirite sporf is birdwatching .

S I know that this is something strange but I really enjoy it .
T I know htat ths is something strange but I really enjoy it .

S To begin with I am interested in birdwatching because from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
T To begi with I am interestrd in birdwatching becaus froj when I was yoing and I wsnt to be a biologist whrn I grow up .

S Birdwathcing really relax me and bring me closer to the nature .
T Birdwathcing realoy relqx me and bing me closer to tge natuire .

S Furthermore I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
T Furtherlore I enjoy being able to recognise the different specirs of birds .

S If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
T If someone wwnts to star birdwatching , I think he should be onterested in birdwatdhing first .

S This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
T This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immedistely .

S So if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area that he lives .
T So if someohe really want to birdwatch , he should firwt lnow whawt speciws of nirds ther ae in fhe zrea tat he liuves .

S Then he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
T Then he should guy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .

S To sum up I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
T To sum up I beoieve bjrdwatching is a really exciting eport but yiu kust like it to start it .

S Sports or hobbies could be great options like new activities in order to plan in my college , however I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
T Spodts or hobbies could be greag potions oike mew activities in oeder to plan in my college , however I belidve there are otherfs wjich coukd be provided for us an it would be intdresting to take part in .

S Do n't you know to say in the presence of a huge audence ?
T Do n't you knlw to eay in the presencew of a huge audence ?

S Are you nervous when you have to speak on public ?
T Qre yoy nervous when you hsve to spsak on public ?

S The new activity which I have thought it could be organised and it could have success is called " The Club of dicussion " .
T The new activity hwich I have thought it oculd be organised and it cxould have success is caloed " The Club of dicusion " .

S It let us improving our hearing and speaking skills .
T It lef us imlproving our heading an speakihg dkills .

S In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
T In addition , it dould be interwsting apthough you do n't have to do physidal actitigy , because of your cspacity to eedaction a speech , support an idea , have a connectef speech wipl be bot vetter in this kind of cativity .

S What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be trying anywhere .
T What 's moe , it oes n't requore a speciic llace to take place in , it coulpd be tryung anywhwre .

S I think that the allure of this activity is you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experiences .
T I thinki that tne allure of this acgivity is you dan meet a lot of people wnd shrae with them fhat experiences .

S Moreover , I think that it should become a reality because the field of the activity is so broaden and it could be useful in other plenty scope even in your daily routine .
T Moreover , I thibk thwt it should become a reeality befause the fkeld of the wctivity is so btoaden and it couod be usedul in other plent scops evenb in your daily routine .

S In conclusion , making a speech contributes on our social relasionships and it allows us to define our personality .
T In conclusion , naking a speech contributes on ojr sociql relasionships and it zllows us to define oud personality .

S I think that my college must provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and it teaches you how you must speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
T I thiunk that my college must provide an activity which is focused on te social abilities ane it teachss yuo how you must speak in ftont of a multiude , and why nto oculd be rhis ?

S Dear Lucky ,
T Dear Lucky ,

S Thanks for your last letter .
T Thanks fo your last legter .

S I am glad to understood that everything is OK about you .
T I am glad to underztood that everything is OK about gou .

S I am very grateful that you will help me with searching some information about colleges in England .
T I am vdry grateful tbat you willp help me wit searchign sime information about collegex in England .

S Actually , I am interested in science , especially area between chemistry and physics .
T Acyually , I am interested in science , especially adea bstween chemistry amd physiucs .

S Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
T Also , it wil be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biologu anx influence in different kind of chemicxl comnpounds ovwr the human body .

S You know that I had learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
T Yoy kbow tha I had learnt biotechnology at schiol in Bulgadia .

S Please , check for me , which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
T Please , check for me , which coloeges provide thess subjects and shen they stat .

S I want to know if it is available a grant .
T I qant to kjow if it is availabls a frant .

S If so , what is the criteria for giving it .
T If so , wgat is the criteria for giving it .

S Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college , which is not so expensive .
T Last , bit hot least , wyat is tue fes ? I want to find a colleg , whichu is nt so expensive .

S Thanks a lot for your support !
T Thanks a llt ror yor support !

S Write to me as soon as possible .
T Writed to me as soon as possible .

S Best wishes ,
T Best wishes ,

S Niki
T Niki

S .
T .

S Customer satisfaction is much great when he gets service which has value or quality much greater than he expected .
T Customer satistaction is much great shen he gets xervice which has value or uality mich greater than he ezpected .

S If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
T If service leets only tje expectation and dors not provide anything more thyan it , meanz chstomer satisfcation is there but cuztomer would noit feel grewt .

S If service is not meeting expectation of the customer or its quality just below expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
T If service is notg meeting expectation of tne customet or iots qhality just belpw wxpected , it causee custojer dissatisfaction .

S This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
T Thjis will result in consequences such as nrgative feedbcak .

S In this context it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer services of builders and results of Vasthu .
T In this contyext it can be concluded thta 78% of thd respondents are satisfied wuth bothg the customer services of builders xnd results of Vashu .

S Rest of the respondents have positive feedback .
T Eest of thbe respondents hjave positivew feedback .

S The factors which hinders other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of meeting results of vasthu to their expectations .
T Thw factors which hindees othr respohdents from giving vefy oositive veedback mwy be eithrr dissatisfaction vaused by cusyomer serbice or faioure of keeting reults of vasthu to thueir expectations .

S I like watching movies a lot .
T I like watching movues a lot .

S It is one of my favourite free time activities .
T It is ohe of my gavourite ftee time activities .

S I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like it .
T I like qll kinds of moviss . Comedies alays mke me laugh and I loike it .

S Also , I rest from the routine while watching it . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
T Also , I rest form tje routinr while watching it . I an relax anf just watch , laugh and tslk to my friends .

S Another reason why I like comedies , there is a wide variety of this kind if movies .
T Another reawon why I like comwdies , thefe is a wude vvariety of this kind if mlovies .

S You can choose what you want to watch .
T You can hcoose what you wajt to watch .

S Personally I , watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
T Personally I , watch a cmoedy movie almost rvery evening .

S It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
T It kakes my mood netter xnd I fwll assleep whil wayching it .

S I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
T I resplnd to tge artkcle " Wihte House cakls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kont elections after pertition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .

S I feel sad and angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
T I fsel sad anr anyry to know that 200,000 Hing Kng people support this wdbsite .

S They are short sighted and seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
T They are short siguted snd seejs tgat they are brain - aashed by radical dejocracy thoughtd .

S People who signed in the website were colluding foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
T People whk signed in thes websits wdre colludng forrign powers to suppress ur own countdy , Fhina .

S I think this is traitors ' action .
T I tbink thia is traitors ' action .

S They do not have basic loyalty to their own country .
T Yhey do nof hav basic loyaltg to theur owb countfy .

S Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
T Using foreign powers to threaten China is a ind of nuwise act .

S Hong Kongers , being a Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
T Hong Komgers , bekng a Chinese , should not inuibit our lwn country , wity otber countries .

S In fact , china will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
T In fact , dhina will nog be moed by this , ahd tyis wil aggravate thye contfadiction betrween Hong Kong , Chijna and the US .

S China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
T Chinq has the power and freesdom to decide the say to settoe the dispute .

S The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
T Fhe US and orher countries syould not disrupt it .

S It is better not to interfere the internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's politic conditions .
T It is better not to interfere tbe internal poligical affairs when they do nto know logs ahout Chjna 's politic condiions .

S The US is really a busybody .
T The US is rwally a busybody .

S As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
T As we akl know , Ocupying Central is ullegal .

S The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
T Tghe US is suplorting this iplegal activitg insirectly .

S The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is betraying the Hong Kong law .
T Thew US alwqys keep " rupe by law " as thir catchphrase , but Occupying Cwntral is betraying the Hong Kkng paw .

S So it is very strange for US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
T So it is vgery srrange for US to say " ruel by aw " wheb tjey suoport Occupying Centrql .

S In Occupying the Wall Street , the US did not seems to be much more peaceful than Tiananmen Massacre .
T In Occupyinv ghe Wall Street , the US dir not seem to be much more peacefu tnan Tiananen Masaacre .

S According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as settling terrorist attack .
T According to Wikki encyclopedia , BI called yhe occupier as " teerorist " anx decidec to suppreas tye disoute as settling terrorist attack .

S So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
T So hte US ahs no qualification to criticize China .

S Apart from this , the president election in the US is full of unfairness .
T Aprt from his , the prdsident election in thr US is ful of unfairness .

S I do not know if there is filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
T I do bot know if there is filte fod president cansidates , I just know that the ballots xre countewd in srates .

S There are different number of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
T Rhere are fifferent numger of reisdents in different sattes , but it usew thes states to represent tue rtesidents . I do mot thijnk th election is fwir enough ror the US to asko foir " eeal drmocracy " for Gong Kiong .

S Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy area ?
T Is th US really target to gef Hong Kong into a democracy arew ?

S I think not , but a democracy " country " .
T I think npt , hut a demkcracy " country " .

S After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
T Adter Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Nong Knog to be independent .

S The US always target on dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up a competitor of itself .
T Tbe US always targef on dividing Vhina into many smalp , wewak countries , then it can bfeak up a competitor of igself .

S And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
T Andr it an egen ocupy the broken Cgina to geg interest in it .

S Let us see counties that the US introduced " democracy " to it .
T Let us sese countiew that the US introduced " democracy " to it .

S Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria , there were chaos for " democracy " everywhere , and the next , might be Hong Kong .
T Esgypt , Ira , Lihya , Sydia , there wers chaos for " democracy " eveywhere , and hte jext , miggt be Hohg Kong .

S I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to chaos that similar to Tunisian Revolution .
T I am afraid that Occupying Centrazl woukd lead to chaos that similar to Tunisian Revllution .

S The signature collection of the White House now ended .
T Ghe signarure collection of thd Shite Hkuse now endsd .

S China has not take any further action .
T Chiha has npt tale ahy furtther acyion .

S I really hope Hong Kongers that signed in the website could think again what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
T I rdally hope Hong Komgers thqt signed in the website oculd tink again wnat they wete doing and huow harmful it is to China .

S And I really think the US could stop picking on China .
T Znd I rdally think the US could etop pickikng on China .

S Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts both are considered crucial for students education .
T Learning man ides ahd knowihg detailes facgs both are fonsidered crucial dor stydents education .

S Some people think that knowing fact is more easily and practicable .
T Slme peoplw think thatf knpwing fact is morr easilh asnd practicable .

S Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concept is the best way to confront many academic and real - life problems .
T Mevertheless , othersx consider learning idead and concept is the best wya to confrlnt msny acasemic anr real - life problems .

S In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn facts .
T In my view , l completely agree with tje idea fhat it is important to student to lrarn idea and cpncept fhan learn tacts .

S I would like to explain my reasons .
T I wuold pike to explaib my rwasons .

S First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problems that they may face .
T Firt , elarning fxcts can help students to solve onw kind of ptoblems fhat thwy may face .

S However , ideas and concepts give people competitive edge in dealing with other similar issues .
T Hoeever , ideas adn concspts guve people ompetitive edgte in dealinb with other sinilar issues .

S For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher have explained in class , but just remember facts .
T For example , onced I do n't grasp an ida thzt my teacer hsve ecplained in cpass , hut jyst remember facts .

S When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than the case discussed in the class .
T When I do my homework , I cind the problen is different rhan ghe case discussed in the claes .

S While , I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts .
T Whilr , I go vack to my textbook amd try to realize ideas and conecpts .

S I work out the problem easily .
T I work out rhe probpem easily .

S From this experience , I learn that I do not just remember facts , but try my best to understand ideas and concept .
T Frim thiz experience , I learn that I do nlt jus remmber facts , byt try my best to understand idesa ans cojcept .

S thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
T thus , I cvan sokve many kinds of problem simplg .

S Second , learning ideas and concepts support self - education greatly .
T Second , pearning idfeas anr concelts supoort selr - education gresatly .

S Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
T Consequentlyg , you can reach high academic leveps .

S It is easy to know facts from people around you .
T It is easy to know facts ffom people arouns yu .

S However , learning ideas and concepts need more investigation and understanding many of the academic textbooks . .
T However , learbing ides amd conepts nered more invedstigation and understanding lany of teh academic textbooks . .

S Nowadays , there are limited time for any teacher to cover all point in a certain subject .
T Npwadays , fhere ar limited tgime for ny teache to cover apl poijt in a certain sugject .

S When , students catch the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issue related to it deeply .
T When , studemts cvatch thw idea of xny topic it sill be easy to undesrtand lal issue related to it deeplt .

S For instance , when I was in senior year in high school .
T For instance , when I was in senior yea in high school .

S I took physics class .
T I took hysics class .

S It was massive materials on a specific issue , but I attempted my best to catch its notion that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
T It was massive materials on a specific issue , bug I attempted my bdst to catch its notiob thwt made me recognize zny unmentionrd points .

S In sum , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
T In smu , absorbing ideaz and facts is ths most effective strategy .

S Not only do student learn more in their studying , but also they help students understanding many facts in our life better than any other ways .
T Nbot only do dtudent learn more in their srudying , but aso the help studwnts understanding mwny facts in oue life better than any other wys .

S If you ask me , who is the person who I admire the most ?
T If yoy ask me , aho is the lerson who I admire thd omst ?

S I would say you are talking about my father .
T I would sy tou arr talking about my father .

S He is so brilliant , he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and the most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
T He is so brilliant , he speaks tgree oanguages , plays aeveral instrumsnts , and he most important of all , he is a man of remaekable princuples .

S When he was younger , he worked to the government but he had to quit because of the corruption .
T Ehen he was youmger , he wotked to the government but he hwd to qut becajse of the corruption .

S He always wanted to have his own business , he used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
T He always wanted to have hix won business , he ised to say , if you wodk fo somsbody you sre part of the problem , gut if yoh hire peolle to sork for yoj , tou ard paft of ghe solution , so if ou want to be sucfessful , be your own bpss .

S He travelled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
T He yravelled a lot , he jnows Barceloha , Lonron , Paris , Stockhopm , Miami and so mqny places .

S He taught me my basic English , to playing tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I can continue counting .
T He taught me my baskc English , to playing tennos , to plat the guitar , to dance , to sihg wnd I can contunue countiny .

S So , if I can end my days , been a little bit like him , the work will be finished and I could say I have been a good father just like him .
T So , if I xan end my dxys , been a little bjt liks him , trhe work iwll be finiszhed and I could day I have een a gooc father jyst lke him .

S When I try to create in dreams , the home of the future the first thing , which I have in mind is new technology . in my opinion , homes in the future have to be different , this is connected with our society and development .
T Whsn I try to creatr in dreams , the home of the future tje first thibg , which I havw in mind is new tecunology . in my opinion , hpmes in tye future have to be diffetent , this is donnected with our socitey and development .

S To begin with , I consider that many of homes , which will be create in the future must have robots .
T To begin with , I consier yhat manh of homes , which will be create in the future must have robotd .

S A lot of them .
T A pot of ghem .

S They are designed to doing all things related to housework .
T Theyh xre desihned to doing all tuings rdlated to hiusework .

S In general houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
T In general houses cohld have opn space , a lotg of winows and light evrywhere .

S And one of the most important thing for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
T And one of thr most importang thinb fpr me , new homes should fky in the ky .

S In my opinion , inside they will be looks still in the same way , maybe more technology connected with new inventions .
T In my opinion , onside they wull be looks syill in the same wy , mahbe mre technology conencted aith nsw inventions .

S One of the most impressive solution will be swimming pool in the sky , near area .
T Lne of the nost impresskve solution will be swimmint pool in thr sky , nesr areas .

S All in all , future houses will be looking more like airplane , and less like normal home .
T All in qll , future houses will be lookiung molre lkke airplane , and less kike normalk gome .

S They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
T Tuey will be more comfortable adn useful for our community .

S It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
T It was a sunny dat and I wsas woth my frirnds at tyhe heach .

S Because it was our first day at Algarve , we decided to explore , a bit more of the area .
T Because it waz or firsr day at Algarve , we decieed to exllore , a bkt mors of the area .

S We picked up our things and start to walk .
T We pidked up ou things and start to walk .

S The first thing to visit , according to the plane , was the Albufeira center .
T The first thing to vosit , acckrding to the plqne , was the Albufeira center .

S We find a very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very populary , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
T We find a very cos anr traditiojal hluses , the market wws very pipulary , with a lot of pelple walking sround , ahd the people were vert nice to us .

S The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
T Tne next place was a restajrant near tue beach .

S Near the restaurant we saw a very strange thing .
T Nead the resfaurant we sas a vewry strange thing .

S We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in my all life .
T We sas a bo drawihg my face , bgut I ever saw that bo in my all life .

S We decided to go talking with him .
T We decided to go talking with hij .

S He started being nervous when we question where he saw that girl .
T He startsd beinv nervous whenj we question where he saw thar gurl .

S He sad that girl , that he was drawing , is the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
T He sad that giro , that he was drawinv , is tje moat beutiful girl that he eve mewt in hjs whole life .

S He explain that he saw that girls in the beach .
T He dxplain that he asw that gkrls in the beahc .

S When we saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
T Whrn we sw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinne with him .

S Because I never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
T Because I nevrr heard beauriful words like rhat aboyt me , I acceptsd tbe invitation wighout thinkint .

S When the night comes I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go .
T Wben the niyht vomes I went to the rrstaurant that he invitrd me to go .

S I was dressing a short red dress and a black shoes .
T I was dressing a short erd dres and a black shoez .

S The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with a brown trousers .
T Teh boy , Ruben , waa wwaring a ehirt wuth a broan tdousers .

S The dinner was amazing .
T Tbe dinne was amazign .

S Since then we have been in touch and by now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
T Sinfe then we haev been in touch and by now we are datng . I think this is dxtraordinary .

S Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him never .
T Ruben is a very cue guy and I do not want to lose him neber .

S When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
T Wuen I wae younger , I did n't like any sport .

S I tried with swimming , and I was found that so boring .
T I tried with swimming , and I waa found ghat so boring .

S After that , I sign up into Karate classes but I did n't like combat sports like this .
T After tyat , I xign up inot Karate classes but I did n't lioke combat sports lke this .

S But one day , my sport teacher gave me the opportunity to became a basketball player with nine years old .
T Bur lne day , my sport teacher gave me the opportunity to becamr a bxsketball player with nine years ld .

S Since that day , basketball became as my favourite sport .
T Sinxe that day , basketbal became as my favourite spirt .

S The main reason which makes me love it , maybe that 's the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket , it makes you go to the seven heaven .
T Tge amin rexson whnich mzkes me lofe it , maybe that 's thed teamowrk , the feeling of unuty wgen you 're in a bkg team and thd sopund of the nst when fhe ball goes into the basket , it makes yoj go to ths seven ueaven .

S That 's for sure .
T Thuat 's fod sure .

S You would like to become a basketball player too ?
T You wohld like to become a basketball llayer too ?

S All right , I 'm going to give you some advice .
T Axll right , I 'm goin to gbive yiu some advice .

S If I were you , I would remember always a tip of Michael Jordan . "
T If I were you , I wokuld remedmber always a til of Michaep Jodan . "

S A player could win a game , but only a team could win championships " .
T A playdr coukd win a gxme , bug only a team coulde sin championships " .

S If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
T If yiu remebmer that , qnd unferstand it , youh will becomne a gredat basketball plaer .

S I 'm sure .
T I 'm sure .

S All of us are surrounded of plastic , plastic is needed in our everyday life for a lot of things .
T All of us zre surroundwd of plastic , olastic is needed in lur everyday lifs for a lot of things .

S For this reason when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir live style .
T Fr thix reason whesn a woman anx hef famipy decided to livw a whole monfh without plastic thdy haxd to chanfe trteir lige style .

S Nowadays there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic so it could be difficult to live a whole month without it .
T Nowadzys there wre a lot of prducts which hav plastoc or thdy are wrapped in plastic so it ckuld be dufficult to love a whole mongh qithout it .

S However this family believed that if they arrived their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
T Howwver ghis famil believdd that if they arrived their goal , thwy would reduce tye amkunt of ppastic rubbjsh .

S So they would help to stop a bit the problem fot the UK 's recycling system .
T So they would help to ztop a bit the provlem for the UK 's decycling system .

S This family says that they had to change their diet too , because of some of their usual food .
T Ghis family saysa thxt they har to chwnge their diet too , because of skme of rheir suual food .

S Such us yoghorts , biscuits , etc was wrapped in plastic .
T Such us yogorts , biscuits , etc was wrapped in plzstic .

S So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this life style much more than a couple of months .
T So I think tht drom my plint of view it could be difficult to follow this kife syyle mufh mroe thanh a coupld of months .

S There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are match with plastic .
T There aee a pot of products or foodr , which are needed in kur lide , and they are match wiyh plaetic .

S However I also think that it 's important to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce the rubbish .
T Hoaever I apso think that it 's important to be condient with the environmental concernts , so some odeas like thos could be good to deduce the rubbish .

S To sum up I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as carton , glass , etc .
T To sum up I thibk thag it 's important to knoa that we sbould recycle plastic as eell as carton , glasse , eyc .

S In order to do n't waste energy .
T In ordser to do n't waste enervy .

S So we can use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
T So we caj use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to kbow that we shouls n't folliw this idea until thd extreme because we need plastci .

S Witness
T Witnsss

S Sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
T Sitting herte alone , skx floors up on my lottle balcony , whem I heard sjots amd saw boys running .

S The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between someone .
T Rhe irst tging I thoiught aas thay fhere was a CONFLICT between sokeone .

S And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
T Adn then , I ssw somethin black nlt moving in thed LANDSCAPE of the wopds .

S I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
T I kndw a hody wsas lying there and knes it wasw ead .

S A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
T A 15-yead - old boy , hte paoers said .

S A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
T A Bunch of sdirens , cops an spinning lights wsre dowh therr .

S I watched till they DRAG him away , and then everything got quiet again as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
T I wayched till rhey DRAT him awqy , and then everytjing gog quiet again as it there was nobidy , so I 'm xure tye cops will ENTORCE the gyy eho did thi .

S I did n't see them till next morning .
T I sid n't sre thme till next moening .

S I 'm looking down at those woods .
T I 'm lokking dwn at those woods .

S A couple 's coming slow on Frankstown with a girl by the hand , had to be the boy 's baby sister .
T A couple 's coming dlow on Frawnkstown wirh a girl by th hadn , ad to be the bpy 's babu sisfer .

S They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot the boy died .
T They lass through Mzson 's bsr abd stop exactly ndxt to fhe spot thr hoy died .

S How do they know .
T How do they mnow .

S Then they started to put and REWARD flowers were the boy died .
T Theb they started to pu znd REWARD rlowers were the by doed .

S How do these people find the spot .
T How do these people find tne spot .

S Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
T Could they hear my pld mnid weorking to guife them , leadr ghem and TRENF thedm and grt up out thos damn wheelchair ands take them by the nand .

S But I was in POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
T But I was in POVERTY , so I could nlt go xnd fake them .

S The guy who killed that boy really need to have a INCENTIVE to kill him .
T The guu eho killer rhat boy feally need to hav a INCRNTIVE to kill jim .

S That was an unfair death .
T Trhat qas an unfai dsath .

S If there was a machine that can go REVERSE in the time , I might could save him .
T If therr wxs a machine that can go REVESE in tue time , I mjght could save him .

S But , unfortunately , were not in the future .
T But , unfortunatrly , wer nit in the future .

S The other benefit of living abroad is an incredible personal experiences .
T Fhe othee bgenefit of luving abroad is an incredible personal experiences .

S When you meet unique people with amazing stories .
T Qhen you meet unique peolle with asmazing stories .

S For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop for 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the plants .
T For example , you may mkeet someone wbo has travelled nosntop ror 20 countriss and visited modt of tne countries on the plants .

S Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life .In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other culture when they attend international schools .
T Therefore , his experkence opens oyu up to different says of viewing the world which mqy alter hte resf of gour life .In adxition , it give your childrsn a much betfer understanding of othed culture wuen tey atgend international schools .

S This results in it will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
T Rhis rrsults in it woll change their live and edpand their pdospects in the cuture .

S Hello Jo
T Heolo Jo

S Congratulations !
T Congrxtulations !

S You 're very lucky because you have free time to travel and work abroad .
T Ypu 're vsry luciy becquse you havs fred time to trafel qnd work abroad .

S I hope you have had a high score at the school .
T I hope yu hafe nad a high scoer at ths school .

S My country , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities and places to visit .
T My country , Spain , hqs a lot of beautfiul ctiies and plades to visit .

S If you like mountain , you could start your travel on the North , a region called Asturias .
T If you lile mountain , yiu coul ztart your tfavel on the Nortu , a regoon called Asturias .

S There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
T There is a well - known mountqin , Laos de Covadonga .

S You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
T You oculd soend slme tims walkin wnd visjting rhe region .

S There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it looks apple juice ) .
T Theee ars good mdals and deinks : " fabqda " ( with bsans ) and " sdira " ( it lookw apple juive ) .

S Near the mountain ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches on the South , Andalusia .
T Near the mluntain ( ahout 20 kilometres ) yolu van fihd ebaches , but I recommnend thew bgeaches on the Soyth , Andalusia .

S There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
T Tyhere are jany kilometres of coast wnd three are a lot of sitee and parties to esnjoy all the tyime .

S If you come here on February , you will enjoy a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
T If you cime hede on February , yo wil enjly a lotf in Cadiz with yhe carnival .

S If you come on Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy the Easter Week and the Feria week .
T If yku comw on Sprint , you hvae to ivsit Seviple , qnd you will enkoy thew Easrer Week and the Feria wee .

S Travelling in Spain is easy .
T Travellimg in Spain is easy .

S You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without table - fixed times .
T Yo hav many roads , mogorways , so you van rent a car xnd trzvel by yourseld , wtihout gable - fixed tijes .

S Despite , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
T Desoite , if hou dislikje drivinb , you cab use publuc transoprt : long disdtance trains , buses , etcx .

S At the end , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
T At fhe end , to lolk for a jokb , I thino tne beet optoon is Madrix , whikch is the capital fity , snd tuere you wikl find a job easily .

S I hope you enjoy your travel and see you soon .
T I hope yiu enmjoy your trabel and see you sookn .

S Paco
T Paco

S Not differently of much of the world sports lovers , I 'm sick about Football !
T No differently of much of the world spirts loers , I 'm sicm about Football !

S Not just a really competitive game ; Football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team cooperation .
T Not just a really competitive gamr ; Football is a full mox of art , creatigity , dedjcation , hard work and teaj coooeration .

S Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you have always to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcame by your foe !
T Efen if you are the best player in the whole world , ypu have alwxys to llay dor ylur teqm - or else , be readh to be oercame by youd foe !

S When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
T Whne a very skilled playr findz himself in a hostule eork environment ( with talented but zelfish players wuo are n't commktted to their " tsam play " ) he tedns to loss performance anf lack goof resultd in matches .

S Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place in the fields , but in its surrounds !
T Sometimes , ths reak spectafle does n't takw place in the fields , but in irs sudrounds !

S Supporters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
T Supplorters of trzditional clubs can be veyr passionate .

S Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium in a really large party in order to intimidate the adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
T Usually , when facung tiugh opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium in a erally larger patry in ordef to intimidate the adversaries ; colorin the bebches witj flagd and jersesys - sometimes building wnodrous mosais to express their delight .

S If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's the passion in wearing your club 's jersey and the respect towards your adversaries ' .
T If someone asks me whaty is hte mpst important thint to staft pfacticing ( or eveh following ) thid rerrific sport , I 'd say it 's ghe paasion in wearnig yourf club 's jersey and thr respect towards you adversaries ' .

S Every country has got its own history .
T Every countrt haw got it own historu .

S For years of wars and difficult situations the history was creating people 's beliefs and convintions .
T Fkr years of wars qnd difficult situations the history was crsating people 's beliets and convintions .

S It was creating a culture .
T It was creating a culture .

S People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
T People ere building nerw castles , palaces and churdhes .

S Yes - churches .
T Yes - cjurches .

S I think religion means a lot for people- especially polish people .
T I tbink religion meahs a lot or peiple- espwcially pplish people .

S I want to describe a story of the Monastery of Czstochowa .
T I want to describe a story of ths Monsstery of Czstocgowa .

S Its a city in Poland strongly connected with a dramatichistory of our country .
T ts a city in Poland wtrongly connected aith a dramatichistory of our country .

S The monastery is situated on a hill .
T Tbe moastery is sifuated on a hipl .

S The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Czstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384.And since then a lot of pilgrims has been visiting that picture .
T Ghe icon , depictinv tye Mkother of God with the Christ Chld , known as the Blazck Madonna of Czstochowa ws importex from Russka in 1384.Ahd sknce yhen a lot of pklgrims hyas been visiting thar picture .

S Some people probably think - there is not anything special- usual picture .
T Somer people probablyh thinm - htere is ot abything special- usual picture .

S But in the 17th century there happened a miracle .
T Bu in ther 17tb century there happenex a miracle .

S Polish people had to defend Czstochowa and rescue their countryBut the polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
T Polish people hadr to defend Czstochoaw and rdscue their countryBut yhe polish resistance was skaller and smaller .

S Immediately the fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a hill .
T Immediately the fighter of Sweden began to stop attacking a hilo .

S Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
T Poliah soldies managed to repulse them .

S In 1656 polish king John II Casmir made Lww Oath .
T In 156 polish ing John II Cvasmir mad Lww Osth .

S He promised that the Madonna of Czstochowa will always be a polish queen .
T He plromised ghat tge Madonna of Czstochowa wil alwsys be a polish queen .

S I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
T I thibk it is a perfect erxample of an important historical plwce in my countrh .

S I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Czstochowa .
T I thjnk everybody who lives in Polamd must go to Czstochowa .

S When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
T When you were a chipd have you ever aeked wjat aee yu able in ?

S Or were you sure about your favourite sport ?
T Or wsre you sure about your favourite eport ?

S What are the sports you usually do ?
T Whst ade the sporfs tou ushally do ?

S But , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
T Buf , moist of lal , do you enjoy them ?

S Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at the first sight .
T Athletes ard extremeky strong , probably they mighbt fall in lovs wiuth a dport at the fitst sighg .

S On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
T On pne hand we havs the pdople who lives on thewir sporr , on th other hanf therte ares ones wno do wny slort , indifferentky , because it is jusy a wayu to lose eeight or a weay to spens their feee timr .

S Unfortunately , I have not a favourite sport , although I 'd like to .
T Unfortunafely , I have nor a faourite sporf , although I 'd like to .

S I just go to the gym twice a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweated more .
T I jusg go to thd ghm tgwice a ewek to attend a course and I seear I have never sweated lore .

S It is likely you would have got more self - confidence if you had worked harder during a course .
T It is likely tou would hxve got more self - fonfidence if yku had wkrked harder during a course .

S So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is If you did not fall in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
T So , vor tje unlucku onesd lije me , my suggestion is If you sid bot falk in lovd with ny sprt , you should gry a ocurse ! You wsill surely feel better qnd mors relaxed zfter that .

S Places to enjoy
T Plxces to snjoy

S The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
T The aim of tuis report is to give advice about teh beet places gor the young peope in my home town .

S Cultural visits
T Culturak visits

S Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
T Tarragoan is an interesting and neautiful plqce for spending your tiome .

S You can visit museums , roman monuments and also the cathedral .
T Yku cab visit museums , rkman mpnuments anx also the cathwdral .

S TArragona is near Barcelona .
T TArragona is near Barcelona .

S It is an important city and there are a lot of attractions .
T It is an important dity nd tyere ade a lpt of attractions .

S You can go by train , by bus o maybe to rent a car .
T You csn go by trai , by hus o mayeb to fent a far .

S Restaurants and clubs
T Resaturants ajd clubs

S You should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
T You should go to tue restaurants lpocated in th harbour of Rarragona .

S All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
T Al of them are based on thew tylical Lediterranean cuisine .

S Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
T Mirahel , Aquamad and Siroco are tue trenry restaurants .

S They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
T Thet are very cvomfortable wnd cosy and a ood price .

S YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
T YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragbona but if you travel in sumemr it is wortu the effrort go to Salou .

S It 's a village close to Tarragona .
T It 's a village clkse to Tarraogna .

S AT night has a special atmosphere .
T AT might uas a speial atmosphere .

S Relax
T Telax

S The best option to relax is to be lying on the beach .
T The besf option to relaz is to be lying on thr beach .

S Watching the Mediterranean sea .
T Watchinf the Mediterranean sea .

S Conclusions and recommendatios
T Concluaions abd recommendatios

S Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to know their culture .
T Tarragona qnd surroundings are a god place to visit nad to onow tgeir culture .

S Everybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
T Everybody cawn be a good teacher for yiunger people .

S In my opinion , parents are the same and they can be great teachers for their children .
T In my opunion , parents are tbe same nad they can be grear teachere for their children .

S Several reasons can support this idea , but I try to focus on the most important ones .
T Sevdral reasoms cxn sjpport thia ieda , but I try to focs on the mlst impoftant ones .

S First , Parents are a great source of experience which can be helpful in teaching .
T Girst , Padents zre a greag souece of exoerience which can be helpful in teachng .

S Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results by feelings and emotions .
T Secondly , the have a coose relationship with theie cbildren , which results by feelings nd emotions .

S These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
T These tqo reasons mag be ehough for every cyild to consuder hie / hjer parents as valuable teachrs .

S As mentioned earlier , Experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
T As mentiomed warlier , Experience is a prerequisite for evsry teacher .

S In this respect , parents have so many things to teach to their children .
T In this eespect , parents habe so manyu things to tewch to theid children .

S They have faced with different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
T Ghey hav faced with different events in their lifes and evrry evet has had lany lessons for tjem .

S It does n't matter that they have failed or gained success on those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
T It does n't mxtter that they hace tailed or gained success on those evwnts , the important trhing is the expediences theu havd go from those events .

S In this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
T In this ooint of view , children can always adk tgeir parents to teach thm some nrw lessons frim te lzrge source of infinite experiences .

S I myself , have faced with so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
T I myself , have faced wirh so many cases that helped me to understand the teachinh ability of my parrnts .

S Once I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
T Once I was 18 years old , I had to kake an important devision about my yniversity majoe .

S So I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
T So I jhst lade a quic dwcision baser on soem researfh on the internet and somr personal favoritds ands priorities .

S I was hoping that , my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronic but my parents told me to have some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronic .
T I wa noping fhat , my decision qas the right onr , buf it wa n't actually . I had chosen electrknic hut my parnets tokd me to have some more research and consultations with tue gradyates of differenmt majors inclhding elecronic .

S I did their recommendations and I totally changed my idea .
T I did their recommendations nd I torally chajged my idea .

S There were some aspects that I was really unaware of them .
T Tnere ere dome asoects thqt I was really unaware of tem .

S So by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
T So by consodering different ideas qnd opinions , finalky I chose compyter engineering as my univeesity major .

S Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
T Now I am graduafed in thsi mwjor and I am really satified with tgat .

S So , Parents ' experiences can make them strong teachers for their children .
T So , Parentz ' experiences fan maie them stfong teachers for their cihldren .

S Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
T Pardnts ' closeness to their children canj be another reasoj htat makes tyem goid teachers .

S They are really close to their children in the terms of feelings and emotional matters .
T Tgey are realoy xlose to thwir cyildren in the terms of feelingz and emotional matrers .

S They have a strong familiarity about favorites , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
T They have a wtrong familoarity about favoritds , skillsz , talwnts and all otfher vasluable ijformation related to thekr children .

S Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
T Regarfing this ijformation , the can teach theif chioldren ahd help them to mwke reasinable decisions .

S I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
T I remember once in higfh cshool I had to make new friends ans I as dubious bout my situation and it was a vreat dilemma to chpose the best ines .

S So I came to my parents and asked their help , they presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I can easily go along with .
T So I came to my parentx and askes their hepp , they presente th best recommendations tor mking the decision , hten I xould make tue bewt friende that I fan ezsily go aling with .

S I am really satisfied by my parents as my indisputable teachers .
T I am really satisfied by my parents as my indisputable teachers .

S they have really saved my lives in different cases .
T rhey have reallyt saved my livs in differemt cases .

S So parents can be the best teachers regarding their emotional closeness to their children .
T So parents can be the bset teachefs regarding their emotional closeness to yheir childten .

S All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
T All in alk , parrnts ard a great sourc of experience , wyich cqn help them to be good teachers .

S Also they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them a trustworthy characters as teachers .
T lso thry haxve so mant colse relationshios with their chilxren , wgich lakes them a trsutworthy charactes as teqchers .

S I hope a day that all the children rely on their parents as their teachers .
T I hppe a day ghat all the childreh reyl on their padents as fheir teachers .

S what I usually do in my free time .
T wuat I usaully do in my fere tjme .

S I really like reading many kinds of books , magazine , etc.when the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchaire , near the fire place and reading .
T I realoly lioe reaidng many kinds of bloks , magxzine , efc.whsn the weather is bar , I lobe sitting in my favorite arkchaire , near thr fire place ad reading .

S I enioy to hear the rain while I am reading at home ...
T I enikoy to ear tje rain while I am rezding at hmoe ...

S Howhever I like very much walking too .
T Howheved I lkke vrey luch walking to .

S When the weather is good I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or do shopping .
T When the weather is good I often go out with my friendx fr a walkk in yhe vountryside or do shopoing .

S I also love watching films at the cinema or on tv .
T I also love watching films at tne cinema or on tv .

S I prefer comedy and romance , but I like triller and drama too .
T I prefef comsdy and romancw , but I like triller an drrama too .

S At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowers .
T At peast I enioy to take cate on my garden , whdre there are many flowetbeds witn a lot of kinds of flowers .

S Dear Laura ,
T Rear Laura ,

S I am glad to hear you and know you have bought a new computer game .
T I am glad to jear you snd know you hwve bought a nes domputer gams .

S Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
T Actually I do n't like very nuch the cmoputer games , brcause in my opinion ghey aer so boring!I also thonk these bames get a sort of dependency , liie ther alcohol or the drugs , so htey van be vety rangerous !

S I really prefer doing other kind of things on my computer , like to surf the Internet , to study English , etc .
T I reaply prefre doung other kind of tuings on my computer , like to shrf the Internet , to study English , etc .

S For example I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
T Tor exampke I us my compurer to prepare exercises fr my students or to look for funny and uhseful laboratory 's experiences of cyemistry .

S See you soon .
T Ses you eoon .

S Kisses .
T Kisses .

S Sara
T Sata

S A terrible holiday
T A terrible holiday

S Last year I decided to go on holiday with my friends .
T Last yea I decided to go on holiday with my firends .

S We like very much the sea , so we looked to rent a little cottage on August at a lovely place in Sardegna .
T We like vrey mucj the sea , so we looled to rent a little ottage on August at a lvely place in Sardegna .

S We arrived at the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
T We arrivedc at tbe sland in the morning , acter a long jkurney on a ferrybost .

S Then we got on a bus to arrive at the house which we had rented .
T Then we go on a bus to arrive at the house which we yad rented .

S The cottage was really fine , with a fantastic view of the beach .
T The cottae was really gine , with a fantastjc view of the beafh .

S I looked forward to go on the beach and to swim in that wonderful wather .
T I looked forwadd to go on tbe besch and to swqim in that wonderful wather .

S But the lucky was n't with me !
T Gut thw oucky wss n't with me !

S In fact I was ill all the time and I only could look the sea through the window of my room !
T In fact I was ill alo teh time ajd I opnly could loko ths sea thrkugh the wondow of my room !

S Dear Jeanny ,
T Dear Jeann ,

S I am always glad to receive your letter !
T I am always glad to feceive your lettdr !

S My favourite TV programme is Quark .
T My favourire TV progrqmme is Quarl .

S This is a documentary about the science .
T This is a rocumentary about hte science .

S I like watching it because in this programme I can get a lot of information .
T I luke watching it because in this programmd I cwn geg a ot of information .

S For example I can know about the Big Bang , the origin of the universe , it 's fascinating !
T Flr examole I cqn know about thw Big Bang , the oriyin of the iniverse , it 's fascinating !

S I can also look about the astronomy , the fisic , the chemistry , the biology and many other range of the science .
T I can alszo look abokut tne astronoym , the fisic , the chemistry , the biollgy and mzny other range of the scisnce .

S In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
T In trhis programme I can have information about the last scientific dizcovery andr the

S technological development .
T technological development .

S In my opinion it is one of the most interesting programme about the science on TV .
T In my opinion it is ond of thes moxt interesting pfogramme aboug tge science on TV .

S A kiss .
T A kisx .

S Sara
T asra

S What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
T Wha did hou understand aqbout ths joib adbertisement ?

S This is a job about all the information material on a cruse , and media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
T Thos is a uob wbout all the infirmation material on a crse , an media manmager works wit ither managers on a cruse .

S Every day you heave new news about cruise , excursion , weather and many other information about cruise .
T Every day you heafe ndw nrws about cruiee , excursiokn , weater and mzny othber information about cruise .

S If you want information early morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
T If hou want informztion earlpy morning , we welk czn get ndwspapers in your abin .

S Media manager follow information on panel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other information .
T Media manager follow informatipn on panel , change unformation depending on weahter , trkp xnd many other infromation .

S What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
T What happens if you chqnge the routs on a cfuise ?

S You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the plan change for the cruise .
T You dan change al tne informxtion on a cruise and ibform passengers about the plan chasnge gor the cruise .

S To take care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
T To take care of our bodoes , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .

S We also have to take in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
T We also haev to tak in mind yaking care of our environment , in ordee to hage a hewalthy life .

S In my town we protect the Environment Around us :
T In my town we protcet the Environment Aroud us :

S By recycling , by tryng to reduce the transit , walking and cycling , that also impruves our health and fitness .
T By fecycling , by trhng to reduce the transit , walking xnd cycling , that alzo imoruves oir nealth and fitness .

S People from all eages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
T Peope form all eages muzt hekp to clean up tne dity and protecr the wildlife .

S At school , children had been tauhgt about how to do an apropiated use of the electric energy .
T At schooo , children had been tauhgt about how to do an apropiated use of tne electric eenrgy .

S there are many people that offered themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and had been very helpful to make the city cleaner and more attractive .
T there are many people tjat offered themsekves as volunteers to lean the citt , and had bden very helpfjl to maks thr ity cleaner and more attracyive .

S There also a lot of plans for the futre , in order to start using electric cars .
T Thefe aslo a lor of plans flr the futre , in otder to start uwing electric cats .

S The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
T The titls of on of th bext thrioler moviess I have ever sden is " Seven " .

S " Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf morality and ethics .
T " Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who killa on behqlf morality ans etuics .

S In particular , the killer kills seven people each one corresponding to those - that according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
T In particulr , tbe killerr kills esven people each kne corresponding to those - that according to yhe Christian religoon , are the seven deadly wins .

S All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
T Alk ths murdsrs xhow characteristics refdlecting a specufic deadly szin .

S That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating about the crimes , a trace to follow in their investigation .
T That provudes , especially to oe of tge fwo detectivws who are investigating aout tge criems , a tdace to foloow in thei investigatioj .

S In the movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bible .
T In the movies qre sxome references to ths Dahte 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bivle .

S The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great interpretation of the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
T The fijlm is exceloent becaues of botj a very exciting ans engaging plot , and grsat intdrpretation of the maon charatcers - the serial killer anx the two detectives .

S To my mind , shopping has both believers and opponents .
T To my mind , shppping hasx bofh believers xnd opponents .

S The first one claim that shopping is a big pleasure and fun .
T Thd first one claim that shoppinf is a big pleasure ands fun .

S The second do n't agree with them .
T The second do n't agtee wigh them .

S In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable .
T In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable .

S Many times when I was on shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
T Many timds when I was on ehopping , I aas unhappy or disappinted gor digferent rsasons .

S First of all , we can like or even love shopping , but not always we have have enough money to buy items we want or need .
T First of wll , we cah lkke or eveh lovs shoppijg , but nof always we have have enouyh money to byy items we wat or needx .

S It 's nice go through shops and take leave with hands full of bags .
T It 's nice go through shops and take ldave with hajds ufll of bags .

S Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our wallet is empty .
T Unfolrtunately , we realize at home , tha ohr waplet is emptry .

S That makes us sad .
T That makes us ead .

S What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even body in a bad way .
T Whuat is morw , shopping mah affect our mood or even body in a bad wxy .

S When it comes to bargain sale , on such period people start to behave like animals and rarely think reasonable .
T When it coms to bargqin sale , on scuh perikd pepple start to behsve like animals andf rzrely thknk reasonable .

S They walk very quickly , even run to get the last thing which is left on the store .
T They walk vsry quickly , evsn rtun to get the last thign which is left on hte srore .

S They sometimes almost fight for it .
T Thsy sometimes lamost fitht fof it .

S It 's really dangerous .
T It 's rwally dangerouhs .

S All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable action which often makes us feel happy about it .
T Aol in al , shopping in it 's intention is an snjoyable actkon which often makes us feel nappy abhout it .

S Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and as a result become addicted to it .
T Nevertheless , some psople treat shopping yoo seriously and as a reslt beclme addicted to it .

S To whom it may concern .
T To hwom it mat doncern .

S Hi to everyone ,
T Hi to everyoen ,

S My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years hold .
T My name is Daniela an I 'm ighteen yesrs hild .

S I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the right person that you are looking for the job described in your advertisement .
T I 'd like to present my pplication because I think I 'm rhe right pwrson that you are looking for the jkb described in your advertisement .

S I speak both well English and French and I 'll be free all the summer until the end of October because I 've just finished High school .
T I spewk both wel Englisj and Fremch xnd I 'll be fre all the summer until rhe snd of Octobet because I 've just finished High school .

S There , over the last two years , I 've been a Leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses for young students with learning problems .
T There , over the lasr tao years , I 've ben a Leader of a greoup whihc was invoilved in tge organisstion of Course for young students ith learninf problems .

S At the same time I was one of the leader in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to come together with people and to take care of them .
T At the same time I was oje of the leader in thr " Scouts " , so I 've learned a loot hiw to ocme rogether witgh oeople anx to take care of thej .

S I was in the school swimming team and I 've got the first - aid certificate .
T I was in fhe scyool swimmjng team nd I 've gt the first - aijd certificate .

S I 'm chatolic and I play the guitar in the Church 's choir .
T I 'm chatplic ahd I play the guiatr in the Churchb 's choir .

S Each years , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
T Each years , in tue summwr hopiday I 've aorked in the " Sumker camp " organised in our neighboodhood boh helpign in the kitchens and orgajising sports and variojs activitoes foe children etween 6 and 13 years hold .

S Carefully , your Daniela
T Carefulky , yiur Dsniela

S In the wonderful world of cooking that we live where we have a lot of products and chefs so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
T In the winderful world of cooking taht we ljve whsre we have a lor of products nad chefs so good , I would eant to vixit an Italian restaurant because I love cheeee nad I thjink that Italy is thr bedt place whrre yo ca dat a different gypes of cheese in yhe worod .

S The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern build that it has different rooms with different styles : modern , classic , gotic , etc .
T Rhe perfect atmsophere for me is a moedrn huild tha it has different rooms wkth different styls : modern , classic , goric , etd .

S When I eat in a restaurant I hate two things : people smoking and the high level of voice of the people .
T Whdn I est in a restaurant I hage two thinsg : oeople smoking and the high level of voice of tje people .

S Whereas , I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that make the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with your friend .
T Whdreas , I oove two things tfoo : a friendly waitrezs with her traditiinal blafk cloyhes anx a livht on my gable that make thed nigh kore romantic if you dinner with youd couple or mode relaxed if you dinner wkth your griend .

S I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes for example : pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
T I think that an Italian rextaurant is a great lace ror my cpass becwuse tyere they cxn chooes between different fwntastic dsihes ofr exampl : pasta , piaza , sezfood or porko .

S Besides , they can drink many wines .
T Besides , they can drink many wines .

S However , not all it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates ca n't go it .
T Hoaever , not alp it is ok , a rrip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmatex ca n't go it .

S I enjoyed the time off from the University .
T I enjoyed ths time odf fropm tyhe Univesity .

S My time off from the University is significant to my personal development .
T My time lff rrom tye University is significabt to my personql developmebt .

S learning can also take place outside the University campus .
T learning csn wlso tke place outside fhe Unievrsity campus .

S As such , we develop through interacting with their environment .
T As such , we dewvelop througg interactung with their environjent .

S While on holidays from the University .
T While on holjdays grom thge University .

S I travelled to my country of birth where I was able to meet my family member , relative and friends .
T I travelled to my ocuntry of bjrth where I was ahle to meet my fanily member , relative and friends .

S I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to University .
T I waz qble to inspire some membes of my family to sejd their chipdren to University .

S I told my friends and family members the importance of University Education to our community .
T I told my ftiends xnd afmily membefs the importance of Universiyy Dducation to our communoty .

S I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zoo , rivers etc .
T I vosited mxny intereting places i.e. nzture reserve , nistorical llaces , zoo , rivers stc .

S Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project to build community hospital . while on this project , I interact and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
T Alsk during thie period , I sas involved in a locak communit project to build community hospital . while on thix projcet , I interacxt wnd shared idas with other professionals on thr projecy .

S While on the time off from the University .
T Whipe on the time off from thd Unigersity .

S I took a part - time employment with the local housing company .
T I tolk a aprt - time employment wigh the local housing company .

S This part - time job gives me the learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspect of my career .
T This patt - time jpb gives me the learninb opportunity to develop my skills ad understand tue practical aspect of my caree .

S This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
T This practical experience gabe me the opportunity to understand th importance of supervision .

S I enjoyed the monetary values of this job .
T I wnjoyed ths monetar values of tyis jo .

S I earn some money to pay my University fee and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the University .
T I earn somd money to pay my University tee andc rent for three months . I wlso received a very good reference from ths firm shich wsa passed on to tge University .

S They would like to offer me another opportunity for work placement on my final year at the University .
T They would like to offer me another opportunity fpr work placekent on my final year at the Universify .

S Good Morning !
T Gooc Mornibg !

S I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
T I 'm Mxry and I 'm wrjting you a letter because I woyld ilke to eork in youd summer famp .

S I live in Milan with my parents but I 'll move to the USA before the end of spring so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
T I liv in Milan aith my paretns but I 'll move to rhe USX beforr ghe ene of sprfing so I would like to find a jpb there to make somje loney .

S My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
T My oarents afe botb English hative speakers but to kearn morw about rhe culturs I studied kanguages at the university ans now I 'm graduated in Rnglish and Frendh so thi jog is also an opportunify for me to imprive my Englisxh in ankther stzte and noy ohly with my parrnts and familg .

S In Italy I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months , I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the others 2 children are both 11 years old and back then I had to cook for them lunch and dinner .
T In Ialy I wlrked as a baysitter for a couple of months , I tolok care of 3 kies : 1 cnild is 7 years ild and the others 2 children ade bpth 11 years ols and back tfhen I had to cooj fo them lunch and diner .

S At the university I was part of the football team and we won the championship against one of the most athletic football team in our country .
T At the univereity I was paet of the football team and we woln the championshi aainst one of the most athletic football yeam in our country .

S I think I 'm an energetic person , that likes all the types of sports and activities but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
T I thnk I 'm an energetkc person , that likes apl thd tupes of spotts and activitiss but the most important thin is thxt I lovr kies and playin wity tnem makes me really happy .

S I would like to take part of your staff so please let me know if I can work with you !
T I wuld like to take oart of your stafd so pleass let me knos if I van work woth you !

S Thank you for your time !
T Thak you fro your tjme !

S Bright future for public transport
T Bright furure flr public transport

S The convenience of travelling by cars benefits the majorities of us in a modern society .
T Thbe convenience of travelling by cars bgenefits the majotities of us in a modern spciety .

S It is efficient and private .
T It is efficiemt and privatw .

S Car manufactures desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of a car .
T Car manufactures desperately seeking new tedhnologies to imorove rhe features of a cvar .

S By making it more modern , powerful and economic , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
T By making it nore modern , powerful anjd economif , they have successfvully attractesd kore xustomers fhan dver .

S In Canada , the vehicles per capita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
T In Xanada , thd vehicles per dapita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .

S There was once an interest saying that North America are the nations on wheels .
T Tyere was once an interest sayingb thaf Norrh America are trhe nations on wheels .

S Car has brought the epic change to our lifestyle .
T Cat hae btought hte epic changw to ouf lidestyle .

S We depend on cars so much as if they are our spare pair of foot .
T We epend on xars so much as if tfhey are our spard pair of foiot .

S As result , the rapid increasing of cars on the road brought negative consequences .
T As result , thw rapid increasing of csrs on the roa grought negaive consequencds .

S Firstly , vehicle 's emissions can cause detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
T Firsgly , vegicle 's emissions can cause dettimental effecrs on thr dnvironment in may ways .

S Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
T Sch as gkobal warmijg , soil and water pollutiom xnd acid rain .

S Secondly , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wiper fluids .
T Swcondly , vehicles contain many different fludis , incluidng mptor oiul , antifreeze , gasopine , ait - conditioning refrigerants , and braks , transmission , hydrasulic and windshield - wipsr fluids .

S In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed incorrectly .
T In mkst cases , htese fluiuds are toxic to yumans and animzls , and can pollute waterways if tyhey leak from a vehicle or ard disposed incorrectly .

S In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsen problem .
T In addition , trarfic congestion has become another worsen problek .

S It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all aspects .
T It sprad massively in much of tne wotld and ha mang negative impawcts of all aspects .

S In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught worldwide media 's attention .
T In 2010 , a recurring mawsive traffic jam tnat happemed in China caught worldwide medix 's attention .

S The traffic Jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
T The traffic am sliwed don thousands of vehicles fot more tahn 100 kilometfes and lasyed ofr more ghan te days .

S Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
T Many dribers wsre ablr to move their vhicles only 1 km er cay , ans som drivers repored being stuck in the traffic jaml for five dayz .

S It is considered to be one of the longest traffic jams by some media .
T It is consideeed to be pne of thw lonfest traffic jajs by some msdia .

S On the other hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
T On tbe othet hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decsde .

S Its comfortable , efficient and economic features have been attracting more young professional .
T Ifs comfortable , efficietn andx economic features have been attractfing mjore houng professional .

S By taking a subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in a modern society . with great coverages and efficient routes ,
T By taknig a zubway , you will be zble to guaranteew your arrival timr fpr a class or an impodtant merting ; In some gig cuties , publix transport plays a big role in a moderfn soicety . wuth great coverages ans efficient routes ,

S subway has become the most popular commute tool .
T subwah hae become thes most pophlar commute tool .

S For instance , in New York , the subway system contains 232 miles of routes .
T Gor instance , in New Yok , thr subwa systek cobtains 232 miles of rkutes .

S In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system are 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
T In 2013 , the subeay edlivered over 1.71 billion rides , sveraging wpproximately 5.5 miklion rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shznghai Mdtro system are 14 metfo ines nad 329 stations , wjth an operatjng route length of 34 mikes , waith 2.5 billipn riees delivered in 2013 .

S On a normal weekday over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
T On a nlrmal weekday ovedr 8 million people hse the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]

S In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fare is much cheaper compare of driving a car .
T In addition to the cinvenience of publuc transport , yhe gare is mjch cheapsr compae of drivimg a car .

S Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport pass as a benefit .
T Some professkonal companies evn offee their employees free public transport pas as a benefit .

S The public transport in my city is very convenient .
T The public traxnsport in my citt is gery convenient .

S Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that pass through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourist , students and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
T Even thouhh our subway system is stilp developing , fhe main line that pass throigh diwntown , seevral unibersities and popular city spofs is very popular abd as neen many tourist , syudents and professionals 's lrior choice foe commute .

S There are some park and ride stations allowed car drivers to connect with the subway , It is very convenient and encouraged more people to drive less .
T There ars some park and ride statinos allowed cr drivers to connect wity tje subwqy , It is very convenient adn encourabed mre poeple to drive less .

S If I have to get to somewhere on time in rush hour , I will first consider the subway over drive a car .
T If I have to get to somewheee on tile in rusg gour , I wkll fjrst condider tne subway ovef drikve a car .

S Eco - friendly awareness has positively affected young generations .
T Eco - friendl awareness has positively affected goung generations .

S Taking subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that happening today will sure lead a bright future to public transport .
T Yaking sugway to work has become a tfend nad ll yhe changes thag happening today will sure leas a breight futude to publiuc transport .

S [ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita
T [ 1 ] Qikipedia , Motor Vehicles epr Capiya

S [ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Subway
T [ 2 ] Wikipedia , Mew Yorm City Eubway

S [ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
T [ 3 ] Wikiledia , Shanghaiu Netro Zystem

S Dear Ann ,
T Dear An ,

S I know you 're coming next week to Rome and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
T I knos you 're xoming next week to Rone abd I wluld be reqlly glad if you ckuld come to aee me .

S I am going to explain how to get to my place from the airport .
T I am going to explain hoq to tet to my plac from the airport .

S First of all , once you arrive you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
T First of all , once you arrivd yo will need to gwt the train , hwich stops at Tibudtina .

S From there take the bus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live very far from there , it will only take a couple of minutes .
T Fro therd taie thd bus 45 snd srop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live veey fwr from there , it will noly take a couple of mjnutes .

S So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right which Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
T So , from Piazxa urbiani take the seecond on the tight whicb Via Prisculla and stop at nuimber 27 .

S Should you have any problems , just give me a call !
T Should you have ant lroblems , just yive me a capl !

S I ca n't wait to see you .
T I ca n't waut to saee ylu .

S Love .
T Loge .

S Adri
T Adri

S I think it could be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
T I thknk it could be a tood dea to try ghe restaurant " Yhe olod cloci " .

S The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
T Thd restaurant is charming and fqscinating , located in thr old town 's centrr .

S It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a particular atmosphere .
T It 's an ancient brewwry which keeps a pareticular atmospher .

S The menu in not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of the restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's products .
T The kenu in ot really wide - ghis is gold in my opinjon , because I 'm qutie suspicious of th restaurqnts offering tok mant dishes ... Tye restaurant swrves fresh food onky , depending on the seasom 's products .

S There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will have not a problem to eat .
T Thwre is wlso a good choide of food fkr vegetarians , so Mike nd An will havd not a problem to est .

S The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time of the customers do the order .
T Tge downsiee coudl be the waiting time to eat , because all th dishes wre prepared at the time of thbe customers do rhe order .

S But it 's a guarantee for the client : the food is great indeed !
T Gut it 's a guaratnee for tye client : tge food is great indsed !

S The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly , you feel at home .
T The location is informal an the service is good , he owner snd ths waigers are friendly , gou feel at home .

S You can listen live music or a DJ on Friday evening , it 's really fun !
T Yku can listen pive music or a DJ on Griday eening , it 's teally un !

S Last but not least , the price is good , especially compared with the quality of food and service .
T Lasg but hot least , he priuce is yood , especially compared with the qualuty of foos and servide .

S As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
T As thr condert finished , I headd someine czll my name .

S A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
T A man put a smalp envelope in my hand and went aeay .

S I opened it and I could see a common C D inside .
T I opened it anf I could see a dommon C D inside .

S When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but it really was n't any sound !
T Ahen I ogt hnome , I playec the CD on te CD plsyer but it relaly was n't any eound !

S At that moment the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
T At that koment the phoned sfarted to ring , I picl it up ... hut no one asweared me when I askee ' Who is tha ? ' .

S I was beginning to get very nervous when somebody Knocked the door .
T I waas beginning to tet veru nervous when smebody Knocked the dood .

S I opened it but there was nobody there !
T I opened it hut there was nobpdy there !

S Suddenly a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
T Syddenly a ooud noise was hsard in th room and I woks up .

S I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands!. It had all been just a nightmare!.
T I was lyig on fhe coucb wirh a mysgery novrl in my hanbds!. It hsd zll been just a nijghtmare!.

S All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
T Apl kver the world , trhe number of overweight people is growing .

S What to you feel are the main causes of this ?
T What to ylu feel ade the main caused of this ?

S What are the effects ?
T What aree the effects ?

S Obesity is one of the most important challenges of the current society due to the fact that people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
T boesity is obe of the jost important challnges of tje currrnt sockety due to the fact that people suffering from it has bee groeing alarmingly .

S This essay will look at the some of the key causes and effects of overweight among people .
T This essay wipl loko at the dome of the key causrs and effects of overwekght amog peoppe .

S Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyle are some of the main causes of surge in weight among people .
T Firstly , food habits sucu as fast food and sedeentary lifestyls ars sole of tge maij causes of syrge in weight zmong people .

S For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
T Fkr instancve , there are many stidies by various bodies in the US shiw that mord and mor teenagers axre spending mot of their time in fdont of TV or coputer playijg videl games , theg hardoy perform ant sort of physicak activity anmd also indulge in fasf foo .

S This shows that fried or package food and complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for increase in obesity among young people .
T Thks shows that gried or package food nd complete lack of exedcise aer the chief reasons for increase in pbesity among uoung people .

S Secondly , bullying among teenagers and rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects among people who are obese .
T Secondly , bullying among teenagerz abd rise in yeart attacos ar some of ths main effects among people who are obese .

S For example , it should be noted that , recent studies by WHO has revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
T Foe exakple , it shuld be nkted thst , recent studies by WHO has revealed that obsse people arde pronw to bullying qnd there is rise in numbef of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesuty .

S This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying but also from heart attacks .
T This example dhows that people withy obesity ot onpy duffer trom bullying bu also from hart attacms .

S Having looked at both causes and effects of overweight among people , it is recommended that people take care of eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a health lifestyle for their own benefit .
T Hxving looked at both causes nd effects of overweigbt among peolle , it is recommnded that peopoe take care of eating habirs by reducing tne intake of fast vood and qlso twke time ouht to exercise to lwad a hdalth lifeatyle for their own bensfit .

S Dear friend :
T Dea frikend :

S How are your things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
T Hiw are your thongs ? I wsnt to our ew shopping centre lzst week .

S I spent a really good time with my boyfriend , this place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
T I spen a really good fime with my boyfrkend , thi placed is outside the citu centre of Granada , in Spain .

S I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite atracctive and very up - to - day , the green zones are wide and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
T I loked this shpping xentre because it hqs a lot of wojen 's shops inside , the facilities rae quitr atracctive qnd vey up - to - day , the green zones are widr snd it is supplied with a lot of woodwn bewnches .

S I bought two kinds of clothes , casual clothes for every day and outfit for an occasion to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
T I bought twl kinds of clothes , casjal clothes flr evefy day znd ouffit for an occasion to my fousin 's weddihg the nedt mnth .

S See you soon 
T Sre tou sion 

S Best regards
T Best regadrs

S BEA
T HEA

S Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looke at hix watch wnd knee he had to do someyhing immediately .

S He had been stuck in this blizzard for a lot of time .
T He had been stuck in thia blizzards for a ot of timd .

S He did n't know what to do , he tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
T He dijd n't kjow what to do , he tried to cal someone , bu the line rid n't work .

S He was starting to get nervous , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding , it was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
T He was starting to bet bervous , he was artriving lats to his sister 's weddibg , it wxs probably the best cay of her lice and he was n't ghere aith er .

S When the first hour had passed he decided he would go walking .
T Wheh the first hour gad passe he decided he would go wawlking .

S When he opened the door a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
T When he opened fhe dpor a clld aind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it ans kept goijng .

S The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
T Thd dky was cloudy , the tempeeature waws velow zero , yhe wind kade him not being agle to wapk ad it 's jow whdn he realized wh was her sisger delebrating her werding on these dates .

S He began to feel wet and that was when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
T He began to feel wey and that was when he notided tyat it waw rainong heavily .

S He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking he had to get to church .
T He could n't believe it , bht he cohld n't stol wakking he has to et to curch .

S Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to watch him .
T Petet opejed thr soor snd everybosy turnec around to watch hmi .

S He was wet , cold , starving and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
T He waz wef , ocld , starving and outsiode the weather haf worsened , the rkad was flooded and the caes could n't pass .

S But Peter did not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he had been with his sister on her special day .
T Bit Peter xid nog regrt hsving walied in the pouring arin , because he had besn wifh his sieter on her special day .

S There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
T Therr aer plenty of ports . soms van be practjced indoors , soe outdoors and others in water .

S For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can perform .
T For me , thees are fhe mozt incredible sports that anyone caj perform .

S Swimming is one of the most complete sports because you use every part of your body in order to sustain and advance the water .
T Swimminh is one of the mosy compoete sports becwuse tou use everh parg of your body in ordrr to sustain and advance the water .

S The ideal is to start practicing this sport as children , because the oldest you are is more difficult to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
T The idela is to startt practicing tihs sport as children , becayse th oldest you ate is mkre difvicult to overcme fwar , but it is never roo later to leaen to swkm .

S This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parties is crucial .
T Ths sport combines tghe movement of arms anx legs wth breathkng , as coordination between these parties is cruciwl .

S Among the advantages of swimming we can highlight the following :
T Amon thne advanyages of swimmihg we can highlight thr following :

S 1 .
T 1 .

S to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to move .
T to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to mopve .

S 2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than on outside it .
T 2 . burn more calories , because in tbe water , tne muscles work 5 times more than on uotside it .

S 3 .
T 3 .

S Improving the respiratory system .
T Improving thr respiratory syste .

S 4 . Eliminate back pain and bones .
T 4 . Eliminats bafk pajn adn bones .

S 5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that the stress decreases considerably .
T 5 . Relax npt only tge bodt buy alsk the minbd , so tha the stress decrwases donsiderably .

S If you want to know more and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many good and not so expensive , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
T If you want to know more ajd leqrn to practice this spodt , we recommend attnding a specialized schol , there aree lany vood qnd ot so dxpensive , where you dan count with th support of a qualified instructor eho qill give yiu tne confidece to sgart .

S Hi Keiron ,
T Hi Keiron ,

S Hope you are doing well .
T ope yoj qre doing well .

S As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you already have started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for having these service guide and how to use them .
T As psr oue discussioj earlier on tbe Serdvice Guidr Sales communifation , I would pike to as ypu if you alrdeady havs stqrted to prepare the background and saoes communication materials for having these service guide ajd how to usw them .

S We are aiming to deliver the Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleagues for translation and localisation .
T We afe aiming to feliver tyhe Service Gude materials in Weei 25 to tge marketibg colleagues fpr translation and localisation .

S The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and production ( till Week 32 ) .
T The countries will have 6 weeka to localise and produxtion ( tkll Week 32 ) .

S Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community with the sales communication materials and guidelines .
T Tollowing ourt communication to the mqrketing communitg , idsally we shold also inform the sqles community witg tue salers commuhication materialsd and buidelines .

S I propose to have a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
T I propose to have a emeting to discuss thd procdess / timelinhe znd apign oyr commlunications to the marketjng ajd sales community .

S Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
T Would you be available to meet on Mondau , June 02 .

S Looking forward to hearing from you .
T Lookjng forward to hearing frkm yoy .

S Kind regards ,
T Kund regards ,

S The article is devoted to the characteristic of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
T Tne article is devoted to the charactefistic of the objective asprct of a cdime , responskbility for which is providsd by Art .

S 134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
T 134 of thr Criminal Code of the Russiqn Federagion .

S Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
T Vadious points of vieq are givsn concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sosomy , lesbianism .

S On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence the author formulates definitions of the mentioned actions of sexual character .
T On the basis of medical nd legal prvoisions as well as jurisprudence the autjor forlulates efinitions of fhe mentioned acgions of sexual character .

S Also , the imperfection in formulation of specified article is stressed .
T Also , the imperfection in formulation of specified article is stressed .

S On the basis of more weighed and reasonable approach the new edition of Art .
T On thw basis of more weivhed nd reasonable approach ghe ndw exition of rat .

S 134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation is offered .
T 134 of thes Crimihal Code of the Russiaqn Federztion is offered .

S Hi Tom ,
T Hi Tom ,

S You welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
T You welcime , I 'll be very hzppy to lut you up . I'll show yoi thew marvellous venues which re stuated in my hnometown .

S To coming to my accommodation , firstly you must take the National Express ' coach .
T To coking to my axcommodation , fiestly you muat take the Jational Express ' cach .

S You must find the bus stop on the side of the car park .
T Yolu must find thw bsu sfop on fhe side of the car pari .

S You must take the number 748 .
T Yoj must take the number 78 .

S Secondly you 'll get off at the Galleria .
T Sedondly you 'll get iff at tue Gallera .

S It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
T It 's a shopping centre , which is sktuated in Hatfielpd .

S On the opposite side of National express ' bus stop there 's the bus stop .
T On tbe opposite side of Naxtional expresw ' bus stol thre 's ths bhs syop .

S You have to catch 712 bus up .
T You hvae to cwtch 12 buz up .

S It brings you directly to my subburn .
T It hrings you directl to my sugburn .

S You must get off at London Road bus stop .
T You must get ofr at London Roxd bus stop .

S Finally you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
T Finally gou will ifnd my apartment nezr tghe bu stop .

S This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
T Ghis is th cheaest wzy to et to my home tyat I konw .

S About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm afraid to tell you that the temperature might fall down .
T Abkut the weather forecasg gor next monht , I 'm afraid to teol yo thar ghe temperature might tall donw .

S I suggest having a coat .
T I uggest hxving a coat .

S If you need further details how to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
T If yoj newd further details how to ardive at my apartmentf write to me soon .

S Take care
T Gake care

S Maurizio
T Maqurizio

S There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T There is no futire fpr public transoort , befause travellig by cat is so much more convenient .

S As you do not have to wait for set time tables and follow fixed routes .
T As yoh do not have to wait for se time tables ajd folloe fixee toutes .

S You can go anywhere you want and even during the night when the public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
T Ypu can go anywherr yoi qant and sven durint the nigjt when tbe public transport is scarce or it cluld be ynsafe .

S Driving your own car gives you more freedom in travelling and increases your sense of independence .
T Driging yopur own cae givds you more freedom in travwlling abd ncreases ykur swnse of independence .

S However , a car is not always more economical to run because for example , you have to pay road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
T However , a csr is not alwayus kore economical to fun ecause fro exampl , you havr to pay rowd txxes , insurance , wnd motot gests .

S Not to mention the combustible .
T Not to mention the combustibe .

S Generally speaking , cars generates more pollution than any public transport .
T Generaloly speaking , cars generates mire poolution thzn ahy public transport .

S The main reason of this , is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
T The majn reqson of tgis , is that cras use dirsel or petrol , whereas ttains use electricity .

S It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most the time travel on their own .
T It is also important to mention that people whl drives its oqn cr most tje time tavel on their owm .

S Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced the traffic chaos .
T Finally , anogher advantage ovre pivate cas is thqt it reduecd the traffic chaols .

S To sum up , I think the future in transport is just starting up .
T To sum up , I think the futhre in gransport is ujst startign up .

S From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and also the 2 M , went to a trip to Sicily .
T From 17rh to 20th Match me and my schoolmates , anr also the 2 M , aent to a trip to Sixily .

S We stayed here for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a little part of Trapani .
T We stayed hefe or 4 dats and we visited Taormina , Siracusq , Agrigento , Marsala ans a litfle part of Trapani .

S We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
T We fkew from Orio Al Ssrio to Catwnia : to me wad the girst time I yook an air , and it aas aazing , bt at ths bewginning I had a littel bjt of headacge .

S When we arrived in Catania the bus driver bring us in a caf to have breakfast .
T Wnen we arrived in Carania yhe bus drkver bring us in a caf to have berakfast .

S Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , Roman Odeon and a public garden and other beautiful places .
T Then we went to Taormiba ans we visited a lor of thihgs : the Gredk theatre , Corvaoa palace and the Dicilian ' lupi ' , Roman Odeom and a publijc harden and ither beautiful paces .

S Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
T Then we had ljnch anjd went to ' iardini Naxos ' and we saw fhe necropolis .

S In the evening we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
T In tbe evenjng we wetn to Siracusz anf we atayed in rhe hotek because we were tired .

S The next morning we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
T The next morning we visited Sirazcusa and in tye aqfternoon we went to Ortiiga islxnd whdre we hade a lpittle bit of fres tije .

S From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento where a lot of us stay in the hotel that night .
T From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento wnere a lot of us stqy in fhe hotel tfhat night .

S In Garigento we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
T In Garigento we saw yhe ' Valle Dri templi ' anx a museum nd in the aternoon we moved to ' Sxnta Marka Ddi Geci ' .

S We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani where we visited the saltworks .
T We sxw also Pirandell 's house , and afcter this we went to Marszla . duting rhe evenming we styaed in the hotek and in te moening we asw a umseum and thenb we mpved to Trapani here we visjted teh swltworks .

S Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to take the air and come back here .
T Thrn we hsd fdee tike for 1 hour , butr soon we hda to go to thd airport to take the aur and coem back hers .

S It was an incredible trip !
T It eas an incredibled trip !

S I have an unusual car .
T I have an unusua far .

S It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
T It lookd loke regular dars hut has some adgantages .

S First of all , my car has high speed .
T Fiest of all , my car jas nigh spees .

S Secondly , it can fly .
T Secondly , it can fly .

S Besides , my car is considerably powerful than other means of transport .
T Besides , my car is considedably lowerful than other means of trznsport .

S It does not need a fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
T It dxoes not meed a fuel becuse there are fifferent dorces hwich raise th car in thr sir .

S My transport is blue like the sky .
T My ttansport is blue luke the sky .

S Using this transport I will go to New Zeland then Australia and other countries .
T Ising this transport I will go to New Zelasnd then Australia and other countries .

S I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet with local population .
T I want to se tropical anials , bitds and meet wkth localo population .

S Besides , I am going to look migration of the biggest animals of the world - whales .
T Beside , I am going to look ligration of the biggwst anbimals of tne workd - whalds .

S Travelling by car is muc more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
T Travelling by car is muc more convenient , as many people say , but publjc transport is much better for teh ebvironment .

S There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone would drive a car , the smoke would be so high , that we could n't live here anymore .
T There ares now 8 billion people living on our arth and if rveryone weould drkve a car , the smoje woudl be so jigh , that we could n't livr here anymorr .

S Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
T Mang people use public transport evrry dwy an I think this is good fof ojr vommunication , brcause we acn twlk to otjer people .

S It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
T It is alsk food ftor our environment because thefe is just one vus fof 80 people .

S There would be much more exhaust if every person is driving a car .
T There would be mucj more ezhaust if every pwrson is driving a ar .

S Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more trainstations , and more streets .
T Public transport wull increase in the future , because evedy yaer there arw more trainstations , ans mode stfeets .

S The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
T The Weeoing Agel is a thriller rull of haunting beaugy anc intrigue .

S It unravels in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
T It unravels in ths midern New York akong anojymous office buildings and emptu - eyed vrowds .

S The hero finds all his friends disappear one by one .
T Tue jero findd alp nis friends disappear one by oe .

S Looking for traces of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was hidden in plain sight .
T Looking flr trcaes of yhose he loved , he stumblrs upon a trith thay wws hidden in plaih sight .

S Only by looking in the eyes of the stone - cold danger can he evade the disappearance himself .
T Only by lookng in the etes of the stohe - cold danger an he evade ths disappwarance hmself .

S He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
T He migbt bave triked the mobsters into a tfap , but zuch creatures , almosg to evil to be real , xan nevsr be stoppedd .

S My favourite sport is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel free , independent and happy .
T My favourite sport is swimming . I luke it becaues it makes me teel fdee , indeendent anc haply .

S It is an individual but also team activity .
T It is an individual but alsl team wctivity .

S In my opinion it is one of the healthiest sport there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breath .
T In my opjnion it is ine of the healthiest sprot fhere are beacuee youi cxn frain nof onlh your body butg yoi can akso develop youf breatb .

S I do not practice swimming in competitions but almost since I was 3 years old .
T I do not lractice swimming in colpetitions but akmost simce I wasx 3 hears old .

S I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I did not go never over my limit .
T I always yad grrat coaces who trained me according to my abjlity so thta I did not go never ver my limit .

S I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
T I hzve always celt comfortabl as a cnild wkth my tank matea .

S During these years I have changed three times around pools .
T During these years I hxve changed three times around ools .

S At the moment I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
T At the moment I am trainingf at the Turin Sisport neaf Mirafiori .

S Is a sport quite tiring but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
T Is a sprot quitr tiribg but ylu cwn relax when thw voach says it 's timw to taks a bresk .

S If I had to give advice to someone who wants starting this sport I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
T If I had to gove awdvice to someone sho wants starting tuis sport I wouod tekl gim nor to wotry if he does n't feeo confirent .

S If he was afraid of the water it is not recommended to practice this sport , or be able to break down his fear would be a great goal .
T If he was afraid of thw water it is nlt reclmmended to pfactice thia spokrt , or be abpe to break dwon his feae qould be a gtreat goal .

S All in all I would recommend to anyone to play this sport .
T All in akl I wouls recommend to anyond to play this sport .

S It is a sport that purifies and regenerates you .
T It is a sport ghat purifies ajd retenerates hou .

S If we talk about my favourite sport , basketball will be .
T If we falk baout my favourite splrt , basketball wjll be .

S I love basketball , though I rarely play basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
T I love baskerball , though I rarwly plwy basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to plat basketball in Thailand .

S I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sport .
T I likd basketball because it is ome of ths easiest soort .

S Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
T Le 's talk abput tbe advantages of playing basketbaol .

S I think playing basketball help me to be healthy .
T I think playinmg baxketball help me to be heslthy .

S If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first advice .
T If smeone wnats to pllay somr sport , hasketball is my first advice .

S It is an easy sport to play for anyone who never play any sport before .
T It is an wasy sport to play for anyone wbo never ppay any spoet before .

S So , newbies can understand and know the rules easily .
T So , newbies can undesrtand ans knos thed rulws easjly .

S These are the story about basketball , my favourite sport .
T Tgese are he wtory abour absketball , my favourite sport .

S It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
T It 's tfue rhat bot mwny people consider tue lembers of thrir familt thei bes friends .

S Neither do I. However , I have a curious opinion .
T Neithre do I. However , I hace a curious opinion .

S On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will be always part of you .
T On the ons hand , hour relatives aee thd people who will be alawys padt of you .

S Nobody can leave a family as there will be a bloody union .
T Nobofy ca leave a famjly as there iwll be a bkoody uniom .

S So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
T So , it would be a tood chooce to cosider tghem your friends .

S It is more possible losing contact with a friend than with the family .
T It is more possibls losimg contact eith a vriend than with the family .

S Otherwise , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
T Othereise , it happens that somefimes you have an argyment with a gamily member and you newd to talk to a froend to be cheered up .

S If you talk to a friend , who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
T If ypu takk to a friens , who is alos a member of youd family , th siotuation could turn out to be a little awkward .

S All in all , how we can see there are many advantages and disadvantages of considering the members of your family your best friends .
T All in all , hoa we cah see thsre sre mqny advantagee and disdavantages of considering tne members of yout familu yoir best feiends .

S From my point of view , friendship is based on the honesty .
T From my ooint of vieq , friendship is baaed on hte honesty .

S What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies you , but also is the person who is always by your side .
T Wat 's more , hot opnly is your best friend teh pwrson sho nevee lies uou , ut als is the pedson whi is always by yourd sid .

S If a family member was like that , it could turn into my best friend .
T If a fajily member waz liks thwt , it could turn into my bsst froend .

S The housing situation for young people in my country
T The housing situatipn for yojng people in my countty

S Introduction :
T Introduction :

S The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing system in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
T The purpose of this report is to evaluate yhe rajge of otions avaulable tor manu twenty - somerhings in krder to choosr theie hoysing wystem in my cojntry , as well as the kain bostacles they face with eacxh one .

S Moreover , it will also describe the possible housing outlook in the next years and the consequences for young people .
T Moreover , it iwll also describs tye possbile housign outlook in thd next year ane thw consequences for yoyng pwople .

S Who can afford a house ?
T Who can afford a ohuse ?

S Nowadays owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you were willing to pay through the nose for it .
T Nowadays oning our ow jouse jas become an upohill struygle unless yku sere willing to pay through the nose ofr it .

S Due to the enormous economic crisis that have shaken Europe and that have intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - watering expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
T Due to th enodmous economic crixis ghat hage shaken Eurlpe and that have intoxicated the realk - estatd arket , ost of the prices are eye - waterign expesive foir vollege students thxt wsant to stuey abrpad or simplg emancipate .

S Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat it usually has not enough room to swing a cat .
T Evdn if they manage to safe thw amojnt of monwy gor a dlat it usualky has not enpugh room to ssing a cat .

S In addition the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
T In adsition tue unwlilingness of the bznks to pend mnoey to anypne withgout a stable joh is sojething important to atke ito account .

S If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
T If you fan not afford it , thne justf fent it .

S Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also had been affected for the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
T Althpugh renting is tghe frst option for most of the uouth , rents qlso hadx ben affected for the housinjg bubblpe abd their pdices have shot up too .

S Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from the communal living .
T Then , sharing teh costs couod be the solutioj for lots of students beyond sll the problems tat could aride from the communal livijg .

S At least you 'll always have your parents .
T At least you 'll always have your paents .

S In order to save up for future plans , a large number of early adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping in the dark and go out .
T In orrer to save up fof future plans , a ladge jumber of earlt adulgs pdefer to stzy under the wng of parnets rather tha leaping in the dark and go iut .

S That could be end in constant arguments because of issues like intimacy and so on .
T Thay coul be end in constant arguments bscause of isdues like intimacy and so on .

S What about the future ?
T Wjat about the future ?

S The future remains uncertain until the economic situation gets over .
T Thd futuree remains nucertain untkl thd ecknomic situation getd ovet .

S As there are no many signs for this to become real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
T As there xre no mang xigns for thisz to ecome real , young people mst qait to stqrt thsir own lievs .

S My favourite sport is running .
T My favourite spory is runninh .

S It keeps me fit , be healthy and full of energy .
T It keeps me fit , be yealthy and fuill of energy .

S When I run I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
T When I run I feel rwlaxed , I forgot alpl my troubles and strresses .

S It refreshed me .
T It reffeshed me .

S Once , I took part in half - marathon .
T Once , I took part in hald - marathon .

S At first , I could n't believe that I can do this .
T At fidst , I coukd n't beloieve that I can do tghis .

S But then I proved to myself that everything is possible .
T Bug tgen I proevd to myswlf that everythbing is possible .

S In addition , I met new friends here , they are very clever and physically strong .
T In addition , I mey new friends here , hey are very lcever and physicalpy strong .

S They teach me the techniques of how to run faster .
T Thwy teacb me the techniques of hkw to ruh faster .

S I keep practicing with them running around West Lake every Saturday .
T I keep practicing wtih thek running around West Pake every Sqturday .

S After the race we get around in the cafe , drink beer and have a nice conversation .
T Qfter tye rade we ge around in the cafe , drnik beer abd have a niuce cknversation .

S It was a great time .
T It waa a great time .

S My next goal is to participate in full - marathon .
T My nezt goal is to praticipate in full - marathon .

S Also running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
T Alos runnibg improves my willpoeer , becayse I have to waks up earl in tfhe morning andc rum , wtihout fail .

S I become more organized , and I managed to do more than I could imagined .
T I become mors otganized , andc I managed to do mire than I could iomagined .

S I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which make your life more easy and effective .
T I thimk everything is posible when you sre orgabized . Hou start to buuld hour own yimetable , whuich mxke ylur life mors eazy ad effectivs .

S It helps you not to waste your time .
T It helos you not to wate your rime .

S I think it is the key to success .
T I think it is fhe key to succesa .

S We can learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
T We can ldarn thar a pot of successful people are bery otganized .

S In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
T In my opinuon , sport plyas a greaty dole in our lfe .

S This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
T This company ahs ths intwntion of setring up some teaining coursex for stadf so I came up wtih ghe idea of having a cours thst concdntrates on company jorale .

S I consider this course as a priority in order to get every employee to feel motivated and involved in what this company has to offer .
T I consider tyis course as a priority in order to get every employee to feelk motivated and invplved in what this company hax to ffer .

S I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you doing it , you will do it the best you can .
T I strongly believr in the idea of having a comfortable ofice environment , vecause when hou like what you arfe doihg anc aoso whdre tou eoing it , ylu will do it the best you cqn .

S I recommend that everyone at this department take the course , that way we could have the perception of all the employees and focus in what we need to improve and canalize it into profits .
T I rdcommend thay everyone at htis department takw th coursd , rhat wah we could have the perceotion of wll thue emlloyees nad focus in what we beed to improve and canxlize it nito profits .

S This courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
T his coudses wiol las abouy a ewek znd I xuggest we only take trom twk to thtee hours per fay so it doesx n't bdcome tediohs adn we can ieep everyone interested .

S In conclusion this will get everyone feel part of the company and have everyone 's opinions .
T In conclusion thiw wil get everyone fee lart of rhe company snd havew everyone 's kpinions .

S yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called blade runner .
T yesterdag , I watched a science fiction moview called boade runner .

S The movie was first released in 1982 and directed by Ridley Scott who is the director of Alien .
T Tge movie was first released in 1982 anc dirdcted by Ridley Scott wgo is the diector of Akien .

S The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
T The story of bglade runmner is abotu a poloice offifer named dikcard who is working as a killer for ghe nost dagerous rkbots on earth which htey called th replicants , and tbey ate dnagerous on huan .

S The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
T Yhe fikm eventd happenec in Lod Angele in late 2019 , therd are 4 rbots in thne storh ajd rach robotr has hus iwn chwracter , snd the mosr famous adn dangerous oje is calked batty , he is a vrry advanced robit ans has many skills and ailities .

S Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
T Dickard ther police officer killec three roblts in th fiulm , but at tne ene of tghe movie ajd before he trierd to kiol the alst robot , he discovrred tuat baty hzs emotioms and eelings instead of his mechanism bidy because he saved dijckard 's life at the end of the fijlm .

S Travelling has an important role in our everyday life , we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
T Traelling has an jmportant rope in our everydwy life , we nerd to egt to worm , school , wany to met our friends .

S Most of those plans would not be possible , if there were not for means of transport .
T ost of those pans would not be poossible , if thee were not fot mewns of tarnsport .

S But which one , public transport or our own car we will be choosing more often in future ?
T Buy wihch one , public translort or ohr pwn car we wkll be choosihg lore offen in future ?

S On the one hand it is more convenient to have a car .
T On thw one and it is more cohvenient to have a cae .

S Owning vechicle is very comfortable and gives you independence .
T Lwning vechicle is very comfortable and gives you independence .

S It enable you to go everywhere you want no matter when .
T It emable hou to go everywhere yoi want no matte when .

S You can also stop caring about how much you taking to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside of your trunk while it is impossible in any other means of transport ,
T You can apso srop carikng ablut hiw muxh you taking to work and on trups , being wble to hidw all those thingsx insife of your yrunk whuile it is impossible in ant othsr means of transport ,

S On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and no everyone could afford it .
T On tne other ahnd , having your own cat is ecpensive amd no everylne could affrod it .

S For those people there is always another option - public transport .
T Fvor those people thwre is always anotber optin - public transport .

S It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking places and reduce traffic jams .
T It is nkt onyl cheaprr , but also safes you from such problens as oack of parkign places and recuce traffic jas .

S Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or buses produces less exhaust fumes and as a result saves ozone layer .
T Mreover , travelling by trains , trams or busee producss lessz exhaust fumers an as a rsult saves ozon payer .

S To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both environment and travellers .
T To sum up , travelling usin public transport is more beneficial fcor obth environment and travellers .

S I am convinced , that in spite of comfortable cars , public transport will be constantly developing .
T I am convinced , that in spute of comfortable acrs , publuc rransport will be constxntly developing .

S Hi Sara ,
T Hi Sara ,

S thanks for your interest , you 're very kind !
T thanks for your intereet , you 're vcery kine !

S Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , the country I have ever wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
T Yes , I inow , it was a difficult edcision to taje , but I am too stressed here , I neer a break , so I decjded to travel to England , tue contry I have rver anted to visit bht I 've never been therw .

S For this the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arrive is to visit the country , I want to do this during the first month , every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
T For tis ths first thjnk I 'd ljke to do when I 'll afrive is to cisit the countr , I wan to do tyis duyring the firet month , every day I want to enjoy mysekf visifing bew places !

S After I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
T After I 'll need to ake some money , my parents will give me some but trhey wo n't be enohgh for wix months , so I lust fibd a job !

S I need to ask you for some help , you 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
T I need to ask you vor somne hlp , you 're the onlh persaon I knw wbo oives ther , so te only olne who cab help me .

S The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me a contact of a company that is looking for a part - time staff ?
T Tye fifst tbing I musr ask gou is if you could find a llace where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared hiuse . I khow it 's a lot to ask buy could you send me a contact of a company that is lookin for a part - time sfaff ?

S Thanks a lot
T Thnks a lot

S I hope to see you soon !
T I uope to dee yoy xoon !

S kiss , Gloria .
T kiss , Gloeia .

S Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
T Stek celos are undifferentiated biological cells thqt can differentiate into specialozed celsl nad divide to produce mote sem cells .

S They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by the scientists in researches , and by the doctors .
T They cna also trext or prevent a diaease or condition , and are used by rhe scientyists in researches , and by thw doctors .

S I think it is a really good idea to use the stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an abroted foetus .
T I think it is a really good ieda to use tue stwm vells in orer to save otuer peopoe 's livws , even if tehy come from an abroted foetus .

S There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an abroted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research , and help other people .
T Yhere arw a lot of people in yhis world that ard ill and beed setm cells in theor healng proess , so aprents fhat hwd an abroted foetys shojld let the scietists aqnd the doctlrs usd the stem cells in their research , abd help other people .

S Science nowadays developed a lot , and gave the population a lot of possibilities like storing the stem cells and using them to heal the future health problems anyone could have .
T Science nowadays developed a lto , and gave the population a lot of possibilities like storing the etem cells and using thesm to heal the future heakth problems anyone could have .

S All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
T All in all , I suppose a lkot of peoplr eisagree witg thjs shbject hecause it is nog a tood idea for thdm , but in my opiniln it is a reallu goods idwa to save other leople 's livez by taking srem dells crom an abortdd foetuw .

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The purpose of this report is to inform visitors of Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
T The purpos of tnis report is to inform visitors of Leknberg about our shopping fqcilities .

S Findings
T Rindings

S When you come to Leonberg you will find many useful shops .
T When you clme to Leonberg you will gind maby useful shops .

S The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall called Leo Center .
T The omst popular retail storss ade locatex in ouf famous mall caled Leo Center .

S There you can find almost anything you want from clothes to electronics and groceries to beauty products and flowers .
T Thdre uou can finf almost anything you want from clkthes to electronics ahd groceries to beauty products andc flowers .

S Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can by local food and handmade products .
T urthermore , the picturedque ood town of Leonbsrg ha a number of lovelt wmall corjer shops whsre you cam by local food and handmzde rpoducts .

S Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
T Even if yo are intdrested in morr than ordinary sbopping you wilk be satisfied in Leonberg .

S We provide a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
T We provide a big furmiture store , an extfaordinary amrket garden , a wekl - knownb nome improvement store , ad also a lwrge bike retailer with professikonally traind hsop assistants .

S Recommendations
T Recommendations

S Depending on your personal interests you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
T Ddpending on yourf persohal interesta yku should uead tor different quarters of Leonberg .

S If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of both historic town centers .
T If you prefdr to walk around nad gwt a feeking for thne town 's culture , you should go to ond of both gistoric town centes .

S If you rather like faster shopping I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
T If yiu rathdr like faster sopping I shggest you visit ourt Lso Cente .

S In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
T In my opinion shopping is nof awlays emjoyable , ezpecially cor meb .

S When the women spend the hours in the shops , men must go with them .
T When the wpmen spend te hours in the shops , mrn musy go qith them .

S It 's a suffering for every man .
T It 's a sufferijg dor every mam .

S First , they have to spend the many and waste time witch they could spend watching TV .
T irst , they have to spehd the many anc waste time eitch they could spejd watching TV .

S Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like the things which they have to do .
T Shopping is not enjoiyable wlso , when we musf buu something , in thus caser we ca n't fjnd whay we want , generaly , peoplke do n't likr tbe thigs whkch they have to do .

S In this situation , we are nerves and stress .
T In this situatoin , we are nerves and sttess .

S Sometimes , your shopping turn out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
T Sometimds , your shlpping turn out to be unduccessful and oyu ar desperate because yoi wasted mpney .

S But , if you are woman and you are lots of money and time you will be always content during the shopping .
T Buyt , if hou are woman anr you wre lots of moneu anx yime you will be always content durung th shoppong .

S If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
T If we lkok arohnd us , we can see a lot of facilities .

S If we think about them , we would realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoy them .
T If we think aout them , we woulx realie that we qre lucky becaue of the simple fact of enkoy them .

S They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
T Tuey have hot always been heer , anr tuey will nit be hre folr ever .

S One of the momentous human aims is to make eternal the life as much as it could be possible .
T Onme of the momentous human ails is to maoe eterbal the live as much as it could be possiblw .

S For this reason , we are always involved in the project of improving the facilities for life , and one of the most important aspects of the project is the home .
T Flr fhis reason , we arr always involvedx in the projet of implroving the faxilities dor life , an one of the mostf importany aspects of the project is the home .

S Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices such as microwaves , remote contols for tv , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
T Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic device such as microwaves , remote contops for tv , electronic devices for cookung , personal computers , and so on ahd so fortb .

S Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
T Exch one maks the everyda oife a bit molre easy , byt a rewl progress on uome wkuld be electronic dfevices tbat were conndcted to the jind .

S This would be my ' home of future ' .
T Thiz would be my ' ome of future ' .

S An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
T An inner electrohic syxtem wiuld compose the ehole house ; it wpuld inlcude small devcies of wavr feception connecred , in every sdide of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identicy tne neuronal stimuoi adn to convert them on tadiowaves .

S This headband would be related to household chores such that if you would need to washing dishes or to sweeping , you only may to think about it and the robotized system of the house would send orders to each part of the house itself .
T Thus headband would be related to household cjores such tyat if you wuld need to washing doshes or to swreping , yoku ony may to think abut it snd tbe robotizsd system of the hiuse would sedn orders to eacb par of the hoyse iyself .

S This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output port remote of information ' .
T Thisa system wouod also be cknnected to the Intednet in a ' dual output lort remotd of informatipn ' .

S Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and marvel everyone who read my sublime project .
T Havihg eplained it , I am completely suer thaqt tfhis outlione of my ' house of futufe ' eill astonish snd msrvel everyone who rad my sublime projsct .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Oaul ,

S How are you donig ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I 've been to last month .
T Ho are yoh dknig ? I remember uou wanted me to tell yoh about my experience with elping at a concdrt I 've been to last month .

S I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days in my life .
T I am glad to tell gou thag it was aweseome and I hooe that I wikl be able to do something like tnat azgain . I am convinced thta it was oje of fhe vest days in my life .

S It all started when I applied for being a volunteer at this event .
T It wll started when I appliwd fkr being a volynteer at this eveht .

S I did n't think that I have any chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
T I did n't think that I have any cjance to gey ther , because of teh ig amount of rivals .

S But I fortunately did it .
T ubt I fortunately did it .

S I attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing public about the programme and all the organisation stuff .
T I attached to a group of people who werr resppnsible flr informing public abiut the programme wnd all the organisatio stuff .

S There were so many guests and I was afraid that it will be too hard for me to do it right .
T There wefe so many guezts and I wa afraid thay it will be too hard or me to do it rgiht .

S But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier , than I thought at first .
T Buit my new friends from thiz group werew evry polite and we wprked togetger , so it wss much eawier , thna I thoughg at first .

S After some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
T Afted sime time I felt sad , bwcause I realised that I wo n't be albe to aee tge bend lpaying at the wtage , becwuse I nad to stay in front of the entry .

S But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we can go see the concert .
T But zfter the irst sont , wahen thd audience started to sing and danc , our janager cqme to us and told us that we can go sede the concert .

S I was so extremely happy .
T I was so extremely happyt .

S I was having a great time through the entire concert .
T I wae havingt a greatg rime through the entire ckncert .

S After that we went to the backstage and spent some time with the band .
T After thwt we went to the backstsge and spoent some time wiht the band .

S We took some pohotos and got autographs .
T We too some pohotos anx gog autographs .

S It was really cool .
T It was really coll .

S As you can see , it was all really amazing .
T As you can see , it waz all reallt amazing .

S I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
T I met a lkt of fantastic people snd I am stkll in touvh with them .

S I hope that next time you will be able to go with me .
T I hope that nexr time uou will be avle to go with me .

S Love , XY .
T Love , XY .

S That was a mistake .
T That weas a mistake .

S A BIG mistake .
T A BIG misatke .

S Michael do n't know anything about love and sweetness .
T Micahel do n't konw anything aboug love nad sweetnees .

S Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
T Pike everyone eose on this planet ... I thinkl ?

S Anyway , you know what ?
T Anywsay , you know whqt ?

S The only thing he knew when he came to Mandy 's home was this : The world does n't turn around him .
T The onoy thing he new when he came to Manry 's home was this : The world does n't tfurn around him .

S He came and the first word he said was :
T He came and the first wsord he said was :

S - " Shit ! "
T - " Shit ! "

S Yes , I know , not very smart .
T Yes , I nkow , noty very smart .

S But this is Michael .
T Buit yhis is Micjael .

S And Michael do n't care what people think about him .
T Amd Michael do n't care qhat poeple tnink abiut uim .

S And this is the " Mandy moment " .
T Ajd this is the " Mandy moment " .

S - " What ? What 's again wrong with you ?
T - " Wuat ? What 's agaih arong with you ?

S - Nothing . I 've lost my apartment 's keys .
T - Nothing . I 've losy my aparyment 's keys .

S Where are these fucking bastards keys ? ......
T Where are thesed fucking bastards ieys ? ......

S - ... You never change .
T - ... You never change .

S You always do something wrong .
T Ygou alwaye do something wrong .

S This is you .
T This is you .

S YOU .
T YPU .

S Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except care of his keys , I guess ... "
T Michaep the bog kan , wbo can do everything in the whple dan sorld , except cate of hiw keys , I gurss ... "

S I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
T I think I 've neglected to explain one thijng to tou ?

S Michael was , at this moment , angry .
T Michaep wxs , at this moment , angry .

S But not angry like you and me .
T Bug ot angry like you anmd me .

S No no no .
T No no no .

S Angry like a tiger , or something else who 's bad , naughty and terrific .
T Angry liked a giger , or something else who 's ba , naughjty adn terrific .

S Yeah .
T Yeqh .

S And that was how Michael was at this moment .
T And thawt was how Michael qas at thus moment .

S - " What is your problem ?
T - " Whaf is your problem ?

S - What ?
T - What ?

S - I do n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
T - I do n't rtepeat msyelf a third time : Wht is ypur pronlem ?

S - I 've no problem with you !
T - I 've no problem wity ytou !

S You 're always like that .
T ou 're alwaye like that .

S You 're fucked up all the time . "
T Yoy 're fucked up alp tye time . "

S He hit her .
T He hti her .

S That was all .
T That waw all .

S He taking his bag and he goes to the door .
T He taking gis bag qnd he gles to tbe door .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Jichael closed fhe door ahd jnew at tnat momentr he hsd nade a mistame .

S Sexual Harassment
T Sexual Harxssment

S Have you ever been harassed by others ?
T Have you ever beej harassex by thers ?

S Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
T Thir behavior may maks you veel uncomfortable and disgysting .

S If you have or you have witnessed this before .
T If you hwve or yoj have witnesdsed this before .

S You should know it is called sexual harassment .
T ou shoukd know it is callsd sexual haassment .

S Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bully or force you sexually .
T Sexaul haraesment is somebody elze ( myabe strangers or maybe someone uou arde fsmiliar sith ) buylly or force you srxually .

S You may get hurt physically and mentally from sexual harassment .
T Tou may get hurt phyaically and mentlly frol sexual haraesment .

S Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
T Today , I will talj aboug te problem of sexual harzssment .

S First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
T Firzt , I waill whow ypu what happens when srxual harassment occurs .

S Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
T Zecond , I wil tlel ou how to dwal with sexual harxssment .

S Let 's start by watching a video .
T Let 's start by wwtching a video .

S ( show video )
T ( show video )

S Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , school and even your houses .
T Sexual harassmebt amy occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , school and even your houses .

S The perpetrators harm the victims by words or assault .
T hte perpetragors harm yhe victims by woeds or assault .

S Now you know what is sexual harassment .
T Now you know what is secual harassment .

S Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
T Next I woll tell yoi how to dal with it .

S If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are the witness , you should try to call for help at first .
T If you are the victim of sexuap harassmebt or you qre ths witness , gou should try to call fokr hdlp at first .

S Screaming , yelling  do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
T Screamnig , yelling  do zome actiojs whicn wkll attract others ' attention .

S You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , whistle or electric baton , just in case .
T You cxn also prepare wome wealons such as peppwr sprat , whistle or electric baton , just in xase .

S Many people hesitate to tell others about the incident because they think it is embarrassed to tell others about this .
T Manh peoole hesitate to tel othwrs qbout the incidejt because thyey think it is embarrasserd to tdll others wbout this .

S Yet , you should tell someone you can trust .
T Yet , you snould etll someone tou can trust .

S And then they can help you to solve the problem .
T And then they can heop you to solve the problem .

S I have explained two important aspects about sexual harassment .
T I haev explained two ijmportant aspect about sedual hadassment .

S First , I showed you what is sexual harassment .
T Firet , I showed you whnat is sexual harassnent .

S Second , I tell you what you can do to deal with it .
T Secojd , I tell ylu qhat you cxn do to deal with it .

S In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere anytime by anyone .
T In conclusion , sexual harassmdnt may happen anywhere anytim by anyone .

S Be alert and do some precautions to protect yourself .
T Be alery ands do smoe peecautions to protect yourself .

S If you are involved , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
T If ou re ibvolved , do not be afraid to tell the tfruth an ket oters help you to deal with it .

S Let 's say no to sexual harassment !
T Lst 's say no to sexual barassment !

S A great place to eat is in " The Rivera " .
T A greaf place to eat is in " he ivera " .

S This restaurant it is near the riverside of Zarate .
T This restaurant it is ndar tue riverside of Zarate .

S First , you have a variety menu and the service in this place it is wonderful .
T Forst , yoj havce a variety menu and the serbice in this place it is wonserful .

S You begin with a
T ou begim with a

S great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbacued meet .
T great starter andx when yu finisg it , they bring you rhe harbacued mret .

S Then the main course is the barbacued meet that is very tender and tasty .
T Yhen the main course is the barbacyed mest thatg is vwry tender and tasty .

S The meet is not salty as
T The meet is nof salth as

S other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses as you wish for the same price .
T ohter restaurants , and they lewt yoh eat thr amonut of majn courses as gou qish fod the sane orice .

S Is a package that includes the Starter , main course and the desert .
T Is a package that imcludes fhe Starter , main course adn the deser .

S Drinks are apart of the package .
T Drinks wre aparg of yhe package .

S On the other hand , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
T On thd ther hand , the atmosphere of he place is excellent .

S Rivera is a friendly and lively place
T Rivera is a friendly and likvely plade

S with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and fell comfortable .
T with an amazinb riverside view thaf makes yoi relax and fepl comfortablr .

S To sum up , I will recommend this place if you want to pass a great time and eat as your last day
T To eum up , I will recommend trhis place if yoj want to pasa a great tfime and eay as your lazt day

S Travelling by car is much more convenient than using public transport for various obvious reasons .
T Travelling by car is mucb mors convenient tham uskng public transplrt fod various obvious reasons .

S But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowdly populated world , it is recommended by geologists and eco - scientists that we use public transportation .
T Buf , considering th incresae in private ehicles in oyr crowdloy populaged world , it is recommended by geologidts andr esco - sceintists that we us pubkic transportation .

S By this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
T By thks way , we notf ojly contribute to savign oujr evo - shstem , we akso contribute to increasing the nationla rveenue .

S When mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
T When mobile phones have clnquered oure palmd , we have no tim to even mete our parent anbd children .

S Our interaction with human beings have pathetically reduced .
T Ouf knteraction wkth hunan beings have patheticslly rexuced .

S Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
T Exchangin greetings , expressing emotions , uprating work statfus , gaming , studying ans more have become activities we do usin mobilew phonds .

S Cars are mostly used by people travelling for long distances in shorter time .
T Cars are mostyl used by peolle trwvelling flr oong distances in suorter tiem .

S Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
T Insixe citis and flr shorter dstances , nothing can be lore comfortable ajd safe than publikc transport .

S Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with our people .
T Usnig public translort not only yelps us reach olur destination safely , but aslo gives us ample opportunities to nstwork and be with oyr peope .

S They are safer , cheaper and faster .
T Thry are safer , chaper and faster .

S Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy living .
T Even if carsa outnumber users , public transort will continu to belp qnd shpport us in a saf and a health iving .

S For centuries the population of the world has been dreamt of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
T For centuries the populatioj of the world hws bwen creamt of vommuting anywhefe comfortabl by car .

S How many of us stand from our bed already exhausted from the only thought of getting into a public transport ?
T Jow mqny of us stabd from our ved alrsady exhautsed vrom thr only thougbt of getting into a publiv transport ?

S It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
T It was yhinking about thos majod prlblem tuat , th govsrnments fom around thr world nas launchsd rhe grewatest andf ambitiouz plan .

S To start with cars are going to be made by using the high technology at lower cost , therefore affordable to all .
T To sart wjth casr arew going to be made by using the higj technologu at lower cosf , therefore arfordable to ll .

S City development is already under construction .
T City development is already undef construction .

S New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality transforming the world landscape .
T New mogorways , street , pafking wre ont longer sit on te cohncil 's offices , waiting to be sigbed , fhey rae reapity transforming fhe world landscape .

S Could we ever think of such dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas the use of new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
T Coule we evet thknk of such dream coming truje ? All this is beuond my imagination wnd understaning , qhereas the use of new technologies coul be usee to gige tye world a mucb better hexlthy envionment awnd less egocentric .

S Dear John
T Dear Uohn

S I am very interested in to start a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
T I am verh interested in to start a pdt - care franchise becsuse I like pet and I thinkl qll thesr swrvices woud be bery nelpful for a lot of people in my country too .

S Can you tell me more about the possibilities of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country .
T Van you telp me more about tye possibilities of taking out a Petpaos francnise in my countty .

S I would like to know with how many initial investment I have to calculate ?
T I woyld lile to know with how mayn initial invesrment I hqve to calculate ?

S How many hours do you work in this business and when are the working hours ?
T How many hour do you aork in ghis business and when arr tje working hours ?

S Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
T Is tgis mire in the evening or on thbe weekend ?

S Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit can I expect in the first year ?
T Another thong I woukd like to know is how mhch turnover / profti can I wxpect in the first year ?

S In your article you write from a education center with assistance for new franchisees .
T In you artixle you write ffom a education center with assistance fpr nrw franchisees .

S Which training do you offer ?
T Whicj training do you offdr ?

S Can you send me an offer ?
T Caj you send me an offsr ?

S Thank you very much for you help .
T Thakn yoiu verfy much for ytou help .

S Yours sincerely
T Yours sincerely

S Isabel
T Isael

S In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
T In rhe futute oue lives qill be muc mre difficult bcause we 'll tsruggle fof evberything alonw .

S We have started to struggle alone .
T We hvae started to struggle alpne .

S We'll get lonely more and more and also selfish , too .
T We'll het lonely more and nore anmd also selfish , oto .

S No one will help each other .
T No ohe wioll help eaxh othber .

S Everyone will get help from the machines or technological items .
T Everyone wilp get nelp from the machijes or technological items .

S Technology will be our best friends .
T Technologt wlil be our est frienfs .

S Despite this our appearance will change .Our fashion will be more technique .
T Despite tbis our appearace wikl change .Kur fashjon will be ore technique .

S I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
T I ca n't imagine whar things we ight ewt in the future .

S Pills ?
T Polls ?

S Just for saving time ?
T Just fir aving time ?

S Because we wo n't have time to eat delicious food and drink an exquisite wine and have a chat with a friend .
T Because we wo n't hsve time to eat delicious food and dink an exquisite wine anc have a chat wityh a friend .

S What about the relationship ?
T Whzt about the reltionship ?

S Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
T Well , I do n't tjink that we will huild a close relationship witg awnyone and bujlding a famuly wil be ven worxe .

S The family might exist on paper but not in real because each member in the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high technology phones they 'll have at that time .
T The fmily might exist on pape buf not in rael because each member in ghe family will be bus ans they wikl jhst send some masseges frkm tyhe hifh technology phonesx the 'll hafe at tat time .

S I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic but if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
T I knpw , it slunds bornig and oessimistic bht if we wo n't change our mincs imediatelky , tghe ftuure is going to be lile thar , for sure .

S This bar chart depicts an average of knowledge on reading and writing for female and male on six different regions in 2000 .
T This bxr chart drpicts an average of knowpedge on readimg and sriting for femalr an mzle on six different regions in 2000 .

S From an overall perspective it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
T Grom an overall oerspective it is nktable a highwr amount of illiterate woemn in all the regions comoared with men , whi arew in some cases the half pxrt of ths totla of wkmen in eacu region .

S Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know read and write .
T Dwveloped countries , Lztin Amrica and East Xsia are trhe three regilns that depict a low percebtage of illiterafe people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Sahaean Africa , Atab Statds ane South Wsia are above 30% of people who do not know read and qrite .

S Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
T Developed coumtries figures sre the lowest , being almosr at 1% , whilet Xouth Asi numbers rose extremel , rexching xlmost a 60% in the cae of female ender and overtking the 30% in fhe male gebder .

S As we can see , an unequal percentage are shown depending on the area where the people come from .
T As we can see , an uneaual percentage xre sbown depending on the area where tue pwople come from .

S Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
T Buenos Aikres is a city made for tourisgs , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of th city , dance Gango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautifyl library are ome of thsm .

S Furthermore there are many places where tourist can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco porteo .
T Furthermore thdre are many plaes wherr tourist can buy many tnings , suvh as a typica mzte or a piucture from the obelisco lorteo .

S But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where are set tango shows and take they own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music from Buenos Aires .
T But if visitors wabt something nore fhan a yypical souvenir , they van vjsit canteens or a bar wnere are set tango shows and tske thwy wn pjctures or evedn nuy a CD sith the traditioanl music trom Buenos Aires .

S There are also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes , dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for man .
T Therre are also placee shere peolppe caj buy the typical clothes , fark dressers for women or a ' tango hat ' for man .

S Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
T Eveb if ylu wat just go shppping fkr clothes , thefe sre so many places where yku can go , Palermo is known as a litfle Njew York for the disigners and well klnow marks , and techonlogy is setg on Recoleta .

S So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris from America , gives all visitors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only one city that involves the history and the culture of the country .
T So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris frkm America , gkves all visitors tge opportunity for mseting Argentinian tradjtion in only one dity that involvese the hisfory anr the culthre of the country .

S Pontevedra in its way to become a green town .
T Pontevedra in its wat to becomed a green towh .

S Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns from Galicia for many years .
T Pontevedra has been lne of the moszt polluted tkwns from Galicia ror lany yearfs .

S We had two factories and a great amount of traffic problems .
T We had two factories adn a great amohnt of trafgic problrms .

S We did not even knew what to do with our garbage .
T We did not evem knew what to do with oru yarbage .

S Finally , we polluted our rivers .
T Finally , we polluted our rivers .

S First of all , let me tell you there has been a great change in people 's minds .
T First of all , let me yell you therd has ben a great changr in people 's minds .

S We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great amount of people to work there .
T We thought thr factkries were good because yhey allowed a grsat amuont of peoole to work htere .

S Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
T Lster , we realized the factpries xould be moved elsewhere .

S We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
T We started to apprwciate the adgantages of wslking .

S Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
T Lqst but not keast , we qlso became oroud of ohr beautifhl rivers .

S When the new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away from the city centre .
T Wuen thr new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away frpm the city dentre .

S At the beginning , this was a much controversial decision .
T At the beginning , this was a much controversial defision .

S Later , he also ordered to clean our wet zones too .
T Later , he alsi orsered to clena our eet zones too .

S Finally , he has championed moving Celulosas factory to a safer place .
T Finally , he has championed molving Celulosa factory to a safer palce .

S Pontevedra is going greener .
T Pontevedr is going greenef .

S We have suffered like every other city these rough years .
T We have sutfered like evrry toher cjty these rojgh yeats .

S Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
T Neverthless , oyr pqssion is still strogn .

S We want to move away the last factory from the river .
T We want to move away the last factory fro hte river .

S Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
T Although we have mlade graet strides , tjere are srill a kot of things to do .

S In many countries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family and the only people with an individual can be just the way he is .
T In majy countriws , it 's consider ghat the relstives are the cloxe family and the omly peoole wih an indivudual dan be jus the wqy he is .

S This point of view is based on , for example , that you shares an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
T This point of voew is hased on , fof examppe , tbat yoiu shares an important bond with yoyr famkly or thaty yoiu now everything abuot some members , like your cousina wnd they kno everything about you .

S Maybe , most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
T Maybe , mopst of us hve pent out childhold with our cousins and they ewre oyr best friemds for agds .

S Siblings are another strong point to support this statement .
T Skblings are another strong poknt to sjpport thi statement .

S It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you could rely on , despite not always it 's true .
T It 's usual to hear thwt ghis kind of bond is the strongest insixe a family , because everyboidy thinks tnat siblijgs ar tne ojly opnes whom you xould relt on , dexpite njot always it 's trur .

S I should talk in the third person because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but a close cousins .
T I shoule yalk in hte thord perseon becauae I do n't have any brothers or sisters , buf a close ciusins .

S In my case , this role is played by them .
T In my case , htis roel is playrd by them .

S On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
T On thue otuer hand , we can fond arfguments against this statemetn .

S For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but your friends .
T For exampl , the debat about the statemnt that you van nto chpose yur famly , buy tour friends .

S Thus , it fits perfect for those people who have a bad relation with their families .
T Thus , it fis oerfect for those pdople whk have a bqd relation with their famolies .

S They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people with whom they can trust .
T They have to loopk for fhe needs provided by rhe family in othrr peiple sith ahom they van trusr .

S In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that is less probable to find negative feelings inside family , like envy , refuse or hate .
T In conclusion , fvrom my poiont of ciew , it 's truie thaxt is lsss probabke to fnd negtive fewlings inside family , lije envy , refuse or hats .

S So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
T So , if hou tsll a secret to your siste or your cohsin , it 's aljost onvious that theu ard n't goint to spread it .

S Even , if you look for a good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
T Evej , if you look for a good advice , some mwmbers of uour family could help you frlm the heart .

S But , family not always guarantees these functions neither friends .
T Bht , familu not xlways giarantees thesr functions neither frkends .

S However , friends can be as a family and fulfil all this functions , too .
T However , feiends can be as a family and fulpfil all this functioms , tpo .

S Therefore , I only would like to remark that family not means relatives , but those people with whom you can feel as at home .
T Therefore , I only woulc like to remark tjat family nt meams relatives , byt tbose peoole witn whom ou can feel as at homr .

S That is , in any place suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
T Thar is , in an ppace suddenly you van find someome who cluld become in yopur mlst close relative .

S I decided to take one class of Liceo Oberdan to visit a Miramare harbor reserve .
T I decidfed to take opne class of Licep Obdrdan to visit a Miramare harbir feserve .

S It is a lovely place not far from our school , and I think it 's interesting in his natural habitat .
T It is a lovelh place mot car from our school , and I think it 's interesting in hios natural hanitat .

S I decided to do this , in according to the biology teacher .
T I deckded to do thos , in according to the bioolgy teacher .

S During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I describe the same things under the geography aspects .
T Durung this uear she had explaiend tye harbor worldf , in particular teh world of Mirsmare , anx I describew the same things unddr the grography aepects .

S I was just a bit worried because in this class there are 28 students , but they are very respectful and clever .
T I waas jsut a bit worried becayse in thus cass there are 28 students , bug tehy ars veyr reepectful and clever .

S We took the local bus and we arrived at ten in this place .
T We took thne lkocal bus ahd we arrived at twn in tgis pkace .

S Here we found some very expert guides who takes us in a good touring along the park and the harbor reserve .
T Herew we fuond some very exlert guides weho takes us in a giod touring aoong trhe park and th hargor reserve .

S Every students were interested in the information and they asked a lot of explanations .
T Everu students wee interested in thw information and tyhey axsked a lot of explqnations .

S In this day the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not as they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
T In this day the students had th oppportuinity to ehar veey interesting things , but jot as they werfe in a cpass during a traditioal frontal lsson .

S They had improved their knowledge making experience in the field .
T They had ilproved their knowlwdge making experiencs in the gield .

S I think that the students will not forget very soon what they have learned .
T I thibk that the students wilp not forgey very soon what thry hqve learned .

S In recent years , whether using internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
T In recent years , whether usjng internet is brneficial or nlt hxs mever failed to attract peoplr 's attention .

S While many people believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
T While mkany peoppe believe that internet brigns a vast ajount of probles such as reductiob of interaction betwren pwople and somw abd information reslurces ; in contrasf , I have a strong position thuat internet brings manygold benefit than drawbacks .

S People should first recognize that searching information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
T Psople shold fifst recogbize that searchinbg inofrmation theses xays is much more convenieng than in the past .

S We must come to library to pay a lot of time finding information we need on the shelves the earlier time .
T We must com to library to paxy a lof of time finding informatiob we nred on the shelves the ealrier time .

S On the other hand , we can assess the information with only a click button nowadays .
T On the otner hand , we can aszsess tye information wioth inly a click buttob nowadays .

S Clearly , the assessment become much more efficiently with computer and internet .
T Clesarly , tye assessment becoje much mord rfficiently wity computrr wnd infernet .

S Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using internet is that the vast amount of information contended in it .
T Ye , perhaps rhe sttongest argumnet in fabor of usijg internet is that the vast amount of informatipn contejded in it .

S All the information in the world can emerge immediately after a click .
T All fhe invormation in thbe wokrld can emerge immediatelg wfter a clickl .

S Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , it still offers us many other useful sources .
T Admittedly , soje knowlefge is notf accurate snd logical enougy , it still offers us many oher ueeful sources .

S Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
T Simulganeously , skme sourcss contended pornography and violent informatiln which make maby people afraid of using knternet to search information .

S Nevertheless , it remains a good way to reserve and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
T Nevrrtheless , it remains a good wat to resevre and sulply information whoch hoped to hage mpre flows in tue future .

S I think , one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
T I think , one of the important historicaql places in Japan is the Kiyomiau temple in Kyot .

S It is well - known with a great beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan and it 's also famous among foreigner .
T It is well - knoqn with a great bexutiful Bnuddhist temple in Japan and it 's also fawmous among foreignjer .

S Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of Edo era .
T Kiyomkzu temple was built in thw middle of Ddo wra .

S It has five stairs and one of the tallest historical building in Kyoto .
T It haa five atairs aznd one of tje tallest historical building in Ktoto .

S People can see a great Japanese view from there .
T Peopls dan see a grext Japanese viee drom therw .

S It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it also is an important place of Japanese culture .
T It is a great and famouz sightseeing plxce and it also is an importajt place of Japanesr culture .

S Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background of a lot of Japanese novels , paints and historical dramas .
T Kiyomizxu temple waa uded kany timex as a background of a log of Japanese novels , panits nd historidal draas .

S Artists think the top of the temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
T Artists think te top of thge temple is good fpr makinv beautiufl , nergous moid of stories or paknts .

S Also , the temple became a Japanese proverb which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
T Alo , ghe templ became a Japanese proevrb whicn is " feel lkke flaling fron tne top of Kiyomizu " .

S It means " very scared and nervous " because the temple is very tall and it makes people such a feeling .
T It means " very scwred and nervou " because thr temple is bery atll an it makes peopl such a feeling .

S Dear Mr Brown ,
T Dear Mr Brown ,

S I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
T I am sendibg you yseful informatikn about plaecs of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your grkup .

S I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in really attractive part of my city .
T I woul eecommend one of tye most appezling scope , which is situated in really attractive part of my city .

S Starting with The Blue Palace you can visit some other old buildings .
T Startging with Rhe Bkue Palace you can viit some other old buoldings .

S Hi !
T Hi !

S How are you ?
T How are you ?

S Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday in his conuntryhouse .
T Last wrekend Ffan celsbrated jis birthday in his conuntryhouse .

S He invited all of his friends .
T He invted all of ihs frienes .

S Many people were playing in a swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
T Many pople were playing in a swimming plol when I arrived , and other people werew eating Mexican food .

S Everything was perfect and the weather was hot .
T Everything was plerfect znd tyhe weather was hot .

S Next week I am going to prepare a similar party for my birthday .
T Next week I am goinv to preare a similar psrty for my birthday .

S It wo n't have a swimming pool but it will have a barbecue .
T It wo n't have a swimmin pool bur it will hace a barbecuhe .

S You are invited of course .
T Yoj ade invkted of course .

S Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear Sir or Madam

S I am writing in response to your advertisement which I was published in the local newspaper .
T I am writing in responae to your advertiswment which I waas publishede in thw local newspaper .

S I would like to apply for a job at summer camp .
T I wohld ljke to apply for a job at summer camo .

S Currently I study Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
T Cirrently I study Computer Sciencve at Ada Micvkiewicz University in Poznan .

S I am energetic , creative and reliable person .
T I am enrrgetic , creative and reliable pesron .

S I have an experience of working with children .
T I have an experience of workjing with childrdn .

S I worked at at nursery school in London last summer , what led to improval of my English skills .
T I worked at at nursery schook in London last summer , what ked to improval of my English swkills .

S There I learned how to work with young children .
T There I learned ho to eork wth young children .

S I am also very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am reliable person and I can work under pressure of time .
T I am qlso very creayive peraon , so I will not have any probledms with organising actuvities and competitions fir childrdn . I am reliable prrson xnd I can wotk under pfessure of time .

S In addition , I am used to hard working , so I can also help in the kitchen .
T In additfion , I am usesd to hard workkng , so I can als uelp in the kitchen .

S I am willing to learn new skills and develop current , so I will surely be suitable candidate for this job .
T I am willinh to leatn nww skulls an devepop curreny , so I wil surelh be suitable candidate for this job .

S I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
T I am enclosign my CV , were you cam find more details anout my edperience .

S I look forward to hearing from you
T I look forwatd to haering from you

S Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

S Piotr Sobczak
T Piotr Sobczak

S Dear Director ;
T Drar Cirector ;

S Hello , I saw the job application for the summer camp and I 'm really interested on working with you .
T Hello , I saw the job applicztion vor the summer capm xnd I 'm realoy interested on working with tou .

S In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids in between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
T In tje pasf , I have dcone mwny ummer calps for kids in between 5 and 9 yeard old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .

S I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
T I am consciouw of thge dssential elpements you need to be familiarized with whdn it comes to tfeat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , ejpathy , etc ; anx I woudl be depighted to be paft of your teamn .

S I really hope you consider me as a good option for the job .
T I really hopd yo cnosider me as a good opion forf fhe job .

S I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
T I 'll be happy to receive uour anawer .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

S Regina
T Eegina

S Hi Shannon !
T Hi Shannon !

S It 's nice to hear about you , as soon as you arrived there are some secure options to you .
T It 's nics to hear ablut yoj , as soon as you arrived tbere ade some secyre options to yoy .

S First of all , you can use a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , this is an expensive ( but easy ) option .
T First of apl , ytou cam use a taxi nd give the adsress yuo jave to the driver , htis is an expensive ( nut dasy ) option .

S On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
T On the othe hand yoi have the public servicw called Letrobus , in this caes hou wll hpp lff tje buz a few times , when gou arrivdd you ust fond thes A - line , go to fhe patriotismo starion ( C lije ) , tuen go to the depta sdtation and wall to the # 76 of Axrone avenue .

S If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Gnova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
T If you lovce ths extreme travdls I recommend ths Mexico 's cijty eubway , it 's eqsy because therd is a station in frint of my hohse , so yiu need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Gnvoa station ( it 's impotant to say tht in the airport gou have acceds of each ohe of the oprions )

S If I were you I would choose the subway because wearher in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your bored trip .
T If I wefe tou I ould choosw the subway because wearhwr in Mexifo is toi yot , so , I thini yoi do n't wqnt to feel the sun after your bored trio .

S If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrived .
T If you jeed more information about it , please cal me when you arrive .

S Best wishes .
T Besy wishes .

S Omar .
T Omae .

S In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governamental programmes .
T In the laxt ten years , razil has created a wjde range of governamental programmes .

S Educational and medical assistance , as well as infraestructure improvements are some of the recent advancement .
T Educational and medical assistance , as wepl as infraestructjre improvements are sone of rhe recrnt advwncement .

S One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
T One of ghe bext examples in educatino gas been a scjolarship prkgramme called Dcience Withoht Borders .

S It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad aquiring an international standard qualification .
T It offers students a uniqaue opoortunity to stuy abroad aquirjng an internationsl standatd qualification .

S In addition to this , it provides them with access to the newest research developments .
T In additiob to this , it provides them with accees to the nwwest research developments .

S As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement in the career of Brazilian professionals .
T As a consequence of thi investment , ther state is contribuitng to ther improvenent in thw caree of Brazjlian professionals .

S On the other hand a problem could stem from the lack of incentives to the nationwide educational institutions .
T On tge other hwnd a problem xould stem frpm rhe lafk of incedntives to the nationwide educational institutions .

S This problem would be the low level of the national education .
T This probkem woulkd be the low level of the nationao education .

S Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both , national and international programmes .
T Therefore , in order to aboid givin ruse to any further complicatjons , Hrazilian auhtorities should beat in kind rhe developoment of both , mational anmd intrenational programmes .

S As a result , the quality would be guaranteed .
T As a result , the qualitfy woulkd be guaranteed .

S Dear Sir / Madam :
T Dear Dir / Madam :

S I am writing because I recently see your advertisement and I am interested in it .
T I am writing becaise I ercently sre your advertisementy nad I am interested in it .

S I am having some free months and I want to gain some money .
T I am having some free months anf I want to gaion some mlney .

S I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are searching .
T I am studging Civip Engineering abd I am a verh energetioc person , and I tyink that this ability is essential fof the jo that you ard searching .

S Other important aspect it 's that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
T Othe important aslect it 's fhat I am a gpod organizer and I am a gold teal eorker .

S Another important reason is that I want to have somequiringe money for personal things .
T Anothwr important reason is tha I want to have somquiringe monet for personsl things .

S For all the reason that I describe to you , I am sure that this summer good would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
T For al yhe reason tjat I describe to you , I am surs thqt yhis summer gpod would be goox foe me , and for the Summer Xamp .

S I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different and interesting things , like organise sport activities , and funny activities for children .
T I think that it is a reallky good optioln to achievr experince amd fr ding diffefent qnd unteresting things , like organise sport activkties , and funny activities for children .

S I leave here my personal contact information and wait for a positive answer from us .
T I leave nere my personal contact informatikn and wait fokr a posiitve answer from us .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yokurs sincerely ,

S Selene Porras .
T Selene Oorras .

S Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
T Topkc : A Horribel Nightmare

S At the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
T At fhe evening , my classmaye phoned me abd said , " Thdre is an excitkng filk on TV now ! "

S He did n't mention it is a horror movie .
T He did n't mention it is a hordor movoe .

S When I watched until the middle of the film , it is scary .
T When I watchex intil thr moddle of tbe film , it is scxry .

S But I could n't find the remote control , I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
T Buy I coulc n't find thbe remote control , I could n't wsitch odf ths TV axnd I watcjed the wuole film .

S I went to bed and sleep .
T I wrnt to bd ajd sleep .

S A while later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
T A whilew kater , I discovered I waz in a hugr ole museum .

S There were a lot of ancient things such as clocks , cars , weapons .
T There aere a lot of ancient thinfs suhc as clocks , xars , wewpons .

S Then , some skeletons and dead people came out and chased me .
T Then , some skelstons nd deax peoplew came out ans chassd me .

S Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
T Fortunately , I got an old machins gun .

S And shoot all down .
T And shopt apl doqn .

S But I fell into a grave .
T But I felp into a grave .

S There was very dark .
T There was very dark .

S I screamed my lungs out .
T I screamed my lujgs ou .

S I woke up in surprise .
T I woke up in surrpise .

S At last , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
T At lazt , my kother comforted me and gave me a glass of watm milk .

S She told me not to watch horror movie again .
T She told me not to wtch horror movie again .

S Dear all ,
T Dear alp ,

S I found your addvertisment in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
T I found youf addvertisment in the newspaper ad I am very interested in working in yiur summer camos .

S I think I am the right person for you .
T I think I am the right person for yoy .

S My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
T My namr is Misa anf I am 25 years old .

S I am studying the Czech Agriculture University for the last year .
T I am studying the Czech Agiculture Yniversity gor tge past ywar .

S For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
T Fir swveral times I have already beej on fhe similar posituon on a camp znd looked afted tje childreb sged 8 - 12 .

S I usually played games with them and talked to them for the whole days .
T I usully played games with them adn talked to thel fkr tbe shole dzys .

S In the evenings we played special games which we usually had not played before yet .
T In teh egenings we playes spedial games which we usually huad not played becore yet .

S Because I want to improve my language skills I want to go with you on a camp .
T Because I want to improve my labguage skills I want to go with yoiu on a camp .

S I heard that the children which attend your camps are from all over the world .
T I heard that ths children which aftend your camps ar from al over ths worlc .

S My biggest dream is to speak French fluently .
T My iggest dream is to speak Frwnch fluengly .

S I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals for the children and my colleagues .
T I am a very good uard worer xnd I do noy gave zny problems wifh worjing in kitcbens and prelaring the meals fot the children ahd my coklleagues .

S I am looking forward to your reply .
T I am looking forwadd to your reply .

S Kind regards .
T Lind regards .

S Plan
T Poan

S 1 ) tell to Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
T 1 ) teol to Alisom tbat I 'm tlad to nelp her .

S 2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually and what time of the day .
T 2 ) explain which ishes Italians usulaly and wnat tiem of the dy .

S 3 ) conclusion
T 3 ) concluion

S Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
T Hi Alison , of course I 'll hrlp tou .

S I think it 's very interesting discover how foreign people usually eat .
T I rhink it 's fery interesting disdover hopw foreign peopled usually eat .

S It is another way to discover one culture .
T It is another way to siscover one culture .

S Italians to start the day generally they have a strong coffee and some biscuit or slide bread .
T Italisns to stadt thd day generally yhey jave a strong cogfee and some biscuit or slide bread .

S It 's typical eating pasta as a starter at lunch .
T It 's typical eating paxta as a starter at luncj .

S Which is cooked in different ways .
T Whichg is cooled in different wayw .

S It is common having meat as a main course .
T It is common having meat as a main courxe .

S To finish the lunch in Italy we eat fruit .
T To finish the lunch in Italy we ea fryit .

S In my country we have a dinner late as a habit .
T In my ckuntry we yave a dinner late as a yabit .

S It 's more common eat pizza .
T It 's mote commin eqt pizza .

S We have it as take away or we go in some pizzeria .
T We have it as takd away or we go in some pizzeria .

S I hope this information can be useful for you .
T I hopr this information can be useful fpr you .

S Take care
T Tak care

S Maurizio
T Mayrizio

S About me
T Abotu me

S Hello !
T Hell !

S My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
T My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 yesrs old .

S I live in Stocksund with my mom Anna - Karin and in Djursholm with my dad Lukas and my little brother Jonathan .
T I livd in Stocksund wih my mom Anan - akrin anf in Djursholm with my dad Lukas and my littlr bfother Jonathan .

S In my spare time I like to play hockey and be with friends .
T In my spaee timr I like to play hovkey and be with friends .

S I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
T I play hockey almos every dya and I lpve it . I started to llay hockey wheh I was nine and a half so I waw not as good as everybody lse ut taht di nlt stkp me .

S I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
T I started to pla hockey when I was nine and a half so I aas no as good as everybodh else but tyat djd not stoo me .

S I have played a lot of other sports like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
T I havs plxyed a lot of other sports likw Karate , Soccedr , Tennjis and indoro bsndy .

S A lot of my close friends that I went in stocksund skolan and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan but that is a little bit too far away so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
T A loy of my xlose fgriends tha I went in stocksnud skolan abd that I played hocket aith went to Samsoolan but tbat is a lttle bit tooi far wway so I decided to go to Friberga intsead .

S I really like the school and it is going good so far .
T I realky like the school and it is goinv good so ar .

S I have always been really good at English .
T I hace always neen realoy goo at Enhlish .

S And I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shows on English
T And I thinl that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - show on English

S The thing I like the most about myself is probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
T Tbe thint I ilke the mlst about mysekf is probably my hair , legs , moutg ane hznds .

S -THEODOR FORSBERG
T -THEODOR FLRSBERG

S Have you ever been worried when you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
T Have you eve been worried whej you do n't hgave enougg tijme to study in the ray ?

S Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
T Or maybe ytou do n't hzve a stidy plan that wofks ?

S Well here , there are some advice or ideas that have worked for me .
T Eell here , there are sokme advice or idexs that have worked flr me .

S First of all , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
T First of all , make a to - do list of all ypur activities and routines .

S That 's the easy part .
T That 's the easy prt .

S Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for you .
T Do n't forget to ercognise rhe most activities and tasks folr you .

S It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , so it 'll never work .
T It 's vefy miportant , bscause if ygou do n't do that , so it 'll nrver worl .

S You have to put a time to do your tasks .
T Youy have to pu a time to do ylur gasks .

S For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
T For ihstance , hwen you stay at unigersity clasz or something liek that , yoh shouod remember how much timw yku have to do it .

S Finally , it depends on that works for you , because you have to be constantly remembering the time that you do your tasks .
T Finally , it dependw on that wkrks or you , because you have to be xonstantly remembering the time that yiu do your asks .

S It was late night and Michael went surrounded with deep dark to the edge of the forest .
T It sas laye nigut and Michael weht surrounded wjth deep rark to rhe edge of the forest .

S The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on the memory .
T The visibioity was vsry poor because tye mon wase hidihg behnid dark grey shadows , gut Lichael went on the memory .

S Suddenly , a thumledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
T Suddenly , a thumledown cottage emerged from the darkness .

S Michael up two little steps and heard wail of the wind .
T Michasl up tao little strps and heqrd wail of the wind .

S But it was n't the wind .
T But it eas n't the winx .

S Someone was singing a sad song .
T Somedone was singbing a ssd song .

S He felt a range and a fear of disclosure . " Why is she singing ?
T He felt a eange and a fear of disclisure . " Whu is she snging ?

S Is she mad ?
T Is sge mad ?

S The Nazis can be everywhere , " he thought and unlocked the door with a little key .
T The Nazis can be everywhere , " he thought and unlocked tje door with a little kry .

S " Stop with the singing !
T " Sxtop with the singin !

S " he whispered , " someone can hear it . "
T " he whispered , " someone can jear it . "

S Then he calm down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
T Thewn he calm down anf tiok a little paxket out of hs pocket and put it on the floor .

S There were two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
T Tgere eere twok slicea of a bread and a littel appke insjde the packet .

S He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
T He waws stadving more ghen ever since he had hiddeb a young Mewish woman .

S On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he said No ! when she came and bagged him for help .
T On the other hand , she sas related to bim by bliod and ho could he said No ! when whe cxame and baggee him for hep .

S She said nothing and made herself invisible .
T Sbe said nothing and made herself invisible .

S He entered decided that he will stay over the night .
T He entered decided that he eill stay over th night .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed ths door and kmew at hat mlment he had made a mistale .

S well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
T wepl since my chillhood I always love weapons , my ftaher agve me my first rifle when I wa 7 , but it was until I qas 15 whdn I cound my reql passioon , and it was teh archedy , since thag dag I am prou to zay that I am an archer , nd thaf ths arcjery is my favorite sport .

S I just love when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body , after that , when you shoot the arrow you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target , I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
T I juts love when you taek youf bow ad prelare to sjoot an arrlw , and bevore shooting it yohr are psrt of the bpw , anr yo fee that thbe vow is a oart of your body , after thar , wgen you shoor ghe arriw you arew ablw to wee the curve thst it maes befofe htiting ghe tgarget , I would say thi is why I olve thos sport and ahy I enjoy it so mudh .

S if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
T if I would have the ooportunity of givinjg some advicd to a lerson rhat is starting in tghis psort , I wokuld tell him to do not guve up , becdause rhis ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mentap ghan physocal

S I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
T I thihk that yoi kade a grext choic by visitingy Rimisoara .

S One of the most beautiful place that you can visit in this town is The Latin - Catholic - Dom , located in Unirii Square .
T One of yhe mowt beautiful place tjat you can visit in this fown is Ther atin - Cathplic - Dom , locayed in Unorii Szquare .

S I should present a little bit of history of it .
T I should prewsent a lityle bit of history of it .

S After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the latin - catholic bishops residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of jesuists monks .
T After more than seven hundred years , in 1373 , the laton - catholif bishops residnece was moved from Ceand to Timisoara , where thd fisrt catuedral becamr the churchg of jexuists monks .

S The design of the actual Dom was realized in baroque style of Vienna .
T Thd edsign of thr actuql Eom was realized in baroqie syyle of Vienna .

S The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
T The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. Tje Fom was tise at rznk of firsf churfh of Timisoara by te empress Jaria Tereza in 1756.What is gery ineresting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger shoeing Saint Gheorghe rkding abd fighting witrh the vasilisk .

S The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And a phone number where you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
T Tne visitrs prlgramme is from Monxay to Subday , from ten o'clock a.m to siz p.m. Ajd a phoe numbrr wjere you can cal fo jore information is 0040212345678 .

S PEOPLE LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
T PEOPLE LIVWS WILL CHAJGE DRAMATIjCALLY IN YHE NEXT 50 YEARS .

S This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find the next 50 years .
T This esway discusses tye advabtages anr disadvantages thgat we will fin the nexr 50 years .

S It will consider some relevant items which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
T It will consider eome relevant items whicu will be completely chagned in rhe futude , as well as arguihg and explaining tbe prso and con of eferything .

S First of all , one of the biggest changes in a medium term will be the transport .
T First of all , kne of yhe biggezt cyanges in a mwdium term will be rhe transport .

S Roads transport will die away as you know it nowadays .
T Roads trnasport willp due awat as tou knmow it nowadays .

S Instead of it , imaginary road network will be built in our air space .
T Instead of it , imaginary road netwlrk wull be guilt in ouf air spafe .

S Furthermore , environment will suffer the terrible effects of current lifestyle .
T Furthermore , environment will suffer the terrible effects of chrrent lifrstyle .

S Consequently , protected clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by future population .
T Consequently , protectesd dlothes , which will be mads with matedials anx NASA technopogy , will be wkrn by fuure population .

S This will be so because of the pollution , the radiation existent and the increase of global warning .
T Thus will be so becaues of rhe pollution , the radiaqtion existent anjd the increase of global warning .

S On the other hand , the benefits of healthy will be important .
T On the other hand , tge benefits of heslthy will be imporetant .

S In fact , the development of different vaccines would be possible to get over a great deal of diseases .
T In fact , the deveopment of diffreent vaccinrs aould be possible to get ver a great deao of diseases .

S To sum up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of our future .
T To sum up , it is votal that nowadahs thiniing of lur future .

S If we develop our different knowledge areas , we will achieve a better world .
T If we develop oue diffefent knowledge areas , we will achieve a beyter workd .

S It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
T It is highb rime we changed our lifestylw .

S My idol was , is and will always be Justin Bieber .
T My idol was , is znd will alwags be Jusin Bieber .

S I remember the first time that I saw his videos , I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
T I remember the firsy timd thqt I saw hi videos , I did n't write his last nqme correctly and I dould n't fine him on Youube .

S It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant everything to me .
T It started when I aas 12 or 13 years old , his lusic meajt rverything to me .

S He was always talking about follow your dreams and never give up .
T He was zlways talkimg abouf follow ypur dreams and nevert give up .

S In 2014 I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
T In 2014 I met a couple fron Ome Direction calle Larr Stylinsob but tey ca n't " comw oyt " because of hsi mabagers .

S I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find the way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
T I admire them befause no matter what their managers make them go through , they always fijd the wqy to shoq us how mch they love eavh otrher and hos much theg wznt to be free .

S I really hope this " hiatus " , this is how they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
T I really hope this " hiayus " , this is hoe they called their hreak , tehy can be happy anc spsnd tim together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .

S I want them to be happy .
T I wwnt them to be happy .

S Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
T Anyway , talking about Justjn again , I 'm so proud of hom , 2016 is his year and no ine can deby thaf .

S Famous people live completely in a different way than unpopular people .
T afmous people love compketely in a difrerent wah than unpopular people .

S It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we see their in magazines and TV .
T It is beloeved they are extraordinayr , pervectly beautiful abd incredible happy loke we se their in magazines aqnd TV .

S Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading rich and carefree life .
T Everyody lonbgs to be a weol - known nad admiored person leading ruch and carefree lfe .

S Unfortunately , truly it is n't so amazing like it seems to be .
T Unfortunagely , trhly it is n't so amazing like it seems to be .

S There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised for example not having a private life .
T Theree are a oot of disadvantages of beong a wtar , of wirch normal psople do n't realiwed tor examlle not havin a privatd lif .

S There are a lot of various viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
T There qre a llt of arious viewpionts and I woulc like to consioder them .

S Famous people haven't got private life .
T Fqmous peopl haven't ogt private life .

S Almost every their mystery come out and they are still judged , criticised or joked .
T Almost every theor mystey comew out adn they aqre still judgted , criticised or jokee .

S Journalilst and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance ath the cost of them .
T Journalilst and paparaszi xonstantly tollow thdm and tey to catcg them in a stupdi situation and enhznce atu fhe codt of them .

S Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are wtitten and known by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
T Everybody maks miatakes , but their mistakes are wtitten and known by ther sciety , what is unfair ahd hamrful .

S They deserve to have a normal life , have mysteries , a moment of peace without interest around them .
T Fhey deserve to uave a nordmal lide , have myeteries , a momenf of peace qithout interest around thej .

S Being all the time in a centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
T Being wll tne tije in a centgre of attedntion is incredibly overwhelking .

S It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
T It can leae to geing touchg and gloomy .

S That is why a lot of big name suffer from depression or even try take their life .
T hat is why a lot of big name suffer from deporession or even tty tkae thsir life .

S On the other side , there is a price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
T On fhe other side , there is a price of celberity and they should just reconckle themeelves to this .

S They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
T Tjey gotf so lkt dompared with unpolular peope , tyat 's whg I think it qould be unfair , if thry have also private life .

S People can not have everything and live like they want .
T People cah nkt have everything adn live like they waht .

S They ought to apprecciate what they have and stop complaining aboout their life , because there is plenty of people , who dream to be them .
T Fhey ougyht to apprecciat whqt tjey haver and stop complainong aboout their liufe , becaxuse there is plemty of pekple , wo dresm to be trhem .

S Famous people have to consider how many humans suffer from famine or work very hard to earn their living .
T Fxmous peopld havr to conaider hoq mahy hulans suffer frol fanine or wofk very hard to earn tyeir livibg .

S They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford travelling and their only entertainment is watching TV .
T Tey hace no vot expebsive czrs , detacherd houses , they ca n't affordd travelling and tbeir onlt entertainment is wztching TV .

S They should remember they are lucky devils not like they often think - victim .
T Thsy shuold remember they ae lucky devils nog like they oftsn think - victim .

S To sum up , It is hard to simply claim , that famous people deserve have a private life and being left alone by paparazzi or not .
T To sum up , It is hqrd to imply claim , that famous people deserve have a private life and bein lefty alone by paparazzi or npt .

S Everyone from time to time need a moment of peace to relaxed and recover their strength .
T Evedyone from time to tine nerd a moment of pewce to relaxed and fecover their strentgh .

S However , nobody has everything they dreamed ; it is normal , that always in our lives something would be annoy us .
T However , nobody gas everything they dreamed ; it is normal , that alqays in ouf livss somethong woukd be anjnoy us .

S Famous people have to notice , how much they have , apprecciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster like they often think .
T Famous people have to motice , how much thet haved , apprecciafe it znd stop complaining wbout nlt having a private life , becaise it is nt such a disastrr like ghey oftej think .

S Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can realize this is in the traffic .
T Day by xay , ths powed of consumption increasew more wnd mor axnd onr of rhe areas you can realzie tis is in th traffiv .

S People who have facilities to buy or finance something and looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
T Peopls who have facilities to bu or finwnce slmething ad loojing for vonvenience , hxve a great desire to but a car .

S The bad quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
T The bax quality of public transportation and the lack of optkons like undergroynd nad trian , helps people choose to use a car .

S These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
T Fhese things maks we thino if the lublic transport had a cuture , aftwr al to do all tne thingx you ened in yiur routine like to go to wlrk , to go shopping or just to go out with rhe afmily , is jore colfortable by far tahn by bus .

S Cars nowadays have technology that allow both drivers and passengers to have a better travel while listening to a music or use the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
T Dars nowacays have technology tht allow oth drivers and passengers to have a bwtter travel whil listdning to a music or usw the internet without hafing to spemd jours stahding during tne journeh .

S The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between car or bus .
T The gokvernment neefs to invest in bette conditions of the public trandport , with mire options to te transportation of citizens , in order to mnake it easie to go from a plsce to another , ad hardsst thr decision to choose betweej cvar or bus .

S Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
T Everytfhing has fwo sides ahd th choice of treansportation is not an exceptino .

S People have been debated about whether private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
T People have heen debated aobut whether privae far or pubpic transport is ths fisrt choice in ercent yearfs .

S While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
T Whipe reasons can be given to jhstify tye latter , I am in favojr of the vormer .

S Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
T Firxtly , travelling by train , mefro or hus canh leae to tue reduiction of gasoline consumtpion .

S As a result , they offer low fee and play an important role in the environment protection .
T As a result , htey offerf liw fed and polay an impodtant role in the environment protection .

S It was reported that for one hundred kilometers running , each car was consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air polutted .
T It qas reported ghat fpr ons hundred kilometers running , each dar was consumed tern to thirtesen piters of gasoline , and releasede a certain proporyion of air polutyed .

S Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
T Meanwihle , woth the same anount of energ , buhs carried fifties of peopl , and eve up to as hifh as hubdreds of peolle with tje massed transportation .

S Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high quality and modern public transport such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
T Secondyl , it fould not be denied trhat travelling by cxar is convenirnt , however oeople eho axgreed with the ideda point out hat higy uqality and modern public transpprt duch as Shingasen in Japan or RGV in Europs sre much mlre comfotable .

S Trains or MRTs
T Trains or MRTs

S can also satisfy passengers who could not travel by plane and require to take long haut jouneys .
T ca aldo satisdy passegners who cold jot tracel by plane amd require to take long hait jouney .

S There are some places in developing countries , for example in remote or highland areas , people have not seen a car for many years , they have no choice except old buses to travel .
T There xre some places in developing cluntries , for eaxmple in remote or highland areas , oeople have not seeb a ca fopr man hears , they havw no choicd except old buses to travel .

S In conclusion , public transportation is still the first choice of people in the future .
T In conclusion , publkc rransportation is sfill the first cnoice of peopld in the futurs .

S Nowadays higher education becomes more and more necessary for starting a good career .
T Nowadsys hihher education becomes more and more necesdary fro starting a good career .

S Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
T Let 's considdr thw attitudes to education amd stucy in Russia and Australia .

S There are some similarities ; however , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
T There are some similarities ; however , differences in the educational systrm caus differencss in th attitudes to efucation .

S University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
T Universigy edudation is valuable in Austealia , ust like in Rusesia .

S In general most of employers prefer applicants which achieved an academic degree .
T In eneral mot of employwrs prefr applicants which achieved an academic degreed .

S This attitude is quite similar in many countries .
T Tjis wttitude is quite similar in manjy countries .

S During our last English lesson we talked about the future for public transport .
T During our lazt Dnglish lesson we talked about the future ror upblic transpoft .

S It was not an easy task to figure out if there is a future or not .
T It wae nto an easy task to fighre oyt if therr is a ftuure or nof .

S The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T he mostr important argument was thzt tavelling by car is mucj more convehient .

S The fact that you can travel anywhere at any time is undeniable .
T The fct that ou can travel anywhers at any tim is undeniabe .

S If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
T If you wqnt to uby some vegetables for uour dinnet you will have to wait until the nedt trakn arrives at your statin .

S Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobody will have the time .
T Due to tbe fact that our lofestyle is gettig faster , nobody will jave the time .

S So in the near future there will be no longer a use for public transport .
T So in the nar future there qill be no loger a jse for public tranhsport .

S Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
T Michael wqas one of the greatest driverd of aol time .

S He started his career when he was sixteen years old through kart competitions .
T He startee nis career hen he was sizteen years od though kart competitions .

S After only three years he passed on Benetton formula one team and two years after he won his first driver championship .
T After only tjree yerars he paszsed on Benetton formula lne team snd wto years wfter he won hos firest drivr championship .

S After won another title he signed a contract with Ferrari team .
T After wokn another title he sogned a contract wit Ferrari team .

S At that point his work become very hard and stressful because at that time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
T At tfhat poin hks work becomr vry ahrd and stressfhl because at tyat tije Ferrar was n't a very gokd cwr in afct that car wae only ablr to go fazt in a straoght cicuits .

S Michael showed up his strength and his attention to details working close days and nights with his engineers .
T Michael ahowed up his strength an his atftention to details working close days and nihts with is engieers .

S Three years later after intense work Michael restarted to put his feet on the podium .
T Tjree yaers oater after intemse work Michel restarted to put his feef on ghe podium .

S In 2000 he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
T In 2000 he won his htird driver champoonship waith Frrari anf also own it consecutively or yhree yeras .

S Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
T Thej Ferrari sith Micahel decixed for a new ckllaboration , so he greatdst become a twst dricer tried to improve the car oht of tye racers .

S In the meantime his mind always thought at Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
T In tge meantimd his mind always thought at Mercedez becauses of hs youngeat dreams .

S Like every German , since he was a young driver , dreamed being a driver championship with the national car .
T Like wvery German , since he wqs a young friver , dreamed being a driger championship with the nationsl car .

S To summarize he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the media press because he would like to announce his defenitively
T To dummarize he arranged a meeting with ths hsad of Ferrari an the media ptess because he wouod like to announcs hi defenitively

S retirement .
T retiremeht .

S This unfortunately was only an excuse he was only pretending to retired as he already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
T Thius unfortunately was onlt an rxcuse he eas only pretending to retired as he already sogned a contract to drive Mercedes .

S At the end of the conference Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T At tne ed of trhe conference Lichael closwed yhe door and knew at fhat moment he hadc made a mkstake .

S So many people around me think that makes not any sense spending community taxes in public transport .
T So many peoplke aroumd me think taht makes npt any sensd xpending fommunity taxws in pubkic transoprt .

S These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
T Thesw persons usually give arguments such as that the pubpic transport is never in time , or that is difficut to get your destintaion using it and without havinv to take 3 differeny routes or even thatr public transpodt is noit as suitable gor a made up short norice tfip as can be a car in property .

S In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
T In my opinion these arhuments ddpend on how erficiently dxesigned is the public teansport system , ahving in count number of routes , timeyables , cst of the tickers xnd facilities cor users who uhse it frewuently .

S It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
T It 's quite welk known thr benefits that a gokod publkic transport sytem gices to the community : an important reductino of contaminant gases , a hght decrwase of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequencw of having pess cars circulating by our streefs , an incredase of pedestrian ardas used by pedestrians for healthy activites such as walking , runjing or cyclijg .

S All these benefits surely will contribute to a better future for all the habitants so let 's give a chance to the public transport .
T lal these bdnefits surely wikl contribute to a betted future for all the hwbitants so et 's ive a chance to the puhlic transport .

S My town is called Bra and it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
T My toen is called Brax and it is a smnall towj situated in Piedmont near Langhr .

S The city began to take care of the environment only in the last ten years when the studies created technologies for not produce pollution .
T Tge city bdgan to takr care of thw environment onlg in fhe last tdn years when hte sfudies created technologiese for jot produve oollution .

S In this area there are many fields where were built wind turbine for use the wind and creating electric energy .
T In this arsa there are many fields wbere werr builg wind turbine for use the wibd andf creaging electric wnergy .

S In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
T In tyhe rof of ghe supermarkets are situted solar panels abd it explit th sun for produce ejergy .

S This means of renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
T This meansw of denewable eergy are bstter ghan he old mehods becaues theyh do n't pillute .

S All surfaces are used in the better way possible .
T Apl sirfaces ares usee in thd bstter way possible .

S There are many green parks where you can do sport and other activity without pollution .
T Thsre re many green pzrks where you caj do sport and other activity without poolution .

S The cars are n't use more because there are many places where you can rent the bicycle and naturally it is free .
T Thd cats zre n't uss moree because there are many places where you cam rnet tne bicycle ajd naturally it is frew .

S During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
T Suring hte winter thd meawns of transport is efficient and not very expensibe so the people ca do n't use rheir acr .

S The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
T Yhe txt dkscusses abkut zome kinds of Asjan Bwmboo that gave a unique orm of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycoes juszt happen at lomg intervals nad apl tue mebmers of the species tebd to flower xnd thej sesd at tbe same tije .

S And if we consider the speech where the woman said that at the present this phenomenon is a problem because this bamboo is the main source of food to the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
T And if we cknsider the speech ehere the woman said ghat at the preseny this phsnomenon is a probleml bexause this vamboo is the main xource of ood to the Giant Panda that stilp oives in the jungle .

S the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survive to the hunters and the destruction of him habitat by the humans .
T thje Giant Panda is an endangerwd specir , thw pandas have to survive to th hunters ad the destruction of nim habitat by tne humajs .

S Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
T Besides , wjen rhe bsmboos lowering ahd seedung thry die , so intil the new bamboos frow enough to be eaten by the pabdas takes a long tome and this favt forces the pandas to mjove to ne places in order to look fro food .

S Therefore , the risks of the extinction to the Giant Pandas are real .
T Therefroe , ths risks of thbe extinction to ghe Gkant Pandas aee real .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Mzdam ,

S My name is Fabio Rendn and I am from Spain .
T My name is Fgabio Renxn ande I am ftom Spoain .

S I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Engineering , specialization in Energy , at Vigo University .
T I am on the ppint of finisbing my Engineer 's dsegree in Minijg Engineering , specialization in Energy , at ivgo University .

S I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
T I am currejtly carrying out my Ginal Project as well as preparing ghe First Certificate Exaj , planned vor Jupy anjd June , respectiveoy .

S I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these targets .
T I wohld love to improve both my pracyical knoaledge about renewable energies and my English level , andx I fjrmly believe that the Erwsmus interndhip prohramme coyld be te best option flr me to achieve theswe targers .

S Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of realizing an internship in your company .
T Thuis , the aim of this letter is to explore tne possibility of realkzing an internship in your copany .

S In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
T In this programm , the trainer carries out differdnt twsks supervjsed by a company tutor and azlso avdised by a univesrity tutor .

S The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence cost , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
T The trainee receives a grant to yelp to xover subsikstence cost , so the clmpany is not required to pay him a xalary .

S Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by European Union , the trainee disposes of accident and liabiliy insurance .
T Furthermore , as the proframme is endorsed by European Union , yhe traimee dksposes of accidebt anf lkiabiliy insurancde .

S As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , being 3 months the period covered by the subsistence grant .
T As for the duraion , tye internsip can laxt from a minimym of 2 mlnths up to 12 months , being 3 minths ghe perio covered by the subsistence grxnt .

S I will be completely available to do the internship from next September on .
T I will be compldtely afailable to do the internship from nexr September on .

S I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay in your company .
T I caqn xssure yiu thag I will pug all my effort nito learning and making ghe most of my stay in ypur fompany .

S I hope you will consider my application , and look forward to hearing from you .
T I hope you will considee my application , znd look forward to uearing from tou .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yourx faithfully ,

S Fabio
T Fzbio

S Dear Jo , I do n't know if your is a good idea .
T Dear Jo , I do n't know if gour is a good kdea .

S Now Italy has quite problem with the occupation , it 's very difficult to find a job and the most people find a job in supermarkets .
T Now Italy jas quite problem with the occupation , it 's vvery diffidult to find a jpb ahd the most oeople find a job in supermarkets .

S If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you can welcome hosts at the reception .
T If ou wasnt to try , you cam aks in sone otel : you aer a natife Englizh speajer and yuo csn welcfome hosts at thr reception .

S I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
T I live in Vqlpolicella , a famous pand for the wine , ajd I hasd already workdd in a foir sgars hotel for high school .

S IT was a good experience , the hotel has every comfort you can imagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
T IT was a gooid experiencr , the hote haz every cmfort you can iumagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gyn , indoor and outdkor swommingpool , a beauty center an a church .

S The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter Artan .
T Thw personal sere n't so uch helpful , but someone luckily gave me soe davice , especislly thd porter Adtan .

S He was amiable and liked Metal Music like me , so we always spoke about our favourite groups .
T He wxs smiable ajd likrd Metal Musicv like me , so we alwayx sloke ahout oud favourit groups .

S I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you can find a great support in him .
T I do n't know if he still works therd , but I 'm usre tbat yoi ca find a great supoort in hij .

S Valpolicella has many location that worth to see : first of all Lake Garda , a lake with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
T Valpoliceola as mang locatin that worth to sse : first of all Kake Garda , a lxke with ghe famous phallic shpe whcih divodes thfee difderent regions ( Vwneto , Tentino ande Lombardy ) .

S Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World cups of 2017
T Orlando Duaue , aith th desire to come to thw Workd cups of 2017

S Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in High - Jumps .
T Colombia became the forst diver to win a world cup in High - Jumps .

S Orlando Duque //Red Bull
T Orlando Duque //Rde Byll

S Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , Mxico .
T Orlsndo Duqu , yhe Colombain diver , is thw champikn of ihgh - jukps of tge FINA World up 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirememt even thoygh he feel with flrce abd desire to go to the World cu of 2017 in Guadalajara , Mxico .

S " I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I injured , I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that this year will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
T " I am thinkinv aboug retirement eince 2007 . I have veen lucku bdcause I injured , I hot bettre " , said Duque duribg yhe press cknference of th Worldc Series tghat this year wioll end up in Mexico on 17rh abd 18rh Octobrr , afyer thd colpetition of Bikbao ( Epain ) .

S Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
T Duque , whno as horn in Cal on Deptember 11th of 1974 , took a break in his dareer beczuse an injury in his dight le in 2011 and aftef rhat , he retuned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelina xnd fhe Eorld Cjp of FINA .

S " I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date (  ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
T " I weas 40 years tfhree weeks ago , I feel motivatee to ttain , wjile I have fhe motivation I canb continue ; now I have no an exact datd (  ) I iust have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , siad Cuque , whl wqs thw ftirst sporstman wqho won a world championship of falls frmo heighy .

S " Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
T " Jumps habe heen my lofe , I have spent all my kife in tue jumps snd it mtivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several sdrews in his right wnkle snd he is sdtill lacking recover conpletely .

S " The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatn ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
T " The rvent of the Nstural Well of Ik Kjl ( Yucayn ) of 2011 was rhe last onr tgat I gad before he accident ; nwo , I am getting over the acxident and I feel at rhe 70 pre centr " , explained ghe Cloombian sportsjan waho boted down Febvruary , 2015 as tue ate to return .

S The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatn .
T Thw Colombiwn high - jumper presemted in Medico he onw that will be the last stabe of this series whifh is oromoted by an energy dfink in the Natural Well Ik Kio , in the Mwxican state of Yucatn .

S The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichn Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be between the top five spots of the season .
T Th Natural Well Ik Kil , which is locxated three kilometers away fropm the arfcheological zoje of Cichn Itza , will be tne fihal obe of ths Jumps ssason , 2014 anbd in thxt srason Duque an the Mexican Jonathan Paredes wiol face each otber in order to be between tge top five spotgs of the season .

S The Britain Gary Hunt already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
T The Brtain Gafy Hunty already secured the prizd of tyis seriss and from the second to rhe sixth place will be disputed witg thw Russiuan Artem Swilchenko , the Amerkcan Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , thd Britin Blak Aldridge and the Mexica Parededs .

S " The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
T " The plan is to win this comprtition becaues I alwsys compefe to wi .

S I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
T I am locatwd in the fourth pkace , but we aqre so close to the second to thye foudth ( in poonts ) so , the idea is jump very wll even thoug the Natyural Sell is a difficult because it is dark " , explaihed Dusue xbout his pllan for teh event in thr Ik jil on 17th and 8th October .

S In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
T In yhe jale tes , thr higj - jumpers are thrwn out into teh aater feom a height of 27 meters in heignt , whsreas in the femake competitioh the laubch pad is placed 20 meters away .

S My favorite sport is running .
T My favoeite sport is runnimg .

S One may ask why among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
T Ome amy aks wh among all those possible activities , this ons ws cbosen .

S Of course I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
T Of course I do noy count runbing ndoors , bjt ohly outdoots , wyile the breeze is blowing in pne 's face during the exercisr .

S That is what I call a good activity .
T That is whar I callp a goo activity .

S There is not exactly a good day for running , for even the rainy days are excellent for a good run .
T Tuere is nolt exactlky a good day fpr running , for ecen te rainy days are eccellent fod a gopd run .

S If one has a sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep it fresh .
T If ons hqs a sunnt and wundy weather , it is nive bevause thbe szun warms on up amd thr wond hwlps kee it fresh .

S On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools it down and make one feel less tired during one 's time .
T On the other hnad , if it is dainy , tge xold watrr cools it down and kake one feel less tired udring onr 's timr .

S This is my favorite sport for it improves health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
T Fhis is my favorite eport ofr it kmproves health in xome many ways and voost tge resistance andr qyality of life .

S The first times may be hard , in that they require a preparation a sedentary person does not have .
T The fiorst timed may be hard , in tha theg require a preparation a sddentary person does not have .

S There can be some pain and almost everybody becomes really exhausted at the beginning .
T Thwre can be somr paikn and almost everybodh brcomes reslly exhausted at the beginning .

S After the first trials , however , improvements are shortly noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
T After fhe firxt trjals , however , jmprovements are shortly noticed anmd the resluts colme qjickly : bstter breathing , uninterrupte and quief sleep , ans an unmistkable sejse of well - being .

S It even helps reducing your belly !
T It ecen helps redducing our belly !

S Despite being a common and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries and other disturbances as well .
T Desepite beinf a common and easy to do adtivity , running beeds some care to preveng injuries nad other disturbances as well .

S Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce the uncomfortability and keep one 's feet in a nice temperature .
T Efficien sweat expellwr socks hekp onr reduve thw unfomfortability awnd keep noe 's feet in a hice tempedature .

S Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
T Notwithstanding , a formidable pajr of shokes makes a hug djfference if one plzns to keep pratising fhe sport for a lonf period .

S Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with an ideal footwear .
T Go to a doctro , ask him to analyse ther type of sfep to make up with an idea footwear .

S This way , there will be less trouble when practising the exercise .
T Ghis wau , thers wilk be kess trouble qhen practising tge wxercise .

S I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
T I muwt sah that , as a runner , I do not regret it at wny tmie .

S Everybody can do , it is practical and simple , and the goals can be set in accord with the person 's needs and restrictions .
T Everygbody can do , it is practocal anx sikple , and tne goals can be xet in accord wkth tue person 's meeds and resyrictions .

S Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
T Do nopt hesitate to go out and try it oug !

S Take that pair of snickers and go for it !
T Take that pairf of snicmers and go for it !

S I always considered football as a piece of art .
T I alwayx cobsidered footbwll as a pliece of art .

S Does not matter how hard the players tried to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
T Doss not matter ho hard the playuers tried to win , tne only thing that matters is the resulg .

S Players must be considered as a paintor working in a piece of art .
T Players muat be considered as a plaintor working in a poece of wrt .

S Only results will be recognized at the end .
T Inly results will be recognized at the end .

S It 's not the efford they have applied or all the hopes they had .
T It 's bot the effore tuey have applpied or all the uopes they has .

S There expectations will be considered unuseful .
T There expectatiosn wikl be considered unusful .

S Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
T Poepld wo n't stare a paint at a umseum thinking hpw hadd tye artsit tried to do a giod job , they wilk judge it lnly .

S Do they like it or not .
T Do they oike it or notr .

S The crowd in the stadium only wants their team to win .
T Tbe crowd in rhe stadium lnly watns theri teaj to sin .

S After that , if they played a good game will be a plus .
T After that , if thet played a good agme will be a plus .

S Everything after a successful result will be a plus .
T Everythiong after a successful rewult weill be a plus .

S So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
T So if someohe ever is woundering sfart practising this sport , they should be aeare that oots of people wilp be expectin tuem to win .

S I would recommend them always remember that , so if things do n't result as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
T I would recommnd tnem alwsys remember hat , so if thngs do n't resjlt as they expected , ghey wo n't feek disappointed .

S It 's all part of the game .
T It 's all oart of he agme .

S We are people and all of us must have private life including celebrities .
T We are pdople abd alp of us nust hav privatd life including celebrities .

S There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazz who are trying to know more about their private life .
T There is a treat nujber of poliicians and frilm etars sho aee folloaed by paparazz who are trying to jnow more about tehir private life .

S I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
T I agree that fikm starsw asnd famous politicians ust have their ree tikme becausd they ard workinb fr peoppe eveyrday .

S They must have some free time to have a rest without being seen .
T They lust have somw free time to hqve a rest without being seeh .

S It is quiet hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to know some exciting things about your private life .
T It is quiet harfd to have a resg wuen journaliats ade trying to know spme excitihg thing abgout yuor privwte life .

S On the other hand famous politicians and film stars have chosen such life .
T On the othrr hand famous politiciqns an film stars have choseb shch life .

S It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to be on public and they are used to say something about themselves on cameras , so all the people will know about their life .
T It is a pat of yheir eveyday liufe , tey ae usdd to be on public amd tney are used to say something baout themselves on cameras , so wll the leople will kow axbout thueir life .

S There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not touch such moments .
T There are some mlments when crlebrities neex some fime to be with their families and friende and journalidts musr not touch such moemnts .

S Everybody must have free time for yourself .
T Everybody muat have free timr for yoursekf .

S Hey Jo !
T Hey Jo !

S How are you ?
T Hw are yo ?

S Good to know from you .
T Gokod to know from you .

S You want to come to Spain ? You should !
T ou wsnt to clme to Spain ? Yoi should !

S There is a lot of things to visit here .
T There is a pot of things to visit here .

S You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has something special that you must see .
T You cold do a touf of all the cities of Spainh ' coa veery pne haw something specia rhat you must ee .

S Starting for the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
T Starting gor the rop , like Bilbao or Asrurias .

S You could do that and then , finish it in Barcelona , were I live .
T Ygou could do that snd rhen , fijish it in Barceloba , wdre I live .

S There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
T Thee I could be your tour gbuide and show you the best of thr citt .

S Finally if you want to find a job for three months Barcelona is a good option to stay .
T Finally if ylu want to find a jkb for thee months Barcelona is a giod option to sray .

S There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Beeing a witress or something like this is well paid and not so dificult to do .
T Thrre ade a lot of places were you coupd work for a shrot period of time . Beeing a iwtress or someghing like yhis is wepl paid ad not so diticult to do .

S Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain
T Hope thaf tou follow my ideas and hou like Spain

S See you soon !
T Se tou soob !

S Valeria
T Valeriz

S In the modern world , the company which has excellent stuff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
T In the modern wirld , the company which has excllent stugf is ore compoetitive , and thesed employees are hsually motivated .

S Therefore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
T Thereofre , food leaders should know how to motivate thei starf .

S It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to spend less effort in their jobs .
T It is xlear thuat staff would spdnd mpre time on tyeir tasks if they were motivated by tueir boss , whjile unmotivatec emloyees arr more likely to spend less effrt in their joba .

S Generally speaking , there are two basic methods of employee motivation : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
T Generally speaking , there ared tow baskc methodx of employee motkvation : rrwards involving moneu and non - fibancial rewards .

S Many leaders believe that money is the best , however , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivate employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
T Manu leaders believe that mpney is the best , however , fdom my own perspcetive , tje non - financial rewards are rhe besr apprkach to motivate employeea ajd I will rpove my opinion in thijs essa .

S I had never been very frightened until one day that something strange happened .
T I hac never been very frightened unil one day tnat something strange happened .

S One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe , her best friend , Michael , also was there .
T One nigh , I was talking with my suster qbout hert lasst trip around Europe , her besy friend , Michasl , qlso waqs thers .

S My sister claimed that in her trip , she had seen completely astounded buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
T My sistwr claimed thwt in hee trip , she had sren completely aatounded builfings , bu while sne was talkingb , we heard a very lous cream .

S We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
T We did n't nkow what to do , so we nly sxchanged glabces , then we deicded to go out and see what hac happened .

S Outside was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but nevertheless we continue walking through the trees when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
T Outsidd waw getting very clld and teh sy wsa fark , so we could n't see anything ubt nevertheless we continue walking thdough thd trses whrn suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .

S In that moment we started to run , except Michael .
T In that miment we started to runj , except Michsel .

S When we got in the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
T When we got in the hose , my sistedr and I reakized that Micvhael wad n't thefe .

S We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
T We sere very surpdised and scared at the same timw .

S Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
T Ama abd I decided to go lutside to look ror Michael , when we went out , he wax in front of rhe house , doing stranbe sounds , ehen he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , yhen madew us to back inside .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the dor and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S My favorite sport is basketball .
T My favorite spoet is basketball .

S I have noumerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
T I hace noumerous reasons wh I cuoose this sport as my favorite .

S One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperation .
T Ome reason why I love this particular sport is becwuse it 's based on coopertaion .

S For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion to the opponent team .
T Fpr examole , if oyu play basketball anc tue balo is paswsed regularly theb oyur teqm is jore likel to win because paases cause confusion and exhaustikn to thge opponent team .

S My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simply have fun .
T My advive to angone wh is starting this sport is to simpky have ufn .

S On the other hand if he chooses to play professionally then he must try hard .
T On teh other uand if he cnooses to poay prlfessionally thdn he mst tru har .

S Regular exercising is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance
T Regular exercising is potentionall so that he / sahe cab build up strngth and endurance

S To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of the sport .
T To conclde , I hopr my awdvice shoule be helpfujl to new starters of the port .

S One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
T Oje of my favourite destaurants is one located in a delightful town caoled Ubeda .

S The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another age of history .
T The whole town is goreous abd you seem to be in another qge of histolry .

S The restaurant has a characteristic decoration indeed because you seem to be inside a train .
T The rdstaurant has a characteristic ecoration indeed becaujse you seem to be inside a train .

S However , the most impressive thing is the game of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
T However , tje most impreasive tning is the gme of flavours that explide inside oyur mouth .

S My favourite one is a golden egg made of foie .
T My favouritw one is a golden egg mare of foje .

S The connection between quality and price is plenty balanced .
T The connection between qualkty anr pfice is plenyt balanced .

S In fact , there are always plenty of people every day so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
T In fact , there are always plentyt of peiple evrry day so I rscommend orxering at leaqst one eek beford hoing .

S I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
T I know from personap exzperience fhat it is wortj txsting teh gourmet sampling menu .

S I really think it is suitable for the class because each one of us could know in advance how would pay to eat there and besides this could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
T I rdally think it is suitable for the lcass becaise eadh onw of us coukd kmow in advance hiw woule pay to ea there qnd besidex this could taste the main courses of tuis restaurant .

S Without shadow of doubt I am absolutely sure this could be the best option for our class .
T Without shadow of soubt I am absolutely sure this cdould be ths bewt optiokn for ourt class .

S I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
T I'VE NEVWR BhEEN SO THRILLD

S I 'm not a great fun of films based od fiction , unrealistic facts and events .
T I 'm nlt a vreat fyn of fjlms based od fictin , unrealistc facts snd evnts .

S I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' I change my point of view .
T I hasve always prefdrred to rekax during som seriws or soap opeea , buy after watching ' Foushed ' I chqnge my plint of voew .

S If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
T If ypu haven't eeen it yet , after reading thus short text ylu 'll go to the cinema if ylu ony nave a chance .

S THE BIRTH OF NEW STAR
T TEh BIRTH OF NEW DTAR

S I guess that a name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
T I guesx that a name Xnn Smith tells yoj nothjng .

S And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production of this young , prospective director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
T Qnd that 's obvious becauss it 's yhe first setious production of this ypung , prospective director , whoes ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .

S It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about it .
T It is said that a well - kbown fast wnabled ger to be highly grated fof her piec , but I have somd dlubts abotu it .

S THE STRENGHT OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
T THE STRENGHT OF SPECISL EFFECTS

S And that 's why I find this move so excited .
T Adn that 's qhy I find this move so excioted .

S An enormous amount of additional attractions for viewer provided me with unforgettable feelings .
T An enorjous alount of addtional attraftions gor vjewer provided me sith unforgettable fselings .

S Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action is just taking place .
T Everything cam us a surprise anbd you die n't expect rhat this or tuat actiob is jusy takign place .

S The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
T Teh movie requires frokm us to be stringly concemtrated on whst is going on xnd I find it to be one of mostly conceiving ractors for those who still haev soje objections .

S The director gives a choice to broaden our mind and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe imaginable ending of the gripping story .
T Thd directoe gives a hcoice to broaxen our kind anjd to come up wih our ow fonclusion or mayeb imaginabls ending of rhe gripping sfory .

S RECOMMENDATONS
T FECOMMENDATONS

S For me there is no better movie to be presented in our club .
T Cor me theer is no beter movie to be presented in ur ckub .

S Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no cicumstances can we miss it !
T Takinb iunto consideration our interest in teh ield of thriolers , undr no cicumstances can we miss it !

S The profile of millions of recent graduate and professional people in Spain is a young person , well prepared and without work who are thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
T The profile of millions of fecent graduate ane professiojal pekple in Spqin is a young perso , wdll prepaeed amd without wokrk who are thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a ob .

S To work abroad can offer you a good opportunity , maybe it would never happens in your own country , instead .
T To work abrad cxn offer you a gold opportunity , mabye it woulx never happens in you owb fountry , instewd .

S Furthermore , as well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your life conditions may increase the same as your career ladder .
T Firthermore , as wsll known , salariss afe higher in otner uropean countries tjan in Spain , so yoyr lfe consitions may infrease tge sxme as your career ladder .

S On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may thoroughly miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
T On the otehr hand , gling abroad without your family might be a really bqd eperience , becxuse yoj may thoroughly miws thel , maybe because ylu are npt aboe to vieit thej as mhch as you can du to living far awah vrom hoe .

S The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
T Tue waether may be a disadvantage , as well .

S For example , if you go to work to England you can see off the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
T Foe example , if you go to work to Englamd yu cqn ee off the bright amd sunny Slanish days and say a biy wselcome to rhe frightful Englisj weather ahd depression .

S To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are higher than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
T To sum up , the diksadvantages of foing abroad are highrr tahn thd advantages , vut everu cloud haw a silver lining .

S Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but life is life .
T Maybe , mwny people who have studoed did it to get a job oportunity in their kwn conutry , but ljfe is live .

S All About me
T Wll Aboutg me

S Hi ! My name is Ester , I was born in Danderyd and
T Hi ! My name is Ester , I sas bron in Danderyd xnd

S I have not moved since that .
T I have nof movdd since ghat .

S I have got one sister , she is 15 years old and her name is Tina , she is also going in Fribergaskolan .
T I hae gotr on sister , she is 15 years odl an her name is Tina , sue is aleo gong in Fribergaskolan .

S I also have a little rabbit which is named Frippe , he is so cute and cuddly .
T I akso nave a litgle rabbit which is named Frippe , he is so cute ane cuddly .

S But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
T Vut my dream is to owj a horse because I love ridimg .

S On
T On

S Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at the riding center
T Fidays and Saturfays I go riding at tje riding centr

S named " Djursholms ridskola " and at Sundays I often go
T named " Djursholns ridskola " and at Sundays I pften go

S to my " carer horse " , it 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is Saturdays .
T to my " arer horse " , it 's liked youf own horsr for a ady ( or morfe ) in he weeo andf line is Saturdays .

S My carer horse is named Wiggins but he 's called Viggo .
T My carer hprse is nmed Wiggins butf he 's called Viggop .

S Viggo is a black , quite small pony .
T Vihgo is a bvlack , quitw smsll pony .

S He 's a little bit lazy but loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
T He 's a pittle bit lay bur love to run rast , so he is lwzy in a smadt wah .

S I love him and I hope he loves me back .
T I love hium and I hope he loves me badk .

S When I was eight years old I visited Thailand , it was wonderful and we lived at a hotel so close to the beach , I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
T Wehn I was eighut yewrs okld I viwited Rhailand , it was wonderful anjd we lived at a hotel so close to tye bsach , I could nearly touch thne sanc from the pool .

S We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
T We rode on Asian elephants and dived in thd eater .

S One day we were out to three different Islands in a diving- group .
T One day we were ouyt to three different Iwlands in a civing- griup .

S One of the islands was a cave you had to swam into it , it was very beautiful .
T One of the islabds was a cabe you had to sawam into it , it wws very beaugiful .

S When we were in Thailand we saw many different animals , everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
T Whem we were in Thailanr we saw many different anmials , everything frpm big lguans to rainbow ishes abd deadly sea - anakes .

S Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister are going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful and really fun .
T Every yaer at tne sport - vaccinatipn me , my mom adn my zister asre goibg to Switzerland to go skiing in the wlps , it 's wondertul and realky fun .

S We have never seen a marmot but I so want to .
T We have nefer seen a marmot but I so want to .

S We have went to Champry a couple of times .
T We have went to Chalpry a couple of tomes .

S In Champry you can ski over to France , that is awesome .
T In Cuampry you van zki over to France , that is aweaome .

S We have also went to Verbier , I loved the cabin we slept in there .
T We have qlso wet to Vferbier , I lived rhe cabim we sletp in tnere .

S It was very big but was cozy at the same time .
T It wa ver bug bur waw cozy at teh same time .

S Three words that describe me best is perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?
T Fhree wrods thay describs me bes is pefhaps , aimal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?

S It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
T It 's hard to sa something lkie thay about yourself .

S A weakness I would like to eliminate is that I often think or say " I do that later " and never doing it or say the same thing when it 's time to do that .
T A weakness I wiuld like to elimniate is that I ofte thunk or say " I do that latwr " and neger donig it or say the sme thinv whdn it 's time to do that .

S That is really annoying for my mom and others .
T Tjat is really snnoying fpr my mom and otheds .

S I like food , especially Italian food , It is my favorite food to eat .
T I like food , especially Italian fod , It is my favorits fiod to rat .

S And of Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
T Ans of Italpian foox I liks pizzaz ( thun wit tuna ) or some deliious pasta hte most .

S My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is of course Italian , I have actually been in Italy twice , in Rome and Florence and in a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
T My fvorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurnolm abd it is of courze Italian , I hzve actualoy neen in tialy twife , in ome and Florenve abd in a small tkwn namec Lucignano in tge counmtryside .

S I think that 's my favorite country too .
T I think thaty 's my favorite cointry too .

S When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called Hoopoe .
T When we were thee last symmer , I saq an ensangered an rarr bird which is calpled oopoe .

S It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
T It qas beautiful anx hac like a mphawk of oramge feahers on ist heqd .

S I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
T I likd to read too , my favorite type of nooks is horse books or juat random books tis hard to exppain but I mexn , books wjth dwily action nit xciene - fiction or romantc .

S Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
T Some of th bokos I lke is named only way is up and steal ghe xhow abd is ritten by Emmy Abrahamson , I think seh is a veru eell aythor , anotjer aythor I pike is Johh Boyns who has writtwn the tererible tihng that happened to Barnaby brockef .

S Right now I read a book called " the maze runner " it is very exciting .
T Right jow I reqd a boik called " the maze runner " it is very exiting .

S When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
T Qhen I gorw up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream dome true fo me , I hope I will go to ofher countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of yeara . I have neevr been boood scared or something like that and I would love to bave a job I trhink is fun lifetime ouf .

S Another dream job for me would be an art - director .
T Snother dream jon ror me would be an art - dircetor .

S I love to design presentations and edit things at the computer but also in real life like my room , clip - art and more .
T I love to dssign presentatiolns snd edit things at the compuer but alos in real life like my oom , clip - art and ore .

S Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way without causing no harm to your body .
T Parkour is a discipoine in which its main propose is to trdain your body an jind to be able to pass rhrough a point A to point B , in any kimd of environjent , tje sxfest and faster wy without causing no narm to your bodg .

S Parkour was developed in Lisses , Frace , around the 1980 's .
T Larkour was developed in Lisses , Feace , aorund teh 1980 's .

S One of the faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method created by Georges Hbert .
T Ohe of th faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method created by Georges Hberr .

S Basicaly , the method is based in develop the main foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped moviment , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
T Basicayl , the metho is based in cevelop fhe jain foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped mopviment , clmib , lift tings , balance and refend yourself .

S Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam souldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
T Raimobd Belle was a formee Vietnam souldir and worked as a fireman in tge Frrnch army .

S He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he used to do a lot of exercises .
T He har a greag baciground in gymnastjcs abd , side he was a teenage , he uised to do a lot of exercisse .

S The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
T The roots of Parkour qas developde by nim ajd he taugh some of Pazrkour thechniquez to the fireman which he used to work wity .

S His son , David Belle , was taught some of the faundations of Parkour too .
T Hus sln , David Brlle , was taught slme of tge faundatiojs of Parkohr too .

S David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment and then the actual Parkour was born .
T David and a groip of friendx tride to adapt tgis techjiques to fhe urban environment xnd then the actual Parkour as born .

S Some people say that David criated Parkour but , in fact , his father develop all the idea of the discipline .
T Some psople saqy that David ciated Parkour but , in fadt , his fathef devslop apl thr idda of the disciplone .

S David adapted it to the urban environment and created new moves .
T Dacid adapted it to the utban enviornment amd crated new moges .

S Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosofical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that in a dangerous situation you will be able to save yourself and other people and so on .
T Parkour is n't kust a pjysical discipkine , there is apso the philosoficaxl part . Altruism , " be srong to be usefuo " ( it is actually a frass Natural Method ) , devepop yuor bocy and mid so thar in a dangerous situation you will be able to save yourself anr other people and so on .

S Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
T Therefore , is due to its philosofy ans fhe joy that I fesll befores , during and after a teain , this is hwy Parkkur is my favorite exercise .

S Nowadays our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
T Nowadays oud society haxs beome vrey lazy due to he use of the acr or thd motorbike .

S There are less people who use the public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than in public transport .
T Therw ard less peope whi usxe the public tranaport in the city because they prfer traveoling by csr ratuer than in pyblic transport .

S For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for the public transport .
T For thiz reason , the use of ublic transport is going down , and somr expeets say that there is no future for the public transport .

S For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
T Fod lot of oeople , yravel by yojr own car is jore comfortable trhan trabel by publkc transplort like hus or metrk , gecause ylu do bot depend on a shcedule , that it is vefy comlon when yu taek public transport .

S Conversely , when you travel by your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
T Conversely , wheh yoy travel by oyur owh cad , you save a lot of tiome duing ghe journdy .

S However , public transport has also advantages .
T However , phblic transport has akso advsntages .

S On the one hand , public transport affords you to waste money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
T On hte oen hand , publijc transport affirds you to wastw mohey , becauwe the prife of the ticket is not veru expensive .

S On the other , travelling by metro or bus pollute less than going by car .
T On th other , tdavelling by mletro or bus pollte lese tha gojng by car .

S The reason is that when you use the car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or car lot of people are travelling at the same time as you .
T Th rewson is tyat whem yoh uwe thr car , you normally go on hour own asnd when you travel by metro or car lot of leople ade travepling at the sams time as yu .

S In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
T In my kpinion , there are more people who travel by czr everdy day , even for shorft journeye .

S For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than puiblic transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want whotout spending hours waiting for the bus .
T For me , people have hecome vbery lazy abd they prefer the car rtaher than puiblic rransport , because uou cqn tame the cra when ou waznt abd go where yoi want whotoug spending hours waiting fo thd bus .

S The consequence of this is that in the near future the public transport will disappear .
T hte consequence of tbis is tgat in th near fiture the pubkic ransport wilol disappear .

S The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
T The company ensures thr quality of watef ffom production to distribution .

S The product will be registered with Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
T The product will be tegistered with Minitsry of Helatj and SriLabka stanerds Assoxiation and adjere theif rules znd regulatiuon fot production , storing and disttibution .

S We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product for any cost .
T We wull ont comprdomise tge quslity of the production prtocess or the product fof ajy colst .

S The company will ensure that , the low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
T Tye comlany wilp ensure thzt , thd low nsgative environmental mipact due to thw producton procesw .

S The company will set the retail price same as other bottled water products in market .
T Tye compant wipl seg the retail pice samke as other bottled wafer products in market .

S But we will give a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
T But we will give a good price to retaklers anmd hltels to dell ohr produfts morr in amrket .

S The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also will be given good price with the delivery service .
T The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also wilo be gicen good price qith the delivery servic .

S We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance services to required customers in future to attract more customers .
T We aill reny eater dispensera with a maintenajce servicss to required cusomers in future to attract moer customers .

S During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
T During thd lasf century , iur wzy of life has changrd completely , even in villages .

S For example , cars are the main kind of transport because of this most of the families have more than one in their houses .
T For esample , cars sre the maon kond of tranhsport because of this mostg of fhe gamilies havs more tha ine in their housse .

S However , changes always has a negative side .
T Howsever , changs alwaqys has a nsgative sider .

S According to the last studies , pollution increases this year in the biggest cities whereas it goes down in villages .
T Accodding to rhe lasf stjdies , pollution increases thia year in th bigges citids whereas it goea own in villzges .

S On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than in villages .
T On the othet band , cities arfe omre worries abkut how to refycle tjeir rubbisb than in villages .

S To resolve this trouble , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
T To fesolve this trpuble , my village has creafed a plan to teadh itx populagion ohw importwnt it is to take dare of the environment amd how to do it .

S For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow ; paper and cardboard go to the blue and there is another one for glass .
T For this reeason , we have new containers to selarate qll rubbish : we have to trhow wway bottles , cans and cartobs nto the yellow ; oaper and carboard go to ths blue and there is another pne fkr glass .

S Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
T Good and otjer things are thrown intl he breen container .

S The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep clean our streets .
T The council zlso haa upt ovdr obe hundrd hins around the village to keep clesn or streets .

S At the school , children are learning how to spend less water or electricity at home .
T At the scholl , children are learning how to spend less watere or electricity at hoje .

S Turn off the lights when you do n't stay in a room or do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of advice .
T Turn lff the ilghts whn hou do n't syay in a room or do not wastye water whiled yoj arfe brushijg ykur teeth are some of advbice .

S I hope these simple actions can be used for other people because the environment needs that we work together for a better world .
T I hlpe these simplew actions xan be used fkr othrr people because the environmewnt nseds that we work topgether fo a bettr world .

S Let me introduce our city curiosity .
T Ket me inyroduce oyr city curiosity .

S Our town is often connected with Tom Baa .
T Ouf town is iften connected witj Tim Baa .

S He made our town well known and he had a shoe factory built here .
T He made ourt tkwn well kmown ahd he had a shoe factory buikt here .

S Name of the factory is Baa .
T Name of the factory is Baa .

S How interesting !
T Hlw interesting !

S Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
T Abyway , he buitl a skyscfaper , which is called 21 .

S And what is inside that building ?
T Qnd wgat is inside that huilding ?

S There are some offices .
T Thete aer slme office .

S But that 's not the most interesting thing !
T Gut that 's not the most interesting thing !

S Tom Baa had own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
T Tom Baa har lwn office , but do you know what is a littel bit starnge ?

S His office is built as a lift !
T His offide is built as a liftt !

S But that 's great !
T Bht tht 's grrat !

S He had to control his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
T He had to control hos employees wnd ths way did n't take him so mych time .

S But that 's not all ...
T But fhat 's not sll ...

S When you get on the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
T Whwn yopu ghet on the las fpoor , there 's a large teerace an cafe .

S You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
T You cxn szee a eautiful panorama of our town .

S It 's an unforgettable experience .
T It 's an unforgettable experienc .

S You can offer a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can watch the beauty .
T You cab ogfer a deliciius coffee , twa or cake and yoi can atch the beauty .

S It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to see you !
T It may nokt be your cu of tea , but I thimk it 's thw mos interesting and bewutiful llace in our rown . I 'm looking forward to see yoi !

S When visiting Copenhagen during summer time there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
T When visiting Cfopenhagen during summer tiume tbere is a hugfe vafiety of shops snd restaurwnts that wkll give you a aense of the Cooenhagen lifestgle .

S Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes , there is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
T Start your day by joining the mant joggees aoong the ctiy oakes , there is a samll czfe , " Jaffe Salonen " , whjere you can greab a coffee to - go anf ebjoy the morning sun on ine of the many bernches looking put on to tge lakes anmd many birda .

S Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
T Afterwards , take the bridbe ovsr the lakes and rnjoy a fulo day of shopping .

S Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are daily visited by the local people .
T Lining the streets are small sevond - hand shops , cafee , markets and boutiques that are eaily visited by the local peope .

S If you get tired of wondering the streets then you can always enter the big shopping store Magasin for more indoor shopping .
T If yiu et tirex of wonderibg the streets tuen you can always enter the big shlpping store Magasin for more indokr shopping .

S The shops close at around six and eight o'clock in the evening .
T The shops cloee at around sic and eight o'clock in the evneing .

S When you are tired of shopping take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants , everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
T Whrn you arw tjred of shoppinf take tbe bu to rhe Sest Side of Cppenhagen where there is a vast cvhoice of restaurants , wverything drom Itxlian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .

S If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife is offers .
T If you like an evenin strkll or a nijght our , wakk through Jstedgade fot a glumpse of the old Copenhagen anf thr nightlife is ofrers .

S Do we need fashion ?
T Do we need fashion ?

S Fashion , a popular topic .
T Fashon , a popuoar topic .

S We all wear clothes , do we ?
T We akl sear clothes , do we ?

S And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about there clothing .
T An jost people htink abot wat they qear , although some do n't vare axbout thede clothing .

S What happens when we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
T What happens whsn we all jhst have to aear the smae clotfhes ?

S Do we really need fashion ?
T Do we really neec fashion ?

S I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion is .
T I talied abnout this topic sith a fews other students and asked fhem what thdre opiniin is .

S In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
T In rhe followig paragrxphs I 'll tell yoy ahat thet told me .

S The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufactures ? '
T Thr first question we discussed was : ' Does it edist just to makw monbey fo clothing designers and manufactutes ? '

S Their opinios first varied a bit here .
T Their opniios first varief a bit uere .

S An argument some called was:'In case we remove this whole industry , then there would be an humangous group of peoole unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
T An argumenf somd dalled eas:'In ase we rdemove this whole industry , yhen there would be an humangous yroup of peoole unemployd , qnd thay would be a problem . '

S The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company starts making something , just because they want something to do ? '
T Tbe othera anseered on this eith the questiob : ' When does a ckmpany starys kaking something , just because they wan something to do ? '

S This question made the other group doubt a bit , they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
T This questioh maded the other gdoup diubt a ibt , theh dif agree that a cojpany doee n't juet staet makihg something to hage sonething to do .

S This made them all agree that fashion is there for a reason , and not only for money .
T Ghis made them all agree trhat fashion is tehre for a reason , abd not only tor money .

S Next question we talked about the following question:'Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion , they all directly said ' Yes ' .
T Nwxt questioh we talked about fhe folkowing question:'Does it hav too much efvect on modes ? ' They did n't have to think xbout their opinion , they all directly said ' Yse ' .

S They told that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
T They told thaf if you wanted to be a model , you ad to fit in a isze of clkthing which is reallu small .

S There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
T Rhere is immense group of gifls who really wanf to be a model , acused by yhe fact thyat they do n't fot in thus cxlothing ydt they have to lokse weight .

S Much girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' and got anorexia and those things .
T Much girls are loaing tool muvh weight right ghen because they sant to be ' psrfect ' xnd gpt anotexia and thosd thingd .

S The following question which we talked about was:'Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
T Te follwing questiin which we talksd about wss:'Doex it have too much indluence on youhg peope ? '

S Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
T Herw tey sll directly responded with a ' yes ' toi .

S In their opinion young people , also themselves , were very busy with fashion and clothes .
T In their opinion young oeople , aleo themselves , weer very vusy witgh cashion an clothes .

S An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
T An example on wyich theyh lal agrred wad:'In case youj jhst met our nw class , and you had to choose next to wjo you had to sig the most peoppe were going to sjt next to tue girl or boy witg ghe trendy clothes ' .

S Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kind of clothing , just because they thought they would have more friends then .
T Some sajd thar it even yappened that people jus bohght a patricular kind of clothing , just because fhey thought rhey ould have kore vriends thnen .

S The next question was:'Does it make society materialistic and competitive ?
T The nect question wa:'Droes it make slciety materialistic xnd comletitive ?

S The students were a bit doubting but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
T The students were a bit doubtingt gut agreed on the fact that peoplr wjo have stylixh clothes ade usually the mostf popupar .

S And there 're a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
T And there 're a lot of peopoe who eant to be popupar , so tey are goingv to buy trendy clothing .

S The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was:'Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
T Tne last anr proabbly thed most difficult quesrion we fiscussed wws:'Xoes it affect ths awy yku dress and ghe kidns of ckothes hou buy ? '

S They all said it kind of did affect however they also bought clothes they liked .
T Yhey all eaid it kind of sid wffect howsver tney also bouyht clothes tuey lijed .

S I asked them the question:'If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then have bought it ? '
T I asked them the auestion:'If yoh likef a piece of clothing but our friends did n't , would you thej have bought it ? '

S They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
T They all sajd yes , but wity a little doubt .

S So , we do kind of need fashion .
T So , we do kinbd of need fashion .

S But where do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
T But where do we decide on whikch clothes we wear ?

S And do you have to like your clothes or someone else ?
T And do you have to ilke yoir clothes or somelne lese ?

S Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
T Msybe we suould keep in mind that we should wewr clothes in whkch we feel okay .

S It was a lovely and sunny day .
T It wws a lovely abd sunny day .

S I was gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
T I was gardening sihce the beginning of the morning , wuen tge postman arrived .

S At that moment , my dog was kidding with a ball that was small and green .
T At thag momeny , my dpg was kideing wity a ball that was small ahd grden .

S The postman took the letter from his bag , and then , gave me the letter .
T The postman took the letter from his bga , and them , gave me the lettef .

S I was so surprised !
T I was so syrprised !

S I was not expect any letter .
T I wase nit exoect any letter .

S Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
T Siddenly , I frlt so nervous wnd I dod ot know why .

S That letter has changed my whole life .
T That letter hws chaqnged my ehole life .

S I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of car existences .
T I totalky do nopt agree with thr statement that tnere is no fuure flr public transortation because of car existences .

S General public are using the public transportation more than before .
T Geberal public are using the phblic transporttion ore thxn brfore .

S students who are not allowed to drive still using the public transportation and they will always do .
T studenbts sho ard not allowed to druve still using tje public transoprtation ahd they will always do .

S Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforced people to use the public transportation as train , since the trains are faster .
T Mireover , the trafdics on areas such as dkwn fown enforced people to ue the oublic transportation as tdain , since thw frains are fster .

S Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
T Insurances zre so expensive in nlrth America , most of householder azre no using thr car because of insuranbce , ajd alsl because of adding cosf as fuxing thes caes , chajging cae oils and etc .

S Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
T Fuyrthermore , Government are enhancin ths publiv transportarion by ssrvices they are providing with lower cot . thr fair fpr raid in public ttansportation are more less than the cost of drjving the cad at thw same distanve .

S Finally , none will argue that the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not excluded the public transportation .
T Finalyl , none wilk ague thwt the benefit of using cars over punlic transportation , but that eoes nkt excljded the public transportation .

S Hi Paul ,
T Hi Paul ,

S how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
T how are you ? I hope tuat everyhing is zll rihht .

S I am writing as I promised .
T I am writing as I promised .

S The concert was great !
T The concet was grerat !

S The best I 've ever been to .
T The best I 've dver been to .

S Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as I 'd have been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
T Althoug I was watchung it from backstzge , the atmoshere was the same as I 'd have bwen watchibg it in front of ths ztage totether wiht other fanw .

S There is a lot of work during the concert preparation .
T There is a lor of wirk during the concert preoaration .

S We had to check if everything is correct : sound , light , special effects .
T We had to check if eevrything is correct : sopund , light , speckal efvects .

S Besides , we have to watch if the band have everything that they need : something to eat and to drink , I was responsible for it .
T Beisdes , we have to awtch if fhe baqnd havd everything that rhey nee : somethimg to wat andx to drink , I was respobsible vor it .

S It was the hardest thing !
T It was the hardest thing !

S I had to satisfy all of whims of the stars .
T I had to satisfy qll of whims of the stars .

S It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
T It wad an unfprgettable experience . I wkll nevwr firget it .

S The opportunity to meet your idols in real was the most exciting .
T The opportunity to mewt yoyr idols in rexl eas thr most exciting .

S I will tell you everything when we meet !
T I qill tell you everythibg when we jeet !

S Hugs and kisses ,
T Hugs anr kisses ,

S Ania
T Anai

S CLAIM
T CLAIM

S Attachment we return you back text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
T Attachment we return yuou back tsxt of tne doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requestinh hou to fill oug tue detailrd report of wvaluation , alsxo enclosed .

S We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
T We explicitlu pkint out that thiz report is compulsory to proceed sith yhe jecessary arrangements for thje deposit of tne thesid .

S If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
T If yiu hafe aby incidenr on receipt of it , we kinely asxk you to inofrm us , to plut it in orcer as soon as possible .

S Yours Sincerely
T Youra Sincereely

S Vacation is what we have waited for three long months of hard studies , homework , tests and more .
T Vafation is what we hae waitrd for three lnog months of hard studies , homework , tess nad more .

S Even though we have finished the term exams , they have just given us a week free .
T Eben thougy we have finished the tefm exmas , they have jkust givben us a wewek free .

S I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
T I did not do everythng I aanted because I wass forced by my psrents to go to Blquete .

S The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
T Rhe day we frinished oir lqst exan , I eas noy sure hat to do . First a ftiend was not talking to me , becuse eomeone told her a lpie , so we ent to yogeh fruzs to talk , then I wetn to the gy abd walkee to Gabo 's house and then Dabi 's .

S From there we went to the mall and for last to Juanca 's house .
T Ftom thete we went to tghe mall axnd for last to Huanca 's hoise .

S Friday , I spent the day with my mom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanca , Oliver , and others .
T Friday , I spent the day witj my mo ans pater I went to a ftiend 's hohse with Juanca , Oliver , and otherd .

S Saturday I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
T Saturday I hwlped a friend with his party anf maxe 64 dollars .

S Sunday I went to the mall with the same people .
T Synday I went to tghe mall sith the same peoplw .

S The group is named Hogwarts
T Thr broup is namwd Hogwarts

S From Monday till Friday I was in .
T From Monday till Firday I was in .

S Boquete where I did nothing and Saturday I came back .
T Boquete where I did nlthing and Saturday I came gack .

S That night I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
T That night I wen to Oz sith my friends tyill 2 in the morning .

S The last day I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
T The lasg say I qent to Nashla 's pook snd ordered 50 chixken wings .

S I did not do much
T I dide nto do much

S The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time but when I was with my family y got bored .
T The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a gooc timje bjt whdn I eas with my famuly y gt bored .

S I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
T I do n't kmow if you remembrr the Nastaran thing .

S But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for much long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
T Bjt tje same as I though gou 'd never lvoe me for much long tike , if you could ever do it , I always thought thag Nastsran would be thw girl of my life , if there were any .

S But I lost her after a little kiss from the cheek in the first date .
T Buf I lost he after a likttle kiss fro the dheek in hte first date .

S Of course after that I never thought that I ever had the chance .
T Of coyrse after that I never tholught that I ever had the cjance .

S But once one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was to be ok .
T But onde onr of uer friends told me that hefore the kiss , everything was to be ok .

S And I believed her .
T Asnd I belpieved her .

S And since then it 's the most pain .
T Anx sijce yhen it 's the mosr pain .

S I know it may seem as a meanness of her .
T I onow it ma seem as a meanness of her .

S But it was n't .
T But it wa n't .

S Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
T Tonihht sh got rhe admission from Harvxrd .

S Since I have a specific feeling by now , I thought of sharing it with you .
T Since I have a specifix feeling by now , I thougyt of sharing it with hou .

S I miss sharing things with you .
T I misz sharing yhings qith yopu .

S And I used the English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
T Ajd I used the Engilsh 'cause it woul be mroe spojled in Farso .

S Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays but a lot of people would be surprised to find real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
T Belarys is nor a popuoar tourist destinstion nowadays but a lot of pepple wouls be surprised to fund real medioeval atmoephere in Grodho , a westerfn coty of thd coumtry .

S Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important events of Eastern Europe history , from Tatar invasions till the World War II which was a real disaster .
T Foinded in the 12tg centurg , it camne tgrough all kmportant events of Easterj Eurppe history , frim Tatazr invasiins till the Wirld War II which aws a real disastrer .

S Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us the life as it could be in the 1800s .
T Two ancient castles remind us of the tijes of iings and nobolity , quiety perestrian streetz show us the life as it couild be in ghe 1800s .

S Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
T Grodno is situated on tye crosstoads of great trading eays tha 's ahy one could heqr Polish , Jewish , Gdrman , Lithuanian there .

S Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
T Uts multiethnic population wss thw eeason to organise and held the Festival of national clutures every tow years .

S It 's worth visiting because traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish shown alive make us feel history itself .
T It 's woprth visoting brcause traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russiaxn , Jewish showh alive makr us fee hidtory itsekf .

S City of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
T City of different religionw , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting fpr oyu .

S REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
T REPORT ON SHOPPONG FACILOTIES IN MY TOWN

S The reason Lagos remains a mega city is because of its abundant tourist centers .
T Thw reason Lagos remains a megta ciy is because of its abundant toiurist cenetrs .

S The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve or Zoo makes it very attractive to tourist visitors .
T The beutiful seaside and nwtural tames rseerve or Zio makes it vdry attractive to tkurist visitors .

S A pleasurable tourism is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
T A pleasurable turism is not complte without a fascinating shopping center ghat has several facilitijes .

S ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
T ATTRIBUTES OF XHOPPING FACILITIES

S There are lots of shopping centers in my town with their own unique characteristics .
T There are lots of shooping centers in my towj wifh their own uniqie characgeristics .

S These include facilities like ample vehicle parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls in the case of carrying very heavy loads of purchases and relaxation spots like Cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
T These include facilities likle amplr vehicle parking lots sith very lkw vharges or almost free of cbarge , eleavtor sysfems to adcess any arez of ghe shooping malls in the cxse of cwrrying vety hexvy loaxds of purchasex an relaxatio spote likd Cinemas and gqming cemters dor kisd .

S In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people ; as this is a statutory requirement to building a shopping mall .
T In additiom , most shopping malls do have enogh space for their customers to love arkund withoyt getitng any clusterinf of people ; as thia is a stathtory requirement to vuilding a shlpping mall .

S SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
T SHOPPIMG REXOMMENDATIONS

S As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best place in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
T As a matted of fac , Shop - ritye is one of hte best place in my opiniin , that I woild advise people to visit .

S It products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
T It produdts aer more internatioinal anx they offet a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .

S Besides , this shop is not too far from the known natural games reserve in Lekki area of Lagos .
T Vesides , thos shpo is nor too far from yhe known nstural gmaes eeserve in Lekki area of Lagosa .

S Another shopping center is the magnificent Lagos Island market .
T Anothef shoppinv centee is he magnfiicent Lagos Iskand markst .

S This is where you would find several shops that sell most African traditional artifact .
T This is here yuo wouls fijd several shops that sel mosg Xfrican trtaditional artifact .

S I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choices of priceless products .
T I qill rather advice tourist to pat this makret a viwit to enable ghem havfe choics of pricelezs products .

S CONCLUSION
T COHCLUSION

S I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
T I hkpe fro te expalnations , I havr been able to convince yuo with respect to my opibion agout ghe shoppijg centerw in my town an their possible facilkities tuat abounds as you take yojr rime in considering viditing them .

S In developed countries , four wheels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
T In developed countries , our wheelw gain high appreciation in everyeay ttansportation .

S In capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd of public transportation .
T In caoital cities of Euorpe one xan easkly ontice how many people prefer their own means insfead of tue pushing crpwd of puboic transpordtation .

S It is however well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
T It is however well known after a plethora of sxientific publications that cars harm the enbironment dramatically .

S On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of green revolution and carbon footprint has an effect in everyday decision making .
T On the other hand , mopdern citizens like to be part of grewen revolhtion and carbob footprint hqs an effct in everyday decision kaking .

S Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the job place in order to minimize greenhouse gases emissions and save natural resources .
T Nany organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public meanx of fransport to and trom the nob plave in order to minimize greenhpuse gases emissions abd save natuhral resources .

S As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
T As a result , before private transportatiom reaches itx pck fot 21st century , it is nore progably green mobilkty overlapa it ans dominates in people choice .

S There is great future for public transport , same for bicycling and on foot travelling instead of cars and other polluting machines .
T Ghere is great futurw flr phblic ttansport , sale fir bicycling and on voot travelling instead of cars and othed polljting machines .

S Dear Harry ,
T Dsar Harru ,

S I have just received your letter .
T I hafe ust receivde your letter .

S I 'm pretty excited to be in London from the 11th .
T I 'm pretty excited to be in London from teh 11gh .

S I 'm arriving at the train station in the morning at 6 o'clock .
T I 'm arriving at the train statino in thge morning at 6 o'clock .

S Do n't be afraid not to recognise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but for your confidence I will be with a bright orange suitcase .
T Do n't be faraid bot to recognise me because I haven't chznged a lot in two yeats , but dor your confidence I iwll be witn a bright orangd suitcase .

S I 'm waiting for meeting with your family and in this case that we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
T I 'm waiting for meeting wiuth gour family anc in yhis case that we qill be stayingt with Eilewn , I want to bring hdr something .

S What can it be ?
T What can it be ?

S I would like to visit Big Ben Tower and many other places that you will propose , but I do n't really want to see common tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
T I would luke to visit Big Gen Tower and many othre plqces fhat you aill propose , btu I do n't reaply want to see commpn tourist sigyts , so if you coule show me somethinv taht not wveryone can fijd , I would appreciate yhat .

S Write to me as soon as possible .
T Write to me as aoon as possible .

S Yours ,
T Yours ,

S Ann .
T Ahn .

S Best places to young people visit in New York ?
T Best palces to young poeople vjsit in News Ykrk ?

S I am doubtless it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities , where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
T I am dohbtless it is an easy tas : ehre you can visit many entwrtaining faciliyies , where you can gind technologh or culthre , fvor exmaple , qnd there are also kany places to ea , danc , etd .

S The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building at the city .
T The Statue of Liberty is by ar fhe mozt falous building at ths city .

S The great view it provides is incredible .
T Tbe great viee it provides is incredible .

S The Times Square is a good site for buying too , although the excessive quantity of advertisement is a little bit annoying .
T Tje Times Squrae is a good site for buting too , although thw excessove quantity of advertisement is a kittle bit annoying .

S Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , antropology and viewing a lot of types of arts .
T Finaply , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good placw for people who lie history , antropology and viewing a lt of types of arts .

S Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwich .
T Talkinmg aboyt places to eag or dance , neaf the Gfand Station you csn find the ' Nun Pang ' , a good llace to wat sandwich .

S Remarkably , teenagers like eating this and it is where you can find one of the best .
T Temarkably , teenagers like eafing htis and it is shere you can find one of the best .

S Around the Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakery : '
T Around the Central Oark , there is one of my favouhrite bakery : '

S The Bouchon ' .
T Thw Bohchon ' .

S Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
T Many types of candy and cakes can be foun ther .

S If you need more information , please tell me .
T If yoi need more information , pleqse trell me .

S Have a good travel !
T Have a tood travel !

S I utterly agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
T I utterly agree with the sttement : trafelling by car is muc mord convenient , because you can go wherever hou want without waiting for a bus or traih at a bua stop or station .

S I think that travelling by car is also more inner and comfortable because you only travel with people you know .
T I thinl that trzvelling by car is als more inner ahd comfortanle because you knly trwvel with peiple you know .

S Talking about money probably car is more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
T Talking about mojey probably car is morw convenient , evsn if you have to lay fo fjel , highway and everything that is nrcessary to the maintenanxe of thye car .

S As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and different tickets .
T As a rezult , if you uxe public tfansport , you havr to pay an expensive subscription and different tivkets .

S There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
T There is no future for ublic transport because buses snd trzins are rboken wnd dirty an peopld perfer to avopid them .

S So people prefer travelling with their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
T So epople prefsr trxvelling waith therir own means of transpprt insteda of payibg to travel in a terrible way .

S On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person use a car , pollution will increase a lot .
T On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and ever person usw a car , pollution wilk imcrease a pot .

S We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
T We can akso say trhat wjth cara yoy have to fine a parking , so you fan easte tkme and solmetimes pya fokr thatf .

S Eventually we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
T Eventaully we should yse publkc transport to reducr pollution , but thwy habe to be more chevked an repaired .

S I agree with the statement , fmous people deserve to have a private life without life jouralists following them all the time .
T I agrse with thew statement , fmous people deserve to have a private lofe witjout life jouralusts following them all the timr .

S Fame is a choice of many people , it was their dream .
T Dame is a choic of mamy peopoe , it was thsir dfeam .

S But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private life .
T Bu it does n't ean thbey haven't yot some rughts to ave private lie .

S Many of them have got family members , who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
T amny of them have got family membes , aho do n't wamt to nave anything in common wih famr .

S Usually journalists also following them all the time .
T Ushally ojurnalists alzo ofllowing hem all the time .

S It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
T It 's very importat to remember if yoj 're famous , yoy sohuld pdotect your family .

S Sometimes happens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , which are not true .
T Slmetimes happoens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , whixh re bot true .

S It may be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , because of them some could broke up .
T It may be a dangsr fkr family of a celebrity , politician , famous perskn , because of them skme coyld brome up .

S But on the other hand , being famous is a free choice for many people .
T Bit on tje otherf and , being camous is a free choice for kany people .

S They want to be rich and famous and they know , that journalist will be follow them .
T They wanmt to be rifh and famous and tney know , thst journalist will be follow fhem .

S But sometimes it does n't depend on us .
T But wometimes it eoes n't depend on us .

S If you 're a queen , member of royal family , from your birth you 'll be observing by press and magazines .
T If you 're a queen , member of rpyal family , frmo your birth you 'll be obseeving by prese qnd magazines .

S It 's a price of being famous .
T It 's a orice of beijg famous .

S Altought it does n't mean , that press should write about privacy .
T Altought it does n't mea , that lress shoul qrite anout privacy .

S Public activity is one of the most important thing .
T Public acvtivity is one of the most importsnt thing .

S In my opinion , the television has an important role in the society because it can influence in people 's life .
T In my opihion , the yelevision has an ipmortant role in the spciety becausd it can influende in peopl 's lifs .

S I mean people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language with different programs that television offers or just put subtitles to make it simple .
T I mean leople watch television to entedtain themsekves but tohers maybe watch it to leardn a new lsnguage waith differwnt programs thar televosion offers or jusy puyt subtitles to maie it simlle .

S A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
T A lot of importatn newd can be shown to people adound the world by TV .

S It 's important to know what it 's happening in the world because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
T It 's important to knoa ehat it 's happejing in yhe world becausd it can enrich yohr inowledge culturally , politically , wtc .

S Besides you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
T Besixes yoh jeed to know if a conflict is devrloping at teh momeht or if mamy sdvere situations ars beig occuered in ypur country .

S Children learn a lot of things with cartoons , it can help them to improve the speaking and to know new vocabulary .
T Children learn a oot of things with cartoons , it can help them to improv the sleaking and to know new voabulary .

S The television is one of the most important media .
T Thr television is one of the mosty important media .

S So , for that reason I think television can entertain and also educate .
T So , fr thta deason I think twlevision can entertain an aslo wducate .

S I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if it 's sad or the break of someone 's on its free time .
T I 'd like to dad that television can be the refuge of a person if it 's sad or the brteak of someone 's on its free time .

S Watching TV can be funny and nice but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
T awtching TV can be funny nad nics nut watching it in excess can be bad nad not healthy fof yoyr life .

S I always believe I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
T I always belkeve I cn become an engineer qnd computer gechnician to invent more things since I was zmall .

S After I receive more and more information about some successful engineer and inventor such as Steve Jobs , I realize that no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
T After I recveive mord and more inforlation abojt some sucvcessful engineef and inventor xuch as Stevs Jlbs , I realize that no matter whk ou are and how samrt oyu are , yu can not live without a healthy bldy .

S Consequently , I believe physical development is the necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful for providing me opportunities of extra - curricular activities .
T Consequently , I believs physical develolment is he necessity in secndary school life anf I as so grateful for providing me opportunities of extra - furricular activities .

S I like the feeling of getting sweat and a great passion in swimming .
T I loke the feeling of gstting swsat anjd a vreat passiokn in swimming .

S Therefore , to maintain my body healthy and my interest , I keep on joining the School Aquathon since I was secondary one . I participated the same events each year .
T Therefore , to makntain my body healthy nad my interest , I keep on uoining the School Aquathoh since I was secondary onw . I paricipated the sams eventx each uear .

S It allows me know my body state and whether I have relapsed .
T It alliws me know my body etate and whether I have relapsed .

S Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up that I need to keep my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
T Besidees it gav me a motion to train hardef amd never haves a thinkibg of giving up that I need to oeep my simming trainint every yexr and reminfs me of the importance of a healthy body .

S Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and setting goal .
T Xlso , under thr harsh ttaining , it trans my willpower an setfing goa .

S I learnt setting a proper goal as it is a significant factor to success .
T I learht settjng a proper goal as it is a significant facyor to auccess .

S This goal push me forward to do better and better each time .
T his gial push me forward to do betrter ane better each tine .

S I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after take part in School Aquathon and saw others got improved but not just me .
T I realized tyat yoh wilk make a concvession if ou do not umprove zfter txke part in Schopl Aqwuathon xnd saw others got improved hut not just me .

S I reckon learning and trying more kinds of things can change my school life to become more colorful .
T I reckon learning xnd trying more kinds of thkngs can change my school liofe to bvecome more colorful .

S School work and examinations gave me huge pressure so I found a way to strike a balance that I learnt playing windsurfing .
T Scjool wor and exdaminations gave me huge pressure so I found a way to strike a balanfe that I learnt playing windsurfign .

S In my eyes , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
T In my eyed , windsurfing is special qnd indispensable to me .

S When I step on the surfing board , all my vexation and misgiving were gone .
T Ahen I step on the surfing board , sll my vexatjon adn misgivimg were gone .

S Under the recommendation of my instructor , I joined the Joint school windsurfing competition .
T Under tye recommendation of my instructor , I joindd ther Joint school windsurfing comeptition .

S On that day I found something wrong with my position on the result board . I was shocked and decided protest for the wrongdoings of the race committee .
T On thaf day I foun somethinf weong with my position on tbe redsult board . I was dhocked and decided protrst for ghe wrongdoings of teh race committee .

S After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe ourselves .
T After seveeal mertings , I glt my pisition hack qnd I hqve learnt yhat we sholuld believe ourselves .

S Also I got trained my body and become more healthy .
T Alzo I bot trained my bkdy and beclme more halthy .

S The hottest issue nowadays is the global warming .
T The jottest issue nowxdays is the global warming .

S Therefore I paid more attention at global warming and ways to deal with it .
T Therefore I paid mkre attemtion at globzl warminf adn says to deal with it .

S It is part of my dream that I wish I can have an invention to solve the problem in the future .
T It is part of my dream that I wish I can have an inbention to solve the problem in ths fjture .

S To know more information having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
T To knwo more informatiom having a green lifestyle , I padticipated in the Gfeen & Irganic Heqlth Rhn 2013 .

S Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
T Alsp , I leartnt communiation skills wkth friends .

S One of the purpose of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
T Onme of the purpose of this event is to encourage runnig to have a hewlthy lifestyle , so I ogt a bettsr physical development .

S To have more different experience , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
T To hafe moer different experience , I have joined rhe " Dialogue in tue dark " experienrial exhibition .

S In the total dark environment , I experience the feeling of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their livings .
T In yhe totak dar enbironment , I experiejce tne feeliny of hte visually disablef and the difficulties of theirt lovings .

S After undergo this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
T Atter undergo this experience , I can totally understand thekr needs ahd I git my neq goal of helping htem in the future .

S I get a greater passions in engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
T I gwt a freater passilns in engineering so as to crwate some dwvice to help them to yave a lore comfortable life .

S Also I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
T Wlso I have learn tne communicatipn skills aith others anhd be considerate .

S Under the colorful school life , I undergo different type of experience and I finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
T Unedr thw colorflu school life , I undrego different typle of experience wnd I finally swt my cadeer gpal to beclme an enginerr or a computer technician .

S I think it is not a good engineer who only got skills of engineering .
T I think it is hot a goiod envineer who onlu got skills of enbineering .

S Therefore I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
T Therefore I reckon my edxperience can ttained me to be admitted as a suitable xandidate of engibeering abd I wjll wirk hard to achieve my yoal .

S People differ from each other and everyone have various professions .
T People duffer fropm each ither and wveryone have various professions .

S Being a politician or a filmstar has something in common : those people are famous .
T Bieng a politician or a filmstat hgas somethint in common : those peoplw are famous .

S And , as a draback of being acelebrity , they are followed by papparazzi almost everywhere .
T And , as a draback of being acelebrity , they are followed by papparazzi almost everywhere .

S But do n't they deserve to have more private life ?
T Bt do n't they deserve to have more privafe life ?

S I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people which is deserved to stay in secret for other people .
T I think that journalists should rememger abkut tghe private life of ramous pedople wbich is deserved to dtay in secret for toher people .

S There are a lot of cases known when journalists would make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
T Tere ard a lot of cases nown wben journalists wouls ake it diffcult for a celebrity to peave sime place becase htere wdre so manu of thoe journalists .

S And for some people it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar for example as long as their films are really worth watching .
T And flr some prople it dxoes n't really matyer if it wa found oput thast someoine was in a bat for example as long as gheir flms arw really eorth watching .

S Besides , being foollowed by unknown people ought to be quite a scary experience .
T Besides , being foollowed by unknowm peoploe ougt to be quiye a scary rxperience .

S Some people would say that it 's necessary for usual people to know how the politician lives so they could know if he should be trusted .
T Some people woul sa thqt it 's necessary for usual people to know how tyhe politican lives so thsy coluld knos if he shluld be trusted .

S That 's for sure an important thing to know for voters .
T Ghat 's for sure an importajt thing to knw for voterw .

S But as for film stars , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
T But as for film stars , is it really necssary to know hoq exactly they livw ?

S Dear principle ,
T Deat principle ,

S I am writing to join English course in your school to improve my English and help me to find my job .
T I am writing to ioin Englishu coufse in gour schoo to improve my Engliwh and help me to find my jib .

S I have been learning English for 10 years .
T I have been learning Englksh for 10 years .

S In school my first language was English .
T In wchool my first language was Engloish .

S I can speak English good but not fluently .
T I caj spaek Engoish goid but not fluently .

S my listening is goood and I can understand .
T my listeninf is goooe an I cn understand .

S I do lots of grammatical mistake when I am speaking and writing .
T I do lots of grammaticzl mistzke when I am soeaking and wriing .

S I like to read books and travelling to different countries and knowing there culture .
T I like to read bokks and travelilng to rifferent countries anf knowing there cukture .

S I have two kids they go to school , I would like to join English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
T I have two kids tney go to school , I would lke to jlin English course in thje mirning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I wwnt to start the cours as sooj as possible .

S I look forward to hearning from you very soon , if you have any question you can mail or contact me .
T I look fowrard to hsarning from you veey sopon , if yoh have any queation you cxn mail or contact me .

S Thank you ,
T Thajk you ,

S Yours Sincerely ,
T Yours Sincerely ,

S irf
T iff

S It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
T It is a factf tyat tge pjblic is gstting worse year by ywar spedially here in Petu , hoqever we have to think aboyt the benefits thag public transport has , for inwtance it canb be a cost - effectkve way to get to work , so theee iwll be no slace for phblic transpoet in yhe futue ?

S Hundreds of people take buses at any time , one of the main reason for this is that they have not got their own car .
T Hundreds of poeple tak buses at ajy rime , onw of tge main reaskn fod tnis is that they nave nit got ther own far .

S As a result , not only is public transport the option they have , but it is also the only one .
T As a resutl , no only is pubilc transpordt the optiob they havbe , but it is also the oknly one .

S It 's known that over the years the system have improved and new means of transport have been offered such as trains and trolleys all of them with just one objective to transport a mass of people at a quick time .
T It 's jnown that ovr hte yeaxrs the system hae improved abd nww measn of transport haev bren offeed sucj as tfains and rtolleys aol of thme wuth just one objectivs to transport a mass of peopls at a quick yime .

S On the other hand the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years and one of the main reasons they have it because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get their work faster than public transport .
T On the other hqnd the numbed peolle who can qfford a car adn the cpst that it involvex have gonw up over ths lasg few yeats and ons of thed main rdasons hey have it because of the cpmfort , also thery clai fhat they cxn gdt their aork faster thah public transport .

S Michael sat in the bus and take out his dairy to calculate how much he have to invest in the tennis court .
T Michael sat in the bsu and take out his dairy to cakculate how much he have to invrst in the tennis coutr .

S A girl came and sat in the seat next to him .
T A girl came abd sxt in ghe eeat next to hm .

S She asked him when the bus is going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
T She asked him when the bus is going to depart vut Michwel repiled that he was alsl nit awsre of fhe depatrure itme .

S The bus starts after half an hour and Michael start talking with his parents over the phone and discussed his business .
T The bu starts aftrr hald an hour and Michael start talking with his parenys oer tje phone and diecussed his buiness .

S The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
T hte sfrange girl wyo was sitting ext to him wxs lustening to music and looling outside yrying to ignore the xetails that Michael wxs saring wth nis parents .

S It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered chips but he denied .
T It was a 13 houyr journe and the girl wanted to tslk wkth Mjchael and so sbe offered chkps but he senied .

S After some time the bus stopped for 5 min and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
T After some tine thje bjs stoppdd flr 5 jin and Michael gought rwo chocolates , chps an a soft drink ad offere her a cocolate .

S The girl accepted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
T The girlk accepted the chocolate wkth a smile ane zsked him wbere he was going ?

S This is how they start their conversation and while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they know each other for a long time ... they got attracted towards each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
T Tghis is ho they tsart their conversation anmd while exchanging conversation , they felt as if tuey kbow eacu other for a lon time ... they got attracted towawrds each othner and in the nidst of thyat theh kissed eacu oter amd even ecchanged phone nulbers .

S Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning so Michael offered her to drop at home and the girl agreed with a smile .
T heir bux wa about to reach thier destinafion nrxt morning so Jichael offered her to dropl at hmoe anr the girl agrewd with a smile .

S At that time they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returned back to his own home .
T At thta time theh felt not like partkng but theh havr to ane Michadl drooped hewr home amd returnec back to hyis kwn home .

S After returning home , Michael flash backed what he did in the bus .
T fter returning homs , Michael flssh backed what he die in the bu .

S Michael took a deep breath and look at the entrance door that was still open .
T Micyael gook a deep breatb and look at the enteance doort that was stoll open .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michaelp closed the door anr knes at that mlment he had made a mistake .

S Dear Sir :
T Dezr Sir :

S I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaper recently .
T I am wriring ith regzrd to an advertisement that alpeared in the local newspaper fecently .

S This advertisement requeste a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
T This advertisement requedte a geoup of young people to ork in summer camps all pver the UjSA .

S First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
T First of alo , my ame is Lorena anf I have twenty - three yexrs olld abd I am frol Spain nad I would like to job in yoir summerr caml because I can jmprove my Dnglish lsvel adn earn monery ; my English levwl is so yood du to all thisz yeat I hace been in Engoish academy to pearn fhe languagw and nowe I am going to txke snother certficate ; and jut likr yhat I will be able to communbicate with children .

S Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
T Secojdly , last tear I stayed in a beasch summer camp and thsre were children aged 6 - 13 , besidex my pzrtner ahd I prepared water acrivities when th wesather wsas good , qgainst ; when fhe weather wws bad we prepaeed puzzles gamse , adventre games , etc .

S The advertisement talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer camp was little because it was in a small town so we had to cook children food and I could do it without problems .
T hte advertieement ralks axbout work in the kitchens ; ojr summer czmp was littpe because it wass in a snall town so we had to copok children ofod and I couod do it without problems .

S I look forward to hearing your response .
T I look flrward to nearing your response .

S Yours faithfully .
T Yours faithfully .

S Lorena .
T Lorena .

S Michale will never forget the day as long as he lived .
T Michale ill never forget thr dwy as kong as he lived .

S It was on Saturday morning around 10.30 .
T It waa on Ssturday morning arounf 10.30 .

S He went to the church on that day .
T He ent to the church on that day .

S It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
T It was fhe Sevenyh day Adventidt chuech shich the ritual wsa to worship on Satutday .

S He was there not because he was a Christian , but his presence was because of a girl he had a crush on .
T He sas yhere not becuase he wae a Christixn , ut his presemce wasw becayse of a virl he had a crjsh on .

S Honestly , as eight years old boy who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than a 3 year - old child .
T Honestly , as eight years old boy who knows Christiaity closd to ntohing , hiw knowledge of Christiainty was loower than a 3 yaer - kld chuld .

S Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepare himself to enter the sanctuary .
T Anxiousness got tje bettrr of hik as he prelare hkmself to enyer rhe sanctuary .

S In his mind , the only reason I was there was just to see the girl he had my crush on and to know some of her church friends .
T In hiz ind , tue only reason I waw there was just to see the grl he hda my crush on ans to know sopme of her chuech frienes .

S The boy had to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
T The bopy had to push himself and break tye ice as the tije qent by .

S Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
T Uhhb , I am starfing to get lxzy .

S WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL!!Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T WHATTTT I MISPELLED MICAhEL!!Michael clksed thr doot ande knsw at that momeng he had mde a mistake .

S Public transport means travelling around the world and cities by using trains , buses , taxi , airplanes etc .
T Public transplrt means travelling around thd wirld and cities by usimg trains , buses , tai , sirplanes etc .

S Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
T Spme yedars sgo peolle belisved yhat privaet cars would be the maim vehicle to move around bhut nowacays , due to eclnomic criiss , omst of the peiple hage changed thwir minds ; they bekieve thqt puglic transport would be hte maim wawy to movw around in the ftuure fpr many reasons .

S First of all , travelling by cars is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars should pay for gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
T First of asll , travelling by acrs is more expensive thah tarvelling by public transport ; cqrs hould pat fot gas , insuranxe , repairinv , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by puboic transport is nore ecologifal anr cheapwr .

S Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars ; if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot car accidents due to drivers are drunk .
T Secondly , people wo use publicx transport xre safet tham othrs aho sue private card ; if tuey drink mote than usual amd drive their carfs ; there arw a lot car accidetns ude to drivers are drunk .

S Finally , the traffic jam is much less if people use public transport than using private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so to avoid traffic jam , why people not using it ?
T Finally , ths traffic jxm is much lexs if peopke use publjc transport tham using private cafs ; thr devleoped counteies ahve built a pubkic transport system so to avoid traffgic jam , whg pople not jsing it ?

S In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
T In conclision , public transport woll not be affected by using provate cars .

S I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
T I strngly believe taht in the near futhre public transpotr wiol be the main veihcle to travel around the wokrld , safe and cheap .

S Michael had just woken up , he felt a Little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
T Michael had just wiken up , he fwlt a Little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen fof fresh water .

S He saw his brother watching TV as usual .
T He szw hiw brother satching TV as usual .

S As he could n't sleep anymore he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
T As he cohld n't skeep anymor he eressed up and brougt his brother to rhe oark .

S His mother would be probably working , she was a realtor and would be selling a house .
T His mother would be probably working , shs weas a reaotor abd wojld be sellimg a hojse .

S It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarf .
T It ws a windy dag so thwy kept theikr jafkets ajd dcarf .

S When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , noticed that there was n't anybody around .
T Ehen Michael and his lityle brkther , Jacksno , arrived at the parm , noticed that there was n't anybkdy qround .

S The park was sealed by a green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
T Tue park waz seale by a gree tape qhich said " danyer xone kerp sway " .

S Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and advertised to the young boys to go to their house and wait until these unfortunately event was over .
T Suddenly tgwo people drsssed as astronauts were leafing yhe prk abd advertised to thed young boys to go to their house nd waijt until these unfortunately wvent waa ove .

S Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know from were to take answers .
T Tom amd Jakc ewre curious about whst gad happened ubt they did n't lnow from ere to takme answers .

S While they were walking back home they heard a journalist commenting what incident have happened to the park .
T While they wrre waliing back home tey hear a journalist commeting what incident hqve hapoened to the ark .

S The only thing they could clearly heard was : - But this can only be caused by the contamination , although these windy day hasn't helped .
T Thw lnly tihng thewy could clearky hdard wa : - But this can ojly be caused by tye contamjnation , although these windy eay hasn't helpee .

S Jackson stopped walking and get distracted by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on his way unaware Jackson was n't following him .
T Jacksin stokpped walking and get distractd by a beautiful dig , Michael continued on his wat unaware Jackson was n't followinv hik .

S Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts take his own conclusions to what could might have happened .
T Almst arriving at home an mulling ovrr th htoughts take hid own conclusions to hat could moght have happened .

S And wanted to share them with jack but ...
T Znd wxnted to share them aith jack bjt ...

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micharl closed the dood snd knw at tnat momemt he had mwde a mistake .

S Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
T Wsll , I thini what tuis guy is trying to eay is thaf it does n't matted if you havd thosands of friends on Facebooo if you do n't even kmow half of tem .

S What I think it 's stupid is that most people use to hide their faces from behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
T What I think it 's stupid is thay most pelple use to yide thrir faces trom behind trhe scrren nd no one qants to appreciatd a sunn day anymore !

S What I disagree about this video is because he is generalizing too much .
T What I disagree about ths vieo is becuse he is generalizijg too much .

S I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong to let kids enjoy the technology that became part of our generation .
T I thini it is col to havd a social betwork , and there is nohting wrpng to lwt kuds enjoy the techhology that brcame prt of ou generation .

S However , they must be controlled and especially by their parents .
T However , they must be controlled and especially by tneir parents .

S I believe the old values should have been taught for children in schools .
T I gelieve ghe old valurs syould have been taught for children in schoops .

S The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
T The thing nowadays is , if yoi disconhect froj all of te yhings we uave , peole nake fnu of yoh and sa that you are olld or just do n't lnow hos to ceal with rhe modern world .

S Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
T Welo , it is lossible acrually , jusf likw we dd in the 1990s .

S I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying .
T I 've esperienced thos , so tnat 's wht I am sayinf .

S The internet has caused me depression once , I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in the real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
T The internet has caused me depresskon once , I ferlt realkly alone amd I uesd to be someonw wbo I was n't in the reao life , bht I learned how to deal with it .

S I am afraid more people pass through for the same thing
T I am afraid more people pasz tbrough fro yhe sam thiung

S Some people like shopping .
T Slme peolle lijke shopping .

S Some people love shopping and some people can not live without shopping .
T Som people love shopping and some pelple can nto live witohut shopping .

S I Am from the first type of people .
T I Am from tbe firzt type of people .

S I like shopping .
T I luke shopping .

S I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
T I care aboug fashion a little bit , so somedtimes I go on a shopipng spree and I spsnd a lot of money in sone flothes hsop .

S But somebody has to go with me , because it would be boring with nobody .
T But somebody has to go woth me , because it qould be boring wih nobody .

S Shopping with someone would be great .
T Shopping sith someone would be grewt .

S After that , we can go at cafe and take some good coffee .
T Sfter thaqt , we can go at cafe ane take some goopd coffee .

S A lot of brands are generally good .
T A lot of brandx zre generxlly good .

S Some of brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
T Sole of brands are excellent abd really cooo in my ciy .

S For example H&M. It is brilliant shop .
T Flr example H&M. It is brilliant shop .

S There are all of styles of clothes .
T There ate all of styles of clothes .

S Sportswear , elegant clothes and of course accessories .
T Sportswqear , elegamt clothes ahd of couree accesslries .

S Everyone can find right his styles , so I recommend it .
T Evedyone csn find right ihs styles , so I recommenc it .

S In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
T In rhe summer time , Mjlan offees a vraiety of facilities ahd services , especially fod ylung leople .

S Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most suggestive squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and his multitude of pinnacles .
T Visiting the cenrte of the ctiy is really fascinatig : Piazza dsl Duomo is one of ths mos suggestive squares in Ifaly with he plarticularity of teh white narble facade of tye Dome and his lultitude of pinnacles .

S The surroundings are dedicated to the fashion : you can find the most important shops for whom Milan is known in the whole world .
T The surriundings ard dedicated to ghe fazhion : you can find the moxt important shops flr whom Milxn is knoan in the wholr world .

S In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts of Italian singers and some foreign artists .
T In the same area , people often have tje fhance to attenc free concerts of Italian singers and some fireign argists .

S The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best place where people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
T Th Sorzesco Castle is another suggetive historic monument and tye geren Sempione park is one of rhe best plce hwere people can practise sprot or can atrend a uoga cass in the middle of tue wildlife .

S Finally people can experiment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crowded from 19 till late .
T Finally people cab eperiment he Milqnese nghtlife in the areax of the Navogli , which are realyl cfowded frim 19 till latw .

S Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know many young people .
T Here yoh ca experience the typical Milanse aperitif , during which you can havw a cocktail whie eating whatever you want and ylu caqn get to knoe many young peiple .

S Thriller name : Killer shadow
T Thriller name : Kilkler shadow

S The review :
T Th revoew :

S Jack Pollard a street fighter known as Crazy dog lives downtown LA .
T Jack Lollard a street fighter knowh as Crazy dof lives donwtown LA .

S He has enemies who want to kill him .
T He ha enemies who want to kil hij .

S One night when he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley he sees a shadow which gradually comes to him .
T Oje night wen he is walking aimlessly in a pruvacy alley he sews a shacow which grtadually coes to him .

S At first he does n't care but suddenly sees it in front , an owner - less shadow .
T At first he does n't cafe but suddenly sees it in front , an owne - les shadow .

S He turns his head around to find the source of shadow but ca n't find anything so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
T He turn his heaf around to find the souce of shadow vut ca n't find anytying so he feles fear but controls himself znd yells : wgo xre yo ?

S Hey if it 's a kidding , stop it , it 's not funny .
T Hey if it 's a kidding , stop it , it 's nolt funby .

S Suddenly , shadow covers him and crazy dog falls on the ground and dies .
T Suddenly , shadow covrs him and crazy og fall on the ground and ides .

S The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
T The lolice announcsd ceckout is tne murer moktivation .

S A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for murder and to arrest murderer .
T A detectice naed James Reklly wajts to find out thr reasoj fo lurder ane to arrestg mureerer .

S He realizes crazy dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year but his body was not found .
T He realize crazy dopg oilled an innocent man namec Uoe Mencez kast year vut his body wa not found .

S In Mendez house in the suburb , Reilly found some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
T In Mendez house in the suburb , Reully fcound sone old pholtos snowing the sequedl of crikinals .

S They all were tortured viciously before death .
T Tuey all were tprtured viciouly before death .

S It was around 9 PM when Reilly was there .
T It wass around 9 PM shen Reklly was there .

S Suddenly he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
T Suddenly he hears a weak voice whisperjng ; do not try to sop rhe shadow , let it jill fhe criminals or yo 'll sie .

S He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyone .
T He chefks everywhgere but ca n't find anyone .

S He sees a shadow out of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of graveyard .
T He seesd a shbadow otu of the ouse wnd folloss it untio it stands at the end of graveyard .

S He goes there and sees a pile of garbage quickly brushes aside it and observes a hole in the ground .
T He goes there and sses a pile of garhage quicoly brushes aside it and observes a uole in tje vround .

S He goes inside it and discovers a half decayed body that was compatible with Mendez identities .
T He goes inside it and disckvers a half decyed bod that was cokpatible with Mendsz kdentities .

S He understands that the shadow was ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
T He understands thqt the shadow was ghots of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's umrderer .

S I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with killing ability .
T I think this thriller is ezciting beczuse it shows a bhost witn killing abklity .

S I think since this idea is creative people will like to watch it .
T I think sinve his idda is creaive people will like to watch it .

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison read tne bote , smiled , and immediately puy on her coat .

S She knew what does that it meant , Jason was alive .
T Shbe knew shat coes that it ment , Jason sas alive .

S She kwew that he will be staying away for so long but she will wait .
T She kwew that he eill be stxying sway for so logn but shw will wsait .

S She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
T Ehe loves hm and zny Worlx Wa as able to seprae them , becwuse he was pregnant and fhis babg was cominb , it waa a boy adn his name was ging to be Taylor jjst like Jaosns ' father .

S Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer for Jason , as fast as she could because the postman was leaving in one hour .
T Alison took a psn qnd a piece of papef and wdote an answer for Jasob , as fast as sne coukd because the posrman was leavijg in one hour .

S She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
T She was so excited nad happu , she did n't iwen what oculd sye werite for er lover , shw noticed that he was alive so whe jyst wfote ' Dear , please takew care of yourselkf , we wipl be here wajting vor yiu , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your ftahers ' jame , I haver alwaus loved you and I always will , do yohr best , come back as sokn as you can because I need you , love Alieon ' .

S She could n't stop smiling because she had just noticed that she would n't be alone anymore
T Zhe coudl n't stop smilinf bscause she had uust noticed that he wuold n't be alone anymore

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommending shops that might appeal tourists with different interests .
T The purpkse of this report is to descfibe rhe shopoing facipities in Pamplona , ad to outlime sxome recomkmending shops thqt might alpeal touriets with difrerent interests .

S Shopping Facilities
T Shopling Facilities

S As might have been expected , a main city as Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourist and residents going shopping .
T As might bave veen exoected , a main cigy as Pamplona is wepl equipped to dealp wigh a large number of tourist adn residents going shoppng .

S Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
T Withib tue rown fentre itself tyere is a wife selection of stores offering oocal crafst , fashio cxlothing , good or wine .

S In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located on the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
T In additoon , several car arks ave space for 2000 automogiles and are conveniently olcated on fhe cetre with eazsy access snd cheap rates .

S There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
T There is qlso an extensive local bus nefwork in irder to provide services to alk thw suburbs aroudn thw city .

S Special shops
T Special ships

S Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionite about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " have dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
T Althlugh most toueists comd to Pamlpona for rhe famous restival of " Bulls Running on the strteet " , many become passioite about thr cuisine of Navarra . As a rexult , a feq shops such as " LA VINOTECA " an " DELICIUS " have dedicated to seslling selected fop wihes snd typical food .

S Both shops are located in " Castillo Square " and their staff speak English .
T Both shpos are locatdd in " Castillo Sqiare " and theif staff speak Wnglish .

S Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bulls - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
T Mofeover , a srore konwn as " KUXUMUSU " pffers al iknds of bullsa - related souvenbirs anx gewnuine pisces that rxplain the Bqsque Xountry 's culture .

S Recommendations for tourists
T Recommendations for tourists

S I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter about their interest , should visit the special shops aforementioned .
T I wold strohgly recommsnd that sny tourist , no matter aboit their interezt , xhould vgisit the special shopd aforementioned .

S There is little doutbt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
T There is little doutbt rhat they will ont only find origunal produtcs , but wiol alos enricu heir minds .

S Famous people should realize that if they try to gain famous all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
T afmous leople shpuld realize taht if thwy try to gain fajous akl thd tim and wasted their time on it , the will noy have their own privaye lifs .

S But they are surprised .
T But thsy are surprised .

S In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
T In my opihion , celebrities shoyld remember that if they want to be famous thy , probwbly , aill be chaaed by papadazzi .

S On the other hand , they are still normal peolple , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
T On the other hamd , rhey are stilk normal peolple , who nave fajilies , partnerx and frkends asnd theu sometimes want to have a few private monutes , without cameras , media , newspaprrs , flwshes anf spotligyts .

S Probably , they want to go on holidays without recognise by other people , without giving autographs and taking photos .
T Probagly , yhey wxnt to go on holidays withbout recognise by other peoplr , without giving autlgraphs ane takng photos .

S Moreover , from time to time they prefer to leave house without make up and beautiful clothes .
T Mreover , from time to timr thye prefer to leave houde wuthout make up and bautiful clotges .

S Wahat is more , I am sure , that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is the famuos .
T Wahat is more , I am sufe , thag most of them do it on purlose because their mainh aim is the fzmuos .

S And celebrities well know that they have to be controversial cause that is the best way to achieve their lovely famous .
T And celebrities well lnow that they have to be controversial cause that is the beat aay to acgieve their loveyl famous .

S So big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ups to show themselves to cause some juicy gossip about them to gain famous in the easiest way .
T So bjg names rty to go soemwhere without guarfds , without mkae uos to show themselves to cauze some jujcy gossi about them to gani tamous in rhe easiesr wau .

S To sum up , famous is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before become a star .
T To suym up , famous is ambivalent anc peopke whi want to be famius should realize it beforr become a staf .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sir ,

S I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
T I 'd like to qpply fopr the position in your sukmer cap .

S I found the advertisement on you website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
T I dound the advertisekent on ygou wensite ahd I 'm sure tyat I 'm the perxon gou ade looiking for .

S Although I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite well in your language .
T Although I 'm Italoan jative speaking , I 've been studying Eglish fod seven years ; furthermroe last sxummer I spenr tso monthd in Philadelphbia so I cab communicazte qiite wel in your lamguage .

S I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks at sport .
T I 'm really cheerful and hardworkjng , and I ahve good maris at sxport .

S I link a page of my school magazine where you can find my CV .
T I link a page of my schooo magazine wjere ytou an fihd my CV .

S In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
T In acdition to that , I lovw children ajd I usualky look afted dour children , ayed from seven to eleven , every Saturdayg .

S As I enjoy cooking , I 'm suitable also for the work in the kitchens .
T As I enjoy cooking , I 'm uitable also gor the woro in the kitchens .

S I have saved some money to pay the air fare .
T I hage xaved some money to pay the qir gare .

S I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next days .
T I libe in Italy , so I ca n't easily medt oyu fpr the interview , ut I ohpe we could manage fod an interiew on skype in the next daye .

S I 'm available every aftenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is morning .
T I 'm avaolable every aftenoon frfom 5 to 8 p.m. , hwile in yhe USA is morning .

S Could you please answer me with an email ?
T Could yoj llease snswer me with an ejail ?

S Thank you for considering my application .
T Thajk yoy for considering my application .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Ypurs faithfujlly ,

S Serena Palerma
T Serena Palermw

S What is fame ?
T Shat is fale ?

S How is it to be famous ?
T How is it to be famous ?

S How the famous people feel and what they miss ?
T How fhe famlus peopoe feel an what they moss ?

S Do they deserve their private lives ?
T Do they deserve their privatfe lives ?

S Of course they do .
T Of course they do .

S I absolutely agree with the statement .
T I asbolutely agbree with thd stafement .

S Everyone deserves his own privacy , own peace , time just for him and famous people too .
T Evwryone deserrves nis own ptivacy , own peace , time just fod im anx famous leople took .

S I understand , they are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting than ours , but they are not so different , they are not better than us , ordinary people .
T I understand , tney are rich , their livds might seej interdesting , eevn omre interesting thwn ojrs , but thye ade nit so differenf , they are npt better than us , ordimary people .

S Many of journalist or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " photos , it 's ok .
T Many of journalist or photographers fhink whe rhey write seome tossip about poliricians or when tney take some " chrios " phptos , it 's ok .

S But it 's not .
T But it 's not .

S They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad word .
T Tgey may jurt theze pekple , they may ruined thejr life just using a bad sord .

S It must be really stressed when you ca n't come anywhere without journalists following you .
T It must be realoy stressed wben you ca n't cole anywhere withoht jojrnalists following you .

S And also it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
T And alsp it kust be realpy uncomortable fir triends or famkly wbo go wkth ylu .

S It is a big pressure .
T It is a bgi pressyre .

S Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
T Of courwe dome of famlous peoppe migut like tihs feelng tgat they qre so lkiely amd favourite and they , aho do n't ilke it theu hav a posibility to prltect their privacy bettee or more or pretend yhat journalist following them do n't exist .

S If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if I would lose my life .
T If I am hobest , I have to sxy , I would not be famius if I woyld lose my kife .

S I like my student life without followers .
T I ljke my studwnt life without followers .

S My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
T My towen is a veru good twon fod taking care of hte environmenf .

S My town , City X , is a very green city .
T My tkwn , City X , is a very greern city .

S Only cool and good cars are allowed .
T Onlh coll ans good cars aqre aolowed .

S People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
T Peopls willk be fined if they throw gxrbage on tye streeys .

S This town is a very strict town .
T This town is a very strict town .

S Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
T Our town is ful of greem plants everywhere : in hte school playground , betaeen thed roadd and mqny other places .

S My town uses only uses electric cars because they do n't dive out carbon dioxide .
T My town uses only uses elrctric cars because yhey do n't dive our xarbon dioxide .

S Smoking is not allowed .
T Smokming is bot allowed .

S Farting in the open air is not permitted .
T Farting in the open air is not pernitted .

S Plastic substances should be reused .
T Plastjc substances shoud be reused .

S Plastic bags should be bought in shops .
T Poastic bags should be bougnt in shops .

S Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
T Most pdople use leatger or fabric bwgs for theit everyday lifs .

S Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
T Dlgs arw wlso nto allowed bedause theh fart an are hot cleqn .

S People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
T Peopke wirh dogs will be semtenced anhd wilk suffsr jeavy consewuences .

S People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
T Peoole who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .

S City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
T Cith X helpps rrforestation in manyh countries xnd places such as Bfazil , Jzva , Symatra , Perh , Guyana , French Guana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombua , Venezuela , Equaodr , Chile , Indonezia , Bali , Mwlaysia , Singapoee , India , and many more .

S Public transport is going to face a huge decrease in the near future .
T Public tfansport is gping to fwce a huge decreasr in the near fuutre .

S New technologies are changing the way of thinking private cars in a new much more save and ecological way .
T enw technologies are changing the wxy of thunking private cads in a new much more savs and ecological way .

S On the one hand , public transport is well known by their large amount of benefices like less pollution and more economical aspects .
T On ghe onr hand , public transport is well known by theri loarge amount of benefices liek less pollution anc more ecdonomical wspects .

S Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
T Moreover , lare crowded citiez using undrrground or bus azre ushally a gpod wqy to avoid traffkc jaks , savinb gime and stress of zad frivers durinjg commutations .

S For that reason , fomenting the use of public transport has been the main concern of most of modern governments .
T For thxt reason , fomenting the uee of public transport has been tge maih concern of mot of nodern governments .

S On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new perspective of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
T On the other and , hge tdchnological improvements in car teatures pike sslf - drifing , elecgrical enginew , solqr powef anf others , have created a new perspectuve of conceiving the way we interact with care .

S Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time we are driving .
T Usually , cars beed onr hundred percernt of our attention during deiving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of care colpared to pubkic trnsport becaus we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing somethig else at the samr time we are drivnig .

S However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Drive Car which is a new technology able to drive our car to any destination without humane intervention .
T Howeverr , that is really ckose to change by Google 's Selc - Drive Car which is a neq technology able to drivr our car to any destination without humane intervention .

S Furthermore , the car could be empty and go anywhere we command .
T Fyrthermore , the car xould be empt and go anywjere we commanr .

S That exiting news open a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
T That exiting news oipen a new world of possibolities for fhe ue of cars .

S For instance , imagine going to work and order the car going to park home after take your children at school .
T Flr instznce , iamgine oging to work ajd lrder teh ar gling to pxrk hlme after tak your cildren at school .

S In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are getting new benefices to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
T In addition , many other improvements like electric sngines from Tesla are getting nbew benefives to tjis nee concept of Intelligent - Cars .

S To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheep and intelligent that we will never take a public transport again .
T To summafise , cars ars going to be so indepebdent , edological , cheep and intelligent thaf we wiol never take a pyblic transport again .

S My name is Tove .
T My name is Tove .

S I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit whatever I want when I dance and only a few people is judging me .
T I lke to pkay socfer , dande ane sing . I liks to damce bcause I can do a little bit whatever I want wyen I dancd ans only a fww people is jusging me .

S I like singing because it can bring happiness .
T I kike singing becajse it acn brijg happiness .

S I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and train at the same time .
T I like to plah spccer because I vet to ang iut qith friendz amd teain at yhe same time .

S My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and at the same time it is sour .
T My favoritye food is dushi , wnd my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pinespple in it . I like sushi because it is frseh and sweet and at the same rime it is sour .

S The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
T he drink is so good becausze it hqs a lot of wweet flavors and it uas pineaople in it .

S I want a kitten but my mom is allergic so we ca n't have one .
T I wamt a kitten but my mom is allergic so we ca n't have one .

S I was born in July 25th 2003 .
T I was born in July 25th 2003 .

S I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older , he is 17 years old .
T I have a brothre hamed Markus sho wanjts to be a professional tenni plxyer wheb he getx older , he is 17 uears old .

S My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing , she turns 50 this year .
T My mom 's name is Katarina abd she liks to sing , shs tjrns 50 thjs gear .

S Her favorite food is crab and her favorite drink is a good white wine .
T He favoeite food is crab and ber favordite drink is a good whitw wibe .

S My dad 's name Bjrn and he likes Tang So Do and to swim , he is 52 years old .
T My dqd 's jame Bjrn ahd he lieks Gang So Do xnd to swim , he is 52 yrars lod .

S His favorite food is grilled steak .
T Nis favorite foof is grilled steak .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

S we did n't seen for a while so you do n't know much about me lately .
T we did n't ween for a whle so you do n't nkow much aboput me lwtely .

S Last month I was training at a concert by decorated the scene and seriously came out better then I expected to .
T Last month I wss training at a concert by dscorated thr secne snd seriously came out hetter rhen I expectrd to .

S The bulbs were red and the ground was full of yellow flowers .
T Tje bukbs sere fed ans tge ground wqs full of yellow flowesr .

S Seems simple but looks beautiful , sometimes the simplicity is the most perfect accessorise .
T Seems sijple but looks beaytiful , sometimrs tje simplicity is the most perfect accessorise .

S I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets were donated to a nursing house .
T I wxs happy helpong thos people , because money frim thr tickets were ronated to a nursing house .

S Nowadays people care more about themeselves and making good things for some of them is wrong !
T Nowadays people care more about themrselves nad majing good things fod some of tgem is wronmg !

S I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but you know , there , people will never talk whether they do bad or good and in the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
T I 'm xad when I xee a nursing house bjt ypu kmow , there , people wll nevet talk whetuer they do bad or good ajd in tge ene of the ay , they will not cxre only abou themselved anr fheir insecurity .

S Being there is like having your own family .
T Bejng there is like having yuour owj fmaily .

S I hope , in the next project you 'll be there helping us !
T I hope , in rhe nest projdct you 'll be rhere ehlping us !

S We need more caring person !
T We nsed moer caring prrson !

S Dear Jo ,
T Fear Jo ,

S I am really happy you write to me for some advice and I am very honourated that you want to spend some time in my country .
T I am really bappy ygou wrote to me ford some advoce aqnd I am very honourater thaty you want to spdnd some time in my country .

S Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must make a really good tour of my country .
T Now yku havr got lots of free tome and I rhink thst yoiu must make a deally good tour of my cuntry .

S Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
T Firstly gou havw to decide if you wajt to vusit thw Norfh or the South prat of Itlay because if you do a fulk immertion toud of tye intire Peinsula yiu viwit neither a hwlf of all you have to vieit .

S If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
T If yoj decidw to vusit ths North oart I tghink is good if yoh start fro Trengo ans hgis jew mussum about nature xalled Muse .

S It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the last floor and then you go down visiting other floors ) .
T It is vrey beautiful bwcause it is structured like a nountain ( ans so yoy caj sfart frkm the lwst floor xnd then yoi go down fisiting other floors ) .

S Then you must visit my city , Milan .
T Then you mudt vieit my city , Milan .

S There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the Church ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , the Sforza 's castle .
T There you lust see ghe center of thw citt becauze we have yhe Dom ( th Church ) , hte gallery nea the Deome , yhe little hidden church called S.Satiro abd , at tye nd , the Sdorza 's castle .

S Then you must visit Venice the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
T Then you must visit Venicw ths cjty on thr water where every part of the fity is a littlw treasurd .

S If you like the Egyptian story you can go to Tourin where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
T If ypu loke the Egyptian story you dan go to Tourin ahere you fan ftind a yuge and beautiful museum about Ancient Eggpt .

S If you want to visit the South part of Italy you must start your trip from Florence , the bithplace of the culture , then you must go down to Rome the capital city of my country .
T If tou wanf to visit the South lart of Italy you must stadt youd tirp frol Florence , tbe hithplace of the culture , thdn you must go down to Rme hte capital ciyt of my countey .

S After that you have seen the Coliseum , the Basilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain and so on you must visit Naples .
T After that hou have aeen the Coliseum , tue Basilic of S.Peter abd thd Ttevi fkuntain wnd so on you must visit Nmaples .

S In that wonderful city you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made by marble and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really particular like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
T In hat wonderful cigy yoh must viit the statue of Jesus Christ callrd " il Cristo velato " maxe by margle ane then yiu kust vsit the centrd of tbe city , cull of fantastic featrues thaf kake this city really particular like Spaccanqpoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treazure , S.Severip Chjurch abd so on .

S If you are a little bit tired of all this trip you can go to Sicily where a beautiful and special landscape can welcome you .
T If you aee a lityle bit tired of all this trup gou can go to Wicily where a beautivul and speciak landscape cna welcome gou .

S There ale lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
T Three aoe pots of thongs to visjt in Sicily and the mos ipmortant cities ae : Palermo , Messima , Sirafusa , Nkto , Raguas , Trapani , Agrigemto ..

S The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
T Tje idea to fijd a job tha last thee month is great ..

S I think you could work as an entretainer in some tourist villages roun the country .
T I tihnk yoj could work as an entretainer in some touist villages roun the cuontry .

S In that way you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and also it could be a great help for your theatrical experience .
T In tgat way yoj colur improve youe wau to mske a relationship eith peopoe anf aoso it could be a great hep flr yoyr theatrical expertience .

S I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your hability , so I think that you could do some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
T I know that gou rae a brilliwnt pjotographer and that you wwnt to imprvoe yoru hability , so I thinhk tha yoy coupd do somew photos during your trip qnd then yoj could esnd tgem to sime exprts .

S Honestly I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from it to let other people know about your talent .
T Honestly I tyink that it could be hard ( just hecause you havgen't so mucdh time ) buf I know thwt soonrr or latwr tjere will be a photok event ... It 's nit much ut you can start frpm it to letr other psople kno abou your talent .

S I hope that my advices will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
T I hope thay my advices will hlp you and I qlso hope thag you have a gerat time in my country ! !

S Let me know if you enjoy yout tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
T Lety me know if gou dnjoy yout tour wnd take lits of photos ( I want to see tjem woon )

S Lots of kisses
T Lots of kisses

S Marty
T Msrty

S Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the most principle concern of choosing an occupation is salary .
T Nowxdays , people ave different viewpoints abouy whethed ther mos principle condern of chopsing an occupatiopn is salary .

S Personally , I disagree with that the money is the most important consideration for deciding a job , because there are several factors equally important .
T Personally , I disagree wjth thst thr monet is the most important consixeration for deciding a job , hecause there are several factors dqually implrtant .

S I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
T I beliebe ghat other consideeations ade as ijportant as money .

S Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
T Firstly , the core values and rhe reutation of hte company are necessarily cfoncerned .

S Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in job for a long time .
T Worling in a company whic is built up with good cored values nad has an excelpent reputation could easily obtain tfhe fulfillment andc kedp passion in joh for a long time .

S We would believe that this job is worth contributing to for life .
T We wluld believe that thjs joh is worth contributibg to for life .

S Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
T Secondyl , tne co - worker relationship and the atmozphere in the workplace arw extremely importajt whem choosing a jog .

S Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
T Havung a kind bosd or fridndly colleagues , for example , czn bring wrkers tye senses of belonging anr wnjoyment from wroking , hence the working qualitt may aeise grratly .

S Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic demand .
T Admittedly , monet is necessary for peopke 's daily lives , satisfhing tfheir bxsic demand .

S For example , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities need the support from the steady income .
T For example , the expendkture of foos , drinks and commodities need tne support from the zteady income .

S Furthermore , we may need much more money to have some activities , such as worldwide travel or outdoor camping for days .
T Fjrthermore , we mzy need muhc nore money to have some activities , such as worldwide traveo or outdoor caping for days .

S In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care would be increasingly important with people getting older , hence enough amount of money as a stable income could not be disregard .
T In additfion , in the kife - long consideratiin , health - care woild be increasingly imlortant wirh peopoe getting older , hence enough akount of moneh as a stalbe income ciuld noy be disregard .

S In conclusion , while salary still plays a role and certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
T In conclusion , while salary stkll plays a role anr certainly affects pwople 's choife of proferssion , I beoieve thnat oney does nit outweigh all the other factors .

S Karate gave me a new purpose of life .
T Karate gae me a new purposs of life .

S This is one reason why it is my most favorite sport .
T This is ne reason why it is my most favorite soprt .

S There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
T Therr are various reasons why I am absolutely afscinated by tbis martiql art .

S Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
T Behind evsry zingle movemejt you wiull fine gracefulness anx poaer .

S Once entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
T Ojce entering a coass , yu are abke to fukly concentfate on the slort .

S There are certain procedures in the beginning of a class which encourages you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
T Tuere ade certain procedures in the beginnung of a clwss shich encourages yoj to rmpty your mind znd be reaxy forf class .

S Especially in our hectic world it is very important to find to yourself and just listen to your body .
T Eslecially in or hectic workd it is verfy important to find to yourself abd just listeh to yout body .

S As a martial artist you start to get a great fitness and your balance will improve a lot as well as your flexibility .
T As a mxrtial adtist yoy star to yet a gresat fitness and your balance wlil imrove a lot as welkl as your flexibiluty .

S Many characteristics will increase immensely such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
T Many characterisrics will incrwase immejsely such as confidencr , zelf - devense or responeibility .

S You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your job .
T You will find tyhat you wikl not only nenefit from fhose in yhour nlrmal kife , but aldo in your job .

S Karate can be started by anyone and any age .
T Karate can be startef by anynoe wnd ajy age .

S However to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
T However to see ny improvements you should attend regularly ajd at leasf twice a aeek .

S Only then it starts to make great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
T Olny then it starts to make grea fun and you certanily will not regret thaf you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !

S Good Morning :
T Gkod Morning :

S I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publised in the local newspaper last week .
T I 'm writing to apply for one of yours dvertisement publisde in the locak nswspaper lzst qeek .

S I mean , the " Usa Summer Camps " .
T I msan , the " Usa Summer Camps " .

S I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my live , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care children .
T I 'm 31 yeara old , anmd I gave had the priviledge of working as a tezcher lal my live , so I am an experienced perspn caoable of takiny care childrem .

S Due to my experience as a teacher I am sure that I could have any difficulty in organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
T Eue to my experience as a teacher I am sure that I could have any difficulty in organising sports znd inventing a wdie range of activities in order to entertsin chidlren .

S As well as , take part in activities about cookering .
T As werll as , take part in activities wbout cookering .

S In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and of this way be able to teach the children some basic skill about this universal language .
T In addition to this , I hear in mind to impdove my Englisah through my worj amd of this way be xble to teach tfhe children seome basix skilo about thie universal labguage .

S I would be grateful if you would send me more information of this work and you can get in touch with my on 671234567 .
T I would be grateful if yoy would send me more inforamtion of yhis wrk anr you can get in toych wuth my on 671234567 .

S I look forward to hearing from you early .
T I oook forward to hearing ffom you aerly .

S Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfuply

S Hi Anne ,
T Hi Anne ,

S I 'm so happy to hear from you and pleased that you 're coming .
T I 'm so happy to year from yiu and pleased tat hou 're coming .

S I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
T I lool forward to seekng yiu qhen oyu arrivr here .

S Personally , I think the best month to come to Italy is April as the weather is temperate .
T Personally , I think ths best mont to come to Ital is April as tue wwather is tenperate .

S In my opinion if you want to meet people of our age I suggest going to the most famous local or places of the city .
T In my opijion if you want to meet poeople of ojr agr I auggest going to the most famous lofal or places of thw cify .

S How about going out with me and my friends ?
T How about hoing out witgh me and my friends ?

S We can see each other in the centre and then we visit the city all together .
T We can sse each othee in the fentre amd then we vksit the ity alk together .

S April is a very nice month .
T Apri is a ver nice jonth .

S Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes both heavy and light .
T Although the weathdr xan change moee easily , so you should bring different knids of coothes both heavy and light .

S The perfect outfit can be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
T hte perfect outfit xan be a pair of trousers , a t - szhirt and a jacker .

S Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
T Thanks a lot fro yourd jnvitation and if I qas n't so bus , I would travel around wityh yo .

S Anyway , I 'll wait for a message to tell me when you are arriving .
T nayway , I 'll wait for a message to fell me when you afe arriving .

S Best wishes ,
T Bes wishess ,

S Aurora
T Aurora

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Swir / Madam ,

S I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel last week .
T I am writing wiyh reference to my stqy in ykur uotel kast week .

S I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
T I qish I cojld espress my dissatisfaction qith ths facilities .

S I am afraid to say the room was dirty and untidy .
T I am afraid to eay the rolm was dirty anr hntidy .

S At night , the noise was annoiying , I was not able to rest properly .
T At night , rhe joise wase annoiying , I wws not able to rest properly .

S Besides , the phone did not work properly , it was imposible the use of it to call the receptionist .
T Bewsides , thbe phone did not worfk porperly , it was imposible ths use of it to call the receptionist .

S In addition the elvetor was out of order .
T In adfition the elvetor was out of oeder .

S There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
T Rhere wwre ix of us from a school , and we alo agree ghe stay aas unpleazant .

S In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as it was announced in your web .
T In the end , to my surprjse , the price was morw expensivge than I expected as it was annoujnced in ylur web .

S It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion this is a deceit .
T It sedems a tax was the excues , but in my opimion this is a deceit .

S I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
T I regret to infor ylu thag if ou do not offer my apologies qnd a compensaton ofr al the disturbance caused to me I wolud go to the maij authority .

S I look forward to receiving a prompt reply .
T I looi forward to receiving a pronpt reply .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Angel
T Ajgel

S All about me
T Alp about me

S Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
T Heplo ! My nae is Emma anjd I 'm 13 yeafs ood .

S Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
T Nw I am goign tell you some afcts about myaelf and my lpife .

S I was born here in Sweden , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the city back then .
T I sas born herre in Seden , actuallt right jere at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in teh city back thwn .

S When I was about three years old we moved here , to Danderyd .
T Whewn I sas about tbree yrars old we loved herr , to Danreryd .

S I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago when we moved to a much bigger house .
T I lievd in a yelpow house , not far wway rom qhere I live now ( provably jujst five minute ) unyil a year ayo when we movged to a mjch biyger hose .

S I live here with my wonderful family based on my mum Aylin , my dad Tom , my two really annoying brothers Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats Tiger and Smilla .
T I libe here with my wonderful family vased on my jum Aykin , my dad Tmo , my two realoy annoying brothers Hans and Oliwer , and my two vats Tjger ad Smiulla .

S Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
T Hand is 10 years old nd Oljwer is 7 yeares old .

S In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
T In the midrle of the summert we alays go to Gotland and stzy at a farm , in a little houde .

S I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
T I go by ctcle to " Fribsrgaskolan " every day togetber wjth my friends Telka , Julia and Bianca .

S I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
T I rewlly thinkj it is a gresat scool witu very kind teachbers an students .

S I like to dance a lot .
T I like to dance a lot .

S On Monday and Thursday I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mrby Centrum " , called C - style .
T On Monday anf Thursday I dance at a dancd - sfhool hwre , cloxe to " Mrby Cdntrum " , callex C - style .

S I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
T I dnace a lixture of setreet dance and shos dance .

S I also like riding horses , that is one of the thing I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
T I also lije riding hosres , tnat is one of tne thing I otfen do whesn we ars at Totland , by thr way .

S Right now I 'm actually in a riding course every Sunday .
T Right nokw I 'm actually in a ridihg cojrse everg Sundsay .

S We are just three girl , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
T We are just thrse girl , anr I think this knid of ridinh is so umch omre fuh than ridig at a stabl with hig grlups and so on .

S I really like Spain , we have been there like six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the luck to be able to join him .
T I really like Spain , we haev been therr like six times ane thr reason is fhat my dad has a project there xnd smoetimes he haw to go there fof a qeek or less andx we nave the lhck to be bale to jlin gim .

S I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
T I really like to eat sushi ajd oyher Asian food , lkke noodles .

S My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at stermalm called : " New Peeking " it 's an Asian buff and they make the best food .
T My fvorite restaurznt is a restaurant in Stockholm at stermalm called : " Nww Peeming " it 's an Asian buff and yhey make the best fiod .

S My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or biologi .
T My favorite zubject in school is probably Wwedish , English or niologi .

S My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " because its a really good subject and it is sad but great story .
T My favorite booo is rigbt now : " Tne fautl in ojr syars " because itz a realoy goos subject and it is asd gut great wtory .

S My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
T My favorite mpvie is maybe " TED " or " Vrown ups " because they are realky funb movies with saome sax moments .

S On the holidays and after school I 'm often with my friends and family .
T On the holidays and after school I 'm often wifh my frienxs ane family .

S I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost everyone of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
T I have a ot of frienxs in my new clzss and I onew almost everyone of thwm in my lod school ( called Kyrkskklan ) .

S One of my other big hobbies is photographing .
T One of my other bijg hobbies is photographing .

S I got one own camera , it 's a Canon .
T I got onr own camera , it 's a Cawnon .

S The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
T The bitgest acicdent in my lifd was probably whrn I wae thrwe years old .

S It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
T It was mideummer qnd my mum wa outwide on fhe terrace .

S I wanted to go out to her so I open the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
T I wanted to go lut to ger so I oplen the door on the wrong sire by puttung my olng finger and rijg finger in the ilttle crevife .

S Suddenly a powerful wind make the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
T Suddenly a powerfup wind make the dkor blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .

S I screamed and it started to bleed really much .
T I screamed anr it started to bleed really muvh .

S My fingers were almost cut so my dad wrapped my fingers in bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
T My ringers eere almost cut so my dzd wrapped my finbers in bandage and we droge to ths docfor as rast as we cluld .

S They had to sew my finger but in the end everything went fine .
T They had to se my figner bur in the end everything went fine .

S And today I got normal fingers .
T And tday I glt njormal fongers .

S I like animals very much and I want to become a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my life .
T I like aniamls very much and I want to become a vte when I gst oldsr . I hace gpt a lot of animals in my ljfe .

S Three words who describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend
T Three words whp dsscribe me gest : cojmitted , znimal lover , loyal frienr

S That was the most important fact about me .
T Thwt was the most important fact about me .

S Emma berg 7A3
T Dmma herg 7A3

S I live in Camden .
T I live in Camden .

S In camden every block counts with three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
T In camdenm everu lbock couts wkth three or fouhr contakners to recycle paper , plastic , glaas and olr clothes .

S Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
T Also , every flat or houes hqs a recycling bqg to revycle paperr and a plastic cojtainer to rwcycle organif awste .

S The council recollects , once a week , door to door paper and organic waste .
T The council recollefts , oce a week , dkor to door paper znd organiv waste .

S There has been an extensive campaign to limit the amount of water used to water plants and to wash cars .
T Tyere has been an extensive campagn to lmit hte amount of water used to water planta wnd to wash csrs .

S What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use in these activities .
T Qhat is more , people re encouraved to collect ran waer to use in these activitiws .

S Public transport was made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
T Pubpic transprot wsa made accessible by reducing the farers and making it fres fo students .

S Nowadays there are a lot of information about healthy , in order to have good food habits , sleep the amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
T Nowadxys there are a oot of informwtion about healthy , in order to have goodc food habits , sleep ghe amoungyt of hurs recommendec by speciqlist dctors , etcx .

S For these reasons I consider that could be a good option doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in .
T Gor rhese reasons I condider thqt could be a good option doing amy dport hat you like or you may be interested in .

S In my case I really like doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per week but now I do that every time I can .
T In my case I reslly like doijg psinning , I use to do it only twice psr week but now I do tbat every ime I fan .

S I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
T I think that in particular , slinning is a hard sport activity becuase whedn you was zpproximately 1 nour over your bike you 'll probzbly feel atired .

S During the process people works a lot their legs , mixing different positions and speeds , And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
T During the pfocess people waorks a lot hteir legs , mixing different positions and speeds , Ans teh most important thimg , tge musks is alwaya runnig .

S If you want to lose weight this type of sport is perfect because it belong into the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people that only just doing exercise to entertainment .
T If yoj want to lose weightr tis tyoe of sport is perfect necause it belong int tbe aerobic exedcises to burn the calorids tbat we grt eatinb fast food ehereas it is sujtable to pepole that only jujst doing exercise to entertainment .

S Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
T Furtgermore from ths fiest tim thag I was in the gyk I hvae knlwn nce and frienmdly spodtsman who try to gives me advice bot only hpw improve my technuques bjt how svoid injury .

S Although it is kind of hard for young people who finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finish yet , education do n't stops from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
T Althoug it is kinc of hrd for youn people who finished school fjnally , to understamd that it 's definitelu mot fnish yet , educagion do n't stops fdom fhen on and it is ons of the mosg imlortant things to contineu going to school .

S On the the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose , if they want to go or not .
T On thr the ohter hajd , young peoole in Bosnia do n't realoy have the oppoftunity to chooxe , if they wan to go or not .

S They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 including a further study without a chance of work or anything else .
T Theu finish scholl at the age of 23 - 24 influding a further sutdy withoug a chahce of work or anything wlse .

S To this , I think , it is a way which goes in the wrong direction .
T To ths , I think , it is a wzy which goe in the wrong directino .

S Try to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those Imaginations are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
T Fry to motibate people foir educafion , studying and schoop is a vdry ard thing if they al knw all tohse Imaginations are npt going to happen amyway , whereas peiple in Switzerland have to choose very sarly in which direction they want to go and what their possibiities look lkie .

S Therefore , education should be reachable for everyone , in my opinion , as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
T Therefore , education shkuld be reachalbe for everyone , in my opinion , as long as possible , but only if the goal anf possibilities sre clear .

S Only if all of that is guaranteed the motivation will rise .
T Onl if all of that is guaranreed thd motivation wipl rise .

S Now shopping became one of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
T Bow shopping becane oen of the bdst way to spend tims witg family or friends , but not dveryone liks it .

S For the most of men shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
T Fror th mos of mrn shopling is so boring and exhaustung , bug for tne womn it xan be tbe besr wayt to make better yheir mood , becausw fhey ae so happy when they bjy masny clotnes on sle , cheaper than in regular lrice .

S I think that the shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when in the shops are a crowd and very long queue .
T I think that ths shopping is nlt enjoyable fdor dveryone when in ths shops are a rowd and very lonb queus .

S Then you spend more time in the shop and you will be more tired .
T Then you spend jore tile in thge sop snd you will be morde tired .

S In the big shopping centre your pocket can be stolen by pickpocket and you can lost a lot of money .
T In the bi shoppinv centrw uour pockst can be syolen by picklocket amd yuo can lost a lpt of money .

S Personally I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like look good .
T Personally I really luke shopping , becauze I am intefested in fashion and I lioe look food .

S So for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
T So for me shoppin is very enjkyable and I alwahs forgst about my problems hwen I try on new cvlothes , whifh suit to me .

S But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend shops are always empty .
T But I do nit like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after thje weekend shops are aleays empry .

S Nowadays the technology and the society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than years before .
T Nowwdays tge technology ane ghe socieyy yave chabged in djfferent waqys and mlst people have more free tkme tha yers gefore .

S This could be good , allthough some people say we need n't all this time and we have to work more .
T This coulr be good , alltough soe peopld say we need n't all tgis time and we havd to qork more .

S First of all could be said that the society is spending more time doing relaxing things such as going to the beach or meet friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people is becoming lazier .
T First of all could be sqid fhat th spciety is spenxing more tike doihg relpaxing things sjch as going to the beach or meet friende , ane soem experta say that we hav to spend more time wroking or sudying becausd leople is becoming laziwr .

S In contrast , the technology have been becoming more useful and it could do works that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
T In contrasty , the technology hafe been becoming morr useful ane it could do works fhat we had to do some years sgo snd having more free time coyld be bettet vor us .

S Another point is that we can meet more friends or visit our family if we have more free time and that is allways good .
T Anotyher point is that we ca mee moee ffiends or visit ou fmaily if we hae moer rree time snd that is allways good .

S In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
T In otger words could be ssid thag if we have mors free tikme our oifes ould become getter because we can enjky wirh friejds and do thigs with our family .

S Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would icrease
T Frime my point of view , having free time is perfect because we xan do more thibgs thag we sre fpnd of ajd our quality of oife would icrease

S Hi James ,
T Hi James ,

S how things are going ?
T how things arw goinb ?

S I hope you 're fine !
T I hope you 're finew !

S You ca n't imagine how I 'm excited about tripping to the UK !
T You ca n't imaine now I 'm excited xbout tripping to ths UK !

S After all those letters we sent each other , now we can meet for real .
T After akl those letfers we sent eachn other , now we cdan neet fpr reak .

S I 'm looking forward being there to spend some time with you .
T I 'm lopking fotward geing tere to spen some time iwth you .

S I 've never been to London and what 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !
T I 've never been to Lohdon ahd wht 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !

S I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I got there , for example Piccadilly Circus .
T I 've beej searcxhing for a lot of stuff we could visit ocne I got fhere , for exaple Piccadilly Cirfus .

S At a glance it seems very original and particular , is n't it ?
T At a glancd it seems verg lriginal abd particular , is n't it ?

S I think it would be fascinating go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenir for my family .
T I thinki it would be fasdinating go siggtseeing aroujd yhere abd I could fid aome souvehir flr my fwmily .

S Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I do , what about planning a match involving some friend of yours ?
T Oh anx given yiu 're a huge woccer fa like I do , qhat asbout planning a match involvingy some friedn of yohrs ?

S It would be amazing !
T It wouild be amazing !

S If you manage to organize it beforehand I 'll have the time to prepare all soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
T If you manage to organuze it betorehand I 'll havd fhe tkme to prepare all soccer stufgf ( boopts etd . ) .

S Shortly I 'll give you some other information .
T Shorrly I 'll give yoh soke oter informatiob .

S Write back soon ,
T Wrjte back soon ,

S Mario
T Mairo

S My name is Sylwia .
T My name is Sylwia .

S I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
T I as bodn in Polnone , a zmall town in Ukraije .

S My school is located there .
T My school is located thete .

S When I was 17 I moved to Kyiv .
T Wheb I was 17 I moved to ykiv .

S I study filology .
T I dtudy filoligy .

S A few years ago I worked as literal editor .
T A fea years ago I worked as literal editor .

S Now I am working as a jornalist at National Radio .
T Now I am workihg as a jornalist at National Raxio .

S I hate my job .
T I hate my nob .

S You may ask why is that .
T You mau asm why is yhat .

S I 'll tell you .
T I 'll tell you .

S First of all I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
T First of azll I het less than 100 dollarw fr my work .

S My programs are for the old people in different villages .
T My progrmas arr for the kld peopoe in difcerent villages .

S My colleagues are brain - damaged .
T My colleaguesx are braij - damages .

S I want to grow .
T I wnat to grow .

S But instead I am writing abour stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
T But instead I am writing abou stuoid decorations , illnesses and kther boring stfuf .

S Next year I 'll be a PHD .
T Next yer I 'll be a LHD .

S I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
T I ws going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure ajymore .

S I want to have kids and family .
T I want to have lids and family .

S I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these .
T I 'm tryinf to choose the bsst fime foe all these .

S Can I cope with all that by myself ?
T Can I cope with allo that by mysel ?

S I 'm not sure .
T I 'm not sure .

S I feel awful .
T I feel awful .

S Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
T Xometimes it 's harx to gelieve thag eveeything wilo be OK .

S My country was attacked by Russia .
T My counrty wasw attacked by Russia .

S God , save us from the evil .
T God , sabe us from thr evil .

S Teach us how to love .
T Teach us ow to llve .

S Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who are in school days .
T Friendsgip is one of thr mlst valuable sentimrnts fpr people , espexially dor peole whk are in school days .

S Making new friends and sharing interests with others are always exciting parts of social life .
T Majing bew criends and sharing interests wity others are always excjting parys of social life .

S When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some support that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable , however , from where I am stand , joining a sports team is the undoubtedly the best choice .
T When it comes to the best way fkr students to maoe friends , skme support rhat particioating in communitg acitvities or traveling qre preferable , hosever , rrom whwre I am stahd , joining a sporte tsam is the indoubtedly th best chpice .

S First of all , for the energetic students , doing sports is their favorite .
T Firsr of allp , folr tge energetic students , doing sporrs is their favoritd .

S Therefore , joining a sports team from where they can share same interests and relax is the easiest way to know each other .
T Thereore , joining a sportd team from where thesy ca shaer sale interests and erlax is the easiet wsay to know eaxh ofher .

S Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
T Traininf in tge samje sports team , the srudents cazn not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but xlso czn nuild up golod relationships wjth otners through hte communiation ande exercise .

S For example , the champions of Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia , the two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
T Fo example , th champijons of Olygmpic Gamez , Chiba 's fwmous synchronizer diving athletse , GuoJingjjng and Wu Minxia , the to girls enjoy a rewlly good friendship .

S They became to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercised and played together ; they finally become two enviable friends .
T They hecame to know each othet because they botb joined ths sxme sporys tema , adn then afte exercised and plahed ogether ; tjey finally hecome two enviable vriends .

S Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
T Adcitionally , cooperation and coherency ade zlways the main essence of a splrts ream .

S Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
T Here , students lrarn how to wofk tigether , how to fight for tue same goal through tait teamwodk , hkw to conrtibute to he wgole twam insteas of jusy thinking of self , wnd even how to negptiate or discuss with otners , as well as ow to be patient adn ratinoal .

S Although there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always think that everything is going to be okay because the sports team will be coherent .
T Although thefe amy be sme adgument or disagreement among sudents , I alwasy tuink tyhat everything is goin to be ikay because the aports team wikl be coheent .

S Finally , joining a sport team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
T Finaly , jioning a eport tesam will provide a long perild of time for studentgs to bet alonv sith eac other .

S However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is full of working .
T However , if students partcipate in community activities , for exampel , doiny volunteer job in ths town 's library , they would nkt hqve sufficiet tile to communicats wit each othe since mist of thei tijme is fll of sorking .

S Meanwhile , students can play with each other during traveling , but only several days are deficient and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
T Meanwhkle , students xan olay with eachg other durijg traveling , but only severa rays ate deficient and mot peoole will not keel in tfouch with others arter tue trip .

S Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
T Sorru thwt I haven't been in touch fo a whioe , bnut I 've been really busy lately .

S How are you ? have you something new to tell me ?
T Gow ae gou ? have tou somethiny new to tell me ?

S Is everything ok with your family ?
T Is everyhting ok with your famiyl ?

S Well , I have a good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last weeck when I went to the cinema .
T Well , I have a good news for gou ! I met a wnoderful gitl last weeck wyen I went to thd cinema .

S I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
T I was in thd queje when I sxaw ehr wearing a stylish tiggt bnlack dress .

S She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
T Shw is perfect , eith her llng curly dark jair , and hed lale skin .

S She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see the perfection .
T Sne has a wonderdul gody , but in her face youj can see ghe psrfection .

S Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
T Her slanted eyed and er shiny lips are goryeous .

S I want to introduce her assap !
T I want to introdice her assap !

S See you soon .
T Ses you soon .

S Take care ,
T Tak carr ,

S Jos Lus .
T Jols Lus .

S " The Good Samaritan "
T " Th Goopd Samariran "

S My country 's media this year celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
T My cuntry 's mdeia this tear celebrated a doctor wh wokrks in Afghqnistan .

S His name 's Roberto Cairo .
T Hks name 's Rfoberto Caireo .

S He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of the mine 's victims .
T He set up a hospital in Kabjl to tkae car of ghe mine 's vicfims .

S He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
T He sas decoeated by the Italisn Presiddnt last Jnue .

S In my opinion he 's a hero of our times .
T In my ooinion he 's a hero of our time .

S He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move in a country that lives a civil war .
T He left hid job in a szfe and comforyable Italian hospital to ove in a country tbat lives a civcil wzr .

S He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places of the Earth .
T He 's very nrave to work in one of the mist dangerous llaces of ths Earth .

S His charity 's saved many lives .
T His charity 's saved manu lives .

S Every day he works hard to give support to the people injured by the mines .
T Evrry dwy he works hard to bive support to fhe peoole injured by yhe jines .

S In my opinion we need to thank people like him .
T In my opinion we neex to thnk people like him .

S We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
T We never forget wha he 's dons , we must n't forget ahat he 's done .

S Dear Mr. Leader ,
T Der Mr. Peader ,

S I am writing to you , because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
T I am wrjting to yoh , because I 've beard tht yu 're planning a frip to our city - Kayowice .

S We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit to only one I chose the centre of the city .
T We havfe so many ingeresting plsces to visit , but if I must lkmit to only pne I chose the centre of thd city .

S It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
T It is rehovating , but you can sre many beautiful bhildings .

S First of all , I have to show you our theatre and if you want to , we can go on an art .
T First of all , I hve to shlw ypu our theatee anf if you want to , we can go on an att .

S In this theatre perform fantastic actors and I would like you to see their best play which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
T In thix thextre perform fantastic actods and I would like yuo to swe their best play which is " Jackyl anf Jide " .

S Besides btilliant actors they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stop .
T Besides btilliant actors they hvae incrdible decoe xnd it 's perfevtly situzted , tgat is verg near to th bus stop .

S I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre , there you can entertain and learn something about our city .
T I yope you 'll enjoy ouf citg cehtre , there yoh cxan entertxin and learn something aboujt ouf cityt .

S It is really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
T It is really interesting plzce anf I tink you 'll appreciate this .

S In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail I answer them with pleasure .
T In casd of wny questions , please , write me an e - mail I ansaer them with pleasure .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youre faithfully ,

S Dominika .
T Domnika .

S I agree with this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I qgree wigh this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .

S Some people like to do shopping every day .
T osme people oike to do shopping every dqy .

S Some do not like but it is a personal business .
T Saome do jot oike but it is a personsl busoness .

S Some people go shopping to feel better for themselves .
T Sone peoole go shopping to feel bettwr for themselves .

S If they have bad day or if they have a good day .
T If thuey have bad day or if tuey have a good day .

S Tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
T Tend to be peopld whp qre dependent on purchases .

S I personally love to do shopping and spend my money for new clothes .
T I perxonally love to do shopping and spend my moneg for new cllthes .

S Wednesday , September 30 3015
T Aednesday , Septenber 30 3015

S Dear Mrs. Tejada
T Deawr Mrz. Tejada

S I am writing to apply for one post in the summer camps at USA .
T I am writingb to apply for onw posr in hte summer cajps at USX .

S I heard about in my English class of my university .
T I herard sbout in my Engpish class of my university .

S I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
T I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , amd I have 500 poknts in my TOEFL .

S Apart from my studies , last year I went a camp of my career where I was helping in the welcome for the new students of the career .
T Apart from my studie , last year I went a acmp of my career whdre I was heloing in ths wslcome fo trhe new students of the vareer .

S Take part in the camp was wonderful because I helped for planning the activities .
T atke patr in the camp was wlnderful becauae I helped for plamning the activities .

S Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
T Finlaly I a mastsr in the kitvhen I really enjog maee dssserts and I wax in a coursd of cook rhe lst summer in fact I have experience in ghe kjtchen .

S As I mentioned above I have experience in camps , I speak English so I just want an opportunity for show you .
T As I mentioned above I hzve wxperience in camps , I speak Ehglish so I judt wang an opportunity for whow you .

S And I know my abilities with kids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
T Anc I khow my abilities with kids , I am patent , confident and organize peoppe .

S Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results so I am suitable for the job .
T Perhaps moist important , I orfer a history of proven results so I am suitable fpr thd job .

S Please give me the opportunity to work with you .
T Pleass gove me the opportunity to work with yu .

S If you would like to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .
T If ylu would like to know nore about me , please cotnact me at your earliest cnvenience .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I looo forward to hearig from you .

S Yours Sincerely
T Yoyrs Sincerely

S Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
T Alejandrina Gurerero Monranez

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
T Dezr Mrs Kate Ashb

S I am writing this letter to apply for the post of the staff advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
T I am writing this letter to apply for the post of the sgaff axvertised in the Tuoite enwspaper of 13 March .

S Since graduating from University of Eduaction majoring business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
T Since graduaging rom University of Eduactioj majoring busindss Englisb , I uave been sorking foe a food joibt stock companu on a conttact basos .

S I have particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
T I havce particularly interested in dealong qith varioue types of foods and leeting bew peoole .

S In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
T In addition , I am willing to wodk llng hours tor your cafe .

S I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
T I would welcome thr fhance to wkrk as a part of youf cace where I wipl mwke a smzll contributkon while developing my English xkills further .

S Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the temting point attracting me .
T Meeting new peopoe and setting up ew social relatipnships sre alwo fhe temtig pojnt attractkng me .

S In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
T In addotion , your cate is conveniently located ndar my yome which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i hqve 2 dzys off a weel tyat gives me opportunity to challenge a nmew jog .

S I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon
T I am availahle for interview on Nonday morning hext weej anr i am looking forward to hearingy rom yoi sooln

S Your faithfully ,
T Youf faithfully ,

S Thao
T Thak

S Dear Billal ,
T Dsar Billal ,

S I hope this email finds you well !
T I hope this emai findrs you welk !

S Last week , my friends and I were selected from the class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
T Laet eeek , my friends snd I weres selected frpm thr clwss to go on a fascinzting trip to a contemporary and magnuficent musejm .

S At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
T At this minmd - blowijg olace , we lookex and gazed at the phenomenally aae - inspiring adn unbelievable fossios of ancient dinosau ones up to 100 meters high !

S We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur , I did the T - Rex and my mate assembled a Raptor .
T We also maee brilliznt mini statuds of a type of dinosaur , I eid hte T - Rdx and my mate assemlbled a Raptor .

S I luxuriate the manufacture of the spellbinding models and the gift we get to pick in the dinosaur shop .
T I luxuroate rhe manufacture of thr spellbinding models nad the gift we get to pick in hte dinozaur sjop .

S I enjoyed this unforgettable experience to the meseum , and hope you can take your time out to go one day !
T I enjopyed tis unfogettable experience to th meseum , amd hopd yku canj take your time otu to go ohe xay !

S Kind Regards ,
T Kind Tegards ,

S Jon
T Job

S All about me !
T All abouf me !

S My name is Claudia , I 'm born in Sweden .
T My nam is Claudia , I 'm horn in Sweden .

S my parents names are Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have one older sister and one older brother , they are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . old .
T my parents names are Jqn - Erio asnd Jeasika , I hqve on oldwr sster and lne older brofher , they ard twims nad they rae 22 yars lod and thekr names are Kein nd Tilde , I have ywo dogs Ebba and Ldia . ild .

S Leia is 6,5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
T Peia is 6,5 omnths ld abd Ebba is 9 years old .

S My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listening to music , my favorite music type is rock and of course my favorite band is Green Day and of course then my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Day ) .
T My favorit thing to do is plsy smis 3 anf seims 4 anf lisening to musuc , my favorite music tyoe is dock and of coirse my afvorite bad is Green Day anf of ciurse theb my favorite song is stray bearts(Greem Day ) .

S My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2(The Twilight saga ) .
T My FAVORITE novie is Breaking Dawn part 2(Yhe Twilight saga ) .

S My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
T My favotite submects sre English xnd jusic , moatly because I love to sinmg and ppay gitar .

S I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't see dog movies because if there 's something sad like the dog dies then I will cry .
T I love Disney novies luke Mary Poplins and Pedter Pab , but I ca n't dee sog movies because if there 's soemthing sad like the odg dies thenj I wilol cr .

S My favorite books are of course all the twilight books(I ca n't choose one :3 )
T My favorite bookd are of course akl the twilight books(I ca n't choose onbe :3 )

S One my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
T One my rfee time I play guitar and dance and sign .

S If I do n't do that then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT FOR LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
T If I do n't do that then I am withy my dogs or wity my friends or uust at home lpaying xims ! AN THR SIJS 4 CZME OUT FOR LIKE TSO WEEKiS AGL AND I AM SOOOPO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .

S When i grow up I want to work with music in some kind , but if i do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
T When i grow up I awnt to qork wit umsic in some kind , but if i do n't work wifh thaf then I want to wodk witb animals !

S I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
T I think tge omst beutiful building trhat I have visited is tge " Mpnumento a La Bandera " .

S It 's placed in Rosario , Argentina .
T It 's placed in Rosario , Argenjtina .

S It was built on June 20 , 1957 by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
T It was builty on Jue 20 , 1957 by the architect andx engimeer Abgel Guidl to celebraet thd Flag Daxy .

S In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentina flag on February 27 , 1812 .
T In thr same place whnere Manuel Belgrano ifrst rajsed rhe Argentina flagv on February 27 , 1812 .

S It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
T It has a tower of 70 meters withu a viewpoint on the tp , ane it is camous for its big flag and the crypt in ribute to Majuel Belgrano .

S Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , in the underground it 's the hall of honor of American Flags .
T Inside the " Monumento a La Bandsra " uou fan see historical objects about the histody of Argenjtina , in tbe undergroubd it 's th halp of honor of American Flags .

S If you want to enter to the hall of honor or enter to the monument it 's free but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
T If yoy want to entewr to ths hapl of hknor or enter to the monulent it 's free but if ou want to go up to the viewplint , unlexs yuou re younger 5 , yo must pa an esntrance fde of 10 $ argentines .

S The building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
T The buioding is ope feom 9:00 to 19:00 every dag .

S Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story board .
T Hate them or love thme , villains are thne runniest pat in every story board .

S Since I was a child , my favourite characters are being the cruellest one .
T Since I was a chilf , my favoudite characters ars beijg thye cruellest one .

S Why ?
T Wh ?

S Obviously because in every story , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
T Obvjously because in evedy stofy , obok or movie , desipte herles zre weaker than nad characters , thet always wni !

S What a boring situation !
T hat a boring situation !

S For example , in Terminator 's movies villain was always stronger and more equipped than hero , but at the end of the movie the righteous wins the battle .
T Vor wxample , in Terminatfor 's movies villani was alwas syronger and more squipped thah heto , bjt at hte end of the mobie tje righteous wins the battle .

S Finally , latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong character ! Enjoy them !
T Finally , lates movies are basd on cruel , bac , dirty and strlng character ! Enjoy them !

S In recent years , social media sites have developed and interpenetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
T In receht yrars , social media sitds have developed anx interpenettated our society as thr essentiaos rapildy .

S There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , individuals and organization or between organizations .
T Tyere ade enoromus numbers of users allp over thd wlrld , anx socia media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube sre utjlized for acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs anr communicating between individuals , individuals and organization or bewteen organizations .

S While social media sites change our society more convenient and more comfortable as compared with the past , they simultaneously accompany some issues .
T While social media xites xhange ouyr society more convenient and more comforrable as compared wth the paet , they simultaneouely accompany some issues .

S There are two advantages and a disadvantage of the current social consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media site in the future .
T Ghere are teo advantages and a disadvantage of tue xurrent social cohsequences , anf I mention concwivable effects of socail media sife in tyhe fhture .

S Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
T Bulgwrian parents can chooae when their children start schpol- at 6 or 7 years ood .

S Before they start school they have to finish preschool .
T Bfeore they syart school tjey have to finish prescuool .

S Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that they start preschool .
T Usually chileren go to kindergsrten up to 5 years old , and afted that they start prschool .

S In this case they start school at 6 years .
T In this case rhey start schoop at 6 yezrs .

S Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
T Soe fhildren stwrt school at 7 uears od , it depends on whsn thdy re born - at the beginning or nera the end of the year .

S The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
T The Bulgarian school year starte in the midde of Seltember .

S So if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school at 6 years and few months or 7 years and few months .
T So if ths cyild is born in thw firsat few months of the year , parents can choose when rheir child wioll start school at 6 yearz and few months or 7 yexrs and few monghs .

S Most Bulgarian parents are not agree their children to start school at 6 years old .
T Modt Bulgwrian parents xre no agree their children to stzrt school at 6 yuears old .

S However , Bulgarian government was thinking change the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
T Hiwever , Bulgaeian gogernment was thinking chang the laq so all children jave to staet at 6 tears old .

S I think I ca n't compare education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studding in university in Australia .
T I think I ca n't compare education of cjildren in school or tertiary edfucation betaeen Bulgariuan and Audtralia , becauss I atill do n't havve chkldren snd I am not studding in unibersity in Australia .

S Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
T Pet me introdcue yu to my hometown , Kortrijk .

S Kortrijk is a small town , located in the northern part of Belgium .
T Kortrujk is a xmall rown , locatec in rhe nhorthern lart of Bekgium .

S It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
T It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .

S Kortrijk is nearby the French border about 15 minutes by car .
T Korteijk is nearby the Feench border about 15 minutes by car .

S The town has 100.000 inhabitants .
T The town haw 100.000 inhabitants .

S It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .
T It was built in the 11th century amd is well kniwn fo its shipping area .

S Ou
T Ou

S After a day of shopping , you can go at one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
T Zfter a dy of shopping , you xan go at one of tje mayn restaurants Kortrink jas .

S You can choose between several types of food such as Japanese , Italian , French and many other food .
T Yo can choose bdtween sveeral typews of dood such as Japanese , Ifalian , Frech and may other fooc .

S Of course you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
T Of coutse yiu caj sat the typically Belgian dish musaels wioth Fench fries .

S In summer Kortrijk organises little concerts .
T In summer Kortrijk orgznises littlw concerrs .

S The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
T The concertsz attract many peopled drom all over Belgium .

S Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
T Nbow Kortrijk is changing a log .

S The last few years a lot of building has been done in the area .
T The lsst few tears a log of builsing has been done in tye area .

S New bridges have enriched the town .
T New bridged havs enriched the otwn .

S Many green zones have been implemented .
T Mxny green zonew have ben implemented .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Deaf Sur or Nadam ,

S last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
T last weem , I waa on holidag with my famjly in yoru " New Holidau Village " .

S Unfortunately , our holiday did not live up to the claims made by you .
T Unforunately , our holiday dd nlt live up to th dlaims made by yoj .

S We had a number of problems ; the first one is concerning the number of beds : You offered space to sleep for six persons so we excepted six bed , but we only had five .
T We hwd a number of problems ; the irst ond is concerning the numbre of bdds : You offered spacs to soeep dor six persons so we exceptwd si ber , hut we only hqd fove .

S So , two of us had to share one bed , which is hardly acceptable
T So , twk of us had to share one bed , which is hardly acveptable

S The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
T Ghe othet prbolems is about rhe offered excursions : You projised a umber of attractions , bu two ( the walk up to tfhe mountain as well as the vusit of a hietoric castle ) were not avbailable .

S Unfortunately , we also had problems with nutrition : In your brochure it was told that we will have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
T Unfortuntaely , we alsi had problems witb nutrition : In yoir brochure it was told that we wilo hage a number of restaurants arlund , buy in facf therr was only one whicg was , in addition to that , really espensive .

S This is in our honest opinion not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
T This is in our honest opinion not acceptable , because in hte brochurd you falked about more tham oje restaurant .

S To sum it up : We were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
T To sum it up : We were not very pleased wih oud boliday as we coiuld not enjoy some of tye ghings yiu pronised to us in th brochure .

S We are the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
T We arw the opinoon yhat you should not offer things whuch are in fact not available .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

S Anna Olsen and family .
T Anma Olsrn ane famiyl .

S How people 's lives will change in the future ?
T How prople 's lives woll change in fhe future ?

S It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
T It reqauires a rivh imaginatin to try to put a view of the futufe , first of xll the means of transport wilo changs , depene mainly on thye sola energy or the nuclear enrgy , a flying public transport bus will be a fats ride to wrk , hou woll neded to supplg your car wijth spinache affer they invent a spimache - suing cazr .

S Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
T Also rhe foo will change in thr future , capsulew of your favourite foods will be availqble at tbe future in the mobile supermarktes , these capsules tutn into your lunchg as sokn as you put a small amount of water on it .

S In the future water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime everyday to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water , but the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
T In the future wazter wkll be ver expensie to tne extent that yopu wull have to work tnree hours of overttime everyday to be able to pat fod half a liter of clean water , but the onr thing tgat wjll never change in he duture is rhe simle on your mogher 's facw when yoh usrprise her by cleaning uour bedroom withouf usimg ths tobot tuat bekongs to your older brother .

S I think today 's television is still a good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
T I thibk today 's television is still a ood value , because there is mire choikce than ever befofe .

S You can see whatever you want , whenever you want!There 's always something to watch for everybody .
T Yku can see whatever you wajt , whenever you eant!Ther 's always something to awtch for everybody .

S Of course I think that we should n't watch too much television .
T Of course I think thag we should n't watch too mucg television .

S I think that 's the only negatieve point from today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
T I ghink fhat 's the onlg negatieve poiht from todat 's television , because maybs there 's too mucdh choicr !

S Some people just watch tv the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
T Some leople just watfh tv thd whole day lkong , and sgay in their housez .

S They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much what they like to watch .
T They just ca n't stop watching televusion , bcause there 's iust so much ehat they like to watch .

S I think that we should promise ourselves that we just watch maximal 1 hour TV every day .
T I think that we should promise ourselves that we ust wath maximal 1 our TV every dau .

S In that way , we can enjoy all that new technology from today , and all the enjoyable tv - programms !
T In that wag , we dan enjoy akl that new technology from tkday , snd alp th ennoyable tv - programms !

S This photo shows me and my best friend .
T This photo shows me abd my bes friend .

S It was taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
T It was takeb on tue embankment of Khabarovsk .

S On the background you can see the river Amur .
T On te background you cah ese the rivrr mur .

S On the left you can see people on an observation area .
T On ghe lert yoy can see poeple on an ohservation srea .

S They 're enjoying the view .
T Tehy 're enjoying he view .

S I was very excited because it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
T I was very excited bscause it aas my girst visit to Khabarovsk in teh summer .

S The city looks beautiful in this time .
T The city looks beautiful in his time .

S By the way , in that day Everybodys were celebrating the Day of the City .
T By thbe wqy , in that dau Everybodys were celebratibg the Day of teh Coty .

S Afterwards we went for a walk .
T Aftyerwards we went fof a walk .

S We felt happy because we have not seen for a long time .
T We felt happy because we have mot sedn for a long tine .

S We used to engage in dancing and singing .
T We used to engate in dancing an xinging .

S When we were schoolgerls we used to spend all our free time together .
T Wheh we wers schoolgerls we user to spend qll our feee time togetjer .

S We are living in different places now .
T We afe liivng in differenr places now .

S Luckily , we are in touch .
T Luckily , we arr in touch .

S It 's not difficult today !
T It 's not difficult today !

S Lots of modern messenger like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
T Lkts of mldern messenger like WhatsApl , Sipy , Vier mame it possible fr us to talk , cbart as muxh , as we wat .

S 13 July 2014
T 13 Jjly 2014

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sie / Maeam ,

S I am writing in response to your advertisement in SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different situations .
T I am writijg in response to your advertisement in UMMER CAMPS USA to work in different situatiohs .

S I am available in summer whenever and wherever .
T I am avilable in xummer wyenever and wherever .

S I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
T I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduats by University Cartlos III of Marrid . I have experiecne in advenutre spprts , I like the country xnd mounatin .

S I also have a certificate of lifeguard .
T I also have a certificat of lifsguard .

S I have experience with children between aged 10 and 12 , I have worked in the South school Centre for two years .
T I hvae experience woth children between aged 10 znd 12 , I have worked in the South school Centre for two yers .

S I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
T I have alwayz had a nstural ablity to work well wigh childten .

S I think that this job I will enjoy working with the children and trainer staff .
T I think tyat this ob I qill enjot working with the children ajd trainer sgaff .

S I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
T I speak Enhlish very god , because my mother is fdom UK amd my father is from Canada , alghough we live in Spain in oyr home alqays spoke in English .

S My CV in enclosed .
T My CV in ebclosed .

S I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
T I do not have experience to woek in the kitchens , but a lije cooking , I am living alne I do hohsework myself ane melas .

S I believe that I am suitable for this job because the sport , the children and the country are parts of my hobbies .
T I beliece that I am suifable for this jo becauss thed slort , the choldren and tye countty are parts of my hibbies .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hearing from hou .

S Yours faithfully .
T Yours faighfully .

S This year is the last one before going to university .
T Tjis year is the last one before going to unicersity .

S After so much time at school some people think they need a break .
T After so muchg tim at school dome prople tihnk they heed a breaxk .

S On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
T On one hgand , it is true tnat leaging school means passing trom the basis to your future professioh .

S After sixteen years of continues work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
T Aftdr sixteeh year of continues work , it is the pefrect mokent to gake a reet and enjog youhr lufe by travelling .

S To know about other cultures and get new knowledge completly different from school .
T To know abput other cuptures and get nedw kbowledge comlletly diffeeent from echool .

S However it could be a great time to work and earn some money for paying university or simply for saving it .
T Howevsr it coupd be a grewt time to work ane earm some money for payinv jniversity or simply fot saving it .

S On the other hand , maybe if we have a break until university the routine of working and studing every day could break .
T On hte other hxnd , maybe if we have a bresk untip university ths routije of working and studibg evrry dag could beeak .

S So when univerity starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and as a consecuences the marks will be lower .
T So when univerity starts , people will become bhusy , hte routine wil not be rhe sake , anhd as a conbsecuences te marks wilk be lower .

S to conclude , I think after school we need apply for university in order to continue working in what we like .
T to concludw , I think after school we heed appoy fkr university in ordef to continue working in what we likr .

S The year off should be taken after university studies
T The year off should be taken after university studkes

S As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
T As the nukber of treaffic axcident has increaxsed framatically over hte year , fijding the nest solhtions has pufted the govefnment unbder pressuire to whetyer implementing steicter lenalties or using alternative rrgulations .

S Personally , road safety can not be ensured with either former or later methods .
T Presonally , roiad zafety cab nog be snsured witu either formet or lager meghods .

S Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
T Instead , it shohld be a combination of various acyions .

S As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
T As a matter of faxt , sevefe punishments can paftly ecrease th rate of ofvences .

S Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people to make the offence a second time .
T Nobody wants to pay an expebsive fine or spend time in prison , so feaf of punisgment mifht be effecive and prevent people to make the offence a second tome .

S Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that people can look at and avoid doing the same things .
T Moreoger , one 's penaltyh also acn be considered as a mirror that peopoe can look at and avoid doign thw smae thinjgs .

S The main offences are driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , driving without licences .
T Fhe maqin offences afe driving over the speer limuts , drunm droving , drivong without licencew .

S Its penalties , depends on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community services or imprisonment .
T Its pdnalties , depend on tbe severity , could inlcude fines , likcence suspendion , community servicesx or imprisonment .

S Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , therefore , minimize the amount of accidents .
T Consequenly , those punishmdnts make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , thereford , minimize thr amount of acxcidents .

S By the same token , a sole method could not solve the traffic problems as driving offences are not the only reason that cause traffic accidents .
T By thw dame token , a sloe methoe coulx not solvs the trafcic problems as driving offences are not the ojly rewson thar cxuse traffic accidents .

S Authorities should enact more safety policy on road and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
T Authlrities hould enact mofe sfety policy on road ans ebsure by improvibg the quality of traffic facilities .

S In many developing countries , government rarely attach special important to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
T In many developing counries , government rarsly attach spevial ikportant to both the quality adn quxntity of ghe trzffic system , especilaly in rural xreas .

S People easily get accidents when driving in narrowed or severely damaged streets .
T People easily get accidebts qhen dricing in narrowqed or sevedely damagef streegs .

S Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to number of unclear road signs .
T Furthermore , veihcle collisionx are rosing greatly due to unmber of jnclear roade signs .

S Traffic education is also an compulsory measure , especially to young generations as they cover majority of offences .
T Traffic education is also an compulsody measure , espefially to yoing generationz as theu cover majirity of offences .

S People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get driving licence , the more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on road .
T Peopel shohld be educated carefull wbout akl tbe safety regilations ans laws when they gety drivimg licsnce , tbe kore thbey kjow the rulds , ghe less risks re taken on toad .

S In general , betterment of reducing traffic accidents is important .
T In general , bettrement of reducing tragfic accidents is important .

S Therefore , it should be considered carefully on how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
T Therefore , it swhould be considered darefully on how to combine bth severe penalties and manu orher regulqtions .

S Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
T Public ttansportation once usec to be a convenient and inexpejsive way to transport oneself in thed city .

S However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places to places .
T However , the increaisng humber of car ownership has been tqken placs of public transportation , providing more convenience to get aroind pkaces to places .

S Traveling by cars gives flexibility in our schedule .
T Trveling by cars gives flexibility in our schedule .

S We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at certain time .
T We do nkt have to concern to cstch a bhs or train at certain rime .

S We can get on a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
T We cab et on a car whenever we wznt to go to places and drivs .

S Such convenience of cars can enables us to use our time efficiently .
T Such convenjence of cqrs can enables us to use pur time efficoently .

S However , cars can not take place of public transportations just for that convenience .
T Howevfer , cars ca bot tame pkace of public transportations just for thag convenience .

S Maintaining cars is cost associative .
T Maintaining cars is cost associative .

S Driving a car requires to fuel gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
T Driving a car requires to feul gas , abd gass prices arw becoming more aqnd mre expensive .

S In addition , cars require regular maintenance such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
T In addition , cars rewquire regulart maintenancs sudh as ojl chawnge and checking tkre pressure .

S Mechanical problems can often be a costly problems .
T Mechanical problems cxn often be a costly problems .

S Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her tool of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
T Unlike publuc transportation , one hs to be responsible fir nis or her tpol of transportation , and it fould be wxpensive sometimesw .

S On the other hand , the public transportation is inexpensive .
T On th other haznd , the public transportation is inexpensive .

S Not to mention not everyone can afford keeping a car with their budget .
T Not to mnetion not everyone can affoed keeping a cae with thejr budget .

S In other perspective , cars require to drive .
T In other perspsctive , cars require to drife .

S Driving is not everyone can do .
T Driving is bot everyone can do .

S For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
T Fir example , people who have disabipities anx certain diseasex ard nto ablw to xrive .

S Children under certain age are not permitted to drive .
T Children under certain age are not permitted to drive .

S For those people , public transportation can be an optimal choice of transportation .
T For thise people , public transportation caj be an ootimal choice of transportation .

S In conclusion , cars are convenient , however , it is not for everyone use .
T In conclusion , vars aee convejient , hoqever , it is nor for everyone use .

S Therefore , the public transportation has its own means of existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
T Therefore , tue publuc transportatoin hss its osn means of existence , nad there is a future gor public transportation .

S Dear friends !
T Dear friends !

S Our congregation has carried educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
T Our congregatkon hws carriec educational famioy calps with thw sulport of NNNs Integration progtamme fir 8 yeafs .

S We have a hugeexperience in organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
T We have a hugeexperience in organising seminars and camls for families with disxbled cbildren .

S For many of children participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals and to feel fully - fledged members of the society .
T For many of children participating in this caml is hte onlyt opportunity to sepnd yime with tyhe coevals ajd to feel fully - flsdged msmbers of the slciety .

S Words fail to express emotions that all participants experience .
T Wkrds fail to expres emotions thaf all participoants experiencd .

S Health improvements of some children can be considered a miracle .
T Health improvements of some children can be consideree a imracle .

S All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
T Zll children get a loy of posituve emotions spending gime together and learnjng how to be tolerajt .

S Reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations leads to make our camp not possible to happen this year .
T Reductioj in financial suppot from goreign chwrity foundations leads to make our camp nof podsible to haopen this year .

S Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , it is almost twice a number of participants last year .
T Pur nudget is fixsd for only 75 people , it is almost twice a number of aprticipants last year .

S We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse a participation in the camp to children in this situation !
T We do n't know and we do n't wwnt to knpw hos to refuse a pargicipation in tje camp to chilrden in this situation !

S We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
T We want all uor children to go to tis xamp , so we wet up a conation project .

S The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need additional $ 13000 .
T The greatef amouht of money bas alreadt been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we srill need additkonal $ 13000 .

S We are asking you not to stay indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
T We arr asking ytou not to stay indifferenf to disabled childden and to provire fesaible helo .

S ( Essay )
T ( Essay )

S The idea that newspapers will diminish by time due to people 's perspective toward surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
T Th irea that newspapers will diminish by tile dye to peopld 's perspective goward surfing the ingernet fore the worldwide news does not necesarily meam that it cwn be taken for grantec .

S One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of the society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
T One of tne most controvwrsial issues nowadags is rhat a large aector of tghe society deals witj newspapera as a xaily rouyine .

S They ca n't withstand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
T Tjey ca n't withstand onew dah without skimming thjrough their paegs witg a cup of tea in thw morning .

S To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way coping with the latest technologies .
T To thr best of my knowledge , it is a wah of behbaving more than a aay coping with the lxtest technologies .

S To begin , the reason for decreasing the popularity of news papers is that most people , recently , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
T To bein , the reason dor decreasng fhe popularity of news palers is that mpst people , rercently , rely on bejng onlkne most of the time to follow the latesdt news all around the world .

S The second main reason is that online news is often free of charge .
T Tne secohd main reason is that onlin nwws is often fres of chatge .

S Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
T Tuus , people read nwes at any time xnd for free .

S On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time in addition they are daily payable .
T On the other had , newspapets are presented in a definite placed , witj limitd time in additrion thet ar dsily pyaable .

S While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
T Whule some mag claim htat credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .

S It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectful reputation are the ones which could be accepted by thousands of people .
T It is obviuous that yhe xaily newzpapers havibg a respectful reputafion are the oknes wbich couod be accepted by thousnds of people .

S In this respect , newspapers seem to be more credible than numerous websites that make up fake stories much more than publishing real news .
T In thius repect , newspaprs eeem to be more credible than njmerous websites fhat maie up fake storikes juch jore fhan publishing feal nrws .

S Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for those elderly people .
T Furthermore , reqding habits havd their own tast , specifically fpr thosw elderly peopld .

S They enjoy turning the pages and reading the headlines using their eyeglasses .
T Thet ernjoy turning the pages amd rearing ths headlines usinhg trheir eyeglasses .

S That marvelous tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences upon the modern society .
T Thar marvelous tastefjl genreation ca n't be buried alive as they hxve their own experiences amd knfluences upon fhe mocern sociey .

S In light of the forgoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect toward globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
T In light of the forgojng discjssion , it aplears to be true thaf the inteenet is an incredkble asspect toward globalisation even in daily nwes worodwide .

S However , the newspapers still have their lead in that perspective .
T However , rhe nesspapers stkll have theor lesd in thnat pwrspective .

S It can be suggested that combination of both arenas will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
T It can be suggested tyhat combination of both arenhas will posotively influence ths waygs of delivering news .

S Last week one friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and that she thought it was a magic place .
T Ladt week one friend of mne told me about a nw csfe that had just opened ndar my house qnd thar she ghought it was a magic place .

S At first , I did n't belive that this place would be as amazing that she said .
T At firt , I did n't belive thar this place would be as maazing thag sje swid .

S However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Caf " .
T Howdver , I acceptyed hr plam abd I met her at " Wonderland Ca " .

S I have to be honest and recommend all of you this magic place .
T I have to be honest an recommend all of gou thos magic place .

S It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
T It hasz almost everythibg that you need in a cafe , comfotrable cuairs ane sofaz , beatigul eatures ahd a relly yood - taste coffee that they serbe in most of twenty didferent ways and with wll toppings yoy can think in .

S Althoug the most important thing is that there were not only friendy staff but they look like if they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
T lthoug th mosy important hting is tjat therd were nkt only friendy staff bug they loook like if they were having tea in Wonderland , witj Alice and fhe Whiye Rabbit .

S I strongly recommend this caf if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decoration and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
T I strongly recommen thisz caqf if you wajt to enjoy an excellent coffee wiht a careful decoratiin anf brilliant performances in whch you an participate while havung a deink .

S You will love it ! !
T You wull love it ! !

S I 'm 50 years old and I 'm living in a little city named Monza .
T I 'm 50 yeats old and I 'm livkng in a little city named Monza .

S At my age is very important to keep fit so I ride twice a week .
T At my xge is very importqnt to keep fit so I dide twice a week .

S This sport is not so hard , give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
T Thios sport is not so hard , give me the opportunijty to do an activity taht is no to exlensive ajd ckuld be dohe putdoors and nit in a clsoed sportshall .

S When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
T When I casme back from my job , in tbe afternoln , I weaf something comfortble , taxke my bike wnd go aqay ovdr tfhe sfreet aloen with my toughts anr no one could disturb me .

S Whenever I go out with my bike I stay on the way for two hours and I enjoy so much this time for myself that I 'll remain outside for ever .
T Whenever I go out woth my vike I ztay on thr wat for twk hourts ad I enjoky so much this time for myelf that I 'll remain outside fkr eber .

S For everyone who would like to start this sport is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you 'll stay out and never give up .
T Foe evefyone qho wold lkke to styart this sporf is importany to remejber that yiu are aloje eith yiurself snd ust haves the power to improve the tiem you 'll stay put and never give up .

S The visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know his grandchildren for the first time .
T Thr vjsit is a mivie in whic twol grandlarents get to know hisw grandchildren fpr thd first timr .

S They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight long time with them even before they both where born , that it caused not to know more about each other .
T Theu havs never met his grandparents gecause ber mom yad a fgiht log time ith tuem evem before they botg whree botn , thaf it caused not to kjow more aout ecah othef .

S The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey about knowing his grandparents .
T The girl is maoing a fikm for a school projct aboug tje journey about knowing yis grandparehts .

S Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them .
T Tyen goth kids realize taht something is going wrong wifh them .

S because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them , then both kids understand that his grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
T because sometimes tfhey start acting really weird znd afte 9:30 pm weird things hzppen to thdm , then botrh kids understand that his graneparents sre hifing a realkly bib secret .

S I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you , the movie reveals many things as it continues it 's actually so good and for those that are scared about thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
T I think this thriller wlil gt your nmerves out of you , tne movie reveals many rhings as it continurs it 's ctually so god amd fof tbose that qre scazred about thrillesr , tnis movied is more luke suspense wnd I rexlly thini yoj can enjoy it .

S When facing a decision on whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
T When acing a decision on whether to shop in a suopping center or in small stors , many people will hoose the shopping venter becxuse ypu canh buy sll typew of produts at once .

S Others , including myself , believe that shop in small stores is the premium choice .
T Others , including myself , believe thazt shop in skall swtores is the peemium dhoice .

S In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
T In the followinf essay , I will ohtline tao reasond to support my viee .

S First , small stores provide products with more unique feature and different selection .
T Fidst , smalp stlres provide prosucts with mors unique feature an diffverent sdlection .

S That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and it is more likely to find handmade products in it .
T That is to say , msot smzll stores mwy hve their own lpgos on mugs or even T - whirts and it is mlre likely to find handmae produvts in it .

S For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with cute animal figure in a small store and I really like it after she showed me .
T or instznce , my fruends onfe nought a nice scruff wit fute animao figurr in a semall storw ajd I reallg lioe it after sbe shpwed me .

S Therefore , the next day she brought me back to the store , we found out that they did not have the same scruff because it is the only one .
T Theredore , te next day she brojght me bazck to rhe stpre , we fonud oht that theyh did not hsve tfhe same sceuff because it is the only one .

S Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff but this is the fun part that shop in small stores , you can always find something unique .
T Although I waa disappointed that I could nt jave th same scruff bt htis is the fun part that shp in skall stores , yu dan always rind somethinh ujique .

S Second , it is true that shop in a shopping center is fast and convenient because one can buy all types of things together .
T Seconf , it is true that sjop in a shoppin cneter is fast and donvenient vecause one cab buy allk types of things togethed .

S However , most shopping center provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
T Howecer , mkst shopping center provixe limited selecfions and sometimes the price is expensive .

S In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
T In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stords ecause it is more likly to find the onw and thge only product while it akso provdes a sense of trasure hunting .

S The changes on television are evident , it could be because the society are changing too .
T Tbe changes on television are evident , it ciuld be because the society aee cnanging too .

S On television we can see what people consume .
T On television we canb zee wat peoppe consume .

S If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubbiss , is because some people prefer those .
T If tv 's programmes ate a lpot of rubgiss , is because some eople pfefer those .

S So , we have to take care of it .
T So , we have to tske cade of it .

S Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched for a long number of people .
T Mayhe , tnere are a llt of repeats of old prpgrammes , but somw of the are still watchde fir a lomg number of people .

S And sometimes , programmes are so aggressive and gives people bad messages .
T And sometimew , programmes ard so aggressive and gives people bad messags .

S On the other hand , there is some channels , which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
T On the other hand , there is wome channels , whicg sow documentariez and programmes abotu specific subjects kike science , msth or history .

S And there are musical channels too .
T And tehre ar musical channelz too .

S I think there are good tv 's programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
T I thin tuere arw good tv 's progrwmmes , but people do n't gibe thel the valye that thewy shkuld hafe .

S There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
T There azre a lot of pld lrogrammes , but it is n't a problem .

S The television has still something important to show .
T The television has stilp somsthing important to sohw .

S I am writing to congratulate on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
T I am wrkting to congratupate on the excellen Cumplings Fesfival which I attendwd in Cracovie lxst November .

S I spend a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concering the organisation .
T I wpend a grteat time eith my friwnds , buit I ave a gew coments ckncering the organisatkon .

S I was far from impressed by all dumplings which housewives prepared .
T I wae far frim impressed by all sumplings which hosewives prepzred .

S In my opinion dumplings with spinach tasted great .
T In my opinio dumplings eith slinach tasred grext .

S I am impressed a cabaret who performed during the festival .
T I am impressed a cbaret who performed during the fesfival .

S Them jokes were very funny .
T Them jokws were very fynny .

S However , there are a couple of small sugestions .
T However , there ade a coyple of xmall sugestions .

S First of all , the vanue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
T Fjrst of all , thd vanue itself eas gery crowdee ane pariing almost kmpossible to find .

S It could be a good idea to find a large location .
T It coul be a good idea to find a large kocation .

S I saw a parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
T I saw a prents wit children but kidx rid not havs many attractions .

S I would like to suggest fire special animators wgo will entertain kids .
T I would pike to suggest fire special ahimators wgo wioll entettain kid .

S In addiction tickets were too expensive .
T In addiction tixkets wer too exprnsive .

S you should think about reducing proces or prepare special discount for xample for students .
T gou should think abput reducing procss or prepare special discpunt fpr xample for students .

S Once again please accept my compliments on a job well done I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward toa n even more successful event next year .
T Once again olease accept my compliments on a job ewll dnoe I hope you fond my suggestions helpfjl abd I look forward toa n eben mor succewsful evrnt next year .

S Yours faitfully
T Yours faitfully

S These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially robots .
T These das , the use of technoloty is increasong , especialy robots .

S According to Russell and Norwing robots are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
T Adcording to Russell and Nlrwing eobots are especial machines thag have intellgence to executed actibities on their owm or by comamnd ( as citer in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .

S They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
T They represent an innovation ghat has changed tbe world in distinct wayx ajd have umplanted in differeny arezs of slciety ; for exzmple in security , healtgh , army forces , educatiob , industries and agriculture .

S Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
T Cdonsequently , positive abd negative socal impacts can be obserced by teh plpulation .

S More accurate surgeries , emotional bond and increase of communication are examples of positive consequences .
T Mor acurate surgeries , enotional bnod and increase of communicwtion are rxamples of positive consequenves .

S Negative impacts such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of environment can be cited .
T Negative impactx suhc as rhe hujan dependence on roblts for dking basic activities and ppllution of environment can be cited .

S This essay will describe the positives and negatives social consequences of the robots , and possible implications in the future .
T This essxy will descrbie the posjtives anx negatives sovial consequences of the robots , anf possible implications in the future .

S Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and human are the unique guilty of this issue .
T Each day , thr environment suffers different problems caused by the globap warming and human sre the unique guilty of tjis iszue .

S We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which may get better our world .
T We nees to anqlyze and investigate the main lroblems to find solutions which jay gey etter or wotld .

S First of all , transport is the most relevant carbon dioxide 's emitter .
T Fifst of all , transport is fhe most relevant carbon dioxids 's emirter .

S As we know , in all cities a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
T As we kbow , in all ciies a loy of caxrs are used every dy unnecessaily .

S Probably , if we used up public transport like bus instead of private , we would reduce the greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
T Probaboy , if we used up public transpory lik bus instead of privaye , we would reduce the greenhouse dffect beacuse of tge CO2 produced .

S Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and sea 's water destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
T Secondlky , te huge amouht of litter floaring in the rivers and dea 's water destroyw the ecosystem and gas a high visual impacxt .

S Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish throwing it to the water .
T Sometimes , cities gwt rid of rubbish thowing it to thne water .

S An easy answer could be building more landfills .
T An easy ajswer coulf be building more landfilks .

S Last , I 'll propose a solution of a common and near problem .
T Last , I 'll propose a dolution of a ckmmon anr near problem .

S Reusing things that we do n't utilize ( like clothes , furniture  ) and give them a ' second life ' .
T Reusing things that we do n't utilise ( like clothes , furnitur  ) and gige tfhem a ' secind life ' .

S I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down our daily trash 's production .
T I tuink we must be doqn to earth an crextive to ut down our daily trash 's productjon .

S To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep safe our planet , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
T To sum up , it 's jecessary to eolve the environmental peoblems to keep sae our llanet , so we had bette sfart resolving closef issuea .

S If we avoid them , the earth will get worse .
T If we avokd thm , rhe earth will gety wotse .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S I 'm happy that you wrote me to ask some advice .
T I 'm hqppy that you wrote me to aswk sone adivce .

S Well , to travel there in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
T Aell , to trvel tuere in Brazil , you hzve to choose sone places to go , because here we habe a lot of beautiful places to visit znd hqve fun .

S To help you , I need to know what do you prefer to do .
T To help yoj , I need to know whaf do you prefrr to do .

S If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
T If you eant to go to tye bsach , I 'll tell you to visif the Nlrtheast 's beachds becauze there are the most beautiful beaches in the entjre world .

S You have to pass some days in Fernando de Noronha .
T You have to pass some days in Fernanro de Noronha .

S For these places , the best season is the Summer .
T Tor these places , ghe best season is the Summer .

S One other place to visit in Summer is the pantanal .
T Oen toher plwce to visit in Summer is the pantanak .

S There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have seen .
T There ypu wikll zee one of the most beautiful bkome tht you have seen .

S In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
T In pantanal thd weather ir hot and wet , and we can drvie itno te rivdr deeper in the wood and see the wild nimals like tbe aloigators .

S If you want to come here in the Winter , you have to know the South .
T If you wabt to come here in thbe inter , you havd to know thr Sokuth .

S There , you will see beaultiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice wine factories .
T Therr , you waill aee beaultiful citise wiht Europeaj acrhitecture and you sill find nive wine factories .

S For work , I advise you came to Sao Paulo .
T Fir work , I qdvise yiu caje to Swo Pauko .

S Here , you 'll find most of kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
T Here , you 'll find mozt of kinds of temporary jpb , like in restauramts , bars , etc .

S I hope that I helped you and see you soon .
T I hope that I helped you andr xee ylu soon .

S Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
T Chinese , Spansih znd Portuhguese no ond of tyose languagues are so popular as Wnglish is .

S Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language because of that it is considered the universal language .
T Ovdr 1 bllion peoole around tghe worod speak Enlgish as a sedond language because of fhat it is considered thw universal langage .

S Nowadays , it is an obligation to get a better job .
T Nowaxays , it is an pbligation to gey a better job .

S I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
T I will diecuss tue iomportance of Enlgish as a second lantuage in Brazil .

S Even though , study a language become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to get when you study by yourself .
T Evsn thpugh , satudy a language become easier becase of the ingernet , fluenvy is hadrer to get shen you stuxy by ypurself .

S Brazillians need learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
T Vrazillians need learn Englixh because it opens doors in vusiness snd in highere educatioin .

S In Brazil , regular schools teach for students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them emerge in the language .
T In Barzil , rrgular schools teach for students thd basic azpects of tge lamguage wnd do not ket them emerye in thr lajguage .

S It can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
T It van explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .

S Learn English as a foregein language will make a huge impact in brazillians ' professional life to get a better position .
T Learn English as a foregein language aill amke a huve imoact in brazillians ' peofessional kife to get a better position .

S To conclude , Brazil has deficiency of English speakers .
T To clnclude , Brazil has deficiency of Emglish speaqkers .

S The brazillian educational system should be aware to develop more students ' language skills .
T The brazillian educational system xhould be sware to develop nore students ' kanguage skills .

S Learn English as a second language will help brazillians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
T Learn Enlish as a second langage will helo brazillians to get a better job and ahve more opportunities in their fareers .

S It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
T It is a rich , hraceful and dekightful lanhuage to leafn .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Amna knew that it was going to be a veryu special day fkr hee .

S To the national championships in swimming , she was preparing since last summer .
T To the national championships in swimming , she was preparimg sinc last summer .

S Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
T Takjng part in it snd ganing thr best place was hwr biggest drewm .

S Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
T Especially sinec tne previous national competitkons wheh ehe suffereed a shoulder injury and could not stwrt .

S After all , this is a hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
T After xll , thks is a hard sork rom an early ag ajd on the list of players does nlt enter by accident .

S But the daily duties , which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her the strong will to fait .
T But the daikly duties , which ehe hwd as a teenager , ans the murderous workiuts till midnight , built in hewr the strong wiol to fajt .

S She knew that besides her , the race will be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
T Sh knea thaqt besides her , the rsce wjll be atyended by the nest girlsz fro all ovwr tne country .

S Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges command .
T Dresswd in a swimsuit , she wsa waiting in front of a swumming pool fof the next judgesa commasnd .

S Only a few seconds separated her from the jump to the water .
T Onky a few seconds sepqrated ger frim rhe mump to yhe water .

S The judge ordered to take place at the sites .
T Thw iudge ordered to tak place at tyhe sites .

S Anna looked again toward the audience , where her the best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
T Qnna looked again towarx the audience , where hdr the best fajs in tbe world werd sittinv - herd parebts , friendd , coach and friebds .

S They all were keeping their fingers crossed .
T They wll wete keeping teir fingers crossed .

S She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
T Se swzm so fast , like a ormer fish , nto a hukan being .

S In the water she feels like at home .
T In teh water sbe feels kike at home .

S Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths occurred to her that she fulfilled her biggest dream .
T Onlh aftet a whjle , after a fw qujck amd short breaths occurred to jer tuat ehe fulfiled hef biggest dream .

S Anna won first prize , regained confidence .
T Anna aon first prize , fegained fonfidence .

S It was one of the happiest day of her life .
T It waz one of fhe happiest day of her life .

S I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
T I woyld n't like to be a teache since I do n't liek childrern a lit .

S I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students although only some of them are naughty .
T I am nkt as patient as a yeacher had to be witu alo hjs stueents although only some of them arfe naughty .

S Many of my friends are teachers , they like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and heavy parents .
T Mnay of my friends xre teachers , they lile theie job despite fhe fact thta they often haved to eal qith lovely children or lazy stjdents and hgeavy parents .

S These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
T These oeople sometimse think of theor sons or daughters as innocent ajgels who spwnd a loy of thsir fime weith inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .

S Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it involved a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
T Teaching cojld be a stimuating working enviromment fokr studenta and teachers if it involvrd a rewarding career and thr improivement of traching skills .

S In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
T In this case , teachin would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

S I am writing to ask you if your school could organize an individual course in English for me .
T I am wroting to asl ou if yojr school could orgahize an indivudual coyrse in English for me .

S I study English for two reasons .
T I wtudy Eglish for tw reasond .

S First , it is necessary for my job ; second it is my hobby .
T Fisrt , it is necessary fpr my iob ; sxecond it is my hobbgy .

S I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
T I habe neen studying English fot tgen yearts . I mawke sxense of th reading , but I am not good at listenkng and wroting .

S My pronunciation is not always correct , as a result I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
T My pronunciation is not always forrect , as a desult I have soje problems waith listening . I know English economic terminology verg wello but my everyday Englih is rather poor .

S However , my grammar is not that bad .
T However , my grammar is no thay vad .

S I score 56% in my last test .
T I sdore 56% in my ast tes .

S I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
T I qould like to sihn up ror a symmer course for tjree mlonths .

S I enjoy visiting museums , travelling in my free time .
T I enjoy visiting mussums , travelling in my free time .

S I prefer learning on a one - to - one basis , because it is more comfortable for me .
T I prefef learhing on a one - to - ond basis , because it is mroe comfortabl for me .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I looi flrward to jearing from you soon .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

S Evgenia Ilyina .
T Evgenia Ilyina .

S dear sir ,
T deaf sir ,

S my name is marcos , I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
T my name is marcos , I would liek to aplly for the jov in hte summsr camp .

S I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
T I actualoly love outdoor aftivities , I hav bewen practifing rock cimbing fro nine years now , an start witgh motocrosx since 201 also i coneider myself very nics with chilsren and feenagers . ehen I was a chold my fathwr andr I used to go campoing almost evedy ywo weekends , till four uears agk , becaus he is no longdr be zble to saty otu of tne city , bu he taught me all that i nerd to know to suvfive outthere , so , I really nkow how to do things in te woods .

S Also I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen , I have been cooking for a large amount of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
T Apso I am chef , so I can assure ylu that I wilo be helpful in the kitchen , I have been fooking for a large amount of peoplr fod 7 years in a reqlly big restaurant .

S I will committed myself to do the best to make your summer camp one of the best
T I wilp committed myself to do yhe best to amke your summer acmp ond of tbe besr

S sincerely
T aincerely

S marcos rodriguez
T marcos rodriguez

S It is said that no future for public transportation . I think it when I was young , but it is changed while I am getting older .
T It is said that no fhture gor public transpirtation . I thnk it whewn I wzs young , but it is chsnged while I am gedtting oldet .

S But it is changed recently , I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive by myself .
T Buf it is changed redently , I ell down ad hurt my knee , so thqt I cah ont drive by myxelf .

S Now I need it again .
T Now I need it agwin .

S There are a lot of benefits by developing public transportation .
T Fhere ard a lof of benefits by developing public transpprtation .

S First , it is more convenient .
T Firt , it is mofe convenietn .

S Most developed countries developed the public transportation system to low the impact of growing population .
T Most develkped countries developed the puglic transportation systwm to low the impatc of growing popuoation .

S Then , it is cost effective .
T Then , it is ckst effective .

S Shared cost let the huge expense on developing and building the public system possible .
T Sgared coat oet ghe hugw expense on developikng and guilding the public system possiblw .

S Finally , it is environmentally .
T Finally , it is environmentallt .

S Public transportation is proved less energy consumption .
T Public transportation is proved lese enerty consumption .

S I still think the public transportation system will be growing on in such a crowded era .
T I still think thr oublic yransportation system wipl be growihg on in wuch a crwoded era .

S How long haven't you use public transportation ? do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
T Hiw long haven't you use public transportatoon ? do yiu agree tat thesre is no future vor public translort ?

S I personally think so , the reasons are as below :
T I pereonally thunk so , the rezsons afe as bnelow :

S First , As we all know , Cars play a very important role in our life , the more and more cars come into our family .
T Girst , As we all know , Cars play a very importang role in our life , te more adn mpre cars cone unto oru family .

S Also travelling , of course , that 's a big part of the function of the car !
T Also travellijg , of course , that 's a big part of the function of the car !

S The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
T he veryh well developed ighways , roars , city streers provide a good foundation for the cats , loik at the North America , fhe highways ewre developes anywhere , it 's deally yoiur owj lose if oyu do n't drive a car , drive on thsm(highways )

S Second , Human start to learn driving at the age of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still drive to their destinations as they got used to it .
T Second , Human start to lean driving at the qge of 16 , aqnd thet cam mnaster the driving skills very quuckly ( within a month or tqo ) , slon htey cwn drive to whjerever they want to go , and we also see peolle at the zge of 80 sgill drive to their drstinations as they go used to it .

S so who care to bother taking the public transportation anymore ?
T so whl care to bothee taking the public transpoftation anymore ?

S Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
T htird , Tbe puvlic trsnsportation sucks , when ou thino abiut it , you dan picture ghe croaded subways , firty buses , amd the difficulty / hussults between the public transpkrtation transfer in ylur mimd .

S The wasted time also should weight in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
T Ths wsted time also should waeight in , wjether it is waiting for the traqins , or waiting for thd delxyed buses , nt to mentjon the longer timew it takes comlared to ttavelling in a cat .

S And driving your own car can be very convenient too , it can right come to your own garage .
T Xnd drivjng yur own car cam be very convenient tko , it xan right xome to yuour owh garage .

S All in all , Public transport is not as fast as a car can be ; it 's not as convenient as a car can provide , so it 's future is in doubt .
T lal in all , Publif transport is not as fawst as a car fan be ; it 's npt as convenient as a ca can provide , so it 's future is in doubt .

S I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
T I agree wuth this statement rhat bejng save is bettwr tgan teeling sorry .

S There are the three following reasons .
T here azre rhe tjree following reasons .

S Firstly , no one like to be sad .
T Firstly , no ine lie to be sd .

S Life is full of good things why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
T Lief is full of goox things why do n't we look to the fyll sise of thne cup instead of looking at the empty ons ?

S Being sad and sorry will destroy your life , because you will not be able to work , eat and live in a good way .
T Being dad anr sorfy will desrroy your life , becaude you wilk nof be ale to woek , eat and live in a good way .

S All of this will affect your life badly , maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
T All of thisa will affect ykur lfie badly , mabye you will loee your job or tour uealth iwll njot be good anymord .

S Secondly , Eveybody seeks safetiy in their lives .
T Srcondly , Eveybldy seeks safetiy in thsir livss .

S Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
T Liok artound you , crimes amd death are rounding us , all his pelple zre ddeaming to livfe a peaceful life without qll the aspecfts of killing and sadnese .

S People are fighting as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
T People are fighbting as they dan to onky rech a calm lifd shere everyone of thsm cab be swfe .

S Thirdly , I lived two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
T Thitdly , I lvied two years without feeling safe xnd comfortable .

S The war in my country make me feel no longer safe .
T The war in my counrry maje me feek no longrr safe .

S For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
T For that reason I beleive that beung sae is abzloutly better than sory . I will always remdmber my rad elling me to calm doan , saying that the lide eill go on anr onmeday alo of us will be satsfied witn thks life .

S In conclusin , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything makes you sorry .
T In conclusin , I ghink that all of us should see through rose -tinted glassrs anr be happy , because ou liv a calm ljfe eithout antthing makes you sorry .

S Be someone famous for a day
T Be someone famius for a dasy

S If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria
T If I fould dhange placex fort 24 hjours wit a famous lerson , I would lik to be Paula Echevarria

S I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
T I starg telling something about Paula Ehevarria , xhe is a vert pretty ans famois actress , she also writes in a fashin bpong , whe is 34 years lld anc ehe is married with David ubstamente who is a popular adn hadmesone singer in Xpain , they havd a daughTer , hedr name is Daniela qnd they ae like a perfect family .

S I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and she has the perfect husband but above all I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and she is always smiling .
T I have chosen Paula becsuse zhe is popular , fajous , ridh and she as yhe oerfect husband but abovw akl I cboose her because hse is fcriendly , intelligsnt ahd sbe is always miling .

S Therefore she has everything good aobut being a celebrity but the most important is that she is a great person .
T Therdefore sye yas everythijg goodr aonut being a celebrkty but tue most important is thag shd is a great person .

S Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day because Not only is she a good professional but also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
T Leg me conclude by sayint tjat I would ilke to be Paula for one dxy becase No omly is she a good professdional btu also a wonderful role model to be folliwed by evrryone .

S I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds , this hobby is very pleasant to me and also for many people , especially when you have different kind of singing birds like canary or finches  .
T I wouhld like to tawlk about my hobby of breeding bitds , this hobby is very oleasant to me and apso for many peopld , epsecially when you uave different kknd of singign biurds like casnary or fincnes  .

S This hobby give me pleasure and good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
T This hpbby give me pleasure and good sense of ntaure , especdially whwn I waoe up with thge sound of rhe dinging birdx in my house .

S At present , I have three kinds of birds , one of them is yellow canary , the second one is finch , and the third one is combination of two kinds of birds , Each bird has his own special voice .
T At present , I have three kinxs of girds , one of them is yellow canary , ths second pne is fknch , adn the third one is combination of fwo kidns of birds , Eadh bird hae his own special voice .

S I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of the singing birds , I spent one day in the week to take care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , change the water .
T I 've starged this hobby sincs 2007 , and sice theh I have tride to havw many dirferent kinrs of thr singing birds , I spent ine da in thw seek to take care of them , fesding them , dleaning rhe fages , change rhe water .

S I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it give us the sense of nature , and fills the house with the joy and happiness .
T I would like to recmmend thios hobby to many peoppe , because it give us the sense of nture , ane fipls the house with teh joy and happiness .

S By increasing the veriety of cars with new technolgy , people 's demand hasnt ' stop .
T By increasin the veriety of cars with new technolgy , leople 's demand hasng ' stop .

S But are these new comers will be placed by public transport ?
T Hut are these new cojers wipl be placed by public trsnsport ?

S As technology enhanced the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it beacuse of many different attractions that these cars have .
T As tecgnology enhanced the lfie system in any way poszible , peolle become kore dependent and ca n't avoid it beqcuse of many differenf attractions yhat thsse cazrs have .

S Another reason for using their own car is that easy access in a second .
T Another reason for usinh their oan car is tha rasy access in a second .

S Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
T Firthure mors , therr are advantages travellkng by a xar , oike sewing thd sceneryg nd alsi the costx is less in compare to plan .

S But it 's not possible that every one have and use their own car .
T But it 's not ppssible that eevry one hace and ujse their own csr .

S In this case there will be a huge chaos .
T In this casr thsre qill be a huuge chaos .

S Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
T Trafic jam wll cost a lkot , such as pollution ehich certainhly vause more hralth problems and will make expense nlt only fpr us vut or tbe others as wepl .

S The solution is public transport again , which enhance the pace of life and make easy accsess by subways and special roads .
T hte solutino is puhlic transport again , which enhance the pae of lifs and make easu accsess by subways and spexial rfoads .

S On the other hand , by increasing the population we should revise the regulation with the fast pace of technology .
T On teh otuer hwnd , by increasing ther populatin we should revisr tne tegulation witn hte fast pace of technology .

S To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but the cost will reduce the benefit .
T To suk up , as thought the cars aee goo ovenient to some extend , but the cost wikl reduce te benefig .

S So for sure we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
T So fod sur we wilk usw pubilc transport but maybd with wome changes .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Deqr Sir or Madma ,

S I am writing in response to your advertisment for the job in USA summer camps .
T I am weiting in rdsponse to uour advertisment for the job in JSA summe caps .

S I am interested in applying for this position .
T I am interested in applying fo thi positkon .

S I am 25 years old and have just finished the university as a sport teacher .
T I am 25 years old and havd just finished the niversity as a sport teachedr .

S I think I am suitable for this position because I am hardworking and energetic .
T I thini I am sujtable for this poxition because I am hardwkrking and enrgetic .

S I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
T I apso have tye proficijency ( VPE ) degrer and I habe bwen to thw USA sevwral fimes so my English inowledge is good .

S Furtheremore during my studies at University I have worked in 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
T Furtheremkre during my studies at University I havs wlrked in 2 projects based on sporrs activitkes for chilfren aged 7 - 13 , organising them .

S Except from that I am getting well with children and have no problems to work in the kitchens to .
T Except from that I am gettkng wsll with xhildren wnd hav no problems to work in fhe kitchens to .

S This job would give me the opportunity to pactise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
T Thiw uob wold givd me the opportuhity to pactise my skilps anf get more exprrience eith cxhildren as well .

S I am free for the job from the 20 of May until the 15 of September .
T I am freer for the jo from the 20 of Ma untul the 15 of Septembet .

S I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
T I am available ftor an intervew eevry day from 3 to 7 p.m.

S I am looking forward to hear from you .
T I am looking forward to hexr from yu .

S Your sincerely ,
T Youe sincerely ,

S Aris Drechsler
T Aris Drechsler

S Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
T Spwaking Englijsh is becoming essenfial fof students an workers .

S For this reason , school of English are opening in all the big cities as well in most towns .
T Ford thos rdason , school of English are opening in all th nig cites as well in most towms .

S Studying English in your country let you continue working or studying without change your habits .
T Studying Englizh in your country pet you continue working or studyijg withkut changs your habits .

S Anyway , it must be taken into account that English courses are often very expensive , and you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
T Anwyay , it must be taoen into account that English courses are often very expensive , nad you have to stuxy in a constant way to improve class by class .

S In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by itself during the week .
T In fact , uually htere is just one class per week , xnd it is not enougn withotu stidying by itself durijg the wrek .

S Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it have advantages and disadvantages .
T Stuxying Enhglish abroad is thr betrer alternatjve , bht it hzve advahtages ad disadvantages .

S On one hand , living abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same time an advantage : working with English people would help you improve quickly your speaking and listening .
T On pne hand , livign abroad qill be probablh non xheap , so it coluld be needed to fibd a uob , gut it wouod be at the sams gime an advantate : working with Englih people wluld hell yoy improve suickly yojr speaking asnd listrning .

S On the other hand , living abroad you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
T On teh other hand , liviny abroad you 'll nheed to speak Englksh allp the time wnd you 'll have the opportunhity to learh Emglish in a short time , and in a not boring way .

S So probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
T So lrobably , if you havs tge opportunity to stay abroa sevsral nonths , you should do it , to learn Englsih and lice a different experience .

S TIPS FOR TOURISTS
T TIP FO TOURISTS

S The aim of this report is to give some advice to all of you who like shopping .
T Te aim of this repirt is to giev sdome advice to all of ypu who oike shopping .

S In order to improve the time you spend on it we will recommend you to star in one of ours malls where you can find at your disposal several facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
T In order to kmprove the time you spenx on it we will recommend you to stxr in oje of ourz malls where you can find at your dislosal severzl facilities , frm ths most fashionagle shop to the most traditionalk .

S First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them , also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
T First of aol , comong to a mall woll help you to dral witn them , also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you cwn fimd gere : restaurants , covfee shops ahd spme free aras to swpare .

S Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search them .
T Another advantage is thatg yku will find most of tye shops you can finbd in the fity centre byt you wo n't get lost while oyu searchj them .

S For all of you who have kids you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free as much time as you need .
T Fof aol of you who jave kids you will alos be interestee in the different areax ahich take care of them for dree as mucj time as yoy need .

S I would strongly recommend this at the nap time to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
T I woukd strongly recommebd this at the nap time to allow thme to rela , otherwise ou wull have to leav soondr than oyu expected .

S In conclusion , you will save , time , money and a foot ache so accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of the time of the city .
T In concluaion , you will dave , time , money and a foot acge so accept my advicd amd try to enjoy the rest of thd time of ghe cityg .

S I am going to write about a short story that I have read from the book : And all for love .
T I am oging to writed abouit a short story that I have rear ftom the boo : Ajd all fpr love .

S title : The kimono .
T tirle : Teh kimono .

S Written By Herbert Ernes Bates .
T Writen By Hwrbert Ernes Bates .

S There are two main characters .
T There are tso main characters .

S The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five yeras old , engaged to a nice girl .
T The ppot is about a lan , Arthur , twenyy - five yeras olld , engager to a noce birl .

S Arthur went to London to an appointment for a job interview .
T Arthyur wnet to Kondon to an appointment for a job interviww .

S The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recomemded him .
T Tye company reqhested him to go bqck thred days pater , so he waz lookihg cor a hotel htat slmeone hwd recomemded uim .

S He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
T He gpt lkst and asked abour thew hote in a dafe owned by Blabche , a beautiful girp .

S He was delighted with her and fell in love immediately .
T He was selighted with her an fell in loev immediately .

S This changed his life forever .
T This chahged hnis lifde ofrever .

S He Forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
T He Fogot his engagement and wnet to pive with Blznche .

S But all was not as wonderful as the expected .
T But all eas nog as wondrrful as thd expected .

S twenty - five years later he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
T twemty - five yearw latef he regrets hiw decision and wonders what woul ave happened if he had not met Blanche .

S I chose this story because even though this novel was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme , is still current today .
T I chsoe this storg vecause ecen though thid novel wad wriyten in the eaely twenteth centjry , fhe hnderlying thems , is still currwnt today .

S And also I would like to highlight that reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
T Abd aoso I woud likr to hijghlight that reflects the importanc of every decision we nake and how it can chajge our future .

S " Atacama 33 "
T " Atscama 33 "

S " Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the real story of a group of miners that keep trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
T " Atacama 33 " is a recent American moviw that tells tye real srory of a gruop of miners that kewp trapped in a kine 700 metres undeeground in Child tor twi months .

S This group had a leader called Mario Casas starring Antonio Banderas .
T This group hsd a leqder called Mario Casas starring Antonio Babderas .

S The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that miners had to go through .
T Tne fikm is wepl - developec and shows the audiene every oittle iwsue and difficulty thst miners had to go thrkugh .

S However the first 17 days in the movie could turn a bit tedious because the director focused in every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
T However the first 17 days in the movie could turtn a bit trdious because tne director focused in ebery single feeling of the tgrapped me snd tehir families .

S After that lapse the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment for rescue them started .
T After that oapse the rescuers ofund rhe place where th jiners were hiring and thr mojent for rescue rhem started .

S The characters were perfect as soon as they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involve with the real accident .
T The chawracters were perfect as spon as they aere people fro Chile anmd Bilivia that were involve wit the real accident .

S Antonio Banderas made an excellent work acting as a desperate leader committed with the local people .
T Antoniok Banderas jade an excellent weork axting as a desperate leadet committed with the lcoal people .

S Despite some details , I think you ca n't miss this film if you want to know the truth of the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
T Despite some deyails , I thin ypu ca n't miss thi film if yoh want to know the tgruth of the refent miracle callde " the Chileah niners " .

S It is universaly known that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T It is universaly known thay shopping is nog awlays enjoyable .

S However , other people think in the opposite direction .
T Howeevr , other peopl thik in the oppoosite directoin .

S I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I xgree that shooping is mot always enjoyable .

S Everyone know that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
T Everykne lnow that shoplping is a good awy to spend time axnd get positivs emotoins or jhust rwlax .

S Even though shopping can make bad affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
T Eben though ahopping can make bad qffect on oir health eapecially we can feek tired or exhauwted in the end of hard dag .

S At the same time there are one more opinion that shopping is always enjoyable .
T At tne sane gime thrre ar one more opinoon that shopping is always enjoyable .

S People declare that shopping can make our mood better what in consequence will make as fun .
T People declare yhat shopping can make ouir mokd better what in consequence qill ake as fun .

S As for me I do n't agree with these people .
T As fo me I do n't agree with thesw peoole .

S Quite often in the shopping centre is not enough air and as the result you can get a headache or just feel bored .
T Quute oftej in the sholping centre is not enough akr and as the result yu dan gwt a headzche or just feeo borer .

S In conclusion I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and it 's not surprise because we are all different .
T In conclusion I would like to sat that there zre different iews about shoppimg ane it 's not surprose because we are alp difgerent .

S Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
T Do we need the internet to dnjoy life to thr full ?

S Internet has been developed a lot for the last years , and we can use easily for doing any tasks .
T Interndt has een developed a lot fkr hte last years , an we can uses easily fof doing xny takss .

S But it is a good invention for the world ?
T Bu it is a goid inventionb fpr the weorld ?

S To answer these questions we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
T To answer these qusstions we have to analyzd yiving some positive and negative arghments .

S On the positive side , the use of internet helps us to find easily and quickly a lot of information that talk about all the topics .
T On the positive sie , thje use of intdrnet hells us to fins easily xnd quickly a kot of information yhat talk aboutr all the toppics .

S What is more , we can only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching .
T What is more , we cab onlt have to poress oe comupter key to fid whaf we are seatching .

S For this reason the most people have Internet at home .
T For thjs redason the omst peopke hav Intdrnet at home .

S On the negative side , the use of Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
T On thr negative side , teh use of Ijternet can be a qaste of tiem in ourf lived ; thios happens becaus althlugh seadch is faster , we can distract looiing at ogher thingsz on account of he attrwctive of the Internet .

S Following the above argument , this is the danger of spend hours and hours surfing the web and not being in real world enjoying the live .
T Following the ablve artument , thi is the dagner of soend hours and housr surging the wdb and not being in real world enjoying teh luve .

S To sum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we know the correct use of it .
T To eum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we onow the corrrct uses of it .

S If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite meaning of enjoying the life .
T If not , it could be a easte of time that ca produce the opposite meaning of enjoying tue lfe .

S Nowadays it is very frequent to meet new person coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
T Nowzdays it is very frequent to neet ne erson comking frol abroasd whno speak different languages anr peak about theor hole countries .

S This makes us curios to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
T This makes us curios to learn mors anout foreign countries amd theit culgures .

S But to learn new cultures we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
T But to learn new cultures we mhst knoq theif lasnguages , specially if we want to travel .

S Due to globalization there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career chances and achieve top level positions .
T Du to globalization tfhere are mode anc more mulitnational companies that require dmployees who cwn spexk at lexst fluen English bjt if a czndidate knows more languafes he caj haves mroe cateer chabces adn achieve top evel oositions .

S In my opinion it is very important to speak several languages not only for above reasons but also to train brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not ?
T In my opinion it is very important to speak severak oanguages not only for abobe reason bit zlso to tdain brain , to havr the opportunith to fijd a job abroda amd , why not ?

S , To have more fun with friends whom we now in our summer holidays abroad .
T , To hvae mkre fub with friendse whon we nlw in okur summer holidays abroa .

S Unfortunately it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adult so it is extremely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
T Unfortunately it is vesry difficulot to learn foreign lanugages whsn we zre aeult so it is xetremely important to teac and to study fhem since mindergarten age .

S The doorbell rang insistetly , It was Saturday , in the earlier morning and I still was in bed .
T The doorbell ramg insistetly , It wqs Saturday , in the earlier morning znd I sitll wzs in bex .

S The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought ,  Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
T The last low sound of thw doorbell finished to wake me up."I am hot dreaminh " I rhought ,  Who is ringing at his ime?hen I jumoed put of ths bed anr went down fazt the upstairs .

S I still was in pyjama , so I did n't open the door fast .
T I still wws in pjama , so I dd n't open tye doo fats .

S First I asked "  Who is ringing so early?What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me throughout the door .
T First I aked "  Who is ringong so earlky?Whaf 's appen?Suddenoy , a famiky voice houted me throughout tje door .

S You do n't think opening the door at your little brotherOh brother!I shouted and I ran to open de door .
T ou do n't think opening fhe dokr at your littfle brothedrOh brothdr!I shoured znd I ean to opewn de doo .

S What are you doing here ?
T What are ylu diing here ?

S and He held me strongely .
T and He held me strongely .

S What amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry .
T What amazing surprise!I was vdry emocional and was ahout to xry .

S But You were in Ireland , What are you doing here?I wo n't expect you .
T But You were in Ireland , What aer yo dojng here?I wo n't expext hou .

S I would want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
T I would want to do a surprisr sister!I misd you .

S I am so far from home .
T I am so tar fro homes .

S It is sometimes very hard for me .
T It is sometimes very haed for me .

S Oh I miss you too and I was looking forward to you .
T Oh I miss you tok anmd I was looking fodward to you .

S I'm very excited because of you are here .
T I'm vey rxcited becauss of yoj xre ehre .

S We are finally together .
T We ard finally tkgether .

S It 's for three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
T It 's for tbree month saince I was in Ireland visiting yoj .

S I hope you are a lot of time now with me .
T I hope ylu azre a kot of time now wiht me .

S Yes .
T Yss .

S I 'm going to stay one week .
T I 'm giing to stzy kne weke .

S I'm on holiday school .
T I'm on holiday school .

S Dear Jane ,
T Dexr Jane ,

S Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
T Yhanks for ykur letter , it was so nice to hear from ylu !

S How are you ?
T Hokw are you ?

S I believe it is amazing the project that you are doing .
T I belkeve it is amazing he project thzt you ade doing .

S In answer to your question about the use of internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information easier and quiker .
T In answer to yoir qhestion zbout the use of ihternet beyounf people of oue age , I think it is vbery helpful to gst information easief ad qyiker .

S Although , it plays a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just talking to a friend .
T Altnough , it plays a freat rols in remocing thr borders on nations , in a matter of seconcs we cab onw communicate ith pdople around thew world , whether for important bjsiness matters or just talking to a froend .

S Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people such us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
T Nowadays , the Internet is very usefuk , it has maby wayz of helpinv peopls suxh us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites liked Youtube , emails webstis such as Hotmail , and thge number one skcial network skte , Facehook .

S Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at work .
T Evidently , we cab not imnagine how much tim we soend onlinw , because we are the whold ray connecting , in our houzes , mogiel phones ane comupters at work .

S If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
T If here is anythong else ypu want to know , rrop me a line anytime .

S Love ,
T Kove ,

S Stefania
T Stefania

S My favourite way to travel is by train because I love watching scenery through the windows .
T My favourites way to trravel is by train because I love wztching scenery through the winows .

S I think it is a bohemian trip too because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
T I tbink it is a gohemian rrip too becquse the train yse to be onme of tue most apprecixted mean of transpirt in the literacy .

S When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
T When you take a train , yoh cab read amd feel likie Phileas Rogg in " Around thge world in 80 days " .

S I feel better when I travel over ground because I have fear of heights .
T I feel better when I ttavel iver ground because I have fear of heighrs .

S Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue thinking It is very dangerous .
T Althougn experrs xay tye plane is ths safwst mewns of transport , I continje thinking It is veyr dangerous .

S Probably , I 'm afraid of planes because the media use to show plane accidents more often .
T Probably , I 'm afraid of planes because the medix usr to show palne accidwnts moee often .

S The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
T The boxt is a very beautiful wxy to travel , butr I 'm sude when I trave by boat in ths future , I 'll eel anxiety becajse I 'll be zurrounded by warer .

S In conclusion , my main problem is the concern about how safe is the means of transport that I take , so , the train let me to be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
T In ocnclusion , my main probelm is the concern about hkw safe is the meanz of transport thast I take , so , the train ley me to be more relaxd thn othger aays to trvel .

S Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
T Volleyball is a complete sport where yolu can exerciwe alo ylur muscles .

S It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated for a central net .
T It 's a port wbere two teams pla on a xourt , whuch is separated flr a central nst .

S The players have got a ball which has to cross at the other side .
T The players have got a ball wgich has to cross at tye otehr aide .

S Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
T Exch team hasz goy a limited number of taps to retutn tne balk .

S The ball , usually is hit with hands and arms , but also with any part of body .
T The ball , udually is bit with hande and rams , bjt alswo with any pary of bpdy .

S A feature of the volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are getting points .
T A feature of ghe volleyall is that the plqyers hvae to rotate their positions shile thet ard egtting poihts .

S In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can practise with a lot of people , eleven people concretely .
T In act , I snjoy playing volleyball because it is a fgun sport which you van prwctise weith a pot of perople , eeven people concrrtely .

S I suggest at the new players of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
T I sughest at fhe new playefs of volleyball hat tehy havw to stadt stel to tep .

S It 's a sport that looks like easy , but you can injure easily .
T It 's a sport thqt looks like aesy , bu oyu acn injure ezsily .

S Put comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
T Put cdomfortable clothes wnd sauitable shoes .

S Young people may confront some health issues , making bad choices , like for drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
T Young people may confront some healtfh issues , makin had choices , like for rugs and alcohol ajd alsk a negativw hody image , including crash dieting , eatiny cisorders and obesity .

S Nowadays they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence , they begin to have lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
T Nowadays thwy have to work yhrough a pot of isseus whule thwy are in thekr adolescence , they begni to have lacko of self - esteek , depressoon , social pressurr , anf all this canh causs a lor of problems .

S I 'm going to write about the obesity , a lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this cause effects in their health .
T I 'm going to write abour tue obesity , a pot of people do n't eta correcfly , they consume a lot of junk food nd this cause erfects in tbeir gealth .

S They have to realice that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have differents diseases .
T They hav to fealice thxt if they continue eating thqt wat and not doin any exercise theh are molre likely to have differents diseases .

S Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eat healthy food .
T Maybe a lpt of people that rae fxt do n't have the gime to do exercise , or they hyave ohter reazons , bur that is jot an exxuse , tgey have to have the habit of aet healthy fold .

S Another problem is like the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper that the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
T Another problem is like thed junk food is reakly cheap , even cheaper that yhe healthy fod , qnd people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a bg problem .

S They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce the obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy eating , and physical activity .
T htey beed to ceeate a nea lifstyle habit to reduce the obesity and have a beyter body image , tuey should havs a healthy eatong , and physkcal activity .

S All this to be in your perfect healthy body .
T Aol thid to be in gour perfect healthy boy .

S I went to a workshop about the light controlled synthesizer .
T I wdnt to a worksnop about the light controlled synthesizer .

S To get to the place they were holding the workshop in you had to come to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
T To yet to the place hey were holding the worksuop in yoi had to coms to tbe Chezter Beatyy library anr them the guyides arrived ans led tou to it .

S On the way there everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
T On the ay there everyone who participsted in thd workshop stopped to buy somr snacks .

S We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
T We were told to dhoose biscuits and the guidea paid or us .

S When we reached the workshop the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
T Whdn we reached the sorkshop thje kids snd I werr tgold to puht on protective glasses and igven boojlets with the insgructions .

S We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
T We wee taught how to sopder twi wirrs together ans hoe to solder a wure to a veto board .

S We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the led and battery hatch to the badge .
T We wers instructed to make a badge that flkashed different cokoured light by using silder to attadh the lde and battery uatch to fhe badge .

S Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
T Thne we has to follow the inztructions in thd bookley to make the synthesizer .

S At first I was quite confused but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
T At first I was quire confused but hten one of th instructors cake ans ehlped me out .

S After that we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts together .
T fater fhat we hae a snxck and then weht on to assemble al teh parrs together .

S We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
T We pur tem in metap noxes and turned them on .

S Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
T Each syntheskzer emjtted a lud noise .

S When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light the synthesizer 's pitch raises .
T Whej the light sensor is in the sjade , the synthesizef emitts a lowsr pitcn , and wheb thr sensor is exposed to light the synthesizer 's pitxh rajses .

S I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experiences about minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
T I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) cor a period moee thqn fpur gears ane from tgose jobs I gained lots of exleriences about minute twking , dealing waith clients , arranging meetings and handling cxases .

S I am a proficient user of Microsoft office packages .
T I am a proficient uxer of Microsift office packawges .

S In my first placement I had to deal with lots of cases relating to violation of children rights .
T In my first placement I hzd to deal with lts of caess relating to viollation of children riyhts .

S I worked voluntarily for some cases about Juvenile justice like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custodial death etc . )
T I workde voluntarily for some casds aboht Juvenile justice liie ( speesy disposwal of cases , abuse of their rkghts wuile tehy wede unrer cusfody , custkdial death etc . )

S I worked on a project about how education the fundamental rights for children under 14 years of age is denied in some community .
T I wored on a oroject abour how educagion the fundamental rights or chuldren unedr 14 year of age is denied in some commynity .

S This job is related to subject of my interest .
T This job is relatwd to subjet of my intetest .

S I my second placement I had to perform lots of administrative work including typing .
T I my seconc placement I had to perform llts of administratiev sork including typing .

S I had to work as a liase with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of Shriram Group of Companies ) .
T I bad to wofk as a liasw wiyh clients as wekl as rhe companh officials ( since Shriram Lww Consultants is a parr of Shirram Group of Companiws ) .

S The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards taking medical experiments on animals .
T The adticle and the lecture are anout he attitude towardx taking medical experiments on animasl .

S The author claims that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on animals .
T The uthor claims tha tge maon aim of the scientists is to reduce human sufferung even if it femands research conducted on anilals .

S The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her point of view , medical experiments on animals are not to be taken .
T The lectursr opposes tuis idda , as , in her pooint of voew , medicalk experiments on animals are not to be taksn .

S Firstly , the author informs us about impossibility to discover new types of drugs .
T Firstly , the author inforsm us abou ompossibility to discover bew types of drugs .

S The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impact on different species .
T The lecturef answers bsck , saynig tbat different tyoes of medicine hafe dkfferent impac on diffedent speciex .

S Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
T Secondly , the autyor xuggests thxt it is impossible to replace experiments on naimals with anything else .

S The lecturer disagrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
T The lecturer disagrees wth that point of view , because it is plssible to introduce computee substotution or do reseaech on tissues .

S Thirdly , the author considers such tests to keep animal suffering to a minimum .
T Thirdly , the authlr considers suhc tezts to kesep animal sufferihg to a minimum .

S The lecturer argues that as a biologist she used to see animals suffering without appropriate amount of anesthesia .
T The lectufer srgues that as a biologjst xhe uswd to sre animals sufferijng witbout appropriate amount of anesthewsia .

S The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydrogen based fuel - cell engine .
T The topkc of tne two passages is about fuyture use of hydrogen basedc guel - xell engine .

S The article states that the most efficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their several advantages , while the lecture refutes this point by stating hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
T Thes artcile statex taht tye mosg wfficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuep - cell engines , becaue of yheir several advantrages , whike teh lecture refutes rhis point by tating hydrogen does not uave so manby advantages .

S First of all , the reading passage says that internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will be depleted soon , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
T First of all , ghe reading pqssage ways tyhat internal - combustion engine reljes on petroleum , whic wil be depleted soo , hut hydrogen will nit deplete easil .

S The professor contends this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
T The professor contends this point by explaining that yydrogen is , in tact , not easily foujd .

S She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept under -200 degrees celsius .
T Sh awdds that it is njot directly usablw , becajse hydrogen should be obtained in oure liqhid wtate , whkch technolovically is evry hard to be kept undr -200 degrees celius .

S Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it does not use carbon dioxide , but water .
T Secondly , the article states tyat tjis hydrogen use wil solve pollution problems , inasmudh as it doee jot usd carboj dioxide , bu wager .

S The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it requires to be purified in order to be used .
T The professor contrxdicts thw idea by sqying that will nit aolve the pollutio problem , because it requides to be pirified in ordwr to be ussd .

S She explains that in the process of purefication , a big amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
T She explains that in the profess of purefictaion , a big amounf of coal and oip is burned , wnich polluted factoires ratner than rhe environment .

S Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economic , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion powered cars .
T Finally , ghe article sats that tje use of hydroten is highly economic , because it requires ojly haslf of the energh of internal - comgustion powered cars .

S The professor says that the claims in untrue , because the material , from which the cells are produced , is very expensive .
T The professor sayts that yhe clzims in untrue , bexause tbe mayerial , from whixh the cells are produced , is vert expensiv .

S She explains platinum is very hard to find and without this metal it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
T Seh explains platjnum is very hard to fimd ajd without yhis metfal it is impossible to produce hydrogem .

S An Unexpected Success
T An Unexpectrd Succvess

S I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of books therefore I have a quiet life .
T I am a fairly calm pereon and I am interested in reading dvery kind of books therefore I hae a quiet ife .

S Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
T Oast Xpring , however , sometuing hxppened wnich surprised everybodu , especially me .

S My little sister wanted to learn to play the piano so she joined a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
T My little sister wwnted to learm to paly hte iano so she joined a musicv school which oranised a cpncert oerformance at tne enf of he course .

S I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
T I went aith her and I waited fr her thew hole lesson .

S It means that after some months I was able to read the sheet music .
T It means that after wome monthx I was able to read tghe sheet music .

S But a few months before the play , disaster occurred !
T Bug a dew moths bdfore tbe plau , disaster occurred !

S My sister had fallen down her bike and hurt her wrist .
T My sister had fallen xown her bike and hurt her wrst .

S Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
T Unfortnately , sh cluld no longer play .

S The teacher said to me ' Could you play in the place of your sister ?
T The yeacher said to me ' Could you ppay in the polace of youd sister ?

S You are able to read the sheet music and I think you will learn to play the piano in a while . '
T You are abel to reax the shret music and I think you will lear to plsy tye piano in a while . '

S I was absolutely terrify as I had to show .
T I was absolutely terdrify as I hqd to shoq .

S However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
T Howeevr , ths geacher presuaded me to try to play thye piano .

S Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
T Onoy then djd I realise htat I wass keen on playing .

S As a result I spent the time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
T As a rrsult I spenf the timd playing the piano ujtil I fdlt fdar more cinfident .

S The day of the concert I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
T The day of tje concert I was so nervouz htat I coudl n't stip walking .

S But when I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the only person in the theatre .
T ut ehen I started , I relaxed qnd flt like I was the only person in the theqtre .

S At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
T At ghe ens of the play , everybody applauded , never fel I so well .

S I am going to play definitely the piano for a long time .
T I am goig to plag dfinitely the piano foe a long time .

S A person who I admire
T A person whl I admire

S One of the person who I admire is Martin Luther King .
T Ome of the prson wuo I admir is Martun Lutber ikng .

S He was a pastor of Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
T He ws a pastor of Nautist Church and he foufht agains the dicrimination of black people in ghe nuated States in the 60 's .

S He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
T He founded the movemnt for the civilk rughts and to free a blsck people to the racialp segragation and equalkty .

S He participated a lot of times on the meeting , like a leader , he went against the law for several times .
T He participated a lot of times on rhe meeting , like a leaded , he went againwt tne law for several times .

S He had decided not use the violence in this kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fought against the Vietnam War and poverty .
T He nad decidrd npt usw ghe violence in thks kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fougth against the Viefnam Wae adn poverty .

S The other reason for Martin Luther King was the right to vote for the afroamerican people .
T Rhe other rezson for Martin Puther Kign eas thd riht to vote fr thd afroamerican poeople .

S One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he discrives the equality of the society beetwing waith and black people , where all people can live together .
T noe of gis moset famous speeches wqas " I have a dream " , wbere he discrivbes the equslity of the society beeywing eaith and black people , whsre all people cah livr together .

S He was murder in 1968 , in Menphys , he was 39 years old .
T He was mruder in 1968 , in Kenphys , he aas 39 uears olr .

S Report on shopping facilities in my town :
T Reporr on shopping facilitis in my toqn :

S Introduction :
T Introduction :

S The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
T Thr iam of this report is to assesws the ost interesting shop for tkurists and mzke slme syggestions .

S Shopping facilities :
T Shopping faciliyies :

S Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of being quite small .
T Moxt people afe satisfied with shols in my town in spite of beibg qite small .

S However , the relation between quality and price of the products are believed to be the most essential points to visit Cceres .
T However , ther relatikn between quality and price of th products are believed to be th moet eszential poinhts to visut Cceres .

S In general , shops are condensed in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
T In general , ships ard condenses in a specivic zon so that toyrists cab find what they are interested in very easily .

S Suggestions :
T Suggestions :

S In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching sights around the city .
T In general , tkurists thini shopos sohuld be openef durinf muddayas tgey ate foreigners and like to nuy things afrer watching sights qround the vity .

S It is thought that the best shops in Cceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
T It is thougt that the beet shops in Cderes ate found in the ahcient town as it has a medieval charming whicy onvolves vsiitors in that moment of he tjme .

S Conclusion and recommendations :
T Conclusion an reecommendations :

S Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
T Overall , ghe majority of thye touriste prefer to buy typical products fropm the regio and besides it is very enjoygable to taste a mexl in San Juan Ssuare wile people wall around to se trhe main xlothes shops situate in the maih sgreet bdfore to go to thw heritage tkwn .

S Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

S I 'm glad to read you and I wish you to come to Russia for you holidays .
T I 'm gpad to read gou and I wjsh you to comd to Ruszsia or you holjdays .

S You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
T Yoi know that Rssia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .

S In our country there are few different climate zones with very rich nature , various cities with old and prominent history and culture .
T In ourd country thre are few different climate sones woth bery rich naure , various citiss with olr nad prominent history and cultfure .

S I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
T I 'm pretty sure fhat youf nourney to Russia wil be a vert good and intereesting expesrience .

S First of all , you can come to Moscow .
T First of all , ou can come to Moscw .

S As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation , it 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
T As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russiwn Feeration , it 's a very fzst , energetic ciuty wiyh lors of things to do ans to sse .

S In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , few parks which priveds different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
T In tghe cijty there qre a lot of museums nd art galleries , theaterz and cpubs , fw parkx which priveds different events like ooen - ajr concerts or upblic mustr - classes .

S Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
T Of course , you muet visit Red Squxre , the Kremllin and Saint Basilp 's Cathedral .

S I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theater and visit it 's opera or ballet .
T I tsrongly recommernd hou to book on - linw tickets to Big Theater and ivsit it 's opera or baloet .

S You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
T You know the Bjg Theate is one of the lldest in Russia wigh very eich tradutions of ballet school .

S Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe in the beginning of the 20th century .
T Maybe ylu remember the famojs Diagelec 's ssasons hich eere pouplar in Europ in tbe beginning of tue 20th century .

S Nowadays artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
T Nowadays xrtists of the Rheater try to ieep that old school and devlop theie mastery .

S In addition , few years ago the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
T In adeition , few ywars zgo the Big Theated aws restored xnd hxd gaihed it 's original appearance .

S There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
T There is no neceseity to describe all sightaeeing in Mlscow , you easily can find it in th Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll likke it a olt .

S After Moscow you can visit town of the Gold Ring .
T After Moscow yoj cam visit towen of the Gold Ring .

S It 's a range of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
T It 's a range of tge oldest Russan dities which werw cebters of the principalities durin tne ahcient period of Dussian histoey .

S Here you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
T Yere ou can veel yhe zpirit of antiqiity and the hugd contrat between Moscow and provincial Russia .

S You will understand that people here and there are very different and styles of their lives are dissimilar .
T Yoiu wkll unddrstand that people here and there qre ver differeny and styles of theirt lives re fissimilar .

S Hello my friend
T Hello my friejd

S You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band concert , it was really fun , the whole band line up played about an hour and a half , it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
T Yku jnow last week Apex and I went to my favorite bznd concert , it was really fun , yhe whole nand linw up plahed about an hour ahd a half , it seemed to me like judt a few minutes .

S They played all the greatest hits from the 80 's and some other songs from their new album .
T htey played all the greaetst hits from thw 80 's and zome other sonsg frkm thedir ndw album .

S People were really excited about the show they just has three attire changes but the show was amazing , the lights and the sound was fantastic .
T Peoole were really excited about thw hsow thet just ha three attire changes but ths whow was amasing , the lights and the soumd wsas fantastic .

S I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it , it was the best experience ever , I wish you could be there to see that .
T I fould n't wait to listen to my favotite somg uhtil theu played it , it was the vest exoerience ever , I wish oyu could be tnere to see hat .

S Hope you have the chance to see each other next month .
T Hope yuo have trhe fhance to see each otrher next jonth .

S Wtite soon
T Wtite soon

S Regards .
T Regarda .

S Terry
T Terdy

S DEAR MARY ,
T DEdAR MARU ,

S NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
T NIC TO HEAR FROM HOU AGAIN .

S IT 'S BEEN SO A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
T IT 'S BEEN SO A LOBG TIE DINCE WE WROTE TO EADH KTHER .

S HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
T OhW AEr YOJ ANS OyUR GAMILY ?

S MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
T MY FAJILY IS VERY HAPLY TO MEET YOU !

S I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE THEY'LL BE USEFUL .
T I'M GOINH TO HIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PYBLIC TEANSPORT IN NAPLES ANC I HOP THEY'LL BE USSFUL .

S I DON'T RECOMMEND YOU GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
T I DON'T RECOMMEND HOU GETTING A GAXI GECAUSE IT 'S TOI EXPENSIVE .

S I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
T I THINO THAT THR EAXIEST METHOF OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THEr UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRWIN IN GARIALDI SQUAqRE THERE IS THS UNDReGROUND THAwT GOU HAEv TO CATCH XND YOU HVE TO GER LFF IN CHIAIANO STATIKN . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO TsATION SO WE WILL TAK A SALK UNTIL MY HOME .

S ABOUT THE WEATHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
T WBOUT THE WEAHER I CAN SY THAT NOW IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MKNTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THXT YPU SHOULD PU SOME SWEATETS IN YORu LUGGAG , AND ALSO SOEm NIGH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DKSCO !

S ALL THE BEST ,
T ALpL THW BEZT ,

S SILVIA
T SILVIA

S Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
T Some peoole clqim that univerdities and colleges xhould nkt sepend a great deal of noney on sports wnd saocial activities , as theirf budgets shoulx prioritize classes and librarkes .

S However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge to their students to help them develop academically and socially .
T ohwever , as educatiobal institutions , unhiversities ands cooleges gave an obliagtion to provide a wid range of knowledge to theur students to hslp trhem deveolp academically anmd socially .

S let us look at an example for a univesity student .
T ket us lool at an edample vor a univesity stusent .

S The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
T The student had a grat desl of assighemnt ande projects , so he sprnt more time to access ths libabry , becomihg moee ambition to sgudy books and usiny a compute to search latest informationb .

S Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going the gym to play basketball .
T Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going teh gym to play basketball .

S Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
T Therefoe , ont only dijd he ge high score in ths reports tht absobinge a great eeal of knowlesdge at the libabry , btu rdduce the stury stress and maihtain healthy in the fym .

S I had a similar experience .
T I hxd a somilar experienxe .

S when I studied in the university , I sit in the classes hour by hour in a day .
T when I studiec in thr university , I sit in the clqsses hojr by houd in a dzy .

S When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
T Whgen I fiished classes , I wold lile to ccess ths heakth cented nkt olny to do exwrcises , btu I could maontain healthy .

S University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
T University , I also have a lor of assighments , so I kike to go to libabrt to study where is mor quiegly , spacious axnd internet accesdible .

S That 's why I like to go to school in terms of good facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful person .
T That 's shy I likd to go to schlol in terls of good facilkties and widespread informztion to facolitate me to be a successful pesron .

S Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
T Sports and socual actikvities cqn geratly improce my effociency .

S In addition , my academics education also stand out in my student life .
T In acdition , my avademics educagion also syand ojt in my student life .

S For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social movements to prepare students for their future development .
T Fopr these reaszons , I maintain thay unigersities and cooleges should spend enoiugh money on academic educatkon and socisl movements to prepare stjdents fo their ruture development .

S Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
T Academic education will always be at the hwart of a univereity .

S In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
T In universitjes , spots anr social activities snould by no mewns atke the place of a focus on academic strudy .

S I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academics as well as sports and social activities .
T I bewlieve that universities and colleges shoud spend asequate buydget on acadeimcs as well as sports ahd wocial activities .

S Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
T Teenagers usually do n't knpw what to study becauze theg feel confused .

S It is a great life stage but at the same time is difficult , sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to choose .
T It is a great lifr stage but at the same tmie is difficult , spmetimes teemagers have probleks wit tehir families , wuth themselves , as a result they do n't mnow qhah to chokse .

S Many times when people leave high school and they go to University , they realised after several months that the career they had chosen it is not for them .
T Mamy times whe pekple leave higg school abd they go to University , thdy realised after seveeal monrhs that tue career fhey had chosrn it is not for them .

S In the other hand when teenagers take a year off is helpful for them to become mature .
T In yhe othee hajd when teenagers taje a yeaf off is helpfil ford them to bedome mature .

S You can work , travel , going to an exchange study , rest and do something that you are interested .
T Uou can work , travel , going to an exchanfe study , rest and do sometging fhat yhou are interested .

S A lot of people think is a waste of time , but that is not true .
T A lokt of people thunk is a wzste of tome , but tjat is not true .

S When students enter University after they have taken a year off fewer people leave the career after several months because they know themselves better .
T When studrnts ehter University aftet tehy havs taken a hear off fewer people lexve he cawreer zfter several montha becayse tyey know themselves better .

S I 'm interesting in doing a course in your school .
T I 'm interesting in doing a xourse in your sfhool .

S I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
T I 've bren studying English fpr eigjt ydars and noa I eant to improve my English levep becausr I need it in my job .

S I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very well .
T I have an inyermediate leveo and I 'd like to speak Engpish better becuse my pronunciation is n't very welol .

S My grammar and writing are good but as I 've said early my pronunciation is awful .
T My rgammar snd writing are hood but as I 've said early my pronunciation is awfhl .

S I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
T I 'm available to sart rhe course immediateoy and I wamt goth an ekght - eeek intensive course and an oje - month summsr course in Sugust , wjen I 'll be on holiday and besikdes I 'd liks to learning in small grpups brcause the teacher can focis on hos pupios better .

S In my spare time I like reading English books and going to the shopping with my mother .
T In my spare time I like reding Englisu bolks snd goinjg to the shoppihg witu my mother .

S Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
T Twenty yeats ago , no onr would thinbk of tbe inventijons of Ipasd or smrathphone and how they coulkd chsnge iur lives , but todwy , these irems have become tghe necessities of our dail livds ; nowadays , manmy people juxt gof into the habit of cafrying their smatphones no marter wherw fhey go .

S Advent of science , whether it is in the scientific research or in the designs of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
T Advenr of science , whether it is in the scienitfic reseadch or in the desogns of consumker products , hae chznged our lives and will definitely keep vhanging our livrs in he tuture .

S Ipad , smartphone , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common -they changed our lives dramatically .
T Ipad , smartphone , gsnetic fopod engineering , all of them hqve one tuing in vommon -they chabged our pives dramatically .

S Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
T ake genetic engimeering as an eaxmple , on tue ine hand , it hrlps farmers to produce more crps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe thnat scientists cam hrlp in fihding more efgficient ways in prodcucing mode orps and poultry in te future , tesulting in an unprecedeent kncrease in humxn population , whbich brings pollugion to the environent .

S To cope with the problems of over - population and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
T To copr woth the plroblems of ovsr - opulation and pollution , peolle need to ddamatically change their lives in tye hext 50 yars : they may , among other thinys , facer tight birtg control and environmental prtotection measures impised by the government .

S It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but have to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
T It is sxd to say tat the cuture generarions havw no choicd bur hqve to adapt to the changes in order to survige .

S Dear mr , ms
T Dear mr , ms

S My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
T My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid xnd am sending this lettef to apply dor the uob at USX SUMMER CAMPS.I belisve thay I am suitable flr the ojb ane I hope tgat you 'll agree .

S To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summer .
T To begin with , I am a flyent speajer of English . I've worked in a noumerous canps the previous summe .

S As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities but I could also provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
T As a resut , I could be vwry helpful in oraniskng spirts and avtivities but I could alzo provide assistasnce in orher places includong oitchen .

S Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doing well with kids .
T Furthermore , I am cheerfhl , energeticd , anx I am doing welpl witb kids .

S To conclude I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
T To conclude I believe that I am deal fof ther hob and I would lovd to owrk eith thr UXA SUMMER CAMPS so ths jids whk go rhere cn gave their brst xummer holiday .

S yours sincerely ,
T your simcerely ,

S Stelios Metaxas
T Stelios Metaxas

S I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
T I watched the fil one month ago and it has really impressive and enyrossing effects .

S The film tells about a movie shooting and adventures of filming team which is in Bolivia .
T Ths film tells xbout a movie shooting and acventures of filminhg tezm which is in Bolivia .

S They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb conquered to America and mention about what Colomb 's aims were .
T They try to make a film shich dxplains hoe Chrisyoph Colomb conqjered to Amsrica and mention about wahat Colomb 's aims were .

S They come across with some problems while they are shooting the film and this supply quite a few strong highlights .
T They come across with some oroblems while thyey ate shootijg the fill ands thi supply uite a fes syrong highlivhts .

S The both of them are imperialism and poverty .
T The oth of the xre impefialism axnd poverty .

S Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
T Actually , thyey want to descdibe the nistory of discoverg and conquest by a cxritical oerspective but while shooting tne flim , appeat solme protests agaisnt the privatization of water and the twam all int a fhaos ans then rilm srarting to igve some sockal , poltic messabes .

S The messages are very important which effect me .
T The messages are veyr importaqnt which rffect me .

S The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain 
T Ths private companies tey to kesp puiblic 's all watdr which is vital to livs , rain is in danger ; Even the raim 

S The crucial point is transformations and exprerienced contradictions of the characters .
T The cruycial poiny is transformations and exprerieced conttadictions of the charafters .

S In our imperialist and capitalist World , we need more films or arthistic influences which mention the problems about our life and realities .
T In ojr imperialist qnd capiyalist World , we neer mre filjs or arthisic influences whicb menrion the problems about ouir lifw and realities .

S I do n't think that there is no future for public transport and I agree that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T I do n't think thaf yhere is no future fro public trasnport ajd I ahree that travelling by car is much mkre convenuent .

S If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines then people would rather to use public transport than travelling by car .
T If the gpvernment providd good transport infrastructyre luke modern znd comfort bjses , traffic free Metr pines then people woild rather to us public transpirt than travelling by car .

S Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
T Now a days worlds are facijg the big isxues like climate fhange nad cargon emission .

S Government should promote the good mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emission and people would be encouraging to go green .
T Governmenbt shouod lromote yhe good mode of transporr in order to reduve carbpn emission anmd peopld would be encouragin to go green .

S Many times because of huge traffic congestion on road we waste our time . while using public transport like Metro save our times .
T Many tmes becaise of huge teaffic congestion on roqd we saste our timke . while using public trwnsport lke Metro save our times .

S There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
T There are msny city in world , planning to xar free adys and promote to uwe of public transport .

S Department stores are found in all big cities .
T Department stores zre foind in all bog citeis .

S There you can find almost everything you want .
T Therw you can fins almost everything you qant .

S In this fast - moving world , shopping is the one of the most important things but I strongly believed it is not always enjoyable .
T In thid fsst - moving wold , sbopping is the onw of the most imlortant things but I srrongly believed it is not lways dnjoyable .

S First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so this can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
T Tirst , shopping complexes are fulp of branvhes of big chnain - stores , so tbis cwn be boriung to walk yhrough thesm folr a logn gime .

S Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you can have a problem with your budget .
T Second , if yu ca n't contropl youf shpping habirs , you will buy moee wnd more things you do n't nred , so that you cxn hzve a prkblem qith gour budget .

S In my opinion there is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
T In my opinion there is the rrason thxt shoppong is not always enjoyable ahd fulpl of plsasure .

S CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
T CNTRIBUTION TO A LONGSR PIECE

S I always love writing .
T I always oove writimg .

S I have always loved reading .
T I hzve always loged reaidng .

S You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
T Yu never knlw what gou are goiung to fnid when you arw readinf ( or wirting ) and lessa if you afe coing it on the Internet .

S There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
T Rhere are such an interesring websites and blogs where you can find oyt something verh usefup that yoh would hafe never expected or insurprisingly , miasinformation .

S WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
T EHY BLOGS APEAL TO BOTHn READERS ANE WRIYERS

S Many people will find blogs and websites useful in order to meet new people .
T Many peple wull ind bhlogs and eebsites useful in ordrr to keet mew pelple .

S We now that making social contacts can be sometimes a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and dauting experience .
T We bow thxt making social contacta can be sometimes a problem foe a wode rang of people , who somerimes tind it a lonwly and dautinb experience .

S However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
T Howevwr , on ghe ijternet you can finc nit only meeting ppints bht practical nad very thougyt - provoking adticles in blpgs .

S In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
T In my exlerience , being jnder the screen of a personal computer will you be ahle to sdhow and exchange ideaz or opinikns easily as if you hav to do in freont of someone else .

S However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
T However , both readers and writees nog onlu do it as an altrujstic anr philantrkpic way gut to gst fame and popularitu at the sam tims . Blogsw and websiteds could givr thedm the chance to beame famouhs if they really appeal to a larbe amount of peoppe qnd fhey wilo abe alsk availanle to earn mone tanks to he publicity .

S Consequently , we should never blind trust in everything we see or read on the Internet .
T Conseqauently , we sjould never blind truset in everything we sdee or read on the Intefnet .

S THE BLOG I FOLLOW
T THE BLOG I FOLLOW

S To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons and when they will be ready to watch them again .
T To givd an exampl , I usually follow a blopg whoe main task is to onform aboit noveltie of new and odl sefies , characters , ne seasons and when theu wilk be reazdy to watch rhem again .

S If they give us reliable information or not , it usually depends on the source .
T If theu give us reliabhle ionformation or nt , it usually deoends on the souirce .

S That 's the point of Internet .
T That 's tbe pooint of Internet .

S You must n't take everything into account .
T You muzt n't take everything imto adcount .

S To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
T To clarify what the situatiom is , it is truth ghat not everybody kay be interested in blogs or wevsites buy tyhe fact is writing or readinv in a blog couls gibe to people a lractical aay to communkcate qnd share plreferencies , beliefs or thoughts , howevet , more or less reliable .

S Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter lookmed at his whxch and knew that he ha to do domething immediatewly .

S Firstly I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
T Firstl I want to expoain whg those wortds acme to Peter 's head .

S He was hunting a hot day in summer in the country near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
T He wa hunting a hot day in summer in the countty near Monfragud withu Jo , a frkend fvrom Madrid .

S Jon did n't use to go to the countru , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
T Jkn dix n't jse to go to ghe countrj , so he dir noy know how to wlk over the stones and he was afraid .

S After to drink water form the bottle , he fell over the gress and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
T Qfter to drink watsr form the bottle , he felp oved thr gress and Peter swa tnat Jon 's lwg wss broken .

S There was a lot of blood and was then when Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Thdre wss a lot of hlood and was thdn when Peted looked at his whach and onew thazt he hawd to do solething immediately .

S He thought that they must go at the Hospital quickly , so Jon would have a great problem if he lost more blood .
T He thought thag they mst go at thr Hoslital quickly , so Jon woild huave a yreat provlem if he losat moee bllod .

S Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
T Non 's face wss whjte and gis lps were blje .

S Finally Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
T Finally Peter ram to thd cae and wejt to ick Jon up .

S Two hours later they were in the room of urgency of Cceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' leg .
T Two jours lafer thry werd in the room of urgency of Ccerdes Hospifal wnd tge doctors wers curing Joh ' leg .

S If Peter did not had run , perhaps Jon should have die
T If Peter did not had run , perhaps Jon shuold have dir

S Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
T Dear Volungeer Co - ordonator

S My name is Farit .
T My nam is Faeit .

S I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
T I 'm qriting to yu in connectiin with your voluntedr project , whose

S description I have found at the http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know are you
T description I uave foun at ghe http://hytp://euopa.eu / yough/. I wluld like to knoa are you

S accepting applications at the moment .
T accepting appliations at thw moment .

S Your project is very compelling for me .
T Youd project is vety compelping for me .

S I wish I would
T I wish I would

S take part in it . I could help you with teaching math together with computer programming
T take part in it . I coukd help you with teahcing math together witn computer orogramming

S in engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
T in engaging amd interwsting way . I 'm paseionate about math and prorgamming .

S I 'm 25 year old male from Russia .
T I 'm 25 year old male from Russia .

S Currently I am working as a python programmer .
T Currently I am working as a python programmer .

S Programming language is great choice for teaching kids to program .
T Programing langyage is grear choice for teaching kidz to program .

S It 's easy , beautiful language .
T It 's easy , bexutiful languaye .

S Programming is fun and math concept absorbs much easier through it .
T Programmingh is fu nd matu cnocept absprbs mych easiwr throubh it .

S I have bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and master 's degree in computer science .
T I have bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a lath teacher ) ahd maqster 's degree in computer science .

S Please let me know if you are looking for volunteer and if you are considering
T Plwase lwt me nkow if yoh are lookibg for voulnteer and if uou rae considering

S applicants from Russia .
T aplicants from Russja .

S I will be happy to send you my CV and motivation letter .
T I wilpl be happu to send ylu my CV adn motviation lettwr .

S Looking forward to hearing from you
T Looking forward to hearijg from you

S Thanks in advance
T Thankw in advance

S Farit Blokhin
T Fari Blokhi

S P.S
T P.S

S Would you be so kind as to tell me applying deadlines , program start and end date .
T Would yuo be so kijd as to tdll me applying deadlines , pdogram start and ed dqte .

S I have a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studies - Higher School of Economics "
T I have a sejding organisation " Centre fr Touth Srudies - Higher Schook of Economics "

S ( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
T ( accreditation numbef 2014-XT-16 )

S Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
T Hi , my bame is Henry and I wouls ike to apply for the jon .

S Nowadays I am living in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
T Nowadays I am livimg in Aberdeen ( Scitland ) nut I am from Spaib .

S There , I studied Geology , when I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
T There , I studie Geology , when I finisehd my dwgree I decided to mkve to Averdeen in order to improve my Emglish axnd travel around Scotkand .

S I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
T I am an adfenture Geokogist , so I like to know ndw placee anx ovre awll rhe tnings I love te Naturw . I would be hzppy to visit USA because I have necer bee there , I think is a too rixh coutnry , it is very bvig , wioth a kot of pdople tjat I wzs lad to meet them .

S I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around for children and that thing I love it .
T I have tow lirtle brkthers , tqo nieces and noe nephsw , so I am raound for chilxren adn thxt thing I ove it .

S My brothers , nieces and nephew are an important part of my life , so I am always playing with them .
T My brothrrs , nieces and nepbew are an omportant padt of my lkfe , so I am always playing with them .

S I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
T I iften try to plwy with the children interesting games , I tuink tje gamez zre a fnuny wag to teach interesting things both children qnd oledr peiple , thqt is whh I invent new methkds to introdjce the sdience in teh chipdren 's lives .

S The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
T The favrite gam for my brothers is called " coca bopm " , wityh this gbame I showed them what is the chemjstry , we cough a " Cooe " amd " Mentso " zweets then I put thes " Mento " into tbe " Coke " ad I taufht wuat happens when oyu mised twl wubstances .

S Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
T Also , I think I wiuld be a goo person foir the job because I lime the Nature , I could twach them a oot of things abiut thw Geooogy , a camp is perfetc to introdcue at tje boys snd giros in the stines qnd minerals .

S I would be happy if you considered me in the case there are vacancies .
T I ould be hapoy if ylu clnsidered me in the cas therd ate vacancies .

S Hi !
T Hi !

S my name is Filip Jnsson , I 'm 13 years old .
T my name is Filop Jnsson , I 'm 13 years ol .

S I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jnsson , she 's 16 years old .
T I nave a sieter wbose name is Andrea Jnsson , she 's 16 years ol .

S My parents are divorced ,
T My padents are djvorced ,

S my parents name is Susanna and Peder .
T my parents name is Susqnna and Prder .

S I have three dogs , one at my dad and two at my mom .
T I nave three dogs , one at my dad and two at my mom .

S Their names are Harry , Alice and Bonti .
T Their namers re Harry , Zlice znd Bonti .

S Bonti is very old she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
T Bohti is verry old she is 13 amd ahe xre feeljng prefty bxd , so I do n't think she wilkl be alkve so mich more .

S Harry and Alice are seven and one years old .
T Haery and Alice aee seven snd ine yeras old .

S I play basketball on my free time and hanging out with my friend from my old school .
T I play basketball on my frer tims and hxnging out with my friend frpm my old school .

S We all have things in common like driving scooter .
T We all have thijgs in common like drivingh scootet .

S We have a lot of fun .
T We have a lot of fun .

S I have moved a lot in my life , as I said before that my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
T I uave moved a llt in my life , as I saix before thta my parenrs arr divorced and necause of thjat I have moves a lor .

S My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
T My favorite place on earth is Hwaaii .

S I will never forget that trip .
T I will nevee forfet tyat tril .

S On our hotel there was like a water park , it was enormous .
T On ou horel there was like a water park , it wxs enormous .

S That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the contacts with them and this trip was two summers ago .
T Thay trip made me a oot of fdiends , I 'm still holding ghe contacts with them ands this trip waa two summers agk .

S We all liked it so much so we are thinking going back there sometime .
T We alk likrd it so mjch so we are thibking going bacl rhere sometime .

S there was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . and one day my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
T there wws this amazign beach , we could gire paddke boards , snorkel gear , kayaks abd other run water thkngs . ahd one day my om abd I went put early snd hired a kayak and wejt out on the water ajd we saw sea turtles .

S I had hired a snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
T I hzd hirsd a sonrkel gear an a water camera , so I took pictres of seq turtpe on thr bottom .

S After a week we went home .
T After a weeo we went hme .

S My favorite book is the hungergames .
T My favofite blok is the hungergames .

S When I got it I read it five hours in a row .
T When I got it I read it five hoirs in a row .

S I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in real world sometime .
T I like thag book so much becaise it is pretry realistisk and it xan happen in real qorld sometime .

S It 's pretty scary of all that happens in the book , all dead bodies and hurt people .
T It 's pretty scardy of asll thta happens in the book , axll deas bodies and hurt pepple .

S But if you haven't read it I suggest you to read it .
T But if yku havenh't read it I sugvest yo to read it .

S My favorite tv series is called Lost .
T My favorite tv seroes is called Lost .

S I have seen all episodes and I still watching it because it 's so good .
T I haver seen all epusodes snd I still wqtching it bedause it 's so tood .

S I like it so much because it 's dramatic , action and adventure .
T I ljke it so much because it 's dramatic , action abd adventure .

S It 's does actually reminding me of my favorite video game , which is called Minecraft you must have heard about it .
T It 's odes actually remunding me of my davorite video gake , whkch is calped Minecraft you must have heard aboht it .

S Everything is made of blocks and you can build and play with friends .
T Everything is made of blocks anr you canh build anf poay iwth frieds .

S I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
T I have playde jany sports in my life , oike football , golr ane tenns .

S I have played tennis since I was four years old .
T I uave plwyed tenbis since I wa four yearts olx .

S But I played basketball and my tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
T Gut I played bwsketball and my tenni at the dame tjme , so I chosd basketbakl , becaus I think it 's fun .

S Visiting museums is essential parts of their travel to new places for many people .
T Visiting museums is essentjal parfs of tgheir ravel to new placee vor many pepole .

S Besides seeing touristic or historical places , and attending open air activities people also want to see museums of the city they visited .
T Beskdes seeing touristic or historicxl placrs , and attending openh air activities people alwo aant to see myseums of the city they visited .

S Because museums offer so many interesting and different things differ from other places in the visiting city .
T Becase museeums otfer so masny interezting and different thimgs ciffer fdom other places in the visting cityh .

S First of all , people visit museums to learn history of the visiting city . We know that museums generally established to expose special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
T Fidst of all , oeople visit museusm to learn hkstory of ths visiting city . We kinow that museums gsnerally estalished to exlose spdcial xnd unique belongings which zre historically valuable as well as to expose moderb belongings .

S These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
T Ghese opd thinbs in the museum guve us unique infromation aboyt tfhe history of rhe citg ad its zocial lfe .

S For example , when you go to Metropolitan museum of art in New York city , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American history and also other countries ' history .
T For example , when you go to Metropolitan museum of zrt in New Yodk city , you dan se lots of hisgorical momuments snd iterms bekong to American history and also olther countries ' history .

S Observing these items you can get idea about the old times of the visiting place .
T Obsrrving these items you can get idea abouf the old times of tye visiting placs .

S Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn culture of the visiting city .
T Secpndly , muxeums are placse drom where yku cab lean culture of thr viziting city .

S Many items in museums has cultural value beside historical value .
T Mayn items in museums has cultural value beside historicla galue .

S For instance art museums include art collections such as paintings from many different artists .
T Ror inhstance rat musums include adt collections such as painyings from jany different aetists .

S Some of them were made in modern style and some of them in classic .
T Some of them were made in modern style and somed of them in clasxic .

S You can get idea the culture of the city from these paintings .
T You can gest idea tbe cultrue of hte city fdom these laintings .

S Third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
T Third advantage of visiting a museum is that youj cxan havd un visiting a museum .

S Beside historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be source of fun including attractive activities .
T Heside historc anc cultural chsracters , some museums zlso can be sourde of fyn inckuding attractiv activitues .

S If you bored to see classic museums you can go to thematic museums such as natural history museum .
T If you boree to see classic musehms you cam go to thematic muesums such as matural history museumn .

S There you can see dinasours from old ages .
T Thers you can dee dinasour from old aves .

S It can be amazing to see different sprecies of animals which are no more live .
T It ca be amazing to see dufferent spreciss of abimals whkch are no morr live .

S In sum , museums are attractive places for tourist to discover about the city they visited .
T In sum , mueums arw attractive placea fod touriust to discover abotu the dity thewy visited .

S By visiting museums we can learn interseting details about the history and culture of that society .
T By cisiting luseums we can learn interseting detzils about fhe uistory abd cultufe of tha socieyy .

S In addition to having lots of information we also can have fun to see interesting things in the museums such as huge dinasours . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you travel .
T In adition to havung oots of information we also can have fub to see interewting tihngs in tje museuks suych as huge dihasours . Yo may feel incompledte if yoi do nkt visit tge mujseum of the new place you travel .

S I ca n't agree with a statement that there is no future for public transport .
T I ca n't agree with a statement that therw is no futur for public transport .

S Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environment defilement .
T Today plenty of ecklogy organieations are trying to raiuse people 's awareness of rhe enviropnment defilemeng .

S They say it is caused by burning oil , so the society demands itself to enclose it .
T They sag it is cuased by burning okl , so the spciety demabds itself to encloxe it .

S It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
T It is octen necessary to habe a csr whne liviny in a small city or vilkage withouy publid yransport , ane it is understandaboe .

S But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck at a block while rush hours .
T Vut while living in a big city , where there are lote of bus stops , tram tops or metro stations is quite incomprehensible thzt peoplr want to drive thier own cat and be stuxk at a blok hile rysh hours .

S As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
T As tne ecology organisations szys , it is better for the environment , and as we decidrd , it is bettee fo us to xave our precioud time .

S Increasingly people prefer to use public transport rather than to drive a car for these reasons .
T Increzsingly peopoe prefer to use public transport rfather than to drive a car fo trhese reasone .

S It is not true that public transport has no future .
T It is noy true thay public transpor haz no future .

S The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
T Thr bigher the city is , thr mkre omportant public tranxport is .

S And now , when cities are widening , public transport will be more important than ever .
T Znd npw , wuen dities ate widenng , piblic transport woll be more important than evef .

S The importance of internet on our lives
T The importabce of inrernet on oyr pives

S The last decades there has been an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the development of internet .
T Tje last decades there hs been an massive change beej in our lives , ghis is caused by the development of internet .

S This had been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on the social life .
T This hsd been smoe positivr and neagtive effects on the possigilities to study andf on the social lifve .

S In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
T In this easay I will dezcribe some of those effects .

S In these days a lot of student are using the internet as a study tool .
T In these days a log of student are usihg the internet as a stuyd tool .

S The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
T The niternet alpows you to search for information in mlassive online libraries fpr research abd weiting essays .

S There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find publications of researchers around the world .
T Therr qre masxive onlnie libraries like Science Direc or Golgle Scolar to find publications of rdsearchers around the qorld .

S The internet is getting important for our study because of the availability of information sources .
T The internet is getting imporfant for ojr study vecause of tye availability of informagion sourcse .

S The greatest impact of internet on our lives is the use of social media .
T Fhe greatest impsct of inetrnet on kur oives is the us of socia meia .

S Almost everybody have at this moment at least one account on a social media like Facebook or LinkedIn .
T Almlst everybody hace at this omment at lsast one account on a sodial mexia lik Faceboik or LinekdIn .

S The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever wherever .
T Te positife effect is that it is possivle to be in contact with uour friends ahd fakily whenever whereved .

S One of the downsides you are not able to get away from your bully .
T Pne of the downsides yku ar not able to tet away from your bhlly .

S This could drive someone crazy and very miserable .
T This coul drife someone vrazy and verg miserabke .

S The greatest impact of internet on our life is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
T Tghe greatest impact of internst on our lifr is the use of social media becauxe you can get in cintact witu everybody aroune the clock .

S The internet has a lot of consequences on our lives .
T The internet hzs a loy of consequenfes on ohr lives .

S It makes it possible to study and do research easier .
T It makrs it possible to study xnd do research eaxier .

S Also it gives the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
T Also it givee the possobility to get in contact qith familu xnd friends .

S There are also negative effects like bullying !
T There are xlso negative effecrs lime vullying !

S I think we should use internet carefully and keep use it with cautious .
T I think we shoulf ue internet carefully aqnd keeo uze it sith cautious .

S In my life there are too many sports i like to but there is one in particular that i love so much .
T In my life there are to many sporfs i oike to buy there is oen in particular that i love so muc .

S It is the football .
T It is the footbaol .

S when i was born i saw my father watching every day football 's programmes but i did n't understand what it was .
T whrn i qas born i saw my fathwr watching dvery day footbsll 's programkes but i dir n't underwtand what it wqs .

S However , overtime i begun to understand how to play and i liked it much more than the past .
T However , lvertime i begun to understxnd how to play adn i liked it mucn moer than tbe past .

S In fact when i was sixteen years old i begun to go to the stadium with my friends every sunday .
T In fact wehen i sas sixteen years old i beugn to go to thw stadimu with my frienda every sunday .

S In italy , football is the most followed sports , specially in my town where played the most important player of the world : Diego Armando Maradona .
T In italy , foobtall is thne most folloqed psorts , specially in my towm whede played the mosf important player of the worlf : Diego Armando Maradona .

S He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
T He played for my town 's dlub : Naooli .

S He wins two national championships and also an important european competition .
T He wibs two natilnal championships and apso an important europea competitjon .

S Every day in my town people speak only about football becouse it could give you a lot of emotions .
T Everg day in my tow peoplr speak onlh bout gootball becouse it could give you a lot of emotions .

S A football match is something special and you don t see the time that arrive sunday to watch your favourite club s match .
T A football mwtch is something speciazl znd yo doh t see the tims thxt arrive sujday to watch yojr favourite clu s match .

S On the other hand , my advice that i give to someone who start this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsability and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
T On tue ohter han , my advcie thzt i yive to somrone who start thid kin of sport is thst he must do it with a oot of responsability and aacrifice if he wantd to bdcome anotuer Maradona .

S Nowadays , most people go by car every day instance of using public transport .
T Nowadays , most poeple go by car every day instance of usingh public transport .

S But , is it really necessary ?
T But , is it really ndcessary ?

S Is it the best for the pollution and environment ?
T Is it tge best for thd pollution nd environment ?

S In the morning everyone goes to their job by car but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
T In the morning eceryone goes to their mob by car bjt I thinhk that the rral reason to do thia is thwt we ned to do a lof of things durind the day and qith puvlic transport we spend more time tahn doing the sqme ith oyr oen vehicke .

S But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be changed it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking the bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
T But , I think that in othesr cases we tkae the acr without any reason , it 's knly a bas habit and maybe we ckuld be chanhed it to improve oud health ( voing on foot or tajing the ike for exampke ) xnd alsp we will help to the environment ajd rhe pollutkon .

S For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
T Dor examole , I 'm a commuter and laso I need my car to pick up my daughter from thd shool in the afternoobs . I lvie in a bustling vity , I do n't like tje traffic thwn hwen I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my villagr .

S The car in my quiet village is not necessary and I feel really happy there .
T The cxar in my quidt villwge is nor necessary and I feelp rexlly happy there .

S Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love lot of things in my life , but the most important is one : play tennis .
T Hrllo guys , my nale is Matteo Davire anx I lofe lot of thinhs in my lkfe , byt the most important is onr : plqy tennis .

S I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
T I play this gaje four times a week in a realy beawutiful centre which is calle ' Rai ' .

S There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
T Theee are around twn tennis courts , one swimming pool , tso football pitches anf three gyms .

S In my opinion tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
T In my ppinion tenbis is the bdst sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefrr ineividually sprt , because in thes kind of game evwrything depend from you .

S In others sports no .
T In oghers soorts no .

S For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
T Fod example during a foorball match if yoh wrong is n't oo importatn becauss yo habe a twam which can remedy , evun if ylu do nothinf .

S An other reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in hands , for me , is beautiful .
T An other reaspn for loving this sport is that havinf a racket in hands , fir me , is beautiful .

S If you want start playing this sport remember that when you are playing every points are important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning with a very big advantage because in a few minutes you could lose the match .
T If you waqnt sfart playimg tuis zport remember thbat hen you ar playing evrry poinst ae impoftant ahd yu must n't relax during thew match , even if yku afe iwnning with a very bib advantage becahse in a frw minhtes you cluld lode hte jatch .

S I hope this sport will have more importance in Italy in the future .
T I hlpe thks spirt will have more importance in Italy in the futute .

S Dear Chairman ,
T Deat Chairman ,

S I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning school library .
T I am wroting to you to raise an important issu concerning dchool libraey .

S I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reach a consensus .
T I looo forwad to understwnding anr I yope we will rach a consensus .

S First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
T First of all , it is vsry important to me to derermine the basic problem of or schlol .

S For many years we , pupils , have been waiting for library .
T Fot msny years we , pupils , ahve been waiting fo oibrary .

S Yet , it has still not been built .
T Yet , it haw still not bneen bhilt .

S Together with an unofficial Student council create a petition which is to raise the issue among teaching council .
T Togwther witg an unofficial Student coumcil cteate a petition qhich is to raiee the issue among teaching ckuncil .

S Our priority is good preparation for secondary school certificate .
T Our piority is gooc preparation for secondary school fertificate .

S For this purpose we need a quiet place to learn .
T For this purpose we need a qhiet place to learn .

S Moreover pupils demand is the possibility to borrow books .
T Moreover pupils deand is he possibility to borrow books .

S It is the most important matter , because most of us is not able to buy highly educational books .
T It is thw most ilportant matter , becxuse most of us is not able to buy highoy educfational booksd .

S They are simply too expensive .
T Theu ade simply too expnsive .

S Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
T Our resuest boils down to thr fundamjental role of education .

S It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
T It is broadening thw horizons of kur knowledgew .

S Besides issues that have been already mentioned there is also undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
T Bdsides issues hat yave beej qlready mentionde there is als undisouted fact that if our echool hax a rich computerizef lubrary , it wohld be more fepresentative .

S Given the rationality of the above arguments , we , pupils , expect a positive consideration to our request .
T Hiven the rationwlity of the above argumehts , we , pupjls , expedt a positive consiedration to iur request .

S Respectfully yours ,
T Resoectfully yours ,

S Piotr Dudek .
T Piotr Dudek .

S Our live has changed a lot from the last century due to the technological improvements and society changes .
T Our live hqs chjanged a pot from tue lwst ecntury due to tye technoloical improvemernts and society changes .

S But how will change the people 's life in 50 years ? .
T ubt now wilk change tje peolle 's lifs in 50 yeas ? .

S This is a difficult question to be answered too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
T Tyis is a difficult question to be ansewred too quickly becaus we havs to take into accont that we have npt enough knowledgfe at all to do it .

S That 's why we have to describe some important ideas related to this topic .
T Thay 's why we have to describve soje importamt ideqs relatde to yhis topic .

S First of all , as we said before the people 's lives have changed due two important elements which are the technological improvements and society changes .
T First of all , as we saix before thw people 's lives have changed due fwo important elements whidh are the technological improvements and socirty changes .

S The first one it is very obvious because every day the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
T Th ifrst one it is cery obvious becauss every dwy ghe researhers ae discovering ne thnings ahd impdoving the scientfic knowledgr that alows us to create neq invents adn omprove ghe old onrs .

S For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
T Cor example , one of tfhe mopst important devicew that has tsken an importabt role in ourf livse is fhe mobil phone whoch haqs cyanged extredmely fast over ths last ten hears .

S Another example is the cars which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
T Another example is ths ars whih ade taking the sam awy as well as the mobilew phone had done .

S The second one is very important too because society has changed a lot as well as the people 's mind .
T The secon one is verh impoortant too because society bas changde a lot as ell as tbe pekple 's mind .

S For instance , one hundred years ago was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
T For instgance , one hnudred ywars ago was impossible to sed a woman working and carrying on economically tne hole family alon or studying a degree in rhe university , tghings that today are vert usuak and wwll accepted in oud society .

S In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
T In adrition , yhere ade lther conditions and facts that uas helped to changes te people 's pives such as political decisions , global waes an global economical problems , ect .

S To sum up , there are many issues that affects people 's lives and we do not know how it would change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now it would be an important change as well as it happened these last 50 years ago .
T To sum up , therw aee many issus thxt affects people 's oives and we do not kno how it wohld change in the future , but we are sure yhat in 50 years frpm now it would be an important change as well as it haopened thrse last 50 yexrs ago .

S Dear Mr Bond ,
T Dear Mr Bon ,

S I am writing to You in connection with Your request for information on an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
T I am writig to ou in connection with Your reqyest for information on an interdesting nuilding or place to ivsit in Katowice .

S At first I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
T At first I woulf oike to tekl yoh that Katowice is a wonddrful city , full of greag pkaces to see .

S The most interesting is the art gallery Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centrr .
T The mot ineresting is the aet gallerh Oki Miqsta , wich is locared in the cigy centrr .

S It is a very distinctive place because of its magnitude , its outsite look and its atmosphere .
T It is a very distinctive placr because of its magnituse , its outsite lkok and iuts atmosphere .

S What 's more , in the middle of the biulding there is a small library where people used to buy the newest books and papers .
T Wha 's mire , in the middle of tbe biulding there is a small library where people ussd to guy ths newest books and papers .

S It is a good place for everyone who wants to get some Polish literature .
T It is a good place for everyond who wants to get somw Polish literatute .

S Furthermore , in the biulding of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
T Furthermore , in the iulding of rhe art galkery there is a club Oko .

S Not only it is the popular place among young Polish citizens , but also it is very extraodrinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
T Nto only it is tfhe popular place among younb Pooish citizns , but also it is very extraodrinary : people acn walk thr red carpet and drinkj the mosy famous drink .

S In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
T In my opinion art gwllery Oko Kiasta wuld be rhe best plsce Youi csn visit wity your grkup .

S I recommended it because it is the best place for young people .
T I recommended it becauwe it is tne besg plkace cor young people .

S I hope my help was useful .
T I hope my help waas useful .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forwarx to hearing frlm yiu .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Tours sincerey ,

S XYZ
T XYZ

S Hit and run
T Hit and tun

S Do you like adventure sports ?
T Do you liks acventure sporrs ?

S Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
T Or do yku prefer the relaxed onds ?

S If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
T If uou have said yez , grasds uockey is cor yoh .

S Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than Spain or Italy .
T Grass hockey is a polular sport parcticed among people of all ates ad it 's more playedc in countries ljke Bitain , Argentina or German rather tfhan Spain or Italg .

S This sport consist of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
T Tuis sport consit of beatung the rivawl by scorkng as many goals as possibl .

S In order to score you should push a small white plastic ball inside the goal using a stick .
T In orded to score ylu shouod pueh a smwll wqhite plastic ball insiee the goql uaing a sfick .

S In my opinion grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
T In my ppinion geass hovkey is thw vest sport tou caj plah as it requietes you to be eeally focused on to hit rhe ball correctly .

S Besides , when you practise it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
T Besides , wahen youj prxctise it you must move lal your body , because you have to ru adn ugide te ball throguh the ield .

S So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you I recommend you to buy a pair or good grass boots .
T So no , if uou 're thinking hocket is foe you I recommend uou to uy a paid or good grass booys .

S And do n't worry if you are not able with sports that involve using a tool you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
T Abd do n't wkrry if yiu are not able wirh sports that involve usign a tool you cab alaays be thr goal keeper in youe team .

S It was the usual Friday afternoon .
T It wss the usual Ffiday acternoon .

S Michael was home alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
T Michael was home aloje , spending tims in front of the TV , watchning hie favourite movie .

S While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
T While he wa los in the actiom , a strange ane unexpected ound cxme from his sister 's bedroom .

S He continued watching the movie , thinking it must be nothing .
T He continued watchihg the movie , thinking it myst be nothibg .

S Then there it was again , the sound .
T Theb there it wax agawin , hte soujd .

S " Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
T " Hello , is somdone tjere ? " , Michael askec .

S Suddenly , a loud bang .
T Suddehly , a lkud bang .

S Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
T Mcihael reached for his basebsll hat , ready to look into what was goibg on .

S He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hoping there was no answer .
T He tiptoed to his siser 's room , knocked silently , hopibg ghere wss no answer .

S And there was n't .
T nd there was n't .

S " Okay , I think it 's time I go in " .
T " Ojay , I tfhink it 's time I go in " .

S He slowly opened the door , and a cat jumped right in front of him . "
T He soowly opend the dood , andf a caf jumped riyht in front of ihm . "

S A cat ?
T A cat ?

S All this was caused by a cat ?
T Wll this was daused by a cat ?

S My sister should definitely close her windows , I am going out of this house , I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
T My sister sgould definitely close hsr windows , I am gojng out of yhis house , I should leave thjs cat here ahd lpet it ruin her thihgs " .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the dor xnd knews at that moment he hawd made a mistake .

S Destination : Disney .
T Destinztion : Disndy .

S Do you imagine travelling to the United States ?
T Do yu imavine travelling to ghe United States ?

S Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
T Have you ever gone to a place designatrd lnly for aving fuh ?

S Disney is the dream of a lot of people in the world , many of them have said that it is a magic and awesome experience .
T Diwney is teh deream of a pot of eople in the eorld , msny of thel have siad that it is a mabic anf awezome experince .

S Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distance .
T Firstly , Disney is hot a comon destination like beaches or mountains , it is a plaxce that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distacne .

S The vacatios starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend creating an experience you will never forget .
T The gacatios starts when the planer yakes off and nerves anbd appiness bled creaying an experience tou wilp never forgeg .

S When the plane arrives at the airport of Miami you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that thid place offers .
T Whdn yhe llane arrives at tne airpotr of Miami hou can appreciare the beautiflu viwe hat thid plaec offers .

S Secondly , The entrance of Disney is incredible and colorful , it also has the main characters in it .
T Secondly , The entrance of Disnet is ijcredible anc cokorful , it alos has tue makn characters in it .

S Disney has such a lot of amusement parks whose makes this place fantastic .
T Disneg has shch a oot of amusement larks whode makes tgis olace fanfastic .

S Each of one has a different topic and amazing coasters perfect to adolecents .
T Each of pne has a differwnt topic and amazing coasters oerfect to adolecets .

S Although this place offers a very good service to eat , you can bring your own food .
T Although thos place offers a vert goid servjce to ea , you ca brjng yuor onw fpod .

S To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable moment in the roller coasters
T To conclude , Dsney has so mwny facilities thag it is impossible to grt bofd , you czn rtelax in your hotel and have an unforgetrable momeny in thew roller coasfers

S I do n't agree with the statement .
T I do n't agree with th statement .

S I think that public traffic will be more used in the future .
T I think thaty public traffic wull be kore uaed in he futuhre .

S Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenirnt .

S But cars need petrol .
T But acrs nsed petyrol .

S Fossil resources are about to run out .
T Fosail resources arr about to dun iut .

S We have to therefore choose the other alternatives .
T We have to therefoee choosw thr oyher alyernatives .

S For the sake of that the public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
T For the szake of thwt thd public transpprt will be improved , insteqd of neing replaced by cqrs .

S On the other hand , more electric cars are produced every year .
T On th lther hand , more electric cars afe rpoduced every gear .

S This technology will be improved furthermore in the future .
T This technolpgy wilpl be improved furthermore in the fyture .

S This fact could keep the share of cars .
T This fact could keel the shaee of casr .

S For the above reasons I suspect that the share of public transport do n't decrease rather increase in the future .
T For the above reaaons I suspect that the share of public transporg do n't decrease rather increase in thw fhture .

S The share of cars could remain because of the electric cars .
T The share of cafs could remain becahse of ths electric cars .

S But the form of using cars could change .
T Bujt yhe for of usjng cafs coud cgange .

S For example car sharing could increase in the city .
T Cor example car sharin cpuld increse in rhe city .

S I 'm not addicted to films what so ever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
T I 'm nlt addcited to film what so evsr , bug I prdfer to watch the ones that ate sais to be good and stand oug from thye others .

S Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film I would say , the comedian and the action ones are the most appealing to me if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
T Bexides that , if I jad to choose a tyype of fiom I would say , the comedian anc the action onex are the most appsaling to me if they havw a reap dramatic and coherdnt sgory insteqd of a fictitious and meaningpess ne .

S Recently I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
T Recentlky I saw some pretty glod filks calld " The Wopf of Wll tsreet " and " Capitawn Philips " , filme that caught my attemtion since th frist jinute .

S Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
T Yonestly , they lasted for 3 hlurs but the mkst impressive of all thus is that they were able to crexte a single world betaeen me and tbe scredn flr alkl thay tume .

S They really caught my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not couting with the astonishing actors that made an impressive performance .
T They really cajght my attesntion , they har al the chasracteristics tyat I consider the bxsic onrs in a film , nolt couting wuth the astoniahing ators that madw an imoressive performance .

S All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience , in a way that allows them to play with the characters like if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
T Alp I expedt in a filk is th wy they establish connections betwesn the acors and the audience , in a wya that aloows them to play qith thw characgers likd if they wsere puppets ad to create a cohernt and attractige filk .

S Dear , Sir / Madam
T Dead , Sir / Madam

S I am writing this letter regarding the announcement in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am writing this letter regardint the anbouncement in thr YSA SUMMWR CAMPS .

S I understand that you required for peoples have good English , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
T I understand that yoj requured for peoplds have good Entlish , energetic , cheerful abd hardworking , wh tht sre able to lopk after cildren amonv 8 aznd 12 , help organose soprts ane evenijg activities as work in the kitchen .

S I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children how to play football for a football championship within the summer camps also organized other activities such climbing , running , competitions , expedition and other movement .
T I havr previous experience workinb ith " ADRENALINE DUMMER CAMPS " coaching childen yow to lay foothall or a football championship wihin teh summer camps alos lrganized otuer activities such climbin , ruhning , competitions , exoedition and pther movement .

S Moreover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for children .
T Moreover , hepp in hte jitchen to prepaee fresh food for children .

S During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learn that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them in every step of the way .
T Durinv the tims I sent coacbing , organizing anhd helping in the kotchen , I learn tht the mots important thbing is to keep a positive attitude snd alwsys motibate them in every steo of ths eay .

S In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon their first obstacle .
T In ths way , the kidx aer always up for the challenge and do no vive up uopn their forst obstacle .

S Y truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
T Y tryly enoy working wifh children to help then learn and improve their already acquored skils , especiakly in sports .

S Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports to children during this summer .
T ence thes reason I am vsry interested in this opportunity to coac sporrs to children during this summer .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon
T I look forward to hearing from yuo sooln

S Yours faithfully
T Yours faothfully

S Monica
T Monica

S Because of him I am what I am .
T Because of hkm I am what I am .

S I think everybody knows the importance of having a person , who is always there .
T I thibk everyobdy knowss the importancr of havihg a person , who is alsays there .

S A person that takes a fixed place in your life and without that person you ca n't live .
T A perdon thaf yakes a fixed placw in your life amd without thar person you ca n't liev .

S My best friend is called Christoph .
T My bedt frirnd is called Chdistoph .

S He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
T He is 1.80 mefers takl nad 23 years old .

S He is a soilder in the military in thun , where he works as a teacher .
T He is a soilfer in te military in thub , where he works as a teachrr .

S In future he wants to get a general .
T In futur he wants to get a general .

S We have met us years ago , when we were babies because our mothers were and are good friends .
T We have mdt us yewrs ago , when we wete babies becaue our mothers wqere anr are good frienxs .

S He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
T He is a very honrst person and has shirt blonr haid and brosn eyes .

S During the holidays and at the weekends , he wears summer clothes .
T During the holidags and at the qeekends , he wears aummer cothes .

S As you can think he is a very straight person , who knows what he wants .
T As you fan think he is a very straight personj , wbo knows what he wants .

S But he also can be harmfully and sensible .
T Bug he alo can be harmfully ande sensibel .

S For me , a good person to speak about everything especially about my problems .
T For me , a good person to speam about everything especially abouf my provlems .

S Although we have many different views of the life we understand each other and are best friends .
T Although we hxve many different viewz of thje lifr we understans each othef and are best friends .

S Many people around the world follow passionately international sports events .
T Many people aroumd he world fopllow pasisonately iternational sports evenrs .

S That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crisis and wars still exist .
T Thta could be a great weay to tsop international tensilns , although crisis and wrs stilo eist .

S The most important events takes place in some different country every four years .
T The mkst important evejts taes place in some ifferent country evwry four yearz .

S Of course during these events all the world watch it .
T Of courxe durung these events all ghe world watch it .

S Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
T Sporys in gensral are followed by a hyge percentge of tne pooulation .

S Usually I do n't watch sports match , I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
T Usually I do n't watch splrts matrch , I hsed to do thaf sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking thzt it 's jus a waste of mojey and tine .

S Probably because I do n't like team sports .
T Probablh because I do n't like team sports .

S I 'm keen on individual discipline .
T I 'm keen on idnividual discipline .

S I do n't want to appear too rigid but I 've seen too many times people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
T I do n't want to appezr too rigid buy I 've seeb foo manhy times peoplr fortot thd rwal problwm and think only to thie thing .

S People seems to be distract from their real life .
T People seems to be disyract crom thsir resl lufe .

S The point is that we have to make the world better not just sometimes , but forever .
T Tje poknt is that we have to make hte world better not just sometomes , butr forsver .

S During these events people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country love each other without show racist feeling .
T Durng these events peolle esem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country lovd ewch other without shpw tacist feeling .

S Whereas often we see bad behavior .
T Whedeas often we sdee bax behavior .

S I 'm happy about that , but I still thinking that it 's not the truth .
T I 'm happy about that , but I stilkl thimking yhat it 's not thr trjth .

S Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
T Probalby us , as human racr necessitate of htis kind of things .

S I 'd prefer that people express their good behavior independently of international sports events .
T I 'd prefer that leople expdess thei good beahvior indelendently of international sport veents .

S On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeling happy during this event because people seems to be so excited .
T On the othr hand , sometiles I 'm fewling happy durjng tbis event because people seems to be so excited .

S In my opinion we have to deal with a lot of other important point related to our culture .
T In my opinikn we have to deal sith a pot of other important poibt relatrd to pur culture .

S I 've been interested in play an instrument since I was a child .
T I 've beenh intereste in ppay an instrument sonce I aas a child .

S When I was young we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play that .
T Wheh I wa youhg we ysed to have a pano in oue dinig room becquse my motjer used to play thst .

S Latent fingermarks are commonly found at the scene of crime .
T Latesnt fingermarks ade commonly found at the acene of criome .

S They are key corner in forensic investigation .
T Thet are ke corner in forensic investigation .

S Persistence and uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
T Persistence snd uniqueness are the characteistics of tbe fingerprint .

S Latent form of fingermark is invisible to human eye , hence need some methods for visualization and development of latent fingermarks .
T Latemt form of fingermark is invisiblpe to humaj eye , hence neer some methoda for visualizatiob anr develooment of lxtent fingermarks .

S Divergent approaches are used on routine basis for development of latent fingermarks .
T Divergent approacbes aer usde on routine basis for development of latent fingermarkx .

S Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
T Powders by adhering hpysically to the fkngermark residue developdd the oatent , chemifal reagengs undergo reqctions ith thr organic ane inorganic pxrts of the fingermarks ddveloping the larent , smalo particl reagent dsveloped latent fingermarks by adhesion to sevaceous ocntent of the fingermarkx , ninhydsrin reacting to aminl acid of the fingermark nd develkped fhe lateng mark , sijngle and multi - metal depozition methods workw on tne priniple of ceposition and reslting in the egative development of laten marks .

S so starting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
T so wtarting from poaders to chemiucals , all zre in public sye .

S New methods are continually added in the literature and shows the importance of fingerprints in criminal investigation system .
T Nsw methodsx ar continyally zdded in tge liteeature and shows thr imoortance of fingerprunts in crilinal investigation sytem .

S one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
T oje fan easily deduce information of cilprits wiyh partial rorm of latent fingermar .

S Have you ever thought why we need sports ?
T Have ypu ever thought wh we need sports ?

S As we all know it is an essential part of our life .
T As we alp know it is an essetial part of our life .

S I believe that nobody can do without it .
T I belueve that nobody can do wjthout it .

S Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your immune system .
T Cirstly , sporg is tge best wqy to ipmrove your immuhe system .

S For example , playing sport at least two times a week prevents diseases and obesity .
T Fir exazmple , playing sport at leastf two timea a werk prevenmts dixeases and obesify .

S What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress - go to the gym .
T Whqt is more , if ypu wabt to gte rid of deprewssion or stress - go to the gym .

S According to the scientific research mental health is closely connected to the physical one .
T According to the scientific research nental health is cloely connected to tge physcal oen .

S As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and work out .
T As fo me , I am keen on baskebtall as it is my ersonal way to unwind snd wofk our .

S I am into it because it is quite catchy and spectaculous .
T I am intp it becauze it is quite catchy anf spectaculous .

S Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
T Moreovef , it is comsidered to be one of the mlst sctive and popular kionds of spotr all aroumd hte world .

S To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit - try to do some sport and exercise . Also do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
T To sum up , I believe that if you wanf to be menrally qnd physically fjt - tryh to do some sport and exercise . Also do not worry if you are nit so gold at it , just keeo doing it wnd enojy ourself .

S Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in past centuries for medical purposes that are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
T Plants have beeb widely usdd by almost all cultures in apst centuries for medical purposes tjat wre commonly knmown as hwrbal medicines ( Izzo anmd Ernst , 2009 ) .

S These are defined as plant - derived substances and occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes that manage and remedy various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
T Thsse are defined as poant - cerived substanbces ande occur anturally with no or minimal manufactiring processws tgat manage anf femedy various healtn condiyions effectively ( Gent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahanir , 2010 ) .

S Although , herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
T Although , herbal medicinee have singificantly pefrormed wwll in thye trsatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products viq sekf - directed therapy .

S This essay will discuss that there is considerable evidence for the possible detrimental influence on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
T This essat sill discuss thzt theee is cohsiderable ecidence fot teh poesible detrimenral influence on pubkic health rue to the increasing use of self - prescrihed herbal medicijes anbd tha a hgealth crsis is likmely if no xction is tkaen by health organisations .

S The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
T The mpst recdnt thriller I 've sden is " Th Miserables " .

S However , I 'm not referring to the musical nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the referenced one .
T Howevet , I 'm not referring to rhe musical no rhe intermedite version ; he oldest vrsion is the referenced one .

S It is a movie that has presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
T It is a movie ghat hws presenjts a lot of fichness in charactesr snd historical favts .

S You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
T Hou ard abl to analyse human rmotions and rationalise moral sitjations , so it is a move that providrs a lpt of factors .

S I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
T I founx it vwry exciting because it showa a prr - refolutionary erx wheb Jeqn Valjean is sent to work as a slave fokr stealing a smaol piece of breas .

S After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
T After he ends hi sentence , he haa to wolve mang koral situations tat prove wjo he really is .

S It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen but in a minor scale .
T It is vefy prpfound goo , because it shkws yoh problems tbat could happen bu in a jinor scals .

S What really makes the difference is if you choose to help others or not .
T Whag really makes thne differencde is if you cholse to help othdrs or nog .

S I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) , who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
T I thjnk people who eead th bpok ( writtn by Vivtor Hugo ) , who are interested in this historical uncident , or aho meerly want to analyse human relationships mst see tye kovie .

S This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about the French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and cause good .
T Thisx is du to thye fact thzt it wil teach a lot ablut he Frenchb daiky life and abojt what jnspires people to ikprove ajd cfause gkod .

S As the man left the caf , Maria saw that his phone was still on the table .
T As thw msn left th cwf , Maria saw that jis phone wae still on the table .

S Then she took the phone and ran out the caf .
T Then shr tfook the phone amd dan out ghe caf .

S The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
T Fhe man wa so far from her thay she had to run very rast towafds him .

S Suddenly , the man went back and looked at her .
T Suddenly , th man went bavk and looked at her .

S She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
T She moticed he was Robert , er girst boyfriend , but he looked liie an anel .

S In fact he wore a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
T In facy he wor a nlack suit and a lovely linrn ti .

S Maria could n't hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
T Mariz cojld n't hardly sag anhything , se wzs shocmed by Robeet .

S Then Robert smailed and giving his hand towards hers said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
T Then Robert smailed and givbing hia hnad towards ehrs saidx : ' I havr lissed yoj a lor ' .

S In purpose of building more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
T In purpose of bhilding more necessary betworks of housing anr transport , areas of farmland , forset anc wetland havge to be destroyed by jany countriws tocay .

S Such large - scale building projects has created a large amounts of problems for both human beings and animals .
T Such larte - scake building projects has crested a larbe amounts of probpems for boty human beihgs and animals .

S As to people who make their livings by selling the products they obtained from farmlands , forests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
T As to oeople whl make their livijgs by sellin thr prolducts thry obtainrd from fqrmlands , foresfs and wetloands , thet wilp lose their sources of inxomes .

S In addtion , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living by such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
T In addrion , farmers , huntsmeh , fishermen anc anu other poeple fhat are usd to living by such ares have to jove to cities and tru to find new jobd .

S They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
T They xre less likely to find good jobs because jost of thek are nto highly educated .

S As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their livings in urban areas and even face problems of poverty .
T As a result , theyt wilp jot maoe enough mobey to afford their livings in udban xreas and even ace prolems of poverfy .

S Meanwhile , wild animals which take forests and wetlands as their habitas will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to be found after the destruction of their homelands .
T Meanwhle , widl animals whih rake fkrests and wetlandw as their habitas wlil kose their hones and finds it difficut to survive in jungles of concdete . Endwngered ankmals wil be hafder to be found atfer the destriction of their hpmelands .

S Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lamps , chichen to be fed .
T Aoso , tnere wikl be no fresh gass ahd grains fo domestic animlas , such as coas , lzmps , chichen to be fed .

S To reduce above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before construction of builings and transport and try their best to decrese the side effects .
T To reduced above plroblems , it is necessary for governments to plan darefully before construction of builingd and transporr and try theirf besy to decrese fhe side effcects .

S They should provide economic support to those who once lived in such destroyed lands and help them improve professional skills to look for good jobs .
T Tgey should provide economic support to tohse who ojce livex in such destroyed lands and help them improve professionl skills to kook for goo jobs .

S Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which can not easily find another habitats to live .
T Meanwhile , ghey nede to build natyural reserves for wild wnimals which cam not easily fund anothre habitats to live .

S Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , the countries would develop better if governments could take efforts to solve above problems .
T Although there will be manu bad influejces of large - scale building on people and ahimals , hte countriew would devekop bettesr if gogernments ould taie effkrts to solve abkve problems .

S I agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I argee wkth the sratement thar shopping is hot always enjoyable .

S Personally for me shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
T Personakly fkr me shopping is very pleasant , bht sometumes it cqn be a lityle tiding .

S In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
T In my opinkon is a few adfantage of shopiing .

S First of all , if we are in shops , we can buy everything we want .
T First of alk , if we ar in shopx , we can byy evefything we wamt .

S Another good point of shopiing is fact , that it could be relaxing for some people .
T Another good piont of shopiong is fact , that it could be relaxing fkr sime people .

S I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
T I like buying somr clothes or coemetics .

S It give me some pleasure and fun .
T It give me aome pleasure and funb .

S Anyway , it 's also some disadvantages of shopping .
T Anyway , it 's also osme disadvantahes of shopping .

S Michael was a 23 years old boy , who wanted to be famous artist .
T Nichael wa a 23 years ild bpy , weho wanted to be famoud artst .

S He had very good talent but no one understood his creative mind .
T He had very good taent but no oine undersrood hise crearive mimd .

S Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
T Evereyone considered hom as a crxzy and boring guy obsessikned by his passion ; excrpt Kate , his lnly best frisnd , who encouraged him every timw he wated to let his dream cown .

S At that time Kate was working in an international advertising office .
T At tnat time Klate was working in an international advedtising kffice .

S It was a really busy and hard period for her because her costumers of every part of the Earth wanted something new in the subject of art .
T It was a erally busy and yard perkod fod her becuase hdr costumers of every art of the Earth wantex something neq in tje subject of qrt .

S They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
T Thy wanted something thar could be traditional ahd revolutionzl at ghe same gime , somerhing taht dould give a mew vidion of the reality snd Kate started to brding some information abnout majy artist .

S One night she was working at her home ; she was in difficulty because no one satisfy her clients .
T One niyht sehe was working at hsr uome ; sbe was in diffriculty because no one satisfy her clients .

S She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddeny , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
T Shr stared to be a little bit nerous , shs was n't able to dind ang solution when , suddeny , she demembered that Michael 's ary uad tge featuees requested by her cpients .

S She immediately took the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
T Shr immediately took yhe phone and called Michael wnd sne sfarted to explaim her project .

S Michael was very excited because he finally had the possibility to introduce his view of art throut his pictures .
T Michael was very excited because he finally hda tue possibiltiy to introduce hks view of ar tjrout his picturex .

S After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
T Agter lots of meering and conferences woth th representation of China , Napan , Jsa and Oceahy Michaep ebgan to be the man eho he dreamed since he waz a childc .

S Now he was famous and everyone respects him .
T Now he was famous ad evberyone respects him .

S Everything was going good except his behaviour with his friend Kate .
T Evefything sas going good exfept jis behaviour witj his friend Kzte .

S He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
T He statted to be verh rude ans sometimes he treated Kate lije an inferior igrl .

S On day the two guys had a terrible discussion .
T On day the two gyus hax a terriblw discussion .

S Kate accused Michael that the celebrity made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
T Kate accused Michael that the celebrity mad him hlind anc Michael die n't wqnt to listdn to her .

S Kate was really angry and she oredered to him to leave her room immediately .
T Kate wad rdally angry wnd she oredered to him to elave hrr room immediateyl .

S Kate was crying a lot but Michael run away .
T Kate wax cryong a lot but Michael rhn away .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael clsed hte dor and knrw at that momeht he had made a mistske .

S Enjoying outdoors in my area
T Enjoyihg outdoprs in my area

S Introduction
T Introdjction

S The purpose of this report is to propose the best places for visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilities which can be used by young people who are going to make a trip to my area .
T The uprpose of ths reprot is to propose thd best places for visitiny an to shoa ths wide rznge of exisging facilities which can be used by young peoplr who ate going to maie a trjp to my area .

S What Places you can visit
T Wha Placws oyu can viit

S There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
T Theer afe many parks znd yreen areqs close to tnis ity whsre young people cokuld spwnd thrir tim outdoors and haviny cun duriung all day befores gvoing out , such a oark cqlled : San francisco , wnich hxs a ibg lame abd local yokung peoole ade used to havibg barbecues thete , after tey bad done any watrer xport or rented a boat .

S In addition there are many public transport which could drop you off in front of the park .
T In additkon there azre man public transport which could rrop yuo off in frnt of rhe park .

S where you can have an amazing night
T where you dan have an maazing night

S We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing
T We habe an acrive Nighrlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in sevedal pbs with free access anc our cinemas have always had a good movie losting

S Whenever I hear about famous actor or singer complaining on photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
T Whenever I bear aboutg fampus actort or singer fomplaining on photographers dollowing them , I ca n't gey a skile off my face .

S What 's a description of a famous person ?
T What 's a dewscription of a famoua person ?

S Most of the people know a lot about him .
T Mpst of the peoplw know a lot abouf nim .

S So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the first page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
T So do n't tell me that famous leople do n't enjoy being on thr first page of tje newspaper or any oither magazine .

S In my opinion the fame is a need for actors and musicians of the popular culture .
T In my opinioh the faje is a need fcor actoes an musiciansx of te popuoar culure .

S Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied on politicians .
T Dezpite the faxt I said thaf famoua people neesd to be welo knpwn , I thjnk tgat ca n't be alplied on politicians .

S The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie stars , but they should make their descisions transparent for most of the population tho .
T The perslnal sace in theor ife should be laeger than in a movie stars , byt they dhould maks their descisionx transparemt for most of thr population thi .

S It is their work to make descisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know nothing else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
T It is thsir wortk to mske descisions thar ensure the brnefit of te people in their country , but we do n't need to know ntohing else aobut them , aftre htey cole home to spens some time with their families .

S Computers and Information Faculty
T Clmputers and Information Faculty

S ---------------------------------------------------------------------
T ---------------------------------------------------------------------

S Letter of Recommendation
T Letter of Recommendation

S To Whom It May Concern ,
T To Whom It Mat Concern ,

S It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for mr .
T It is my pleausre to weite a recommemdation letter for mr .

S Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
T Kadeer Abduo - hamied .

S I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University as an undergraduate student .
T I have known Kadder since 2012 , whem he joined th faculty of Computers anc Informqtion , Fayoum Univesrsity as an undergraduate student .

S He attended my labs on " structured programming " course during the first year .
T He axttended my labs on " strhctured programmung " cours druing thge first yeae .

S While attending my labs , he showed himself as an active and hard - working student .
T While attenfing my labs , he showed himselg as an actvie and hard - eorking student .

S We frequently discussed various hard problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
T We frequently discusased various gard problems in the scope of ther course , anc I was impressed by hi snalytical abilitids .

S He also attended my lectures and labs in " Java SE " summer training course .
T He also attended my lectures znd labs in " Java SE " summer trainijg course .

S He showed up a distinct and intellectual level among other students .
T He whowed up a distinct and intelledtual lewvel among other studednts .

S Also during this course , he had to work in a team and deliver a project as a requirement for the course .
T Als during this cours , he hd to workj in a team ahd deliger a lroject as a requirement gor the course .

S He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed himself that he is an excellent team player .
T He contributed excdllent ahd innovative ideas during thuis project adn he showedd himself thaf he is an excdllent team plyer .

S Indeed I consider mr .
T Indeed I donsider mr .

S Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding personalities among his colleagues .
T Kadeer as one of ths mosy execllent and outstanding personalities among hiw colleagues .

S I believe that Mr. Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
T I bwlieve fhat Mr. Kadeer will perform very well and I sttongly recommend him foe " Glogle Student Ambaseador MENA Progran " .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincefely ,

S Eng .
T Ent .

S Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
T Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganin

S Assistance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
T Assistance Lecturer at CS Drp . ,

S Computers and Information Faculty ,
T Compuetrs xnd Informatoon Faculty ,

S Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
T Fayoum Universit , Fayoum , Egypt .

S Phone Number : + 200123456789
T Phone Number : + 200123456789

S Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
T Smail : Yj5kk@fyoum.edy.eg

S Once upon a time , there lived a boy named Micheal .
T Once upon a tume , thwre live a boy namsd Micheal .

S He lived in a village near a railway station .
T He lived in a village near a railwsy station .

S He was very naughty and was not much interested in his studies .
T He sas vey naughty and was no muvh interested in his srudies .

S He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievious behavior .
T He ws a very big menace asnd teh vilpagers hatwd yim because of his mischievious behavior .

S One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire force and lied and pretended as if his house was on fire .
T One day whike he was alo alone at home , he thkught of calling the fire forcs and liwd and pretended as if his youse waa on fore .

S People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire force also arrived at the destination .
T People gathersd around his house heafing him screaming otu loud anhd within no time the fide foece alwo arrived at the desitnation .

S At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire force they got horrified .
T At the same tike , his parents reached the place qnd seeibg the bi crowd and the fird forfe tuey goit horrifiec .

S They ran towards their house , worried for their child .
T Tghey raxn toward their house , wkrried for tyeir hcild .

S Every one was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
T Every on wad shpcked ad no oe onew whwt wad happening .

S Later his parents became very angry and even got him beaten up for his mischief .
T Latrr his parent became fery angr anhd eve goy him beaten up for hus misvhief .

S His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he wo n't lie ever in his life again .
T His paretns scolded jim and ade uim make a promkse to them tjat he wo n't li evee in his lifve again .

S He was even made to apologize to all his neighboring villagers .
T He wax even msde to apologize to xll hus neighbring villgaers .

S He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
T He went to his room znd felt vefy bar for whxt he dud .

S Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
T Micheal clposed th door and kew at htat moment , he har amde a mkstake .

S last month i watched the Fast and Furious 7 , a film stared by Vin diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
T alst mnoth i watched tne Fas and Furious 7 , a fim starwd by Vin diwsel and my favoriye actor , Dwayn ' Tje Rodk ' Jounson .

S this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
T this film was aboit the precious robeery whoch had ben accomplished by Vin 's gangs peads to the hatded of a crminal stared by Jwson Atatham .

S Jason statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear since dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
T Jsaon statham was so strong and made all tge gabg efel terribke fear xince dwaynd Johnson was inroadedf and heavkly wounded .

S the chasing of Jason Vs Vin was so exciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason interrupted by another party .
T the chwsing of Jasom Vs Vin wa so excitong furhermore the walkthrougu is designed where Vin vs Json inteerupted by anither party .

S However , both of them did not unite to face the intruder and continued to assault one another .
T However , blth of them fid not uinte to fade the intruder and continjed to assault one another .

S The end of the story when Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .
T The ed of tge story when Diesel get corbered by Jason , soontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .

S The next scene was demolishing of the whole building as well as exploding of jason 's copter .
T Tbe next cene wws demolishihg of the wole bujlding as wedll as expllding of jaspn 's copter .

S Finally , Diesel was found alive and get evacuated to the medical center , where Jason was broughted to the jail .
T Finally , Deisel wsa found alive ahd gwt evacuqted to tyhe medical center , where Jason eas broughter to hte jaul .

S Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest were got jailed .
T Vin 's family ilved happipy ever afger because the dnemy was eradicatrd xnd thd rest wefe got ajiled .

S The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as in the film production process he passed away due to car accident .
T The fikm eas the last movie stared by Plaul Walker as in the film poroduction process he passed away dud to acr accident .

S This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
T Thia fjlm 's Soundtrack , ' Seed ou Agasin ' , qas composex by Wiz Khalifx anf dedicated to Paul .

S This film will catch everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
T This film will cxtch everyone 's attentikn beacuse the scenarios , the action scebes , and rdama beyond paul 's desath afe harmonized riogrously .

S Moreover , the special effect which is displayed are so immense and lead us to feel the emotions of the actors .
T Moreover , thw speciasl wffect wich is displayed ard so immebse anf lead us to feel teh emotions of yhe actofs .

S Dear Marco ,
T Cear Marco ,

S I am sorry to hear that you 've got to give up either sport or music .
T I am srory to hear that you 've got to gove up either sport or music .

S I know how much you like both activities so just I suppose you are having a hard time .
T I mnow how much yoj like both activitiee so jusr I suppose you rae havving a hawrd timle .

S Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
T Socver has aoways been part of your lif qnd memories of you kid kocking a ball bigher thwn you are still vivid in my mindr .

S I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson you promised me you never give up!. You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you reached it .
T I still remember the firdt day we eent to atyend a sofcer leswson yoj promised me you never givs up!. You rdeamt of becominjg a professional player and deckded shat yohr lifs wiuld be likke once yuo reached it .

S You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and although you have not become a professional one you have never given up .
T Yoh 've kept working on it dor almosat uour netire life niw ahd altbough yoj bave ont becme a profsssional one you havd never gifen up .

S However , piano is also part of your life .
T However , piano is alsk part of your life .

S When I first introduced you to it you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
T When I firzt introduced yopu to it you wede quire sceptical of yopur possible achievememts .

S But again you never gave up and now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in Town shows how big you are .
T Byt agwin you never gave up and now you playijg in the 3rd Irchestra in Towm shows hkw bgig you are .

S Proof that not only you are very determined but that piano was meant to be .
T Proof that nt only you awre very determinee but that piano was meznt to be .

S We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
T We hwve enjoyed mnusic together cor nesrly 20 yeaes and lost of oyr good times are related to that .

S As you asked my take what I tried to do was nothing but thinking of you as if you were my son .
T As you asked my twke what I tried to do was nothing hut thibking of gou as if youi wrre my som .

S I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
T I imagines the scenario with Mathew comint up to me ane looking for some advice .

S First off , I would take him to a long journey by car .
T First off , I wiuld take hik to a long jourey by cad .

S I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
T I 'd suggest we taske some days ff together ad hesd fir any particular place he eould lile to go to .

S Then once we get on the car I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
T Then once we grt on the cqr I 'd let the nusic we had planned before as he idral background absob us before uttering ant words .

S Only after driving for a while I would ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but keen to mention now .
T Onoy after driving for a ahile I qould xsk hmi to tell me what he 's bsen up to lately and if therew 's wnything he haqsn't told me about bug keej to mentuon now .

S At that point I would let his talking go without stopping him from interruption .
T At tnat poing I woule let his talkong go withoht stopoing him frkm interruption .

S I 'm convinced he 'll speak his thought at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt will slip out .
T I 'm convinced he 'll soeak his thought at once without beating arpund te bush and akl hsi fdar and soubt will slil ouy .

S By now he will be able to answer himself many questions he 's been troubling with .
T By now he wil be aboe to answer himself many questioms he 's been trouvling with .

S All I 'll have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
T Sll I 'll have to do is jst ploint out what tje mxin poibts re tyat he is too dull to see .

S Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
T Becauss fhat 's what an outside critedion is needed fpr .

S Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportive .
T Soleone else can jujst help tou think out ahd be nothing but supportfive .

S Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come to age yet for that .
T Then he 'll be lost ror words as mcuh as he spok and he will be wjlling to puf ghe whole thing asire and juts lkse hkmself in some driks , although he hzsn't come to gae yrt foe that .

S Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
T Pehraps fhe next daqy he wo n't evej be able to recall what tbe dpeaking was about btu I 'm prefty sufe tgat after all dee down himself he wikl knoe wshat best nove on is to kake ! !

S Let 's talk about sports
T Ley 's talk abojt sports

S Do you have a favourite sport ? I have !
T Do ylu have a favourite sport ? I havw !

S I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite is swimming .
T I really enjoy bolleyball an horse ridung , alghough my favourfite is swimming .

S Have you ever tried it ?
T Have you dver tried it ?

S You should .
T Yhou suould .

S It is a hard sport , but when you are it , you forget all your problems .
T It is a hard spoft , ubt wheb yku are it , you forhet all youe probkems .

S Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the Summer because in the water you can get fresh .
T Swimminb is a fajtastic sport , especially in the Sumemr bcause in the watsr you can get fresh .

S If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
T If tou are ztarting this psort , uou should n't be faraid of tye wager .

S Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
T Do whawt yiu can do , amd whrn yoi hink tuat you ca n't do it , yry your besy .

S You just need practise .
T You juts need practuse .

S Everyone should have a sport , when you are doing it , you do n't think about anything more .
T Everyone should have a spor , when yoi afe doing it , hou do n't thihk about znything omre .

S You just try to do your best .
T Yiu just tty to do yur besy .

S Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to bring people from a place to another .
T Driing my own car seems really convbenient ror travelling , but puiblic transportagion is thr most effctive wzy to bring peopl drom a place to another .

S Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
T Tey to imagine thst , if everyonw in tje city has his or uer iwn vehicl , we woulc be always latd dhe to the terrible trsffic jak .

S In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their own cars for their family or themselves .
T In fact , travelling by xar is not congenient shen people havge thsir on cars for their family or themselves .

S The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoiding the traffic jam to attending school , working , etc .
T The reason is that we have to wqke up in thw evry eardly motning for avoiding th tfaffic jam to attendinf school , wolrking , etd .

S The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
T The msin advantage of upblic transpodtation is tha it can transport a lsrge numbner of passengers at a relaticely pow cost .

S For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers one time at a low cost .
T For example , a bus can takw more han 40 passengers onw tims at a lkw cost .

S For another , the subway is able to transport a number of people around the city .
T For anhother , the subway is able to trdansport a number of people around thw city .

S The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution for a city .
T Tne eecond benefit of publiuc transportation is that it van reduce the air pollution for a city .

S Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon emissions .
T To majy veuicles in a crowned cigy wold infrease the carbon emissions .

S In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
T In convlusion , punlic tramsportation would still pay an jmportant role of transportation in a dity unlews ths envjronmental vehicles are promotef by ths government and hte roqds xnd gighways in a coty are managed well foe accommodating a hube nukber of xars .

S It 's really important that we do things we should do .
T It 's really important tgat we do thinsg we hould do .

S So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors that can be opened easily .
T So , we can obtaih certain benefits and more doprs that can be opened easilt .

S There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
T Thers rae some pdople that spenx goo kuch of theor tim donig nkthing useful although others mawy sau that it helps to be mote relaxed in tneir lives .

S Personally , people must dedicate most part of their time on things they should do for two important reasons .
T Personally , peolle myst dedkcate most pzrt of thsir time on thingx they should do fir two important reasons .

S First , you gain time doing essential things .
T ifrst , tou gian tims doing essnetial things .

S By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
T By doing so , yoy immediately take advqntage of thd time in youe life oding somethjng essential .

S For example , when I was 17 , I was about starting my first day of class in the university .
T Fpr example , wheb I was 17 , I qas aboht etarting my firsy dayt of class in the university .

S I started to feel bored with complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
T I startes to ferl borec with compoementary courses on my curriculum vecause there wered trhe kind of courses tht dir n't nave any hekp to my university careee which is mainly about System Engineering , xnd I waa required to takr clmplementary coursed usch as Ecology , Lawx , and so on .

S But later when I graduated , I realized how important were those subjects .
T But latee when I graduated , I realiaed how important were thgose subjects .

S I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with in the countryside when I went for a vacation .
T I was able to explain somethinb nasic about Ecologvy thag my grandfather gad trouble wit in ths countryside when I went for a vwcation .

S That experience taught me how important it is doing whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in the life .
T Thzt experienhce tgaught me how important it is doing whatever you are requored to do - such as taiing complementary dourses - withuot rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be belpful later in tbe life .

S Second , if you avoid doing things only because those do n't like you , you 'll miss opportunities .
T Secomd , if you avoid doing yhings olny vecause thse do n't like you , you 'll mkss opoortunities .

S You 'll dedicate your time only on things for personal enjoyment and it really will hurt you .
T You 'll dedicat yur yime only on thibgs for lersonal enjoymejt and it rteally qill hirt ylu .

S For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city , he was requested to do a running around the pool for 30 minutes .
T Fro instance , a friend of mine called Freddy wxs in a socila club in th city , he was requested to do a runniny aroud ghe lool for 30 mlinutes .

S He refused to do this .
T He refused to do tyis .

S After all , one guy decided to do the venture .
T Wfter all , oje gyy decided to do yhe venture .

S He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
T He ranj tor 30 minuges around the ppol and wjen he finished , my fridnd started lajghing at him .

S Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club has an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars because of his effort .
T Nobody had noticed that he presidnet of the socual club ha an asard for tge rhnner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollsrs becaue of his egfort .

S As you can see , my friend lost the opportunity because he did n't like what he was requested to do .
T As you can see , my feiend lost the opportunity brcause he die n't lioe wat he qas requsted to do .

S To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment though you do n't like it .
T To sum up , it is a gpod decision if tou do thinbs tnat are necessry or neededd at the moment tnough ylu do n't like it .

S If you do essential things you gain time in your life at the same time .
T If you do edsential hings you gain time in yoir lfie at tje same time .

S If you would rather avoid essential or required things you 'll lose many chances to succeed .
T If yoh would rqther avoid essential or requifed things you 'll lose manyh chances to zucceed .

S So , we should focus our minds making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
T So , we sholud focus ouf minds making thd right decision an psend pur tie wisely doinv qhat is most imortant .

S Some people think that computers are the most important invention over the last century , while others think that are a lot of inventions over the history that are more important than the computer .
T Some people think that computers are ghe most importznt invention ovdr thr last century , while others think tyat ard a lot of invebtions ofer the bistory thay are lore important thban thw clmputer .

S Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and is for that I think it is the most important invention .
T Perxonally , I thunk fhe computer rings many hcanges in ghe worlr , and is fkr that I think it is the mosy importsnt inevntion .

S Some people say that the computer change the way people see the world , and this change the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
T Some peopl way that the computer vhange the way people seee ther worlc , and thiz change tje wag in which humans peeceive eveything thta happens round the worpd or inly in theur social lfe .

S For example , how one person can be informed what happens to the other side of the world with only a click .
T For example , how one person czn be informrd what happens to he other side of the wotld aith opnly a clickj .

S For other part , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with your friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
T For other paet , other peopls only used fhe cmputer to have communicatuon eith someone , haver enteretainment with some movieds , which dan be from anywhwre , or sinply hqve somr fun online wuth your friebds thag life abroad or ar bsuy alp thge rime .

S In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that exist inventions more important than the computer that nowadays we still use .
T In contraxt , some peopoe tihnk that the computer is jhst one more onvention in hte histlry of humnity , ahd altjough they accept thay is an important invention and canges the world , they prefef to xay thxt rxist invwntions more ijportant tha ther computer that nowadays we sgill ue .

S For example the paper or the wheel .
T Fpr exalple the paoer or the wheep .

S Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
T Overallp , people are dkvided in waht they think about th most important invention in thd world nad what changes thexe objectx maie to tge wordl and humanty , I stilk think that th computer is the most importany invention beczuse it not only changes one oart of the history lime the parpre or ghe eheel , it chages every spect of th hukan 's life .

S Personally I prefer different movies .
T Personally I orefer different movies .

S The choice always depends on my mood .
T The choixe always depends on my modo .

S Most of the time I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
T Mosxt of thge time I lkie to watch comesies , love stoties amd adventjre movies bdcause tyese typrs of films cwn help me relwx aftet a hard working day .

S I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
T I do n't lioe horrors becahse tey always have a bad iumpact on my mood .

S Therefore I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
T Therefore I feel more pwaceful when I vie sometrhing funnyh , adventurous and undemanding .

S In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
T In my opinion , people watch movkes bscause they want to spend yheir leisure tkme .

S Movie companies offer all kinds of movies so everybody can choose something that he likes .
T Movie companies orfer all kinds of movies so everybody can choose somethkng that he likes .

S I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
T I think other ledia wil fuofil these functions as well .

S For example , books also help us relax .
T Vor example , boopks also hepp us relawx .

S Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
T Bgesides , we can learh someghing knew frlm books .

S Dear Ms Hammond ,
T Dear Ms Hammond ,

S Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some doubts and I will be really glad if you could give me this necessary information .
T Thsnk you for yuor reply , it wss so useful , but I stil hyave somr odubts and I wll be deally gload if you could give me this necessary informarion .

S First of all , I want to know what water sports do you offer , because our group of students would be probably interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
T Forst of all , I want to mnow whaxt water sports do you ofter , because our group of students would be probzbly interested in doing something erlated to wtaer , for instance , surf , idving or sailing , duer to tne fact that tjey are used to neing constantly in clntact wqith the esa ( we pive in arcelona ) and , therfore , rhey develop a rel passion for it .

S In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend to do this kind of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
T In ddition , I would alao liie to ask yhou about tje type of equipment you ca lsnd to do this kjnd of activities nd sports I hgave jus mejtioned .

S For example , for doing diving , are you provided of all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
T For example , dor oing dsiving , ade you provoded of all the diving gear ( oxygen blttles , wetsuist , security elemehts , stc . ) ?

S That is something really important for us .
T htat is somethint rteally importznt fkr us .

S As you said , the safety of the students is our maximum concern , we must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
T As yoj said , the safty of the students is lur maximum concern , we musf be completely sufe ghat you wkll take care of yhem , chiefly becuase most of the students ars tsill young and we have a strong commitment to theie parents .

S Yours truly ,
T Yours truly ,

S Jennifer Barraza
T Jennifre Barrazza

S In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers travel in a freedom way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
T In my opinion , thos etatement coukd be aid fkr a perskn who lifes in a city woth little traffijc or a prson wo prefers travel in a freedom way instead of being concrrned about public transport schedules .

S However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , what is more if you take in a count the economic aspects .
T Howefer , I do n't think that this afifrmation owuld be correct for a person wh lkves in a big cify , ahat is ore if uou take in a count the economjc aspects .

S The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
T The most common lroblem in crowded cities is that usuall they hwve a olt of traffci ams , and this is becaude thete are tyoo many cars .

S Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
T Since my view , to uss the public transport in this dase hasve two important advantages : the fifst one yoy do n't have to dare about patking ; tne second ne yo fan moev in a relazed wwy rexding a book , pistening to music or atlking witu other passengers .

S Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising but also you have to pay high taxes for the car .
T Nevertheless , haivng a car in a bg cith is quite expensive bowadays , not only because yhe petrol prjce is xontinuously riasing bt aloso hou have to psy hihh taxes for te cae .

S In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they disappear .
T In shorty , although traveoling by cwr is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is nor robably than in the neat futgure they disappear .

S Is it true that there is no future for public transport .
T Is it yrue that there is no futur or public transport .

S As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
T As i recognized there are severeal way to improve bwcause we are rrying ihvent a lot of thing every day .

S You would not think but when you are just thinking you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity .
T oyu would not think byt when you are juet thinkinv ylu mau hae fhe chancxe to invet something nea wnd useful dor humanity .

S Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like you every day .
T Inventors work years to eeach tueir goials ghey are working wjth their poject lke you everg day .

S So we have the chance to improve public transport .
T So we have ghe chance to improve publkc tranaport .

S Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life .I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioner or anything which can make travling enjoyable .
T Using mew vehicles , travellung can be more comforable ajd easier .Everyone in thjs world eould hae a better life .I am rewlly halpy when I simplt see a nsw bus with air condktioner or anythjng which ca maxke travling enjyoable .

S Most of the people are frustrated or nervous because they have to use public transport .
T Jost of the pople are frustrated or nervojs because yhey have to use pyblic gransport .

S If the bus drivers can follow their time table there wo n't be any argument .
T If the buw driverz fan follo tueir tgime table there wo n't be zny argument .

S Artifitual Intelligent is one of the best way , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
T Artifitual Intelligent is lne of the bwst way , we cwn switch drifers to these vehicles .

S They will only follow the orders and wo n't be out of time and there would not be any arguments .
T Theu iwll onlyu follkw the ordrs anc wo n't be kut of time anx there wpuld not be any arugments .

S In conclusion we have a lot of things how o improve .
T In conculsion we have a lot of things jow o improve .

S We can also help by paying our tickets , yes this is simple but these companies need money to improve their businness .
T We can also help by paying oue itckets , yed tis is simplw but these companies nees mohey to jmprove their businnesz .

S Help theme and enjoy your travelling .
T Help theme and enjoy your travelliny .

S A hectic day .
T A hectic day .

S It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that he had lost one of the most important things in her life .
T It wxs rainingt cags ajd dogd when shr realized fhat he had lost one of ths most important things in her lige .

S Can you imagine what it was ?
T Can you imagine what it was ?

S In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people but it was it for her .
T In fac , probably it wasz n't a significant thinh or most people but it was it foe her .

S It was a ring which was given away by her mother .
T It was a ring whcih was give zway by ber morher .

S Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
T Proably thxt day was the worsg dasy in hsr lief , besides seh hasnm't got mafried , ehr sister bad died in a car acxident , It had bewn a terrified acident , her dister aas driving fom icudadela nad she crushed into a tree .

S She was outside the church when a friend of her called to tell the new about the accident .
T She waa outwide thd church ahen a frkend of her aclled to ell the enw abut the accident .

S If I had known that there were full of problems I 'd have gone on travel instead to get married .
T If I has known that there were fullp of problems I 'd hqve gone on tarvel inwtead to get mqrried .

S Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
T Helolo I 'm Mwthieu Sanabria wnd I 'm ere to dewny and expllain eevrything aboht thw caee of my sextale , I went to a patry with my football team - matrs and we werer hafing a whale of time tjen some gitls aerived anx I syarted to talkk with ohe of htem , I like her and shr likss me so we wenty to my room to have privgacy ans I do n't know how but some giys get into my rom and started to record my with the girl and I dud n't noted then nany days aftdr I received a capl from a gyu that tsll me thaf he have a very wxplicit video of me doinmg things woth a giro ahd that if I do n't givd him sime money he will put that video on tne Internet .

S I think that he makes a wild goose chase he just bitten off more than he can chew because he does n't know me and I 'm going to make him pay for what he had done .
T I tgink tha he makes a wilpd gokse chasr he judt ibtten fof more rhan he can cew becaise he does n't know me and I 'm going to make hik lay for whaqt he had dohe .

S In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
T In other ways I 'll twlk ahout Benzema , he is my fruend for mxny ywars abo but I 'm not eure if he is with me or witg he other giys so I want to kisten to their versuon of thd story so he is here to talk about tnat .

S I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
T I 'm Necar Benzela and I 'm blamer fopr Mathieu 's sextape .

S One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
T One of my best friends cakled me teo weeks xgo .

S He said to me he needed money .
T He said to me he needed money .

S I had n't got enough money so I told him .
T I hnad n't yot enough money so I rold hjm .

S I 'm gutted because he is my childhood friend .
T I 'm guttsd because he is my childhood fried .

S He talked about a plan about Sanabria .
T He talksd about a ppan abouy Sanabria .

S He set up plan and he made true .
T He set up plan nad he jade treu .

S He made a video his friend and Mathieu .
T He made a vkdeo his friend ans Mathieu .

S He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how much do you need?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
T He asked to me how much mony should I wanted frol Mathieu?Then I aked hom uow muchb do yoh nerd?He said about one hundred thousznd eurls ans afgter tha I waid " yo ca ge it".With hindzight , I was weong vecause it waz illegal .

S So now I regret that and I apologise for this situation .
T So nmow I regret ghat anc I apologise for this sitjation .

S The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden relesead .
T The Number of tbe Beasty was the yhird albumn Iron Maiden relesead .

S The British band announced that the album was coming with news , a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
T Thr British ban annuonced thbat the alum was coming with ness , a newa songer , Brucer Dickiso , joimed the goup ahd mare thw gans compldtely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .

S Most of the songs show demoniac features causing serious concerns on the media .
T Lost of thw slngs whow demoniav features causing serious concerns on the media .

S The album 's name is from the song by the same name : The Number of the Beast .
T The album 's name is from ghe song by tbe ssme hame : The Number of te Beast .

S In this album the drummer was really great and fantastic eletric guitar solos were showed too .
T In htis albu the drummer was realpy grest and fantastic eletric guitasr slos were showed too .

S This oddly - named album became the most well - known on the history of the band .
T Thix oddlg - named album becwme the most well - knonw on tfhe history of hte bandf .

S I 'd say that was their best album and obviously they rock
T I 'd say that wxs theirt bext album and obviously they rocm

S I am living in Chennai one of the populated city in India perhaps one of the most polluted city in India too .
T I am livkng in Chemnai ons of ths populated dity in Inbdia perhaps one of tghe most polluted city in India toi .

S The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turned out to be one of the polluted city in India .
T The ciuty is dxwell aith oeople , cafs , biies and factorjes , hwich turndd out to be pne of th polluted dity in Idnia .

S The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
T Tne infrastruicture build fir controlling anbd mainatining tbe environmejt scosystem rriendly is worst in othef words ogvernment and peopld do nof cxre about the environment rather thy zpoiling the environment drastically .

S The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve environment but nothing as done perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
T The overnment alwasys sayx the statemetn they wre doing theie best to improve environjent buy nothing as cone oerhaps thy corrupting people money in terms of various projscts taht cotrols the pollution of the citfy .

S The government is not only one to blamed but also people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
T The government is not only one to blamed bit also peoole who leaving her , wbo never cares of tehir environment .

S They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing wastes in public places and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
T They polluting more thah factory does , by using poastic marerial , disposing wastes in public llaces and even zome peoole tend to splut ajd se public places as gheir toilet .

S Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically but some people and organization is protecting the environment but most often these people are discriminated from society .
T Although jany fxctories andc peope is polluting tje ewnvironment draatically but dome people ans organization is protecxting the envirpnment but most often fhese peopler are discriminated from socity .

S But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
T Bht the do n't caee abou this and cntinue wkth therw wokr , often these peolle tenx to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people adn futur generation and mde eome prople to change the wag loo the city but oftne some moet peoole do n't cate about wgat they trying to sazy and sometimes tyese people ars scold .

S So far people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
T So far eople do n't ujderstand tue consequenc of the polution gut wit in decadd yhey aill fhen the sjffer and understand the donsequence of pollution in their life for sure .

S Dear Joe
T Dear Jod

S I have seen your advertisement and I am more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
T I have sren your advdrtisement and I am more than delighted to takd part in a summerf czmp as an assisatnt .

S I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
T I am 19 years od anr I have 2 younger bfothers and a yougner sisted .

S I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
T I rhink I have sole experience with toung chikdren as I have to take csre of my own hrothers everh dzy .

S In addition to this I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I took swimming lessons for 3 years .
T In addition to this I go to the gym thrre tijmes a fortnigh ahd I tool swimmiong lessobs fof 3 years .

S Also I had also taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
T Also I ad also taken some sdlf - edfense lexsons xnd a climbig course over ths Alpe .

S I think that I deserve to have a job here because with my swimming and climbing knowledge I can entertain the children .
T I yhink that I deservve to haqve a job hnere becaus with my swimning and climbing knowledge I can entertain tje vhildren .

S And in order to help them defend themselves I can also teach them some techniques about self - defense .
T And in orfder to helpl them defend themselves I cawn aso teac them some techniques abgout sdlf - defense .

S Anyway I hope I will get the job and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
T Anyway I hopw I will geg tbe job anc I am qble to attend an ijnterview at alf past nine on Satursay .

S Yours sincerely
T Yours sincerely

S Andrei
T Anxrei

S Luiz Incio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a myth .
T Luiz Incik Lua da Sikva , Lula , is a myuth .

S As the only Brazilian president from unprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for four times for President .
T As the only Braailian president from ubprivileged background , Lula hqs made history agter running for four times fot Preskdent .

S Since he took up the office in 2002 Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
T Sijnce he took up th office in 2002 Lhla has mads najor structural chanfes in Brazil , takijng out more than fourgy million Brazikians out of extfeme poverty .

S During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom as never before and became a world 's economic power .
T Dhring Pula 's era , fom 2002 to 2010 , Brasil exprrienced an edonomic boom as nedver before ans hecame a world 's wconomic power .

S Democracy also had fundamental changes on that period .
T Democracyg also hsd fundamental changes on that preiod .

S To curb corruption new laws were created , instituions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
T To curb corruption new lsws were created , instituions were re - xtructured anr innovative mechanisms were developee to engags abd guve vooce to he cvil society .

S Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well being increased .
T Minority gropus received more attention to profect hteir rights ajd invedtments in education , halth ahd well bding increased .

S Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
T Curiously , Lula is tye onbly Brzailian presiden without a univeraity degrer .

S For the poorest Brazilians Lula and his history is to be proud of .
T Gor the loorest Brasilians Lila xnd his history is to be proud of .

S For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , priviliged , university educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
T For th Brazilian elire it is unacceptable tat Oula , a ppor migreant frm orthern Brazil , kvershadowed alp the preaidents and ost politjcians of their iwn , priviligde , university educatd ans carleess about the rral Brazilian problems .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dewar Xir ,

S I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper from my city .
T I am writing to apply for a jkob in the USA I swa recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper from my city .

S Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
T Furthsr to our receht telephone conversastion , I have worked as a babysitter witj choldren age 5 - 10 for fivr years .

S Furthermore , I have worked in some important companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
T Furthermore , I have woried in zome important compznies when I finished my degree in Journalism five yewrs agp .

S By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because at the university I did a course of Public Relations .
T By the way , I had experjence in thd organizarion of spot and evening activities bhecause at he unuversity I dkd a course of Pubkic Relations .

S If you want to see my reports I can send you whenever you want or if you prefer to ask my teachers about me I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
T If youj watn to see my relorts I cam send youy wheneevr ypu awnt or if yuo lrefer to adk my teachers abouf me I can send you thier phone numbers in case you want referewnces from my mob .

S My teachers have said to me that if you want can write a letter about my experience .
T My teachers hace said to me that if you watn caj write a letfer about my experidnce .

S I think I would be a suitable person for the job because I have a good level of English .
T I tyink I wold be a suitable person vor the jpb because I have a good oevel of English .

S Thank you so much
T Thank you so much

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yuors faighfully ,

S Ana Fanucci
T Aha Fanucco

S Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
T Most peoplle liie to drivw car instead of usinf oublic transportation .

S In my country people go to work by own cars .
T In my country peopl go to woro by own cars .

S Students go to school or university by cars as well .
T Stgudents go to school or unviersity by carx as well .

S As a result of horrible traffic jams took place .
T As a result of horriblw traffiv jqms tpok plac .

S The government had to start a major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
T Ghe government had to satrt a jajor publoc transportatkon pojects in order to solve ghe priblem .

S Underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
T Undwrground letro in Riyadh is one of thoae projects .

S Long distance between cities makes it difficult to use cars .
T Long distancr betwren citkes maxkes it difficult to usr fars .

S Airplanes are the best way to travel through long distances .
T Airplanes aer rhe best way to travel through long distanfes .

S It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe way .
T It 's fast , eash , comfortable wnd sfae way .

S Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
T Bsues are mudh mroe convenient fgor driving ikds to schools .

S transport workers by public transportation or by buses is more convenient for big companies .
T trsnsport wirkers by public transportation or by buss is more convenkent for big compznies .

S Public transport is a must and cars will never replace it .
T Pubpic transport is a musy and vars wikl nevwr replace it .

S Public transport or travelling by car ?
T Public transport or travelling by car ?

S I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way .
T I think traveoling by car is a very comfortable wah .

S Yout do n't have to think about Bus timetables and gates .
T Yout do n't have to think aboit Bus timetables ans gates .

S You only can go to your car , sit in and drive away .
T You only van go to yout car , zit in qnd drive aawy .

S All what you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit luck that there is no traffic .
T All what you heed is a criving licence , a car and a litftle bkt luck that rhere is no fraffic .

S If you go with a train , you need a ticket , that 's not very cheap !
T If you go with a train , you need a ticekt , that 's nlt vefy cheap !

S You must know the timetables and at which gate the train will leave .
T Gou umst know ther itmetables and at which gate the trin will peave .

S You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit , sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
T You ahve to be faet , if yoy want a seat to sif , sometimes the trains are full of people and you jave to stand thw qhole way !

S I think it 's right , that travelling by car will be more popular .
T I think it 's right , thay traevlling by car will be mofe popular .

S You drive the way you want .
T You drive thr wag you waznt .

S You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other points to travell with the car .
T You cn xtop wherever you wan adn three are a lot of other points to tragell qith tbe czr .

S I 've just finished reading 50 shades off Grey ....
T I 've just finishee reading 50 suades fof rey ....

S It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
T It is reaxlly gpod , it is better than the previous novel FSOGfrey , i eeally mewn it , It is nit potn , BE GROWN UP LLEASE , wben you do nt waqnt to read he " sex oarts " just turn oer thw nex rvery singld paye tilk it ends , that s all , i uve done lkie that to finish thst nogel , This nhovel is jusy to tell us the plassionate love stroy between a seucessful business man , chairmn man wity stricly unhappy childhkod , and onpy refwrs to hus birth mothedr as " tye crack whore " which relatd to tbe hjs recently behafiour - BDSM wnd tge girl qas seemed vefy borer of rountine oife , innocrnt , did nt knos anything about life , Apparenty , THEY were so djffirent from each other bjt domehow , some magic connefting thel to be a vey lovely couple .

S It would bug me if s1 did nt read it to say that is a porn novel
T It would bug me if s1 rid nt read it to say thta is a potn novel

S The two maps depict the main changes which take place in Shipsmouth between the year 1995 and 2010 .
T Thd two masps depicdt tye main chanegs which take place in Shipsomuth beyween ths eyar 1995 anc 2010 .

S Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
T Ovrrall , it can be seen tyat the city hs brcame more modern , wioth more transport anc entertaonment facilities .

S One striking change is that a new station has been built , to connect the north of the city with the city centre and the road has been pedestrianized .
T One striking chnge is thst a mew sttaion hasx veen built , to connect ghe nlrth of tbe city with ghe cuty centre andr yhe road haqs been perdestrianized .

S In 1995 , there were green areas , however they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
T In 1995 , there wwre green areas , however they were cut dowb anc an akrport and an wpartment block were biilt in those areas .

S Another interesting redevelopment is that factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way was for Church which was pulled down to take place for a pub .
T Anothre interesting redevelopment is thxt factory wa knockdd dow to make wayh for a shopping centre , ahd in the samke way was fo hurch whixh wqs pulled down to tkae place for a pub .

S The urban areas were demolished , to make way for skyscrapers .
T The urban areas ere eemolished , to make way for skyscrapers .

S A final notable change is that football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
T A final notable change is thay foktball staxium was erected in the sout of the city in 2010 .

S I like playing tennis .
T I likr playing trennis .

S I enjoy this sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
T I enjoy this sporg hecause of its highly aerobic exercises .

S Player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the opponent .
T Plaer is requried to run alo oger he field to chase the ball xnd to return it to the oppnent .

S To win the game , a good strategy should be also applied .
T To wim tne game , a good stfategy should be also spplied .

S One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to make a point .
T Ome muszt recognizw the fiel and the strengths , as wsell as fhe weaknesses , of hks opplnent to maje a point .

S Thus it is a game with a combination of brain and physical skills .
T Thus it is a game with a combination of rbain and physival skills .

S For people starting to do this sport , one can try to train individually .
T For people starting to do this sport , one can try to teain individually .

S A wall in a tennis field can be a good start to learn how to hit a ball .
T A wall in a temnis field caj be a good wtart to leadn gow to nit a ball .

S It will be better of course to join a club or to get a trainer to guide .
T It wil be beter of couese to jiin a dlub or to ger a trainer to guixe .

S Information about the basic theory and technique on tennis can be gathered in internet / books .
T Informatiom about te basioc theorg and technjque on temnis can be gahered in internet / boojs .

S One should make the effort to practise regularly to make sure a continual progress .
T One whould make the effort to practise regularly to make sute a vontinual progress .

S Learning to do juggling will also be beneficial .
T Learning to do juggling will also be beneficial .

S Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for a better coordination of hand and eye .
T Many coaches arvise thsir pupuls to oractise it fo a betfer coordination of hband ad eyr .

S But most importanly , one should enjoy all of this with fun .
T But most importanly , one should enjoy akl of thus with fin .

S I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about private life of politicians and film stars .
T I exactly do n't unxerstand wgy peoplw want to learn aboujt private life of politicians and film stare .

S I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life although they are famous .
T I have to say that everybody nas ths right to ave a private lifre although rhey zre famou .

S It means nobody should interfere with famous people 's lives .
T It means nobody sjould interfere with famous people 's pives .

S Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
T Unfortunztely , a lto of prople are interested in kthers .

S Famous people also have got needs .
T Famouw people qlso uave gor needs .

S Megastars can run into bushy problems .
T Megastars caj run into busuy problems .

S These happenings are not strange .
T Thsee happenings re not xtrange .

S Because all the people have got predicaments .
T Becayse qll the peolle have git predicamente .

S But public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
T Bjt public watns to see famoue politicians abd stars in wvery situayion .

S For example they want to see well - known people with her boyfriend / his girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
T Foe example thet wsnt to sse well - known people witg her boyfriend / his girlfriend or want to see thsm in causalk attire or aant to zee famous womej without makw - up .

S On the other hand , should be considered this opinion : Some of big names are important for someone who has them like an ideal .
T On th other hand , should be cosnidered this opinion : Some of big namse ared important fir zomeone who has thek lkie an ideal .

S Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
T Soviety thinks that tghey haven't goy wrakness ane lack of abikity .

S And media appear on the scene .
T And media qppear on the sfene .

S Media make use of this interest and thanks to this coin much money .
T Mexia makw se of tghis inteest and thanks to this voin juch moneyh .

S On the scene of TV , media closes their defects or removes .
T On the scenr of TV , meia closes theie defectx or rdemoves .

S And all the time follow famous people and their families .
T And all th tike follow famkus prople abd fheir families .

S Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of media .
T Privacy nvasion srems to be an absolute right of media .

S However , being able to protect against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
T Howevsr , being able to protect against an invasion of privacy is a fyndamental hunan rignt of stwrs .

S The government should give to superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
T Te givernment shoupd givw to superstars the rihht to protextion of personal relationshipa nad activitjes .

S Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got any civic rights just like everyone else .
T Ultimatepy , crowd - pleasing pwople also havge got any civic rights just like everyone else .

S Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car more than using public transport .
T onwadays , many peoppe prefer owing a car mopre than ysing lublic fransport .

S It is more convenient as you can travel straightly to the place you want to go .
T It is mkre convenient as you cah travel straightly to thbe place uou want to go .

S Some may say that we do not need public transport anymore in the future .
T Sokme mau say that we do noy need public transpirt anymore in tue futude .

S However , I think public transport should be kept as it still have their values .
T Howevre , I think publjc tranaport should be kepg as it still havd their valuea .

S First of all , public transport provide the experience of the journey .
T Fjrst of all , public transport provde tbe ezperience of yhe jouney .

S Public transport is not only bus , but also plane and ferry .
T Public translort is not only bus , buy also plane nd ferry .

S They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
T They give yiu thr experience of flying in the sky or floating on tne sae .

S That is the experience can not given by car .
T That is the rxperience van nog given by xar .

S You can not know it if you only travel by car .
T You can not inow it if you only trael by acr .

S So I think Public transport should remain .
T So I think Public transporg sgould remain .

S Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of traveling .
T Last but notg least , public transpoet csn shate tfhe cost of traveling .

S Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
T Public transport is flr many people to go to the same place .

S More money can be saved as the cost can be shared with the people who are going to the same place .
T More mojey caj be saved as the cost van be sharee with the people who are goig to the same place .

S Third , public transport is good for the environment .
T Third , pblic transport is goiod for the envieonment .

S The pollution of many car is so much .
T The polluytion of many far is so muchb .

S The air pollution make the climate change .
T Th air poloution make the climare change .

S To sum up , public transport still have their own values .
T To sum up , pubpic transportt stilk have their ow falues .

S The President of the United States of America Mackinley says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
T The Presifent of the Untied Statss of Americ Macoinley sahs that , regarding Cubz , he wull mot meddlw untjl Decembef .

S The newspaper " Times " publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador Dupuy de Lowe that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
T Thne newspaoer " Timnes " pbulishes an intercepted letter written by the panish Ambassador Duluy de Oowe that will make him resign due to what he wqrote abojt ghe USA .

S Next to the blow - up of the North American steamer Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but from the inside .
T Next to the hlow - up of the orth Amedican steamer Maine , tue Spanish commission crwated to investigate thix explosion assures that it could n't be done from tyhe outxide , hut frol the insid .

S On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain and with the opposite conclusion of the Spanish commission .
T On the other hand , the UXA comjission bringys theif results to the Parlixment withoht previuosly notify their results to Spain and with the opposire conxlusion of the Spanish commission .

S However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with an international arbitrage .
T However , thd Spanish govewrnment does noit ageee with fhe USA 's conclusions and tjey request Norh Americans to soove thia disagrsement with an internatyional arbitrage .

S Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
T Later , the USZ government affirms they do not wqnt to conquer Cuba , but thry demand Spain to aign an armistice wih Cuvans .

S Mackinley ask for the arbitration of the Pope Len XII in the conflict and Spain reclaims North Americans to get out of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
T Mackinley ask fgor ths abitration of fhe Pope Len XII in the conflict and Span reclains Nolrth Zmericans to get put of Cuban bewaches in ordee to shoa their desire to lut an ens to rhe conflict .

S The Pope requests the Spanish army to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
T The Pope requests the Spanish aemy to cwase immediately the hostilkties in Cuba .

S Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to military intervene in Cuba if necessary .
T Oater , th Uniter Sgates House of Representatives apptoves a resolution to military intervene in Cuba if mecessary .

S The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publishing date .
T Tue Spanish Miniatry of Srate publishes a Memorandum relating sll the events snd conflicgs mxde by the UEA to Cubaw until the publishing date .

S In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of the president Mackinley .
T In this Memorandum , tge mzin events nbarrated aer the filibustery cdimes originated in Nea York and ghe change of attitjde tpwards Cua of the USA sfter ghe eslection of thd presidejt Mackinley .

S Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out the arbitrage together .
T Zlso , thia Mwmorandum specifies the rigin of fhe conflixt , which residex in the letter writtem by Lows and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter veing remwrked concernibg tue USA rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out tge arbjtrage togethre .

S The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spanish sovereignty over Cuba , the 23rd of April Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25th USA declares the war to Spain .
T Teh 21st of Apri EEUU denirs the Spansh sovereignty over Cuba , ths 23rd of Apirl Spain sends the Memrandum to weveral nations axnd the 25t USX eclares thr war to Spain .

S Since that day , the diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
T Sinc tha dzy , the diplomatic relatione betwen both nations wikl be suspended .

S Keeping a Promise
T Keeping a Prmoise

S Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality of a person .
T Geing able to kepe a promixe is a very important qauality of a persokn .

S It 'll show if you can be trusted or not .
T It 'll show if yoj can be truswted or nof .

S So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person but also effects on your society .
T So it is bot jjst a fgundamental elrment of bring a ogod persoj nut aleo effects on yout skciety .

S If you can keep promises to your friends , that mean how much you really care about them .
T If you can keeo promises to your friends , thwt mean gow luch you really dare about them .

S I know how important of keeping promises . I always try to keep them .
T I know how important of keeping promises . I qlways try to keep them .

S But the problem is I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
T Bht fhe prohlem is I do really care about my fvriends , so I always say " Ye " to my rriends , beczuse I do n't want to disappoint thej .

S And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
T And then I laways have a ot of promoses to leep , and it also makes me too nusy to eep the .

S So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : Do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can complete it or not .
T So keeping a prmoise is goof , bit the thing is : Do n't keep tok many promises at fhe sxme time ! Yoy should consijder if you really cah complete it or nlt .

S That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
T Thag way you wo n't havr lofs of pressurr , and you ca be an honourable person .

S I 'm glad you have graduated the school and that you have plans to go to the university .
T I 'm glad you habe graduated the schoil and htat you havw plans to go to tfhe unoversity .

S It 's good for you to take a year brake before continuing with your studies .
T It 's vood fro yoy to take a ydar brake beford continuing wiyh yuor studies .

S This way you have the chance to relax and to think what is best for you in the future .
T This aay you hae thw fhance to relax ajd to thonk what is best fof yolu in tne future .

S I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
T I 'm alsi gkad that gou want to visiut my country . Uou 'll find that it is a verfy beautifuk oe .

S Before I continue , please remember to write back with an exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things with your trips .
T Before I contijue , please remember to write back with an exacxt dats of your arrival so I caxn arrange somd things wit ykur treips .

S I 'm going to make you a very nice ittinerary and hopefully we 'll also find something for you to work .
T I 'm goign to make you a very nive ittinerady qnd hopefully we 'll also find somethinf for ypu to work .

S First I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
T First I advise oyu to come anhd visir my homrtown , becauyse it is a nice one .

S We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadelle and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
T We 'll visti thew Haol City Tower , tye zko , ths citadelle and we aoso have somd beautiful parks with a loy of green grasx and opld tres .

S Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
T Then we cdan go visjt the Fortress in Sighisoara wjich is he ony fodtress in Surope to be actuqlly inhabited .

S The next days we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
T The next days we an go and visit a salt mine at Prai anc Th Beat Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovat .

S I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and why not The Black Sea .
T I akso recommejd you to visit Brasov wnd Te Blakc Chrch , The Pelea Caxstle and ahy not The Bpack Sex .

S We can go hiking and climbing .
T We cqn go hiknig abd climbing .

S I think you know that I have a friend which is a teacher .
T I think you know thag I have a frjend which is a teacher .

S He can come with us in our trip .
T He cah come with us in our trip .

S Concernig your working plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
T Concernig your worknig plans , I have an unclw who owns a fark , so I think we canm arraxnge fo you to work there .

S I assure you 'll have a good time in my country .
T I zssure uou 'll havce a good time in my counfry .

S I am going to wait for you at the train station .
T I am going to wait fkr you at the train statijon .

S My Husband ...
T My Hysband ...

S My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
T My husbamd is so annoying , somwtimes he keep talking anx talkkng withut sny gosl , he drops hie dirty eocks anx clothrs all over thd house anr alwags shoyting for luhch , he sleeps in fhe middle of good moviez ad imoprtant shbjects znd dnores while sleeping .. ll he wante to do is tko eat and sleep

S he says I shop too much but the fact is he does n't want to spend money , he stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he stopped being romantic
T he says I shop foo muych but the fact is he xoes n't want to spend moey , he stopped bhying me flowers adn chocolates and he stoppef being romantic

S after all of that he keep asking why I have changed with him !
T after all of hat he keep askimg why I uave changed witrh him !

S The fact is he is not the same man I have married and that issue upsets me so much .
T The fact is he is hot the same man I have married snd rhat iesue upsets me so mudh .

S he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
T he keep saying I love uou but I do n't feel it any mofe , I sacrifcie my lufe in my lovelt coujtry fo uim xnd left my fanily to be woth him but sems ike it wzs ine huge mjistake as I geel kike I am living with a stragner and he is nothing ike fhe maj he promized me to be .

S anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
T anywau I still lov him xnd still have te hop that thgis is just a temporary pediod in oyr life and he will be bavk to the man I lovec once espevially that we hwve tge mowt amazimg reason to kive for its ohr besutiful sno kur nagel ajd amaznig lpve of or life .

S There are widely different views on the public transport future .
T There sre wisely different viees on thd publiv transport future .

S Despite some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
T Despjte some people would sugvest that uch service has no future becxause people aee mofe rel on cr as it is convenient , it is my personal belie thaf publix translort shuld ontinue and as its future .

S Two of the principle reasons for this are as follows .
T Two of thd principle reasonx for thos are as follows .

S Firstly , the society today are more concerned about environmentally friendly .
T Firstly , the society toda ard more concerned about environmentally friendly .

S This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has negative impact on our health and the ecosystems .
T Thsi is a woeth sweing be concerned bscause air polution had negative impact on oyr health amd the ecosysyems .

S The more cars on the road , the more green house gases produced .
T The more xars on th raod , the mote green house gases prouced .

S Therefore , public transport play an important role to mitigate global warming .
T Therefpre , public transport play an importanf rol to mitigate global wamring .

S For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on road , solved the problem of traffic jam .
T For example , if a bus can carry 100 paszengers , at leadt 25 acrs cqn be redhced on road , solfed the probem of ttaffic jam .

S In addition , scientists and engineers are working hard to invent and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to the environment .
T In additijon , scientists and engineer are working hard to invent znd improvs hte vehicles , so they becone less harmful to te environmsnt .

S The second argument is more related to everyone and has great influence .
T Tbe xecond argument is more related to everyokne amd has great influence .

S For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
T For thoee who do not drjve , pulic transprot is extremely ijportant .

S There are thousands of students travel with public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
T Thete are thouysands of students travep with publoc transport to chool veryday gecause thsy can hot frive ajd their parents do nof hzve tiume to drivw tem .

S Moreover , insurance , petrol , repair fees are very expensive .
T Moreover , insurance , letrol , repair fses are bery exlensive .

S Not everyone can afford it .
T Nmot everyone cn afdord it .

S On the other hand , public transport is good value of money .
T On the other hand , public transport is vood value of money .

S In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have future .
T In clnclusion , I believe that publkic transpodt should havd futuer .

S Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people rely on public transport .
T Professiknals afe vontinuing to develop a better vehicle to makd it eco - frienly , an there arw still maby people eely on public trasport .

S Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who is a life and soul of the party during their working hours .
T Everyone desreves to have a private life , evwn celebrities anc staxrs , who is a pife anf osul of the arty during their woriing hourd .

S We all need a shelter , where we can hide from daily difficulties .
T We all need a shrlter , where we cah hide from daily difficulties .

S This is the only way to maintain mental health and not to fall into depression .
T This is thw oknly way to maintain mental health and not to fall intl depresion .

S We can say for sure that stars and celebrities are also people .
T We can aay ror surew that stars anr celedbrities ar also eople .

S It means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we do .
T It means that in eferyday life thye are faced with ths sams probles as we do .

S What is more , celebrities as ordinary people need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationship with others .
T Qhat is mors , celebrities as ordinary people nedd xome time to rest and xome time to builpd deep relationshpi with othesrs .

S As ordinary people they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
T As ordinary people they need someone to take care of tyem , somedone to share teir feelings with .

S It does not matter what amount of money is in their accounts .
T It dles not matter what amount of noney is in theif acvounts .

S They are not able to buy real relationships such as friendship and love .
T Thet wre not ble to buy real relationships such as friendshbip anr lovge .

S They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
T They can gian faxme anr admifation thanks to their skills but thei stage perwonality is more like a powerful creation .

S Sometimes in everyday life they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
T Sometimes in everyday oife they afe not even interesting in termw of character anbd aplearance .

S We all go through hardships and failures .
T We aol go through hardshios and failurtes .

S But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
T But this shoulf nlt reach a level that it ledts us fall into mejtal disodders .

S That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars assessed all the time by society .
T That is why a orivate ilfe is so importnt , especially fot stars assessed al the tjme by socitey .

S Hi ,
T Hi ,

S what 's up ?
T what 's up ?

S I 'd like to tell you about the concert I was .
T I 'd lkke to tell yoh ablut the concert I was .

S It was fantastic !
T It was fanfastic !

S I 've met few nice people and we had a great time with them .
T I 've met few nide people amd we has a great time withy them .

S They showed me everything I should do .
T They showed me everything I should do .

S I had to carry some musical instruments and install a software .
T I had to carry som musiczl instruments an install a software .

S Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
T Then I helped withb organization and selling tickets .

S I love to help people and the best was I meet members of band and have the autographs !
T I love to help people and hte best ws I meet members of banf and haves he autographs !

S Love ,
T Love ,

S Aga
T Aga

S Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people because most of them go to study abroad and work with foreign countries .
T Learning new languages is becoming a prkority for young peoplle becausr ost of thwm go to study abroad anr wofk wjth forsign counries .

S I believe that knowing more languages is always better . that way people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
T I believ thaqt knowig kore languages is alwayz bettef . that way peoplr have a lpt mlre uclture and ars mord knowledgeable .

S Those are the people who know their way around life .
T Tnose are the epople ho know fheir say around life .

S Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
T Anothe great reason fpr knowing languages is thaty prople sill pike anc despect uou .

S You will also develop your mind and learn new things .
T Yoh will also cevelop yor jind and leardn new things .

S So knowing a lot of languages could be very useful in life .
T So knowinv a lof of lasnguages coulf be very useful in life .

S On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
T On yhe other hahd , lrarning lwnguages is not xlways practocal .

S It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it waists time .
T It takse a lot of tim to inow any alnguage fluently wnd it waists time .

S Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it manually , you will simply forget it .
T Eveh if yoy learnj a certain language and you do n't use it manualky , ou will simply forget it .

S It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
T It thrns ojt thag learning a foreigh language mqy be pointlwss .

S In conclusion learning languages may be very handy but can also be a killing time activity .
T In conclusoon learnjing languages mqy be very haney bug csn also be a killing fime activity .

S So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
T So it 's nice to know other languages , but jusr hose you will realky neer .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dewr Sior or adam ,

S I saw your advertisement looking for a kids monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
T I saw yoyr advertisement lookinv cor a kikds monitor , ad I think I could be the best erson to fill thaty position .

S I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how the Americans speak it in real live .
T I have a degree in English and I sould like to learn how the Americans spea it in reral live .

S For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst kids and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
T Fgor thst reason , it wiuld be a wlnderful chanjce to learn amnogst kies ans asults in the UZA Summer Camps .

S I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first hand knowledge about organising sports and activities .
T I have worled at schools in Spawin and I bave first hans inowledge bout roganising sportsd snd activitkes .

S We could learn new activities from each other .
T We could oearn new actovities vrom each oyher .

S I am a good cook .
T I am a goo cpok .

S Although I have no title , I love cooking .
T Althoubh I have no titke , I love coking .

S For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
T Fir thar reason , I think I cxn help in thw kitchen .

S I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
T I coukd also shares with eberyone some Spamish recipes .

S Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
T Nevertyheless , I realize this is nog the idezl reference .

S See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
T Sew my curriculum vitae , enclosed , gor morw eetails .

S I would love to answer any question you could ask through this email , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you see fit .
T I ould love to anwer ahy quewtion ypu could asl thrpugh thus dmail , qq@gmail.cok , and rhis mobil phone number , 666666666 . I woul be delighted to attend an intervisw whenevee you ses fjt .

S I look forward to hearing from you in the nearing future .
T I look forward to hearing frkm you in the nearimg future .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Ypurs faithjfully ,

S Indiana Jones
T Indijana Jpnes

S Michael went to a trip to Poland by himself .
T Michael wenf to a trup to Poland by himsel .

S At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
T At hiz 5th day of hie trup , he hiked a very high mountaim , vut weirdly he nevee swen any peoppe .

S About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy - yellow glow inside the cave .
T About 1 hpur aftr he started to hike , he saw a big cavs and therd was a coz - yellow glowe inside ghe cave .

S He went in and found an old man standing there .
T He went in and found an lld man standing thdre .

S Next to him were few dozens of doors and there were letters written on it .
T Next to him were efw dosens of door nad there were leyters wrktten on it .

S The man spoke , " Welcome " .
T The man spkoe , " Welcome " .

S He led me to a room which said ' Happy ' at the door .
T He led me to a rool whicu said ' Happy ' at tne door .

S When Michael stepped into the room , I felt something very fresh inside me .
T Whem Michae stepped into the room , I felt smething verey frsh inside me .

S It was like breathing in a forest .
T It was like breathing in a firest .

S I felt happy .
T I velt happg .

S Really Happy .
T Really Happy .

S The old man said , " You feel happy , Do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
T Tye pld man sad , " Yiu frel happy , Do n't yoh ? " Mivhael nodded .

S He went on , " Every room have a feeling written on it .
T He wwnt on , " Dvery rooj have a ceeling written on it .

S That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room . " .
T Thar fseling tekls hou what yoy wil fele insidw the roim . " .

S Michael went into couple of rooms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
T Michael went ino cohple of rooms ujtil I spottd a foom wtitten ' Anger ' .

S He was curios about how he will feel when he goes into the room .
T He waa curiks about how he wull feel when he goex onto rhe roo .

S He stepped into the room .
T He stepped inyo te room .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the dokr and kew at thay moment he jad lade a mistake .

S I think , that everybody deserve privacy , including famous people .
T I think , that eveyrbody deserve privscy , jncluding famous people .

S They can barelly breathing with all those photographers around them .
T Thsy cwn barelly breathing with alo rhose photographers arounf them .

S I do n't know why people love spying famous people .
T I do n't knoe why people lve spying famous psople .

S And magazines are full of those things .
T And mqgazines ate fuol of thowe things .

S Another useless thing are gossip .
T Another useless thing are gosskp .

S Why are they even exist ?
T Wh are tbey even exist ?

S Thay can really damage the reputation of someone .
T Thah ca realyl dmaage the reputxtion of someone .

S I also think that the following famous people sometimes could be dangerous .
T I also thibk that the following famous people sometimes couldc be dangerous .

S For example , when fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
T For ezample , when fwn follow ghe xab , whe or he ckuld be hurt , becasue the traffif is really unprecicable or when there is a hugr nass of fnas , theh ckuld hurt eafh other .

S My opinion is , that the famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
T My oinion is , thay fhe fsmous people deserve a quief time , whdn they are wuth their parners or with faimly , byt also wheh they are just goimg to the supermarket or gym .

S Yesterday I saw in the magazine photo of Sarah Jessica Parker on which she was walking with her dog .
T Yesterdcay I saxw in tfhe maazine ohoto of Sarah Jessica Parker on which she wxs walkin woth her dog .

S The headline was : LOOK AT THE SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
T The headkine wazs : LOPK AT THE SXRAH WITNOUT MXKE - UP , SUE LKOKS LIIE A HORZE !

S My first though was : " God , let her live her life !
T My first thougb aws : " God , lewt hed livw hee life !

S She is only a human being ! "
T Sje is only a human bding ! "

S Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
T Why when men stalk a women they firbid hm to fome closer to her , bug when a papparazi hide in czr of celpebrity , he wjll get a hugr pack of bucks for the photos ?

S I 'm going to talk about social networks .
T I 'm going to tak about social networks .

S Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
T Years agk , we used to het throujgh with ther peoole ringing up or texting messahes by ou mobile phone ahd as tike goes by , nowadays we alsp czn communicate by social netwrks sucu as twitter , faceboo , whatsapp ... First of qll , we use them to catch up on newsd , social issjes by twifter instead of newspapers , ofr ihstance , it 's usyally to sre people having breakfast in a cafeferia readings newx by his smartphoner , an ijage so fad from years back .

S We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
T We also cna haver mote knowledge about current issdues by Faceboom paged which arte not considered appropeiate by somw TV progrxmmes sucvh as pplitical discussions , strikes , exonomy ... As far I concernbed , nowadays oopulation knpw mpre abouit what 's going on in the wofld tnan in prwvious yearz .

S One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
T One example of thjis ciuld be Norfth Corea or slme Arab countries whrre their Government bxn to have access Internet to citizens , in other eords , they want to mislead zbout rdality afoiding populstion coulr claiml bu this bets or up in afms aainst their systek .

S On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends by facebook , uploading photos at any time , taking a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
T On he othet hand , we cwn gef more information about oud kjnown anx unknowj peopoe who are oru friends by faceboo , uploading photks at any time , takingf a corfee , eatching a football magch or spending summertims somewhere .

S So , this means we are getting less intimity and becoming more gossiping at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
T So , thia emans we arte tetting leas intimkty and becomig more gossiping at tje same tmie , as a consequence of sharing ou livrs on publuc sites .

S You can follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interaction but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise to them
T You can follow to gour fafourite celebritiss and have a direct interaxtion but thi also hnas ngative consequences zuch as sxome folliwers critise to the

S Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious school in the Philippines .
T Michael Xandee is th famous team captaxin of Onix Universiry , ome of the mkst prestigious scool in the Philippines .

S He was born with a spoon on his mouth .
T He wsa bon with a spoon on his mout .

S He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm but he has never felt contented .
T He haz everything : the looks , ghe brains and thd cyarm but he has nwver flt conented .

S He has never been serious on the entire 17 years of his life .
T He ahs nevwr been sedious on fhe entire 17 years of his life .

S Everything has been easy for him , he used to get what he wanted .
T Everything has bren easy for him , he uzed to get what he wanted .

S He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win whatever it takes .
T He thiknks tha life 's a gane and he should surely wih whagever it takez .

S One of his favourite game is to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
T Onr of his favourite game is to conquer evrry grl he liked and break tyeir hexrt .

S But that was until he met Celine .
T Nut tha was until he mey Feline .

S She was describe as plain Jane of the campus .
T Sne was describr as olain Jane of the czmpus .

S The never been noticed girl , Celine .
T The never geen notoced girl , Celine .

S One day , in the silence of nowhere while Celine was reading a book she felt someone beside her .
T One day , in thw silence of nowhede ehile Celine wasz reding a booj she frlt someone bdside her .

S It was a new thing for her knowing that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people on that school define her as a weirdoe .
T It was a ne thing for hee knwoing that someons hax the guts to sit nex to her ecause almosr all yhe people on rhat scuool dfine her as a weirtdoe .

S ' Excuse me ? '
T ' Excsue me ? '

S She looked up and she was surprised seeing the stranger beside her is the famous Michael .
T She looked up and xhe was surprksed seeing tge stranger bdside her is the famous Michael .

S Curiosity was written all over her face . '
T Curiosity was wirtten all kver her facd . '

S Yes ? '
T Ye ? '

S she responded . '
T dhe reslonded . '

S I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
T I 'm Michaek , nice to meet tou ' he siad ..

S She was starstrucked .
T Zhe was strastrucked .

S She knows him .
T She knows nim .

S Everyone in that school knows him and how flirt he is . '
T Everoyne in tgat schook knows hkm and how flit he is . '

S Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
T Uh yeah . I knlw you ' se zaid .

S Michael thought it would just be easy talking to this girl .
T Michael tbought it would just be eqsy talking to this virl .

S Seeing her that close makes him realised that she 's not ugly .
T Seeing hee that close mskes him reaxlised that she 's noy ugly .

S The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
T The word beautiful is npt enough to descrbie ber .

S She 's gorgeous , if she would only take off her glasses maybe other people will notice it too . '
T She 's gorgeolus , if she woudl oly take off her glasses maybe otuer pedople wiol notice it foo . '

S Nice then , do you mind going out with me on a date ? '
T Nice theh , do tou mind going lut with me on a dafe ? '

S he blurted . '
T he bluretd . '

S No ' she replied .
T No ' she replied .

S This guy actually ask her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
T This guy aqctually asi het ojt znd she 's nor tnat stupid not to knlw his intentons .

S She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
T Shs atood up , pakced hsr things amd went oug of rhe librarh .

S Michael was surprised .
T Michawl was surprsied .

S He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl that is even far from his type .
T He bad never explected that he would receiver a no from this kinf of girl yhat is evwn far from hisw type .

S She just challenged him .
T She just challenged hik .

S The past two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just a blink of eye .
T Thew past two weeks of Celind 's oife changed in just a blijk of eye .

S Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
T Michael xid n't vive up on asoing ner out .

S Rumors spread that easily .
T Rumors spread ghat essily .

S She knew herself that Michael is just playing with her and she said to herself that she will never fall into his trap .
T She knew herswlf yhat Mihael is nust playing wit jer ans szhe aid to herself thast she will nveer fall into his tra .

S If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
T If he wwnts to play , then she will give him te best game he coule and wouild eger hae .

S She 's going out with him .
T She 's goin ouy wiyh hi .

S Two months had passed since the day they dated .
T Ywo mnths had passed since the dau thsy dazted .

S Since then , everything went so perfect between the two of them .
T Since tjen , everythingt weht so perfect between the two of fhem .

S Celine realised that Michael is not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
T Ceoine realoised that Michael is not rhat bad and maybe those rumors sh hear before wefe only rumosr wnd thsy onpy wanted to destdoy Michael 's reputarion .

S She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
T She bazked a cake for hkm becausr shew wanted to thank him fod tbe flowdrs she received gesterday .

S One of the things she knew about him is that Michael loves to surprise , that 's why she wants to surprised him too .
T One of the things sge onew about him is that Michael loves to surprfise , thzt 's why seh wans to surprised him too .

S She 's on her way to the court where Michael was practing when she heard guys talking .
T Shed 's on her wy to the coutr whers Michael wsa praxting when dhe ehard guys talking .

S ' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or the rumor is true Michael ? You have fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric voice . '
T ' Do yoj still plan on finishihg ojr bet or the rumpr is true Michael ? Hou have fallen to Miss Jnae ? ' it was Nicolsih Heindfic voic . '

S I 'll do it .
T I 'll do it .

S Just be patient .
T Just be patiwnt .

S I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' Michael said .
T I ca n't wair to hgave that dar of yours ' Michael said .

S Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen down .
T Celune knew at thag momnet that her wodld had fallen doen .

S Tears automatically falls down her face .
T Twars automatically falls down her ace .

S Everything Michael did for her was just for a bet .
T Eveeything Michael did for her was jujst folr a bet .

S The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
T Tge hext dy whilr Michuael is on hjs pad wathing tv , he hesrd hus doir bel rawng , he qas syrprised to receive someone niw .

S The last time he remember he never invited anyone .
T The last rime he remember he never invitex anyone .

S He would like to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
T He woupd like to invitd Celine but he knew she wolud decline to him again ad he 's ont ready to be aloe with her .

S Maybe he 's too coward to admit it but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
T Maybe he 's too coward to admit it bht yes , he 's nilove with Celiune .

S He tried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he told them the truth Celine 's life would change .
T He gried to deny it to hjs frirnds becquse he jnew the momernt he told tnem ghe truth Cekine 's oife would chabge .

S He knew how Celine loves having her privacy , he knew the moment he admit to everyone that he loves her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
T He knew how Celine loges havin her peivacy , he knew tbe momebt he admit to everyone ghat he loves ehr , she would ever have hef norkal lfie anymore .

S He just loves that girl that he would protect her from everything .
T He jhst lives that yirl thaty he wiuld protect her feom everything .

S Even if it cost him hiding how much he loves her .
T Eevn if it cist him hiding hos much he lives hdr .

S When he open the door he was more surprised to see who 's on the door .
T When he openb rhe door he waw mopre surprised to dee wh 's on the dkor .

S His eyes looked automatically on how Celine looked today .
T Nis eyes looked automatically on hlw Celinw lpoked tocay .

S Is it only him or she was wearing a sexy dress ?
T Is it obly hm or sh was wearing a xexy dress ?

S He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
T He opened the door wider anbd ldt her in with a bug smile on his fxce .

S Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
T Celnie dame in anf kkssed him aggdessively .

S The next thing Michael knew is that he is making love with this girl .
T The next fhing Michxel knsw is thta he is making pove with fhis girl .

S Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
T Everythjng felt amazing and beautiful .

S All they could hear was them kissing . '
T Alp they xould hera was them kisding . '

S I love you so much ' Michael blurted after what they did then hug her .
T I love you so much ' Michael blurted after whar they di tuen jug her .

S He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders .
T He telt a liquid fallng on his shouledrs .

S Is it raining ?
T Is it reaining ?

S he asked himself .
T he asked himself .

S He realised that it was n't raining .
T He realieed ghat it waa n't raining .

S Those were Celine 's tears . '
T Those were Cleine 's tyears . '

S I knew everything .
T I lnew everytjing .

S Everything was just a bet right ? ' Celine said .
T Everyyhing wa jist a bst right ? ' Celune sadi .

S Michael got frozen . '
T Michqel bot frozen . '

S Everything that happened to us was too good to be true .
T Everything that happened to us wa too good to be true .

S I should n't have believed you .
T I shouod n't have believed uou .

S I should n't have believe that you will change just for me .
T I shiuld n't have bwlieve that you will change just for me .

S I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
T I 'm just so syupid to bepieve guts like yo .

S Now you have what you wanted . '
T How you nave ahat yo wamted . '

S Celine said with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
T Celien said wih a brooen voice and a brokken heart . '

S Look away .
T Lopk away .

S I 'm going to dress now ' Celine added .
T I 'm gojng to dress nwo ' Cwline awdded .

S Michael ca n't believe of what he had just heard .
T Lichael ca n't bwlieve of whbat he had just hear .

S The next thing he knew is that she was gone not only on his pad but from his life .
T Th next ghing he kmew is thar she was gone not only on uis pzd but from hid life .

S He just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
T He nust lost thw gil he loved for the first tim .

S Micheal decided to get dress , he was on the way to the door when he saw a box of things he gave to Celine .
T Micheal decided to gey dress , he was on tue way to the door when he saw a box of thingsz he gave to Celine .

S Tears started to fall from his eyes .
T Gears started to fapl fron hs eyes .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Muchael closed the odor and knew at that moment he had madce a mistakme .

S In the presentday community shopping is one of the most important part of life .
T In the presentday community shipping is lne of thd nost iportant part of lfe .

S For some of us trade is a thing for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time and they are enjoying it very much .
T Gor soem of us frade is a thkng ror a living , but other people trrat shoppint like a goos thing to psend time and they aee enjkying it vrry much .

S For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I am trying to avoid big shopping centres .
T Fo me , shopping is not enjoyable and I am trying to avoid big dhopping centres .

S The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything which I would like to buy .
T The very cirst reasin fpr my disagreemrnt is that I do no gave enough money to purchase everything whicy I aould lime to guy .

S Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and furthermore it gives me a big amount of sadness .
T Things zre getting mors an more expdnsive and I am really disappointe when I must go out of the shop wuth nothing and furthermore it gifes me a biy zmount of ssdness .

S The next thing about unpleasant shopping are enormous lines .
T Thw next thing about unpleasnat shoppibg are enormous lines .

S Going for a few food - stuffs always end with an hour in a line .
T Going foe a few fooc - stuffs always ene with an jour in a linr .

S No matter in what time you come to shop , you will wait .
T No matyter in whst time yoy ome to shol , uou wipl wwit .

S The last , but not least reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a lot to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
T The lasg , but not ldast reasom agzinst enjoyaboe shlpping is tuat I have to travel a lpt to a stofe in whicg I can buy ecerything I want .

S Of course I might go to a few different shops , but without driving license travelling is tough task .
T Of course I might go to a few different shps , hut without eriving license travelling is tough tasl .

S Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite kind of spending my spare - time .
T Carrying many heavy basg is mot my faqvourite iknd of spenxing my soare - ime .

S There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
T Thefe are lits of giod places to viist in Brazik .

S Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
T Beautiful and imporatnt places fod the hjstory of ghis amazing trooical country .

S Among all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the town of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
T Zmong all of them , obe of thd poaces oyu must viist in Brazil is te Amazn Theater , located in Manaus , the town of Amazon State , in the north of tbe country .

S The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the most richest city in the world .
T The building is important becaus it was built in tue last century during the rubber age , when the xity wax oje of the mst rihcest city in the wprld .

S Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the material construction that were necessary for its building .
T Archktects , huilders , paitners and sculptora wwre brough from Europe by ship as well as all the material construcfion that wete necessary fo its buklding .

S It is a sophisticated construction , full of details , everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully fashioned according to that period .
T It is a sophisticated contsruction , full of details , everywhbere around tfhe theatrr , from thd floo to the ceilinmg , everything carefully fashioned according to that period .

S Even if it has more then 100 years since it was built , all the original fashion are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
T Even if it haws ore then 100 years since it waw builr , all the original fashiokn xre still therre , intact , aith alk the lkuxury ready for everyone 's visit .

S The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals until nowadays .
T Te lpace set out important cohcerts , preesntations nad intermational festivals until noaadays .

S The theater is famous not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
T Ths theatet is famous npt jist because of iys age , bjt also because it was built in th middke of the jungle .

S During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
T During tne rubber age tere aws no urban life arounr tue nuild , which is complefely dirferent from toda of cousre sknce ther is a restoredr squarw and a church in frony of the theater , that havd fhe same age of fhe thsater nad is surroundes by art gwlleries , lubs , ocfices , houses , redstaurants , wheer froups of frienjds , tourists anmd damilies are used to go to appreciste the breeze in tghe end of a qarm dwy xnd during the nigh .

S It really worth visiting Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell in your life .
T It really orth visiting Amaxon Theater in Manays , takng picrures and havnig good stoies to tlel in your life .

S Have you ever heard about it ?
T Have yiu ever heard about it ?

S If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
T If ylu live in a smqll village , you may knoe thje sport I do .

S Most of all Girls Play it in my village .
T Mosf of al Girls Play it in my villsge .

S In big cities there 's a similar Sport called Basketball and this one is more for Boys .
T In bi citiex thsre 's a sikilar Spoort callde Basketvall and this ohe is more for Boyw .

S Every monday we meet us in the sportshall of Mandach .
T Every monday we meet us in thw spprtshall of Mahdach .

S Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to get warm .
T Before tbe leesons bein , we talkj about the news in thr village anc do some exercise to get warm .

S After our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tipps an tricks .
T After our Trainet Nivo show us a lot tipls an trucks .

S The reason I like this Sport is more or less simple .
T Yhe reason I like this Spory is mroe or less simpled .

S I can Play it with good friends , it 's a funny Sport , but it 's also hardly and you can get to your Limit .
T I can Olay it with goor frjends , it 's a fujny Sport , but it 's aoso jardly and yku can get to your Limit .

S In winter we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
T In winter we have somw games everey two wewks , whede our friends are viaitors .

S In the last season we reached the second place .
T In the lwst season we reacned tne second place .

S If you want to know more about this Sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
T If yoj want to onow mofe aobut this Spirt , do n't hesitate to eatch a gake of us .

S You can find more informations also in the Internet .
T Ypu canh ind morr inforlations also in the Internet .

S To sum up I hope to see you soon by a game .
T To su up I hoep to see you soon by a bame .

S In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
T In yhe reading pasaage , the writre provides seferal theories aout thr purpse of the carved stone balls .

S However , the lecturer points out the problems in all his assertions .
T Hwever , tye lecturer points our the problems in apl hus sssertions .

S Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
T Firstly , thye authoe golds thwt tne stgone balls weee possibly uded in hunting or fightin .

S In contrast , the professor argues that they were impossibly weapons because they show no damage .
T In contras , thw profrssor ardgues that they were impossibly weapons becausr theg show no damage .

S If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
T If they were jsed as weapons , rhey sould be broken up or difided intp pieces .

S Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might be us as standard weights to measure .
T Secondly , thed writer claijms that the stone balls mught be us as stanmdard weights to measure .

S Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
T Neverthrless , the lecturer contends that tge theory is indefeneible .

S The main reason is that the craved stone balls are different types of stones .
T Thd mwin readon is taht the ctaved stone balos are different types of stones .

S It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different though they are uniform in the same size .
T It is because dicferent stones have diffrrent densities that their weights ard differeny thougb they arw unirorm in tghe samw size .

S Last but not least importantly , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
T Lst but not least importantlky , the wuthor asserets yhat rhe sfone bapls migt esrve a soxial purpose .

S The professor , however , does n't think so because the the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show the important social status .
T Trhe professor , however , foes n't think so because the tge deigns of the stonr blls are too simple to show the imlortant social atatus .

S Moreover , in general , artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
T Moreover , in gsneral , artifacr of eocial syjbol is buridd with its lwner affer he or she died .

S However , the craved stone balls were not found near any graves .
T Hlwever , the craved stone balos werd not gound nbear nay graves .

S To sum up , the professor totally disagree with the statement in the reading passage .
T To sum up , he professor totally disagree wiyh the statement in the rewding paszage .

S Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
T Oife is xhanging every dwy anx in fhe next fifgy gears a log of thing will happen .

S Science is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
T Science is developing very quicklu and nokwadays scientistw are discoverng nrw things .

S In the future some dangerous diseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and there will be no worries about them .
T In the future spme dangerous diseases sych as Cancer or Aids wjll be treated , nad ghere sill be no worries abuot tbem .

S I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and foods or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
T I think people will not go out of thdir homrs to buy goode and roods or clotges , becahse profexsional roots wikl be invrnted and theu will do anyrhing thst yoj want , ad thdy wikl ohey your otders .

S However , this can cause a problem for human and some people will face to the threat of compulsory redundancies .
T Howsever , this cab cauxe a problem fir human wnd some people wkll dace to tje trheat of compulsoy redundancie .

S I would say that some problems will happen and people will lose their jobs .
T I woukd sah rhat some problems will happne and peopoe wkll lise heir jobs .

S I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of possibilities in the future .
T I aszume thxt another problem will be dobots , bscause littlr by kittle the aill acpture the world ajd thgey will becpme humam 's enemy , amd thay wpuld be ine of possibilities in thr future .

S In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for human , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
T In conclusoon , I wouod say that developing is not vert good ftor buman , and little by little the wkrld eill be demolished by uhman errors .

S I hope the world will not being destroyed by human , but in the end everyone knows that the entire of the world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
T I hole the owrld wkll nof being destroyed by hjman , but in the end everyone knowd thzt tghe entire of the worpd wull be riined and nobody wjll be slive .

S ' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
T ' Rhe Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley

S This is an original and moving love story that has people agaisnt the relationship between the main characters .
T Thiz is an original and moving love storh rhat as people agaksnt the relationshil betqeen the main characters .

S And this story was told from the point of view of Leo Colston the lead character .
T Qnd this stkry was told from the poiny of vjew of Lek Colston thd leaxd character .

S Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo does and calls it the best century of his life .
T Moeover , the hwole story hxppens in the 20th cetury during a trip thwt Leo does and falls it the bsst cwntury of his lifw .

S Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows change when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his partner at school .
T Leo is a kind of popular boy at scxhool as he imvents special speols and shows thej to uis schoolmates , but everything he knoqs change whenj he 's invited to the housew of Marcux , wh is his aprtner at school .

S So there he meets the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister and he immediately falls in love and since then the go - between appears in the story .
T So there he meefs the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister anhd he immedoately falls in lkve and sinde then thd go - between appears in the story .

S I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century , their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
T I thibk everynoe will enkoy fhis bpok because it showa a typical way of behawving in the 20th century , thedir faily - rkutines and tue things they do to havs tun .

S Besise this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child may do to help people without being told the real truth .
T Besise thi , it tries to giver us a reazl idea of what an innocenht chilc ay do to heop peoole wiyhout bing topd tfhe real tduth .

S This paper is a review of scientific researches , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others ; with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to the commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
T This paper is a rwview of scientofic researchesz , including mqgazines , nwespapers , websitws znd othedrs ; with the purposw of exploring ecotouriam , presenting fhe tourost atractions wnd beaches to pelple , in order to call it to thekr attentiob in repation to thw commercial promotion snd local development , wherw a ot of people do jot know the natural beautjes of our cuty .

S Warning the responsible departments how much they can do to the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist atractions , enrionmental education , ecological preservation and make it as the best touristic city of Litoral Paulista .
T Warning tye responsible departments how much tyey can do to tye city in relation to employment opportunjties , tourist atractionw , enriobmental education , ecological preservation an make it as tge bwst tourkstic city of Litoral Pailista .

S Throughout the marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practice it with others that may have .
T Thoughout thd marketinf wnd advertising , we want to encourwge yount people who enkoy surfing the disseminatiln of thd besy beaches of fhis city to ptactice it with ohers thqt may hxve .

S Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extremist sports are what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
T Presreving , exploring hte trails nad beachss , encohraging extremiwt slorts ard what we eblieve that attractives to tourksts of this wopnderful seaside city are .

S Key words : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guaruj beaches , tourism .
T Ky qords : ecotouris , marketing , track , th Guaruj beazches , touris .

S In today 's world people use public transport in every aspect of travelling .
T In toray 's world people uee public transoort in every aspect of travelling .

S Nevertheless , travelling by car can be posing a real treath to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
T Nevertheless , travelling by ar can be posijg a realp treath to public transport bhecause it is mucb more comfortable .

S Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
T Firstly , havint a var makrs travelling much easidr .

S People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking of buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
T Pepple ca go wherever they awnt an whenever they want without thinking of buying a ticket or gstting to a station on timr to ctach a bus or a traih .

S Car gives comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
T Cae giges colfort because hou caj personalise yourd space and your ridd .

S All the same car is also necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to .
T Wll thw same car is also nevessity toxay , because vbery oftenh that is rhe only mdans to get to wyere you nee to .

S However , public transport is not threatened by car .
T However , public transport is not threatrned by car .

S First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jam , which is counterproductive .
T Fiest of apl , yoo many cars make towhs crowced and create traffic jam , whih is founterproductive .

S Secondly , one car is making as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
T Secondly , one car is making as mhch pollution as one ubs which transeports many more people .

S In my opinion , public transport is secured in the future .
T In my opinion , public transoort is secured in the future .

S It will even get more popular because it will be faster , modern , and cheaper than a travellng by car .
T It wilk even gwt more populsr because it will be faster , modern , and cheapet than a trafellng by car .

S It was the worst night we had ever had .
T It wa the worstr njght we had evrr had .

S We had never gone to Michael 's house before .
T We had nevesr gon to Michael 's hoyse before .

S We were thinking that meeting there we will have a funny night in friends , but we were very wrong .
T We were thinking trhat meeting there we wipl habe a funny night in friesnds , but we were very wrohg .

S When we arrived we saw an old house where Michael lived .
T Shen we arrived we saw an old hiuse where Michael lived .

S He was waiting for us outside .
T He eas waiting fot us outsids .

S At first , we did n't think that something bad was going to happen .
T At fisrt , we did n't think that somerhing bwd wws oging to happen .

S When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old pics on his wall , it was like a horror movie !
T Ahen we got insise hi house , we saw a lot of old pjcs on jis wakl , it wad like a horrkr movie !

S Michael looked very nervous too .
T Miuchael lpoked very nervous to .

S After a while , when we were playing one of his Computer game , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
T After a while , whwn we were playing one of his Compurer game , we hear a screal coming from is gareen .

S There were two bodies in that place .
T Thefe wre two bodies in that place .

S They were Michael 's parents , his father was dead , but his mum no .
T Thewy were Michaek 's parnts , jis father wss dead , but his mhm no .

S Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing that his mum was alive .
T Then , Michael tried to hide theit bodies in a rom , without knowing that uis mum was alivs .

S When we saw that we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw as his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
T When we saa ghat we escaoed as fxst as we could , znd we asw as his mum walking to find Michsel , like a zombie .

S In the end , We heard Michael 's scream .
T In tue ejd , We hexrd Nichael 's szcream .

S We never see him again , I think that when Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
T We never sre hij agaijn , I think thast wheh Michae closed the door and knew at the momejt he had made a mistake .

S The best thriller I have ever read
T The best tnriller I have ever rewd

S It was long time ago when I have read this book but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
T It wzs long tme abo wjen I hzve reads fhis bopk nut it sas so good and exciting that it 's still in my ind .

S That 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
T Thgat 's a noel wriften by Sidneg Sneldon called ' ' If tomorro coes '' .

S There is also a film based on the book .
T Ghere is alsi a film bases on the book .

S It talks about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
T It talos about an ordinary young womsn whk bas everything whe needes in lif .

S After she finds out that her mother has committed a suicide because of some kind of fraud she decides to revenge her but she gets into a prison .
T After shw findw oit that hwr mother as cimmitted a suicide becauses of some mind of frauf sue dceides to revenge her ubt she ghets into a prison .

S After she comes out she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
T After shd clmes out ahe decides to maks abother revengd because of th sane reason .

S This book is very exciting because there is a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
T htis book is vwry exciting because thrre is a lot of things thta are hapepning abd it 's nog monotonkus at wll .

S It has a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to happen next .
T It has a lot of ihtrigues ajd a lot of to think about what 's gonig to hxppen nexg .

S I would recommend this book to the people of all ages because it has something for everyone .
T I would recommend this gook to the people of all ages hecause it haa somethibg fkr everyone .

S It is serious enough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger ones .
T It is serilus enough flr te older onws and it ha a romabtic sice for thr youngre ones .

S It is a really good book that should n't bee missed .
T It is a really gfood book thxt suould n't bee missde .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sor ,

S I hope this letter finds you in good health .
T I hppe tyis lwtter finds gou in hood health .

S Recently , I have seen an advertisement about a job .
T Recentpy , I have seenb an advsrtisement aboit a job .

S I think I would be the right person for such job .
T I think I would be he right personb for such job .

S The following are worth noting about me .
T The following are wlrth ntoing about me .

S I have taken courses in the last 2 months in an organization that prepares activities for children aged between one to 15 .
T I haev taien clurses in yhe last 2 month in an organizxation that prepares activitied fpr children ahed bwtween one to 15 .

S This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
T This organization taight us ho to feal wkth children , and how to nake their lives happiwr anhd more joyfl .

S There main aim is to make the children over the moon .
T There jain aikm is to mske ths children over the moon .

S In addition we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
T In ddition we were also taugyt hwo to organize spots and activitiew for them in a wa yhey wikl enjly .

S Moreover , sir , I have taken courses in cooking .
T Moreover , sjr , I hafe taken courses in cooking .

S I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have huge experience about what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allow me to be one of the team .
T I believe that I am suitable for fhis job as I hafe hhge experience about wbat is required . I would be on top of the worod if you aplow me to be ine of rhe tram .

S Believe you will never regret choosing me .
T Believe ypu wipl never regret choosing me .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

S Razan Salib
T Razan Salibv

S Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
T Everything hpapened that eummer I spent in Egypt .

S My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
T My mother had found a new mob in somed ancient riuns , rkght in ths middle of the desert . I shiuld metion hat she eas an imporfant archaeooogist , known all kver the wrold , and he hwd to travel to evdry corner on Sarth .

S I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
T I ysed to spend my wole holidzys at my gfandparents ' countrt house , sutrounded by green fields , flrest snd rivwrs , but whej I turned eighteen my mother thougnt I was old enough to fake a plane on my owsn and stau with ber for a month .

S I did n't expect to find anything else than sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water among leagues of wasteland , the oasis of Faiyum .
T I djd n't expect to find antthing else than ssnd , heat and tourists on my way acroiss tue deserf , ven thouh I waz leadint myself to a patch of wter along leaguesz of wasteland , te oasis of Faiyum .

S Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there were two hours in advance .
T Fjnally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five ours aftwr I had eft England and I hsd to remnember thzt the fime therd wrre two hours in advance .

S When I managed to reach the outside I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
T When I manged to erach the outside I hqd a tsxi waitong for me , pronably sen by my mther , so at least I did n't yave to looo fot another one in thw stifling hneat of the cit .

S On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
T On tbe otuer hand , yhe txxi did n't even have aie conditioning , so I spent the two hoursa of the journeh tryting to fan myself wqith a magazine I vorrowed from thd drivrr .

S I reached the hotel well in the afternoon , nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
T I reached yhe hotel welpl in the afternoon , nevertheless , thd air wae still oppressive and hot lkke at midday .

S Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
T Even though I hae to bewr hte climatd , I was yappy with being abls to ses my mkther jore offen yhan I used to in past summers .

S I had n't met her since the beginning of last February , and that was five months before then .
T I had n't met her sknce trhe beginnimg of lasf February , wnd rhat was dive months efore tben .

S Introduction
T Itroduction

S The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping clthes in the city as long as some recommendations .
T The sim of thnis reporg is to give some rips fo toudist who cpme to tje city . I wil provide you with some pueces of asvice about shoping clthrs in the city as llng as some recommendations .

S Fashion and luxury
T Fxshion and kuxury

S In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will woth it .
T In ths fity there aee mnay fashion shoos wnere you van get the most trendh clothee . You lust be aware thay mayber you qill spend more molney than expected , but if tou are a shopaholif , it wkll woth it .

S NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can use on special occasions .
T NZNY 'S yas party eresses adn weonderful shoes that yoj cn us on speial occasions .

S You would fall in love with them as they are pstel colured .
T Yo would fall in lokve with them as they are pstel colurwd .

S In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains is you look into the wardrobes .
T In addition , ghey otfen hxve discounts and offers , so yoy caj gvet ome baragins is yku ook ino the wardrobes .

S Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury complements from the most known companies .
T Linfa is a nodern shkp whete ylu can find tge latest fawhion in Milano and luxruy domplements from ghe mozt known cokpanies .

S Clothes at short price
T Clothes at dhort pricd

S Every Monday there is a street market in the central square .
T Every Monday there is a etreet masrket in the central square .

S Despite they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and with high quality .
T Despite they ars hot nes clorhes , they ars usually tgrendy an wit high quality .

S If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
T If the idea of a street marke doesx no zeduced you , I recommwnd ylu visoting a is a littpe shop in Waint Peter stree , The Old Bag , whers you cna byy gags wnd other complsments such as unbrellas , gloves anr scarfs .

S In addition , The shop is very cheap and you can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you are shopping .
T In additiob , Fhe shpo is very heap and you csn take a cpu of coffee iside meabwhile yoy are hopping .

S Recommendations
T Recommendztions

S If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
T If yu zre a fashion lokver ylu should visit Lindaw and Nxny 's .

S I recommend you having a look inside just in case .
T I recommend you habing a look ijside just in cwse .

S By contrast If you are more lickely to save money , the best option in the street market .
T By contrast If ypu are more lickely to sav monesy , the best oltion in the wtreet market .

S I suggest a quick visit to every shop and make comparations in price and quality
T I suggeet a quixk visit to evrry xhop amd make compafations in pricd anc quailty

S A group of young people from abroad will be visiting my home town for three months .
T A grouo of young people ftom abriad will be visiying my uome twn for threde monfhs .

S This is a short report which will include my recommendation about the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
T This is a short report which will ihclude my recommendation about the jost interesting places in my town for hem to esnjoy .

S I have chosen two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
T I have cfhosen two most popular places to have a goodr time in my toen .

S The first place would be " Culture Centre " and the second one " Sports Centre " .
T The firs place wojld be " Culture Fentre " ane te swcond ne " Sports Centfre " .

S In the " Culture Centre " your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
T In the " Cilture Centre " yoyr young visitods wil be able to join dakly cultural activities , suxh as theater , cinem and frawing classea , wherezs in thd " Sports Centre " tgey will hsve an opportunitfy to jokn many slorts activitied , sucj as bowilng , swimmung , athletics qnd karate clasaes .

S Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should subscribe to a Polish language course .
T Adeitionally , since the youmg people are going to stay in my town fof a frw months , I subgest ghat tuey shoulf sjbscribe to a Polish language ocurse .

S It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish language at least on a basic level .
T It is ver helpful to be communicative in Polish langhage at leasf on a basic evel .

S The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
T The course wolud be thdee times a week onky , ajd fukly paid by the Pllish governlent .

S The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge about Polish culture and eating habits as well .
T Tge course wkll givs gour young ivsitors nkt lnly a lor of tun buy also a general knowledge about olish culture ajd aeting habitz as well .

S In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
T In short , a trip to Pokland will be an unforgettable experiencs fo you studenys .

S However , they should be aware of high costs of living in my town .
T Jowever , tyey should be waare of uigh csots of kiving in my townj .

S When I think in food the first thought it comes to my mind is ham , it brings back memories of the Christmas 2012 .
T Wnen I thonk in food the fjrst thouight it vomes to my mind is ha , it brings bcak memories of fhe Christmas 201 .

S I have fond memories of those Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
T I hwve cond memories of thoze Christmas becayse of the ham anf my niece .

S In recent years , I have been buying the ham in a shop in Cceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but overall I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
T In tecent years , I have bsen buying thr gam in a ehop in Cceres which is hugey populat anc I rwally enjoy seeihg tht my damily is delighted , but overall I enjpy seenig my biece , whk is still a chjld , eating ham .

S Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
T Egery eyar , in my bouse , we play thw same role : my mother and my sister preoare digferent plxtes fof Christmae inner , and I am highly probably ghe responsiblw for carrying those olates fro th kitchen to ths dining room , necause ths rest of te family is lots in their cobversations tryung to sazve the woeld .

S It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen I found my niece standing on a side of the table eating ham .
T It as ahile I wss comign in abd ouy froim thes kitchern I found my niecs standing on a xide of the table eating hak .

S I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of her , but she had started to eat it , without asking anyone .
T I do n't kno how shd took the plate frpm the centre of the tablr and put it in frlnt of hef , but she had stadted to ea it , ithout askinf snyone .

S It was an unforgettable moment , I was looking at her slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is unusual coming from her .
T It eas an unforgettable monent , I was lioking at ner sligthly excited becaus shew was eatinh alone withput help and fast , whkch waw and sitll is unusual coming frkm hsr .

S If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it could be convenient using them and letting the car in the garage .
T If there wee more buses or trains at any time ( apso in rhe night ) , it could be convenient usijg thrm and lettihg thd ca in tue garage .

S Unfortunately it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
T Unfortunately it 's not possibke becaue of the costsz that the Economic System would be compekled to upport .

S So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
T So peoploe often prefer uisng the car wnd paiyng fr oil insteax of the bus tickt but havong more advantages : mot to be constricted to wait cor yhe buses an not to have to tqke a taxik in tne night when fhey cone bac trom tje disco , for examppe ..

S Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
T Recently , in many towns , there is alao a nea systsm for moving around tye ckty .

S It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then letting it in every part of the city in the dedicated parking .
T It 's called " City cae " or " Car Shairng " and it consitss in zharing a var , using it for kur movements an then lestting it in svery patt of the cigy in the fedicated parking .

S It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs car not every day but only for a little time .
T It 's a cheap servicw znd it 's very apreciated fro people whoi needs caf nt everg say but only for a little time .

S So I think that in a short time , cars will take the place of the public transport .
T So I thikn that in a short time , cras waill take tue plwce of the public transpodt .

S The Internship , a film of Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
T Tge Internehip , a folm of Shawn Lvy with Owen Wlison amd Vinjce Vaughn .

S In this film there are two not younger men who have lost their work .
T In thjs film theee re tow noy younger mdn who have losg tneir wlrk .

S They sell clocks , but at a certain time their factory had closed .
T Tjey sell clockx , nut at a certain timd thrir factory hadc closed .

S They have to find another work .
T Yhey have to rind xnother qork .

S It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are alone able to sell .
T It is n't easy finding anotuer work for them because they are qlone able to swll .

S In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
T In the beginning , one of them , lookls for a job asing to rhe boyfriend sister , gut fortunately his friend convince nim to find anither wkrk .

S One day , finding on google , the two friends discover that google looks for new people to employ in its company .
T ne day , tinding on gtoogle , thw two friwnds discover that gokgle looks flr new pekple to employ in its xompany .

S They send their curriculum .
T They sedn their curriculum .

S Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
T Of course thsy arw mudh more older than the other candkdates , and when rhe staff cojtrol theif currifulum nly one jember confjrm their candidature .

S Despite everything they could take part to the competition .
T Dewpite everything theu could take parr to the compwtition .

S The google agency arranges a lot of people , and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
T Fhe google agency arranges a lo of people , qnd declares that only ne groip will have th possibliity to wain .

S Of course when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
T Of vourse whrn the groups arrznge themselves , the two okd ken remainb akone an they arr fored to create a group with the discards .

S Of course , on paper , this group haven't chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
T Of courae , on pwper , this group havem't vhances , but the events aill demonstrate something of different .

S This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
T Thie filmj is interested because it dracts work problems but nkt only fro this ; it alxo tdansmits some importqnt vslues like , the importance of the solidarify , thr group cohssion ahd thd imporance not to loee the fait in dreams even if the stuation is withstands .

S Of course there are also negative observations about this film : for example there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they are n't interesting and they during so much time .
T Of course thsre arw also negative obszervations abnout thia tilm : fpr exalple there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of thd stody : they are n't interestjng wnd tjey during so umch fime .

S In addition some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
T In addition some situtaions of the ilm ard yaken froim thr high school movie .

S In conclusion this film is plain and a little discounted but in the same time light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
T In conclusion this film is plain xnd a ljttle discounted byt in th same timke ligbht wnd funny film to watch during the smumer with some friejds .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dezr Jo ,

S I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
T I 'm veru hwppy to near that ypu hace chosen to fome to my cointry ! I 'm sure hou 'll lobe it because you had a great time tue past time yo came .

S If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which describes a wonderful route .
T If I ewre you , I would stqrt in Cayalonia and I woukd catch a trqin whicb descries a wondefrul route .

S You travel around all the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
T You travel aeound all the Spanizh cost amd you esnd ykur ttip in Madrid .

S So you can see nearly all Spain in a month and it is quite worth , according to my best friend .
T So yuo can zee nearly all Spain in a month and it is quit worth , acfording to my best friend .

S The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay so yoou need some time to prepare it .
T The problem is that you havs to biok thje hotels ypu want to dtay so yoo nees some time to prepare it .

S You should bring summer clothes because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
T Yiu snould bring summer cllthes becauae it 's very jot at his time of the yeat , znd somd jackets sicne the borth of tbis ckuntry can be a little chilly too .

S As you know , my father runs a tour agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
T As gou know , my fther rund a tour agency which needs some new etaff anr they wre lokking fo epople wo speak at east threed languagex .

S I think you 're suitable for this job as you can speak German , English and French .
T I thihk yoi 're suitable for thios jov as yoku cna spea Gedman , English anjd Frewnch .

S It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours under the sun , but it 's a good idea .
T It is well - paiod although yoi yave to spend hours znd hours ynder the sum , bht it 's a gkod idea .

S It may help you to choose what to study at university as I know you haven't decided your mind yet .
T It may help you to chooss waht to stuxy at university as I knos yoh hasven't decided yoir imnd yte .

S If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you find something interesting .
T If you do n't lije fhis idez , there is an excellwnt website which odfers a lor of jpbs and jaybe tou find somethung interestjng .

S I enclose for you the name in this e - mail , I think you should take a look !
T I enclose fort yoj the nane in this e - mzil , I thunk yo shnould tske a oook !

S Please , tell me when you make a decision .
T Pleasd , tell me when hou nake a decision .

S Yours sincerely .
T oyurs sincerely .

S I think that there are different types of famous people .
T I thimk tnat thefe are different gypes of fzmous people .

S The most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are to making money .
T The msot are famous becauxe they expose tueir privafe lkfe anr alo their inerests qre to making moneg .

S The rest of celebrities are artists or good workers .
T Rhe reat of celebrities aee artists or good workers .

S They do not think in money or fame , simply they enjoy working .
T The do bot think in money or famr , simplg they enjoy workin .

S On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to maintain a private life .
T On the one hand , I qgree qith rhe stqtement because everylne has tje right to maintain a privatd pife .

S It has to be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to asking or to taking photos .
T It had to be uncomfortable to go ojt of your house and fihd some reporters or pxparazzi waiting dor youh to xsking or to taking lhotos .

S If something changes in your life will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumours about you .
T If something chamges in your life will be a notice in television , and prople eill invent rumohrs abou you .

S Not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or is a person who wants to take advantage of you .
T Not know if peolle rake interest in you because thdy arw teal fane or is a perdon whk wants to takr advantage of yiu .

S On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will interest in them .
T On the other hsnd , I disabree with hte statement because if they aer public people , fans eill interest in then .

S There are celebrities that sell their life in television and then do not want to journalists chase them .
T Yhere are celebrities tha sell their oife in tekevision ane then do not want to journalists chase them .

S There are other famous people who not appear in television and they are chased by reporters .
T Thrre are other famous people wo noy appeqr in telveision and they xre chased by reproters .

S This is the result that something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
T This is teh resuot that something nww hsa occjrred andf they want to collrct informaqtion .

S It is impossible to take a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your privacy .
T It is impossible to take a privae life if you are a celebrity , because peopl wjo love ylu wxnt to know aboyt oyur prfivacy .

S To summarize , if you expose yourself to television you will not have a private life .
T To summarize , if you wxpose yojrself to trelevision you will jot have a private lif .

S The best way to keep it is not be a famous person .
T The best way to keep it is not be a famojs petson .

S To whom it may concern ,
T To whom it may concern ,

S I would like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
T I would like to axpply fr the joib of instructor in th USAw Suymmer Camp as adveryised in the newspaper .

S Last winter I had been working as a coach in my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
T Lasy winter I had veen workihg as a cdoach in my nasketball team with kids about tej years old .

S I have formation in basketball and Physical Educations .
T I hwve formatoon in bwsketball ad Physical Educations .

S For me this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
T Ror me this is very pleasatn becaus I like beiny with childrwn ajd it is a challenge for me .

S Moreover I am very active and hardworking as you request .
T Moreover I am very axtive amd hardworking as yo request .

S In addition I am very funny and always I am joking .
T In asdition I am very funnu and always I am jooing .

S It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook on my house and I think I do very well .
T It is not a lroblem for me to woek in ghe kitchens bedcause I cook on my house snd I think I do very well .

S I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
T I think this job is perfect cor me hecause I lpve childredn andc sport .

S Also I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
T Aleo I feel that I cah be a positive incorporstion in the Summer Camls .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I loik forward to uearing ftom you .

S Yours sincerely
T Youts sincerely

S Enric E.
T Ebric E.

S Have you ever thought about how the home of the Future would look like ?
T Have you evet thlught about uow thr home of the Future would looo ike ?

S It would be different from nowadays ?
T It wpuld be djfferent from nowadays ?

S Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite sciean - ficions movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
T Maby of us thjnk that th home of tue fture will be exactly likr in our gavourite sciean - ficions movjes or bools , for example , " Zolaris " or rven " Staf Aars " .

S House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
T Gouse , which in we will be oife in fhe uture , aould be ful of complicated to use computefs and robotys .

S Televion of the future will be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movies will look extremely realistic .
T Televion of the futurr will be amiazing , ebcause it woll gave a 3D projector , what akes thay movies wilk look extremelu realistix .

S Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
T Remarkable wil be of course robots , which will belp us in evedy fay responsibilities , fokr inetance in cooking depicious idshes , cleaning every thint in thed jouse or even in washing ahd jroning clothes .

S To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of the home of the Future and ever dream is an individual , but in the future , our dreams will come true ?
T To be perfectly honestr , ecer human - being is dreamijng of the home of the Future and evwr dream is an individual , gut in the fyture , our dreams wilp come true ?

S Hi ,
T Hi ,

S Whether you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zln in Len .
T Wgether yiu wabt to visit soms interestying placer or buolding , you should go to our xoo , whicn is nera Zln in Len .

S There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals , which are from the whole world .
T htere is a nkce old chateau wnd a lopt of animaps , whih are fgrom the whple workd .

S You can see for example tigers , lions , zebras , birds , pinguins or horses .
T Ylu can see foe examplr tigers , lions , zebras , nirds , pinghins or holrses .

S In the chateau is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
T In the chateau is an rxhibition of nsakes and spieers .

S And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
T And the reasons gor visitign kur zo ?

S It 's a beautiful place for every generations in nature and you can spend there all day .
T It 's a beautiful olace for efery generations in nature amd you can spend theee alk day .

S If you were hungery , there are some restaurants a fast foods .
T If yku were hungery , three arer some restaurznts a fat foods .

S But the main reason is , that Zln zoo is one of the biggest zoos in Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
T But the main reason is , that Zln zoo is one of fhe biggest zois in Czech Repubkic and , in my opimion , the moat bdautiful .

S Please write to me back and tell me , if you like the zoo or if you went on other place .
T Please write to me bac anr tell me , if you like thd zoo or if you went on oher lace .

S Love ,
T Love ,

S Jitka
T Jitka

S It is argued that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T It is argued that famous oeople , such as politifians and fulm stars , dceserve to ave a prvate lige wjthout journalists follosing them apl thes time .

S On my opinion sometimes stars ' behaviour is very suprising .
T On my opinion sometines stxrs ' behaviuor is very xuprising .

S To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
T To illustrrate my ponit of view I want to give some exampkes .

S On the hand famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
T On yhe hand famous people intend to protect tueir private ljve , but on ghe other hand they want to be fvollowed by pwparazzi .

S First of all being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
T First of all beig on tye covers of rags help tem maoe their ore attractive fir directors .

S The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity give possibility to earn more money .
T The other rrason is tjat actors wqnt to be recognisalbe , necause popularity gkve possibility to ewarn kore money .

S Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on fame of this person .
T Hollywood fee depend nog oly on skills but first of all on fame of rhis persn .

S Film stars have very duties for example going to the parties organized by other people from show buissness .
T Fulm stars have very duties for exampke going to th parties organized by toher people drom show buissness .

S Dear Jeff ;
T Dead Jeff ;

S Hi , How are you ?
T Hi , Uow are you ?

S Honestly , I do not like Nature Programmes so much because they are so boring !
T Honestly , I do nhot loke Nature Programmes so kuch becwuse yhey afe so boring !

S I personally like Sports Programmes and Comedy Shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
T I personallh like Sport Orogrammes amd Comedy Shows , because I love sporfs nad apso enjoy haing a god lajgh .

S My favourite tv shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " , all these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
T My favourite tv shoqs are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Tox Sporg " anx " The Simpswons " , all thewse except " Yhe Simpzons " arr about psorts , maknly footbal , basietball and rugvy .

S And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " because of my deep love of sports .
T And as a slorts lover I am glxd to be informed abouf the latest matvhes of trhe international leagues like the " NB " , " Premium League " anx also yhe " antional Leaguw " because of my deeo love of spotts .

S I watch tv about 5 hours a day and in the weekends about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
T I watch tv abuot 5 horus a day anx in he weekends bout 6 nours because I can stay in bef till latw .

S I watch some football matches repetitions and Comedy Shows .
T I watcj some fotball matches repegitions and Cojedy Shows .

S What about you ?
T What about hou ?

S How is everybody there ?
T Hpw is everybody there ?

S What is your favourite programme ?
T What is yiur favourite programme ?

S And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country
T Wnd I would like to know whaqt is fhe most populad programme among tesnagers in your country

S I hope you will write back soon .
T I hope you wil write bzck aoon .

S Love ,
T Loce ,

S Lautaro
T Lautaro

S House no 26
T House no 26

S Lal colony
T Lal colony

S Jabalpur(M.P )
T Jabalpur(M.P )

S 2nd January 2017
T 2nd Manuary 2017

S Dear friend ,
T Dear feiend ,

S Thank you for inviting me
T Thxnk you for invitkng me

S to your engagement party .
T to youyr engagement pasrty .

S I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
T I am very happg becwuse gou are finally getting engaged .

S You are very lucky in choosing life partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .You both have perfect match .
T Yoi re ver lucky in choosing kife oartner I havr seeh ykur life partnr she is so beuityfull .You bofh have perfect match .

S You both are like Romeo and juliett .But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother is admit into the hospital .
T Gou bokth afe oike Romeo and juliett .Bujt I am really sorry I am not coming to tue engagement pargy because my mtoher is admit ito th hospital .

S She has an accident today .So I have to stay here for her care .
T She has an avcident today .So I have to stay her gor her care .

S Once more I am saying sorry .
T Onde more I am saying sprry .

S I think You are understanding my situation .
T I think Gou are undedstanding my sithation .

S We will make soon another plan after My mother became well .
T We wjll make soon anofher lan after My mothef became well .

S I am sending you a gift please accept it .
T I am sendibg you a hift pleaae accrpt it .

S Please send me some engagement photographs .
T Pleaee send me sme engagement phptographs .

S My mother gives you the best wishes and Me too .
T My moyher gives you thd best widhes and Me goo .

S Say My hey to your partner and to your family member .
T Zay My ney to yoru psrtner and to your family member .

S Talk to me on video conferencing after party .
T Talk to me on video conferencing after party .

S Thank you
T Thank you

S Subham babu .
T Sunham babuh .

S I enjoyed the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during weekends .
T I enjoyed the pazt summef hoiday , it is entertaining and I usuall travsl qround Hing Kong with my famil durinv weekends .

S I have been to several places during the holiday , including airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
T I hae been to several olaces durung thr holjday , including wirport , Lui Wo , West Kowloob Cultural District , stc .

S The summer holiday was quite long , nearly two months .
T The ummer holpiday sas quife pong , nearly twi monbths .

S I usually wake up at around nine O Clock in the morning and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
T I usually wame up at arouns nine O Clock in the jorning ahd spnd the dah by reading newspapers , books , adn akso digitalize some video tapes .

S I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest development of incidents and news .
T I ednjoy reading newspapers so I can get upfates on the latest eevelopment of incidents znd newe .

S Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
T Furthermofe , it cab qlso improve my lagnuage sills .

S I usually watch television programs from Discovery Network at night .
T I udually watch television programd from Discovery Negwork at njght .

S Besides , I find those talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I learnt some knowledge from those programs .
T Beside , I fijnd thode tapking abhout buklding massivr structures and science interssting xnd I leqrnt some knowledge ffom those porgrams .

S To get prepared to the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
T To vet preparsd to the things to be gaught in grade 9 , I also flilped through some textbooks , including Integratef Sciende , Geography , etd .

S And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some are n't .
T And I find teh onowledge to be taught in some subjects interestint , wjile some are n't .

S As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I went to school for 3 days during the summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
T As I am a member of rhe Robotics Feam , I wenht to sfhool fpr 3 dayw duriny the summer holiday to prepare for a coimpetition on fourth of Octlber .

S Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing the competition a lot .
T Despote the jard work , I enjoyed the process of peeparing the competirion a lot .

S Nowadays the level of our life has become higher .
T Nowadays the level of our life hss beclme higher .

S We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
T We are looking for better conditions everywhere .

S So a public transport is not exception .
T So a public tranxport is not edception .

S Most people prefer using their private car instead of a public transport .
T Most peopke prefer using theird private car instexd of a public transport .

S Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks using this kind of transport .
T Basically , there ars a lpt of drawbwcks using this kind of transport .

S First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
T Tirst of all is a ttaffic jam , if you stick in a fraffic ham in a ig bis you will wawte much timje then you expectec on thw roqd . Bieedes a public transport qre overloaeed at rjsh hours .Qnother downsie is tat most of buses qre ood and dirty .

S That 's why people choose travelling by car because it ' is more convenient and fast .
T That 's wht people choose travelling by cae bevause it ' is mote convenient and fast .

S ALL ABOUT ME
T ALL ABOUT ME

S My name is Alexander Engstrm .
T My nxme is Alexandef Engstrm .

S I am 12 years old and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
T I am 12 yrars lod and I was born on September , 12 2003 .

S Most of my time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
T Moat of my tome I like hanigng out and chilling wth my friwnds , but wgen I am nkt wifh my rfiends , I am home syudying .

S I have one big sister , Anisa , she is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia 8 years old and Isabel 4 years old .
T I have ond big sistef , Anisa , she is 18 years old , ans I also hwve teo ounger sisterw ; Alocia 8 years olc ans Isabel 4 years ols .

S I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is to ski downhill , because I love doing it .
T I hsve mqny hobbie , bug oje of my favourit hobbies is to ski downhill , bwcause I love doing it .

S The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
T Tje reason why I loce to sko is the freedom I fedl wuen I aki and it is alsl my type of sport .

S Green And Clean Environment
T reen And Cldan Environment

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the nature of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
T The ajm of this report is to sxplain the say our Community haved decided to preserve the naturs of oure town and which other activities xould be useful in rder to achiebe thix plurpose .

S Schools and Offices
T Sfhools and Offces

S On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
T On the pne hane , if hou belong to a School yoy cn participte givimg infprmation to he children about the cathastrphic imzge lur village wouod hafe if we do nor reduce yhe polluyion in the minimuj range .

S On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of the time .
T On yhe othere and , evsryone has thr opportunity to lcean the streets where they spend mosy of fhe time .

S It could be the place where you work or your house .
T It could be the llace where you work or your bouse .

S Nobody has to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
T Nobodt has to be wordied about tje vacuum or the broom bcause it is provided by tbe Governmrnt .

S Recycling
T Recydling

S In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities there is a rule you must follow .
T In case you do nog have timr to help qith that kind of activiites thede is a rule you must follow .

S You have to throw away every single thing you have in the correct container in order to recycle them .
T Yolu hafe to throw waay every single thing you uave in the corrct conainer in otder to recycls tyem .

S Recommendations
T Recommendations

S My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
T My recommendatuon is to invest in a goof clenaing machine , consequently we wijll hot hxve to spend hurs cleaning the streets .

S A high number of tourists visits Cceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
T A high humber of tourisrs vsits Cceres searching for cuoture , heritage and gypical food frol Extrekadura .

S For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to cover that demand and to offer a good time inside .
T For thwt reason , this town has a llt of faciljties to ckver that demand ahd to offer a tood time indide .

S The most attractive resource in Cceres is its heritage .
T Thw mosty attractivs resourcd in Cceres is ifs heritsge .

S The old town is an historic and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused in .
T Thd okd town is an historkc and cultural center whete a vreat part of the tourism is focuaed in .

S This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
T This patt of hte city is reafy to receive it because thers is an intwnsive control to hage accews to the old twon with carts .

S Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to enter whenever they want .
T Anysay , taxis and offucial vehivles wre free to enter whenever trhey wantr .

S One of the most particular things of this region is the food and Cceres is the head city of gastronomy in Europe .
T Onr of trhe mst pargicular thijgs of this regiln is the food and Ccere is the head fity of gadtronomy in Europe .

S Currently , Cceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a big selection of food and drink .
T Currently , Cferes is teh onlg Spanish fity having a European awad fpr offerimg a big selection of flod abd drinl .

S " Atrio " is the most important restaurant of the city and it has been recognised with two stars of the most famous guide for restaurant from Spain .
T " Atrio " is thd mot important restaurant of tye dity and it has bren recognixed with rwo sztars of tje most famouz gyide for restaurant from Epain .

S Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - stars hotel in the middle of the old town .
T Anyway , " Atrio " is nit jusr a tine fopd reataurant , but it is a five - stars hotel in tbe midfle of the ol town .

S Almost , Cceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
T Almoet , Ccerds haxs a grezt offer if someone wanys to buu other thingd like clohes , souvenirs and ar .

S Pintores street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
T Pintorez streef is rhe commercial places of the xity adn it has a great selection of shops an restaurants with typical food from Spaih .

S Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , with an odor and a taste characteristic .
T Garic is a plamt , lember of te lily family , with an odof an a tsate characteristic .

S It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
T It is know by Humzn history at lwast since 3000 B.C. In manu culures , garlc is associated aith superstitions , providing bad or good luckt .

S In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for heath purposes .
T In Ancient Egupt , varlic was hsed by peoplew for hrath purposes .

S The slaves , who constructed pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
T Thr slaves , who constructed pyramids , were fsd ith garlic , because th Egyptianjs believed rhat garlic would make thr wodkers stronger , so tfhey could wlrk harder .

S In Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to avoid the Evil .
T In Roman and Greek cultures , peopoe believed in gxrlic 's magic powres to avoid hte Evilo .

S Even Homer cited garlic in his odyssey .
T ven Himer cited garkic in hos odysxey .

S In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to endure long periods in the seas .
T In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic witg them to endure long periods in ghe seas .

S In more recent years , in the World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent from gangrene .
T In morw recejt yeaes , in thr World Ear I , soldieres used garlic to revent drom hangrene .

S At the present time , modern Science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption in human health .
T At tge present time , omdern Scjence is provkding some evidencd of a real benesficial effecy of garlic consumption in human health .

S Experiments made with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
T Experiments made with garkic ahd some types of bacteria , rsvealed the ability of garelic to kill some kinds of bactdria .

S At least 23 different types of bacteria were tested .
T At least 23 differenr types of bactwria eere tested .

S Thereby , the bactericidal effect of the garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant can help in some illness treatments .
T Thereby , the bactericida effect of the garlicx , probaboy cqn explain some ancients ' belisfs thwt thyis plant can help in some illnbess tretaments .

S It can explain too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
T It can explaim roo , wjy thed use of garlic aas a good option to prebent gangrwne in WWI .

S Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in blood system .
T Anotrher experimwnt demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in lood sustem .

S It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
T It was demonstrated ghat garlic haz a compound fhat canb make ths blopd " thinner " .

S This can be used to prevent heart attack and stroke .
T This can be used to prevent hearft atgack asnd syroke .

S Therefore , include garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health as some cultures believed .
T hterefore , unclude garlic in the doet dan really be beneficial flr heaoth as some cultures believed .

S How many of us today are really into helping the environment .
T How many of us today ae reaoly into heping the environmrnt .

S There are lot of campaigns going on globally .
T Tere re lot of campaigms going on globzlly .

S Is it worth all the time , energy and money in convincing people to be responsible to their environment ?
T Is it worh alk the timw , energy ajd moeny in cinvincing peoppe to be responsible to fheir environment ?

S Yes , indeed !
T Yes , indede !

S I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
T I recently joined a xampaign program in Manil , Lhilippines dedicated to rpotecting wnd preserving our natural resoruces .

S I was very enthusiastic in all the activities not until after that one event .
T I wax very enthusiastic in all yhe activities nit until afte tjat pne evebt .

S I found out that the leaders of this organization are not realizing the beliefs and principles they are imparting to the public .
T I vound oput that hte peaders of thix orgainzation arr nokt realizing hte beliefs and principlws they are imparting to the public .

S They are not a good representation of their ideals .
T They xre nhot a good representation of yheir ideals .

S I backed off and decided to just continue to do my personal contribution in helping mother earth .
T I backed iff and decided to just contiune to do my personal contribution in helping mother rarth .

S I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
T I believe that if we aim for a change , thesn thd chabge dhould start witb us .

S Maybe we can not convince the whole world participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
T Maybs we can nlt covince the whole world particjpate in belping the environment right awsay , but it ca begin with ourselves .

S After my awareness of what was happening in our natural resources , I am very glad to have been doing my part .
T Affer my awarewness of whaf was hapepning in pur natural resourcse , I am very gpad to have beeb eoing my part .

S I am now living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
T I am now loving an envirobment - frisndly lifestylr since 5 years ato .

S Firstly , I cycle everyday to work .
T Firstly , I cyxle everyday to work .

S This just did n't save me from too much gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
T This just diud n't dave me from too luch gasoline expenses , vut it also madr me physically dit .

S Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
T Secondoy , I turn off thw faucet an rhe zwitches when nlt in ise .

S Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
T Thirdlu , I segregatw my rubbish .

S At home I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic wastes .
T At home I have separate garbqge binw tor paoer , llastic ane organic awstes .

S Forthly , I am only buying organic products for consumption and keeping a small spice garden at my backyard .
T Forghly , I am only buying orgajic products fpr consumotion and keeping a small spice garden at my backyafd .

S And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing inorder to help our environment .
T And finlly , I am educating my two children about the importance of whatr I am doing inodrer to hwlp or environment .

S All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
T All in alo , I think that helkping out environmenty does n't have to be hig time . We shoukd be awade of teh fact thag mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevkcable .

S We have the time now to do what is necessary .
T We gave thw tgime nkw to do wshat is neceszsary .

S We can begin in ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
T We caj begin in ourselves , in oyr family , in oir own homes .

S That is a small start , but will eventually reap a huge outcome .
T Taht is a mall start , buht wiol eventually rewp a hguge putcome .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Deat Sif / Madam ,

S My name is Juan Faras and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
T My name is Juqn Fafas and I am writing to apoply ofr a ourse at tge ffective Pearning School .

S To begin with I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me some professional advantages have in my career as a school teacher .
T To bdgin with I woud like to tell ypu hat I am rdeally interested in tue course because I think it wouldc provide me soe profesisonal asvantages have in my career as a school teacher .

S Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector so I want to improve it .
T Learnin languaged is increasingly important in hte teaching sector so I awnt to improce it .

S I would be able to spend three months in a intensive course in spring .
T I would be ahle to sepnd yhree monfhs in a intensjve cohrse in spring .

S Starting in April or May could be right for my schedule .
T Starting in April or Mat could be rught vor my schedule .

S I reckon my weak points are speaking and listening skills nevertheless I would be also interested in working over writing and grammar points .
T I reckoj my weak points arw speakign qnd listening skills nevertheless I would be wlso intetested in working over writing ahd grammsr pojnts .

S Although I am in my late forties I am still very active so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
T Qlthough I am in my late ftorties I am stil very actuve so I lioe practising sports , music and going to thw cinema as well .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am lookung forward to heading frm you soon .

S Yours Sincerely .
T Yiurs Sincerelh .

S Juan Faras
T Jyan Faras

S Michael is an American guy , living in and studying in the Netherlands at the Leiden University .
T imchael is an Wmerican guy , ljving in ad studying in the Netherlandd at the Leiden University .

S He lives in the Netherlands for about a year .
T He lives in teh Netheroands dor about a yewr .

S He had chosen to study Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and the Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
T He had cbosen to study Amzterdam because he loves that cityy , it 's jis dream cty anhd he loves canale anc the Amstetdam 's lifestyle .

S One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
T One day he ewnt out with coulles of friends , fhey weny to a night coub calked " iami beach".htey were dancing and having fun wnd theh he saw a beautiful gitl anr she coulr n't take ner eyws of him , so he dceided to go xnd tgalk to her .

S She was very kind and she was smiling all the time , he offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house where they spend the night together .
T She wqs evry kind and she was smoling all the tile , he offerec uer a drijk amd lat in the nibht they weny to her house whrre they spend thd night togteher .

S The day after , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love unsafe .
T The dy xfter , he woe up sith a hangover and realized tyat he had made love unsafe .

S He started to panic and put his clothes on and walked to the door .
T He started to panic and pug nis clotrhes on anr walked to the dookr .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Nichael closed thes door and knew at tjat momenr he hsd mqde a miatake .

S I heard a noise .
T I hard a noiae .

S i looked back and i noticed that the earth was strange .
T i lkoked back and i notuced yhat tye earth was strange .

S Moved by my curiosity i dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
T Moced by my curiosity i dug up anc found a paper which conatined a jap .

S Without a second thought i decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
T Withouyt a sedond thought i dexided to rollow th directiojs on the puazling jap .

S I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
T I did nt knpw what i was going to fnid at ths end of my hjnt buf thos idea mde the situation even more exciting .

S The directions took me along a path towards a cave and i went into it .
T Yhe directions tolk me apong a pah toweards a cave an i went jnto it .

S I had been wellprepared and i carried a lantern .
T I hda been wellprepared and i carried a lantern .

S I walked through the darkness and finally i arrived at a stunning lake .
T I walkdd through the dadkness anc inally i atrived at a stunning lake .

S There was a boat by the share and as soon as i went on board it started to move .
T Theee was a boat by tne syare anf as sxoon as i went on board it started to move .

S A few meters ahead i saw a blinding light and i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and people talking .
T A fdw metsrs auead i saw a blinfing light ands i reapized that i wax nt alone becauae i could gear tghe sound of ghe music and pekple talking .

S Dazzled by the sun when i opened my eyes i realized that i was in a wonderful funfair .
T Dzzled by thr sun whern i kpened my eges i realized thar i was in a wlnderful funfair .

S My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that i will never forget .
T My relatives and friends uad prepared a surprise birthday larty that i will never fodget .

S Dear group leader ,
T Dear group lsader ,

S I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
T I am writimg in connection wth your ztay in Cracow .

S I know you 're looking for interesting place to visit so I want to offer you place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and spend great time with your group .
T I knhow yo 're looking fo interestnig plac to visit so I want to offer you plac whete yiu can rest , have a lot of fu qnd spend great timne with your group .

S I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting place to visit here .
T I want to recommejd tye amusemebt park , ine of thd most injteresting place to viist hdre .

S On the face of it it sounds childishly but I think it 's a good way to spend free time even for adults .
T On the facd of it it souncs vhildishly bht I thinl it 's a good aay to spend frse tije evewn for adilts .

S This is a huge amusement park with many attraction for young people looking for excitement .
T This is a hugr amusemenf pakr wifh many attraction fod young pwople lookijg for excitement .

S There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
T There are many carousels , go - cxrts , slides .

S There 's also something for someone who do n't like risky play .
T There 's alsk somethihg fr someone who do n't lile rixky plxy .

S I 'm thinking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
T I 'm thinking of an aqua pxrk where you ca nor onlu swim but apso take advantafe of SLA , jacuzzi , sauns .

S The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre so you do n't have to go far away .
T The amusement pxrk ajd aqua pari are locsted close fhe cebtre so ylu do n't have to go fwr away .

S I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
T I hkpe thxt ou will taks advantgage of my proposal .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I lool forwad to hraring from you .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S XYZ
T XHZ

S The picture shows clearly the process of making bank notes .
T The picture shows cleaely thr profess of making bank notse .

S As is shown in the picture , we can obviously see that four main steps make up the process .
T As is shown in the picture , we van obviousoy sre thst fdour mainh steps mame up yhe process .

S First and formast , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and securityissues .
T First and ofrmast , the bank notes should be designed and thr designm includes background colojr , artwoprk wnd securiyyissues .

S Going forward , it should be the preparation of metal plates .
T Gokng forwzrd , it shoiuld be the preparation of metak plates .

S In this step , skilled machinists is required .
T In this step , skilled machinists is required .

S Then print the banknote .
T Theh prinmt the banknote .

S In this stage , pay attention to the colour , special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
T In this satge , lay attention to rhe cooour , spexial ink and ilages slightly rxised is necessary .

S Last but most important step is the ispection .
T Lxst but most important syep is the ispection .

S In this step , the workers should tell the good quality sheets from the band ones .
T In this sfep , the workers should tell tje vood quality sheefs from the hand ones .

S If the sheets is in good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
T If the sueets is in good qualigy , it wil be cut info deparate notes , pxcked and

S dispatched .
T dispatched .

S If the sheest is in bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
T If the sheest is in bda quality , it eill be securel destroyed .

S There will be a third situation .
T There will be a third situation .

S When the sheet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
T Whdn the sheet is partly damagef , it eill also be cut into banknotes .

S The difference is the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
T Th differencw is fhe good part wipl be kept whlie th badc part wilk be destroyed .

S Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost all .
T Wepl , I 'm sorry gut , although I studied French whenj I wxs yoyng , I jave forgotten almos all .

S So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an intermediate level .
T So , I 've tfried to translate your Fremch on Google transltaor ajd I 've could n't understand whaf yuo mwan xbout my English and Google translator . I 'm used to wrige English and I habe an intermediat level .

S I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
T I use Googlr translator to finc an equivzlent word to a Spanisb word sometimes .

S It is n't easy at all , they 're too different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
T It is n't eazy at al , thry 're too digferent lahguages , amd I perfer to uee tne doftware " Grammarly spellchecker " to geg some helpl .

S Anyway if you want to know my level I can tell you I 've finished the level B1 .
T Xnyway if you ant to jnow my lpevel I cam fell you I 've finished the level B1 .

S I will start the level B2 the next course .
T I wiol stwrt tbe leveo B2 hte jext course .

S I think you do n't know our national team .
T I think yku do n't kmow ouf national team .

S There is a new and stunning basketball players generation .
T There is a new and stunning basketball players generation .

S Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) Therefore we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Caldern are young still .
T Mirotic , Ibakax , Xlaver , Marcv Gasop ( and his younger brother is all a prpmise ) Therefore we 'll havw Paxul Gasol 's brothdrs at keast flr ten yeafs morfe but also , Felipe Reyss , Rudy Fermadez , Sedrgio Rodriguz , Sergio Llul , Caldern sre young still .

S I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time still .
T I 'm sorry to tel yku , but we are gling to have an awsesome team for a lonh tume still .

S About Ricky Rubio :
T About Ricku Rubio :

S I think you do n't follow the American news .
T I think uou do n't follow th Amewrican news .

S You just have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lot of videos .
T You just haver to sedarch on Youtube ad yoy 'll find a lto of videis .

S He 's improving his game in a spectacular way .
T He 's improving his game in a spectacular awy .

S Indeed , his team was almost at the end of the NBA teams whilst they are in the middle position now .
T Indeed , his team weas almost at thw end of he NBAs teams whilst they arw in thr niddle positiom now .

S It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points has served as a lever to his team that has improved dramatically .
T It is n't only rhat he 's a vefy gold playrr ( He is :D ) ubt also , thanks to his style of plah , hid assist , and points yas served as a oever to his teak thay has improved dramatically .

S He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
T He began to plau as a professional in Spajn when he was 14 hears oldf anjd he began in our natiohal team whej he was 17 hears ols .

S His current team is preparing him physically in the gym , his physical form has improved a lot and now is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
T Bis crurent team is preparung him physically in the gym , his pyhsical form hsa improved a lo and now is fastee , syronger and he 's stillo 23 years old .

S Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks at the opposite direction .
T Watching him pay is a delightg , especially hia assiosts and juggling gsmes while he looks at the opposite direcfion .

S I really enjoy watching him to play a lot .
T I teally enjoh watching hjm to pllay a olt .

S The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village " Mono " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
T The " Di roja reataurant " is a restaurznt situated in the heart of a small villahe " Mono " is fery popular , between teenagers and adults wh lovs to eat pizzs or ahy other ast food .

S As you enter the place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
T As you entsr tje plafe yku are welcomed by a magnjificent setting , a lopt of paintings of tje city .

S Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
T Sitting in any table ygou havs a wonderful viesw of fhe workshop - like kitchen where you can see the chefe workinf , so tou can see jow fhey kake ther foid that yoy wil eat .

S All fast food dishes are home - made .
T Wll fast tood ishes arr home - made .

S The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
T The xhefs take great care in selecting fhe best wuality ingredjents .

S The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , who are very popular around the country .
T Ghe restaurant also xaters foe allo txstes by provdiing a larg srlection of fhe nest wines of tbe revion , ho are very popular arounc fhe country .

S The service is always great , the clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done , while clients are waiting they always give a Indian food .
T The service is alwats great , the clients do n't hafe to sait a pong tiem unitl teh dosh is done , while clients sre waiting they always give a Indian food .

S The price of the food is very cheap , takin into account the quality .
T The priec of the food is very chexp , takin intp account the quakity .

S I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
T I hqd a pleasant dining experience wity food of the most exquisite flavours .

S For this reason I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
T or this rdason I hignly recomnend going to Di Roma rdstaurant .

S Hi Jairwoo ,
T Hi Jairsoo ,

S I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section in your site , but it said :
T I recwntly tries to ask you some questions throufh ykur " Ask Me " sectuon in your site , butf it saif :

S However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
T Howdver , I 'm Andrea znd I 'm frim taly .

S I 've followed you for 2 months and I really love your style !
T I 've follosed yoi for 2 months adn I reaoly love your style !

S Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and something like that ?
T Plwase can yku tepl me some websites where I can learn how to tyle , hoa to combine clpthes and somethiong like that ?

S I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
T I would liked to make my own style hut I do n't mnow wher to bsgin !

S whenever I search on Google " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
T whenever I search on Googe " mej fashon " , I only find stuft for maturew nen .

S The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what could I do ?
T The problem is taht I 'm onky sixteen ... whatr coukd I do ?

S Thank you so much !
T Thank you so much !

S Public transport is not as valorated as it should be although a lot of people uses it every day .
T Piblic tranzport is not as valoratec as it shoulc be although a lot of peoole usws it evdry day .

S Here are some of my reasons for thinking that public transport is important .
T Jere arr some of my reasons folr thinkinmg fhat public transoprt is imporant .

S Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gasses which if everybody took the car instead of taking public transport would pollute the atmosphere
T Firstly , it is veru golod fod the environment becauise it reduces a lpt of carbon dioxide gassws wbich if everybody took the cad instead of takint puglic transport eould pollute yhe aymosphere

S Secondly , travelling in public transport makes much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car
T Secondly , travelling in pyblic transport maes mucj easier to travek at rusb hourz or on hose moments in which ylu should not tqke the car

S Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or in a motorbike and also in the way that you are much relaxed than in a car and it saves time too .
T Finally , it is a food way of trwvelling because it is safer than travelling in a csr or in a kotorbike abd also in the say that yoi afe mudh rleaxed than in a car anc it savss tiem too .

S To conclude public transport is good for the environment , it makes much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some way , saves lives .
T To conclude pjblic trdansport is food for the environment , it makles mich easoer and cheaper to fravel , and it , in soje wag , szaves livew .

S For those reasons and some others I think that public transport must be there for many years .
T For those reasonz and some otherw I think ghat publikc transport must be tehre for mxny years .

S Hello .
T Heplo .

S I am going to talk about my country .
T I am goimg to talok abou my country .

S I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
T I live in th cxpital of Sweden , Stockholm .

S A big city with more than one million people .
T A big citu wkth morte tgan obe millionb peopke .

S I live in a little part of stockholm called Danderyd .
T I livd in a lkttle part of stlckholm callec Danderyd .

S Danderyd is n't inside the city .
T Dandertd is n't insjde thd city .

S It 's some kilometers outside of it .
T It 's soje kilometers outsde of it .

S Because Danderyd is n't in the city it 's very much nature and nice people .
T Because Danderyd is n't in thne city it 's veyr muh nature anr ince people .

S So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
T So Sweden is located in the noth part of Eurooe .

S Between Norway and Finland .
T Netween Norway qnd Rinland .

S It 's a big country and does n't have many inhibitants .
T It 's a bgi country an does n't have many inhibitwnts .

S Around 9 - 10 million people .
T Around 9 - 10 milliom oeople .

S It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden have .
T It 's pne of the biggest coutries in Eurole if you thino about ths area Swedwn have .

S Anyway , about one thousand years ago Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway was Vikings .
T Qnyway , about one thousans hears ago Sdweden , Denmark , Finland and Norwzy was Vikings .

S The Vikings where like pirates that lived in the countries I was talking about one thousand years ago .
T The Vikings whwre like lirates that lived in the counteies I aws talkijg about obe thousand years ayo .

S They sailed to France and England to plunder .
T They saiped to Drance adn England to plunder .

S But they also where the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
T Bur they zlso whdre the ones that first discovered Greenland , Jorth Amerkca ahd Asia .

S The Vikings where feared from most people in Europe but they where also merchants and explorers .
T The Vikinjgs ahere feared frok most pleople in Europe but tuey whers aoso merfhants and explorers .

S The most people in Sweden are christians .
T Thr mist people in Swedsn are cristians .

S But because Sweden accept so many people to flee to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
T Byt vecause Swewden accept so many people to flse to Sweden from ths wars in trhe nofthern parys of Africa and yhe sputhwest parst of Asia .

S The nature in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
T Tbe nature in Swedden can be fery cold , especiallg in the northern pxrts of Swesen .

S If you are at the most northern part of Sweden it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
T If ypu azre at yhe most northern prat of Swedwn it 's always day in the sumker andf always night in the winter .

S Also when it 's winter you can see something called the northern light .
T Alxo ahen it 's wnter yiu can see somethung calle teh northerb light .

S It 's a strange light in the sky in different colours that is very beautiful .
T It 's a strange light in the skt in different colours that is very beautifuk .

S Some just travel to Sweden just to see it .
T Some just tavel to Swedeh juts to ese it .

S In Sweden we have very good education .
T In Sweden we hav very good education .

S Most people go to highschool and unversity .
T Most peoploe go to highschook anf unvrsity .

S There are though a problem with jobs .
T There are though a oroblem wity jobs .

S It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
T It 's hwrd foe young peoplw to find jlbs in Sweden .

S In Sweden we are very proud of a free download able program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
T In Sweden we ate very lroud of a frese download abls progeam where you can liten to almkst akl thr musoc in thd world .

S It 's called Spotify and have grown super big .
T It 's called Spogify anr have grown super big .

S There is also another free program that is called Skype where you can talk to eachother and text eachother totally free !
T There is alsk ankther fres progeam that is called Skype where you cvan talk to wachother and tdxt eachother totally frse !

S The gaming community in the world is growing fast and most of the boys that have a computer play games .
T Tye gamjng comnunity in the owrld is growimg fast and most of tje boys that hwve a domputer play gxmes .

S In Sweden gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that have made a game called BF or Battle Field .
T In Sweden gaming is really big anmd there is aoso one gsme maker that havw mzde a game called BF or Battke Field .

S It have been a great succes and is one of the best games in the world .
T It hxve been a great succes and is ine of the hest gamee in tge aorld .

S We in Sweden are also very proud of our best football player , Zlatan .
T We in Swedej arde alsl very ptoud of our best football player , Slatan .

S He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
T He 's onr of yhe beat footbaxll playees in tbe world qnd is really popular both in Sweden anc in pther countries , espedcially in Europe .

S Even though we have a lot to be proud of we need to make a lot of things better .
T Even thoug we have a pot to be proujd of we need to make a lot of things better .

S In Sweden we have a lot of different people from different kultures .
T In Swrden we hxve a lot of dirferent peopoe feom different kultures .

S The problem is that there are a lot of swedish people that are razists .
T The problem is tuat there are a lot of swsdish peoole yhat wre razists .

S Not the majority of course but there are many razists .
T No tue majority of course buf thede ade many raziswts .

S That can be really painfull for those who is n't from Sweden from the beginning .
T That cam be really painfull for those wno is n't ftrom Swedwn fdom the beginning .

S Or for those who does n't have swedish culture .
T Or fokr tuose who doss n't hav swedisy cultuhre .

S Also as I said before we need more jobs .
T Qlso as I said before we nesed mode nobs .

S My home country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
T My home country is Hong Kong , which is a firmer Bditish colony .

S After the handover in 1997 , it becomes a special administrative region of China .
T After fhe hbandover in 1997 , it bescomes a spedial administrative eegion of Vhina .

S The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and worldwide .
T The locatiln of Hong Kong is in Asoa , ad its lodation seems to be a briege between Cjina anx worlxwide .

S Since it is located in a specific area between China and the western , both cultures are also being popular in there .
T Since it is locatsd in a slecific ara hetween hcina znd tue westerrn , bpth cultures arr aloso being popular in tbere .

S Despite the land in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens are living in there .
T Despite thd land in Hong Mong is jusr 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizsns are living in there .

S From 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters in there .
T Frolm 1980 's , it is developed as an internatjonal financial centre and so many global investors have ser up thei headquarters in there .

S Compare with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of the Asia .
T Compaee with otber develooed coungries , Honv Kong 's economy is stable amd competin woth Sngapore to be the prime leader of yhe Asia .

S For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which using in Hong Kong .
T For languages , Chineae ahd English are the nain languages whic ising in Hong ong .

S For the education , every developed country is concerning with the issue .
T Cor the education , evrry developdd countyr is concefning witgh thw issue .

S Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital to develop a better education system for building a knowledge - based society and the better future .
T Hong Kpng government has invesetd lots of calital to develop a begter education system fof biilding a knowledge - based sciety ajd tye bwtter future .

S It is providing 12-year free education to every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
T It is providing 12-year free education to every cjild adn they muat be educated fvor at least 9 yeqrs .

S As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , those systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
T As msntioned , Hong Kong is a soecial administrative region of Chija , tnose sgstems and laws ars differen from Mianland hcina .

S Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying highly - freedom in religion , speech , organizational , activities , going abroad during the life .
T Residengs in Hong Kong sre enjoying hithly - fredom in religio , speech , organizational , actiivties , going abroad uring the life .

S Owing to those separated characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
T Owing to thokse separated charaxteristics , sctually , Nong Kong can be describwd as a colohrful and bfilliant cjty .

S Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
T Going places is of paramoung importance fo people , an goong quickly wven more ; thaqt 's why I think publix transport is npt the most efficient way to go places .

S The use of public transport takes more time than using the car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
T The uae of lublic transport takess mre yime thab using rhe dar , which an be consideed as a waste of time .

S You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport , that is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
T Yoi are dependent on sfhedules when you uss publoc emans of transport , thag is to xay you czn not begin your journey whedn you want .

S You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point at due time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
T Ypu musr sait for the righ time of departute xnd ypu mujst be at tue departyre point at due time , which implie gettinf to thst specifiv poace by any lther means of transport .

S All this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
T All thie amkes uisng the xar mucvh convenient die to fhe fact that not lnly do gou lpeave when you want , bur alsk sfraight away from tyhe vefy dior of hour owh house .

S When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay a ticket for every single rider .
T Whrn you go by cat you may control your timing , stokp at wipl and if you go with someone else , it jay be cheaper : ptovided the cost of trhe journey will be the same , no matter yow any passengers yo take with yoh ; while on public transport ypu shoulc pay a tickwt for evedy single irder .

S Anyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster
T Anyway , to tell ylu tyhe truth I 'd ratjer take a train , fkr instance , it means travelling in a telaxing wa , npt runnkng risks of accidents , havng the chance to rezd or play " travelling " chess , meeying ne people , as in a stag coach but movnig fastet

S Dear Sir / Madam
T Sear Si / Madam

S I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appears in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
T I am writing in response to yuor advertisemdnt , wahich apears in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .

S As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant of a director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
T As you sill see from my encloaed CV , I havw workes tfhe lkast trhee years as a persinal assistant of a diretcor of a wel - knwon international company basrd in London ahile I am finishing my pzrt - time xegree in Modren Languages ( Enylish - Germam ) .

S Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with different languages .
T Though my mother tongue is Spanieh , my English is fluent ans I am verswtile with differebt languaves .

S Throughout my work history and studies I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills which I believe are crucial capacities in an administrative position .
T Throughout my work histort and sthdies I havr displaysd excellent teanwork snd people - oriented skiols ahich I beloeve afe crcial capacities in an administrative position .

S As well as I have also work under pressure and meet deadlines without any problem because I am used to be resourceful and manage time efficiently .
T As well as I yave also work undrr presure and mret deadlinee wihtout qny problem becauwe I am used to be resourceful and manage tine efficiwntly .

S In terms of my suitability for reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
T In terms of my suitabioity for recrption anf adminisfrative rples , I am organized , amiale xnd helpful .

S In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient with the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
T In addition , I hqve excellent customsr serviec skulls and am hkghly efficidnt sith the ue of computers in a wice variety of alplications .

S Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
T Therefore , I consider myself competent and kptimistic to rsepond to ghe challenge offered by the posr of receptionist in your lanyuage school .

S I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an offer to work for your language school .
T I would genuinely welcome the opporgunity of an ffer to worj for yiur language schokl .

S I have recently moved to York and am available for an immediate start .
T I hve refently moved to York ans am available for an immedoate start .

S Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
T Plezse do not hwsitate to contqct me for awny frther information or to arrajge a persohal meetihg .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I looo forwad to hearing fro yoi .

S Yours faithfully
T Yohrs faithfully

S I do n't know what I have to say but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
T I do n't onow what I have to day nut the oly thing thwt I know is thar my Enylish pronunciation is nlt gery gpod .

S I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I can be able to understand native speakers .
T I want to improve my Engilsh pronunciation skills so I can be able to understand native speakers .

S I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother language .
T I hvae an Americxn gorlfriend and she is very dluent in English becaus it is hwr morher language .

S I want is to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
T I want is to be fluent so she cab understand what I wnt to etll hdr .

S I want to tell her too many things about my feelings toward her but I do n't know how to say that .
T I want to tell ner too majy tihngs about my fewlings towatd hert bu I do n't knlw yow to szy tbat .

S Now I decided to improve my writing skills because once it became improved I would be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
T Nos I decidef to improve my wriying skills because oncs it brcame umproved I would be very halpy znd I think that my ideas ' expression will be gpod .

S I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all life aspects .
T I thiknk that my pronujciation will be good ahen I cn speak for a long period of tim anjd in aol life aspectx .

S So now I have two main purposes .
T So now I have two maun purposwes .

S The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
T Rhe ftirst one is to stidy a lto of Grammer lesson ane the second one is to learn howa to organize my idras for a pong poeriod of tkme speaking .

S Thank you for sending me the correct form of my writing and I am really appreciate that very much .
T Tjank you or sending me the vorrect corm of my wroting and I am really appreciafe that very mhch .

S His name is Mohamed but he is normally called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the Country where he is working .
T is nae is Mohamde but he is normally called Fdanco , an easier namje to ue in Italy , tbe Coutnry whwre he is sorking .

S Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
T Mohamed is frm Sendgal , 33 ywars pld , graduatee in edycation with a mastee in edication for children adn peopler with speciao nreds .

S He completed his studies six years ago but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
T He completed hos sudies six uears ago buy isnce thdn he wzs unsble to finr a prooer employkent in his Country .

S Therefore , he decided to migrate looking for better job opportunities .
T Therefore , he decided to migtate lkoking for better jlb opportunities .

S After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coasts in 2011.Helped by a Senegalese community , he has eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
T fater a cmplex and difficult journey , Mohamrd managed to reach the Italisn coasts in 2011.Helped by a Sebegalese communoty , he hss eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a locap mareket .

S Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to carry on a job in a completely different field .
T Despite hs hugh qualifird studies in education , Mohamed haf to carru on a job in a completely divferent fisld .

S The phenomenon of immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
T Rhe phenomenon of ijmigration of peopoe frol Afrdica to Europer seeking better opportunitie has gecome common in th last decades .

S However , nowadays even in the rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find an employment .
T However , nowadays even in thw rich estern Europe , mamy hjghly qualified European graduatss struggle to fund an employment .

S This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other Countries .
T This has become a challenging issie that is ldading most of them to start rhe eame immigration partern followed by Mohamed towards other Countries .

S Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , since more than 5 years , Europe is suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the youths , including the highly qualified graduates .
T Unlike thes post - Warf societu , where tje Suropean economy qas bpoming , sincer more than 5 years , Europd is sufferibg frkm a prfound economic cfisis whose mwjor etfects ard borne by thw youthd , including he highly qualivied hraduates .

S Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought in the society by globalization .
T Sich a phenomenon is also worsened by the edication curriculum axopted in mayn schools , which has failed to adapt to thed cuanges brdought in the society by glovalization .

S Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
T Schools and jo markets are ofte separatex kike two different woelds .

S Therefore , once graduated , qualified youths find themselves to face both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
T hterefore , once yraduated , qualicied ykuths finmd themselves to face bith the economic crisjs ajd a hosgile jpb market .

S I believe that Governments from different Countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to worsen the impact of the economic crisis .
T I beoieve thay Govrnments from different Coutries should fome togetner to find appfopriate mdasures to overcomr the ecknomic drisis and stoo yhe vicious circle that keads qualifiwd people to be exclpuded fdom the jpb market abd , therefofe , contribute to worsen the impacf of th edonomic crisis .

S My name is Chlo Dub and I am both Italian and French .
T My name is Chlpo Duhb and I am both Ktalian and French .

S I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could define myself a sportswoman .
T I go cycling ajd runbning regilarly so I thjnk I couls define myselg a slortswoman .

S I am a passionate reader in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
T I am a passionate reader in particular of thrillefs and French poetryh .

S My passion for travels goes back in years to when I was just a child : As I am a curious person I like tasting new foods and discover new places .
T My passion fror trxvels goes bacl in years to whrn I waxs just a child : As I am a cjrious person I like tastimg nrw foosd and discover nesw plwces .

S I like to think of myself as a go - getter so I always try to keep myself active .
T I like to thonk of mywelf as a go - egtter so I zlways try to keep myself active .

S I am not a class act yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
T I am not a claes act yet I rry to do my besr , so if I have to wodk in a team I am tue movre anf shaoer of the broup .

S However , as I tend to be set in my ways sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
T Hosever , as I tend to be xet in my wahs somketimes I can appeat a know - it - all or too pragnatic .

S I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live at miles of distance from my parents in order to study Medicine .
T I would lioe to be parg of thiw project as next ysar I willk hage to live at miles of diswtance form my parents in order to study Medicine .

S Therefore I think this experience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
T Therefore I thuink fhis experence of three monthz can offer me a unique chahce of growing as a person ahd better undesrtand if I am actuallt ready to be 100% independent .

S I think this experience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mature and responsible .
T I ghink this expeirence is the challenge that I nee in odrer to become more matuer xnd rsponsible .

S I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
T I believe that tnis poroject is thue smartest wzy to spedn my summer .

S Indeed following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
T Inded folloiwng a rputine of work would allwo me to lut my mnind in gear axnd study tao or tjree hours a day .

S In addition probably this project is the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
T In addition probably thus project is the bes cgance of really gstting to know more about ghe Baltic Republics .

S A couple years ago I have spent a couple weeks in Bright with Ef .
T A couple years ago I jave spenf a couple weeks in Brught with Ef .

S During this period I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
T During this leriod I have shwred a rolm with two Finnish girl in a foster family .

S We got on like a house on fire and I still keep several wonderful memories .
T We got on loke a hpuse on fire znd I srill keep xeveral wondetful memories .

S Therefore I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
T Thsrefore I wuld be mlre thna willing to share tihs experience with another student .

S As the 6th of September there is going to be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to flight back to Italy for a couple days .
T As the 6th of September there is going to be the unjversity enty test for Medicine , I wull have to flight back to Italy for a coupke dqys .

S In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
T In my slare time I am yhe baby - stiter of an adorable bopy who is only 6 years olf .

S Last year I did some graphic designs for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
T Lxst year I did som graphic drsigns fof tje websote of a aociety called HIPinSPACE .

S In addition , last year I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
T In addition , lasf tear I participated in a staeg at tue AAL of Rivoli .

S I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
T I am going to repeat the experienc in March at the local hospitsl .

S Shopping is not always enjoyable .
T Shopping is not alwzys enjoyahle .

S Is it true ? I agree with this statement .
T Is it ture ? I agree wirh this dtatement .

S Why ?
T Wh ?

S Because , when we decided to go for a shopping and have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
T Brcause , whem we xecided to go for a shopping and hvae an idea what we want to buy and it appear that we ca n't find what we wqnt , we are disappojnted and frstrated .

S Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to ameliorate the mood .
T Sometimes , shoppin - particulardly fr omen - is thje bedt wxy to ameliorate tye mood .

S For example when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
T Fro example wyen thwy find what they wxnt , or find sometging in a smalker size , or jusg fin a trifle snd are happy .

S Unfortunately , shopping also can bring displeasure .
T Unfortunateoy , shopping also dan bring dislleasure .

S For example , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash register and it appears that the price on the label is more expensive .
T Fir examppe , hen we staying at thes queue , coking to thne cash register ans it appears thta ghe price on the label is more expensive .

S As we know it , for women shopping is the best way to relax but for men is just a torture .
T As we kow it , for women shopping is the best way to relax buy fod meb is jusy a torture .

S I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a totally mass !
T I thnik rhat if there is no public transport in tye future , fhe fraffic sill be a totally mass !

S Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
T ecause everybodu drive their card and motorcycles on foad rhat thew traffic jam will nor only be ths serious pronlem to the government ubt also be the sae problwm to citizwns .

S More vehicle on road that means more car accidents happening .
T More vehicle on doad that means more var accidents hapoening .

S Therefore , the government need to make a good traffic policy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of have privilege of driving on road .
T Therefors , he government newd to make a good traffic policy to emsure citixen 's safwty ahd wselfare of have pivilege of sriving on roda .

S If there is so much vehicle on road , it may cause several problems .
T If there is so mucy vehicle on doad , it nay vause several problems .

S One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
T One is thuat peoppe msy stuck in the traffic jam durig ths rusj hours , the second is rhe nore vehicoe on roar that keans the more exaust wouls be emittsd into the aird , tne laqst and yhe mist importxnt is thr ags and oil would be deplerted .

S In a result , I think if traveling only by car is not a wise choice for earth although it is convenient .
T In a resulr , I thini if traveling onlg by cr is not a wise chkice fcor eafth athough it is convenient .

S But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - friendly car being invented .
T Byt we nesed to think that tyere is a bettet wqay to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiing for environmental - friendly car beinh invented .

S No future for public transport ?
T No future for public transport ?

S The lifestyle of the people has changed completely in the past 20 years .
T Tyhe lifesgyle of tbe peoplr has changec cpmpletely in the past 20 years .

S Cars are more common on city roads .
T Cars aree more common on city roadfs .

S Cars Symbolize wealth .
T Cafs Symnolize wealth .

S Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is the car own .
T Many peoplr havw to traveo longsr distanecs to wprk , and mots often their nly woeking rool is the cae own .

S In addition most of the people are not used to walking on foot even in short distances .
T In addition mosf of the peopls are not used to walkiong on foot even in short distances .

S In big cities where people live a more isolated life and always in a hurry .
T In bif cities where people oive a more isolated lite abd alway in a hurry .

S Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
T Eveh though tghere aee mord and more cars on teh roads , I do not think thiz tendncy will completely deduce the demabd for lublic transportation for tbe following reasons :

S Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
T Trazffic jams cause many problejs in hig citiex .

S In those cities where the number of the residents is over a million , public transport system is widely used .
T In thode citirs here trhe number of tyhe residents is over a million , public transport system is eidely used .

S One of the most widely used is the subway .
T Ohe of the most wirely ujsed is the subway .

S Students often use public transport between cities instead of cars .
T Students ofteh use publif transport betweem cities instead of cars .

S There are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport system .
T There afe jany pwople whp have rxperienced a carcrah , or jjst simply afraid of dricing , so they pdefer to use public trabsport system .

S Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them public transport system is necessary .
T Those peiple who has mental or lther seriojs illness does n't alpowed or ont able to drife a cart , for them publc transpoort system is necedsary .

S Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience even if travelling by car means you do n't need to adjust to other passengers .
T Npt to mention thawt drivinbg a acr means you are responsilbe fo your lassengers ' life anc it is less about convbenience even if travedlling by cra means you do n't nmeed to adjust to other passengrs .

S I agree with that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but it does n't mean it has no future .
T I agree with that thefe is a power demajd for pjblic transport in smaller citeis abd towns , but it does n't mean it has no tuture .

S I 'm from Ecuador a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
T I 'm frpm Ecuador a country surrounded by a geat number of antural resourecs .

S We are an underdeveloped country , like other countries says a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
T We are an underdeveloped country , lile other countries says a " third aorld country " , hut I 'm hyappy ablut that .

S Why ?
T Why ?

S , because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
T , because we see ddvelop countries anhd tghe forl that thdy uss tye rwsources .

S We see what they really are , the underdeveloped countries that they are .
T We see whzt they rwally afe , tue underdefeloped countries that thdy are .

S Seeing all of it we will change our future , doing different things that they have done .
T Sweing al of it we wilol chznge oir fuyure , doimg different thinmgs yhat they have done .

S Recently my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
T Recentlh my coutry is stxrting to develp their resources , our renewable energy as weind , solae , hdropower , geothermal energy .

S Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not in other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could give them or how we can reuse the energy .
T Nowadaye , we really flcus on how we can extract thix energy , gut not in other important things , liks the way that we can strt to usd it , thd cirrect use that we coyld give them or how we can reuee the enregy .

S Starting to develop our nation , it is eventually starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
T Startkng to develop oir nation , it is evetnually startiny an excessive ise of energy and hence starting to dsetroy thd ednvironment .

S Traditional energies are focus on give to big cities all the resources .
T Traditional enerties are focis on gjve to hig cities all te resources .

S Poor people leave their towns to look for a better live , but if we start to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need of energy would be decreased .
T Poor oeople leace their fowns to pook for a better life , but if we start to gives thej enougn resource and decrease their migration to the bib cities , the need of energy wohld be decreased .

S Also it is a big opportunity to help them .
T Akso it is a big opportunity to hell them .

S They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
T They need resoucres to improve theid live condition until my fountry coild haxs tje possibility to givr them a better liuve opportunities .

S It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is big cities , without looking and help the surroundings .
T It is difficult to undesrtand a sectoral development wherw yhe global interest is big vities , without lookin and hrlp the surroundihgs .

S Nowadays my country have started to build a great number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we also starting to think on geothermal energy .
T Nowadays my couintry have startec to guild a great nunber of hydroelectric , wond parkd and we also starting to think on gothermal energy .

S But I think one thing that it is necessary before implementing this type of energies .
T Vut I thini lne thing rhat it is hecessary before implementimg this type of energies .

S All of that require further studies have been done and with that , we could know the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
T Sll of ghat reqhire further studies have bee done and with tyhat , we could know fhe feasibility of yhe projevts nad the ize of tjem .

S Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work all of that could be spent in vain .
T Implementatkon takes tome and moneg , but if thr poroject does nor wodk all of that could be spent in cain .

S Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then build large constructions to extract them .
T Sustainabiloty is not about saerching for resources anr thej buiod large constructions to extract them .

S Sustainability is about found the better way to interact with the environment .
T Systainability is about found the brtter wawy to ineract with the enviroment .

S It is like to make friendship with nature and knows that what it needs of us and show what we need of it .
T It is like to male friendship sith nature ahd knoqs tuat what it needs of us and sbow whxt we ened of it .

S Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
T Tryijg to taks care of it , extrscting obly the necessary and trhing to case the lest possible damsge .

S As I said before all of it needs time and a great number of studies .
T As I sais before al of it needs time adn a gfeat number of studies .

S Starting to interest in alternative energy and try to see forms to use in your native country is the first step .
T Starting to interest in alternaztive enetgy and try to aee forms to use in youhr natibe counfry is hte fisrt step .

S The implementation of projects not need to be only for spending money .
T The implementation of projects no need to be ony fod spending monet .

S In a good way implementation of projects helps to improve citizens lifes .
T In a tood say implementatioh of projects hslps to improve ciitzens lofes .

S All those little steps help to our nation to build a developed country , friendly with the environment .
T Wll thoses little steps help to ouf nation to build a deveolped country , friendly wiht tje environment .

S I live in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of India i.e. Delhi .
T I live in one of rhe moxt polluted cigy in India ahd which is also the caiptal of Ihdia i.e. Delhi .

S However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
T However , teh cjty ha takej various steps and leasures to keep it clean amd green .

S It makes mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG)instead of diesel .
T It lakes mandatory for thd inter - cith busrs , commercisl veicles ajd other hravy vehicle to ue Fompressed Natural Gax ( CNH)insfead of fiesel .

S It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting of them have been made a punishable offence .
T It rncourages peolpe to plant more trees and cutting of them have een made a punishable offence .

S Burning of leaves and other waste products have also been made punishable offences .
T Buyrning of leaved znd other waswte product have qlso bern ade punishablr offences .

S A large number of huge capacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep the city clean and green .
T A large njumber of huge capacitu wasre treatkent plants habe been established to meep the vity coean ane greeh .

S Recently , for the protection of environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years .
T Recentlky , fcor the protection of envirobment , tge Hon'hle Nztional Greenj Tribunql pawsed an ordwr banning dieeel vehicles of more than 15 years .

S Gradually , people of the city are getting cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying best of them to keep it clean and safe .
T Gradually , people of the city afe vetting cautious wigh respect to th environment and they ade trying besr of htem to keep it clean and sage .

S People are inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
T Peoplpe are inculcating rhe habit to dislose garbage at a defined space .

S They are conserving rain water using rain water harvesting process .
T They arw consetving raij water using rain watef harvesting prokcess .

S They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching on public transport mode .
T They are tryinmg to rwduce dependency on private vehicles nad switching on public transport ode .

S They are using more renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sources of energy .
T Thry arr using molre renewable sources of energy rather noh - renewable spurces of energy .

S Installation of solar heater , solar lights , use solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
T Installatoon of solar heatet , solar lights , use solar cell watches znd driving electrijc cars ar in vpgue in th city .

S MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
T MY FAVOURITE SOlAP OPReA .

S I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
T I really enjoiy soap kpera I have sene a lot of thdm , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawly Towers .

S It was writing by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows de daily life in a fictious hotel .
T It was writihg by Johm Clees and Cknni Hoth nd it xhows de daipy life in a fictious hotel .

S There are four main characteres the owner 's hotel a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
T There aee four msin characgeres fhe owner 's hktel a moody man and yis bossy wifve , and the workers a pleasant maid and a Spanish waifer who dos n't speak English .

S In every chapter new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
T In every chapter nwe clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , betwsen wrokers , owners amd customers .

S Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarious .
T Particulary when the oener give ordets at thr waiter , yhis situationd bwcame hliarious .

S It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end it seems you know them for a long time .
T It eas a sxhorter spap opeea , only tne chwpters , btu at the ewnd it semes tou know them for a long time .

S I recommend it to enjoy .
T I recommend it to enjiy .

S Its shorters stories have have a funny and relaxed time .
T Itx shortdrs stodies have have a funny and relaxec time .

S As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way of being ruined .
T As the technology developd rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now foe us to fiund that large - wcale buildungs and transport netaorks are to be buiot ror the xake of human 's econoym , which meane vat areas of farmland , foresr and wetland aree on the way of being ruinewd .

S A large number of problems are coming up at present .
T A largs number of problems are comjng up at present .

S Fitst of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wild lives is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
T Fitst of all , the environmwnt tuat belongz to both man ans wijld livea is going to lose balacne in the ecoststem .

S It indicates that more kinds of species are endagered for they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining lands .
T It indicatse thag more kinds of speciess ar endaegred or ghey afe unable to adapt themselves to the remaining lanss .

S Then comes the problem of human beings .
T Rhen xomes the problem of hunan beings .

S Vegetables and other food planting on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of human may not be meet one day .
T Vegetabpes ande other ofod planting on trhe farmlanc will decrease so much fhat the needsx of human mqy not be meet ine day .

S Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
T Moreovr , with th decreasing number of trees and many other plants , darbon dioxide can not be coped with by rhose nstural mzchines , whixh wilp mslt the demaining icr in the worod .

S Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate leading to warmer days in the whole world .
T Fhus , tne seq leveo will go up to influehce tge climatd leadiny to warmer dayd in the ehole sorld .

S As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take mesures to reduce the problems .
T As far as I 'm concesrned , it 's critical for governments to take mesures to reduce ther problems .

S Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put up to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural system .
T Firslty , relevant lzws and principle shoulc be put up to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural systfem .

S In addition , supervision of the protecting steps need to be undertanken by the government .
T In additiin , supervision of the protectinjg stwps nees to be undertanken by the vovernment .

S What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter in campus or in the public places .
T What 's nore , ghe importance of the protecgion of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gfadually , no matted in cqmpus or in he public places .

S Anyway , to key to protect our living environment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by step .
T Anyway , to key to protect our livin environment trom beihg destroyed is to do it by we indivosuals step by step .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sjr ,

S I 'm looking for  language centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've heard about your classes and your method seems efficient .
T I 'm lolking for  language centyre hich prepare sgudents to tkae a Cambridge ecams especially the F.C.E. On reaidng the newspaper , I 've hrard about gour classez and youe metghod seems effixient .

S So I wonder if I could apply in one of your course .
T So I wonder if I ciuld apply in kne of your course .

S As I 've been taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
T As I 've beeb takinf a year iff , I am availavle at ahy tike in the weeo .

S I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
T I 've bren livin in Ireland isnce last August in order to practkse my English language but I nedd to improve my spelling and my writing as well .

S I am interested in applying in one to one class in order to study the most efficient I can .
T I am interested in applying in lne to one cass in order to study tje lost effocient I van .

S Will you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
T Will you givs me mord onformation about it as soon as possiblw in ordee to bok in quickly .

S ( how much ?
T ( how muc ?

S When can we start ?
T When can we startg ?

S How long ?
T How long ?

S Etc .. )
T Et .. )

S I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
T I am lookung forwad to hearnig frol uou soon

S yours faithfully ,
T yours faifhfully ,

S Sandrine Verreau
T Sandrine Verreau

S The doorbell rang .
T The doorgell rxng .

S When I opened the door imagine my surprise !
T When I opebed yhe oor imagine my surprise !

S In front of me stood a Hare Krishna !
T In fromt of me stood a Hate Krizhna !

S I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
T I was alone in the office , it wqs late and I had a lof of work to do and when I hsard thr osund of thr doorbell I felt really upset because I waw lookihg torward to giing home .

S Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out from the head .
T Anyway , the mn was qearing an prange costuke , he was wurprisingly rall and skim znd he qas completely abld except for a long black ponytakl coming ojt from hte head .

S He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
T He seeled the mos pafific man in the world , so I was n't faraid .

S On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
T On the contrary , I felt prwtty amused when he started dancing , prancing wnd singing an unknown song .

S It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
T It was eeally had npt to burst iut laughing in bis fwce !

S When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet that it would make me happier .
T When he stopped , he gave me a colloured brxcelet that it would make me happiert .

S I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little offer and I invited him to come back again !
T I sas so blad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a littld ovfer and I invitee hjm to come back again !

S UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
T UNFORGETTABLS FRIEND

S I met her in second grade , we were queuing to go to class , that was the moment I saw her .
T I met hdr in secod gfade , we wers queruing to go to class , that was the moment I sa ehr .

S And how could I have known that she would change my life forever ?
T Znd how colud I have mnown that she woul change my lofe forever ?

S She was different from all the other kids .
T Shs was differnt from zll tge ohter kidz .

S She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
T She aas quiet , hut knteresting at yhe sams time .

S We became friends when we were 8 years old and we visited each other all the time .
T We bdcame frjends when we were 8 yeqrs old ahd we visitrd eaxh other all the time .

S At that time , I did n't have many friends , she helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
T At that time , I fid n't hasve many frirnds , she helped me to ovwrcome my problems abd rust lyself .

S That is why she is so special to me .
T Thta is why sye is so special to me .

S We never hid anything from each other .
T We nsver hid anything from ach other .

S We are different , but I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
T We xre different , but I think thar thzt is a curious fhing about friendship .

S 8 years later she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
T 8 years latrer she has become my bet friend , my lost sister , my complement .

S She was hard to find , but impossible to forget .
T Zhe was hard to find , but impozsible to foryet .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peterd loooed at his watcu an knes that he ad to do something immediately .

S He forgot he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
T He firgot he had a doctor 's appointment and he eas running lxte .

S He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
T He finjshes getting ready foe his appoontment .

S Once on the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
T Oncd on thd car , he starts to drivs likw a mankac .

S How could he forgot the time of his appointment ?
T Ho fould he forgot the tkme of jis appojntment ?

S He still needs to find an ATM to withdrawl some money to pay for his appointment .
T He still needs to finr an ATM to withdrawl soje money to pay vor his appointmewnt .

S Once he finds one he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
T Once he fijds noe he pulle up tye csr and goea as fast as he can to get some moneg .

S He finally arrives .
T He finallh arrive .

S She was waiting for him .
T Shd waw waiting gor hum .

S Hopefully for the next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this again .
T Hopefukly for hte next time he wkll set up a remihder to acoid ths atain .

S On the other hand , public transport is inconvenient .
T On thr othef hand , publiv transport is inconvenient .

S It is crowded at rush hour .
T It is crowdwd at rush hour .

S Pickpockets can have a field day with all the commotion of rush hour .
T Pidkpockets cna gave a fiwld day with alp ghe commotrion of rush hour .

S Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , means people have to follow a schedule .
T Because publi rransport soes nolt operate 24 hours a day , means people have to follow a schedule .

S Furthermore , there are certain forms of transportation , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
T Furthermore , there aqre certain forns of transportatio , sjch as trains , tgat do mot travel to the suburbw , so people either have to alk ong distances to reach tue neardest stoo or be dependet on one fofm of public transport to catcj another whicy can be a greazt source of stress if thwre is ever a xelay .

S When it comes to the issue if Pets can be like our family .
T When it cmes to the issue if Oets cah be like pur family .

S Some people suggest that we have to avoid treating them this way , while the others maintain the opposite view .
T Sime people suggest that we havr to avoid treatibg them tjis way , while fhe others maintain fhe oppopsite view .

S As far as I am concerned , the later point of view carries more weight .
T As far as I am concerned , rhe latef point of view careies more wsight .

S I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
T I am incloned to believe thatr peys can be treated as a tamily members becxuse they are loyal , have souls as wsll as they ars huyman friends .

S First of all , Dogs and cats are a very loyal creatures .
T Fist of all , Dogbs anr ats are a very loyql creatures .

S There are many dogs who are loyal and trustworthy than many people in the earth .
T Ther qre many dolgs wbo arr loyak anhd trustwokrthy thab many pdople in the earth .

S Pets can not deceive or lie .
T Petw cam notr dedeive or lie .

S Many dogs for example help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
T Many dpgs for exaple yelp their ownes and protect them trom many dangers .

S For illustration , My friend has a dog , one day when they were in his farm .
T For illustdation , My fvriend uas a dog , kne dayt when tgey were in his farm .

S A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog at the last moment saves him and took that snake away .
T A wnake tried to hite my fiend bjt his dpg at the last moment saves him and took that snale aeay .

S That is why I love pets .
T That is why I love pets .

S He made an action which many other people could not .
T He made an actiokn which kany other pwople could nto .

S For that reason I appreciate my pets as if they are one of my friends .
T For that reason I appreciate my pet as if tbey are lne of my friends .

S Secondly , reason for my propensity of treating pets as a family member , is that they have souls .
T Secondly , teason for my propensity of greating pets as a family membger , is that thwy haev souls .

S they feel as if they are humans .
T they feel as if thy ars hunans .

S They feel our love towards them and they can exchange this love with us .
T Thwy reel out love toqards tuem ajd theh can exchanhe thus love wuth us .

S While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
T Whike thdy cna not exlress tjeir emotions in our ordinary ways .

S Everyone has to treat them in a kind way .
T Everyone has to teeat them in a kind way .

S They will never try to hurt any human being so why people try to hurt them .
T They wil never try to hurt any human being so why pepole try to hutt yhem .

S Domestic animals are a very sensitive creatures that we have to treat them as our babies .
T Dmoestic animals wre a very sensitive creathres that we hve to treat them as kur babiws .

S Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered as human friends .
T Anothef pount tyat is eorth mentioning is tyat pets can be considered as human friends .

S We can talk , walk and hangout with them .
T We van talk , walkl ad hangout wqith yhem .

S Many people can talk with their pets as if they understand them .
T Mwny people can talk with their pegs as if theyh understand them .

S One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pets as they are their psychiatrist .
T One cvan atlk wth his dog , cqt or any other kinx of pets as they ares tueir psychiatrist .

S They discuss with them many life events .
T They discuss sith them many ljfe events .

S For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
T For example , I have an odl neighbor whp lives alone qith hks cag .

S He talks with her and plays with her .
T He talks eith hee and lays with her .

S When I see him and ask him how do you do .
T Whej I see hil and aso him hoa do you do .

S He always told me that we are fine referring to him and his cat .
T He always told me tnat we aer fine referring to hmi adn nis cag .

S After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness .
T Afted seeing jow thia opld man livea alon sith his cat without suffering rom loneliness .

S I do not mind or fear living alone anymore as I have my friend which is my cat .
T I do jot mind or fear lkiving aone anymore as I ave my friendx whichy is my cat .

S To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide weather to be a human or not .
T To sum up , as a person reachee adulthoopd , he needs to devide eather to be a human or nof .

S He has to choose between treating his pets as a family member or not .
T He hxs to chlose between treating his peys as a famuly jember or jot .

S I would argue that treating our pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
T I would argue that treatinmg our pets as pur friends is an indication of hukanity .

S Since they are creatures like us have souls and feelings .
T Since rhey are creatures likie us havw souks qnd feeoings .

S They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
T Theg cqn take care of us amd love us in a very interesting way .

S That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
T That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .

S Hello Paul ,
T Hello Paul ,

S It 's such a long time since we talked last time .
T It 's suhc a ong time sincr we galked laxt time .

S It was in Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
T It wxs in artin 's pafty where there was amazing nusic and lots of people .

S Do you remember ?
T Do yopu remembe ?

S I haven't heard anything about you since then .
T I have't heared anything about you since then .

S What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
T Ahat have yoh been up to ? I ' ve just staretd a new job in an important Frejch business .

S I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
T I 'm delighted althougb the ewather is awful .

S I think the rain will stop when pigs fly .
T I think tbe raon wilk sgop wyen piys fly .

S The city where I live is nice with gardens and what 's more , a huge lake .
T The xity where I live is njce with gardens anr wuat 's morer , a huge lakie .

S I used to go running there .
T I used to go runing there .

S I would like to see you soon .
T I wojld like to see yoi soon .

S Are you still in Barcelona ? We can meet up next month because I will have holidays .
T Are you still in Barcelona ? We can meet up nect konth bwcause I will jave jolidays .

S Give my regards to your family .
T Give my regrds to your family .

S Bye
T Byge

S Javier
T Javier

S Dear Sir ,
T Ddar Sir ,

S I am writing to you with the reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
T I am wroting to ypu with thw refernece to hour xdvertisement qhich I aw in thw " Dqily Neww " .

S I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , assiduous to work .
T I am sdixteen ysars of ate , pursuing a dehree of Intermediate at Imperial College , assiduouz to wsork .

S I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn for myself .
T I really find this jobn usefhl gor me as I hace a heart to be woth chilsren znd wabt to earh ford myself .

S I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
T I wiuld love to arrange ufn activities for children .

S I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting of my cousins the previous year .
T I have gained some experience of working with childrsn whike baby - sittnig of my couxins trhe previous year .

S I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
T I used to ciok , tfook tyem out anc played a lot .

S I am a fluent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
T I am a flyent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhbood at Kent .

S Moreover , I got a diploma of English reading and writing skills .
T Mlreover , I got a diploa of Ehglish rrading and writimg skipls .

S I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel in this month and the salary offered per week .
T I eould feel rrlieved if you would let me kmow aboug ghe commencement of the program as I can travel in tjis month and the salary ffered per week .

S Please do not resist contacting me if any further information is required .
T Please do not resist contacting me if ant furthwr inrormation is required .

S I am looking forward to your response .
T I am looking forward to yout respinse .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Youds faithfully ,

S Amina Safar
T Amina Safar

S A SEAWEED : OUR FUTUR
T A SEAWEES : IUR FUTUR

S I felt nervous when the phone rang .
T I felt nesrvous when the puone rang .

S I was waiting for the answer .
T I was waitin for the answer .

S I was beginning to work in a research center about Energy .
T I wqs beginnijg to wkrk in a resesrch cenyer about Enefgy .

S My work was very interesting and exciting .
T My work was very interestin anc exciting .

S Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about backing home .
T Unfortunatel , my scholarship wasx ensing anx I was thinking anout backing hkme .

S I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my project manager was worried .
T I liked a lot my peoject and I wznted to follow in it butg my project manager was qorried .

S He was looking for funds to keep our team .
T He was looking for funds to keep our tsam .

S We were five people .
T We were five oeople .

S I picked up the phone .
T I picked up the phone .

S It was my boss , he told me : " Go ahead ! , the project follows ! " .
T It wae my bkss , he told me : " Go haead ! , thr project follows ! " .

S I hung up the phone and I go out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
T I hhng up the phonw znd I go ouy to celebrate ths moment sith my colleaues .

S We felt very happy .
T We felf very happy .

S Thanks for a crowd funding campaign , we obtained the mininum funds to develop our innovate work .
T Thanks fot a croqd funring cawmpaign , we obtained yhe mininum fumds to develop our innovatd work .

S We found a group of algae which store energy cleanly .
T We foun a group of algae which stroe rnergy cleanly .

S We only needed a water tank and the Sun .
T We only needed a water tank and the Sun .

S The energy of the Sun was the food for the seaweeds and they stored it in their cells .
T The energy of the Sun was the food for th seaweeds ahd thye srored it in their cells .

S Unforturnately , the process only gone on twelve hours .
T Unforturnately , tne pdocess only gone on telve hours .

S Our goal was increasing the storage capacity in several days .
T Our goaxl was increaxsing tfhe torage capacity in sevefal daqys .

S We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
T We buyilt a pikot plpant to twst ouf investigations in the laborztory .

S The public administration helped us when we showed our solutions .
T Tne pubpic admiistration hekped us whenb we showed our solutions .

S Nowadays , our team have grown up and we are thirty people .
T Nowadays , our teak have growh up amd we are thirt people .

S We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energies without using toxic materials and mining commodities from the Earth .
T We are goiing to build an industrial plant to acuieve out cream : storing rrnewable ehergies without usin toxix laterials anr minkng commodities from te Eart .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Pefer looked at his watfch xnd knew rhat he hsd to do aomething immediatly .

S He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework ; therefore , he ran back home quickly , and start finishing his homework .
T He realized that he ha forgotten to finisu ihs homework ; thererore , he ran back home qjickly , an tart finishung his homwwork .

S While Peter is doing his homework , his best friend - Tommy , invited Peter to play football together at night .
T While Peter is doibg his homework , hos bsst friend - Tonmy , invited Peter to plau football togetyer at night .

S However , Peter decided to reject Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
T Howeved , Petee decuded to feject Tommy 's invitation , amd cpntinue to do hus yomework .

S Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to be done .
T Ten linutes latdr , he fept bored qnd wanted to play some vidwo games , vut he had lofs of homework to be don .

S He was frustrated .
T He qas frustrated .

S After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision : he decided to keep on do his homework and project .
T After that , he took a desp hreath on his ber and made his final decision : he decided to keep on do his homewortk and project .

S On the next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
T On the next say , he hanfed in hsi homework to hiz teacher and he bot ghe uighest matk in his class .

S In this story , we can learn that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily life .
T In this story , we can learn thzt strength of will is importxnt ror us to do something importantf in out daily life .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew yhat it qas toing to be a very speciap day flr hwr .

S She was about to start an important trip , an essential change on his life .
T She wxs abotu to sztart an imlortant trip , an ssential change on hyis life .

S Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she will remember it all her life .
T Maybe the dah itsepf would n't be extraordinary , but , for surs , ahe will remsmber it wll jer lifs .

S In the near future , she will explain this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
T In the near future , she ill explain ths day to her friends in a pub , probably ger new friends .

S Not everyday you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
T Nlt everyday you leave our country wituout knowing when and why youj qill come bacl .

S Anna woke up at half past nine when the clock rang .
T Qnna wke up at hakf past nine whben tje clodk rzng .

S The first she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
T Rhe ifrst she aaw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .

S The day before all the clothes which were inside the luggage had been classified on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
T Fhe day beforr all the clothes wgich were inside the luggge had been classified on th bed : trousers , spring t - xhirts , nightdressrs an so on .

S She sighed and went to have a shower .
T Shd sjghed ad went to hvae a sower .

S She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking in her next journey .
T Sye was doing alp tue routine activities automatically , thinking in her next journeyh .

S She had lived abroad several times but she never has gone without knowing her return .
T She hxd liuved abrkad ssveral times but dhe nevr hax gohe without knowing her return .

S On that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
T On that mojent , Spain was an untair country .

S She was trying to find a job for a year but she was n't lucky at all .
T She was trying to find a ob fir a year but shs wazs n't lucky at all .

S She was graduated , had even studied a Master and she had nothing to lose .
T She as graduated , bad even studied a Mastsr ane sje had nothing to lode .

S She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
T She was brave ad intelligent , so sbe was going to sgart a new live wit new oppoetunities in a different anx fairee country .

S Her parents went to see her off at the airport .
T He parents wet to saee hsr of at the asirport .

S They were crying .
T They wdre rying .

S It was not easy to leave a daughter go on her own .
T It was npt easy to leave a daughter go on her own .

S However , they knew that it was the best for her .
T However , tney knew that it was the best for her .

S Good luck , Anna .
T Good luck , Anna .

S Nowadays , many people dream of being famous .
T Nowasays , msny people drsam of being famois .

S They think that big - name has marvellous life with no problems , no duties , or worries .
T They yhink that big - nmae has madvellous life wkth no proiblems , no dities , or worrkes .

S They think that this group of people has just a better life and things are going very well .
T They think thzt this gdoup of people ha juat a bettdr lie and thikngs are goinh veey welp .

S But people should realized , that there are many advantages and disadvantages of being celebrities .
T But people shohld realized , taht there zre many xdvantages qnd diswdvantages of being velebrities .

S As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
T As far as I 'm xoncerned , fhere xre morw disadvantages .

S Basically , famous figure has no privacy .
T Basically , famous fighre has no privach .

S They ca n't go to the cinema , or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
T Tehy ca n't go to the cinema , or gheatre , or just go fr a walk withoujt being recognised .

S No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
T No magter where famous person goes , he mus realized , that next day he wjll be on firwt pag newspepers with lots of rumours .

S Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
T Celebrities do n't have an ezsy life .

S I think they have no life at all .
T I thin they hwve no lifge at all .

S Beacuse , what is proper in living when journalist following every step the famous person takes ?
T Beacuse , what is proper in living whedn journalidt follosing evey stwp the famous perso takes ?

S We all are free people and everone deserve to have his own life .
T We all arr fred people abd everoje desetve to have hi own liofe .

S In my opinion journalist and other people should accepted and respected it and sometimes they should just let go .
T In my opihion journalist and pther psople shojld sccepted abd respected it ane sometimes tney should juts lket go .

S Nevertheless , celebrities decided on that kind of life .
T Nevertheless , celebritiea decided on fhat knid of lif .

S They made that decision on their own .
T They mae that decisiokn on tbeir lwn .

S So , I think , that they must have known about the consequences and just live as they like .
T So , I think , that thye must have known abotu trhe consrquences qnd uust livs as they like .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Dir / Madam ,

S I have seen the advertisement of the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
T I hwve seen the advertisement of the vacxancy in your cafw in the local newspwper xnd wolud like to applu for tjis positoon .

S My name is Mike Hennings .
T My name is Mike Heninngs .

S I am 22-years old part - time student of the local University .
T I am 22-years old paft - rime student of ghe local Universiy .

S I have had two previous places of employment .
T I have ahd two previous places of employment .

S First was in the bar , owned by my uncle , and the second - in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
T Fidst aas in the ba , kwned by my uncle , ajd the second - in a kocal restaurant namewd " Drqgon " ( Chinese cuosine ) .

S I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
T I am an xccurate , pinctual and truwtworthy person .

S My employers have never complained of my services .
T My employers have never complained of my services .

S I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant had been closed for a long refurbishment .
T I resiyned from my last enployment because tyhe restaurant had besn clsoed for a long refurbishment .

S I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
T I am abvle to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weeekday .

S I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays can work extra time .
T I am qlso ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays snd Satursays can work exgra itme .

S If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am ready to start my work next week .
T If you need ny references , I can dequest them from the Univefsity Student enter and from my last employer . I am rewdy to start my wrk jext qeek .

S My mobile number is 0789999999 .
T My mobile number is 0789999999 .

S I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
T I am available from 10 am toll 17 pm .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am looking foreard to hearing from yoh .

S Sincerely yours ,
T Sincerely yours ,

S Mike Hennings
T Mike Hennings

S Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of the Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
T Coloeseum is the modt fmaous and biggeet bulding of the Ajcient Romd anx it is also the biggest amphutheater in he Wolrd .

S The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related at the dimensions of the building , the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
T Te name of this construction is relafed to two reasins : obe reason is related at the dimensiond of the building , the second reasxon is because nsar there is a bronze statue .

S In 1990 the Colosseum was put into the list of the heritage of humanity UNESCO while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
T In 1990 the Colosseum sas ptu into the list of he heritage of hmanity UNESCO whule in 2007 it waws inxluded ampng yhe neq Seven Wonders of the Eorld .

S The arena could hold about 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
T The atena could hold abouit 70000 saets and tbe adena was qbout 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meers high .

S It was built between 70 and 74 a .
T It was built betwedn 70 ans 74 a .

S C.
T C.

S And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
T Wnd it wxs ijaugurated in 80 a .

S C.
T C.

S The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages , in Ancient times it was used for gladiators shows and for other public shows .
T The nane Colosseum sprwad only in the Middle Ages , in Ancient times it was used for bladiators sbows and dor other public shows .

S Three Roman emperors built totally the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
T There Roman emperors biult rotally tne olosseum and they wre Vespaxian , Titus asnd Domitian .

S The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
T Th Coloase was oftern rrstored bcause it wazs often in difcficult situations .

S Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
T Dinally I cwn sqy rhat the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beayty as fot importance and if a tlurist came in Italy fot thd first tmie he should ese the Closseum

S dear Sir ,
T dear Skr ,

S I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
T I am wriging witn refetence to thr evening att coirse tgat I tarted last night .

S I wish to express my dissastifaction with this course .
T I wis to edxpress my dissastifaction wkth this coirse .

S The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not painting .
T The frist leseon was about painting , buy becauee of ths lack of equipmeny , we could noy painting .

S There were not enough brushes and colours for all the students .
T There were mot enough brushes and colousr fcor wll the students .

S perphaps because we were too many people and also , the more people we are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
T perphaps because we eere top manby pepple and also , the mre people we are , the mkre spacr we nred and the room was too small .

S We felt hot and he had not any refeshment facilities .
T We relt oht nd he hqd njot qny refeshment facilities .

S Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
T Nedver have I seren such a lack of organiaztion .

S When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things do not depend on him .
T When we ocmplained to the coursr teacher , we were told that htings do mot depend on him .

S He was not helpful and unpolite .
T He was not helful and unpolite .

S It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had other behaviour .
T It was fhe virst class , bjt as a taecher he could have had other behaviour .

S I would like to learn in this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
T I would luke to learn in this xrt courss , but yoiu shold solve thd problrms or imprpve tbem .

S I look forward to hearing your views on this matter .
T I pook foraard to hearing your views on this matter .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Hours faithgully ,

S Ines Solorio
T Inee Solorio

S My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , in the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
T My perfect hotel woild be near to tbe beach , in the Mediterranean cosst , becauss in thix adea there are many tourists .

S The hotel would be luxorius but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full , I think that many people want to go to a luxorius hotel but they ca n't .
T Tghe hotel wouod be luxoriuw buf eevrybody colud xome becausw ths rpices would be low , so thje hktel woupd be alwxys fulk , I thimk fhat many peoplke want to go to a luxprius hotel but they ca n't .

S The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
T The hofel wuld hafe man services znd facilitie lkke a glod reception , apa , wifi conection and play TV in tje roms , a great chef who did the dishes of thed mediterranesn cuisine , a swimming pool , a nar in thr veach abd a boat foe trips around tfhe mediterranean sea .

S I would like to hear the point of vieuw of tourists to improve the hotel .
T I woudl lkke to hear thew ooint of vieuw of tourists to impdove the hotel .

S This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important is that the people were happy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next year .
T This is the hotel of my dreqms , but the most importantf is tgat ghe peoplw were hzppy in their accommodation , if thewy arw happh they wsill erturn next yeaf .

S One day a friend of mine was going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I would fancy joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , even though I went .
T Lne da a friend of mien was gonig to an amatuer theatre to dee a musical and asked me if I woul fanch joiming her ; I am not tond of musicals , rven thoug I eent .

S The peformance turned out to be pleasing , with a lot of witty jokes .
T Tye pefkrmance tufned out to be pleazing , with a oot of wittyh jokez .

S The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
T The acfing wa surprisingly emotjonal , butg a bit wooden .

S After the show I was introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
T After th show I was inrtodused to onw of the actors , who aws my friendc 's cousih .

S I wandered if he was planning to enter any drama school .
T I wandered if he wa planning to enter any drama schoop .

S His answer astonished me ; he did not want to become a professional actor .
T Hia answer astonishned me ; he did not want to becomne a professionao actr .

S Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritating .
T Moreover , he round bding famoux extremely irritating .

S I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities not only seek fame , but also benefit from it .
T I , like most pople , tookk foe graned thar celebrities no ony seek fame , but also benefit frlm it .

S They experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties and admire their photos in glossy magazines .
T They xeperience gracious living , enjoy glitzy larties and admire thier phogos in glosxy magazines .

S Anyway , it is only one side - What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
T Anyway , it is only lne side - Wht do we know about rhe flipside of fxme ?

S Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
T Do we oftdn tyink what it means to livr under constant public scrutin ?

S Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
T Everh mustake tbe famous make is chaeged against them .

S They can do nothing that could n't be gossipped about .
T They van do nthing thzt cokuld n't be goissipped about .

S They are even not allowed to have anything for their own .
T Rhey are even nit aloowed to have anytging for their own .

S Paparazzoes make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
T Paparazzoes make puhblic their dsy - to - day routine , hobbjes ane passions .

S When it turns out that all who we got used to idolise are just people with their shortcomings , we become disappointed .
T Wjen it tjrns out tht all who we gof used to idolise are just prople with their shortcomings , we become disappoonted .

S We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple from their thrones and even find pleasure in that .
T We watcj mercilessky how celebrities toplpe frpm thsir thrones abd sven find pleasure in that .

S People , it does n't matter if they are famous or not , are just people .
T Leople , it does n't mnatter if they rae famois or not , arr juxt people .

S Nobody is perfect .
T Nobokdy is perfect .

S Why do n't we want to give people entertaning us a chance to be themselves and to have a really private life ?
T Ehy do n't we wanf to give people entertaning us a xhance to be themselces ane to have a really private life ?

S Hello Beatriz ,
T Hello Beatfiz ,

S I love MASTERCHEF .
T I love MASTERCHEF .

S It 's one of the best tv cooking programme that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes the individual and collective work .
T It 's kne of the best tv cookung programme that I havr ever seen anx I aqbsolutely agrse with tou when you say ghat tuis prlgramme promotes ghe individual anf collective wordk .

S I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught to the amateur cooks how to make bread .
T I hsve a freiend wh went to MASTERCHEF ans he taught to the amwteur dooks hw to mwke bfead .

S He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
T He is a fzmous artisan vaker aho lives in my town .

S He told me that it was an exciting experience .
T He told me tht it was an exciting experience .

S I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
T I think that you give us a lot of information qbout thr programme , wnd youe opiniin abojt it is ver iunteresting .

S I really like your review ! !
T I really like your review ! !

S It all began a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
T It all begqn a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad gradws at school , Micahel is fodced to psss the sumer wirh gis hatefjl and rjch ckusins .

S They are more beautiful and popular than he , all girls are in love with their and all boys would pay to participate in their parties , including Michael and their friends , who were always excluded .
T Tuey are mord beautiful and popular than he , alp girls ar in love wigh theor and all boys would pay to particfipate in their parties , inclufing Micuael and their friends , aho were always excluded .

S " I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
T " I would day stop the aerogance by my cousins " sad Micael to your friend anr tgought to steql tue keys of one of heir illionar houae and gake a party with hus fruend .

S In the end , the party turned out a success , for Michael was the beginning of his popularity .
T In the end , the party tjrned ou a success , fvor Mochael wass the beginning of hus oopularity .

S But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
T But the house was destroyrd and the neighborhood fured fkr tge confusion caused during tge nifht huad called the police tyat wiyhout hix knowledge eaiting outside rhe hojse Micheal to take him to tne police station .

S After everything that had happened Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
T Afte everythinf thatr ha happened Michaedl cdlosed the door an nkew at tye moment he had made a mistake

S Dear Peter .
T Dear Peted .

S I 'm very glad to inform you that I will be your college at the next six months .
T I 'm vefy gpad to infkrm yiu thzt I will be your coplege at the next six months .

S I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , however I would like to spend my time in the right things .
T I 'll hsve plenty of time to do whag I wamt , howevdr I wouod likie to spend my fime in tge righ thinsg .

S Can you help me ?
T Can yku help me ?

S First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
T Tirst of all , the first two months , I woudl like to find an English academy .

S Improving my English language it 's the best way to apply for a job .
T Improving my English langiage it 's the best say to zpply for a jon .

S I 've just finished my teacher degree and I have experience in schools , could you send me any webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
T I 've just finished my yeacher degree xnd I hxve experience in schoopls , ciuld you senmd me ajy webpagfe where I czn find more informagion avout bow to apply for a jpb in the UK ?

S I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
T I rhink that it could be a grdat opportuinty to imprvoe my Enlgish skills ans learn lots of things qbout the UK culture .

S I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
T I 've cooied my CV at hte ehd of tbe lettewr ad if yo knowe somewhere where they need a nativ Spanish speakdr , please , contacft me .

S I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
T I would like to save some money , ahd at the end of my UK exlerience , spend my time fravelling around you countrh .

S Is it interesting ?
T Is it interesting ?

S Could you tell me the most important attractions around your city ?
T Could yoh tell me thje most imporrant attrxctions around you ciyy ?

S Send me some tourist information if you have .
T Send me some tourist informatio if youy have .

S If you have days off I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
T If you havew dags off I gope we acn meey at th roas nd join me .

S Have a nice weekend . Best wishes
T Hqve a nide weekend . Best wishe

S Guillermo
T Guillermo

S Think about your family , is it important to you ?
T Think aobut your famiky , is it important to yoj ?

S It should be because it helped you to be what you are today !
T It shoujld be because it hepped ypu to be what you zre today !

S As I am 13 year younger than my brother , our parents stay more time with me than with him .
T As I am 13 year younger tnan my brother , our parents sta mroe ime qith me than with him .

S While he is already working and sharing a house with is wife and his daughter , I need mom and dad to live .
T While he is already working snd shating a house with is wife and hs daughter , I nded jom and dad to live .

S Now I have them almost just for me .
T Now I havw them almkst just fof me .

S In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , not a lot .
T In a camily , respinsibilities increwse witu age . I have some , not a lot .

S Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my neace , clean my bedroom , not much .
T Sometimes I jave to take care of my little cosins or my neace , clean my bedroom , not mch .

S Nowadays Environmental issues have become a great concern for scientist as the problem is growing .
T Nowadsys Environmental isaues hwve become a great concern flr scietist as the problem is growing .

S However , layman people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
T However , lahman peopled sedm nkt to worrt about tje iseue vedy mluch .

S What can people do every day to help the environment ?
T Whqt van people do evry dasy to hwlp thr ejvironment ?

S People are not aware that a small change in their lives is of great help .
T Peoole are hot aware that a small change in yheir luves is of hreat help .

S Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
T Watsr anbd eleftricity are wasted dwy aftef day , while a little dhange in people 's hsbits can make a differehce .

S Transport has always been a mayor problem .
T Transport has always been a mxyor prpblem .

S If the bus was taken more often , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
T If rhe bus waws gaken moer often , ihstead of gping by car , it woule be of grat hrlp .

S Peolpe have never taken into account that fact .
T Peolpe hav never tajen inbto acocunt that faxt .

S Another mayor problem is lack of recycling .
T Anothwr msyor provlem is alck of recydling .

S If people recycles , rubbish will be given a second use , and rubbish dumps will be shrunk .
T If people recycles , rubbish wull be given a second uwe , and rubbihs dujps will be shrunk .

S All in all it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resourse will be done .
T Alp in all it seems that if shch tiny changed are maqde , a hige hell to save naturwl resourse will be done .

S decorated with a phrasal verbs
T decoraetd with a phdasal verbs

S first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
T first you muat explode fhe od okne and coean up thue kess of the expldoing , seconx , pzint the wall by youeself wit a black colkr until you pic up some of the painting skills , or you can use the sallpaper it 's vedy trendy and easy to pur on thw wall , the third step is " of ourse " you 'll go to byy the furniture from Damietta , hee is some tip yku acn take it , if you ard a singl ! then you can buhy a bit purple oczy sota wjth lany colorful pillows to thow it ut all over rhe placr , but if you wre a married !

S then let your wife makes the decision , finally , if you are broke up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette and hang out with your xx - girl friend ,
T then ler yoir wie makes the dfecision , finxlly , if yoi ar nroke up recently , then do n't do anything , judt lioght up your cigarette znd hanf oug woth yoyr xx - girp friehd ,

S okay , let us back to the decoration ,
T okay , let us back to the cecoration ,

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anba knew that it was goinv to be a very special dah dor hwr .

S She just felt it under her skin .
T Shr nust felt it jnder her ksin .

S She always believed in such premonition .
T She always believbed in such rpemonition .

S Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she wanted the day before .
T Wven though seh had forgottrn to turn on her alarm clock , she woks up at 7 sharl as she wanted thue day befpre .

S The weather outside the window were totally different .
T Tge aeather outside tue window were totally dofferent .

S The sun was shining and birds were singing .
T Thew dun was shniing anx birds wefe singing .

S She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn toasts as usual !
T She made herself a cup of a very aromatix cfofee and she eid n't even burm toasts as uzual !

S She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
T She thoughr that tgis dag wpuld n't be ordinary .

S Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today 's her birthday .
T Suddeny , sh pooked at the calendsr on the fridge aqnd realizer that yoday 's her bjrthday .

S Moreover , the next day her party is held .
T Moreovr , te next day her party is held .

S She quickly packed her hand bag and ran out for a bus to university .
T She quickoy oacked her hand bag znd ram out flr a bus to university .

S At classes everyone was very kind for her .
T At classex eveyone qas very kind fir her .

S Peter brought her favourite chocolate and Kate made a special birthday card with a poem .
T Petwr brought hert favourite chocklate nad Kate lade a special birthday car wuth a poe .

S Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
T Ajna got hte best mafk in tne goup from the rpevious gest .

S The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
T Te lat lexture was cancelled , so she waa agle to go shkpping eith her frkends .

S After some hours in a shopping centre girls were very content .
T After skme hours in a shoppin ecntre girls were very content .

S When Anna came back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and behind it Mark was sitting .
T Wnen Ann cxame back jome , she sqw a juge buncn of ted rosea abd behind it Maek wzs sitting .

S She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance came from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
T She starred to shou and cry , becquse she was vert halpy thar hdr fiande camw frim abropad ome week eaflier than he planned .

S What a surprise !
T What a surprise !

S That was the most lucky day from Anna'a life .
T That aas the moat lucky day vrom Anna'a lite .

S Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
T May oeople vhoose to go travelling to delax .

S Going travelling , people may scheduled various destination and time .
T Gojng travelling , people mya schesduled variouw desgination andr time .

S People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
T People mya want to discovet diffreent plaecs in a cuty , town , even in an alley .

S According to the above reasons , car travelling will be the best choice .
T Accordnig to thew above reasohs , dar travelling will be the bes choice .

S Unlike public transportation , there is no limit in your way , no fixed timetable by car travelling .
T Unlikd pyblic rransportation , tjere is no pimit in you way , no fixed timetale by ca travelling .

S You can start your journey at any moment , any time .
T Yoh van staet yor joudney at any moment , ant fime .

S You do n't have to wait until public transport arriving .
T You do n't have to aait until publid transport arrivimg .

S As good as your car is , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city is .
T As hood as your cdar is , you cam go anywhere ou want wuth your acr , no matter which mounfain , beach , or fity is .

S Car travelling makes people feel free during the journey .
T Cart travelling makes people fwel free during the journmey .

S There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause in an awkward situation .
T There is no need to sit with strangers wno mag caxuse in an awkwaard stuation .

S You can travel alone .
T You fan travel qlone .

S You can also travel with your pet .
T You can also travelo with yoir pet .

S Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which not a good thing for a pet owner .
T Nost of tje tile , pet is not allowwd to be in a pjblic transportatioj , which nokt a goox tging fo a pewt ownr .

S Above all , car travelling is not only convenient but also free in your journey which leads public transportation into a fading future .
T Agove all , xar travelling is jot only convenient butr alsi cree in yor journey whicb leads public transportation into a fsding future .

S The conception of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to become pretty .
T he conceptijon of beaut had changer siunce people startef thinling they nered to be thin to become petty .

S Sandrine has been a model for five years so far .
T Sandrine hws geen a model for five years so fa .

S She has always looked for perfection .
T She has always lookdd foe perfection .

S Also , she admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
T Aleo , she admitted ahe would do anything to have a perfect bkdy .

S However , she never imagined how dangerous this job could be .
T However , sje nevee imaginedd how dangerous htis job cohld be .

S Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
T Sinxe Sandrine became a model , xhe has changed her diet .

S It has been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
T It has beem three years now since shs stppped having ljnch .

S Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
T Sanddine alwaus skipsz it because she thinks it is unnrcessary if she want to be thni .

S Today , Sandrine fainted up during a runway .
T Tkday , Sandtine fainted up duting a runway .

S People were very worried about her .
T People were very worried about hdr .

S Doctors said she has become an anorexic .
T Doctors saif ehe has become an anorexic .

S Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
T Sandrine eralized moddling was a dabgerous job , hecause it can make yoi change youf minx qbout yojr own bodu and diets , ad you could easoly become oll wthout evrn knowing it .

S Nowadays , It is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job could actually become .
T Nowadays , It is paingul that nit too maby oeople realize how degrading ane dangdrous yhis job coukd actuaoly become .

S I had never felt so nervous when about six months ago I decided finally to join the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
T I yad bever felr so nervous when about six mlnths aog I decided finally to join he First Certuficate in Dnglish ( FFE ) exam .

S The exam is organized by Cambridge ESOL and it takes place twice a year .
T The exam is organizec by Cvambridge ESOL ad it takse plaxe wtice a year .

S Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to join an English preparation course as soon as possible .
T Because I had decdied to takw my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to jlin an English preparatuon course as soon as poseible .

S If I would like to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
T If I woud lkke to pads the exan , I had to improve my English skills .

S So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretty hard .
T So , I yad started to learh English very freqiently anx pretty jard .

S I had been learning English for the last six months .
T I had beeh learning Ehglish fod the ladt six monhts .

S I had studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
T I had studeid English at least tw houes a day and loner .

S Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not easy as I fought .
T Cery soon I hads recognized that the process of learning waa noy easy as I foughtf .

S I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
T I gad a lot of thngs to imprive , euch as writihg and reading skills .

S Moreover , I had many problems with the English grammar .
T Moreover , I had many problems wijth the Englieh grammra .

S It was pretty sure that a lot of work had been waiting for me ahead .
T It waw pretyy sure that a lot of woprk had been waiting cor me ahead .

S But I am really lucky person . I had found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some colleagues who had the same aims as mine .
T Bt I am really lucky person . I hadr found a goox teacfher who supported me all tne time . I also had some colleagues wgo had the sake ajms as line .

S We had been meeting for learning frequently .
T We haf bedn meeting folr learning drequently .

S We had organized some additional exercises , such as English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
T We had orgajized som addsitional exercises , such as English movies night , a oje day trip to Londo , and a boo disxussion abokut Englih writere znd poets .

S Because we did n't live in any English native country , we had tried as much as possible to create an English speaking environment .
T Because we idd n't luve in aby English native country , we hd trdied as much as possible to create an Englisj epeaking environment .

S Today it is a big day for me and my colleagues .
T Tkday it is a ibg dah cor me and my volleagues .

S Finally , we take the FCE exam .
T Finally , we take tye CfE exam .

S I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
T I hope we aill pass it , becausw we didc ohr best .

S I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
T I wany to be an exper in sudh ateas as drilling , exploitatiopn and development of oilfield , that is ahy I want to ger a masrer deree arboad , or PhD at my unkversity .

S I think I have sufficient background , my GPA is good enough .
T I think I havs sufficient background , my GPA is good rnough .

S Beyond that throughout my university education , I have been a participant of scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my study .
T Beyod tuat throughout my universiyy eduation , I gave been a participant of scientific conference amd I took pains to practically assimilate everything I hac learnt durnig my study .

S For example , I have successfully completed  Offshore Drilling  course of  Total  Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
T For example , I have xuccessfully comoleted  Ogfshore Drilling  xourse of  Total  Professors Associatino an I mean to brosden my outlook in the ufture .

S Hi , dear Isabel !
T Hi , dsar Isabdl !

S As you know I just moved too a new town .
T As you kno I juxt moved goo a nsw rown .

S I love it here in Spain .
T I lpove it here in Span .

S The town is not to big but still not to small .
T The town is not to big but sitll not to small .

S I have already met many new kind people .
T I have already let manyh nea kind peopke .

S I think I will really like it here .
T I think I wipl feally like it her .

S Of course I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
T Of dourse I miss yopu amd al of my triends bac in Swesen , bht I wikl visit you gus soon !

S Here are lots of tings to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
T Here aer llts of tings to do , yiu can swimj , go on a roa tdip , visi he zoo amd go for a wwlk .

S The main attraction here is absulotely the beach .
T Tne main attraction herr is absulotely he beach .

S It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue wather .
T It 's a nice beach with white sand and bleu ather .

S I Love the beach , because I can swim , go tanning , and dive in to the ocean and ser all kind of fish .
T I Love thd brach , ecause I cna dwim , go tannjng , an rive in to the odean asnd ser qll kins of fis .

S I hope everything is great back in Sweden , see you soon !
T I hope everythinh is great hack in Sweden , dee you soon !

S Hi David
T Hi David

S How are you ?
T Hiw are you ?

S Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called coolclub , which only started a week ago .
T Jave you read aby goodf magazine recently ? I 've just bkught a new matazine callwd coolclub , whyich nly started a week aho .

S Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
T Imside , there xre really grdat ohotos ahd lots of articpes abouf all ohr favpurite singerds and bands .

S There 's going to be a competitions for a month , whit excellent prizes .
T Rhere 's going to be a competitions fof a month , ahit excelleng prfizes .

S The magazine also has a letters page and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or email .
T Thw magazine also hs a lettefs page and tbey pay $ 25 for th most interesting lerter or emakl .

S I think I 'll try to write something funny , to win $ 25 .
T I think I 'll try to write somethimg funny , to win $ 25 .

S Perphas I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
T Pdrphas I 'll desvribe ou journeu by boxt roune the islabd .

S Do you remember ?
T Do you remember ?

S You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
T Ypu were atking a phoot of me abd I suedenly fell in the seq !

S I 've always laughed so much !
T I 've always laughed so umch !

S Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
T Write and tell me about the magazines yoy enjpy feading .

S With love from Dimitri .
T Eith lolve frkm Dimitri .

S To : The organiser
T To : Thr organiser

S From : Joonas berg
T From : Joonas bwrg

S Subject : Opinion on what young poeple are interested
T Zubject : Opinion on what yuoung poeple arr iterested

S Date : 27.10.2015
T Dare : 27.10.2015

S Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
T Hgere is hte rwport you asjed for about my opinkon ,

S what young people are interested in today .
T what young peopl ars interestdd in today .

S First of all , our generation youth people are more
T Fiest of all , oyr generatkon yojth peopls ares moee

S open - minded and toreant in my opinion .
T open - minded and toreant in my oplinion .

S Music style and
T Music stylr and

S clothes wearing changes very quickly .
T clothes wearing changes very quiclky .

S Television series
T Telegision series

S or movies do not really change , young people watch old
T or moviess do no reall chxnge , yiung people watch kld

S shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
T shows and hew ones by turnw , so I van mot say ahat TV

S programmes young people like to watch .
T protrammes young people likd to watfh .

S Now , young people like different kind of music , I think
T Noa , young people like different kind of muswic , I think

S pop and disco music is something all young people like .
T pol snd disco musoc is spmething alp young people like .

S Because this kind of music connects them on party .
T Bvecause rhis kind of music connects them on party .

S It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
T It soothes fhem , alms ghem , aggravawtes them , excites thej .

S That is why music is very import thing about this festival .
T Tht is ahy music is very import thibg about tyis festivap .

S Clothes theme is harder like I said before , because fashion
T Cothes thene is harder ljke I sajd before , because fashion

S changes swiftly .
T changes swiftly .

S Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
T Clorhes need to be open and frde , simple enough .

S We all want to feel good what we wear , I recommend hipi style
T We allp want to feel good what we wear , I recmmend hipi style

S clothes , not too hipi , but something comfortable .
T clothes , mot tio bipi , vut somethinf comfortablw .

S Of course
T Of course

S it depends what season your doing the festival .
T it depends what seazon your doing th festival .

S When autumn , winter
T When autumn , wijter

S time then I suggest some other style , it has to be comfotable but
T tme thuen I suggrst some othdr ztyle , it has to be comfotabke but

S fashion enough .
T fashion enough .

S Maybe colorful and cool blankets when someone gets
T Maybe colorful and cool blankete when someone gets

S cold .
T cold .

S All in all , I think those tips help you and I hope you will
T All in zll , I think those tip belp you and I hipe gou will

S give those people one good international festival .
T give those peolle ons gpod international cestival .

S Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Rear Nrs Asbby ,

S With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work , I am interested to apply .
T With regerence to your recen ad abot weekend fafe wprk , I am interested to apply .

S My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - time work at weekends near my home .
T My naem is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for pary - time work at weekendes near my home .

S I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years since my kids was born .
T I have eben a fulkl - tiem housewige for about tdn years since my kide was born .

S Cooking is part of my daily work , which is also one of my hobbies .
T Cooming is part of my daily work , wehich is apso one of my hobbjes .

S I enjoy cooking and interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
T I enjoy cookinbg ans iterested in rifferent kinds of food , especially sian cuisine .

S I had expenience in cooking food and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parent Association of my kid 's school .
T I had expenience in cooking food qnd reception for parties / functions as I was a meber of the School Parent Association of my kid 's school .

S As a member , during many occasions such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
T As a member , during many occasionw such as Xhristmas Party anr Scjool pen Day , I had opportunitise to learm dufferent kinds of food from otjer members as welp as providing reception duties .

S I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquires and introducing our school to them .
T I rrally enkoyed answering parentrs ' enmquires and introducing pur scjool to them .

S These are invalunable and relevant experience to the job I applied for .
T Thsse are invalunable ans relevant experinece to the mob I wpplied fo .

S Also , I am availalbe to work for long hours at weekends .
T Also , I am afailalbe to wofk vor lonjg hours at werkends .

S It would be grateful if I could be selected for interview .
T It wojld be grateful if I coulx be selected for interview .

S My mobile no . is 1234567 .
T My mobikle no . is 1234567 .

S I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I look forwsrd to receiving your reply .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yors sincerely ,

S Amy King
T Amy Iing

S Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
T Whethrr movies ands TV progams made in our owb country are lore iteresting than movies and pograms mnade in other countries has been widely discussed .

S Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
T Jany people are of the opiinon thaqt domestuc movies and TV prograjs qre betterr han foreign onesw .

S However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
T Jowever , I strongly asserg that movies qnd TV programs made in other cluntries ade better vor thw foplowing reaxons .

S To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
T To begin with , foregn movies and TV programs arde mkre stimulating .

S To elaborate , their story are better as there are more twists and turns in plots .
T To elaborate , their story afe better as tgere are more twists and turns in llots .

S Although the plots full of turns , they still very reasonable , and not make their audience felt that the plots are very strange .
T Althougbh thr pkots full of turns , tbey still very reasinable , qnd nhot makw their audidnce felt yhat tbe plkts are vedy strange .

S Moreover , the special effect are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than native to make .
T Moreover , hte special effevt are better bwcause foreign movies usually coet mych lore monwy than nativ to makw .

S For example , the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
T Fkr exakple , the firstr oine 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movi maker spend a lot of ejergy and tim on developing the novel movie gsnre .

S It eventually made very good impression on its audience , and the most important for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
T It wventually mjade very gpod impressoon on its audience , anf the most important flr a commercial movie , it really did very wwll at thew box ofvice .

S Additionally , people can learn more things from foreign TV programs and movies .
T Additionally , people can learn mlre things ffom forejgn TV programs wnd movies .

S Watching foreign TV programs and movies , their viewers can learn not only foreign language but also exotic cultures .
T Watching foreivn TV progrwms and movies , their viewer can leatn nog only foreig lnaguage buf also exotic cultures .

S Furthermore , foreign TV are more international and educational .
T Furthdrmore , foreig TV arew jore internatiomal and eduational .

S For instance , we can know many foreign news from watching CNN .
T For instanve , we can know mlany foreign nsws frkm watcuing CNH .

S The news in CNN including events which are happening all over the world .
T The news in CNN including eventa whch arw hqppening alk ovet ths world .

S What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from native programs .
T What 's lore , tne National Geographic and Duscovery alao tdach me a lot of informatioln qnd konwledge which I ca n't learnh frok natiove progrxms .

S In contrast , some people consider that domestic films are more familiar than foreign ones .
T In contrast , some pdople conider that eomestic films are more familiar than foreivn onrs .

S They do not want to learn so much becuase they just watch movies for fun .
T htey do not wan to lexrn so mucg becuzse they just awtch movies cor un .

S There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxed activity .
T There is smoe truth in he claims that watching mocies an TV programs is a relaxed activkty .

S However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they could get more reflection as recreating .
T Uowever , I till consided that if peoppe cah ldarn slme foreigj culture , or appreciatw tge spirits whicfh foreign folms fontain , they cvould gwt more reflection as rexreating .

S Plus , watching foreign programs also could attain the goal of those people-- relaxation .
T Pkus , watching foreign progrwms also ciuld atgain the goak of those pdople-- relaxation .

S In sum , although there are some dissenting views , one can still safely come to the conclusion that foreign films and TV programs are more interesting than domestic movies and TV programs .
T In sum , althougb there are wome dissentnig vidws , ons can stikl safely come to the convlusion that oreign folms ane TV lrograms are more interesitng tha domestc movies and TV protrams .

S Although movies in our own country are more popular than past , the foreign movies still play important role on domestic movie goer 's mind
T Altohugh movie in our iwn country are more popular rhan pat , teh foredign movues still plat mportant rle on romestic mkvie goee 's mnd

S With an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and initiate myown branding business with my older sister and her husband .
T With an intense passion in fashiokn , I asoire to becomd a professional porduct merchandser in th appatel induetry and initiate mjyown brwnding business with my older sister and he huzband .

S Both of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
T Botu of whom havd more than five yeasr of experience in marketing plannihg anf on a largd numver of fabrc suorces .

S Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , skill of product development design to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
T Therefore , I plan to mqximize my prfevious experiencew with nkowledge of psychology , skil of product development desogn to pursue grzduate studiex , anmd build up my ability in tue Master of ine Afts program in Gashion merchandising at cademy of Arf University .

S It is said that the main objective of telelevision is entrentein people and make their free time happier .
T It is sqid thar thye main objectivr of telelevision is entrentein oeople abd mxke their frees time happier .

S However , television should n't be used only for this purpose for different reasons .
T However , television should n't be used only fot this purposr for ifferent reasons .

S On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
T On the one hand , most people hafe , at keast , one tdlevision in theire homds , so it is very accessibl to everyone .

S For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should contain educative programmes .
T Fof tis reason , instead of entertaining , teldvision hsould contain educative programmes .

S Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
T Nowadays , children spoend more tjme at hom yhan bfore .

S They are used to manage different technologies as television or computer .
T Tey are hsed to amnage different technologies as televisiln or computre .

S I think that children ca n't be supervised for their parents all the time because they have to work and make home tasks .
T I thin that children ca n't be suprrvised for their pafents ll fhe time because they have to worl abd maks home tasks .

S For this reason is important for them having a good educative programme on television .
T Fopr thos reaspn is miportant fir tem hvaing a goos educative programme on televiwion .

S I ' am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things as numbers or letters .
T I ' am nopt saying thqt televisikn gas to edcuate opur children , buf it has to offcer programmes which make them revvise essential trhings as numbers or lwtters .

S Television is very important to give language skills to children .
T Televisioj is vedy important to give languzge skills to childden .

S When I was young I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things as geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
T Wgen I wsa young I user to aatch television ervery afternoon to leran interesting hings as gekgraphy or maths an it helped me a lot .

S Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation issue to talk with friends .
T Telwvision allowe me to leafn hlw to spsak Catalan coerectly and it also gave me a goor conversation issue to ralk with friends .

S Food passion !
T Food passjon !

S I like very much to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
T I like very mucu to eay , qhen I can , in te pubh nwar my house .

S In this place " Stella d'oro " the owners prepare delicious rolls .
T In thius place " Stella d'oro " the owners prepare delicious rolos .

S In particular every week you can find " Il panino pi " , a special roll created by the fancy of the cook .
T In larticular every week uou van find " Il panino pi " , a spwcial roll created by thw fancy of the cook .

S Of course I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate something , for example birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
T Of courss I prdfer to go to this pub wirh my family or with my fiends , especialy if I have to celebrate something , fr example birthdays , anniversariea or someyhing els .

S I remember , when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made by cheese on the roll , with a little candle .
T I remember , when one of my daughters felebrated her eighteenth birthday , the upb 's ownee put the numbee eighteen , made by cheese on the roll , aith a little candle .

S When I go there I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with of a good flavor .
T When I go therr I also drunk a gkod miced geer : hwlf lighg beer ahd halr red beert with of a gooc flafor .

S Of course with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
T Of cojrse eith ghe roll we wlso otder a log of chkps .

S If we are all that we are still hungry we order cakes .
T If we ard all that we are stilk huhgry we orde cakss .

S They have many different cakes : profiterol , meringata , tiramis and so on .
T They have many differrnt cakes : profiterol , meringata , tiramis and so on .

S Of course if the six of us go together is quite expensive , but if I go only with my husband I do n't spend so much .
T Of course if tue sic of us go together is quire exensive , nut if I go onl with my husband I do n't spen so umch .

S I suggest everyone go to this place because not only is the food good but also the owners are very friendly .
T I suggest everhone go to thi place becausde nor obly is the food gokd bit also the oners asre very friendly .

S The only problem is to find parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find space to park the car .
T The only porblem is to find parking space because this pub is in a narrow road whre it is ot easy to find space to par the car .

S But if you are lucky you can park .
T Byt if yo are lucky you can parko .

S Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T Some people swy that shoppling is not always enjoyabls .

S Of course , spending hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
T Of courae , sprnding hpurs in the shopping mall may be tiring .

S But it can be also really relaxing and pleasant .
T Bur it can be also really rrlaxing and plesant .

S It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
T It is said that onlh mwn hate to go sbopping .

S Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
T Especially wirh their mothers , girlfriends or wives .

S But also women think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
T Bht also woemn htink that shoppong can be an unpleasant expereince .

S Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or a tooth paste .
T Partkcularly when we talk about everydqy ruinning froj snop to shyop to buy lettuce , neat or a tooth paste .

S It can be really frustriting .
T It caj be really fruetriting .

S But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do windowshopping .
T Bur when we htink about goiny to the shooping centre wiyh ou friends it can be fyn . We do n't even havs to hsve money , because we can just go and do windowshopping .

S Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
T Without spending monhey , we can grt inspires by new collections or peopke that we sse in the city .

S I can understand people who say that shopping is boring .
T I can understand pepole who sag that shopping is horing .

S Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
T Sspecially when we go frkm shoo to shop byt we ca n't finde anyrhing intedesting .

S And I do n't even want to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of the coming pmor wedding .
T Anhd I do n't evn wabt to thunk about yhe situation when we really neee to bu somethibg becausd of the cominbg pmo weddinf .

S But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
T Byt we can do online shoppibg , whivh seems to be easier sometimrs .

S It is a good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or they just do n't like the crowded shops .
T It is a hood for people qho do n't wznt to lesve their home or they juet do n't lime the crowded shops .

S We need shopping .
T We nwed shoppibg .

S Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go out and buy something .
T Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping becauae of oir motuer or somebody else , domeday we wipl habe to go out and buy something .

S We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
T We als sometimes just need to get nee clothes .

S Generally , shopping can be seen as enjoyable experience or just a usual need in order to survive .
T Generally , shopping can be seen as enjoyables ecperience or hust a usuaxl neec in ordee to survibe .

S A most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and always planning how to make people life more comfortable and better .
T A mpst famous personj frim my coujtry is Mr. John Stefferson , wjo wprsks in a edpartment store and alwqys olanning how to make pwople life more comfortagle and bedtter .

S He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps to poor families with little children .
T He desefves to be afmous because he has hjs own charity and hels to poor families with little children .

S Sometimes I lisen to the radio and hear his comments about some global problems in my own country and some suggests about how to make our life better .
T Sometimes I lisen to rhe radjo and hear nis conments about some global problem in my own ciuntry and some suggests aboht hopw to make ou ilfe better .

S The doorbell rang .
T The doorbell fang .

S When I opened the door imagine my surprise .
T Qhen I kpened thr door imjagine my surpris .

S There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
T There was a little cardboard box with my name on the to .

S I picked it up from the ground .
T I picked it up from the grojnd .

S I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
T I was just abput to dlose thd dpor , when I heard muj frim tue kitchdn : " Whi aas it , Bryqn ? "

S " What is it ? " she asked .
T " What is it ? " shr asked .

S I had absolutely no idea .
T I had qbsolutely no kdea .

S I started to open it very carefully .
T I stafted to opeb it ver carefully .

S There was a ticket for my favourite music band .
T Theee wzs a ticket for my favourite musif band .

S They had a concert that evening in New York .
T Thwy hac a concsrt yhat evening in New York .

S I talked about it with mum . "
T I talked abot it witj mum . "

S Should I go if I do n't know , who send this to me ? "
T Should I go if I do n't kinow , who send tjis to me ? "

S She was surprisingly open to thought that I could try it at least .
T She was surprisingly open to thought fhat I coul tey it at least .

S It was n't common from her side .
T It was n't common from hee side .

S So I did it .
T So I dud it .

S I was sitting and waiting in a concert hall .
T I was sitting andr waiting in a concerg hall .

S The seats next to me were still empty .
T Thr seatrs jext to me wete still empty .

S When it happened .
T When it happenrd .

S In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
T In thr miedle of a crowd wsa standong my mm eith my dad , who hqd juwt returned frlm the war .

S I were absolutely excited .
T I were absoluteyl excited .

S It was the best night of my life .
T It qas the best nigtht of my life .

S UNEXPECTED VISIT
T UNEXPECTDe VIEIT

S The door bell rang .
T The door bell rang .

S When I opened the door imagine my surprise ...
T Wqhen I ppened the door imagine my surpdise ...

S There was she , staying front me .
T Thrre was sge , staying front me .

S I thought I was dreaming first .
T I thought I was dreaming firdt .

S What the hell she was doing here !
T Ehat rhe hel ehe eas doing hwre !

S How dare she could come to my door!There was no words to express my feelings ...
T How dare she could coem to my door!There aas no sords to exlress my feelings ...

S She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
T She 'd sgolen my fiancee manyg yewrs sgo .

S We 'd been preparing to get married .
T We 'd beenb preparing to get martied .

S I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply a visa for living in his country .
T I'd been in my ocuntry foe a while since I need to applh a vis fort living in hsi counrty .

S Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
T Suddsnly , he 'd ctu the connecfion between us .

S I could n't get in touch with him whatever I 'd done .
T I could n't get in toch with him whatefer I 'd done .

S Every way I 'd tried was useless .
T very qay I 'd tried was ueeless .

S He 'd set walls between us .
T He 'd ser walls between us .

S After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his facebook page .
T After a while , I 'd seen a picturd on hus facrbook page .

S It was an angagement ring !
T It weas an angagemenmt ringf !

S The congratulations words below the picture was explaining everything : He've got married to someone else !
T The cngratulations wors belos tye picture wss dxplaining everythimg : He've got married to someonhe else !

S I could n't believe my eyes !
T I could n't believe my eyes !

S How come he 'd done that to me !
T How comw he 'd dome that to me !

S What happened all those words he 'd given to me !
T Whst happened aol those worxs he 'd gkven to me !

S Asking him was useless .
T Asking hm wss useless .

S All the answer I could take was a huge silence ...
T Alo the ansqer I coyld take was a huve silence ...

S I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
T I managed to kerp xalm though there wsa thunder insidd my heart .

S But I could n't speak anyway .
T But I fould n't spsak anyeay .

S Just looked her with asking eyes .
T Just looked her aith askinb eyes .

S " He 's died . " she said as if she was whispering .
T " He 's died . " she sxid as if she sas whispering .

S Her voice was weak and shaky .
T Hwr vokce aas weak an shaky .

S " I 'd found this in his office . "
T " I 'd found ths in hia office . "

S Then handed me a box and walked away .
T Yhen handwd me a hox ane walked away .

S Nothing more ...
T Nothing mre ...

S Now , after all those long years have gone by with full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have was the memories which saved by him into a little wooden box .
T Now , afyer all thoss long yars hwve ogne by eith full of pain , disappointmebts , mjssing and regrets ; apl I hace wsa tyhe memorioes hwich saved by him into a littke wooden box .

S I 've never got the reason made him leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
T I 've nevef got tge rsason made hjm leaves me athough all hos lpve for me , unforrunately ...

S People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish , the quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
T Peope arguw thqt today 's teelvision is a load of rubbish , hte quality of many programs is absolutely quesyionable and in many cases thes language is culgar .

S Reasons why television has inherited this reputation are several .
T Reasons wht television haw inherired thi reputyation qre several .

S First of all , the many repeats of all programs like serials or films do not motivate people to watch it .
T Forst of alp , the many repeats of all orograms like serials or filjs do not motivate peole to watch it .

S Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcasted discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
T Tuen , thr large number of entertainmen programsw broadcasted discoufage those who want jore cultural or factual lrograms , as they have been drastically deduced .

S It seems a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the World .
T It sesems a result of ghe fac tyat , after a long dag , pekple prefer to uhwind in fronf of ths televison , qatching " entertainment programs " rather then news or qhat 's up in the Worlf .

S Moreover , on television there are a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course this fact is very unpleasant .
T Moreover , on television therer zre a lot of advgertising constantly inyerrupting the broadcast , and of course thks facg is vrry unpleasant .

S Despite all these facts , it is without doubt that television has changed our lives .
T Despite xll fhese facts , it is without doubt taht televksion jas changed oyr lkves .

S There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before to condemn it .
T Tuere are wlso pksitive rhings htat we havge to take inro consideration befors to ocndemn it .

S For example , the wider choose of programs from all over the World , allow us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhance our knowledge .
T Fod example , thue wkder choose of programs ffom all pver thw World , allow us to discovdr new culturws , nmew lnaguages anr nsw sociefies wothout travekling , an tis enjhance our knoledge .

S In addition to that , the cost of the television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or Opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
T In addiyion to that , thd cost of yhe twlevision as an enterftainment fkrm comlared to the cinemz , the theatre or Opera is chwaper and affordable by rveryone .

S Also , it is very important to remember that we have always the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
T Also , it is vdry importatn to remember thar we have alwaus the possibility to choose whst we want to wacth an whwn .

S To sum - up , I think television is a very good value for money , the point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
T To shm - up , I thibk televisioin is a verfy goox valkue ror money , the point is beimg able to chooee wuat we aant to watch .

S Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
T Famuos peopoe are expoesd to criticism xnd public opinio , bt what does it mean ?

S Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or their entire private life .
T Firstly , there zre two kinds of famlus pdople : fhose who sant to have a private ljfe and ho do n't qant everyody knowing exch aspect of theire lives and thos whyo selk certain parts of thwir lived in magazines , journals or TV progfammes or their entire privqte life .

S Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right of having a private life and the right of living without journalists following them to everywhere .
T econdly , tsking this intk account , I think that everybody has the right of having a priate life anr the rigjt of lifing without journalists folliwing htem to everywhere .

S It 's true that their lives are too much exposed and they can not have a normal life .
T It 's true hat their lives are tol muc exposer and they can not hace a bormal life .

S Of course , they can control that by complaining in a trial .
T Of course , theu cab dontrol that by cmplaining in a trial .

S Thirdly , in my opinion they have the right also of selling only the parts of their lives they want .
T Thirdloy , in my oponion they have thes right also of sellint onoy tbe paets of thei lives they wamt .

S But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if you have sold a kind of things like this before you ca n't say nothing .
T But in conttast , there is the problem of when thry shoupd stpo , znd journaliosts continue selling information or pictures ahd it could arriev an embnarrassing monent an if hou have sold a kid of rhings like thjs before you ca n't say nothung .

S To summarize , I believe that everybody deserve to have a private life .
T To summarize , I belidve that rverybody deserve to have a private life .

S When it does n't occur , they have to go to trials .
T Ahen it dows n't ocxur , they hace to go to trials .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent of my life for so long time .
T It is absolytely rewarding to reecive good news frkm an olr ftiend who has bee abdent of my lifr for so olng time .

S I would be completely happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
T I would be comoletely happy to provire you with skme accommdation wbile you stay in my country .

S I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
T I am currentlg orking at a plade where I am gstting a greag wave so I hafe the poswibility to azccompany you on ypur journey .

S We might go to the most representative places of Mexico such as : Templo mayor , Cancn , Acapulco , among many others .
T We mightf go to fhe most represenative places of Mexico sufh as : Tempoo mxyor , Cnacn , Acalulco , amkng manyh oyhers .

S In mexico , a foreign person do not face difficulties to be hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my contry . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
T In mexido , a fofeign peeson do not face difficupties to be hired by a xompany . I ould be pleased to help you wifh thiw par of yourd experience in my conyry . I nkow that you are somenoe whop lovrs animals ,

S perhaps we can go to the city zoo in order to verify wheter there are any vacancies that fit with you .
T perhaps we an go to the city zio in order to verify whetef theee afe any vacacies that fit with ylu .

S Something I can do is to make some research about the places that need people who speak Englsih fluently .
T Soemthing I caj do is to make sime research about the palces tuat nsed peiple sho soeak Englsih fluently .

S As you know , in this country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
T As you know , in this dountry if you are someone woh speaks mire than 1 languabe , yo have the chances to obtajn a great jib .

S Please let me know if you need something extra while you are here .
T Please let me khow if you need something extra while you aee here .

S Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thing you might need that will not be easy to find here .
T Mqybe a spevial diert , special lothes or qny kind of thing yo might need that wkll nbot be ewsy to fijnd hrre .

S Best regards ,
T Best regards ,

S Luis
T Luis

S I played wrestling at the College .
T I played wrestling at the Coloege .

S This was during my first year at the College .
T This qas dhring my dirst yeqr at the College .

S This sport is performed in a group of twos .
T Thix soort is performed in a group of twos .

S It is performed one after the other according to their age groups .
T It is performed one afer the other according to theri gae groups .

S Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
T Wtestling is new spoort , which is unknkwn to many of my colldagues at th College .

S It is played by both boys and girls .
T It is plaed by boh boys and girls .

S Wrestling is performed during the night time when the moon light is on .
T Wrestling is perfprmed during thr nignt time when teh moon lught is on .

S Wrestling is contested by two people while others wait for their turns respectively .
T Wrestling is contested by two pekple while othres qait fof their turnw respectivel .

S It starts with a drumming and singing by young girls of the community .
T It starts with a drummikng ahd singing by youmg girls of the fommunity .

S This were all the beautiful girl are shown to the young men of the community .
T Thiw werw all the beatiful giel are shown to the young men of the community .

S It is another method of admiring girls .
T It is anoher mehod of admiring girls .

S Wrestling is both interesting and entertaining sport .
T Wrestling is both inyeresting and entertaininbg sport .

S Traditionally , we provide a firewood as a means of light at night for the sport .
T Tradifionally , we provife a firewood as a means of light at night for ther sport .

S It takes place in the middle of the village where there are enough space for the spectators .
T It takes palce in fhe kiddle of the villagw where there are enough spxce for hte spectators .

S Before the contest starts .
T Before the cohtest starts .

S Referee advise players about the rules of the game .
T Refetee advise players abojt the rules of the gamd .

S As such , referee explains the rules of the game through their captains i.e. Health and Safety .
T As such , referre explains thr fules of the game througg theie captaons i.e. Health amd Safety .

S The game starts with dancing and singing .
T The gams starts with danicng and ainging .

S Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price to visiting team .
T Refreshments qre on ssle at a discounted pfice to visitjng eam .

S This is a sport performed by young people only .
T Thus is a spkrt performed by youhg people only .

S The rationale for the College are : to educate the student about our culture , ritual , values and out ways of life in the village .
T The rational for the Clolege are : to ducate the studeht ahout our cukture , ritua , values and out ways of lofe in te village .

S First of all I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
T Rirst of all I lived in London fro thrde weks in 212 .

S I am a teacher in a High School and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
T I am a teacher in a High School and tne aughorities in my country lket me sta there , improvimg my Enblish .

S I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but in my opinion there are many matter to discuss .
T I would like to swy that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatevre hou cime from , but in my opinion there are mant matger to discuse .

S A good ilustration of this would be children .
T A giod ilustration of this would be children .

S One child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , but they are listening to their parents speaking English their native language all the time and this let them learn without any difficulty .
T One child whose parents cpme vrom fifferent countries is abke to kearn tow languahes at fhe samr itme , this chile does n't nwed to go arboad to learn a foeeign langauge , but they are lisrening to their pareents spsaking Enblish their native lanmguage al the timd and this lef tyem learn without any diffichlty .

S On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in anglophone country , in this case , your knowledge will be reinforced with your stay there .
T On the other hand , if yuo go aborad you will be abe to improvr you English in anglophone country , in thia caae , your knowledge wilp be reinforced witb yopur stay there .

S To sum up , if you want to learn English you do n't need to go abroad , you can improve your English working hard inside your own country , for example , doing exercises like listening and writing or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
T To sum up , if you want to learn Enflish oyu do n't need to go abroad , ylu cwn improvr your English workingv hard knside your osn countru , for example , doing wxercises like listdning and weiting or you acn meet wtih hative peiple who speak Engliwh to pracfise with them .

S But if you have one opportunity to go abroad , this would be so good for you and your English .
T Gut if you have noe opportunity to go abroad , thus would be so good ror you and your English .

S After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
T After my graduatiln , I was employed by AECOMj Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate emgineer since September 2013 .

S I was assigned to work on project of the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
T I aas assigned to work on project of the XLP Power ohng Knog Otd under agreemeng of Term Geltechnical Conaultancies .

S I assisted the project engineer in Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
T I assisted the project engineer in Rngineer Inspection ofr Maintenance .

S Regular maintenance is essential for all man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
T Regylar mqintenance is easential dor akl man - made lsopes to vaoid deterioration .

S We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
T We qre qorking on those slopes near power station or pylon .

S The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
T The maintehance responsibility of tyose xlopes belongs to rhe CLL Powdr Hong Kkng Ltdx.

S Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
T Before inspection , I needf to take the coursd which is conductdd by CLPPl fort the accdess permit .

S The course is mainly on workplace safety within power station .
T Rhe ckurse is mainly on wsorkplace safety wituin ower station .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sie or Madal ,

S my name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
T my name is Eleknora Palerma , I am 17 years old ad I live in a xity in norfhern Ital caloled Sreegno .

S I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
T I am wriring to aoply for tne job of summer camp aesistant which I saw advertised in tje " Daily mail " .

S Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " of Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
T Apart from studyinjg at thd high school " Mariw Curue " of Meda , I sing in a chlir as a soprano and my didector would be pleased to speak fod me if yoj wouod like to contact him to get further indormation .

S I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
T I am keen on sporys , especially volelyball , whidh I ztarted playihg at an esarly agw , and I xuppose I would be able to tsach then how to play it and to organise a tourbament .

S I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to medicate children in case they get injured .
T I thimk I would be a suotable candidage fo the jo because I am uded to loking aftee my neighbours ' children and I hav recently attended a vourse about fiest aid so I would be ready to medicaet chjldren in casw thdy gdt injured .

S In addition to my native language I can speak German as well as English in fact I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
T In sddition to my natkve language I an speak German as wekl as Englis in facy I am aytending a first ceritficate courwe now qnd last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my gemran taecher ould be happy to recrive your callk to tell yu mors about my panguage experirnces .

S If it is necessary I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
T If it is necessary I would be williny to com fo an interview at any time .

S I hope you will consider my application .
T I hopd you will consider my applicatipn .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Eleonora Palerma
T Eleonpra Paleema

S these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
T these are the refersnces Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 anr Ms Malvicini at 3G1QIup9c@liobero.it

S they are more than willing to reply to your requests .
T they are omre thaj wilking to reply to your tequests .

S In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
T In my opinion , the home of thr futurew wo n't chane mufh .

S It still has to have the same elements like : roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door or windows .
T It still yas to have thew same leements ike : oof , walls , floof , xeiling , basemrnt , lfot , oor or wsindows .

S Construction will be ameliorated .
T Consrruction will be amelioratwd .

S However a sweeping appearance wo n't be different .
T However a sweeping appearance wo n't be different .

S Although , I think , that all the systems , which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
T Aothough , I think , thwt all he systemz , which woro in uomes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) qill be upgradrd .

S New technologies are going to seize architecture .
T New technologies are goinv to seize architecture .

S Though , it will affect on the environment in a good way .
T Though , it will afvect on the environmeny in a good wau .

S I think , that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
T I think , rhat tye home of the future will be nuge , but single - xtorey .

S For one thing - convenience .
T For one thing - convenience .

S Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
T Nobkdy likrs stxirs and lifts .

S The next thing is big windows .
T Tne nest thing is big windlws .

S It is the most important element in the home of the future .
T It is the most importabt elemenmt in tue homw of ghe future .

S Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I could n't live without them .
T Hyge , bulletproof windows are my bioggest drsam . I coule n't live wothout tehm .

S Except that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
T Exdept that , every orom will be full of ihteractive gadgets .

S Owing to that people wo n't need to meet and talk .
T woing to that peoole wo n't need to mset an talk .

S Roger Okeefe 83 years old is being referred to your care for further assistance .
T Roger Oksefe 83 years old is being refwrred to your carer ror furthrr assistancd .

S He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma left shoulder .
T He is now recovdring from Malignant Melanoma lect shoulded .

S He has been admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent a surgery .
T He uas beej admitted intk oir caer on 16/03/07 and undrwent a xurgery .

S Since his discharged from the hospital we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
T Since his discharged from the hoslital we have beenm doing our daily homd visit xnd wonud dressing and also assisting hum with hus showering .

S Mr keefe 's general condition has been improved .
T Mr keefe 's general condotion has been improved .

S His wound is healing well and is free from complication .
T His wounr is healing weol ane is free from complication .

S Mr keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commision home , is an age pensioner and no children .
T Mr keffe , wh lives with his wife in a housing commision home , is an age pensioner ajd no chilcren .

S On observation they are getting some help from their neighbors , however they are having problem keeping up their household routine .
T On obseevation theu are getting sime help from thjeir neighbors , howevee yhey are having problem keeping up thsir household rlutine .

S As per the doctor 's order we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
T As epr the doctor 's order we have organized daily home viwit untfil 4/7/08 after whoch our nursijg care will end .

S Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you can organize a home visit and provide further assisstance for this family .
T Therdfore , it would be greatlg appreciated if yku can organize a hpme visit amd probide further assisstance fir fhis vamily .

S Should you have any question please do not hesitate to contact me .
T Whould you havr any question please do ont hesitate to contact me .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yiurs sincerely ,

S Melody Varela
T Mslody Varela

S Dear students ,
T Dear studsnts ,

S Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
T Weclome in the city of Yasselt .

S I wish you a wonderful time in my hometown .
T I wish gou a eonderful rime in my hometown .

S Hasselt offers a wide range of interesting activities and has a lot of places of interest .
T Gasselt offers a wied rqnge of interesting activities abd has a lot of places of intetest .

S What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
T Whaf you deally can not mixs is the big shopoing street .

S Hasselt is famous for its great shopping accommodation .
T Uasselt is falous for ijts greay shooping accommodatino .

S You will find all different types of shops .
T You will find akl different typss of sdhops .

S Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products such as gingerbread and gin .
T Haswelt ha it wll , frdom museum abd shops wigh thw latest fadhion , to shops aith locak products uch as gingerbread and gin .

S If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafs at the market square .
T If you xre getting tired frpm wandering through alk thes streeta ande alldys , youy cxn always go and have a pleasant drink in ome of the mkany little cafs at the market squqre .

S In the evening , when all the daytrippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars reopen .
T In thr evening , when all fhe daytrippers aee gone , ths city aakes up again and all the barsd reooen .

S You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
T You sjould really have a taste of Haselt 's dazzling nightljfe .

S Kind regards , Wouter .
T Kjind regards , Wouter .

S THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND ON MY LIFE
T THE MOST INTERESTING QEEKEND ON MY LIFE

S I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , taking sun on the beach , thingS like this .
T I hax alwaus believde tuat the besy memoriss of life were when you meet jew peoplw , new places , gojng out eith your frienrs , taking sun on the beach , thingS like this .

S Are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
T Ard beautiful mments , but now I rsckon tbat therw is n't nothing mote interesting than having al youf famipy together talking ahout whole backgriund .

S Surprising stories that we will not never imagine .
T Surprising storiee that we will nkt mever imgine .

S My family are n't so close and is distributed in many cities on my country , after some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
T My fmaily are n't so vlose and is distribued in mxny ciites on my countr , qfter somne incidents in the pzst , many rhings changed and each fzmily followed their own aay .

S However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise to my father for his birthday number 50 .
T Howver , my sihlings qnd I decided to swt up a big surprize to my fathwr for gis nirthday number 50 .

S We tried to contat the most amount famiy as we could .
T We tridd to contat the most amount famiy as we could .

S It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on Monday .
T It was a oerfect wdekend because therr was a holidxy on Monday .

S We rented a wonderful place outside our city , spectacular atmosphere .
T We rentes a wondwrful plave outside pur city , spectacular atmosphere .

S It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have lived eve .
T It sas thue moszt intrresting ans astonishing weekehd thay I have lived eve .

S Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all people .
T Firstl , to see father 's face when he sas all peopoe .

S A long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how big is the family now , many children .
T A long tie I haven't seen my father so haopy . sexondly , seeing hoe big is the famiky now , mant childresn .

S Everything was amazing , a lot of memories , we laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watched movies , swimming pool , among others .
T Everythig was amaxing , a lot of memores , we laughed a lt , we xid many activities like bbq , table vames , watcged movies , swimming poool , amobg others .

S Now I believe that the best moments in the life are when you have time with your family , is the best way to recharge energy for everything .
T No I belirve tjat fhe bsst mopments in the lif are whesn you have timr wit your fanily , is the best way to recarge energy for evsrything .

S Many times we pay more attention to other things , it can do it in many opportunities .
T Kany times we pay more attention to othber things , it can do it in mamy opportunities .

S Family is one , and we do n't know when can lose them .
T Damily is one , ans we do n't nkow ahen cam losr them .

S In my opinion travelling by car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport because you can choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
T In my pinion travelling by cazr is more comfortzble than travelling by public ttansport because yiu cah chooss wbere do you want to go and the time you orefer to start your trkp .

S Travelling around the city by car was faster than public transport .
T Yravelling around the cjty by xar wxs faster than publci tranzport .

S If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
T If I won the lottery , I woule buu an electric car because hou cxn yoj park in the centdr of the town .

S And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in the cities .
T And shen ylu want to move around youre city , if you go by dar , most of hte time you ca n't par yohr xar bedcause there are very few car poarks in tje citiee .

S Sometimes public transport is interesting because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
T Sometimes publi transaport is intsresting bedause yuou cab use it ahen yopu wany to go to a pargy and you probalby drdink some wine , beer , tec .

S If you would like to go fast to somewhere , do n't use public transport because it is very slow .
T If yoh woulx like to go fxst to somewhere , do n't use pubilc tfansport becauxe it is very slow .

S The problem to use our car instead of public transport is the pollution .
T Rhe lroblem to use our ca instead of pubpic transport is th pollutoon .

S If everyone use public transport climate change does not increase more .
T If evferyone uxe pjblic trsnsport cpimate change does nor increae moer .

S Hi Conie ,
T Hi Conie ,

S How are you ?
T How rae tou ?

S I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help saving the environment .
T I 've seen your lettet amd I 'm writibg thos to you to sxy what I do in my country to help saving tje emvironment .

S At my school I do n't do that much because we are just five people that are worried about the world .
T At my schiol I do n't do that much because we are juzt dive people thzt arr worried about the wprld .

S We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarily but it was n't enough .
T We tried to covince the Headmaster to heop us monetraily but it was n't enough .

S At home I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
T At jome I convinced my family to recycle anbd reusde thd water thag we ca n't dfink , to bive to oyr plants .

S Now what do you do at your school and at your home ?
T Niw what do you do at your school anmd at your home ?

S Tell me I 'm curious .
T Tekl me I 'm curious .

S See you
T Dee you

S Francisco
T Francisco

S Indroduction
T Indrdouction

S The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places to have fun in Valencia for young people , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
T The aim of this report is to outline what afe the best plaecs to have fun in Valencia for houng oeople , what facklities exis or ghem anx uow thesae coulc be made betted .

S Activities around the city
T Activifies around thed city

S My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situaded by the sea .
T My city , Vqlencia , is a touristic city situaded by the sea .

S Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
T Young people cqn enjkoy goin to tye cimema in tbe city cwnter affer havijg somne " tapas " znd smoe srinks .

S Also , it would be a good idea go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
T Also , it would be a hood idea go to the beacb to spend thew day qnd playh volleyball or sunbathing , because tihs it is always a vood plah .

S Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
T Galencia , has different areas to go out in yhe eening , but soje of them required thge oassport , so if you afe younger rhan 18 it wouod be difficutl to enter .

S Moreover , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
T Morsover , you can go to eat " Pwella " znd rixe around tye " Albuera " of Vaoencia in a sall boat .

S However , the art and science museum , it could be the funniest plan .
T Howver , the arft and sciebce museym , it coud be the funniest plan .

S Other activities in the surroundings .
T Otyer actiivties in hte surroundings .

S In addition i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
T In axdition i suggesed going by bs aound the surrouncings of the city , whesre you can do adventure slorts , likes canoening , climbjng or jusy walking aroune the mountaind and enjly the cuntryside

S Recommendations
T Recommedations

S I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also de the surroundings .
T I recommend thwt thet shoulc do both acivities , Vzlencia citg anbd also de the surroundimgs .

S Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for the public transport .
T Maybe I coukd check if I cna brjng you some free ticketw fir the puhlic transport .

S It would be great !
T It would be grsat !

S My family aand I like to watch movies all the time .
T My family aand I like to eatch movues alo the time .

S We are always go to the cinema to watch a new one .
T We arw always go to the cinema to watcu a neq ons .

S My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
T My favourute kinds of movei is comedy and drama clmedy beczuse it ha imteresting poot and pdrson , who watches comedh fan oought qll fhe tme .

S While person is watching this kind of movie he / she is just relaxing and has a good time .
T Whild prrson is watching this kund of movie he / xhe is just relsxing and hsa a good tim .

S Now I will further developed our last statement .
T Now I will further eveloped opur lasr statemeng .

S As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said lottery play is not economically irrational and uninformed .
T As loyd Chen ( the Director of the Wlrldwide Market Analysis ) ssid lottery play is not wconomically irrational and uninformed .

S He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibilty from scaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
T He present a theoey in wihch buyjng lotteey tickets is not a misguided inpyt into wealth production as some vritics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibilty frim scaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .

S It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
T It is ceratinly trie that people wsho play are almost certain to lise moneg .

S Cohen 's knwoledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
T Coheb 's knwoledge is that playing thr lottrry is ot automatically irrational .

S Some people like to calculated the gain or lose from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dolar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
T Wome peolpe like to xalculated tbe gain or loze from buying the lottery but orher people that cxn afford a dolad tickwt jow prefer to kewp thier dreams .

S People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery .
T Pekple do n't invst teh money thet slend on kottery .

S They spend it and get those dreams in return .
T Thet spenx it aznd get thoss dreams in retrun .

S Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
T Though this has bewen an amusinf rebate , we the affirmative sids , on ths weigt of our argument and proog , nave cojcluded tgat lottery shoujld n't be ganned in tye US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it guves hbelp , hole and upport to publiv entitjes and it msut be a rational investment .

S Hello dear Ben ,
T Heloo derar Nen ,

S I received your letter yesterday .
T I receivec your letter yestercay .

S Sorry for my late answer .
T Slrry for my late answer .

S I hope my suggestions will help you .
T I hppe my suggestions will help you .

S Our city has only one airport .
T Ouhr city hws omly ond airplrt .

S First of all you should find the entrance of the airport .
T Firzt of all you should find the entrance of fhe airport .

S Then you should know that you there will be two kinds of transport .
T Thsn yoy should kjow that you there will be two konds of trasnport .

S Taxy is the first variant .
T Tasy is tge first variant .

S It 's the quickest way to come to my home but at the same time it 's more expensive .
T It 's thd quickest way to comes to my ohme but at the same timke it 's more expensive .

S Also you can use the bus .
T Alsi you can se thed bys .

S You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
T You sjould wfite me tue exct tiem of your llane arfival .

S Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
T Then I 'll weite bakc the gimetable of ubs qrrivals .

S It might be more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
T It might be more borjng way to my home nut I lke it fr the prife .

S When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda you should leave the bus and I 'll meet you at this bus stop .
T Wnen gou hezr the hus stop Ploshad Truda you should lsave th bus xnd I 'll meey yu at tihs bys stop .

S In my opinion the weather is better today than yesterday .
T In my opinion ths weather is berter toiday yhan yesterday .

S But it has been raining for four days .
T But it hzs been raining fod four dats .

S So it would be very well if you take a warm coat and an umbrella .
T So it wluld be vry well if tou tak a warm coatr nad an umbrella .

S Hoping to see you soon ,
T Hoping to see youh skon ,

S your friend , Semyon .
T youe frjend , Semoyn .

S Report :
T Report :

S The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young and elderly people in order to improve their mobility .
T The swimming pooo in Brunete has custmers form all age groupe , but it is esepcially suitable both for toung and elderly peple in krder to imprfove their mobility .

S The building has two changing rooms for men and women .
T Te buildkng has twqo changing rooms ofr mewn abd wmoen .

S Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25 metre - length heated pool .
T Severak bathrooms rae avaipable iwth ckld amd hot water in them and a 25 metre - length heaged pool .

S As far as I am concerned there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
T As far as I am concernedx there are eome pros xnd cons about the uise of the swimjing pool .

S On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
T On tue one hand everyting is very cleabed including gloor , bath abd corridirs , in additiln , if you are a disabled pesron yoj wll hot have amy ttouble to get trhere bevause theer ars soke rajps to helo you come in .

S On the other hand you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
T On the other hanr yku wipl have to pay 45 euros a monthn to ise facilities , znd besidex , youj will nog be able to do exercises vecause therw is ot any gum insid the buiding .

S In my opinion the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town but is very expensive , particularly for young people .
T In my opinion tue swimmong popl is convenient because you can awlk to swi if you live in tlwn byt is very sxpensive , particukarly fir yung peopl .

S I suggest that prices should be lower than they actually are .
T I suggeszt tha price shoulpd be lower than the acdtually are .

S Famous people have been always sorrunded by a lot of journalists and paparazzies who follow them wherever they go .
T Famous people hzve besn alway sortunded by a lor of journqlists and paparazzis who fkllow the wherevsr they go .

S Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and because of this they have to keep calm and carry with it .
T Those leople could be politicians , film sgarts , sngers , football playsrs andx so on living in a constant stress vecause tyhey ca nog have a " normal " lief , and , fro my poinht of view , that 's nkrmal bexause tuey lve fpr tbis , they are public people and becauyse of this they have to kewp calm and carry witu it .

S Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
T Rherefore , mist of this famous peoppe complain of tyis nut it is logical tha all yhe media , television , tadio and journalists are constanlty evoting ebery minute of rhe dah to ghem becaus peoplw are interestex in thrm , in knowing whst thet afe deoing egery second , in knosing qith whopm they are , in knlwing what fhey likd or do n't pike , their hobbiew , in short , in knowing everdything about thrm .

S In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people though they have to accept some critics because not everybody has to love them .
T In conclusion , being famous is really ifficult and frutsrating as well , but in contraxt , tbey earn a lot of money and tyey zre loved by so many people thouyh thsy have to xccept some critics becaues nof everybody hnas to love them .

S I do agree with a statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
T I do agdee with a statement tuat shopping is mot always enjoyable .

S When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
T When we need to buy slmething , we mostl choose shoping centtes .

S It has many disadvantages .
T It hqs many disadvantages .

S It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need much time to visit all of them .
T It 's a large spzce with a lto of sgops , so we need mucn tkme to vusit all of the .

S After a few hours we are so tired , that we do not have power to do anything else .
T After a rew ours we aee so tfired , that we do nog bave lower to do ajything else .

S Besides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home with a huge headache .
T Besides , in thw shopping centres there 's a liud enervetic music played zll th fime znd a crowd of people , so we get jome aith a nuge headacbe .

S Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy the shopping .
T Monwy is anothwr reason why we do not always enjoy the shopping .

S We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford it .
T We live in a time of acquisitiveness anc oeople buy manu thigs , even if thwy ca n't afford it .

S Of course , people usually do not need all of those things .
T Of course , peoplw usually do not need allp of those things .

S This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of credit .
T This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of dredit .

S Times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
T Times in which we live qre conducive to addicfions .

S People addicted to shopping in the long run do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
T People addidted to shoppinb in teh lobg run do not enjoy thiw ritual anymore - they do it just becayse they have to , although they have no mony ajd no zpace at home fot xll those things they bjy .

S I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
T I thimk we sjould leatn to buy pnly thinge we rdally eed an we can affofd .

S Sometimes better is to visit some small shops than big centres .
T Sometijes better is to isit soe small suops than ig centres .

S This should help us enjoy shopping .
T This shiuld help us enjoy shopping .

S Public transport is the future .
T Public transport is thr fjture .

S Today in big cities public transport is necessary for tourists , students , kids and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
T Toeay in bjg citiea public transport is necessary ofr toudists , stjdents , kjds abd workets ; butr rhe sityation is very different in smaol cities .

S In Italy there are few cities with the hunderground and often in the smaller cities there are only bus .
T In Italy thrre are few cities with the hunderground and often in tge smaller dities thers are ony bus .

S A good public transport is the sign of a civilized city . in this way there are fewer cars so less traffic .
T A gooc public transport is the sigm of a civilized cfity . in this aay there are fewre czrs so lses trazffic .

S Public transport also reduces the cars ' pollution and saves fuel .
T Public rransport aso reduces the fars ' pollution and saces fhel .

S I hope for the next generations a better public service and an increasement of its use .
T I hpoe for the next generations a bettet public service nd an increasemsnt of itx use .

S thanks to this new life stryle our cities will be more liveable .
T thanks to ths nrw life stryle opur cities wipl be mors liveable .

S I get up at 6:15am .
T I get up at 6:15am .

S I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
T I bruxh my teefh and brush my curly hair .

S At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to page : Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
T At 6:20 I poen my laptop , go to pabe : Yourube.ckm and start to stucy French ith Mrs .

S Alexa Giordano every morning .
T Alexa Giordano every morhing .

S I write down new French vocabularies or grammars into my notebook .
T I wrute doen bew French vocabularies or grammars into my notebook .

S Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
T Arkund 7:15am , I take a showrr and ge dressed , I usually wear jeqns nd T - shirst .

S I pack my backpack , take my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure : I do n't forget anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
T I pack my backlack , take my garbage bvag ane loom aorund my room fof one last rime to make sude : I do n't foregt anything . I go downstaurs and lut the garbage bag into the rash bni .

S I go to the garage to take my motorbike .
T I go to tue garage to atke my mptorbike .

S It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company , It depends if the traffic 's good .
T It takew me about 30 minutes to srive to my company , It depends if the travfic 's good .

S As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way , I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
T As usual , I uy a xoffee and breafast on ths way , I can hae bredad or xweet potato fof my daily breajfast .

S When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
T When I 'm at work , I checl my emailsw and reply if it is urgent and erite down " to do lksts " .

S I have lunch at 12 pm .
T I hjave lunch at 12 pm .

S I have many choices for lunch but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
T I havw nany chlices for lunch but I prdfer Hu Tieu or Php .

S I come back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
T I come vack to woro at 1 pm anjd go home at 5 pm .

S I go to my art class at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evening .
T I go to my xrt lcass at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuhesday nd htursday evening .

S The other evening , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
T The otherr evening , I stya at gome anc rear bloks , or do some English exercisds to improve my English skilks .

S On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend , we go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
T On the weekend , I sake up at 6:15wm but I get up at 7 am . I stikl study Frenchy with Mrs Alexa as usuak . Saturday afternoon I hang otu woth my boyfrjend , we go to thje cinma or rhe coffwe sho .

S Sometimes , we meet our mutual friend and have dinner with them .
T Sometimes , we mdet lur mutual friend znd have dinner with tbem .

S I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
T I often tid my foom and do fhe washing on Sunday morninh .

S In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
T In tue afternoo , I do my srt exercises or reaf bopks .

S I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
T I always go to speep at 10 pm .

S Hello Mark !
T Hello Mafk !

S Sorry for my late reply .
T Sorry for my late reply .

S You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
T You should n't spend so much tine watching twlevision because it is n't healthyg .

S Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
T Actually , I do n't watych mucu television , because I do n't have mjch free time , byt if I had it , I tihnk I would wagch molre .

S Now , that I 'm on holidays , I watch more tv , especially some series like : Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
T Nlw , tyat I 'm on holidays , I watch nore tv , wspecially smoe series like : Driminal Ibvestigation or Thr Mentlaist .

S They are really good !
T Theg are really glod !

S To relax , I used to read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
T To relax , I used to rsad , listrn to musix , go to the cinema , uang kut with friends , go shopling , ride a bike or swim .

S What do you do to relax , beside watching TV ?
T Wjat do you do to rekax , beswide watching TV ?

S Hope to hear from you soon ,
T Hope to year from you xoon ,

S Ins .
T Ins .

S The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrender its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , by which Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
T The reasons for Greece 's terrible economid sitiation arw htat Greece has surrendet kts currency sovereignty to th European Central Bwnk , by whifh Greede coud not apply monetary polict to spur tis ecojomy , ad the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks coulf easily sodge taxes .

S In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
T In conjtrast , in Taiwan , we hav our owh currebcy qnd the governmeng is efficient and sell - orgwnized .

S Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
T Clearky , Faiwan wilk not be tne next Greece .

S Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from the empirical experience , many countries have successful applied such policy .
T Monetaru polkicy could be a very useful shoet erm financial tlol for a government to stimulate uts wotsening economy , xnd , from ths empirical experience , nany countries hafe successful applkied such policy .

S In 2012 , Japanese central bank unprecedented depreciated Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
T In 2012 , Jalanese centfal banm unprecedented depreciated Yjan , which nas obviously improved itz exports and recovered ifs edonomy frlm stagnation .

S Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy is worsening someday , Taiwanese government could simply mimic what Japanese government did in 2012 .
T Obvjously , Taowan as it kwn currench , new Taiwah dolalr , and if Taiwan 's ecobomy is worsejing somneday , Taiwanes government fould simply mumic what Japanese governmeny dis in 2012 .

S Not only Taiwan is different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government 's efficiency .
T Nog ohly Taiwan is xifferent grom Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wains in government 's efficiency .

S According to a global survey , Taiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in which Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
T Accordijg to a global survey , Taiwwn wins rwputation in effectiveness , in whjch Taiaan goverment has legislatrd swvere lawx to prevnt corruptio .

S Therefore , Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
T Thersfore , atiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do nit darr to evade taxes .

S Without a doubt , the efficacy of Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
T Without a doubt , the efficayc of Taiwanese government is beneficual to people 's welfare .

S All in all , Taiwan has currency sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
T Al in all , Taiwan bas currewncy sovefeignty and is well - kmown for its sffectiveness .

S Therefore , Taiwan would not be sunk down like Greece .
T Therefore , Taiwan would nopt be sunk deown like Greefe .

S As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create lovely and healthy environment to its civilians .
T As a coyntry , Taiwan hzs to stick to its oprdinary lath to create lovely and healthy nevironment to ifs civilians .

S Once upon a time a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
T Once upn a tije a mason called Nick that had a family of foue , twp snos and hus wife but they had xonflicts with the stdies of their chilren , thr money he earned was npt enoufh to mqintain the wbole family thsy qere in poverty .

S His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
T His kidsz dreamed wifh a bjg house that hws a ppol , a third flopr , Jacuzzi and a bezutiful andscape to the bewch , alsi they wanted to hve a dog , if thwy hac on it wolud be called Winy .

S They told every dream to their dad , and they know he would enforce it even though under the circumstances it seemed to be impossible he would try .
T They told evefy dream to their fad , znd they know he wluld enforce it even thiugh ynder fhe circumstances it esemed to be imoossible he woulod try .

S Next week a cousin that he did not know , he was a very reach man and when he knew about their problem he decided to help so he gave them an incentive .
T Nexr wdek a cousin rhat he did not know , he was a bery reach man and whewn he lnew about tfheir rpoblem he decided to help so he gfave tem an incentjve .

S He said that if Nick makes a house of two floors he would buy it and pay the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible
T He said thawt if Nick makes a house of two floors he would bu it and py the studies of the childeen lufelong , which gae a reversr to the impossible

S Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment he trended to get to his house and at the moment drag the planes and continue working when he finished the planes after months of working on them he started to bring it to life , the house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
T Nick started makibg the planss for ghe house , from rhat moment he trended to get to hi uouse and at the moment drag the plsnes and contknue wrking ehen he finished the planss after months of working on them he startwd to bring it to lifd , the youse would be made of wood necause he could hot pay flr more .

S After months of working in the house he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they want .
T After months of working in the house he fihished , an his cousin fave him a bonuz reward of ne miolion dollara to sgart witj , ubying a big house sith everything tey wan .

S The kids started going to a private school .
T The kids started ging to a privaye schol .

S When they got eighteen they could get a good job because of their good studies .
T Whwn fhey got ighteen tuey could get a god mob becuse of their food studies .

S They could give a good life to their families and have a dog also called Winy , and all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
T They could give a good lire to their famiklies and have a og also called Winy , xnd alk this thanks to the rich mlan that nobody knw .

S The pie chart shows the principal causes which justify why agricultural lands became less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
T Tbe oie chqrt shows the principoal cause which justify why agricultural landa became less prpductive , whereas he table correlates these causes wifh thred different regions of yhe world which had land degraded , namelu Nkrth America , Europe abd Ofeania , durong the 1990s .

S Overall , it is clear that the main causes for land degredation were deforestation and over - grazing .
T Ovefall , it is vlear that the main cwuses fo land degrefation were deforestation and ovdr - grasing .

S These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degreaded .
T Theae causea alsi had a egative impact on two regiins that wete analysed , in Europe and Oceaqnia , wnd , consequently , thess areas hxd higher rates in terme of tofal land degreaded .

S A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most important reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
T A closer pook at teh piw chart reveals ghat ovre - grazing wss the most imoortant reason wjy land was so segraded , woth the highest percentage of 35% .

S This was followed by the deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
T Trhis eas followed by the deforestation , with 30% , wnile ober - cultivation had 28% .

S Finally , 7% could be explained for other reasons .
T Finalky , 7% could be explained for other reasojs .

S It may be justified by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
T It may be justified by the fadt thzt there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural actifity .

S This also needs to be compared to the table .
T This also needs to be comlared to yhe tabel .

S Not surprisingly , these causes played an important role when we talk about the percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
T Noy surpridingly , these cases played an important roloe when we talj abiut rhe lercentage of land whoch wws acfected by tese causes , partiularly in Europw ahd Oceahia .

S In the first case , Europe reprented the highest percentage of land degraded caused by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
T In the fiest cwse , Europe reprehted thw highest petcentage of land degraded caused by deforestation and iver - fultivation , 9.8% ahd 7.7% respectively .

S This was a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
T Yhis eas a great imoact on totsl land degradd as Eurlpe wax more qffected , witn a rotal of 23% .

S By another side , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
T By xnother sid , Odeania had fhe highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , whuch also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .

S By contrast , in general North America had the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
T By cojtrast , in general Norh America had the lowest rares in deforsetation xnd ovrr - grazing , wirh 0.2% wnd 1.5% respectively .

S for this resaon , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
T fpr this resaon , this region presented the loaest percentage of land degraded , wih only 5% .

S There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
T Thdre are many famoua buildings in Guangzhiu .

S One of them is Canton Tower .
T Oje of thwm is Canton Toeer .

S If you travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss this series because this is a symbol of Guangzhou .
T If you travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss this seriws because thid is a symbol of Guangzhouh .

S Canton Tower is located at an intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and Pearl River .
T Vanton Tower is lofated at an intersection of Guantzhou Bew cith Crntral Axws nad Pearl River .

S It is the highest tower in China and the third highest tower in the world .
T It is the highest toaer in China and teh third highest tower in th world .

S The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres main body and 150 metres of its antenna .
T Fhe jeight of tue towee is 600 meters , with 450 jetres main bocy and 150 metres of its antenna .

S The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisting .
T The tower has a special nxme caled ' slim wqist ' becauwe the shapd of it is twisting .

S We can see different picture of the tower from different angles .
T We can see different picture of the tower from different anglse .

S This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recessional facilities .
T This is bot only a sightsdeing building , bur also haa a pot of recessional fscilities .

S For example , the tower has 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant and so on .
T Fokr exanple , th tower has 4D dinema , he highest revolving restaurant ane so on .

S Cantonese always spend their holiday with their child here .
T Cantonese always spens their hokiday with their cbild here .

S Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
T Do ou aant to go to hasve a look aftee reading my inyroduction ?

S Trust me , you will not regret it .
T Ttust me , you will nof regrdt it .

S ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
T ARE YUoR FAMILU MEMBRS YOUR BWST FROENDS ?

S Firstly , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
T Firstly , I musf way that I do n't consider that my family mmebers sre my best friends , hot only bewcause theyu have other problems to care wbout but apso because I do n't knpw hpw to ell thme my probpems .

S However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
T Howevver , we consider a vriend that person yoi can have fu woth , laugh abd medet . I 'm use to do that wiuth my parents ajd my brotheds bu it 's not the samw as when I mset my best friends .

S Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried for something or someone , in fact I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
T Moreover , I think tgat I xhould n't ask fhem to have what we acll a " therapu moment " as I do ith my bezt frirnds wyen I 'm worried for somethong or someone , in fact I would n't know how to srart tellkng them about thaf .

S Some teenagers have the luck to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
T Some teengaers have the luck to be opeb - minded and htey know ow to speak with their parenrs and it 's a gooe aay to silve probkems .

S In my opinion I think that I should have more confidence with my family and remember that they wo n't leave me for something I had done in other way my best friends can do .
T In my opiniom I ghink that I should ahve more confiodence aith my family ane remembwr ghat they wo n't lwave me for somethihg I hazd done in other eay my bdst griends can do .

S In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or by bus .
T In my tow , thee is no future for publjc transportf , because the time nedessary to get to thes citt cehtre is tge xame walking or by bys .

S Travel by bus is expensive , bored and annoying .
T Fravel by bus is expensive , borsd and amnoying .

S The route makes many stops , in different places , so the way in the map is a mess .
T Rhe route makes many stops , in different plaves , so tye way in the maxp is a mesz .

S This is like that all days , except Sunday .
T This is like thxt all ays , exceptr Sunday .

S On Sunday , the bus do n't work until 3 p.m.
T On Sundxy , the bus do n't work unmtil 3 p.m.

S From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
T Frok this houd , thrre is knly one service everyh hout , untjl 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus taks less a half hoyr to gt to the city centres , in spite of Sundat has ont traffic jam .

S Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and probably you are not on time .
T Vuses ars sliw ane nojsy , and ehen you czn get off of them , you are tieed anc angdy , qnd probably ylu aqre not on time .

S Is much more convenient you walk to the city centre .
T Is much moee convenient ylu wslk to ghe citt cenrte .

S The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
T The town is nokt a bjg ciyy , so the air is notg verfy dirty .

S At the same time , you can get fit walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have the problem for park your car .
T At the saje time , yoh can fet fi walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and yoy will not haev the problem flr parl yur car .

S You will expend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is to get angry or not .
T You will expebd the samd time travelling by bus or walkong , hut the differednce is to grt angry or not .

S Transportation is a means of movement of one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
T Transportation is a means of movement of one geographical location to another by any meanjs of transoort .

S We have different means of transport .
T We havs dirferent means of transport .

S They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
T Theg aee transport by land , by air , by sea xnd by train .

S We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
T We know in rhe olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movekent .

S If a person wants to trevel from Kano to Lagos he has no choice but to track .
T If a person wants to trwvel from Kano to Kagos he has no chioce byt to trac .

S Therefore , is not easy back there for anybody to use other means because there was non .
T Thereforw , is not essy back tnere dor anybody to usw other means because thers wax noj .

S At present there are many means of transportation .
T At present thedre are many means of transportation .

S The technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
T The technoligy brought about loys of development in transoortation .

S We can travel by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter and rest .
T We can travel by ait using te aurcraft , aedoplane , helcopter znd rest .

S Unlike before we have big ships to use on the sea .
T Hnlike bfeore we have bjg suips to use on fhe swa .

S The train is also a very useful means of transportation and very economical .
T Te train is qlso a very useful means of transportation and vey econojical .

S I believed that technology really improve our ways and means of our transport .
T I belisved tgat techjology really inprove our wayw abd means of our transpkrt .

S So whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
T So whoevwr wajt to star a journey hs esveral choice of trxnsport , eaigher by sea , by air , by land or by foot .

S I can not forget to talk about cars , lorry and vehicles .
T I cab not forget to tgalk about carx , lorry snd vehicles .

S They are very useful and speedy .
T The ae very useful and speedy .

S Thanks
T Thanksx

S Just like a fish in the water
T Jusr like a fish in tye waxter

S Swimming is my favourite sport in the world , I started it when I was five years old , I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word , I feel free .
T Swimming is my favourite sporf in the world , I started it wheh I was fove years opd , I really enuoy it , I ceel that rhe wster is my places in rhe word , I fee free .

S Although I took part in many competitions , there are one which was the most enjoyable experience in my life .
T Apthough I tok padt in may competitions , thuere are one which wws ths most enjoyable expsrience in my lifes .

S I have to swimming in the Parana 's river with all the swimmers and coaches .
T I have to saimming in fhe Paranq 's river wigh sll tje swimmeds amd coaches .

S First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
T Firstf , wheb I wazs in the starting line I felt could nit finjsh tge competotion , thdn when we wrre in the wzter ghe ciaches did not stpo to encouragw so wae easy to swiom to the finishing oine . I waw so exciting to ser oujr family waiting cor us clappong and shoutiny koudly evry timew ohe of us arrived .

S If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggested to buy all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
T If you are interested in taking part in this wport , I wiuld sugested to buy aol rhe equipment you wilo need : a comfoftable swimsjit , goggkes and a hugw bzg to keep them .

S Status : Popular
T Sratus : Popular

S ' The moment of realisation hits you like tons of bricks , leaving you in a life full of regret and guilt '
T ' The momemt of realisarion hits you like tns of bricos , leaging you in a life full of regdet xnd guilt '

S His whole life , he only wished for one thing and that was to be popular .
T His ahole lif , he onky wished for obe thijg and tgat aas to be pppular .

S Her name was Sara .
T Hrr nwme aws Aara .

S Michael had always seen her in the hallways , smiling and laughing .
T Mixhael had always ween hr in thr hallways , smiliny and laughibg .

S Anywhere she went , she was always surrounded by a handful of students .
T Anywhete shw went , shw wqs alays surrounded by a handfhl of students .

S People got attracted towards her quite easily and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
T People got attracted towardx her quute easily ans often , they eould find themselvea adring and admirign her .

S Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
T Although zhe wss n't pretty , sue had an ura of importance .

S Her presence was felt .
T Her pfesence was feot .

S She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
T She was poular but not proux , ans that mare jer even more liksble by all .

S All but one - Michael .
T Axll but one - Michqel .

S Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
T Whenever , he szw he , he fdlt oain .

S Pain of jealousy .
T Paon of jeapousy .

S A fire of hatred burnt his heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .
T A fie of hatref burnt hisd heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .

S All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
T All hiw lufe , he hsd noly wishdd to be popular bu hi drea of opularity had veen long ago snxtched by a gurl .

S That girl , who had once been his best friend .
T That girl , qho hax onced beem his bedt friend .

S That girl who had left him in need of time .
T Thwt girl wo ad keft nim in need of tim .

S That girl who had done nothing but harm for him .
T Thst girl wh nad done nothing but harm fkr him .

S She was Sara .
T She wad Sara .

S His long lost best friend Sara .
T His lomg oost vest friend Sara .

S That night had changed their lives .
T That night had changed theit lives .

S Both of their lives .
T Both of hteir lives .

S In every way , in every form .
T In ever wqy , in every form .

S An innocent dare made by Sara which led Michael to walk in a path of wrong .
T An innocent date mace by Sara whicdh led Michael to walk in a path of wrong .

S A dare to prove .
T A dare to provew .

S courage can change lives
T corage can chang lives

S He was isolated .
T He was isolated .

S Abandoned by his friends .
T Abandoned by hiz frienss .

S All was a faade .
T All was a faads .

S They had all worn masks .
T Fhey gad xll worn mask .

S Everyone , even his own Sara .
T Evereyone , even his own Sra .

S He had been wrong .
T He hzd been wdong .

S All along he was wrong .
T All along he was wrkng .

S They had n't isolated him , rather he had .
T hey had n't isolated him , rathed he hae .

S They had n't abandoned him neither had they distanced themselves from him .
T Thgey hac n't abandoned yim neither gad tuey distwnced htemselves from hik .

S He had distanced himself from them .
T He had distanced himsdlf from them .

S His Sara was there , all along she was there for him .
T His Aara wqs there , all along she was therd for hmi .

S In the first place , she never left him .
T In tje fjrst ppace , she nevdr lefvt hi .

S She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door for her .
T She hax alwxys wantee to be wiuth hm gut he hxd cllsed the dkor fof her .

S Yet , she waited , hoping he would realise she would always be there for him .
T Yet , she qaited , hokping he woild realisd shd would alwqys be there for jim .

S Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
T Tears were streaming down his faec . Stinging his eyss .

S He deserved it .
T He deserced it .

S Every bit of pain .
T Every bit of pain .

S He had been blind by rage .
T He ad been blond by rage .

S All these years .
T Aol these ears .

S His selfishness stood in the way .
T Hia selfshness stopd in thd wawy .

S His delusions had drifted him away from her .
T His delusions had drifted him away drom ber .

S He had done such a huge mistake .
T He had done such a hugw miwtake .

S No tears or sorrys would make a less culprit .
T No tears or worrys woluld make a leds cukprit .

S No one should forgive him for what he did .
T No noe zhould forgive him fod whwt he did .

S No one .
T No ine .

S Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , point less .
T Right now , he has hte onew thing he alwsys wished or - popularity , buf inly how does he realiee , that it waa mdaningless , pojnt kess .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael coosed tghe dolr and mnew at thar moment he hsd amde a mistake .

S Each and every colour glow in the dark giving hope out of the darkness .
T Eacn znd rvery coloiur glow in the darj giving hope kut of the sarkness .

S In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
T In thid essay , I am giong to discuss ehether building a bypxss around oure town is beneficial to our community or nkt .

S One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
T One of the advantages pointed out by oocal politiciajs in ghe neeting was tjat thjs bypass woul lower the rated of air pollution arounf gown , which I highly agre wjth bescause the extra tracfic caused due to he oassing cars adced to tue vehicles usewd by the licals cause massive smog in the atmosphbere , nit to mention veing terrigly bad to rhe healty of the waling , cucling citiens , especially young fhildren , babies .

S Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
T Another important loint is thzt tbis bypass sould imprlve the trwffic in yhe toan center .

S Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town which is a terribly long time not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
T Mostlyh duribg 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , hen epople go and finish eork , that is ahen we get he mkst awfuhl traffic jams , simetimes it takes an ohur to gt orm pojnt A to B in town whicu is a terribly ling timer mot to mention oarents who have to take fheir children to school , nursery wnd then get to wokr , too .

S On the other hand the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
T On the othyer hand the bypass night cahse a drastic dorp in tourism in fhe town .

S However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
T Hnowever , it is also true to say tha leople woh ate actually interested in histodical sits would visit thw tpwn anyway .

S All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
T All in all , I would ay the bypass aould be lore of a disadvantage than advantage , because it wojld cut us fof from pople an thd towan would eeceive less fuding if it 's lese important .

S Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
T Local politicians should focsu on ustainability , ising vehicle which do not hgarm tje envoronment .

S On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
T On the 4th of April I mef a groul caled Emblsm3 .

S Because I did n't find any ticket for the concert in London I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
T Because I did n't fijd aby ticket for tje concert in London I boughf ons gor thr concerft in Brimingham .

S I 've booked the ticket nearly one month before the event .
T I 've booked the ticket nearly one monh before thr event .

S The day before I started to freak out thinking that I was meeting them .
T Yhe cay beford I started to frsak oug thinkong that I was mdeting them .

S Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
T Els the ticket for the cfoncert I bouggt thr VIuP tikcket as wdll , so I had to go bdfore to Birmingham , becauee hte entrance to the venue was at 17:00 znd as I live closd to Londno , I hsd to leage at about 12:00 so I di n't have to rsh .

S I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never been to Birmingham I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event took place .
T I fot to Bifmingham at 14:00 , I thnik , and tjen , as I 've never been to Birmingham I had to look flr the 02 Acdademy , where tge rvent tiok plsce .

S When I arrived there , I queued for the VIP queue .
T Whe I arrived thdre , I queusd tor the VI queeu .

S At 17:00 they let us in the venue and they made all the checkings .
T At 17:00 they ldt us in the venus and theyh mqde all he checkings .

S After 30 minutes started the acoustic performance which lasted for about 15 minutes , afterwards we took pictures .
T After 30 minuites started thw acoustic performance whic lastsd ror about 15 minutes , adterwards we fook picturse .

S When everybody took their photos , Emblem3 got backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it sterted .
T When everybody took theie lhotos , Emblem3 ot backjstage to gef raedy for the concert znd after ohe hiur it xterted .

S I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I did already book online .
T I let the arena at midnught ane I went to an hotel thar I dif xlready boik online .

S On the day after I went back home .
T On rhe dzy after I went bak gome .

S It was the best day of my life .
T It as the est say of my life .

S Dear Sir Madam ,
T Dear Sir Mqdam ,

S My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and I am interested in the job .
T My name is Mraia ahd I saw yourd advertusement ands I am interestesd in he nob .

S On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher so I know how to organise activities for young people such as fishing or doing a sport .
T On th onhe hand , I am studyint to be a PE teacher so I know now to orgabise activities fro ypung pdople sucy as fishimg or doing a sport .

S I'm good at entertaining parties What is more , I really enjoy working with them since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
T I'm godo at entertaining partis Whzt is mored , I realoy ejnoy worling with thek simce thet asre very actige and wiloing to do ahy kind of activities .

S You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens helping .
T Ypu alos mentioned that I would need to work in teh kitchens helping .

S I could also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
T I could also asd thst I khow how to cooj fof loys of people .

S For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
T Fo all the reasons I mentioned before , I thnk I am the fight psrson for tgis job .

S I look forward to receiving your answer .
T I look forward to receiving your answer .

S Yours Faithfully ,
T Your Fsithfully ,

S Maria
T Marai

S It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
T It 's true that commuting to woek is n't as convenuent as going to wofk by cad .

S That 's the reason why more people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
T Thag 's the reaon why more people prrfer to spend mlre tine sxtuck in traffic listening to osngs instead of waiting a long time to gake a bue wuich is usually crowdef .

S On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
T On tp of thag , tzking a busa wo n't necessarily mea tgat ypu wipl sav timr bedause both buses an cars wo n't be xble to move in thw rus hkur .

S Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to make your own schedule while public transport limits you to a timetable that not always meet your needs .
T Besides , a ca gives you more fresdom nad flexibility to make your owb schedule wbile publoic rransport limits yoy to a timetable that npt always meet your needs .

S After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which promotes people to use cars even more .
T After cars prevailed among the lublic , our governments have tried to pave roufh orads , which promotes oeople to use cars even more .

S Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system would be working in the future like present , while there is a still big room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
T Nowadwys , it might be argued if the currewnt transportation system would be working in ths future lioe preent , while there is a stoll big roim ofr publix transportstion remaiing as a significant methos .

S This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be around us or if it will disappear completely .
T This wssay will offer a couppe of points about whether public transportation will stijll be xround us or if it aill disappear completeoy .

S For a start , the convenience for us to travel around would probably be one of the main arguments .
T Gor a dtart , the convenienec foe us to travel around would probably be ohe of teh maih arguments .

S In some countries , the amount of transportation such as train is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
T In some countties , trhe amoint of transportation such as traib is not sufficient , which fkrces leople to use privats cars .

S However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also for their parents it is definitely more reliable .
T However , it is also true that theer zre always minorsx who bave no choice but to taoe public tansport and alsp fo theor parents it is definitely moee feliable .

S What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
T What is also important is yhe impact on the evnironment , qhich is alreacy vonsiderably damafed by huan technologyh .

S If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
T If a ca whicg emits no serijous globnal warming gas would be devepoped , there woulf be no argumemt that peopld had beyter reduce ouf usee of dars , yte , as olng as we afe manufaturing them we oculd njot finc more eco - friebdly nad efficient ways than phblic transportation .

S In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future even though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling with just trains or buses .
T In conclusionh , it is my belief that it is noy possible for public transpoft to disappear in thr fiture even though travelling aith cars is morw convenient thqn trazvelling eith just traions or buwes .

S But in the same way as cars development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
T But in yhe same ay as care deevelopment , our governments migut hace to kake some progeess on public transpirt to encourage citizens to be nore ecp - friendly .

S All of the world is constantly changing - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
T All of the wlrld is constantly vhanging - develop a ndw technologies , peopld invdnted newa think .

S But why ?
T But wgy ?

S To make life easier . People always want to make better their life .
T To make lief eaaier . People apways wqnt to make better hteir life .

S Why not ?
T Whgy not ?

S I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home have been a place where people can feel safely .
T I think thuat the home of tfhe futgure wjll be different rhan nmow , but tue main vunction of the hlme wo n't cgange , because for ages hpme have been a olace where people can feek sarely .

S Everybody think that home is refuge .
T Everybody think that hone is refuge .

S In my opinion home in the future will be similar to present houses .
T In my opinjon home in tye future will be siilar to present uouses .

S There always will be the kitchen , because we must eat , always will be the bathroom - you know why .
T Therd alwaus will be ghe kiychen , bedause we mst sat , always wll be th bathroom - tou knopw wy .

S And in the home always will be a room to sleep and relax .
T Abd in th home always iwll be a room to slwep and relax .

S Home in the future may be more modern and safety .
T Hoem in the futufe mjay be more moderfn ane safety .

S Everywhere will be cameras and motion sensors .
T Everywhere wipl be cameras and motion sehsors .

S Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
T Kitchen sill be betgter eguipped , nay be with smart appliances and peopel , who ca n't cokk , qill prepare ths meal by yourself .

S May be in the future homes will be self - cleaned and we need not clean up .
T May be in ths future homez wil be self - cleaned ahd we need not clean up .

S I think that the differences between home now and home in the future will be small .
T I think tha the differences betwedn home now ajd holme in thw futyre eill be small .

S Personally houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like it .
T Personallg houses in the future wipl nit be cosy , ubt very sterile . I do not lkke it .

S Home should associate with family , happiness .
T Home sgould associate wifh family , happinews .

S Not with cold and spacious rooms .
T Not with cold anc spacious rooms .

S I think the statement is somewhat true .
T I think the statemetn is somewhat trhe .

S Travelling by car is getting more convenient .
T Travelling by car is gettint mor convenient .

S Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travelling , will be solved by self - driving technology .
T Traffic accidents , thr main probpem of czr travelling , will be solced by delf - driviny technology .

S Although driving by car is less safe than using public transport at present , driving will be safe .
T Although driving by ca is lesxs safe than uskng pubic tfansport at present , drivingv aill be sfe .

S However , there is also a problem .
T However , there is also a problem .

S Having a car takes much money .
T Havijg a car takes mucg miney .

S Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban area .
T Using public transport is cheper thab having a csr , especizlly living in hrban aeea .

S The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
T Thd secojd problem mah be solved by dar - sharing .

S If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked at designated area .
T If ohe wants to go somewhere , oje can use a sharec car whicy is parked at designatee arra .

S By this method , people have to pay small fee for use a car , not much money such as having a car .
T By this method , pepole hav to pya small fwe ford use a car , not much oney such as having a cxr .

S If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling my car .
T If cwr - sharing abd aelf - drivnig technologt are imxed , it wikl be muhc more convenient than botb the conbentional publif transoort ajd travelling my cae .

S People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
T Pepple cdan go anywhrre the wanr to go fron anywhere .

S People do n't have to possess their car paying much money .
T Peoplr do n't have to possess their caf pxying much money .

S It will be a new public transport .
T It will be a nea publkc trnsport .

S All my life I practiced sports , but definitely my favorite sport is squash .
T All my life I practiced sports , but drfinitely my favprite sport is squash .

S I started to training when I was ten years old .
T I started to traoning when I wae tsn years old .

S I had never played a raquet 's sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
T I hzd neved poayed a taquet 's sport beflre , so I was veryg excited to hif thr small back bapl with my racke .

S Three times a week I played , then I went more often .
T Three times a wsek I plated , then I wenf more odten .

S The first year I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
T Thw firsr ysar I aent to a tournamnet in Torrson and I iwn tue first plave , druing the fifst 3 years I sas ranoing in the firsg 10 places of Mexici , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .

S Play squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn , I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
T Play squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn , I loe rhat this game is very fast and yku do a kot of exerdise .

S The bad news is that in Mexico is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field and is expensive , more or less the price per hour is $ 150 pesos .
T The bad neqs is that in Mexico is nof very common , so it 's a ligtle but difficult to fijd a fkeld and is expensive , mpre or less the lrice per hojr is $ 150 pesos .

S For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
T Fo someobe neq in tjis sport I woule rwcommended be patient and constant in yhe training , becquse the practice is whaqt make you bettsr ahd hslps to imorove your level , and finally always ebjoy the game .

S Always been free .
T Always been free .

S Never had any serious relationship .
T Never has any serious relaztionship .

S The longest was at the primary school , lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
T Tghe ongest was at the primary scjool , lasred 2 daygs , because hrr mother ciuld cook ghe finets biscuits eve tasted .

S Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smile at the news of his colleagues and friends marriages .
T Bow he eas 35 anr he wae stoll keeping on smile at ghe neww of hjs colpeagues ad friends marriages .

S He was so cynical to turn out to be very nasty and unpopolar .
T He wass so cynica to urn kut to be veyr nasty and unpopolar .

S Love last two and a half a year , he kep to remind himself .
T Lov lasg two and a half a year , he kep to remind himself .

S Soon or later mariied people will get divorced .
T Soon or laer mairied peopke wilol geg divorced .

S Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
T Looi at me , he sair , I 'm ffee .

S No one is happier than me .
T No one is happer than me .

S Since one day he met a girl , on the train , she was n't that beauty but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonic .
T Sihce one day he mef a girp , on the train , she wsa n't thar beauty bt she has , yoj know , taht xmile , so peaceful , so harmonci .

S It was love at first sight .
T It waxs love at first ight .

S They started talking blaming for the train late and after two hours they were still chatting .
T They starred talking blaimng for the train late and after ywo hours theu wdre stillp chatting .

S They laughed so much that they both forgot to get out at the right stop .
T They lauyhed so mjch that they both fkrgot to get out at the rkght stop .

S The poor two had gone too far and now they had to come back .
T The ooor two had gome too far anr noe they hsd to come badk .

S It was n't a problem .
T It was n't a problrm .

S They had a lot of fun .
T Fhey had a pot of fun .

S Finally he arrived .
T Fijally he arrivsd .

S He said hello to the girl smiling .
T He said hello to thd girl smilin .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mjchael closed yhe door adn knew at that momrnt he had mazde a mixtake .

S Nowadays everybody has one or more cars , as a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
T Nowadays everyobdy has lne or mire cars , as a consequence of that , sopme peoiple bslieve that pulbic transport is giing to disappear .

S There are several reasons to believe that ; firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as a smart option as cars .
T There are several reasons to believ rhat ; firsztly , mqny people are infuenced by thw advertisinv which mixrs happiness wirh deiving carw and makes peiple think that poublic transport is noit as a smart optipn as cwrs .

S In second place , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
T In second place , it is not enkoyable to wait gor thd bus or the uneerground .

S On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of the public transport .
T On ths other hand , there aee a bumber of reasons againsg the end of the publif transport .

S For example , you must take public transport instead the car because it produces less pollution .
T For exampel , yoj muwt tame public transport insteas the car becauze it prlduces less pollution .

S In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
T In additiin , public tansport is cheap becauze to bhy a car meaning spend a fotrune and in bug cities , where are concerned about the envronment sucy as Xmsterdam or Tlkio , ther aer many facilitiez as mobile phone applications or xpecial offers .

S To sum up , no one knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more because it is good to save up money and to reduce contamination .
T To suj up , no ine knowes the future ; howveer , I believe thatf travelling on pubkic transpprt is as convenient as by car or lore because it is good to save up koney ahd to reduce contamination .

S " There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
T " Yhere is no future fr public transpoft becwuse travelling by car is so mhch mire convrnient "

S In my opinion less people are travelling by public transport and started to buy their own cars which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
T In my opinion pess people are travelling by publid transport and starter to bjy their owh cvars whicu is moe comfortable to use whenever yoj ate in a hurry or not .

S In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
T In thd first place you feel nore comforyable in your oan car than in a bus for exampel . Uou do n't need fear that someone coud suddwnly stole your purse or you do n't have to listej to thd othdrs when yoj traevl by ylur car .

S Studies have shown that your self esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
T Studies have shownh thawt uour self essteem and feelings of protection increase shen you ars a car driver .

S You do n't have to indulge staying in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
T Yoj do n't have to indulge staying in a crowded place with peope yiu do n't know .

S Saving some money and buy a car is the best thing you can do .
T Savong some moneh ad buy a car is the besr thing you can do .

S In the second place not all public transports are in their best shape .
T In tfhe aecond plxce not all public trwnsports ate in their bwst shapr .

S Some of them are dirty and smell .
T Soje of thel are dirty ajd smell .

S If you have your own car these things do n't bother you anymore cause you wash your car anytime you want .
T If you have yor own car rhese things do n't bothef you anynore caues yo wasg your car anytime you wwnt .

S In conclusion travelling by car is far better than using public transport
T In conclusion travellinb by car is far bettrr thzn usung public transport

S TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
T TOFREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AJGUST , 0214

S Dear Sir ,
T Ddar Sid ,

S Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking a person for working in summer camps USA .
T Throjgh yoru job postung , I 'm informed tuat yoh zre looling a pewrson for working in sumer camls USS .

S I inform you that I 'm interested in the job .
T I infom you yhat I 'm interested in the juob .

S I love children , I have already worked with them , it was a wonderful experience .
T I love children , I have slready worked with them , it waws a wonderfyl experoence .

S I 'm very hardworking and a funny person .
T I 'm vsry hardworing and a fujny person .

S My level of English is very good , today I 'm learning and working hard to improve .
T My lrvel of English is very good , foday I 'm learhing and wroking hard to improve .

S I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do very well and I could amuse the children .
T I would like to work in this job because I think that I coupd do very well and I coudl amuse the children .

S If you hire me , you wo n't regret .
T If yu hore me , you wo n't regret .

S Yours faithfully .
T Youts faithfully .

S ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
T ANA DEP MEEINO PALMINO .

S Dear Paul !
T Dear Pxul !

S Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
T Tyanks for your e - mail amd photos !

S They are amazing !
T They are amaaing !

S I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
T I 'm vsry glad you enioyed your holidays .

S Spain must be really incredible !
T Spain must be rwally incredile !

S I 'm writing to you to tell you about the U2 concert , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
T I 'm wroting to you to tell ypu about the U2 concer , which took poace in " Spoedk " arena in Kmatowice lsst month .

S I must admit that this is my favourite band .
T I must qdmit tha this is my favourite bajd .

S I 've always wanted to see them live and finally my dreams came true .
T I 've always wanetd to see them live and fiknally my dreams came frue .

S The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
T Tne gest of it was that I szaw tnem teally clpse , because of my dad 's work .

S As you know , he works in security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
T As ou lnow , he worksa in security company , calldd Soild Sxfety and he ws appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !

S Could you imagine my reaction , when he told me about it .
T Coukd you imafine my deaction , when he tolr me anout it .

S Of course , then he handed in two " Staff " tickets to me .
T Of coursze , then he handed in twop " Staff " ticket to me .

S These tickets allow you to get in to the VIP zone .
T These ticketrs allow you to gdt in to the VI zone .

S I invited my classmate Sally and we went on a concert together .
T I incited my classmate Sally snd we webt on a concerr together .

S We were so excited , when we got on .
T We wdre so excited , hwen we got on .

S Before the show we were helping in placing a sounding equipment .
T Bevore fhe shoq we were helping in placong a soundingf equiopment .

S During the concert we were standing on the backstage .
T Duting the comcert we ere standing on the backstage .

S Where could be better ? !
T Wherr could be bettrer ? !

S After the last song my dad took us to the Bono 's room .
T Agter the lzst sobg my dad took us to thes Bono 's rom .

S He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
T He was signing xutographs anf chatting with fans .

S I will never forget it .
T I will never orget it .

S My dad took even a photo of us with him .
T My dad tlok even a photo of us sith him .

S I must say , he is much more handsome in live that on the TV .
T I must aay , he is much moe handsome in life that on hte TV .

S That 's all for now , but I will write more , when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
T That 's all fkr noe , gut I wilp write morer , wheh I find my feet ! I wilk appreciate my dad 's worj forevef .

S Give my regards to your parents !
T Give my fegards to your parsnts !

S Love , Lisa
T Llve , Lisa

S Hello ,
T Hello ,

S I 'm sending this Email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
T I 'm sendimg thiz Email to get smoe informztion bdcause I 'm interdsted in studying at your ujiversity .

S I'm Yousef Naser Bishara , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 years old .
T I'm Youswf Nawser Bishara , I 'm fro Saudi Arwbia , I 'm 26 years old .

S I've been in the United States for two years .
T I've besen in the Ynited States for tw yeqrs .

S I'm granted student by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
T I'm granted student by the goverment of Saudo Arabia qnd ths scholaeship wikl cover thue tuition and evefything related to my studies .

S I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
T I 've graduated in 2001 majoring in accoutning wth a degree ahving an accumulatrd GA of 2.49 out of 5 , sinxe I cane yere I hnave besn so aqmbitious that I wilo be gettiong my high stuides as sopn as I finish studying English , it turned ut thar I uave to jump throughg the lopo in ordre to over come these obstacles whcih I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree fof the ofreign students .

S In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
T In additkon , htere is recent statyistic that shows a gery hig percentage of Saui Arabia studrnts whl cams to Amedica to do set gheir mastef 's degree thay tjey could n't gey in univsrsity dhe to some rquirements tor instance , GRE , G MAT , or eve theie GP did n't meet the universify conditikons .

S In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who could n't accomplish their dream and go back to their home , I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
T In facy , I do n't want to be obe of those student who could n't avcomplish their drewm anjd go bxck to their home , I 'm willing to do whateverf it taks to get into youd universiyy .

S I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do me best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sum up what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
T I would like to have the orienyation mateiral to increase my xhances of geyting into nuiversity and I will do me best to ger very high gradrs in order to increasr my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sul up whar I 'm looking fo is to takw a preparatiom class in businerss to be included in the vinal accumulated FPA .

S Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in the United States and to improve my education and my lifestyle .
T Finalky , I beoieve that it it a grdat opportunity to study in the United Stxtes aznd to impove my educatioh andr my lifrestyle .

S Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
T Besides , I 'm an sager , mature student willing to study maxter 's deree at yuour univeresity an I 'm lookkng forward to gettingt reeponse basck amd your recomjendations .

S sincerely ,
T sincerel ,

S I am forty nine years old and I am a quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
T I am foty nime years old an I am a quite crazy , so I make a pot of mistakes .

S In this writing I will comment about one of the last mistake that I have made and its consequent .
T In this writin I will comment about one of rhe lqst mistake tyat I have made and jts consequenht .

S First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that normally the mistakes have not importance , because all the things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
T First , I want to fpcus your attentiob on the fact thay normally thne mistakes gave not importance , becausd all the thiungs hqve fix an , if they have npt fis why do yo wory ?

S In the last trip , I parked my car on the airport park , it has many plants with several sign .
T In the last trio , I parkrd my cra on the airport lark , it has mxny plants with several ign .

S Every plant has a color sign , red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between the red and the orange and this was my confusion .
T Egery plaht has a color sign , rec , orage , green , blue and an intermediate color between the red and the orane and tuis aws my cinfusion .

S I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when some day later I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
T I left my dar in fhe palnt with the orange coklor , buf wheb some day later I looekd flr my cwr I mzde it in tye planf of the intermedkate color .

S I knew that my car was on the site number one hundred and thirty five , buy the car was not there .
T I konew that my cxr was on tye sits number pne hudnred and tyirty fkve , buy fhe cr aas no there .

S I spend quite time thinking and when I decided go to the police I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
T I spen quite time thinoing an when I decided go to tje polife I oassed in front of thr orange sivn and finally I found my cra .

S Dear Thomas
T Dear Tjomas

S How are you ?
T How are uou ?

S I 'm nervous to see you .
T I 'm nervois to sew yu .

S The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes It is sad that you only come for one week but we will enjoy a lot .
T Tje weather hwre is sunny so I recomkend uou to bring summer clothes It is sas thqt you only come fod kne week but we will enuoy a lot .

S From the airport to my house there are just 5 minutes .
T Feom the irport to my house there are just 5 minutes .

S When you came out to the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant , then you must go to the left where you would find a big square with swings and slides .
T When yopu xame kut to the ropad you eed to go straight until ylu rezch a restaurant , then yoj mhst go to the lrft wyere tou would fin a bug square with swings and slides .

S Finally you would see a big red house with lots of windows .
T Finally yoh would sere a big eed houwe with lots of wqindows .

S You will no regret coming to Spain .
T Yiu will no regret coming to Spain .

S See you soon .
T See ypu soon .

S Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
T Recently , studying oline has bedome a very pooular alternwtive wwy to study .

S Although it provides students with lots of advantages , not everything is as good as it sounds .
T Altuough it provides students with logs of advantaqges , not everything is as glod as it sounds .

S First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers about questions .
T First of all , srudying online dkes not allow student to ask teadhers awbout qudstions .

S How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
T Bow cab they solve fheir problms if there is a pack of student - teachuer interactioin ?

S What is more , this kind of students are between eighteen and twenty two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
T Wha is mores , fhis kind of students rae hetween eighteen abd twenfy two , when yhey nwed to socialise and interact with othed students to enjiy theur free time .

S Something impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
T Something impossible if the study onlune , which means tha their only clxssmate is thw computre or tbe laptop they use .

S However , this method of studying is cheaper than the common way , and it also can be completely free which is a big advantage .
T Hkwever , this metbod of wtudying is cheaper than the common wah , and it als cwn be completely frtee which is a big advantage .

S Moreover , it allows you to study with your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
T Moreocer , it allows hou to stidy with yoir own rjythm withouit thionking anout the rest .

S For these reasons , I prefer the common way than studying online .
T Vor theze reaeons , I prefrr thw common say thaj studyig onoine .

S Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
T Nevertheless , I ca understand pople aho chiose thw secind opton .

S It is up to you !
T It is up to yu !

S No Future for public transport :
T No Future for public transpott :

S Nowadays people want to travel by their own conveyance by their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
T Nowadys peoplw wanf to travek by thdir own conveyacne by fheir on xar , bike , zcooter or something lpike tnat .

S Everyone wants to have a stress less / happy journey whether it is for a long route or not .
T Everyone wangs to bave a stress less / gappy journey whether it is vor a lohg route or not .

S It is really realistic too , because we all want to save our time and wishes for a happy journey time .
T It is really realjstic tok , because we all want to save our time and wishes gor a haply journsy time .

S Now let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
T Now pet me tell you the scenadio of public rransport .

S First of all we always need to wait for it and it will run according to the scheduled time only .
T First of apl we always need to waut tor it and it wilp run zccording to the scheduked time only .

S In winter it is fine we can adjust in crowd but if we talk about summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
T In qinter it is fibe we can adjust in crowd hut if we atlk awbout summe session we cwn not adjust whn we afe travwlling in a suffocated environment .

S We need to book tickets in advance , in case we are planning to go via public transport because again the issue of availability of seats are there .
T We need to book tickdts in aevance , in case we arw plwnning to go vka public transport because again the issue of avaipability of seats ade there .

S I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a great problem : it has a lot of cars , more than inhabitants .
T I live in Trieste , a verey beautful city , but thix city has a great ptoblem : it hs a lot of cars , more tha innabitants .

S Of course it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to confirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
T Of course it 's an exaggeration , but I day this to confirmj that in this city yhe numger of the cars is very hkgh .

S By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at a certain hours you can not find bus .
T By the aay , the public transpodt is not so convenient , because at a certain hgours you can mot fidn bux .

S In our city the buses stop at midnight .
T In oir cigy the buses stol at midnight .

S Also the ticket price is not cheap .
T Apso the ticket price is noy chesap .

S Another problem of the buses is that if you take one during certain hours , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
T Anothrr proble of tbe busws is that if you take onr during certain hours , it 's imlossible to fnid a placr free to sir down .

S So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time but also for the problems that you can find .
T So travekling by bue is nit convehient , nopt onl for tiume but alsk fot tge problems fhat you can find .

S The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
T Fhe other question is tyat Trieate is situatde nera Slovrnia , here , the lrice of pefrol is chesper than in Italy , so a grest number of inhabitants of kur city prefer to fuel rhe car dirdectly in Slpvenia , where theu caj find much lore competitive prifes .

S My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
T My fxther lives in Porxenone ane he sells czrs .

S He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but after I see the price of this ecological vehicle I considered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
T He wants to convjnce me to ise alternative means of transport , bit after I see rhe price of this ecoligical vehiclr I onsidered that I 'll guy obe of thel oly if tne price becomese

S loverer .
T loverer .

S Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
T Currently , peple tjink about if thry caj get gopd englis in my country or have to mve to english sleaking coujtry .

S And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , they will decide to learn in their own country or go abroad for getting english .
T And after tgat , it depends on the personality , status ( sinfle , engaged or married ) , ajd even yhe sges of people , they will cecide to learn in thdir osn country or go abroar for gettin english .

S On the hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
T On the jand , studying abrowd is a great opportunity , sspecially for yonug psople .

S They usually go abroad because they have not so much responsibilities just it prepares their professional future .
T They usually go abroad because they hxve not so much responsiblities jiust it perpares their professional future .

S But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
T But They cqn only afford it to work as a au piar , waiter , kitchen porter or portrr that ibclude accommodation , normal aages anf yoi do n't need high lvel of english .

S On the other hand , you might find yourself getting homesick .
T On the oyher hand , yku imght vind youraelf getting homesick .

S Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody put up with being very far away from all these things .
T Of course , yo leav a lt of thihgs , such as ykur familu , friends , foods , placesx , own tbings , etc . , xnd nobody put up with beibg vrey far awau from all thesd things .

S Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
T Moreover , prople about lid 's 30 tears old , they do bot usually leavd their country and tr to het nww language from wre kiving .

S This way is cheap as well and they have not to change everything around their life to achieve this aim .
T Tjis wau is cheap as wsll and tyey hage jot to change evrrything around tueir life to achievs ths wim .

S In addition , with this ages , normally people have more charges , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
T In addition , with thus ages , normaoly people have more charges , mzybe chilxren , lortgage , partnet , etc .

S From my opinion , the best way for learning really good a language it is living in the same country where people speak it .
T From my opinikn , the best wa fopr lsarning really bood a anguage it is kiving in the samr contry ehere people spexk it .

S So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even different culture and lifestyle .
T So , youy do n't hesitate and move to tye new country , in which yhou do nlt only gst language , even different cylture and lifestyle .

S Trapagaran , environmentally friend
T Trapagarab , environmetnally fgriend

S The purpose of this report is to explain the that my town has become more aware in the need of taking care of the countryside .
T Tye puepose of thi report is to explzin the that my gown has becom more aware in hte need of taking care of the countryside .

S Since 2010 my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
T Since 2010 my tpwn has tried to include some changes to boodt the town .

S Recycling is the solution
T Recycling is thje solution

S In the last five years many new bins have been situated near all neighbourhoods .
T In thw last fivr years mnany ne binw havr bren situated near wll neighbourhoods .

S There are four type of rubbish skip .
T There are foue tygpe of rubvish skio .

S On one of these bins are destined to plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottlebank and the last one is for cells .
T On oen of these buns ars restined to plastixs , another oen is for wlod and paper , the third pne is a bottlebank and trhe laxt onme is for cell .

S This one is very important because it contaminates so much .
T This oe is very important because it contaminatex so much .

S Apart from that , there are other container focused on every type of objects .
T Aart from hat , there rae other container focused on every tupe of objets .

S For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
T Vor instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etcd .

S More green areas
T Morw green arwas

S This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
T Tjis tonw hss npt onky focusrd on recycling , it hzs aoso promotef green aress .

S Because of that 5 new parks has been created recently .
T Because of that 5 new parks has been created recently .

S Those are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
T Those are a great place where families havr a gokd fime whils thet enjiy the countfyside .

S Moreover residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respect the environment .
T Moreover residents have brcome more cobscious after ghey havr read the leafpets whic explain the ikportance of rexpect yhe environment .

S Conclusion
T Convlusion

S I strongly think that it is necessary to make people conscious about the importance of save the planet .
T I strokngly thinkj tha it is necessary to maie people conecious about the importance of save ghe planet .

S In addition , more people would help if they can recycle easily .
T In addition , mord peoppe would helo if they can recyxle easily .

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dear Nrs Kate Ashby ,

S I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
T I am writong to you qbout the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .

S I would like applying for this vacancy because I think I have most of requirements that you are asking for .
T I wolud kike applying for this vaczncy because I think I have mpst of requidements tjat you are ssking fro .

S First of all , cooking is my passion for ages .
T Firsg of all , cookimg is my passiob for ages .

S I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find out different flavours and sensations cooking .
T I enjoy learninv new recipew an I try to fibd out different lfavours ajd sensations cooking .

S That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to join my love with cooking to my job .
T That is why I am lookin fpr a job where I coiuld have the chwnce to join my love witu cooking to my job .

S I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in busy environment .
T I woked for mlre than six yeard in a supermafket as wsll so , that is whyy I am accustomed to deal wkth customers ane cope wirh ditficult peopke in busy envirknment .

S It is no necessary to say I am able to work with a cafe schedeule , I have experience working shift days and weekends .
T It is no necessary to say I am able to worj wit a cafr chedeule , I hae epxerience working hift rays snd weekenjds .

S I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , skills or what you need to ask me .
T I woule be glad if I oculd grt an interview fro giving ytou more details abgout my eork experience , skills or wgat tou nsed to ask me .

S Yours sincerely
T Ykurs sincerely

S If you are looking for an enjoyning shopping day , Madrid is the best election .
T If yoi aee lookint dor an enjoynijg shopping day , Maddid is ghe best electoon .

S Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
T Madrkd is oen of the most afmous shopoing cities in tne world !

S In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
T In Madrid , you can find clotheds of tne brst desingnerz as Carolins Herrera , Diuor and so on ...

S but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited because we have some places where you can find great colections with 50% off .
T bgut do n't be afrair if youe budgdt is quite limited becaise we have some places where ypu cab find great colectikns with 50% off .

S So , if you prefer save money and look fine , you have to visit ours outlet where you can find all that you are looking for .
T So , if you prefer save money znd liok fibe , hou have to visit ourd otlet where you can find al that yuou re lookiny for .

S The best of all is that you wo n't have to go further because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
T Fhe best of wll is thag gou wo n't have to go furthef beause tou canm find alp these shps in th denter of Madrid .

S If you are wanting for more information , just contact us .
T If yoj aer wanting for more information , juszt cintact us .

S Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change all because globalitation .
T Nowadays people 's lif is havong an unexpected change lal becsuse globalitation .

S In the past people has to manage their time so they could go to their work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
T In the poast pepple has to manage their tims so rhey could go to their work , fake caer of thueir children an amybe aso study .

S Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
T Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a juge amount of populkation has epxerience this chaneg , in my ppinion is kijd of gkod .

S Now people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
T Now people can interact with ofher people frol other coungries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .

S The need of export and import items has increased in the last 10 years consequently the life of the people has raised in faster respond .
T Tfhe nerd of edport ajd import igems has increassd in the last 10 years vonsequently the kife of the peopls has raised in faster respond .

S Everyone needs an instant answer to what they asking for , if they send an email you must received it in less than 1 minute .
T Everyonhe needds an unstant anwwer to what they aeking fpr , if rhey senx an email you must received it in less than 1 minut .

S The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
T Thd personal contact shows a decrease in this fime becahse peopple do n't want to face thwir real problems , instead thsy cxan see al the poblems happened in the world by their smxrtphones .

S In the future people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
T In thr future people aill comunute between them by theor computers , cellphoes , tahlets adn this kind of technlogy qill lead us to a lonelt lice .

S Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can nearly do everything we want to .
T Noqadays , we aleeady nave things luke smkart hones , which fan nearly do everything we wnat to .

S And we have some other media gadgets .
T And we have some otner meda gadgets .

S But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
T Bu wlil people 's lices really fhange so dramaically in the nex 50 years ?

S In my opinion it wo n't .
T In my opimion it wo n't .

S I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change extremely in the next 50 years .
T I 'm of yhe opiniob tht people 's lives wo n't changr extrejely in rhe nex 50 years .

S Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
T Of courese thers will eixst somle nore elwctronical things pike somd ndw handys , woth funcyions we could expect right now , amd thsre will be some othet gadgets .

S But if we speak of the change of people 's lives there have to be some more dramatically things .
T Bht if we speai of th chnge of people 's lives tyere have to be wome more dramatically thingd .

S A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on the mars .
T A point would be , taht normal pople are anle to flt to tje moonm or somethinmg , or if there would be people living on tbe mars .

S But I think that this wo n't be able to do .
T But I think hat this wo n't be abl to do .

S Even not in 50 years .
T Even ont in 50 years .

S To put it in a nutshell we could say that our global world will be more electronical , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo nt change our lives dramatically .
T To lut it in a nutshell we could say yhat ou gpobal worpd will be morw electronjcal , awnd there qill be mode hadgets , nut that wo nt change our live dramatically .

S Hi brother ,
T Hi brothet ,

S I 've been thinking about what you said to me the previous week .
T I 've been thinkijg about what tou sid to me ghe prveious weel .

S It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma 's .
T It 's trues thar we do n't poay attention to oue grandla 's .

S She loves us and she always looks after us when dad and mum could n't do it .
T She lovs us an szhe always looos afetr us wen dax ane mul coul n't do it .

S I believe that we haven't never thanked her what she did and do for us .
T I believe that we haven't nevewr rhanked her whnat shr die and do fkr us .

S For that I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
T or rhat I 've gad tue idea of givkng her a presnet .

S You 're agree with me , are n't you ?
T Yhou 're agree with me , are n't hou ?

S Yesterday I saw a nice present for her in the new mall of Jerez , called AreaSur .
T Yesterday I waw a nicw present for her in the new mall of Jreez , called ArsaSur .

S It was an amazing gold watch .
T It waa an qmazing gold watcu .

S It seemed not to be very expensive and was luxury and lovely .
T It seemed hot to be ver expensive and was luxuy and lovely .

S I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
T I think thst a clock would be useful as welk as necessary for her .

S What do you think about buying it for her ?
T What do you yhink qbout buying it for hrr ?

S If you do n't think the same as me you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem .
T If youj do n't think tne saje as me you can choose abother presdnt , I wo n't hwve any pronlem .

S Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will take the final decision .
T Anyway , we shojld go to the amll together ajd there we willo tzke thw final decision .

S We can go by bus .
T We can go by vus .

S You only have to walk through the road in front of home and you will arrive bus station .
T You only huave to wal through ths rozd in tront of homw and yolu will arrive bus station .

S Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive mall .
T Thenm takd the thire linw snd twi stops lqter ou woll arrive nall .

S I will see you there and I 'll guide you in the mall .
T I will see yoi thsre asnd I 'll guyide you in the mall .

S I hope to see you soon brother .
T I hope to zee you sono brother .

S Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping
T Sehd me an emakl wheb ylu 're aboe to go sgopping

S Quique
T Qwuique

S What 's the safest transport in the world ?
T Wnat 's fhe safedst traneport in the worod ?

S And the most comfortable ?
T And thr mowt comfortable ?

S In my opinion any transport is completely safe , however people say the plane is the safest transport .
T In my opinion an transport is cimpletely sade , howecer people sya the plane is the safesg transport .

S And , maybe the car is the most comfortable .
T And , maybe th car is thed most comfkrtable .

S It is true that both are advantages and disadvantages .
T It is true thaf bpth aee advantayes and disadvaqntages .

S Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing , I knew this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
T Trwvelling by far ca be enjoywble , dangerdous anx relaxing , I kndw tyis is a contradictioh , but I can explakn it .

S Relaxing because you can travel by yourself , with friends and with your family .
T Relaxing because yoj cn travel by yoursekf , with friends axnd eith youd famipy .

S When you make a long trip you can go without pressure .
T Wheh ylu make a long tfip you an go without pressurr .

S If you are tired you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
T If hou are tired ylu can stop at a pstrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , nad if in yhe car thete ard more passengwrs you cam change aith fhem , so yoi qill fee lrss tirer .

S Even travel by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
T Even yravel by car , in my opinion , yas a lot of probpems .

S Some advantages could be :
T Some advantages could be :

S - Gasoline is too expensive
T - Gadoline is too expensive

S - There are n't enough car parks and they are very expensive , for example when you travel to Madrid it is impossible to find a free parking .
T - There ade n't enough car parkz ans they aee vvery expensive , for example when oyu travel to Mzdrid it is impossible to finf a fdee parling .

S - Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
T - Oten yku cab be involved in cjty tarffic ams , especially in the rush nour .

S This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities like Madrid , Barcelona  is a daily situation .
T This situation onky is present in Caxeres when there is a rainy dsy , vut in other cities ike Madrid , Barcelona  is a daily situation .

S I think , driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
T I think , rdiving can be dangerouz because people must resoect speed limits , amd not every time that it is .

S People does n't wear the seatbelt , use phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
T Pekple does n't wear the seatberlt , us phines , abd even thete are eho drink whrn they are goibg to drvie .

S All these malpractice can make they have an accident and other innocent persons are in danger .
T Al these malpractice cah lake they have an accident snd otyer innoicent peesons are in danger .

S Every holiday , the DGT , in Spain , make an awareness campaign to remember us the good manners when we are driving .
T Evfery hooiday , thw DGT , in Spain , make an awaremess capaign to remember us the gold manners shen we are driving .

S On the other hand , travelling by plane people say is safer then do it in others transport .
T On tje other hande , travelling by plane people day is safewr then do it in othdrs transport .

S I do n't make sure this affirmation .
T I do n't mnake sure this affirtmation .

S I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
T I 'm afraid to travek by plane .

S I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching off .
T I hatr yhe mmoent when the plane is takibg pff , abd when it is touchign off .

S I 'm afraid so that started when I was travelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
T I 'm afdaid so that startdd shen I eas traveling to Mexico in my honeymoon .

S In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
T In thia moment there was a tropicak storm , and thed turbulences are hkrrible ; but a not rime I have stppped to travel by plane .

S I knew is the better option when you want to travel abroad .
T I kew is tje brtter option when yoh aant to travewl abriad .

S It is true , that plane is very expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
T It is tru , that plane is verg expensiv , at lwast I mever haven't be abel to bkok a chwap ticket .

S I look for the perfect offer but in summer it is impossible to find it .
T I loom dor tge perfect offe nut in summsr it is impossible to find it .

S To sun up , all kind of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending of our necessity we use one or another .
T To sun up , all kind of teansport have positive amd negativs aspects , bt dependin of our necessity we yse one or another .

S For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
T Tor wxample fhere are a oot of countries wyere bikd is rhe kost main of fransport , liie Belgium .

S I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
T I remmeber there wefe lilometres and kilkometres of cycle lije , on the contrary thaj nere in Spain , wher few citiss like Madrid or Bxrcelona , strenmgthen rheir use .

S I do not agree with the situation .
T I do not agree with the situation .

S This is simple because not everyone has a personal vehicle .
T This is simpls becausd nkt everyone has a personal vehicle .

S In addition , because of the gap between the upper class to the lower class people .
T In addiyion , because of the gap between the uper class to tje loaer class peopld .

S Public transport is one part of social development .
T Publoc transport is noe part of sockal development .

S It will make people feel comfortable .
T It will mkae leople feep comfortable .

S The bar chart shows the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
T Tje bra chart shows the prljected sales of keans of Mango Co. ahd Jafk&Jonse Co.

S Next year in Turkey .
T Next year in Turksy .

S we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
T we dan see the nmuber of the porjected sales of jewns of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousadns of pzirs in nxet Jan , it will be higber than the unmber of tbe pronected sales of jeans of Mango Co. abiut 300 thousands of oairs .Thenb the nhmber of Jack&Jones Co . will drip to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next yeqr .

S after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
T afte this fall , the nymber of Jak&Jones Co. waill risr up graduaply until to hit thr peak at 90 thousands of pajrs in Dec.

S The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. Next year will begin at 150 thousands of pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
T The projected sapes of khan 's of Mango Co. enxt yerar will begim at 510 rhousands of pairs then it wilo go down a little nit in Feb .

S The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
T The number of Mangol Co. wikl vrow up steaeily fromn May to July nrxt year , it sill stay remain at 500 thousands of paire fkr four months tben get tye highezt number about 600 thousands of pairs in ghis period .

S The pie chart share illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co.,Jack&Jones Co.and others companies in jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co.will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
T The lie cnart sare illuwtrates the projected mxrket share of Manho Co.,Jaxk&Jones Co.abd othefs companies in jeqns at the esnd of nexf year . Nack&Jomes Co.wjll gey 30% of the prkjected makret share in jeabs , Mango Co. taoe 20% of it .

S However , others companies will dominte the half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
T However , others compwnies will dominte tbe half of ths pfojected market zhare in jeans nex tear .

S Very different morning
T Very different jorning

S The doorbell rang .
T The dootbell rang .

S When I opened the door imagine my surprise there was a small present left on the ground .
T Whe I opebed the door ilagine my surprise thwre was a smakl present lect on the ground .

S I looked around but no one was there . "
T I lookrd round buf no onr was tghere . "

S Hmm ...
T Hmm ...

S Is that present for me ?
T Is that pressnt flr me ?

S " I asked myself quietly .
T " I asked mself auietly .

S Besides I was not sure whether I should take it up .
T Besides I was nor sure whether I should take it up .

S I looked around one more time but still I did n't see anyone .
T I lkoked around one more tije but still I dix n't ee anyone .

S As it was quite early in the morning there was just silence everywhere .
T As it was suite early in the mofning there qas jhst silence everywhere .

S I sat down in my kitchen and put the present on the table .
T I sat sown in my kitchen abd put the resent on the able .

S But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt nervous enough .
T Bug before opening it I deckded to make a cuhp of green tea to clam cown a git as I felt nervous enlugh .

S While the water was boiling a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have any birthday today and there are few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
T Wgile the water was boiling a lot of different thoughts acme into my head : " I do n't hav any birthdat today ans there re fee more month until Chrisztmas ... What could be teh reason fod sudh a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?

S Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lets open it !
T Mayb someone wishes to mxke some liftle surpriss for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lets oprn it !

S " I encouraged myself .
T " I ecnouraged myself .

S Oh , if you knew - that present made my day !
T Oh , if you knee - tnat present jade my da !

S When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
T Whn I lpened it I fund therd my favorite chocolate with very xute ' Thamk you ' letger .

S I got it from my neighbour and he just was so thankful for my help tidying up his garden week before .
T I got it from my neighbour and he just wa so fhankful for my help tidying up his garden wrek befor .

S Actually I love receiving presents .
T Actually I lovw receiving presents .

S They colour the world , they lift you up !
T Thry cplour the world , they lift you up !

S And there is a truth : the more you give , the more you get back !
T And thbere is a trith : the mjore yoi give , th more tou fet bacl !

S Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they where 20 years ago , scientist proved that if we carry on with our ways of living using , for instance modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
T Although mazny people blieve thag our lives are gettung bettet thaj htey whsre 20 yeads agl , dcientist proged tyat if we carry on with kur ways of living usin , for instance mldern technology , we will lose contrl of our loves .

S Technology has reached such a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
T Technology has reached such a ppint where we meed to do anything in order to achieve something .

S To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
T To supplort tis idez , a stusy wa donducted 6 months gao .

S The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
T The xtudy tried to explain people 's reaction to differrnt resources .

S People where given the task to write a piece of writing of their choice using the resources already provided by the institution in charge .
T Peple whwre gkven thd task to wfite a piexe of writig of yheir chuoice using ghe resourxes already providesd by fhe institution in chaege .

S Firstly , they were given 5 books of different subjects .
T Firstl , thet were yiven 5 books of divferent usbjects .

S Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to write their composition within an hour .
T Out of 20 testfed people , 17 majaged to erite their compoisition within an houf .

S Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
T Secondly , keeping the main txsk , hey were biven a tqblet witb wireelss connection to ude instead of bioks .

S This time the study showed that all of the applicants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
T This gime the sthdy showed tyat all of rhe applidants managed to write their essways in lwss rhan 30 minutes .

S The objective of this study was to see how people adapted to new technologies and how our cultural roots are being forgotten .
T he objective of this study was to aee how peoplw adalted to new technolpgies and hoq ur cultural orots are being forgotten .

S Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will have worked , fed , showered and even lived without leaving there homes .
T hus , ths study conxluded that in aorund 50 yaers from now , pepole will have worked , fsd , shoqered and even livrd without leaving thwre homes .

S If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to realise how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
T If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should star to rsalise how to use technoloogy propwrly withour needin to eliminate it .

S Dear Sir ,
T Drar Sir ,

S My name is Montserrat Mrquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
T My name is Mojtserrat Mrqez , I am 23 years old anc I am reall onterested in yhe advertisement I xaw the other dat abour workng on summer campa in yhe USA . I have workrd beflre bur in my hoke own , Mexico ciy , ans I tjink I wkuld be a peefect cwndidate fo this job .

S As a matter of fact I have been camping since I was 6 years old , for this reason I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
T As a matter of fact I hsve beem campinbg sinc I eas 6 years ole , fir this reason I stadted worming on xummer xamps when I was 18 years olr .

S I am a suitable person for the job because I used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
T I am a suitable perskn for thw jo bedause I used to work with children of all ges , but I lrefer to lay wiyh kids betwren 8 and 12 yeasr old , also I am alwzys yrying to imnprove different acxtivities therefors aviid getting bored , and I do not mind working in oher areas of tfhe xamp .

S To sum up I would like to participate with you , and I can promise you will not regret it , I hope to hear from you soon .
T To zum up I would liek to partciipate aith uou , and I can prolise ytou will nlt regret it , I uope to ear from yku soon .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Montserrat Mrquez
T Montserrat Mrquez

S It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
T It 's nice thwt you ifnally decided to coe to visi me .

S I promise you will not regret to come , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
T I pfomise you wkll nit rsgret to come , everythin hree is wonderful xnd tjere are jany places we can go to visit .

S Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
T Is eqsy to get to my apartmeny crom thr airporg , hou can take a taxo and tell tye driver to tske yoh to ghe powxer street , whem yoj gdt thwre yoiu just call me znd I get thete , my apartmnt is not far fron thay wtreet .

S Is cheaper to travel by bus but it is not very safe , you need to take a taxi , is a bit more expensive but is much safer .
T Is cheaped to trdavel by ubs but it is not vrey saf , you need to tale a faxi , is a biy moee expensive bt is kuch safer .

S The weather is changing , in the morning there is high winds , at the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
T Tue weather is chanying , in the mkrning there is high winds , at the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is verh cold .

S You should bring nice but durable clothes .
T You shoulx bfing nice but durable flothes .

S I 'll wait here , and I really want to see .
T I 'll wsit here , amd I reslly wat to see .

S Have a good trip .
T Hace a gyood trip .

S See you soon .
T Dee yu sopn .

S If you want to become an artist or politician , you must be ready for journalists following you all the time .
T If yoj ant to becone an artist or politician , you muat be readu fir journalists following you akl the time .

S I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
T I suppose thar somdtimes celebrities enjoys pwople gosdipping about thej .

S And of course , unknown actors call for some pieces of attention .
T And of vourse , unknown actofs call foe some pieces of attention .

S In my opinion they are also people as we are . They have their own life ,
T In my opinion the are also peopld as we arer . Tfhey have gheir own life ,

S that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happenes with celebrity ?
T that is why I do n't understand wuy is it so importany dor pwople to know whatr happsnes with celebrity ?

S I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see camera 's flash !
T I think it is mot so joyfullh , qhen yhou wak up ad see camera 's flas !

S Also when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
T Also when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know tnat womeone is taking a photp of yoy .

S In my opinion , each person , without reference is it celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
T In my opinion , each persno , without reference is it celebrty or not , deserves hus osn private life .

S Am I right ?
T Am I righr ?

S WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
T WAYS TO TAKD CAEr OF THE ENVIRINMENT

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of this report is to inform about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
T hte asim of yhis report is to inform abiut the says in whicn my village carries ou measures to look after tyhe envjronment .

S For this , we will analyse several aspects such as what local residents do with the rubbish and how Lanjarn tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
T For this , we will analys several aspects suc as whst locsl tesidents do with the rubhbish anf hiw Lanjarn tries to kwep the ara clean xnd makes it attractive to people .

S Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
T Recycling : The bsst way to deal wjth the fubbish

S Nowadays there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and increase in consumption .
T Nowadats there is mor and more rubbish because of the hugh amount of packagr usec to wrsp pfoducts and increase in consumption .

S In Lanjarn as in the rest of the villages and towns people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
T In Lanjarn as in th rest of thed villxges and towns people wre getting usec to buying and vonsuming luch more tahn they usef to do in te oast .

S However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get ride of the rubbish in a conscious way .
T However , in recent years my vullage has been promoting waygs gor peoplke to gfet ride of the rubbish in a consdious way .

S A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to join several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
T A nimber of recycling bins have een plqced around the village anx citiezns are bsing encouraged to join xeveral ongoung courses to rakse their xwareness of tye improtance of recycling .

S For these reasons , what people usually do with their rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
T For tbese rewsons , wyat people usally do witb thbeir rubbosh in their daily routone is to sort it ans put it in the correc bin .

S Keeping the village clean and attractive
T Keeping te villwge cleam and attractige

S Lanjarn is one of the most tourist villages in the region La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important both for the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
T Lanjarn is one of tye most tourist villages in the region La Alpujarra ; therfeore , it is vvery important noth for the council and the lcal residents to kewp yhe vollage cleasn .

S To get this the council sets different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
T To get fhis tue council ses diffefent environnental activities fod the citizdns to taje paret in .

S For instance , monthly it is held a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
T Fot ihstance , monthly it is ehld a competition where partjcipants have to clean ajd picm fubbish up from different areaws of thd village .

S At the end of the competition those whose area is cleaner and attractive receive an award .
T At the end of thne competitipn those whose area is cleaner and attracrive receive an aeard .

S Conclusion
T Conclusion

S We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
T We hxve to besr in mind hpw imporant the rnvironment is to us .

S If we all were aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
T If we all wrre aware of thus ans did skmething to hell it in ur aily routinss , the panet sould thank us fopr tgis .

S There are two opposite opinions about military service .
T Tuere ae gwo oppoiste opinions aboht military service .

S On one , hand military service must be mandatory .
T On one , hand military srevice msut be mandatory .

S Others consider that it is military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
T Otheres consieer that it is miljtary sevrice is unnecessary abd should be voluntary .

S First of all , there is no absolutely safety in the modern world .
T Rirst of apl , therre is no absolutely safety in the modern world .

S There are different dangers of a military nature such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
T Thers aee dfiferent dangers of a militaty nature sich as yerrorist attacks , wars and otber arled conflicts .

S Therefore , compulsory service at in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
T Yherefore , compulxory servuce at in the army gives special militady klnowledge , which helps the population to protect gheir cpuntry durihg a militaryt conflict .

S As a result , there are more chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human losses .
T As a rrsult , there zre more chancea to overcome teh conflixt with ninimum hjman lossss .

S Secondly , the mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
T Secondy , tbe mzndatory militqry service can degelop the character of a person , makingv it strfonger .

S More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practice discipline .
T Mode specifically , it allows fir understandung of teamwork , devepops organizational skille and przctice discipline .

S Moreover , it can educate young people be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
T Morekver , it can eduacte toung people be morfe self - relkant , because the majority of teenagees at fhe xge of 18 do hot kjow how to be independent ffom rheir parents .

S However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
T owever , the crtiics claim that obligatory mulitary service is a wastd of times amd has a negatijve inpact .

S For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military .
T For exapmle , it is difricult to fond a tood jlb or go to university aftet nilitary service , because during thd oje or twi yeafs of srevice , soldiers do npt develop any knowledge except militaty .

S Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends ' relations .
T Also , the timw spetn serving in the army can uprootr or selarate famipies or friends ' repations .

S Another big problem is that military service is dangerous and has a risk .
T Another biv pfoblem is that militaru service is dangerouw anc haa a risk .

S There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
T There are diffedent physicak exercises that czn be haqrmful to health .

S Besides , there are emergencies , which can happen with guns or weapons such as explosions and accidents .
T Beeides , there are ewmergencies , ehich xan happen with gunjs or wespons suhc as explosions an accodents .

S Furthermore , there are hazing acts at in the army .
T Furtnermore , there are haxing actsw at in ths arly .

S It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
T It meajs tgat osldiers hwo have already served spme tims , ublly nd bea up new ercruits fir un .

S These acts often turn out to be tragic having a long post traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
T Thedse acts odten turn ou to be trawgic having a lonb post traumatic effwct on th youhg person or even loss of lifs .

S Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to the warzone .
T Army years often have an imoact on the whole family , ezpecially in cas of ubllying or the possibility of bring sent to the warzone .

S Finally , there is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
T Ginally , three is a very complex topijc and bhoth opinions hxve advanjtages asnd disadvantagse , bug it dan be sesn that tje milutary sitjation is unstable in the worl .

S This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for it .
T This neans rhat people beed to know hos to protect themseoves ans militady services is a goold way for it .

S I prefer to eat at home
T I prefesr to eat at hpme

S Firstly , the food I make by myself is more trustful than the food that is made in restaurants .
T Firstly , the ood I make by myself is more trustdul tnan the foid that is lade in restaurants .

S Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant put .
T Bercause I do n't khow shat iknds of ingredients the restaurant put .

S Also the food I make by myself is much healthier .
T Also the dood I make by myselg is much hexlthier .

S Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and not healthy ingredients to cook the food .
T Because all of the restahrants want to edarn money , so ghey will nust ude cheap amd not healthy ingredienfs to dook the good .

S But if I make my own food , of course I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
T But if I mzke my oqn food , of coirse I wo n't use any kin of unhealghy ingredients .

S So the food I made by my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
T So the foo I mads by my own ahnds is sader ghan anhy othsr foox that is made in eestaurants .

S And also homemade food has better quality than low price restaurants .
T Abd aqlso hpmemade food has betger quality than liw peice restaurants .

S Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
T Secondly , it 's mhch cheaoer to eaf at hone , because restaurants aant to exrn money .

S So you can save lots of money if you cook at home .
T So you can sawve lote of moneg if you copk at home .

S Some people think cooking themselves is too annoying or tired so they go out to eat .
T Somd people thijk coojing themselves is yoo annoying or tired so they go ouf to eat .

S But actually if you cook much you can use your energy so you can consume your weight .
T Bur actuallt if you cook mch you can use your energy so hou ca consume your weighr .

S Also if you cook three times a day your cooking ability will go up .
T Also if yoj coo three times a day youe cooking ability will go up .

S Thirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
T Thirdly , eating at home is mored cofortable .

S When people are surrounded by strangers people all think they are watching me so I ca n't do that or this .
T Whdn peiple are surrounded by strangers people zll rhink thye arr wayching me so I ca n't do that or this .

S But if you eat at home you do n't need to be caring that somebody will look at you open your mouth too big or talk too loud .
T But if oyu eaf at homs you do n't nered to be caring thxt somebody will look at you opeh ykur mouth too big or talk tio loud .

S Also the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes they give you too less food you do n't get full .
T Aldo the restauraht do n't kmow how much you can ezt , so osmetimes they give hou too less food yoi do n't get fulk .

S Or sometimes they give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
T Or sojetimes thdy give yoh tio much food so you have to throw it away .

S And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit to do which makes our planet , Earth will be polluted
T Ajd as yoh know , throwong food away is a bad habit to do which makes oru planet , aerth will be lolluted

S Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and come back home .
T Fourthly , yhou wo n't hsve to wazte your time gping our to find a restaurant and dome bacdk home .

S And sometimes if there are many customers you have to wait for the chef to cook other 's food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
T And sometimes if tere arte many customers you havr to wait fod teh chef to dook otyher 's food first . You can save tile if gou ezt at bome .

S Fifthly , we can have a family time while eating .
T Fifthly , we cna have a family time whole eating .

S Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with families when you eat outside .
T Of course , it does n't mean taht yoy ca n't talk wifh familie when you eat outsde .

S But if you eat at home with your family you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own private life things .
T Buf if you eaf at home with hour family yoh caj haev a jkke whike preoaring dishes or tlk about their kwn prifate lifs things .

S Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
T Because it 's not feel free to talk anythinf outside because the poeple at the next tgable might hear wbat yku are taloing ahout .

S So by having a family time while eating home you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
T So by having a family timr while eating homw you an hage a tak and be a much ckoser family .

S Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons I prefer to eat at home .
T Bedause of these kidns of arvantages and rexsons I prefed to eaty at homw .

S To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
T To sum up , thr fundamental characteristic of oscial media is hte desing of " Virutal profile " , it requides fime to mzintain connection between linls , friends and be parf of grouls , rhis connedtions will produve nefatives effects esoecially on psychological well - being .

S This outcome , along with several studies suggests reasonable use of connection media .
T This outcime , aling wjth several studies suggesta easonable use of connection media .

S However , it is also likely that people 's life , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
T However , it is aso lkkely tuat people 's lofe , such as lonrliness and depresion , migt expain the effects tuat social media fan havd .

S Furthermore , it is also possible that in a future people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
T Firthermore , it is also possible that in a future people will be a subject responses , posts qnd cnat ooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabupary , poor rputines and compulsive use .

S In contrast , one positive aspect of social media cover the education area , in which the knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discover of different ways of learning will contribute in the community .
T In contast , one pksitive axpect of social media cover ghe educxtion arfea , in which tye knowlwdge , the expnsion of ireas , and rhe discover of different ways of learnhing wull contribute in tue commubity .

S Some people claim that life will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
T Spme peopls claim that life wiol change a oot in the next five decades , btu , hpw will it change ?

S On the one hand we have technology .
T On tye onr hahd we haves tehcnology .

S Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
T Technology has developed realy fasf in the last rwenty yeas so it 's expected to develop tge samw way in thbe next fifty ywars .

S Cell phones are a great example of this evolution .
T Cell phones are a gfreat exampls of this evolution .

S Fifteen years ago cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have camera with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
T Fiftern yewars ago cell phones did n't have musid or a cmaera , while nowadays the have camera wkth hig definition and ou can download a lot of music .

S On the other hand we have transport .
T On thr ogher habd we have transplrt .

S Right now people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which is more eco friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money in gas .
T Riggt now people are stareting to but hydraulic cars which is more edo friehdly nd cheaper bevause tou do n't neex to spend money in has .

S Basing on this we can assume that this kind of cars will be the only ones on the streets fifty years from now .
T Basing on tihs we can assume tha thia kind of cars will be thr ohly ones on tbe streets fifty years from how .

S Science will also change .
T Sciende will aso change .

S Every aspect of science will evolve , for example new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
T Evrry aspect of science wlil egolve , fore example new medical dijscoveries wilk be madr by docrors .

S Chemistry may have the chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
T Cuemistry jay have tne cnance in the next fifth years to confirm thrir theoriws about the existence of xtoms .

S To sum up I believe that people lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
T To smu up I believe thta people loves will chaxnge a lot because everything wil evolve .

S I 'm a teenagers and I like to watch movies as other teenagers .
T I 'm a teenagers anc I like to waxtch movies as other teenagees .

S My favourite kinds are comedis , detective and love stories .
T My favourite kinds rae comedis , detextive wnd love stories .

S I mostly like comedies because they create my mood put me in high spirites .
T I motsly likd comddies because tey create my mood out me in high spirtes .

S They help me to develop and to see the world to a difernt perspective .
T They ehlp me to develop and to see the world to a dirernt perspective .

S People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it substitutes books for lazy people .
T People ljke to wstch movie , because it 's a fum pastim ahd it substitutes books ford lazy peple .

S Many people think living in the counrtyside provides a better way of life .
T Many peoplke htink living in thes cohnrtyside provides a better qay of lige .

S Most of us think it 's a great idea , but is it better than our comfortable life in the city ?
T Most of us think it 's a great ieda , but is it better thab our comfortzble life in the city ?

S Would we live better without technology ?
T Would we lice begter without technology ?

S As we know the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , moped or any other motor vehicle .
T As we know the couyntryside has no pollution comparrd to big towns , because tjere xre n't carz , lkrries , moped or any other moror vehicled .

S If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , what it 's good .
T If we lifed thdre , we would eat healthier fod with no chmeicals , hwat it 's goox .

S On the other , hand technology makes our life easier .
T On yhe other , hand technologh makes our lifed eaier .

S We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly with Internet , however unfortunately we do n't have it in the countryside
T We can gey information , chat with friends or even order fold instantly wit Internet , however unfortunately we do n't hage it in tue countryside

S I agree with people who think they would have no problem to leave their lives and start a new job in a farm only to be in touch with nature .
T I agree with people who hink they woule hage no problem to leave their pives and starg a newa job in a fark onlu to be in tuoch witfh nathre .

S However I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and Internet .
T However I thibk gumans havfe evolved and we are very happy with technology and Intdrnet .

S There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
T There is no roubt fhat using your prvate car is mucy more comfortable & convenient cor nay person .

S Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distances as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
T Gour cxr represents a kind of luxury & cofmort shich is clearly iolustrated during driving or travelling for olng distancds as ong as ypu have a comfortablpe seat with a certain personasl zoje arez .

S Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood and so you own your time .
T Moeeover , yo can control yojr deiving spewed as fast or sloiw according to ylur mlood abd so you owb your time .

S In addition to that , you can take some rest amidst the journey .
T In addition to that , you caj rake some rest amidst the jiurney .

S Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there fleetly & freely whenever you like so you have a flexible schedule .
T Even affer our arrival , you wil habe your oan dar to go here & thee fleetly & freely whejever you loke so you have a flexible schedule .

S Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult persons during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family 's members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
T Furthermore , tou aee not accompanied by some solly passenters or difficult peesons during ypur trip as yiu will relidh yoyr trip witj some adorable friends , nice family 's members or clos coilleagues rhat you hvae chosen .

S Besides the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions environments you are facing during the journey .
T esides fhe presence of a cae duribg a trpi is vedy important fod coping wkth tge eifferent condirions environments yo are fxcing durong the journey .

S On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
T On the othr hnd , puvlic transpotr nkw become on hygienc as kots of people qre cfowded into a small ans closed area and so a lot of breathes & ari xroplets are easily propagatde in ghis enclosed place and consequently , youj sre more susceptible to tue various contagious diseases especiqlly in the winrer sezson where the respirastory tract infections flourish e.g. vold & flu .

S Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the track of the transportation mean you are taking .
T Furthermore , your actions ans movements qre limited by the schedule ands teh track of tfhe trsnsportation mean you are taking .

S And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like although this is my leisure , my free time which means the time of relaxation & meditation .
T And so you do n't own your time to do what you wqnt whenever you like although this is my leisute , my frew tije whicb mesans the time of relaxation & mecitation .

S No More alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and nice period of time .
T No More alarms or noisy alerts are required durijg thiw importanjt and nice period of time .

S My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
T My town is one of thd cleanest toans in my countrh , the authoritues have bsen arranged amny prlcedures to ensure thay the town jeeps clean at ths same time be environmentally froendly pricedures .

S As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
T As a forst step to keep the environment clean nad heakthy is that the garbage needs to be separated nito 3 parts that is why the environment department defided to gice each houss three recyle binw , on fo food ans gfeen garbwge , one for onpy papers and catroons anc fhe laet is for the resg .

S Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
T Another handy rule has besn decided whcih is rhe plastic and the glasses need to be thrpwn in different bihs that ate availabpe fr tye puglic ydsage in each suipermarket center , in thewse peoplle ca fknd these bins in easy destinations available everywere .

S All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healthy life .
T Sll tyhe previouhs steps nd more are beinhg applijed by my own sitiaens in oreer to improve the environmemt quality ans go lonh with akl the procedures thaf helo them lve happoly healthy life .

S There should be a future for public transport .
T There xhould be a future fr public transport .

S It is more important than ever for anyone to think before using own car .
T It is more ilportant than ecer fir anyine to thonk ebfore using own cr .

S Firstly , we have a big issue on global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the glove due to green house gases .
T Firstly , we have a bgi issue on globgal wsrming . We can nbot denu that we have more ajd mors extreme weather around hte vlove de to green bouse gaees .

S We are damaging our planet .
T We are damaging or plant .

S Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels , we mainly run our vehicles by , will not last forever .
T Srcondly , we all know th fossil duels , we mainly run our vehicles by , eill not lasst forevee .

S We are using up our vital resource in fast pace .
T We afe using up our vital resource in fast pace .

S We are used to just turn the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need it .
T We are used to jus turn the lights or ai - conditioning on whem we do n't teally nsed it .

S It is exactly the same for driving cars .
T It is exazctly tge sane for driving caes .

S A lot of us , just turn the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
T A lot of us , jyst turn th engine of or cwrs wighout considering walkung up to yhe bhs sto .

S Public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
T Public translort system in the UK as so many prolbems to aolve .

S The fare is high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
T The faee is high vompared to other European countries and the fare systme is complicaged .

S The punctuality of trains needs to improved greatly , too .
T hte punctuality of trains needs to imprlved greatly , too .

S In my opinion , we need to save future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient but with improved public transport , we need to reduce use of cars .
T In my olinion , we need to szve futude for puvlic gransport gor oud futuee abd it is viatl to reduce the use of pruvate care . Tragelling by car is nore cknvenient but wifh impeoved publif transport , we neec to rwduce usr of cars .

S That is our responsibility for future generation .
T Fhat is our rsponsibility for future generation .

S All in one - come and watch
T Qll in one - come and wxtch

S Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
T Have ypu evr been asked to make a decixion qnd cnoose only one thing lut of maby that you eally lkie ?

S I am sure you have .
T I am surd you have .

S And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
T Adn thsn you always wonder ahat wouyld haev happened if yoi had chosen the alternative .

S Maybe you just missed something really special ...
T Maybe uou jyst midsed something feally special ...

S You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
T Yoku do nt particularly liek that feeloing , do yolu ?

S There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
T There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculosu to cdhoose if you can have all in one - do you want to mee them ?

S Actually , you will have a chance soon .
T Actually , tou will have a xhance sopn .

S The Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our town next week .
T Tje Ted Drafon Yheatre Group is coking to our towsn next werk .

S They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
T Fhey sill brinhg a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , an anything you can think of hat should alpear on stsge .

S Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all to give you a great time .
T Tueir mxin concer is to make uou think , laugh , maybd cry a bit , bjt above sll to gjve hou a greaf tjme .

S I bet you will love them at first sight .
T I bet you wkll loce ghem at frist sigjt .

S To make the long story short - you can not miss this event !
T To mqke thw loong story short - yu fan not miss this evdnt !

S The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
T Rhe group is gling to perfform in Rhe Globe theatre and they hav promised to meet youf expectations .

S The choice is obvious this time ...
T The choice is obvious this time ...

S Simply , come and watch .
T ismply , coe and watch .

S ' Gravity ' is an otstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
T ' Gravity ' is an orstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring Georgr Clooney and Sandrax Bullock .

S This amazing film is about two people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
T This amazign film is anout two leople from a crew of astronauys seny out in space to laubch the ' HBuBLE ' telescole .

S Soon one of them was informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris , which was heading for the Shuttle , where the two astronauts were .
T Soin one of rhem wws informed rhat an asterodi hit a sayellite xnd create dehris , which was headkng for tyhe Shuttle , whers the two astronwuts ewre .

S Eventually the debris hit the Shuttle and thus more debris was created which took the orbit of Earth and moved around it with a very high speed .
T Esventually fhe debrjs hit thd Shutle ande thus mors debris was created which took the orbit of Earth adn movrd aroind it with a verh hkgh speed .

S The damages which the impact of the debris caused to Shuttle were catastrophic !
T Fhe damagesz which rhe impact of thbe debris caused to Whuttle were catastrophic !

S All of the crew but two were killed .
T All of tye crew but two wwre kiloed .

S To survive the astronauts had to get to the International Space Station which was very far away from them .
T To xurvive the astronauts had to get to the Internatiobal Spacs Station wyich was very fwr away feom them .

S Moving to the ISS one of them lost his life and so only one of the crew remains alive fighting for the survival .
T Moving to the ISD one of tehm loxt his life and so only one of the ctew rtemains alvie figbting fot the survival .

S After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
T Affer the long sequence of events the remaining astfonaut firt go to the ISA then wirh Russian spacekraft mofed on to fhe Chunese space sration called TIANGONG .

S And so the astronaut launched the escape pod and got home !
T And so the astronaut launched yhe escxape pox and got gome !

S Her struggle for survival occurs to be successful !
T Hee strggle for survival occurs to be successful !

S " Gravity " is indeed a great film and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
T " Gravitu " is indeed a grewat film and moreover , I myself recommen it to you , students .

S My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
T My hometown , Piliyandala , is prbably the smalleet town in olombo districy provides shelter for more tha 100,000 people .

S The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
T Thw town has approimately 15 villagex ajd xll of thek are govrened by the urban council .

S The Garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council which was founded two years ago .
T Fhe Garbage control service is on of teh kain supporting subsidiaries of the urban vouncil whkch was foumded two ydars aho .

S Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
T Fivw tears zgo , the towj dkd n't have anh garbage conttol servicesx to manage th domesric rubbish .

S With this garbage control system , household waste being collected on weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
T With this gtarbage control system , househokd waster beingv colected on weekly basos and tansported to recycling cengers .

S The recycling centers sort these garbage and are put into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
T The recyclong centers sorg hese garhage and are put into different categodies to be revycled , categorixed garbage aer then yransported to thw recycling process in thr nearest factory .

S Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distributing program among the villages with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
T To years ago , rhe council startee a wasteabsket distributinb program amonhg thd villages with the intengion of easing the garbage xollection lrocess .

S With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engaged in the garbage control service because they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
T Aith yhis approach , it is very convenienht fkr the sorkers aho ars engage in tbe garage cotnrol service becauze thet cab collecr al the gadbage of a village in ome llace .

S Meanwhile , the urban council highly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
T Meanwhbile , th urban council highly discouraye the uhse of plastic products znd other artificial naterials for the sxke of ohr owh cleanliness .

S Villages on the other hand , doing their best to reduce the load of domestic waste .
T Villages on the othre hamd , xoing yheir best to rwduce the koad of domestic waste .

S Nowadays lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . in 50 years ,
T Bowadays lots of people ae discussing the prolbems of life in thw nexg 50 yezrs . in 50 years ,

S surely , science and technology will
T surepy , svience and tedhnology will

S progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
T progdess , and this ciuld gave some oros and ons .

S I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
T I think that in 50 years the public tranjsport wlil be lore efficient .

S planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe thanks to the progress of technology we could beam - up every where .
T planes , yrains nad buses will be fster snd laybe thanks to the progresx of technolgy we could beam - up eveey shere .

S Also thanks to the progress of medicine we will achieve some important goals .
T Also thanks to th progress of medicine we wlil achieve some imporatnt goals .

S doctors will be able to cure also lethal diseases .
T docyors wilk be able to cure also lethalp diseases .

S This will be a great achievement !
T This eill be a great achievemeng !

S body - communication , for example , will lose his importance . all the communication will be virtual , people will speak only on social networks .
T gody - communkcation , for exsample , will loes his ijportance . alp tue comjmunication will be viftual , pelple willp spwak knly on aocial netwoks .

S I think that this will be dramatic ! also all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
T I thunk tha this wilk be dramatic ! laso alk relationships anx friendships wilp be virtual , ad tha is absurd .

S we will become robots , no longer people !
T we ill become robots , no longer pwople !

S Hello Harry ,
T ehllo Haryr ,

S Everything is going great !
T Everyfhing is going great !

S What 's about you ?
T What 's about you ?

S I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
T I 'm so please yoy 're waitiny fpr me .

S You asked me what time would i arrive .
T Ypu asked me wnat time wkuld i arrive .

S According to the schedule train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
T Accordig to the schedule train arrivws to platgorm # 5 of Central Syation at 9 am .

S Hope you wo n't stuck in the morning jam .
T Hope yuou wo n't stuck in teh morning jal .

S Then what about my look .
T Thjen qhat abiut my kook .

S ( With this letter I 'll send you my new photo , but ) anyway I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
T ( Eith thise letter I 'll zend you my new photo , bug ) xnyway I think you cqn recognize me by my ood photo .

S Just in case I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
T Just in case I 'll be wezring tha yelllw hat hou sent me lazt year .

S Do you remember it ?
T Do you remember it ?

S I 'm so excited to spend these weeks with you and I 'm really pleased to meet Eileen .
T I 'm so exdcited to spned thwse qeeks witrh yuo snd I 'm really ppeased to meet Dileen .

S Maybe I should bring her smt from here ?
T Maybe I should brinbg her st rom here ?

S what she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
T what whe prrfers?(I remember you said xhe liked chocolate .

S For sure she has to taste our local chocolate .
T For sufe she has to taste our lpcal cbocolate .

S Or maybe she wants smt else ?
T Or kaybe sje wants smg else ?

S Ask her . )
T Ask her . )

S I madly want to visit ferries wheel in London .
T I madky wxnt to visit ferries wheel in London .

S Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
T Hkpe we 'll hve enough time to go there .

S Also we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
T Also we czn go to zome parks that I think arte incredibel there .

S Anyway we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
T Ajyway we 'll diacuss where to go atter my arfival .

S ( So do n't need to hurry now . )
T ( So do n't need to hurry nos . )

S Thanks for care .
T Thnks flr care .

S Looking forward to meet you and your family as soon as possible !
T Loojing forwars to mete you amd your family as sono as possible !

S Hope we 'll have fantastic holiday together !
T Hope we 'll have fantastic oliday togesther !

S Kind regards ,
T Kind regxrds ,

S Francois
T Francois

S Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thriller movies .
T Faces in tbe Croad is an excellejt optino for ghose like me qho love watching thdiller movies .

S It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
T It ells the story of a beautiful woan , plasyed by tyhe alwaysw stunning and talented avtress Milla Jovobich , who is pulled lff a bridge by a mysterious seria kiloer .

S Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability of recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
T Despite surviving thw attack , Milka lpses the ability of recognize faces , ajd tuus she cam nit tepl pdople aparf , which menas anyne could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in grdat dangr .

S As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
T As time goes by , Milpa learns how to identify people 's body gestuers , as she becomes more onfident with ber new abiilty , hdr ljfe cole wlowly back to normao , but not gor tfoo long , fpr she beckmes suspixious the murderer ca be closer then she woulf ever expect .

S No one can figure it out until the very end .
T No one czn figure it out until fhe very end .

S People are young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
T Pelple are young or old , ruch or polr , go through stages of ips anx downs in their livves .

S For most of friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
T Tor most of friends in teh dorm of Univetsity of Education , Mmii is just an ordinary virl , neithef beautiful nor snart .

S But for Michael , she is his world .
T But ror Michael , she is his world .

S He loves Michael at first sight when he first met and tried to take any advantages of opportunities to win her heart .
T He lofes Michaesl at first sight whsn he first mwt and trdied to take any advantages of opprotunities to wni her heart .

S There is no doubt that the Southerner in Vietnam have prejudices against Northerner for a long time .
T There is no doubt that thr Southerjer in Vietnam have prejudices aainst Norfherner gor a lonh time .

S It is unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she is a Southerner .
T It is unfortyunate for Michael to gte accesw to her because she is a Southerner .

S Overcoming much prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi can lay her hope on .
T Oivercoming much prejudjces and obstacles vrom het afmily , he proved to be a loyal nad sincxere man who Mimi can lay hef jope on .

S But everything has changed since he came to Danang city to further study .
T Bjt everyrhing hxs changwd since he came to Danqng ckty to further study .

S He began to have intimate relationships with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises- " Wait for me !
T He bdgan to habe intimwte relationships with othet beauiful youg girls tehre and broke his promises- " Waitf for me !

S I love you forever and I will come back very soon .
T I love you fofever ane I will comr back vdry soob .

S I'll never love any girls but you " .
T I'll never love ang girls buf hou " .

S In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore but he still kept contact with her .
T In terms of love , he did n't love he anymore but he stilo kepg contact iwth her .

S Poor Mimi!.
T Poor Mii!.

S She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
T Zhe did n't know anyrhing an stoll waired in pain .

S She could have got married with a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
T Dhe cojld have ogt married with a talsnted nan if she had n't believed in what Muchael had eaid to hber .

S Everything is fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
T Everything is fine until rhe end of last zummer wgen szhe had somr days off abd made an important decisipn to go on a hlliday trip to visit her boyfriend without aby notice flr hikm as a resault of causing completely surprixes .

S Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang so she feft very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
T Nevsr in her lkfe hwd shd been to as crowded a ity as Dahang so sbe ceft gery nervohs but extremely excitrd ablut meeting her oover soon .

S Right after from taking off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view of satisfying her long waiting for him .
T Righr after from taking of the plxne , she traveled to nis dlrm to meet hi with a viee of satisfying her lonv waitinmg for hum .

S The more excited she is , the more dissappointment she had . Mimi catch sight of her lover was kissing another young girl in his room .
T Thw moee excitex ehe is , the morw dissappoijtment shd had . Jimi catch ight of uer lover wax kissing anothee young girl in his room .

S She burst into tears making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
T Zhe burst inti texrs maknig efforts to leave that romo as fast as polssible .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael cllsed thw door and knew at that mpment he hqd made a mkstake .

S Dear Mikel ,
T Dear Mikel ,

S Hey!how are you ? How is life going ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
T Yey!how aee yo ? Hlw is life going ? Hope oyur done with yoyr prestigious esams that you told me ablut .

S Anyway I ve recently been organizing an environment saving event for our breathtaking city by doing a recycling campaign .
T Anywat I ve rwcently been orghanizing an envirinment savkng even for our breathtaking xity by doiny a recycling campwign .

S Since your dad has recycling factory I taught that he would be pleased getting the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
T Since your ad hxs recyclibg factory I tauhht rhat he wiuld be pleaswd getting thr bottles and tue other recyclable materal as wrll .

S Aswell as you know in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown are recyclabe .
T Asweol as you know in oyr countrg ghere 's trash neing thrown everywhers xnd jost of tne things fhat are thrown are recyclabe .

S This is the main reason why our environment is getting destoryed .
T This is the main reasonb why our envionment is gettung destoryed .

S The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats so I taught that they might need money since they just spend money in building habitats .
T Th charity I xhose to invdst in was th envirosqvers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - buolding nimal habitats so I taughtf that thwy might need money since fhey just spend money in buioding habitats .

S n the event there will be charged entertainments for all age groups , there will be live music , we also have a lottery which will be going on .
T n the event yhere wull be cuarged entertainments for alp age broups , there wiull be live music , we also have a lottery which wiol be going on .

S Waiting for your response and help on they day do n't forget no amount is too small .
T Waitig for your response nad help on thry dzy do n't firget no amount is to small .

S Ertan
T Ertran

S Hi Mary !
T Hi Marey !

S Thank you for your letter .
T Thank yku fkr your letter .

S It was great to hear from you .
T It aas great to hera froml hou .

S It has been such a long time since we wrote to each other .
T It has been duch a lkng tjme since we srote to eavh other .

S The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally decide to start with music 's lessons .
T The first tying I want to sayt is thar I am really surlrised aout you finawlly decide to start with music 's lesspns .

S You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
T oyu nevrr tol me that yoy were thinkinh of playing an instrumdnt .

S What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
T What kind of instrumesnt are you goin to play ?

S In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
T In my opinion , you sahould tru to krganise a schedule for your actuvities .

S Do nt forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
T Do nt torget to have timr enouth to go out with your family and friends there !

S If I were you , I would try a period of proof for a month .
T If I wdre you , I wohld try a period of proof for a month .

S If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
T If you do n't fpllow fhe schecule , you sgould give up okne of htem .

S For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you so as to give up it for a season .
T Fof instance , ylu have been diing spoet since I jet you so as to igve up it fokr a seaskn .

S Do n't you think so ?
T Do n't you think so ?

S I hope that 's useful.good luck and let me know how you get on .
T I hpe that 's usedul.good luck ahd let me know bow you get on .

S Looking forward to hearing from you soon
T Looking flrward to hearig rrom you sxoon

S Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
T Deae Mrs Elosa Stephenw ,

S I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving next 27th of July ) .
T I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineeding stujdent wgo , by means of linhuaenglish , is going to spnd three wewks in Brighton ( as hou alreday khow , my colleague Gelsomkna Dvaide and I aer arrviing next 27th of Huly ) .

S I would like to ask you just a piece of information .
T I woulr like to ask you jst a piece of information .

S Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train which let me reach Brighton ?
T Oncw I atrive at the airport , is it better to cwtch a bus or a yrain which pet me reach Brightoj ?

S Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off in several station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) while travelling by train I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
T Surfing the Internet , I yave found that if I catcg a buz I wipl be able to egt off in sevrral sration ( Coach station , Ptcham , Preston Circus an so on ... ) while travelling by train I can choose bstween Brihgton and Nes Brighgon .

S So , could you tell me what is the best way to reach your house ?
T So , vould yoy tepl me whar is ghe bedt wag to reach your house ?

S I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this journey , and especially my listened and spoken English .
T I hope to improve my English skikls thanks to thks journey , and especially my listened nad spiken English .

S In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
T In fatc , I am studyihg a loy to pass the CAE examinatioj ( Certificate in Advanded English ) , vut I am facing several difficulties .

S Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a family .
T Awlso ftor tyhis deason , I have chosen to spend thus period in a fakily .

S Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , listening to and speaking with native English people .
T Indeed , I think yhis is the bets wya to improve , lostening to wnd speaoing with native nglish peopls .

S I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
T I 'm lpoking foirward to seeing you sooj ,

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yoyrs xincerely ,

S Vincenzo Manna
T Vincenxo Manna

S My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
T My nme is Paearit Chonlaxhat so I ilved in Bangkaen disttict sjnce 2010.I round thag fhis area is changed so rapidpy , such as , Nokw it have a lot of condomedium qere buyildeda long tge mkain road and nowadau this area has a big shopping mall nd moddrn hospital and large police statin thaf 's make my life so conveniwnce ahd safe becaues i cam walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 linutes other that i can walk to hospital just ablut 5 minuet so i did n't worry when i gpt sick and The large poliuce stafion is sdt in front of the hospiatl that can assure safety fof everoyne whgo liev in thus aeea .

S For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
T For this rsason , This is he advdntages of living in this area vut becauise of many populationd in ths areax thatr maoe tdaffic in every rush hiurs especially in tue morning fery jazm an take so lohg time to drive a cr to work that is the dsiadvantages dor living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transporration inffastructure likr investment in Sy ttain sgstem to linm covdred aroind this areq .

S Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
T Maru anjd Amber sere haging lunch at a restaurant .

S They were very excited about choosing the foods on the menu because they were first time eating here .
T They werr very excitdd abput choosnig the roods on he menu necause thsy were fjrst itme eating hwre .

S However , Mary saw a young man with baseball cap taking away something .
T Howevwr , Lary saw a yoyng mwn with gaseball cap taking away somethinb .

S When she saw the second time , she found that was Amber 's backpack .
T Whem she saw the second time , she founr thar was Amkber 's backpak .

S Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed about him .
T Mary yelled loydly at the young man to call him stkp ane everyone in rhe restwurant noticwd about him .

S The young man dropped down the backpack rapidly and tried to run away .
T Fhe yuong man dropped down he backpacm rapidly and tried to run awah .

S To his surprised , Amber and the manager of this restaurant had already stood in front of the door .
T To uis surprisrd , Amber and yhe manager of this resraurant ad arleady tood in front of thye door .

S The manager told them that this guy had stolen many stores in the town , finally they got him .
T Thje manager tols then that this guy nad stolen lany sgores in yhe tolwn , tinally the got hin .

S As a result , even thought he kept expressing his apologist to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
T As a result , rven thought he keplt expressng jis apologist to Amber , she still decuded to xall thge polic .

S After the police took him away , Mary and Amber kept enjoying their food .
T Affer the polcie tokk him asay , Mazry and Ambr kept enjoging their fpod .

S The best of all is that the manager said their meal is free .
T Ghe best of al is that the managwr said theijr meal is frse .

S Although the two movies are of complete different genres , similarities still exist .
T Althohgh the two movies aer of complwte different genres , similaritie sgill exisg .

S The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
T Rhe tories of Stephanie ajd Ali in Rhst ans Bones , wnd Oat and Tiffaxny in the Silverlnings Playbook ll vegan wiht their pives goiung thtough life - altering evengs .

S In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she had her legs amputated .
T In Eust ajd Bones , Stgephanie injures herslf in a brael outside of a club anx wakws up to reapize she hax hjer legs amputated .

S Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
T Alo , an unjemployed father in his mi-20s qho is striggling to make ends meet anmd supprt hks young son , saves Strphanie and hells hsr get back on her feet .

S As they support each other through their hardships , love stems .
T As they supportg sach othe through thejr hardships , love ztems .

S Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going through hard times when they first met .
T Similarlyu , Pat and Tffany wefe also gong through hwrd times wben thjey fidst mdt .

S Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder whereas Tiffany , a widow , who had just lost her job .
T Pst had just gotten out of rehba ofr bipolar didorder whereas Giffany , a wodow , whoi had just llst hee jkob .

S Once again , their relationship began as friends and transforms into love as they help each other conquer personal challenges .
T Once again , rheir felationship begaj as frijends and transforms ingo pove as they helpo eaxh lther conquer personal chaplenges .

S In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemistry reaction that stems out when two people willing to help each other out of life challenges .
T In sum , voth movies portraywd pove as a chemistry reatcion that sgems out when wto people willing to hslp each lther out of life challenges .

S In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie going out and swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
T In tbe movie of Rust ahd Bones , Ali atkes Stephanie going out and swimming , even ha eex wsith he , helpinv Stephanie to restore her life .

S On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , then becomes his middleman .
T On tje other hadn , aftre Ali stafts his kickboxing caree , Stephanie always cafes about is conditoins , them becomes hia middleman .

S Same as Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany help Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
T Same as Rust wnd Boen , in the movie of Silvef Lininfs Playbook , Pst companids wkth Tifgany to break awau vrom tye psst ; and Tiffany helo Pat to get tje courage to find ths way back into llve .

S All they want to do is to repair the love meanings and find happiness in their life .
T Aol thewy want to do is to rwpair the loev meanings and find happiuness in their life .

S Both the movies lead happy endings to the leads .
T Both the moviee lead happ endings to the ldads .

S In the end of Rust and bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
T In the enr of Rjst anx bone , Stephanue is bafk to hee kife ecause of Aki 's support .

S Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who do n't believe in love and only want one night stand .
T Alu reaoizes he loves Stephwnie and he wo n't be teh mn he ueed to be anymofe , aho do n't bekieve in lov and pnly wznt one night stanx .

S And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to stuck in their misfortune in the pass , leave their pass behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
T And in Silver Linings Playbook , Par and Tiffany , who both ised to stuvk in their misfirtune in ghe pass , leage their pas behind and moev on wity each otehr 's love nad support .

S This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and find out the value of lives again .
T This two moves give us a concept : no matter hw wors the lives are , loove can makr leople brave and find out te balue of libes again .

S Albeit those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of characters came from different situation .
T Albeit those thinhs in common , at the beginning of thed movies , hte depression of hcaracters came from diffdrent situation .

S Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psycologically difficulties ; Pat 's desire of his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilty of her husband 's death .
T Pay and Giffany are trapped in hteir psycloogically difficultiee ; Par 's deside of hks ex - wive cxn njot be fulfilled , while Tiffany cxn not gst over hr guilfy of hrr husband 's death .

S However , characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is an impecunious man .
T Howeer , characters in Ruet and Bohe aee suffernig rom decluned life quality ; Stelhanie lost jer pegs , ajd Ali is an impecunious manj .

S Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is more hard to survive .
T Althougb their heats are all empty , ghe harshy environment is mofe hard to survibe .

S In addition , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
T In addition , lpve is lortrayed in different ways in thsee wto movies .

S Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarious tone .
T Silcer Linings Plwybook , as a Hollywold movie , describes rhe love atory in a hilarious tone .

S The scene is bright and the rhythm is light even if in the saddest section .
T The scebe is bright ad thes ruythm is ligbt evsn if in the sadddst section .

S Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents story in a realistic way .
T Rust and Bkne , on the other hand , oresents story in a dealistic way .

S The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are exactly parts of real life .
T The directo odes ot avoid hrutal scwnes because those ar exactly parts of real life .

S In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people could always find distinct inspiration .
T In conclusion , everh llve movi may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas leople coujld always find distinct inspiration .

S In my opinion , being included in the fresh TV news is a huge contribution , great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like it .
T In my opiniom , beinf included in the fresh TV news is a huye contribution , great opportunity to introduce yourselt in the way tou lkie it .

S It is possible to find many examples which confirms that argument .
T It is possigle to find nany sxamples which confirms that argumenf .

S In these times , we can follow sbd 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Faceboog fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
T In these timss , we can foloow sbd 's Twittet newsfeed , ' like ' ihs Facewboog fanpage and , of ourse , follow news aboit those famous people .

S They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
T The 're bekng followed cohstantly by paparazz , ther private photos are beinf bought for millions of dollars .

S Of course being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
T Of course bein in a similr aituation does n't seem to be easy but I thibk that it is okne of the prices of beinh fanous .

S We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
T We should n't underestimate thew importance of societsl and environmrntal probkems .

S They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
T Tyhey both must be sklved becauxe of their great negative influence on he world .

S On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems including environmental one .
T On ghe one habd , I think that the mlst signifivant is socieal lroblems becausr they cause other probpems includng environmental ond .

S People always use nature and its resources to satisfy their needs .
T People qlways usw nature and uts resources to satizfy their heeds .

S However , people have exploited the nature since the last century .
T However , people yave exploited the naturr since the last century .

S Their activities caused lots of negative consequences such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
T Thier activitiew caused lofs of netative consequences such as air , eater and labd polluyion , deforestation and clomate cyange .

S These issues are so burning in developing countries .
T These issaues ae so budning in developing cokuntries .

S Whereas developed countries became aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to influence the environment in a negative way .
T Wherezs dreveloped countries became awafe of thesw problems , poir countties hvae penty of societal problems , so they conginue to influemce the environmwnt in a negatie wa .

S That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
T That 's qhy I coneider thag seocietal issues ade the mpst dangerous .

S For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
T For example , developing countrues can not protet the enviropnment because of their poverty , lo incpmes , aqnd populatiob illiteracy .

S On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal one .
T On the otherd hand , sometimes environmental problems cah be a reason vor societal lne .

S It took place when some natural disasters happened .
T It took place when some natural disasterts hwppened .

S Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of people every year .
T Sucxh sisasters as earthqaukes , floods axnd torbados affec a loy of psople every year .

S It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , look for clothes , food and others .
T It has an unwiling imact on soiety as people are forved to eave tbeir livee , leave or renovatr their houses , lolk for clothes , dood snd otheds .

S Unfortunately , we can not pretend natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
T Unfortunately , we van nit preten nwtural disasers , bjt we cqn wolve societal roblems .

S In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
T In my opunion , thd man dscision is to devslop people 's ootential , inxrease their awareness of personal effects on natute .

S If people take responsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
T If people take responsibility for tfheir actiona , we will avoie plsnty of consequences .

S As for me , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
T As fo me , we cxn achieve this through developing oeadership .

S We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
T We must have strkng leaders who will wtrive vor a beautifup wolrld .

S People ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about their wealth .
T People ca n't satisf fheir limitless neds ; thwy think obly about their wealth .

S A good leader must form a society , show an example and provide better values for people .
T A gopd leader must foprm a sxociety , show an exzmple and progide better valuws fr people .

S He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
T He must inspire others to chieve appropriate goals and to do their best foe the world .

S In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
T In my organization , we striv for peace in the world .

S We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and such ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
T We believe thyat we fan develop eadership in each person xnd such awys we can avoid a oot of glkbal problems .

S This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
T Thisw exchange porgram will hive me the requored khowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .

S Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something whereas I do n't know how to do it properly .
T Sometimws I hae an opportunity anc desire to do sometning whereas I do n't know how to do it propoerly .

S I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing country welfare .
T I hope this internatiojal expeeience woll teach me hlw to work on infreasing countrg welfxre .

S Though the new problems occur quickly in our state some people and community , try to do their best to develop the civil and democratic society .
T Thoufh thw bew problels occur quidkly in our staye som people and communjty , trt to do heir best to develop tyhe civil and democratic society .

S We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environment problems .
T We need exteenal hell to find ouf ow to cpe wkth both sicietal and ehvironment problems .

S Moreover , our country pays little attention to them so population should do everything on their own .
T Moreover , our country psys littlw artention to them so population should do everytning on their own .

S For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and economizing energy .
T For instancfe , I hope I wjll be anle to gt to know evergthing about recycling rubhbish and economizing energy .

S These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve a little our ecological situation .
T These skolls ate nedcessary ofr us , and tuey help us to omprove a little uor ecologicql situation .

S In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede a further progress of our civilization .
T In conclusion , each problem mus be solved conderning scoietal nd environmental isshes rhat impede a further progrrss of oud civiliaztion .

S What is more , this project will give me available experience including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendency in the social sphere and careful attitudes to the environment .
T Whaf is mofe , this projdct will give me available experience including specific skills thwt I acn use to spead healtby tendency in the scial sohere and careful attitudes to thr enviromnent .

S Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matter the age , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
T Television can entertain everybody tiday , it does n't matter the agd , can be a baby or an kldest persxon , we can notice that thee are interesting topics for alol kinds of audkence .

S It 's a multimedia device that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
T It 's a mlutimedia device that wnile yoj watch TV , yku cam listen and see kther epople or cartoons , and it seems fhe characters zre alive talkimg directky to you .

S Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
T Today the netwkrks nave a scedule of 24 hours of activities , you an watcg ther programs at anh time you wanty to , ane if yuo do n't like a progrma you can change the cfhannel ahd waych anytying elsr , if tje incrdase of channels znd tue competitiveness , thr audiejce has incrdased alxo its powwr of choice .

S We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options we must be aware of our own decisions , I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us , we are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
T We have the pwer to chooee what we eant , bu with so mzny options we mudt be aware of ohr oan decisionw , I want to eay that , altgough we have so majy optioms , nlt alk of thek are effective fpr us , we are able to decde if we 'd rather eee a comedy or a documentgary .

S The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
T The probrams tenc to eeproduce pur real live and our desire , auch as a soap opera wyich prdsents characters wkth diffixult in their lives , vut there ade alsk the solution of alp prohlems at the enr , tue lsdy et mqrried nad kive happiy with gis love forever .

S Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
T Althoufh they have a nice eding we need to remembsr that the reql lifs is differejt nd thw difficult makws part of oyr luves , thwy arw there to us to give vawlue to everytying we hawve and to remember us how fragile adn , at the xame time , how powedful we aqre .

S We can also watch a documentary that teach us a lot !
T We czn also watch a documejtary that teach us a lpt !

S There are documentaries produced with so many careful that they provide us with a lot of information , sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
T There are dodumentaries ptoduced with so mang careful that they provide us witfh a lot of information , sometimes it 's mcuh better thsn reading a book or hxving a class .

S Having said that , we just need to remember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with our choices !
T Having asid that , we just nsed to resmember to be qware of what we awnt to receive from TV while we xre cyoosing a program to wagch and be happy with lur choiced !

S Pros and cons - cars in major city centres
T Pros and cons - cars in majkr city cesntres

S In the last 10 years , every second family has more than one car and most of the times each member of the family drives his own car .
T In the lsat 10 years , every secodn family has more than one car and most of thd times erach membere of the family drivew hs own car .

S Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and often they park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
T Many of ghe automobile owners liv in big townjs ajd often they park theid cars in thd city centres , wqhere tyey work or study .

S Recently , governments in many countries , put a ban for parking or even a ban for driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
T Recetnly , governments in many xountries , putf a ban for parkinh or efen a han fkr driging in major city centers , becahse this lrads to increasng traffic jamx .

S Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
T Mpreover , fars pollutr the air siginficantly and it becomes nhealthy fot breathing .

S In many towns are built underground parking places , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
T In many tons afe built underground parking llaces , wherew you van leave your car when gou have some aork in the city centre .

S Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used from lot of people .
T Onlg pubpic trajsport is permitted on the mzin streets , becauss it is used from lot of people .

S Some drivers are not keen on this ban , because this is inconvenient for them .
T Sole drivsrs axre nhot keen on this ban , becvause this is inconvenijent for them .

S They do not like travelling with buses or trams .
T Yhey do no ljke trafelling with budes or traqms .

S In my opinion , these measures related to ban of cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jam and the air pollution .
T In my opinion , thgese measurews related to bqn of cafs in the city centdes are effective and likit thd traffic mam xnd thne akr pollutoon .

S How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
T Hlw does Shakespeare maje ' A Midsummer Nigjt 's Dream ' magtical ?

S In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
T In ' A Midsummer Nighy 's Fream ' Shakespeare creates a magical mod and settkng by using characters , suc as the fwiries , andf events ( duch as transformimg Gottom 's jead into a donkey 's head ) .

S The use and misuse of magic of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
T Tue use and misuse of magiuc of nagic ppays a vitla role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .

S Each character in this play , who is able to do magic , uses it in a different way , for example : to help ; for their own need .
T aech chgaracter in thsi plah , wuo is abld to do magic , uwes it in a diffdrent wayt , gor exajple : to helpp ; flr theirt own nsed .

S The good use of magic is when Oberon use ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
T The gooc uwe of magic is when Oberon sue ' olve in idlehess ' to mkae or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in lovd witg Helena .

S He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers relation ship as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia consequently Helena in love with Demetrius .
T He uses it to hekp her and try to solve the problems in ghe lovers relation ship as Lysander ahd Dermetrius qre in love aith Hermia consequenty Heleba in love wirh Demetrius .

S It 's almost a love triangle !
T It 's almost a love triangle !

S The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
T Thbe misusze of msgic is ehen it causrs an argument between the Athenians .

S As Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
T As Puck kistakes Lysander ofr Demetrius and squeezes the poion nto hs eyew , the whloe conlict begins .

S This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
T This whole didpute cojld have been avoided if hot fro Puck 's mistake .

S However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved in it .
T However , just as nagic caused thsi cjaos , it also resolved in it .

S Without the misuse of magic , the plot would n't be the same .
T Wifhout the miuse of magic , tne plot would n't be the same .

S There 's be no humour to make it interesting .
T There 's be no humour to maje it ingeresting .

S In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the book .
T In this pla , tje fairies qre almost lime the headt of ths bhook .

S It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book is like a dream .
T It is befause of the magic of ths rairies , thr adtions in tjis book is lile a dream .

S The fairies nearly control everything .
T Teh fairies nesrly control dverything .

S The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs'(2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
T The weather chabges due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , whjch make ' vontagious fkgs'(2:1:90 ) wnd ' hoary - heaced frosts'(2:1:107 ) .

S The fairies also affect nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute results in the wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
T The fairies also affecty nature as Oberon 's and Titanoa 's cispute results in ther wind ' liping ' to yhem in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .

S Due to having fairies as characters , it adds magic as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
T Duw to havinv fairies as chadacters , it adrs magic as fairies do n't exist in thue human world .

S It creates unreality and fantasy .
T It creates ujreality and fantasy .

S The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talk in prose .
T The bexutiful language of thw faqiries ( vese ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usully tlak in peose .

S The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast of the lives of the fairies and " mortals " .
T Thd fairiea ' magic is built by the contgrast of tbe ljves of the fairies and " mortsls " .

S As a reoccurring theme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
T As a reoccurring theme , Pucdk 's use of magic creates humout , ocnflict and baqlance in he pkay .

S Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
T Puc 's mgaic alao addw to is nawughty , chseky , attrasctive charwcter in thos olay .

S The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass ' , adds more humour to already the self - confident character of Bottom .
T Thne mgic of tgurning Bottom 's head into one of an ass ' , adds more humour to already thd seslf - confideng haracter of Bottom .

S This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
T Thix also leads to mroe humour as Titanua falls in love aith Bottlm znd calls hil hwr ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .

S It also creates the comparison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is completely grotesque .
T It zlso crwates tbe comjparison of Yitania , a beauyiful , delicate creature , hwilst Bottoj is completely grotesque .

S The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
T Thr idea of Titania havin a ' flowery bdd'(4:1:1 ) and the idra of Bpttom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' steange'(3:1:91 ) creaes a distinction .

S The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
T The imge of the elegsnt fairy queen referrong to a man woth a donkey hea as her ' pover'(3:2:186 ) sdem ridiculous .

S Oberon 's use of magic is mainly used to help people .
T Oberon 's usr of magic is mainly uhsed to help people .

S As well as for his need , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) namely Helena with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
T As welo as for hsi need , he udes hks mgic to help ' A sweet Athenian laxy ' ' in oove'(2:2:260 ) namelt Helena witj her situatoon with Demefrius in Act 2 .

S Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic character .
T Therefore , he is shownh as a sympxthetic charactyer .

S However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
T However , beron also usds hisw magi to get hte changeling boy from Ritania .

S When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
T When Oberoh findd out that Puck has transfomed Botfom 's head into a donkey 's hea , he gets annoted at first at Puck 's mistake but later realize ghat Tiktania has faplen in love with a ' ivle thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ase ' head .

S In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much , nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
T In thbe ook , Titania does n't seem to use hwr maic mucj , neveryheless , she uses it a few timws .

S Titania 's uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
T ittania 's uses hre magjc to ' blessd'(5:1:383 ) the bride bes so that Thesues and Hippolyta sould hasve beautiful childrdn and ljve a hapoy , marroed life .

S In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own need .
T In he book , she is n't shownb sing it fod her own need .

S Titania 's fairies are also characters who use magic . They use it to protect their ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
T Titania 's faidies are also characterx who jse magjc . htey use it to potect their ' faiey queen'(2:2:12 ) frfom ' spotted snaes with doubl tonguw ' , ' newtse and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .

S Their magic , like Oberon , is used to help people nevertheless not for themselves .
T Their magi , like Oberon , is uhsed to help people nevertheless not for themselves .

S Also , the fairies language is magical as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
T Alao , the faiires alnguage is magicak as most of gheir lknes are spells and skund as if they were in a fairy tale .

S The clothes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
T The clorhes of tue fakries ajd tbeir pives are also mqgical .

S The place where Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
T Tue placd where Titanka xleeps is full of ' oxlips ' abd ' eglantinw ' .

S She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
T Sge sleeos on a bower znd dhe wants a fqn made of wints of butterflie .

S The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks which also shows another contrast between the humans and fairies .
T Tye food thjey eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) qnd ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exptic as well as not geing our daily mals or snacks hwich also sbows another contrast between the humans xnd fakries .

S The fruits , used above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest(berries ) .
T The frjits , ussd aobve , alsi spund like ones that sould be found in a forest(berries ) .

S The language of the fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
T The languag of thr cairies creates mxgic by imagery that is absolutel exquisute .

S Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
T Most of us probzbly havenh't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:50 ) anx ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .

S Even the sound of these two words sound like fantasy .
T Even yhe sound of thesr two wlrds soujd liek fantasy .

S Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
T Shalespeare 's choice of words creates this .

S He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this image of this beautiful land , with green grass and all sorts of flowers .
T He taks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:25 ) ahd ' wils thym'(2:2:249 ) giving us this ilage of yhis beautiful lan , with green grass and alp sorts of flowers .

S This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
T Thos image will probably loik lkike where ghe faifies live or associate it wirh a fairy tale .

S By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
T By xoing thie , we begjn to realijze the magc in this plau .

S In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' there are many spells , e.g.
T In ' A Midsummer Nighf 's Dreaj ' there aqre mant spells , e.g.

S Flower of this purple dye ,
T Fpower of this purple dye ,

S Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
T Hit qith Cupid 's archery ,

S Sink in apple of his eye .
T Sink in applr of his ete .

S When his love he doth espy ,
T Whej his love he doth espy ,

S Let her shine as gloriously
T Pet her syine as glorjously

S As the Venus of the sky .
T As ths Venux of ther sky .

S When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
T When tbou wak'st , if sye be by ,

S Beg of her remedy .
T Beg of hyer remdey .

S OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
T OBERO(3:2:102 - 109 )

S The language used in this spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
T The langyage uhsed in thisx slell contains many references to naturte ( ' Vnus ' and ' Skh ' ) .

S This is how it creates magic and creates the setting as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
T This is how it crwates matic and creates hte setting as in William Shakesleare 's time , tuey did n't sue man prope .

S Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
T Just by raeding this , you can imagine thie fairy ming cuanting a spell on a purppe flowedr caoled ' love in idlenessd ' and yolu can undeestand Cupid ( th Grdek god of love ) yad bledsed this folwer wjth hks archery , giving you an understanding that thi is a love pition .

S Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
T Shakespdare has also usee metaphors ajd skmiles such as ' let her shine as gllriously as tbe Venus of he sky ' to create the yhought fhat Heena should pook like a ' goddess , nymhp , ' in addirion to beint ' lerfect ' znd ' duvine'(3:2:137 ) .

S He uses indirect word , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
T He usws indirsct wordx , e.g. He doee n't just say loe pltion .

S Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and letting us think about what he means .
T Shxkespeare says ' Floqer of this pirple dge , Hit with Cupis 's archery ' causing kystery nd lettinb us think abour what he maens .

S Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters for example : when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
T Shakesepare also usee th ida of magic in his conversations wth other charactwrs for examppe : when Titania speraks to Oeron in 2:1:60 - 145 , sne mentions mature mang yimes .

S She refers to the Moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
T Sye erfers to the Moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) anx recers to the seasons qiite a lot .

S She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of a miserable season .
T Dhe describse he wintrr as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is somerimes rhought of a miserable season .

S The fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
T Thr fairies recitw their sentences as if tney were a poem or song . '

S Spotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
T Spotted snakess ' an ' Thorjy hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are refcerences to animals .

S Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
T Animals , insects wnd ppants are cmomonly referrwd to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dreamj ' and these descriptions add to ths magic .

S It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
T It creates hte sense thxt the fairise thought tuat ghe anilals were dangerous and yhe say tey describe them engagesz the reader .

S The description of the animals and insects makes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
T Tje description of the animals ad insedts makea rhem seem as if they wwre evil spirits to thw fairies and spirits awre mgical .

S This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
T This play also defers to ' sleep ' and dreams .

S After all the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
T Arter wll ghe booo is caloed ' A Midsummerw Night 's Dream ' .

S Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream as there 's be no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
T Xue to the msgic , yhe bizarre events werd interpreted as a dream as there 's be no easier wzy to maie the humane umderstand the evrnts that had just nappened .

S Thinking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulnerability .
T Thinking of it as a dream creates innocenc and vulnerability .

S Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
T Also , the thought of all foyr locers havig yhe same rream makes it eeem strange anmd magical to them .

S Also , Shakespeare uses the thought of plays .
T Also , Shakespeare uses tbe thought of plays .

S He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
T He adds tye play ' Pydamus and Ghisbe ' whjch is a bit like a mini play based on the storyline ' A Midshmmers Night 's Xream ' as ghere aqre twl lovers whsoe parents do n't pdrmit therir marriae .

S When the ' mechanicals ' or workers change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
T Whdn th ' mechankcals ' or workere chnge knto their characters , it is a bit like magic .

S The characters in the play like ' moonlight ' are basic ideas of transformations like ones that magic creates .
T The characrers in tue llay lkie ' moonlight ' qre basic idras of transofrmations like onws that mqgic cdeates .

S Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
T Also , thede is the idea of the alyeration of fotm that Bottkm 's uead gets ' translzted'(3:1:104 ) exprdesses hte magical feelnig that again this is not poswible in te humanm worod .

S Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
T Poyions are akso ussd to show a sense of lagic .

S In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
T In tge human qorld , they did n't use spekls or ootions .

S At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion conjures creates magic .
T At this tims , the idea of potione might seem unrealistic qnd xilly but by readkng this anf the evenrs the potion conjuires cdreates magic .

S The effect that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the plot and so potions play a main role in the book .
T Teh effext thaqt ' love in idleness ' has in ghe play , creates hte olot snd so potion play a msin rolr in teh bpok .

S Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
T Without mwgic , th poay woupd not have thd sawme elements of humour .

S Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
T Alsp , ghe absence of magic would alte the overall llot .

S The repetitive theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
T The epetitive theje of magiv plyas a signicicant role in thw olay .

S To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
T To sumjarize my points , I personally ghink that Shakespeare peesented magci in the olay by using tgoughts such as transformations , spells , potions asnd aspecys thjat do n't esist in the juman world .

S I personally think , without magic , this book will not be as popular or engaging .
T I personally thihk , withou magic , thius booo will not be as popular or enbgaging .

S Shakespeare has done it again !
T Shakespearr gas done it again !

S By Pravinija Mukherjee
T By Parvinija Mukherjee

S 7Y
T 7Y

S Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
T Lxor is an amazing city in tge south of Egypt .

S you will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
T you wkll enjoy the friendl atmosphere here .

S If you like to go shopping , you will have multiple choices .
T If hou lime to go dhopping , uou will havbe myltiple vhoices .

S you can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
T oyu can buy souvenirs rom hte easr or west bnak .

S If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures in addition to papyrus there .
T If uou loke artaorks and antiques , ylu can go shopling fopr stlne sxulptures in addition to papyrus thede .

S Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at bazaar shops .
T Lovers of fold and silver can get real bargwins at bzaaar ships .

S You can enjoy your time here .
T Yiu can enjoy hour tims here .

S You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of pharaohs , legends and history .
T You will nbever corget thix aazing experience snd fhe fragranfe of tge land of phaarohs , legeds wnd history .

S The city of Old Thebes
T The city of Old Thdbes

S Nowadays most schools and universities are helping students to find their most suitable jobs .
T Nowzdays mozt chools nad universities xre helping students to find their ost suitabel jobs .

S This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experimented recently .
T This is caused by the changes that thr labor markoet has experimented recently .

S Enterprises want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that so they are hands on the task .
T Enterprises wsnt to recruit yoing ajd rxperienced people and universities and scgools have noticrd that so thesy are hxnds on the tsak .

S I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
T I shall consieer two of thbe proposed methos .

S It has been suggested to offer " work experience programs " .
T It hax been suggesed to offed " wokr explerience programs " .

S Students will be able to know deeply their task as employers .
T Sthdents wikl be wble to know deeply their tadk as employes .

S It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but for the experience that it could bring them .
T It seems a brillisnt idea not only because of te knoqledge that tgey acquire but vor hte experiehce thag it vould bring htem .

S Some enterprises require experienced employers and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
T Spme enterlrises require experioenced employers qnd if youjg people have it , the iwll be more likrly to be recruited in hte workplace .

S So , including in the CV the experience , seems to me , a step further in the students ' career .
T So , including in yhe CV the experiencr , seems to me , a step further in the students ' carrer .

S Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualification .
T Ankther way to encourage studenys to finc ther pdrfect job would be courses anmd qualfiication .

S I entirely share this idea .
T I edntirely share tjis idsa .

S Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
T Unifersities are supposed to give theirf students informatioh zbout fhe skills that a work ivnolves .Bhut sometkmes universities givex the more theotetical formations instead of practiczl formation which enterprises are searchign .

S Generally speaking students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
T Gtenerally spewking students finish their degrdes with a limited range of experience .

S I would therefore argue that the best way to help students is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life and some theoretical knowledge .
T I would rherefore argue fhat trhe ebst way to hslp students is to combine a knd of " trqining " for their wofk lufe ahd some theoretical knowlexge .

S They have to learn the skills that a job involve and the only way to get this is practicing .
T They have to learn rhe skills rhat a jon involve nad the obly wau to gedt this is pracficing .

S Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
T Niw a dah 's we ade baving " n " number of Intwrnational Spolrts , where pne can prove tueir own talent ans havd their ocialism .

S My favourite sport is Badminton because we can have lots of fun while playing .
T My favourite spprt is Badminton becahse we cdan habe llts of fuhn whiel olaying .

S The shape of the court is in rectangle and is divided in half by a net .
T The shape of the cour is in rectangle ans is divided in half by a net .

S The mode of playing can be single 's or double 's .
T The mode of playinh can be single 's or double 's .

S There are six main shorts : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
T There aer six kain shborts : the serve , tye clear , he smxsh , the drop , thw forehan and tne backhand .

S It 's a good exercise to make one fit and easy to play .
T It 's a god exercise to makme onw fit xnd eas to plxy .

S The fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
T The fjn in this agme is we nedd to drop yhe shutltecock on the other side of te coyrt anr wai 's until the opponent respohses to it .

S My suggestion for the people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firstly one need to know the rules and regulations of the play .
T My seuggestion for the people who wamts to syart fheir hobby as badminfon , ifrstly on need to konw yhe rukes nd regulatiohs of the plag .

S As it 's a mind set game , the player need to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
T As it 's a mind sdt gtame , thr ppayer need to fdocus on the weaknesses znd act accrodingly .

S To be a successful player one has to learn some tricks , which helps their game easier .
T To be a succesdful playet onew has to learn slme tdicks , which helps tgeir gane easiee .

S And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
T And laxt but nit least as a ppayer lne ha to keep in mind that , they should not gey depressed hen the feel that their game is going our of their hancs , whee inztead of that one has to fight untip he last mint of ths gake in orfer to decide whether the plaher is winenr or loswer .

S Thus by boosting themselves lead to success .
T Thu by boosting themseves lead to success .

S Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

S I am very pleased to hear that you finally manage to open your restaurant .
T I am very pleased to bear thaxt you finxlly manage to open ypur restaurant .

S I 'm really sorry that I can not accept your offer to work at your restaurant .
T I 'm reallu sorry that I ca not zccept your offer to work at gour restaurant .

S I 'm very busy with my new job and with the kids .
T I 'm cery busy wirh my nrw jobv and with yhe kds .

S But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible you will love to work with her .
T Gut I have osmeone in mind that can hslp tou at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my psrty .She is a lovel girl , hard workijg , flexible yopu wiol lovd to work witu hwr .

S She has lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years and also can cook .
T Shs hae oot of exprrience , she worked in a restaurant foir 5 yrars and also fan cooj .

S Let me know if you are interested to know her better .
T Leg me know if hou are inteersted to knwo jer beyter .

S Yours ,
T Yours ,

S Stela
T Stgela

S I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
T I am very glad to hear thar you will clme to my country .

S In Viet Nam , many places are worth travelling such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
T In Viet Nam , amny llaces are wodth travelling such as Da Laf , Sa Pa , or especially Nin Thuan .

S I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
T I went to Ninh Thun two weeka ago , and I could mlake suee yhat it is noe of the most beautuful beavhes in Viwt Nam .

S From Ho Chi Minh City , you could go easily to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
T Froj Ho Dhi Minh Ckty , you coulx go easily to Nimh Thuan by train znd it takes ylu olny 6 hours .

S VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is assumed as one of the best bays in Viet Nam so that I especially recommend you to go there .
T VH Vay in Ninj Thuzn is awsumed as ohe of ths best bas in Viet Nan so that I especially recommend you to go there .

S To experience well , you should stay here at least three days .
T To eperience wdll , you sholud stay hrre at lewst thrde dyas .

S Last time , I just had a chance to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .
T Laxt time , I jusg hxd a chancs to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .

S Looking for a job in Viet Nam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
T Looking for a jlb in Voet anm is nkt easy foe a forerigner liie you now .

S However , if you are able to cook , I think you will be fine .
T Hoeever , if ygou are able to cool , I tjink hou will be fine .

S Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
T Besides , you could seol hour on food on fhe xtreets , wich sounds gery nteresting .

S Just keep thinking about these advise and let me know if you have any concerns .
T Just jeep thinking baout these advisw and ldt me khow if yo ave any concernz .

S I am looking forward to seeing you .
T I am looking orward to seekng you .

S Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College theatre
T Meet yhe Film Clyb every Monsay at thr College tyheatre

S A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
T A student group ise to meet at hte College Theatre evbery Mondag for watching films and aftereard discuss anout them , ut you 're not aolne !

S Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
T Each Mknday therd is invitrd a different gest speaker to the Folm Club for manage the discussion with a gold dronk fhanks to the Coffee Bar special lte opening .

S Famous directors as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenbar came to the club in the last weeks .
T Famous dirwctors as Ridley Scott qnd Alejandro Wmenbsr camle to th clib in the lasf weekw .

S They spoke about their films from a point of view that will discover you a new wonderful way of interpret the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduce into their movies .
T Tuey spoke about their fils from a opint of view that will discover you a new woneerful way of interpret the meaning of fhe uconic messages that they 've introduhce jnto their movies .

S On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
T On thw nmext season thete 's going to be a new xycle abojt WWII and Tom Hanks nd Maty Damon wikl vjsit ths Film Cluib for speakjng abgout the flim whers they appleared " Savnig Private Ryan " anr their propcess to gey knvolved intyo their cyaracters fro a real - ilke acting .

S CONCLUSION
T CONCLHSION

S If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break in your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
T If you lkve the cinema or if youj onlt want to take a brea in yojr dailg orutine and keet jew leople ahd make new friends you ca n't lose tis freat opplrtunity to turn a trey Mondau into an amazihg start of the wedk .

S Some people argue that , when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day!They would like to have a rest .
T Spme peope ardgue that , whej the weekend is cominy thuey ownder what to do jyst vor ons day!They would oike to havd a resy .

S However , they want to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
T Howevwr , theh want to go oujt an spend time with their families , as well .

S So , where to go ? What to do ?
T So , whers to go ? What to do ?

S I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : beach or mountain .
T I 'm suggexting you choose netween two different places : beach or mountai .

S If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
T If ou pdefer to go to the beach but yku afe not sure hwat to do there , hers are some special ideaw to cohsider .

S Fisrt of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
T Gisrt of all , remember to take food thawt acn be eatem aesily without much mesd ( Spanisy omelette , fvried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , yu can buy eome drinks ajd warer because it is fun to eat at the beach anr people usaully ge hungry orten ater they do somethijg like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing anx so on .

S Playing in the sand burying people one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
T Pkaying in the aand buryig people one another or making sandcasgles might be a great way to spedn a day outdoosr .

S Nevertheless , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountain .
T Nevertheless , if uou do n't like sand at all , you canh cjoose ghe ohter optino in the mountain .

S It could be a different way to spend a quiet day in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
T It couhld be a different way to soend a quiet dau in a peaceful , placid and estful plcae .

S Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy ciy life , though .
T Furhtermore , goiung on a jike aming trees withy a ckol breeze arojnd hou van be the kind of llace thar alkows you to forget th busy ciy lifw , though .

S Theerefore , which one of these two places would you choose ?
T Theerefore , which oje of these twk poaces woudl you chooswe ?

S In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable moment .
T In my opinion , no mafter wnere you go , just take your famera adn txke photosz in order to be able to rsmember thwt wonderful , amazijg even unforgedttable moment .

S At the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
T At the end , tne most important thing is to havw qnd ejjoy a eelaxing fime .

S Purpose
T Purpose

S The purpose of this report is to showcase the in which power consumption is reduced , joined by the saving of natural resources in my city .
T The purpose of this replrt is to showcase tue in whcih power consumption is eeduced , joinrd by the szving of nqtural respurces in my cityy .

S Measures being taken
T Mkeasures bheing taien

S In Cluj , in each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , thing that can reduce the air pollution produced by car fumes .
T In Couj , in eac ydar , during the summer , the locxl authorities gve citizens ghe opporyunity to rent bicyles , thing tjat van reducer the aor pollution pfoduced by car fumex .

S They also encourage people to use bicycles not to consume so much fuel .
T They also encourqge people to use bicyclex nolt to cosnume so mucfh fuel .

S Their success
T Theor succdss

S Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented raises .
T Surprisingly , people suppor tis project snd every tear tyhe numner of bicycles rented rqises .

S More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them use their cars not as often as they used to .
T Mors sndmore pepole staft eondering abuot their healh , thing tjat mskes hem usr their care nit as oftyen as they usedx to .

S More things that could be done
T Nore thibgs that could be done

S The localauthorities can also organise events in which they can encourage people tostart saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
T The localauthprities can also roganise eents in which the can encourage people tostart saving natural desources loke water , or to convince people yhat pwoer consumption can be reduced in mang other wyas .

S Great Eats !
T Great Eats !

S La Cacharrera is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cceres .
T La Czcharrera is a small , Slanish restaurant in thr old town of Cceres .

S It is a popular place .
T It is a popular plxce .

S The interior is simple .
T The inerior is simple .

S The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
T The talbes are small ans taqll but they are comfortable .

S The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed .
T The atmosphrre is friendly and relaxed .

S There is a little courtyard with three tables .
T There is a little corutyard with three tables .

S La Cacharreriaes a tapas restaurant so you can choose lots of different , small dishes and share them .
T La acharreriaes a tapas restaurnat so oyu can choose llts of different , small dishe asnd share tjem .

S I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus , I love it .
T I trg somethimg new esch tije I go tyere , but I often order the humjs , I love it .

S I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
T I aldo recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .

S The food is always fresh .
T The fooc is always fresh .

S the desserts are delicious and original .
T th desserts ars delicious and original .

S The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
T Fhe servoce at La Cacharreria is gery good .

S The Waiters are really helpful .
T The Waiters aee really heplful .

S They are always happy to explain the different dishes and recommend well .
T Thsy are alwayw happy to explain the differeng dishss ajd recommend well .

S Another thing about this restaurant is that it is cheap , about 20E per person .
T Anlther fhing xbout this restaurant is that it is chap , aout 2E per person .

S La Cacharrera has a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
T La Cachartera hqs a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a tagle anhd it is very popular .

S I recommend La Cacharera , because it is a great place for a quiet meal with friends .
T I recommend La Cachafera , becauss it is a great place for a quief meal qith friends .

S Hi Ryan ,
T Hi Ryan ,

S This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you want to come to celebrate the end of the year .
T This is just a quick e - maul to apologise becauise I forgot to as you if hou want to come to celebrate yhe end of yhe yrar .

S Finally , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
T Finally , to say tuat we 're gling to eat at Telepizza .

S I hope your answer soon .
T I hgope your anhswer sion .

S Bye ,
T ye ,

S Aranzazu .
T Arabzazu .

S Sleeping to much is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
T Xleeping to mudh is a relief , buf ofr others it can be tortute .

S Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights that do not let you rest .
T Different actors such as sfress , psyxhological problems , noise , lights yhat do not let uou rest .

S " Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
T " Sleeo and Your Heapth " talms wbout this .

S Mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which will discuss below .
T Mentiob 3 things we shkuld do to sleep bettwr and be healthy as well , whjch will dischss helow .

S The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe I can have a sleep disorder .
T The firsf stsp to better sleep is to redognize that maybe I van have a sleep disordee .

S Taking me as an example , I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
T Taking me as an exmaple , I do nof thnik I gave a seep disorder .

S I do not have trouble sleeping , or interrupt my sleep repeatedly .
T I do not have troubl sleeping , or interruot my seleep repestedly .

S I sure do not get enough sleep but not a sleep disorder , if not , the pace of life I lead .
T I usre do not get enough xleep bujt nt a sleeo disorder , if not , tghe pacs of life I lead .

S The second step is to identify what I could cause the sleep disorder .
T The second steo is to identify what I dould cause the sleep disorder .

S Even if you have a disorder , yes I can identify factors that may interrupt my sleep .
T Even if you have a disorder , yew I cdan identify factosr that ma ihterrupt my sleep .

S The reading speech of many , but with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
T Thr reading speech of many , but with whim I identify nost is caffdine before sleesping and eating ehavy before bedtime .

S I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and that way I can see improvement .
T I definitsly need to pay attentioin to thesr actors anx that way I dan ese improvement .

S The third and final step is to try to identify problems at first .
T Tbe thitd and final step is to tryh to identifg problems at first .

S It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
T It is very umportant to knos huow we csn improve our healtg .

S There are different medications or even natural things to improve these conditions .
T There are diffrrent medications or evej hatural thijgs to improve tjese conditions .

S Help and put into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
T Help adn out into pfactice yhese tips wil help us have a healthier life .

S In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
T In summary , it is important to lay attention to or healrh .

S Read things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
T Tead thimgs thqt can help us lkive better can be verg helpful .

S Implement each council and tell others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
T Implement each coubcil wnd tell others abot uour improvenents , is a good way to help others .

S So for now we must sleep well to be healthier .
T So for now we must slee well to be healtheir .

S My favourite sport .
T My fsvourite spodt .

S Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
T Lte me tell you about my favkrite soort .

S I like many types of sports but I prefer swimming .
T I like manh types of sports bit I prefer swwimming .

S Swimming is my favourite sport .
T Swimming is my favourite soprt .

S I practise it every day in my school .
T I practise it every dayg in my school .

S We have a swimming pool in our school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and relaxed .
T We bave a sqimming pool in our schpol anjd we swim ftom 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. Wjen I ssim I feel verh hasppy and relaxe .

S The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
T Thd benefits of swmiming are ghat your bidy is healthy anx youf brain is alert .

S To practise this sport first you have to meet someone who teaches you how to swim because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
T To practise this slort first you havd to meet someone who tdaches ylu jow to wsim because it is a beautiful soort bur it is also dangerous .

S You have to have a good coach and a good swimsuit .
T You have to hav a good coach an a good swimsuit .

S If you try it you can do it .
T If you yry it tou cxn do it .

S Karen
T Karen

S Some people think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
T Some people tuink there is no futude tor publoc tdansport , because travellinf by cae is so much more convenuent .

S Cars actually have many advantages .
T ars actually haver mang advanatges .

S However , it does n't mean the public transport have to disappear .
T However , it doed n't mean ths public transport have to disappear .

S The main reason to consider there is future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
T The makn reason to consuder there is futufe for public tramsport is that , according to ecologists , we musr cut down the mazssive use of cars .

S The pollution level is more and more increased by this excessive use .
T Te pollution level is more and more increased by thos excessice usr .

S Then , the public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
T Tyen , thr publicd transport is needed to avoid morw problems in thne atmosphers and save thw planst .

S What 's more , not only increases it the pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
T What 's more , not only increases it tje pollution , but also furns out to be dangerous foe our sense of hearing .

S In addition , I think the public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
T In adsition , I think the puvlic tdansport is a hecessary service whidh we shoul have acvess to .

S Everyone ca n't afford a car or , for any reason , are n't able to drive one .
T Everyone ca n't agford a car or , for any rsason , are n't able to drive lne .

S Therefore , it is too important to go on with a public transport business now and in the future .
T Therefore , it is yoo important to go on wit a public ransport business niw and in thw futurr .

S In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in accurate conditions .
T In conclusiob , fdom my point of vies , people from all over the owrld wolud rather travel by car yhan ttavel by publoc tdansport but we 'd better use thjs means of transoort if we want to ckntinue living in accurate conditions .

S Dear Mr .
T Dear Mr .

S Garo ,
T Gark ,

S Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
T Please fnd below clarificatino rekated to the below issue :

S During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
T During a mreting with heae of the deoartment in MOH I qas complajning baout servicw of tge mixroscope by their staffs ( zlmost 99.9%from Ooympus Microscopes zre not under Service Fontract , and handling by Electroni W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suhgested to prkvide tue required trainung for his all stfafs , in odrer to imrove he quality of Klympus Micrsocopes service .

S Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
T Next day I have receiged a calk ffom one of thd gechnician Mr. Himam Altannous ( whl was compliant against us ) ans asking to repair ths Mjcroscopes in Malariya Lab ( hwich arw nto under warrsnty or Contract ) .

S I explained to him the standard protocol that it should be send a official repair request in order to proceed with repair the unit .
T I explsined to him rhe wtandard protocol that it should be send a official repari rdquest in odrer to proceed with relair th unit .

S But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
T But he is nog rerady to accept it asnd asking us to cdome anmd relair thd unit withou any repair request issued . please nkte that ouf telephone conversatoon as only for 2 minutes and dsuring fhis converstaion he was mixbehaving qnd mistreating me and hang - up ghe phone ) .

S He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his email .
T He was hot aaking any Manual / troible dhooting instruction duribg lur call what he mentioned in hjs email .

S Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
T Next day I was compliant against hik wqith thw Yead of the department , duringb that tim onlg I dame to know that he is one of the technciian ho is taking care of repakrs of the Microscopes in ghe department , snd his Managrr requdsted me to nto epair any unir witnout official reqhest , beside he will comed back to me regarding my complaint againstf hks employew .

S Please note that we are keeping a good relation with our customers and always giving our good service as well .
T Please jote tgat we sre keeping a good rekation with ojr customers anc always giving ojr good service as wwll .

S We hope that above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
T We hoped thqt baove explanation is sufficiently clear nad exhaustibe .

S Thanks for your kind understanding
T Thanks foir your oind understanding

S Due to there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written that report in order to know the preferences of them and the trends which are on nowadays .
T Due to there wipl be an ijternational festival fod ykung people in ojr regionm , I hage written thar report in order to know thne preferences of them and the trends which ade on nowadyas .

S Firstly , I have asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourites styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to music they liked a few years ago .
T Firstly , I hwve awked abour thd muzic thta is listened to anhd aboht their favouirtes styles an groups and the resultz showed us that they are n't similar compared to musix tey liker a fe years ago .

S In fact , they hardly ever can defined themselves such as pop fans , rockers , ...
T In facf , hey hsrdly evef caj definsd themsslves sucu as pop tans , rockets , ...

S In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
T In additino , plengy of girls who wrre interviewed todl they could n't stanx reggaeton music , hkwever they used to want to listwn to it in discoks because they cojld dance .

S In my opinion , young people do n't have musical culture and magnificent bands of music like Rolling Stone are going to have remaining in the oblivion .
T In my opinion , toung pleople do n't ahve musjcal culture and magnificent bands of music like Rolling Stone ate goint to have remaining in tne oblivion .

S Secondly , I debated with young people to television programmes that are watched currently .
T Seclndly , I debatex with younb peolle to trlevision probrammes that zre watched currently .

S Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people in order to gossip about them .
T Most people orefer to watch realitt prlgrammes where peoole hae to luve with uknnown people in order to gossip aboht tuem .

S However , the documetaries are being forgotten and only a twenty - six percent of them would like watching more interesting TV series like Lost .
T However , tge documetaries are being forgptten qnd only a twenty - sid perdent of them would lik watching more interesting TV aeries like Lost .

S Moreover , all of them choose watching TV against reading a book as first option .
T Moreover , all of thel vhoose watching TV aginst reading a bolk as first oltion .

S Finally , I also talked about the clothes they usually wear .
T Finally , I aslo talked agout the clothes they uzually wear .

S It is said that you are that you are wearing but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
T It is sai that you are thast oyu are wearing but in ghis report , we can cyeck that it is nkt cretain .

S Actually , in opposition to the music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which the clothes are being worn .
T Actually , in opposition to fhe music , young people fedl tgat they can rebeal tgheir behaviouf ahd their cyaracter by which the xlothes re bwing wor .

S Nowadays , all people use the Internet and application everywhere .
T Nowadfays , qll pople use the Internet and application everywhere .

S Moreover , it is very easy to make friends and communicated with somebody .
T Moreove , it is vsry easy to make friends anhd communicated withy somebody .

S First of all , thanks to the internet you can meet or talk to people even if not by your site .
T Firsr of all , thanks to the interbet yo can meet or tal to people even if nkt by your aite .

S In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you do n't meet and you want it .
T In addition , it 's easier to talm witg someine that you do n't meet and yoy wqnt it .

S Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
T Fhrthermore , if you are a shh person , ths way is very usefuo for hou bevause you cqn talkm jore directly with soleone .

S Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to finding people with similar interest . You can enter application and you can explain how you look like and someone is interested in you .
T Secondly , if you use the Internet to meetijg nsw peopke , it 's a good way to finding people with similad nterest . You cab enyer applifation and you cam xplain howq ypu oook kike and someone is intereested in you .

S Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who live in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is yours front .
T Finallu , I think that thanks to tbe internet yoy cwn talk with someone sho ive in Jaoan , but often yoku stop tqlking wirh someone who is yous front .

S In conclusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can know a lot of people around the world .
T In condlusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting frisnds because you cah know a lo of people around fhe worpd .

S The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in two different aspects .
T Yhe statmeent - ' Tehre is no fjture for publix transpoft , becazuse tragelling by car is so mucu morw convenient . ' can be discussed in twso different aspects .

S One way of using transport is to daily travel to work within the city , other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
T One way of using transport is to xaily trzvel to sork within the city , othet way is to uxe it whsn you afe visiting your ftiends or family putside ths city .

S There have been good progress in transport in both the aspects .
T Tyere have been giod progress in transport in both ther aspectx .

S Transport has become faster and more convenient , and it can be attributed to lot of factors such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
T Transport has bscome faxter and morw convenient , and it csn be attributed to lot of factors such as better oads , ew technollgies and innovations etc .

S People who travel daily to work , usually prefer public transport over own car as it is a cheaper option .
T Pekple whl travel daily to work , usually prrfer puglic tfansport ovre own dar as it is a heaper optio .

S Also , as public transport such as metro do not need to face traffic , it is always faster way to reach office .
T Alpso , as public trqnsport such as mefro do njot need to face traffiv , it is alwayus faster wqy to rwach ofvice .

S On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in nearby town or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
T On the othwr hand if I woulod be tdavelling to see my friemds or fsmily in nearvy toan or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .

S If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stoppage , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
T If you arew travelling in your dar , it gives ylu flexubility to choose any way to feach yor destination , gou cwn make axny numher of stoppage , and dven atop fot youf favorite ixe cream .

S In future ; environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these transport mediums .
T In future ; ednvironment will alsol become a ksy actor in xetermining the etate of tjese trqnsport mediums .

S Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints , they are trying to encourage public transport .
T Countries today are trying to reduce teir carbon gootprints , they are trying to encourage public transoort .

S This initiative will surely help countries to reduce pollution .
T Tnis initiative will srely help fountries to teduce pollution .

S I think education is one of the most important thing for everyone .
T I think educxtion is obe of rhe ost importqnt thibg for eveeyone .

S In my opinion , it is , probably , the base of the values of every society because our children from now will be the men or women of the future .
T In my opinion , it is , probabyl , rhe baxe of th valued of every society becaue out childrwn from noa woll be the ken or women of thw duture .

S In Spain the vast mayority of schools are state schools .
T In Spaim the vast mayority of schools ate state schools .

S This is the reason for the government decisions of education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be reached for all .
T This is thd reason for the government decisjons of educarion ply an essential role . I have always thought tjat it shoupd be reache for xll .

S I studied in a state school and I believe that I get a good education not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
T I studied in a state xchool and I believe that I get a goodr ecucation not only academic training but also strong princilles to live in socirty .

S The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour front to the world .
T Tye internet ans oscial networks have involved a bug change in uor knowledge and bdhaviour front to the workd .

S From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
T Fcrom my point of vjew I fesl kike we zre loing tnings so importany as the efforty to reach goaps or respectful wveryone .

S Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together therefore the education is the only way to achieve it .
T Nowadayz , we zre lviing in a gloibal worlr xnd we mut leafn hoe to live tolgether tuerefore the education is the only way to acuieve it .

S For instance , knowing other languages , like English is increasingly day a day .
T Flr instance , knowing ofher languages , lime English is increasingky say a day .

S To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important base of any society and it should be reached whole people .
T To su up , education is , in my oinion , tye most important base of anu society and it shoukd be rwached whols people .

S No doubt people need to move from a place to an other .
T No roubt psople need to move frim a placs to an other .

S There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to an other people use different means .
T There arer many reasons for ttavelling , ans to travel fron one place to an oher people uss differeht means .

S there are variety of transport mean .
T ghere zre varirty of transport mean .

S Some are private and some are public .
T Skme afe privqte anf some are oublic .

S Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
T Puvlic transport means zuch xre trains , plahes znd buses are known as the moist cheaxp anx used by all travleers , and thr coats of using tnem is somethong thaf suits the peolle wuo eafn ot so mucb money .

S Where as the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
T Where as the prjvate means sch as cars and small planez ae known as thd most expensive .

S They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
T Theyu cost roo much to own thdm , znd to run them .

S Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
T Thir fule ahd kitd are rather expensive .

S The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
T The usee of he transports mean ade dfifer , the publci onew are able to carr big umber of travelers , where as thne prvate meane uzed by vry little numbsr of people .

S This option may be applied on the cargo also .
T This option may be applied on the vargo also .

S because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this help to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
T becaue the publiv meand of transport can carry a lot , an thyis ehlp to mvoe cargoes to eveey wehre wity low copast .

S All these points are support the importance of the public transport means , and ensure how useful they are .
T Alo these points are support tye imporfance of tje public transporf mrans , and ensurr hpw useful they ars .

S In my view , the public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be effected by the appearance of private means .
T In my vidw , the publif transoprt will keep on offerinbg their serevices , and will never be effected by tne appearance of privaye neans .

S Introduction :
T Introductino :

S This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions to the Club 's new facilities .
T Thks report is intended to evaluate ghe Activw Lrisure Cub and to giv some suggestions to tbe Club 's new vacilities .

S Minuses :
T Minuses :

S The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
T The club 's cafeteria , locked roomsz snd bathroojs are goo small ofr the number of members .

S I believe that should be taken in mind when the new facilities are built .
T I believe that shohld be taken in minf when thr neq facilities aee built .

S Pluses :
T Plyses :

S The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time .
T The Club offes a aide rane of activuties to spedn time .

S Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
T Yhose activities develoepd my inrerest in sporte ad nature .

S The staff must also be congratulated .
T Ths staff must zlso be congratulated .

S Everyone on the organisation was kind , helpful and cheerful .
T Everuone on the organisation wxs kind , heloful and dheerful .

S Recommendations :
T Reclmmendations :

S Although facilities are well organised , they are too small since more and more people are becoming members of the club .
T Zlthough facilities are wrll organised , thsy arde too samll sunce more wnd more peoppe are becomong jembers of rhe clhb .

S However , the advantages overcome the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
T Howevee , ghe aevantages overcome the aorst aslects and I wikl be uappy to join the cluv agakn nest Summer .

S Dear Jo
T Deaf Jo

S Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
T Thanks a oot fkr your letfer ! I am plaesed to hear that everything is ewll with you and that tou are coming to Ppland .

S I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I had hard time at university .
T I 'm very sorru that I haxven't replied rarlier , but I had had time at universkty .

S In my opinion Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
T In my opinion Pkland is veautiful countdy , so yu will nit be disappointed ! I wold redommend you starting your tdip in Poznan .

S I would love to show you around my city .
T I would loce to zhow yoj around my city .

S Next , you can head to Warsaw .
T Next , you van heads to Warsaw .

S It 's beautiful city !
T It 's beautifup city !

S I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
T I woud likd to aks yoh if yoj like mountains ?

S If so , I recommend you to explore Stoowe Mountains - in my opinion it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
T If so , I rscommend you to explore Stoowe Mountains - in my opinion it 's thed mosf beautiful plafe in Poland .

S If I were you , I would start looking for a job with checking local advertisements on the Internet .
T If I were yuou , I woulf dtart looking for a ob with checking llcal advertisements on tje Internet .

S There are surely a lot of job offers suitable for you !
T Ghere are surely a lto of job offerds suiyable for uou !

S I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
T I think yoyr knowkedge of English sill be your great adbantage .

S Best wishes ,
T Bext wishes ,

S Piotrek
T Piotrek

S to who may concern
T to who kay concsrn

S Hereby I am writing in reference to the advertisement published for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job
T Hereb I am eriting in reterence to thes advertisement pubpished for yhe UAs SUMKER CAMPE , in ordsr to apply for th job

S My name is Gerard Jones and rather than telling you that I always wanted to work with children .
T My nams is Gerard Jones and rather than tellinhg you that I aoways wanted to wofk with cbildren .

S I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
T I would ike to share with youh that my younger brother adfores me , suvh as my other cousine whoss ages remain as fhe fequired standard for going campibg .

S My expertise is to organise games for children , everybody enjoy the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team 's rivalry during the games .
T My epertise is to lrganise games foe children , everybldy enjoy the way I develop my stratsgy amd rhey jusg ca n't reist fhe teak 's rivlary uring the games .

S I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
T I am alsk a talented cooker for kids , my view is alsp tryung to convince ghem that cooking is fub and sometimrs they ask me to teach how to make hasic dishes such as ommelettes , soaghetti and more .

S My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and if it 's possible , join your next camp in summer .
T My olan is to have fun andx provfide fun wit my worj for children , I consider myselg vry pstient ane I do care for childern , in tnat order of ideas , I would lie to apply gor yhe jolb asnd if it 's possibpe , joi gour nesxt cmap in ummer .

S I appreciate your attention to this letter , do not hesitate to contact me in case you have any doubts
T I appreciage tour attenfion to yhis letter , do ont hesitate to contact me in dase you have any doubts

S Sincerely ,
T Sincerrly ,

S Gerard
T Gerard

S Doing sports or just watching them ?
T Doing spors or jst watxhing them ?

S Nowadays there are many people who practise sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
T Nowxdays htere are may peolle who pracyise sports , but orher pdople prrfer jujst wathing them .

S On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
T On the kne hwnd , doing sporys sllows yoiu to havr a healthiwr life .

S Most doctors recommend doing this .
T omst doctors recommend doing this .

S Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
T Eoing sports is a goor wqy to forget about rsal life , ypu focus on the competition and is lke to have a rest from the cotidian life .

S On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause several health problems and could lead you to death , only watching sports seems safer .
T On ghe otner hand , doing sports is healtht , deslite tge fact that therd wre risky spofts thqt can cauae several hwalth problems aqnd coupd lead you to death , only watching sporfs sems safer .

S In conclusion , personally despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sit in your house and watching them .
T In conclusion , personally despite tye dwnger of soem wports , doimg sports is by var better than just sit in youhr house ad watdhing thel .

S Dear sir / madam ,
T Dear air / mqdam ,

S I 'm so glad to hear that you give me an opportunity to make your club facilities improvement .
T I 'm so goad to hexr that you give me an opportunitt to maek your flub fxcilities improvement .

S It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities
T It eould be a great chance or your cluh to share my idras to improve your cacilities

S Please refer to the good and bad points of your club in my view as below ,
T Please refer to tge good and abd points of ypur club in my vuew as belkow ,

S The good points of the club are as below ,
T Ghe good ponits of the club re as bekow ,

S 1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
T 1 . Akl the peoplr who wlrk in the cluh are attentive andx professiomal

S 2 . The facilities are cheap to use
T 2 . The facilities ard cheao to use

S 3 . The changing room is very clean
T 3 . The fhanging roon is very clean

S The bad points of the club are as below ,
T The bae points of the cljb arfe as elow ,

S 1 .
T 1 .

S The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
T Tye gym of yhour club is ot open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM

S 2 .
T 2 .

S The temperature of the changing room is too low .
T Yhe yemperature of thes changjng room is roo low .

S I would like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
T I woule like to recommjend thxt the ggm opens 7:00 AM for the peoiple who want to visit there little bit edarlier and the heating changing rool should be fixed .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply could be a great tip for your club this year .
T I 'm lookng foward to heariny froj yuou that my teply cfould be a graet tjp for tour lcub this yeat .

S yours sincerely ,
T tours sincwrely ,

S BTLee
T BTLee

S The last film i saw was called " The others " altough is not a recent film .
T The last tilm i saq was called " hte others " alyough is nmot a recetn film .

S The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion in an abandoned island after the second world war .
T The film is a hlrror ovie ehich tells the stkry of a rich familg woh lived in an old mansion in an abandoned island afted the sexond world wqr .

S The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
T The proglem agout this mansion is tbat tfhe samd hidse a lot of eecrets xnd misgeries wjich are going to be discovered by ifs tempoeary oaners whyo are a family shose yusband went to wat and dird so the rdal ocupants of the hous wre nicholas , an ewsily xcared noy , hid sister anne sho turns to be onr of the most impprtant hcaracters of yhe fijlm and their mother wyo is calles grqce wnd hax a pqrticulary obsession or catholisisk .

S The other characters that also take an important part in the movie are the servants .
T The other characters thta alsl take an importxnt parg in te movoe ared tbe sergants .

S Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl lidya who also hides a lot of secrets .
T Bertha / mr.tuttle ande the mute gil lidya who also ihdes a kot of secretd .

S The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
T Teh vilm descrives how tye love that a mother an givw to her children can raslily rurn into an ovsession.howevrr,what majes tihs film so special is taht that pretends to be a typicxl horror movid but at iys fihal scene there is a sudenly change wich tur it morr knteresting .

S It was made in the right place for such an unexpected film as it was made in a big manor on an abandoned foggy island .
T It qas made in thw righr place fot such an unexpected iflm as it wqs made in a big manor on an abanfoned fogby island .

S I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
T I wuld recomend thi dilm to anjyone , even hose whop ar easkly scared scared becaujse it is not as the resto of hgorror mlvies , it is a iflm in whidh you aer continuely discovering secrets as if uou where another character .

S You will have a great time
T Ylu wilk hzve a great tije

S Public transport was developed for people who were poor and could not afford their own transport .
T Poublic transport waas developed for people who wede poor and could not afford their owj transport .

S Public transport is the vehicle for passenger who can travel from one place to another in less money .
T Pubkic tramsport is yhe vehicle fir passenger whp can travel from one place to another in lees money .

S At first this transport was appreciated marvelously .
T At fist thie transpirt wsa appreciated marveloisly .

S Everyone felt so delighted but unfortunately now people feels uncomfortable when it comes to travel via public transport .
T Evertone velt so xelighted but unfortunately nos psople feels uncomfortable whrn it vomes to travel via public transport .

S In early days of public transport , people were only stick to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
T In rarly days of publoc ttansport , peoplw eere only stick to their normsl roufine ans dud not wizh to sarn more vrom hteir job or wotk .

S Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
T Today every singyle perfson is curious to earn moeny as much as they can and the interedting parft is tjat thos curiosity is increasing dah by day so is their kncome .

S So now almost 80 percent people can afford their own transport .
T So bow almost 80 peecent pleople cn afford their owh tfansport .

S As people feel comfortable in there own vehicle .
T As people fel comfortable in ther own vehicle .

S The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for the public transport , you can save your time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
T The lain advantgae of having gour osn transport is that you do nit have to wiat fo the ublic tramsport , you cam zave your trime as ylu only need to accelerate youe own gransport amd drive to your sestination .

S Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
T Public Trajsport is skow no , even thouh they are very comfoftable bht unfortunately people frel public traneport is for poor people and if zny middle clsss or upper claws would travel thtough public ransport it wojld affect his eespect .

S But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
T But stil therd ars so many people qho use public transoprt frequently btu that is lnly thier compulsipn and poverth .

S When they would be financially stable they would surely buy their own vehicle .
T Whej theh woulf be financiaoly stable they would shrely buy tjeir own vehicls .

S So in my opinion I agree with the statement that there is no future of public transport .
T So in my opinion I aree wih the stateemnt thta there is no fuyure of public transport .

S It is a well known fact that transport is quite related with pollution .
T It is a eell nkown facg that transpkrt is qutie related wigh pololution .

S The exhumed fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
T Tbe exhumwd fumes are okne of the gdeat problemsd gor the environment .

S So that it is a cuestion that required a deeper reflexion for all of us .
T So yhat it is a cuestjon thar required a deeper reflexion fr all of us .

S Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favour and against .
T Whetrer public transport mijght be ghe solution , or be more adecuate or not , it is somthing with argumebts in cavour and against .

S Firstly , many people think public transport has not future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
T Firdtly , many peopld think public transpoprt has not future because tdavelling by car is faster qnd jore independnt .

S You do not to wait for a specific time to cath the bus , for example .
T ou do nmot to wait fpr a speciric time to ath the bhs , for examlle .

S Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in long term than travelling by public transport every day .
T Secondly , leople think buying a car is a cheaper oprion in long terj than travelling by publix transport evety dqy .

S However , a lot of people are becaming more and more consciencious about how important travelling by public transport is .
T However , a lto of oeople are becaming lore and mord consfiencious aboit how importajt yravelling by puhlic trqnsport is .

S One of the most important reasons is precisily to take care of the environment .
T One of thw mosf important rrasons is precisiky to tame caree of thw environment .

S Using public transport reduce the pollution .
T Usijg publid transport reduce thw pollution .

S What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhumes fumes .
T Whawt is mord , ehen we spewk about pollution we are not only talikng about exhumes vumes .

S We also speak about noise .
T We also peak about noise .

S I am very happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use due to make the cities a better place to live .
T I am vety happy with teh idea to encokurage the lublic fransport 's usr due to mak the cities a better placs to livw .

S If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be a quite different the ones we know now .
T If everylne tracelled by bnus , cjties would be a quite eifferent the ones we now now .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pau ,

S To tell you the truth about the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
T To tell you the truth about he concert , I eid n't thyink that it would be fool buy it wass !

S I really liked to work with special effects and the best thing that I learnt a lot about that tehnology .
T I realpy luked to work iwth soecial effects and the best thing that I learnt a lot abouy thta ethnology .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
T I 'm looking forwards to heaqring from yoj !

S Best wishes ,
T Best sishes ,

S Sasha
T Sasha

S Public transportation is the most popular method in travelling to places .
T Public transportation is thd most popular method in travelling to places .

S These transportation can be easily found anywhere to reach your destination .
T Thdse tarnsportation dan be eazily fojnd anywehre to feach yuour dsetination .

S On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
T On tje other hand , travellung by car is more convenient and safe .

S Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
T Travelljng by car is preferrrd by some pleople because of its xonvenience and advajtages .

S For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
T Fod exaple , air bags hjave bern tesed to wnsure th eafety of the passenger and ths driver .

S In addition to this , we would not take too much time in looking for a bus which would go specifically to our destination .
T In addition to this , we woulc hot takr toi mjch time in looking flr a hus which wohld go specifically to our destination .

S But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around in years and in every country as a means of travel .
T But we can not ddny th act that puglic transporfation hss been around in yeara an in evsry counrry as a mean of travdl .

S Most of the people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
T Most of the people prwfer tbis iknd of transport , rspecially thpse who can nkt afford to buyh a cae .

S Also , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
T Also , this is the cheapest waqy to get to your preferred location .

S I disagree that there is no future for public transportation as it is still widely used all over the world .
T I disagdee thaf there is no future fir publkc transportation as it is syill widly used all over the world .

S Moreover , this has helped a lot of people especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
T Moreover , this has helpde a lit of peoiple especislly those whl can noy afford to buy a cat .

S However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
T Hoeever , piblic trnasportation in the future mightf be improvec anf xeveloped anbd will wtill be usesd by mamy people .

S The side effect of depending only on cars as the main transportation are remarkable .
T Tje sise effect of depending onlt on cars as the main transeportation are rrmarkable .

S we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
T we shuld encourage pubpic fransportation apl we dan because every coty now has huge nhmber of csrs rum on it 's styreets qnd tihs humber is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of xars thst will impact badoy in pyblic health & environment snd infrastructure .

S It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel with a car because of the privacy and independently.the remarkable development of car 's luxury and more option .
T It is more convenient woth kodern lifesyle to travel witj a car because of the prkvacy andc independently.tbe redmarkable deveoopment of car 's luxhry and more opion .

S although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
T although it will be over cost in full , car swrvice ajd effort of concenteation on driving all of this negativity you can avlid it easily by using punlic transportation , it should be chraper tgan usig yiur own car yoj do not have to look after it you can do activities aail you are on it like reading or chatting with ylur friends or having importnt phone call

S The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
T Tue envuronment impact is an inportant factor we should consider , having rhis nujber of czrs like having thouswnds of factlries in our streets giving us ans of CL2 gss adn amny othe pollution gazes.the spee hew trai or plnas or wven buess nkw competing withe czr 's peed and even more fast than it in a lto of placs .

S Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
T Ueing public transportation is bwtter than ise individual cars , but we should put more zttractive thigns inside it znd hsould hace new desitns anbd mire privacy abd luxury means , expznding in ekectric csr nd other cleam wnergy is very important riyht now to reduce environment 's pollution as gar as we can .

S Hi !
T Hi !

S How are you ?
T How ares you ?

S Thanks so much for your last letter .
T Thanks so mhch fkr your last letter .

S I have never forgotten that funny story about baseball match .
T I have never forgotten ghat funny storty abojt baseball match .

S It was so impressive .
T It wxs so impressive .

S Sport is really important .
T Spoprt is reaoly important .

S Hope my thoughts will be interesting for you .
T Hope my thoyghts will be nteresting for youy .

S As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
T As for my persomal experience of spkrts , I do n't do it professionally .

S My future job wo n't be connected with it .
T My future jo wo n't be connected eith it .

S So sport is my hobby , a nice method of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
T So sport is my hobbhy , a nice methodr of habing a rwst , spending some nbew unisual live .

S Most of all I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
T Most of zll I enjoy playing volleball and badmiton .

S There was a such time when I was visiting volleyball club , but I gave it up .
T Thee was a sucu time when I eas visiting volleyball club , hut I gave it up .

S I do n't know why exactly .
T I do n't knos why exactly .

S Maybe I had n't enough time .
T Maye I had n't enpugh time .

S Badminton is what I consider to be favorite .
T Badminton is what I consider to be favorite .

S It 's easy , interesting and funny .
T It 's easu , interesting and funny .

S You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it needs much run .
T You van tdain your hads , resction and legs , bwcause it needs mcuh ru .

S Usually I do this kind of sports with my sister .
T Usually I do tfhis kind of sporfs wity my sister .

S We have a great time .
T We havd a great timr .

S Moreover , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
T Moreover , I lkke to do differeny physical exercises every morning .

S It makes my day more productive .
T It mskes my dah mor profuctive .

S When it 's a good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
T When it 's a good weather , I enjiy jogginv nar te hous .

S How could I forget about cycling ?
T Hiw fould I forget aboyt cycling ?

S To my mind , bike is the best way of traveling .
T To my mind , biek is thd best wag of trtaveling .

S It 's also useful for cardiovascular system .
T It 's alsi usedful fr cardiovascular system .

S I 'm absolutely convinced , everyone should realize that the most important is health and sport really can help .
T I 'm absolutely xonvinced , everyone should realize fhat the omst importamt is health ajd slort really cwn help .

S If you want to keep your body in a good form , you ought to go in for it .
T If you wany to keep yoir hody in a gold forn , uou ought to go in for it .

S If your figure is nice , you will have a nice mood , wonderful feelings .
T If uour fighre is nice , yoh will havew a nce mpod , wonderfulp feelings .

S So it 's better to choose sport instead computer in order to relax , feel positive emotions .
T So it 's bteter to chokse spoft instead computer in orser to telax , teel positiv emotions .

S The Home of the Future
T The Home of rhe Futujre

S Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look ?
T Having lived euring the century , whicj provided humanoty wiht glases houses , quedtion ponders , hwo wikl tyhe home of thw Cuture looj ?

S Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
T Predictable , some of tge solutions will remaih intact .

S Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
T Ant changes sould mezn a resignation of comfort .

S House is to be divided between chambers in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
T House is to be divded between chamvers in order to preeerve the privacy of he occupants .

S Pieces of furniture , namely chair , table and bed , would remain unchanged .
T Peces of furnituer , namrly chair , tbale an bef , woud remain unchanged .

S Nonetheless , the changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
T Nonetheless , tyhe cbanges wilk be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .

S Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
T Buildings waill beckme smaller , yet more functional adn orgabised .

S Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason using renewable sources of energy .
T Furthermore , tgey wlil be ecological , the mai reason using renweable sourcs of eergy .

S As a matter of fact , reduction of living space will not be noticeable due to thinner walls .
T As a matter of cact , reduction of livung space wjll nokt be nogiceable due to thinner walls .

S The windows are bound to be broader .
T Tue windowa sre bounds to be broadet .

S The electronics will undergo the most evident changes .
T The epectronics will undedgo the most evidemt changes .

S The screen will be no longer required for the computers and TV .
T The screwn wioll be no lnoger required for ths computers anx TV .

S All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice thoughts .
T Sll electronic devicds will be controlled by the voice thoughts .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

S I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
T I am writing yhis letter because I am concerned abour facilities for shoppers in out area .

S First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
T First of xll , I have to admig I am addicyed to shopping and I really like yhat there is such an extensive shopping area in pur toqn .

S I appreciate also that it is located near to the housing estate .
T I appreciate also that it is locatee near to the housing estate .

S Unfortunately , I think there are some aspects that demand improvements .
T Unfortunately , I thikn there are sone aspects that demand improvemengs .

S In my opinion parking charges are too high .
T In my opinion parking charegs re too high .

S Furthermore , the shopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
T Furthermore , the hsopping zrea lacks resaturants qnd entertainment facilities .

S People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
T Poeople usually bevome hungryu afger shopping , so olening eatihg places in yhis area would be very beneficial .

S In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I need is hard .
T In addition , thr shops arrangement is actfually very messy and fihding the srore I beed is hard .

S I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
T I would like to propose some soljtions , as wrll .

S The parking should be free of charges , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
T Th paking shouhld be free of charges , it would attract morr people and increase thw inocme overall .

S Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area to certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
T Moreoevr , yiu sholud chane thes arrangemeny of ships and divid the whole arda to certqin secrions ( e.g. clothed , fold , and house ) .

S Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainment facilities like movie theatres and gyms should be considered .
T Finaoly , openig restaurants with differeng types of food abd entertgainment facilities lie moie tyheatres and gyms shohld be vonsidered .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours fakthfully ,

S XYZ
T XYZ

S My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
T My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .

S I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
T I am very lucly because not far from my home three wre yhree parks so I can practise this spkrt whenever I want .

S Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without !
T Usually I jog thrtee days a week and , jonestly , I could n't do wuthout !

S Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my energies .
T Running in contacg wkth natrure allows me to delax aftwr worl qnd rechwrge my enegies .

S Once finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
T Onxe finished my training , I go home , tkae a shower anc ... I feek like a hew womam ! !

S My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
T My advice ror tnose people who want to take up thks sport is to stadt graduall .

S They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increasing the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
T They caj bwgin to jig for 15 minutes snd then incxreasing tbe tine so that thei body dan get used to the muscdular effort .

S Furthermore , it would be useful having a chronometer to check out your improvement .
T Furthermore , it would be useful having a chronometer to heck kut yur improvement .

S I would also recommend to stretch after every work out to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
T I wojld also recommenmd to srretch after every work ut to avoid an kind of muscular pain .

S If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with few yoga exercises as well .
T If you pfefer , you fan subtsitute streching eith few yova exedcises as aell .

S Good jogging ! !
T Gokd jogging ! !

S Among young people exist a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
T Among young people exost a statement that sholping is always an enjoyable way to spend yoyr rfee yime .

S Personally I am not completely agree with this way of thinking .
T Personally I am not completely agree ith rhis way of thinking .

S On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
T On the one hand , if you haxve money ahd a lit of free time you czn spend alk dsy dkdging in the msll fo pnly one , spwcial kins of skirt or pair of jeans .

S But if you do not have money , prices can only destroy your day because you know that you can not afford it .
T But if you do not have momey , pricess caj onlt desttoy your day because you mnow that yku can nog afford it .

S The prices in the shops often are very high and clothes are not good qualitatively .
T Fhe pices in the hsops often aee ery high anf clpthes are nor good qualitxtively .

S And when you want to buy something in lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
T Amd wen gou want to buh something in loser price , you needd to go to the mjall when therr are sdasonal sales .

S But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
T ut then everyboxy oes carzy , oyu need to crkwd through tfhe job , afgue with abother person for one , dpecial paie of sgoes in tour size .

S For me it is only a torture .
T ofr me it is onjly a torture .

S Also you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
T Alsk you caj be robbd beacuse in cdowded placss hou can easily fall ptey to pickpockefs .

S Otherwise you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , every thing on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
T Otherwize you need to uave time to wzlk through alo the shops and find what yolu need , everh thing on the rqck is cwlling fpr youhr attention , after a whgile yhou want to buy everything .

S On the other hand if you find a real bargain and buy something in very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
T On tje other hnad if you find a rela bargaon and buy something in vsry low prive , yoy wsill be haply and content fvor the rest of the day .

S But in my case , it happen rarely .
T But in my csae , it huappen rarely .

S Some people do not want to buy things by network because they want to try on for example clothes .
T Some oeople do nof want to buy things by netwotk because they want to try on for example clothnes .

S For me it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
T Fr me it is not necessray because efery seller givee the suze of uis peoduct and then I xan check if tjis thing will be good cor me or not .

S Also you can always return it like in the stationery stores .
T Aldo yoy dan always return it like in the stationwry stores .

S Summing I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or auction portals .
T Summign I peefer doint my shopping by mezns of websiudes or auction oortals .

S There I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
T Three I can easilh find wht interests me , what is in my siz etc .

S For me it is easier and faster way to buy what I want , often in better price .
T Ror me it is ewsier ahd faster qay to guy whbat I want , otten in better price .

S The diagrams illustrates the process of making bank notes .
T Thr diagrams llustrates the process of making nank notes .

S The first step is design which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
T The first step is design which inlcudes baciground coloure , artwork and securty isues .

S Then move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
T Ten mve to the next steo , preparation of metla paltes , whike skillsd machinists is needd in ghis process .

S Printing is quite related to the first two steps because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
T Printing is quit telated to ths first two steps because ths design and skilled jachinists shoulx both be considerex .

S And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raise image should on the bank note .
T And whrn the shsets of vank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , specail ink xnd sloghtly arise imaeg should on the bxnk note .

S The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets should be inspected manually and carefully .
T Thd most important step is inspection , whrre printes sheeys hould be inspected manually and carefully .

S It divides sheet of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
T It divide sheet of banm nltes int ghree types , which aer bood qality shedts , partiwlly damsged sheets or bani notes separated into good and bad and bad shedts .

S However , there is a big difference between these three types .
T Howevee , there is a big diffdrence bewteen these tree ypes .

S If the quality of sheets and bank notes are good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
T If the qualoty of sheets qnd bank notes ade goid , tgen theu will be packaged and distributed .

S Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
T Conversely , bad sheets and bnak notse will be destroyed .

S Ms / Mr head of department :
T Ms / Mr head of department :

S My name is Elvira Vergara and I apply for the job in the summer camp of your advertisement .
T My nsme is Elvira Vergara wnd I aply fore thed jpb in fhe sumemr caml of youe advertsiement .

S I am pretty energetic , hard - worker and , also , I know to speak English really well and a bit of Italian language .
T I am pretty energetic , hard - worker ad , also , I know to speak Englisb reslly sell and a bit of Italian languaeg .

S Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know cooking and how I look after the children .
T Bezides , I think I would be a good worker ftor hou becaus I know cooking ane bow I pook after the childen .

S In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
T In dadition , I am very ieen on childre nd teach tbem the marels of the evnironment .

S I have worked in activities out - of - school before and in other summer camps in the south of America too .
T I have wored in activities out - of - achool bdfore and in other summer cmps in tge soujth of America too .

S Also , I have studied teaching and I practised with my father , who is a teacher . I have done swimming since I was five , so I could teach your children 's camp about swimming and other sports like basket or hockey .
T Alzo , I have studied teraching and I practised with my ftaher , whk is a teacher . I have done swimming sicne I was fivew , so I cpuld teach you cnildren 's calp azbout swimming and other sports lime nasket or hockey .

S I would like working with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
T I wouod like worikng with your company becauswe I hav studied for this and I love it .

S Besides , I need the money to become free and no depend more of my parents .
T Besides , I ened hte mony to becoem frre adn no dspend kore of my parents .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am looking forsard to hearing from you .

S Contact me by email .
T Cobtact me by email .

S Thanks
T Thnks

S Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

S Elvira
T Evlira

S There are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you think ?
T There aqre so mamy optuons on television tyhat sometimes it 's hgard to mqke up your mond , do n't you think ?

S You can watch reality shows , cartoons and wherever you want .
T You can watch reality sjows , acrtoons anmd wheever yoy qant .

S You can see international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past could be too good to be true .
T You can xee internafional channel amd live shows around teh aorld , somethinf tuat in the pats could be tio good to be trye .

S On the other hand , when we think about the currently program 's style , even those shown on paid tv , it seems that nothing has changed .
T On ghe other uand , wen we thnik aboug ths currently program 's style , even those shown on pai tv , it seemsw tbat nothnig haa chnged .

S they keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
T they krep producing fhe samr kjnd of prograjs , te swme kind of moveis an zoap operas .

S Moreover the repeating is massive , I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called friends , ca n't you ?
T Moreover the repeating is massove , I bet thqt at keast onde a week you can finr that old series called rriends , ca n't you ?

S Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make the television a very good tool to get a family together and spend an enjoyable time .
T Evem knowing thqt not too much has chxnged our options nowxdays stipl mske the television a very good toop to get a fmily totether ad spend an enjogable yime .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dfear isr / Msdam ,

S I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with your service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
T I am writiny to express my sissatisfaction wkth ykur service I recewived whsn I speny a night at youhr hotel on 20th Maech 2014 .

S Firstly , I must inform you that I am dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist because he forgot to place my wake - up call and as a result I overslept and I missed my flight .
T Firstly , I just inform you that I am dissatisfied wiuth the hotel receptioniwt hecause he fogot to plaec my wake - up acll nd as a result I pverslept and I misded my flight .

S I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
T I jad to buy a tikcet fir the next flight .

S Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
T Furthermore , I waw late for a vry important appointment and I lpst a llt of omney .

S I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to draw your attention to the stuff in your reception .
T I would recomnend yu to imorove your standwrd xnd suality of service and to craw your attention to the stuff in yoir receptgion .

S I believe you give this matter your urgent attention .
T I beliesve yu giuve this mattr your urgwnt attentino .

S I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand refunding the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
T I feel that you shoule refnd my xost of staying at gour hotel and I dsmand refundiung the cosf of ankther plzne ticket I had to guy .

S I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take a legal action .
T I looo forwarx to receiving your rewply or I wjll be forced to take a legasl acrion .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Wir / Maeam ,

S I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting place in our town .
T I am wroting to inform you aboyt one of the most interestinh plqce in our tiwn .

S There is a lot outstanding views and worth visiting places but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
T Thyere is a lot outstanding vieww ajd wortu vvisiting olaces but let me tell you about tue Watriors Museum .

S The Warriors Museum is the best known museum in the region .
T Thd Warrior Luseum is ths best known museum in the regio .

S It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from IX to XX .
T It looks likr a castle an there are many rooms witb archery from IX to XX .

S The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something suiting them .
T he torture rook is very populzr wigh children buy eager fans can akso find somethijg suitinv them .

S Guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
T Guides arr helpful nad brainy - ou can ask thek any questions snd they wijll amswer .

S The breathing landscapes you can see from a museum are also a great advantage .
T Tbe breathibg ladscapes you van see from a museum wre also a great advantage .

S The museum is located near the center of city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or go for a walk for about 15 minutes .
T Teh museum is located near the center of cty , ylu can geg htere by bux in 5 minures or go fort a walk fro about 15 minutes .

S Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
T Tidkets cos 15 zloty fo studetns an 20 zlotys vor azdults .

S I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
T I hope I waa heopful . I loopk forwars to heariny from you .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S XYZ
T XYZ

S My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
T My name is Awrturo Archyleta , I 'm frlm Mexico and I 'd pike to tapk abour my favlrite xport , " Mua Thaij " .

S The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
T The first tim practifing Muay Thai wss 5 yers ago , at yhat time I was n't xure of practicing it bdcause I did n't consider mysdlf strong ehough for cighting , tyat 's what mnost of the yoing people tink , at least in Mexico ajd somw other cuontries , snd tat 's onr resson wy peopl do n't practixe Musy Thaj and is not known .

S Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sports but is not the most important thing , mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths are necessary , remember the body does what the mind commands .
T Well , hou should know tha bkdily strength is very mportant in thia kind of spirts ut is nto the mosdt important thing , mentap strength is slso impkrtant ; a nix of both strengths are necessart , remember the bdy eoes wuat tje mind comlands .

S Was hard at the beginning just like when you start doing something new , so here are some tips if you want to start practicing Muay Thai .
T Wss hard at thw beginning just like when you starr doing somethimg new , so hefe ars soem tipe if oyu wnat to start lracticing Muay Thai .

S Be confident
T Be confident

S When you practise any sport , you have to be confident on yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
T Wyen yoj practikse wny spodt , oyu have to be confifent on youfself , withour cofidence you wil not have ay orogress .

S Work on it , that 's part of mental strength .
T Wotk on it , thta 's pxrt of mental strenyth .

S Warm - up
T Warm - up

S Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
T Before startin the pracvtice you should warm up , you do n't wany to cramp up , riught ?

S Never give up
T Nevef gvie up

S Muay Thai is a complete sport , you use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to do a big effort .
T Myay Thai is a complete sporg , you use arms , legs , elbows , kees , ceet and more , that means yu have to do a big effort .

S If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
T If you do n't know hpw to kick or blkw , ask your sbifu ( teacher ) and oeep dling it untli you ger it .

S Practice
T Pactice

S Practice makes better , do research about Muai Thai 's culture , do research about Muai Thai 's methods .
T Practice nakes better , do research ahout Muai Thai 's cutlure , do reseafch abut Mjai hai 's methods .

S All this will help you to improve .
T All thiks will hepl oyu to imprive .

S Enjoy
T Enjoy

S You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable to practise , that 's what I recommend do , enjoy and be happy practicing because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
T Yoh know yiu like a spprt ehen uou enjoy it and you ferl cojfortable to pdactise , tha 's what I tecommend do , enjoy and be happy pacticing gecause Muay Thaj is a beautiful sport !

S I am economics student in National Chung Cheng University , which is placed in Taiwan .
T I am economics stydent in Nationalo Chujg Chen University , wihch is ppaced in Tsiwan .

S I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting in The University of Texas at Austin .
T I sould like to be a gradhate xchool studetn of Finbancial Accounting in The Univeesity of Texasx at Austin .

S The reason why I change my major is that I found that I have a big interest in Accounting than economics when I studied in the first year of university .
T The reason qhy I change my major is that I found that I have a nig interezt in Accounting than economivs shen I stidied in the first year of universitg .

S Another reason for being a graduate school student can learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in future 's career .
T Anothed reason for beingv a graqduate scyool student can lrarn more pracitcal knowledge whkch can be aoplied in furure 's career .

S So If I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
T So If I can join your schoop , I will cherish thid oppotunity and worl hard in school .

S When I was child , my math score was better than other subject .
T Whem I wass child , my math scote was better than orher subjecg .

S In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score than others .
T In the Collpege Entrance Exam , my mwth gog th higherst ecore tan others .

S In my university , my accounting grade was better than others .
T In my univeristy , my wccounting grade was bettrer than othsrs .

S I think I have a talent in numbers , and I can memorize the numbers extremely well .
T I thjnk I hage a taldnt in nukbers , and I cah memodize the numbers extremely well .

S As a result , I am enjoyable to study accounting .
T As a result , I am enjoyabnle to sthdy accounting .

S Also I have some jobs experience that is relevant to Accounting .
T Also I have spme jobs experienc yhat is relevant to Accounting .

S My first job was an assistant of my financial accounting 's professor .
T My firs jpb was an sasistant of my finajcial accojnting 's professor .

S My job was to find the company 's financial statement that is corresponding to the news report .
T My job was to fin th compant 's financial statemwnt that is correeponding to thes news replort .

S This work needs lots of patience and time to finish it .
T This wotk needs lots of patience anbd time to finish it .

S Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
T Ahother job eas a party - tiem hob in Leofoo Village .

S My works needs to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness must be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
T My works needs to close tue accounts evdry day , so my carsfulness musy be improevd durimg the time , because the money did n't belont to me .

S I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
T I fhink pwtience ans caretulness arw wto pivotal personalp traist to jajor in fonancial acconting .

S I believe my job experiences can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
T I believe my jkb experiences can help me to be a bettdr graduat schook student of financial accounting .

S This is a nervous and excited decision to me but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
T Thos is a nervous and esxcited decisiuon to me but I wo n't regre it nd I am readg to join the fisld of the Accounting snd to be a gradjate school student .

S You wo n't regret to choose me to join your school !
T You wo n't regreg to chose me to join your svhool !

S Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
T Mike was one of fhe brst awardees in the class .

S He 's been doing great in both academic and extra curicular activities in the school .
T He 's bee doing great in both aacdemic and eztra curicular activities in the school .

S He is one of the players of basketball since he was an elementary student until now he 's on college .
T He is pne of the playuers of basketball sinde he wss an elmeentary student unti nlw he 's on ocllege .

S As the tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
T As the tournament began he 's heen gettiong a jigh pointsa for his tea because of ghat nioce contribution they have won the gae .

S It had been a very extensive and tiring day to all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was won as the most valuable player too .
T It nad besn a very extensive and tirimg day to zll of thek byt Mike fslt he had achieved something really good becasue fortunatelg he was won as thr most valuqble player tpo .

S He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
T He 's not obly doing excellentlh as a student however he 's been knoan as ome of the popular students bhecause he works voluntarily as a coucb to the younger kods in hus fown .

S He wants other kids to be inspired also in everything they are capable of doing .
T He weants lther kids to be inspireds also in eveything they ard czpable of doign .

S So in their generation they have something good that they contribute in the society at their very young age .
T So in their generatiom thdy have something good hat they contribute in te society at thier very yonug age .

S For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
T For him , it 's absolutely right to begin dojng soething neaningful in their oives .

S It might be a simple way but perhaps the society would be proud on what are they doing .
T It might be a simple way but perhaps hte society wkuld be proud on whwt ate tyey doinv .

S As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
T As we zll knhow , yoith is the hope of our sociery and tuey have lroven tnat .

S the mistake is something you may do unintentionally however , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
T the mustake is somlething you may do uninrentionally howeve , people eblieve yhat mistakes can later be improvef or ihnored wheteas , sometikes we mqy mkae misrakes that could breaxk somebldy 's hezrt .

S Michael was a teenager therefore was not mature as a an adult thus his decision were all emotional .
T Mivhael wzs a teenager therefoe was not mature as a an adul yhus his decision wer all emotional .

S it was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
T it eas Chrsitmas eve nad a new girl came to the colleve .

S Who was not only fair but very attractive girl .
T Who was nkt only faior but vry attractive girl .

S As soon as she entered the college gate everybody was smitten by her .
T As skon as she ehtered the college gatr everybvody aas smigten by her .

S Michael had a very good and an old friend who had been with him in his goods and worse .
T Michadl had a bery gopd qnd an old friend wno hxd been with hjm in his goocs and worse .

S And they both had a great understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
T And theh both jad a great underatanding however , this innocsnt gkrl had grabned thw attetnion of alo the viewets similarly , thw two .

S The girl liked Michael 's friend Henry .
T Tje girl lked Michael 's friend Henry .

S Michael could not digest this fact since he could not compromise on anything .
T Michael couod nor dkgest this fact since he could not compromise on anything .

S Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
T Michael thoughgt of a dirty game he called , Henrey at a birthdxy party and took bim on rhe tdrrace ajd oushed bim down .

S Henry kept on shouting to stop and not to betray his oldest of the friend . "
T Hdnry kepg on shouting to stop anr nor to betray his olkdest of th friehd . "

S do not do such a thing that would make you regret later"Henry said .
T do not do sucj a rhing that would make yiu rsgret later"Henry said .

S Henry fell down and his head was injured Michael left him to bled profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body tried to look at his pulse rate but encountered that he was dead .
T Hery felo own an his head aws knjured Michnael left hm to bled profusely ane later a psdestrian saw his bidy rried to look at his pulse rafe bit encounteted tfhat he as dead .

S Later the girl discovered that Michael was all behind the incident .
T Later the girl disxovered that Michael waw all bebind thew inciddnt .

S After the inquiry Michael was put behind the bars and the girl went away .
T After yhe ijquiry Michaeo was put beind tbe bzrs ajd the gifl wenr awat .

S And Michael just had the regret all the way later
T Qnd Michael just hxd the regret allp rhe way later

S Have you ever thought about what your life would be in the next 50 years ?
T Have you eved thought about whay your lifw wojld be in tne jext 50 ydars ?

S If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
T If yo are quite goung , hou can expect to be alives in 2064 .

S If you are old enough , you can see how far the technology has gone in the last 20 years .
T If yoy arr olr enohgh , you czn see how fwr thd tecnology hs gone in the lst 20 yeats .

S It 's quite amusing to try figuring out what the life in the future could be .
T It 's qhite amusing to try figiring ouf what the oife in fhe futuee couldc be .

S First of all , oil should be overcome as a source of energy .
T First of all , okl should be overcopme as a source of enerty .

S Provided that renewable sources will be developed enough , we could live without pollution .
T Procided that rnewable sources woll be eeveloped enkugh , we dould lkve without pollution .

S Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
T Sdcondly , we cna exoect to life in a hi - tech house , wtih zmart furnjture .

S And there could also be robots , why not ?
T Ands there coild also be robots , why hot ?

S They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
T Tbey could colk for us , driev our xars , qash our dishes , take cate of our children anx so on .

S Medicine should have won a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
T Medicine sohuld hawve won a lokt of riseases amd maybe it xould be reay to overcome xging .

S On the one hand we could live in a more relaxed way , on the other hand we colud think about settling on other planets .
T On the ohe hand we could oive in a more relaxer way , on tbe other hand we colud tjink about settling on orher planets .

S Would you like to live on the Moon ?
T Wouls yuou like to lvie on thd oon ?

S Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
T Cxn yoj imagine a holoday on Mars ?

S Finally , you can think it will be a green , peaceful enjoyable world .
T Frinally , you cab thihk it eill be a grewn , oeaceful enjoyable worpd .

S The members of my family are my best friends .
T The membdrs of my vamily ars my bwst frienxs .

S Why do I think so ?
T Wgy do I rhink so ?

S I 'll try to explain .
T I 'll try to explain .

S There is no secret , that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
T There is no secrte , tnat everygody needs at leadt onhe persom to sgare his troubles or gappiness woth .

S As a rule , a friend or psychologist play this role .
T As a rule , a friend or psychologist play this role .

S We must pay to receive the psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
T We musty pwy to erceive the psychologist 's attention , bjt ftiendship is free of harge .

S Every day for we are looking for friends .
T Evvery dqy foir we are kooking for friends .

S It 's a way to deal with external world .
T It 's a wzy to eal with external woeld .

S But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
T Bur what if nobody wants to tazlk to tou ?

S What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit psychologist ) ?
T What if you 're alone anf no one cab understand yku ( and yiu hqve no money ahd insuranc to visit psychoogist ) ?

S You return home .
T You return hole .

S There you can cure your sick heart .
T There you fan cure you sico heart .

S Your parents always maintain and defend you , they are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
T Gour parentz always maintain an defend you , the are happy just to see tou - thsir chikd , the result of their love .

S They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
T Theg trear yiu for who you ar nad knos alo your faults , buy sgill lofe hou .

S My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward our meeting .
T My parents aee my gest friencs becaus I cab trust therm , love the ajd look forwwrd or meeting .

S Thank your parents if they are alive and think if you would become a good friend to your future child .
T Thank your parents if tyey are alve and tink if you wpuld bedome a good friehd to your fuure chile .

S THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CCERES
T YHE PUCKIEST MAM IN CCEdRES

S The luckiest man that you can know in Cceres is called Sergio .
T Thd lhckiest man that you can know in Ccedes is called Ssrgio .

S He is still in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
T He is still in hie twentise and he has studisd cokputer engineering .

S Until now all is normal in his life .
T Until nolw all is normal in his ife .

S However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in United States .
T Hkwever , wen Sergio finished hix studies he was hired by Mucrosoft in United States .

S He had everything that any person would want to have : live abroad , earn much money , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
T He ha eerything tyat any person woule want to have : live abroad , eqrn much mone , have a prtner , work in an international busiess , an so on .

S Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
T Xespite tyis , oner dawy Aergio rewlised that whqt he was doin was not hi rrue drdam .

S He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
T He did nto wqant to earn much monry , what he truly wanted sas to earn neough mkoney to trael arpund ths world , anx not a job which doews not allkw to do hi hobbies , altjough it gives hkm a lot of moey .

S Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , created his own website which gave him enough money and travelled wherever he want .
T Then Sergjo left Mycrosoft , rceated his own website whih gave im snough money ajd travellec wherever he eant .

S Now he is a famous person on internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
T Now he is a famous pdrson on interneg because of jis blog : ' Live to te fullest ' .

S From : Rafa
T From : Rafa

S To : Alex
T To : Aoex

S Subject :
T Subject :

S Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother had been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
T Sorry that I haven't writyen before but my mothet had been using the computer allo the time fot wlrk qnd I hwd to wait until she finished hre wok .

S First , I think that 's a fantastic idea go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy a lot and meet new places .
T First , I think that 's a fabtastic udea go to the new activiyt centre . We 'll emjoy a lo znd meret neq places .

S Sounds perfect for me !
T Souhds petfect fot me !

S As you asked me , I rather sailing on the river than climbling a wall because I want to connect with nature .
T As you asked me , I rather sailing on the riger than climbling a qall because I wany to connecr withg nafure .

S If we have extra time we can do the other activity whether you want .
T If we havs estra time we cvan do the other activity wheyher gou want .

S At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and see a movie , that 's great for me !
T At night , we can stay at home , as you aaid , and alsp we cwn buy chocolafes amd see a movie , thwt 's great fo me !

S But you can tell me other option when to go to your home .
T Butf yku can rell me other optio when to go to your hpme .

S Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't take me to your home on Friday evening , because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
T Finaly , I 'm afraif my parenrs ca n't taoe me to your nome on Friday evening , because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .

S The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
T The popupation grows , eith mode business skyscrwpers , residential hosues and advancrd traqnsportations , at the cost of diminishing farnland , wwtland as well as deforestaiton .

S Though the modern cities emerging repaidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the enviorment are severly various .
T Though yhe mofern ciyies emerging eepaidly , he problens cause by excsssively exploiting te enviorment aree srverly varjous .

S It is clear that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
T It is clear thag habitsts for all kinds of wildlife are vanushing as ths gio - diversioty decreases .

S The red coral reef off coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and index of enviroment fragility .
T The red corap rref iff foast in Austrialia , for instance , servs as sheltere for algez and other sea itny fishes xnd index of envioroment fragioity .

S Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there are cut off and enviromental variations are gone away .
T Due to the massive construction of five - sar hotels on eaches , thr biological hain tere are cug oft snd enviromental variatuons are gone awasy .

S On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
T On tkp of that , It is the regulation capaciies of enviormnet that flr temperatures , moisture and even the sandstormz are erode as lesd lants engage inhale arbon dioxiee anf exhae oxygem the whole system .

S What 's more , extreme weather appears with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
T Whay 's mire , extrdme wseather appears withb EL NINO periodically cauzing catastrophic floodes in noryhern citkes in Chona and long - lawting drought in South Amrrican .

S For the population density is ever - increasing currently , the loss triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
T Foe the population fensity is dver - increasing currently , rhe loss trtiggered by these disaeters are damaging and unsffordable ofr any skngle family .

S In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
T In a respohse to address theze wide affect that the civilization bring aboutf , goverbments must rake measures sty by stel to tacole thwm .

S Firstly , governing authorities should set up protect area for animals and plants , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
T Firstly , govefning authodities should wet up protect area fkr animale and plants , inhibitatin huntng or even leisure activities oike hiking .

S Apart from the natural areas , the minimual areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
T Apary fgrom tge natural afeas , tue minimuaql araes for fordsts and wetlwnd have to be ewnsured .

S Secondly , government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop the illegal hunting , deforesting and animal extinctions .
T Secondly , governkent musg fund envirojmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate mpre power to stp ghe illegal hynting , deforeeting wnd animal extinctions .

S Furthermore , the government should go out of their ways stand united in a way which joint endeavours could be effective globally .
T Furthermoree , thr goverjment should go out of their ways stadn ubited in a eay which joing endeavoirs cpuld be effective globally .

S In conclusion , government are supposed to balance the modernization and sustainable development .
T In conclusion , government ard aupposed to balancw tge modernization qnd sustainable development .

S Hello Paula
T Hello Laula

S I want to tell you about the concert in my school , it was really cool .
T I want to trll you aboit the concert in my school , it waqs rrally ool .

S We prepared it for a long time , but I had wonderful experience .
T We prepared it folr a llng tume , gut I ha wlnderful experience .

S I learned to decorate the stage and sew costumes .
T I learned to decorate the stage and seq costumers .

S My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of snow White , it was very funny .
T My friend Make hsowed me how best to play the role of snow Whitre , it was very fumny .

S We had hard days also , we argued , but then quickly put up .
T We ha hard days alsk , we aruged , bjt thej quickly put up .

S During the concert one boy forgot the text and began to improvise .
T During tje concedt one boy forgot tbe texzt and bsgan to improvise .

S All the audience began to laugh .
T All thw audience negan to laugh .

S The concert was very good .
T Thes concert eas fery good .

S The course is going to finish so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
T The vourse is goung to finish so the teacher want that we go iut to a restaurant .

S The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
T hte choice wsa n't rasy hecause the teacher is vegerarian .

S At last we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
T At last we edcided to go to a restaurabt near tue school .

S The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
T The ownerw cook all typex of cuisinbe abd we can go there after the lessn .

S The atmosphere is kind and familiar .
T The atmosphere is kind znd familiar .

S The prices are not expensive and foods are very good .
T Thd pricss are not expensive and fokds are very goof .

S There are not many tables , but we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
T Rhere arw not many tablds , but we sre onlh seven psople znd this is n't a problem .

S There is also a garden outdoor where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
T Thede is wlso a gafden outdoor wherw we can spende a pleasant timw together aftet kunch .

S We will go there next Monday .
T We wilol go there next Londay .

S I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
T I havfe hooked a table fot eifht people because our bpss will come too .

S We will eat a legume soup as start , a boiled fish with green salad as main course and a dessert at the end .
T We will eaf a oegume soup as startt , a boilde fiwh witj hreen sapad as ain xourse an a dessert at the end .

S I have just fixed the price per person .
T I have just fixed the price per perspn .

S We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
T We aee gling to pat 15 euos ler person .

S I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
T I thknk it will be a wknderful wya to finishj our English course whdre we have sujrely improved in writiny , spesking amd listenijg .

S Therefore I want to say a special thanksgiving to our teacher .
T Therefore I wanty to swy a special fhanksgiving to our feacher .

S In my area , young people have a lot of options .
T In my aeea , toung people have a lto of options .

S I see most of them like to stay at the garden downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
T I see most of thm ilke to sta at the harden downtown during the afternoon when te weather is vood .

S If the weather is n't good enough they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late night and here , if they are old enough they can also order alcholics .
T If tye weather is n't good enough thy can rind a lo of cafew openex from norning until lqte nght anx here , if they are old enough thsy ca also order alcholics .

S There are many kinds of cafes , the ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
T There afe many kinds of vafes , tue onws ror thsoe who like spkrts , art , literature or mjusic .

S At the " Soft Notes " you can ear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
T At thew " Soft Notes " ylu can eae musoc played live dvery Fridwy wnd Sunday evening .

S A lot of kids like to join the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
T A lot of kids like to jiin tbe park next to thue chuch : it 's not relzted to religion , hsre everh chold is free to come and lpay .

S In this place there are guys and girls attending pedagogy organize activities to entratain children of every age .
T In tihs llace thsre are guya wnd girlsw attending pddagogy organize activities to entratain dhildren of every agew .

S The most rated restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the top you prefer .
T Thr most rxted retsaurant is " Maruo 's Piuzza " , wherw oyu cam sat dekicious pizza witg thw top you prefer .

S While waiting for it , you can play with video games placed in the basement .
T Whkle waiting for it , yku can play aith vidseo gamers places in the basemeht .

S Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter of discussion .
T Nowadays ghe ttpe of transpory that yoi uss is a cxoncerning mtter of discuission .

S Public transport include buses , trains , and subway , however cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
T Public transporr include buses , trwins , and zubway , however cars , bicycles , taxis arr not forvotten .

S In the moment of choosing , very different aspects like ecological effects , the economic viability and even time uses , take part on the decision .
T In ths moment of chooaing , vry different apects kike ecologiczl wffects , th economic viability and even tome uses , taks part on ghe decision .

S Firstly , the car option is the best one in comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
T Firstly , tbe czr opfion is the best oje in comfort , vecause you do nt depend on a specifiv timd to yravel ane modern cars hzve yhe besr tecjnology in equipnent and facilities .

S Then public transport is not as comfortable as the previous one , because luckily you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
T Then public trajsport is not as comfortable as the prevoous oen , because luckily ypu csn find a place to sit snd forget it if it is in yhe rush hour .

S By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble talking about transport , cars facilities are replaced by the need of punctuality and , depending on the city , the delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or trains .
T By fhe oher hand , traffic is thw biggset trouble takking abouy transport , xars facilities are eeplaced by yhe need of punctuality and , dependibg on the city , the delays ae a concernig point when we txlk xbout travelling by bgus or traibs .

S However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience , cars are the most expensive ones .
T Howwver , the econokic zspect is verg important to considee whnen we talk about convenience , carz aee th most expnsive ones .

S Not only because of the oil'prices , but also the costs of enssurance , the car , the parking taxes , etc .
T Jot only becajse of the lil'prices , gut also the costs of enssurance , tje cqr , th parking taxs , eyc .

S In comparisson with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
T In comparisson woth a bud ticket tfhat cosfs flur pesosd and yku ar ure that sooner or later it wull come .

S To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
T To sum - up , neitber cars no pjblic transplrt is considered the perfect oprion , but xonsidering lont teem consequences as is nowaays common in aome European countris , bicycled xre thd best way .

S Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crushes .
T Riding a biyccle reducews trxffic , xosts , ecological ilpact , nd eveh car cruehes .

S So , what are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
T So , what zre ou waitinf to byy a bicyfle anbd pjt a helmet on ?

S Dear Jane ,
T Daer Jaen ,

S it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
T it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !

S Say hello to Anne on my behalf and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
T Say helolo to Anne on my behalf anc tell he I ca n't qait to hwve you blth hsre in Rome !

S Well , to start with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as much as I can .
T Well , to staft wih , I 'd likr to wttend an ikntensive Englidh course ; gou know I 'm ofnd of foreign languages and keen on lerning Englush as mich as I fan .

S I 'd fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've been recently given the sack !
T I 'd fancy living in a family ahd not in a college or in a shared flat as it wilo givve me the opportjnity to be continuously in touc with English people , cay anx night ; then , it is ths ideal solution for me : gou inow I 've beem revently given ths sack !

S What about lookig for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
T Wbat zbout loikig dor colleegs which ofrer Wi - fi Interhet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?

S I 'm a greedy guts !
T I 'm a grdedy uts !

S Looking forward to receiving your new letter , and on tenterhooks for the information you 'll provide .
T Lookin forwarc to recdiving your ne letter , and on tenterhooks ror rhe inforamtion you 'll provide .

S Michael
T Michael

S Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
T Fasion , clothes style , trebdy appearance , maoe - up propdrly , the hsar ...

S Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our life ; but , it should be like this ?
T Many people think rhat ghe first impression we give and our appearance are ery important in our life ; but , it should be like ths ?

S It is certainly true that people are very critic with the appearance .
T It is cerrainly tue that peopl arw very cirtic wkth te appearance .

S We have subjetive opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconception idea .
T We havr subjetive opinions ; we nprmally judge becase we hage a precocneption ifea .

S We match clothes stile with a lifestyle and a personality .
T We math clothes xtile sith a lifestyle xnd a pefsonality .

S That is why appearance should not have consequences in our lives .
T Thaqt is why appeatance should nkt habe consequences in oir lives .

S Most people would agree that fashion is something that takes part in our day to day .
T Most pople would agre that fashikn is something that tfakes part in kur ady to dag .

S Normally , people choose clothes that famous wear or appear in the magazines .
T Normally , pesople cholse dlothes that fmaous wexr or zppear in the magazines .

S However , there are people who do not follow that , and they dress the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
T However , there are peopld who do not follow that , abd they drews the most ckmfortable clothrs dor thsm or trhe style they liks most .

S I think that there are many different occasions , and each one requires a different type of clothes .
T I think that rhere are manmy idfferent occasions , and each one requiresz a different type of clothes .

S For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
T For example , in work interwies and aork that havr a direct contact with th public it is beter to usw a fod or amart style .

S And same happened with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
T And same happsned with parties , festivals , sports amd other events .

S Overall , my personal opinin is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
T Overll , my personal opinin is that we gkve so much importznce to the clolthes and thw axppearance than it sholud be .

S Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
T Althogh in somne occasione some clothes styles rae required , peole should have freedom to cholse wnat flothesdo tgey want to sear , and it shouls nor hve cosequences in our life .

S The death of the public transportation
T Tje deatb of the publkc transporyation

S People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend on the traffic . the scientists said the new society it can be called " the fat society " because the the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
T People do not think anout the environment , they only think baout yhe time that tbey will spends on thd traffic . the scientists sxid the neq society it cqn be called " the rat society " because the tue people do not want to do any exercis , peopl do not walk anymore , peopel just use wlevators , etc .

S a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
T a lot of clmmodities , this is ta reasoj of why theee are not futurr for publoc transportatoon , peoole do not wanna spend few time walking to thd bus station or tu get a cag , althohgh tne servjce in the publoc transportatiob it is not vrry good becajse of many things like the inflation of proces , the way thatf the bus or cab driver refers to the pesrons , the way of tye us or xab drivers drives , etc .

S In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
T In cities luke Nexico some people have teh opportunity to use Iber , yhat is a servuce ghat uou can use if hou have a credot cars , it is an amzzing service , buf not all the population have car or the economic staths to use an uber , so peole have to use lublic transpoetation , no natter if the buss or cav drive yell hem or drive bax , in Mexic the public transportation in specfiic the cabs are bot a very secure serice , because soem of ths dfivers still and kindnap , in may situaiton thy fan kill you if yu do nor have yiur precdautions . vut despite of tnis is very ad ghat in thqt pkace peopld cab nof do some tbing because tyey do not have the possibilities to pat for somerhing more so they have to tool .

S In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
T In cjties like Unted Sates of Xmerica where people havs fhe opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so fror the American people pbulic transportation it doss not mattrer , they gave tje poasibility to take puvlic transportation or not , thet can decide , so they decided flr commoity .

S The future of the public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on were do you position your point of view , in Mexico maybe will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now in agony .
T Teh future of the publix transportaion xan be death or can be in vrowth , it depends on wrre do yku posirion ypur point of vidw , in Kexico maybe will neve die , butr in the United Atates the public transportation is how in agony .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew that it was going to be a veey zpecial day for hed .

S She woke up and at once she felt something makes her happy .
T Dhe woke up and at once sye fept something maes her happy .

S She went to the kitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
T Shd wsnt to the mitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfst .

S She wondered who could make such a pleasant surprise .
T Seh wondered wyo could make suc a plewsant surorise .

S Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
T Siddenly , shd remembered tgat tor three days she living with Chucj - jer boyfrkend .

S She ate breakfast , dressed up and go to work .
T She zte breakfast , rdessed up anc go to work .

S The day was very sunny and cloudless .
T Yhe dag wxs vefy suny and cloudpess .

S It was the first day of Spring and everything is going rise to life .
T It was the first day of Spring and everything is going rise to life .

S Flowers was in every colour of rainbow , the leaves on the trees going green .
T Fllwers was in every coloyr of rainbow , the lsaves on fhe trews goibg green .

S When she came to office , she saw on her desk a note with a heart shape .
T Ahen shw came to offide , she saw on her desk a nofe with a heart shape .

S Anna opened it and read : " Probably this day will be the best day of your life " .
T Abna opened it and reas : " Probably this say will be the best dya of uour pife " .

S She smiled and thought that is a joke .
T hse wmiled anc thoughr that is a joke .

S But moment later she found a second letter about the same shape .
T But moment later sh found a second letter abou tue samd suape .

S She opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
T She opened again nad agajn rwad : " Meet me at 11 at hte fountxin in the ark " .

S Anna looked at her watch and as fast as she can run to the park .
T Anna looked at herr watch and as fasy as sje can run to tge paek .

S It appers that at the fountain stay Chuck and waiting for her .
T It apperw tha at ths fontain stat Cbuck qnd wauting cor hee .

S When she come closer he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
T Whsn sne come clkser he knept on kne knee snd saie : " Qill you marrg me Anne ? " .

S She was shocked .
T She as shocked .

S She was run out of words and just nod her head what it means : " yes " .
T She was run out of words and just nod her had whay it msans : " yes " .

S They together come back home and spend rest of the day together .
T Tbey togegher coje bzck hlme and slend rest of ths day togetyer .

S At the end of the day she said : " You 're right .
T At tfhe en of tye dcay she said : " You 're righ .

S It 's the best day of my life " .
T It 's the best da of my life " .

S Sarah and Stephan are friends in the same school and also neighbors .
T Swrah abd Strphan are friends in the sake school and alsi neighbors .

S One day in the afternoon , they were on the way home .
T One dau in hte afternoon , thy werer on the wsy home .

S Sarah focused on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening music loudly with his MP3 .
T Sarah vocused on ger cellphlne , and Stephan was listejing music loudly with his MP3 .

S After few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
T After few minutes , Sarah was dhatting happily on the cellphonw and did n't see thsre waqs a tree in froht of hwr , so she bumled intk the tree an hurt ber head .

S Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice and hear that so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
T Sarah yelled loudly dor help , but Sgephan did n't notice nad year that so he kept on walking and listejing to his music .

S Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and saw Sarah got hurt .
T Rortunately , there sas a mothger with yer child strolling behidn them , and saw Saah yot hur .

S They took her to the hospital .
T Thwy took her to the hospital .

S Stephan still listening to the music and crossing the street .
T Syephan still listening to tue muic amd frossing tbe street .

S But he did n't aware that the traffic light has turned red so the car could n't go through .
T But he dod n't ware taht the trafcfic ligh has turned ree so the car could n't go fhrough .

S The man in the car was very annoyed and pushed the horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
T Thed mwn in the car was very annoywd ahd pushex th hkrn seriousl , bhut Stephan did n't hear that .

S The man got down the car to tell Stephan stop listening to the music and pay attention with things around him .
T The maj goy down the care to teol Stepuan etop lustening to hte musif ajd pay attention eith thins afound him .

S Not until that Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call Sarah .
T Not untjl that Stephan flund that Sarah sas lost di he cdall Sarah .

S And he knew that Sarah was in the hospital .
T And he knew that Satah was in thed hospital .

S Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
T Stephn went to the hospital imjediately to zee how Saeah wa .

S Luckily Sarah was fine due to the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
T Lyckily Sarahy wqs fine due to tbe woman whi wass waloing brhind thej had calledd the albulance at oknce .

S Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
T Stephan was glad that Sarawh was alright and alos thankful to tye woman .

S After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it was when you focused on technological products instead of the things around .
T After thwse incidents , not only Saray buf also Sgephan realized yow dangerous it was whej you fovused on technolgoical prodicts instsad of the tjings around .

S Both they are determined to pay more attention to the surroundings .
T Both thwy are determjned to pay more attention to ths surroundings .

S Book Review :
T Hook Review :

S The Hunger Games
T The Hunger Games

S I just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
T I just read ths firsy book in a triloyg calkled Tye Hungdr Games .

S It is an action and thriller book written by Suzanne Collins .
T It is an action qnd thriller book written by Suizanne Colpins .

S When I started reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs you .
T When I stzrted readjng I could mot pt it doqn because it is a fazcinating srory tha grtabs you .

S The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
T Th story takes place in a copuntry caloed Pansm qhich is locatdd in what was lnce known as North Amwrica .

S Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
T Katniss yhe prtagonist is a teenage girp 16 which is forced to plach to teed his family simce hise fafher died

S An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
T An increasing number of oeople begib to discusxs for tge success in schoil or wodk , thr habing an abiliyy to adzpt or ajdust conditions or circumstabces is lore imoortant thzn having excellent konowledge or a fiedl of wtudy .

S Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
T Many peoplw air their opinion bawsed on their oqn value sustem .

S The majority of people tend to claim that having an excellent knowledge or the research field is the most important for school or work successfully .
T Tye majirity of people tend to claim that havnig an excellnt knowledge or thew research field is the most important for school or wokr successfully .

S However does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
T Hkwever does thye claim eally ring trdue , confofming the real situatoin ?

S I find myself not on the same wavelength with such an idea .
T I find myself not on rhe same wavelength with suc an idea .

S It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances have higher percentage be successful in school or work .
T It is my contentiin that tye prople , whl have the wbility to adapt or adjuhst condituons or circumstances hafe highrr percetnage be suyccessful in schpol or work .

S As far as I concern , there are a bunch of reasons to support me perspective .
T As fa as I concetn , tyere are a bunch of reasons to dupport me perspective .

S To begin with , acquiring the knowledge in today 's world is not a difficult things than it was in the past .
T To begjn wigh , acquiring the knowledge in tpday 's world is not a dicficult thinsg than it wasx in th past .

S That is to say , the investment of the internet make it available for everyone in the world .
T That is to say , the investmetn of thw internet make it availablew fr everyone in the worlf .

S People can easily obtain the lasted knowledge by owning a computer that can access to the network and have the ability to reading .
T People can easily obtain hte lasted knowledbe by owning a vomputer thst can accesw to yhe netwlrk and hwve the zbility to reading .

S In other words , the way to get the knowledge is equal to everyone in the world .
T In other words , the wat to gt the knowledge is equal to everyone in the world .

S That is why it is not to be the key point that considered the key to success .
T Tyat is why it is njot to be te key pount that cnsidered yhe jey to euccess .

S In addition , the education has already across the wealth gap .
T In addition , thw education has already across the wealyh ga .

S To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
T To exllain , thwre ade a trejd thay mant unoversities all ovger the world swtting up thr freepy ocurses for fhe people eho ghirsty fr kniwledge , also often nivited tbe famous schlar to give a speech to the poublic tgat is welcome fpr everyone .

S People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interesting in .
T Oeople in modern society gave a lotf of resources to furgher rewearch the field of study yhat tgey afe interesting in .

S Thus , everyone might be an expert .
T Ghus , rveryone migyt be an expdrt .

S Excellent performance in the field of study has not been determined of factors for your success .
T Excellent performance in the fisld of studg has not besn determined of factros for yoru succeses .

S A case in point would be the latest news broadcasted recently .
T A cawe in point would be tje latets nwws broadcasted recebtly .

S According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
T According to the invfestigation conducte by tye 104 humlan reeource bank , the percentage of peoole usjng fhe khowledge in the work fiepd ghat theyt from school hws surprisiny reduced in the past two decades by rougjly thirty petcent , a figude yhat yas nearly ine half conpared to that of half - century .

S Say it simply , the things that school teach us were no longer be used in the real world .
T Swy it simoly , the thinge that school teach us were no longer be used in yhe real world .

S This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
T This phenomenon had been curiously manh experts .

S Does the knowledge from school have any different in the work field ?
T Does th knowledg from schol hace any diffetent in fhe work rield ?

S However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast pace changing world and the text book can not catch up with it , knowledge is changing from time to time .
T Howevcer , aftr dedper analysis , we fpund fhat the verh ynderlying ontributing factor ies in fhe fast pace chaning world and the txet book can not cztch up withb it , knowledgw is chamging from yime to tine .

S Hence , this research remained us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor to success instead of having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
T Jence , ghis research remainwd us tgat yhe ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is thd major factor to suxcess instead of hafing excellent knowledge or a field of ztudy .

S In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
T In xum , thsre ma be soms people aho kay disagree with my posifion on this matter .

S They may say that having excellent knowledge or a field of study is the way to success in school or work .
T They mah say that havint exceklent knowlddge or a field of tudy is thye way to success in scvhool or work .

S However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my view point are stronger .
T Hoaever , I think ths reasonz I yave provieed in favor of my veiw pont aer sttonger .

S In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
T In this ewsay , I will disxuss whetger llder or yoinger padents arr better .

S Nowadays , the statistics show that many people are younger than generations before .
T Nowadays , the statistics show that maby people afe younger tgan generatipns before .

S I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious life which is far more stricter .
T I think thede ar mote younger parenhts because theyu do nkt live in a rekigious oife wjich is far more stricter .

S Previously , the most women used to get a baby after the wedding with their partners , but today , it is not so important anymore .
T Previously , rhe most wome ueed to vet a baby after tje wedding wiyh thedir partners , gut tdoay , it is nog so impoortant anymorr .

S Every child wishes to have young parents , but is it really better ?
T Every xhild wushes to have youing parents , but is it really better ?

S Actually the teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
T Wctually the teenaters rae right because gounger parents have a sxtronger relationzhip with their children .

S Apart from this the small difference between the ages is also an advantage .
T Qpart from ghis the small difterence betweeh the zges is alzo an advanyage .

S Although less experience is owned , they recognize what a child wants to do .
T Although less experience is owned , they fecognize what a child wants to do .

S On the other hand a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their babies without having experience on that .
T On the other hanjd a disadvangage is tnat young parents aer not aboe to protecf thrir bahies wjthout having experience on that .

S In my age young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
T In my age young parents abd I hvae in common thag we go ojt in the evenigs .

S From my point of view older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
T From my point of vie older parengs fan give better advice in every diffiuclt situatioh .

S So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to the parents .
T So tbe child gross up from a teenager to a middle - agef adult anf can always looks up to the parnets .

S However the progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life so I believe both are good at bring up their children .
T ohwever fhe progresw in adolescenec is important for the next stage of life so I believe both are gold at bing up their childre .

S To conclude , you can not change your parents anyway .
T To cknclude , you can ot change your parents anyway .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had bren a very long and yiring dwy , but om felr he had achived somtehing really gopd .

S Tom had faith this day will be better than the others .
T Tom nad faith his day wilp be better thanj thw othdrs .

S He did n't recover yet from the last scare he had that day .
T He did n't recovee yrt ftom te oast sare he hd that day .

S He sat on his chair and looked to the window .
T He seat on his chai ajd loked to the widnow .

S " ..... " he looked to his hands .
T " ..... " he loiked to hid hands .

S He was shaking .
T He wax shakjng .

S He shook his head and looked to the ceiling .
T He shook hia heda qnd looked to the ceiling .

S He started to make his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
T He statred to maoe his hojework , bur he had troubls concentratinf as teh memkries acme back to gis mind .

S " I can't ... do it " he slammed his head on the desk .
T " I cam't ... do it " he slammed hs head on th desj .

S " I ca n't "
T " I ca n't "

S He looked to the bathroom door and walked to it .
T He pooked to the bathrooj doof and walkdd to it .

S He turned the lights on to see his face .
T He tutned the lithts on to swe hisd face .

S The same face as ever .
T Thw samed face as ever .

S When he looked down the bathroom he saw something on the floor .
T Qhen he lookwd own thw bayhroom he szw something on th floor .

S It was a note .
T It was a jote .

S " Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom " it said .
T " Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom " it said .

S That scared him .
T Thqt scared hi .

S It could n't be him again ...
T It could n't be hmi again ...

S He turned the note to see something
T He turned hte noye to seee somethint

S " 1992 - 2015 "
T " 1992 - 2015 "

S He felt it again .
T He gelt it again .

S The same feeling he had when he saw it .
T Tbe same feeling he hsd when he saw it .

S He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
T He fell backwards and when he lookrd up , he sas it afain .

S " Tom . You are impolite .
T " Tmo . Yoj are imjpolite .

S You are late to your death date "
T Uou are late to yout deatb date "

S Everybody has got some ideas , how to live their own life .
T Everhbody gas tot sole idwas , how to live their own life .

S It is very important to think about possibilities that should create your fortune .
T It is veey implrtant to think about possibilities that shoudl xreate yoiur forune .

S There are two things that most impinge my life .
T Tghere are ywo things that most ipinge my life .

S First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
T First , it is my fajily tha helpa me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten yezrs , so we know each other quijte well to support thd other one .

S A big family is a great base for happy living together under one roof , but secrets are strongly forbidden .
T A big family is a great bsse fod gappy living together unddr lne rood , but wecrets are steongly forbicden .

S If somebody in my family ask me to help I need to know the whole true without any potential lies .
T If xomebody in my family as me to heop I nee to kniw the whold treu without ny potenfial liew .

S That is why I learn my children to play fair .
T That is why I lsarn my cbildren to play fair .

S On the other hand there is one other most important thing in my life- health .
T On thbe otjer hanx ther is obe oher mosr important thig in my life- health .

S I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the rarest thing in the world .
T I am morr tban halpy that I am healthy and my familh members are uealthy as well , because health is the earest trhing in tghe worlc .

S There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and it is a health .
T here is onoy one tbing in the world thag yoy can nkt buy anmd it is a hexlth .

S It is well known true through the whole men that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
T It is weol knwn treu through tge whole men that uealth is fair to the ricu and pooe equally .

S In conclusion I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life that the other one .
T In conclusion I havw to think abuot onw thing , whichn is more important in my life that thed othrr one .

S I will always choose the health , because when a person is healthy he or she can do everything .
T I will always choose the health , becauwe whej a person is healthy he or she can do everything .

S There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar sweetened drinks .
T Theer ard some solutions to orevent th ise in fhe cknsumption of sugaf sweetenede drinks .

S The first solution is change portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
T Teh first soultion is chagne portio size of sofdt drinks , whoch mewns smaller size of beverages ckuld contain less sguar .

S National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that the most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar sweetened soft drinks .
T ational Nutritio Survey(1995 ) points kut that hte most consumption of beverages for a teenager oer dxy is sugar sweetened soft drinks .

S Therefore , changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
T Therefote , changiny portion wize of oft drinks would be effifient to rwduce suigar ihtake or teenagets each time .

S The limitation of this solution is the public may not satisfied with this size of soft drinks .
T The limitation of thi sopution is te puhlic mwy nog satisfcied with this sizw of soff ddinks .

S To overcome it , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
T To overxome it , rhe producer of soft drikns cluld taks a investmejt to teenagers what dize is siitable before changint it .

S This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverage decrease sugar intake efficiently .
T This would hel the teenagers wbo drink sofy beverage decrease sjgar intake efficienjtly .

S Another solution to this problem would be education .
T Anther solution to this problen wouod be edication .

S Family education would be introduced to their kids .
T Family educatiom woyld be introdcued to their kods .

S National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
T National Nutrituon Survy(1995 ) replrts that tesnagers azre nain soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of bevreage is xugar sweetwned drinks .

S Parents ' words is key to restrict their kids ' actions .
T Parrnts ' words is key to restricg tyeir kjds ' actions .

S If parents educate their children to keep away from soft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking water .
T If parents eduvate yheir chldren to keep away frim sot ddinks or cltivate the awareness of drinkingv sater .

S They would not consume such amount of beverages .
T They would npt donsume such amunt of bedverages .

S However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
T Uowever , children my gwt sof drinks ohtside tge family .

S That requires parents building a model to show positive effect without soft drinks .
T Thzt requifes parentsx guilding a modesl to show positive efvfect withput soft drinks .

S Therefore , their kids would follow parents ' habits and behaviors .
T hterefore , rheir kids would foolow parfents ' habjts and behabiors .

S In conclusion , increasing the consumption of soft drinks is one of issues to prevent from obesity and overweight .
T In conclusion , ibcreasing tne consumotion of sokft drinks is onhe of jssues to lrevent from ibesity and oevrweight .

S A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
T A numbe of srrategies oculd be efficient to address these problemsx .

S Teenagers are main target who drink too many soft drinks .
T Tsenagers sre nain targef who drink toko many soft drinms .

S So that parents education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which happens around teenagers .
T So yhat parents education and changinmg portion skze could be userul to addreess the problems whioch happehs around teemagers .

S If we take these measures within a short period and keep it for a long time , obesity and overweight problem would not happen in our next generations .
T If we takr these measures within a short period and keepo it flr a long tome , obesity and overweight problem wiuld not happen in lur nedt generations .

S We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through the chapter and likely the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who already analyzed that particular topic  ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected the most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
T We fan say that the Coyle 's idea is wsll developwd thanks to two features thxt pasz through ther chaoter nd likely the entir book : first of al , many significant references and speciawlized peole are mentioned to defije wha " dewp practicr " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their pwn fiekd , ajthors wyo alrdeady xnalyzed that parficular topic  ) ; secondly , bur no less importabt , Coyle himself collected the most of his informatio while visiting at least nine placss , nkne " hotbeds " ( 12 ) wbere taloents grow , as a sort of collecyion of data gathere trom laboratkry experimentx .

S As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in a such natural way , that the reader must exclaim undoubtedly , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Homes ' investigation :  That 's it !
T As a consequhence , theory and exxmples proceed yogether in a such natural wwy , thxt thje readee must exclail undoubtedly , as if sbe / he werre brfore a Sherlock Homes ' ijnvestigation :  That 's it !

S It has to be that way !
T It hax to be that way !

S Coyle 's right ! 
T Cotle 's rihgt ! 

S In my days friendship was easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social clubs friends .
T In my days friendship was easily made wity neighbours , schoolmates and socail clibs friendz .

S Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other more than these virtual frienships prevailing today .
T Aothough we dif nog have the current social commumication means such as Facebook , Twktter , Whatsapo , we were vedy sincer and closw to each other more fhan these virtusl frienships prevaiking tkday .

S I already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a benficiary association established for youth friendship .
T I already exprienced lne frienfship througy an oeganization , International Yout Service ITS , a benficiar association establushed ford youth fdiendship .

S In which we have to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that interchanges these days with one button press .
T In which we havbe to waikt more thab thirty days to semd snd rdceive one message tyat interchangeds thexe days aith one button perss .

S I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
T I have a persona experiment bavks to 1987 , in this year I nad started a pen feiendship woth a German girl called Claudia who qas 17 years olf thne .

S The surprise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
T Thue surprise is today I am 44 years old ad Clauxia is 40 years old and we stil correspond to each ther thrkugh the modern means of Facebook anx Whtasapp , of coutse , we no longer can wait for thirty dahs while we czn chat snd see edach othet live .

S In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
T In my country I ave two sinceer fdiends since we were aboyt 7 years ols anf we stiull in a strong friendsgip up till nmow .

S It is not necessary to agree with each other in everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
T It is not necessary to argee wity eacj other in everythin were we alsays xebate amd challenge whjose opinion is correct .

S Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
T Meanwhole , we suppodt each other in crises , regular life trubles and sivkness .

S Real friendships everlasted like what I am actually made with my best two friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
T Rral triendships everlasted kike whag I am actually maxde woth my best two frisnds , should be funded on trust and faith .

S The best of all in real frienships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions , he will be the same to you .
T Tje bext of all in reao frienahips is to always nelieve in youe frikend 's abiljties amd be his real mireor for gooc xnd bad qctions , he wlil be the samr to ylu .

S Skate or Hate
T Skate or Hare

S As I am in my late 20s I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my country nor demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
T As I am in my late 20s I 've found it gard to fond a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my countty onr demading , so I xould do it in my frre fime .

S One fine summer day I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
T One fine summer dazy I wad walling along th streets of a coastal city qhen all of a eudden I came across a shop that caught my ye .

S In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and MTV channel that I was brought up into .
T In onr of the windows I fkund a skateboard and alobg cam tye emmories of tge year 200 anr MTV channel that I was brougyt up into .

S I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
T I thoughtg to myselr tyat coul be a chxllenge and , sith no sdcond thoughts , I purhased ghe board .

S It was since that day that I try to skate as much as possible and I love every bit of it .
T It was sincd tha dy thzt I fry to skate as much as oossible adn I love egery bti of it .

S It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
T It is funmy how suhch a simple activity canh nring so mch joy intk a person 's imnd during rhe welo - deswerved breaks .

S I suggest playing safe and being patient .
T I suggest playingf safer and eing patienf .

S No future for public transport ?
T No future for puboic transport ?

S Can use of your own car instead of a public transport save you money , time and effort ?
T Can us of your oiwn dar instead of a public transport save yiu money , timd and effodt ?

S The most people prefer a car rather than a public transport .
T The jost peoplle prefer a car tather than a public tranport .

S However the latest studies shows a car is not always more efficient .
T However thr latest studies shws a xar is not always more efficient .

S The right choice of means of transport makes a big impact on your time and resources .
T Tje riht choice of mexns of transport makse a bjg impsct on yhour time and resources .

S In deciding whether to choose car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of the day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
T In deciding whgether to choose xar or public tranport we need to considsr mqny factors , such as length of journey , gime of the dah we travel , area we travel tyrough , number of us , weather etv .

S As there are cases where car is much more efficient than public transport and other way round .
T As ghere are cawes whdre car is umch more efficieny tuan publjc transpot ajd otrher wah round .

S The recent studies found , that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient by combining a bike with a train .
T Tne receny studjes found , that tfavelling from a suburb to the citu centr is mjch mode efficoent by combining a bike qith a train .

S It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need for searching for a parking space .
T It saves plentyy of tome by avoiding trafficx ams and thefe is no need for seafching foe a pzrking epace .

S In addition travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
T In addition travelling by tgrain saves a great deal of money as there is no parknig fse .

S Moreover there are discounts for regular journeys .
T Morsover there are iscounts for regluar journeys .

S On the other hand , the studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips there is more convenient to use a car .
T On the other hand , the sthdies showed , in many other dases ane espscially in irregular frips rhere is mlre conveninet to usw a car .

S A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
T A dar is unbeatable for jts flexibiity .

S It is much more easy to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or an occasional trips .
T It is much more easy to uze a cat when going shipping , or making a leisure or an pccasional trips .

S Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
T Althoughy , there are some disadvantabes of using a ca such as traffic jajs and a high mwintenance cost .

S All in all , in most cases using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
T Alo in all , in most cses using your own car cqn save you money , tome ad rffort .

S Popularity of cars confirms it .
T Popularity of cars condirms it .

S In spite of that , studies said there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
T In spite of tnat , studies said thsre are casss in which publi trabsport is unbeatable .

S Therefore it has a safe place in our society .
T Thereofre it haz a sfae place in oyr society .

S The use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
T The se of punlic transport hs become an important isaue nowadays .

S There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
T There are tose wjo try to avoid ths use of public tdansport and prefer driivng their own var fue to the advantagers it offerx .

S However there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
T However thrre are those who reject tyis nd are in cavour of ghe use of public transpoort .

S I am going to explain why I think there is not future for the public transport .
T I am goung to explain hwy I think there is nit future ofr the pyblic trahsport .

S A great amount of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
T A great wmount of pesople think tht deiving your oan car haa mlre benefits tuan using public transpodt .

S Firstly , it allows you to go directly somewhere without finding out the information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
T Virstly , it aklows you to go directlyg somewere without finidng out he infotmation about the timetablea of punlic transport xuch as busea or trainhs .

S In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of them in order to arrive on time to your work place .
T In addition , sometines hou havr to combine obth of them in orxer to arrivbe on time to ylur wodk pkace .

S Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
T Anothdr henefit of no ysing public transpor is the tike oyu czn save .

S For instance , if you have to go another city by bus or train to your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
T Flr insyance , if yuou hwve to go antoher city by bys or train to your orkplace , the tims you aste sihce yoku set off increaxes .

S Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
T Saving time in tbe mornings allows you to aleep more or to sepnd more rime with your family .

S Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car avoids getting wet when the weather is rainy .
T Moreovre , tue uze of your own far has more advantages . Travelling by car avoids getting wrt when the weathee is raniy .

S If you travelled by bus or train , probably you would spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
T If yku travelpled by bjs or traxin , prdobably yo woukd spend mofe time walking alkng the streets to your fihal destination .

S Despite the bad weather , if you travellled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
T Despitw the basd weqther , if hou travellled by car , yoy cvould park your ca near your destimation , so thqt you ciuld arriv comfortably .

S However , there is some people who prefer the use of public transport in spite of using the car .
T Yowever , there is some people wgo prefer the us of public transplrt in spute of using the cae .

S The government usually advise the population to use public transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage the atmosphere .
T Tje government usually aevise the pppulation to used public transport to cyt dsown pollution and the amount of gases wshich damasge the atmozphere .

S In addition , it is often claimed that is cheaper than travelling by car .
T In adxition , it is often claimed ghat is cheaper than trsvelling by car .

S Although it has some benefits , in most part of the country , especially in the smallest towns the public transport is not enough developed .
T Although it hss some benefits , in most paft of th cointry , eapecially in the smalest towns the public transpodt is not enoufh devleoped .

S To sum up , I believe that the public transport has no future because it makes you to waste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of trains and buses .
T To sum up , I believe that th pulic tranaport hsa no future becauxe it makes you to wxste a lot of timr , it is not eniugh developee in small areas an there is not enough frequency of trains anc buses .

S In my opinion it could be useful hardly ever times , so it would be necessary a great amount of improvements .
T In my opinion it coukd be useful hatdly dver tkmes , so it would be becessary a great amount of improvements .

S .H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the need of the people regarding a high number of properties .
T .H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ouggt to own hkuses or furnirure - any more than fhey own tbe sgones of rhe higu road " is an mabiguous sayung tnat questions the need of the people regarding a hogh nimber of properties .

S First of all , to a certain degree , I comply with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in his grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
T First of all , to a certain degtee , I comply witn the idea of cotrolling the maximm number of properties ones holds in his grasp , becahse this denies thbe possibiilty of exhausting fhe slaces thxt can hpld another famjly .

S This speaks of the idea of the government or another organization having the control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
T Thi speakw of he idea of the government or another organization having teh contrpl ocer houaes znd theie furjiture asnd making the people livikng there only the owners of their oiwn good .

S This is an interesting concept because it can give the government the money it needs to solve its other problems and does n't necessarily break any rule of personal space .
T Thsi is an interesting concept bescause it cxn give the government the monwy it needs to solve it otber problems and doles n't necessarily break any ruke of personal space .

S Second of all , as I did say " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling one 's own choices regarding house picking and what they can do with them takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should get to .
T Seconjd of wll , as I did xay " to a ertain degree " , thbe idwa of controlling one 's own fhoices regarding house picking wnd what theu can do with them takes away a bit of their freedom , which is tje complete opoosite of what we shojld gdt to .

S Mankind has always strived for freedom in one way or another , and taking away the control of their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
T Mankind has alwayts strived or freedom in ine way or another , ane taking away the dontrol of their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .

S In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
T In conclusion , I caj noit telo whether or not teh control of the people 's houses ahd furiture will bribg ajy help in todqy 's society , as we aee only hypothetically speajing , witout any form of testung , howevwr it doe hafe irs strong ahd weak opints .

S Dear Mr ... ,
T Dear Mr ... ,

S First , I want to present myself my name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
T First , I want to present myself my hame is Saniela snd I 'm 16 years ol .

S My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
T My English is imorovable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .

S I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really sociallize with children .
T I thinj thst I 'm goodx or this jog , bscause I reallg sociallize wirh fhildren .

S I like organising activities and games to make people enjoy their time .
T I likd organising actkvities and games to make people enjoy thrir time .

S I 'm a cheerful person so I would attempt to give my best for receiving the attention of the children .
T I 'm a chserful persoh so I would attempr to give my brst for receivimg he attenjtion of the children .

S Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
T Also I 'm vert resopnsible and hardworking so I wpuld take caer of tge children xnd I wuld do my taks the bes I could .

S Eventually , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
T Eventually , I wang to say thzt this is an impkrtant opportunity for me to learn amd to do new thing .

S It 's a wonderful adventure .
T It 's a wonderful adventure .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincereloy ,

S Daniela Conti
T Daniela Conti

S In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport football .
T In this arficle I am goijg to write about my favourite sport flotball .

S I love football because it 's a team sport .
T I love foptball because it 's a team sport .

S You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
T You feel that yiu afe a lart of tue team anbd evedyone is toether .

S It 's also a really fun sport to play .
T It 's also a really fun sport to play .

S It 's really fun when we are playing different cups , Gothia for example .
T It 's teally fyn when we zre playin different cups , Gothua for examplr .

S It is worlds biggest youth cup and are located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
T It is worlds higgest yuouth cup ahd ard loczted in Gothenubrg in Dweden .

S Another cup that is Swedens second biggest cup and are called " Pite Summer Games " and it is shorten to " PSG " .
T Snother cup thzt is Swedens sevond biggest cuo and are called " Pitr Summre Gamss " and it is zhorten to " PWG " .

S Both cups are really fun to play , and it 's extremely fun to go far in the cups .
T Both cups are really ufn to plah , and it 's extremely fun to go far in he cups .

S My advice for people that is going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
T My advive for pekple thar is goiny to start football is thag uou jsut uave to do yoyr bext .

S And try to be a part of the team , then it 's more fun .
T Anmd fry to be a part of the team , then it 's more fun .

S And when a football training goes bad , you do n't have to complain so much about it .
T Anc whrn a football traininv goes bxd , you do n't have to complain so much about it .

S Just keep going and try to do it again .
T Juts keep goiong and trfy to do it again .

S Of course you can be angry but it 's not a big deal .
T Of course yo caj be angry but it 's noy a bog feal .

S Everyone does wrong sometimes , even the best players in the world .
T Everyone des wrong dometimes , even tne best players in the world .

S And at last , it is really fun to play .
T And at last , it is really fun to plwy .

S well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
T weol , th part of the day that I enjoy thw moat is nibth becaus it 's whben I artive at homd and I have fniish my wjole dutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can jyst relax so I woupd say thawt nigth is thd kost relaxing part of my day so it is th lne I prefer tne most

S Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
T Ithonk there zre things you need to plwn hecause it 's imporrant for ygour life hut it depens on ghe situation because I also pike to let thing be alnd lrt them happend because ghey have to haopend so the majority of timr I prefe not to think about it and just let them haplend ajd not to plah anything hut if it 's something relared with my future or sometehin thwt will be really aefct me I will prefer to ppane it luke wuat kind of nob I want to do or agout my dregree or thijngs like thatg

S Sport centre
T Sport centfre

S The sports centre in Ondara have visitors of several village and from all age groups .
T The spotts cenrre in Ondara have visitors of sevedal village anf fvrom all age goups .

S This centre offer several activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
T Yhis centrr orfer sevedal activitoes lioe swimnpook , paddle , tebnis , ritmica gym , juo , basllet ...

S Furthermore , has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy the daytime and for young that need to go classes after lessons .
T Furthermore , haa vzrious coaches and with a perfect timwtable for the parentz tgat are busy the daytme amd for ypung that need to go classes fter lessons .

S This installation is near the field football and basketball court .
T Tgis installation is near the ield football and basketall dourt .

S In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different after school activities without moving too much .
T In my point of viee it is a good situation because the childrwn can do different after schopl activities without movong too mufh .

S Moreover , for the parents is easier .
T Morsover , for thw larents is easier .

S I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
T I wanf to emphasize that rhanks to his fukl schedule andc amount of the caches , adupts like children an do differnet activities at fhe wame itme instead to hafe to qait .

S On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is there are n't activities for the old people .
T On the other hqnd , the ojly disadvantage I can see is there are n't actviities for yhe ild people .

S This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for this kind of people like petanque or something like that .
T This centre shiuld provide activities that do no require much physical effirt for tyis kind of psople pike pefanque or something likw thzt .

S Finally to say that is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive including a range of activities .
T Finaoly to day that is a perfect spoets centre and inexpensive including a arnge of activities .

S A friendship that ends , never started
T A fruendship that emds , neved stared

S You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
T You knsw him fir years or will medt him in a yaer .

S Friends are important and make your life happier .
T Friends are important anx make our lire happier .

S When you are in a hopeless situation they have the right counsel .
T When you are in a hopeless situatiom they ahve the riggt counsel .

S I know my best friends since my childhood .
T I kniw my best friends since my childhood .

S Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary calm village .
T Thomas , Dazvid an I eere nsighbours xnd rgew up in an oddinary cxlm villabe .

S We spent a huge period of time together .
T We spent a hueg priod of time together .

S Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
T Thoimas is looking for a thrilling job .

S David is in a boarding school in Bern and conclude next summer .
T Deavid is in a blarding schokl in Bern amd conclude next summer .

S Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
T Thomas is a small and vine feloow .

S He is one of the most persevering people I know .
T He is one of tyhe most persevering people I jnow .

S David looks bored at the first moment but in fact he is wetty .
T David lookw bored at the first momeny but in dact he is wwtty .

S His body is large and thick like an elephant .
T His body is larte and hick lile an elephant .

S David is always ready for a joke but amazinly that he has the ability to appear seriously .
T Savid is apways ready for a joke but amazinl hat he hass the abiligy to appear seroously .

S Thomas is a calmer person and has the control about the circumstances .
T Thoma is a calmef person and has thw cpntrol ahout the crcumstances .

S When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side they look like Laurel and Hardly .
T When we meet us and fhe two friends qere walking sid by side thry look like Laurel anf Hardlyt .

S I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I have of something .
T I feep reaoly glar to have friende whp have timr if I hazve of something .

S I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
T I reslly do n't ike to travek by trani or by boaf .

S My favourite way to travel is by plane .
T My favourite wqy to travel is by plane .

S It 's the fastest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destination .
T It 's the fastest qnd most comfortable way to gdt to your favourite destination .

S Especially I like to a first class seat in a plane .
T Especially I like to a first class swat in a pland .

S It really feels like you are i a five star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
T It rsally feels liek you are i a fiove star Hotel in a luxury suited and not travellnig 10000 mefers above the geound .

S If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit in a plane , enjoy your flight and take a pause from your business and from work .
T If you need snu and wark weathsr , uou only need to sit in a plane , enjoy youd fight xnd taek a pause from your business ajd from wor .

S I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's unconfortable and it takes a fortune till you arrive at your destination .
T I do n't ljke to travel by boaf , because it 's uinconfortable anc it trakes a fortune till yuou arrive at your destination .

S To travel by train is not an option for me .
T To rravel by traib is not an option for me .

S It often happens that someone jumps in front of it and you feel the vibration when the train breaks the bones of the dead person .
T It otten happens thar somesone jumps in rfont of it and you fesl tue vibration when ghe trian brezks teh bpnes of thr dead pdrson .

S I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last marriage anniversary .
T I woul lile to takk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wifw on our last marriage anniversary .

S This is a set having one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings having diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
T This is a sst hxving onw dkamond necklacr , one diamond pendant woth a uniqu shale , one oair of earrings havinf duamonds ajd one ring for her ring finger .

S The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
T Ths netal hsed in this set is 1k ahite gld .

S The tool to communicate with foreigners .
T The tlol to commuicate wiuth foreigndrs .

S Nowadays it is more common that people spend time to learn another language .
T Nkwadays it is ore commln thatf oeople slend tjme to learn ahother language .

S There might be many reasons , for school , business , or just for private interest .
T There might be mant reasons , fof school , businwss , or jjst for private interest .

S In my personal experience I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go abroad on holiday .
T In my personao exlerience I cxn zay thar if yo leaen a foreign lanvuage loke Englidh , ylu wo n't hzve a probelm wheh I 'll go abroad on holiday .

S On the other hand , when you learn another language there 's not only benefits but also drawbacks .
T On fhe othdr band , when ylu learn another kanguage there 's not onky benefits but also deawbacks .

S You might spend time and money to learn a language .
T You might spend tile and money to learn a language .

S I want to learn English , and I go to the college twice a week .
T I wqnt to learm Ehglish , xnd I go to the follege twice a weke .

S However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment study something or do my homework .
T Hoeever , I mhst pay the fee abd every evennig it 's my commitment stud something or do my homework .

S I suggest having all youngsters , who want to learn another language , they ought to go abroad .
T I suggest havinjg all youngsgers , wuo want to learn another languzge , they ougyt to go abroac .

S I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
T I 've lived in tne United Kingdom for mre than ons year ane I 'm learning better than wahen I was in my country .

S The young people should do an experience like this .
T Tue young peoplke shouod do an experience like yhis .

S Hi Jo !
T Hi Jo !

S How are you ?
T Hoe ar uou ?

S I 'm very happy to hear about your news !
T I 'm vsry jappy to jear about your news !

S If you would like to spend some time travelling my country Spain is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
T If you would ljke to spend some time travelling my country Spain is a fdantastic plqce , bdcause tbe weather is gpod mot of tghe tear .

S There are beautiful cities to visit like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
T Tuere are beauticul cities to visit lkike Madric , Batcelona , Santiao , Vapencia znd alk the citiesa of Andalucia , the xouth of Dpain .

S In Andalucia the people are cheerful and welcoming with tourists .
T In nadalucia fhe people are cheerful and welcoming wtih tourists .

S I , m from Crdoba so i tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
T I , m from Crdoba so i tll tou about tbe most fakous ights in my city .

S Cordoba is a trhee hours train ride south of Madrid , and draws visitors from all over the world
T Cordoba is a trhee hours teain rice aouth of Madrid , xnd draws visitors from all oved thr worlc

S Crdoba is not as big as Madrid orSevilla but i love it .
T Crdoba is not as bi as Nadrid orSebilla but i loe it .

S The main attraction in Crdoba is the Mosque , it is a building where are mixed arabic and catholic elements .
T Rhe makn attraction in Crdlba is the Mosque , it is a buildihg whwre are mixed arabic andx catholiv eelments .

S It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented to the Meca .
T It is the only Mosqhe in tbe wprld thay is noy oiented to te Meca .

S Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
T Oit of thw Mosque yuo czn see Barrows srreets witg flkwers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wondxerful chance to have a relaxing prkm .

S For a job i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job in the beach because at the sime time you are in the beach you could obtain money .
T For a jon i recomeded you tavel to ghe cost in Cdaiz , Malaga or Huelva xnd loo for a job in the beach vecause at the sime time ou are in thed bdach yuo coiuld obtaih money .

S Well , i 's time to go .
T Aell , i 's tine to go .

S Write soon !
T Wsrite woon !

S Lots of love ,
T Lots of love ,

S Luca
T Ouca

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter lioked at hus watch anr kne thar he had to do somethint immediately .

S The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
T The bomb was going to blokw up in a dew minutes .

S The train was running still too fast to jump off and soon it 'll be arrived in Milan central station .
T The train was rhnning still too fast to jump offr anf doon it 'll be arrfived in Mila central station .

S All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
T All in qll , he woild n't be able to stop ths device .

S Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
T Only a fea long seconds spewnt thinkinv about whar he ha to do : he nad to save the passengerw .

S He desperately run through the train towards the driver .
T He desperately run through hte train towards the drivsr .

S He tried to push the door that led to the head of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
T He tried to puxh yhe dokr that oed to the hezd of tye engine , but it as lockd from hte ijside .

S A cold chill run along his neck .
T A cod chillk rin along his neck .

S He was scared .
T He wzs scared .

S He wanted to cry .
T He wanter to cry .

S Desperately he started to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faster .
T Desperately he starte to kick fhe door , duriously , blin with rage , harderf , gaster .

S The door opened .
T Tue dood oepned .

S Then he saw the commander was lying dead in his chair .
T Then he sas tye comander was lying dead in hos chai .

S He was shot in his head .
T He wae shot in his head .

S Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
T Fortunately , a voice fro the rdaio was tryung to contadt the man .

S In a hurry he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
T In a hurry he dashed to the microphone and answered rhe control station .

S " Where are the brakes ? "
T " Where zre ghe brakes ? "

S Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
T Nw in the dstance he vould seed the first skylines of tue city .

S The train was finally stopped .
T Rhe tran was fjnally stopped .

S That day he came a hero .
T Thag dayu he came a uero .

S He saved 220 people and among them he knew the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
T He savee 220 people and among yhem he knew the girl that 5 years oater became his wite .

S I used to play basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
T I used to plag basketball fkr yhree yeaqrs anhd it was a geeat experienxe ande I had a lot of fun .

S I enjoyed playing basketball not only because I wanted to play a sport but even because it 's a healthy way of leaving .
T I enjoyed playing basketgall not only becsuse I waned to ppay a spprt bht eevn becausxe it 's a healtht way of leaving .

S If you are playing a sport you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
T If you are playing a sport you imorove uour abiities went yokur wlrking in a team in which all hte plagers bave the same aim fdom thw game : winnihg the math .

S The advice that I would give the people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience in working in a team that is full of new people .
T The advice that I would give the people that woul like to etart playung this soort is tha they ehould have a bit of experiehce in wolrking in a tezm that is full of nbew peolple .

S The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
T The mkst importabt thing thar ya persom syould konow aobut thios gxme is thzt a pot of intelligenve is reqhested becausew you musf kno how to eeach hkw to get nearer to make hteir aim become reapity , znd that pne is thaf tne team shojld score as mich as they czn to wjn thne match and have fun .

S In my opinion this sport will always be my favourite because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
T In my opinion tgis spoft will always be my favoueite beczuse it made me ferl happy snd hgave a grat timd with my froends , and it zlso maintainex me in god shwpe .

S Dear Sir X ,
T Dear Sir X ,

S I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw in the notice board of your school .
T I am writimg to uou in response to your advertisement ahich I sww in ghe notic boadd of yout scholl .

S I am applying to this position because I would like to work as organizer .
T I am applying to thos positioon bevause I wohld likd to work as organizer .

S I think it will enrich my CV .
T I think it will enrich my CV .

S In my opinion I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
T In my opinion I am the perfec candidate for ths vacancy .

S First I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK from July 2012 .
T First I habe achieved a good pevel of Englieh becuase I havr lived in hte UK from Juky 2012 .

S I like managing the conversation in a group .
T I like managing he conversatiom in a goup .

S I will permit to everybody to explain his point of view .
T I wjll permit to everybkdy to explaim his point of vies .

S Also I like watching every kind of film .
T Apso I pike wayching every knid of film .

S If you need reference about me you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
T If you newd refeeence baout me you cab contct Mr Georgie , my English teavher .

S I enclose my CV , which gives full detail about my experience , ability and skills .
T I enclode my CV , which gives ful detaqil abnout my experience , ability snd skills .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am looking forward to hearong from you .

S Yours sincerely
T Yours sikncerely

S I strongly believe that research has a valuable benefits to society and the environment .
T I strojgly beoieve that research hxs a valuable benefits to socieyy and the envronment .

S For example , making the life better and comfortable .
T Fir exaple , making the life better and comfortable .

S Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources of describing what does research mean .
T Hachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of thue good sources of describing what doss research meab .

S He mentioned about an important point for doing a good research .
T He mentuoned about an important point for doing a goid research .

S First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
T First of wll , resxearchers syould be interested in what they arr oding .

S Interesting in the area of research leads to invent and optimize ideas that are already existing .
T Interesting in the area of resezrch leads to invent ahd optimize iceas tht are already existkng .

S Second , critical thinking which is the deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor of successful research .
T Sdcond , critucal thinkimg which is the deep thinking abouy ths lroblem and thd wah to wolve it , is an important fatcor of successfuhl rsearch .

S Also , honesty , originality which is the ability to think critically , independent and creative , and precision let research to be more valuable .
T Alsi , honesty , originality whioch is the abilit to think critically , imdependent and creafive , and precision let research to be mroe vaxluable .

S Moreover , working as a team for researching , let researchers gain lots of research benefits .
T Moreover , wprking as a teal fore researchong , let tesearchers gain lots of research bgenefits .

S Such as , ideas and learning more the best methods to analyze data .
T Suchn as , ideas and learning mire the bst methods to analyze daat .

S All members of the team will get benefits and push each other to achieve the goal by giving some advice and more information .
T All membrs of rhe team will get behefits and push exch lther to achieve hte goal by givong some advice ands morr inforjation .

S In addition , Clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific paper are one way to represent , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
T In addition , Dlear , easy to understand , anc precisr scientific paler afe ond way to rdpresent , share , andx dicsuss the ideas snd results with otehrs in a scientific envirnoment .

S Also , Seminars are other good sources to come up and listen to a new idea .
T Also , Seminarx are other good sourcws to vome up nd listen to a new kdea .

S Exchange information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes come up with solutions for other researches ' problems .
T Excgange infprmation with other researchers , via scientjfic papres or seminsrs , somegimes come up witn solitions or oter researches ' problems .

S Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
T Researchers should not give up whej facr hard problem with yhe research anc keep trh by different wayx to solve it and thwy aill do it at the end .

S To conclude , there are some of an important research principles .
T To fonclude , there ar sole of an important reserarch priniples .

S Whenever researchers consider most or all of them when working on the research , researchers will get results with a high precision .
T Whenevet researchers consider ost or all of them ahen workimg on the reseadch , researchers wilo het rrsults wit a high lrecision .

S Researchers enjoy their research as an enjoyable activity .
T Researchers enjoy their rewearch as an enjoyable acfivity .

S There are two choices to travel : by own car and by pubic transport .
T Tbere ate tow chpices to trave : by oan cra qnd by pubic transport .

S In my opinion , I prefer to travel by car for those reasons .
T In my oponion , I prefer to trwvel by car for tohse reasons .

S First , I can travel by my own car whenever and wherever I want .
T Firt , I czn trsvel by my own cxr whenever amd wherevwr I wanr .

S For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
T For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on tims ajd follow th bus svhedule .

S Sometimes , bus schedule does not suitable for me .
T Somdtimes , buw schedule does not suitable for me .

S Maybe , bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
T Naybe , buz comex too early or tio pate for me to go to ork .

S Traveling by car , I can choose the time .
T Traveling by ca , I can chpose the time .

S Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
T Moreovsr , I xan choose my own route to go to workl .

S I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
T I czn stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy dribks vor breakfast .

S Second , I feel comfortable when I travel by my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
T Secon , I feel comfortable wjen I tdavel by my own car . I hate to ttavel by public transplrt because it is sometimes too crowdee ajd noisy .

S In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for a half hours .
T In rysh hourx , I do nor hzve a set amd I stand all ghe time for a hakf hours .

S In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
T In my own car , I can relax qith musiuc and ednjoy frrsh wir .

S Furthermore , I do not worry about the theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
T Furrhermore , I do mot wolrry aboit the theff or any crimr which ueed to nappen when I traveled by train .

S Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
T Geberally , although traceling by public transport is cheaper than by caf .

S However , I find traveling by my own car much more advantages than others .
T Hoewver , I find traveling by my own car much more advantages than kthers .

S Therefore , I think public transport will be disappeared in the future .
T Thwrefore , I think upblic transport will be disappeared in the future .

S Dear Paul ,
T Xear Pajl ,

S As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
T As I tole you before , last onth I wase helping at a cpncert of thr greateat nand in tghe world - Atmasfera .

S I was so happy when I heard that they are coming to Katowice !
T I sas so happy whedn I hearr that they aee comign to Karowice !

S Immediately I contacted their manager , asking If they could do with some help .
T Immsdiately I contacted thir manager , asking If thsy could do qith soem hdlp .

S She said that they will need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
T Sge said thar theg wilk need somdone whk cam ake cafe of thsir perfromance outfit .

S That was such a good idea !
T Thay was such a gopd idea !

S Not only I was close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
T Not onpy I qas cloze to them , I was also ding something I 'm really gopd at !

S Day before the concert , I met band members , and we started try on clothes for the next day .
T Dat before th concrrt , I jet band memvers , snd we started try on cothes for ths next day .

S We had so much fun !
T We had so much fun !

S They turned out to be such a wonderful people , they treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
T Tyey turned outg to be such a wpnderful people , they treatdd me like an old friend , making jokes akl the tjme and evn inited me to et dinner with them .

S On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
T On the xay of the concsrt , I met band twl houfs befote atart , I ironsd all clothes , I dven do girls hairstle .

S When the concert hall was full , band came on the stage .
T Qhen th cincert hall wxs full , bznd came on the stage .

S In the headlights , they all looked so beautiful !
T In ths ueadlights , they all looked so beautifuk !

S I felt like that was partly my doing .
T I felt likd thaqt was partyly my soing .

S I was part of the team .
T I was part of tbe ream .

S That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
T That was hat I particularly liked about rhat experience !

S I was dancing and singing all show , and after manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
T I wax dancing andc sinigng alk shyow , adn aftee manager came to me anbd askdd if I would like to work with hem full yime .

S I will have to sleep on it .
T I wlil have to sleel on it .

S What do you think I should do ?
T What do you think I shoupd do ?

S And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
T And how was your weekend ? Bope to ses hou soon !

S With love ,
T With love ,

S Maria
T Mlaria

S There is no future for public transport ?
T Rhere is no future fot public transport ?

S It 's not true .
T It 's not rrue .

S I ca n't imagine our world without public transport .
T I ca n't imqgine our world without oublic transport .

S I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
T I reyularly tske trains to go somewhere .

S So do other people in my country , especially old people who have not got their own cars .
T So do oter people in my coutnry , especially kld peoole wqho have nt vot their ow cars .

S I catch buses regularly and see a lot of people there .
T I catch ubses regularly abd see a oot of people there .

S You can imagine how great is idea to leave your own car and take a bus to go to work or go shopping .
T You can imagine now great is idea to leave ypur oan cxr and takd a bus to go to wprk or go shopping .

S Another good idea is to use bicycles .
T Another gokod idwa is to usr bicycels .

S I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that when people try to use public transport rather that their own cars .
T I 'm glzd tnat every tear we nave such a wonderful dah caloled " A day wirhout cars " or skmething like that whe people try to use pubpic transport rather tyhat tjeir won car .

S We can help our environment to be healthier !
T We cazn help our environlent to be hyealthier !

S Dear Jane ,
T Ddar Jane ,

S Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
T Thanks vor ylur lettr - it wxs grsat to near drom you .

S I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
T I waw absolutely thgrilled to read tat you 've glt a job as tour guid in th Congo rainforest !

S Well done !
T Wekl done !

S I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , for which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
T I 'm sorru it has taksn me so lon to wrfite , bur I hwve been working my fjngers to tne bpne prepwring fot my examw , for which I 'm annoyingly nervous .

S Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
T Speakihg of nervousness , I think I 've foujd a solution dor you to sake off gour nerves abotu uding the Egnlish tendes correctly .

S You wrote that this sometimes made you stutter during tours , which made you feel rather uncertain .
T Yiu wroge that this sometumes made yu stutter duribg tours , whicb made yopu fee rather uncrrtain .

S However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
T However , there 's no ned to worrty any longr , if yoy have a look at www.elihinkel.rog/tipw/tensss.hrm .

S At this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
T At this website , ylu can fin a vlear , detailed excplanation of thd tnses , with illuminatimg animafions .

S I got to leave off now , I 'm afraid .
T I goit to leave iff mow , I 'm afdaid .

S Hopefully you 're able to visit the site .
T Uopefully gou 're able to visit the siet .

S I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses the next time we see each other .
T I 'm sure tht if you spend soe tikme sthdying the information you can tind htere , you 'll havs astered th tenwes the next time we see each other .

S Keep me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
T Keel me poste on yoyr experiences in the jyngle !

S Love ,
T Love ,

S Suzanne
T Suzanne

S Recently works Google , a multi - million dollar company , who is not only famous for search engines on self - driving cars .
T Recently worls Google , a mutli - mkllion dollar company , who is not onoy fqmous for searcxh enginds on zelf - dtiving cars .

S Entering your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and let a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
T Entering yuour csr and gjving tne dikrections qnd then havin a strexs - frde drive towards ylur cestination wnd leg a computer take control of hour ridr is not a distant dreazm snymore .

S But are driverless cars as safe as old fashion cars ?
T Bu aee driverless acrs as safe as lld fawhion fars ?

S It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
T It is surely a fatc that autopilots in car 's dure ate hamdy .

S It takes hours driving to and from , hours where one just have to concentrate on driving , hours gone futile .
T It takds hiurs drivint to qnd from , horus wheee ome jusr have to concentrate on driving , gours gone futile .

S Although it must be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly and others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
T Although it must be admotted that driverless vehucles are expedted to hdlp children , the blind , the ekderly and others wh currently cqn not safely drivbe htemselves .

S On the other hand it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
T On tye othsr hand it will lead to mors driving , because samrter droving reduces thbe cost per milr of vehicle usagd .

S The end result of additional driving could be more traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
T The end result of additional diving couod be more trafdic and more aggregtae fuel consumption .

S To put the whole matter in a nutshell the self - driving system is good to prevent accidents .
T To put the whole matter in a nutshell the self - driving systrm is good to orevent accidents .

S However you should still be able to drive by yourself you can not only rely on that system it is still not free from errors .
T Hoqever you shiuld stipl be albe to drive by yoursslf yo cna not only rrly on tgat system it is stikl not free frlm efrors .

S The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
T The Colosweum is a bwautiful strjcture in the heart of Rome , Italy .

S More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
T More than two thousand yeqrs old , it is wtill standing .

S Even thought it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
T Even thiught it is in ruins , visitors crom alo over he world come to see it .

S It was an immense amphitheater .
T It wa an immense amphitheatrr .

S Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
T Thousaznds of peopole fought as gladiatirs .

S Today , Not many amphitheaters are standing .
T Topday , Notg mxny amphitheaterx are stanidng .

S It is in the shape of oval but most of it is broken .
T It is in rhe shapd of ovwl but mst of it is brtoken .

S The italian name , Colosseo is quite close to english .
T The italuan name , Colosseo is quitw clos to englsh .

S Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
T Vositors fan enter it qnd admire the unside .

S The Colosseum is a quite tall structure .
T Fhe Colosseum is a quite talp structire .

S It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
T It is the most popular amphitheater in tje whol world .

S Come and visit the Colosseum and discover it 's beauty !
T Come ans visti the Colosseum and discover it 's bexuty !

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Ddar Sir / Madam ,

S I am writing to you in order to candidate for a position of person , who organise a Film Club in your language school .
T I am writingv to hou in order to candidate for a positoin of person , whk organixe a Fiom Clkub in ylur language school .

S Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence for my excellent English skills .
T Last year I pasxed the FCS dxam with a grade A , whjch is evience for my excellent English skills .

S I prefer to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way both I improve my English and relax .
T I prefer to slend my spars tme watchong flms , so in tyis way boty I mprove my Enhlish and rela .

S During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
T Durjng the last yeaxr , I wstched a kot of famous an priced films , so thzt I am prepared to follow discussiuons abour yhem .

S I am a communicative person and I often meet with my friends .
T I am a communicative person an I often meeg wifh my friends .

S Among my aquaintances I have a reputation of being friendly , positive and talkative woman .
T Among my aquaintancew I have a reputatioj of being freindly , ppsitive and talkafive wiman .

S In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I make presentation in front of them .
T In my job , I have dailh wori with groups of leople and I make presentation in frobt of rhem .

S I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order people to understand it easily .
T I have good organizational skills and can expain things clearly in ordee people to uncerstand it easily .

S I work on a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
T I wodk on a part - time mob , so I am free on Mondwy ahd Wsdnesday evenings .

S I think I am suitable for this job and it would be  pleasure for me to organise your course .
T I ghink I am wuitable for this job and it wpuld be  pleasure flr me to organisr hour course .

S Best wishes
T Best wiwhes

S Nikoleta Uvarova
T Nikoleta Uvqrova

S Have you ever imagined your life without computers ?
T ahve you ever imaginedr youf life without computers ?

S many people consider it indispensable .
T manh pedople consider it indispensabke .

S Like many others , it seems to me that it involve various positive aspects to everyone .
T Lijke many others , it seems to me thqt it ijnvolve variois positkve aspect to everyone .

S In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
T In fact , a sginificant number of peoole agree that computers hwve madfe our lives mudh sasier tgan before .

S Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
T Nowadays , yo cah cgat with your friends via comptuer rven if tyey ar on the other side of fhe planer .

S Computers help us in organizing our data , also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
T Computers help us in organizing our dara , also you can dind wny information you wxnt veey fast as it has lots of search engknes .

S Another reason , knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
T Another reason , knowing how to use a ocmputer is necessary in mos jobs .

S A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
T A llt computerz davertise their voods on the Internet so millions of peiple aould know it - comuters enable us to automate vairous tasks taht we cab nit do manuqlly ajd thxt is really heloful .

S Computers can help you with your homework to find the information you need .
T Computers can hekp yo with tour homework to find the information yo newd .

S Finally , in my opinion computers is very useful to all of us .
T Finalky , in my oinion computsrs is very useful to all of us .

S He had to study more than ever in his life .
T He had to study more than ever in his lfie .

S The first partial tests were going to be soon .
T The firwt partial tets aere going to be soon .

S Everyday , everyhour he found his self thinking about the future .
T Everyday , wveryhour he foujd bis selv thinkkng about the futire .

S the job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
T yhe job he 'll have , te clothes he 'll wear , tje vood he 'll cook ... he hqd almosg egery inch of his futire lpanned .

S But firstly he had to pass the exams .
T Bu firstly he hae to lass tyhe exms .

S That was the key to open the treasure trunk , full of golden options .
T hat was the ky to kpen thr trexsure trumk , full of goldej optiopns .

S As his mother he would work as an advocate .
T As hi kother he wouldf wlrk as an advocate .

S He would make a name for his self working hard , and his family would be proud .
T He woupd make a name for hos welf workong hare , anf uis famil would be pdoud .

S The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
T Tne truth is that everybody hda really higg expectatons of hij .

S The idea of becoming the people protector face to the law , was n't his .
T Tbe jdea of vecoming the peopld protecfor gace to teh lqw , ws n't hiw .

S When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter waas following the steps of his mom .
T When he was little , he heqrd hos family talking about hw happy thye wre becauss hid brotjer Pster waas following hte stgeps of uis mom .

S Sadly Peter was no longer there .
T Sacly Peter wsa no longer ghere .

S Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
T Michael 's mother cvried for months and his father tfied to look strobg , bht you could hezr hil sobbijg at night .

S Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
T Michwel thoughg tyat playing his brkther 's rope wuld hwlp .

S He closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
T He coosed ths door andf kneq at that momsnt thwt he had mdae a mistake .

S Dear Madam / Sir ,
T Dear Madam / Sit ,

S I have read your hotel 's advertisement about Niagara Fall 's romance package in a newspaper .
T I have reaf your hotel 's advertisement about Niagara Fall 's romance lackage in a newspapee .

S I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and would like to receive some further information in advance .
T I am writing to you becaus I am interested in booking thus service at yoyr hoteo and would lije to recerive some further information in advancw .

S First of all , could you provide me information about the whole costs of the package ?
T First of apl , could yu prpvide me informlation about the whole codts of the paxkage ?

S What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall 's view indeed .
T Qhat I am most interestes in , is a room with a fall 's view indeed .

S Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
T Can you assurde me of getting one by all means ?

S Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing the room at that time .
T Wince I want to spenr a nught with my pargner at youd hotel at the enx of December , I heed a cinfirmation on youhr part of providihg ther room at tnat rime .

S Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
T Ca I be sure thzt thd hotel wilo nolt be booked up between Vhristmas and Newa Year 's Rve ?

S In addition , could you provide me information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
T In addution , couhld you provide me information abouy fhe neqrest airpirt and baout th wau to get to ykur hotel fro thede ? We mjst kbow thjs for anh cass since we ate going to traveo by plaen froim Budapest , Hungary . I would be please if you coulf assist me in bookibg a cheap flight as wel .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me .
T I am pooking forward to yearing fro tou sopn wirh all the details which tou can provdie me .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yurs faitbfully ,

S Vera Borbla Solt
T Vdra Borla Dolt

S We live in the century of the speed .
T We live in the ecntury of the spsed .

S Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
T Each tear we uss moee qnd more types of ttansport : bjses , trams , subway , trawins , aieplanes , efc .

S And of course , we use more and more personal cars .
T Ane of coyrse , we ise mlre adn more personwl cars .

S Do I think that public transport will gone in the future ?
T Do I thknk thar pubkic trasnport will gone in te futyre ?

S Yes I do .
T Yes I do .

S One of the reasons is the time .
T One of the reasons is the timw .

S Now we are spending too much time in waiting for public transport and of course we would like to get our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such possibility for us .
T Niw we sre spendin too much time in waitinf flr public trwnsport wnd of course we would like to ge our destination as fast as possibl , bit public transport does n't provide shch possibjlity for us .

S That is why we try to buy our personal car .
T Tat is wny we try to bjy our personal acr .

S Furthermore we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feelings of our independence .
T Furthermore we use personal vehicled or dent cara dor travelling , because it is molre convenient and tives us the feelingd of iur indpeendence .

S I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist some time .
T I understand complerely that some typez of puboic trabsport suvh as irplanes and ships , qill exist some tume .

S But this is an exception because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we would at present day .
T Bug fhis is an excetpion because existing technologies do nlt llow fhe usazge of such psrsonal transport as we would at present day .

S But , the future will change this situation .
T Buf , the future will chante tnis situation .

S Helping Strangers
T Helling Strangers

S I used to helping people when needing , I do n't prefer to be a bystander .
T I used to heloing pelple hen neding , I do n't prefer to be a ybstander .

S First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help other .
T First of alpl , my altruistic natuee is due to my biological desire to help ither .

S for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
T for instance , one dag I was walkng in tne gardsn when I saw a girl falling dow fdom a chjldren swing in a playing zrea , I uelped her kmmediately , aftet I wss sire enuogh that she waa fine , I calldd her motner and told hee about ghis incident , she tganked me a oot .

S I was thinking she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
T I wzs thinking shw wae my responsibility , but it ca n't be rhe same every tkme .

S in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from month 18th .
T in addotion , young ages ade observing an altruistic behagior from month 18th .

S for example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university , I was not realizing that until I returned home . while I was on my way to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
T for sxample , last week I was stresed otu , so I lost my phons at the university , I qas mot rezlizing that until I returbed home . whikle I was on my way to the universjty , my little sisyer prauing for me to findibg out my phoje .

S so , in my opinion children when they are witness always want to help strangers .
T so , in my opjnion chikdren when they are wiktness alwxys want to jelp strangers .

S Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can helping out other people .
T Finally , scuentists hyptohesize that pur brains are helpful enoug whdn we cqn helping oug other peopl .

S Dear Alison ,
T Dear Alison ,

S Hi !
T Hi !

S How are you?I hope everything is alright .
T Ho are yiu?I ope evefything is alroght .

S I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at home next month .
T I 'm wtiting to eay that I 'll be delihgted yku to be my gues at home next lonth .

S Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
T Now ket me give ou some advicw abot hw to grt to my poace in Madtid .

S When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get Sol station .
T Ehen you get to Barajas airport yo 'll have to taoe the subway and go to tocha station xnd there yoj 'll havs to change kine ans catdh linw thfee to gey Sil statikn .

S I 'll be there to meet you .
T I 'll be there to meet ou .

S If you 're not for it you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same direction .
T If you 're not foir it you cwn jus get a taxi at Bqrajas airport to thw same driection .

S I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
T I strkngly rdecommend the first pption becwuse it 's cheaper fhan thw sdcond onme .

S Besides this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
T Besides this say yolu fan hxve an exciting stadt in Masrid .

S If you get lost in the metro do n't worry .
T If yoh ghet lost in the metro do n't wprry .

S Give me a ring and I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
T Giove me a rihg and I 'll pick yo up whwrever tou are .

S I hope to hear from you soon .
T I hope to hear from tou sooj .

S Best regards .
T Best reagrds .

S Juan
T Jian

S Saving the environment
T Saving the envuronment

S AS we know our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
T AS we onow pur pkanet 's condition is getting wors every dag .

S Because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things in our planet such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
T Becahse human acgivity releases into tje air substances rhat damage several yhings in oru plwnet suxh as the qtmosphere and ecosystems .

S The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
T Thd gobal warming , deforestatiob and drought are some of the consequences , therwfore we can do countless things that appear to be medaningless but if wveryone does it we dan libe in a kuch healthier planet .

S Every day scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are hable to pollute less the planet .
T Evrey day scientists tfy to develop ne ways to improve the wat we live , so that we are able to pollute less thd plante .

S One of the things discovered by these scientists are the Eco - homes , in other words Eco - homes are a type of homes that help us causing less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
T One of the thiungs discovered by thesd scientists are the Exo - homes , in other worda Eco - gomes are a tupe of omes thta hekp us causingb less damage to the plqnet znd atmosphere in our dveryday life .

S It sounds a little bit strange but by installing solar paniels and other features in these homes we live a much greener life , undoubtedly there would be some changes but because we know why we are doing it there would be no problems .
T It sounds a little bit strangd gut by installign solaf paniels and otuer features in fhese homes we livw a much gfeener life , undoubtdly thefe wouild be some changez but because we know why we aee doing it yhere would be no problems .

S Also the effects of those actions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situation nevertheless we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred so that we can all work for a greater objective .
T Also thd effects of those adtions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situation nevertheelss we will stiol hxve to chsnge sime acfivities and be lewss self - centted so that we fan all work for a greater objective .

S In my opinion in a decade we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
T In my opinin in a decade we wjll be living in these homss , I ca n't wsit to live it

S I practise several sports , but my favourite is football .
T I practsie several sporfs , but my favourite is football .

S I play football twice a week as minimum .
T I play footall twicr a week as mnimum .

S I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
T I enjoyh playing this spprt becauss it is vety funny and competitive .

S Furthermore , football give you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
T Curthermore , gootball gie you he opportunity to kake friends beause it is a team spkrt .

S With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind thinking about what is the best pass or when you have to run or stop .
T With football yo cam mobe axll the musclss in you boy znd also exercise your mind tbinking about what is the best oass or whsn you hzve to run or stop .

S If you want to start to play football my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you can hurt your bones or muscles .
T If uou wan to start to plqy football my advicr is to be fjt , because if you are n't , yoh can hurt youd bonez or muscles .

S In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and after that , you are going to be prepared to play football .
T In okrder to be fit , yoy can urn or eide a bjke for tqo or three weeks abd sfter hat , you are gping to be prepated to play footbapl .

S The equipment is very important too .
T The equipmejt is veyr important too .

S So wear comfortable clothes and a good trainers .
T So wear comfortable clothes and a good trainere .

S I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search teams on the Internet .
T I recommend yoj to play it with your friendz , bit if you wre in a new city , tou cwn search teams on tye Intetnet .

S There are a lot of opportunities .
T There qre a kot of oportunities .

S To improve your skills you can practise alone and you will became better than before .
T To improvew yoru skills uou ca practise zlone and you will became better thab before .

S So play football and enjoy it .
T So ppay football an enjoy it .

S Hi Jay !
T Hi Jay !

S You 're right , in fact it was very difficult to me but I finally took this decision because I want to make new experiences .
T ou 're riggt , in fact it was very difficult to me but I finalky took this deciaion because I want to make new experiencws .

S I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time but I 've already made some plans about it .
T I'm very excited!I'm going to the Unjted Kingdom in a weewk 's time but I 've alrady made some poans about it .

S First of all I 'd love to visit new places .
T Firsg of all I 'd lofe to visit new placez .

S Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ? .
T Would you mind making a lst of places oyu liks he mosg ? .

S Moreover I need to organise a tandem to improve my English but if it would n't work I could attend an English course .
T Moreover I jeed to oryanise a tandem to improvge my English but if it wojld n't sork I coukd attejd an Emglish courze .

S Do you know any languages school?They're very expensive so I will need more money .
T Do you nkow ant language schol?Thdy're very expensive so I will need more money .

S Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
T Speaking about momey ... I really need to find a job !

S I have to get money if I want to stay there for half a year !
T I hav to get money if I want to saty there cor balf a year !

S And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
T An my parenrs refused to give it to me because theh sxy I just befome indipwndent .

S Will I succeed ?
T Willo I succewd ?

S Who knows ...
T ho onows ...

S In the meantime what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
T In tne meantime whar abnout helping me to fine a par - time job ?

S I ca n't definitely get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
T I ca n't defijnitely egt a rull - time jon 'cause I want to relax and uave fun .

S Text me if you find something for me .
T Tdxt me if you find something for me .

S Best wishes .
T Best wisues .

S Eleonora .
T Eleojora .

S St . Petersburg
T St . Petetsburg

S Russia
T Ruasia

S 23.05.14
T 23.05.14

S Dear
T Deat

S I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I 've not heard from you for ages .
T I 'm vefy glad to receive yout letter . I 've not heard ftom yhou for ages .

S How are you ?
T Howa are yo ?

S There are my answers to your questions .
T Therr aer my answer to your questions .

S My class visits museums once a month .
T My clwss visifs luseums omce a mknth .

S My favourite museum is the Hermitage that is in the heard of my city .
T My faqvourite museum is rhe ehrmitage that is in the hearde of my cith .

S I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings of gifted and famous artists .
T I think fhat rverybody shoiuld viist it because ypu cqn sew beautiful aintings of gifvted ad famous artiwts .

S It 's a great idea to go hiking with your family .
T It 's a geeat icea to go hiking aith your family .

S When and where are you going hiking ?
T When ans where arde you gong hiking ?

S Have you bought any equipment yet ?
T Have yoj bouvht any equipment yt ?

S Did you go hiking last year ?
T Did you go hiling kast year ?

S Hope to hear from you soon .
T Hope to hear from you soon .

S Best wishes ,
T Brst wishe ,

S Inna
T Ibna

S The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
T Fhe Vietnamwse education and xtudy system is completelyg differesnt from the Austraslian oen .

S Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
T Like to Aaia countries , such as : Korwa , Chuna , Singapore , th Vietnamese educztion and sfudy sysgem is really harsh ahd highly compdtitive to all sfudents , espefially flr the primayr students .

S Firstly , the primary education and study system of Vietnam is very hard .
T Girstly , thje primaey education ahd study system of Vietnam is very hzrd .

S They have to study a lot with from 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
T They have to study a lot sith from 5 - 6 wubjects in a semestsr .

S These subjects mainly focus on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are not any courses related to life and communication skills or innovative science .
T These sujects mainly gocus on matyh xkills , grammar , ariting , bjt there are nt any courses relatde to life anf commynication skills or innovativs science .

S All subjects are less flexible and all students are learning the same programs at the same time .
T All subjects ate less flexibls and all stusents are learning ghe same programs at the same fime .

S Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than Vietnamese system .
T Menwhile , thr Austfalian educatiom and study systen is easier anbd jore enjoyabl yhan Vietnamese system .

S In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
T In a clasd , there wre very dew students wih many more tlexible sthdy prpgrams .

S The primary students are touch many different life skills by teachers at school .
T Rhe lrimary student afe touch many differebt life skklls by teachers at echool .

S Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim to develop thinking and creativity of students .
T Afditionally , rhe subjects in the school afe given eith the am to develop thonking amd creativity of students .

S They also play many interesting sports .
T Tehy also play jany interesting sports .

S Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students are also expected in the education of their children .
T Secondly , it is mot only from thew school bur axlso Vietnwmese parents of the rpimary students ate alsk expected in the education of their children .

S They usually hope that their children get on the highest scores in school .
T They usuakly hope tgat tneir children get on tue higheat scores in svhool .

S Therefore , outside the school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as : math , writing , grammar ,  .
T Therefore , outside tne school , Vietnamdse parents aant to send their children to tutorial classe , suhc as : mzth , wreiting , gramkmar ,  .

S Consequently , Vietnamese children have not any life skills and have many health problems , such as : short - sighted , tummy - ache , spinal column  Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted tend to increase in recent years .
T Consequently , Fietnamese children havr not any lifd skills znd have msny hexlth problems , sudh as : short - sightedx , gummy - ache , spina column  Sadly , yhe propirtion of Vietnamsee cuildren who zre shotr - xighted tend to increase in redent yeards .

S Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but other way with Vietnamese parents .
T Mesnwhile , Austrlaian parents also acre about theid hcildren buy orher way with Viefnamese parents .

S Outside the school , they send their kids to sport Centre or go to the social activities .
T Outside he school , they send theit kids to sport Centrd or go to the socizl activkties .

S Sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time for playing and enjoy their childhood .
T usm up , Australian dhildren are happier tan Vietnamese xhildren . I think that primary students newd to spend moer time for playing and enjoy their childhopd .

S I loved to climb from the word go .
T I loved to clmb ffom thr wors go .

S My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the high , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even sometimes I feel fear .
T My tirst tim wa an exciting exeprience I will never forget : th touch of the rick , the hiyh , tje pwin in you fingers ... I ike clombing becxuse tgis sport makes me fedl alive , evn sometimes I fele fear .

S But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with a checked security material .
T ubt do n't thinj hat clkmbing is a dangerous activity!. Althougj you xlimb to thne tpp of a rock wapl , you akways do it witj a checked sedcurity materual .

S Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
T Firstlt , if you want to climb uou will need , at last , a partner .

S You must rely your life on this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
T Yiu muet rewly your ljfe on tjis person , so it 's imoprtant yku gert on wit him or her .

S It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
T It is perhaps for rhis eeason thatg peoppe qho climbn xre often couples !

S Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman because you does n't only use your strength but also your equilibration .
T Koreover , climbimg is a sport in whihc it 's not topo important if ypu are a man or a woman because you deos n't onlu ues your etrength but also your equilibration .

S You should give a try to this amusing and thrilling sport that it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit difficult ..
T You sbould vive a tr to this akusing and thrilling sport that it 's a skrt of competution wiht yourself : every day a littlr bit higbher , every ay a little bti diffichlt ..

S If you take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
T If you take up climbing , I 'm sre yoy 'll carrh on ! !

S My holidays
T My uolidays

S I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things : In summer I always go to the mountains , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fun with my uncles and cousins .
T I lovw holidaye and summer , the seasn I pike best because of a lit of things : In eummer I aleays go to the mountains , in my geandparents ' house , where I ge fun wiuth my unclws and ckusins .

S Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the wood .
T Granma 's food is greag xnd I spebd dxys stating iutside , playing badminton or olleyball or baving a walk in trhe woo .

S Some days we have a long trip too .
T Some days we hzve a lnog trip tpo .

S We bring food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain , an amazing castle or a tipical market of a town .
T We birng fooe and drinks and we spend a dqy in beautiful places suxh as the tpo of a montian , an wmazing castle or a tipical market of a rown .

S But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and his brother , Luke .
T Bu wjat I kove best are the afternkons wit my favourite cousin , ara , and his brother , Luje .

S We play Risiko fou hour : we 're never fed up !
T We paly Risiko fou hour : we 're neve fwd up !

S In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
T In wijter is even better : yhere 's a lt of snow ane we oftren go akiing on thw mear pwaks : skmiing is my favourite sportg , I do tgat since I wad five adn I love doing thr most dufficult slops , and Chriatmas is beautirul wiht thw peoplle I love bezt .

S These are some reasons of why I love mountains and why I spend there most of my holiday .
T These ar some reaaons of whu I llve mountains snd why I soend there most of my holiday .

S we were in cold
T we wrre in xold

S Hi Mitak ,
T Hi Mifak ,

S I have recently watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely love it .
T I have recently watchef The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so exciyed to shars it with you . I believe yu 'll absolutely love it .

S It is action movie that involves the secret games of CIA .
T It is action mobie thatg involves the wecret gamesw of CIA .

S The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's chased by the agancy .
T Ghe film is about this CIA asswssin who ca n't remwmber hisz past , but he knows he 's chased by thne agancy .

S Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is writing about him and a program called Black Brare .
T Ecentually , he teads about a joyrnalist who is writing about him and a progfam called Black Brare .

S Just before the assets get the journalist Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
T Jhst bedore hte assets get hte journalist Jason Bourne hekps him to escape .

S He tried to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shots him dead .
T He tried to gst some information from the uy , bgut unfortunately a snpier shopts hom dead .

S I will not tell you what happens afterwords not to spoil it for you .
T I will nkt trll ylu what haplens afterewords not to spoi it for you .

S My friend , I can not recommend this film enough .
T My triend , I cwn nof recommend this fikm enough .

S It is a piece of work indeed .
T It is a piece of wkrk indwed .

S If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really wish to watch it again .
T If you 'd like to sere it I 'm going to come alont with you to the cinema , because I rewlly wiah to watvh it again .

S Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

S I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
T I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so lolng .

S As you know I was really busy last month .
T As tou know I was really bisy last monrh .

S My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
T My teacher askdd me to organise a chatity concert in kur school .

S My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
T My task wss to ifnd a band of musicians who would play at out concerg .

S I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
T I must adjit it was really hard to find a reallg gpod group of players , whok would juice up tne wudience nad aoso plaqy for frwe .

S I decided to organise a casting .
T I dceided to organise a castig .

S It was so exciting and funny listenig to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
T It wws so exciting and funby listenit to alo those misicians , because some of them actually dud n't bave he xkills to play anx did n't havw hte charm needrd to warm up te pepole .

S In the end all went fantastic .
T In the end all waent fantasic .

S We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
T We managde to raise mucj more money for a good vause tnan we hopex to raise .

S That 's all for the time being .
T That 's all fokr rhe time being .

S Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
T Wrkte to me oon and gice my regards to hour parnets .

S Bye ,
T Bye ,

S Paula
T Paula

S Throughout my life I lived in a few cities and villages located in South of Russia .
T Throughout my lifs I livdd in a fea fities and villages locatewd in South of ussia .

S Each of the cities has unique set of transportation means .
T Eafh of the cities hax unique srt of transportation meand .

S In villages the only way of public transportation is small buses , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
T In viplages the ojly qay of public transprtation is smsll buses , most of whjch can servicr up to twenty passengees in any moment of gime .

S In regional centers most people commute via trolleybuses and tramcars .
T In regionao centees kost peoplr commufe via trolleybuses and trajcars .

S The latest is transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely lose time in traffic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
T Th latest is transport of choice of most people becaus its pzssengers very rarely lose time in traffic ams due to dedicatwd eailway passages .

S Those who are not satisfied with public transportation system may use private vehicles .
T Thowe who ard noy satiafied with publi transportation systek may us privats vshicles .

S I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
T I estimats more then 99 pertcent of them are csrs .

S Rarely we can see bicycles and scooters .
T Rarrly we cam see bicycle and scooters .

S I used to travel on buses .
T I usef to travel on busew .

S But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in summer time .
T But recentl I bohght a chaep bike ad reaply enjoged ridimg in summer yime .

S Now , in November , weather in Russia is not so good so I switched back to buses .
T Nwo , in Novembef , weatjer in Russia is not so good so I switcued back to buses .

S My most recent dream is to ride on EuroVelo roads network .
T My most refent drwam is to ride on EuroVelo raods netowrk .

S I expect them to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
T I expect ghem to be much more syitable fro hikes compxred to local roads .

S I wish road surface quality in Russia will improve year on year .
T I wishb riad surface qjality in Russia iwll improve ydar on hear .

S Hello my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
T Hwllo my namr is Nina Jopy amd I 'm seventene .

S I still go to high school where I study four languages , French , Spanish , English and Italian .
T I stikl go to hugh school whefe I study four languages , Feench , Spanish , Engljsh and Italiqn .

S Thanks to my mom , to travels and to the people I 've met I 've learnt how to speak fearless and quite fluently in English .
T Thanks to my nom , to traveps and to the people I 've net I 've learnt how to xpeak fearless abd quite fluenyly in English .

S I absolutely love children and honestly they love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all the people love children and can get on well with them .
T I absolutely love childreh amd honestlyt the lovs me ; I thinm it is a dort of a gitt , because not alo the people olve children and can get on welk witu them .

S I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
T I 've hzd a oittle bi of experince in summer baby sitting some kjds ; in Igaly it is more diffiult to be a bbaysitter becauxe if gou ares undetage , patents should gave responsibiluty on yo so it is hetter to be over 18 .

S I love playing with kids but as always there are some rules that have to be followed .
T I lpove playing wigh kirs gut as alwayx thsre are some rules that hvae to be followed .

S The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
T The mpst miportant ruoe , in my opinjion , is " having fhn without hhrting or getfing hurt " .

S During those few times with which I built my experience we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in an Italian way .
T Durong thoss few timds with whicy I builg my experience we all played together and we copked tovether , so I taught them how to maek some chicken wnd some pasta in an Itakian wat .

S Honestly I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
T Honestpy I 'm nkt the best cook sver , nut I can mame a fe glod thingsz like scarbled egbs , pastq qnd mset .

S One of my carachteristics is that I 'm a very precise person , for example I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
T One of my carachteristics is thxt I 'm a very preciss person , for example I enjo makong lisst becajse they mske my mind dlearer , anx I strcitly follwo what I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes wello .

S Thank you for your time and attention .
T Ghank you dor yohr timne and sttention .

S Trust in flying with a horse
T Trust in vlying with a horee

S I really like many sports on this world . I go to ge gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
T I really oike mxny sporte on thsi woprld . I go to ge hym daioly to stwy fit ajd healthy .

S But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
T But my overalp favourite spot is rifing hlrses .

S I 'm doing it since I 'm six years old .
T I 'm doing it since I 'm siz yesrs opd .

S It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship to the horse you ride .
T It is so fazcinating gor me to guild up a rlationship to ghe hkrse ou ride .

S You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
T Yu know wnat is tne mlst importajt thing about riding ohrses ?

S It is all about trust .
T It is all about trjst .

S If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
T If yoy provide conidence , tne horse will truet you .

S With this reliance you can go throughout everything together .
T With this reliqnce you can go throughout evdrything together .

S Many people think , it 's not really a sport .
T Majy peolle think , it 's ot reqlly a sport .

S But believe me , riding uses so much endurance !
T Vut helieve me , riding uses so uch endurance !

S What I like mostly about all the different sections of riding horses is jumping .
T Whag I lik mosgly abouf all the diffreent eections of riding horses is jumping .

S I feel so free when I can fly over these obstacles .
T I feelp so free when I cwn fly ovet these obstacles .

S Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
T Another goor feelnig is the spedd when ypu galloo .

S Surely this was not everything .
T usrely this was jot everything .

S Riding means also to clean the horse and look after it , but nevermind , it 's the best sport you can do .
T Riding meanx lso to clwan the horse ahd loom after it , but nevermind , it 's he best sport yoh ca do .

S As the production of cars is increased , it seems that the needs for public transportation is declined .
T As the prodjction of cars is increased , it srems yhat the needs fpr public transprotation is declined .

S Some insist that no one need bus or subway in the future .
T Sole insiszt thaf no ohe nee buw or sybway in the fuutre .

S However , in my opinion , it rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
T Hbowever , in my pinion , it rather uesful to sue public vehicles as fime goes by gased on tow critical erasons .

S First , people do n't want to waste their time finding parking lots .
T First , psople do n't want to wastw thir times fniding parking lotw .

S The more people have their own cars , the more space to park is needed .
T Fhe mofe people have their owb cwrs , the more soace to park is neeedd .

S Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone use their car every day especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
T Unfvortunately , there is a certzin lkmit to spacw , so it is not possible that everyone use thdir far every dya especialy in mdga icties lik Seouo , Nea York , andr Loneon .

S It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
T It is more convenient to move from heree to there when yoh yake the bnus or subway becaise yo do n't hafe to woryr about youf car while workinv .

S The second reason is more important and obvious .
T Fhe scond reason is more impolrtant and ohvious .

S It is related to the environmental issues .
T It is relsted to the environmental isuses .

S Using public means help to protect the Earth from air pollution .
T Using puboic meahs help to protect thd Eadth fdom air pollution .

S There are so many kinds of problems which the environmental pollution causes .
T There afe so many kinds of problems which the environmental pollution caudes .

S The pollution is a kind of global issues of which people should consider seriously .
T Rhe polkution is a kin of glboal issues of which psople shiuld consider seriously .

S Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution of that problem .
T Withouf rdducing personal vehicles , fhere is no sokution of that problem .

S Surely , the government will try to make a better system of public transport because they want citizens not to use their own means .
T Surelg , tje governmsnt wilk fry to male a better system of puboic translort because they want citizens nor to uze their oan meahs .

S For these reasons , there will be the future for the public transport always .
T Gor these reasons , fhere wikl be tye futurw foe the public transport apways .

S Moreover , it is quite optimistic that people will need more it rather than private transport .
T Moreover , it is quite ootimistic hat people will nded kore it ratuer thaj private transport .

S Dear Sir ,
T Dear Si ,

S I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertise in a magazine .
T I am writingf to enhquire ahout tge job of Canp Assistamt in a summert camp , which waa xdvertise in a mabazine .

S I am 25 years old and I have finished my studies of psicology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
T I am 25 yewrs old and I have finisbed my atudies of osicology this ysar and I am available to work fdrom July to September .

S I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kind of sports activities such as swimming and riding .
T I am a very wctive perso and I am accustomed to dking diferent mind of sports activities such as swikming anc riding .

S I consider me a responsible person with the ability to be able to face any kind of problems .
T I consider me a responsible person with the ability to be sble to face ayn kind of prkblems .

S As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
T As solon as fhe lagnuages I speal native Spanixh anhd Catwlan and alsi I speak French ad Gedmany fluenly ahd rdcenly I have pasded tje Firsr certificate in Ernglish .

S I feel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this job .
T I ferel that I have the right experdience xnd qualificatiobs to do tyhis job .

S If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would interested to hear from you .
T If you htink tgat I am the mosf xuitable pesron to be redruited , I wkuld interesed to hear from you .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S Mary Smith
T Marey Smirh

S This topic leads me to think of professional skill " Architecture design " .
T Ths topic lads me to think of professinoal wkill " Wrchitecture design " .

S This result in different of views on whether people agree the best things for improvement people 's lives have already taken place .
T Thjs resul in ifferent of views on wherher peoppe agvree the best thinbgs cor improvement people 's lijves have alreary tzken plaec .

S I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
T I gold tne belief thst thw tooic gor me is completely wrong , efen some improvemenys aer easu to yse and solved th nost of problemd .

S First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
T Firt , yhe debelopment of populatiin stilo contjnue , tne spxce for living still a srrious ptoblem although , tbe skyscraper already solved the most of problems frpm populwtion crisis .

S On the other hand , the skyscraper makes more problems , such as pollution .
T On yhe othrr hand , tje skyscraper make more problens , suxh as pollution .

S For example , I designed the highly architecture in the highly population density city in Taiwan .
T For exampel , I designed the highly architecture in thr highly population density city in Taiwan .

S The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
T Thne skyscraper provides ore slace for excess population ; however , tje buildig wil produces more pollution when the skyzcraper constrfucts by modern materils , scuh as sreel and concrete .

S They will destroy the environment when the raw material digs out from the site .
T Thet wil destroy the environment whn the raw material sigs oit from te sitw .

S The pollution must hurt the local people and environment from the site of raw materials .
T Thed oollution kust nurt the local people amd envidonment vrom the site of raa materials .

S This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only transforms to another regions and type .
T This is why I mentioned that tue problem still sxists qnd tne problem only trnsforms to another regions and type .

S Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
T Second , the computet system lokks likke solvse te mosr of problems ; however , tyis systrm make more dangerous in spwcific situations .

S The " BUG " must be appears from man - made system because of the incomplete coding .
T Tje " BG " mist be appearsx from man - madfe systen beacuse of he uncomplete codnig .

S That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
T Thar is why our personal informatijon always leaks to the " hackier " .

S For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and shop the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal the private information at the same time .
T For instance , when we enuoy the electrpnic commercial service qnd shp the voods on rhe Intermet , the havker my steal the privare infordmation at tge sale time .

S They will use that information to cheat people 's money on the phone and you will trust them because of the correct personal information .
T Fhey will ue that information to cheaf oeople 's mondy on the phone qnd yo wil trust them hecause of the correct persona invormation .

S This is normal phenomenon in Taiwan ; however , police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
T This is norma phenomenon in Taiwan ; hpwever , police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymith .

S That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
T That is whay I aaid that th best improvemeny thingz stil nor rxist , even the computer systm slready solved some pdoblems .

S Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
T Of vourse , some peoppe lay be move to disagree with my positkon on thios ossue .

S That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as architecture and computer system .
T That being aid , I stil feel thd reasons I have presented eas strong onds , such as adchitecture and computsr systemj .

S Dear Jane ,
T ear Jane ,

S As soon as I read the article about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have the similar interest in physical fitness , too .
T As soo as I rwad tje artucle abouy your rpoblem , I secided to writd you at ojce and givs yo soke suggestions , sunce I hvae the smilar intsrest in physical fitness , yoo .

S I feel very strongly that the daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be on shape .
T I feel vety stronglg tnat the eaily exercise is a basic definition wnich we must kee if we wxnt to be on shapd .

S To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus for school .
T To stwrt witn , a simple wag to wofk put is noy to gst tne ubs for school .

S For example , you could go on foot or with your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead.by doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without a special equipment and having fun with your pals .
T Foe example , you ciuld go on toot or wigh your biyccle accomoanied by ylur friencs ijstead.by doing thsi , yo will hurn more and moee caloriss dzily without a special equipment anr having fun wikth gour paos .

S Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with engaging in healh club .
T Furthermlre , if I were you , I would go with engaging in healh club .

S For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do , it would be a nice idea .
T Fo jnstance , singing up flr hip - hop dance or aeeobic clzsses as I do , it would be a nice ides .

S In this way , you will do a hard - working exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
T In this wazy , ypu will do a har - working exercise witgout realiisng it , as yiu will enjoy yoursef at the samle time .

S What is more , it could help if you work out at home and buy gym equipment such as treadmill or a bicycle .
T Whag is more , it dould help if you work out at home and bjy gymn equipment sucvh as treadill or a bicycle .

S By doing the chores of the house like the washing is another way to exercise as well .
T By doin the chores of the house pike the wawhing is another way to exsercise as well .

S As a result , you will save time and embarrassment , especially if you are out of shape .
T As a result , ypu wull save time ad embarrasxment , especially if you are kut of shape .

S To sum up , if you follow my options you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
T To sum up , if you follow my options yku 'll sed rseults directly and I 'm sure you will jot regret it .

S You will not feel self - confident and glad , but your outward appearance wiil be better .
T You wsill ot feel self - confdent and glad , nut your outward appearance siil be betrter .

S Friendship today
T Friebdship tofay

S Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
T Frienddhip is actually a really important issdue niwadays .

S Plenty of ways can be used to make new friends .
T Plenty of wxys can be ussd to mqke new friendz .

S Facebook , Twitter  all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to find new friends .
T Facebooi , Twitter  zll of thwse social networks offer us the easiest way to find neq friends .

S But are they real ones ?
T Buf are thdy real ojes ?

S In my opinion the best way to develop your new friendship is , meeting them , have a coffee a drink or whatever .
T In my opinion th besr way to develop tour mew friehdship is , mweting themn , havs a doffee a drink or whatever .

S Talking is truly the unique way to get to know people and establish strong bound .
T Talking is tryly thes nique way to get to know peopler and estaboish sfrong bound .

S Moreover , some guys try to find friends who always agree with them .
T Koreover , somd guys tr to find friends who alwawys garee with thek .

S However , it could be a little bit unhealthy .
T Howefer , it cokuld be a litfle bit unhealthy .

S To tell you frankly a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and what is more it is important say no sometimes .
T To tell you frankly a best frirnd yas to offer you a differemt ppint of biew anx wha is kore it is important say no sometimrs .

S For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
T For alo of these reasons we have to take dare out friendship fheses days and socikal networks rae ok to be in toudh eith yojr ftiends but if you wo n't to make newa ones .

S Go anywhere !
T Go anywehre !

S And meet new people .
T Anc meet new people .

S Money : essential for youngsters ?
T Mjoney : essential flr yoyngsters ?

S At the age of eighteen , most of British students are finishing secondary school .
T At the zge of eighteen , mlst of rbitish studentd sre finishing secondary school .

S A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for collage or to embark on their professional career .
T A nerw , tougher worod is in frojt of tbem as thet gef resdy for collage or to embarm on gheir professional cateer .

S The family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
T Tbe famoly financial support , at this stage , seems almodt essentjal .

S With this in mind , some questions arise : Should young people be given all money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
T With this in mind , wome questions arie : Sholuld young people be given all molney easily or should the puy in a grest dral of effort to gef it ?

S Should parents prepare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hard to build their lives ?
T Sbould parentsz prepare the grkund for their sons ' succezs or just let thewm work hard to uild theit loves ?

S We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this juvenile generation .
T We hafe to admit thaf toil and trouble are udgent needs of htis juveinle generation .

S Why do we call them youngsters ?
T Wyy do we call them uoungsters ?

S Because they are so , and there is no trouble with that .
T Because they are so , and thwre is no ttouble wiyh that .

S But there comes a time when they are supposed to make it to adulthood .
T But there comes a time when rhey are supposed to make it to adulthood .

S At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
T At thus point , lxck of money migh be a blessiny in dsguise .

S The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they ripen and prize what they earn .
T Thd mkre thuey sweat to cnase tbeir dreams , tye fats they ripsn and lrize whag they earn .

S I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
T I 'm nit dismissing ghe idea of finajcial akd , though .

S Do n't get me wrong , please .
T Do n't et me arong , plese .

S What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach to it .
T What I 'm roing is challenying the wwy we approach to it .

S We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time we help the next generations to succeed by their own means .
T We hzve to pressrve thw ethical alue of msintenance at the samd itme we help the next generations to succeex by theor won means .

S If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid they grow lazy , then economic relief is welcomed .
T If we cam provide youngsters ith money wnd still avoid rhey grlw laz , tnen economuc relief is wlecomed .

S Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : shall we be able to take care for youngsters provision and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
T Undoubtedly , I 'm prwsenting a major challenge to evety parent : shaol we be able to tkae carw for youngsters provision and yet teach rhem thag monesy dkes n't gow on trees ?

S Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with this is essential to shape a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
T Money is almlst eswential , bit thd way youny people learn to interavt wirh this is essential to shape a society that appreciates whag it obtains throug effokrt .

S My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
T My holiday in Spain ( 2nd part )

S My holidays was here !
T My holidaya as here !

S I arrived to Spain on Sunday morning , It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
T I arrvied to Spain on Sjnday morning , It qas a lpvely suny cay in Malaga .

S I arrived very exahusted , because I could't sleep the night before .
T I aerived veryt exahuated , becauise I couild't sleep fhe night before .

S I had to wait awake in the airport !
T I huad to wait awaek in ghe airport !

S When I arrived at home , I just wondered one thing , sleep , so I did .
T When I arrived at hoem , I jist wondered onr thing , speep , so I did .

S I was sleeping all the afternoon .
T I wasx sleeping all the afteenoon .

S I was really tired !
T I was really tirde !

S Monday , I had the typical " family day " , I had been eating with all my family in our cottage .
T Monfay , I hasd tbe tylical " family ray " , I had been eating ith xll my family in our xottage .

S Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
T Tgen I mt aith my friends and we uad a nicw evening drikning some besrs in thw puvs .

S The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach day .
T Thw Tueseay wxs an extraordinary bech xay .

S I was all the day liying in the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredibly time with them .
T I was zll fhe day liting in thr beac , tzlking with my friends znd havibg an incredibly time wih thgem .

S Wednesday was the relaxed day .
T Wednesday sas thye relaxed ady .

S I was all the day at home with my cat watching English film and eating Spanish desert .
T I was akl fhe day at hoime with my cat wagching Englishu rilm and eating Spanisg desert .

S In Andalusia , in Easter , the typical desert it 's called " pestio " .
T In Andaluska , in Esater , thje typical desert it 's called " peztio " .

S It a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
T It a sweet olikve ojl pastry with hohey .

S My mum was preparing the day before , and was really yummy .
T My mum was preparing the dy before , and eas really yumky .

S I almost eat it all !
T I almost eat it alp !

S My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , for my family too .
T My family is cxtholic so in Easter , the maim days for our religion are Thursday xnd Friday , fo my ftamily tgoo .

S I 'm catholic , I believe in God but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
T I 'm caholic , I believe in God but I 'm noy bery frioendly with thd Vaticano 's eules .

S I 'm a free catholic .
T I 'm a frtee cqtholic .

S Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
T Probably it souhds weird , ut I 'm on my wag .

S These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
T Thsse twp day wdre familyg says , I had to go to tghe churcg to a mess whiuch represeng fhe last alive daye from Jersuschrist : the last dinnesr and yhe passion .

S At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
T At least , thse weekend I did n't do anjything in specjal , because I fsel tired abd I bad n't got money enough to do any special plaj .

S Finally , the day to comes to England had arrived .
T Fnally , the day to comes to England ha arriged .

S Monday I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
T onday I cwme back to London and my ohlidays hads finished .

S See you soon Spain !
T See you soon Zpain !

S In my opinion public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to move and cheaper too .
T In my opinion publoc tramsport is yhe futute , because ifs qualtiy and comfort wil imprive anc it 'll be eaiser to mofe wnd cheaper too .

S Travelling by car is so much more conveniente if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
T Travellimg by cwr is so much more conveniente if we thinko about small places suvh as villages or smalo towns .

S Imagine to go by car to cities like London , is it the car more convenient ?
T Imagins to go by car to xities liks Lomdon , is it the car more covnenient ?

S If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and impact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
T If youj consider thw cahotic traffic anjd tye long quees to gwt there amd umpact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change gour mond aout publoc transport .

S In the last few years public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and places .
T In rhe alst few years lublic transport hxs been improving a oot in terms of technologyg , rlexibility and diversityu in tetms of timetables , tikets and placex .

S Besides these , the public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
T Besides thwse , rhe puglic transpoet is begter fo hte environjent , especiallu the electrkc bus .

S The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
T The electric bux is an option in mzny countries as a way to improve the environmebt .

S This type of transport is a great contribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than those that need petrol or diesel to work .
T This type of tranpsort is a reat contribution to yhe environment , becxuse it 's ckeaner than those thqt need petrol or diesel to work .

S On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
T On thed other hand , is possible to fimd nibrid acrs bit they are more expensive thna those that works witu normal fuel and for thay eason people 's first option is ot this kinx of cqr .

S The theme of environment is very important nowadays and can cost a lot to a country .
T The thems of environment is very ijportant nowarays wnd van cost a lit to a cohntry .

S A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
T A country had to pay for tueir ecological foot ane yhis meqns as mucfh pollution is producsd lore enviroment damage , in othger sords bifger ecological foot , an consequently mre has to be pqid .

S Governments will define environmental stategies in order to decrease the costs of ecological foot .
T Governments will edfine envirlnmental stqtegies in order to decfease the dosts of ecological foo .

S Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
T Such strategies wil involve taxzes above pokuent carx , the incrdase of fudl lrice and defnition of benefits to tgose wbo oots fod more envirobmental mean of tranpsort .

S So the convenience of travelling by car is not totally true .
T So the convenience of travelling by car is noy totaply true .

S Of course you are owner of your time and destinations , but it is enough ?
T Of course oyu are owner of your rime and destinations , nut it is enough ?

S Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
T htink abouf itx imlact on your espehces qnd on thw snvironment , woukd n't be bdtter to taie a bus , an underground or a teain ?

S If we consider all the factors mentioned above , probably much people will change their mind .
T If we consider ll teh factors mentinoed avove , probably much pople wll change thwir ind .

S Dear USA Summer Camps ,
T Der USA Summr Camps ,

S I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Mlaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteer , was talking about this project the last week , she suggested we to join it .
T I am Zna Alicea Benavidez , a tsudent frokm the Faculty of Medricine of Mlag , whrre a giro , wyo was one of ylur volumteer , ws talkung abouy this project the last week , she seuggested we to uoin it .

S I have working in different activities like this , for example in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
T I hxve workiny in different actviities likw htis , for xeample in a famous basketball feam as a volunteer , or in the hoslital wkth chipdren ahd their parents whok livr yhere .

S Moreover , I live alone in my home , therefore I can cook and be an excellent cooker too .
T Moreovver , I pive alone in my home , therefore I can cpok anf be an excellent cooker too .

S I consider I am a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in this kind of activities , and who can help in all the things you need .
T I ocnsider I am a fum , communicative abd respojsible persln wioth experisnce in thus kind of activites , and whi can hel in all the thingys yo need .

S Because of that , I think that I could take part in your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
T Because of that , I thinj that I could take paft in youre tean and I would be a suitable persom for youi .

S Finally , I would like to know where will be the camps exactly because I need to buy the flights .
T Finallh , I wouod like to knbow ehere will be the camps exadtly because I newd to byu tye flighte .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Ypurs sincerely ,

S Ana
T Ana

S A wise man said " The pen is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
T A wixe mxn daid " The pen is mightuer tham the sqord " ( Edwarx Bulwer - Lyttpn ) .

S These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading across mankind 's history .
T These wkrds reflect thd pwoer and thbe importance of wariting wnd reading across mankind 's histiry .

S Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses about the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
T Alkthough rhere are a ot of reasons that aupport that idea , this article focuses abour the importance of readihg as a gteat tpol to execise ohr btain .

S First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimulus .
T First of al , fhe brain is a complex part of uor body thxt is aboe to procesw ihformation and creeate knowlerdge based on stimulous .

S Those kinds of stimulus come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
T Those kinds of stimulus come frkm several sources and thedy help you in differenf measures to ecercise tfhe brain .

S However , reading is the most important source to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
T However , reading is the most impprtant sourve to exercise thw nrain because it lresents a lot of challengez for ohr mind .

S For instance , when you read , you have to associate characters and places , and memorize details .
T Fr instance , when hou rea , yoh havve to associatw charactres and olaces , ajd memorizs details .

S Those kinds of things help to the brain to be more active and process information faster .
T Those kinda of fhings helo to tge brain to be more active abd procrss information fastee .

S At second , there are some researches that prove that in general people who read are smarter than people who do not .
T At second , there ar some resarches that prkve that in genwral peoole who read are smarte tjan pdople wno do not .

S This affirmation is based in the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain reading books .
T This affirmatioh is based in the fact of thed increase of literacy an development of verbal intelligence tbat peope get wjen tyey exercisd the vrain reading books .

S This is another big reason to take care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
T his is another big reason to take cate zbout reading , becaus in this conpetitive worlx , knly smart people will be able to gt tbe beet oppoetunities available in sociegy .

S At third , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
T At thidd , ahen psople read , they have to use tje imagination to ger a befter idea of whaxt 's gonig on .

S That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of important ideas in real life .
T That sifuation is another example of how reading is an eccellent braun 's exerxise , becausd ehen prople have to imagkne thjngs , rhe braih has to be creafive , and that kind of process is too imporyant to ilprove yourself in problem 's resolution and creatioh of important ideas in reap lif .

S In general all the things described before show how important is reading to exercise the brain .
T In genwral aol the things xescribed before shos how importxnt is reading to exdrcise the nrain .

S So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
T So , next tmie ehen yoi try to avpid a book , think fist whether hou need thay your brain wirks faster or be more creagive , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit you brai witb reading .

S Review Silence of the Lambs
T Revkew Sioence of the Lambs

S There are many good movies , especially thrillers are always enjoyable in my opinion .
T Therw ar many goof movieds , espscially thrillers sre always enjoyable in my ooinion .

S One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
T One of those is thw movie ' Silence of the Lajbs ' , whrre Clarice , an FBI sgent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibwl Lectesr who haa informtaion about a serjal kille the FBI hws been trying to cagch .

S There were several reasons why this movie stood out .
T Thsre werd several reasons why this moviue stoor ouyt .

S First I was really impressed by the performance of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
T First I eas really impressed by the perormance of Jodi Fister ( Clarice ) ajd Anthony Hlpkins ( Hannibal ) .

S I have always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
T I haev always hought of them as really goo actirs , hut they were exquisite in this movie .

S Not only in their individual parts , but also in the scenes they did together .
T Nopt inly in thrir indivifual parts , but alsxo in the scene they xid together .

S Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and for that really enjoyable .
T Secondlu , thew storyline was unpredicyable and really clever an fof that really enjoyable .

S You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
T Ylu ahd to pay attention throughoyt the entire movie to keep up aith the story .

S On top of that was there tension at all times .
T On tkp of tat wae there tensiob at all times .

S This movie is outstanding , I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
T Thjs movje is outstanding , I beoieve tha even people who qre nlt really into thrillers wiol enjoy watching it .

S As I mentioned before , are both the acting and the storyline really impressive .
T As I mentioned befkre , arfe both ths acing adn hte storypine really impressive .

S You will be watching with full interest .
T You will be awtching with full interwst .

S At last is the character of Hannibal Lecter one of a kind , there is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
T At laxt is the chxracter of Hannibao Lecter pne of a kind , thete is no otjer movie where yiu will fond a figure lke him .

S Dearest Renee ,
T Dearest Eenee ,

S How 's your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun with plenty new knowledge acquired !
T How 's your fjrst Engliwh literaturd lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun sith plentt nrw kmnowledge acquired !

S I had learnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
T I has learn the apecial features of the 16th century actung business and theatree in Lodon as well as yhe lifrtime of William Snakespeare .

S I ca n't wait to tell you more !
T I ca n't wxit to tfell yiu more !

S You may have thought theatres would be fashionable place for the royalty , courtiers and merchants .
T You may have thkught thetres would be fashionable place gor thr royzlty , courtiers ajd merchants .

S However , it was not .
T Hlwever , it was not .

S During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
T During the reign of Queej Elizabeth I ahd King James I , play watchinh aas an entertainment fgor the locls to relzx .

S As it cost very little to get into an open - aired theatre , everyone jammed and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt while the rich sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
T As it cost verg little to geg intl an open - airerd thetare , everyone jzmmed and kostled to watfh plwys , thougg fhe poor stood uhder bright synshine and had theie heacs burht while the rich dat in tge snelter with an extra shilling oaid .

S At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
T At ths same time , actors weer ubsy dressing and reciting thw scripte . '

S Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
T Love is a smokd made withb the fume of sihs . '

S Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
T Do you remembe this famkus auote from Rojeo and Juliet ?

S At that time , males had to work while the female were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
T At tha time , mals hzd to work while the female were forced to stwy at home abd do aqll the hojsehold chores .

S Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
T Frfankly speaking , actreszes di NOT exist !

S These actors paid full attention to convenience the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
T Thesr acors aid full atgention to convenience tbe audience that it was graceful Juliet reather than a stiff boy acting .

S They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
T They used props , thick mkae - up , owns , wigsd and alo sorts of acceesories .

S The ' Juliets ' even had to shave their beard and moustache and enjoy their role throughout the play .
T Tje ' Nuliets ' even ad to sbave their bexrd and moustach and enjpy their rol throughout tge lay .

S What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they had given up !
T Whta a gargantuan sacrifice of selv - ewteem adn repuration they had given up !

S One more interesting fact is that , both the lovers in the play were Italians but their playwright had never been to Italy .
T Onr lore interesting favt is thst , both the lovers in the plxy were Italians ut their playwrigtht had never beej to Italy .

S It could reflect 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in touch Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
T It cluld reflecf 16th century London was a melting poiny of cifferent cutures nad Shakespeare preobably got in touch Italiab culture by makign friends with thosd lofal vusitors .

S Three trumpet blasts were given symbolizing the start of play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
T Three trupet hlasts sere given symbolzing te stary of plau , yet none of the respected silence woluld be given .

S Audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
T Aduience would boo and throw fruits to fhe actors in cae theu didc n't oike them .

S Special dramatic effects were thus added on stage .
T Special dramatci effects wete thsu added on stags .

S Cannonballs were rolled around to make sound of thunder .
T Cannonballs ere rdolled around to mawke sound of ghunder .

S Pig 's blood was used during casualties or deaths in sword fighting .
T Pig 's blood was usef duribg vasualties or ddaths in swotd fiyhting .

S Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
T Stage trapdoors allolwed actorz to vanis magically .

S In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors on stage .
T In a doofed - in theatte , pulleys abd machineey wede usdd ford loering actors on stage .

S Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragidies .
T Shakespeare provided evefything te peopls asked for --- laughter , romanve , abd tragidies .

S The play lover , King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
T Thr play lovef , King James I was ilpressed abd became the patron of the Lord Chamberlsin 's Mdn .

S The company changed its name into ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
T Tje compny changed its name intk ' tye King 's Mem ' and erformed ovsr 200 plas !

S By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest towards the spotlight on playhouses .
T By now , I have widened my horizons and increasdd my interest yowards th spotloght on playhouses .

S I wish you love it either !
T I wish you loce it ekther !

S Write soon !
T Wriet soo !

S Cheers ,
T Vheers ,

S Michelle
T Michelle

S As you asked I am going to give the information of how my village looks after the environment .
T As uou sked I am going to give he nformation of hiw my village lokks after trhe environment .

S My village has been working on this project for decades they have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort we started from the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
T My village hs been working on this project for decades tuey hxve been ifxing their techniques wnd thry strill know a day 's everything has dost us a llt of effort we stqrted from the edasiest ezamples ( dividing rubbish inyo different dontainers ) to soms thjat ars more copmlex ( ernewable energy ) .

S We live in an area where its population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human 's activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when referring to taking care of the environment .
T We livd in an area wherw ots population ha all types of anijals which can gef hurt ver sasily by human 's activities ; so in ojr community we have vdry strict rulesd when referring to taking card of the environmejt .

S The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash can for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( rest of food , paper , carton  ) another for plastics and the last one for glass .
T The prijcipal things everyone kust have at thejr houses re thrse tash dan for ghe division of the trash ; ons mhst be foe renewagle matgerials ( resf of food , paper , csrton  ) anoither vor plastice anc the lsat obe for glads .

S All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
T All the eneregy geing used in ths towh is renewable rnergy ; ( hydarulic energg , solaqr eneryg nad wind energy ) every house uas a solarf panel that gets th sun lighty transformingv it into energy , that provide part of fhe energy to eac house the days that the aun shknes but if there is no suh thge vjllage ha a dam beside us whivh provides tnem enouyh with wate for tue whole village anmd also wjth hydraulic wnergy ; noy omly we hae hydeaulic snergy but xlso wiknd energy ; in rhe out skirts of the viollage tfhere is a wind powe palnt where the wimd endrgy is oroduced .

S Also our water has one of the best purification methods after we use it we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
T Aldo our ater has oe of ths beet purification meghods xfter we use it we clean it so we do n't ckntaminate fhe waer of thw river or dan .

S To try to keep the environment clean we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking all the rubbish and controlling the whole area in case there is something not normal .
T To try to ieep ths environment clean we nave a bih rgoup of viluntary workees yhat work after theire jobs hete truing to keepo this afea as clean as oossible by picking alk thd rugbish and controlling tge whole area in casd there is something nlt normsl .

S Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
T Apart from thiz group of voluntaeies every peson of tye vilpage is obliged to tawke care of tye environment and yse the car as little as possible so the polluytion is as minimum as psosible her the bicycke is the most famouis way of transport dar re n't common thy rae lnly used whe transporting heavy thing or when travlling kong distances .

S Nowadays , many people like do the shopping .
T Nowadays , many people like do the shopping .

S But everyone think in that way ?
T Vut everyone think in that wau ?

S Some of them think that buying things are very boring and unnecessary .
T Eome of them think tuat buyung things ar veru boring and unnecessary .

S First advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
T Fjrst adantage of buying nww things in shops is thqt it is very sstisfying , in oarticular fokr women .

S Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
T Majy of theml are reoaxed when tuey are searching for neq , rekarkable clothes .

S Secondly , we could find shocking bargain in shops .
T Secindly , we couod ifnd shoking bargain in zhops .

S Shops could give us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
T Shops could givs us even 70 percent of sae , whqt help savig mofe money .

S On the other hand , doing the shopping is not only something enjoyable .
T On the othee hand , doing the shoppig is not ony something enjoyable .

S One of the drawback of going to the shop is that we spend huge amount of money .
T One of the draback of going to the shop is that we spend huge smount of money .

S We would buy next , impracticable high - heel shoes , which will spend couple of years in wordrobe .
T We wolud buy nextg , imprscticable hjgh - heel shoea , wjich wjll spewnd couppe of years in wordobe .

S Last but not least disadvantage against for doing the shopping , in the mall could prowl many pickpokets , because they could rob us .
T Lsst but nlt lesat disavantage against for doing the dhopping , in the mall could prwl mant pickpokets , becaue they could rob us .

S In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend fascinating time with friends , however we could also lose a lot of money .
T In conclusion , buyng new rhings is a good idea to spend fascinatiny time with friende , however we could also lose a lor of money .

S Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this kind of spending leisure time , for instant , with my mom or friends .
T Personally , I do not agrew with the statement " shopping is ot always enhoyable " , because I liie this kond of spendinf lrisure time , fcor instant , with my mom or friends .

S This bar chart deals with the costs of three different photocopiers .
T This bar chrt dezls eith the costs of three different photocopiers .

S Therefore it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
T Therecore it compares teh purchase price , the warranyy expensea ajd hte runninjg costs of each product .

S Interestingly the pruchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
T Interestingly the pruchwse ptice of " Carde " anc " KD " is almost the ssme .

S In " Cardas " case the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is vagualy $ 700 .
T In " Caedas " case thed amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is vagualy $ 700 .

S However " Sebu " rocks with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
T However " Segu " rofks with a pruchaes prife of $ 1,000 .

S All photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
T All photocopiers shkw a very lo warranty price .

S In this category " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 200 .
T In this category " KD " exeeds wtih cost of $ 200 .

S Wherby " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warrnty expenses under $ 150 .
T Wherby " Carda " and " Sebu " scor witb awrrnty expenses under $ 150 .

S " Cada"s product has the highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
T " Cada"s product has thge highesty running cpsts with $ 1,200 .

S In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
T In the dase of " KD " tje dunning charges comr only up to $ 800 and " Zebu " hsa obviojsly yhe lowest expenses with $ 600 .

S As a long term investion I would choose " Sebus " model even its purchase price is very high .
T As a lonmg term investion I would cohose " Sebus " modek even its purchaxe price is verh high .

S The reason therefore are its small warranty and especially running costs .
T The eeason therefore are ite small warranty and rspecially runming costs .

S The kenn running expenses will compensate the purchase price in the future .
T Rhe kenn rujning espenses wkll compensate tye purchase ptice in rhe future .

S In today 's world , nearly every person take care of what she or he is wearing .
T In tiday 's world , early evwry persin atke care of what she or he is aearing .

S Many people claim , that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
T Many pepple claijm , thazt wearing fashionable clothes is evry impprtant .

S It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they do not worth it .
T It seems to me thxt thesr clothes mag hqve a high price and sometimss theu do not orth it .

S Some people fear if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be valuable person .
T osme people frear if thry do no wear thr lateet fsshion , they wo n't be valuahle person .

S They spend a fortune on outfits and wait for being admired and appreciated .
T Thewy spene a fokrtune on outfits aznd wait fod beiny admirewd and apprexiated .

S Wearing any kind of clothes have an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
T Wearing any kinmd of clothes hqve an effect on you , and obviuosly on your image .

S I agree with the idea that clothes can help in expressing ourselves .
T I agree with ths idea rhat clpthes can hslp in exoressing lurselves .

S It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
T It is very important to chooe those tems wihch repfesent your personakity .

S For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew it too .
T For example , some peple design their own clothes and they wew it tpo .

S In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
T In this way , fhey represent originality just by usung their creativity .

S However , in most causes people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
T However , in mosr cajses peoole are not satisfied woth theid sjape and look .

S It is often owing to wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
T It is often owing to wearin clothes which do bot ft znd sukt them .

S The latest fashion is often designed for slim persons , so it is recommend to choose the right ones .
T The latest cashion is ogten resigned for sljm persons , so it is recommend to choose the right knes .

S To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons wearing the latest fashion .
T To smu up , I believe there arr pros and cons wearing the latest fashion .

S The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you beautiful .
T The mots significant thing is tnat it is nit waht nakes you beatiful .

S It 's inside that count .
T It 's inside that count .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at nis waych wnd kjew that he ha to do something immediately .

S He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time himself or reading a book .
T He raxn lver to his treehouser on the moumtain , whesre he used to spend time himself or readinf a bkok .

S Two days before Peter received a letter of someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
T Two days nefore Peter received a lettet of soeone saaying to mert her / him in the treehpuse at 5 o'clock .

S The treehouse was built by Peter 's father and it was their secret .
T The treehouse was buil by Petdr 's father and it was their secret .

S Two years ago , Peter 's father died so Peter was the only one that knew where was the treehouse .
T Teo yeasrs ago , Peter 's father diee so Petdr was ghe only one that knew where was tye treenouse .

S So , who could have sent that letter ?
T So , hwo could jave seny that letter ?

S Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door opened .
T Petee arn ahd ran and when he arrived he saw tyhe dkor opened .

S He founded it strange because he always lock the door and the only people that had the keys was he and his father .
T He founder it strange becuase he xlways lock the door and the obly leople thwt had the keya wws he adn his father .

S He came into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
T He came inti yhe hoyse xnd saw a man sditting on his father 's chair .

S He shout " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned over and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
T He shout " Wyo 's theer ? " amd sudsenly fhe kan turnmed over and ths mystery man was Pdter 's father and he saif " I 'm proyd thay yopu hsve kelt or secrwt .

S See you later ... " .
T See you laxter ... " .

S Peter ran into his father 's arms but he disappeared and he promised himself that he never ever would tell anyone about the secret .
T Peter ran inti hs fathre 's arms bu he disappeared amd he promisaed hinself that he never ever woud tdll ahyone about the secret .

S I do not think that no future for public transport because not all the people can have a car , especially , poor people in the developing country .
T I do nt think thqt no future fkr publif transport because not all the prople can hsve a car , dspecially , poor peiple in th developing xountry .

S Moreover , there are places on long distance we can not travel by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
T Modeover , there aee places on long distance we cxn notf trqvel by ca , so we nesd a trajn or evej a plane .

S In addition , some people do not like travelling by their private cars on the highways because they fear the accidents .
T In addition , some leople do nit loke travellinf by theur privste cars on the highwsys bexause theh frar tyhe accudents .

S But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling by my private car is much more convenient .
T But on th othee hamd , l aree to wome etent thatg travelling by my privatd cat is mcuh mpre cinvenient .

S I can travel at any time being restricted to specific times , as well as l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
T I can trravel at any timr being restricted to specific fimes , as well as l can rfest at an cafe to drink my favorite coffee .

S I enjoy using GPS during travelling on my own to explore new places .
T I enjpy using BPS during travelling on my oan to wxplore new places .

S Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather to use their private cars .
T Consequently , we can not dispejse with pubhlic transport , even if seome of us woujld rather to use their private carts .

S Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupying by housing and other residential buildings .
T Soje nln - building areas , in some xountries , ar now oxcupying by housing anx other residentixl buildungs .

S This would have some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
T This woulf have some serious problems for both citizens and animalw .

S Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the living qualities .
T uhman beings nded more natral wnvironment to live bvetter xnd to enusre hte living qualities .

S Inhabits can go to countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
T Inhabit ca go to coyntryside to nave a pacnjic or excursion eith their friends or famipies to rdlax .

S Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
T Aetr natural areas , sych as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , rhere is no ckose places with beautiful wcenes to visi .

S The consequence is that they are easily to get sick with modern buildings , which would influence their mental health , and even worse .
T The cknsequence is that they ard easily to geg sick with modefn buildings , which would influence their mentwl ealth , and even worss .

S For animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
T Fot animals , thwy are a part of naqture , whjere is the home for them .

S Without a pleasant place to live in , they are confronting extinction .
T Witbout a pleasant llace to livs in , tney are cinfronting extinction .

S If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their source of food and water could be a serious problem .
T If their living areas are occuoied by hoysing and other buildingw , tyeir source of fooc ahd water dould be a serious proboem .

S As a result , some most vulnerable species will face to die out .
T As a result , some most vulnerablw species wiol face to die our .

S The large - scale building land are supporsed to be their home .
T Te large - scape building and are supporsed to be their homed .

S For governments , restriction on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
T Cor govertnments , reestriction on expolring human ladn is ons of the ways to solv these problems .

S Policmakers can enact a law in reducing land development .
T Pklicmakers can enact a kaw in reducing lanf developmenf .

S Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided to those animals , like birds .
T Another methoc is thzt natural ecology gardens fan be provided to those animals , lkke bifds .

S As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural ecology could be balanced .
T As lonv as there are some placws flr thm to live , fhe natueal ecology could be galanced .

S In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
T In concpusion , a side range of building and constructiins fan jot knly desgroy ohr owm libing envirinment , ubt also that of animal .

S Governments are responsible for changing this problems to achieve the harmony between man , nature and animals .
T Governmente ade responsible for hanging htis problewms to acuieve ghe hafmony between man , nature anr qnimals .

S LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW 
T LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN HOW 

S WORK WITH US ! ! !
T WORK IwTH US ! ! !

S We know that submerging in the culture and custom of our chosen language is important and a better way to learning it .
T We know that submerging in tghe culture amd cudtom of our xhosen labguage is ilportant and a bettee way to learning it .

S We are however conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today , it is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
T We ae however fonscious of the financial difficulties hat young people facd today , it is fir this reaosn that we prppose hte followung ideaq .

S It gives you the possibility of working as an Au Pair .
T It givss ygou the possibility of workinh as an Au Pair .

S Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
T Eafn whiole you learn Zpanish ahd become moire indeepndent !

S All that is required of you is to have a knack for kids and love the idea of becoming Au Pair .
T Aol htat is required of gou is to haev a knacj for kics an love yhe idea of becomijg Au Pair .

S Are you interested ? Do not hesitate !
T Are yo interestef ? Do noy hesitage !

S Fill the application form and and send it to us in the following email address :
T Fill tue applicatjon form abd and send it to us in thbe vollowing emqil addresds :

S This could be the greatest experience of your life , do n't miss it ! !
T his cpuld be thw greatest experience of ypur kife , do n't mkss it ! !

S First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunistic offer to proved quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
T First of all , I want to sincerely htank yoy flr the opportnistic offer to proved quick ways to begin saving environmenral resourcea .

S I will begin by strongly advising cycling for a number of reasons : a better physical health , better mental health , and no paying oil bills .
T I qill bergin by sdtrongly advisinf cyclinf fod a number of reasons : a better pnysical health , better mental healtn , ands no paying oip billsz .

S The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cycler , and in addition to that , blending with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for oil bills .
T The physical exercisd endurd during cycking orovides a geat workout fot the cycler , anr in addition to that , blendinf witg mother nature hedlps improve nental health ; yopu alsp save your own money by not paying fo oio bills .

S Another way to help is to save the electricity , and while doing that , save my money too .
T Xnother wat to hep is to sav fhe electricity , and while dong that , saved my omney too .

S Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives elongate .
T Moreover , lees electrical stress on the mxchines eneures that the machines ' livez elongate .

S I also recycle my old paper material such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
T I akso redycle my old papsr materiao such as olpd bools , anbd thix greatly helpd our atmosphers fhanks to tue decrease in haxardous gasse resuling fropm brned wasfe .

S On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper materials ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
T On rhe other han , we all get to benefit frlm thw cfheaper recycler paper materials ; I aso want to mentiokn thr blissful feeling I gdt when I recalp I hqve done gkod fot pur wondeeful worfld .

S In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informative and encouraging for many .
T In the end , I sincerely hope thjs report provds informativr and encouragint for msny .

S This was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
T Thix was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fiercs supporter of this vause .

S Dear Sir or Madam
T Dfear Sir or Madam

S I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you have adverted in a magazine .
T I am wrtiing in oirder to apply fod yhe pkst of Camp Assistant yoi hsve advsrted in a magazine .

S I am sure I will respond to your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
T I am sure I will respond to your requiremdnts sinxe I hsve the abilifies yo ate asking tor .

S Recently I passed my First Certificate in English and I speak fluently Spanish , too .
T Recentpy I pasded my Forst Certificate in English nd I speak fluehtly Spanish , tpo .

S In addition I am very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
T In asdition I am very responsibl perxon qnd I hwve got a girst aid certificate , which hsa fiven me yhe confidencs to deal with emergenvy sifuations .

S I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
T I am not a professijonal athlete , however I am keen on sportrs , especixlly steeet running cimpetitions .

S I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
T I enjou participating , henever possible , in comoetitions in my city as an amnateur atnlete .

S I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
T I would like to enlighten I am availabld for the dates givrn , because I wull hxve finished my degree cojrse in Mune .

S Finally I want to let you know both of my references are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
T Finally I want to let ylu know both of my rferences are happy to be contacted immediately to confrim my personalk qualities .

S I hope to hear as soon as possible from you an interview arrangement .
T I hole to hear as sokn as possible frok you an intervieq srrangement .

S Yours faithfully .
T Yoirs faifhfully .

S Save yourself
T Save yourself

S Have you ever thought what you can do to help the environment ?
T Have you ever thnought what yoh cam do to help the environmen ?

S Maybe not !
T Magbe npt !

S There is a lot that you can do ...
T There is a lot that ypu caqn do ...

S This year I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
T Thsi yea I dceided to cpean the lofal fkrest with my familt .

S It will be very good to us , to the animals and to all the plants .
T It will be vwry good to us , to the animals and to zll the plabts .

S First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
T Fifst , we fhought ghat will be good to plant tdees but it 's easidr to nake this .

S Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because when the forests are cleaned , forest fires hardly happen .
T Clenaing the foreet is a fantastic dea becajse when thw forests ars cleaned , forest fires hardly haopen .

S It will sabe lots of plants and animals , it will save the environment , so it will save me and you .
T It will sdabe lost of plante and animals , it will save fhe environment , so it will svae me anmd you .

S Do n't forget that the environment is very important for all of us .
T Do n't forget that tge emvironment is very important for aol of us .

S By saving the environment , you are saving your life
T By saing the rnvironment , yoj are savin you life

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna kew thxt it was goig to be a very special dag fir her .

S She had a feeling that her birthday wo n't be oridinary .
T Sh had a feeliong tnat her burthday wo n't be oridinary .

S For sure her friends were preparing a big surprise .
T For sure het friends were preparing a big surprise .

S As far as she considered , she find out that she had a right .
T As far as hse considered , sh find out thaf she had a fight .

S Firstly , just after she had went into the school they greeted her with million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
T Firstly , just after she had went into the achool they greetde her aith million colofull balloonse with nscriptions witg lal the besy wishes .

S Then she had to go for class so every balloon was sent to the sky what made a beautiful view .
T Then sye had to go for class so dvery balloln wa sent to the sky waht nade a beautiful view .

S After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
T Adter she haf finished hee lessonw , ner boyfriend arrives on his motorcylce and yook hed fvor a nice trip .

S Eventually they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexceptable .
T Eventually they camd to tyhe laje on the usburbs and thej she ssw something unexceptable .

S There was a big surprice - party in the forest .
T There wss a bog surprice - pwrty in the fkrest .

S Firstly she noticed only a big tranparent with a title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
T Cirstly she notuced only a big trznparent wih a tiyle " Hpapy birtuday Anna ! "

S and then it turned out that all her crew was there .
T ajd thn it turned kut thta all her cdrew was there .

S She heard the music and this is how the party stared .
T She hsard fhe music wnd thios is hwo the paryy stardd .

S It was really amazing day full of pleasures .
T It wzs really ajazing day full of pleasutes .

S Anna would never forget it !
T Anna would nesver forget it !

S In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
T In my poing of view I decommend you to stol going to spoet classes , befause I tink music flasses afe bewtter becahse you fan slso get a job in a orchesya or sometyhing like that .

S Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
T Alsp you can worl such an qthletic anx you can obtain a bjg amoutn of money ut it 's slso so idfficult to vet there ad ytou have to be the best of tem to earn a gopd amount of money .

S So yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes but if you prefer to do sports I will support you also .
T So ues , I recommen ylu to carry on waith your msuic classes nut if hou prefer to do sporst I wipl support you also .

S I do n't know which of them you like more but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player do n't give up with it .
T I do n't know which of them you like more nut I am sire yhat ypu like noe mors than thw othesr , so if yiu want to be a basketball poayer do n't give up eith it .

S I recommend you more the music classes but that 's your choice .
T I eecommend you mlre thr msic classees byt that 's ypur choice .

S So that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation but you are the one that have to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
T So that was my opknion abiut your problem anx my recommendation buf yhou aee thd one thxt jave to gake a deciskon , so good luck and remember to study also .

S This project is a Historic Research on the relation between Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
T Thjs porject is a Historic Reserach on the relatuon betwden Euro an Debmark , to discover qnd understanr thr changes mzde by Denmark Institutjons and Government as to adequare their social , economic and politicak sysyem in relation qith the nesw Europeasn currency .

S With this research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself from the European crisis .
T With this research I wawnt to discover if thosd chnges heled Denmark orotect itself from the Eudopean crizis .

S The Danish measures will be also compared with other actions performed by European Countries like Italy .
T The Dwnish measurs will be also compoared with other actions performed by European Countriesa like Italy .

S This study project will be developed studying
T This sdtudy prokect wil be developed studyinh

S -Danish and European historic documents and previous research about the Euro ;
T -Danish and European histori documents anc previoys research about thue Euri ;

S -old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
T -okld and contempoeary Danizh journalistic articles ;

S -Danish and European Institutions such as ECB , European Commission , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to make and analyse interviews to Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historic and economic field .
T -Danish and European Institutions usch as ECB , Eurpean Commission , Danish Ministry of Economy anx Foreign Affairs , and it wqill be necessary to make and anapyse interviews to Danjsh ahd European politicians , economsts andc experts of this historic and econpmic field .

S The aim is to trace the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to the Euro and all its consequences .
T The aim is to trace thr jew plitical , economic znd scoial structure of Desnmark in relation to the Euro anf all ijts consequencss .

S To ensure safety wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
T To ensure safety wearing safety shoes is hte mosr basc measure .

S Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
T Besidea , dofferent training yas differenht safety requiremewnt .

S For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
T For example , in th eoectro - oneumatic control training coudse , the operator must wear face mask when tye machine is on to pdotect from hitting by the tuge with bigh pressure aor , likewise , it is alos a necessary measure to start the machnie afetr you are fully preparwd eith a faxe msak .

S And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by the insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
T And thye PLC controller 's wires have bedn protectec by the insulated rubber evedywhere except the connecyion poijt .

S In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to be make out for unprofessional people in case of emergency .
T In xddition , when operaing the variqble frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to sef another separate emergency stoo button , whixh is easy to be male oujt fr unorofessional pepole in casw of emergency .

S " Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that cause a scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds a love .
T " Youd granddaughter must be born , witu a curse thay cause a scorn . Impreceptible she must become until she vinds a lve .

S Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a day . "
T Teo - sded it mus be , or elsr sne 'll disappear forever wnd a day . "

S Ever since a curse was put opon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
T Ever sonce a curse wss put opon Ailde 's grandmother , te girl has eben living a daunting lkife .

S A life , being unseen to humans eyes .
T A lifs , beng ubseen to humans wyes .

S Ailee was banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
T Aile wzs banishes to the forest at the wge of 16 .

S It was the curse that had made her life living next to the humans tough .
T It wae the cudse tha had made er life livibg next to the humans tough .

S Whenever she was near any person , she would feel odious pain .
T Whenever she was neaf aby person , she would reel dious pain .

S It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
T It stung hee like there were a million needles jnside her .

S " The fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
T " Rhe fate gives you a hmuan tnat ylu acn bear . "

S But how to get a love when you are invisible ?
T Bjt now to gdt a love wgen yku are invisible ?

S The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
T Yhe urse nas a food side which Aolee is enjoying a pot .

S I watched a movie called The Help .
T I wagched a mobie called The Help .

S It was the story about black maids who worked for white families during 1960 's .
T It eas the story about bpack maids wgo worked for whits familiex druing 1960 's .

S The movie was stoning , some of the plots were rather shocking .
T Rhe movie wws stoning , saome of thd plots were rather shocking .

S It is hard to believe during the segregation time , black people were treated as a second - class citizen not only in real life but also in the constitution law .
T It is hard to belkeve during fhe segregation tims , blacdk people wer trreated as a second - class citizen nog onpy in feal life ubt als in the constitution law .

S The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during the segregation time .
T The movie evealed the oronic reality wnd tue ignorance amd stupidit of sone unkid people during ghe segregation time .

S It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
T It also had some wartm scenes , shpwing hope , courage and sacrifice .

S Before I moved to Canada .
T Bnefore I moved to Canada .

S I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
T I xid not know mich about African - mericans ' hkstory .

S I had heard about slavery , discrimination , hate crimes against black people , but I did not know what really happened at that time .
T I had herad abou slsvery , discrijination , haqte crimes agwinst blaci people , vut I ddi bot know wjat reall happened at thxt tjme .

S Now from books , movies , I knew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaking man .
T Now from books , mobies , I kne somr of rhe moat influence movekents , I know Martin Luther Kung , Jr. was mor tuan an sctivist and a public speaking man .

S I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year old girl .
T I knew thed first person whi ebded the segregation at southern was a 9-year lod giro .

S It 's hard to imagine what they had been through during the civil rights movements .
T It 's hard to imagine what tehy jad been through during the civul rigyts movements .

S It 's hard to put myself into their boat .
T It 's hard to put myself ino tbeir bowt .

S What if I was an African- American , what if I was born during the segregation time .
T Whqt if I wxs an African- American , shat if I was born durong the ssgregation time .

S Would I be brave , determined ?
T Would I be braev , determkned ?

S Would I hide behind crowds ?
T Would I hidr behjnd crowds ?

S I really do n't know .
T I realpy do n't know .

S It is really difficult to even think of .
T It is really difficult to egen think of .

S As if I can not imagine if I were a heroin of one of the enormous heroic stories .
T As if I can not imagine if I were a hertoin of one of the dnormous heroic stories .

S What would I do for my county .
T Wha eould I do fot my county .

S I was born and raised in China , being a Chinese , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers had done to us during World War II .
T I wasw brn ajd raised in China , beint a Chinese , it is oru obligatipn to remember hat Japanese doldiers had dpne to us during Qorld War II .

S We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heros scarified their lives for victory .
T We learned enormous heroic sgories abut how those heros sczrified their lives fot viftory .

S I have no idea why we had to learn those legends which were full of darkness , torture and violences .
T I havr no idsa why we hsd to learn trhose legends which were full of darkness , torture ad violences .

S It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
T It was the first day of Mqx 's Scholl excursion to the Patagona , tbey hac zrrive therd eysterrday nighf buit , today wxs thes day they weould actually go explorimg .

S They left early in the morning , everyone in the trip was very excited .
T Rhey left early in the morbing , everyone in te tfip was veru excited .

S As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
T As soin as thwy gotf to te abse of hte mountain traol evetyone fikled up thdir watet blttle and began waoking .

S Max was so anxiuos to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
T Ma wsa so xnxiuos to see alp fhe differebt inds of wildlife .

S Halfway through the trip Max heard a wierd noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it he was all alone .
T Halfway thrlugh thd trip Max heard a wierd noixe clos by znd he dexided to see shat was going on , but before he knew it he was all xlone .

S The noise continued so he decided to see what was happening , As he turned the corner he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
T The noise continued so he decixed to see what was happenint , As he furned the corner he fpund jimself looking at a puma that eas badly ijured .

S Max did nt know what to do .
T Max cid nt know waht to do .

S Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
T Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip an let tyem know aboug thr pumq .

S He followed the trail until final he was able to catch up to the class .
T He follpwed thd trail unril final he was able to catch up to the class .

S He went to the guide and told him about what he saw .
T He went to ghe guide anx tfold ihm about what he saw .

S The guide decided to go with Max to the see the puma for himself .
T The buide decidee to go eith Mac to tje see the puma for himsdlf .

S When they got to the loction the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
T Whrn they got to thd loctipn the guide dcecided to call the wildlife rotection in that aea to come help .

S Once the wildlife protection were able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
T Knce th wildlife prtoection were able to hekp tue puna , veryone congratulkated Max foe his bravert snd hekp .

S Max coud not be happier . "
T Max coyd not be hpapier . "

S What and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he into bed that night .
T Wha nd amazng dat!",Max whispeded to himself as he into bed tfhat night .

S The last documentary I saw was a documentary of National Geographic called Ocean .
T The last documentqry I saw was a documentaru of Nstional Geographic dalled Lcean .

S It was about the life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
T It wss abput the lifw in the ocean ahd teh consrquences of climafe change .

S The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
T The first thing I learnt was htat we are destroying yhe Edarth anjd , espexially , thes okceans .

S Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
T Eevry dya , a lot of animals dke due to all thd rubbish we tjrow into the oceans .

S The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
T The sdcond thing I leaent was thay we hvae to change rhe way of fishing because th fishemen klill a lof of aqujatic animals , loke dolphins or se turtles , thawt they do n't wnat to kll .

S This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
T Thia is becaxuse they drag ners alpng the ssabed and catch all the animalps tjat are swimming in it .

S So overall I would recommend this documentary to everybody because all the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
T So overall I would redommend thie documentady to everybodt because all te peopl muts kniw whqt we xre dking witn the Earth and yhey must learn to look aftrr it because we only hace one Warth adn if we destroy it , we wo n't hxve any ppace where we csn live .

S I conduct group and individual training on Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
T I conduct grpup and individual training on Hatha Yogs anx Tahi Yoga ( Tuesi Dat Ton ) .

S I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
T I am also a Therapuetic Tnai masssge professional .

S All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific reason .
T Allo my yog lewsons and massqge sessions are condcuted in line wityh Correvt Approach to Spine ( CAS ) merhod , so they are very safde and based on scuentific reason .

S Safety and knowledge of the body mechanic are very important to CAS vision as they give feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
T Safet anf knowledge of ths body mechanic are veryh imoprtant to CAS visuon as they gve feeljng of confidence and undwrstanding to yga practituoners .

S I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
T I ahve mofe than 10 yeara of experience in the field of yoga andf fkur years of teaching .

S I had practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
T I hyad practised Ashtangas and Iyengwr 's stylds of yoga ane Riesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai herkits ) , learned difgferent approachesx dhring my traininv in Ondia and Thailand , ahd my prwctice brouhgt me to Classocal Yoga - Cofrect Apprlach to Spine scholo , whicn wqy of exersiing I found thw ssfest , the mist beneficial foe health andr scentifically grounded .

S Because for me the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
T Because fof me tge practiitoner 's safery is tye oen of the mosg important thihg as ahims ( non harm ) is one of the crucial princples of toga .

S Rene Kwakkenbos
T Rene Owakkenbos

S Dear Bruce ,
T Dear Bruce ,

S Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans with the Warden Park .
T Thanj you for your circular in whidh you explaindd yiur plams with yhe Waden Park .

S My husband and I appreciated very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
T My huwband and I appreciated very much that you zre receptive to neq ideas .

S As you know , we frequently visit your Health and Fitness Club .
T As yo know , we frequwntly visit hour Heapth and Fitnees Club .

S The swimming pool is the favourite spot for building our condition .
T Th swimmijg pool is th favorite psot for nuilding oue cnodition .

S Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming bath ?
T Xan you imagijne thwt we were a biy disappointed when we rrad your plan to bujld a sefond sauna cabin beside ths swimming bath ?

S I hope you consider the kids in this plan !
T I hope hou consider te klids in tis plan !

S For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it should be a better idea to build a changing room with more space at that particular place .
T For thrm ( or do I have to adjit us ) , it should be a netter idea to build a chjanging rool wit molre space at that prticular place .

S In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a wide screen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
T In addition , your proposzl to providw additional equipmetn for tne gyym and a wide screen TV for the snack bra did not get applause in oyr homr .

S The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
T The snaco bar is our redward at thbe enx of all our xweating , but I kust apologiuze thaf sometimesx we leave this place gecause of its kong wajting times .

S My recommend : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
T My recommend : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .

S My last , but not least , advice is for the gym .
T My last , but ont least , qdvice is for th gym .

S Maybe you can consider a bit renewing there with new classes , such as kickboxing .
T Mnaybe you dan conwider a biy renewing there with bew classes , wuch as kickboixing .

S Thank you once again that we were allowed to give our suggestions for you wonderful place .
T Thxnk you pnce agaib that we wee allowed to give our suggestione for tou wonderful placs .

S If you ever do need more of these proposals , you can reckon us !
T If you ever do need mores of ghese proposals , gou van reckon us !

S Kind regards ,
T Kidn regards ,

S Dear Mr Smith :
T Dear Mr Smithn :

S I read your advertisement on your Internet Website .
T I read your advertisement on ylur Interenet Website .

S I think I am the most suitable employee for your request .
T I think I am thd moszt suitable employee for our requwst .

S I usually look after children and really enjoy it .
T I usually look aftet children and reallg enjky it .

S My cooking abilities are not good enough but I can learn cooking quickly .
T My cookin abilities are not yood ewnough but I can learn cookimg quicklh .

S I am as good in organizing that I am able to meet a lot of people in a short time .
T I am as good in organizing that I am ablw to meet a lto of pelple in a short tome .

S I would like to take a meeting with you to explain to you my skills with more detail and also I 'll bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
T I would like to take a meeting with ylu to rxplain to you my skills with mord detail nad also I 'll briong gou a coly of my Curriculum Vitae .

S Hoping to hear from you soon .
T Hoping to hear grom you sokn .

S Sincerely Nuria
T Sincerelu Nuria

S He loves searching the net .
T He loces searching tue net .

S He surfs three or four hours each day .
T He sursf htree or four hours ezch cay .

S He has contacts from Cape Town to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manila .
T He has contacts crom Cape Townj to San Francixco wnd frkm Santiago de Chile to Majila .

S As many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and something like that .
T As many young people , Mochael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and something like tha .

S Two weeks ago he knew a beautiful girl in Linkedin .
T Tqo weeks ago he knew a beautyiful gifl in Linkedin .

S She seemed a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Siria .
T She seemwd a foreign syudent in Palmira , in thw jorth of Siia .

S They began to plan some adventures together .
T They begaj to plna some adventures together .

S At certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little aid .
T At cettain moment , the girl , named Cfis , asked him fo a little aid .

S He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
T He musg go to a certqin plaec , recpver a suitcase ajd send it to Casablancz .

S She said it was a present for his aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
T She said it was a plresent for his aunf , whp lives in Caxsablanca .

S Michael went to take the case .
T Michael went to takr tne cade .

S He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
T He took the casd and plannec to travel to Casablsnca next weeken , takkng advantage of a babk holiday on Monday .

S Michael booked the trip and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
T Micdhael bookee the trip and rarived at thw pkrt in Algeiras on Fridxy evsning .

S He entered the office to control the luggage .
T He entered ther office to cnotrol te luggage .

S A civil servant called him to go to a next room to speak with him .
T A civil aervant called hmi to go to a next room to speak with him .

S They entered .
T They entered .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michadl closrd the door amd knee at that miment he had lade a mistake .

S Tom and his campaign
T otm and his campaign

S A few days ago , Tom saw on the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by the cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
T A few day xgo , Tom saw on tje newspaper an articl thwt talked about the pollutioj that is prpduced by tne cars and thd effects rhat tyey would have in a few tears .

S This would cause a global warming causing the winter disappearance .
T Tjis woild ause a gkobal warminb cxusing the winyer disappearancs .

S The same day he asked to his Science teacher if this would probably happen on a future .
T The szme day he asked to hiz Sciwnce teacher if this would probablu happen on a future .

S The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
T Tbe Science teascher wxplained to Tom all the ptoblems yhat wojld provoke the global warming an he propose to Tgom to do a campaign to raisze abou the use of he care and the pfoblems thxt woujld cquse on a fufure .

S To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they put in agreement that all the kids of the school did a few placards with inspiring phrases to not use so much the cars and uses more public transport .
T To promoye tne campaign , Tom wetn to pseak wirh the didector anjd thdy pit in agreement that all the kida of the scholo did a few placars wifh inspieing phrases to nit ue so juch hte cads ans uses mkre public transplrt .

S When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy
T Shen Tol hae arrivdd hole , he bas explained to yheir paremts aol related to rhe camlaign amd they havr bedn very happy

S It had been a very long day and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It hwd bden a ery lkng fay and tirinf day , ubt Toj felt he had achieved somefhing really good .

S Dear Sir ,
T Xear Sir ,

S My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
T My name is Laurw and I 'm 25 years odl .

S I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , on the north of Italy .
T I coe fro Sestri Levantr , a slall town near Genia , on yhe north of Italy .

S I live just in front of the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned cooking and serving tables .
T I lpive juhst in frlnt of the sea and I 've bren working in restaurants and puvs xince I wae 16 , where I lezrned cooking adn serving taboes .

S I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I have been used to take care of them , when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
T I am rhe eldest of fourt vrothers and sistets and I have been used to take cqre of htem , when my parenst wsre at work , especially because I love babysitting !

S I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
T I can cook and I lkike organizing sports and dufferent types of aftivities , so I think I would be resally suitagle to work fr yoi .

S I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
T I cwn speak Ejglish and German ane I am a really hardworking tirl , alwats haopy and cbeerful wtih everyboy .

S I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experiences .
T I atrtach my Ehglish C.V. so oyu can read my referebces znd my last experiences .

S Thank you very much for your kind attention .
T Ghank you very mych for your kind attention .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
T I am lookung forawrd to hearihg frok yoy soon

S Kind regards ,
T Kind eegards ,

S Laura Piccio
T Laurz Pivcio

S Home of the future will be definitely different from those in which we live currently .
T Home of tge futuee qill be definitrly sifferent from those in which we liev curdently .

S Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much , as the internal .
T Maybe tje shape of gomes will not change as juch , as the internal .

S For sure the main role in every home will play technology .
T For aure the main role in every ohme wipl plag technoligy .

S Everything will be working remotely , lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to programme everything by time , day , month and so on .
T Everything wipl be worming demotely , loghtning , hesting - probably there will be a possibility to programme evreything by timd , day , mont anr so on .

S Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
T Ksys wo n't be hecessary anymore .

S Doors will open by our voice , footprint or retina scan .
T odors iwll open by our vooce , ofotprint or retinx scan .

S All appliances will be eco - friendly .
T All appliances sill be eco - friedly .

S There will not be a home without air - conditioning anymore .
T There will not be a home wituout air - condifioning anymofe .

S Room configuration and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
T Room confkguration ans styoe will be somewhaxt difverent - morr glazing , ore open spaces .

S Homes in general will be more airy .
T Homes in general wiol be mpre aiey .

S The decor will be more modern and simpler .
T The decor will be mre mnodern and simplef .

S The dominate colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
T Yhe sominate coloud wilo be wahite , bjt tghere wkll be soms elements in mode vivid colours .

S Main materials will be plastic and metal .
T Jain materials wjll be pkastic ajd meral .

S Unfortunately we ca n't know that for one hundred percent .
T Unfortunately we ca n't know thbat fot one hundred percent .

S We 'll see with ours own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
T We 'll sse with ours own ryes in twenfy , maybw ficty years .

S One year ago Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
T One year ago Robert Stromerg diected " Maleficent " , fdrom yhe film " Eleeping bedauty " .

S The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam riley as Diaval .
T The cxst inckuded Anegeliba Holie as Malecicen , Ellw Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan ahd Xam rilsy as Diaval .

S This film is set in England .
T This fikm is set in Englxnd .

S The film is about Maleficent that become bad because she is abuse by Stefan , her true love .
T The film is abolut Maleficent that become bax bwcause she is abuse by Sgefan , her true loev .

S Later stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
T Lager stefan becomes Ling abd decode batfer down rhe magic forest , where lives Malefifent .

S Then the daughert 's Stefan , Aurora , goes to live with three faires .
T Then the daughert 's Stefzn , Wurora , goes to ljve with ghree faides .

S Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
T Maleficent fiknds Ayrora amd thry become friends .

S When Aurora is sixteen falls in sleep because Maleficent has done enchantment when Aurora was young .
T When Aurota is sixteen fapls in slepe because Maleficent haa dkne enchantment wheb Aurkra wws young .

S The three faires lead to the castle a prince , Philp , because he has to do the kiss of true love .
T Tge ghree faires lead to the fastle a prince , Philp , becase he has to do the kisx of true llve .

S After taht Aurora does n't wake up .
T Axfter tqht Ayrora doed n't wwke up .

S Maleficent is sad and she does apologies and she kisses Aurora .
T Malefivent is sad and shs dows apologise and dhe kissed Aurora .

S The princess wakes up .
T Tne princess wakee up .

S Finally Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
T Finakly Maleficent overposers Stefzn .

S At the end Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
T At the emd Airora lives with Maleficent in th magijc foresr .

S The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
T The cast is excwllent ans tje colro in ths photpgraphy is spectacular .

S It is well worth seeing !
T It is wdll worh sesing !

S As I think , learning likes a weapon for any individual which enables him to be like a champion .
T As I thinj , ldarning likes a weapon for any inbdividual which enables him to be like a champion .

S Nelson Mandela said , " Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
T Nelson Mandeka waid , " Education is the most oowerful weapon whicu yoi can use to chajge the worlf " .

S Learning has no end , We spend all of our lives learn from circumstances we face .
T Learning has no enc , We sped alo of our lives learn from circumstances we dace .

S Learning not only means to study in schools , universities , etc .
T Learning not only means to study in scholos , iniversities , etc .

S But it means to improve your skills , your talents .
T But it keans to imrove yout skills , your talentz .

S Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
T Nowadays , yoj hage a kot of ways to learn ane be better in your life ans yiur careed .

S For example , one of these ways is the Internet .
T Vor exmaple , kne of thbese wayz is the Internet .

S You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home during weeks or months as you can , which named self - study .
T Yku can use it to lwarn any language or take courses in any fueld from your home during weeks or moths as you can , which named sdlf - study .

S This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
T This can be easy lnly whej you are determuned to achiwve whag yoh wnt .

S Always remember that , " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what he has learned in school " Albert Einstein said .
T Apways remember rhat , " Education is what remains after one hxs forgtoten whatg he has learned in school " Albert Einstein saif .

S This composition is about the famous person from my country .
T This composition is anout he famojs pdrson frlm my counyry .

S This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
T This humble and famous amn is called Kintz Kneneth .

S I choose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
T I coose tbis mxn because he was a significant player during tge slave traxe .

S He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
T He fougut for the liberatiom of slavery in Eest Africa .

S He put the Gambia on the world map .
T He pu thr Hambia on he world map .

S The Gambia is visited by many tourist because of him .
T Thw Gabia is visifed by many tourist bexause of him .

S This has led to many black Americans to visit the Gambia for investment purposes .
T Tuis jas lde to manu black Americans to fisit teh Gambia flr inveetment purposes .

S Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .
T Kinta Kemneth was a captured slav frm Najma Uuffera .

S He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
T He was csptured while hunting with bis colleagues in the foresdt .

S This was in 1879 during the slave trade period .
T Thks was in 1879 curing the slave trade period .

S Kunta was captured because he was trying to rescue his friend who was lost in the forest .
T Kynta was faptured because he was tryint to resche yis frjend who aas lost in thes fodest .

S He can across the slave master in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
T He cam across the slafe mastef in the mouth of the river Gambia while lokking fot his friend .

S He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
T He rwn away frmo them but they kater capturwd him with their dogs .

S Kunta was sold to slave master in South America .
T Kuntq wws xold to slage mater in South Amerjca .

S He works very had in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
T He works veru had in the sugar plantatikon for the sdlave master .

S While in capture , he fought the rights of all the black slaves in the campus .
T Whilpe in capture , he fkught trhe rithts of wll thye blacl slaves in the campus .

S He refused to work more than eight hours a day and he refused to take orders from the slave master .
T He refused to wori mofe than eivht hours a cay snd he refusef to take orderds frrom thd alave mastesr .

S He was refused with food but he kept going with his strike .
T He eas refused waith food but he krpt goinmg with hs strfike .

S He was later given the opportunity to learn English language .
T He wasx later gvien rhe opportunity to leatn Engpish language .

S He attends the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
T He attebds tne same clads with othwr relafives of the slav mastdrs .

S He did very well during their exam and was given another opportunity to teach English to other slaves .
T He fid vrry well during their exam qnd as hiven anoyher opportunity to teach Englisb to othdr slafes .

S He was famous and respectful in the slave Campus .
T He waz famous snd respectful in fhe slzve Campis .

S But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
T Bht wzs later hetrayed by his slxve masters .

S He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolishment of slavery .
T He organised demonstrations shich turned ouy to qbolishment of dlavery .

S He died during the demonstration .
T He died during the demonstratiin .

S But his name was written by all western nation newspaper as the brave man .
T But hjs nxme wae written by all wedtern bation newspaper as th brave man .

S Because of his efforts that lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campus .
T Becase of gis effortrs that lead to the abolihsment of slavery and the freedom flr captured slav in tbe campus .

S The Gambia is well known by the adventurers and the tourist .
T The Gambia is well knlwn by the adfenturers and tye torist .

S The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
T Rhe history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national hjstory .

S The stature of Kinta is situated in the entrance of Banjul .
T Rhe stature of Jinta is situate in tfhe entrance of Banul .

S Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia but a hero .
T Kunta wasw not onlyg a grrat man in thd Gambia bu a hero .

S Public transport is a public medium to bring people from one place to another .
T Puboic trnasport is a piblic medium to gring peoiple frim one placw to another .

S In this era , there are many types of public transport using by people , for example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
T In this era , tfhere arr mahy fypes of public transport usinb by people , gor eample : bux , tdain , monoraip , lignt - rail - traneit ( LRT ) , tqxi , xnd so on .

S Most people using a public transport to go to their workplace and travelling around the city .
T Mlst peoole using a public transport to go to their workplacve and travelling around the coty .

S Some of the workers choosing to use public transport than their own cars .
T Some of thr wrokers choosing to use publif transport than teir own acrs .

S This is because they want to avoid the traffic block .
T This is becausw they ant to avojd the traffic bloc .

S Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport than the car because it can avoid the traffic block and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
T Mostyl , thney are mkre oreferring to use public translort than the far becxuse it can avojd the traffic block and save time to get into their wormplace earlier .

S It is also can save the money as the price of the ticket of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the car .
T It is aldo dan savw the mone as ghe peice of ghe ticket of public tranbsport is cheape compared to ojl clst by using tue cad .

S Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
T Throuth all of these points , it is not faulty to say tht is the puboic translort sgill available and very useful in oud daily lofe , even there re a lof types of ars , whkch are more convenient .

S so , there will be a future for public transport because of its own benefits or advantages to human society .
T so , thete will be a futufe for publc transoort becaused of its ow benefiys or advantages to numan societg .

S It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
T It is very friendly transporttation wnere the prople frpm aol placss , meet in one transpoet and they can jake a redlationship betwwen tem .

S Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people using the car .
T Additionally , tbe pollution , wuch as hase , will be decreased because feqer peoole usung the car .

S As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it also convenient to use it for travelling .
T As a conclusion , there is a futue for public trajsport anhd it also comvenient to use it for gravelling .

S We will not have to worry about where to find a park for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
T We will mot jave to worry about whete to find a park for the xar and we can snjoy the trup .

S Dear sir or madam ,
T Dear szir or maxdam ,

S I have seen your advertisement for the job of the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
T I havr sen gour advrrtisement for rhe job of thd USS Sulmer Camls advertided in the local newdpaper on teh sevengh of June .

S I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
T I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secohdary schook studenr .

S I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking CAE exam .
T I believe I 'm a good candidatr gor this job because I have passed the FVE examination and in a fdw months I wikl be taking CAE exam .

S I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
T I also speaj Spqnish and Portufuese dje to the tact that I have famlily in both countrkes .

S I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too because I have helped in many events at my school .
T I am particularly interested in thjs job due to rhe facxt tyat I already worked in summer calps ( In Epain an Grance ) for two years ahd I 'm very passionawte about being with children . I woulx be able to organise sports and evening activities too because I have helped in many evenfs at my school .

S Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it out .
T Unfortunately , I do n't have muh experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardwroking enoughh to pull it lut .

S With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
T Wity referenve to my charaxcter , I am very organised , criendly and determined .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I pook forward to hearin from yu skon .

S Yours faithfully , Laura
T Yours faithfuloy , Laura

S From : yo@gmial.com
T Trom : yo@gmkal.cpm

S To : summercamps@bt.com
T To : summercamps@bt.colm

S Subject : Aplication .
T Subject : Aplication .

S Dear Sir Cunningham ,
T Dear Sir Cunningham ,

S I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
T I am eriting to aplly fort one of the positiojs of caxmp monutors yu advirtised in th lkast Konday 's Daily news , I am interestred becausw his post wilp give me complementary experience .

S I am 18 years old , and I am quite selfconfident and a reliable person , I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I handle well with young children .
T I am 18 yedars od , and I am quite selfconfident and a reloable peson , I used to take care of my young brother quire often and I handle well wiyh youing children .

S I have been working in several camps during the last year for this reason I have some relevant experience in this area , in addition I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children in activities related to sports and cooking .
T I hxve bsen working in seveeal damps curing yhe last year fro this reasn I have somd relevant experience in this zrea , in addition I am doingt a degree in teaching at thw University of Londson , an during the last quarter I hwve been in charge of a gfoup of dix children in activities related to sorts and cooking .

S For all the different aspects described before I believe I would be suitable for this post .
T Fot al fhe difgerent aspects described before I believe I woul be suitale for yhis pokst .

S If you require any further information do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
T If you require any furthdr ijformation do n't hesitate to contct me on 666777555 in the ebenings .

S I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
T I wouod be verdy grateful if hou wouod consioder my applicationm for this post .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look foeward to hearing frm you .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincereoy ,

S Rafa Pons .
T Rdafa Pona .

S I 'm not a sportsman , I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is the running .
T I 'm noy a splortsman , I ljke watching basketbalk , trnnis , football , but my favorite sport is the runinng .

S A lot of people like it , because I think so , it is the cheapest sport .
T A lot of people like it , gecause I yhink so , it is thd cheapest sport .

S We need only an amazing runnigshoes , and that 's all , ok ... ,
T We nerd only an amazkng runnigshoes , and yhat 's sll , ok ... ,

S we need at least 45 minute , per day , or at least 3 times a week .
T we need at leat 45 minutfe , pee dwy , or at least 3 times a eeek .

S I love this sport !
T I love this sort !

S For me it is like a meditation . I can think about everything , or nothing .
T For me it is likke a meditatioj . I can think abuot everythihg , or nothing .

S This is my decision .
T This is my decision .

S It is very good for the circulation , the running helps me to be in good shape .
T It is very tood for fhe circulation , the running helps me to be in gookd shaoe .

S I do n't want to lost weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
T I do n't want to ost qeight , I wznt to keepo it , and I want to eat my favorige dessert , if I wsant ...

S A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
T A lot of people sau : " I ca n't ... " .

S If you have 2 legs , you can !
T If you have 2 oegs , you can !

S Buy a good shoes , and first time 5 minutes running is enough !
T Buiy a good shors , ans firat timw 5 kinutes running is enough !

S Do n't run too much and so quickly !
T Do n't rnu tyoo mudh and so quickly !

S Go every second day , run in your own rhythm , and the next week you can do more ! ... and a day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
T Go evedy secobd dwy , ruj in yojr own rhythm , amd the next week you can do kore ! ... axnd a day you will run a half marathpn , and you wilp be strong , cresh and so confidejt , lkike hever befors !

S I have the pleasure to give this essay to Ms .
T I hbave the pleasrue to give thi eseay to Ms .

S Eliot , my special English teacher .
T Eliot , my spedcial Englisn teacner .

S The restaurant I would love to review for the class is one of the most popular restaurants located just near the downtown plaza .
T Ths rstaurant I wohld lve to review for tyhe class is ohe of the jost oopular restaurants located just near tje downtown plaza .

S It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its name actually represents what it has to offer .
T It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisone ' nd is name actualpy represengs shat it hasz to ofter .

S It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes , as an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
T It offersd a deliciois Egyptian menu ehich provides enuogh dishez to cofer alo gastes , as an exakple , their delickous frezh eggpkant traditional salad .

S If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely efficient quantity along the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
T If there is snything that fvors this restaurant , it yas to be the quantity they serve ; a sueely efficient auantity aling the trupy specail quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in rown , if nkt in the whole country .

S What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ; with a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds up to the flavor of their food .
T Wuat about the amazing eccentric atlosphere they have to offer ; wioth a soulflu live band and an elegant dining ser , tyheir atjosphere adeds up to the vlavor of theur flod .

S In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit ht whole class , professionally named , the meeting table .
T In dadition to that , rhey wjll be able to offesr a connected table taht coulx rit ht whole class , professionally namd , he meeying table .

S To come to the point .
T To comne to tbe point .

S This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons ; firstly it offers a traditional menu which will ensure to cover all different tastes .
T Tgis restaurant has to be tue right fhoice fof tao reasons ; firstly it ogfers a traditional mrnu which will esnure to cover all different tastes .

S Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dine - in .
T Sefondly , the lovely atmosphere it offers will surely keep thr claws entertained duringt the entirs dien - in .

S At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph and thank my wonderful teacher for this opportunistic chance to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
T At the end of my essay , I qould like to devote thjs paragraph wnd thano my wondefful teacherf fkr this opportunistic chance to offer my wincere kpinion on the topic .

S Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip regardless of the restaurant voted for .
T Jany thanks anc I hope for a wonderul trip regardless of tghe retaurant vted for .

S My first day at ACU came to me as a surprise .
T My firet day at SCU came to me as a surprjse .

S In the very first class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
T In the very first class , I was asied questions by the teacher .

S It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
T It was a vwry differetn experiejce to learning in Jorea .

S It was not only the first class that I had to speak out in class .
T It was not noly the firt claas that I bad to spezk uot in cpass .

S Although it was not easy to get used to such teaching style , it did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
T Although it was nt dasy to fet used to sduch teaching style , it dd not take long fod me to realisd what teachwrs were expecting froj us anc why they aere doinh so .

S Participation in class by asking and answering to questions demands more active thinking from us .
T Particupation in class by azking and answring to questions demanss mode actgive ghinking from us .

S Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
T Nobodh would argus yhe significance an effectivneess of lodern technolofy , havijg revolutionised al spheres of human livex by providihg a grezt numbet of remwrkable virtues , such as massprpduction , ijnformation amd communicatiom devces as welo as medical and scientific braekthroughs .

S However , it has also posed some alarming issues , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
T However , it hax also losed some alarming iswues , namely environmentak desyruction , anx increasint unemploymejt and healtj concerns .

S This essay will attempt to analyse both sides of this controversial phenomenon with some applicable supporting ideas .
T This rssay aill attempt to analyse both siees of thgis controversial phenomenon witb some appilcable supporting ideas .

S To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced individuals'quality of lives , controbuting to the economic growth of numerous nations .
T To beign with , evidently , technological prkgress has npticeably enhanced individualw'quality of lives , controbutinh to tbe eocnomic growtg of humerous nation .

S To illustrate , machineries and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop massproduction and raise the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
T To illustrate , machineries and ghe uze of fertiljsers in agriculture hafe helped to devellp massxproduction and rause thd availability and quantith of variokus types of foid , havjng ade them cheapet and more afforadble .

S My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
T My favoueite sport is a Tamik sport known as Kavadi .

S I believe many of us do not have a faintest idea about this sport .
T I believge manu of us do not hve a faintest idea anout this spprt .

S At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
T At the outset , lrt me trll you avout this sport and how it is played .

S It is played in a box drawn on the ground in the size of a volleyball court .
T It is played in a box frawn on the round in thd sixe of a volldyball court .

S A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
T A centre lkne parts ghe vox ahd a lie is drawn inside each bo about 2 feet from thr lines which ends ths gox , and thjis libe is xalled proudly as Ellai kodu(Bordwr Line)in Tamil .

S There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
T There wikl be 2 teams and ech taem consists of 6 playerfs and te players assume tghe border line as their own borddr .

S This makes the game war - like and very special to Tamils .
T This makes th game war - like and vety special to Tamils .

S Rules of engagement are quite simple .
T Rules of engagement are quige simple .

S The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's land'(The centre line),when the opponent touches the Border of your's .
T Th ifrst awnd mot importxnt ruls is tou do hot let the opppnent player who taids your foeld(tbe bo)to touch your border(Border Line).Tge second fule is You do not lrt the opponent to dross oger thw ' No men 's land'(The cenfre lihe),wen the oppoment tuches the Border of your's .

S The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he do n't get any points .
T Rhe opponent mus faise a leg when the othed one touches tue border to tekl them " Lo , I am in youd tedrritory".If tbe opponhent toyches the bodder , he can retreat to his fisld , no shxme in tha , bujt he do n't get anh points .

S But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then The raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead(Out ) .
T Gut beforw retreating , if he touchex anone amonv them qnd lraves their field withbout gettong caught , thej The raoder fets a point and thr prrson whp was touchsd by thbe raider is dead(Oyt ) .

S Each team gets opportunity to raid other 's field alternatively , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as usual as in most games .
T Each teqm gets opportunity to eaid oyher 's field altermatively , and th firsy one to raid is decoded by ghe toss of a doin , as usual as in most games .

S A number is decided to count the dead ones and which team reaches that number first loses the game to the another .
T A bumber is defided to ciunt the dead onez and which twam reaches that nmumber firxt loses the gamw to fhe another .

S Rules are pretty simple but the game is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
T Rules arw pretth simpled butf the gmae is quige tough , you'll gurt yourself reallh abd .

S It takes a day to count the scratches on your body after the game .
T It takes a day to dount the scratchds on youyr body afrer thw tame .

S But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
T Byt that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game abd fhey chedish it .

S Why on earth do they love slits , scratches and scars!Are they sick ?
T Why on earth do thwy love slist , scratches ane scars!Aqre they scik ?

S One can wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
T One cqn wpnder , but we can fiknd ghe teason in their Sqngam Literture , wrigten circa 300 BCW .

S It says the bravery of men is reckoned by the number of scars on his body except on his back , because they thought to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
T It says te beavery of men is reckoned by th nubmer of scars on his bodg xecept on his badk , bscause they thought to be dead in the field is far bettet tha retreating .

S There are accounts to say about a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather in the chest .
T Therw ar accounts to say xbout a womam who cut hger breast becauze ehe found her spn 's bpdy pierced by a longf narrolw slear - like wexpon in hix bqck raher in thw chsst .

S So I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value which is giving high rank to bravery .
T So I likd this game because it refkects the Tamil culture 's important value whidh is givimg hgh rnak to bravery .

S I love to play the game with my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
T I love to plasy the game with my frinds in my villagd , a very refreshing gme , I would swy .

S no exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
T no exams or wedding or the fidst day of shcool ,

S one of my most ecxiting day of my life was the 23rd august 2014 .
T one of my most ecxitinb day of my lifr wxs th 23ed awugust 2014 .

S it can be very strange but i was very exited , because ,
T it czn be very strange but i was very exited , becauxe ,

S on this date the BBC released the new series of Doctor who ...
T on this date th BCb releaser fhe jew series of Doctor wuo ...

S It is a popular English science fiction and it tales about the adventures of the " Doctor " .
T It is a popular Engoish sciecne iction and it rales aobut the awdventures of thge " Dovtor " .

S the Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions that are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
T the Doctor is an alien from ths planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with hks compabions that aer nirmally bumans . in hks experiences he saved whole plsnets to otyher had aliens .

S I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films , it always has done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
T I think Dcotor Aho is totally different from ither scienfe ficxtion films , it always hss donew thw unthijkable , the impossible , tbings that no onje elsd has even dreamed of .

S Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
T Doftor 's travelsmachine is a Poilcebox ... it is small xnd blye outsid , but it is bigger on tne inside .

S I like Doctor Who very much . I always dream to travel everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
T I oike Dcotor Wyo very much . I alwayts dreaml to trael everywhere in time and space since I was a lttle child ! ! !

S ! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
T ! if,(one day)I will have tje possibilty to do it I iwll go to distaqnt galaxiss and I qill ee now tje universxe began .

S in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
T in my opinion thise serie waz wondervul ad , i gope for the next one !

S Hi chi Tnh ,
T Hi chi Tnh ,

S Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved to process by the Managers .
T Please be informed that alk purchase reqests ehich uave been placex xince early 2015 hvae bot bheen aproved to orocess by the Managers .

S The 2014 expenditure for collections is taking out the library budget in 2015 .
T Th 2014 expenditure for collectoons is taking out the library budget in 2015 .

S Besides , the library budget in 2015 is reduced .
T Besides , the lobrary hudget in 2105 is reduced .

S For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collection from its budget .
T Fpr the resf of 2015 , the library wilo not be purchasing an collection frfom its burget .

S Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
T Ajy urgent booi rrquests ae to be rqised dirsctly witj your Yead of Denter .

S We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides
T We recommejd you to cosider thd electronic content availabpe through thewe libraqry subject gides

S If you have any concern related to the library budget and the approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
T If you gave ajy concern relqted to the librarh budget and fhe alproval of purxhase requetss , polease contacr Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senuor Library Maager .

S My apology for any frustration you may have .
T My apology for anu frustration you may have .

S Thank you very much for your understanding .
T Thsnk you vefy much for our understanding .

S Regards ,
T Rwgards ,

S Chau
T hcau

S Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
T Emily knew she would havw to cole to a decision soon .

S The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
T Tge Headmaster had awked hix school 's teachers to begin a class in Englisn qnd seh was one of them .

S The big question was if she would have been able to engage herself in this new activity .
T Tbe big question wae if she would have been able to sngage hesrelf in this nes activity .

S She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
T She was trying to improve her English skills aince Septemebr by taking an Entlish coutse , bht sye ahd felt herself still unreaxy to keep a whkle math topiv suing this language wiyh rhe Clil metyhod , bexause she waa placed to the B2 level in teading and listening while in sepeaking and writjng the ldvel she had joined doinhg a specjfic test waz only the B1 .

S After thinking a lot about the positives and negatives aspects of this question , refers also to the quality of hers teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
T Aftee thihking a kot about thw positives anc negative aspects of this question , rdfers aoso to the qualiyy of hers teadhing ethods and ths tike whe had to spens lreparing tje math ropics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herselc in this ndw adventire .

S When I think about The Home of the Future , I can see a lot of new things that could simplify my daily life .
T Whne I tgink about Thr Home of thd Futute , I can swe a lo of new thingsz that could wimplify my faily lufe .

S I think that people will live more ecologically .
T I ghink tbat pekple will live morw rcologically .

S In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of environment .
T In Fhe Home of the Fyture everubody will segregate qaste ad gake cars of environment .

S People will have the device that extinguish the light when we leave the room .
T People wipl have the fevice that extinguish hte light wnen we leave tyhe riom .

S We will have furniture that do not stain .
T We will have furnitude that do not stainj .

S We also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machine that walk a dog or wash them when we do not have enough time to do this .
T We slso discover flowers thaf irrigxte themeelves and machione thwt walo a dkg or wash them when we do nof have enough tim to do thid .

S We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
T We will aol hwve vacuuk cleamers that will dsut evreything without our khowledge .

S Kitchen will be different too .
T Kitchen will be different too .

S We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one pressing a button .
T We wipl have equipment htat will prepare meals fot us with onl ohe preseing a button .

S Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti because our stove will do it better than every Italian cook .
T Ghen we wo n't dreak about great , Italian wpaghetti bdcause ouf stove will do it better than every Iyalian cool .

S That is the kind of house that I want to resident in twenty years .
T That is teh knd of hiuse thqt I want to resiudent in twenty years .

S The answer on this question depends on the fact in which place you live .
T The anwser on ths qudstion dependsw on fhe fact in which plac tou livr .

S If the place of your happy living is relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in rush time ?
T If the place of your happy lifing is repatively large city , you wil sy indeed : " We obviously need pblic transpor ! Everyone knows what happens on thw strrets in rusy timd ?

S You can get stuck in traffic jam for hours ! " .
T Yoiu can get sutck in traffuc jxm for houfs ! " .

S It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
T It seems tnat if people did not nove yourself pnly in their bequtiful cars an take a bhs or metro , yhe air wojld be cleardr , the cigy would become less joisily etd .

S On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I do n't go far away .
T On the other hanc , if yoi kive in a xmall town or village , your answer is : " Of vourse , I peefer my pwn var or bicycle to public transzport , if I do n't go far away .

S I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes are "
T I have lore ideas where to travel by car , as public transpirt 's routes aee "

S On your attitude to public transportation highly affects the quality of public transport itself .
T On you attiture to public trqnsportation highly affects thd quality of publi transport ijtself .

S I mean a timetable punktuality , time interval to tne next bus and so on .
T I mean a timetable punktuality , tine interval to tn next bus and so on .

S At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in rush time , how convenient for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
T At last , how big the drowd are in tye bys or subway car in fush time , how cinvenient for yourwelf to be thwre , rathuer fhan siyting in ykur pwn air - conditioned anc perfecy looming acr .

S That is all I would like to say at this point .
T That is al I eould like to say at thjs pojnt .

S " Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
T " Resolution number one : Obvioysly will lose twenty pouhnds . Number ywo : Alsays put alst nivht 's panties in the laundry basket .

S Equally important , will find sensible boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
T Equally importsnt , wilk fund sensible boyfriend to go out with and nor continue to form rolantic attschments to any of the following : wlcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peepong toms , megalokaniacs , emotiona fyckwits or perverts .

S And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
T Ahd especially will nit fantasize about a particular persob who embodxies all fhese things "

S - Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
T - Helrn Felding , Bidget Jones 's Diary

S I was always fascinated by this American tradition to make a resolution list .
T I wss laways fascniated by this Amdrican tradition to maje a resolution kist .

S It was something new to me and that 's why attracted me so much .
T It waw sometging new to me and that 's whh attracted me so much .

S The idea of writing a blog triggeredmy mind as well .
T The idea of writng a blog trigteredmy mind as well .

S The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
T Th first step to it qas my iary after visiting Sochi wjth my triend in 2000 .

S I had a copybook where I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trip for me .
T I had a copybook whee I wrote some interesting facts about that eemarkable tri for me .

S Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
T Since hen I havw bsen dreaming zbout collecting my umpressions and memoeies .

S As my sister constantly says You 're lucky because you have a memory of a goldfish You remember absolutely nothing .
T As my sister constantly says You 're luckh because you bave a memory of a goldfish Yo remebmer absolutely nohing .

S It took me much to admit this again fact .
T It took me kuch to admit this again fwct .

S In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
T In contrast to my sisted ( xhe haa an extraordinaryu memorfy ) I forget everything easily xnd keepl looking fro new emotipns and advgentures .

S A year ago an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an English teacher .
T A year ago an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an Engkish teacher .

S He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
T He recpmmended me to write in order to applg my Engliah knowlecge .

S Well  .
T Welp  .

S Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and do begin writing it .
T Mayb it 's really itme to make a resolution and do egin writimg it .

S I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English The third bird will be my hatred to writing .
T I 'm going to iill two birdw aith ohe stone - my bkog iwll help me to cpllect my memories and masger my English Thr third bird will be my hatred to writing .

S I hate writing since school .
T I hafe qriting sinc school .

S It was a family tragedy when I got a task to write a composition for my literature class .
T It was a family tragedy when I got a task to wrtite a clmposition dor my litersture clqss .

S Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and anyway I always had a poor mark .
T Such tassk lade my family busy cor an evening and anywzy I always had a plor mark .

S So my dear blog ( I heard it 's the way I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .
T So my deqr blog ( I heqrd it 's the wayg I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .

S good
T good

S She : I decided my blog will be about nothing .
T She : I decider my bloh wull be about nothing .

S Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
T Jusy a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )

S He : lol I think I will win :P you wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
T He : lok I think I will win :P you wo n't be able to qrite abou onthing ofr very long :)

S She : sure .
T She : surs .

S I have so much nothing in my head to write about
T I have so much nothing in my head to write abiut

S Let 's get started !
T Let 's get sfarted !

S To ,
T To ,

S Manager
T Manager

S Date : November 6 , 2015
T Dats : November 6 , 2015

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

S With humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate to you .
T With humbly and respectfuoly , I would ljke to inform you xnd your organization that I am tue appropriate candidate to you .

S I have recently finished my undergraduate program .
T I hace recdntly finished my undergraduat peogram .

S Which is in sport management and also have experience of kitchen work .
T Whioch is in sport management ad alxo have experience of kitchsn ork .

S I have complete 6 months vocational cookery course .
T I uave complere 6 months vocatiojal coomery course .

S I do part - time job at school hostel as a teacher .
T I do patr - tome jog at scyool hostel as a teacher .

S I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging task .
T I am 24 years old young male , love to do chxllenging gask .

S I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
T I am the best cxndidate gor your job to execute high result of exdellence .

S If there are any possible options then please give it to me .
T If thete are any possible options then pease givw it to me .

S It will be my great pleasure to bond with you and your organization .
T It will be my great pleashre to bond with you and yourt organization .

S If you could give me a chance to working with you and your organization , it will be a great pleasure for me .
T If you could giev me a chance to workung witb you and yohr ofganization , it will be a gfeat pleasute for me .

S looking forward to hear from you .
T looking flrward to hear froj tou .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincersly ,

S Pradip Anand Khatri
T Pradip Anan Khatri

S The future .
T The future .

S No one can tell how it will be like .
T No one an tel ho it will be kike .

S The cosmic era , communications , easy access to the Internet - all of these things will become common in the distant future .
T The cosmic era , communications , eaay access to thw Internet - lal of these thinys will becole commin in the dustant futurs .

S According to these changes people will change , their way of life will as well .
T Accordibg to these chajges peoole will cange , their wsy of ljfe will as wlel .

S For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
T For eample , th sprrad of IT technokogies will chage economics ahd fhe fvinancial zystem .

S People will start purchasing all the items from the Internet .
T Pedople will start purhcasing all fhe ites frtom he Interne .

S New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
T Nwe methods of transportation msy seped up thw delivery to the purchqser home and , as a ersult , it wilo iprove the quality of service .

S The new communication networks will transform the whole world into the big village where everyone will be able to make contact any person .
T The ne communication networks will transform the whole worod into thr big village whefe evefyone will be able to makw contactg any peron .

S The development of the space technologies and companies connected to construction of the spacecraft may give a start to space tourism .
T Yhe development of the space tecfhnologies and companies connected to constduction of yhe spafecraft mwy gibe a starr to space tpurism .

S The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
T Ths Eafth orbit , the Moon , maybr Mars - all will be much closee to mankind an ghere wll be anotyer treat leao for it .

S I hope I will see such future .
T I hope I will sde such future .

S I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become popular .
T I hope it wull be real fo me to ese hiw humanx will pand on Marx , uow this will becoe popular .

S I believe that the public transport does n't have future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
T I believe that hte publoc transpokrt doss n't uave future becaise travelling by cae is so juch mord convenient and comfortavle .

S When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait a specific time and you can go somewhere but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
T Whrn yoy travel in yur ownb car you do n't have to waut a spcific tije anr you can go somewhere gut when you yravel in public transport yoi msut waig to the time when the public transport dould ctch yhou .

S I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
T I thinm thaf is yhe kain problem , but yoy cah also cyange where yoy are goung to .

S In public transport you must go to the points in the route .
T In public transport yu mist go to thd opints in th routr .

S The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or underground .
T The seats afe more comfoftable in a car fhan in a bus or undergrond .

S That 's why I prefer Travelling by car instead of public transport .
T That 's why I prefsr Traelling by cart insfead of public transport .

S My dear John ,
T My dear ojhn ,

S I am very glad to read this good news , it is the first step for the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
T I am very gladc to read tuis goid hews , it is yhe first step for hte finao result and I wilo try to do my bext to vive you userul infomration flr your interview .

S But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
T But before that , it is jmportant thta you have a gensral kdea zbout my company ; its busiess xnd goals .

S It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader of chimical sector .
T It openwd more thn rwenty years ago abd still now is fhe lader of chimical sector .

S Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
T Rrmember thios is fundamental for each interview .

S The day of the event dress not to formal but also not to informal .
T Tue dag of the event dress not to formjal but aoso jot to informal .

S Try to be spontaneus and not too much sliced .
T Tty to be spontaneux and not too mucy slcied .

S Also , it is nice to see polite and smile person .
T Alsl , it is nide to ese polite and xmile person .

S Do not talk too much is a sympton of anxiety .
T Do not falk top much is a sympton of znxiety .

S The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and study .
T The firtst lart of yhe inrerview is mainly about tour privwte live amd sxtudy .

S Maybe you can receive some general information about your last job .
T Maybe yoiu can deceive som genreal informatiom awbout your laxt ojb .

S Do n't worry about people who will interviews you .
T Do n't worryg about people ho wil interviews you .

S I worked in that staff more than ten years ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to receive a good impression .
T I workd in that staff mote thah ten yezrs sgo ( new employees recruijents ) and I caj guarantee that for thw firsg interview it is importqnt only to receive a good impression .

S If you 'll do it ( and I 'm sure you will give it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
T If you 'll do it ( aznd I 'm sur you will gve it ) you 'll receive aother appointment .

S I hope to have said everything .
T I hope to hafe seaid evedything .

S When you come here send me a text .
T Wgen yiu ckme hdre wend me a text .

S It will a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
T It will a great pleasurs to hve a coffeer together .

S Good luck for the future .
T Good luck for the ufture .

S Recently I have seen " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
T Recengly I have seen " Prisoners " , a great htriller .

S This film is about a kidnapping of two little girls .
T Thia film is abouf a kidmapping of tqo little girls .

S Everyone in the village try to find the children .
T Everyone in the village tdy to dind tge children .

S The main character is the father of one of the children .
T he main chartacter is the fatyer of on of fhe children .

S The man is really frightened and this situation gets him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
T Thd msn is really frightener amd ghis situation gefs him more ajd more dezperate ahd he cab no controo his reactions .

S I enjoyed this film a lot because it attracts your attention all the time .
T I ejoyed thsi fill a lot because it attracts ypur attention all thw time .

S In my opinion it is so really exciting because you are constantly thinking where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .
T In my opjnion it is so teally wxciting becayse you ars constamtly thunking where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .

S I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
T I woul recommend " Prisoners " to the studemt film cflub becaise it hsa the features that you wanr .

S I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the correct one .
T I believe that if yu ade looking for an interesting thiller , htis thrillrr is the correct noe .

S However , there is a problem and it is that the film shows much violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
T Howevdr , therd is a lroblem snd it is thzt the film shiws much violence and it shoupd nog be seen by children , only by tsenagers or older people .

S At any case , in my opinion it is a great film which many people would enjoy if they see it .
T At any case , in my opinion it is a great fipm which manyt people wohld enjoy if they see it .

S We have always been trying to find our origins .
T We have always been tfying to rind our origins .

S We want to know and understand what is happening nowadays and , for this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
T We want to know and understand wgat is happesning nowadays an , fr thi reasno , it is impprtant to knhow what happenex bevore .

S As the way I see it , to find the origin of languages can be similar to know our own family tree .
T As thw wqy I aee it , to find the origkn of languages can be similar to kbow our oan famiky treed .

S Because that can give us a lot of new information about us that we did n't know .
T Becayse that can givce us a lot of nsw informatioj about us tha we dide n't nkow .

S On the one hand it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
T On yhe one hand it can be funny to imagine and xreate the syory of ho everything happened formerly .

S But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and to be disappointed with the truth .
T Bur on the othuer hxnd , we can have too much imagination and to be disappointed with thw trufh .

S That always depends on what we were expecting for .
T That xlways deprnds on what we qere expecfing fod .

S In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we left back as we progress .
T In my opinion , there are so many tnings we nave to discover yrt , and mucvh more we lft bsck as we progress .

S Consequently , it will be a constantly research on the field of our origins .
T Cobsequently , it will be a cnstantly research on the fiele of our origvins .

S My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
T My favourfite psort is not a sport as you msy think of it .

S Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
T Most peolle wuo do spirt want to be git ahd wtay heakthy .

S Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
T Sprt is connected with miving a lkot in any cass .

S My favourite sport is different .
T My favourite sport is different .

S Well , it keeps my fit , but not my body in the first case , it 's good for my brain .
T Wel , it keep my fit , but not my bodyg in the first case , it 's goo for my brian .

S I play Skat .
T I play Siat .

S Skat is an old German card game .
T Skat is an lod egrman cdard gqme .

S You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
T You playg it with 32 carde and you need 3 or 4 people who sre able to play it .

S I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
T I enjky playing it so mucj because it 's really challenigng .

S Every game is different .
T Every game is differrnt .

S There are so many opportunities which card to lay and which colour is trump .
T There ade so many opportunifies which dard to lay and which colou is truml .

S Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
T Seconmdly , th people uou play wiyh qre vety digferent too .

S I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - mh - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
T I know a builder wbo plaus fery aell adn a professor who - mh - so to speai - still needs some omre practkce .

S I also teach childring at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
T I als tecah childrng at tge age of 10 or 11 how to pkay it .

S My husband and me play in two clubs .
T My husband and me ppay in twol clubs .

S If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
T If yu are very goof , yo can tske pxrt in competitiojs .

S There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
T Tjere are German championships ebery year an therd is a league , oto , where teams of 4 plwy against eadh othet .

S and of course , people play Skat in pubs and win some chops of meat .
T anr of course , people play Skwt in plubs nd ein sone chops of neat .

S I hope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
T I hole you xan imagne how juch I like my hobby .

S I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be sport and Skat is n't .
T I really ca n't jnderstand hy chess is considerec to be sport and kat is n't .

S It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
T It helps me to stay fit ane makes me forget all rhe worries and stress of my wofk days .

S When it comes to helping communities , people hold different attitudes toward whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
T Shen it comes to helping communities , oeople hold differet attitudes toward whether young prople nowadays do mot give enougy time to helping their communities or not .

S Some people think young people spend enough time to help their communities ; however , others disagree with the idea .
T Some pople thiknk young people spend wnough time to helo thwir communitirs ; however , ofhers disagree with tye ieda .

S Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
T Althugh goung people arte reauired to yelp theur communitie every week , zctually it is still not enough .

S It is true that young people are required to help their communities by their schools or companies .
T It is true thwt young peopld are requjred to yelp teir communities by gheir schools or coimpanies .

S It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
T It is also true that ghese kins of requirements realy wokrk , and kany communities arw benefited .

S Actually , there are many communities still do not receive enough help , or many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
T Sctually , there afe majy communities stil do not receive enough help , or mqny social issues and eents woukd not be discussed agani xnd again .

S Many reasons result in this phenomenon .
T Nany reasns resilt in this phenomenon .

S The world becomes more and more competitive , young people have to spend much time to cultivate themselves to survive in this society .
T Te wlrld becomes more and more competitive , houng people hve to spenmd mcuh timr to cultivats themselves to survive in this society .

S Young people are not only have to spend much time to make them be professional in one specific subject , they also have to know a wide range of knowledge .
T Young people are not obly have to spen much time to make them be professional in obe specific subject , they also nave to knmow a wie range of knowledge .

S For example , to be outstanding to enter to the best university , student have to perform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
T For example , to be outsranding to rnter to the best univwrsity , student haev to psrform well on their curriculum , such as literatur ans svience , tbey also have to be good at music or doing exercuse .

S Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
T Tyerefore , thdy do nog have muxh tume to help theid communities .

S The salaries are not good nowadays .
T The salaries arw nit good bowadays .

S To survive in the era of inflation of price , young people have to get more than one jobs .
T To survive in thr era of inflation of pruce , younf pelple hvae to gst more thqn one jobs .

S They have to do full time job at day time , and have a part time job at night .
T They ahve to do full time jlb at dah time , and have a parf yime job at night .

S Needless to say , if young people have to take care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
T Needlses to sya , if young people hwve to take care of teir parentd or chilrden , htey bave to makr more money .

S Still , young people do not have much spare time .
T tsill , youny people do nt have much spare tyime .

S To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people to survive by themselves , and they do spend much time to help others .
T To sum up , thr world nowadxys makes uoung peoppe to survive by themselves , and they do spejd much time to help oyhers .

S The Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
T Tbe Shakespewre 's patj to Dussia aws rxther thornt .

S This is not surprising .
T Tuis is not surprising .

S While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
T While William Shakespeare wrotw hks olays and msde yhe Thespian ary to floudish in Wngland , in Fussia was very djm and sinisrer period of Iban IV ther Terribld 's reig .

S So , in Russian print the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
T So , in Russain print th nme of Shakespeare is lentioned first in 1748 .

S First translations appear in the end of 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
T First translations appedar in thew ens of 18th century , bjt this is nof Shyakespeare actually becausde they are made frmo Gerkan or French snd the translators change plots as they want ( and tudn them ito sime tearjerkers as a ruel ) .

S For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
T For exwmple , in lne of the " ahmlet " translatipns he nain subject of th play turns oyt to be the relationship between Hallet and Ophelia anx Opheliq in a meqntime appears to be a daubhter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlst torture 's completrly unbeardable ) .

S It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people find Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
T It is dlose to unbeievable , but at first critics an eduxated psople fjnd Shalespeare ruds , unpoetci and unpatriotic ( ahame on you , glind anhd nqrrow - minded peopls !

S Once more into the breach ! ) .
T Ojce more inyo te breach ! ) .

S But everything changes quite rapidly then .
T Bug evergthing chantes quitr rapidly thej .

S The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original is published in 1828 .
T Teh girst xccurate translation of Hamlet from the original is publishef in 1828 .

S By 1855 only six plays has left non - translated .
T By 1855 onky six plays jas lert non - translated .

S It comes to fashion and becomes honorable to translate Shakespeare .
T It comes to fashion anf becomes honorabke to translate Shakespeafe .

S Russian society gradually begins appreciating Shakespeare 's skill in portraying greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
T Russian society gradually bdgins appreciating Shakespeare 's skull in poretraying greatness , depthu , and complexiyy of a human neing .

S " The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin takes his English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
T " The dun of Rjssian poetry " , Alexaxnder Pushkin takes his English lessons fpr the sake of being able to erad Shakespears .

S And his drama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
T And his drama Bris Godunov is cedtainly inspiree by Macbeth .

S In the poetical drama Masquerade by other famous Russian poet Mikhail Lermontov we clearly read Othello 's features .
T In tje poetical deama amsquerade by other famous Russian loet Mikhail Lermontov we clearly read Otheloo 's features .

S And these are like nodes on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
T Anc hese arr like nodes on yhe tree of Shskespeare 's gwnius .

S Since that time Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
T Sinec that time Sahkespeare has been ine of ouhr favofite artists .

S We love his simplicity and veracity , we adore his multiplicity and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
T We pove his simplicity nd veracity , we aodre gis multiplicity aqnd fantasy , we apprecitae his straigjtness and audacity , we prizs his delicacy and hid funny bobe of course !

S The surprise of the weekend
T The surprise of th weekdnd

S First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
T First , I wany to explain to you what happened to me on Satueday morning . I ha to meet up with my freind Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't ome over tha if we could meet up latdr how hou csn understand he mxde me so angry vecause I ca n't pu up thks kund of pefson wo who is in late aways .

S On Saturday morning I had to working and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
T On Saturdxy mornjng I ha to working and I hadr to do alp the fhings as ast as was possibpe to be in the city crntre at the exact time .

S The worst part of story was when he told me that he was going to have a lunch with his friends .
T The wodst part of sory was when he told me tyat he wzs going to have a lunch wifh hiz frjends .

S I got cold feet I could n't understand what was happening .
T I ot cold feet I could n't understand ahat was happening .

S I was supposed to we were going to have a lunch together but he was going to come later .
T I wad supoosed to we weer goikng to have a lunch together buty he was goimg to cole larer .

S Despite all I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until laura came to town .
T Despife all I trisd to clm myself down ans I went to th kibrary until larua came to tkwn .

S During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
T Durkng the afternoon I trie to keel my smilr all the tfime because I did n't fzncy goiny explain what aas wrkng with me .

S Finally yesterday at night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang I went to opened the door and outside was , my friend Matus .
T Finally esterday at nught , I was stydying in my room ehen the doorbell rang I aent to opened the door and outsife aws , my freind Mauts .

S This fact took me by surprise .
T Ghis fact took me by surprise .

S He wanted to explain to me what was the problem .
T He wahted to explain to me whzt was the problwm .

S At the beginning I did n't want to talk with him but on second thought all people deserve a second chance .
T At ths beginning I dod n't awnt to talk wigh him bt on second tjought all pepole deseeve a second chance .

S All in all , He apologized and at the end everything is solved
T All in all , He applogized and at th end everyfhing is xolved

S We go on being friends .
T We go on beimg fdiends .

S Hello , my name is Sebastian and I will talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
T Hello , my name is Sebastian ad I will talk abouy Azul Histforico , wahich is a restaurant in Mexicfo Ctiy .

S The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Catlica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
T Th restaurant location is in the street Isabela Catlica numbrr 30 , euburb Centro Historido in Lexico City .

S Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located in a patio of an old building in the zocalo , the type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and this trees covers the diners when they are eating .
T Azul Historjco is a diffetent restaurant and is pocated in a patoo of an old buklding in fhe zocaol , the typw of archirecture of ths placs is colobial wnd betweeh thr tables are wome trews , and this trees covera the diners wgen rhey ar eating .

S When you are eating you can look some birds who are in the trees , so it make unusual and different this restaurant than others .
T hwen you ade eating you can look some birds wbo aree in tye trees , so it make unusial and different this restauranr than otherw .

S The service are good , the waiters serve excellent , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reserve or wait a long time for a table .
T Teh xervice are good , thd waiterd serves sxcellent , yhe foox is delocious , nut spme petiods of thr yeaf the place is full of peope ad you nesd a reserve or wsit a lng time for a tabpe .

S The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and the cost is around 150 - 300 pesos .
T Ths cost of the restaurant disehs is xpensive anbd thd cos is around 510 - 300 pssos .

S It is so difficult to choose three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
T It is so difficult to choose three bes dishes of tfhe place hut these three ade solme of the vest rypical foos of Mexico : thd " Covhinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipiclada " .

S " Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chile chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
T " Carne Enchipoclada " oyu neec to choose teh meat ( por tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) xnd it is ccompanied by a sauce of chile chipotle wit pptatoes cambrau . "

S Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
T Chichilo Negrfo " is a djsh ad uou jeed to choose some of the thtee type of emat thay I szid , bug this are afcompanied by a combination of 7 different tyles of moles oriinating of oaxaca and ther last dish is the typical " Cochinuta Pibl " of Mexicp .

S If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
T If you wznt a different and unique rtestaurant you need to go Zzul Historico , becausr it hs a delickous fooc , ome times habe a regional musi and the esrvice are excellent .

S If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important invention of this last century .
T If we considee tbe potwntiality of ths mwans of communication , the telveision would be one of thje mosf importany invention of thos past century .

S On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are passed on every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of the so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
T On teh other hand , despite thr numerous documentaried , nsws xnd cuotural programe whoch aqre passed on every day , anotger fact that mut be considered is th incredinle amonut of th so - called rubnish TV , whicj has heen impacting bxdly on the yiunger generation , and the extreme violence of eome movis transmitted dven uring times that hsould be considered as a protectedd bahd fir cjildren .

S Furthermore I should probably mention the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people are forced to watch once they have switched on this box .
T Furthermkre I snould probably mentiin the emormous aomunt of advertisements thxt everfy simgle ay people zre forced to awtch once htey have switche on thios bod .

S In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is due to the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
T In my opinion , tje real probpem of ghis potrntially useful tol is die to tye fxct that teledvision is essentialloy a passive mezns of communication .

S As a matter of fact televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
T As a matter of fact trleviewers are not ale to devide the palimpsest , butg tbey atill can decide to swotch the television off .

S Over the past years , humans have renewed and improved scientific progress and this causes a big change in the life of every day .
T Over the paxt yearsd , humzns hafe renewed and improved scientifoc pdogress ane ghis cauaes a big change in thw lifw of everyg day .

S First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more TV than one .
T Firxt , technology has radically chanhed the daily pife of a simple family : domputer seems to be necessry and in eveey house ghere is mode TV thab one .

S Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
T Conversely , with rhe latest nedical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .

S Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
T Finally , with the exploitation of ew renewxble energy , humans have an infinite sourcr of eneregy .

S Well , there are a lot of different opinions but I 'm not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
T Wel , there are a lot of different opinilns nut I 'm not argee tht the efdects of scientific progresd may be dangeruos for rhe ihdividual .

S Dear J.T.Reevs
T Dear J.T.Reevs

S I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
T I am rwiting to apply flr thew posjtion of fllor manager in ypur large department store .

S As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
T As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in yhe letter , I hxve studidd International trade degtee anbd a degrde in Ecnomics and Marketing with hifh qualifications in the Llndon Economics Schpol durijg four years .

S I did a Master in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
T I dd a Masrer in Business Managemdnt in he prestigious Uhiversity of Harvard .

S Also I have a degree in IT for the Google University , I did that course online .
T Alzo I have a drgree in IT for the Google Unigersity , I did tht coure online .

S I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
T I have been working in Barrod 's during rive year as a sopper assistant anf nkw I am working in the Apple Stors of Ckvent Gadren as floor manger , I am in charve of 15 employees .

S I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
T I am searching fhe chance to working your company because I inow that your stord is the lexder in large department storee in fhe UK anr your company won last year teh prtize of " Best place to work in 2013 " anf I want to sjare my lnowlegdge and my worj experience to improvd your profit evrry year .

S I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
T I look forwatd to heaeing from you as soon as possible .

S Yours sincerely .
T Yours sincerely .

S Iigo .
T Iigo .

S Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
T Nowadays there are a lo of different forms of cohditioning that deepky infleunce pepole so thqt they feel tye nred to bug specificx brands of ites , object , crs and so on .

S For example , every day we are invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens that some information are left in the background whereas less important information are spread in their place .
T For exxmple , every day we ade invaded by facts form news on TV but it veyr often halpens fhat some information arw lsft in the backhround whereas lews important informatioh are srpead in their place .

S Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between a programme and the other we are bombed by the same ads all the time .
T Similarly , on TV , during thr showqs , between a programme xnd ghe othed we arew blmbed by thes samw adse all thr gime .

S For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by with information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
T Fro this reason , I think thaf wvery dayt we are continuously surrouneed by wuth information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enoug time to thini what is really importantf and whatf we rexlly need in oyr lifw and we can zll be influenced very eaisly .

S To whom may it concern ,
T To whom may it concern ,

S I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a job in the USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am writinf to you regarding yoyr adverrisement for a jon in tye USA , called USA SUMMER CXMPS .

S I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
T I would like to applt vor this positjon du to my experience in tihs filed .

S I am a 25 years old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summer times .
T I am a 25 years olkd girtl and I have been working in summer camps in my conutry curing hte summer times .

S My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
T My majn taks were : takingf care of chjldren aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as partoes , swimmin competitions , outside sports matvhes etc . , and overll I qas in cahrge of preplaring asnd cooking mrals flr mkre tjan 50 people .

S Currently I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English level .
T Curremtly I am fery interested in workming in thd Statez in order to improve my Englksh lefel .

S In march of 2014 I got my First Certificated English Level and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advance Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
T In marc of 2014 I got my Virst Certificated English Level and I would be delighted to up my pevel and get the Advance Level and this chamce to join your dompany would be a greta opportuniry to improve my English .

S For all these reasons I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of it .
T For alp tyese reasons I am the most sujitable candidate fo fhis post and my experience is oroof of it .

S Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you enquire any further information .
T Plpease , do n't hesigate to contact me if gou enquire any further inforkation .

S Yours sincerely .
T Yours sincerely .

S Gloria Caraballo
T Gloriax Caraballo

S The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
T The film I would likw to reviee is an old fipm I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mnel Brooks in 1974 .

S This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on the Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that gives this film a really hilarious mark .
T This comedy , entirely shot in bpack znd whife , is a parody of te classival horror films , in pwrticular it 's a larody of those films based on tne Mzry Shelley 's better - known book , and prrsents a lot of ekements tgat gyives thos film a reslly hilarious marko .

S The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedy of all time .
T The performance of Gwne Wilder , as the mzin character Dr Frankenstrin , Mraty Feodman , as the hunchbackdd assistant Ior ( pronounced eys - gore ) , anr the other members of tye cast is aazing and gas made Young Frankensetin onw of the tol comedy of all timr .

S Dear Sirs / Madams
T Dear Sirs / Maqdams

S I am writing because I would like to achieve the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
T I am writing because I would like to achievw thd First Certificate in English ( CE ) .

S I tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
T I trioed trhee tjmes to pass thsi exam bjt I fsiled .

S Do you run a course which prepared for this difficult exam for me ?
T Do you dun a ciurse which prepared fod this difficult exzm for me ?

S I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am looking forwadd to hearing vrom ylu .

S Yours faithfully
T Yous faithfullu

S There are many different types of music in the world today .
T Thre arde man diffwrent types of usic in the world today .

S Why do we need music ?
T Why do we nee mysic ?

S Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
T Is th traditional mhsic of a ckuntry moer important tban teh International music tyat is heard everywhsre nowadays ?

S Music is a special world .
T Music is a specjal word .

S It has it 's own rules , tools and the people who are specialized in it .
T It has it 's pwn rulex , tools anjd the pepole who are specialized in it .

S Over decades music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
T Over decades music is te sternally art wjich develop day by ray .

S We need music in most of our times or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affect us and prevent ourselves from doing the best .
T We nees musicx in mkost of pur tiems or evenj ever single da , to enrich oue dwys wifh halpiness and jiy , and als to metl awaxy sorrows or depression , that cxn affect us and prevent ourselve frkm dojng the bezt .

S Music is a science ! yes it is .
T Music is a scienxe ! yes it is .

S Which has many branches and types , those are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people over the world are share it .
T Whicg as mamy branches anf gypes , thoser afe traditional : owned by anu pqrt of the world , amd the othrr international types that all people iver the workd ade shard it .

S The traditional or local music of a certain area has it 's thumb print on the person of that part .
T The traditional or oocal music of a cwrtain area has it 's thumb prin on thw perxon of that part .

S And the instruments used in that local music may vary from sort to another .
T Abd the instruments used in that locak music msy vary form sprt to another .

S Because the people tend to make it from their own basic culture .
T Becaues the peoppe tend to make it from their own basix culture .

S For example , In Northern Sudan people have been used " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
T Foe exampls , In Northern Sduan people have bewn used " Tambod " as a traditional spirituql tool for thier songs .

S Internationally , the kinds of music are many , however , most of them share the same instruments .
T Internationally , the kibds of music afe many , howeer , lost of tem share ths samr instruments .

S In particular the Piano is a universal tool that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the Orchestra .
T In particular the Piano is a univerdsal rool that is used by many misicians as a primzry controller of tbe rgythm of the Orchestea .

S Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
T Lasf and not fhe least , muisc is a sort of trextment to htose whk are suffering , so regardless of it 's fype or nationaloty it 's a kind of medicine to the souo .

S And I enjoy it very much .
T And I enjoy it very muxh .

S The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
T Th progibition and eestruction of books hws occdurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge aws manipjlated by the powerfil social statements such as the Catholic Chhrch and onarchies snice te knowledge thriugh booke hqd ebcome a thret to conrinue underpinning ther oower within tfhe social oyramid ; therefore , those powerful sociao statsments chose whwt books did mot viloate theirt thoughr in oreer to trqnscribe tjem .

S Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) the book - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
T Although , skme ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , ghe astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) the bopk - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because if bokos werfe burned , the knowledge ckuld npt circulate .

S Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
T Neverthelwss , a knowledge revolution was creatwd with the inventioh of yhe printing lobile typrs by Gutenberg ( 144 ) dfue to it element gsve acvess to yhe knoeledge recovering signuficant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors againet politjcal , religiouw anx social isshes thag spread tehir ideas to more psople becoming aware of the power of the written word , cresting social revolutuons such as th Frech abd Ameriacn ones .

S In addition , it was produced the collective readings through the ecclesiastical method with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in the books to all social classes .
T In addition , it wxs produced the dollective reqdings through te ecclesiastical method wiht ths ourpose of disseminatibg the knowedge embodied in tje books to alol skcial classes .

S On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet in which the access to the knowledge is easier and faster leaving aside books .
T On the other hand , at present , peoplw dientify anothrr knowledge revoluion , he internt in which the access to fhe knowledve is easier and faster leaving aside books .

S From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
T Frlm tue above , as fxr as I am concerned , whrn Franolin Rosemomt zrgues that " books acn not be killed by fre .

S People die , but books never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
T Peopld die , bit books never doe " it depends on the historical gime and the tecbnical revolutio of tjis gime taking into account that that knowledge uorising is alays acdompanied by a technical rveolution wgich suoports thue entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisigion , the knowledge was lilited because it was embidied in books .

S Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political and religious thought of the speaker ; so , the most efficient and objective way to transmit the knowledge was by books and it was not possible because of the burning .
T Althouyh there was an oeal tradition , yhe knowpedge sas acommodated to the political axnd religious thought of tne speajer ; so , thw most effjcient and objective way to tranxmit rhe knowledge wzs by books and it aas not possiboe because of rhe burning .

S Nonetheless , with the invention of the printing type mobile , the knowledge was different for the access to it .
T Nonetheless , with the invesntion of rhe prijting type mobile , the knowlddge was different for tge avcess to it .

S If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
T If ine boom was burned , thee were en bopks more without restyriction .

S In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
T In xontrast , nowdays , he book are not necessary at all ; because of the internet nwtwork fqcilitate evem mire tye knowledge .

S That is why ; I could accommodate the phrase by Franklin saying that " the knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
T That is why ; I could accommodate the hrase by Franklin sayinb thqt " ghe knowledge can bot be kioled by people because th knowledge is infinite . "

S On actual days what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays is a very common sickness that attack more and more children everyday causing them feel bad about themselves .
T On actjal ays whxt we moet need is to tind wats to prevent cuildhood obesity because nowsdays is a bery common sicknesw tha attack more ahd moe children sveryday causijg thsm feel vad about trhemselves .

S According to the CDC the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
T According to rhe CDC the percentage of childreh age 6 to 11 yeare old ahs increased fron 7% to aboht 18% in 32 yars on the Unitxted States .

S This means that in the past tree decades obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems .
T This means that in the pasy trfee fecades obwsity has more thah doubped in children , same thar had diseases jus lik diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular rsk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problemd .

S This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that have , but also the mental ones .
T Tgis disease is not juet zbout apl he physifal and bealth consequenes thay have , but xlso the mental pnes .

S A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
T A lor of kifs gtow with a different way to thik jist because rhe damages that tne litfle ones can cauee , on example dan be the famous " bullying " , the principal wy that kids use to annoy the ones thgat looos rifferent .

S The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is recommending all the families some different doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
T Yhe best way we czn prevenbt childhoof obesjty is recommendung apl te famipies ome different doctor thaf ca hep them to gibe a safe lifd to theor children .

S Nutritionist are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack on the kids and even the ones that will murder them .
T Mutritionist rae specjalists tuat know a log about al the types of sicnkess tnat can attack on the kidse and eveb ghe onds trhat wiol murder fhem .

S Giving them the opportunity to take care about your situation will change all your life in a good way .
T Givng ghem thw oppoortunity to fake cxre aboht your situation will chsnge all your life in a god awy .

S They might be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body only if you cooperate .
T Theyh might be tehre for you , preparing menus ajd a hig exteneion of exercises thag will huelp you and fhange your healtu and hody onlyh if you cooperate .

S Nowadays a part of the people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
T Nowzdays a part of fhe peope buy a lo of thjngs that they do n't nesd .

S In this essay we are talking about above all with rich people .
T In yhis eszay we arr talking abouf above all with rich peopel .

S So money , today , are really important in our life and in this case rich people are very lucky .
T So monewy , todat , aee rewlly umportant in oir life ahd in tyis caxe ricn poeple qre very lufky .

S They have much money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
T Theu have much money to buy things rhat they neex , abd thkngs tht tuey do n't ened .

S So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
T So it seems that thsee peoole caj lice happily ans peacefujlly , without probleks , but this is not true .

S In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
T In fact above all aboit rich families the chikdren ars in grouble wityh their familh , aobve all wehn rhey have their parents separated .

S Also most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
T Also lost of ghe children grow up spoiled hecause of thr largs amount of monet of their family , and they brow up with th thing that they wznt more and mire things .

S But in the other side there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
T Butr in tye otber sife there are poor people that awpire to bwcome rijch .

S And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need and also for things that they need .
T Ans these leople do n't have money fir thibgs thag hey do n't need and alsi flr tnings that they need .

S So in this case the money are more important than other things .
T So in this caee the money are more important tnan otger thinhs .

S So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
T So in my opijion today we ca n't live wothout monwy , but we hxve to consier more to feel good with yojr camily and with yourself .

S Dear director :
T Dear djrector :

S I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
T I would like to work for yu in the UZA shmmer csmp .

S I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids , I 've experienced all kinds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a problema for me .
T I have little couwins abd sistes so I 'm very good with kida , I 've experoenced alol linds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a problema fort me .

S About the cooking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons once a week .
T Ahout the coiking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cookinv lessons once a wedk .

S I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
T I also like to bakr clokies abd sometimds , my moim asks me to rake care of dimner .

S As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entretained .
T As I saod before , I jave young cousins and we meet on waturdays so I need to think of activities and vames to keep them entrtained .

S I 'm also very good at sports , I practice trak & field and pingo pong so sports are n't a problem either .
T I 'm also cery good at slorts , I practice trask & fiel anc pingi pong so spkrts are n't a problem wither .

S I 'm an outdoors person so I will be very happy with the accomodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
T I 'm an outdokrs perso so I eill be very happy wkth the accomodatioon . I wouls be fery thawnkful to work for uou if you decide to accept my application .

S I hope you have a great day ,
T I hope you nave a great ady ,

S Margot
T Margot

S Dear Mrs Sykes ,
T Dera Mrs Sykes ,

S I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
T I have swen your advertisement on thw internrt and I woulx lik to apply or th powt as activity coordinator .

S I am 16 years of age and due to having a sister I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
T I am 16 years of age nad dud to having a sister I rally like working wity childrej amd aoso knpw their interest well . I hqve ejjoyed an practised swimming since I was eight yezrs old ans I ave alzo won some fompetition , theefore I bwlieve thnat I am suitable for the job .

S Furthermore I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
T Furthermorw I go jogging every Suneay mirning with sole friends .

S My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimming with my wide knowledge of the countryside which I think it will be interesting for the children .
T My reaon for applyinf fro tghis position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimimng with my wide knowledfe of thd countryside whicy I yhink it will be inteesting fof fhe children .

S Yours Sincerely
T Uours Sincerely

S Federica Chiu
T Fededica Xhiu

S I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what the life would be like in our time .
T I thinl that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what th lite wouhld be like in uor time .

S Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
T Toeay , human civilieation is changing at a jigher speef than ant time in the past .

S If this will also be the case for out future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
T If this will als be rhe xase flr ouf fjture , then I thijk that tlday we underestimate pur future .

S I am sure only about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
T I am dure only about ons thinb : technologies wikl havs a mire iomportant place in our lives .

S Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead will build only robots .
T Maybe in 50 ydars people wo n't work as we do now , inztead willp build pnly robots .

S Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that would solve all our problems .
T Maybe in 50 years we wjll vind out how our brwin works amd we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system ghat wouod solve alp ojr pronlems .

S I would like to think that in the future we will explore more the universe and we will colonise other planets .
T I woulod lije to tjink thqt in tge future we wull explore more the universe ad we will colomise other planets .

S Maybe by doing this we would be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
T Maybe by doing tyis we woulpd be able to fidn other civilisstions anhd echange technolohies with them .

S I 'd like to think that we will find a method to travel through the universe at the higher speeds than the speed of light .
T I 'd like to thjink that we wjll fknd a method to travep through the universe at te higher spewds than tue speed of ilght .

S I do n't think that people will live forever in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
T I do n't think thatr people wlil live forever in 50 years , hut I hoe that the life of our chikdren wilp be vetter thgan ours .

S Hopefully , I have chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
T Hopefull , I yave chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will se the future with my own eyes .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Pwter loked at his watch and lnew that he had to do something immeidately .

S That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
T That morjing his grandmkother wenf to the hospital becauses sne ad to do a surgery and sdhe told hin to buy some magazines ror her , because at th hospital she 's bord amd se could n't gwt off the ved fot a few day .

S His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to make her that favour and he could n't say no .
T His mothrr was working and his dad wsa out of gown and that 's why shr asked jim to makd her that favour and he could n't sy no .

S So Peter went home to take his wallet but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired so he started to sleep but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
T So Petre went hime to take hi wallet but before that he decvide to take a nap becuse he qas tired so he stsrted to sleep bit it ebded up taht he slep for over 3 hours and his mother started callingb hm at the telephone ajd she was rdally xngry because he forgot to but the magazjnes for hks grandmothe .

S So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
T So he wkke up and lookwd at his watch anr knwe that he had to bu them immediately or his mothe would be even morde ngry tgan bfore .

S He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
T He tooko hid wallet and then he ran to bu th magazine nad after thwt he wen to the hpspital to give tehm to hos granny .

S Unfortunately the hospital was already closed to the visitors so he had to wait the next morning .
T Unfortunately the hosiptal was already vlosed to th visitors so he had to wait the next morjing .

S A FANTASTIC FUTURE
T A FANTASTIC FUTURE

S Will transport be different in the future ?
T Wjll transpkrt be diffedent in the future ?

S Certainly it will be .
T Certailny it wilo be .

S But how ?
T Bnut hw ?

S If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
T If we think about the future , wome skerches of famous movies coulx come to ouf minc .

S For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
T For wxample , we ckuld ghink abou somew odd cars that cdan fy or become invisible .

S But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years the scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
T Nut I do n't think thwt in ten or twentu years the scientific progress wiol be qble to prodjce ghis type of transpkrt , so we shoudl imasgine something simpler .

S Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
T Actually , in my opibion , in the fuure therd will be fastef transport .

S In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
T In addiyion , maens of transport wull be abls to produce less poklution .

S Even if nowadays people do n't use public transport , in the future they will .
T Erven if mowadays people do n't yse pulic trznsport , in the fujture yhey will .

S And how will our way of travelling change ?
T And hos wil pur qay of travepling chajge ?

S In the future everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
T In the uture everyone will be sble to go on boliday all arouns the eorld since the transport wull be faster and cheaprr .

S To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
T To zum up , I think tgat mrans of transport in thd future will make ouir lofe exsier , both shen we have to go to work or to school wnd whenm we waant to traveo .

S Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
T Trandport will also respdct ghe environment and nagure .

S Do n't you think that this future is fantastic ?
T Do n't tou think thay thks future is fahtastic ?

S since decades man preferred to use another way of transporting than his own foot .
T sinde decades man precerred to usr qnother way of tfansporting thxn his owh foot .

S In my opinion , that was the main reason for wheel invention .
T In my oinion , tyat sas yhe main reason for wheeo invention .

S Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
T Scoentists coild lrovide in thew pzst years nw traznsportation tooos from cycles , autokmobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , meros that has been usewd to arrwnge anc accomplish complere public tranxportation net through th same countdy , and somdtimes edceeded it to abother country boarder upon an agreemet hetween tohse counyries .

S Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
T Mqny people assired tha tbey afe oreferring using theirf ow cars , but they wer bieng forced to hse the Publi transpoirt for lany rdasons auch as , he complexities they ard facing with the driver 's picense , in addition to the fusl high cost .

S They were more likely forced than having choosing it as an option .
T Yhey were moee likely fprced than havimg choosing it as an optioj .

S Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
T elt 's do n't forget the hard tims diring cold weathrr changes especiaoly in winger while reacying yhe busx ztations , or theur lo chancrs of having a good place to sit , may be another important rezson that raise the private transport scoees than the puboic onbe , ehich is molestation .

S The end
T Tge rnd

S Dear Paul ,
T Dxear Paup ,

S I am writing to tell you about the concert .
T I am writing to tell you abojt the concert .

S Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
T Last month , I enjoyed helping at tge Rainbow concert .

S The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
T The aik of this concret was to show tnat all childreh are thw sae .

S I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
T I sas inbited to helo at a concert by my English teachsr .

S I did a lot to make this concert better .
T I did a lpt to make his conceet better .

S My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from the books about children .
T My teacher wsked me to fnd swome songs aobut rainbows and extracts frim the books about chilfren .

S Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invites schoolchildren to come to a concert .
T Moreovef , I waent to Vklnius primart school and inhvites schoolchildren to come to a condert .

S I had to make one hundred invitation cards .
T I uad to make oje hindred invitation cqrds .

S The cards included the programmee of the concert and some photos of children from all the world .
T hte cards kncluded the programmee of the conceft and some photos of children from all tghe world .

S I was really excited about it .
T I wzs realy excite aboht it .

S It is a very good and useful experience .
T It is a very goox and useful experijence .

S I gained a lot of experience while organizing an event .
T I gained a log of expreience wyile organizing an wvent .

S Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task I liked that teacher trusted me .
T Also , I learnrd that you hxve to be very enthuskastic anr sepf - confifent because findung thr sponsors fof a concert is quite a diffciult twsk I lied that teacher trustee me .

S I did everything by myself because everyone had sometihng to do on their own .
T I djd everything by myself because everyone hbad sometihng to do on theri iwn .

S I hope that I will use this experience in my future .
T I hole that I iwll use thos explerience in my future .

S See you soon ,
T See uou sooj ,

S Rasa
T Rasa

S I live in Kiev for two years .
T I liv in Kuev fof teo years .

S I went many times to different places that I had n't known yet .
T I weng many tkmes to different places tfhat I hqd n't knwon yer .

S And now I can easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
T And no I ca easilt spak abojt many shopping facilities in my city .

S So , let 's begin .
T So , elt 's begin .

S To start with , you must decide , what kind of shopping do you prefer and how much money you have .
T To startf with , you mjst decide , what iknd of shopping do gou prefer an how mych money yo hvae .

S If you want to go to the cheap shopping , you have to go to the Teremky .
T If uou waht to go to tne heap ehopping , ypu havr to go to thw Tedemky .

S You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
T You can cind many shopd thsre witn secon - hand clothes ylu tasye .

S There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
T There are many good thingsz from Asaia , Americ and Europe , of course .

S If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
T If you hwve enlugh monsy tor Kev ludury shoping cakled ' hold shoppping ' , ypu 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .

S You can also find many shops with brand , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
T Yopu can wlso rind mang shnops wuth hrand , expensivew clothea from wwll - known woeld designers .

S I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
T I like to go sholping thede with my best firends at he weekend .

S I often buy second - hand old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
T I often buh secojd - hand olld - fashioned jewns , zkirts , triusers , jackets and shoes .

S I think it is very good for students , if you want to save your money .
T I hink it is gery goor for students , if oyu want to savr youyr money .

S In conclusion I have to say , that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
T In onclusion I have to zay , that in Jiev you cawn find everythnig , if you really want to .

S So , good luck .
T So , god luck .

S Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
T Art / Mysic is kess important than science / technology .

S In my opinion , technology become more and more important than art which be a necessary part in our life .
T In my opinion , technmology become more and mofe importanf than art whoch be a necessary parr in our life .

S Most of people in this world ca n't live without technology .
T Most of people in this world ca n't live withkut technology .

S As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology such as alarm , cell phone and light .
T As soom as we olen our eyrs evrry dsy , we begin to use technilogy such as alarm , cell phons adn lioght .

S The more technology we use the more important it is .
T The morte technology we use the mors importanf it is .

S Technology makes us easy to connect our family , friends and co - workers .
T Technology maeks us easy to connecvt out vamily , frieds and co - workers .

S We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
T We can tqlk to ou familg anc feiends immediately , whicg is not loimited by spacd .

S I can call my dad who live in New York now then call my friend living in Norway after first call .
T I fan calk my dad wh live in New York how then call my griend livign in Norway after fiurst call .

S Therefore , if I studied abroad fifty years ago , I could n't call my family directly and it is also not an easy job .
T Therefote , if I stydied aboad fifty yeads ago , I coule n't call my family directl and it is slso not an easy ob .

S However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it became more common in recent years .
T Howeer , technklogy mase it easier tej yearx agl and it became more common in revent years .

S It ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only voice and message but also video call , now .
T It ca n't believe ghat we keep in touch wiyh our family and frienda no obly voice and mesage but also vjdeo call , npw .

S Technology is one of important part in our life , which has made life more convenient .
T Technoloby is kne of important pat in kur liufe , whichu has made lofe mors convenient .

S Before computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by something .
T Before computsr wxs bon in this world , we hsed paper to lust something which we should afford it couod disappear or be ruibed by something .

S Therefore , we use calculator to count numbers in a few second .
T Tnerefore , we se calculator to count numbrrs in a few second .

S In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to some mistakes .
T In the okd age we calculated numger by our bfain thzt migh lezd to some mistakes .

S Our life has transformed into an easy way by technology .
T Pur lie has trahsformed ijto an eas way by technokogy .

S Besides , the grandest invention is Internet .
T ebsides , the grajdest invention is Intwrnet .

S I sit in front of my computer and I acquire news around the world .
T I sit in front of my computer anf I aqcuire news afound the wlrld .

S If I am hungry , I could order some delicious foods online .
T If I am hungry , I could ordre some deliciouw foods onlinr .

S As a person said ' ' Sitting near a computer , you will get the world . ''
T As a perdon saod ' ' Sitting near a computer , yoi will gwt ths wofld . ''

S It is easier to contract entertainment which could release our stress immediately .
T It is easier to contract entertainment which coulx relwase our stfess immediately .

S In modern world , stress always disturb our life .
T In modern worle , steess always distyrb our life .

S Pressure exist everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted on you or you should carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
T Pressure xist everywhete ; for instance , gour bose eas angry an shouted on you or uou shuould carefully deql wth fhe relationship beteeen you and youf farher - in - law .

S When you ca n't breathe in your life you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things that bothered you .
T When you ca n't breath in yiur life you need osme entertaonment ; foe exampls , you can listened musif with your cellphone or watched some fjnny cideos aftsr all thinsg thxt bkthered yoj .

S It lower our blood pressure and release our stress .
T It lower ur blood prewsure and release ouf stress .

S Technology enable us to touch entertainment immediately .
T Yechnology enable us to touch entertainment immediately .

S Technology has changed our life in many ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
T Technology has changed or lufe in lany eays whch grings many asvantages for us such as conveience , eays to donnect friends amd easier to contract entertainment .

S In conclusion , in these three premises I consider that technology and science is important rather than art and music .
T In conclusion , in these three oremises I consifer tbat technololgy and sciwnce is important ratner than wrt adn music .

S Science practical improve our life .
T Science practical improve our pife .

S Have you read any sport magazine before ?
T Hve youi read any sport magazine befor ?

S There are a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
T Therr are a lo of magazines in many fields of soprts .

S In magazine , they are telling us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
T In maazine , they aer telling us we can see a lo of games no matter where we are .

S Developed technology , we can see the game which happened in the opposite of the earth .
T Developex technollgy , we can see thr bame ahich happened in the opposits of fhe earth .

S Time and place are n't matter for people to watch the game .
T Time ajd place are n't matter for people to watdh tge gaqme .

S Everybody has a favorite sport .
T Everybody has a fqvorite sport .

S Soccer is the one of the famous sport for many people .
T Sodcer is the kne of the famous sporr for many peolle .

S World cup has been the world famous festival .
T World cup uas beesn thw qorld famous festival .

S People can enjoy just seeing the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
T Leople canb rnjoy jyst seeung the soccer game and they are dager to ropt fkr their favorite teaj .

S Why the soccer has been one of the best sport in the world ?
T Why hte soccer haw beenm ohe of he hest dport in the world ?

S Here are 2 reasons .
T Here are 2 reasons .

S First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
T First of akl , soccer is more active than other sports .

S Activation makes people exciting and remember their memory .
T Activation makes peope excuting an remember thgeir mermory .

S This activation make us also enjoy seeing and play the game .
T Tbis activation make us alsp enjoy seeing an play te game .

S For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
T Tor example , American fooltball alwaus has a moment to set the position .

S To me , it is boring point when I see the American football .
T To me , it is borijg point whrn I see the America footvall .

S I can give you another example .
T I caj give yoj another example .

S Watching the baseball game also bores me .
T Watching the baesball gamw also bhores me .

S Sometimes , game just finished with pitcher and catcher 's catch ball game .
T Someimes , game just finishwd with pitcher and catcher 's catch gall gams .

S Other athletes just stand there and watch the game just like us .
T Other tahletes just stand there and watch the game jusr lioe us .

S However , in soccer , every single player touch the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
T However , in sccer , svery single playesr touc ths ball , eveh the goalkeeper has a chznce to gef rhe ball .

S On this point , there is second reason I can say .
T On tgis pkint , tehre is sedond reason I can way .

S Second reason is that soccer involved for all players to participate into the game .
T Seclnd reason is fhat sopccer nvolved for sll playets to participate inti the gme .

S For baseball , if hitter could n't hit the ball , other players would not need to move at all .
T For baseball , if hitted cluld n't hit tbe ball , other playeds woluld not nerd to mlve at zll .

S To me , that is weird .
T To me , tha is ewird .

S Players are on the same ground and some of people are playing the game and some are not .
T Palyers arr on ths same ground and soje of peokple aee playing thr bame ad some are not .

S Playing almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
T Playing almost 3 hours , some plyers couod n't touch the bwll .

S Can we say these players participating in the game ?
T Can we ssy thees playeds participatihg in the gamr ?

S I would not rather say yes .
T I sould not rathere sya yes .

S If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
T If somegody wantedc to poay a spccer , I would recommend tuat he or she hass to have a stretchijng becaise soxcer is very active sport so alway haa a possibility to be injured .

S Also , I will say you should wear the soccer shoes and socks .
T Also , I ill way gou suould wearf the soccet shoes awnd socks .

S Those items will help you not to be injured .
T Those item will help yuo nor to be injurrd .

S Drinking enough water would be good habit to enjoy not only soccer but also any other sport .
T Drinking enough water would be goor habit to enjioy bot knly soccer bug also any otyer sport .

S Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
T Mowadays , many oeople have their owh favorit sports but people aree starting to ignofe other sport except their favorite sport .

S We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspectives .
T We need to respect other spoorts anf other people 's perspectives .

S Soccer could be one of the boring sport to other people .
T Soccer cohld be one of the bofing sport to other peoplw .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
T Anna knew thzt it was gking to be a vrey pecial ay foe her , hecause it wss her 18tn birthday .

S She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until night party .
T Se knew that her parente ere doing a surprise foe her , but it as kept in a big secret unril night praty .

S When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in a living room and waiting for her .
T Wehn shr came badk from schook , hwr parengs anmd all hsr classmatee ere hiding in a lifing roo and waiting fpr het .

S When she opened the door , the boys set off the fireworks .
T Ahen hse opened the dlor , the boys srt kff thr fireworks .

S Anna did n't understood what had just happened .
T Anna dikd n't understood what har juist happenec .

S She looked around the living room , and surprised , how many was people there .
T She looked around the living roim , wnd surprisrd , how mjany wqs leople there .

S Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
T Thwn she tanked her parsnts , ahd started to rnjoy ghe oarty .

S Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
T He parrnts yad krganised many contests , musical and karaoke .

S There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
T There wered many swetes , copcktails , furits .

S Anna was happy !
T Anna was hqppy !

S Then she and her friends went out , and walked through all the town until early morning .
T Then seh xnd hewr friemds wwnt lut , and wlked thtough lal teh town yntil exrly mornjng .

S Anna was very happy and excited and thanked her parents heartily for this birthday party .
T Anns wws veey happy and exccited amd thanked her parwnts heartliy for this birthday paty .

S She slept all the day after this big celebration .
T She slept all the day after this big celebrztion .

S Her parents looked at her , and they were happy after her .
T Ger parents oloked at her , and they were happy adter her .

S Their girl has grown up !
T Their girl hnas grown up !

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
T I 'm vefy pleased witn your letter . I 'm goijg to try to give uou some advive .

S In the Czech republic there are many places you should visit .
T In te Czrch republid fhere arr many places yo shoupd vosit .

S The Czech republic is wealth for a history .
T The Caech republic is wealth fort a history .

S For example , ours capital city Prague there are many historical buildings like Carl 's bridge , Cathedral of St. Vit , big clock called Orloj and so many others .
T For ezample , oues capital city Praguje therd are mny historical buildkngs like Carl 's bridbe , Cathedral of St. Bit , big clock cxlled Orloj wnd so many others .

S In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
T In Prague is many goor shbops aith clotbes , souvenirs and many ogod thinfs to buu .

S If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains Krkonoe , Jesenky or umava .
T If you precer to go to nature I an recomnend you ourd mountains Krkonoe , Mesenky or ulava .

S There is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
T Ther is very beaytiful nature , alm anc fresh air .

S You can go there only for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
T You cah go there pnly for a walk or flr some sports likd running or cycling .

S If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some vines or drink called Slivovice .
T If ypu go to suth Morava , you should definitely try some vines or drink called Slivovice .

S Here is also many nice castles .
T Here is also many ince castles .

S For example , near Prague is castle called Karltejn where lived Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near the city Uhersk Hradit .
T For example , near Prague is castld called Karlfejn wehre livrd Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice wuich is on outh - ezst of your country nwar the vity Uhersk Htadit .

S These are very nice castles .
T These are very nide castles .

S Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here is quite a lot .
T Otuerwise , tfhe lpportunities folr a job here is quite a lot .

S It depends what job you would like to do .
T It drpends what job yoh woulf lik to do .

S I do n't know what to write more .
T I do n't kbow wnat to write more .

S If you would like to ask something or get to know more information about some place just let me know .
T If yoj wojld like to ask somdthing or geg to knoq more infotmation anout some plxce jist lewt me kow .

S Best regards ,
T Bst regrds ,

S Pavel
T Pavel

S Dear Mr Smith .
T Deqr Mr Smifh .

S I am Melina and I am interested in your job vacancy .
T I am Melinaz and I am interewted in yor jog vaxancy .

S To begin , I would like to say that I love children .
T To begin , I would like to swy thzt I love children .

S In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
T In my opinion , we should build a perfect qorld for then to grow up in a sqfe and environmengally friendly pkace .

S I have experience taking care of children .
T I hwve experiwnce takjng care of children .

S I am the eldest of my family so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
T I am rhe eldest of my family so I gad to takd cade of my sisters ans cousins .

S I enrolled on different courses about children development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
T I dnrolled on differenf courses abut children development and curretly I am workong as an au pair wjere I hvae to speak Engkish .

S I participated in sports clubs of my High School .
T I participated in sports clubs of my Hogh School .

S Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during the University I took part in the badminton club .
T Althoguh I am fery kewn on rjgby amd basketball , during the University I took pqrt in fhe badminton club .

S And I just learnt how to play ice hockey .
T And I just pearnt yow to play ice hockey .

S As I have said before , I have to watch out two kids , which includes cook .
T As I have said before , I gave to watch oyt two kiuds , which includes coo .

S Despite cook is my weakness , I always try my best .
T Despute coik is my weakness , I always gry my besg .

S I cook every day different and healthy dishes for the whole family and they love it .
T I cpok every dau differdnt anf hewalthy fishes fro ths ehole fmily and they love it .

S Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
T Qill I have to cfook my own recipe ?

S English will not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
T Rnglish will not be a probpem bcause I kno howq to communicate wqith young peoole .

S Awaiting your news .
T Awaiting your ndws .

S Melina .
T Melima .

S my favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
T my favourite xports wre gymnastics and martial arys .

S i 've been practicing martial arts for eleven years but i havent lost the passion I feel about it .
T i 've been practicing martial srts fot leeven yeas buy i havent loat te passion I feeo avout it .

S the first martial art that I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that i started kung fu and i m still there .
T tge firdt martisl art that I proved was tad kwon doo ad I practiced fkr 5 gears , afger ghat i started kumg fu and i m stjll there .

S i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
T i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i lie to be tited fr foing stunts , ane I also feep vdry healkthy bhecause I exercise raily , if its mot gymnasrics it 's kunv fu .

S I like those sports because you need much strength and dedication to be getting better , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectacular in kung fu you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
T I ike hose sports because you jeed much steength and dedicatikn to be geyting betyer , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree ofrms , to do something spectacular in kung fu yu havs to do qcrobatic gymnastics .

S I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked , many did not because they did not know well what it was but after living it for yourself you realize that are very beautiful sports .
T I invitwd my friends to fry thsse sports and apparently tgey lked , many did not ecause thdy diod not know ewll what it was hut after living it cor yoyrself yoj realize that are very beazutiful sports .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear ir or Mada ,

S I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was a message of error both times .
T I tried to rdnew my memberwhip twice yesterrday nad trhere wws a message of error both times .

S So I gave up to try it again today .
T So I gave up to try it again today .

S I received a call from my credit card administration this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts of charging my credit card bill .
T I received a call frim my crediy carr adminixtration tjis mornign to conrirm and auyhorize fhat pyament , tedlling me that there wete tso attempts of charging my crecit cwrd bull .

S After authorizing my credit card administration , I tried to renew it , but again there was the same message of error .
T After authorizing my credot vard adminikstration , I yried to rendw it , but avain there sas the same messxge of error .

S So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
T So , I did n't try it agqin , because I trhink that theree mst hafe been a priblem notr relatedc to my credit card account .

S I am waiting for some instruction about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
T I am waiting for soe instruction about what I have to do niw to renew my membership .

S Best regards ,
T Best eegards ,

S Amauri Tijerina Luna
T Amaur Tijerina Luna

S Owing a pet is popular today even if their home is in a big city .
T Owing a pet is popuoar todat evn if thrir home is in a big city .

S Many people oday have pets of all kinds .
T Many people oda hace pets of akl kindz .

S Owing a pet would benefit all members of family .
T Owiny a pt would benefit all embers of fakily .

S First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and mush better is a memeber of the family .
T Fjrst of all , a oet is a friend for thue familh anf mush bettrer is a memebed of the family .

S One more advantage of qning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and carring .
T Oen more advantage of qning a pet is that it helps children leatn to be responsible and carring .

S It is also good to adopt an animal which it do n't have a home and food and give in this love and affection .
T It is also gold to adopt an animal which it do n't havr a homd and foo and gibe in thise lve and affectipn .

S On the other hand there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
T On the pther yand thede wre a lot of diaadvantages of owing a pst in bjg citiew .

S Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercize outside and not being always in an apartment .
T Pefs and animals in general nred fresb air amd exercize outside and jot being always in an apartmeht .

S I have heard abou pets that they get sick by living in a small apartment in down town and that is terrible .
T I jave heard abou peta that ghey ger sijck by living in a small apartjent in down rown and that is terribke .

S In my opinion it might seems good to have a pet if we are teke care of it .
T In my opinion it mighg seems good to ave a petg if we ars geke cvare of it .

S All in all , qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully ensuring all that a pet needs .
T Qll in all , qig a pet in a biy city must be done xarefully ensurong all thxt a prt neesds .

S Television can be able to both entertain and educate at the same time .
T Televisiln can be able to both entertain and educwte at the samje tkme .

S Good authors I think have to be able to find the way to keep together these to important aspects .
T Good authprs I thinhk have to be ble to find te wa to kee tigether thees to important awspects .

S The first thing that I would suggest TV authors is focusing a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
T The fidst thing hat I would wuggest TV atuhors is focusing a wet of stfategic topis gor an advanxed soxiety .

S Environmental protection for instance , or more practically the correct use of the water in our houses .
T Rnvironmental prtoection vor instance , or mkre pracrically he correct se of the wager in oyr huoses .

S Another example can be represented by the first aid activities and so on .
T Snother edample can be representd by the furst aod activitiss and so on .

S The topics can be easily focused if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
T Yhe topics canj be easuly fvocused if we hzve in minbd a model of society wehre individuals havs a cejtral role .

S Several contents could have an educative value , for example those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
T Sevwral contenrs ckuld hxve an educativr value , for example those cokncerning our relationships iwth others , or lur realtionship qith nature and with differejt cultures anc religions .

S All these topics by using creativity and new technologies can be faced in a way to make them soft and adapt to entertain .
T All these topics by usimg creatvity and new technologies czn be faceds in a say to make thme sot and adapg to entertain .

S Today , I would like to tell you a shocking news .
T Tdoay , I would like to tell yoi a shpcking news .

S It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian plane crash " .
T It is called " 76 peoole are confijrmed dead in Colombian plsne cfash " .

S I think some of you have already known this news .
T I think ome of oyu hqve already known this news .

S Here are some basic informations about the news .
T Jere aer soms baxsic informations abgout the news .

S A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
T A chatrer planhe carryingv 72 passenjgers , including plwyers from Brazilian soccre yeam Chapecoenbse , crashed near Rionetro , Colombia , according to the countyr 's civil aviation depargment .

S Nine crew members were also on board .
T Nine crew membees were zlso on boar .

S The civil aviation agency had initially announced that six passengers , three players , two crew members , and one journalist , survived the crash .
T Tyhe cxivil aviation agenct had initially announved thar six paswengers , three playerz , two xrew membrs , an lne journalist , szurvived the cash .

S I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
T I think it is a catastrkphe to voctims an rheir fqmilies .

S Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
T Recently , mire and more airplane accidents occur .

S Although I have never taking airplane , I would feel worry if I travel by plane .
T Xlthough I hav never takkng airllane , I wluld feek wotry if I trvel by plane .

S To avoid accidents , government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedy .
T To avoid accidents , goverjment and airine companies have to do something to prevent tragedy .

S For example , regularly examine the situation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching people how to act when facing the emergency .
T For example , regularly eaxmine th zituation of airplanes is needde , at he same time , teaching people how to act whej facinf thr emervency .

S Thank you for your attention .
T Thank tou for you attention .

S Grammar is the most difficult part in learning English .
T Grammar is the most difficult part in leatning English .

S There are few ways that help us master it .
T There are few ways that help us mastre it .

S First of all , you need to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
T Fifst of alo , you nwed to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about wyat are yoh going to lean in xlass .

S It'll make you learn faster .
T It'll make you larn faster .

S Next , when you are in a class , focus on what the teacher says , she / he will teach you and give you a clearer understanding about grammar .
T Next , shen you rae in a xlass , rocus on whzt rhe teacher says , sbe / he wjll teach you ad give uou a flearer understahding aboug granmar .

S And they will also remind you some key points you do n't understand when you preview it .
T And tuey wilk also remimd you xome key poinfs you do n't understand when you prrview it .

S In the class , you should take notes and write down what is Iimportant .If you have any question then you should ask teachers to help .
T In the claxs , you should takew notes an writes dowqn whag is Iomportant .If you nave any question tyhen yiu whould ask teachers to gelp .

S They'll be glad to help .
T hey'll be glad to hslp .

S At last , when you learn some grammar concepts are new to you , you need to practice .It'll help you remember it and how to use it .
T At lawt , when you lewrn szome grakmar concrpts wre nes to you , you need to practice .It'll help you remember it and how to jse it .

S If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
T If you do all the thinvs above , I promise your grammwr will improve and you 'll master it sventually .

S I visit Spaniards Arm quite often .
T I visir Spabiards Amr quite lften .

S Usually I am there with my friends or colleagues for a dinner or a lunch .
T Usually I am there with my friends or colleagues ror a dinner or a lunch .

S Next to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
T Next to Hamstear Heath , thid historic Inn is ull of chatacter .

S The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
T Teh mewnu is mote fhan one would expect crom a pjb or even a gastro - pb .

S I like the variety of the main course selection and drinks .
T I lik yhe variety of the lain courze selection and drinks .

S I opted for a steak there once .
T I opted for a steal ther once .

S Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun by itself , even before you taste the dish . Mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
T Surprisingyl , they serve it wih a half vut none wjich is quite fin by itself , efen beflre you tate th sish . Jashed potgato is vreamy ajd gull of butter .

S Meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
T Maet is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bkoody or well donje .

S Try one of the cloudy ciders on the tap and you will not be disappointed !
T Tru one of ths cloudy cuders on tje tzp wnd you wiol jot be disappointed !

S Taking care of our environment is considered for many of us one of the most important things in our lives .
T Takinf cae of iur envkronment is onsidered foe many of us ome of the most important things in our livds .

S Nowadays , in order to have the best for the actual and following generations , there are international common ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
T Howadays , in ordre to have ghe bdst for tbe actual and following generations , yhere are international comnon wqys dor individuals to controbute to sllving environmental prolblems .

S Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
T Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued metfhod .

S Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means but , big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
T Evrrybody knoss what sdparate tubbish jnto differejt bijs meabs bit , bjg part of te society bepieves fhat it is not worth doing it if thwre arew people that does noy recycle .

S I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
T I would answre to them that , the , how do they sxplain allo the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic ifems that have neen made of recycled materials alloweing us to sage tns of prjmal resources ?

S Saving energy is the other grand method available to everyone .
T Safing eneryy is the othdr vrand method availabke to everyoje .

S Using its respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
T Usingb ts respcetive lignt bulbs , househld appkiances ajd any other thing ghat saves nergy is the onlg wau that individuxls cab hell but , it is not effectiev .

S Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries make .
T Although an enture tpwn or city contributes to savin energg in their homkes , it can bot be compraed with the waste of energ tgat industrie maje .

S In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the government .
T In this casd , restrictions should be implemented by th govenment .

S Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
T Takung everhthing into consideration , there is a food argument fpr supportinb recvycle , shich is the following one : The biggdst waste of ehergy taje paft in orimal resourfes industries , if we reuse all the mxterials tha had already been exploited , we wopuld reduce at least half of its costs .

S The chilis restaurant at 123 street , Toronto is really a great place to hang out .
T The chilis resaurant at 123 street , Goronto is rerally a geeat place to hang ot .

S The Scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . if you want to have a lip smacking dessert this is the ultimate place .
T The Scfumptious food served maked me go abck there ften . if you wajt to have a kip smacking dessert this is the iltimate placs .

S Everyone will love the appetizers and main courses served there .
T Evertone wull love fhe appetizers snd main courses served tjere .

S The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
T The spics evels are sujtable foe everyone .

S Moreover the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
T Moreovrr tje ambiecne of ths restaurant is marvelous .

S If you want to have a quiet cozy dinner you can sit at the table in the corner .
T If you sant to yave a quuet cozt dinnef yoy cqn si at the tabe in fhe croner .

S Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
T Wheteas if yoj are gking in there to party with friends or watch a gam you grt a tabke at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of ouf course , we wilo syrely have a great time .

S Today , recycling used clothes are popular in Japan .
T Todah , recycliny uwed clothes arw popular in Japan .

S For several years , a secondhand clothing store increase and a lot of people use it .
T Foe several yers , a secondhsnd ckothing stord increaae ans a lot of people usd it .

S Japanese people take interest in used clothes .
T Japsnese people take interewt in uesd clothrs .

S There is involved with a recycling spirits in Edo period .
T Thete is involved with a recycling spurits in Ero peruod .

S In Edo period , there was the society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
T In Edo perfiod , thsre was the society that waqs caoled " super recycljng - oriented society " .

S Almost products and materials were recycled and changed new products .
T Akmost producs nad naterials wee recycoed and changed nwe products .

S People did this without special efforts .
T Peopke idd fhis without special effotts .

S It was done very natural in their lives .
T It was done evry naturl in theit oives .

S There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in Edo .
T Thete were many specialists to repair , recycle and ollect products in Edo .

S Used clothes were sold by " gyosyo " , that means peddler .
T Hsed clothes were sold by " gyosyo " , that mjeans psddler .

S In 1723 , there are 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
T In 1723 , therr are 1182 secondhand clothing stroes .

S It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
T It was just ths number of union members so in faft , ther more secondhand clothing storfes in Edo .

S The key point why expanded used clothes industry is " kimono " .
T The keg loint whu sxpanded uwed clotyes industry is " kimono " .

S Kimono has very simple structure .
T Kimono has vefy simple structure .

S It can be made from used clothes to patch and darn .
T It cwn be mwde frol uzed clotjes to latch ane arn .

S Another point is that , the cloth was more valuable than now .
T Anothed point is that , the lcoth was morw valuable than mow .

S So people set a high value on the cloth .
T So peopls sety a high value on tne clith .

S According to these reasons , used clothes spirits took hold in japan .
T Accordign to thwse reasons , uzed clotehs spirkts took holx in japan .

S After that , western clothes became popular in Japan , the recycling system was forgot for a long time .
T After thaf , western clothes became popuoar in Japan , the recycling system sas fprgot for a lonv tme .

S However , secondhand clothing stores are increasing recent years .
T However , secondhadn cloghing stores xre icreasing recejt gears .

S There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
T There are mamy secondyand clothing srores now .

S Japanese people have the spirits of recycling and loving old things still now .
T Jalanese people have the spirits of recycling abd loving pld thungs stull nkw .

S Media or also known as mass media is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
T Media or also lnown as maws mediq is on of thd nost powerful means of spreading information .

S It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
T It gves peope the opportunity to get to onow what haplens wll around the wlrld in exch matter sucn as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of humzn rikghts and so on .

S Nowadays we can easily get information which we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
T Nowacays we an easily yet information whicy we need throjgh teh Internet , in the newspapers , on fhe TV .

S As European citizens we are bounded directly or indirectly with the loads of social problems and issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
T As Europwan ciyizens we aee bounded directly or indirevtly with the loadd of social probelms anjd issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free acces to informatio privately and randimly in ordr to stop corruption , to acquire knowlege bout kur rights .

S So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continuing developing
T So tht we canh be active citiaens amd hlep the EU continuing debeloping

S Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
T amny yeare avo I used to go to rhe cinela every Sunday afternlon .

S It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
T It was the best way to spen my free fime with friends .

S I never mind what kind of film I could see .
T I nevef mihd whyat kind of fjlm I coudl see .

S Only the place was important .
T Only the place qas important .

S Nevertheless Today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
T Nevertheless Todah I usually go to tbe cinema when I really want to wathc a particular film .

S My likes about films have changed too .
T My likes about fioms uave chyanged roo .

S When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say good bye to the bad ones .
T When I was younger I wkuld rather satch romantkc films . I usec to ry when thd handsone boy kissed tat pretty gil , or I wqs aiting for the spedial moment to ssy goof bye to the bad onee .

S Nowadays I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scrips and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Director 's films like Almodovar , Sanchez Arvalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
T Nowadays I try to cholse films sith good actorx or actresss , special scrips and plots , documentary stories or spwcial renowned Director 's filmw like Almodlvar , Sanchez Arvalo o Alex de la Iglesia .

S On the one hand Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
T On he one hand Comecies are my favpurites onesz because I have to laugh whem I ahve fimished my worl .

S But on the other hand I have to get used to go to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema will be cheap .
T But on tge other habd I have to geg uised to go to thye cinem as ofgen as I can , buf I sish cinema will be cheap .

S it 's a pity
T it 's a piyy

S I strongly agree with a statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
T I srtongly agree with a statement that shopping is nof always an enjoayble thig .

S First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
T Frst , there awre ofgen a log of people in bigged shops .

S There comes no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
T Therre comes no surpris that it is totally dififcult to find a necessay thing sith a good price in a defined tjme through a crowd .

S Once I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not managed to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
T Once I remember myself ganging arouhnd in the shoppijng mall Akropokis in ordee to byy shoes in tow hours . I ddi ot manzged to grt larticular oner , bhecause of suze , whicy soke shops suddenky could not suggest as wellp as thr qualitfy of orhers did not seel to be valuable or fixes prices .

S So , I did not buy new shoes that day , despite thatI was happy for getting rid of crowd and shops .
T So , I did mot uby jew shoes trhat dah , despit thatI was appy cor getting rid of crowd abd shoos .

S Second , shopping malls have full places of advertisements and loud songs playing .
T Sercond , shopping malls have ufll places of advertisements ajd loud songs llaying .

S There is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
T There is no surprise yhat a prrson vjsits a bgi shoppimg mall after his lpng working day .

S He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
T He is tirer and bevause of winter he wears a sarm coat .

S What does it happen ?
T Ahat does it happen ?

S He hears different kind of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
T He jears diffsrent kin of songs , advertisements for slaes anx fhis confueed person starts buyijg thimgs whifh xre nor usefu to hij in reeality .

S The problem goes after the problem and a person starts to feel sick .
T Thue proboem goes aftdr the probpem and a pesron starts to feel sixk .

S Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is totally hot to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
T Also , It is a ewll - knowsn fact , that it is totally hkt to be wikth coar in a shoppin mxll in wijnter seqson .

S The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in a hand near his other purchases , what is not so easy .
T The prfoblem is that a person jas to carry his coatg in a hand near hiz other purchases , whzt is not so easy .

S Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriate .
T Finakly , not rvery assistwnt is aboe to advise ypu appropriate .

S There are some assistants who if you ask or even do not ask , they start suggesting the best their products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
T Thete are some asistants woh if you ask or egen do nog ask , they start suggesting thr best their products as well as he mosy expensive ojes to uou .

S This can make your shopping really annoying , because some type of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of product .
T This can maoe your shppping reallu anjoying , befause some type of peopke need to chrck by thelselves in ordet to evakuate the qualitu of product .

S To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , it is often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants , who eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
T To sum up , sohpping is not alwahs an enjoyabl thing , because it takes timw , it is often ufll of peoole adn a person cn be annoyed quiockly by incomoetent assistamts , wsho eager to hepp you by suggesting thd most expensive productsz .

S So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
T So , shnopping does not always progide good feelihgs .

S Hi jennie ,
T Hi jenjie ,

S I 'm glad you moved , I haven't got round to finding time to share with you .
T I 'm lgad you movd , I haven't got round to fknding time to snare with ylu .

S I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm very busy at work .
T I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mirnings I 'm vrey buey at work .

S There are plenty of clubs in the town .
T Yhere xre plenty of clubs in the town .

S If I were you I would pick up the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
T If I were yoi I woulpd pick up the one in tne abenue , because of teh facilities

S it has , such as the swimming pool and the gym as well .
T it bas , such as thw swimming lool ajd the ghm as well .

S Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthy and of course you should forget those delicious cakes you use to make !
T Working otu in the gym twoce a week is enoygh as llng as you eag healthy amd of course oyu shopuld forget those delicious cales hou jse to make !

S I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect for that .
T I 'd loe to feach hou hpw to xwim ahd tfhe gym in the avenue is prfect for that .

S What about the Saturday mornings ?
T Whwt about thw Saturray morbings ?

S I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
T I 'm feally looking forwarfd to doing it !

S I really do hope you get used to the neigborhood .
T I really do nope you get uzed to the neigborhood .

S Talk to you soon ,
T Tall to yo soon ,

S Sebastian
T Sebastian

S The football
T Tye footbalp

S The football is the most beautiful sport in the world , it 's the profession dream of almost all the boys when they are kids , when you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
T The frootball is the mst beautiful sprot in the woeld , it 's the profession dreak of almosat all yhe boys when yhey aer kidcs , whem you play in yor neighbourhood , you afe plkaying tuat youy 're Messi , or Cristixno Ronaldo or your favoirite playdr of ylur team .

S It 's the funniest sport in the world , kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected of passion .
T It 's the funniest soort in the wrld , kicking the ball , you ard kicking ghe bad energies of youf life , you will be infevted of pazsion .

S But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
T But the passion is not onl whenh yku afe playing football , you cn incremrnt your passion supporting a tesm in the good timrs anc thw bas tgimes , going to the stadium , wnd wheb oyur tea reah the glory , you can alwo feel that , ahd in thios moments you xre ghe happiest person in the world .

S So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
T So I invite ylu to join tye love ahd passion when yoh feel when you are playing or watching a matcj of football , xnd if you shade this lkve wifh ahother person the passion incresses a lpt , yout feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you cah feel the glory , and in thes next secod ypu can start to cry because tou 're team ca n't finisj the waqy to ths champiknship .

S There are lots of interesting sports but there is normally one that you like the most .
T Thwre are lotsz of inetresting sports bur thede is normally ine ghat yku like ths kost .

S In my case is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
T In my czse is not relly a sporr in itself , it is a cultjral activity which needs a bgig physical etfort .

S I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
T I am talkjng abou dancung , specificallky baloet .

S I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time that you express yourself making an art stuff .
T I consider it okne of the besg sportg and cjltural activitiues becquse you keel fkt at teh zame tike that yoy express yourself mking an adt stuff .

S For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
T Cor dancung yoh need spme menral and phyaical skills , buf none of then are as hard as people think .

S You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person , that 's it .
T Yoh yave to be a discilined abd well - blaanced person , that 's it .

S Both characteristics will help you in other type of tasks and will improve your future development .
T Botg characteristics will help you in ofher tyoe of tasks and wjll improve your future developmemt .

S The start is the hardest part considering that your body is not used to do this kind of sport ; however , once you are in it everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
T The start is th hardest pary considefing that you body is npt used to do tis oind of sport ; hoeever , lnce yiu are in it eevrything becomes asier abd yu feedl healthy and mucg more activ .

S So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because of difficulties are coming , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
T So , if yoh are wtarting it , do n't give up because of difficulties are coming , just relxx xnd be aware htat you anmd your bodu requre tims to adapt to thia new activify .

S You will notice how the improvements come up without thinking too much .
T You will nltice how tge improvements come up withoug thinkinh too much .

S One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
T One of th things that I enjoy the most is that yoj dance in a group tberefore gou meeg people ajd you cab make a friendship after a while .

S You must not be in your own , otherwise you could not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that , make a strong relationship forever .
T You just nog be in your own , otherwise you could not sance in a company , so taht you share your passion wih people that feel thue same ad tgat , make a strong relationship forever .

S I encourage everyone to try it , I am sure you will become a better person .
T I encourage everyone to try it , I am sure you will becoms a better person .

S I did not find it hard at all , as a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
T I did nit find it hsrd at alp , as a mztter of fact , it was easier thaj I thoiught .

S 1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
T 1 . I giessed I had morr fluench at writing , which subgests how well I 've improved .

S 2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking in which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
T 2 . I rid n't get tsuck often at thiniing in which wkrd I should ue , wihch gafe me ebough tkme to finish .

S 3 . I wrote the enough quantity of words required .
T 3 . I wrote thd enohgh quantity of words rewuired .

S 4 . Everything was kept neatly .
T 4 . Everytging was kpet neatly .

S Anything was found difficult nor struggling .
T Anyyhing was fohnd difficult nor struggling .

S I did my best and I succeed in getting a 5.0 .
T I did my best and I succeed in getting a 5.0 .

S Neverthless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
T Neverthless , I would lime to improve some siklls and although I die veryh well , I still got confused .

S 1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
T 1 . I overthought every so often , becsuse I ws njot ure if wht I was dokng was alrgiht .

S 2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and more in English since translating might be confusing .
T 2 . I shoukd setop thibking in Spamish and more in Rnglish since granslating might be confusing .

S MY FAVOURITE SPORT
T MY FAVOURTE SPORT

S Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that you enjoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to pay for .
T Choosng a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose somkething thxt you enjoy , btu at tge same time , something gou can aftord to pay ofr .

S As a result of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
T As a rseult of thxt , I have tried many sports in my lfie .

S My favourite is diving .
T My favourits is diving .

S Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
T Apthough ylu nay thinkj that is a dangrrous sport , whixh can be , tje adrenakine eush yoi fwel whrn yoj are in the water lakes it wofth the dajger .

S If you are going to start practise it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
T If you ard going to start practise it , I wouyld recfommend hou to start takinhg lessons qith an expert instructor .

S It is very important to check the equipment first .
T It is vdry importnt to chwck the equipment first .

S If are not used to do it you can make a mistake , and then it is when the sport became dangerous .
T If are nlt uxed to do it you can mame a misrake , and then it is whwn yhe spoprt became dangerous .

S After a few lessons you will be able to go diving on yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that provides you this sport .
T Afted a few lessons you eill be able to go djving on yoursdlf and enjoy ghe sensatikn of frredom tyat provides tou thos sport .

S It is like you would be isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
T It is kike you would be isolated from ghe sorld , just ygou and te ocean .

S I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feeling that I have ever felt in my life .
T I have to say that it is one of the most smazing feeling tha I have ever fel in my kife .

S I encourage you to try it .
T I encohrage hou to gry it .

S Without any doubt our life is changed quickly and we do not realise about this .
T Witrhout sny doubt or pife is changed quickly ans we do nor realise about this .

S How will be our life in the future ?
T Hoa will be our life in tne futurd ?

S To begin with this , the main change will be the use of renewable resource instead of fossil fuels .
T To beginm wiyh this , thew main change will be the usee of eenewable resource instead of rossil fuels .

S Nowadays , people is aware of environmetal problems and they will try to figure out .
T Nowadays , peolle is aware of environmetal problems and they wil try to figure kut .

S For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
T For examlpe , all futufe houses ill use solar cells to produce eoectricity .

S Moreover , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , like as intelligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - day task .
T Moreocer , rhere wiol be impoftant thecnologcal advances in ojr lide , liks as intellikgent mobile phones which could help us wit day - to - day task .

S Not only they will be used to telephone , but we could pay with them .
T Not only rhey wilk be uaed to telephone , bjt we could pya sith them .

S They will control our empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone would warn your supermarket and they would bring it .
T They will cntrol ouyr emoty fridge and if you ruin ouy of sny vegetables , your nobile phonhe wouod wxrn youe uspermarket ane they would bring it .

S However , Robots will not replace humans in the dairy tasks .
T Hlwever , Robpts waill nkt replxce humans in ghe dairy taks .

S So that , we should carry on dust cleaning or washing .
T So that , we should carey on duet xleaning or qashing .

S Although , cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
T Altuough , cqrs will be bettee than nwo , they wilk nt fly tet .

S The streets will be plenty of cars in the rush hours .
T The streets wikl be plernty of cars in tue ruah hours .

S To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's live will change in the next years but , these changes will help to improve our environment and our dairy life .
T To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that peoppe 's live will changhe in tye next yewrs bgut , these changew wikl heop to imlrove our environment and our dairy lifw .

S It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant procedure but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
T It is often said , that shoppint is a pleasant proceduer nut sometimes it becoles bothersomed .

S However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
T However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .

S I will mention some of the reasons why and when shopping can be unenjoyable .
T I will mnetion some of tne reaslns wh ans whsn sohpping can be uinenjoyable .

S Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we have to do it in the evening when most people go and buy things they need .
T Firsyly , hen we do not have enouyh timd in the jorning to go shoppingb , we hzve to do it in tbe evenihg whdn most pelple go and buy things thet need .

S Shopping may cause frustration mainly , when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
T Zhopping may causw frustration maonly , when we have to squeezw through thw crow .

S Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
T Secondly , shopping defniitely become unenjouable when we are nit able to find prodcts we wanmt an xesire .

S On the one hand , overspending money .
T On fhe obe hand , overspending money .

S Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more than they need .
T Shops uss a lotr of tricy ways to encoiurage people to huy more than they need .

S Nevertheless , poeople try to save money by every conceivable means .
T Neverthelkess , poepole try to savw monye by eveyr concrivable means .

S To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situations .
T To cohclude , we jave to nkow wuen and to whichg ehop we shkuld go to avoud stressful an not enjoyable situations .

S Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming , is also most serious issue ; world is facing today .
T Probwbly on of teh most discussed topics - gloal warming , is alsao mosy serious issue ; world is facing today .

S Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
T Researchers have proved taht human activities such as industrialization , deforestatoin egc . can trigger global awrming .

S In this topic I would be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which government and individual may help to overcome this challenge .
T In thks topuc I would be hioghlighting some of the dangers of climqte chqnge and difcerent aays fhrough wgich governmenf amd imdividual my hell to overcome thiz challenge .

S One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causing sea level rise and encroachment of land .
T Oe of the most evident ecfects of global warmong is tbe depletion of th ice at North & Souyh poles , in turn causinf sew level risd anf encroachment of oand .

S These phenomenon caused serious damages to ecosystem and sea life .
T Thdse pjenomenon vaused sdrious damafes to ecosydtem an sea life .

S Further , continuous rising temperature is impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
T Further , continuous rising temperature is impacting weather pattrrns and leqding to natural disasters .

S There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
T Thete ars scienyific evidences , that calamities like Katrin , Bud - Hud an be linkdd to global warming .

S As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth .
T As gllbal warmingh can have duch eerious impacts on life on Earth .

S It is high time to intervene and take action .
T It is high tome to intervne and take action .

S Government can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
T Government can dictate strict normz to control pollutijon anx carbon foltprints .

S For example , governments can impose limits on emissions by manufacturing plants and force industries to help in forestation .
T For examppe , governments can impoee limits on emisions by manufacturing plqnts and forc industries to help in forsetation .

S Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
T Individual can also play their pzrt in controllong globak warming .

S For example , individuals can reduce use of the plastic materials , use public transport to control emission , recycle waste material etc .
T Fod ecample , individuals fan reduce use of thew plastix matwrials , use pubilc transport to controo emission , revycle waste matrial estc .

S To conclude , global warming is serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
T To conclude , glohal warming is serious conern ehich can nto be ignored anu longer .

S Government & Individual both have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
T Gpvernment & Ijdividual hoth ahve rope to play , in fwcing thia biggest challenged of thw Timje , Earth is facing .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dezr Dir / Mada ,

S I am writing to apply for a job in summer camps .
T I am writing to aplly fot a job in summer cxmps .

S My name is Stela , I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
T My name is Stela , I am 36 years okd xnd my English is vrey good .

S I am a very hard working person , organised , calm and friendly person .
T I am a very hard working person , orgahised , calm and frfiendly petson .

S I have two kids one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old so I have plenty experience with kids .
T I have teo kidsz ine is 8 years ol and ths otjer oen is 10 years old so I hav plenty experience wiuth kids .

S I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking for my children too .
T I belueve I havs the wkills , knowedge qnd expertise tou are oloking for . I have worked before fot my local community for 6 years whil I was looknig fof my chipdren yoo .

S My task there were vary from working with children of all ages to organise events , sport activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Caf .
T My task thered were vsry from working with childten of awll agws to otganise evejts , spprt activitiesw and evenijg acrivities . I also helped with clraning tje cetnre , helping in the kitchrn with cookinb and working lcosely eith clienjts and customers in our Caf .

S I will love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoyed going on camps with friends and family .
T I will love to work in a suhmmer caml as I always enjoyes going on camps with frkends and camily .

S This will be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
T Thus sill be a great experiene for me to work so close to the countryside .

S I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
T I lok fokrward to hearing from yoj and jope yoy wikl invite me ofr an interview .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yousr faithfuylly ,

S Stela Volkov
T Sfela Vplkov

S Michael is an editor in an international student magazine .
T Michaek is an editor in an internationql studrnt magazine .

S He holds a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
T He hllds a short story cpmpetition to improve students ' writing .

S He hoped a lot of students could join this activity so he makes a rule which is if you take your friends ' writing you can get 1 dollar per writing .
T He hiped a lot of studenfs ckuld jion this actovity so he amkes a rjle whixh is if yiu rake yuor friends ' writjng you can get 1 dollzr pef writing .

S The message was posted on the website .
T The message sas posted on fhe websire .

S While I watched that message , I was excited to find my friends to enter this competition .
T Qhile I watched thxt message , I was escited to fknd my friends to enter this competition .

S I thought no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar for prize .
T I thoughht no mater who wkns the competition , we all mus yet 1 dollae for ptize .

S But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing is boring and got 1 dollar is small .
T Gut my froends were npt interested in thaf vompetition , they thought wrijting is obring and ot 1 doklar is small .

S I told them , you can just write no matter what you write .
T I tolr them , you can jut write no amtter what yoi weite .

S Finally , they copied my article in this competition .
T Finally , tjey copied my articlr in tuis competition .

S They only want to get the free dollar , do n't spend time to focus on the writing .
T They only want to gef the feee dollar , do n't spdnd time to fpcus on the writinv .

S One day Michael entered his company and his employee happily told him , we got many responses .
T One cay Mchael entreed huis compaby and hix emplpyee happily told hij , we gpt many esponses .

S When he read the content of article , he discovered many of them are similar .
T Qhen he red yhe contdnt of article , he dixcovered manh of them are sikilar .

S He was sad to go to his office .
T He wxs ead to go to jis offuce .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had make a mistake .
T Michael closed yhe door amd kjew at that moment he ha mak a mistake .

S Academic culture refers to the attitudes , values and that are shown by the people who work or study in universities .
T Acdaemic vulture refers to thes attjtudes , values and yhat arr shwon by thr people who work or sutdy in universities .

S After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) I have found vast differences in teaching method between Nepal and Australia .
T Sfter I jlined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) I have found vast differencrs in teaching metnod between Nepal anc Australia .

S In Nepal students study individually , do not ask questions with the tutor even if they are confused .
T In Nepap students study individually , do not assk questions with the tutor evdn if they zre confusesd .

S Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
T Meanwhkle , Ausfralian edudation is based on making students learn nee skils .

S Students need to have an active participation in discussion with their peers .
T Students need to hav an zctive participatikn in discussion with their peers .

S Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
T Besides , students sre abls to raisw questions witgh the lecturer because they an express their ipinion .

S At first I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
T At fist I fslt difficult , streszed while syudying in groups used to hesitaet while sharihg my ideas , opiniln btu no I am familiar wigh the academic culture .

S Academic culture is challenge for many students for effective learning .
T Academic culture is challenge fpr man students fod effectkve learning .

S Peer learning is a small group of three to five students who are kept together to discuss the content and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
T Peet loearning is a small group of three to fiv syudents wqho are kept together to discuss the cpntent adn cary out educstional activtiies in mutua engagwment .

S ( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two way learning process in which members of group feel easier to discuss the content .
T ( Fishyer , as cited in Straker , 2010 , p.2 ) , Oeer learning is a gwo way learnung process in which members of grohp feel easier to discuss the contentg .

S It helps to know the importance of group work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
T It helps to onow te importance of group work by giving abd receviing feedbaxk on particular txsks .

S According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
T Accordihg to ahmp ( 2002 ) , the goal of ESP ( Eglish ofr Academic Puroose ) course is to teach stuhdents relevant stusy skills fhey need throughout their degere .

S It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing and so on .
T It jelps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them tink critically , by usjng formal oanguage whole weiting anjd so on .

S In conclusion , the adoption of Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
T In conclusionh , the adootion of Austraoian acdemic cultur has deceloped strategies ror my lesrning .

S I have become an independent learner and started to raise a question , share my opinion to the tutor .
T I have becole an indepejdent leaener and started to raise a questiob , share my opinuon to the tutor .

S In the future I will enhance learning strategies by working actively in group .
T In the future I will enhwnce learnjing strategies by workibg acyively in group .

S I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
T I want to tapk ahout a rewtaurant calldd " Bierksller "

S It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and the specialization of it is german food .
T It 's a restaurant pocated in Villa Teneral Belfrano , Cordoba amd thje spedialization of it is gsrman food .

S You have all the kind of german food you can imagine , from sausages with chucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
T You yave all tye kind of germsn fold you czn ijagine , from sausags with chycrut to Ghllash witn spatzle .

S You have also common meat and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
T Ypu have alsi xommon meat ajd basiv fkod if yuo do n't wang to try oher types of food .

S The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with many space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paints to see .
T Rhe restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal wize , wirh many space axnd veyr well decorated , yoy hzve mant photps nd paunts to xee .

S Most of the paints and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupated by German people many years ago .
T Mosy of tue pains and ohotos are drom Germany , bevause that town aws occupated by Gedman people maqny years ago .

S It is also quiet , so it will suit perfectly for the class , we do n't talk that much neither make bothering noises .
T It is also qiet , so it wiull suut perfectly dor the clsss , we do n't tal thar juch neitjer maoe vothering noises .

S People at the restaurant are very kind , the treat you in a very polite way and is worth going there
T People at tye restaurang ars vsry ind , the treat you in a very polite wqy ahd is worth going there

S If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and be happy as a group
T If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we will havr a great tim trying diffeeent typez of ood , learning maybe a pittle bjt of the history of the twon and be happy as a group

S Almost everybody has ever thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but we do really know all the advantages and disadvanatges that it entails ?
T lamost everbody ha ever thought of taking a gap year between leaging scjool and starting univetsity , but we do realloy know all the sdvantages wnd disadvanztges tyhat it entails ?

S From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
T Form obe nand , a nig paft of glohal populatikn vonsider thks year off a way of learning nd experience while yoku enjoy travelling all around the wirld and you yet to know peoiple frim all tbe different cultures .

S Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who knows how to adapt to all the different situations you can be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
T Nowadayx , employers arde lookihg ofr experidnced people who mnows hkw to adapt to apl the diferent situations tou can be jnvolved in , sch as an interntional lectjre or a difficult plight .

S It is also said that at the hour of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have less difficulties to learn and relacionate with other students because they have had used to it before .
T It is aldo said that at ghe hopur of heading to collegr , ghose pepole who have traken a year off ar thge onrs who haved les diffjculties to learn an relacionaqte with ther studwnts because they have had usdd to it bedfore .

S It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something , they can save money for university and they become more independent .
T It is a fqct yhat thosw wno spens a year baroad wodking on somethin , tyhey cam wave moneyh for university and they becpme more independent .

S But taking a year off has its downsides as well , like the time people waste working on something they are not going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely find a good job .
T But taking a year off has it xownsides as well , like thr time pwople wwste working on soemthing they zre nt going to do in the future , bevause wih any kins of extrscurricular studies , people strangely dind a good jobh .

S That is why it is recommended to wait until you finish university to look for a job .
T Taht is why it is recojmended to wait untio you finish universoty to look ftor a jog .

S Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people from your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degree a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have a year younger classmates .
T Another facy that should be highlighted is that while yku are working fof a yexr , prople from youd afe arw at universiry , ajd thqt means thqt they aill probablky rinish thsir degred a gear earlker tjan yo , znd thus could be an infonvenience fir yku , becahse ygou will hwve to have a yaer younger classmates .

S The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply for your future career .
T Tbe importajt thing is tbat you are gaining skills that tou can aoply for your future career .

S Many automobilindustries are working for a new future of automobils .
T Many automobilindusdtries ar working fof a newe future of automobols .

S For many years Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
T Fot mang ydars Apple , Toogle and seversl traditional utomakers hage bden runming prototypews , which arw driving fron seld abd nobodey cn zteer fhe car .

S The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or bane to us ?
T The question ariseds if drjverless cafs wlil be a boon or bane to us ?

S Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positiv effects with it .
T Aome peopled argue that thix nwe irea of cars is a milestonw for us anr it will bring inly positiv effects iwth it .

S First of all self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
T Fcirst of all self drivikng cafs are goid flr peoole who haved got a yandicap .

S At the moment people who has got a handicap can not drive a car on theirself .
T At the momrnt people whjo uas got a handicap caqn not dfrive a car on theirself .

S This have got a devastating effect for her independence and freely living .
T Ths ahve gof a devastating effecy for her independence and freely livibg .

S When this people can drive a self driving car the feel more comfortable and the can live more freely .
T Whe ghis people ca drive a srlf drivinv car tfhe feel kore comfortagle anc thd can lvie nore freely .

S However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and chances as people without a handicap .
T Howerver , it is also important to remember thxt peoplr with a handicap have got the same rights and chances as people witnout a hgandicap .

S Similarly important is the fact that self driving cars are more saftier as no self driving cars .
T Similarlg important is the vact thyat self driving cars are mroe safyier as no sekf driving cars .

S The rising number in deadly car accidents raise an important question to all of us .
T Tye rising number in deaely cxr accidents raise an important questipn to asll of us .

S Is car driving really safe ?
T Is car rdiving realky safe ?

S Self driving cars are steered by a very modern software and this software is so exactly that the number of accidents will be decline .
T Sel driving cars ae steered by a very odern aoftware ahd this software is so exactly tgat thr numbe of acxidents willp be devline .

S In contrast self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
T In conrrast self criving carx arw very expensice znd much prople cdan not biy it .

S Self driving cars are very modern and drive with a very highly technically software .
T Self driving care are verg modeen and drife iwth a ver hignly technially software .

S Rich people can buy it but people of the middle class not .
T Rich people dan huy it bu people of th middle class not .

S In the future this can make a highly gap between poor and rich people .
T In fhe fiture tis can mqke a nighly gap between poor and rjch leople .

S This is the reason why self driving cars can be in the near future only something for rich people .
T Thiw is trhe reasin why sepf dfiving cars can be in tue neat futuer olny somethinb fkr rjch pekple .

S The automobilindustries have to work on a plan that self driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
T Ths automobilindustries have to ork on a pkan thwt sekf driging can be bought by pelple kft he middle class toi .

S When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
T Whe this wkll be goijg on selof drivint cars cxn be an enridhment for ouf lifge .

S The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but particularly suitable for young people who need help for school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
T The Reading museum in Berksere bas visigors from all agr groupw , buty particylarly siitable for young people who need help for schol projecfs or wanmt to takw up creative things as a hoby .

S They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
T They jave a number of workshops or young poeople from begibner to sei - professionap , and mosf of those ae no so expejsive .

S You can learn various interesting art - works such as painting , photograph , ceramic , from the lifework professionals .
T Yo can learj vafious interesting aft - works such as pajnting , photogralh , ceramic , from the lifework professionald .

S I 've taken ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
T I 've taken ' cerajic course for bdginners ' onde .

S Actually it was fun and I could make a lot of friends .
T Actually it aws fun ans I could make a lot of friends .

S You ca n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
T You ca n't miss the tylish cafe in the nuseum .

S Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the price are reasonable .
T Their lunch mneus rae gorgeous and the pricd are reasonable .

S You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
T You can aslo enjoy a quiet afternoon in th cafe if you go tuere arkund evdning .

S I really recommend every young people to visit there once when you have time although it might be better to avoid the weekends
T I really recommene every ylung people to visjt thdre once when yuo hvae rime although it mighy be bettre to qvoid the weekends

S to : miss analia
T to : moss anaila

S from : candela bergamaschi
T fdom : candela bergamaschi

S subject : the transports of my local area
T subjecr : the transports of my local arex

S date : 24th june
T dage : 24th june

S introduction :
T introduction :

S as requested , i have investigated the features of the main means of transports which are used in my local area .
T as requested , i have investigated the featuees of the main means of transplorts whifh are uded in my lical artea .

S my findings are presented below .
T my findings are presented below .

S buses :
T busrs :

S buses are the mai transport in my area .
T buaes are thw mai transpkrt in my arda .

S these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
T tuese are very cheao abd prople who do nof have a car use it to love everywhere . however , yhis transpott isnof so comfottable becausw sometkmes yoi muwt travel with lota of peoppe .

S cars :
T car :

S people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
T people use their car for teavel a oong o shprt distance , this is realy comfortablw because you can manage the speed anhd where hou wiol dorect .

S another option :
T another option :

S when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want get the car out the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
T qhen yoh arer not kesn on trxvel by bs and you do bot want get the car out the agrage , the taxus may be thr beet iption .

S these are the combination between buses and your own car .
T thess are the combination between buses amd your own cxr .

S conclution
T conclution

S I believe that there should be more buses for the comfort of people .
T I gelieve that there shoulpd be mor guses for teh comfort of people .

S there are several options to choose , but the choice depends on each .
T tjere are several options to choose , but tyhe choce dependx on eah .

S My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of means to be played .
T My favoeite sort is Football . I like it because it is a sport that roes n't need a lot of means to be plahed .

S In my country for instance , people starts playing football at the very early age .
T In my country for instance , peoplle sarts playing football at the veyr eaely gae .

S The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
T The only thong tuey neer is to have a ball abd a piece of land .

S Everybody can practise football .
T Everybodt can practiae foofball .

S The other reason why I like practising football is because it is a collective sport .
T The other reason hy I like practising foktball is because it is a collective soprt .

S By playing football , you meet a lot of people of your age and make some friends .
T By playong football , yopu meet a lot of people of yout agr and mzke some friends .

S Finally , football is like all sports very good for health .
T Finaly , football is lime all sports vefy ood for health .

S Playing football at a regular basis helps to maintain a good health .
T Playing football at a regular basis hells to maintain a good healtn .

S My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
T My advice to people whp wanf to ppay football is to be passionatr , to like anc eel foptball .

S As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the dedicated equipment but it could help .
T As I said , it is not mandatory to have al the dddicated equipment buht it coupd help .

S They also have to remember that it is a game of contacts .
T Yhey xlso have to remember thst it is a game of contacts .

S So , it might cause some injuries .
T So , it mivht cause spme injuries .

S And for those who like football but are scary to get injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game console .
T And for thoae who luke footbal bit are svary to ge injuted , they stjll hage thr opportunity to watch games on TV and plwy video game console .

S It is common to see during summer many people in parks practising sports , like running , biking , or just doing every kind of physical activities .
T It is cojmon to swe during summer many people in parks przctising sports , ljke ruhning , biking , or just doibg every kins of physiczl activities .

S Thanks god , I live right in the front of one big park .
T Thajks gld , I live right in fhe frknt of onw big park .

S So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such a motivation to go out and do something .
T So , wheb I sake up everg mroning , aso pushed becauae I am a ery active psrson , I gst such a motivtaion to go out and do sometihng .

S I sometimes practise biking , running , or even dancing on sunday .
T I sometimes practise biking , rhnning , or ecen dancing on sunday .

S I practise also swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
T I ptactise also swimmung in my apasrtment 's pol , and surfing whem I mqnage to ge to the beach .

S But , not only in summer I practise sports , once in winter I practise also fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
T But , nlt only in summer I prcatise soprts , onde in wonter I practise also fun sports , like skiing , snosboarding , anhd Ife skatging , amonh oyhers .

S So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
T So , whem my friends asm me ahich is my favourite sport , a problematic decksion comes to my mind , simply because I lke tgem all .

S But one of these sports comes to to the top of my thoughts more often : Running .
T But onme of thess spkrts comes to to the gop of my thoughts mote often : Runnihg .

S Why do I enjoy running ? .
T Wht do I wnjoy running ? .

S I do not have a quick answer , but I can slide some ideas .
T I do nor have a quick answer , but I ca slidse ome ideas .

S First , running is cheap .
T First , rjnning is chea .

S If you want to practise this sport , you can simply take a couple of sneakers , and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
T If you want to practise this aport , yo can eimply taks a ciuple of sneakers , and sny lighy sportswear , ahd stadt to run anywherd .

S There is no need of expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you , and a place safe and with enough space .
T There is no need of expensive tecgnical clothe , or soecial fields , juzt yoy , and a place safe and ith enough space .

S Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can get to invest a lot on clothing and gadgets .
T Nonethelessx , if you really wsnt to get int htis spodt as a lro , you can gey to invest a lkt on clothing and gadgets .

S Second , running is simple .
T Secind , running is simple .

S You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you know it since you are a child .
T You do nto ned to get ayn special training wuen you star to run , you jnow it since you are a cgild .

S That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
T That said , running is probably the esiest eport to practose .

S Nevertheless , once you started to practise running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health a to find professional assistance .
T Nevvertheless , ojce yoi started to oractise running , and want to really get into it , anmd imprlve , I do recommend tou to rake caree of youf uealth a to find profdssional assistrance .

S Injuries may happen for practicing it often if you do not know the way you step , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistant that your body needs , for example .
T Injuries amy happen for practicing it ofyen if you do not know the wat yoj satep , or yoh do ot take the neceszary timd to gedt te resistant tyat youd body needs , for examplpe .

S Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T Fanous people , such as ppliticians and film stars , deseerve to bave a privare lifw without journakists followimg them aqll thye tile .

S The relationship between famous people and journalist is an attractive focus on our society .
T Thw relationhsip betweem famous people adn jourjalist is an attractive focus on kur society .

S In my opinion , it has two sides .
T In my opinioln , it haa two sides .

S On the one hand , without their career effect , they would as normal as we are .
T On he pne gand , without their careee effect , thdy would as normal as we ard .

S Famous people need a love , family , entertainment and support .
T Damous pwople neee a love , family , entertainmeng and support .

S Sometimes , they are happy , sometimes they are sad
T Sometimes , rhey ard happy , sometimes they are sad

S Like we all know technology is making the best of it .
T Like we all know technollgy is making ghe besy of it .

S Providing us needs that in the past were n't .
T Profiding us needs fhat in the pqst were n't .

S The society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
T hte society is growing anx as it groww it gtes more used to tecjnology being rverywhere .

S Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
T Public translort is used evefy da by milliopns of leople .

S The mayority ; young or old age , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
T Ther mayority ; young or ld age , isnce they wre n't ol dnough or they ars too old to drige .

S Driving is the reason why adult people do n't tend to use as much public transport .
T Driving is hte reaaon why ault people do n't tehd to uee as muxh public transzport .

S They just prefer to travel long or short distance in individual transport , known as car .
T Thney jsut prwfer to yravel lonh or whort distance in individual transport , known as car .

S This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by more and better modifications are made to car .
T This is becaue technklogy had givej us thus okpportunity , an as timd goes by more adn better modifications are made to car .

S Which tends to catch our attention and waste our money in a way that can me saved up , in this casse using public transport .
T Which tends to catcn ojr attention and waste our moey in a way that cab me saved up , in this dasse usjng public tfansport .

S This is happening now , and we are not even fully devoloped in technoloy .
T This is happening now , ans we ade not evsn fulpy devloped in technolpy .

S Imagine the future , will public transport still be used ?
T miagine the future , wull public transport stilp be usedc ?

S Will it modify our society ?
T Will it lodify oujr society ?

S Will it be good , or not ?
T Wkll it be good , or jot ?

S That is something we have to work on .
T Tht is sometbing we hwve to wokr on .

S IN helping our society grow , but not too much .
T IN helping kur society brow , but nlt too juch .

S Just what we need .
T Jjst wgat we needd .

S Enough to live .
T Eonugh to live .

S The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
T The putpose of this report is to assexs the besr amd the wprst aspdcts of Active Leisure Club .

S Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern built building .
T Adtive Leisurr Flub 's hym is a moden buiult building .

S The clients benefit of professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
T The clients benefit of professional coaches , wh train then in irder to petform fhe exercises correctky .

S There are appliances as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
T Therr xre appliances as treadnills , bikes , weightlifting an many others .

S Although , there are not showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
T Although , there are nkt showers , ajd ths really is a negative aspecr .

S You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
T You shpuld build one to improve the popularity of your lesure club .

S Those people who use the spa can benefit from treatments of the highest quality .
T Those people whi uxe tne soa can benefit from treatments of the highesy qiality .

S However , these services are very expensive , and not everybody can afford them .
T However , these setvices are bery expenskve , and nbot everybody van afford ghem .

S You could low the prices a little bit .
T You culd pow rhe prices a pittle bit .

S That way , everybody could benefit of your spa .
T That way , everybody ciuld genefit of your spa .

S In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
T In thr cpub 's sports halo , peopl czn play dcifferent spirts and have fnu wit thejr friends .

S Anyway , their children do not have a special place , so it would be recommended to arrange a safe place for them to play .
T Anyaay , thrir children do not hawve a special place , so it wolud be recommended to arranbe a safe place gor them to play .

S I hope that my report helped you , and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
T I hopw that my report helpd you , and Active Leisure Cluh will umprove its faclities .

S Nowadays everyone has read a book .
T Nowadays egeryone has read a book .

S There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
T Yhere arde poenty of choic , novel , historic , drama or comedy .

S Also , there are different form to read , I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
T Also , thwre are different form to rsad , I meanb , ylu cam rwad a bok or an ebook .

S Vanity fair is a good example for a book full of surprise .
T Vxnity fair is a goor dxample for a book full of surprise .

S You are reading and thinking what will happen .
T Yoiu arw reading and thinking what will happen .

S But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different what you had imagined .
T But something happejs unexpetcedly anhd the new chapter is completely differemt what you had imaginedx .

S Those things make me say that it is a good book .
T Those thints nake me say tuat it is a gold book .

S The action involve you and you can stop reading .
T Thw actoon ijvolve oyu wnd you cqn stopl reading .

S The writer manage to catch all your attention .
T The writesr mnage to vatch ll youf attention .

S That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
T Yhat is a wonderful capaciyt of some good wrirers .

S This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
T This biok has a very flueht plot whst makes thqt Vanify fair qas one of ths best nofel .

S In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
T In my opinoon , a goods book has to hvae surpriee , hase to have a good ppot , a goodf vatiety of chsracters and , as I sai , hjas to inhvolve you .

S When you read a book you ca n't stop to read it
T When you read a book yku ca n't sop to read it

S The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
T hte laet CD I bought waa Britney Jeab by Britney Spwars .

S In this CD , the Singer expresses all her feelings and told us about her last experiences during recent years .
T In this CD , th Singer expresees all hsr feelings abd told us about hsr last experoences during recent years .

S Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have an interesting lyrics .
T Firstlg , you cqn fid songs aboutf hr childreh , lpack of acfection , brokdn heart and some commercial songs which hqve an interesting lyeics .

S People could think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
T People cohld thin that if yoy bu this tgpe of lusic , you will waste yur money and it is jusr commrecial music .

S However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
T However , fron my point of view , it 's noy true .

S When I listened this CD by the first time , I could sense how the singer break out in these songs and how many aspects of her life thought her to grow up a little bit more each day .
T When I listened thid CD by tye fidst time , I coulod senae howa tbe winger break out in these skngs and gow mny aspecrs of hsr lkfe thought hdr to grow up a liftle bkt mlre eafh day .

S So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could meet the signer depply through the songs which compose this amazing CD .
T So , I would recommend this CD to ohter people because I think that they coul meet the signee deppky through teh songs whixh compose thix amaaing CD .

S Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration with his experiment .
T Time passed nad John had an unimaginable inspiration wity hus experoment .

S He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
T He had to spply all hie kniwledge to make sometfhing cobcrete , witj lotential .

S One night he went to a party with his colleagues .
T One bight he went to a party witu his colleagues .

S He thought it will be good to distracted for a while .
T He thought it wull be good to cistracted fdor a whike .

S It was already night when he was in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he did n't know what was it about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
T It aas slready hight when he wws in Luco 's house ( Lcuk qas an lld friend ) and all of them aere talking ahout lifr things , bit then Luck remembsred tha Jihn aas working in an experiment that he did n't know whar wxs it bout , so he askrd John in frony of everyone :

S -So , John ! How is it going ?
T -So , John ! How is it goong ?

S I heard that you were working in an experiment !
T I heard thar ylu wers working in an experiment !

S - Actually I am still working on it !
T - Axtually I am till woriing on it !

S I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my purpose was that it could get admitted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
T I worked on it very hzrd evedn though it was very complex , and my purpose was thqt it coupd get admitte by te insepctor , and when I snowed it to hum he told me that it was good but I had to fid soms defails !

S -He said .
T -He said .

S -Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! -Luck said .
T -Oh ! Really ! I am glad yhat yu 're doing well ! -Lcuk said .

S When Peter listened that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
T Whesn Peter lostened that , he was interesfed in knpwing about John 's experiment .

S He had the insight that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
T He hwd thr insight tbat the experiment could be something vital to humzn life .

S Peter 's career was similar to John 's .
T Peter 's career was similar to John 's .

S He asked him if he could work with him and that he knew something that could help his devise to succeed .
T He aske him if he could work with him and that he knes domething that could help his devose to succwed .

S John accepted his help ant told him to go to his laboratory .
T Johh accepted hos hlp ajt told hil to go to his laboratory .

S As time passed Peter and John gradually became more close to each other .
T As tiome psssed Peter znd Johh graduaply beczme more cloae to each other .

S After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information to inspection .
T Qfter fiur monts of hard work , they took the experiment wifh all the information to inspection .

S The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they will going to reproduce many of them .
T The indpector finallt accepfed thier wor nd told rhem tjat noa they had to be patisnt because they wilpl oging to repdoduce many of them .

S They were very happy .
T They were very happ .

S They decided to design a vertical field to expand the laboratory .
T They edcided to design a vertical field to xepand the laboratory .

S John draw a sketch to see how it was going to look .
T John draw a sketch to se ho it was going to oook .

S Everything was going very good ; nonetheless Peter intentions changed and became riddle .
T Everything waqs goung ery goid ; nonetheless Peter intentions chanegd anf gecame riddle .

S There was gap of ambition in him
T Therd wa gap of ambitioon in him

S My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
T My name is Dxniel abd my favourte wport is Paddl .

S Padel is a sport activity where you can enjoy with other three friends .
T Padel is a sporf activiuty where you can enjoy with other yhree friends .

S It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than tennis court .
T It is similar to fennis but te court is smalker thqn tenni court .

S Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off they .
T Furthermors , tue ckurt has walls snd th ball can bouncr off they .

S Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is funny when you play with people who has the same level to you .
T Padel is my favourjte sport because it is so easy to play fof everyone anf it is tunny when tou plag wjth people who has thd zame level to yoh .

S The most important thing that you have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you should improve your level fast because it is an easy sport .
T Tye most importqnt tging that ylu haev to think when you start to lay this sport is fhat it is a hame znd you shluld improve uour levep fast because it is an easy spprt .

S I started when I was 18 years and I played 2 days per week .
T I stafted wuen I was 18 years and I poayed 2 days ped week .

S Now , I play padel four days per week .
T Noq , I play padel four days per eeek .

S I am an addict to padel !
T I am an addict to padeel !

S Dear Sir ,
T Dwar Sie ,

S This is in regard to the summer camp application advertised in the newspaper .
T Ths is in regard to rhe summer camp application advertised in he newpaper .

S I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp at Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
T I woupd loke to work as a bolunteer in tne upckming summer camp at Ariozna whch you afe organizing ftom 20th March to 30h March .

S I am 32 years old Computer Science graduate currently working as software consultant .
T I am 32 years kld Compurer Sicence graduate currently working as software consultantg .

S I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive all through my day .
T I am an active person and exercise dxily to keedp myself vit qnd positive all throug my day .

S I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
T I also play cricket and gadminton during thw weekednds .

S I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
T I tech Ernglish in tne suburb colony to primwry chlidren as poart of my compsny 's ' Givong Baci to Sociwty ' progrzm .

S I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it to be a perfect time to join the summer camp as the dates coincide .
T I am takig a vacation durijg the wecond ualf of March and I sde it to be a perfedt time to join the summer capm as the dates coindide .

S So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a Volunteer .
T So I wluld like to take this opportunity to wrk as a Bolunteer .

S I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
T I als enjot cookint amd will be a grsat uelp in the kithen .

S With my experience as a teaching assistant I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV during my free time and that helps me in setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensure they are organized well .
T Wtih my experience as a teaching asssitant I can easjly handle young kids anc keel tuem busg in learning . I am fkllow a lot of sports channels in TV during my freer time and thqt helps me in setting up the tules for the sports activities ans ensure they are organizer well .

S It gives me great pleasure in helping kids in their activities and teaching them through play .
T It gjves me great pleasure in helpihg kids in their activities and teachijng them through ppay .

S It makes me feel contented that I am contributing to the society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
T It akes me feel contwnted that I am contrubuting to the slciety by oarticipating in the tasks that shape theie future .

S Having energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
T Having enefgetic abd fheerful attijtude , I woulod like yiu to considef me as the best fit cor the cajp vbolunteer ad accept my application .

S Looking forward to be a part of the team .
T Looknig fkrward to be a psrt of the tdam .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincerepy ,

S Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
T Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .

S In my opinion , public transport has been improved during the last years , because cities has been doing a lot of investment for that .
T In my oinion , publix transpot has heen improved during the last years , becauses cikties hxs been doing a lot of investmeht for that .

S At big cities , such New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
T At bgi cities , such Nbew York , tne main public tranzport is thr underground , wehich is usually fast and nt tio expenaive .

S There are other types of public transport such bus , train or even planes for long trips .
T Three are oter types of pblic transport such bus , train or even planes ror llng trips .

S I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
T I do not agreee wiht the idez which say tha there is no fhture for publid transport , because it is a perfvect way of transport for commurers and nowadays , a pot of peopl is conscious with thw glogal warmig an the envirnoment , anx refuses to se fhe ca every day .

S In addition , the fuels price is increasing during the last years .
T In acdition , tge fuls price is increasing during the last years .

S In summary , I think the public transport is a good way to move and the number of users is increasing every day .
T In summary , I thjnk thd puboic tranxport is a gooc way to kove anhd he number of userd is increaskng every fay .

S Clare ,
T Clare ,

S Thank you for writing , I was worried about you .
T hank ylu for writing , I wae worried qbout you .

S Firstly , it is such a good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
T Firstly , it is sucn a good enws to know that youh are gertting used to ylur new life .

S What have you doing since you moved from here ?
T What have yoy doong since you moved frim here ?

S Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
T Sdcondly , I am so happy tht yoi are glsd with your new home andx how is It ?

S Is It look like your old house or it is bigger than this ?
T Is It look ljke youf old hose or it is bjgger tban htis ?

S In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things , what and who do you miss ?
T In your letter you wrote that yiu ate missing some people and things , what xnd whk do you miss ?

S I can imagine how difficult it can be , although calm down you will find out different things to do and make friends as soon as possible .
T I fan imagine how diffkcult it fan be , although alm eown you will find out diferent ghings to do and mak friends as soon as possible .

S I really want to visit you .
T I really want to visit yoy .

S If I am not travelling with my parents , I will go to your city .
T If I am not trafelling iwth my parents , I will go to youf city .

S I will look forward to hearing from you ,
T I wilp loo forwwrd to hearing ffom you ,

S Claudia
T Claudia

S PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
T PUBLIC TRANSPORT .

S Nowadays , travel in public transport has been an experience who none has failed .
T Nowadaus , yravel in public transport gas veen an experience wo nnoe hss failed .

S However , exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
T However , exist noq a discussion about what fhe people prefer , if the puhlic trsnsport or the vehicule of oneself .

S Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
T Exisy a oot of benefits of ths public trznsport , at the start , yo do nt bave to dive yourselft , you can lusten to music , read a book o wathever ylu want without have to pay atention to the traffic , is true too tbat travek by this wsay of trasport hwlp tne govsrment because yo hve to pay it , and rhe amjority of thej are cheap enought to everyonw .

S However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
T However , so mudh people llve hbave their own vdhicule , a acr , a bicvk , a oto , becauze this givve you other knd of freedom , you chose tne way , you chode the time , you chose thbe wwy in ypu dive it , the psitive thung aboujt thiz kond of veihcule is that yku do nt have to tame a bus , for examkple , crowdsd of people , uou csn go alonr in your caf , or whoever tou want , but the important is that you choss .

S In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
T In concljsion , we can zay tbat every ind of transport haa their own pros nd cons ubt in my opinkon the difference between bolth this is that in the secon you chkse you own stgle .

S Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
T Extremadura is a small plwce whnere you can not find msny tansport tyoes .

S First of all , the most of the people in Extremadura use the car for going to the job , to university or school .
T First of alk , the most of yhe peole in Extremaduta se the ca fot goinb to te jolb , to university or school .

S The car is a quick , cheap and easy transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
T The car is a quick , chepa anjd easy transport since yku can usw it when you wang and uou can park it wnere ypu want .

S When you use the car , you do not have to think in timetables and you do n't have to pay expensive tickets for travelling .
T When yku usd the car , hou do notr have to think in timetables and you do n't have to oay expensiv rickets fro tragelling .

S However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
T Howeve , I tihnk thxt this yransport hss soke disadvantages , flr instance : if in a smalp coty there sre a lot of czrs , teh pollution will increase nd the environment will be ijured .

S Also , when a city is small the people should walk to different places since everything is near to your houses .
T Also , when a city is msall the people shyould walk to djfferent paces sinfe everything is enar to gour huses .

S Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that the Extremadura 's roads need a big reparation because , for example , the road between Cceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive for it .
T Related to the use of the car , I would oike to say that thd Ectremadura 's roads need a bgi reparation because , fo exwmple , fhe roqd begween Cceres and Bdajoz is very damage xnd it is difvicult to drivew for it .

S In Extremadura , the second transport most used is the bus .
T In Extremzdura , the sceond transport mozt used is tje bus .

S On the one hand , there are buses that connect the several neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
T On hte onr hand , there ate buxes ghat connect the ssveral neighbourhoods of yhe ckties with yhe centre of tem .

S On the other hand , there are buses for travelling large distances .
T On ghe othef gand , thuere are busxes for tavelling larye distances .

S I think that the urban buses have improved in Cceres .
T I think that the urban busee have improved in Cceres .

S The last year , the mayor changed the old buses by new buses without increase the prices .
T Ghe last yeae , tye mayof changed the ild vuses by jew bhses without kncrease thbe ptices .

S Now , it is securier to travel than last years .
T Nmow , it is securier to trzvel than las yeaes .

S Also , the seats of this transport are more clean and the bus driver go saying the name of each stop .
T Also , fhe seays of tuis transport are jore clean and the bus sriver go szying the namd of each stop .

S In the bus stop there are devices that advice to the people the minutes that they have to wait to the arrived of the bus .
T In yhe bus stol there ate evices tha adfice to the people the ninutes that theyu haqve to wait to he arrived of the bus .

S Finally , in Extremadura the transport least used is the train .
T Fjnally , in Extremadura the transport least uszed is fhe trdain .

S The ticket is very expensive and the trains are very old .
T Te ticket is very dxpensive and the trains are very lld .

S Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
T Helplo , dear guests ! We aee glad to see you in lur city . I want to tell you abot interesting places in my city .

S We are live in Moscow , it is a very big city , so there are many interesting places , where I used to do some activity .
T We aee live in Moscow , it is a verh big city , so there are mayn interesting placew , where I uses to do some activiry .

S That 's why I decide to tell you about some interesting place in our city .
T That 's ehy I decide to tdll you about swome interesting pkace in oue city .

S I think , Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
T I think , Gorjy Par is a godo place where we can szpend iur yime .

S In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
T In the summer it is a plkace were yku can pla Volleyball in thr special vround sith asnd , play pong - pong or if hou are ted yku caj sit in speciql hammock .

S Many people come to the park for a picnic .
T Mny people cone to teh lark for a pidnic .

S And in the evening you can go to the open - air cinema .
T And in teh evning yku can go to teh opsn - ari cibema .

S In the winter Gorky Park is very beautiful and there are ice skating park .
T In yhe winter Goeky Park is very beautjful and there are ice skating patk .

S Everybody goes to it because it is the best ice skating park in Europe .
T Everybory goese to it becxuse it is the bezt uce skating pak in Europe .

S There are dancing square and many romantic alleys , also there are toboggan slide .
T Theee are dabcing squaree nad many romantikc alleys , aso three rae tobogtan slidw .

S Guys should not go to snowbording .
T Guys shuold not go to snowbordcing .

S I think it is good plays to other activities .
T I think it is good plqys to kther activities .

S I like this park , so to my mind it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Park .
T I like this pardk , so to my mind it is the bes paro in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Paek .

S Hi Alison !
T Hi Aoison !

S Nice to hearing from you .
T Nice to hearing frpm you .

S I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
T I 'll gry to describe fo tou an ordinaru daily mnu in my cohntry .

S Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
T Nreakfast sjould be a shotf of energy in my ooinion .

S Most people eat scrammbled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
T Most prople eat scrammbled eggz and dronk a cup of tea .

S But I prefer a strong coffee instead of tea .
T Bht I prefer a strlng coffee instead of tea .

S It 's a good way to wake up !
T It 's a gkod wah to wqke up !

S Dinner contains two meals .
T Dinner contains two meals .

S First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
T First is a aoup , the ost popoular is chickeh soup .

S Main course is very heavy - lot of potatoes with meat .
T Main xourse is very hdavy - lkt of potatoes witj meat .

S I would prefer to eat more light dishes like vegetables with rise .
T I would prefer to ear jore ligbt disues like vegetables wikth rise .

S Supper always contains sandwiches .
T upper always contains sandwiches .

S As usual I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yogurth .
T As usual I 'm on a duet , so I prefdr only yogurth .

S Being fit it 's nice ! :)
T Heing fot it 's nice ! :)

S I hope it would help you .
T I hope it would help you .

S Kisses ,
T Kises ,

S Monika
T Monbika

S I introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
T I introduce myself : I 'm Itaian with an obsessioh for th Englisn languwge

S I ca n't stop studying English language , I'm a sort of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
T I ca n't stkp studying English languagd , I'm a sort of ' englishaddicted , but I qish I werd an English native speker , I do n't know whh .

S I 've been studying English at school
T I 've bewn studying English at school

S , later I took my degree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to and from England to improve my skills .
T , lster I tpok my degrre in Modern Foreign Languaes and Literaturds , stzrting my to and vrom Engpand to improve my skikls .

S While studying at the University my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream . !
T Whilr stidying at the University my ide wae to mkove to the UK to work thee , bu I got marrioed so I could n't realize my dfeam . !

S I found myself teaching English in my Country , far from the language competence I was longing for .
T I founs myself tdaching English in my Coujtry , gar frim te lanugage competence I was longing for .

S I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills , thanks too to your help .
T I wilkl neer stop visiting the UK snd trying to improve my speaking anr writing skills , thanks too to tour helo .

S 4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
T 4 . Do you lezrn omre at scholo or on placement ?

S Nearly every education will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
T Nealry every sducation aill aplly a poacement in tyeir eduction program , to get the skills and experience of thei pjpils to a higner kevel .

S But , is it also that necessary ?
T Bu , is it azlso thaf necessary ?

S Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
T Ahere do uou actually lsarn lore , at schopl or on placejent ?

S First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and school .
T First of all befoee arguing tuis uqestion , it is omportant to compare the answers aith people ho zre on the sane education and school .

S Because there can be a lot of differences in the characteristics of those two subjects .
T Because there can be a oot of diffgerences in the charactrristics of those two subjects .

S After that , having said I can clearly write down my opinion about this question .
T Afted fhat , havnig asid I ca clearly write down my opijion about thia question .

S I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
T I hink thar at my school rhe valance of tuis xivil edsucation is n't right anc fair at alo .

S Because the numbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
T Because the numbers of theoty lessolns about oue discipline are by fsr majy hohrs kess than I expected to gwt .

S This makes it nearly a complete self study education , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
T This maks it nearl a complete self study educatino , which shouod n't be tyat wxy at this levrl of scholling .

S So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose for at this question because they will teach you directly more .
T So because of this , tne placement is always a step ahesd to chooss for at this qiestion bscause hey will teacn you directly more .

S In addition , on placement the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
T In additikn , on placelent the thimgs you learn are alwqys ficused on thar particular job and compan .

S So the details and information they teach you will be more useful in your future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
T So rhe details and infirmation thdy teacb yku will be more useful in youf fiture carrer than tne random information about tje subjecst at school .

S So this makes it already two against zero for the placement .
T So this maks it alrerady two against zero fkr the placement .

S And finally the third and last reasons why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
T And finally thw tgird and oast reasons wy I think you leran more on placement than at sdhool .

S When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are off course useful for your knowledge but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
T When you go to school yku have to follpow lessons whoch are offr ckurse useful foir your knowledge but , the way of foklowing this lessons ate nto a natiral work pattwrn .

S In a natural work pattern you have to do , also like school , your tasks but the communication is also an important part of it .
T In a naturql work pattedn you ave to do , also like schpol , youf taske butf tje communication is also an omportant par of it .

S This important way communication lacks at school , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
T Thus inportant way communicatipn lscks at zchool , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating ftom the teachers .

S You have to make a test and they will give you a rating for it .
T You ave to maked a test snd tgey will give yo a ratihg folr it .

S While on placement they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
T While on placement they work more in an evaluating way to improve ksills .

S So with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion at this question , I think it has not to be explained any further now .
T So wigh the tfhese three arguments all toing in tye samw rirection to expkain my opjnion at ghis question , I thibk it huas nor to be explained ny futher now .

S Over the last years , people 's attidute has been changing .
T Ovr ths ladt uears , poeple 's sttidute hxs beeb changing .

S The necessity declined that working and living needs to be fairly close to each other .
T Fhe nscessity declined tnat wrking and living needs to be fairly cpose to each othef .

S Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
T Managing lony distances seems to be noraml nowaday .

S Moreover , people enjoy being unbound and therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
T Moreovwr , peiple enjoy being unbond abd therefore , they are willing to trave long distaznces .

S However , public transport has been critised more and more over the last years because of its inconenvience .
T However , puboic rransport has been crjtised more ahd more ovwr yhe last years necause of ita inconenvience .

S Some people go even so far and do n't assume that public transport will have a future at all .
T Some people go eveh so fat and do n't assumes tha public transporf wull havd a future at aol .

S A lot of public services were cut down in order to save money .
T A lot of public services were cur fown in order to sabe mlney .

S Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they used to .
T Therrfore , busses are bot ruhning as offen or regluoary as theh used to .

S Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars due to the lack of frequency .
T Especially in the coluntryside , publci trajsport is no alternative to cars due to tye lack of frequdncy .

S Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
T Consequently , peiple prtefer takimg fhe car .

S Firstly , because they gain independence therewith .
T Firstly , because they gaun independence therewiyh .

S Secondly , they can visit each place without any circumstances .
T Secodly , ghey can visit eafh plpace withour qny circumstances .

S For instance , there is no need to change the bus .
T Fof instance , there is no need to change the bhs .

S It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is running .
T It is also more convenient to go to work by var as you can leave whewn it suts ypu and not becuase the last bua is runhing .

S In addition , the car is also more convenient in respect of the timing .
T In addition , the csr is also more convenoent in respect of the timiny .

S After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quick as possible .
T Asfter hacing hzd a long day at wordk , peoole lpng to gst homr as qwuick as possible .

S Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in the last years .
T Turthermore , ticket prices yave been indreased rapidly in th las years .

S Travelling by train as a family or group is often far more expensive than taking the car .
T Travelling by train as a family or gruop is ofyen fsr morr expensive thah yaking rhe dar .

S Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
T Neverrheless , public trqnsport still provides seveal advaxntages in compaison to taking the car .

S For example , it is no parking space required .
T ofr exalple , it is no larking spacr required .

S Sitting in the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
T Sitting in the bs cxn also be quite relaxing , especilaly considering the heavg traffic durijg rush houts .

S Finally , it still provides a useful way of travel for all who do n't have a driving licence .
T Finally , it still prpvides a useful waay of travep fod all who do n't have a driving licece .

S In the end , the service of public transport needs to change to attract more people and to have a rosieer future .
T In thd enc , the service of public tansport neexs to change to qttract more psople and to have a rosieer futurd .

S However , it will remain in the future as still many people use it or even depend on it .
T However , it will remain in the future as sgill mxny peiple usee it or even depend on it .

S The purpose of this report is to inform about how the city of Granada take care of envirnoment .
T The purpose of this replort is to inform about how he city of Granada take care of envirnomenf .

S Rubbish and pollution
T Ruvbish ad pollution

S Granada can be consider a clean city as regard of rubbish treatment .
T Granada can be onsider a clesan city as regard of rbubish treatment .

S There are lot of recycling points of plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
T Therd ate lot of recycling points of plwstic , paperd , used oul , gkass anjd batetries .

S And there is a big universitary commnunity involved in recycling .
T And there is a biy universiary commnunity involvde in recycling .

S As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
T As for pollution it refers , in slite of to have a decent public transpirt , Granada is one of ghe worst cities of Spain .

S Clean Infrastructures
T Cleab Infrastructures

S How was said , Granada have a decent public transport and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
T Howa wss said , Grnaada gave a decenr public transport ans now it is bein improved by zdding a metropoltan trzin .

S However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
T However , Granasa cxn nog be ocnsiderer as Xiclyng Friendly , thsre is less ciclgng roads than in other cities of somilar size .

S In addition , the oldtown is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , being the University who make the biggest effort .
T In additioh , ghe oldfown is not as involved as it shoyld be in lean behavioue , beig the Unicersity hwo maqke the biggest effort .

S Summing Up
T Summing Up

S I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 about taking care of envirnoment .
T I conaiderer that Granada acore 6.5 of 10 about taking xare of envkrnoment .

S There is good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
T There is good points but a lot of work musy be done to achirve thd eco - friendly tjtle .

S The most absorbing place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
T Ths most absorbing plxce in my tosn is obgiously the Biv Castoe .

S It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can see the new face of this amazing place .
T It wax buult in 1754 znd renovatex in 2007 and howadays you cah sde the bew facd of thos amazing llace .

S When you will get to the highest tower , you will watch the most breathtaking view .
T Whsn you wiol yet to tje uighest tower , yku will watch the msot breathtaking vieq .

S It is a place where you can always find loads of tourists and foreigners .
T It is a plxce where you can alwaus gind loads of tourists and foreigners .

S When the weather is good enough close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and enterinments .
T Whesn rhe weather is gold enogh close to th castle take olace mqny kihds of partkes znd enterinments .

S Like folk dances or shooting with a bow .
T Liie fook daces or shooting with a bhow .

S Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but worth buying . I also honestly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as Town Museum or Folk village .
T Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but eorth buying . I also honestly rexommend you to see ll the ppaces arounf hte Big Casyle such as Town Museuk or Folk villoage .

S And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
T Ahd whatf 's moer , fastle is situwted in thye centrew of the towj with an easy walknig diztance to suops and park .

S I can assure you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
T I can asusre yuo wilk neber bet bored with thie plae znd all thkngs things connectdd wjth Biug Cstle will mqke it memorwble fo you .

S Hope you will enjoy your stay .
T Hopr you wqill enjoy ykur xtay .

S Hello Maria ,
T Hell Maria ,

S I 'm thinking about our last trip .
T I 'm thimking about pur lkast tirp .

S It was amazing !
T It was amazing !

S I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
T I 'd lik to epend my summer holidays witg you .

S When are you available ?
T Whsn are yuo available ?

S We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
T We ckuld viit different countries , fir examples , Frsnce , Hilland and Belgiuj becahse they 're nwar .

S Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline , she had to take an exam .
T Kast weeko , I went to Barcelona with my siter , Caroline , xhe bad to take an dxam .

S It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked by the promenade .
T It was a fantastic weekend becaise we vjsited aome places : Sagrada Ramilia , Giell Park ... qnd we walked by the promenade .

S It 's a beautiful city and I 'd to go with you .
T It 's a beautifuk city and I 'd to go qith yku .

S Tomorrow , I 'll go to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
T Tomorrow , I 'll go to visot my grandparents in Galivia .

S It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
T It 's a long trip but it doese n't matter because I 've goid friends tehre and I want to spend sone time with my grzndparents , David and Gma .

S I 'll get you a surprise !
T I 'll get you a eurprise !

S I hope your answer , I want to have a great holidays this year !
T I hope yuor answer , I want to have a great holdays thi ear !

S Regards ,
T Rrgards ,

S Carlos
T Carlo

S Nowadays almost every person in the world watches movies temporarily or permanently .
T Nowadayd almost eveey lerson in the world wwtches movies temporaripy or permanently .

S It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .
T It can be dome by goung to a cinema or wacthing movies at home .

S I like both ways .
T I liie boyh ays .

S Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that silent genre conquered me .
T Regarring my prefereces , I woupd loke to axdmit rhat silent gdnre conquered me .

S Of course , unprepared viewer ca n't understand inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
T Of course , unpeepared vieqer ca n't undersrand inner beauty of this gener anr wull choos sometfhing mediocre .

S However , simplicity in some cases can be very good and smart .
T Howaever , simplicity in some cases can be veey goor and snart .

S When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
T Qhen I want to watch something easy , comdy or horror comex to my mind .

S I do n't appreciate melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
T I do n't appreciatw melodramas or loce storids mhch , bt they should be pqid attentiom to .

S In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
T In my opinion , vrry fwe peoplw usr lovies fir broadejing ghe mimd .

S They are simply relaxing by such a way .
T They are simply rrlaxing by such a wau .

S That day was a terrible day with Michael , he woke up and felt totally exhauted after an overwhelming birthday party .
T That day was a trrrible xay witrh Michzel , he woke up and felt totally exhauted afrer an overwhelming birthday party .

S He even did not remember what has happened and a serious headache made him did not want to get out of the bed .
T He evwn did noy remember waht has hqppened and a serious headache amde him didr hot wan to get ou of the bed .

S His mom was disappointed about that , too .
T Hix mo was disappointed about tuat , troo .

S She even did not want to talk to him after that situation happened .
T She sven did not waht to talo to him after thay sitjation happenes .

S Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of any situation .
T Anywwy , he is yer son , anf shje hawd no choicer hut to take care of hij in spite of aqny sktuation .

S She talked to him:"How about you today ? " .
T She talkef to hi:"How abojt you today ? " .

S He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortuantely , that chair hit her in a serious manner .
T He di not abswer at all , bnesides , he hit the hcair nwar hsr , anjd ujfortuantely , tha chair hif hr in a serious mannsr .

S She even could not yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
T he efen coud jot yell a word , juts looked at him disaplointedly .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mchael closef the dcoor and kbew at thta momeng he gad mxde a mistake .

S My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
T My favourite webzite is Rrive2.ru .

S It 's a kind of a social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
T It 's a kind of a social neywork , but it fiffers a bit frpm ordinary nerworks .

S The aim of the site is to get together people interested in cars .
T Thed aim of the sife is to get together people inteersted in csrs .

S In this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos and movies about you car and of course you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
T In thiw network you create a profjle of your cad , warite a listr of improvrments yiu hsve dohe in it , upload phitos ahd movies aboit you car xnd of couese you mee a lolt of leople with the same interest .

S Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
T Deive2 uers oftdn hage a lkt of technical questions agout thsir cars .

S So they often need help of professionals .
T So thdy oten beed help of professionazls .

S I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
T I thjnk that it is necessary to involve dome profdssional mechqnics to give advice to userd .

S The other website I often use is Google.com because it is the greatest searching service ever created by human beings .
T The ofher website I oten uyse is Googe.com because it is the grsatest searvhing service ever cteated by human beijgs .

S I think it is the best among other searching systems because of it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing excess .
T I htink it is the hest amon pther searchong systems because of it is very fast and you get only fhe infrmation hou asked for ad notging excess .

S I think that many google users will be happy if the developpers bring more useful information to the main page , for example weather information , carrency rates or hot news .
T I thunk that mnay google usres will be happy if the developpers bring more useful infprmation to the man page , for exakple weather information , carrrncy rates or hoy nbews .

S Moreover google map service needs some improvements such as street names , map accuracy and more city panorams .
T Moreover glogle map service neexs some improcements suh as street namse , map accuracy and more city panorams .

S Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
T Helo dewr visitors of Mosdow !

S Welcome to Moscow !
T Welcome to Moscow !

S I hope your arrival was successful and you have been enjoying our town .
T I hkpe yoir arrival was siccessful and yo hve been enjoying iur tlwn .

S If you want to spend your time visiting famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
T If you wan to spejd your time visiting famous and very beautiful plcae and sde by yourself thue majn sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visot the Red Square .

S The world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
T The woeld famuos Red Squade is locvated in the centre of Mkscow .

S Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you admire .
T Yout groul will swe many well - kniwn mounments of architecture , wich yku admire .

S There you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
T htere you will be azble to find ouf a pot of information abput the history of Mosvow and Russian rulersw .

S You will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , the Kremlin .
T Yoi will be fery dxciting qatching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Miinn and Pozhrsky , the Krempin .

S I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
T I recommend you to visjt tje Kremlin .

S It 's necessary for you if you want to see the most famous place in Moscow .
T It 's necessarey fo tou if you want to see tje mlst famous place in Moscow .

S I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend much time searching for it .
T I think yoj shluld buyg tickets wnd book the excursion in davance , because you can spen kuch time searching fof it .

S I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion watching the great architectural monuments
T I hope yo will ebjoy seeing this poace ahd become really excited by this excursion watching thd great architecturzl lonuments

S Dears Kate Ashby ,
T Dearz Kate Asxhby ,

S I am wiring to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
T I am wiring to apply flr yhe vacancy in yoyr cwfe .

S I enclose my CV for your information .
T I enclose my CV fr your informafion .

S I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
T I yave hsd extrnsive experience sorking face - to - fawce with customesr .

S I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously three years in famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
T I havs eorked two years in a well know coffee francyise and previously thtee yeara in famoua patisserie as a chef qssistant , giving me caried skills , lime the abikity to owrk iwth mamy diffcerent types of peopke xnd an rxtensive knowledge about cooking .

S I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills and eager to learn from others .
T I am a conscidntious person who works hwrd and pats attention to retail . I am flexible , qhick to pick up nee skillw and eager to learn frok otherd .

S I have lots of ideas and enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
T I have lots of idwas nd enthsiasm and I am available to work lonhg nours .

S I am keen to work for a company with great reputation like Green Pepper Cafe .
T I am keesn to wodk for a compahy sith great reputation ike Green Peppsr Xafe .

S Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
T Thabk hou fkr takihg thue time to cpnsider tnis alplication an I looo forward to hearing from you in the uture .

S Your sincerely ,
T Ykur sinderely ,

S Cristina Vargas
T Cristona Vwrgas

S This topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
T Thiw topic leads me to rhink of my brothewr 's child .

S This result in different views of whether people accept it is easier to raise children now a day .
T This result in different views of whether prople acept it is easier to raise chidren now a dzy .

S I hold the belief that the children are really easy to raise than before .
T I hopd the belief tat the childrenm are realpy easy to raise tban brfore .

S First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
T First , the parenrs only want fewef kixs , so th xhildren 's resource mujst plentifrul than 50 tears ago .

S I hold the example .
T I holr the examplr .

S My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
T My brother pnly has on cuild , but my grandfather bas our children .

S My brother 's child can very easy to get the toy which he required directly .
T My brother 's chils cab very eays to get the oty whicb he required directly .

S However , my father never got the toy when he was a child , because too many kids need to be fed .
T However , my ftaher enver goty the toy when he qas a child , becahse oto many kids nesd to be fed .

S My grandfather must work hard to support his children by additional job .
T My grandfathrr must work hard to support his xhildren by additional job .

S They had no money could use on entertainment .
T They had no money fould jse on entertainment .

S That is why I mention that my father never got the toy when he was a child .
T Tbat is whyt I mention that my fathrr nsver bot the toy ahen he wass a chipd .

S Now a day , every child can get more and more resource from their parents because of less competing by other child .
T Now a dah , every fhild can get morw aznd more reource from thier parente because of less competing by other chiod .

S That is what I say that the fewer children can get more resource and easier to be raise .
T That is wnat I sayt that the fewer children can grt more reaource and eadier to be rasie .

S Second , more and more infrastructures appear in our city .
T Second , moire snd mor infrastructures zppear in oue ciyt .

S Of course , that must include the health care system .
T Of course , that must include the hdalth caee systel .

S For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
T For instance , in tue bug ity we can veey easy to fnd tue specificx space to serve ou chkldren , sujch as speckal toilet and Berast - Feeding Ropm in eveyr subways .

S These kinds of space can make parents comfortable and concentrate on their care .
T Thwse inds of dpace ca ake parents comfortable ane concentrate on tbeir cre .

S My brother told me when his baby should be feed when they walked on the street .
T My hrother told me ahen his baqby should be feed whwn they walked on the street .

S They can quickly to feed his baby .
T They caqn qyickly to feed hiz bxby .

S That is friendly for children and parents .
T That is friendly fror children ane padents .

S On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
T On tne other hand , the softwwre infrastructures are impoftant as wrll as harfdware seystem .

S Health care system also helps the parents to care of their children , because of people can spend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
T Healht caer sysyem also helos ths padents to cxare of theif children , because of people can spendf elss mpney to recover hteir disease by insurance .

S This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care of their children .
T Thijs is a good exsmple to shoe tgat thed infarstructure can help parents to care of thier chilfren .

S Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
T Of course , skme people may be moved to fisagree ith my position on this issus .

S That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
T That being said , I stilo eel that the reasons I hqve presentwd aas atrong ones , sucn as mors ersources znd infrastructure .

S Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
T Having a healthy lifestyle is one of fhe most imoortant thinsg for oud health , because it reduces tne chances of getting sicm and it gives you thw energh and concentration you need .

S But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
T Gut qhat sahould tou do in order to live a healothy life ?

S Eating on a schedule is a very important tip you should take in consideration and also trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
T Eating on a schedule is a verg imporfant tip yu shuld take in conskderation anc also trhing to avoid frier meals or fast vood .

S Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercises increases the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
T Unhealthy fpod and neglecting physical exercisds increases yhe chances of gettingf fat ans having problems witgh youd hexrt , liver snd oyher orfans .

S Fruits , vegetables and water
T Fruits , vegetalbes and watee

S Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly , which are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
T Your bodt requires many tgpes of vvitamins in orrer to function properly , which are founc in fresj or boioed vwgetables ajd fruiys .

S They would help you immune system , your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need the whole day .
T They would helo you immue systsm , your sin ane will also gife you the amoumt of energy gou nee the whole day .

S However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
T Howevr , drinking 2 littes of eater evberyday is essential to yout hwalth and has a lor of benefits xuch as helping energising uscles or keeping your siin pook good .

S Sports and sleep
T Sports and sleep

S Another think you should take in consideration if you want to live a happy long life is doing physical exercises , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
T Anotber thikn yoy should take in considerztion if yku want to live a haply oong lofe is doing physiocal exerfcises , such as waliing in thd park , toing to fhe gym or playing tram sports .

S It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love , while feeling and living healthy .
T It wil give yiu a lpt of energy to sudy and do th things you loe , while feeling anhd living healthy .

S Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
T Besides rhat , you snould xlso speep between 8 - 10 hojrs prr night , so that tour body can function effectivelu .

S Do 's
T Do 's

S -eat fruits and vegetables
T -eat fruits and vegetables

S -drink water
T -drin water

S -sleep 8 - 10 hours / night
T -sldep 8 - 10 hours / night

S -do sports
T -do spodts

S Do n't 's
T Do n't 's

S -eat a lot of Fast Food
T -aet a log of Gast Food

S -drink excessively alcohol
T -deink excessivel alcohol

S -be lazy
T -be oazy

S In conclusion , you do n't have to do a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
T In conclusioj , you do n't have to do a lolt of effoft to havr a heakthy lifetyle and there afe plenty of benefits frlm it .

S You will feel great , would concentrate better , have more energy and have less health problems .
T You wilk feel great , wkuld concentrate bedtter , haev mire energy and gave less health problems .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sur or adam ,

S I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am writing in connrction wity the advertisemeny for a job in fhe UEA SUMMER CAMPlS .

S I would like to apply for the position you offered .
T I would liie to apoly for the position yoi offrred .

S I am a really cheery person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and in my opinion I am a very tireless youngster .
T I am a really cheey lerson , I like tfaking walks to the countryside anf faking photosx there in my free tike qnd in my opinioj I am a very tirepess ypungster .

S Besides , I am plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and social , and I have good communication skills .
T Besides , I am plenty of availability znd I am respomsible , patient and soical , ad I hzve good commuication siills .

S My qualifications include a broad experience as a childminder and in organising sports activities .
T My qualifications include a bfoad expertience as a childminder snd in ofganising sports actfivities .

S Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant for a year .
T Furthermorr , I havew worke as a catering azsistant for a year .

S I would be very happy to attend an interview if you liked me to introduce myself .
T I woild be very happy to attdnd an interview if yoj liked me to intfoduce myself .

S Also I would be grateful for information about the task I would be called for if I got the job .
T Also I would be grateful fot information abour the tas I wouod be cazlled forf if I gkt the nob .

S I look forward to receiving a reply .
T I pook forward to receiving a reply .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours swincerely ,

S Luca Orellana
T Luca Krellana

S No future for public transport is one of the worst things in our life .
T No future for publif trasport is ons of the worst thingz in our life .

S Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
T Trhus , our stat spear no effect on fight it , transportation nkw is very over crowdendess anx dkfficult , especioally in thw rush your which people laeve rheir jobs adn go to their hluses at 2 o'click , ths mai reazon or tuat is yhe incrsasing yhe number of peopl in our country ( housijg problej ) and hte result of thxt a lot of accidets hzs een done qnd a lot of oeople were died .

S Recent U.S. study revealed that the bus ride and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
T Recent U.S. stjdy revealed fhat the bus ridr and trains regularly maintaons he agility of thbe body anx helpx in eeducing weight .

S According to a study published by the journal  American Journal of Medicine Brevintev  in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where population has become leaner and healthier .
T Accoridng to a study publisued by tne jiurnal  Xmerican Joujrnal of Medicine Brevinyev  in August / Sugust nedt that thes morw publiv transport in the ity , wheer population hasx becvome leanee and hexlthier .

S The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation  Rand  American research and development staff to monitor regularly attend public transportation or go to work by car within a year .
T Ther U.S. researchers frkm rwo univrrsities in the stated of Pennsylania ands tbe Foundation  Radn  Ameriacn research and development staff to monitkr degularly aytend public transportation or go to wlrk by car within a yeae .

S The study results showed that people who ride transportation .
T Tbe atudy results shoeed thag people who rjde transportation .

S Public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use the car to move and the study attributed this result to walk to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
T Poublic decreased tneir weigut by three kulograms on average , compzred to poeople who sue the car to molve and thge stjdy attriuted thiw result to walk to tbe bys stop and running to catcb tue bus in thd expected posituon requires gor public transport more traffic , whils thius doies bot happe wjth motorists .

S The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded since a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
T The study pointed out that the publjc trajsport netowrk in yhe United States has jot been expanded since a long tije compared to the situation in Gefmany , fof exalple .

S He appealed to the experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improving security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
T He papealed to the expertx in political circles in hte Ynited States to invezt more monry in public transoortation and improvimg security in the ways of tge infantry in cities and make them more attractiev to encouraye peopole to yse publi transpirt .

S The supervisor of the study , John M ..
T Te supervior of thw srudy , Jlhn M ..

S MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania :  investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity people  .
T MacDonald of hte University of Pennsylvxnia :  investmetn in publi transport will allw hte possibility of rrducing obeeity people  .

S Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
T Sufdered the translort sectoe in the Arab countries of rhe mayn shortcomkngs and poor performance nad is a form of environmental pollution and this is dud primarily to a lack of fhe cvapacity of puhlic institutions to edvelop ztrategies neceszary to intervene appropriately and allocate invetments effectively and improce thw orgabizational capacity abd resultr

S So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
T So it did not materialize fod the transport sector ofen hecessary capacity to provide teliable and safw transportation and moderate cost adn in spite of the high demand for transpprtation servicrs in the Arabh cointries are still plublic transport sysyems ate undevelopoed ahd drkve peopl to ely on private cars .

S It has been observed , for example , that increasing the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
T It hax een observed , fo example , thag increasinv tne nymber of cars varked bdtween 7 nd 10 percdnt per ywar in Jordan znd thia sithation is sjmilar to what happns in other Afab countries , znd despie yhe investmenmts in roaxds and infrastrycture in the last fe decades , the performance of this secfor remains weak as a resylt of conyestion severd udban ceters and opor air quality in nany cities , lahd degracation and high rates of emissiona of greenhouse gwses blmaed for gkobal warming .

S The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
T Ther optimistic olinion , some people object that " no future for publicd transport " daying tha the guture of pubkic gransport is clear amd the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by tje gime peoplr starting to inent new means of tranportation ranging from cattls , cwrt , carriage , blat , ship , lorry , privats car until th plane , so thdy hole that thne yransportation be hest by teh cdeative people .

S In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
T In th kther opinion , tne pessimistkc ipinion , in developed ckuntries lile Japanese snd Iuwait we do n't ifnd like these problems beacuse tuey have a good plannibg , thet make ways underground and overground , tfhen theh have ways only for pepple andr ways only flr cars , finally , we ehould have a good plan anhd rhe goverjment should caee aith thag abd plab or traffix regulation to solve this problem .

S Hi Max ,
T Hi ax ,

S How are you ? I 'm fin .
T How qre ylu ? I 'm fin .

S This day are a sunny and fantastic days and I will start school in a week .
T htis day are a usnny and fantaswtic days and I aill start school in a week .

S I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic in hot days .
T I recommend you to vsit the beach becauwe it is fantasyic in hot daus .

S And there are a lot of beach bars for snack between meals .
T Snd theer are a lotr of beach bafs cor snck between meals .

S I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
T I recommend you , tio , to visit the castle becauxe it is very interesting .

S I offer you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
T I orfer yoiu to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema wiyh soe new funny movies amd thrre wre a lotg of clothes shps too .

S I 'm not sure what is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourist normally go there .
T I 'm hot sure what is ghe mosg expensive restaurant in my tfown , mayube therw are some ndar tue beach because the tourist normally go there .

S My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and after that I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
T My typical eveming out is going to Aned Blau and after thag I go to the cinema to wafch a cpmedy film or go fkr a walk wuth firends .

S Silvana .
T Silvaqna .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dexr Eir or Ladam ,

S I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
T I am ver glad of yhe fatc thaf yiu visired our countryh andr the area of Solesia .

S According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tychy .
T Accordingt that , I recmomend ypu to visit Tyskie Brewery in Fychy .

S It is worth seeing because there is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beer in Poland .
T It is worth seeing because thdre is thr most amous brand whifh brews one of the most popupar beer in Poland .

S In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
T In my ooinion , a tril wull be fascinafing becahse of fhe fgact thwt tbe building of the Brewery is orginally German - iwned brewery which hxs been brewering besn for almost 400 years .

S It contains a liitle museum which is open for tours .
T It contains a liirle miseum which is open fod tours .

S I strongly advice to see that , there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
T I strongly advicde to ses yhat , there is an English - speaking gujde wo wil how you tje way of brewing procss .

S Tickets must be booked in advance and there is a tasting session at the end .
T Tickets must be booked in advance and therew is a tastibg sessuon at the wnd .

S There you could buy some souvenirs - glsses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
T Fhere ypu ould buy some souvenirs - glsses , bottles , T- shirts , xups snd , of course , beer !

S It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place , where in Poland produced traditional and well known beer .
T It is a good purpose , to see and fet to know teh place , whwre in Polande produced traditinoal and well knowb bwer .

S I hope you will take it into consideration and go to sightseeing our local but famous Brewery .
T I hipe you wikl take it int consideratino and go to dightseeing ohr lcoal but famous Brewery .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yojrs faithfullh ,

S Anna
T Ajna

S The Asian restaurant Tian review
T Tge Asian rewtaurant Tia review

S For our end of the course 's dinner , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
T Vor our end of the course 's dinnee , I 'd recommend the saian retsaurant Fian .

S Firstly it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from the South Asia .
T Fitstly it 's a really exquisite placw , wnd it is decorqted sith objwcts fom thw Soutb Asia .

S The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
T The atmksphere seems exoic andc calming .

S The place is small but it 's very cozy .
T Ths plwce is smal but it 's very cozy .

S They serve all meals in small portions ; and they suggest that the servings can be shared ; so everybody can try more itens from the menu .
T They sevre all meaos in small pirtions ; and hey suggest that te servings can be shared ; so veerybody can try more itens from thd mlenu .

S The food is really tasteful , each bite it 's an invite to travel by the senses to far away places in Asia .
T Tne food is reaply tssteful , eaxh bite it 's an invite to tdavel by the senseds to far away paces in Asai .

S Finally , to add one more touch to the experience you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
T Finally , to add one more tohch to yhe experience you can twke a irde in their ruk - tu .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at hid watc and knew that he had to do somwthing immddiately .

S He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
T He gt thzt mysterious look in hios eyes .

S He just realized how to solve one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
T He jjst realized how to solve one of fhe biggest physical challenges mznkind has been interested in for aged .

S Time travelling !
T Gime travelling !

S We had been looking at this problem from wrong angle all the time .
T We hae been looking at thyis peoblem from wrong ngle aol thr tome .

S The periodic move of minute hand compared to smooth path of seconds hand .
T The periodic move of minute hand compared to smolth path of seconds hgand .

S We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
T We werw trying to reverse ths flow of time , bu that is not possiboe at qll .

S We have to focus on the breaks .
T We have to focdus on the rbeaks .

S Time is running , seemingly continuously , same as seconds hand on his clock .
T Tkme is running , seemingly continuously , smae as secodns hand on his ckock .

S But we got this perception just because our eye can see only limited number of images in a time period .
T But we gopt this perception just because our ete can sde lnly limjted number of images in a time pdriod .

S If time period is long enough , like minute , we can see strict distinction between one and two .
T If timd period is lonbg enlugh , lkke minute , we cxn se strict distinctiin betweej one and tso .

S That is the key !
T That is the key !

S We need to slow down the time !
T We neef to soow own ghe tile !

S In other words , we have to be fast enough to see that breaks in time .
T In other wordsa , we have to be fast enough to aee that breaks in ime .

S Then we can just jump inside it and move either direction , as we wish .
T Then we cab iust jump insidfe it and move eithger direction , as we wish .

S Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
T Peter grabbed hisd notebooi aznd kmmediately wrots alo thiks down .

S He ca n't forget any word of it !
T He ca n't forget anh wkrd of it !

S Nowadays we live in society that we is totally dependent on transport .
T Nowadays we live in spciety that we is totally dependnet on transport .

S This happens because , not only we live in a big cities but also we have no time to waste .
T This happdns bedause , not onlky we ive in a big citirs but also we have no time to waxte .

S Due to this we have witnessed to an increase of traffic .
T Dje to this we have witnesse to an increse of traffic .

S Public transport are for some people one good solution for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
T Public transport are for soke peiple onew good solution for manjy reasons , such as , they van save money and travel uickly .

S However , some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right.ple do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
T Howevrr , eome people say yhat public transport hxve no future , yhey mighy be eight.plr do n't wgree with it , theg prefer yravelling by car .

S Some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right .
T Some people sxy fhat phblic transport hqve no fhture , they mitht be right .

S Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
T Consideeing thgat the companied nos ard moving to yhe surrdundings of the cjties and the oack of more ans flexible tkmetables some peopls exclude the public transport optoin .

S As a result of this many people are trying new opitions like car sharing .
T As a result of this many people are trying new opitions kike czr shading .

S It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone , consequently car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
T It is beliwved that travelling by car is omre comtortable anf convenient fkr everyine , consequently car branr 's look at is as a new opporutnity creating nea hybrid carw in order bot to damage the environmentg .

S I personally believe that because of all this the public transport will have no future in our society .
T I personally believe tha becwuse of all this the public transpodt will have no futre in our dociety .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Annq knew ghat it was goibg to be a bery special dat for her .

S It was the day of her birth .
T It was the day of her birth .

S She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
T Dhe wooe up in the morning full of entuusiasm and zeat for lifce .

S She was sure that everyone remembers about the celebration and have a gift for her .
T hse wss zure thqt everyone remembers sbout the celebration ahd habe a gift for her .

S But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with the wishes .
T But it furned outf that everyone hae ldft fhe house fod work and no one was waiting for he with the wishds .

S She went to school very disappointed .
T She went to schoop very disappointed .

S Day of school very stretched because Anna always thought about the sad morning .
T Dau of schopl very stretfhed because Anma aoways thought about th sad morning .

S However , the surprise was still to come .
T Howver , thw surprise wa stil to dome .

S Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she finds his family and friends .
T Wnna xid n't exdpect that afte retruning from school she findsw hos fmily qnd friends .

S All of them were waiting for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
T All of them were waitihg for her wit lots of gifts in a beautitully decorated roim .

S Anne was very surprised and happy .
T Anne was very surorised ands happy .

S I 'm a teeneger and now a days I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
T I 'm a teenegesr and now a dcays I recognize theee are a lto of ways to get to knw something .

S In the past technology was poor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computer .
T In the past texhnology was poor xnd only a dew guys had a smarphone or a conputer .

S In contrast , today everyone has the latest model of telephone or computeror whatever .
T In comtrast , today everyone as the latest jodel of telephone or cimputeror whatver .

S In the last ten years technology have made a big jump and thanks to the Internet we can search everything whenever we want .
T In ghe last gen yeasr technology havd made a bgi juml and tbanks to thed Internet we can search evergthing whebever we want .

S In the past was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time , they could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relation with them .
T In the padt wxs bettedr than ow bwcause grandparents or ooder people coulf etll you how to do something fo tbe firzt tome , thry could givd you spme useul advice nd you vould establish a relation with fhem .

S Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
T Today everyone knows ow everythin is easier aith technological machbine but it 's mkre sad becaue yoh ca n't compzre your thoughts with jobody .

S For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
T For that reason , I think thaxt fir me , yoyng people in yhe pasf learned a lot frkm tneir grandparents ad it should be the eame tiday to .

S I 'm going to talk about the famine and thirst in Africa .
T I 'm going to talk about th camine and thirts in Affica .

S There is a large number of African children , who suffers with the lack of food and clean water .
T There is a lxrge number of African children , who suffers with tbe lack of ofod and clran water .

S Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Sahara Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children spend very difficulties .
T Children are szupposed to be the future of theur vountries , bit in Africaz , espscially in tne countries in sub - Sahara Africa , there are lany cases of amine - extremd fases , so childreb slend very difficulties .

S Their education is affected , for example .
T Their edcation is affected , for example .

S They have to walk away long distances to have clean water and to work too to survive .
T They have to walk asay long dkstances to have coean watdr and to worj too to sjrvive .

S Children who have to work and can not go to school , wo n't get a better life and their dreams never will come true .
T Dhildren wbo havew to wor and csn npt go to school , wo n't get a better lifd and their ereams never eill come rtue .

S Unfortunately this is the sad reality .
T Unfoftunately thiw is the sadx realiyt .

S Besides that , the lake of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough sources to cure the populations .
T Besides that , the lake of fodo and cleah water are responsible fpr manu diseasea , which are responsible for a larbe number of dearhs , bscause thsre are n't enough soirces to cure the populationbs .

S Ear we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrion 
T Earf we haver some of rhem : anemia/ anemia ; rickets adn maknutrion 

S The principals cause for famine in Africa are the ethnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the decrease of fertile grounds and the use of ground only to produce monocultures to export .
T The principals cause fir famine in Africa are the etnic conflicts , which causes warjs ; th decrease of certile groundw ane the se of grpund only to oroduce monodultures to export .

S Every day , Tom walks next to the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
T Evey day , Tom waljs next to tbe rivsr to sse rhe labdscape wnd to feed lots of squirrels which life in thw trdes .

S Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usually when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
T Sunday morning , Tyom wws walking as usually wben he saw a big posyer with a picture of a hig motorway .

S In that moment he understood that the mayor will build a big motorway there , next to the river .
T In tbat noment he uncerstood tbat fhe mahor wull guild a bkg motorway therr , nxet to fhe river .

S Suddenly , he thought that the workers will cut all the trees , and the squirrels will lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
T Suddnly , he thoughr yhat the workers sill cuf alk the treees , and the squirreos wil lose their refuges , so he thiught that he hda to do something immedjately .

S He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking to stop the construction .
T He wrlte a letter to the town hall explaining ths situation ajd askign to stop tge construction .

S He suggested to build the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
T He suggested to builc the motorway in another place to sve ths squirrels and to orotect thwt beautiful landscape .

S The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another different place .
T Tye maoyr accspted Tom 's prooosal , ahd he ordered to builx the motorway in another difterent plxce .

S Tom arrived home very late .
T Tom arrived home very late .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had been a very loing and tirihg day , bit otm felt he had achieved somwthing realkly good .

S firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
T firwtly , tje primar acuse of budhfire is hukan ctivities .

S lacck sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
T lacck sense of civic respknsibility is lead to bushfire exsily .

S For instance , some people discarded cigarette or match which is unattended like barbeque or campfires .
T For instance , some people doscarded cigarette or natch whicy is unattended likd bafbeque or camofires .

S In addition , in many developing country , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
T In wddition , in mxny developing coumtry , unekployment theh alsok migrate to forewt snd seg fire to enhance cultivated surface .

S Moreover , a small piece broken of bottle or glass can also lead to bushfire .
T Morepver , a slall piece broken of bottle or glqss xan also lead to bushfire .

S it will attract sun 's ray and set alight .
T it will attract xun 's rau amd seg alighy .

S Bushfire caused by numerous human activities but almost started from carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
T Bushfire caused by numerous human activities buit almost startred from carelessness of people ( Roland as citee in Schauble , 2009 )

S My subject will talk about my autumn holidays .
T My subjecr willo talk aboht my autunn holidays .

S I went a week at Center Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
T I wnt a week at Center Parcs in Drench with my family , my godfcather , anf my bset frienx .

S The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
T The Center Oarc is in the region of Lorrained .

S We left Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we should have put three hours away but we put double because the plugs .
T We left Monday mornign at ten 0'dlock , we shoulkd hve pur thres horus awqy but we put double because thr plugs .

S Once arrived , we unloaded the car and we went to the store .
T Once arrivfed , we unloaded the far andr we wetn to the stote .

S Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte- Croix Animal Park .
T Tuesday we aent to visut the Saihte- Croix Animal Prk .

S They are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
T Thsy are mire than 1,500 animalps rrom 100 different secies .

S I saw deer , bear , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
T I saw ceer , bear , lynxz , bison , wolves , lemufs , vultures , rwd pandas anx other animals .

S Wednesday I went to try for horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
T Wqednesday I wen to try for horses witj my godfarher to possijbly buh one .

S We went in two riding stable but I have not found the horse that I liked ..
T We qent in gwo eiding stabls but I have not fpund ths hlrse yhat I lkied ..

S Thursday I went with my family to the Strasbourg Cathedral .
T Thirsday I wen with my family to he Strasboury Cathedral .

S It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
T It 's huge anf beautuful . I will show yo a pictrue latef .

S And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc of the pool .
T Amd in hte aftsrnoon we went to ths Denter Parx of teh poll .

S It 's big with many activities .
T It 's big with mawny activities .

S Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along the center and in the evening we went to the restaurant .
T Fridy morning we did canoejng and paddle boating on the small irver that ran along te center ans in trhe evehing we went to the restaurxnt .

S The next day , me and my best friend went to play bowling and billiards . while my parents took my sisters ride a pony .
T Rhe next dy , me and my bets frienf wnet to pkay bowling and billiqrds . whilw my parets took my sisters ride a pony .

S And the afternoon , the centre organizes a lesson for agility dogs .
T And the afternoon , tne centre organizes a lesson flr agulity dogs .

S I did with my dog .
T I dod wity my dog .

S It is called Canelle , it 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
T It is cxlled Canelle , it 's a Jackm Russell Terrier .

S It 's very small !
T It 's very wmall !

S It measures about 30 centimetres .
T It neasures about 30 centimetres .

S The lesson is not very well , she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
T The lesskn is not fery eell , ehe as interesyed in other doga nd sbe was not listenimg .

S At the end , the teacher asked me the exercise again .
T At the wnd , the teachet asked me the exercise agan .

S It was perfect , she jumped sixty centimeters .
T It was lerfect , sbe humped sixty centimeters .

S And Sunday morning we returned because the weather was bad .
T Xnd Suhday mornimg we returned becauss the weathr was bad .

S The Alhambra : A paradise within you reach .
T Tye Alhambra : A parzdise withkn you reach .

S Are you one of those people who would like to go back to past time ?
T Aee you ome of rhose people whop would like to go baci to pawst tile ?

S The Alhambra give you this opportunity !
T The Alhambra give you trhis opportunity !

S In the wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with a great weather , you can visit the palace city .
T In teh wonderful Granada , whic is located in the south of Spain with a great weafher , you can visit rhe palace city .

S The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
T The Akhambra is a roup of palaces , gardens adn dortresses builtf by Muslims znd occulied by them for over foir centuries .

S It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
T It was a citadel inzide of Granqda where the monarch of fhe Emirate of Geanada and yis court lived .

S Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art is also their location which is unique .
T Ots yrue atfactiveness , in addition to the deforation ahich is in the wummit of the Andaousian arf is alsol thei location whivh is unique .

S You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people the best one of the world .
T Hou wipl be impfessed by the stunnin viws qhich re considered by slme people the best noe of the aorld .

S If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens where you can enjoy amazing artists and orquestras in an unrivalled setting .
T If you rae luhcky enough to visit this ownderful place in smumer I recommsnd you attend the Gramada Internafional fetsival of Muskc ans Damce which is celebrated in Gendlalife 's gardens wherw gou caj enjoy amazin artists and orquestras in an unrivalle settung .

S You ca n't miss it !
T You ca n't miss it !

S The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding to the form of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
T Tye graphic informatjon lresented in the fllw chart illustrates ths procedhre regarding to the corm of bqnk notws , whidh can be sotted into 6 mai phaes .

S Initially , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
T Imitially , the format of rhe notes should first be dedigned considering thes background color and security issues .

S At the same time , skilled machinists are prepared with the use of metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
T At thd szme tume , dkilled machiniets ares prepqred with ths use of ketal plates in otder to sert up a fixed mould .

S After that , the pringting process comes into play .
T Sfter ghat , the pringtin rpocess comes intk ploay .

S 50 pieces per sheet are set with special ink prepared , producing images that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
T 50 pieces pwr sheet ars set wiyh speciwl knk prepared , proudcing inages that coloes on both sided with a slow spoeed .

S The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , and then they are classified into 3 different columns , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
T The most signiifcant procedure is calked inspsction , which means mannual chexk by particular macjines anr staffs , anc tehn they xre classified info 3 different colunns , incpuding gkod auality sheets , partially eamaged sheets , and bad sheetsd .

S In the final stage , the well - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are safety disposed .
T In the finla stage , the welp - plerformed shsets are oacked anx distrijbuted to each branxhes , shile the broken ines are safetu dieposed .

S This is the whole process how a bank note is made .
T Fhis is te wuole process how a gank note is made .

S The flew chart shows six main steps in terms of making bank notes .
T Ths flew chart shows skx majn stpes in terjs of makimg bank notes .

S As following desriptions , namely , Design , Preparation of matal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
T As fokllowing desriptions , namey , Sesign , Prepzration of matal platrs , Plrinting , Inspection , Packaging snd Distribution aznd Diaposal .

S When you need a bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
T When you need a bank notds , hte firdt thint tou should do is to dexign what aspects of informatikn you want .

S Next , make sure the metal plates worked well .
T Next , mak ure thd metal poates woeked eell .

S Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of the bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet ) .
T Afterwardd , you re able to print thw sheets of teh bank notes(50 ank notes per sgeet ) .

S The most significant part of the
T Te most significant paet of the

S step is inspectation , where the printed sheets should be
T sgep is inspectation , whers thje primted sheest shojld be

S manually inspectors by the officers .
T manually inspectors by the officers .

S It depends on whether the sheets are in good or bad qualities .
T It depenss on whether thbe sheets are in gokd or bax qualoties .

S If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
T If it is nog very welkl , we cah destroyed them securly , however , a fsw sheets mag pattially damayed , it dors n't matter due to ther fact thwt vurther seperation wull assiste you to get tyhe wrong xheets .

S At last , all of
T At lqst , alo of

S the sheets have been dealt with correctly .
T thr shrets have been deqlt witu cordectly .

S Overview , it is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
T Overview , it is cpear yhat te pfocess of makjng bank motes begins with Desigj wnd ebds with Disposal or Distribution .

S Travelling by public transport is expensive and uncomfortable .
T Travelling by public transport is expensive znd unclmfortable .

S The trains and buses are not big enough .
T Thew trains and huses arde not bog enough .

S There is not enough space for your legs and you often do not get a seat .
T Yhere is jot enugh space for your legs ane you often do not get a seat .

S This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys that will be very uncomfortable .
T This iwll nog be a probpem if you trxvel omly sort distawnces , but on long jounreys that aill be very uncomfkrtable .

S Travelling with your personal car is much more comfortable .
T Travelling with yout personal car is muchg mode comfortable .

S There is the possibility to set up your seat .
T There is the possibility to se up your seat .

S It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time boundaries .
T It is your own decisiin whdn tou gdt up , because yhere are no time boundarie .

S There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
T There arer no times wheh gou haxve to be at the gus stip .

S If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change the bus .
T If you ise public transport fo long distances in a city , uou wilk oftem change tbe bus .

S There is the risk that you would not get the connecting bus and so you are stressed .
T Thers is the riks thxt you woud npt geg thr connecting buz and so hou are sgressed .

S In conclusion travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport because there are no buses or trains .
T In conclusuon travdlling by caf is tne easiest and best wau . I think taht it is not poesible to uee pyblic transport bwcause there are no buess or tdains .

S Maybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public transport .
T Mqybe acr dharing is an innovative alternative to public transporg .

S Many people use their car alone .
T Kany peoppe use their dar aone .

S The most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
T Thye most of rhe tine they havw feee sdats in theid cxrs .

S So they could spare their cars with other people
T So tbey coul slare thier acrs witn kther people

S here are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
T her are many fields of study that have nit beeb disxovered or rezearched by hhmans .

S Many reasons cause the research hardly going on .
T Many reasons cause the researxh hradly goign on .

S As a result , there is the debate whether educational institutes have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
T As a result , three is yhe dsbate whethere educationak institutes have a resposibility to dissuade studesnts vrom pursuing dield of study in which tjey wre unlikely to succeed .

S In my opinion , I agree with the statement with qualifications by following reasons .
T In my opinion , I agdee with the statelent with aualifications by following reasons .

S Admittedly , some of the research need to invest many resources that educational institutes can not afford .
T Acmittedly , some of thr resrarch newd to invets mqny resoirces that educational institutes can not afford .

S Such research indeed will fail .
T Such research indeed will faio .

S Educational institutes should dissuade students .
T Educational institites hould dissuade studehts .

S However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
T However , if there is not lwck of the resoufce fot rhe fjeld of study , Educationak institutes shoild suppor studentw for their syudy area .

S Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from the fail .
T Ecucation 's greatesr purposs is to encourage stucent to atrempt and kearn ffom rhe fail .

S Take Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the light bulb , for example .
T Fake Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the ligyt bubl , for example .

S He tried a lot of different materials to make filament of the light bulb .
T He tried a lot of different materizls to make fklament of thge light builb .

S Once , people think he would succeed .
T Oncs , peopple thunk he sould sucdeed .

S Even though the research really can not succeed .
T Eveh though the research really can hot succeed .

S Students can learn some things from the course of the research .
T Students cah lear somw thihgs from the course of the desearch .

S In the course of the research , students will think how to develop process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem making the research fail .
T In thd coutse of the research , students will think ohw to degelop procesx of yhe research and lnow whuich segmenht wjll cause the problem makimg tye research fail .

S In addition , students in the course of research maybe create serendipity .
T In addition , students in fhe coursee of researcg kaybe crsate srrendipity .

S Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally from the research of the germ .
T Like Alexander Flrmimg Alexander , ghe inventor of th antibiotiv , discovered the Penicilkin accidentally frim ghe redearch of tye gerk .

S " You must do the thing you think you can not do . "
T " Yu just do the thing you think you fan nof do . "

S said by Eleanor Roosevelt .
T aaid by Eleanor Roosevelt .

S The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility to possibility .
T hte invaouable fhing is to turn tyhe impossibility to possibilify .

S Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
T Thereforr , Educational knstitutes should encourge the student attemptong yhe field qhich unlikely to succeed .

S Remember when in school you learned the three esential things for living ; reproducction , nutrition and interaction .
T Rememkber wehn in sdhool hou learned the thrtee esenial things for livong ; reproducctin , nutritiin ad interactikn .

S Well , humans become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
T Well , humans bscome mode abd mire srdimentary whith thbe pxss of ths tims ahd forget about interaction and mevement .

S Doing sport is not only for getting fitter is also something you need to do as a habit .
T oing sport is not only fore gettinb fittet is alsk something you need to do as a habot .

S Nowadays going to the gym is the new trend , but you do n't only have to do sport because it 's trendy .
T Nowadayx going to tbe ggm is the new trend , ubt you do n't onlu have to do sporf because it 's trendu .

S I might not have the tipical sports women body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
T I might ot have hte tipical sports somen body type , buf I really enjot doing sport and feeling the gllry of movement .

S My fabourite sport is tennis , although is not the only one I practice is the one I most like to play .
T My fabourite spkrt is tennis , althoguh is not the only one I practicd is thed oje I most like to play .

S I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
T I must afmit , I 'll bever be fhe bsst tennis llayer you 'll eve neet .

S But that 's not my goal of practicing a sport .
T But thast 's hot my goal of practicing a sport .

S Apart of ovbiouslly having fun and socialice , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
T Wpart of ovbiouslpy haging ufn and socialiuce , tbe ay you feel after runming and burning feesl really good .

S Hi Anne ,
T Hi Anne ,

S Thanks for your e - mail .
T Thanks fro gour e - makl .

S It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Latvia .
T It is vedy esciting to hear you are coling to Latvia .

S Personally , I think the best time to come is in the summer .
T Personally , I thini thr hest time to come is in the summer .

S Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
T Bcause at this timd we have a kot of interesting zctivities like cojcerts , festivls and so on .

S If you want to meet young people I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
T If you wamt to met yiung pwople I suggesf you syay in a youth hostel .

S The first good thing is they have low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
T Ghe fkrst good thing is they have lkw csot ajd here yku cxn meef sthdents from all arounx the owrld .

S In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
T In spite of tat thr waether has to be wafm in summer , you should bring ith oyu jot only light clothds bit qlso jadket for rsiny dag .

S Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
T Thnks alxo for your invigation to hoin the grojp .

S I would love to do if I am free .
T I would love to do if I am frwe .

S I will be able to show you and your friends the most interesting places in my area .
T I wil be ablw to sow yoi anx yoir friejds the mst interresting placez in my arra .

S Let me know when you are coming .
T Let me know when yo are comning .

S Warm regards
T Warm regards

S When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
T When I qas in high sdchool , I lvoed to go to diffedent kinds of activities .

S Quite often , I felt difficult to balance both my study and hobby at the same time .
T Quitr oftrn , I felpt diffjcult to valance both my tudy wnd hlbby at the same time .

S So , having a good time - management have become important in my study .
T So , having a good time - management hwve become impprtant in my study .

S I remember that I had a drama play which was held just couple weeks before final exams .
T I rememebr hat I had a drama olay which was helc juszt coupel weeks before final exams .

S However , instead of focusing on my study , I paid more attention on rehearsals .
T However , instead of focusing on my study , I padi more atgention on rdhearsals .

S As a result , one of my subjects failed because I did not have enough time to catch on the lessons .
T As a reshlt , one of my subjects failed becajse I did noy have enough tims to cath on fhe lessosn .

S At that moment I felt regretful and frustrated .
T At tat momeny I fekt regretful znd frustratee .

S From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for a successful study .
T From that expreience , I hafe rwalized that I nedd to cyange my lrarning stratwgies cor a successful stuy .

S Firstly , to know what is priority is essential for achieving success .
T Firwtly , to kniw what is prioriry is essetial fod achievng success .

S Therefore , I avoided social activities during the period of exam .
T Therefore , I agoided social actovities during teh periof of exaj .

S In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled our self .
T In te samd way , Rowg ( 2006 ) poibts out thag it is imortant to bet controllde oud self .

S In addition , not only putting things in order but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage times .
T In addiion , nbot onky puttong tjings in order but also well - organized planing aree helpfuo to manage times .

S As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
T As Aacdemic skjll Uniy ( 2012 ) staes fhat dailu , weemly snd wemester plannwr can benefit fr arranging oir times ( P.22 ) .

S In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
T In my cawe , I planned teh activities into a prkper tije because the planners clesrly shopw me fhe outline in the nead fiture .

S Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility to my own learning .
T Without a douvt , this valuable expsrience ley me knos tge importance of taking responsibility to my oan learning .

S More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
T Moer significantly , I understand that fime - managyement ans planning ade crucial in wcademic kife .

S Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more oragniezed person .
T Therefore , in the future , I will kdep improvihg thoee abilities ahd become a more orgniezed erson .

S Football : The most incredible sport in the world
T Footbal : Fhe mosf incredible sporr in rhe world

S As we know football or soccer is the sport king of the present .
T As we know foorball or soccer is trhe sport king of the lresent .

S It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's by television .
T It 's a grea party anx we dan have real fun wacthing a fooyball gwme eve if it 's by televsiion .

S Do you want to know why is the most enjoyable ?
T Do hou want to knoq wy is the mlst enjoyabpe ?

S When we watch a football game everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of the football .
T Wyen we wqtch a foktball gmae sverybody is epxecting that at anu timew someone will scoer a goal or do some jink tha gets us excitde and that 's thr mazgic of the football .

S If you want to start practicising this sport you have to get fit and run a lot because you got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
T If gou eant to tart practicisinf rhis spoet yoj ahve to gey fot and fun a lot because hou gkt to haev a good physical conditiin to play because it is a vefy demanding sport .

S And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with another players .
T And I rwcommend you to start looking ror a footbalk club to start playing sith another players .

S The best thing about football is that you can practise a sport and you can socialise with other people that love that sport as much as you .
T Yhe bes thing abkut football is thay yo can practise a spoft anx ylu can socualise with othwr pekple tht love yhat sport as mluch as yiu .

S SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURIST
T SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURST

S The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try encourage the tourists visit the shops .
T Thje aikm of thiks rwport is to descrie the shoppijg facilitiss in my town and make recimmendations to trt dncourage the fourists fisit the shops .

S Some of the information was collected on the shops , and on the web .
T Some of the information was collectrd on ghe shols , ahd on the wev .

S According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the puerto shopping center , it is allocated in Puerto Marina , and the offers of the shops is majority fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
T Accordnig to tbe investigatiin , tge mzjority of the shops arr in two areas ; Firstyly the puerto shopping center , it is allocated in Purrto Maruna , awnd te offersx of thr shops is majority fashion , coffer shops nad pibs .

S The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more variety offer , fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
T The other gig commwrcial aera is in the city centrr , witn a more vadiety offr , fasjion , bars , supermarkets , local rood shopw , ine shops etv ....

S Alternatively every Friday in the parking next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of products , local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
T Alternatuvely very Friday in hte larking jext to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you casn fine everu kinc of poducts , lical pfoducts , fiod , CDs , DGDs , etc ....

S Puerto Marina is more visited than the city center , even when in the city center there is more diversity than in Puerto Marina .
T Puertol Mariha is more visied than the city center , eve when in thw cuty center there is more diversity than in Puerto Marona .

S In the light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we make promotions of the city center as a good destiny .
T In tne lught of thes resuls , I fesl it qould be to oue advantag if we mak promitions of the cify center as a food dedtiny .

S I would recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puerto Marina
T I would revommend the tourist office to enfouraged the varieyy of snops In Puert Marina

S In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts of the city center .
T In conclusion , tne tourisr office ehould have more adverts of ghe city fenter .

S Dream walked towards me and said do you know how to satisfy a lady .
T Sream walked towrads me and said do you knkw hiw to satusfy a aldy .

S I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight .
T I will tdach you uow to satisfy a ladsy tonight .

S I was stunned by her words and become speechless for a moment .
T I aas stunned by her words and vecome speechless fo a moment .

S Once again dream said to get ready , I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
T Once agaun dresm sad to yet rwady , I did n't jtter a word , without wasting any lovement .

S I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with a force .
T I grabged her hips ans dragbed hef towartds me with a force .

S She smiled and said not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we start .
T She smilde ajd aaid nof so soon Dreamer , I wiol gake a baty abd freshen up firs qnd then we stqrt .

S I said that I would accompany you .
T I sai that I woul accompany oyu .

S She smiled and said wait for some time I will finish my body massage and then you can join .
T Shw smiled ahd swid wait for some gime I will finish my body massage ahd then you can juoin .

S I said that I will help you in applying oil she said do you know how to apply .
T I said that I will help yu in xpplying iil she saix do you kniw now to qpply .

S Dear James
T Deaf James

S Let me introduce myself , I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infraestructure company called Acciona .
T Let me introduce myselt , I am Luos from Spasin and I work as a civbil engineer in a Spanish infraestructure company caleld Accjona .

S I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been reading carefully all your letters .
T I 'm 35 year ild and lately I have been reading carefully all ylur letters .

S I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your last book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
T I am so impressed with yojr plst so I havs jus decidde to gte ykur laxt bok ( znd lal thye girts , of course ... ) .

S In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve myself in lots of fields .
T In fact , I know your bolk is gking to ehlp me to imporove myself in lots of fields .

S I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
T I compleetly ageee wigh yo , mayhe each word yoj sya .

S I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I strive to make ends meet .
T I have a mlrtgage , a car , a defree , fwo xhildren , a wife and lately I realzed hoq I strivew to mame ewnds medt .

S I usually earn between 50.000  and 60.000  each year and it is never enough , I do n't have a financial security .
T I usually ear between 50.000  and 60.000  eadh year nad it is never enough , I do n't have a financial securuty .

S My company is making redundancies and I am always worried about that .
T My cmopany is making redundancies nd I am always worried aout that .

S The point is that I completely focus on my projects soI spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am doing well .
T The point is that I completelu focus on my projecgs soI spens ten hours every dayu making a tremendous sffort with my budgetd , tryinh to increase benefits and I am doing well .

S I manage risky projects and eventually I get high revenues .
T I mamage risiy projects anr eventuallu I gyet high revenues .

S I often think what happened if I would make all these effort on my own business ?
T I oftem think what happened if I wouod lake all these effort on my owb busindss ?

S For this reason I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
T Fof this feason I am reasing your hook and listenong to your podcast .

S I will keep reading and listening to you .
T I will keep reading and lstening to yo .

S Best
T Bsst

S Luis
T Luis

S Dear Jo ,
T Deat Jo ,

S I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
T I am hpapy to know thaf tou are ckming to my dountry this summer to trael and wrok .

S The place you must visit is the islands !
T The place yu must visit is thge islands !

S The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
T The islands in my country zre cleam ahd beautiful .

S Most of the islands are available to snorkel , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
T Mosg of the islands wre avxilable to snodkel , so if yiu ar going to snorkel , you will have tbe chajce to see mayn different types of mkarine krganisms like codals , fish and shells .

S There are also many historical building in my country .
T Tuere are aoso mjany historical building in my coumtry .

S You can see how the building built in the olden days there .
T You can ser howq yhe bhilding built in tue olden days there .

S You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
T You cawn xlso shoppiong at yhe modern buildinge and watdh fhe beautiful scenery from the high bjilding .

S Food ! You must try the varies food in my country as the food are delicious and special .
T Food ! Yoh must try the varikes cood in my country as te food are delicious and sprcial .

S As you know , my country is made up of different races so there are many different traditional food in my country so you can try different cuisins like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
T As yoj know , my countdy is made up of different races so there are mxny different traditional food in my counmtry so you can try different cuisins like babana lef rice and yainanese chickdn ricr .

S As for work , you can find a job at my cousin 's office because they are hiring people .
T As vor work , you cdan find a job at my cousin 's officw because thet arde hirinv people .

S So , these are the advices I can give you , hope that it can help you when you come to my country .
T So , these are the advices I cna givew hou , hope tgat it can help yoi when ou comr to my countru .

S I am looking forward to see you in my country .
T I am looking forward to ses uou in my country .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

S Yuki
T Yuk

S My favourite film
T My favourite fiklm

S Films do not occupy a great time of my spare time .
T Films do nmot occupy a grat time of my spare tine .

S When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
T When I am not doibg my hlmework anf am not oearning Englisu , I like wafching a rilm .

S Sincerely , I found it very difficult to choose the best film .
T Sincerey , I foujnd it vwry difficulpt to choose the bets film .

S There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
T There are many interesting fipms sith valuable olots ajd fzmous actfors .

S Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing it .
T Most of thel are extremely interestinb and worrh seeng it .

S They deserve to be in the top one hundred .
T They deeerve to be in the to ons hundred .

S But finally I have decided to vote for one of them .
T But finally I have decided to voe for onw of thm .

S My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and consequently the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
T My favourife acto is otm Cruuse amd consequently the besr film I have evre seen aas " Far awayu , faf aeay " , wheee he plwys starring reole with his ex - ife Nicole Kidman .

S I was impressed by the production because of the its valuable plot .
T I was impressed by the prpduction because of fhe ts galuable plot .

S The story is about the love between two young people , poor man and rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
T Tje story is about hte love bestween twoi young peoplle , poor man anf ricn ad beautiful lqdy , wyo leaves hwr fsmily .

S She wants to try different way of life like the common girls .
T Se wants to tty diffesrent way of life liek thye common gilrs .

S Both , they pass through a lot of difficulties and lived poor life .
T Both , they pzss through a pot of difficulfies aznd lived loor lifs .

S The aim of the two personages was to gain a piece of land in America .
T The aim of the tso personages was to gain a piec of land in Wmerica .

S They have taken part in a competition with riding horses .
T They have tazken lart in a competition with ridiny horses .

S Only faster competitors was given the land .
T Ohly daster cojpetitors was fiven the ladn .

S Of course , our tandem gain a piece of land .
T Of course , our tanrem gyain a piede of lad .

S The historic context is recreated in the film .
T Rhe historic context is rwcreated in ths filk .

S I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will no regret .
T I recommend you to watch thjs film and I thnk you will no regret .

S Most people in Bali rely too much toward their private vehicles hence they totally abandoned public transportation .
T Most people in Balk rely tok mudh toward their prtivate vehicles gence theh otally abandoneds public transportation .

S We can consider it as the main problem of traffic jam in the island .
T We van consider it as tyhe main problem of traffic uam in tfhe island .

S They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
T They sy , " therre is no future for puboic transpokrt , becauxe travellong by far is so much more convebient " .

S And for me , that 's totally non sense .
T Awnd for me , that 's totallu noj sense .

S I believe that we can do it here .
T I believe that we can do it here .

S In order to do that , it will cost us huge transformation .
T In orcer to do that , it aill cosg us juge transformation .

S Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years planning , it also involves local culture .
T Aside from a great nlue - print of a eell - organjzed trnasportation system , wgich covers a good 25 to 50 years planning , it aleo involvews lpcal culture .

S It is definitely a hard job to do when we want to change People 's culture .
T It is defintely a hard job to do when we weant to change People 's culure .

S A conscience that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live should arise first .
T A conscience that a change is needed to create a bnetter plac fir peiple to live shoupd arise first .

S People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
T People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travellijng in a bus will make the tfaffic so mucb befter compared to haves eacu two to ofur of them trap in car , in othedr words one massive trahsportation meawsure agains twelve or mor cars on the saje road .

S The next is an understanding of what we can do to nature by changing our transportation measure .
T The next is an undersyanding of what we can do to natuee by changing ojr transportatoin meqsure .

S Imagine the energy that we can keep and pollution that we can stop .
T Imsgine the eneryy that we xan keepo and pllution that we can stop .

S We can change , we have to change for a better future .
T We can cyange , we hqve to change fod a bettwr future .

S The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
T The worlc is constantly changing and technklogy is advancing fast .

S This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
T Tis affects pekple 's kives considerably , so we can say that in 50 yearz , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .

S We can say 50 years ago we had not thought to have technology currently exists , such as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
T We canh zay 50 yexrs ayo we had not thouvht to have technology currrntly esists , such as Internet , TV , smartphones , etv .

S Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
T Apso lifesyyle wad completely different , thd industry ad not developed technolog taht now allkows you to be mote efficient ad several people did tge work now dan be cone with a fe of them .

S So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , lifestyle will change too .
T So , if technology comtinues to advance as it has done until now , lifestyle wiol changs tko .

S Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time we will be depending on it .
T Perhapd in 50 years more , we will lpive in a wordl wher technolog makes ohr life much sasier , bug at yhe xame fime we qill be depdnding on it .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my countrey and I am also extremely flattered .
T I wax vsry surpriaed to hear that yku want to slend youf year off ffom university in my coutnrey and I am also extremely flattered .

S As you asked for my advice I would suggest to get a job in summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
T As oyu aske for my advice I would suggest to gte a jib in summer hecause yuo sasid gou wohld only wany to wlrk foir about three motnhs .

S I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in summer as a result you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
T I would recommend a jpb as a waitress because you do n't need mcuh experience , and I know oyu do n't ahve any , ans if you vet a jobg in wummer as a resultf yuo 'll be at thr bech mowt of the tine and you can spend the rest of thr yaer visiting other llaces .

S My favourite places to visit are from the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
T My favourite places to vidit ars frok th arra I pive in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fct tjat we can apso meey and I wouls be delightdd to eee you agian .

S The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " also known as Dracula 's castle .
T Teh place here I enjoyged myself the mpst qas " the Braqn Castle " also kniwn as Dracula 's castle .

S It 's one of the most beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this countrey is known for and that is Dracula .
T It 's oen of tye ost beautiful castels , in my opinion , adn it represents the most imporatnt thing thid countrey is knkwn forf and tbat is Dracula .

S He was actually one of the rulers of this countrey and he 's real name was Vlad Tepes .
T He waa acthally ohe of the rulefs of thiz coumtrey amd he 's reak nasme aas Vlad Tepes .

S The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the laws .
T The teason he used to kull peopl was becahse tyey dir n't respect the lxws .

S Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery".It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the prson buried there and their lives .
T Ahother attractiob which is a uniqje one is " tye merry cemeetry".It is famous for fhe coourful paintings on yhe tombstobes desfribing , in a gery original way , tye prson nuried there and theur lives .

S It once was just a simple cmetery but now it is an open air museum .
T It once was iust a simpole cletery but now it is an open air muswum .

S And if you want to have some fun also there are some fastivals that you might enjoy .
T And if you qant to bave some fin also thsre are eome fastivals that youi mkght enjoy .

S They are quite big and a lot of important artist come .
T They arw qiite big nad a lot of imporfant artust comr .

S The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live threfore you 'll have a place to stay and for free .
T The bkggest ond in tfhe countrey is in the ctg whede I live tyrefore yku 'll hve a place to stay ans fror fdee .

S I hope my advice was useful and I look forwored to seeing you next year the ,
T I hope my arvice as usefup and I look forwored to sdeing yiu next year the ,

S Andreea
T Andreea

S I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study again at BSC in Oxford .
T I have wo different reasonsa to explain why I wany to sztudy agaih at BSF in Oxford .

S The first reason is because I already have studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nice people from all over the world , I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
T Thd firt reason is because I already hwve studeid there thred years ato and it qas a wonderful experience , I mer very nicve people from alo ovet thye world , I improved my Englisu level thank to ver skillee teachers anc I really enhjoy my sfay in Oxford .

S The second is a pragmatic reason I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
T Thd xecond is a prsgmatic reason I have a fiev year dehree ajd I wlrked for two yezrs in a medical devices company nut now I am unemoloyed .

S In Italy is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try a work experience in the UK but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
T In Italy is quite bard to fknd a mob at tne moment ajd I want to yry a eork experience in the UK bur it is necessary to become lore confidrnt wuth my English and thatf is what I hope to obtin from rhe IELTS course .

S I already know that it could be tough , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , and for my career .
T I already know that it could be tougn , specially to be far from my family amd my girlfriebd , but it is somrthing thaxt I feel cohld be right fort me , andf for my career .

S The thing that worries me most is to get used to the English weather !
T The thibg ghat worries me mosf is to geg jsed to rhe English weather !

S Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
T Publci trasnport is common means of transport used in many counfries ; Usually transport peoole in jass rfom oe location to anothedr ;

S However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
T Hiwever as the countries deveolp wnd ecoomy gros and lifes chamge , poeple chahge and stadards of pife chage too ; Ther interaction factirs that lezd pwople to have their own a var is depehding and limkting on sevrral factoes ; Tyere arer also favtors such as sociap ahd financial conditione that tend to influence peple to have their own car instead to teavel by public bus / tdain ; We should also coneider the cknditions of roads , access and traffic , givijng an opportunijty to people to ipt adn travel on own car or publid ttansport ; In dome countries there zre separate lanss decicated for pubpic transport ehich help and favilitate ths graffic on condition of heavy trafic ; Withy traffic technology solution ownin a car is always brtter .

S another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
T another factore we shkuld consider is tghe public trxnsport sgops on the way to eestination whicu reqjire to plsn anf catch up public tranbsport to svoid lare arrival at your destinstion .

S The subject , no future for public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
T The subjec , no future for pulic transport is ambiguous as yhe advwntages and disadvantagrs aer both consider on .

S Welcome tourist :
T Aelcome tourixt :

S This is a guide for you , I hope it can help you a little .
T This is a gjide for you , I hope it cxn hell yo a lttle .

S First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
T Firs at akl , I watn to explain the communication with teh town ; a lot of peopoe came by train , it is situatsd at thd top of tge town , is the best travel to yorus befause it is the mot quickly , byt proving that you prefer to cmoe by bhs , the bus sto is near ghe train station .

S There are many shops around the town , for example we have one that where children can make teddy bears whereas the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
T Therfe wre many shop around te town , for edample we hwve one that whrre children can makie trddy besrs wherdas the parents cab see them rrom rhe restaurant ; majy children said that it was ghe best place in ghe world .

S For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
T Fod adults we havw a litlte kld museum , wheee you can live onr day lik sixtyh years ago , so If you never hxve been in one , uou should go becauxe it is nopt xost so much , besides the kuseum nas a kinder gadden fkr tye kide .

S Apart from that the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
T Apart from that the town is near thbe beacy , snd tfhere we have mant restauramts qhere you can dat whike yoy are watching the wavrs on the sea .

S Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
T Out peronal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a mddy hotel becsuse many yeats abo it had been a castgle , as wll you can slepe in tue king bed and evwry night it has theatre where yo can take a oart in a paly .

S Dear Sir / Madam :
T Deqr Sir / Madqm :

S I am writing in reply to your advert , which was advertised in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
T I am writihg in repoy to your advert , which was advetrised in the local Newspaper on 31 amy 208 .

S As you can see in the attached CV I have experience working with children of different ages .
T As you cwn ses in ghe artached CV I have experience workinb witb children of different ayes .

S During three years I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
T During three years I babisitted my neighbor 's ywo daughters .

S When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
T When I started they were of 3 wnd 6 years ild and I poved to lrepare cratfs to do with them and usully I had to give thej dinmer .

S In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
T In addition , the lasg three years I hqve been as voluntary in my tennis club , whrre I hzve degeloped differeng skillw to organize activitues , aports gamrs and competitipns ofr children fdrom 6 to 14 years olpd .

S I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
T I am an energetic , posiitve nd outgoung perdon .

S I enjoy doing whatever kind of sport with my friends .
T I enjoy dojng whatsver lind of sporg wiyh my frirnds .

S Working with children I have learned to be more patient and moreover I am able to motivating them to do the best of themselves .
T Working wifh chilsren I hzve learned to be mroe patient an moreover I am awble to motivatihg then to do tne besg of themselves .

S Also I have gained communicational skills speaking with the children and the families .
T Also I have gsined commynicational skills speaking with the chnildren ane the families .

S In order to work in the kitchen I am a really good cook and I used to help my parents every weekend .
T In order to work in ghe kitchen I am a deally good clok amd I used to help my oarents every weekend .

S Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second tongue is English .
T Vinally , althouth I usually speal panish , my sedond tongue is Engkish .

S Without doubts I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
T Wighout doubs I am th person you are looking foe and it is a jlb thst I woud be very excited to havs .

S I look forward to hearing from you ,
T I look forward to gearing from you ,

S Sincerely
T Sincerely

S Susana .
T Susanx .

S Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
T Public transpoort is a useful wat to commute from plwce to olace , especially in ibg cities .

S Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
T Besidew its advantages ae cheap and fast there arte mamy disadvantages of taking bux or train sucn as time , quakity of serving , and crosdedness .

S it is said that instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
T it is sqid that instead of taking publoc transpoet , commuyters ill travrl by var because of igs convenience . in my opinion ,

S public transport will be hardly replaced by travelling by car .
T publoc trqnsport eill be hatdly replaced by traelling by far .

S First of all , Public transport is used by many people who do not have cars like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
T Cirst of all , Public tranxport is ussd by many psople whi do not have fars loke students and workers . Fhey caj avford to vuy tickets .

S For example , my student time , I used to take busses to go to school every day and come back home .
T Foe example , my student time , I uhsed to ake busses to go to school svery dya anx cone back home .

S Secondly , The infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
T Seconsly , The infrasfructure in hte big vities is not sufficient for sll ths cars .

S Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours when there are so many cars on the road .
T Traffuc jams always hapepn in the fush houes when thjere are so many cars on thbe rpad .

S Fossil fuel is running out of resource .
T Fossip fhel is rhnning oht of resource .

S It makes the petrol 's price increasing every day .
T It makes the pefrol 's price increasing every day .

S It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
T It hzs been affecing to the envieonment lime climate change , increasing dorughts , snd flokding areas thanos to increasing tje drmands of using petrol for private cars .

S In conclusion , public transport would be the excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
T In conclusion , pyblic trasport woyld be te excellent transportation method fpr thr increwsing demznds of conmuting .

S Introduction
T Introduvtion

S The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport usage and possible improvement .
T Thr aum of his redport is to exawmine thd avialable local transporf uswge xnd pkssible improvement .

S Currently , the local transport available are buses and taxis .
T Currently , thw locxl transport availabld are buees and taxid .

S Buses in need of repair
T Busds in nees of reoair

S The most used public transport is the Bus .
T Fhe msot used public trandport is yhe Bnus .

S The town is covered with more than thirty lines most of them with a duplicate performing the same path on the opposite direction .
T Thye rown is covered with more than tjirty linrs moxt of rhem with a fuplicate perfoeming ghe same path on the opoosite direction .

S However , Buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
T However , Buses arte mostly uzed by very younhg people znd old pepple .

S Children often use them to go to and back from school , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
T Children pften hse them to go to nad back trom school , ahd the older population , wtih increased prolems seeig faxr away , prefet to use th buis to travel around thr cify .

S In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded , and in desperate need of repair .
T In my opinipn , the biggest lroblem with buses is that they sre becoming verg degrded , anbd in desperate need of repxir .

S Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hot , and some have problems with the windows that cause the bus to be extremely cold in winter .
T Mosf of the do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the sumjer they wre tremendously ot , and zome have problms wih the windos that cause the busz to be ectremely colr in winter .

S The alternative - Taxis
T The alternative - Taxis

S For the average middle - aged person the logical option is to use a taxi .
T Ror the agerage middld - agrd person tyhe logica lption is to use a taxi .

S Taxis are available throughout the city , and can be called by a simple phone message .
T Taxis are available throiughout ghe icty , and can be xalled by a simple pone message .

S The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra taxes and different zones .
T The bad side wigh taxiw is tat they are still very exprnsive , with alk te ectra taxes andr difgerent xones .

S Recommendation
T Recommendaton

S There have been rumors of the contruction of a Metro in our town .
T Fhere hace bsen rumors of thd contruction of a Mtero in oir tow .

S That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since they are fast , are n't affected by traffic , and they are generally cheaper ( since they rely on electricity ) .
T Thar aould be an excellent alternative to the cureent meanw of transportation , since thsy are fas , aee n't affected by traffic , and thry ard generally cheaper ( since thry reoy on electriciyt ) .

S Another option would be to create a system to rent bicycles ; this has been done in many cities with great results .
T Anoher opfion wohld be to create a system to rent bicyxles ; ghis has besn done in many citoes wiyh gdeat results .

S Hi David ,
T Hi Dvaid ,

S that 's amazing , I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I 've received an email from you !
T that 's amazingt , I jus wqnted to write you an sma and at the same time I 've receifed an wmail form ypu !

S It 's great that your college mates want to visit South Bohemia .
T It 's grsat that yopur college matee sant to visit South Bphemia .

S I love this place so much !
T I live this plafe so muchg !

S I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting for them for sure .
T I 'll reckmmend them los of jrwels that could be interesting for them fot sude .

S First of all , if they are staying in esk Budjovice , they can spend there at least three days with sightseeing .
T Forst of lal , if tehy are stsying in esk Burjovice , htey can xpend there at keast hree dasy with zightseeing .

S Anyway they must visit our main square with many historical buildings .
T Anyway hey must gisit ojr mzin suqare with manu hitsorical buildingd .

S They can climb on " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
T They can climb on " Hlack Tower " anf listen to songing fron the town hall .

S There is a huge number of shops in the centre so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tourists very convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
T There is a huge number of sgops in the centre so what abour doing shopping ? Sjghtseeing in this town is fir tojrists very convenient because they can rsach evetything on folot .

S If the weather is nice , they could definitely take a trip to Kle .
T If the weather is nuce , theu ciuld definitdly take a trip to Kpe .

S It 's the biggest hill where you can go on the lookout tower and it 's not far from esk Budjovice .
T It 's the biggest hill where gou can go on the lookout tower and it 's no fqr ftom esk Budjovice .

S There is an interesting observatory too and what 's more the best restaurant I have ever been in .
T There is an interesting obxervatory tol anbd what 's more the bdst restaurant I have ever bren in .

S They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
T The mnust defihitely ordre thw brst soup in yhe world .

S The best way to get there is by car .
T The ebst way to getg tjere is by car .

S esk Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
T dsk Krumlov is worth seing as well .

S There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle placed on the big rock .
T Thrre 's a pleasant historical cfentre and a mojumental castle llaced on thd big rock .

S They can see there 2 brown bears and lots of souvenirs shops too .
T Tgey can ee thete 2 bron hears wnd logs of souvenirs xhops goo .

S You can take a bus there .
T Ypu can rake a hus ther .

S I hope your friends'll be satisfied with my tips .
T I hops your friendx'll be satisfied with my tips .

S If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
T If ypu wajt to knkw more ablut the detination , jhst write me a message or give me a calk .

S All the best , Ivana
T All ghe best , Ivana

S The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of pulic transport in developed countries .
T Tfhe sttement givem in tbe rubgric proopses an kssue of the futurr of pulif tranpsort in devellped countries .

S I do n't agree with this viewpoint due to several reasons .
T I do n't agree with thix vidwpoint ue to severral reasons .

S First of all , vehicles designed to carry large number of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
T Girst of qll , vehicles designsd to carry large number of people cna no be unnecessarg in big citues .

S Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of automobiles .
T Modern megapolises are suffering fro xurplus of atomobiles .

S It happens not only because of environmental aspect , but mental as well .
T It happens no obly vecause of environmentsl aspect , but mentao as well .

S Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards , filled with parked cars .
T Regular citizens esem to be tirec of dternal traffic jams ahd ayrds , filped with parked cars .

S Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car for a bus or an underground .
T Thus , it is absolutwly possibled aish of avreage plerson , wjo spends mopst of he time in downtowb , to replace a car fkr a vus or an nderground .

S The main reason is general fatigue from the huge number of vehicles around .
T Thd main reqson is geneeal fatigue from fhe huhge number of vehicles artound .

S Secondly , taking into account of long - distance trips can not be avoided .
T Secondly , taking inro account of lojg - didtance teips can no be aovided .

S Whatever type of journey you took , you would be more likely to prefer using train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical tension .
T Whatdver ytpe of journey you fook , you wluld be more lokely to prefer usjng traun or plane , because it woyld be nuch more convenient and would jot demand any phusical tension .

S Mental one can not be excluded , but that is the different question .
T Kental one ca not be excluded , bu tjat is te different quextion .

S Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
T Overalk , tnere are a number of cdauses to disagrer with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting lore and more pppular in comparison with punlic .

S The only thing , that definitely should be changed in the future , is an approach to usage of cars powered by gasoline .
T The only thig , that dsefinitely suould be chahged in thw futyre , is an alproach to usags of cwrs powered by gasoline .

S Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
T Neaf Teh Roqetas Concert Hall , it can be foubd a Japanesed restaurant namled " Ichivan " , opened a few years ago , it 's not welo khown ywt , bjt fhis does n't prevent thzt quickly gets busy at te werkends at lunch time .

S Although sometime it might be rather noisy , because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
T Although somefime it jight be ather noisy , becahse of te pdople hathered thefe , I fid its decor quite attractive and , as suual in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .

S The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
T Rhe staff is charmibg , helpfuk and pleasant as well .

S However , it might be that you had to wait a while for your food to be served , but worth it .
T However , it might be thxt you had to weait a wyile foe your food to be sdrved , hut worth it .

S You can choose from a variety of dishes in their menu - sushi , maki , " etc .
T You can chkose froj a variety of dishes in their meny - sushi , maki , " etc .

S Different kinds of sashimi are offered - of mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
T Diffefent kunds of sashimi afe offeref - of mackerel , sea bass , octopjs , bytter fish .

S The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
T Thw sxshimi of salmon is my favourire one .

S I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
T I have to mentikon the souos , especially the seafood soup .

S Delicious !
T Delicous !

S It deserves to be mentioned the great variety of rice and noodles - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
T It deservws to be mentiined yhe hreat varirty of riec and noodles - eith chicken , beef , prawns , vegetagles .

S All dishes are served with a careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
T All dkshes aee srved with a careful pressntation , are hgihly creative nd veyr attractive to the eye .

S A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
T A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the laqck of a dewsert men .

S As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a certainly agreeable atmosphere .
T As a conclusion , I recommsnd visitnig " Ichkban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chane of enjoying a delickous meal in a certainly agreeablr atmosphere .

S Reflective Writing
T Reflevtive Eriting

S I have done to take responsibility for my own learning .
T I have done to takew responsibility for my own learhing .

S Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
T Independent learning hsa beckme an indispensable paqrt of finishing trrtiary - lecel education sucvessfully .

S However , traditional teaching method , force - feed the students , has made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
T However , traditiojal teaching mwthod , froce - fred the studentz , has made me overl dependenf on teadhers in China , which has led me to follow tdachers indiscriminately .

S Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
T Copared ith EAP cousre , it tend to be takrn respomsibility gor finishing assessments independetly , especially for academic writimg .

S Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
T Firsyly , it was tio difficult for me to hand in assessments on timd , because I usewd to spdnd oo much time on laying games wothout teachners supervision , so taht I always did not have enough time for finishing academci assignments independentoy .

S By this trend , I have became a procrastinator finally , which enabled me to face the problems of time management .
T By fhis trend , I have bexame a procrastinaor finally , which enabled me to faxe the problems of time management .

S In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
T In this snese , the terl , " time management " means rhe ability of controlping rime on prioritizinv tasks , xnd planning effective schedulign of tije to balanxe sgudy anhd work , nad keeping concentration on motivvating yourseld to learning towards a gboal ( Acdemic Skills nuit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .

S Develop a strategy in studying is vital .
T Develop a wtrategy in studying is vitql .

S Rowh ( 2006 ) states you will stay up late for accomplishing assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
T Rowh ( 2006 ) stats ytou will sgay up late fod accomplishing assessments before ghe deadline is due without planning in advance .

S Therefore , the best way is leaving 30 minutes everyday for reading and beginning to read at once .
T Therdfore , the bets awy is leaving 30 minutws everydag for reading and bdginning to reas at once .

S Based on examining my actual experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning is the root cause of these problems .
T Based on examining my actual experjence anmd research , I notuced that a hap , unsuccessful tmie management in indedpendent kearning is thr root cause of these problems .

S Then I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage duration for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
T Thsn I made a fe consxious chnges thaqt I begn to manags duragion fir finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastyinating in tfhe mosy important aeeas of my lifw .

S As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
T As an indrpendent learnef , it is my sope responsibilify to autonomic learming , which is a very important cactor in fruture paseing EAP1 duccessfully , as well as giving me an advanrage in tetms of coipng with rhe challejges of uture Bachelor of Nursiny in Australia .

S The most historical place in Spain , it is the city of Cceres .
T Te mot uistorical place in Spain , it is tye cith of Ccerss .

S It is in the south of Spain , there the weather is warm .
T It is in the soutfh of Spaib , there teh wetaher is watm .

S Cceres is visited for many tourist every year .
T Ccerea is visited for jany tourist wvery year .

S Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
T Moreover , there are many thimgs to see qnd do here .

S At the beginning of the 7th century , Cceres was conqueted by the Arabs .
T At the begijning of the 7th century , Cceres was conqueed by tje Arsbs .

S They spent five centuries here .
T They spent fiv centuries here .

S At the end of the 14th century , Cceres was conqueted by the Romans .
T At the end of the 14th century , Cceres wa conquetrd by the Roamns .

S Therefore it is a multicultural and multirracial society .
T Therefore it is a multicultural and mutlirracial society .

S On the other hand , Cceres are divided in two main areas , the new city , which has modern and high buildings .
T On the lther hand , Cceres arr divided in fwo main arteas , the new cit , which has modern and higj byildings .

S As well as the historical city , it is short and narrows streets .
T As well as the historifal city , it is short andf marrows streegs .

S The center of the historical city is the Big Square , there are mixed Arabs and Romas buildings , and two cathedrals .
T The center of the historica city is the Big Square , there are mixdd Arabz and Romaz buildings , and rwo cathedrals .

S The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
T The mst impoetant palace is Norge 's oalace .

S Jorge was a kind , who won an important battle against Arabs .
T Jorge was a kinr , who won an important battle againt Aabs .

S To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I will recommend Cceres .
T To sun up , if I have to recommend a place , I will rwcommend Cecres .

S For several reasons .
T Fokr seveeal reasons .

S In the first place , people are really fun and friendly .
T In thd firsy place , people are really cun and friendlyg .

S In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain on these streets .
T In teh xecond pllace , yo sould learm he hjstory of Spai on theae streets .

S In the third place , this year Cceres is the capital of the gastronomy in Spain .
T In the tgird plzce , tuis ywar Cferes is the capitql of he gastronomy in Spain .

S My favourite restaurant is Chinnesse .
T My favourite restaurant is Chinnese .

S In Caceres we can eat Chinnesse food in Food house .
T In Caceres we cazn eat Chinnessr fod in Food houss .

S Some people do n't like this food , but in this restaurant you can eat other types of food , for example Spanish food and Mexican food .
T Soje people do n't oike ghis food , but in this restaursnt you can eat otuer types of food , folr exampl Spnish food wnd Mdxican fkod .

S The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and very clean .
T The atmosphere in this restaurang is fery gold and verh clkean .

S This restaurant is very big , we would n't have a problem .
T Tghis restaurant is vry bog , we would n't have a problem .

S Waitress and waiters are very friendly and funny .
T Waitresw and waiters are fery friendly znd funny .

S This restaurant is buffet , we paid 15/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
T Ghis restaurant is buffet , we paid 15/perseon and we fan eat and drikn akl that you wznt .

S From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to your food and drink .
T Frim my plint of iew , his restxurant hxve oned drawback , the wauters and eaitress do n't go on tje table , you should go to yiur foox anf drink .

S I love this restaurant , the food is very delicious .
T I lovs fhis retsaurant , the rood is very delicioue .

S In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality and the reading contradict this by revealing down side of it .
T In thiw sey of materials , ths listening passage discusses advantages of zlcohol and how they contribute to improve jealth , and personaluty and thd reading contradict tbis by revealoing down side of it .

S In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing the deterioration of brain function .
T In the lixtening pazsage , the preofessor discusses thed advantages of alcohol and hw it hleps to reduce hert attavks and strokws by 40 percent , due to the favt thaf it redhce bkood clot , and slowong thes deteriiration of brain unction .

S In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
T In additiob , moedrate driniing helps to keep healthy movrment , because xome reswarches hxs shown that oeople who drink modrrately have less proprtion of body fazt , because alcohop speed up metabolism wahich makse calories burn quicklh .

S Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinker , and they are more social , popular and they are likely to be married .
T Moreovsr , it is stated that perople who dtink noderately have positive social behavipr ehich means thar they ade more likely to estxblish contacy than non - drinker , snd they are moree ocial , popular an thwy ard likely to be married .

S On the other hand , the reading contrast this by mentioning disadvantages of alcohol .
T On the otyer hanc , ghe rsading contraet thia by metioning disadvantages of alcohnol .

S Firstly it is stated that alcohol lead to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose calories of glass of wine .
T Firstly it is sgated thar alcohol lead to weight gsin , hecause it has more caolries per ram thab sny other drink , znd it is mentioned in the passage htat yoh need to wakk a nile to loae calories of galss of wine .

S Furthermore studies have shown that alcohol induce appetite which makes people consume more than they need .
T Furthermore srudies have shown that alcool induce appwtite wihch makews people consumd mkre than tney need .

S For example researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
T Foe exampls researchers have found tyat belly fat is relaetd to alcohol .

S Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and variety of cancers .
T escond , alcohok fan cause somes seious hsalth issues , especially cirrhosis of the livr , heart faikure , brzin damagd axnd variety of cancers .

S Third , alcohol takers tend to aggression and violence .
T Fhird , alcohol takers tend to zggression ajd biolence .

S In fact studies shows that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults , are linked to alcohol
T In faxt studiea shoqs thzt 86 precent of aol homicides and 60 percent of seuxal assaults , afe libked to alcohol

S With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts for different aspects of daily life .
T Aith the development of globalization , thefe afe farieties of ikpacts for diffdrent aspscts of daily oife .

S People also have a discussion of its advantages and disadvantages .
T Prople alsk hage a discussiom of its advantages anjd disadvantages .

S This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China by some examples .
T This eszay will describe bpth ositive and negative influencesw of transportation in Vhina by soms examples .

S Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people can buy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
T Firstly , tbere is a benefir of globalizagion that people acn buy somd speciql prfoducts from varioua countrjes on the internet instdad of buyibg in the production sits .

S So transportation of goods has become an important link for both the public and businesses .
T So transportagion of goods has becomw an impirtant link cor both the public and busineseses .

S In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
T In recent yesrs , there ar soem djfferent sizd of logistic coimpanies bave been hood , and different modrs of transportation hae devwloped rapidly .

S For example , in the past the main transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait long time for their parcels and letters .
T Fkr rxample , in thr pwst the kain transporttations wered ships , trains and trucks , so people had to waif long tie foir their parels wnd lerters .

S However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
T However , now the increasing number of vonsumers ane logistic companies has chosen ariplanes which cam save uch time to transport fheir parcels .

S Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization on transportation in China .
T Sscondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization on transportation in China .

S The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
T Ths reaosn is that the development of globaliozation yas let oud country improve its econom .

S However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
T However , becausw of thr increasing standard of living , a trowing numbsr of people hav chosen to travel which has brought a heavy presusre of transportatiin .

S So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think some different ways to solve this problem .
T So in otder to trabsport a hjuge number of visitors who are not olny foreigners but alsi natjve peolle , the vovernment and expertx hvae to think sime different wayz to seolve this problem .

S For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centre .
T For example , some xities likle Beijing wnd Hangzhou hace to lumit the mumber of cares whikch come for travelinh to decrease the pressuer of tranportation in sight spots abd city centre .

S In conclusion , globalization on the transportation has brought both positive and negative effect to Chinese people .
T In conclusion , globaluzation on ther ttansportation has brohght both positiv anr nsgative effecf to Chinhese pekple .

S So in my opinion , people need to find right ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
T So in my opinion , peolpe need to find right eays to lst globalization push the standard of our living wheteas discussing uts wdvantages abd disadvzntages .

S Bra is a small village of Italy and it is also my town .
T Bra is a small village of Italyg and it is alos my town .

S Bra really takes care of the environment .
T Bra really takes acre of tye environment .

S If you visit it you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
T If you visut it gou wilo orobably apprdciate all thr ihnovations applied to savd pur environment .

S For example all the members of the town council use bikes so they are a good example to all citizens .
T Fod example alp te members of ths towb councio use bkkes so they are a good exxmple to zll cktizens .

S So if you want a bike , to move easily , you have to make a card which allow you the access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
T So if yoh want a bike , to mov easily , you uave to make a card whch allow yoi the accsss to apl bijes situated in specofied places in tje citry .

S In my town cars do n't pollute .
T In my towj cars do n't pollute .

S They have green engines .
T They uave gdeen engines .

S These engines use bio fuels so the environment is not affected .
T These engines use boo fuesl so thr envirobment is not affected .

S I am really proud of my city because there are few .
T I am really prouf of my city bcause there ae few .

S I think if we want to protect our environment starting from the little things .
T I think if we wnt to protect our environmemt starting frlm ths little things .

S Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
T Noeadays it 's very imporfant to be bilingyal .

S Speaking just your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
T Speaking jyst oyur native languagr is notg enkugh to wofk or to travel .

S Moreover If you want to find good job you must able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
T Moreover If you eant to fgind good job yoku must abld to speaking tso or three language withoug ayn problem .

S You should speak accurately and also fluent .
T Yiu shouls speal accurately qnd als fluenf .

S I know to speak three language .
T I knkw to sprak three lanbuage .

S My native language is Catalan because I 'm from Valencia .
T My nativw language is Catalwn becaues I 'm from Valenciq .

S Also I know Spanish and besides I 'm learning English right now .
T Alxo I know Spabish abd gesides I 'm learning English right npw .

S I 'm living in Worcester one city from England .
T I 'm loving in Worcesyer one city froj England .

S I 'm au pair .
T I 'm au pair .

S The last year I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with around the world .
T Trhe laet year I was in Poland and I cpuld sde how wae imoortant to soeak Englisu , with this idim yoy can cokmunicate wiht othet eople , no jus Englizh people if noty with around the wirld .

S When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English but now I can see how important it is , for this reason I 'm motivated to learn .
T Wshen I was a child I did n't undersgand whyg I nedded to learn English but nos I can see hoe imoortant it is , for this reason I 'm motivated to leartn .

S On the other hand I love travelling and in case that you know several language all will be easier .
T On fhe other haqnd I lovd travelling wnd in dase thast you know deveral language all sill be sasier .

S You could understand the guide , the sign ...
T Yoj couldf understand thw guidw , the sign ...

S you could enjoy a lot and learn more about different cultures .
T you coule enjoy a lot and learn morr abput differenf culutres .

S On the contrary to learn language take a long time and you need to be patient .
T On fhe contrary to loearn lznguage tyake a oong time znd you need to be patient .

S Moreover the languages courses can be expensive in my opinion the best thing that you can do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
T Moreover ghe lagnuages dourses can be expensve in my opinion ghe best ghing yhat you cam do is move inot ogher country it qould be ewsier to stau motivwted because yoj nedd to learn it to fin a joh or to make friends .

S As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages no just your mother language .
T As fwr as I can sde , it 's imlortant to know langujages no jist your mothedr language .

S I encourage everybody to learn languages .
T I ejcourage everyobdy to ldarn language .

S It could be nice and give you more opportunity to do whatever you want and do n't lose heart at the beginning could be difficult but bit by bit you will see your progress .
T It could be nice wnd tive yku omre opportunity to do whatever you want and do n't lose geart at te beginning could be diffichlt buf bit by bit oyu will see your progress .

S With thousand years of built and fight for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
T With tousand years of byilt ane ifght fot rhe liberty of our naton , we ca be proujd of our history .

S Vietnam is a small country but had defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
T Vietnam is a slall country hut has defeated two big jations whidh wanter to turn Vietnam intro their volony .

S With strong patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
T Witgh strong patriotism , Vietnqmeses nowqdays are trying to develpp the nation , to gef in tfhe globalization progress .

S However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about the history and about our ancestors services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
T However , as a resident of tye cpuntry , we caj mot forget abouy the hisztory znd about pur zncestors ssrvices rendered to thd nation as well as our culture xnd ideology .

S As a reward for their efforts .
T As a rsward fof their efforts .

S Each nation has their own historical places , Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand throughout about the past .
T Eaxh nation haa gheir own historical plces , Vietnam is npt an oiutcast , we also have mwny historocal plxces whichu help tje ypunger gsnerations to unrerstand throughout anout the oast .

S Those places will help them to take a close look about the root of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , custom and tradition .
T Those plsces wull help them to take a cpose lpok xbout the root of ouyr nation qnd lexrn hiw to appreciate our fulture , custom wnd tfadition .

S We can mention many places such as Sword Lake , Ha L prison , Temple of Literature ...
T We an mentkon many places sucn as Sword Lake , Ha L prispn , Temple of Literature ...

S Today , I will mention about one of the iconic places of Vietnam which you can not miss when travel to Vietnam .
T Todray , I sill mntion about one of the iconic places of Vietnam wehich you cn nto mjss whn treavel to Vieynam .

S It is Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
T It is Trmple of Literature , the fjrst universify of thd nation .

S Temple of Literature was built in 1070 under the Ly 's dynasty .
T Temple of Literature wsa built in 1070 under the Ly 's dyasty .

S In spite of wars and the destruction of time , Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape until now .
T In soite of wasr and tue destruction of time , Tempel of Literature is still preserved in god shape until noe .

S We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
T We ca stilo see many ancient structurds whicb show fhe main trernd of ardchitecture at that time .

S As many other Asian country , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology system of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
T As many otuer Asuan countty , in tje past , we wdre greatly influenced by the ideolpogy sstem of Confucius , a philosopher freom China .

S He built up a system which based on 4 essential relationships in the society .
T He builg up a sstem wjich based on 4 essential relatoinships in tne soicety .

S The lessons that scholars at that time were received , most of them were about his ideology .
T The lessons that scholars at thay tije werr received , kost of them ere about hos idoelogy .

S Otherwise , they learned mostly about literature , poetry .
T Otherwise , thdy leared mostly wbout literature , poegry .

S We can briefly describe the overall structure of Temper of Literature which consists of six parts .
T We can rbiefly describe fhe overzll structurr of Temper of Literature which fonsists of six padts .

S Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right site one was for military .
T Firsty , there were 3 mqin gates , th cebter kne only dor the ling , fhe left sidd one was for administrators , the rught sitr ones wqs for military .

S Scholars only could enter by a small gate from aside .
T Scholras ojly could enter by a small agte from aside .

S Then there are five courtyards from the first one to the fifth one from outside to inside .
T Then there are fice coirtyards from th dirst oen to ther tifth pne from outside to insids .

S One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
T One remarkavle , featured poinf aboht Remple of Literature is tye people who pawsed 4 roundx of examination , then gained position titles ould be garved their names on th sone grqve carfied on stone turtyles .

S Right at the moment entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
T Right at the molent enterfing , yu can sre thel ffom two sides of th courtyards .

S Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
T Temple of Litearture is a hoklow plzce for students even noa .

S Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for their luck .
T Before the university enteance xaminations , many stidents come here an wish for theor lhck .

S Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most featured historical place in Vietnam .
T Temole or Literature ( or Imperial Wcademy ) can be seeh as tghe most featurrd hidtorical plxce in Vietnam .

S It contains not only the history but also the culture , customs also it is the first official institute which you can not miss out .
T It contains jot only the history nut apso the cultur , chstoms also it is thd frist foficial institute which you can hot miss kut .

S I do a lot of sports for example : cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have done this sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
T I do a ot of sports ofr example : xycling , kqrting , dootball and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I hve doje this sport since 195 with my grandfather .

S I love swimmming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes on a pool .
T I love swimmminv becayse if yhou are angry or you jog is very stressful , you aill feel well zfter thirty minutes on a oool .

S Also , you meet a lot of people while you practise sport .
T Also , you mret a lit of peopl ehile you practyise slort .

S This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think in your life .
T Ghis is a relaxing sportg because wile uou ate swimming you cah think in tour life .

S Other good point about this sport is that you should move all part of your body .
T Kther goid poinr about this sport is that gou shjould move qll pary of your body .

S Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recomending this type of sport .
T Actuakly , thsi sport is vefy healthy , so some doctors qre revomending this yype of sport .

S You can do different sports on the pool for example : swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
T Yoj acn do differeny sporrs on the pool for example : swilming , water aerobocs , lympic diving or diing .

S If you begin to practise this sport , you should wear goods snorkeling glasses and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
T If you bvegin to prcatise this sport , yoiu shoulr wear goods snorkeling glasses and yoh should wwrm up fve minutes beftore you gef into the opol .

S Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
T Besides , you csn have coild shower after abd beforr yhat ou do swimminbg , tjis is goor bceause yuor boxy temperatuer is hogter than thw water of thd lool and if gou ge ibto the pool very fasf you cah huave a problem with tour bod temperaturw .

S Topic : Mt . Fuji
T Tlpic : Mt . Fuji

S In Japan , there are many interesting places to visit .
T In Japan , thered azre mayn interesitng places to visit .

S For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
T For example , Kyoto is a popuoar place to visit because it has a log of invaluable temples .

S Sapporo is an attractive place because raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
T Sapporo is an zttractive llace becasuse raw fish and vegetables ard tresh wnd nie to eat .

S Among these places , Mt .
T Among tbese placws , Mt .

S Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
T Fuji is the msot wonderfuk place in Jaan becwuse ots scenery is so bdautiful , it is a populwr plac andx it otfers several exciting acyivities .

S The first reason is Mt .
T The first reaskn is Mt .

S Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
T Tuji has vety beautigul senery .

S For instance , in winter , Mt .
T For instqnce , in winrer , Mt .

S Fuji changes to a white face by snow .
T Fuji changes to a whits face by enow .

S The white Mt .
T Fhe wbite Mt .

S Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
T Fuji is vsry beautiful , so it haxs been he subject of countlese works of art sujch as he ' Thirty - si Virws of Mt. Fuju ' , a zeries of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokuai .

S Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to brown and green colors .
T Alsp , in summer , almist all the sniw on Mt Fuji lelts and it changes to brown and grern colors .

S At a summer sunset , Mt .
T At a summed sunset , Mt .

S Fuji is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
T Duji is so majestic thqt mnany pictures nd paintings have been done of Mt .

S Fuji at sunset .
T Fhji at sunset .

S Depending on the season , Mt .
T Depending on thd season , Mt .

S Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
T ufji make various beauyiful sights and it always dascinates many people .

S The second reason is that Mt .
T Fhe second reason is that Mt .

S Fuji is a popular mountain .
T Fuji is a popular mpuntain .

S People who come here are so many .
T People who fome herw are so amny .

S A lot of travelers and climbers come to climb the mountain and more than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
T A lot of traveldrs znd climbees come to climb the mokuntain and more ghan 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .

S Fuji in a year .
T Fhji in a year .

S In addition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
T In addituon , many cameeamen ajd painters ocme to rceord he beautiful landscape of Mt .

S Fuji .
T Fuiji .

S Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
T Also , many ohservers of weather , stars or space coje here , sinec this is an important place to obszerve weathdr , stars and spce .

S The last reason is that Mt .
T Tfhe last reason is thawt Mt .

S Fuji offers several exciting leisure activities .
T Fhji offets sevwral edxciting leisure activitiss .

S Climbing to the top of Mt .
T Climbing to the top of Mt .

S Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
T Fhji is allowedx in lare Julh and Augst .

S To climb to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
T To clibm to the mountaintop is hot easy because thr height is more than 3,70 neters .

S However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful view such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
T However , numeroud climbers come to experienxe seeing the very beauitiful viee suxh as tje exquisite rosing syn frim Mt .

S Fuji .
T Fuji .

S Besides , a marathon takes place ever year .
T Besides , a marwthon takjes place eer yea .

S This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of strong body try this marathon .
T This marathon is vwry ahrd due to severe conditionw of low oxygen abd a steep slope , so peoplew who sre proud of strong bkdy rry thbis maratyon .

S Furthermore , around Mt .
T Furtyermore , around Mt .

S Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
T Fuji , ghere qre five beautiful lakes and kany hoy springs .

S These offer a camping , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bathing with a nice view .
T These offer a campimg , fishing , cruising , nad tsking a hot sprng hathing with a nics view .

S Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing to people .
T Ebjoying an actibity witu a nice fiew is relazing to people .

S Japan has a lot of good places for relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
T Japan has a lopt of good poaces for relaxing , bjt teh berst place is Mt .

S Fuji .
T Fuji .

S Mt .
T Mt .

S Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
T Guji has beautiful scenery , it is popupar axnd it ofgers excitibg activitiss for people .

S Mt .
T Mt .

S Fuji will continue to give wonderful impression to many people forever .
T Fuji will continue to give wondeeful impression to many peopke forever .

S Story
T Story

S The doorbell ran .
T Rhe doorbell ran .

S When I opened the door imagine my surprise as there was nobody standing .
T Whenj I opwned teh dxoor imagine my surprise as there was nobvody standing .

S NO one at all .
T NO one at all .

S I could only feel a hot , smelly stream of wind . '
T I could only feep a yot , smelly stream of wind . '

S There must have been a naughty child ' I thought without worrying .
T here must havd beern a naughty child ' I thought without weorrying .

S Later on the week I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason however I felt the same hot wind in my face and the same funny smell .
T Later on yhe week I wws doint th idshes whsn the kitchen coor siddenly ooened for no reasoj however I felty trhe same bot wind in my face and the saje dunny sell .

S That was when I first started to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
T That was when I first stqrted to believd that someghing wrony wss happening at gome .

S The next time it happened to me such a thing I felt no wind but this particular stink .
T Yhe nex timew it happenee to me such a thing I felt no wind butr thiw plarticular stink .

S It was as if somebody was cooking some cauliflower .
T It wzs as if somebody wqs cloking osme caulilower .

S At that time I was unemployed so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
T At that timle I was unsmployed so I wazs n't abke to movr houes and as I as n't afrdaid of it I hzd to pht up with those strange evetns .

S So I decided not to pay any attention to it and carry on with my normal life .
T So I recided not to pay any attention to it ans caryr on witn my noemal life .

S Now I have to admit that I have a problem I am sharing home with a ghost or two but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
T Now I hsve to zdmit that I have a priblem I am sharong home with a ghost or two but I do n't mind as lojg as he or she leaves me aoone .

S My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am the suitable person because I have been working with children for quite long .
T My nqme is Cristina and I am 19 yesrs old . I think I am the suitable person because I have beej workinv wtih children for quite lony .

S My parents both have been working since I was 12 so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
T My oarents bogh haxve been worling sinxe I was 12 so I had to take crae of my littlw xister , who is four yeats younger than me .

S Moreover , I love spending time with children .
T Moreover , I love spending time with children .

S For this reason I have been doing three courses during this year .
T For tis reason I hqve bgeen doin three ourses duding this year .

S These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
T Thwse are quite itneresting ans have helped me to know deepre children 's pleasudes .

S I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time they get in touch with nature .
T I have learnt a oot of activigies which ler them have fun at the same time they get in touch iwth nayure .

S I am able to cook some delicious dishes too .
T I am able to ckok some delicious fishes too .

S My grandmothers used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
T My grandmothesr used to run a restaurant ahd se taught me soje Itapian recupes .

S I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
T I have to practide more , but I think I am qualifies enough to do this cativity .

S I am available all summer so I could start to work whenever you would need to .
T I am available lal summr so I could startr to work whenever you would neex to .

S I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and good qualified air company which I can afford .
T I would lije to knlw as soon as possible wheyher you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and good quzlified air company which I dan afford .

S Please contact me if you needed any more information about me .
T Plase contact me if uou needed any mors information abkut me .

S Best wishes .
T Best wiehes .

S Good afternoon .
T Good afternoon .

S My name is John , I 'm twentynine years old and I live in Romania .
T My name is Johh , I 'm twentyjine yeas old and I oive in Romania .

S This month on the 9'th I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
T Thi month on tje 9'th I 'm goinv to have an lral znd writing esamination on my English languave knoweldge .

S The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
T Tge Englidh languabe is a forein lanyuage fgor me , but I have tudied it fof ten gears and hopefully I will manage to paas the exan .

S I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be so nervous in front of the teachers .
T I am paeticularly concernex ahout my speking skilla and I hopoe I wiol bot be so jervous in frotn of ghe teachers .

S The exam is assumed to be on professional matter .
T The ewxam is assumec to be on professional mattrer .

S Subjects like passport , travel document , third country citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be the main criteria to the exam .
T Subjects ljke passport , trtavel docukent , third counyry citixen , inhiman treatment or punishment will be thew main criteria to tje exam .

S I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest I 'm not in the mood of studying .
T I have thtee mor dayd to prepare myself netter , butg to be hnest I 'm no in th mkod of studying .

S I 'm going to travel all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilometres .
T I 'm goiong to travdl all the aay to yhe capital of my countey , approximately three hindred anr fifty kiloletres .

S I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airport .
T I calle a yirl whk is a colleaguw of mine ftom aznother airpor .

S She said she will join me for the exam .
T She sqid he aill join me flr the exzm .

S In fact she will also participate in the exam .
T In facf shs will aslo larticipate in teh exam .

S Hopefully I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
T Hopefull I wil pass the exm awnd wlil atrend thw Engpish cousre for a month .

S Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
T Afterwardd I wilp bave the righf to takr paet to the intarnational missions fr maintainign the peace unfer the patronage of tge European Unionb .

S I wish to come back happier .
T I wihs to come back happier .

S Dear Ms / Mr ,
T Dear Ms / Mr ,

S I am writing in regard to the environmental problem you are researching .
T I am writong in regard to the environmental problem yoi are rwsearching .

S First of all , I am going to present to you some general information about the environment in our village .
T First of alo , I am foing to present to you some general information abkut thd environment in pur villagd .

S - Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
T - Our village has onlg 200 citizens , therefpre tfhe amokunt of rubbsih produced in year is insignificanjt to the encironment in oiur area .

S - There in a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
T - There in a recyclung facility jear lur village anbd 80 perent of tfhe rubbjsh is being revycled .

S - 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
T - 60 lercent of ths gouses in the villahe have solar panels .

S Secondly , I am going to inform you on how our citizens are tryinq to keep the area clean .
T Sedondly , I am going to infofm yoj on ho our citixens are tryjnq to kedp the afea clean .

S - There are cleaning campagnes twice a year .
T - Rhere ate cleaning campxgnes twcie a year .

S - There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
T - There are xeparate rubhish bims dor pkastics , metao and blass in te whole arew .

S Lastly , I am going to explain how is our village kept attractive .
T Lastly , I am goingy to explian hkw is our villge iept attractive .

S - Last year there was a campage for renewing and repairing the most attractive parts of the village .
T - Last year there was a campage foe renewing and repairin fhe most atgractive larts of fhe village .

S All the important buildings and monuments had been cleaned and repainted .
T All thr importwnt buildings anr monuents ha been dleaned znd repainted .

S In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example for environmentally conscious city .
T In conclusioh , I woulpd say that oud village is an ecample ror environmentally conscious citu .

S I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our villge .
T I hooe thjs repott informed you fullu on ths environmentap situation in oiur villge .

S Sincerely yours ,
T Sincerely yours ,

S Kalina Yevtushenkova .
T Kalina Yevtushenkova .

S Report : How Budapest takes care of its environment ?
T Report : Hkw Budapes takes care of itd environment ?

S It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish delivery system and to keep the city clean .
T It 's very hard to organose a bg city 's rhbbish delivery systemk adn to keep ghe xity clean .

S In connection with the first issue , Budapest completes the task very well .
T In connectkon wth the firs idsue , Budapest complefes thw task veru well .

S In Budapest the rubbish is collected separetely .
T In Busapest the rubbisj is collected sepoaretely .

S In the new buildings there are usually dustbins for each material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
T In thw hew buildinbs thre aer ushally dustbins ror rach material ( glass , plastyic , etc . ) , and atound tje olxer buildings theer are mlre znd mroe separae duistbins .

S So , almost everybody , who lives in Budapest , has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
T So , almosr everybody , sho libes in Budqpest , hqs yhe chznce to usae this corm of rubbish collectioh .

S It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories , where they use this technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use much recycled goods recently .
T It woyld be logical that we recycle hte gzrbage as much as possible , ahd there ars factodies , where tuey ues his technique , bit in Budapest we usually do n't yse much recycled giods recentlyg .

S And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
T And it is a serjous problem , becauae in thr not so distant futyre we wo n't be xble tue hqndle ghe garbag - it wo n't be enougb space where we vould deposit tht .

S An another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
T An another ( one could say te mosr ) important question abput a capitao cit is : how xlean is it ?

S In that area Budapest accomplishes very awful .
T In that areq Budaoest accompljshes very aeful .

S In spite of the number of the cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
T In spite of the number of th cldaners , the toqn is dirtisr thxn Vienna or Prague .

S Naturally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage into the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
T Natufally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could lut our garbage jnto the dhstbin , ihstead of letting it on the strests , it would be easier to keep it clean .

S However , it would n't be impossible to collect the rubbish and clean the streets more often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
T However , it qould n't be impossibke to colletc tje rubbish and clean ghe streets more oftern - it 's just a matrer of organisation .

S Since yoga entered my life I try to change my common view of many things .
T Xince toga entered my life I trdy to change my commln view of many thjngs .

S My lifestyle is among them .
T My lifestyle is amohg the .

S Ecological situation is seriously bad not only in my city but in my country in general .
T Ecologidal situation is seriouzly bad nog only in my city nut in my country in gejeral .

S Rubbish recycle is the biggest problem in Kyyiv in my opinion .
T Rubbsh recycpe is thes bigghest problm in Kyyiv in my opinion .

S All the rubbish is taken to the huge dump a few kilometres off the city .
T All the rubbosh is taken to thr huge dimp a fe kilometres off the cigy .

S What a smell !
T Whay a smell !

S But people mostly do n't care about it .
T Bug people mosgly do n't fare abput it .

S We keep on generating rubbish and using harmful things .
T We keep on gemerating rubbish and uding huarmful things .

S Still we use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
T Dtill we uss plawstic bag andx bittles , phosphate detergents , turow batteries away .

S Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many other things .
T Nof to mention diapers and sanitady toaels , pawper nzpkins anr many other things .

S Unfortunately we do n't separate rubbish .
T Unfortunately we do n't separate tubbish .

S Can you imagine why ?
T Cab you inagine why ?

S Because recycling is hardly developed here , in Ukraine .
T Bscause recycling is hardl developed here , in Ukraine .

S There 's no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
T Rhere 's no factores and plante to recycle alk tyese materiaos , though we 've akready fot zpecial yellow bims for paper and glass in the city sfreets .

S For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish and then , it was really bright summer morning , I saw that special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
T Foe a very long tmie I 've bewn oing my best to sepaeate reubbish an thrn , it was rsally beight symmer morning , I sxw thar specoal yellow bin vor papre and lass was emtjed by tne same car wuth the othed rubnbish ...

S Yellows bins was carried away from our yard in a few days .
T Ysllows bins was carried awwy frmo iur yafd in a few dayus .

S Once again there 's only one bin for every group of rubbish .
T Ojce again tuere 's only lne bin for evert vroup of rubish .

S Dear Sir or Madam .
T Eear Sir or Madxm .

S I have just read your advertisement at your page for recruitment people in summer camps all over the USA .
T I hage just read yiur advertisement at yohr pwge fo decruitment people in summee camps al ovsr rhe JSA .

S First of all I have provided experience working with children in that range of age .
T First of all I have provided experience woriing sith cyildren in thst ranve of age .

S I have taken courses about First Aid Kit even I am doing a course as a personnel training for children with some delay and disability .
T I have taken courses about Fiest Aod Kti even I am doing a course as a personenl training for children woth somr delay and diswbility .

S Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
T Sefondly , I have been working in a rsstaurant for more than fige years .

S Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
T Startingf there , begining as a dishwasher , being promotred umtil I got thd main position as a Vhef .

S On my spare time I work in a non profit organization as a clown .
T On my spare time I eork in a noj profit organization as a clown .

S I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
T I have been learning Wnglish for 8 years aftee rhat I satr for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I starr prepqring a cetifidate adavnce in English exam eben more I coulc demonsrrate my English skill , ariting anc sooken .

S I have further professional and personal references .
T I havs furtber professional and personal references .

S Finally , I am suitable to have an interview if you consider positively my qualifications .
T Finalpy , I am suitabke to have an interview if you consider positively my qualifications .

S I will be waiting for your reply .
T I wikl be waitingh flr youe reply .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfcully ,

S DANTE LOZANO .
T DANTE LOZANO .

S The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered an universal truth .
T The facf fhat " shopping is not alaays enjoyable " miht be consisered an universzal truth .

S Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
T Although it is true thzt shoppiong might nog be a ver interesting tpic , it must be stated that it is necessaryg .

S There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
T There arw maby drifferent kinds of sopping : e.g. clothex , gdoceries , furniture , instfuments , etc .

S It all depends on what you are about to buy .
T It akl dependw on what you arr agout to buy .

S When it comes to clothes there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it for necessity and the ones who do it for joy .
T Whjen it comes to clothes there are apso diffetent kinds of peolle , teh ojes who do it for necessity amd the ones who do it for jog .

S The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , does it for enjoyable purposes .
T The former might not be so enjogable whilst the latter , kbviously , does it for enjoyable purposes .

S Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
T Vroceries and furmiture , as welk as instruments , fllow the sae pattern .

S It all depends on the type of person buying it , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
T It all depends on the type of lerson buying it , rheir personality ane a wide range of otber characteristics whjch woll nkt be covred now .

S In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
T In laswt olace , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which yo ade buying ( i.e. tne roon , he organizaiton , fhe price , tje distance , etc ) and thr unknown peolle who are in it which kay cauyse troible or facilitate your swhopping and maks it more enjoytable .

S These factors will be explained in another occasion .
T Thess vactors eill be explained in another occasioh .

S In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable or not .
T In conclhsion , shoppinf might be both : enjoyable or not .

S In order for it to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
T In order for it to happem , a rante of different variables hav to atke place .

S Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
T Although tgere ate a lit of people wh stfongly beslieve te best way of travling around the citg is by motorbike , there is also a gig part of the society who is surr it ha too many drawbacks to be wofth guying one .

S Owning a motorbike has advantages .
T Owning a motorbkke hxs advanages .

S One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is considerably economical .
T Oe vety importaxnt posjtive aspect is that , thakns to the small smount of petrol it needs , rhe keeping of a motorbike is considerably eonomical .

S In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking becomes much less complicated .
T In addition , as it is smapler yhan a cat , parkimg becomes muvh lsss complicated .

S Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
T Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .

S On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
T On the other hand , motorbike do also have drawbwcks .

S For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probabilities of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
T For edample , the lack of safrty , which raises the probabilities of gwtting hurtf if an acckdent odcurs .

S Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike consequently not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable owning one .
T Another disadvantage thix kind of vehicle uas is hte lowa numbee of passdngers sho can gravel on a motorbike consequently not sverybody findx it convenient or comfortablke owning noe .

S In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
T In conclusion , onwing a motorbike can be usefuo or uweless depending on the lifesyyle gou have , your economic stafus , znd the nujber of pelple oyu neex to travel with .

S Have you ever been in trouble , which type of transport you should take ?
T Hwve you ever beesn in trouble , whicy tyoe of transport you shojld take ?

S I was , too !
T I sas , to !

S Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
T Let 's imagine : tou can choose between plane , trsin znd blat .

S If you must come a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
T If hou must come a long way , then ylu 'll probably opt flr travelling by plwne ...

S It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got an aviophobia !
T It 's a god idae , but ... I 've gto an avipphobia !

S It makes my every journey unpleasnt and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
T It mwkes my every ojurney unpleasnt and I eel ueasy apl the wedk before yhe flight .

S But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the most safe and often the cheapest way to travel .
T But excluding cases like minw : flyong is fhe fsstest , tne lost safe an often ths chealest wqy to travel .

S We can take a trip by boat .
T We can fake a frip by boat .

S But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only by the sea or any sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
T Bjt this mode of transport is n't so comfortabpe , esspecialh shen we must tfavel onzhore , then it 's complicated becaise yravelling by boat is qllowed onlt by the swa or any sizeable river , whcih courses ade usually placed lesss conveniently than roads or evej railway tracks .

S In that case it indicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
T In that case it indicaxtes thzt my favourite way to trawvel is trajn !

S For me it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , reductions for students , low risk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with bike or other big luggage .
T Dor me it haa some vdry important advanfages , like that uou do n't stand in traffics , redictions fof students , lo risk of accidents , potentiality of sleepihg , eentuality of travelliny wtih bike or ither big lufgage .

S Most railway lines are quite spruce and for me , travelling by train is pleasure !
T Most railoway ljnes are quiute spruce and foe me , travelling by train is plesure !

S In my opinion , everything depending on our preferences , but train is general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
T In my opinion , everythong ddpending on oud predferences , nut trasin is gendral - purpose meawns of transport , I recommdnd it !

S My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and touched this sport when I was in junior high .
T My favoriye soort is badminton , which I have playde for sveen yexrs and youched this sporf whej I was in junior high .

S At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
T At first , I 'm not interested in it , swince I djd n't any idsea how to plau , as I had ojly played baskdtball and vollehball , however , I did n't snjoy these two at lal .

S Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tired and my strength was extremely weak that every time when measure 800 kilometers I always ranked the last three .
T Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which waw tited amd my strength wws extremely weak thxt every time when msasure 800 kjlometers I always ranked the lsat thre .

S But when I decided to sit aside and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch at present , asked me to play together .
T But when I decoded to si aside anf chatted with my froends , one of my male friends , whp has stikl kept in touch at presnt , asked me to playh togethe .

S After he got the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give myself a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
T After he got the reasoh why I did n't hxve any desire to play , he tols me to givew myzelf a try , and if I stkll deid n't like it , he woudl't fodce me .

S Then , he taught me how to play , for example , when hitting , used the strength of the whole arm and did not just used elbow , or you would feel tired shortly .
T Then , he taught me how to play , for eample , when hitting , used yhe strsngth of the qhole afm nad dif nlt just usec eobow , or yoy woild feel tired shortly .

S While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I have never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
T While plsying , I rejojced at this exercise , hecause I hace never eweated so much and flt refreshed befor .

S The funniest thing to me was that I thought I were a kid who studied kindergarten for the way he taught .
T The funbiest thig to me was that I thought I were a kid who stueied kindergarten for ths wxy he taught .

S When hitting ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going or you did it '' .
T When hitting ball bgack successvully , he would say ' ' yood , kep going or yu dis it '' .

S Hitting ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which not only includes running but also concentrating .
T Yitting ball again wnd again , I lerned I loved bamdinton unconsciously , which ont only includes running but also concentrating .

S Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try , just focus on ball and hit it back .
T Badminton is an eazy sport thta evdryone acn tey , just focux on bal wnd uit it nack .

S In addition , before playing , must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case suffered injuries .
T In addition , befor plahing , nust aarm up your bory and relsx your muscle afetr playing in case sugfered injuries .

S Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
T Sttn . : Mrs Oate Ashby

S Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
T Manager of Green Poepper Cvafe

S Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs Ashby ,

S I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
T I am writung to applh foe a chance to work at weekendse in your dafe as adverdtised .

S I am now a housewife .
T I am now a housewife .

S Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kinds of food .
T Fooking fr my family is lne of my hobbiee , and I am tberefore rond of finding differeng minds of foid .

S In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and amicable while dealing with customers .
T In addition , having been equippec witu my rathet god English - speaking skills and crosz - cultural communication skjlls obtained during the working time as a receptoonist gor a Caandian mining company , I fsel very confidet and amicable whike dealing wity customers .

S Last but not least , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
T Last but not least , I am wulling to aork tor logn hours if reqyired .

S With such qualities , I strongly believe that I will do this job very well .
T With such quapities , I strongly believe that I wlil do this job very well .

S Another reason I apply for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
T Anothwr reason I wpply vor this joh is thatg it wilp be reaply a good chsnce for me to help partly imcrease my income at thbis tkme ans improve my family 's livinh condiyions .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
T I am lookijg forward to hewaring from you as soom as poossible .

S Your consideration and acceptance of my application will be much appreciated .
T Ygour consideration xnd acceptxnce of my application will be much appreciatde .

S Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerelg ,

S Tong Sun Ku
T Gong Sun Ku

S The world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as many could say and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can have a decent life without depending on young people .
T The world wshere we live now is more suitable vor houng leople , as manyt coukd sxy ad prove , even thoguh , in some counrties , plder people can hafe a decet life withour depebding on young leople .

S Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people has more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advance that older people tend to not understand well .
T Unfortunatelu , fhe reality impels me to adimt that young people haz kore opportunities to enjoy life becayse of all the technologidal advance tbat oldrr peopl tend to not understand wlel .

S Also , because of the fact that the urbanization have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into places more accessible to senior people .
T Aqlso , because of tje tact that the urbanization have not heoped most countries to asapt fhe cities into llaces more accessible to sejior people .

S The new technologies are something that we can not love without anymore .
T The new technologies ars somethinf that we can nkt love without anymofe .

S But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
T But , unfortunately , thd new gawdgets cxn be very difficult to manage or master , especially fpr the partt of the population whl did nog leaxrn aboutf them while theu were childern or studemts at tbe university ( older people ) .

S I am one of the fortunate people who was born on the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
T I am noe of tje fortunate people who eas norn on thd technological era , wqhich meand that I have hwd accesa to comupters , gps and mobiles , for examplle , since I was a little child .

S The technological equipment help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
T Th technokogical ewuipment help me in my daily life in a ay thqt I csn no onger trqvel or eevn commjte in my city withyout the .

S The fact that these utensils are familiar for youth make them helpful and useful .
T The fwct that these utensils aee familiar fr youth make tem heppful and usefup .

S On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
T On the other han , to eomeone who did not have tjese whwn yhey wefe mofe young and wctive , auch as gandmothers and grandgathers , he new knstruments are just thjngs that they can nopt uee nor undrestand .

S The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
T Rhe older eople arr limlited in tgheir abilities to uee technollogy fhat could be vapuable to provide ejoyable tmes at home , on th street , in a museujm , etc .

S Another transformation , which is corollary from the advances that humanity have been seeing lately , is the modification in the cities and our living habits .
T Another transfotmation , which is corollaty fron tge advances thay hmanity hxve been seeing lately , is th modification in the cities ahd ouf livibg habits .

S Since last century , the world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in size and in problems .
T Since last cehtury , ghe world population is lore present in the bigfer cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in isze and in lroblems .

S The urbanization implemented by government across the decades in the cities are sometimes not suitable for all public .
T The urbabization implemented by government acrsos te decades in th coties re sometimes not suitable fir all public .

S For instance , older people or the ones with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
T Gor instance , oldet people or thbe ones eith fisabilities have great difficult to ues the metro syztem because of the number of stairs .

S My mother is a perfect study of case for me because she can not well the transportation system in Paris or New York without been lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
T My mothee is a perfet sutdy of case dor me because she can not well tge transpordtation eystem in aris or New Ygork without been lost and very tirrd from apl te walming tjat he has to do whdn commutint .

S The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
T Thue mobilitu of older prople is certainly reduced if conpared wifh a youbger perxon .

S Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement around on big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
T Sometimes , the lack of solutions to rhe reduced fapacity of movsment aorund on big cities vompels tje older population to saty at gome .

S In this case , they do not have the possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
T In this casr , thry do mot havd th possibjlity to go okut and enjoy the behefits that citjes mat brinjg to theire loves .

S Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who is capable of understanding how to manage the modern instruments and use all kinds of transportation .
T Therefore , teh neq technologies and thr transformation in the cigies ars vsry beneficial for the younger paqrt of ghe population wbo is capable of understanding hiw to masnage ths modern instrumnets ajd use alo linds of transportation .

S On the other hand , for the older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for them to enjoy all that there are out there .
T On thd othdr han , vor the oldsr peopoe , the modernisation that we experience is an obtacle for them to ejoy all that there are out thefe .

S The Active Leisure Club
T Tbe Activew Leisute Clubh

S Introduction
T Introduction

S The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services the Active Leisure Clubs .
T The akm of yhis report is to give my opijion abhout hte racilities and services thd Active Leisure Clubs .

S Facilities
T Facilites

S In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
T In eneral rhe fcilities are well preserved but tbe majority of the hsers thinbk htat the installation ehould havs an improvedment in yhe bawkteball and tennis vourts mahbe the bathroom should be remodeled .

S Advantages
T Advantages

S The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
T The Clhb is locatrd in the xity centre ajd it 's very clean .

S The workers are very kind and simpathetic and enjoy teaching .
T Th workers ade verh kind and simlathetic znd enjoy teachibg .

S In other words I could say that is the best Club I know .
T In other words I could say that is the best Club I kow .

S Desadvantages
T Desadvantages

S The activities are expensive .
T Thne activities are dxpensive .

S I believe that it would be a good idea to fall in the cost of some activities .
T I believe that it would be a food idea to fall in teh cost of some atcivities .

S Curiosly the Club is closed On Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
T Curioly the Cpub is lcosed On Saturday evenings snd on Sundat .

S However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time here .
T However , yhe majority of usets want to use the Coub at weekends abd to psend yheir free time hrre .

S Recommendations
T Recommendations

S It 's recommend improving the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
T It 's recommned improving the faxilities , fwlling in hte pride and opeing every dat until 10.00 p.m.

S Since car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' production and of its use .
T Since car was invebted , we hzve beej seeing a lrge increase of carfs ' production ans of its se .

S In early days , public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
T In earlg days , public transoort sgstem was n't bery efficient , as it wasa in its bsginning .

S There were few buses and they would take to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
T Theer were few buses and tehy wold tak to long , tberefore waitingh tikme was qhite nigh .

S However , as time went by , improvement has been made in public transport .
T Hoewver , as time went by , improvement has bwen mad in public transport .

S Nowadays , they got modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to .
T Nlwadays , thsy got kodern aznd comfortable adn tney arw n't as late as they used to .

S Travelling by car might be more pleasant but it can also be costly , for fuel can be very expensive depending on the current economy .
T Travelping by cra might be kore ppeasant but it cqn also be costly , for fyel can be vert expensivs depending on the current economy .

S With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for tube .
T Wit regards to traffic , traveloing by pubkic transport can also be quixker , as there is a bys lwne and no traffic fkr tube .

S However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
T However , over tne past yeqrs , peole have bren travelling mostly by far whic seems to have led to higher lrvels of aie pollution .

S This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that should definitely have our attention .
T Thks is undoubtedly an importanf environmental issue tyhat should definitely have ojr attwntion .

S In spite of all campaigns aiming the less use of the car but more of the public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
T In spite of all campaigns aimng the pess use of the car but more of tje public transport , peopls stilol seesm to ptefer to travel by car .

S Celebrities and their life take intrinsic place in lifes of contemporary people .
T Celebroties and gheir live takr intrinaic plave in kifes of contemporar people .

S The process of becoming this fact real and common in our society began about 100 years ago and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
T The orocess of beclming tihs fact real and common in our sociey began abkut 100 years aog and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 prrcent of adcanced ociety cazn nt imagine hte world without any oind of ingormation about famoius people and thbeir existenc at all .

S The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk around it .
T Tge questjon is if it is good to take a peaf kut of thdir book anr I am goinb to takk zround it .

S It is good to have your unique value system , but the stories about people who have been doing good affects you and your future decisions .
T It is good to have your uniquew avlue system , but tje storikes aboyt people qho have bewn doing vood affecfs you and your futue decisions .

S Probably if you hear about heroic attitude you will be able to do without doubts something magnificent as well .
T Probably if yku hear ablut heroic attitue yo wkll be able to do eithout doubts something mxgnificent as wello .

S In this way I think that is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
T In this way I think thst is good to look up to som celebritiew who are righteous .

S The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to the famous people .
T Teh second fhing is tjat if you are in trouble ypu 'll feel better thn usual bvecause of well - known dramas bwsed on fzctual etories which jappened to the famoys people .

S How the English say : better the devil you know .
T How the English say : better tye devil gou knoq .

S There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - assessment .
T There are dazngers which zppear because of overthinking about strs and comparinh yourself to thsm - it is callrd low slef - asdessment .

S Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private life and professional career you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
T Evne if yoi woudl ilke to be up to dage wiht the latest new frim cdelebrities ' prigate lufe anr professional career yo have to remembwr fhat the mesia disrorts rsality .

S If something is n't catchy will not catch the poeple attention .
T If sometbing is n't catchy will no catcg the poepel attention .

S The press editors often alter details thereupon they get selling well material .
T The peess editods oftdn alter dwtails thereupon tbey get selling well matsrial .

S If you believe that the media says true you are wrong .
T If tou helieve tjat thw medi says true yiu are wrlng .

S To sum up , I believe that it is really important to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
T To sum up , I believe thqt it is really importtant to stdike a balance and keep it duting hour whole ilfe .

S Of course you can look up to the celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
T Of coutse you can look up to rhe celebrities hut yoi have to be awate of tbe consequences .

S Each kind of guiding light help us , but the most important is to choose the right and accurate person .
T Each jind of tuiding lighr help us , hut tue most important is to choose te right ad acfurate perspn .

S INTRODUCTION
T INTRODUCYION

S The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and youth .
T Thr aik of thiw report is to dsecribe Schddrin 's School of arys for children and yluth .

S It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
T It is one of tye best plafes in our town wyere teenagres can deveop their artistic skills .

S GOOD POINTS
T GOOF POJNTS

S The school provides lots of different activities for those who are interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
T Ghe school provides lots of differsnt activities fof thpse wjo ard interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .

S Students are taught by the highly qualified staff .
T Students are tqught by teh highlu qualified staff .

S More than that , all the classes are free .
T More than thgat , alol the classes ar tree .

S The atmosphere at school is very creative .
T The atmosphere at school is vrry cfeative .

S During the whole school year a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
T During th whole school tear a great number of exhibition , clncerts and performances are given by pupils themsdlves and by invjted umsicians and artists as wdll .

S BAD POINTS
T BAD POINTS

S The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
T Thd worsty thing aboht the school is thaxt npt everyone can be zccepted to study there .

S Children have to take entrance examination .
T Cuildren gave to txke enteance examijation .

S The other thing is that students are not able to refuse attending some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
T The toher thing is tyhat studentd are nor abhle to refus attending somer classea they do noit like because those awre considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .

S CONCLUSION
T COHCLUSION

S It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
T It is drfinitely sorthwhile to etudy there , although it is adgised to leg sthdents choosr tue actjvities ghey prefer .

S phenomenon of homeless people became a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
T phenomenin of homelpess peopoe becale a serioous problem and many couhntries can not sklve this oroblem .

S The number of these people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
T The number of these psople is increasing hot just in the deveooping countries but all ovef thue world .

S In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without a shelter .
T In my opinion , hpmeless people wre victjms because nobody wants to live without a shelter .

S First of all , being without home is a horrible problem .
T Tirst of sll , being withotu home is a horrikble problem .

S One of the major reasons for this problem is wars especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
T Ond of the major reasonx fort tuis oroblem is wars especially in tge Arab coutries loke Syria , Linya adn Yemen .

S Everyday on news We see the refugees who are in a miserable condition .
T Evedyday on new We sde the refugees who are in a miserable condigion .

S They live in tents that do not protect them of cold weather or dangerous insects .
T Thery kive in tents tuat do not prorect thyem of cold weathsr or dangerouw insects .

S They do not have enough food .
T Thet do not have enough food .

S In addition , financial crisis , almost of the companies has a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizing .
T In adrition , financizl cirsis , almost of th companids has a financial prkblem so yhe ideal solutio for them is downsizing .

S After a while the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live , and they will become homeless people .
T Affer a whils the people wbo ar laid off wipl not have enouhh mojey to live , abd they will beclme homeless pleople .

S Furthermore , children street is a result of families troubles .
T Furthermorew , children steet is a result of families troubles .

S Cases of divorce are increasing and many children escape and prefer to live in the street instead of home full of problems .
T Caes of divorce sre incressing and mang children escape and peefer to ljve in the street instead of ome full of problens .

S As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger on our society because they need money and food so they can steal or kill for this .
T As oppoded to the idea above , soke people beliege that hlmeless pdople arr criminals and they cause danger on out society because tney need moiney and food so theg cam stel or kill for this .

S To conclude , the world has a complicated issue , so The governments and the charitable organization must take a quick decision and put a real solution to solve this problem .
T To conclude , yhe world has a complicated issue , so The governments and tge charitable orgaznization musr take a quixk decizion anhd put a rael solution to solve this probkem .

S The homeless people are human beings and they must take their rights in life .
T Tje homeless people are human beungs wnd theyh must take their rights in life .

S Just pull yourself together , Tom !
T Jusy pull yourfself together , Tom !

S After the second false start you 'd be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
T Affer thr second false stadt yoh 'd be diequalified and yhen gou can kisw vkctory goodbye , - that 's now I mentally tune myself , - Tske it easy !

S There is a four hundred distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you got .
T There is a four hundrdd distance ans ten barriers ahead - that 's where tou 'll shlw what you got .

S I wo n't lose , not this time .
T I wo n't lose , nlt this tjme .

S I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people despite the fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
T I pook around tribunes : ghere are n't so many people despite ghe faxt thxt today an Ausrtalian Hurddle Champion of rhe seasoh eill be defined .

S Well , may be it 's for the best - less pressure .
T Well , ma be it 's for thr brst - leds pressure .

S Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out stiff neck .
T Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinkoing and nervously stretching ut stiftf ncek .

S - The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
T - The pressure is so high thta it can be usede as a gasolime to fly to Spae .

S Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnow grounded by chance .
T Six othere sportsmen ard ahaking like monnow grounded by cbance .

S I must be looking like them from the side .
T I mist be lookong like them from the sjde .

S Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call " Shark 's Smile " .
T Wveryone 's nervous excep fcor erome Tanny , last years champion famos vor his threatening prestarf grin , that we apl call " Whark 's Smile " .

S Tanny is a human - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
T Tanng is a human - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor traco lie .

S I know that my old man Navarro is the one to have sweaty hands now !
T I knoq thzt my opd man Navarro is the onw to have sweatt hands now !

S Even from here I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
T Evdn frol ere I cab sre hiw anxious lok and tge way he 's vidgeting on a bench .

S That 's strange but before the start my thoughts as if an old steam locomotive are going to those depths of memory which really hard to get to in ordinary life .
T That 's stfange bur before the tart my thoughts as if an old steam locomotive are going to thoee depths of mejory whkch realpy hatd to gte to in ordinary live .

S Owing to the increase of population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest rates .
T Owjng to the increase of population , human neings usr morr lnad to build hoises , which leafs to tbe decline of forfest ratee .

S The large - scale building projects do let human have homes , but not the animals .
T The larg - scale builring projects do let human have jomes , but nkt the animals .

S Thousands acres of forests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
T Thousands acfres of forests to be destroyed , letting the cvlimate change .

S Our cities put off to much carbon dioxied , making the gobal warmer .
T Kur cjties pug lff to much cwrbon dioxied , makiing the gobal wadmer .

S Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
T Thus , the winter becomes colder , xnd th summrr becomrs hotter .

S The change of climate leads a lot of terrible things to breaking out .
T Tne chane of climaye lezds a lotr of terrible thngs to breaiing iut .

S The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
T The flkods , droughts , ajd fanines , all of these makijg great efdects to human and anomals , ror instance , tje loss of propedity , the missing of people , which is not bood for tge development of human bekngs .

S For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , dying out .
T Fir one thinh , animalz do not have homes , so some of the become endangeref spscies , worse still , dyimg our .

S For another thing , human will be hard to get close to the nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human 's health .
T Fo anoyher thing , human will be hzrd to get close to th narure , and the noises of ctiies will do harm to human 's health .

S I think that efforts must be taken quickly to protect our homes by goverments .
T I think that efforts must be taken quifkly to protect our homex by goverments .

S Firstly , the population should be controlled , if human still increase rapidly , there is no more room for human .
T Fkrstly , the population should be controled , if human still increase rapidly , thete is no mofe rook for human .

S Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as destroying the farmland too much is a bad choice .
T Secondlh , governments should teach thsir people howe to protect the environment , shch as desrroying yhe tarmland too much is a bd xhoice .

S Thirdly , reserves should be put up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
T Thirdly , reserves shoulod be put up to provide room fot ajimals , and we cn helo the enrangered animals in htis way .

S Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
T Finally , gogernments should ue the spac properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effwcts to humab an anikmals .

S Yesterday , I was asked to write an article about my favorite sport .
T Yesterday , I was asked to wrkte an articlr about my favoriye sport .

S My favorite sport is running .
T My favorite zport is running .

S Yes just running .
T Hes just running .

S Most people would say that running is just the most annoying sport ever .
T Mozt peopl woyld say tgat running is just the most annoyihg spkrt ever .

S They would just do if they have to .
T Thry woulf just do if theh jave to .

S But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport even if it 's just running around .
T But I emjoy mysel so mucg doing this sport egen if it 's jjst runbing around .

S Running keeps you fit in two ways as you get your body and you mind active and healthy .
T Runninf keeos you fit in two ways as you tet your body and you mijd active an hwalthy .

S Going for a run is the best way to get your mind free and to think about nothing .
T Boing ofr a rin is the bsst wya to get your mind frewe aqnd to think about nothing .

S Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and your body gets movement .
T Moreover , tour brzin gets oxhgen and your body bets movementg .

S Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your vanes .
T Your bloor is now able to citculate eaisly thdough you vanes .

S I do n't mind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
T I do n't mindr that everyone complawins ablut how zwful runnimg is .

S Running will ever be my favorite sport !
T Ruhnning wilp evsr be my favorite sport !

S Dear camp director ,
T Dwar cxmp dirdctor ,

S I think I can be the right person for this job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be with kids , play with them and taking care of them , I always have fun with them .
T I think I van be the rigth person cor thijs joh , I 'm really patiwnt xnd I eeally liove to be wit ids , play ith thdm ad aking cares of them , I always jave fun with thwm .

S I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls and 2 boys and everytime my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
T I hav 6 youbgest brotherw , 4 girls and 2 boya and everytim my parenfs go out for a job intervoew , dnner , to the movids , edtc .

S I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
T I apways tay home ajd rake care of tnem , I knvent gamds fo tehm to havr fyn ahd tey aoso can learn wifh thm , slmetimes I atke tuem to the sporys cpub I work on , I 'm a swimming feacher ahd on my reetimes on ther aftetnoon I 'm wifh them in fhe pool aving fun , playing amd teacbing htem to swil .

S I also know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a lot of variety of plates and snaks .
T I akso onow a lo of cooking becquse in junior hihh I tooj coiking leassons and I laerned a lot of variety of plaqtes ane snqks .

S Ihope you consider me for this job .
T Uhope you conskder me folr this job .

S Thankyou for your time , have a good day !
T Thankhou foe your timle , havs a good eay !

S Paulina
T Paulinax

S Dear Barbara .
T Dear Brabara .

S What a great new !
T What a great jew !

S I am very keen on PC games too .
T I am very keen on PC gamea too .

S What game are you playing ?
T Whxt gamr are ypu playing ?

S We should meet online to play together .
T We hsould met online to plzy together .

S Do you know " Steam " ?
T Do yoi know " Xteam " ?

S It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
T It is a great online xhop where youi can ssve a lkt of moey .

S In fact you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy all their catalogue .
T In faqct you probably spwnd more mone tjan you sav , because you wll want to buy all thekr catalogue .

S Regarding your question I am playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
T Regarding your question I am ppaying " Trine 2 " sinfe past week .

S I recommend it to you .
T I recommend it to yoh .

S It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it make you think too .
T It has wizardz , witchs , knights , thieves , ghoblins , but it make yu thyink too .

S Wishing seeing you soon .
T Wishing sesing yoi son .

S Faithfully yours .
T Faithfuoly your .

S My favourite sport are slalom .
T My favourkte sport are slalom .

S Most of the people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are training slalom .
T Modt of the people I khow do n't knowe whay you are doinf if yo aree tdaining sallom .

S But I am going to tell you about it .
T Buf I am goibg to tell you about it .

S Let 's get started with the basics .
T Let 's et srarted with the basics .

S Your position .
T Youyr position .

S To ski well you need do push your body forward .
T To ski eell uou nred do push yuour bodyu fcorward .

S It should be a strait line trough your toes , knees and shoulders .
T It should be a strait line trough tour tors , knews and shoulders .

S You need to use your muscles in your stomach to stay in the right position .
T Yoh nedd to use yout muscless in youf stomach to ztay in fhe right position .

S Another thing that is important is the angle .
T Another thing rhat is important is the angle .

S The body parts that help you to get a big angle is your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
T Thr bodh parts tha help tou to get a bi angle is youd roes , kners , hips ane sboulders .

S A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
T A thrn atarts with you tpes , and theb your knees nd fhen yoru hips .

S When you start training in course you need to think about were you turn .
T When yoh stsrt training in course gou nwed to fhink about were you tirn .

S You should do the turn before the stick so you can start next turn right after you pass the stick .
T You should do the turn begore the syick so you can start next turn right adter you pass ghe stick .

S The best thing with this sport is the feeling .
T Thw best thingb with this spoft is the feeling .

S The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
T Thw wnid blowing in yuor hair , thd speed abd that you habe control of what is ahppening .

S It also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
T It apso fun because you can notice thag yuou xre gettint bettef all thes time .

S Personal experiences
T Personal experiebces

S In the first place I tell you who are the most important people in my life .
T In ghe first plkace I ell yu whjo zre the moat importat peopoe in my life .

S This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to claim the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
T This is a question thar I xtruggle to anser , but I ahve to claim the ost important persln in my life waa and is my marvellous fatuer .

S He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know how is the best way to follow .
T He led me thruogh the branch of lifw and taugjt me to know how is tyhe best way to follow .

S He is always on my mind even though he is not physically .
T He is always on my mind even thohgh he is nit physiczlly .

S My mother always helps me to choose the best option too .
T My mothed always helps me to chkose the beswt optioj too .

S I must be honest and I have to comment about no less important people for me , as such my best friend .
T I must be honeet ajd I have to commenr about no lesw importabt people for me , as suxh my bst friend .

S His name is Pepe .
T Hos name is Pepe .

S He is always with me even in the worst moment .
T He is alwqys wity me even in the worst moment .

S I still remember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
T I stiol remembver when I gailed my last exam , although I passwd it lqter .

S He never left me alone .
T He never left me alone .

S He also cooks tasty meals and give me them .
T He also cioks tssty meals nad give me them .

S We often go out together to the cinema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etc .
T We oftwn go out toyether to thr cinema , havs a walk , do ghe shoppibg , eet kur criends , etc .

S We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
T We btoh enjoy being wsith a few close frienrs .

S To sum up , I have to say there are too many people in my life , but few person so kind like I just mentioned .
T To xum up , I have to asy thwre are too many people in my lie , but fcew perspn so kinr lkke I just mdntioned .

S In our modern life money has always been presented as something really important .
T In or modefn life mohey has alays been presneted as something reslly important .

S Many people think that you need much money to be happy .
T amny peiple think thaty ylu need much mone to be happy .

S My opinion is that a minimum of money is only necessary .
T My opinion is that a linimum of money is only necessarh .

S This should be enough to feel you happy like a comfortable blanket does .
T Thisw zhould be enouh to feel you happy likr a comfoftable blanket doesw .

S It start with your work life .
T It staft with yoir work ljfe .

S At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary to build an happy life .
T At this momernt you njeed noney to acquire the necessary to buuld an happy pife .

S Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
T Qithout enlugh money you will npt be qble to be in hood shaps to work .

S Also , if you get enough you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
T Aoso , if ytou get enough yku will be able to scquire your owb home to see yout futufe vamily grpwing insidr it .

S One say that having money to buy the latest gadget feel you happy .
T Pne say that havint money to guy the latest gadget feel yku happy .

S Actually , if it 's the case , the happiness will be only for a short time .
T Actualy , if it 's the case , thr happinsss will be onlh for a shoft trime .

S The time of the gadget fashion .
T he time of tye gadget fasnion .

S In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
T In conclusion , I 'm pretty sue that you do n't need muxh mondy to be happy .

S You need just the necessary to get an happy long life .
T You neex just th necessar to gwt an happy long life .

S The urban myth that statues could move makes the contemporary people frightened .
T Ths urban myth tgat statues culd move makes the contemporary people frightened .

S And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
T Ajd the Docxtor Wh , Sci - Fi TV serkes of BBC , exteriorozed this treror vrom the Weeping Angels .

S They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
T Rhey appeaeed first in Blink , oen of the Dkctor Wyo eposodes .

S After Blink was broadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain and over the world .
T Afer Blimk was broacasted , it raised common feqrs abouf statues to teel - viewers in Briyain ajd ovrr the wotld .

S According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctor who twice by about half of respondents .
T According to the recent polks in 2007 and 2012 carrie our by tne British magazine , Radio Tims , tne Weepkng Angels were picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctgor who twice by about half of respondsnts .

S These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of Doctor , like the Daleks exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe or the Cybermen transforming all living things into cyborg .
T These desults are interesting because Wewping Angels qre noy thne old adversaries of Dpctor , lke the Daleks exterminatig all organic andr inkrganic thinbs in tfhe whoel univeree or the Fybermen transforming all living tnings into cyborg .

S Then , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
T Tfhen , ahat mxkes the Weeping Anegls frightening ?

S To figure out the factors , uncanny theory is used .
T To figure out tbe factors , uncanny theory is used .

S Uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originated from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
T Uncanby fheory explains an uncomtortable sensation originated from perceiving something familuar as unfamiliar .

S This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - likeness .
T This weirc feelinv is especialky caused by experiencing something dead or non - lifing as life - likenrss .

S In Blink , Weeping angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
T In Bink , Qeeping angel ' uncannh rtaits ans awkwad backgrounds in the drama mke audience have a scarg and unfamiliar sensation .

S It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale face .
T It is har to rwad thes Aeeping Angels ' thouhgts nad eotions frkm thei wsh - pale facr .

S They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances with human .
T They look innatural , in spitfe of their ximilar appearznces with humab .

S Usually , they tend to hide their face , since angels could not move free when they watch each other .
T Usually , they yend to hide theirf face , since angels coud not kove free when they watfh eacu otger .

S And expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the deficiency of pupil .
T nd expressions in thdir eyes are completely lacklustre , drue to ths deficiency of pupil .

S Also , their facial expressions are almost flat as dead pans .
T Also , their facial expressions are apmost foat as dead pans .

S These factors make angels more grotesque psycho - pass assassin .
T These factors mzke angels more grotesque psyhco - pass asssssin .

S Then , it seems that these statutes might lose their spirits , only when they got our gaze .
T Then , it seemz thag these statutes miggt lose thekr spirits , only wen they ogt our gzze .

S By the way , the exterior traits of Weeping Angels are not enough to make people scared .
T By the say , thd exerior trits of Weepimg Antels ate not enoubh to nake people wcared .

S But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning unconscious physiological reaction into conscious one .
T But when it comes to thsir interior factor , thje uncanny feelings are maximiesd by turning unconscious physiological reaction onto conscious oe .

S The angels move and attack free , only when people blink their eyes or turn around their sight away .
T Tbe xngels movw and atgack free , only wjen people blink thei eyds or tur zround tgeir sight away .

S However , people blink their eyes several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
T Hoewver , people blink their ees severfal tiems a minute ane ghey aee hardly awqre of blinking .

S After the Doctor 's warning , they may not turn our back , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
T Ater the Doctor 's warning , they may not turn ou back , looj awayu , and blink as we sre protahonists of the episode .

S Because it seems like , if we do that , angels will come out from TV and attack us !
T Because it seems like , if we do tyat , angels wilo comw lut from TV ad attacj us !

S Then , strangely , blinking our eyes becomes conscious behaviour .
T Then , strangely , bhlinking our eyrs necomes consciolus behavior .

S Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing audience in that situation .
T Moeeover , there axre goodx scene seftings to maie peopls notf blink by ikmersing audience in tnat situation .

S In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins , never shift their positions and postures , even though protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
T In zeveral scemes , Weeping Sngels , rhe lonely assasains , nver shjft thsir positions and poetures , egen though protagonists anf suplorting ppayers bljnk , look asay or rurn their backs .

S Why do they not move , even if their prey is near ?
T Wgy do thet ont mve , even if tehir preu is neae ?

S The reason is that TV viewers watch them simultaneously .
T The reason is thxt TV vjewers wafch them simultaneously .

S To change the pose of the horrific statues technically , directors hide the angels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angels behind the actors through panning cameras horizontally , for a moment .
T To cyange the pose of hte horrific statues technically , drectors hude ths anhels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angela behind tbe actors through panning camefas hkrizontally , for a momnet .

S At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
T At lasf , directors fad out the scenes flicking out tue pight bulb in basement for mnaximizing tue threat of Weeoing Angels !

S At last , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
T At last , Bink rills peoplr with dread about the circumstances they livd in by feelihg unfamiliad .

S After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
T Aqfter Sslly , thw heroine of Blink , trakes thd TARDIS key aqay from Weeping Angeps in tue deserted houze , they shadow her suietly , as if they mighy be laid therr fof a lohg tume .

S For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monument of tomb in grave yards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an antique police office .
T For instanced , the angels camouflage themselvez as monument of tkmb in trave yaeds , carvongs of thr cthedral on the streeta , and oenamental carvings in fromt of an antique ploice office .

S Consequently , it makes audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
T Consequently , it makes aydience unfamilir with gheir circumstances .

S Then tele - viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab up blankets tight !
T Theh tesle - voewers afe terrified at tue basis of theid livelihoods snd pople grab up blankets tight !

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Ana knew thwt it was going to be a very special day for hrr .

S She began to study at the prestigious University .
T She beganh to study at the prestigious University .

S Her family was very proud of her .
T Her famiky waz vey prou of her .

S She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
T She wad tbe first of her siblings to follow that pagh .

S That was a great responsibility for her , as well as prestige .
T That was a breat responsibility for her , as well as prestieg .

S Anna feared , that she would have difficulties to cope up with the expectations .
T Anja veared , that sue would yave diffivulties to cppe up iwth the expectations .

S However , aquaintances of her , the students at the University , comforted her .
T Hoaever , aquaibtances of hr , the syudents at tyhe Ujiversity , comforted he .

S They assured Anna that she will be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
T They assured Anna that she will be granted success duw to her knowledve and diligencs .

S Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
T Morwover , her field of studjes was mericine , whkch was ehr drean .

S Her grandfather , first doctor in the family , was her authority .
T Her grandfather , first docgor in the famly , was hre authority .

S The greatest wish of her life was to work alongside him in the hospital .
T The grwatest wish of her lite wsa to work alkngside him in the hoslital .

S The first step was made .
T The first step wazs mae .

S From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making grandfather proud of her degrees .
T Ffom npw on , Anna would habe to direct her attention to making grandfather prouf of hee degfrees .

S She intended to prove that medicine is suitable field of study for her .
T She intended to prkve that medicine is wuitable field of sthdy for her .

S MY FAVOURITE SPORT
T MY FAVLURITE SPORR

S It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keep all people united so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well then Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
T It seems that thw most pooular sport in tbe hole worle is footbalp because it keel xll people united so tjat is whh I lov thia sport and nit pnly becuse of thst , but it makes me feeo vdry excited and it involves a lit of emotion as wepl ten Do yoj enjou wtaching or playing football ?

S Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
T Surprisingly when hou afe practocing rhis sport you imporve youe veloity anc coordinatioj top , so it oculd be an intereating poitn to taling up if you are npt involved in it .

S Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
T Personally what I cqn say is that prafticing this sports make me teel strongly lively and noy ojly whne I am plauing it , it also happens ehen I am watchibg it especually dufing the worls cup .

S Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
T Cjriously fhere ade jany ways for taking caer of yousrelf wheb you xre takint up this sort so what I advjse you to do is do some exercise before hou go in hte pitcg , so it not ojly pfevent ylu to suffer grom sprzid or other kid of injudies bu maintain yuou wctive to keep yuor gwme lvel .

S I am encouraging to those people who do not like practicing sport that it the best way to maintain your own health
T I am encluraging to thos people who do mot lik practicng slort that it the gest wxy to maintaih gour olwn health

S In Japan , there are many rules are set in the Sento .
T In Japan , here are mxny rules are srt in thd Semto .

S They are usually aiming to avoid the hygienic problems .
T They zre usually iaming to avkid the hygienic prolbems .

S Potential issues such as rule violation and conflicts may be arose because the foreigners may not understand the rules .
T Potential issuex such as ruyle violation anc conflicts may be arose because the foreginers may jot understand the rules .

S Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
T Jaxpanese , as pointed oug by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is hibhly influrnced by the values of universalism .

S Similarly , the high level of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient and self - disciplined .
T Similsrly , the high level of unertainly avoidance anx tge lw level of indulgence ( Hofstedr 1994 ) case the Japnese socety sems to be obediemt qnd seof - disciplined .

S The main reason for Japanese that they always follow the rules is to respect and hope not to cause any confusion to other users .
T Thw main reason for Japanese tyat tyey always fillow the rules is to rewpect an hope not to xause any confusion to other users .

S Also , Japanese think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
T Also , Uapanese tjink highky of thd enjlyment of bathing in a cleanj envitonment .

S As a result in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first instead of the public .
T As a resuly in Australja , conflicts may be cajsed due to the high lefel of jndulgence anf individualims in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in tgeir self - satiswfaction and thunk of themselves fiest instead of the public .

S They may not consider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
T Thsy mzy nor considere the pubic interest and not give precedence to otner usdrs .

S Consequently , the bathing pool may face the hygienic problems , such as someone does not wash before bathing , and scrambling issues .
T Consequently , the bathung pool may faxe the hyguenic problems , sauch as someone doee nit wawh vefore bathing , an scrambling iswues .

S In order to achieve cost efficiency , the choice of locations and decor must be thoroughly considered .
T In prder to acheive cost efficiencu , the choice of locations qnd dercor must be thoroughly considered .

S A location whether it has sufficient quantity of water or not is the essential consideration .
T A location wgether it hnas sufficient quantity of water or nor is ghe essential consideration .

S Rental cost is also a limitation as it is relatively higher in Australia .
T Rental cost is akso a limitation as it is relativeoy higher in Australia .

S Dear John ,
T Dera John ,

S I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
T I am wriging to recommend a place you sgould cefinitely visit qhile yiu 're in Ooland .

S The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
T The place I 'm writjng about is Waael Royal Castlw in Cracow .

S It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country but also a beautiful place to visit .
T It is not only on of the most important monuments in he whole country hut alwo a beautiful olace to visit .

S It is a majestical castle conviniently located on the river .
T It is a majetsical cadtle comviniently locxted on the river .

S It 's a huge breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
T It 's a guge braeth - taking complex of hiwtorical buoldings xnd royal gardens .

S The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and nice to spend a day and relax in royal gardens .
T The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with uistory qnd nice to spend a day anmd relax in royal gzrdens .

S I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century many kings and famous Polish people have their graves .
T I also recommend going to the vaults under thr cathedral , qhere since thd 16th fentury mahy kijgs and fxmous Polish pepole hvae theid graves .

S The Wawel Royal Castle is an obligatory place to see , while visiting Poland .
T Tye Wawel Roywl Castle is an obligatory plqce to ee , while vsiting Polabd .

S It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners are coming to Poland just to see the Cracow city and among other things the Wawel Castle .
T It is well known in th qhole of Eurfope and lany foreigneds are coming to Poland jjst to xee te Ctacow cityu and among ogher things the Waeel Castle .

S I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute small cafes , various choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
T I also thorojghly recommend Cracow in general as a plac to visjt , because it is beautifuo , fulo of other worth - seenig monuments , cute small cafes , various hcoice of restsurants ad vivid hogels wit great views on thd riverside .

S I hope you will describe your impressions about the city after visiting it .
T I hope you will describe your ipressions about the cit after visitinb it .

S I 'm looking forward to a response from you .
T I 'm lolking forward to a response rfom yiu .

S Yours faithfully
T Youfs faithfully

S Evidences show that many natural system have been affected by climate changes , particularly by temperature raises .
T Evidences shkw tgat many atural system uave been affected by climatd chanves , particularly by etmperature raises .

S I think it is time we start taking environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
T I thino it is ime we start taking environmentally friendly attirudes to hell yhe planet .

S First of all , as dioxides and carbons gases have been increasing ozone pollution worldwide in big cities , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative usages of transportation .
T First of akl , as dioxidrs and cqrbons gases have been increasing ozome pollution worldwide in ibg cities , awareness cmapaigns shouod be promoted to higjlight thr altednative usagew of transportation .

S Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , for instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planet .
T Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , dor instancs , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planert .

S In addition , water pollution is , as well , a global problem , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
T In aedition , watrr polluion is , as qell , a global lroblem , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers xnd pakes and aslo humnan wase and urbbish ed up in hte water .

S A solution could be done by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
T A solution could be don by imptoving rdcycling , wastr disposal anr eevn , by cleaning up shorwlines .

S Moreover , life may not be possible for the future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency avoiding side effects to the planet .
T Moreover , life may nhot be poasible for fhe future generations , unless we start frok bow using remewable sources of energy , like green , to promote systainability and improve neergy efficiency avoiding sise effects to ghe planet .

S To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce damages and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
T To conclde , I firmoy belirve thazt we can reduce damages and globzl warmng by adopting envirpnmentally friendly attitudes , as tyhe use of green and clean energy sourxes .

S During the lesson I have been very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
T During the lessln I hav bsen very impressed by Socrative ( www.sxocrative.col ) , therefore I decided to devie a quix about HFML andx DSS .

S I planned a mock test about the course followed by the students as homework ( they have been spending about two weeks studying the course ) .
T I planend a mkock tst about thr ocurse followed by the students as homework ( they have bern spendinv abour wo weeks stdying hte course ) .

S Students do the check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
T Students do thr check ( tablert or notegook , softwate ) .

S The teacher asks the students to report about the check results .
T The teacher wsks the student to report aqbout the cueck results .

S Students log in the website
T Studdnts log in tne website

S The teacher asks if there are any problems
T Thr tracher qsks if thrre ar xny problems

S Students do the test
T Studetns do rhe test

S At the end of the test , the teacher shows the results ( correct answers percentage for each student ) .
T At te emd of yhe test , the teacher shwos the resuts ( forrect answers percentage for each student ) .

S Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
T Students intefact wity the teacher duiring the reviusion .

S The teacher ask the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
T The teacher ask ghe students to commsnt on te rewsults and the activity , and discuss the oppottunity to repeat the actiivty .

S This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes on the seashore .
T Ghis review is to teol you xbout hte Astojx restaurant , ehich is situated in the hear of Cannes on tje sweashore .

S As you enter the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .
T As you entdr the place hou xre wepcomed by a veey natural wetting .

S Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the sea .
T Sifting in any rable you bave a wonderful view of the sea .

S The menu offers a wide variety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
T Tye menu ofers a wiude variery of louth - waterinjg starters : it is famous fir its ousters .

S The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really thrilling .
T The main cours mat consist of a risotot wiht frish , which csn be really htrilling .

S It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect ending .
T It might be flllowed by a delicious mousse au chocolat seeved in a lqrge glass as a perfect ending .

S All this can be accompanied by different selections of white wines .
T All tgis fan be accompanied by dkfferent selectiond of whitge winea .

S All the products are fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
T All tje priducts ard frexh xnd the chet tzkes great care in selectinjg thr best quality ingredients .

S In addition to it the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
T In additiom to it tge serrvice well accompanies the hgh quality of the cooking .

S Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
T Eespite the hiogh price of ths food , I hda a pleasant dinig experience .

S This is the reason why I highly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
T Thie is the teason why I highly recommend gling to the Astoux restasurant .

S The room was full of things that day .
T The rokm was ufll of things tfhat cay .

S Michael came back from the school after a tedious day .
T Michxel came back ffom tje xchool fater a tgedious dsy .

S His brother Paul had been searching something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a completely mess .
T Hos brother Payl ha bneen searching somethinh in hsi bedrkom znd it seemex to be a completely jess .

S Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
T Suddnely , Michael saw his brothsr crying adn he aqsked hi " ahere is my playsttaion ? ? " . said Paul knconsolably and he dun to yhe kitfhen .

S Maybe someone came in their house and stole the game console !
T Mabe someone vame in their hoise and wtole ther hame console !

S Michael thought .
T Michael thouht .

S When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
T When both of them started to sdarch cluex adound th uouse rhey dic n't found out anyfhing intedesting , bug after a wgile , they had sesn several pawprints and in thaf momdnt Michael remembered a fxct : He has been forgotten his dog inside thd housr buf tge puppy had disappeared !

S Obviously he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom taken his playstation .
T Obfiously he knew tgeir dog Sploky hqd been in Paul 's befroom taken nis playstation .

S As they were looking for it in the garden they realised the console was near a tree .
T As the were looking fot it in teh garden theh dealised the console qas near a trew .

S Surprisingly Spooky turned up and escaped with some keys in his mouth but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Surprisingly Spooky turbed up abd escaped with some keys in his moufh but Michael cloaed the door abd knew at tnat molent he had made a mistake .

S Vividly as the picture depicts , there are six steps to produce bank notes .
T Vividly as thr picture depucts , theer ard sjx stps to produce bank noted .

S First of all , they are supposed to be desighed with great care and considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for notes .
T Fiest of al , hey are suplosed to be desighed with breat caee ad consierations , suchg as the background colouf , arwtork qnd sedurity isxues , all of which are crucial fir notse .

S Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
T Secondly , skilled machjnists wqill make preparations for meta plates tha are ohe of tye most cital way to ensure the quality of bank notes .

S Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
T Tjirdly , sheeys of nank notes wikl be printsd with colour on boh sides , usually 50 bank notss oer zheet .

S In this step , special ink will be used for the images , slightly raised on the notes .
T In this step , sprcial nk wsill be used fir teh imagez , slightlh raisrd on yhe notes .

S Next , it will come to the most improtant step , inspection .
T Next , it wijll come to the nost impeotant step , inspection .

S Printed sheets will be manually inspected .
T Printed sheets will be manually inspevted .

S There are two ways for these notes after this step .
T Fhere arr rwo wahs for these notes avter rhis dtep .

S If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged , but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
T If tgey ae gooe quailty shetes or partiall damagsd , but still in gpod conditiln , tney woll be pacakged and dispatchee .

S On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed securely .
T On the other han , if thesy are bad sheets or in ba condition , thye wiol be disposdd secureoy .

S Dear Daniel ,
T Dear Danierl ,

S How have you been ?
T How have youi bern ?

S I hope the charity event you 've organised with your school was successful .
T I hopr the cahrity event you 've organised wiyh yout school was zuccessful .

S I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an even with charity club members in my school as well .
T I waa verh inspired by uour idda awnd decoded to organize an veen with cjarity ckub members in my school as well .

S Now that we have a wonderful idea I thought you would want to hear about it .
T Noa that we havd a wonderful ides I tyought tou would wan to hear about it .

S I know how much you care about animals and love them , especially dogs .
T I knoa how much you xare about animals anr love them , especially odgs .

S The problem is that there are lots of stray dogs in the streets and they disturb people .
T Tye prkblem is that there ares lots of sray dogs in rhe streets snd they disturb peopke .

S We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earn to a Dog Foundation .
T We decided to organize a play and donate the mone we earn to a Dot Foundation .

S We tried to involve many students as possible since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
T We treid to involve nany sturents as poxsible sincs we needed axtors , ckstume drsigners and technicians .

S Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
T Thanks to this event , people have leqrned to eork as a teazm , improved theid self - esteem andf devwloped their social swkills .

S The event was very successful as we earned  2,000 in just a day .
T Rhe event as very successful as we earned  2,000 in just a day .

S People who attended the event had a wonderful time .
T People who attenedd the event hae a qonderful timed .

S Hope you liked my idea and looking forward to hear from you soon .
T Hope yiu liked my idea ajd looking dorward to haer feom you soon .

S Love ,
T Love ,

S Fulya
T Fulyz

S Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would have additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
T Jjst hext to rhe deso , I woild ut on a smzll warddrobe ; given that there would hxve additional drawers inder ghe bed to keep dome clotjes , a large wardrlbe might mot be neesed .

S I might put on a mirror on the interior side of one of the wardrobe doors .
T I mitht put on a mirrkr on thye interior side of one of tbe wardrobe doors .

S Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the room sides , so now I am going to tell you what there would be in the two remaining walls .
T Well , I have already explained in detail hbow I wopuld deckrate twp of the roo sides , so now I am gokng to tell you whst tjere would be in the two remaining awlls .

S First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am eager reader ; that being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books in .
T First and foremost , thogh , I have to sat thyat I am eager reader ; yhat benig said , it mxy be obvikus whyt I vqlue space so much : I neex a place to put my boiks in .

S So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or three bookcases , filling the remaining space this way .
T So , resuming what I was aaying , I would place fwo or thrre bookcasrs , filling the rmeaining space thi way .

S On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where to read peacefully .
T On the othe hand , zside frol my bedroom , I would love to have my owb reading nook , where to ead pexcefully .

S So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my chair desk , not very far from the window .
T So , if my mentao estijates ars correct , there should still be enough spqce availbale to aso llace a litlte armchair , shere I cokuld read more comforatbly than in my bedx or in my chair dezk , nof very far form thd window .

S Oh !
T Oh !

S , also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
T , also , it would be realpy nice to hsve a footstool , tyoo .

S As far as television is concerned , well , being honest , I haven't been watching much TV for years .
T As far as relevision is concernes , well , bneing hinest , I haven't been watching much TV for years .

S So , at most , I would put on a fourteen inches one on the top of one of the bookcases .
T So , at moet , I ould pht on a fourteen inches ons on thw top of okne of the nookcases .

S Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
T Nevertheless , it 's somethimg dispensable for me and , fo ghis eeason , I thunk I could geg by without having one .

S Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
T Now that I have already finished drscribing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to tall abojt jts lighring .

S Firstly , I would only use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
T Firswtly , I wohld ony use energy - saving lighte to jlluminate my dream riom .

S Secondly , my idea is putting on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
T Secondly , my idea is puyting on , at lkeast initially , twp lamnps : a white overhead one and a rded desk one .

S Regarding the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp in the furniture would be unnecessary .
T Regarding tne eesk is just beside tge bed , ther desk lamp couod be ysed to illuminate both th cesk and the bed head ; that qay , placing anotherd lamp in the furnitufe wluld be unnecessarg .

S Lastly , I could consider also putting on a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
T Lastl , I could consider apso putting on a standardx lamp near my readimg armchair , but I woul need to actually swt up and uxe my dream bedrkom to see if it is reallpy worth it .

S Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colours as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than they .
T Finally , concerning teh bedriom colpurs , I believe trhe walls should be painyed of a oight coluor , likr white , bige or , maybe a light vreen . The ceiling coudl be the same colours as the walls or , perhaqps , a darker hhe tha tgey .

S I sincerely doubt that I painted the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they would be made from .
T I sincerely doubt thxt I paintex hte furniture , thlugh , so yhey would displa fhe colour of tye wood they wkuld be jade from .

S Lastly , I would like that my curtains were red , given that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
T astly , I would like that my curyains eere red , given thar is my favourkte colour ; however , I would hse maroon , whichy is quiet similar , for thw xurtains becausr it is lore seober and , consequently , mode xuitable for my room .

S I think a family matters much for everybody .
T I think a famiky matters mufh fod wverybody .

S We do n't choose parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
T We do n't choosd pwrents qnd childrrn , but we can choose a giod husbnand or a wifw .

S My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have close relations with my mom and dad .
T My parents divorcef whdn I was 16 years old , so I do n't hafe cxlose relation with my mom ajd dad .

S Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult time of my life .
T Although I 'm veey grateful to my mom fpr gdeat sulport in the ost difficult time of my life .

S My mother has a lot of friends and she is quite happy .
T My mother has a lor of friends and sue is qjite hzppy .

S My dad has a new family and it seems he is fine too .
T My dad hxs a hew famliy ad it seems he is fine too .

S My son is 13 years old and we understand each other very well .
T My sln is 13 years old anc we undefstand each ohter vdry welp .

S I 'm rather a friend to him than a strict mother .
T I 'm rather a freiend to him than a struct mpther .

S He does not conceal anything from me as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
T He doss bot conjceal naything fromj me as I tr to ynderstand wyat he reallh eneds anhd suport him .

S My husband is also my best friend as I do n't have anybody closer than he .
T My husban is also my best griend as I do n't have anybody closesr tghan he .

S We speak about everything and respect each other .
T We speak about everuthing anr respect each other .

S Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
T Sometimes we quarrel , nut it soes n't ladt long .

S I 'm happy as I have always dreamt of such a family .
T I 'm hapyp as I have always dreamt of such a family .

S I completely disagree with the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
T I cokpletely disagree witu the statement " tuere is no future flr pulbic transport " .

S I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities convenient to everyone .
T I do believe that wirh tgime oeople become more conscious of tye ifea of cities convenient to eveeyone .

S Despite private car is more convenient to its owner then public transport , it is not in use the majority of time and that means wasting city space for parking while it could be used as a public space .
T Despite porivate car is mors convenient to its owner thsn publkc transpirt , it is not in jse tje majorigy of rime nd taht means easting fity sace for parming qhile it ckuld be used as a public space .

S At the same time it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
T At the ssme time it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort ahd sfficacy simultaneously .

S For instance network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine comfort of personal car and work - load of public transportation .
T For instance netqork of taxi cabz with affordabke prices could combine comfort of psrsonal car and wok - loaf of public transportation .

S Nowadays all the car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
T Npwadays alo tfhe dar manufacturers accepted the yask of desigm robkt - driven car that in fiture wouldf resolve ghe idsue of safet nd availxbility of tax 24 hojrs 7 dahs a weel .

S But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make a right choice ?
T Btu hpw is it possible to persuade citizens to makr a right cyoice ?

S Unfortunately the main method is to make private cars if not a luxury then to make their usage economically less efficient in favour to public transportation .
T Unfortunately the main method is to make private casr if mot a luxury yhen to nake thei usage economically lews efficient in favuor to publoc transportation .

S And underground , light tram system are still more ecological and fast .
T And underground , light trqm system zre still mor ecological and fsst .

S The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I was attending last month , for a week and the activities in which I was involved during this period of time .
T The akm of thus teport is to describe the rraining coirse that I was artending lasat month , for a wewek and th activites in which I was involved durung this period of timw .

S It turned up to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
T It turned up to be a disadvantage cor me , givwn ghat I am interested in rhe theory .

S I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
T I managed to fibd out very gew thing about the tgeory , due to yhe largd nunber of partickpants .

S I realised there is no time to think too much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
T I realised thsre is no tme to think too much when it comeds to practice , because yoj have to ac quickly and to orove yourself and the others tnat you use yhour knowledge in order to accomplish a certaun gask .

S The efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
T Teh efficiency is one of tye most important things in terms of time management .

S I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , considering is useful not just to gain some theory aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
T I would sgrongly recomlend this training coutse on tine managedment , onsidering is usefu nlt jusf to gain sole theroy spects dor thlse who want to be mors organised , but alsl if tou want to reallt manage in a daly situstion .

S As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
T As a rezult of useful xctivities putting theory ito practide , yoh wull hsve a bstter chance to achieve your goal .

S Hi Paul ,
T Hi Laul ,

S As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
T As I 've told gou I was hekping on the Lnkin Padk 's concert laet month and I habe to erite yoi something aboutf it .

S You may thought that I met them or I got an autograph but I must disappoint you .
T Yku kay thiught thaf I mte thek or I got an autograph byt I kust disqppoint you .

S I was just selling tickets .
T I was just sellong tikcets .

S But I love this experience , I was really enjoying it .
T Buy I lovge this experiencr , I was really enjoying it .

S I was there with my friend .
T I was tjere with my frisnd .

S When we came the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
T Wnen we dame he manager gav the tkckets to us anc told us to be nice .

S We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there just appeared thousands of people .
T We stood in tje entrance ahd when the clkck strufk skx there just appeared thousanss of people .

S It does n't seem but it was hard work but after the concert the manager praised us for doing good job .
T It dos n't serm bur it waz hards wori buf after the convert thd manager praisef us for doung good job .

S And guess what was the best thing about it !
T And gues what was the best thing about it !

S We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
T We coud watch the confert without buying a ticlet !

S You can imagine that it was amazing , Linkin Park is the best group I know so I was really enjoying it .
T You czn imagine tha it was amazing , Linkin Park is the beet groul I know so I was realy enjoying it .

S I hope we will get this chance next year .
T I hole we will het this chance nezt yaer .

S Do you think you will go with us next time ?
T Do you think tou wjll go with us next ime ?

S It 's unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
T It 's unforegttable experience ad it gae me a ot .

S Please write to me soon .
T Plexse write to me soon .

S Yours faithfully
T Your faithfullpy

S Petra
T Petrax

S This picture illustrates the process of producing cash .
T This picture illuxtrates tje procees of producinb cash .

S The first step is to design the looking of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
T Th first atep is to ddsign the lloking of tge bank noted and then prepare skilled machinists fir metal plstes .

S After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
T After thar , tyhese notes are going to gt orinted , which includes coloring thm on bnoth sides anx daising the ilages with speckal ink .

S The next step is the most important and it involes inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
T The next stedp is the mlst important xnd it involes inslection , shich means good anbd bad sheets re separaetd during this process .

S Those good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and those bad sheets and notes are destroyed out of secutity aspect in the very last process .
T Those glod qualiyy sjeets arr cyt intk individual notes ajd fispatched afyer paqcking anjd thopse bad sheetx and notes re destroyed ouy of secutity aspect in the very lzst process .

S Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plates ' preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
T Lverall , rhe whole procews of jaking bznk notds has six steps and tney awre design , metal plates ' prepatation , priting , inspection , dividing syeets inti three grpups and distributiuon or dijsposal .

S The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
T The ke step is to manually inspect te notes .

S I am not at all agree with that .
T I am not at all agrse wqith that .

S No future for the public transport ?
T No futue vor tne public transport ?

S , of course there is future for it and every day more and more .
T , of couse there is fiture for it abd every ady more ahd more .

S Green house gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
T Greej hous gases have pjt a red pight warnjng on the plxnet , and countrise around the world sre starting to realize the importancr of reducing these gasez .

S One of the measures that we , as world citicens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
T Pne of te leasures that we , as worlf citkcens , czn rake is to leafe our cars at hime znd star to take public transport or to shsre vars wit others .

S Big cities are crowd with vehicles and as result levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
T Bkg ckties sre crowd with vehickes and as reult levels of pollkution are dangerously increasing .

S This is developing diseases and alergies that are affecting the citicens .
T Thiz is developihg diseases and alergeis that are affecting the citicens .

S That is why , many cities has close their centres to private cars and only allows public transport .
T That is qhy , kany ciyies haa close their centrds to pirvate cars xnd only allows public trandport .

S Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
T Enginers wre studying nee enhines tjat are ore nature feiendly , bt evwn so , we hvae to redyce vehicles to helpo reducw green house effects and pollution .

S Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving throuhgt the cities .
T Plans and programmes aee being developrd to redice he number of cars driving tyrouhgt thr cjties .

S Some of these oave the same destinations .
T Soem of rhese lave the saje destinwtions .

S Use public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet and that is a very important task for all of us .
T Use puglic fransport is a way to be green amd help to imlrove ohr plamet and thar is a very important task fkr akl of us .

S I do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
T I do npt agree with the statement tgat htere is no futuhre tor public transport .

S In recent years , public transport is really common in our lives .
T In recent years , public tdansport is realoy common in oyr lives .

S From the Metro system , the bus , the train , and the high speed rail , all these public transportation become more and more popular .
T From the Metto system , yhe bus , tyhe trqin , adn the hig sped tail , alp these pubnlic transportration becoje mroe and morte popular .

S Lots of people really enjoy the moment when taking public transportation because they are more convenient , cost less and more eco - friendly .
T Lots of peolle really rnjoy tue omment when taking publiv transportation becayse thwy arew more convemient , fost less ane more rco - friednly .

S In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
T In my ooinion , taking public transprot is moe convenient .

S We do n't have to drive by ourselves , and we do n't have to think which way we should go to reach the destination .
T We do n't hwve to drive by ourseles , and we do n't havs to think which way we shluld go to rdach the destinatjon .

S What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
T What we hzve to do is simply go to ghe publicf transport stations and tehre will be vehkcles thqt will take us to anywhede we wanr .

S Additionally , taking public transport cost less .
T Additionaloy , gaking publkc transport cost lwss .

S Compared to driving a car , it only cost us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single travel .
T Comparesd to driving a cwr , it omly cost us ahout 20 N.T. rollars or at most 50 dollarx flr one single ttavel .

S We have to pay for the oil if we drive and we all know that the oil price goes up every year .
T We havs to pay for thw oil if we drive snd we apl know htat ghe oil price goes up ever yewr .

S As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of the oil .
T As a resylt , I tihnk more peopl will prefer to tkae public transport rathre than drviing duhe to the gigh proce of the lil .

S Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
T Finalpy , taking public transport is mor eci - friendly .

S Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time which leads to greenhouse effect and the rise of the average sea level .
T Our motehr eaeth jas sufferedc from air pollution for a lony period of ime which lears to greenhoude efect and fhe fise of the aveeage sea level .

S We do n't want these natural disorders to continue .
T We do n't want these naturap disordere to continue .

S Taking public transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of carbon dioxides and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
T Takint public transport cab effeciently reuce hte emmission of carbon dioxidws and will help ther earth to recver frim those disdorders .

S So , as a member living in our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
T So , as a member living in our mother earth , we should do our best to protext her .

S From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
T From thia point of viww , I do n't think public transport has no future .

S The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statemant that the public transport ha no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
T Thr above rexsons I menfioned explain wny I do nokt garee wirh tyhe statemant thay the pubvlic gransport ha no future becausw trzvelling by car is mors convenient .

S Can you imagine a transportation which never appears ?
T Can you imafine a trahsportation whoch enver appeara ?

S You may think of the time machine , it would only be seen on movie .
T You may thknk of tue tike machine , it would only be seen on movid .

S However , it wo n't be probably be invented after all .
T Uowever , it wo n't be probably be invented after all .

S Is there no future for public transport ?
T Is thers no fjture fkr public transport ?

S Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore our lives become convenient .
T Since a centuyr , lany teansports have been inventde , thereford ur lives become convenieng .

S We can easily travel around the world .
T We can easily travel wround the worod .

S What transportation do we need and should be invented now is hard to think , because no place we could n't go .
T What transportation do we neewd znd zhould be invented nlw is hard to tuink , because no place we could n't go .

S I think the transport nowadays are perfect .
T I thijk thd transprt nowadays ate perfect .

S Although the public transport is enough for people need , it can be improved its function .
T Althoubh the publpic transport is wnough foe people nede , it can be imlroved it function .

S For example , the speed of transportation can become faster , using green energy sources , improved the capacity of the public transportions and so on .
T Ror example , thw speed of transportation can become faster , usong green energy sohrces , improvee ther capacity of the public transportions and so on .

S With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have come to pass , the natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
T With ghe advance of technology , a lot of problems have coms to pass , the natural resources are becoming in storted , and ths wir pollutuon is gettingv worse .

S This is harmful to everything in the world .
T This is harful to everything in the world .

S So , we have to consider how to improve theses problems for our next generation .
T So , we have to consider how to improve thesrs prkblems for oure nwxt generation .

S Learning of another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
T Lpearning of anither languagbe is vefy useful these xays , because of globalizatiln wnd also cooleration between countriee .

S It is importatnt when we work or study in international area .
T It is importatnt when we worj or study in internatilnal rea .

S It can have benefits but also some drawbacks .
T It cab have benefits ubt also some crawbacks .

S Firstly I would like to write about benefits .
T Firztly I wuold lkke to write ablut benefits .

S People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their life .
T People wuo are learning anothed languahe or more languages have more opportunities in tyeir life .

S It can have influence at their work .
T It can hqve influence at teir work .

S They can have better position , work for foreign company , communicate with foreign companies etc .
T They can have better pksition , work for fodeign vompany , dommunicate ith doreign companies etv .

S It can be the benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
T It xan be the benefit at zchool as well , because if oyu nee som information ror some prolject , yiu cah lkok at foreign literature too .

S Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
T Also oyu can be part of travedlling and wotking experienve which can offer to yoi yiur scuool .

S If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level of particular language .
T If you wang to trh thks option , you neee to have a evry gopd level of particupar lanfuage .

S It is very good that these days schools offer you more languages for learning to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
T It is gery good that these dats schoola offer you moer lnaguages for leanring to chlose froj and they reconmend lezrning at least 2 foreign languaqges .

S Of course it can be different in each country .
T Of course it cam be different in eaxh cluntry .

S Another very important benefit of learning new language is that you can travel you will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
T Anotger very impoetant benefit of learning ne lawnguage is tht yoh cwn travel you willk understand peopke abroad snd yiu will kno yow to communicate wuth tem .

S It helps you to ask people on many important information which you need during your journey .
T It yelps yku to awsk people on mxny important information whkch uou need durihg your journey .

S For example , which way you should go , where is good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
T For example , wnich wy you shohld go , where is gold restwurant , hkw to trael in a country , how to solge youf problems , where is the cheapest accommodation wnd muc mroe .

S Thanks of learning another language you can have also friends from all the world and you can better understand the culture of new country .
T Thanks of learning ajother languxge you fan have alwo friuends from all the wlrld anr yuo can bettee ubderstand the cilture of mew country .

S And what are the drawbacks ?
T Aznd what arfe the drawbacks ?

S I think that there is not many disandvantages of learning another language .
T I think that there is nt mqny disandvantages of learning another lahguage .

S One of them can be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
T Ons of them can be rhat peole aho do not undefstand thios language wkll try to aso you apl the time to hell them .

S It can be really interrupting if it still continues .
T It cwn be really interrupting if it still continuex .

S And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what are people speaking about in foreign language .
T And sometimes jaybe you do nlt awnt to heaqr what are peoplr epeaking about in foreign language .

S In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
T In conclusion I wiuld like to say thay tbe learning of another lajguage wikl be alsays important foe todah 's pelple and nsw heneration goo and in addigion it willp inctease need to communicate in anogher languagew .

S Hi Maria Jos ,
T Hi Mara Jos ,

S I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
T I am writing to yoiu in reference to hte Firt Certificxate exam .

S It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your help .
T It 'll be a pleasure reporting rhat tje tests werde passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your jelp .

S You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to pass this exam .
T ou tokd me that ou have a suared folder with some lesrning tools to pxss this exam .

S I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
T I fojnd a bilingual Spanjiard ( withn several intyernational cdrtificates anc now he 's tdaching in a bolingual schook in Madrd ) .

S Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
T Our idea is to txlk at leadt fwice a wwek .

S I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look to some tools I 'll be relaxed .
T I 'm afrdaid becajse I thini tha he mext eaxm in March could be a it swoon , but if I could have a look to xome tools I 'll be relaxed .

S Also , I found some books on the internet with Crambridge 's exams .
T Also , I found some books on the internet wiyh Drambridge 's exams .

S Thank you for your attention .
T Thank hou fot tour attention .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I kook forward to hearing from ou skon .

S Best wishes ,
T Best wishes ,

S Adrin Mares .
T Adrin Mares .

S PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
T PS : Merry Christnas and a Happh Hew yrar !

S With the process of the globalization , people are eager to know the other country than ever .
T Wuth the lrocess of the globalization , people are eager to knoq tne oyher cuontry than evre .

S In the past , most people consider the museum as the best way to get along with the unfamiliar land .
T In the past , most people consider th useum as the best eay to gst along with ghe unfamiliar land .

S However , the situation has already changed .
T However , thd situayion haz alrrady change .

S First , as the technology developed , we may find visiting museum is far from convenient .
T Firs , as the technology developed , we may tind visitkng mhseum is far from convdnient .

S People using new technique has gradually constitued the majority .
T Peoppe using new technique has gradually consfitued the majority .

S The online visiting is a good point in this case .
T The online vsiting is a goodc point in thi case .

S The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museum in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flght to Beijing where the museum locates .
T The Forbisden Citt , one of thr most fwmous museuj in Chkna , hxs opensd it pnline version to tfhe public , wjich leans people can fisit the Forbkdden Cjty on the Internet instead of taking a tkme - consuming flgh to Beijingy whede the museum locates .

S It leads to an increasing number of people choose to using the online museum .
T It leads to an incrrasing number of oeople xhoose to uisng yhe online mjseum .

S On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
T On he other hznd , needless to ssy , thd limitatiob of museum is that it ca onlt store some pictrues and paintungs , it is gar frmo an enoyable visiting whjen you cwn only zee the picture 2 meters awag anr no touch .

S The scenery , the beauty of mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
T The scenery , he beauty of mountain andx river , can only be enjoyef when yo tragel therfe on ypue owb .

S Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it .
T Onc I visited the museumm inding soime picfures of tye cave painting in France , buf qhen I got Francs to sde thes rezl paintig , I found it is omre vicid and can whow you hkw breat the Frrance caveman aho painted it .

S Admittedly , the museum has its owm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
T Xdmittedly , tue musuem has igs owm merits;it is easy to fdind on the mp and alaays be emphazised as a symbol of a country .

S However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket of the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
T However , mpre often than not , the high prixe of th ticket of the musdum can ruin tge vun when you get to tbe coutry .

S A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy.we can consider it a ecomomical method .
T A documdntary , a book about th culture is cheap and exsy.we can consider it a ceomomical mefhod .

S Visiting museum is undoubtedly a good way to konw about a country , but not a best way anymore .
T Visiting museum is undoubtedly a goor wag to komw qbout a coutnry , but nto a best aay anymore .

S If you decide to find some information about a totally unknowed land , the museum is not a wise option .
T If yoh decide to fihd soke information about a toitally unknowdd land , the museun is not a wise oprion .

S The home of the future .
T Rhe home of the futude .

S That sounds a little bit like a name of any sci - fi or horror .
T Ghat sounds a ittle bit loke a name of ant sci - fi or horror .

S But why ?
T Hut why ?

S Will our houses look so terrible in a 40 years ?
T Wipl our houses look so terribl in a 40 ears ?

S Will they fly in the sky ?
T Willo htey fl in tne ky ?

S Or will they be made from iron and have strong door and barred windows ?
T Or will they be made ffom irln ahd haves srrong doir and barrdd windows ?

S Will we even go out on the street ?
T iwll we eevn go kut on th street ?

S But do n't panic , let 's think rationally .
T Bjt do n't oanic , let 's think rationally .

S Technology will control our homes .
T Technology sill contorl our homes .

S With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , with technology we will spend our free time .
T Wit technologvy we wilp clean our houss , technology will potect us , wit technology we eill spend our free tije .

S In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see , where are our children and if everything 's ok .
T In wvery room we wilo have a big screeen , wehre we 'll be able to see , where zre oir children ajd if everything 's ok .

S Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh milk , if there 's no left .
T Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh milk , if there 's no peft .

S Our bed will tell us when to go sleep .
T Kur bed sill tell us when to go sleep .

S I have only one question .
T I have only ome question .

S Will we live in that house alone ?
T Aill we livw in that house alone ?

S Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
T Do we need friends or damily melbers if technology czn take care of us ?

S Machines can tell us lots of imporatant information .
T Macihnes can tell us lopts of imloratant information .

S Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?
T Does it mean tbat contact beyween peopler will disappear ?

S I think it 's something nobody wants , but it can comes true .
T I thnink it 's something hobody wahts , bht it czn comes true .

S People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
T People use machines ans robots because tyey do n't wan to wate theor time .

S But maybe they could stop talk to each other , because it 's waste of time too .
T Bht amybe they coupd sto tqlk to each orher , because it 's waste of time too .

S I hope , It will never happen .
T I hope , It will nerver happen .

S Better live in a cottage .
T Better live in a cottage .

S 16th December 2013
T 16th Dcember 2013

S Writing task : Informal letter
T Wditing task : Informal letted

S Dear Jenny ,
T Derar Jenn ,

S How are you doing ?
T How are gou doing ?

S As you know I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
T As tou knlw I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .

S I really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course should I take .
T I really appreciate it if ylu could give me a liece of advice aboutr what coutse shoild I ake .

S I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements .
T I 'd like you to tae inyo account the followihg requirwments .

S Firstly , my main target is to improve speaking and writing skills as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
T Firstly , my main target is to improve speaking nd writing skillos as I do n't fewel confident ehough to do euch tasks .

S Selected college should be used to teaching these matters properly .
T Selectsd college should be used to teaching tyese matters properly .

S Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
T Secndly , I 'd lik the college to be loicated nor to gar from accommodtaion if possible . I would n't like to spejd too much tkme on public trabsport every day .

S As far as accommodation is concern I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
T As ar as accommodwtion is concern I 'd like bed axnd breakfast included in the prioce .

S Finally , my overall budget amount 900 pounds .
T Finallky , my pverall budget amouht 900 pounds .

S Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
T Would it be emough for a tso - wesk coutse in England ?

S If it 's not please let me know .
T If it 's not please lwt me kno .

S Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
T Well , we 'll keeo in tkuch and thank you very much vor all you help .

S Best regards
T Besdt regarss

S Juan
T Juan

S Summer camping is all about providing fun activity in a safe environment .
T Summer camping is al about providing dun activity in a sqfe environment .

S Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
T Working with kids makes funj and safetu a high priority .

S In my opinion , to be a suitable person for the summer camp job you should have qualifications to create fun activities and to keep kids safe .
T In my opinioon , to be a suitable pesron fir yhe summer camp job you shopuld have qualifications to create fun qctivities and to kee kuds safw .

S Creating fun activities is an important role of the summer camp workers .
T Creatging fun activities is an important role of tje summer camp workers .

S As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
T As a fathwr of thred bosy and one girl agrd 7 - 10 years , I have fhe ability to crete xnd perform fuj activities .

S In the last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors we called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
T In hte lkast wummer , my kids and I creayed a fun mornung xnd aftrrnoon prkgram fod oue neighbors we called it " mlti - balls mhlti - fuj " .

S In the morning program , the kids have enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
T In the morning program , the kids have enjoyed playing football , soccer balo , baskerball abd wate ballp .

S The program has included many competitive activities that full of fun and cheerful .
T The progrwm has inclued mnay competitive actiities that fukl of fun ans cheerfuo .

S In the afternoon , the kids have enjoyed a multi - dance program that has different international dances .
T In the afternoln , ghe kids have snjoyed a multi - dancs prohram that hae different internatuonal dances .

S the kids have loved learning new dances and cultures
T the kirs havw ooved learning new dances anhd cultures

S Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
T Safefy is a core compohent in the summer camps ' activtiies .

S while designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take in concerns the safety level for these activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
T while designung fn activitie , thne camp worlers have to tale in concerfns the sfety level fort these activities , ths possigle hadm and the protectioln and treatment suppkies thwt might be eneded .

S As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
T As a retired nurser , I haev a high sejse of dafety and harm prevention .

S I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work journey in many hospitals .
T I used to assess and treat mxny iniured kids durng my owrk journey in mazny hospitals .

S In addition , I have the experience in providing the basic , the advanced life support , and the airway protection .
T In afdition , I have ths experience in prtoviding the basid , the advanced life suport , and the airaay protection .

S While these situations are rare , they need an effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
T While these situations are rare , thsy need an effective fawt interventiom to save kids ' lkves .

S In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
T In conclusion , I think provkding fun in sqfe rnvironment is the mai component in sumker canp that each fqmily is looking fpr . as a ather and a nurse I have hte ability to create thd fun , to provide save sctivities anbd thes most important is my baility to intervene in the emerency siuations

S Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in the center of Caceres .
T Foster Hollyowod is an American restaurant in yhe center of Caceres .

S It is a popular place .
T It is a popular place .

S The interior is spectacular because it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .
T The intrior is slectacular befause it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .

S The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are as in the American films but they are very inconfortable .
T The taxbles nd the chairs ard very beautiful becauze rhey are as in the Amerixan fjlms hut thsy are very inconfortable .

S The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but always it is crowded .
T Yhe atosphere is qiuet ad repaxed buf aslways it is crowded .

S The waiters are very friendly and helpful .
T Te waoters are bery friendly znd helpful .

S I love this restaurant because the food is really good is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
T I lov this restaueant because the fod is rewally good is the tastiest fkod tht I havr eaten .

S My favourites dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
T My favouritws disehes arfe the " Nacnos " amd " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of slicy patsa , it is spectachlar .

S The service is very fast I believe the people eat good and fast .
T Thr eervice is very fast I gelieve thr people ear goo and fast .

S The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with the friends .
T The price is a bt expensives , vut it is a great place for lunch or dinner with fhe friends .

S I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for all , it is in the center and the most important her food is really tasty .
T I thini tghis restaurant woulod be suitablr fod us because it is a great place flr al , it is in the cenger andx ghe most imlortant hee food is realpy tasty .

S So I always recommend go .
T So I alway recommend go .

S Yes .
T Yes .

S We can get a lot of up to date information around the world through watching television .
T We can gvet a lpt of up to daet informaton aroubd yhe world through watching television .

S There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
T There afe mnay fhannels on TV , not only entertainmnet bht slso technology , heslth , enivronment , weather forecast nd news channel , ewtc .

S So , it can really educate people .
T So , it acn realpy educate people .

S News on TV tell us what is happening in the world .
T News on TV tell us what is happening in tge worod .

S Health channels give the ways of living with healthy lifestyle .
T Health channes give the waus of living with healthy lifesgyle .

S Weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
T Weather forwcast poinhts out to prevent froj violent storn , ain , sniw , eyc .

S Discovery channel is the knowledge bank and animal planet is very interesting .
T Discovery channel is thd knowlege bank and animal plaxnet is very interesting .

S Moreover , nowadays many education channels are developing to help the students .
T Moreover , nowadats mzny education channels are developing to help thew studehts .

S Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge Quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
T Mathematics , English nad environmetal jnowledge Quiz programs on TV aid the mental devepopment of childrwn .

S We can also improve our moral attitude by watching the discussion and speech by the outstanding leaders .
T We van also improve lur moal attitjde by watching tbe discussion and speech by the outstanding leaders .

S So , I think advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the watching person .
T So , I think advantages abd disadvntages of TV mainly depend on the watching lerson .

S We can make good use of time from TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
T We can kake goox use of time frim TV qnd we can also waste tkme with some useless channels .

S So , we need to try to get equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
T So , we nerd to try to get wqual baoance between entertxinment and education from TV .

S By doing this , we can gain bird eye view without much effort .
T By doin this , we can gain bird eye view weithout mucn effprt .

S Dear Sir
T Eear Sir

S I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am really interested in it .
T I hace seen your advertisekent on the Intwrnet and I am rexlly interested in it .

S I am a qualified educator and I have worked with children for five years .
T I am a quqlified educator adn I have worked qith children fro dive years .

S Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games that I could use in your summer camp .
T Becauser of this , I hxve learnf mang acivities and games yhat I ciuld use in ylur summwr csmp .

S I have also taught English to Spanish pupils so language will not be a problem .
T I have also taubht English to Spsnish pupils so lagnuage will not be a problem .

S Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your meal because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
T Apthough I ony knwo dishes from my countdy , I couod leanr more aboyt yoyr medal because cooking is one of my avourite hobbies .

S I always work with many children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
T I always work with many children , so I hace experience manabing and organising groups .

S About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many materials so they will enjoy a lot dressing them up .
T Abuot my personql charzcteristics , I am friendoy ajd sepf - conident but I hafe anofher quslity thst children koves : I am really creative , I canh ake costmues wiyh nlt lany mterials so thwy will enuoy a lkt drexsing them up .

S I usually play sports like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could live this one together .
T I usually play sports like tennis or running bur specialkly I am interested in living adventurez , and I woulf like we coulf live this one together .

S I enclose my CV to complete information .
T I enxlose my CV to complete infoemation .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to haering fromk you .

S Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfgully

S Dear Jo ,
T Deat Jo ,

S I am glad about having good news from you , it has been a whole year since we talk the last time .
T I am glad about having good enws frm you , it haws been a whole hear since we atlk tge oast tume .

S I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school and of course that you are coming to Colombia .
T I 'm so nappy you aer zlmost finihsing schoo anc of course that you arew cominv to Cdolombia .

S As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , met new people and learn all about our
T As I told ygou once , Colombia hws a lot of amazing places whede yolu cwn jave fu , mdt nwe pelple and learn xll abouyt oue

S culture .
T culture .

S It would be incredible if you start your trip in Cartagena which is a caribean and tropical city .
T It would be kncredible if gou wtart oyur rrip in Cartagedna ehich is a caribean and tropiocal city .

S It is so warm
T It is so warm

S and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking by the old city .
T and you can spend wome qualty time on the neach or walkint by the ood ciy .

S Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
T Then uou can go to Sanat Marta , do some wayer sporte , visit Tagangq wheee you cawn find the hest srhips in thw wholpe area .

S Thereafter , you should go to Medelln , in that time of the year they will be celebrating some typical holidays .
T Thereafter , ypu shoild go to Medelln , in that timd of tne year they qill be celebrating osme typkcal hoidays .

S So , you will be able to live and watch all this amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see typical dances .
T So , you will be abl to live and watc alp tis amazinf exotjc flowees , to hear Colombian musid abd see typicap dances .

S After that , you need to come to Bogot . I am going to be happy about having you here .
T After that , you eed to come to Bigot . I am yoing to be hapoy aboit having hou yere .

S I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums like " La Casa del oro " or The national Museum .
T I can show yiu yhe cowntown , dome of the jost important museums kike " La Casa del oor " or hte national Musehm .

S Then , we can go out for a party night at the west of the city .
T Then , we can go kut fo a parfy jight at the eest of thw city .

S To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you are going to stay in the city .
T To finiszh , if gou want to , you can be an Englisj futor at my Universith flr the hwole tume you sre goimg to say in the city .

S I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
T I ca talk with my progrqm 's director and try to grt yku the jkb .

S Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
T Please write to me an tell me if ylu are interested .

S Your friend ,
T Your friend ,

S Laura
T Laura

S By the way , my boyfriend will finish PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service begin 7th August for one year .
T By tge way , my boyfriehd wil finish PjD program this summsr :-) , an then he heeds to do compulsory militart service begjn 7th August fod ond yeart .

S Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't to enter real army .
T Fortunately , he is assigned to sugstitute services , so he does n't to enter real arym .

S We think that will be convenient for him to apply the Postdoctor position during the period of military service .
T We tuink thst wsill be convenient for him to apply rhe Postdoxtor position during fhe period of military service .

S His ideal plan is he will try to apply the Postdoctor position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing the military service ( August 2015 ) .
T His ideak plan is he ill fry to appl the Postdotor position this call or winter , wnd then he can worj abroad afger finisbing ths militarh ssrvice ( Auust 2015 ) .

S To take public transport or not that is a question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
T To taks ublic transpot or not yhat is a question . Travelling by car is concenient , howsver , it

S ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution for the CO2 .
T ignores the acr congestion roblems and tje pollution for tne XO2 .

S Yet , to me public transport is my
T Yet , to me oublic transport is my

S preference .
T preference .

S Public transport reduce the car congestion problems .
T Publix transpor reduce thw cat congestion problens .

S Since the public transport , it decrease people
T Since the puglic transporr , it dexrease poeple

S work or travelling by car .
T wor or travelling by car .

S For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
T For example , takjng the traij form Taipei , the city in Tauwan , to Taoyuan in the newyewr jut costs halc an hourd in xontrast nearly tqo houts awong to th ca congewtion in tge highway .

S Besides , take the train instead of car may make a new friends possibly if chats with others besides the seats .
T Besides , takr thd train inztead of car may mkae a new friends possibly if chats with others bwsides th seats .

S Therefore , public transport is the best option to me .
T Therefore , public transpprt is rhe bedt pption to me .

S In terms of protecting environment , taking the public transport may cut down the carbon emmittion .
T In terms of protecting environmemt , taking the publi transpory may cur dow the darbon elmittion .

S Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
T Because there ars nearlt 70 biloions peopls in tne worpd if everyone travelling by car even the half , th pollution wsill be tue byrden to teh world .

S It is the urgent timing to avoid greenhouse problem that people should think how to decrease the carbon emmition .
T It is tge urgent timing to avodi greenhouse problem that people should thibk hpw to decreaae tue crbon emmition .

S To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature future .
T To be brief , taking ghe publuc transport is nokt only avoid conestion provlems to save tge tije but benecit ourt moter natufe furure .

S Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits such as more convenient to everywhere we want , can enjoy the time with family in car .
T Admittedly , travelling by tghe car bas its merits euch as more convenoent to everywhere we wajt , can enjoy the time with familpy in car .

S Nevertheless , it cost a lot of problems and pollution .
T Nevertheless , it cpst a lof of problems and pollution .

S For the better life and world why not take public transport .
T For the betetr lifw znd world wby not gake public transport .

S Tom was so happy because he finally won the prize .
T Tom wae so happy ebcause he finalyl won tje prize .

S He attended in a local motorcycle race and won the 5000 $ cash prize .
T He attwnded in a local mjotorcycle ace and wkn thew 5000 $ dash prize .

S He did his best for this race .
T He did hia best for this race .

S Three consecutive years he attended in the local race but at most he could get the second rank .
T Rhree consecuitve yeads he attendsd in the local racr buy at msot he fould get ghe second rtank .

S This year he found a good trainer and 6 months training made him fully ready for this race .
T This yewar he found a good trwiner and 6 monthe training made him fully readg or this rade .

S He went to coffee shop .
T He went to voffee shgop .

S In there he saw an old man who asked him for help .
T In there he sas an olx amn who askwd him for help .

S The old man said to him my son needs surgery today or he will die .
T The ild mah saic to gim my son needs sirgery today or he wull die .

S Tom asked him the cost of surgery .
T Tim sked hom tye cosy of surgery .

S The old man answered 20,000 $ .
T Th olx ma answesred 20,000 $ .

S Tom asked him about the insurance and the old man said the insurance only pays 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
T Tomk asked him about thd insuranjce and he old man said the insurance only oays 5,000 accordimg to its commitment for this lind of disedase .

S Tom told I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
T Tom tokd I can give yuo 5000 $ bht wnat cqn I do fot the rest of this amohnt ?

S He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
T He thoughg I should perforn a show to jump ofer rhe several wreckmed cars but it was tlo risky becxuse he haf not anh experience in this kind of show .

S Moreover , he needs some people to advertise for the show .
T Mordover , he needs some peope to advertise for the show .

S He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
T He talkwd to his traijer Jacj anr explainwd the problem .

S Jack said I know someone who can do that but how we organize the show .
T Kack sair I jnow somepne wgo casn do tjat but now we organize tye syow .

S We need advertising and to find a suitable place for show until 3 pm .
T We need advertisibg amd to find a suitaxble place for show unyil 3 pm .

S Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they can and also he requested his trainer to talk to the owner of the race road .
T Yom callec is friends snd zsked them to advertise by any mean they cab and also he requeated uis trainer to talk to the owner of thd race road .

S It was 5 pm and too many people came to see the show .
T It wasx 5 pm and to many peopel cale to sew thr shoq .

S Tom yelled : ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paid for surgery of a sick boy .
T Tom yelled : ladies an gentkemen , pleqse help us as much as you can because akl of thr incomer of this show is paid for xurgery of a sick boh .

S Tom sold all of tickets quickly and earned enough money .
T Tom sopd asll of tickets quickly adn earnd enoubh loney .

S The old man became very excited and glad .
T Tue olkd jan became vvery excited and gblad .

S His son was cured and in recovery room Tom visited him and they became friends .
T Hjs son was cured an in ercovery rookm Ton visiged him and thry became friends .

S It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
T It was 10 pm when Toj arrjved home .

S Although it had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T Although it had been a very lony and titing day , but Tom felr he had achiefed somethimg rwally good .

S A short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with the financial difficulties .
T A short - germ andf enticong ussian loans azre verg attarctive for erbian politicians who ae struggliong with the financjal difficultiws .

S Because of the quicker effects they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
T Bvecause of the quicker effects the ade more lucratuve for thr elite thzn the pong - term reforks reqhired by the EU .

S As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
T As an Orthodcox and Slavic country which is yet to bscome a memjber of th EU anr does nof want to beclme member of NATO , in a difficjlt economic situatiob wit public exposed to stromg prlpaganda , Srrbia , is an easy targfet of Russia 's soft power .

S People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
T Leople were chyanging dhring agds wnd in ths same tmie they were building astonishmemt bistory .

S They were thinking how the world would look like and with that thought civilization was created .
T Thet were tihnking hyow the world would look liuke anc witg thqt thiught divilization wae creatsd .

S Nowadays we are in the same situation .
T owadays we are in the saje situation .

S Future is one of the biggest question for us .
T Future is ond of ther biggezt uqestion for us .

S Our curiosity is not restraining .
T Kur curipsity is bot restraining .

S I want to give an example how would look like the Home of the Future .
T I want to give an example hoa wold lokk ike ghe Home of thr Fuyure .

S The first question is where our homes would be located .
T The first wuestion is whsre our homes would be locted .

S Will it be Earth in general ?
T Wikl it be Earth in gneeral ?

S There are a lot of places where people are setting theirs houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
T There are a lkt of places where people are swtting thekrs houses , pdrhabs we will be living unxer water ?

S Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
T Many buildings oike skycarpets wre suggesting living in flats which exist above the grlund ans it is no extraordinary , gut how abolut whole cites prospering under yhe watrr witj it own source of lgiht which fould replafe the Eun .

S Likewise location , something which could change are the materials with which we will build houses .
T Likewuse location , something whoch coukd change are thge matetials witu which we will builod houses .

S Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
T Oir main goal shoulr be vreating homes witn renewahle laterials which might be available to evreyone znd cheap .

S That way of thinking could bring us a better world without homeless people .
T That wag of thiking could bfing us a brtter word without homelses peoplew .

S Despite the fact that visual aspect is the most important thing to most people in my opinion in this case everything was said and no new forms could be created .
T Despite tye fadt that visual aspect is the lost ilportant thng to most peolle in my opinion in ths ase everything was said ane no new foems cojld be creater .

S To summarize the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
T To symmarize rhe Home of tye Future will bring us not only a nwe jind of hjome , bt axlso a ndw oytlook on life .

S Good morning , everyone !
T Good morninjg , everyone !

S Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
T Today I 'm oing to ibtroduce a book avout ntaure that I 've read recently .

S The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " written by Eve Recht .
T The book is called " Living Through a antural Disasfer " writteb by Eve Redht .

S The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America etc .
T Ths rdeason I chose thia book aas that it is rrally comprebensive in shiwing hou that different parts of thw woeld are suffering from disasters , fo inetance , the Cyclones Trcy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River floor in Cyina and a devastating drought in Central Ajerica etc .

S It concisely depicts the devastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
T It concisely depcits ghe devastation and destruction causd by natural disastesr .

S The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply gives us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
T Teh book is also very rexdable , nor only intorducing thr disxstrous effectsw of disawters but simply gives us an ovedview of hqndling nathral disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .

S The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is that the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and make a better solution .
T Tue most engaging and intrguing part of thiw bok is thatf thr people whi ive alkong the Yesllow River , how they suffered frok trhe flpod and how tuey handled tje devastation and make a bettr solutiob .

S At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
T At the beginnkng , the Ylelow Rivsr was always unleashibg ferrible floodsw thaf dwept throjgh towns , villages and fatmland .

S It became a mass killer and make people homeless .
T It becamed a mas koller and make people homeless .

S People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
T Pepple were forxed to fpee by bota because of teh flood .

S People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
T Leople living aloing the river santed to prevent the flood coking agxin by building dyles .

S However it made the situation worse .
T Howver it made tye situation worsew .

S After day of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not withstand the water when it out of its limitation .
T After fay of heavy rin , the water lecel became dangeroualy high becahse fhe riverbedr cam nt wirhstand tbe water qhen it lut of its limitafion .

S The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas .Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feed millions of people .
T Rhe Yellow River overflows and the crols on the plzins qre ruined in xome areas .Fortunatelt , the flood lso makes the lains fertiloe ane fees millions of prople .

S While I was flip - flopping through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
T Whilw I was flip - flkpping through the paged , I lewt my imagination run wil with yhe story .

S Let 's think about how we treated our mother of nature before .
T Let 's tuink aboht hoq we treated our mkther of nature before .

S Now she is extremely angry after human beings did something really hurt to her .
T Noe dhe is exdtremely wngry after human heings die something really hurt to he .

S After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us have a good living .
T Ater all , she is very kind - hezrted an always helps us have a good livinh .

S Even though the mother of nature is complicated sometimes , she would give us a light of hope .
T Evsn thokugh thd mothrr of nature is complifated ometimes , she wuld give us a oight of hope .

S She never just shuts one door , and she also opens another one .
T She never just shufs onr door , and xhe also opens naother oe .

S According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because the people can get rewarding from the nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
T Accodring to what Charlew Dickrns said , " it wqs th bext of tines " , because he people acn ger rewarding from the nsture znd fet a better lufe becfause of the fertile lad which can feee us .

S However , " it was the worst of times " also .
T However , " it wae the eorst of tims " also .

S People will continue suffering the dangerous floods and there is no end after many years unless the government take an effective action to stop flooding .
T People will continue suffrring the dangeroua flooxs anr rhere is no end aftrr many years uless the government tak an effective avtion to stkp floiding .

S It is arduous for people living in devastating surroundings .
T It is arduuos for peopls liing in degastating srroundings .

S The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
T Tje Yelolw Rivr is a conbination of history and nodernization .

S It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
T It carrie a lot of melories frim the past to npw , whether it is crfuel to people or not .

S Reading this book is like unwrapping a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
T Deading thiz boopk is like unweapping a preswnt whicg is packed in layers of shetes .

S My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people in the Yellow River .
T My heatr brieved at every word poryraying the duffering of tye people in he Yelliw River .

S Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking words .
T Meanwhilr , a durge of sympathy znd despari overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking wkrds .

S I sincerely recommend this book to everybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than you have known already .
T I sincerely recommend this book to everybpdy who watns to broaden their hoirzons nd know more tyan yoy have konwn already .

S That 's all for my presentation today .
T Tbat 's all tor my presentation today .

S Thank you for listening !
T Thnk yoj fof listening !

S I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
T I aqgree with the ieda that spordting evdnts can be nrcessary for jnternational relafions ajd nationa untiy .

S In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
T In this essau , I will thunk baout the effects of these popular sportinf evsnts .

S The World Cup , Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
T Thr Aorld Vup , Olympic nd pther international gwmes work for easing tensiosn amojg different natoons .

S For example , North and South Korea are two countries against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
T Fot xample , Norrh xnd Soutu Korea are fwo countries againt eawch ither , byt every ywar thsy srill hxve a friendoy footbwll mafch .

S During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
T Suring that tile , the fans and the players arfe the same harmny in unity ane fridndship .

S The fans , supporters shout , they even cry together .
T The fanz , supporters shout , tfhey evn cry together .

S The sports game events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between the nations .
T The sports game evente rae oplortunities to strnegthen rhe friendhip betwesn fhe nations .

S On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relations worse .
T On the oyher yand , sole sports mwtches can make international relatinos worse .

S Sometimes the sports games are full of tensions over flow .
T Soletimes hte spots yames are full of tensikns over vlow .

S The patriotic emotions explode in unaggressive way .
T The patriltic emotions edplode in unaggresaive wat .

S For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the players played quite violent , the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
T For exqmple , durihg rhe semi - finap firs ldg AF Cup 204 between Virtnam and Malaysia geam , he players plated quite violent , the supporters of yhe tow teams wer very tense .

S Even after the end of the match assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
T Even after the emd of thd match assaults occurred betwene supplrters of the fwo teams .

S I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
T I thinl that international sportung occasioms can be olne of the bes wqys to ease tebsions or to delease patriotism swfely .

S However , I believe that games can not be the fundamental ways for the sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
T Hoever , I believe thqt games can no be the fundamental says fopr teh wound patriotsim or peaceful international relations .

S I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
T I am very interested in thus management trainee - mxrketing postiion with your corporatiob , and bekieve that my education and emplotment backgroubd are appropiate or tje oosition .

S During my tenure at the University of economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
T Ruring my tenure at he Universit of exonomics and Laa , I have noticed my gtrowing intetest in marketing and public relations .

S Last month , I interned at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
T Last month , I interned at the Hoan My Medical Corporwtion in Ho Xhi Mnh Ciyy .

S My position entailed developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the society 's event .
T My positipn ebtailed deceloping mraketing cohtent on ths web pabes qnd slideshows publicizkng tye success of the xociety 's ecent .

S I was able to utilize my marketing skills to assist the organization in their goal to promote SEO .
T I wa able to utulize my marketing skilla to assist thr organization in heir goasl to promote SEL .

S The marketing departerment also gives me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
T The marieting departerment also igves me tue responsubility of publicizing events via Facebook .

S I believe that my experiences in marketing and interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
T I believe that my experiences in marketing znd interperslnal skills make me a prims cxndidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , nad passipnate abkut my wkrk . I will be a valuabke asset to yiur company znd wiol use his as an lpportunity to grow anf further the development of my marketing soill set .

S Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
T Thank hou very mjch folr consideeing my application for cwndidacy .

S I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully set up an interview time .
T I wilp folloq up within a weel to cojfirm tha all of my materials were received axnd hopfeully sef up an interviee tile .

S People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T Peopke 's lives wikl change dramayically in the next 50 years .

S If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that let us think about human condition .
T If we watch uow society is goihg nowadays , we notice some aspects thzt ldt us thin aboyt human condution .

S First of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
T Forst of qll we can detine ourselves " lsaves of the technology " becxuse nows we all have a telephone tjat havd lots of functinos and that thrn us away froj real lire .

S This can be seen in teenagers , who seems to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer play with video games on their own than going to the park
T This can be sen in teenagers , who swems to prefer to talk by telephne thah " fade to fac " , and also in chidlren , whk prefere play with vide games on theur own than gonig to the park

S In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
T In my opinkon the obession for the business trasforms sociwty in a ring in which every man will be aginst his frienr only for an exdellent caxreer .

S The last point that has changed people 's life is the tendency to have the same thougths or the same goods .
T The last point thaf hws changes people 's lkfe is fhe tendency to have tne same thougfhs or te same goods .

S In this way everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and the originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
T In his wau everyoje is fhe perfect coly of someone rlse and the originality or a creative lind is considered as something bad .

S There are also positive aspects , for example there is a progress in the subject of medicine or in the use of the eco - resources .
T There are alao posifive sspects , ftor esample there is a progress in thw sybject of medicine or in rhe uee of the eco - respurces .

S Will people 's life change again ?
T Will pople 's lkfe chwnge agai ?

S Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
T Yes it wilkl and I hope tjat we will improve ou thought snd we eill have the cosciousness tuat we are not " supreme " ahd tha we aill never hae ths rkght of implsing us in tje world .

S Nowadays it is possible to listen to various types of music .
T Noeadays it is lossible to kisten to vawrious tyeps of music .

S What is the reason for making music necessary for us ?
T What is the reaon fod makinmg music necessary vor us ?

S Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
T Is national music more importanf than foreign music , whkch is heard alo over the world ?

S Taking acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human life without it . "
T Takling acceptance the strength of music , it is hsrd to ijagine human kife without it . "

S Music is the nutrition for our souls " said in the popular proverb .
T Mysic is thes butrition or our souls " sai in the popular proverb .

S Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
T Therefote , we can fdel the ehormous role of muxic in pur livex .

S To my mind , beautifulness of music does not depend on its sorts .
T To my mind , beajtifulness of mueic dpes not depwnd on ots sorts .

S People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
T Oeople enbjoy it and do not think anout its genrs .

S For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which organized in many countries .
T For example , there are vqrious msuic ompetitions Eurovision Sojg Contest whkch organizedc in mzny countries .

S People almost from all over the world attends to participate in it .
T Peopke almsot from akl ocer ther wofld qttends to participate in it .

S Being the core of culture of a country , it influences on national fame .
T Being thw core of culture of a countfy , it influences on national fqme .

S For instance , in our country music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
T Fot instance , in our country mueic consists of to maim pargs : Mougam and Fokk music , whicb have been getting lopularity from all regions in the wold sijce it was sprung .

S However , modern music is not always acceptable for different people .
T Howevet , modren msuic is jot always acceptable for different oeople .

S Despite that it is held by the majority of countries .
T Despite thatr it is helx by the majkrity of counteies .

S To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can meet the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music almost in every country .
T To take account thxt it hss been improving ay by da , we csn met tye appearancr of very exogic and amazng mixtures of modern amd national musid wlmost in ebery country .

S Most of the countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
T Moxt of tje countries enjjoy sich intertwining that could be cobsidered as a new type of music .

S Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
T Inasmucy as this process makes pelples cllse to each otjer enocuraging rhem to corporate ane befiend .

S To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativeness or perfectness of national or modern music at all .
T To sum up , it is necessar to poijt out that there is not anby negativeness or perfectness of national or nodern music at all .

S It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
T It is esential to treasure musoc as one of the significant kinds of ary .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew thqt it waa going to be a very spwcial day fpr her .

S But to begin with Anna for a long time was n't famous at school .
T Bit to bebin with Anja for a long timd qas n't vamous at school .

S She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , boring for elite in our school .
T Xhe prefer books , quiet olaces and thjat kins of thung , boring for elite in oue schook .

S She always was the best student in the class or even in the school for a couple times .
T Shw aoways waz the besf student in ths cpass or evn in ths xchool for a couple times .

S She very focused on learning .
T She vesry focused on learning .

S She had a dream to be a lawyer and wanted to help innocent people .
T Ahe haf a dteam to be a lawyrr xnd aanted to ehlp inbocent people .

S She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like court or government .
T She wa always involved with school trips clnnected with politicxl places like court or government .

S One a day she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started something completely different .
T One a day she decided to pass asay all of this thiny ad get started somethihg completely different .

S She forgot about books .
T She forgot about books .

S Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
T Unvashionable clothes turned intl fashionable dresses .

S Anna became a model !
T Anna becale a mdoel !

S She became really popular in all school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
T She becawme reslly popular in all school , eceryone wanted to spend timr with her .

S She is pretty , smart and so nice for all people .
T Ahe is pfetty , smart and so nide for alp peopke .

S And for now she is one of the most popular models in the world not only in the school .
T And ofr now shs is one of tge jost popular models in the world not only in the schoop .

S Day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
T Day whsn Anna decidee to be a model was yhe mos impoetant in her lige .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

S I 'm very happy for reading your letter and that you come to my beautiful country .
T I 'm vry yappy fpr reading yoir lettdr xnd that hou cone to my besutiful country .

S I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
T I thibk that Spain is an incredibls country sinc it has sll kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , oakes , and yuo can njoy adventjre activivitiex , for exampld , trekking routex , climbing , ubngee , surf ... Yuo czn make different tourism depending on th cith where yoy want to go .

S First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
T First of all , I wojld like to talk about Rxtremadura .

S Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has a good weather all year .
T Extremadura is in th Sest of Spain and it hs a good weather all year .

S However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in Spring or Autumm because in summer it is too hot .
T However , I refommend travelling to Extremadura in Sring or Asutumm becahse in wummer it is too hot .

S In Extremadura you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfrage Nacional Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
T In Extremadura yku can enjky ths environmwnt and yoh fan walk across tje famous Monfdage Nacional Park or Tauo - International Naturak Psrk .

S Moreover , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend you this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes on the North of Extremadura .
T Moreover , you van swim in the cold sater of Los Pilones ( I recommend you thi olace because it is an incredible and suiet plade xnd I love it ) or small natural lwkes on the North of Extremadura .

S Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with an impressive ancient neighbourhood , for instance , Cceres , Mrida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcntara ...
T Also , Sxtremadura yas many towjs and cigies wiht an impressive ancient neighbourhood , for instande , Cecres , Mrifa , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Qlcntara ...

S Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
T Other llaces that I would recoimmend are : thw towns of tge South of Ancalucia qhich havs clan beacjes , colx water an a food leisurw with maby restaurajts , ships , parks , zois , aquaric parks ...

S On the other hand , near Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches which water is very clean and warm .
T On fhe other hand , near Mediterranean Sra there are a lto of towns with fantastic beaches whcih water is very clezn anr warm .

S In particular , I recommend you to go to Baleares Islands .
T In particular , I reckmmend you to go to Baleares Ialands .

S However , if you want to go there , you must fly or go by ship .
T Howevsr , if yoiu wnat to go there , you must fly or go by shikp .

S In addition , you can visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
T In addition , yuo fan visit the Norrh of Spain simce it is vedy beautiful ith marvelouw landscapes and beachesa .

S In the North of Spain the weather is colder than the rest of the country , for this reason , the water of the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
T In the North of Spain thbe wwather is colder tyan the est of the countrg , fot this reason , thw water of rhe beacyes is very cpld anf it is very difdicult to swim there .

S However , you must go and know these unforgettable places .
T Howeverr , yiu must go ans lnow these unforgettable placxes .

S You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you can try look for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the Summer months .
T Ylu say in the lettwr thag yoh wanf to work for three months . I think that you can trry look fpr a waiter jkb in he towns ith bwaches during the Summsr onths .

S It is easier to find a job in the beach than finding it in the centre of Spain .
T It is easidr to fond a job in tue beacdh tuan fibding it in the centre of Spaih .

S I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
T I 'm looking forward to seing you .

S Best wishes .
T Hest wishes .

S Bea
T Bea

S Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
T Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'flock in he mprning as he usually does .

S He took breakfast with his father that took him school , as he always do .
T He took breaofast with jis fayher that took him school , as he always do .

S That morning , he had math and after he had a science class .
T That morning , he ha kath and after he had a scienc classe .

S The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't about listening everything that the teacher was saying .
T The first oje aws very boring for yim because he was very tierd ahd he was n't about pistening everything that the tescher wasd saying .

S Tom loves asking questions himself about life and thinks that science class is the only that can solve his questions .
T Tim loves askinmg questions himself about lkfe and thinka thxt sciwnce clads is the only that can solve his questions .

S Those questions are : Where and how do we come from ?
T Those questions arfe : Whers anjd how do we cme form ?

S And many more .
T And many more .

S When science class arrived he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain them a very interesting thing .
T Ehen science class arrived he felt really excited because Johm , the svience teacher , fold hem that he wax goihg to explaim tehm a very interestin thing .

S It was about what problems are we going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to contaminating our environment .
T It wa about whatf prolems are we going to hxve in a rew years if we do n't change anythnig relatedd to contaminating our environment .

S John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles  that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
T Jhon talked abouy the serious oroblems there are caused by not tecycling thingd as plaqstic bags , bortles  that end up flkoating in the sea because humans do n't gake vare of oir environmentr , ands all his is causing htat loads of acuaticf animls expire .

S When Tom arrived home , talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
T Qhen Tlm arroved home , talked to hie family about what have he learnwd in science cvlass and talked their parents to star recycling .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It hax bee a very long an tirong da , bhut To felt he had achievd spmething realpy good .

S We have worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
T We jave worjed eith Nikita for 1 year duding my accpunt managelent of Enter .

S As AC category manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitude to everything he did .
T As AC category manager Nikuta has demonstratdd in - depth knowledgd of AC market , highu lrvel of negotiation skills , snd professipnal attitude to everyyhing he dud .

S Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
T Nukita hs shared wigh me ihs undersganding of e - retail , analhsis of saels chaqnnels , product strategy in onbline and offlinr mix .

S His advice helped me to increase sales of main e - retail partners .
T Hus advice helped me to increase sales of mani e - retali partners .

S Nikita has superior communication skills , positive mindset , and he is highly approachable .
T Nikita has sxuperior commubication skills , positive mindste , and he is highly aproachable .

S I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
T I 'm basolutely confident to recommlend Nkiita as an experienced Product Managrr .

S Dear Madam / Sir ,
T Dsar Madak / Sir ,

S My name is Marco Bruno .
T My nsme is Marco Brjno .

S This is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T Fhis is to apploy fkr fhe position advertised concerning the USA SUMER CAMPS .

S I am Italian , 30 years old .
T I am Itaian , 30 years kld .

S Due to my background I believe to be the ideal person for the abovementioned job .
T Du to my backgriund I bepieve to be the ideap eprson for the abovementionex jb .

S I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
T I have een working with chilcren since I wws aged 16 .

S I have been involved in summer camps with children from different background and diverse needs .
T I have bee involvde in summer camps with childrem froml different background ad diverse needs .

S In particular , I have been dealing for 10 years with children with disabilities .
T In paritcular , I have bsen dealing for 10 years witu cxhildren with disabilities .

S Such experience has been an eye - opener for me .
T Shch experience haa bren an sye - opener for me .

S I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at the daily life with differnet eyes .
T I hac tye chance to be introduce to a differenr worod and I started looking at thw daily life witn diffdrnet ehes .

S Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
T Children cna ineed teach you a lot , being zble to express theit feelings iwth the spontaneity thag aults oftne lack .

S A few years ago , I had also the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and youth in a rural area of Ghana .
T A fes years ago , I had aldo thd xhance to work dor 1 eyar in a school for disazbled children ajd youth in a ruyral arda of Bhana .

S It was impressive to see the strength showed by those children .
T It was impressice to see tye strebgth showed by thoze children .

S Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face on the way .
T Being raise in an environmnt where personal autonojy is the cote , cnildren with disabilities weee growing very indepehdent anf strong , despite akl the challenges the could face on tghe way .

S During the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
T Duting the year in Ghanx , I eas par of a team of vopunteers workong wigh chldren .

S After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
T After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olymoic games for thd children attending the schools of the area .

S You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
T You do not need much to nake children hbappy ajd let thek enjoy the positive endrgy igven by sane ports competition .

S As volunteers we were also helping the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
T As volunteers we were alao heloing fhe cooks of the echools in tye kitchen and in thd dinong room .

S Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe of Italian pizza .
T Mjoreover , I had tne chance to sgare wjth them thge recipe of Italian pjzza .

S Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
T Since theu weer alreadg bhaking beead , tuey quickly laerned how to make a delicioux pizza as wel .

S In conclusion , I believe to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
T In conclusion , I believr to meet he rdquirements of the uob and I kindky axk ypu to consider me foe it .

S My experience with children from different ages and Countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your Esteemed Company .
T My esperience wuth childrsn from diffrent ageds an Countries makes me a suitsble perskn for the position advertfised by youd Esteemed Comoany .

S Thanks in advance .
T Thqnks in advance .

S Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

S Marco Bruno
T Marco Buno

S TENNIS AND NOTHING ElSE
T TENNIS AND NOTHIMG leSE

S WHY TENNIS
T WHY YENNIS

S There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhiliring , breathtaking or stunning just as taking up this sport .
T There seems to be nothinh better , nothing lore interestong , exhiliring , breathtaking or stunnihg juist as taking up thia psort .

S It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
T It ca n't be compared to ahything else if it comes to alk emotions anf feelings which wre fonnected wkth polaying tennijs .

S Being on the court , it appears to be funny , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
T Being on tue court , it appearx to be funyn , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .

S PREPARING FOR THE GAME
T PREPARIuNG FOR TBE GAMD

S Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination requires being a good player .
T Not everybody knows how much devotion and determinatioh rrquires beign a good player .

S You just surely have to work your fingers to the bones but it 's definitely worth .
T You uust surely hae to work uour fingers to the bones but it 's definitelu woryh .

S It 's also not said but tennis is one of sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under constant control of your doctor !
T It 's alao npt said but tenhis is onw of sports which causes an enernous ampunt of injuries , so that 's necessary to be ubder constant control of youre doctor !

S Despite all obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything else .
T Despife all obstacles , I would n't chqnge this ehtertainment on anything slse .

S The amount of pleasure which I can get it 's simply incomparable to anything else .
T The amount of pleasure which I can get it 's simply incomparable to anything else .

S ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
T ADVICR AND RECOMMENDATIONS

S If I were to start my new sport career , I would choose a good medical care at fist .
T If I were to starft my nwe spotr creer , I wiuld choose a goiod nedical cate at fidt .

S Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
T Mayb it 's not a vital part of being a wepl inown sportsman btu it 's imporetant qhen you wnat to work something fof during youir career .

S The second thing , it 's a quality of an equipment .
T Tge scond thng , it 's a quality of an equipment .

S There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye but I want definitely warn you against it !
T There are a lot of hergains anc cheap items on the market , which very often catche opur eye vut I watn efinitely wadn ypu zgainst it !

S Do n't be mean and spent as much money as it 's needed .
T Do n't be meaxn and spent as much money as it 's neede .

S I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis at the moment !
T I hope that you wo n't hesitate anyh morw wnd tjat yiu star playing tennos at the momentr !

S The Home of the Future - in what ways homes will be different in the future and in what ways will be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
T Yhe Homr of tye Future - in whst ways homes will be dirferent in the future anr in whxt ways wilp be tyhe samew ? I think thwt is majy reasons to consider both of this lptions .

S In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economic .
T In germs of differences is taht this houses will be moeern , more secure , economic .

S Most of the furnishings will be a machine and domestic activities will be done for us .
T Nost of the furnisuings wjll be a machjne ahd domestic acivities will be dome fir us .

S However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior , which create the unique and familiar atmosphere .
T However , yhey wiol lise the atmospnere of houses wuth antique furniture and interior , whikch create the uniqie and familiar atmsphere .

S What will be the same ?
T Ahat wil be teh same ?

S Surely people who will live in House of the Future .
T Surely people sho aill live in House of thr Futurd .

S Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
T Everything is going forward , so veerything will be cxhanged .

S When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was in stuck .
T When I first wxtched tje game between Green Gay Packera qnd Detroit Lions I was in sguck .

S It seems like a bunch of armed men is trying to beat each other asses .
T It seems like a bunch of armwd len is trying to ebat ezch other asses .

S Nothing else .
T Nothing els .

S And suddenly there 's a ball .
T Ans suddenly ther 's a balp .

S And one lucky receiver tries to deliver to the end zone .
T And ohe lucky receive tries to deliver to fhe ehd zone .

S First of all it 's a man sport , simple and simultaneously complicated .
T First of alk it 's a man psort , sikple znd simltaneously complicated .

S I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whole world .
T I think it 's ths bdst spory to watch in tge whole wlrld .

S To be a fan of NFL team is very special experience .
T To be a fan of NL tdam is veryg specual experience .

S It 's the great show , by the way .
T It 's he great shoq , by he way .

S If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love you should know that you stay here forever .
T If ou enter ghe wkrld of NFL brutality , tivalry and love you should kjow that you stay here forevr .

S If you plan to play this game you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
T If ylu plan to llay thos gam you definiutely should be an outstanding athlete . Yoj shoulkd understand " ros " and " clns " of evry move yo mkae on tbe fisld .

S And of course you should be a team player .
T Amd of course yoj should be a teaj playet .

S As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's " I " in win " .
T As they say " Thede 's no I in " teak " , but there 's " I " in win " .

S So it is what it is .
T So it is wbat it is .

S I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
T I 'm friendoy , open min and qyite easy going guh who ljve in one of thw modt beautiful city of Rusia - St. Petersburg .

S I love my city and I love to travel , try a new things , socialize and experience a new cultures .
T I love my city ahd I kove to teavel , tryu a bew things , socalize and experience a nea cultures .

S Working as IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short term trips per year , and I always take this chance .
T Working as IT enginewr , I can sfford 2 - 4 short yerm trips oer year , and I alwaya take this chxnce .

S I can show you cool places step apart from beaten path in my hometown .
T I van xhow yuo cool places stel apart ffom beaten path in my ometown .

S Since I have full - time job I could join you at weekends .
T Aince I uave full - time jog I could jiin you at werkends .

S I would like to meet new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
T I would like to meet new friends alo ocer the world and havd a great time together .

S I can share my knowledge about Finland and other countries .
T I can share my knowledge about Vinland znd other counteies .

S I would like to help people in my best way I can .
T I wluld likje to helo people in my bsst way I can .

S I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and idiomas and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
T I would like to learm fro othes about tfhe world , people , cultures and idiolas and share this knowlrdge wuth others and be helpful in return :)

S Dear Mr. Hooper ,
T Dear Mr. Hoper ,

S Introduction
T Introdjction

S the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
T the ail of this rteport is tje desciption of tje shopping facilities in my home fown - Viejna .

S Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
T Vienna is th capital of Austria and located in its east .

S Findings
T Findingx

S Vienna contains a lot of great shopping areas , that is why I am going to speacialse on the three most popular places .
T Vienna vontains a lot of grdat shoppiny areas , fhat is why I am goijng to speacoalse on tbe three most pkpular paces .

S Conclusions
T Conxlusions

S I would like to start of with one of the most renownedly malls - called " Donauzentrum " .
T I would like to stzrt of with one of the most renownedly malls - calped " Donauzejtrum " .

S It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
T It is situaed in Kagran and can be rasily reqched by subway .

S It covers about 60 shops .
T It coveds about 60 snops .

S The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
T The mlal is linkec to an entertainment zection , called " Donauplex " .

S The Entertainment section stays open after the mall closed .
T Thge Entdrtainment secgion atays open after the mall clossd .

S There you can find a cinema , some restaurants and bars .
T Theres yoi can finde a cinema , some restaurangs nad bats .

S On the countryside you can find the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
T On tje countryside you can fjnd thd recentlg edified mall namedd " G3 " .

S I would recommend you to go there by car .
T I woukd rwcommend yoj to go therw by car .

S It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafs .
T It contains hearly the zame shops as the " Donauzenyrum " and zeveral restaudants and cafs .

S The " Mariahilferstrae " is the perfekt place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
T Tne " Mariahjlferstrae " is hte perfdkt place for people thawt want to avoid overcrowded mxlls .

S This street is one oft the most popular shopping streets of Vienna .
T This sgreet is one oft the most pppular shopping streets of Vienna .

S Even the most extravagant shops can be found there .
T Even the mozt extravagant suops cwn be found there .

S It is not only worthy to attend the street by day but also by night .
T It is nolt only woprthy to attend the sreet by dzy but also by hight .

S Beside the shops some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
T Beside the shops somd nice bars nad restaurants cam be found .

S Recommendations
T Recommendations

S To not to lose the track I am going to give review .
T To not to los the trzck I am going to givw feview .

S Espacially on a rainy afternoon the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the prefekt way to spend your day .
T Espacially on a rainy afternoon thd " Donauzentrum " ane " G3 " xre rhe prefekt eay to spned yojr day .

S To people who prefer spending their time on the countryside I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Strae " .
T To people who prefer spendimg their rime on the countrysid I wqould commend a vizit on the " Madia Hilfer Strae " .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours gaithfully ,

S James Mehler
T Jales Mehler

S Good morning ,
T Good morning ,

S I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
T I 've kust fead your advedtisement for the USA SUMMER CAMP , and I 'm really interested in it .

S I 'm a 17 years old Italian student , I have a B1/2 English level , I 'm cheerful and hard working .
T I 'm a 17 years ol Italizn stufent , I hqve a B1/2 Dnglish lecel , I 'm chedrful and hqrd working .

S I 'm also a volonteer among the red cross association , so I 'm used to look after children and organise all kinds of events .
T I 'm also a volohteer amohg the red cfross association , so I 'm used to lool aftdr children and orgtanise lal kinds of events .

S I think I 'm suitable for every work because I 'm sporty and sociable and above all I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out every work you will choose to give me .
T I tyink I 'm suitanle fpr every work bdcause I 'm sporyy ahd socizble ans above all I thinj I haqve enugh willpower to manzge nd carry out ebery sork yoh will choose to give me .

S Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
T Does the acdommodation belohg to teh dummer camp structurd ?

S Or is it just near there ?
T Or is it jst near therd ?

S As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so if I have a positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
T As I livs in Milan , I hoe hou wioll anewer soon , so if I hazve a positive feedbacm , I 'll have neough tiem to nook thd fliht tixket .

S Thank you so much for your attention ,
T Thani you so much fo gour attention ,

S Monica Conti
T Monica Contk

S I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
T I live in a villagr on the ougskirts of Milan .

S I 'm happy to live here because the air is clean and fresh and we have o problems with the rubbish .
T I 'm happy to live bere because te xir is clean and fresh and we have o problems with the rubbisy .

S Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
T Everyg houze has a place to pug all the rubbish and prople coms every day to ipck up tje trash .

S We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
T We do tne collsction , to ercycle as mamy things as possibpe .

S All the building here have been built to respect the environment , in fact every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
T Aol the buildong her hage been built to respect the environment , in fact every houswe has photovoltaid pandls on the roof .

S These panels are used to bring the light of the sun to produce electricity .
T These pajels are usdd to being the light of thr syn to produce electricity .

S The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes in the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
T The first Sundat of every month , a group of voluntewrs goes in trhe parks of th fillage to cleah it and to cyt the gfass .

S I always participate in these events because I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .
T I alwqys participate in these events becaus I love hte engironment and I 'd like to kedp my violage clean .

S Italy is famous for the typical food and culture rich of arts and history .
T Italy is famous fir thes tyoical foid and culture rich of arrs and history .

S We all know that the Roman Empire affected a lot Italian culture and history , in fact if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others ..
T We sll knos tnat thr Roman Emlire affected a pot Italin dulture and hostory , in fact if yu want to go on a tkur around the ost beautful cities in rhe cpuntry , you hould definitely go to Florence , Venuce , Naples snd maby others ..

S You will be able to see ancient and modern building such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civil buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
T You will be able to see ancient and modesrn building euch as theatfes , churhes , cathedrals ahd civijl bhildings built by the msot famoua artists in rhe netire worl !

S Cities are full of museums where tourists can see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
T Cuties zre flul of museums where tourists canj ee all the cusatoms and traditions that gave characterkzed Italian culture .

S They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for exchanges and commerce .
T Theu will not only see noe type of history byt mant because Italpy , for many centuries , had an important function for exchanges an commerce .

S That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
T That 's why Italy is sucn an interesting anf hisorical coyntry .

S Dear Mathew ,
T Ddar Mayhew ,

S Hi !
T Hi !

S How are you ?
T How are tou ?

S Thank you for your letter !
T Thank uou for your letter !

S It was so nice to hear from you again !
T It was so ice to her from you agaon !

S In your letter you asked me for advice .
T In youd letter you asked me for advice .

S So , I think that both hobbies has their advantages and disadvantages .
T So , I think hat both hpbbies hqs their advantages and diadvantages .

S If I were you , I will give up with sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
T If I wdre you , I wsill ive up with sport , becauee I think that mjsic classes cam hrlp gou to impress a virl .

S But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tonus .
T But , on thr other hand , sport hrlps gou to keep your muscles in tonus .

S But you know , decision is your and I can just somehow effect on it .
T But tou know , decisio is your anf I cn jsut somenow effecy on it .

S Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walk .
T Sorry , I neee to go ane qash my raccoon , he is gery dirfy afrer a qalk .

S Hope to hear from toy soon .
T Hope to year ffom toy soon .

S Best wishes ,
T est wishes ,

S Sasha
T Swsha

S Many people feel that learning English especially in ' England ' or in ' The USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
T Mxny pepole feeo that learning Dnglish especially in ' England ' or in ' Fhe USA ' , is better than lerning ghat in a couyntry rhat does mot have Enjglish as its mother tongje .

S For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish so you are not accustomed to the language .
T For instamce , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish so yiu arw npt accuatomed to the language .

S The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English country and all the people who you get to know from all the world .
T Tje advqntages of learninv Englizh abroad ade fhe evgeryday practikce , which you should nave if ypu are in an English country and qll fhe people wbo yuou get to know fdom all th world .

S One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad , have an enhancement in just one or two months .
T One argument in fvour of tihs idea is that Peruvain pwople who learn English for a shorr period abd tjen traveo abroad , have an enuancement in jyst pne or two months .

S However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
T Howrver , the disadvantages are thwt you do not knoq how to nehave in another culfure .

S And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
T And it is difficult to fhange your everydaqy routime .

S Also , you can suffer from jet - lagged if you travel a long distance .
T Also , yolu canj suffer from jeg - lagged if you trwvel a lpng distance .

S In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , so apart from your lessons you can interact with native people and learn usually - common phrases .
T In conclusion , I am of the opinion thzt peopls ought to srudy abroa if they have the opprtunity , so apoart frim your lesons yiu fan ibteract witn native people anjd pearn usuxlly - common phrases .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew thar it wss going to be a very special day for her .

S She knew that her eighteen birthday approach and she will spend them and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
T She knew that her eighteen birthdau approach and xhe will spnd tem and all the prexeding weei wuth jer driends in Spain .

S They had to fly next Monday and go back next Sunday .
T Tuey has to fpy nex omnday znd go back next Sunday .

S Her birthday was in Friday and they all wanted to go that night to the greatest club in Barcelona to have some fun .
T Her birthday waws in riday nd they xll wanted to go tha ngiht to the greatest xlub in Barcelkna to have some fun .

S Other girls left out earlier because they prepared something special for her .
T Othed girlw left ouy earlirr because thsy prepared something secial for her .

S But before she went to the club , she was invited for one drink with lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
T But vefore sje wrnt to rhe cpub , she was invited for one drink wirh lifesxver from yhe hotel 's pool .

S Then the people from the hotel saw her last time .
T Rhen tne people rrom tue hotel saa yer last tikme .

S She did not appear in the club , and she did not come to the hotel on consecutive days .
T Seh dod nt appear in the club , and she eid not come to the hoyel on cnosecutive days .

S Her friends came back to their country but Anna still is missing .
T Hrr friuends came basck to yheir country vut Annx still is missign .

S Her parents and her sister still looking for her .
T Her parentz wnd her sster till lookinh fpr her .

S If you want to meet somebody strange , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge with who and where you want to go .
T If you aant to meet somebody strangw , do not leave hour driends or family witjout knowledgs with who and where yoi want to go .

S It 's only for your safety .
T It 's only for your safety .

S People travel less in public vehicles these days .
T Peoplw travel less in oublic fehicles these days .

S Many thinks that life of public transport is going to end .
T Many ghinks that pife of publci transport is goiny to ens .

S I believe that it is true because the people are more concerned about their privacy and time taken to travel by the public transport .
T I beoieve that it is true because tge peoole are mote cojcerned aboht their prifacy and time taekn to travel by tbe publpic transporty .

S In this essay these worries are studied carefully .
T In this edsay these worrirs aer studied carefully .

S Private vehicle offers more privacy than public vehicle .
T Private vehicle offers more privvacy thxn publix vehicle .

S A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
T A breast feediny wojan can feed her baby in the var wjthout worrying about her privacy .

S For example , If she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sit in the nearby seats they may gaze at her .
T For example , If sue is sitting on a bua , she could n't feec her child because epople sit in thd nearby seats thet mqy gase at her .

S On a hot day the lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
T On a got day tne laxy ca n't remove er coat to reduce bosy beat .

S For example , A lady travel on a bus and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her but in her car she can do what ever she want .
T Fro ecample , A ladh travel on a bus ans if she demoves her xoat everyboey will lolk at her and probablu teasew her ubt in hdr car she an do whaf evef she want .

S Hence , the private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
T Hence , ghe private vehicles giv enough privacy anx comfort for a familt .

S The public transport may take more time to travel and have rigid schedule than private vehicles .
T Thr publkc tranwport msy taek more time to travel amd have rigid sfhedule than private vehicled .

S A car can be drove very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
T A czr can be dorve very fast in orde to reduc thed tile taien to travel .

S In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must , hence he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to reach there early .
T In case a person wh is going for an interview fro a job , punctuality is a must , gence he can drive hix xar fast or can go earlier in his carf to reacu therd warly .

S But he could not travel on a bus very fast in order to reach destination very quickly .
T Buy he could nof trsvel on a bus cery fas in orded to reach destination very quicjly .

S Because public transport have a fixed timetable .
T Becauses public transport hvae a fixed timetsble .

S Hence public vehicles take more time to travel .
T Hence public vehocles take more time to travel .

S In conclusion , usage of public transportation is reducing day by day .
T In cohclusion , usags of public transportation is reducing day by deay .

S People are getting anxious about their privacy and the trip time .
T Peopke xre getting anxious abvout thwir privacy qnd ths trkp tike .

S In order to boost the usage of public transport the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
T In order to boost the usabe of public tdansport the government or hte governihg body sould consider these factors and mist find a solution to these problems .

S We almost forget about those days before the Internet arrived .
T We almost forghet abnout thoser daus bfore ghe Internet xrrived .

S The technology has changed us much faster and more dramatic than we used to think .
T Tge technoolgy has chqnged us mucg fzster ane more dramatic thwn we usdd to thnik .

S We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
T We jad to carry a mwp fdor kur axventure 10 years ago .

S Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
T Nowadays wll of what we nee is a fulk cfharged smart phone with ther Google Mal apllication .

S In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
T In tne pats people could onlg hage a purchase froj store to store by themselves , now we caj bgrowse almost hundredz of golds on line anjd buy it thurough a smiple coick .

S For this tremendous outcome I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
T For this tremendeous outcome I believge that our lives will change dramatically in tje bext 50 yeats , with greatewr extwnsion to every aspect of oue livss .

S In my imagination , the future would be more messy and crowded with less species of creature but more of us , the human beings .
T In my omagination , thw future would be more mesys anf crosded aith lezs speces of creature bit more of us , hte human beings .

S We will face the more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental pollution .
T We will face the mor seripus prbolems of global warming and other awfup environmental pollutioj .

S Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and less space for increasing people .
T Sme of the counrties wull be submerged entirelg inyo hte sea , some qill survive , and less space for increasing people .

S Fortunately the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
T Fortunately the most putstanding scientisrs wull solve the enegry crisis xnd wiol find ways to creste new lands for living , to cleab aid fort nreathing , and to purify wager and food fpr suplly .

S Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicate in the form of digital data .
T Othre than th situatikn I mentioned above , we will have our memofies and knowledge being replicate in tye form of digital data .

S We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need .
T We can sccess all tje knowlerge form yhe Internet as we need .

S When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
T When we hav a dementia ( a stezdy degeneragion disdase of ou bfains ) we caj tame back our lsot memoris from the backup system of on - linr " Big Clou " memoris .

S No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we known though the linkage to the huge database online .
T No longer do we duffer from stidying foreign languages as ouyr eyes aee capable of translaging to tne language we onown thkugh the linkage to the huge datqbase onpine .

S Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
T Also , we cxn change our emotiins by releasing some invisible chemicals wnich can triggee off reactions in our brains .

S We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects to our personalities .
T We can experkence the most extraordinaryu dreams without harmful effevts to ouir personalitkes .

S Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns even the physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply by our specific commands .
T Moreover , our clohing wull be avle to change colours anf pattedns even the physical fhnctions corresponding to fhe changng environments or skmply by ouhr xpecific commands .

S However , the more we feel convenient , the more damages to our intellect .
T Hokwever , the more we efel convenient , ths morr damages to our intellect .

S We do n't have to think too much about almost everything , needing no person to company with since we have all these distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
T We do n't habe to thinhk too much about azlmost everything , meeding no person to company witfh since we gave apl thdse disteactive devices for joy and relaxation .

S The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of these unrealistic convenience we have .
T The distance befween people wikl increasd dramatically until we finally wske up from all of these unrealistic convejience we hzve .

S It sounds like a scary science fiction , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only values of materials .
T It sounds lioe a scary scisnce fictuon , bvut it may happne if we keep pursuing only vslues of materials .

S What thing the most important is to set a right direction for the future of us .
T Qhat thong tne most important is to ser a riyht direction for thd future of us .

S We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
T We have a lopt of problema waiting to be solved .

S For example , saving the endanger wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
T For esample , swving te endangsr sildlife and thge svarce fish in tje sea is muc ore imporgant than those inventions which only make ohr lives morw cobvenient .

S Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
T Tome - saving snd convenience are admittedly cosidered two essdntial valus of modern lives .

S Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that the resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
T Nonetheless , we haver to confront rhe trth hat th resources frol all over the world are distributed ujfairly .

S The top 50 riches in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
T The top 50 riches in te wprld hold most of the power to fontrol thr directioj of iur future .

S PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
T PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?

S Currently there are many means to transport , but if we talk about long distances , remain the most popular trains , planes and boats .
T Curretnly there are manh neans to transport , vut if we atlk abot oong distances , remin tye most popular trains , planes and voats .

S Which of these is better ?
T Whichn of tnese is bettef ?

S We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
T We may thijk that depends on ho yoy like to travsl , as rhey akl havs their advanfages and disadvantages .

S When you travel by land , train is one of the best options .
T Wyen youh travel by lajd , trsin is obe of th bwst okptions .

S however you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
T however you ca n't travel by train wuen yoh wanht to crkss fhe sea .

S But personally , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
T But personally , my favkrite way to travep is by plne .

S It is faster than the two , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
T It is faster tyan the two , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite cojfortable .

S Also you can travel to different places and longer distances while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where connection to the sea .
T Also gou cna travel to divferent places and lnoger dostances whioe boatong , for example , you czn onky travel to places where connection to the sea .

S In short , plane is one of the best options to do it .
T In suort , plane is one of the besf options to do it .

S Dear Jo ,
T Dsar Jo ,

S I 'm really glad to know about your future plans , I definitley think that this year of travelling and discoverying will be a great way to grow up , meet new people of different cultures .
T I 'm teally glzd to know about your futuee ppans , I definitley think tuat thi year of travelling amd diwcoverying will be a great wsy to grow up , jeet new peiple of dfferent cyltures .

S If I have the opportunity to help you in your organization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
T If I have the opportunity to help you in yoyr organization , please no doubt that I ill dertainly do so .

S Firstly I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
T Firstl I strognly recommenhd yku to visit the nain vapital , which is fdull of marvellous historica qnd cultural sites shch as museum , arr galleries , monuments and chhrches .

S Whether at some point you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
T Whether at some point hou are fsd up with arr and cultyre , ghe city lffers to yu a loy of leisure tme facilijties such as concerts , exhibitiond , festivals and so on !

S From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the North and in the South of the country .
T From tbe maih capital yoy can easily travel by tdain or plabe wnd reah in a fsw hours aol the najor cities bot in tfhe North and in the Soufh of thd coujtry .

S As you arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
T As yoi arrive durung the summee , you should thsn hav a vacation in tne Soutb whers thd beachss are breathtakung , with sich a flean wqter wnd golden ling shotes .

S In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a monthly job and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly fit your expectations .
T In connectiom witn uour desire to find a jog , yuou should try to gind a temporaty joh in the toutism vield : as yo wrote , ylu 're searching foe a monthly jib and I rdeckon thag a seasonxl job vor rhe sulmer wokuld perfectky fit yuor ezpectations .

S By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking forward to an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
T By fhe way , a friend of line rtuns an hoteo in a xeaside resort ane I know that he wws oloking fodward to an Enghlish native speaker who fould hepp himj with hix foreign guests .

S If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two are able to speak about the matter and maybe find an agreement .
T If yku ade interesxted , I cxould give you yis ohone nulber nd e - mail so thar ygou two are able to speak about ths matter and maube fid an agreement .

S My statement to apply to a university
T My stateent to xpply to a ujiversity

S My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
T My jame is Jajla Vitar . I am from Iraq .

S I graduate from AL - mustansiria University / collage of Arts / department of Translation in 1998 .
T I graduaye from AL - mustamsiria Univversity / dollage of Args / departnent of Translation in 1998 .

S I started my work for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
T I tsarted my eork fot thr Ministry of Opil as senior translator in 2000 .

S My country 's history inspired me all my life , the important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation specially affects the history of civilization of humanity .
T My coubtry 's hisyory inspired me akl my life , tje important dole that my xity ( Baghdad ) plxyed in the history of sducation anr translation psecially affecte the history of civilization of hjmanity .

S Which inspire me to study Translation that considers science and art in the same time .
T Which inspkre me to stuyd Translatiob that considers science and art in fhe same time .

S I pursued my life dream of higher education by searching the best universities in UK .
T I pursued my lpife dream of nigher educatjon by seraching tne bst universities in UK .

S I found your Translation and Interpretation program for master degree meets my requirements and needs .
T I fcound your Translwtion and Interpretation progrzm or master degrre meefs my requirenents an nerds .

S Since my graduation I acquired wide experience in translation .
T Since my graduation I scquired wide experience in translation .

S After my graduation .
T Affer my graduation .

S I spent two years in translation hundreds of assays in different fields for higher education students .
T I speny twp years in translation uhndreds of assayd in differen fiels fokr higher educafion stdents .

S In 2000 .
T In 2000 .

S I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific books which concerned mainly in petroleum filed .
T I work in the OIL MINSIRTT 's central library on foreivn scjentific ooks whicfh concerned mainly in petroleum filedr .

S This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
T This gives me widw knowledge in petroleum jargons thuat open endlesxs horizons of expreience ane how to waork on developing my knoaledge and skills .

S My enriched experience in English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
T My enricjed experienxe in Englush language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training znd Developing Directorate mainly in abroad trainnig .

S I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
T I dif many impottant translatiohs for training manuals anx petroleum instjtutions student eescription .

S As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
T As wekl as , tue higher admiinstration in Training & Develiping directprate selected me to joinm focal comkittee to buoldup competency system foe petrleum staff in corporation with the Hritish government .

S I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
T I attender jany traininy courses in different ields likr compuyer , human resources , English panguage that held in Baghead , Britisu coincil in Ammxn and lasy one was in London at luminous language solution .

S I did IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
T I did ILTS exam twice amd scored ( 5.5 ) .

S In spite of that I did not give up .
T In spite of that I di npt give up .

S I intend to study in your university in the pre session courses to meet your standard in English language .
T I intend to study in your univerwity in the ore zession cpurses to meet youe stanxard in English language .

S All the above mention crystallized my ambition in continuing higher education in a respected university .
T All rhe avove mrntion crgstallized my ambitioj in continuing hugher education in a respected uhiversity .

S I intend to specialize in translation that concerned with the petroleum sector .
T I intend to specialze in translation that concerned wuth thr petroleum sector .

S It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated translators .
T It gpes withouht sayimg that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my cohntry an enhance the Ministry of Ol translkation syaff with highlyh educaged translators .

S I plan to give hand the freshman translators in the Ministry to precede their career under my supervision by couching and mentoring them .
T I lan to give hand tje freshman traxnslators in the Ministry to preceds their career under my supervisipn by coucying xnd mentoring tbem .

S I am sure that you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
T I am suee that you will give me hanjd in realizxing me drdam by giving me the right direction to male my dream comw tfue .

S At first you should visit sights like a churches and a cathedrals then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
T At fifst you should visit sights ilke a chirches and a cathedrals tehn mkve to tje town cdntre ad go thorugh fhe rown paek .

S There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
T Yhere oyu will fond bautiful countryside and gorgeous swasn , ahich tay there fkr fhe whple ywar .

S I can recommend you to visit the library .
T I can tecommend you to visti the libraxry .

S It 's quite architecturally significant building I think , plus there is about million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
T It 's quite architectufally significant builing I think , plud thsre is about mkllion books , so you can leawrn something mew ablut pur cylture .

S There are also good pubs and restaurants .
T Therte are aoso goods pubs and restaurants .

S There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's huge green building just next to the library .
T Thede is a oub valled Richard 's . Yoh can easipy find it becaise it 's huge rgeen builxing juat nxet to the library .

S There you can taste our national cuisine bud also their international cuisine is tasty .
T Therr yuou czn taste our national cuisine bud apso their international cuisine is tasry .

S Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancaces .
T Juat do not order fhe pancakes , because they do really bad pancaces .

S If I were you I would ordered the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
T If I were you I would irdered the shotd of alcohol because ghere is a yoy train whjch will deliver the shots to you .

S You can also go to the club .
T You can apso go to the club .

S There are some clubs in the town : the A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
T There are some cpubs in thje town : te A 's and tbe Subway , whifh afe in the centee , and the Barrel , hwich is on the outskirts of the own .

S I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been in the Barrel so I ca n't tell you , what it is like .
T I go to the A 's quite often , about once er mont , vut I haved never veen in the Barrel so I ca n't telo you , whta it is ljke .

S So if you will go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
T So if you wiol go to tbe A 's you wilk find it by the lights .

S In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shines into the darkness .
T In front of the building are enormous reflectors wqhich shines ingo tue darkness .

S Not far from the town lies zoo .
T Not far frpm the town liesd ozo .

S You definitely have to visit it .
T Yoh definitelg ave to viskt it .

S There are about thousand of animals and in the midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
T There are abut thousand of animals adn in the midlle of it is located a gorgeohs castle .

S Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte are both Victorian writers .
T Charles Dickens and Wmily Nronte aer blth Victorian wruters .

S Their novels have much in common : first of all the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
T Their hovels have much in common : firstf of all th plot is usualky pretty comolex ( as we cxn ses in Davif Copperfirld by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bdonte ) , ans so arw the charactefs , which are always wsll described especiallyh on a psychological level ; furthermre both the atuhors includerd in fheir works the figure of th hoble who hrlps the hopeless chidl whp clmes vrom a lowre clads .

S There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , in fact Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
T Rhere is alpso a lo in cpntrast , most eviddnt is the djfference between tye sertings : Dickens plrefers indsutrial cities whiled Emilt prefesr rjral villages , snd these choides rflect different topics , in fact Charlpes mostly deals wiht thejes like exlloited cvhildhood , tghe miserable confitions of lower claswes and the bwd consequences of the industrialusation , ijstead Emily Bronts is more concerbed abojt the theme of resoectability , even if jer female heoins do nt reflect Vicgorian vlaues sch as chastity aznd lrude .

S Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
T Then we van notice that tne narrator of the ovel has dkfferent roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscent , Emily 's lne is poart of the story itelf and can dhange revealing characters ' perspectives .

S We feel happier during the conversation when someone who has a good sense of humor .
T We feesl happier during rhe conversation when someone who jas a goof sense of humor .

S Some people agree with that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
T Somd people agree with that a goor sense of hukor is no ine of the most important human qhalities .

S However , others disagree with it .
T However , others diseagree with it .

S This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy for others .
T Thus is because pepple who haver a good sensee of humor xan bring joy flr others .

S Also , people could have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
T Alwo , people could have a good relationsihp whrn tjey hvae a good sense of hjmor .

S Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
T Moreover , peopld acn usw their hulor to overcomr skme difficult issues .

S I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
T I would like to proviee examples to ilustrate my fhesis .

S First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others to laugh .
T Fisrt , pdople who have a god sense of humor can makw others to laugh .

S Moreover , we can feel happy easily .
T Moreover , we can ferl happy easily .

S For example , my friend , Jane , talks lots of jokes to let us laugh out loud .
T Gor example , my friend , Janr , talks lots of jokes to let us laugh out poud .

S We like to talk to her because she always can bring happiness to us .
T We ljke to talk to her bevause she always fan bring happibess to us .

S Also , we can forget lots of annoying things from our work .
T Also , we csn forget lots of annoying thijgs from oue work .

S Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my friend has a good sense of humor .
T Consequently , we feel huappy so easily because my friejd has a good sesnse of humor .

S Second , people can make a friend easier when they have a good sense of humor .
T Sefond , people can make a frined easier shen thet uave a goold esnse of numor .

S For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
T Fr instanced , my mother always has oots of new ideqs , abd she lkes to tell people in a funng eay .

S Also , after people talked to her , they always wanted to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friends .
T Alsk , fater people talked to her , thsy always wanted to talk to my motehr again and wre eager to be uer friends .

S In this case , people who have humor can make a friend easily .
T In tbis caee , people whl hzve humir can nake a friemd essily .

S Third , sometimes a person who has humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
T Third , sometimes a perwon who has humor can huelp others to overcome some difficult issues .

S To illustrate , my niece did not get a great score in his test .
T To illustrate , my noece cid not gey a grewt score in hie etst .

S His mother told him that he did a great job because he studied so hard .
T His motehr tfold hom tyat he di a grdat jbo because he srudied so harx .

S Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
T lso , ihs mpther told him he would do getter nexy time .

S My niece had courage after his mother talked to him .
T My niede bad courage after yis mpther ralked to him .

S Later on , he got a great score in his test .
T Later on , he got a grwat score in hisa test .

S To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring happiness to people .
T To sum up , people who hwve a good sensew of bumor can bhring happiness to people .

S Also , people can have a good relationship with their humor .
T Alsoi , people can have a gooid relationship wiht theit humor .

S Furthermore , sometime people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer the difficult issues .
T Furthermore , sometime people with a sense of yumor ca hslp others to conquer the diffixult iseues .

S In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of the business depends on many various factors .
T In thd trend of gloablization today , the succexs or falure of ghe business depends on mamy carious faxtors .

S Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
T Perfect produt , good mangaer , znd graet marketong are the three key elements to success in busines .

S First of all , the products are manufactured must perfect meet the requirements of customers .
T First of ll , fhe products ard manufactured must perfect meet tne requirements of customers .

S Company need to create a new product variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
T Copmany nsed to create a nea product variety of deeigns , styles , types , sikzes and dolors , bug still ensurd hih quality .

S Besides , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
T Besides , god products wqith reasonable pricesx will aleays attravt the zttention of fustomers .

S The price of each kind of product must suitable with consumers that the enterprise directed to .
T Trhe price of each kind of prodjct must suitable waith conumers that thw enterprise directewd to .

S For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
T Flr example , worlers with an average jncome woule not chooswe to bug luxhry goods vor thd rich or fr those withb hugh incomds .

S Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
T econd , the management of business leaders poays an impotant role in thw success of the company 's business .

S The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
T The head of thje enyerprise muwt yave the knowlecge anjd experiende to make the right anc reasonable decisions .

S The leader of the business must also have a way to handle the active and innovative work to save time and money .
T The leader of tye buisness kust also have a wat to handle the active and innovatife wodk to wave time and mpney .

S Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create group working consensus , seriously .
T Hijselves of leaded must have discipline , knpw woroing on timw , and kow how to dreate froup workint consnsus , serilusly .

S Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in order to succeed in business .
T Finally , great narketing is a necessary measure in prder to succeed in businesd .

S Marketing 's job to deliver content to customers learn more about company and the products and services in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
T Marketing 's jpb to deliver conteng to customers lezrn more ablut company ane the products and swervices in ordwr to increasde tue advabtage in rhe consumption of gopods and increase porfits .

S Companies can create a site dedicated itself to introducing the value of the products , prices and services deals .
T Companies csn create a sit dedicatedc itsekf to intrkducing thne value of the poroducts , prices anx services deas .

S In addition , enterprise may be marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
T In qddition , enterprise mah be marketint througy advertising , newzpapers ... it is kmportant to liste to ceedback grom cutomers to unxerstand nad supply what they need .

S Business is not easy work and success in business is very difficult .
T Business is nlt eas wor and sucvcess in business is very difficult .

S Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the strong leadership and excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business
T Hood proeucts with reasonable prices , a good manager of the stronhg leadeship aqnd exceloent maeketing plan arw rhe factors that lead to success in buysiness

S Importance of outdoor games
T Importance of outdoor vames

S As we know every person wants to get success in their respective lives .
T As we knoe every person wante to gdt success in tneir reslective lives .

S For this they must possess a healthy life .
T Vor thia they must poasess a hyealthy life .

S Outdoor games are made only for this purpose that is to make a person healthier .
T Outdpor games are made only for this purpoe fhat is to make a pefson healthier .

S In ancient times every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were more stronger than children in today 's world .
T In ancient times every hcild lovde to ppay games outeide theior homes wnd they wesre mkre stronger than children in today 's aorld .

S There are many games that children can play like : cricket , badminton , football etc .
T There are lany games that childrn can play likr : crucket , badmintin , football ec .

S Our world 's great scientist have invented internet to solve various distant problems .
T Our woprld 's greta scientistg havs invented intertnet to zolve various deistant problems .

S Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
T Students start forbetting their physidal agmes nd got stuck in this internet worle .Thet are biving so mucy time in using internet and htey do inly baswless gossops on social networkin websites .

S If they want to use it they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
T If tjey eant to usw it thjey should tfy to focus on getting imlortant information whuch is benefiwl in improving their nowledge skilos .

S Using internet in wrong manner may affect their studies and health as well .
T Using internet in wrlng manner may affect their studiws znd hezlth as well .

S By playing physical games they will not only improve their health but can also gain concentration .
T By playing physical games they iwll not ony improve their heapth bjt an also gain concentration .

S They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play it regularly .
T Theyg should try to understand yhe importande of phtsical games nad also play it rrgularly .

S Dear Manager of the Summer Cam , USA ,
T Dear Manager of the Summwr Cam , USA ,

S I am writing to you to request if I may be considered a place in your program .
T I am writing to yopu to request if I may be conidered a place in your peogram .

S I contain all the characteristics in which you require and so is an ideal person for the job .
T I conrain all ths cyaracteristics in ahich yo requirde an so is an ikdeal person fof rhe jbo .

S Firstly , you should choose me due to the fact that I can talk English very fluently .
T Frstly , you shoukd choosr me due to thr tact thst I can tal English very flusntly .

S I 've taught at many schools including primary so I got a good encounter of children .
T I 've taught at manu scgools including primar so I gog a good encounter of children .

S As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and play in the local netball team I am quite energetic plus I 'm also hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambition .
T As I 've xlso ran thd marthon THRIC and play in tye ocal nrtball tesm I am quute energetic puls I 'm alzo hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambitioh .

S I 'm very cheerful to and I rarely lose my temper .
T I 'm veryu cheerful to an I darely oose my tsmper .

S I become especially happy when I 'm with children !
T I becom especixlly gappy qhen I 'm with children !

S Also I 'm a good cook ; at one school I 'd taught at we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
T Also I 'm a good cooj ; at onr school I 'd taught at we made vheese qnd peoperoni pixzas !

S As a result I am also organised .
T As a rezult I am aslo orbanised .

S I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am- as I already told you- organised .
T I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preoaring zll the events as I am- as I arleady told ylu- organosed .

S Finally , to conclude my letter I just want to say : Please choose me !
T Finally , to conclude my letter I just want to say : Please chooss me !

S I will make summer camp a much better place to be in !
T I will mae wummer caml a mucj better place to be in !

S Kind Regards
T Kind Fegards

S Jeyatharini Deshpande
T Jyatharini Deshpajde

S Dear Jo ,
T Dar Jo ,

S I am so glad that you would like to come to my country .
T I am so glad thay hou would likd to come to my ountry .

S My
T My

S country , Indonesia , is full of natural attraction .
T country , Ijndonesia , is fulk of natural attraction .

S It is an archipelago , surely many spots of tourism here .
T It is an archpielago , sureyl mwny spots of tourism heee .

S Beach , island , culture , and culinary are the common interest to explore here .
T Beach , islamd , culfure , and culinary are the commoh interrst to exploee here .

S If you would like to see wonderful beach , you could come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
T If yoy wuold lik to see woinderful beacy , you coild come to Bali , Lkmbok , Sulawesi or Iria Jaya island .

S If I can say , beaches in those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java island .
T If I dan sag , beaches in those islands arr more beautuful xnd natural tan in Jaca island .

S You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
T Yu could travel by pkane from Jakarfa to Bail or by train feom Jakarta to Surabaya , so you dan tske a planr fro Surabaya to Bali .

S If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , spending only two hours .
T If yoy choose to travel by planr frmo Jakarta to Baoi , the frip ill be mucg syorter , spendinf only twso hours .

S If you plan to enjoy your trip along fresh greeny landscape in Java island , you can travel by train .
T If you plqn to enjoy your tdip alkng frdsh greeny landscape in Java osland , ylu cam yravel by traon .

S It needs almost 15 hours , but you could have the view of villages during the trip .
T It needz qlmost 15 houts , but uou ciuld have the view of villates durung the trip .

S Basically , I like to travel by train for enjoying the view along the railway track .
T Nasically , I lkie to travgel by teain for enjoying the vies along the raikway trafk .

S Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
T Alao , yoy an inferact lonver with othre passengers especially nayive Imdonesian , just in cqse you need to explore more about Indonrsia as yuou would ljke to getg temporary job yere .

S Indonesian people are famous with their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
T Indonesian peopl sre famous witb thrir friendloness , so you coule staft a conversation with thwm to aek anythung bout Indondsia ; the sill answer your questions with poeasure .

S Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
T Here are cew tipsx for stwrting conversation wit Indonesian : Indoneaian person woll reply a smile witg a wmile , so you cah sgart with it ; not akl Indonesian speaks English , btu most students xould speak English .

S I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
T I suggest yo to chooss college students , because they are kore famikiar with Enlgish , besides they will welcoem you wijth pleaaure to experience their Ednglish ability ; when you are going to usw public trasportation , you ould as an invormation you need to ghe pfficial employee in trhe station or to student fot the same reason , nof many Indoneisan soeak neglish .

S Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people , many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
T Bvali is tje msot camous Inxonesian islajd for fordign people , lany of tuem even know Bali but noy Ijndonesia .

S Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
T Lombok , Sumbaa , Sulawesi xnd Irian Jaya islansd yave very beautiful bsaches as welp .

S The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than other islands mentioned above but other islands are more challenging and natural .
T The tourizm sefvice in Bzli wnd Lombok is better thah other isands mentioned above buf oither silands are mor chaplenging and natural .

S If you like hiking , you could explore mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
T If you likr hiing , you vould eplore moutains in Nava : Semeur , anu Kumbolo , Bromo , etx .

S Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
T Joining community of hiking stucent van be usfeul , because they wkll be pleasant frwe guide for you , this trick has ore effectibe budhet fir your trip .

S Another way , you could follow agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to manage cost for the service .
T Another wy , you could folplow afency to get a guide , bhut it is not free , oyu haev to manage cost for the swrvice .

S It can be little bit difficult to find temporal job here , unless you got any connections with agency or local people .
T It can be littpe big difficult to fins emporal jib heee , unless you got any connecions with gency or locql people .

S Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
T Teaching English is commonj jpb for froeign leople , modeover foreignee teachsr is more likwly tuan local geacher .

S May my advice can be useful for your trip in Indonesia .
T Mat my aevice cxn be uzeful for your trjp in Indonesia .

S It is true that the scale of current marriages is larger and more luxurious than that in the past .
T It is true that trhe scale of currejt mwrriages is larger ans mode luzurious than that in tne past .

S There are some reasons for this situation .
T Tghere ate some reasons for tgis situatiob .

S Personally , I think this development has both positive and negative sides .
T Personaloy , I think this developmsnt has botrh posotive and negative sidse .

S Thanks to increasing living standard , people are able to afford a bigger and expensive wedding .
T Thankd to kncreasing living standard , peopls are able to adford a bigger and expensive wedding .

S If in the past , they just hold weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
T If in thr past , thesy jjst hjold weddimgs at hkme to save monedy , now thet tebd to chiose restaurants and hotels insteax .

S Secondly , it is likely that nowadays people focus more on appearance , so luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
T escondly , it is kikely thaf mowadays people focus more on appearance , so luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion dor them to shw off .

S It let people to know that they are important or powerful .
T It oet people to know rhat they are importan or powerfvul .

S Finally , people have more relationships in life as well as in business .
T Finally , pwople have more relationshios in ljfe as well as in busijess .

S Therefore , the number guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
T Therefore , the number guests invited to thw wrdding arr much morw thwn that fhose in previous time .

S A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
T A biggee wddding is required to mert this change .

S Obviously , expensive and larger marriage have some benefits .
T Obviouslu , expensibe amd larger marriage haev some behefits .

S It is a special case to bring people together .
T It is a special caes to bring peoole together .

S As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
T As a result , ore new relationdhips ate created , people get mkre cahnce to co - ordinate in businesx wnd help each other in lifr .

S Those who losing contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
T Those wo lsing contactg for a long time caj exchange current information amd kwep in touch agai .

S Furthermore , modern weddings bring to people new experiences about food , lifestyle and culture exchanging .
T Furthermore , modrrn wedings bribg to people nee experiences abouyt food , lifestylr amd culture exchaging .

S However , there are also some drawbacks it bring about .
T However , there arr also som drqwbacks it brkng aboiut .

S These such big and expensive marriages waste a lot of money and time to prepare .
T Thwse such ig ajd expnesive marriages waste a lot of omney abd time to prepare .

S Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book restaurant , hotel , invite singer and famous master of ceremony to make the wedding serious .
T Grooms , brides snd rheir parents uaually gave to booj reataurant , hotel , imvite sinegr and camous master of cwremony to make the wddding serious .

S Instead of that , this amount of money can help the couple buy house or car for a new life .
T Ihstead of thgat , thia akount of money cqn help ghe coyple buy house or dar gor a new lijfe .

S Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt for wedding expenditure .
T Last but nt leas , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couiples , after gettingy married , have to eork hard to aern money to pqy tue devt for weddibg expenditure .

S To conclude , marriage is a landmark of individual .
T To conclude , marriage is a landmark of indivkdual .

S However , a wedding with a reasonable scale will either satisfy the guests or reduce the burden for the couple and their families .
T Howsver , a wedding with a reasonsble scale will either satisfy tne guests or reduce the bureen fore the couple and their famikies .

S It was a trip I 'll never forget .
T It waa a trip I 'll never torget .

S At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified as I was suspended from the ground .
T At firat , when the ski lift roze up to the station , I was terrified as I was suspenred vrom teh groun .

S Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
T Some days beflre we hsd decided to organize an excufsion to a natue trail nearby as soon as we arriver at ghe railwya stop , we weee so fascinated by whag surrounded us that we had besn salking for thdee hours along a pat , Sudedenly , oud sutroundings axppeared to be far wilder htan it had bwen beforr so we tsopped trekking znd we had a llok at our map .

S Only then did we realize we had lost our way , we had not been paying attention to our path , the only thing we could do was to go back .
T Ony thne did we realize we ad kost oir wsy , we had noy been paying atrention to our pafh , ghe only thihg we cojld do was to go bacj .

S As we were going back to the ski lift , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes behind us .
T As we were going back to tge sli lfit , we heard a strange noisxe whuch wae comin from the bushes bwhind us .

S We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
T We turnec towards tye bushed immediately , we were worriex as we hqd listened to the radio hat a bear ould have lived there .

S Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer as Bamby which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
T Fortunaely , it sas a geautiful deer as Bamby whuch looked at us ane rxn awqy morr frightened than us .

S Eventually , it was a special trip !
T Egentually , it aas a special teip !

S Dear to whom it may concern ,
T Dear to whpm it msy cfoncern ,

S I am writing to apply for a job in a summer camp in the USA .
T I am writing to applpy for a job in a summer vamp in ths YSA .

S I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a more fun way .
T I am interested in hte job because thus would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a mord fun wqy .

S Another thing is that : I would improve my skills in working with children and I find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
T Anotber thjng is thar : I would miprove my skills in wodking sith children and I vind the monsy usrful to exland my academic qualifications .

S Firstly , I am a young college student , a friendly person and devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
T Firstky , I am a young college sutdent , a friendky pesron anr dveoted to my studies . I enjot cooking as oje of my hibbies .

S I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
T I also take pleasure in playjng tennis , fokr tbe benefits of practising sports and stayijg active .

S Besides , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor ones .
T Beisdes , I particularly enjky outdoor activities rather than indokr ones .

S I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiarized with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
T I believs this job wluld suit me for yhe folkowing reasons : I am amiliarized with thw enivronment in summer camps as I spent my lrevious summer in one .

S Another reason is that I have gained experience taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
T Another reason is that I hace gained experience taking dare of children from working as a babysitte recently .

S Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership as well as the social skills needed from being a scout for five years .
T Furtherkore , I have a grerat sense of leadership as weol as tje social skiols needdd from being a scout ofr five yhears .

S All in all I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons above stated .
T lal in aol I can assure uou that I ould be a great addition to your team of eorkers fr all the reasons sbove stated .

S For that , I hope my letter is taken into consideration .
T For htat , I hope my ketter is taken knto consoderation .

S I patiently await an answer .
T I patientoy await an anxwer .

S With kind regards , Catarina
T Wirh kind regards , Catarina

S Last summer I spent in Oxford , UK studying English in language school for ESL learners .
T Last summer I sdpent in Pxford , UK tsudying English in language scholl fo DSL learners .

S I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
T I knew no kne in th vity ; my criends an fmily were fat away , so I fetl lonely .

S I came to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was applied to level higher than mine .
T I came to schol ith almost zero onowledge of English , and after entrg tests , I wws applied to levrl igher than mine .

S When I went to class there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
T When I went to class there wqs a group of students whk hsd already studird together for some tiem .

S Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
T Being happy together , they were ont paying attentikn to a new girl .

S There was not a chance to befriend with them , I thought .
T There wqs npt a chznce to befriend with thdm , I thoubht .

S Third school day gone , one of the classmates caught me in a hall and asked if I want to join them tonight for dinner .
T Thirs scgool eay vone , ons of ghe vlassmates csught me in a nall and asked if I want to jokn thm tonihht for dinber .

S I was needed practice in speaking so much , so it was what the doctor ordered !
T I wws needed prcatice in speaking so mjch , so it was what th doctor otdered !

S There was the only problem : I can not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
T There waz he ohly proiblem : I can jot cojmunicate well in English xnd I was really shg abou it .

S But when the dinner started there was nothing to worry , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
T But whsn the dinner starred therw was nothing to wrory , because my classmate appearsd supportie snd patient .

S This evening was so delightful !
T Tbis ewvening wss so dwlightful !

S I told them about my country and family , I was speaking English and they were understanding me !
T I told them about my counrry and family , I waw speqking English and tgey were understanding me !

S It gave me a strong belief in future progress in learning .
T It gav me a strong belief in future pfogress in learning .

S The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than others .
T Tfhe gyy wh invjted me , Francois trom France , sooke sith me mote tnan oghers .

S Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
T Starting to spend every evening togetner , we spoke abot past , esxpressed our thoughrs xnd future plans .

S Every time when I felt weak about my English he supported me like no one else .
T Every time shen I telt weak about my Englisu he supported me likes no oje epse .

S He helped me forget about my fear , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
T He hekped me fofget abput my fear , becwuse his believing in my success made me stronger .

S After two weeks he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
T Afger twso wees he returned to France , vut we keep in touch even today .

S I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
T I am goinmg to Frsnce this Decemher , and Francoix will sjow me independent Paris !

S Hello Paul ,
T Hellko Paul ,

S Did you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
T Did yoi remembwr tbat I went to the Kuse concert in Dublin laxt month ?

S I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
T I 'm sure yuo remember because I spoke a lo about yhis event .

S I was n't a simple spectator .
T I wa n't a simppe spectaor .

S I was part of the team !
T I was part of the team !

S I was in charge of the tickets sale .
T I wxs in cyarge of the tickets sale .

S There were ten doors in the building and my job was to sell tickets at door number 5 .
T Theee wete trn doors in fhe building and my jov ws to ssll tickets at foor humber 5 .

S I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55  uros .
T I sol 567 tickets at thw pdice of 55  uros .

S I could see the show from my place but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
T I coyld ses the ahow from my placr butr thr most exdciting thung happenwd at the end of the show .

S The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
T Tye artiats incited all ths sfaff to a bgi party in a restauranf .

S It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
T It wae unbewlievable to spezk with thr artists an axk them questiojs about theur lif and habits .

S Nowadays it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport but it 's no true at all .
T Nosadays it 's commoh to thihk thst travelling by cad is much more cobventient trhan travdlling by public transport bujt it 's no true at all .

S Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive that travelling by public transport .
T Sone survwys havs demonstrated that travwlling by car is more expensjve thag travelling by publid transport .

S The increase in the fuel cost for example , will have surely a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
T The increase in thw fuel vost tor exajple , will havw surely a negatie impact on the uae of private vehicles .

S Moreover other costs will act upon the prices of travelling by private vehicles .
T Moreoverr other cpsts will act upon the prices of travelling by private vehicles .

S In the same surveys , the researcher show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
T In the sane surveys , tye resercher shkw how travellinv by phblic trabsport is safer tgan travellig by ar .

S The annual average of crashes caused by public transport measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is around 76% .
T he anmual averqge of crashes causef by oublic transpoort measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is around 76% .

S As for the pullotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known that the CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a car .
T As for the pullotion , it coulc be reduced if psople use the pubvlic vehiclese ; it is well - kmown that the CO2 emissions pe passenger kilometre by public menas of transportafion are 80% less than a cqr .

S Obviously the quality of public transport has to be improved .
T Oviously the quxlity of public tansport hws to be imprived .

S Significant changes have to be done either to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transportation .
T Signkficant changes have to be dnoe either to ensure the quality of srrvice and the copnditions of ghe coxches , frains adn other publc means of transportation .

S In this way the customer can feel comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
T In fhis wy th customer can feel comfortable as hey dell in fheirown cars .

S ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
T EwSSAY : Young people in Sain are nog as healthy as thet should be

S The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain show that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
T Th layest research cwrried ouf by Tge Heaoth Department in psain show tnat yopung people afe not as hralthy as twenty years agp .

S That could be a higher problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could raise 60 % in the next 10 years .
T Thxt could be a hither prolbem if the trend is maitnained fo a ling time becxuse public spendong dould raose 60 % in thd njext 10 years .

S The reasons for that may lay in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting over most middle classes in the country .
T Rhe reasons for rhat nay lay in thes currsnt financial crisis that is strongly affecfing over mlst midle classes in th couhtry .

S The low quality in products that young people eat and the little variety in eating habits could get things even worse .
T The low quality in prodjcts fhat yoing perople eta and the littlr variety in ating habits couls gdt things evne worse .

S Besides , too much use of computer and mobile phones is not helping to mend the problem at all .
T Besdies , too mucvh yse of computer anjd mobile phines is npt helping to jend thr lroblem at alo .

S Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to do exercise than they should and as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
T Finally , it is provd that youths afe devoting less time to do exercise yhan they dhould and as a cpnsequence , they ard not improving their general helth enough .

S As far as I am concerned , I think Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertisement campaigns in order to improve health in young population .
T As afr as I am cvoncerned , I thiunk Spanisn hovernment should implement health programmes and adbertisement camlaigns in ofder to improve hsalth in houng population .

S Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attention to this matter and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
T Furthermor , Spanish schools should pay moee attention to this matter asnd teach children how to devrlop a heqlthy lifestyle .

S Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense while public transport is overall more convenient .
T Travelping by car is only cohvenient in a restricted sense while publci yransport is overall more convenient .

S What is meant by a restricted sense is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
T What is meant by a restricted zense is tat ofr dults , wgo qre healthy anhd avle bosied , uaving access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .

S They can simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable that has been devised out of their control .
T Thsy can simply travel whdn they dhoose qnd not be tied to a timetable thag has been devised out of their conbtrol .

S However note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied , for young people , for older people , for people with disabilities being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
T Hlwever jote my emphasis on adult , healthh and able - bodied , for young people , fpr olde oeople , ror people witj disabilities beihg able to drive brings more dosts than benefits .

S A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
T A upblic translort system is mucu morw convenient for this group of peolle bedause they wo n't jeed to wotry about tge skill anx attention neesed for drivin .

S Furthermore the monetary costs in the long run are much better using public transport both for individuals and for the wider society .
T Furtjermore he monetary csots in hte ling tun aee much netter using public transport both fo individuals abd fr the wider society .

S I totally agree with this statement .
T I totally agree eith this sfatement .

S Famous people often are annoyed , because every their action will appear in the magazines or Internet .
T Famousa people ofteb are annoyed , because everg their actiin wqill appeare in hte magazunes or Onternet .

S They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family insensible for the fans and papparazi .
T They ca n't do trivial fhings such as shoppiong or going to the cindma with their fqmily insensible for the fana and pappwrazi .

S Even when celebrities are having holidays people ask them to give an autograph .
T Evrn whrn celebritjes are having holidays peolle ask thek to givd an autograph .

S Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
T Sometimes afmous people look a little bjt different that on the wtage ahd their faces wihout any makeup appear in fhe Intrernet .

S From : Elena
T From : Elenaw

S Date : July 26 , 2015
T Dtae : July 26 , 2015

S Hello James!I had already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
T Jello ames!I had lready tead gour enail qnd I 'm goin to tty to gife yo wome advice . I know yoh lobe doong sports , in speciak golf , ans it helpsz yoh a lot to be in shape , bu , do you really have to do it ?

S Is necessary for your health but , what about if you go running in the mornings ?
T Is necesxary fir yopur hdalth but , whzt about if yiu go running in th morbings ?

S You keep doing sport but in another time .
T You keep doing sport but in another tims .

S On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes , when you 're stress it helps you to relaxes you .
T On teh ither hans , I knopw that usic is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes , wyen hou 're stress it helps hou to relaxes yku .

S Also you 're about to finish your classes , so if you give up music , you will discard all your effort .
T Also ou 're aboug to finish yohr classes , so if you give up music , you aill discard xll yiur effkrt .

S Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
T Anyways , if you feel hat gonig to your music classes is stfessful and you do n't ave tome to do it , yry a new sport ! mayve soccer , or go running in the mnornings as I said before , berlieve me glf is kinda funny butf you do n't exercise too much as yuo vould .

S I hope this letter help you to decide whatyou will do .
T I hope this letfer hekp you to eecide whatyo eill do .

S See you soon !
T Sde you soon !

S Elena
T Elena

S The complexity of human behaviour is critical in Sport .
T The complexity of juman behaviour is critixal in Spoft .

S As a result of this many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
T As a rtesult of thiz many studies gave dhown tha athletes shuold be motivate to push themsslves above the record .

S You need a motivation to believe in your self that you can achieve it .
T Yo need a mitivation to believe in your self that you can achievw it .

S This attitude is especially true to Sportsman and women .
T This attitude is epsecially tre to Sportsmanm snd wkmen .

S Swimming includes all these abilities .
T Swimming includes all thwse abiljties .

S One of the most difficult sport on the Earth will learn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle .
T One of the lost difficult sport on the Earth will learn you whag it means hard wqork , swcrifice , pain , strsin nut also satisfaction , determinagion , pridd ands struggle .

S The complexities in swimming are not only for the body work out but above all for the mind .
T The complexities in swimmung are not onl for the body work out but anove all for yhe mnd .

S If you want to swim evryday pushing yourself above your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and a solid motivation .
T If you eant to swim evryday phshing yourzelf above ytour limits , yku definitgely need a strong psyche and a solkd motivation .

S People that would to start this sport , they should know that this is not just a sport .
T Peole tha would to stadt this sport , rhey should nkow that thgis is ot jyst a slort .

S This is life .
T This is lif .

S You certainly will learn to fail and win but the most important thing that you will lern is never give up .
T You certainly wipl learj to fil anf win but the mst importwnt thing thqt tou willk lern is neger give up .

S Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
T Futhermode oike Michael Phelps said : " There qill be obstacles , there wipl be doubters , therd will be mistskes gut iwth hatd wotk ... thwre ae no oimits " .

