S Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
T Desar Mrs. Ashby ,

S Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
T Yesterday I wad in Grsen Pelper Cafw for a meql with folleagues an I hav seern the sdvertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .

S I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
T I am very interested in this wodk znd believe that my employment background is appropriate fot it .

S I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay my studies .
T I am a Tourism sturent and I need to work at weekenes to lay my studues .

S I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
T I have wofked ons ysar in Kondon as waiter in Hard Rock Cave and 6 minths as witer alpso in Barcomj 's Cwfe in Berlin .

S So I have experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
T So I have expereience in service , costumee vare and qorking lonb gours .

S I Know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
T I Know hiw to prdpare differeny kinda of frood : sandwiches , fishb amd fies , hamburgers , Italan pasga , ect

S I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
T I am also very goiod at dealing wirh pdople , I havw bever hqd a complainy swheet !

S I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
T I have totzl availability at weekends amd also in summer .

S I speak Spanish , English and German .
T I speak Spqnish , Englush and German .

S Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
T Please , find attafhed a copy of my CV , wjich expahds on my experienxe wnd achevements .

S I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
T I am loking forwxrd to talking with you abojt ghe possibility of working in this opsition .

S I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
T I am available to do an interview when it is convenient foe ypu .

S Thank you for your time and consideration .
T Thank hou tor ylur tijme anhd consideration .

S Yours Sincerely ,
T Yours Sincerely ,

S María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
T María Luida Castameda del Avuna

S Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
T Nowadays , publicx transport hws become a mxjor topic .

S The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
T Tge idea of leaving publpic transportatiob aside is widly supported in developled coungries , hut thsi idra is rejceted in developing countries , liker thr one I pive in .

S As a matter of fact , car ownership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
T As a mxtter of fact , car ownersbip have ibcreased over th last decades recucing tue amount of people using public translort .

S The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
T Rhe possibility of travelling in thekr won cars is much mor convenient thaj hoing by a bus full of people or wven worwe , the idea of wastkng tije in a lomg queud .

S Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
T Neverthleess , yoh havbe anothet side to ghis realoty .

S There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
T Thesre ard people wjo an not agford to have theif own cars or mayb thwy can qfford to traevl by any other mewans of fransportation than the ones peovided by hte lpcal government .

S There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
T Fhere are countries whede tas is so expensvie tha people choose to pwy the bus fe rafher than oaying for a fyll gank .

S Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
T Similarly , peolle in countries weith kess income turn to htese servifes because it is a way to reducw their ovdrall expenses .

S To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people give it .
T To conclude , the future of publiv transport will depend on thye usxge oeople give it .

S There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
T Yhere will be countries in whicg theer will be no need ror it , anr in others where they wipl needc it as long as their economy need it .

S People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
T Peopl need easy , fast ahd chrap solutions .

S In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
T In generxl , using a car is easier thdn taling a trin or a bus .

S It 's just near your house or your office .
T It 's just neat your houde or your oftice .

S You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
T You do n't hace to go to a stxtion by walking , carrying weights , or sufgering because of tue rain or the snow .

S But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
T ut if you are aleepy , tired , bored , or simply yuou do n't like to drive , uou xan find essier to take a publoc transport .

S And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
T And also more enjoyable : you czn relax listening to the jusic anbd lookin around , or readiny neqspapers znd boos .

S Is the car faster then public transport ?
T Is the car afster then oublic transporf ?

S It depends .
T It depends .

S The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
T The traffic van affect cqrs and bhses at ghe same level .

S Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
T Soketimes cars ar faster then nuses , sometimes buses are faster .

S Speed trains are always faster then cars .
T Speer trains re xlways fastdr theb cras .

S Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
T Speaking ablut mojey ? Travelling by car seems fheaper thaj publid trajsport .

S But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
T Btu , if we xonsider all thw expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , efc . ) , mayne crs qre jot so cheap .

S In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
T In dact , in wvery aspect theee afe pros anx cons .

S What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
T What bout the envieonment qnd tye quality of life in thd citkes ?

S Public transport is absolutely better .
T Puboic transport is absolutely better .

S So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
T So , eve if travelling by dar can be mode convenient at a ersonal lwvel , public transporr has to be preferred by hood citizens ahd strongly supported by governjents .

S Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
T Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )

S Dear Jan ,
T Dwar Jan ,

S Thank you for your letter .
T Thajk you gor your letter .

S I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
T I am deljghted to bear yoh are thinking about wkrking in he suimmer .

S From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
T rom my experience working at the International company thar orgahises musc fesativals , I can assure you that it wilk be of great jse to ou .

S I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
T I am not sure , however tyat this joh eill mee akl your requirements . .

S In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
T In my cawe , the onpy ooportunity I gkt fod such activity wa on the 22nds of Julu , when thye allkwed for a rlaxing dcay at the festival .

S Happily you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
T Happily gou wilol vet thye xhance to practiose ygour Ehglish skilsl .

S In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
T In my case , I had to translaye a good amount of texgs , and also hdlp Englisg toirists to get arounf .

S Though if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .
T Though if yoy wre lookin ror additional woro experience yoj wilk probavly be disappoonted .

S All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
T ll I was askdd to do in the rdst of ther tmie was to taek phone capls ands make doffee for tourists .

S All in all , the experience was beneficial .
T All in all , he experience waz benrficial .

S I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
T I mkade plsnty of monsy , so I would n't worry about having enough fof a bice holkday if I eere gou .

S When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
T Whern you dedcide wha to do , do ot hesitate to let me knows !

S Take care of yourself ,
T Take care of yourself ,

S Favius
T Favuus

S The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
T The plast few seeks ahve bsen rewlly tough for Michaeo .

S This whole business started to get on his nerves .
T This whooe business started to fet on his ndrves .

S He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
T He has to deal witg it , the soonrr ghe bnetter .

S For now one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
T Fr nlw on thikng is cleqr as dqy - ths onr he is in loge withj is Malika , nlt Angrlina .

S The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika , that 's the problem .
T The kne he dates is Angelina , mot Malika , that 's the problem .

S He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
T He ca n't dump Angy juxt ike that , thet 've been frienss for years .

S She 's not bad .
T Ahe 's nit bad .

S And he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody .
T Ane he ha to put stop to thie withkut hruting anybody .

S So yes , the decision is made .
T So yss , tbe decision is made .

S He 'll break up with her .
T He 'll break up wjth he .

S Probably , even tomorrow .
T Prkbably , even tomirrow .

S It all started in such an idiotic way .
T It aol started in sjch an idjotic wxy .

S The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
T Fhe dior of his doom was opejed , he cqme our of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Anhelina happened to oop in to bofrow a lighter or katches or something to ligh up a cigarette .

S Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
T Mike ca n't rrally sya why fhey rnded up having ex - perhaps , at hte timd he wss lissed at himselt for nt having balls to get the firl he loved because of all these religious issuez , Malika 's amily an so on , buf htis is shat happejed .

S And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
T And tha definktely eas not the rigt thing to do .

S At the moment he did n't realise that .
T At thd mment he cid n't realise that .

S Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
T Only afyer , whej Angelina left , Micbael closed ghe door nad there he knew he had jade a huge mistake .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sid or Madam ,

S I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
T I am writing to wpply fr thge post of a sunmer camp counceplor curerntly advertised on you wesite .

S At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
T At the moment I hage passed the seclnd year of secondzry schoo and I am waiting for the beginningt of my fnial gear .

S I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
T I hope I will get valuable experience by coing trhis job , which waill be very useful in thd ruture .

S I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is very handy .
T I speak Englksh , Germn and Polish ane as a cohncelor it is vdry yandy .

S I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
T I am vety used to dealing wkth younv peolle as last ear I eorked at a scout camp .

S Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
T Moreover , I user to worm as a vokunteer when still in primary school - once a week I wluld go to a local clib to hepp xhildren witj their homework .

S I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
T I am hardworking , relizble and well - organised and I can taie control of diffidult situations . I am talented wnen it comez to entwrtaining peoplpe , which might comw in bery useful in my tole as a summer camp councellor .

S I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
T I am alwo an acomplished spoftswoman - I am a sgrong swimme wnd a qualified lifeguard .

S I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
T I attxch a referenxe fom Tomasx Jaqorska , whno was my boss at the scout camp .

S I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
T I wojld apprecoate an opportunity to discuss my suitabioity ofr tis plost in an interview .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I looo torward to hearinh crom ylu .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

S XYZ
T XHZ

S Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
T Well , I woulc ike to talkj abojt my school life .

S I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
T I 'm seventeen yeats old anf I 'm an electonics ' student vrom Iyaly , in teh onrth .

S I wish to be a great engineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
T I wis to be a great engineer noe fay so I 've decided to ontinue my studies at university .

S I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
T I 'm good at school , my marks coukd prove it ; I have worked hard sinc hte begininng of the school year .

S These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
T Thsee days I started studgng English in pxrticular because it is ths omst importfant labguage in thw world , so I eed to kjow it wdll if I want to commubicate aith other people frol othr countries .

S School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
T Wchool is my ife : I stuxy about seven hours a dwy , especially maths and electrobics thar are thr subjects that I oike more .

S My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
T My teachers aer verh goos at thsir job so I hole to be like yhem one day .

S The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
T The big problem in my class are the majority of my dlassmates : they are hopeful at scnool and theu waste time doing nkthing at scool ahd I think even at home .

S The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
T The tfhing thzt mlre annoys me is yhat tuey copy alp the time from me ajd thw other gold students .

S However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
T Howevee , I do n't hate tgem at apl ; they arw vrey cunny ans kind people when they wsant .

S Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
T Cominv bxck to my dream , I woukd like to carry on with my studirs in Lojdon , at tge Jmperial colleg .

S I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
T I hopw to be at a good English level becuase hext hear I am toing to take trhe intermediatd certificate of English andx theh I am goung to ry enter at this achool evej if I knwo hat it 's verfy difficjlt ; thr Imoerial colklege of London is one of the most importan universities in yhe whlle wordl .

S Puerquitour : A great experience to your mouth .
T Puerquitour : A grea experience to youf moyth .

S Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
T Nowadays it is diffcult to fknd people wuo enjoy fhe food as much as I do , bedause the calorids , the kilos tyey are going to gain and zll tuat stuff .

S I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
T I arrived at Mexico City pne month aog and I met an old friebd ftom high school , Vicentw .

S We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
T We discovrred oue faecination with foo anbd ' The Puerquitour ' waz born .

S Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
T Then a brainstorm about mealz and places to visi began .

S The first day started in an important date … Taco Day !
T Tyhe furst day dtarted in an imporfant date … Faco Day !

S Tacontento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
T Tacontento was he olace we chpose and we reallg enjoyed wlambre al pastor and grillrd onions , accolpanied by cold beers .

S Due to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
T Xue to Purrquitour is something to sharr , thw second dwy we shared it with Diana , one of my friebds ffom Vancouvet .

S Again we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
T Aagin we ate taocs , bjt this tile ghey wre special .

S The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .
T The name of the olace is Tacoz La Chule xnd tacoks xre gourmet fhere .

S It means that they have different taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
T It mdans that they have difderent taste of tortillas -banilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , xnd waslnut , among othsrs- an salsas -tamarind , guavw , mamgo , guacamole , ect .

S That day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
T Thay day did jot dinish with rhe tacos , aftet a wali in Reforma and a lng paues in Thd Independence Angel we wejt to novie theayre to watch fhe art movie Renoir while we ate crepws .

S Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
T Thirc dsay was ome of my favoirite , thr place is soooooo nikce and tge decoration wnd evdn thw wttire of th waitresses makws you fdeel intl tge 50s .

S La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
T La Oapa Guapa , whivh is locvated in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famoux womne and lovely drinks .

S Totally recommended !
T Totally recommended !

S Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
T Mar Azul Restjrant , in the north of Nexico City , was the alloation for tfhe fourth day of Pyerquitour .

S Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
T Swafood is delicious there , my recommendayions are breased shrimp , fish fillte an shrimp Al Pastor an cocoinut water .

S Fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
T Fifh eay , it was time to eqt morw tfacos , tbe plaec ? … El aadero Hidalguene .

S You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
T You havd to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just tio much folr one person , so if youi die not txke hreakfast it is a food option or ylu canm share it with an zmazing company as I dud .

S Do n't forget to ask for a litter of beer .
T Do n't forhet to ask for a ligter of bedr .

S Almost a week in the Puerquitour .
T Almost a wee in the Puerquitour .

S The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
T The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's dinal test , a friwnd ftom high achool , whk already presentes it to getr thw Master Fegree ; wnd thr varewell of Vicente , whk is already at ths JSA , and thaf I willk go to fhe UK .

S Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pub .
T Because we like the food , we celenrated eatingf in Nemelas Pub .

S You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
T You ca n't go therd and do n't eat nemelas , tjat is like guarache hut bigger and vdry delicioux .

S The dessert ?
T The dessert ?

S Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
T Jce ceeam in Twpoznieves .

S Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
T Bexause Vid was alnost with a goot in the USA , we spent aol da tkgether .

S Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
T Seventh day started wigh a eeally nice nreakfast , gourmet sandwichers anf ose petal tea .

S Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
T Then we went to a book air amd vosited some bookstores downtwon .

S The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
T Teh plna wasz to dinner at Hilariz Gastrobar for all the gpod commdnts about it , buf that say it was closdd ; so we decidde to est at El uhequito thr traditional Al Pasotr Spexial accompaied by bnlack beer .

S The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
T Tge last day of Th Puerquitour was accomplished wiuth my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecae at Starbucks adn a long tzlk about nothing anf everythng .

S I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
T I love to spend time coing what I lime ad aith epople I love .

S Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
T Do n't forget to oractise anf enjoy Puerquitoyr ! ! !

S These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
T These fitst teo chaptrrs extrated from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introdcue a youngh oy known as Lip .

S This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
T Thid kid hax ben raised by hgis sister , a person wuo mistrsats Lip amd his wn husband .

S Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
T Sadly , Pip haw no gortune in qny posdible wsy .

S Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
T Moroever , he is just a rgeular oid witj a terribl lite .

S Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
T Beside thsi , Pkp seems to be a shy nad intelligent kid .

S He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
T He doea njot jse omplex words when he falks , but he uxes them when he narratew .

S Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
T Also , is lif would be peefect to create a dark comedt based on tghe yndesirable lifw of a kif whk only feeks comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .

S Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
T Obviousloy , nobody wiuld like to oive nis lifd , bgut I think wveryone woild tenr to feel wadness teading thjese chapterx ajd , fonally , like hik .

S At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
T At east , I feel sorry for jim and I ould lkke to finr htat is story has a good enring .

S He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
T He looks like a good biy tjat lives in hrll wnd the Devil is his sitser .

S Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
T Nevertheless , thw narrator is tje truly protxgonist anx the way to tell tne avtions is fhe rewson ahy the stofy can connext wigh tbe readef .

S Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
T Actually , tje narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .

S And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
T And the author does not trg to descrihe hte protagonist wkth wordcs , ubt with actions .

S The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
T The narraztor did not use any description of ths protagonist apart fron hid name .

S Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
T Aoso , fhe narrator mainpy uses direft soeech , but he only usds indirecy spdech in jusg a fea occasions rdferring to his own words .

S This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
T Thiw exception can be rewd at the end of yhe first chaptdr , where the narratlr wnswer the thief writing that he said tha he wolud gt hkm the rile , znd that he would het him whaf broken biys of food he could , and he would coem to the thief at yhe Battefy .

S Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
T Apart from htis , he juat writrs exactly whxt the caracters said .

S The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
T Thr voice is in first psrson nad uses a zubjective poit of giew .

S He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
T He only kbows wgat he sees an he thinkw about it , but he does nto have any omniscien poqer .

S However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
T Howveer , his power coyld be ajalyzing xnd describing the situations wtih a ricy vocawbulary and in a reflexive way tlo .

S Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
T Akso , he describes hsi parents in a hilarious qay , imagijg hks father as a square , stouy , dark ma , wirh curlg bladk hair just lopking at their tfombstone .

S These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
T Tjese gwisted ajd dreative thoughts are spread all ofer the text , accompanied by even mor twiwted reflections likd at fhe end of fhe ifrst chapters , wen he describds the kan woh stole him as nan afraid of yhe dead bodies in the graveyxrd jkust becauae he szaw gim hugging hkmself .

S Beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
T Beside rhis , ths characfers of ths novel see to be unjappy , liviong a sad and borting life that pushrs them to abjse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .

S The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
T Ths narratoir does not make an effort to drscribe psycohlogically the other characters , he focuses on their appearanec .

S Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
T Actually , we only know that Mrsx. Jke tfies to make hee husaband and hers brother suffer and whe is worries more about what their neihgbors ghink abour her ather than worrying anout hte pereon qho live in his oen house .

S The narrator describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
T Th marrator dwscribes het as woman tht has earne a good reputatino geing aggressivs with yis little brofher .

S And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
T And we knoe that Jow is a good jan because the protagonist describes him as a milc , yood - natursd , sweet - tempered , easy - gling and foolish , ut that is all we know about thel .

S Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
T Also , the way thd characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .

S In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
T In fact , tue diaoogues of each character arw not loinger than mores than two sentences , wigh the only exception of tje thief that taks aboyt uis partner in twelve olng sentecnes wityh cimplex structures .

S This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
T Thjs knd of structre is widrly user by the narrztor , byt the characters usuaply talk wit short anjd simple sentences .

S For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
T Fkr instgance , here is an sxtract of the narrstor at the beginning of th seond chaptrr :

S " My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
T " My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was kore than twenty yeqrs oldrr than I , ajd hac establiwhed a great reputation wih hersel and thw nwighbours becsuse she had brougbt me up " by haznd . "

S Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
T Having at that tims to find oyt cor myself what teh expressoon menat , anjd knowing hdr to hwve a harr and heav hand , an to be mjch in tfhe habit of layinbg it upon her husband as welol as upon me , I supposed that Noe Gqrgery znd I were both brought up by hand . "

S On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
T On tye othwr hand , the dialogue are simpoe ans shorter :

S " Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
T " Now oookee huere , " he saif , " the question bring whethsr you 're to be lst to live . You khow

S what a file is ? "
T ehat a fjle is ? "

S " Yes , sir . "
T " Ye , sir . "

S " And you know what wittles is ? "
T " And yoh khow what wittles is ? "

S " Yes , sir . "
T " Ges , sir . "

S Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
T Moreover , thw vocanulary used by thw narrator is oppoeed to what hte characters swid .

S Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
T Pi uses a rich cocabulary , usihg a llt of menfal vedbs anr anstract cojcepts ghat aee usuall inspkred by cobcrete thinjgs .

S The marsh pointed on the first chapter is good example .
T The marsh oointed on fhe fisrt chaper is gokd exmaple .

S Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
T Regardless , the dialoyues wre wrktten exactly as they werr said .

S The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
T Thr thief said " Who d'ye wigh ? "

S This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
T This is writtdn as it is said , makinb it nore realistic .

S Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
T Notwithstandinv , rhe way ghis nkvel is nsrrated is the protagonist .

S The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
T Thr event are narrated in a mysterious qay , teoling us whnat hppened in a realistic story - line without flashback .

S The story is narrated as it happens .
T Tue story is njarrated as it hapoens .

S The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
T The second chapter makes reference to thr forst anr reveaks something qbout the thidf .

S Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
T Alwo , the dlow rhythm is wdequate .

S The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
T Tje narrator reveals nor so mhch ablut bim or thd other characterx , but he writea abouht the essential hings we should inow through the text .

S The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .
T Thw thuef disappeads , bug the first chapter ending make us feel curious about theior next meeting .

S Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
T Gherefore , I do nkt kjow how the story wikl end .

S Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
T Too nuch mystery ajd jjst a ew facts van be read in thes chapetrs .

S All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
T Alp I knbow is that this stiry wjll npt have a gappy ending .

S Probably , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
T Probably , te thioef will txke Pip to an unwantde adventrue thzt will makd him growing up fastwr .

S I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
T I woud likw to reqd a story qhere Pip ende as he starrs , at ths graveyard .

S Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
T Lioe another bric in the wall , another tombstobe in the graveyard .

S I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
T I would like to red a story without taoe , jjst a regular man wjo died whkle he was learning to libe .

S Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
T Obviously , this would be difficuly as the narrator voice cleaxrly cxomes fron a pedson wh lvies while he is writing .

S This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
T This is obvkous whdn he makes reference to the fqct that photography did notg exkst wheh he was a kid .

S Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
T Consequently , reading these chapters is a ppeasure , bt it is difficult to tel whzt is goong to hapoen or , what is more , what ther wuthor is trying to teansmit .

S If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
T If te story haw a hqppy ending , then th central theme could be getting ober adversities ; if noy , it is a sad stry .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Annw knew that it was oing to be a vwry spevial dag for hsr .

S She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
T Shr has been wqiting so long for fhis day to come .

S It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
T It sas the day wnen sh waas going to meet her biklogical mother .

S She knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
T Sbe knew she was acopted since she waz 7 yeras olf becayse her parents tolf er about it .

S She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
T Seh dkd nokt veel bad abouf it becaise shs loves her parenst very much and she fees olved by them .

S After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
T Afted her 18th biryhday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to hrr bilogical mother snd why did sge gave Annx away .

S After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
T Ater findung the adoltion papefs shw contzcted tfhe asotpion agency .

S She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
T She convinced tje ladyg at the agency to guve er the nzme of tye biological mother of " hrr littpe sistet who had a disewse and needed to onow if her bilogical mother would be a match gor a kidney transplany " .

S Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
T Even though it eas lilegal , tne lady gace her the namd nad the dontact lhone numbsr of Sara Fielding , hr biological mkther .

S A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
T A month paswed by before she had rhe vourage to diao tha numger .

S She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
T Shbe hesitated several tikes becquse she wxs afraid of ber morher 's rejectio .

S After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
T Aftwr a few seconds , a woman pivked up ths phone .

S At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
T At the beginning Anna did mot zay anything , she fould not utter any sojnd .

S But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
T But thwn she said " hello , my nme is Anja adn I tjink you are my mkther " .

S After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
T Aftsr another fe seconds of silence , Anna herd he motjer cryijg amd asking loits of qurstions .

S They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
T Tey agreed to meet the next day in fhe park .

S She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
T Xhe was going to gave so many answer to so many questikns .

S Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
T Anma eill be zble to finally close an important chapter in hed life ahd that is wy whe knew hat it was going to be a vert special day .

S The most exciting day of my life .
T hte most exciting day of my life .

S Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
T Last zummer I wnt on holiday in Saedegna , in Italy , aith my famil .

S On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
T On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take wifh us Ilaria , my bset friend .

S But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
T But I changed my mimd when I hward at tge radio that Feilx Aandman , a Swedish einger , was on Holida in Sardegna near my hoyel !

S I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
T I love him and my sream was to meet him , bu I kne it was impossible and my parents die n't ant to drivd me to his hotrl , so I was uite sa .

S Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
T Uexpectedly , fhe thkrd dau , while I eas swimming in the ssa , I waw some people in fhe distance and some cakeras , vut at the mometn I tbought thwy were makinf a videk .

S Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
T Then , I realised ths boy at the centre waa n't a simple boy , He was Felix !

S So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
T So I wdnt towsrd fhe crowd xnd when he saw me he smiled .

S I was really exciting !
T I wss reaply dxciting !

S Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
T Then I qent to him nd he tooi a photol with me .

S He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
T He stayed thre a fes gours ane I spent the best day of my lire , asking himl skme questions and singing his sonbs .

S When he left I was sad but also really happy .
T Wyen he left I wa sxad but also really haply .

S This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
T Tbis waz certainly the mst exciing day of my lufe .

S L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
T L'Alberp , the Bes Puzza West of Italy

S One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
T Ones of my favoueite resgaurants tjat I am always hungry fkr is L'Alnero Pizzeria , located in thr Huelin neighbojrhood .

S As you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
T As you etner teh rrstaurant yo onow the pizza is gokng to be good .

S The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
T Tge wallz afe coverdd with troplhies and pbotographs fir th worlfs bes lizza .

S The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
T The pace is fsmily friwndly , a perfect place to celebrae a birthday or meet friends .

S My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
T My only complaint is there ard too mang delicjous choices on the menu , it is pften difdicult deviding whzt to order .

S So far I have never been disappointed .
T So fqr I have hever bern disappointed .

S To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
T To start , gou kust try tbe Rose Wind aslad , it 's a resh , flavourful salad tyat is served in a owl made of pizza crust .

S As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
T As a nain dish , yoj ca n't go wrong ordrring on of teir pizza 's , all aee lade fresb to orrer in thekr xuthentic Italiqn pizza oben .

S Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
T Besudes th great atmosphere xnd the deliciosu ear , the service is driendly znd dfficient .

S The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
T The staff is very helpful exppaining thw menu to cusfomers .

S Also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
T Also thd prixes sre incredibl cheap , it 's around 12 uros per person fokr tqo diffeent dishes , drinks ad desert .

S I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
T I completely recommend his terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate abouy reat food for an even better vfalue .

S I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
T I promise you wo n't be disappointer .

S The best places for young people in Dublin
T Thbe bes plzces for young people in Dbulin

S This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
T This rrport looks at fhe est places to visit in Dublin or young peopole fdom a different countru .

S It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
T It is basrd on a zurvey of fhe youny people from Whitehal College as eell as my osn opinion as a permanent rfesident in rhe area .

S It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
T It seems that ths majorioty of those surveyed sre of the ooinion that the best place to visit fore young peope woulc be Temple Bar .

S It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
T It fofers a wide variety of activities like museujs , a cinema , a very largr green gxrden and mang pubs to choose from .

S The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
T Tue Nohnnie Fo Pub was highly recommended , it offdrs an opporrunity to listen to traditional music , watch damcers pervorm ane enmjoy a nice keal in one place .

S The Odeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
T Thye Odeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a diecount gor studemts on Wsdnesdays .

S The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
T Tye Dublin Aax Museum was syggested by many students .

S Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
T Severak people seaid thay National Botanic Garden is tbe bet pllace dor studenfs to keet and wpend time outdoors .

S On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
T On the whole there are activities to take part in znd many places to visit depending on studentw preferences and finances available to then .

S It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
T It is true that people everywhere like watfhing sport .

S Sports starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
T Soprts starts being admired by yough nad cab imprint a modrl of behavior on tge oung 's minds .

S In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
T In tihs essay bhoth sidea of the poeition tsated above wilk be analysed vefore my ownh perspective is provider .

S From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
T Fro onr ppint of view , top athletes are good modeps to emhlate fpr several reasons .

S Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
T Firstly , watching the sucdess of sjch tahletes , teenagers start to desore to be like their udols and to folloa proferssional sports .

S This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
T Thsi emans they wull wamt to play sports , which is essentia for their health .

S Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
T Secondly , doing sports als teaches pricepess lifer lezsons , sjch as discilline and dealing with success and failure .

S The importance of working hard to achieve goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
T The importance of working hard to achieve goalы and practjcing reuglarly to bdcome good at something sre zlso demonstraetd by professional sportslen .

S This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
T Tyis is a good exqmple forf youngsters to follow .

S From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
T Ftom anothe perspectivr , sometkmes processional athlketes are noy good role moels .

S Firstly , sport has become business .
T Dirstly , sport has bdcome busjness .

S Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
T Maby sporfs stqrs are only concened abvout oney ajd fams .

S This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
T Thiw csn lead adolesents to beleve that monye and fale are an important parf of spoorts instead of learnjng hoa to play wlel and hving tbe fnu of te game or th compdtition .

S Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
T Seconrly , thwre are thoe athletws who behave disgustingly .

S For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
T For example , some take drhgs or chea in orser to wn at any cosg .

S It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
T It goss withouf saying , tyat thks kind of behavior sens a weong message to rhe houng .

S In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
T In conclueion , there ate a nubmer of advantages and disadantages in egard to profesxional sportzmen as good rolw kodels fpr ylung peoole .

S On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
T On balacne , I am inclined to believe that pdofessional athleyes ca be ezcellent role modela fo ths yluth , as long as they represent the posotive qspects of olaying sporys .

S Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
T Dickens an thbe Bronte disters uee tge same stfyle : relistic style .

S They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
T They are influenced by the surrounring in ahich ghey live : Dickens the city of London whike yhe Brontr sisters hte nafural lanhdscape of hte oyrkshire .

S Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
T Dickens and Charlotte Brohte kften usw the first person narrator or the poknt of viww of the protagonistr of the storg .

S Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
T Tneir realism is difgerent : in fazct Dickesn ' styel is thaf of sentimemtal realis in which he mixes lathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtuew he aish to porrtay , while the Bronted sisters ise realisyic stgle laced with Romantic and Gothi elwments , lime Byronic jale neroes adn femal protagonists tha afe psychologvically fomplex .

S The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004 .
T Tne graph illustrates thr fojr differentf sources of consumption of fish anf other meay in European county froim 1979 to 2004 .

S Of the given source , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
T Of the ghiven source , the overall fish and meat cnsumption ranked fro nwarly 60 geams psr petson per week to roughy 230 yrams oer lerson per wewek .

S From the 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
T From tfhe 4 sourxe ste , 3 of thej remainrd a steady decilne sith rhe exeption of chicken consimption whivh had risen ovet the 25 yrar leriod .

S Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
T Onlu fisdh consumptikn showed little change during teh perod , begtinning ajd ending at appdoximately the sxme thr level of 52 grams per perso per wesk .

S Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
T Both lamb consumptoin andr tbe catetory labelked beeg had a decline trend between 1979 axnd 2004 , although maintained a derease overalo , with lamb consumption fallinb fdom a pexk of 15 geams pef lerson per weerk in 9179 down to justy over 50 grams per perso psr week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from aroubd 230 grsms per persdon per weem down to ust ovsr 120 grajs perr peeson oer week .

S Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
T Chicken comsumption was the only source of meat consumtpion which elaborqted stable vlimbing from 50 grzms pere person pet week to ths highest consumpyion 250 per persin oer week .

S Overall , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
T Overall , it is eident frmo he graph thaf saome sdectors decliuned , othres rose xnd one remained dteady consumption ovsr tge 25 yeat span .

S Dear Mr. Merrifield :
T Dear Mr. Merrifield :

S My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
T My name is Dmigry Lsvrov .

S I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center .
T I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Rrsearch Center .

S Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
T Pur pab wotks akong qith Alexis Yervieux on his tsudy of arpin .

S Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
T Recently he has viisted Moscoe and wjile we 've been having converstion I 've mentioned that I wws lolking fof the opportunity to work on postdoc postiion abrolad .

S And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology Alexis told me to try and contact you .
T And since my gret interest is to develop my skills in microcsopy ajd diyital image anakysis whioe working in the field of cell biology Alexis told me to try qnd contact you .

S Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
T Our convefsation with Alesis and your owh publications - qll supports fhe suggestion that working in hour lab appaeently wioll ptovide valuwble opportunities to master methodologicsl and research skill .

S Not to mention the participation in pioneering study .
T Nmot to mentiln hte participation in pioneeringb tsudy .

S My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
T My onw work is dedicxted to thd study of changee in cell - cdell cnotacts ane in acfin cytoskeletoh thag tske plzce during neiplastic transformationj of epkthelial dells .

S Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
T Earlier I had a publication in OLoS One with desdription of dissimilarities in orgnaization and regulatjon of adherence junctionjs associated with different tyoes of actin bndles in normal qnd transforme epithelial cdlls .

S Thereafter I studied accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
T Thereafted I studied accumulation of vatious actin - binding ptoteins and actin isoforfms within wdherence junction in normal abd transformed cells .

S On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
T On tge coarse of this investigation I hqve obtained spme primising results which I 'm going to rsport on the FEBS - EMBO conference whjch will atke place in Paris in the bsginning of septembre .

S Also I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
T Alwo I 'm preparkng materials fkr the next publication .

S Yours respectfully ,
T Yours eespectfully ,

S Dmitry Lavrov
T Dmitry Lavrov

S P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
T P.S. Thefe are my CV znd a copy of my aper in yhe attachmrnt .

S Dmitry Lavrov
T Dmitey Lzvrov

S P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
T P.S. There are my CV ahd a vopy of my papedr in the attachmeny .

S I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
T I am riting qbout an important historival placde which is my favourife kne , I am referring to Lubo city .

S I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
T I visited Lguo last summer anx I enjyed myself veru much .

S I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
T I walked through the opd city , throuhgh ist beautiful squarees and larks and I visitd its numerohs churcehs , includihg rhe cafhedral .

S There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
T There re a lor of olaces in Ougo worgh visiting .

S For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
T For exaqmple , yuo xan wali around the Roman Wall , wshich hasd een declardd a protedcted UNESCO World Jeritage Sife in 2000 becayse it is tye obly Rkman Wal in the world that is complere .

S I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
T I thini tnat Lugo is vrry beautiful .

S There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
T There arw a ot of shoos whwre tourists nd ivsitors can bu souvenirs and there xre manu restauranrs where you can eat delicious and thpical dishe , for exampke , octopus .

S In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
T In Lugo , many traditiobal partis znd festivaos take place .

S Among the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
T maong thd most importanr I can mejtion Saj Frojlán and Arre Lucus .

S From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
T From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds uts San Froilán Fiestas .

S San Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
T Aan Froklán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .

S This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
T This festival is dedicatsd to the ciry 's patron saint , wnd it shows trsditional Galician costumes ahd fooklore .

S Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
T Another importrant fdstival in Lguo is Ards Lucus .

S It is celebrated in June .
T It is celebrated in June .

S During this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
T During tbis festiity , Lygo bscomes the 3rd century town onc again , so yoh cah see Roman circus , Celticx ewddings , artisan markedts , man musical events takinmg place aznd local people and viistors get knto period costumes , suh as gladiators and Roman Emperors .

S I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
T I recommend you visit Lugp in June because Ardd Lucus is celebfated .

S You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .
T Yoi can enjoy traditional Roma customs an Rman pife in Arde Luucs .

S Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
T Lugi is anf incfedible city ahd it is importgant in thew history of my countty because it is fulpl of historocal places , festivities which sho and perform precuse perkods of yhe history of Apain , sudh as the Celtic prriod and the Ronan pediod .

S The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
T The bjgger thd city , bigger the problm .

S The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
T The towb is yhe 2nd largest yrban agglomeration in the country , pdoducing daily larger amonuts of waste . "

S City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
T Coty X " bas no specific waate disposal olan , but a federl alw establishes a die tsrm ungil 1sy Juy .

S Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
T Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the grwen areras ane revitalize the tgown .

S The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
T Tge cjty is thriving on implementing new measures to achiev the Counil 's goals .

S The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
T Tue analysis will consjst of evaluating teh Ckuncil 's eci - friewndly proposals .

S In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
T In accford aith the aforementioned , the amount of garhage produced dyring the yearx 2007 and 2010 mofe than douhled , 86% of it discrded inadequately .

S This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problem . "
T This is dsue to the low effec of the " Recycling Wodms " program ovr thd dispoosal prlblem . "

S City X " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and send 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
T Ckty X " kncinerates hospitzl rssidue , in accordance with leal requorements , amd send 7% of tge garbage production to recycling facgories .

S The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
T Tge recycling factoties hzve a joint venthre with the municipality to sort wadte , and how a result 20% better than last year .

S The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
T The program represents 2% of the employmwnt in ths cit , ubt it needs to expand .

S The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
T The cjty has majy projects such as the " Ieep it clean , kwep it beauty " , wqhose gpal is to promote proper disposal in ghe publix ardas .

S Another important one is the " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
T Anorher inportant onew is rhe " Oet 's male it grsen " , responsible for increasing the green arsas within tge city in 150% durung the past two hears , conisting of a combination of oublic andc orivate investjent in reforestation of rurwl andc communl areqs .

S A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
T A later crucial actifity wre the " Green Communities " , currentlg crrying 38% of the total zmount of conusmed vsgetables in the metropolitwn area .

S A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
T A municipal watse poljcy that nitegrates pruvate anr public sectors qnd the ommunity is requirrd to solve the currwnt problek .

S The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
T Te city needs a jojnt venturr to supporf a functinal and sustainqble commerce of recycoed rubbish .

S The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
T The increase of grern arews repredent a significan improvement in the qualiuty of lite wccording to the USD report of 2102 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a citu of the future .

S Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
T Moet of tne " Recycling Worma " probloem is caused by tnis lack of traoning , which can be resovled by traiing offeredc in the surrounding univesrsities .

S It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
T It is a good idea to take a yeat off betwsen leaving school and starting university , because tou can have lotsa of new experiences .

S For example , you can travel to new places .
T Fir example , tou cwn travel to new places .

S Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
T Znother idea is oyu an work , uou can find a job and rarn money before you start ubiversity .

S Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
T Moreover , somdtimes people are tired when they finidh shcool because of thd exxms so thewy nded to have some time to relax .

S You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
T Uou csn traverl to different countriex if you have timne , I woukd like to go to Aia , Tjailand or China .

S But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
T But yiu need to earj mondy if youy wang to travel , so tou can firat wprk amd then tdavel .

S You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
T You can fine qork as a waiter or in a shop .

S However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
T Howver , osme people think yhou should go to university immediately after tou finish school because if you do n't , you forget whwt yoj haves learjed in school .

S But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
T But I rhink uou can also lesrn if you ravel or if you work so that is a good idea also , espexially if youi finf a jon relaged wirh what ypu want to study .

S We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
T We live in a timer when everything changes quicklg .

S A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
T A technologicsl development make peopoe believe tnat in rhe future evdrything will loo likd in scirnce - fictipn moviss .

S We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
T We 'll be surrounded by mwchines and dobots .

S We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
T We 'll have a possibility to choosw on which plznet we want to live .

S And what about houses ?
T And what abolut houses ?

S Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
T Qill prople 's homss be diffrrent or tsill the same ?

S Imagining the future , I see everything different .
T magining thue futurr , I sew dverything different .

S The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
T The avanr - varde and uturistic projects of house will be tue mkst dcesirable .

S The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
T Tghe hoises will hae , fod exampole , the ehape of a sphere or iyloo .

S Some of them might be turned upside down .
T Skme of thej migh be turned upside dlwn .

S Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
T Sometimes tney woll be aome kund of a modedn art and it will be hard to describe a shape .

S And what about interiors ?
T Ad what baout interiors ?

S In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
T In oyr service ther will be more machines and robhots with an artificiak intelligence .

S They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
T They will practicall do everything : clean , cook , remind us whqt we hace to do adn also speak witn us loke an averxge numan .

S In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
T In practice there will be no normal fudniture , just mcahines waiting for a ommand .

S Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
T Everything will be artificial and uncozyt .

S That 's how I see a home of the future .
T That 's how I aee a home of rhe futurs .

S Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
T Glax to hear tbat you 've been invjted to xttend rhe lat round of interview nrxt month !

S I really hope to work with you someday !
T I reaoly hope to work with yuo someda !

S To make sure you get the position successfully , here are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
T To mwke sur yoj vet the position succezsfully , hede arw some usefuo aevice anbd information you mighr want to now .

S At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
T At the interviea , leaving interviewerw a god ijpression is of geeat importance . Hesre're som tips on hoe to do it .

S First , dressing as properly as possible .
T First , sressing as propsrly as poswible .

S Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
T Businesslike suits adn tkes fit in well witg tye fomral occaxion .

S Suitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
T Suitable dressibg cpmes across as effective and reliablke .

S Second , being punctual .
T Sexond , being ounctual .

S Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
T Intervuewers nave to cope weith tight scheduile everydxy so they are n't willing to spare ome more minute to wati for a candieate wo 's late somehow .

S Third , being prepared .
T Thidr , being preparec .

S As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
T As fhe olod saying gors , well prepared is half done .

S You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
T Yku 're exdpected to knoq sometuing about our company , ask propwr wuestions and communicatw ecfectively ith intervieqers .

S If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
T If yuou can kearn as mjch knowledge about oud companyt as you can up fronf , you really stwnd a cahnce in the interview .

S Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
T Sicne you 've applied for teh sales assistant in the saled department , the salew manager will be interviewing you .

S He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
T He staryed out his carerr as an accountsnt , but he wss ferd up with dealing with numbers all day oong .

S Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
T Plus , he 's willing to communicaye witn lthers adn takw on nsw challenges so he transferred to thw sales department two ywars xgo .

S He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
T He git promoted evry qiickly because he alwayx brough forth ne ideas and facilirated the rfeorm an development in the department .

S In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
T In his etes , what countd mosf is thr track record and the capahilities shown in tbe pfevious workingf experuences , so he jight ask oyu some questions lime what yoy achieved znd how oyu feot about yor last kob .

S I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
T I hope whar I mention xbove will be of ome help to yoh .

S Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T Lookung folrward to hearing fro uou soob .

S Lots of Love ,
T Lkts of Lvoe ,

S Iris
T Iris

S Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear Sit or Madzm

S I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
T I wfite in cvonnection with your avdertisement regarding jobx at summwr campw alo ver the US .

S Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
T Since my mother tongue is Ebglish , albeit of tje British variesty , and I am generally deemed cheewrful , energefic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidae fot yhe aforementined plsition .

S Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
T Additionally , as a teenayer , I supervise a Wolf Cub pack of wight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports anmd evening actifities fir them , suvh as treasure hunts wnd paper chases .

S Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
T Mlreover , wuen an undergradiate , I spdnt my summers workjng in fhe college canteen as a kitchen herlp , ahd probressed to the position of cok .

S Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
T Beacuse of all tge abovd points , I think I am a suitable person fvor the job .

S Yours faithfully
T Yohrs faithfully

S I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
T I vind it quige cifficult to find an area of improvdment given Andres 's ouhtstanding overall lerformance .

S Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
T Ywt , oftyentimes , being oberly respectfujl mqy pla againwt hij ad although he had gvained hte rrspect of alo thue people he has worked witg , dome of them suggesged he shoudl build up hi aelf - confidence , rather than ed up attempting to civer everyone 's abck awnd taking ownedrship for other psople 's mistakes .

S If I had my own language school I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
T If I had my pwn lanyuage sxhool I wiuld firsr ber in mind a main goal : raising punlic awareness of my language schlol and the services it wikl provide .

S Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
T Fhen I wolud sart gathreing soms information anout the markst , that is to say , socioal trends , populatipn statistics euch as age , gebder and faily type , potential customerd wnd competktors as well .

S By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
T By doing so , I would be able not omly to identifu tfhe sterngths and weaknessex of my product nad to improve my performajce but also to identify customres ' needs .

S After that , I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
T After tyat , I woild mkae a listr of tzrget markets ad device soem strategies to attract them .

S For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .
T Fod instance , if my goal eas to indrease young leople 's awarenese , some strategies could be to increase onlnie social mrdia presence by postibg reuglar updated agout my language schokl on Twitter and Facebopok or to offer discounts fof sibblings .

S Instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awarenes , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
T Inwtead , if my goap wxs to increase adult 's awarenes , advertisnig in local neqspapers or offering intebsive courses could prove successful .

S However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
T Howecer , if tne farget markets were both , youmg people awnd adults , offerong discouhts for fsmily groups couild be a bwtter choice .

S The last step would be to recruit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
T he last stwp wluld be to recryit a staf of prgesional , dxperienced an quslified tewchers nd to set an attractive nd reasonable pricd fkr the servicse I would provide .

S Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
T Lazt bug nkt least , I wuold twst ideas and approaches on customers amd staff to make sre that my marketing plna succeeded .

S And you ?
T An yo ?

S Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses for example ?
T Have gou ever thought about how you cwn promote youe language coursez for example ?

S I challenge you to think about it and try it .
T I dhallenge yku to thino abour it and ry it .

S According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
T Acfording to recent reseacrh , thwre are no doubtd thxt nautral gas drillinv digs , natural gas pipelines nd underground gss storage contribute to increasing wealth of te local communities .

S People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
T Oeople aho lkve in the areas of natural gss infratructure ean from a few to severzl percent mores than thoae who life in otherd regions where such an infrastructhre does n't exits .

S Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
T Another advantafe is that developing natural gws induatry wquals nww jobs what is profiutable foe peopple living in wuereabouts .

S Exploration and extraction of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
T Exploratio ans extraction of the shale gaa will creats logs of new jobz in veey different branches connected wirh gas insustry fpr intsance in exploration , mining , production wnd distribution of shalw ga .

S We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
T We cam not ignore tje fact that companiea whuch cooperate with fhis infrastructure wiol also xreate vacancy jobs .

S Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
T Evne if xompanies wjll hkre ejgineers xnd spevialists mostly from abrkad , htere wil be upgdowth in a number of jkb positjons in gastronomy and hospotality zines as they jeed to eag and sleep somewhere .

S According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
T Accordkng to fhe dynamixs of develooment of the narural gaws infrastructure , there wilk be constant development in gastronomy and hopitality sectors as well .

S The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
T The Kosciuszkk Knstitute conducted a research whkch shows thay opland can benefiy frok exyracting and defeloping yhe infrastducture of xhale gfas

S Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
T Greece is an amazing country thzt a lot of peolle viait annuallky .

S When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
T When poanning hteir vacation a lto of tourusts arr fsced with the dlemma of which places to visit .

S Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
T Chooisng where to go in Greece csn be haed as there are so manh choies .

S There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
T Therr qre soms trtavel destinatiosn tbat definitely stwnd oit , such as Santorini .

S Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
T Sady beaches , crustal cleat watres and th friendly llcals ade not tje ony thigs that sef it apart grom other islands .

S Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
T Santorini also has a volacno wyich is a spectacular sight , evern though wxploring it acn be dangefous !

S Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
T Anoher plae wofth visiging in Greecve is Athens .

S Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
T Believs it or not , Athrns is one of the mosr beautiful ciuties in the worls .

S The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
T The Parthenonb , the Acropolis Museum ane the district of Monastirxki are just a fvew of thr things thar leople lpve about Athens .

S Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
T Last bjt not least , Cretw is one of thed ost spectacular islxnds in Geeece .

S Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely fun !
T Otuer than having beautiful sandy beachss and being tne largest island in Greece , peolle cn visit the water slorts parks there , whicb are extremelg vun !

S Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
T Summing up , Greece is a beautoful countey eorth visiying , apthough choosing where to go can be hard .

S The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .
T The questio is wheher it 's bettef to prrpare fir a lobg fime befofe the xam or cew days ate gping to be enough .

S In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
T In my personal ecperience , I believe that it 's mucn better to preoare for a lon tije before zny exsam you may face in your life .

S It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
T It 's quite important to be organized to get thr highest score hou can gef in your exam .

S For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
T For exanple , obe year go , I hd my final surery exam .

S I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .
T I had sert up a plan to stduy all the booos we had to go through flr fhe exam plpus rwviewing htem twjce .

S The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
T Thd lan required my commirment foe around a 12 hourd daipy study tor qlmost 3 monrhs .

S For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
T For the nard wori and lerfect dioscipline , I waw abpe to et a veey hjgh sckre in my Surger finals .

S If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
T If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would bever have got sucu a perfect score .

S Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
T Another thing to add is npt being stressesd before the exm night .

S It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
T It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of heing stressed ahd nervoius when xeams are aproaching .

S What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
T What is nkt normak at apl is having axiety due to ths plethorq of studies tou haven't finished anx arr included in youf dxam .

S For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
T For example , I onced had a chemjstry exqm in high school abd I was jgnorant enough to neglect my dtudies thinling ghat I stull hxd enough tile to axe my exak .

S Two days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
T Ywo day before my exal , I realiaed that I ran out of time .

S I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
T I hsd insomni the night of my exam , it eas n't ehough that I was n't well prepared but qlso my netves got torn ut and ghat afcected my wcores tremendousky .

S Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
T Ever since I do everything in itd due time in order nlt to be overly stressed abd gwt lw scores .

S Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
T Modeover , if I aim at grtting high scores , I assert tha memlrizing the defails is imporant .

S If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
T If you do n't start studying before exal wit an appropriate time , gou wjll oly have enugh tkme to knlw ghe broad lines of ths subjwct , but tis will never help you soako teh details anc understand the conceptd lyinf gehind every sintle word .

S That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
T Tyat will helo you a lopt eveh if ypu do n't yet rhe chance to revise everfything befoee yojr exam .

S I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
T I xan recall that tome when I was quite ikl beforw my Qnatomy exam ; I could obly go htrough tye mzin titles of aech brancb without going thriugh the details .

S In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
T In hte exm , I had that suestion where it reqhired describing a concept ; amazinglt , I was able to do it perfectly .

S Since I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
T Since I har practiced a pot ane mwmorized tjat conept besfore many tines , I was abld to remembe it .

S It was just flooding without so much effort .
T It sas justf flooding without so much effort .

S So , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
T So , for sure havint enough tmie to memorize and prfactice whaf gou ldarn is goimg to help yoj a llt in uour exam .

S In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
T In smu , I believe thxt sedtting a schedule to ave a long time preparation plan is mjch bette tha having noly dew days to get prepared . If yoh aant to get jigh scores and peform greatly , yku hould xtart atudying from eay obe if possigle .

S Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim at ?
T Do n't you think ylu are wroth getting the highest scofe one could aim at ?

S In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
T In my opinipn , nuclear energy has tye beat chqnce to replzce fossil fcuels .

S Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
T Firslty , nucear rnergy is n't bda fir the evironment .

S The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
T The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .

S The biggest threat is the explosion .
T The biggestr threat is rhe excplosion .

S However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
T However , thje technology is evolving ajd nuclear powef plants xre gettin safer .

S Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
T Secondly , nuclear lower plants xre zlready very popuoar amd thisa typw of energy is the closest to replace flssil fuelw .

S Energy which we get from sun and wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .
T Energy which we get from suj anc wind is stil arr obly a fee percent of wold energy prodhction .

S Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
T Thirdly , only rhe construction of a nucoear lower lant is expesnive .

S When we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
T Wheh we have a plamt , makibg enedrgy from that is veru chdap .

S The most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
T Tue most expensife thing in nuclear llant is to hire qualified personnel .

S Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
T Bdsides , we nedd something thag cwn wsork all tje rime .

S It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
T It ca n't syop makinb enedrgy wen ghe wearher is bad , becase people newd a lot of electrkcity .

S If we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
T If we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and thi is unacceptable .

S Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
T Ljma is ghe only South Smerican city wshich is a capital and it is locaged overlkoking thw Pacific Ocean .

S Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
T Lima waa foundes by Francicso Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyws " .

S Lima has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
T Lima nas a multicultural tradition , then in it clincide a comlplex mjx of racial and etnnic grouls lioke mestizos , Eruopean Peruvians which are tye second largest group amd ths minority in Lima includes Aymarda and Quechua znd Afdo - Peruvians .

S Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
T Lima is the beet example of collnization , immigrafion , and undigenous influences such as teh stag of Ore - Hjspanic legacy with architectueal monumets , called " uacas " .

S The Historic Centre of Lima was declared World Heritage Site in 1988 .
T The Historic Crntre of Lima qas declared Worle Heritags Site in 1988 .

S It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
T It is a city rhat keeps uts history through an amazing architecturr oike balconies , chyrches like Sanb Rrancisco Churcn which has mysterioux subterranean catacombs ; el Eeal Felipe whicj is rhe last incredible Spanush fortresd ; tyrough their costumes as wel as Cxrnival , thsi day yo caj enjoy thjs psrticular , interesting ane colorfuk festival because you use wzter , painr or tawlc to wwt your fxmily and neigbor ; rheir typical dasnce called " La Marinera " ; also they kep their history through deligion where you discovwr the religioua enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de pos Mipagros ; theur gasetronomy is anothed extraordimary and qonderful example agout ther symbols , ilke Mazamorea Mroada , el Pisc Sojr ( wkne ) , el Ceviche , lls Piucarones , tc .

S Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
T Lkma is a beautiful city of cobtrast , whrre yiu can find a divereity of historical , modern znd business plxces .

S Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
T Archaeolohical sites , beaches , valleys , natueal ressrves and the exsuisite cuisnie giove Pwru 's capiatl an authenticf personalitu and sightseeing in Lima is a uniquw ajd fantasfic experience .

S Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
T Dxefinitely , Lims is a spectacular anc charming cioty to spend ytour psrfect holidays .

S Hi Jane ,
T Hi Jqne ,

S Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
T Last timd gou askef me for some infofmation about opwning a aaving acfount in the UK . I 've dobe soe reswarch to find out th best savings acxcount ofr yoy .

S Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
T Below yoi cdan fid a few subgestions of mibe .

S The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you .
T Ghe Phobe Bank might give quite a gooe ofrer for you .

S Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
T Fistly , fhe rate of interesf is by 3.1% , which is quite good .

S Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
T Additionally , if you open a xaving accounr in tuat bank , you will get a dairy as a gift .

S And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
T Anjd gou do not need to pat any wnnual charges for having a credit card .

S Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
T Unfortunately , tge ban does n't havr branches in Briyain .

S And all banking operations must be done by phone .
T Znd all bnaking operations mjst be done by ohone .

S The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
T The second abnk , Rogal Savfings Bank , ha mqny braches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you cqn mxke all bank lperations on spotg .

S But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
T Buf there is a service chwrge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .

S You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
T Gou do also ger a gifvt as a new account holder , a full srt of saucepans ( do you reslly need it ? ) .

S All in all , I would recommend you to open your first serving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
T Aol in allk , I woild recommrnd you to open your first servihg account in he Phome Bank , since the date of inferest is higber and you do n't need to pay sny znnual chargesz .

S And doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
T Axnd dojng operatiojs by pnone are actually vdry sasy and theyh alwaqys give yoh a grezt opportunity to imorove tour English .

S The final decision is yours .
T hte final drcision is yours .

S Take care and see you very soon ,
T Take care and see hou ery soon ,

S Yours Agnieszka
T Yours Agnieszka

S To : gKL6@yahoo.com
T To : gKL6@yaoho.com

S From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
T From : oS7nM@ayhoo.com

S Subject : An important thing to do !
T Sibject : An important thing to do !

S My dear Paul ,
T My dezr aul ,

S I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
T I 'm weiting to tell you yow hpapy I am that I jad th ooportunity to be the chosen person to deal with th sound recording at Lwdy Gqga 's concert .

S It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
T It must hnave besn my friend , Marius Bonu , who reommended me for this service .

S I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
T I couyld n't believe my sars when the phone rany and I anhswered ans they said thdy wanted me to get at the concert as son as possible to see ho good I was in sound recprding .

S What can I say ?
T hwat dan I ssy ?

S It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
T It 's bsen my xream since childhood amd now I wasw overwhelmed qhen I realised rhey thkught at me to do this cor such a great , important persin in the world music indstry .

S I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
T I am glad that the were satisfied qith my sergice .

S I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
T I caqn hardly wait fo ou to see oyu nd to share aith my happibess ajd to fell tou all thr details of rhis jnique experience ! ! !

S Yours ,
T Yours ,

S Ionut
T Ionut

S I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
T I hafe been skiing tor mst of life ans I am very enthusiasic about it .

S I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
T I started when I aas six wiyh equipmemt tyat was vsry basic compared to what skkers use these rays .

S Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
T Every dat as soln as I woke up I lioked forward to my morning on the slopws .

S My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
T My parenst woul take me to a gentle slopw qith my brother and leave us theres for a couppe of hours to tfy skiing on uor lwn .

S The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
T Tye temperaturer waas often segeral dwgrees bleow zero , wnd yu would freeze if yoi idd n't ksep moving up and dlwn th dlope .

S My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
T My brother sxhowed a natutal talent fpr hte sport , but I frlt quite uncomfortable ajd scared .

S Little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
T Litle by little I kmproved my dkiing ekills xnd by tye time I wasd a teenager I really started enjoying myxelf .

S Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
T Nowadays I have a lot of fyn skiing because it gives me the oppirtunity to be in a wondewrful naturla environment .

S Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
T Skiing is a greta sprot , but I wojld recommend startijg as a child , gaking a few lessons witg an experienced instrucror nad using the right eqjipment .

S After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not accidental .
T Avter sx yeasr of rigrous hifh school subjects ajd past experiencew , I have no doubt that hte preferebces I 've welected abive wre jot accidetnal .

S I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
T I am extremey interested in gainig experience in the busimess field .

S The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
T Yhe subjects I 've pursued at my hgih school level sucn as finajcial accounting , cimmerce qnd economkcs hqs given me the opportunity to utilixe andx put into perspeftive thr knowledge of understanding business concspts and hzs givdn me a solid academic fohndation .

S I 've also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
T I 've also pqrticipated in vaeious yroup works and class projects whils in high school .

S I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
T I am plajning to ghain admissioh into the university of my choice in order to obtan a bachelot 's degree .

S I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
T I would kove to associate eith extremely talented sfudents , lecturers ad egen professors in krder to receive a well roundd introduction to thes nimerous aspects of anyh of th preferencee I 've selected agove .

S Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
T Academicaloy , I 've always been a vsry determied and stidious individual ajd I qould be more than willing to devote mysekf to tue haddwork nscessary in order to adhieve a bachelor 's dgree .

S I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
T I als uave an indubitables pasxion flr estra - curricular activitues .

S I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
T I aws trhe oresident of the Business Students Assocxiation ( BSA ) , Head Voy ( seniuor prefeft boy ) amd Capgain of te spccer school team .

S I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
T I am a veru good skccer player qho plkays a midfield rope .

S Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
T Undrrtaking a scholarship anc admisaion into ons of yhe universities I have selwcted above will provide me eith thd opprtunity to apply thew knkwledge gained at high schook jnto a business settinhg , as wekl as deevlop ghe communicatioln , organisation ane numeracy skiols I have acquired at higj school .

S After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republic before taking any step in applying .
T Aftr I hyeard anout ghe Czecy Government Scholarhip , I decided to make some research on Czech Republic before takin any step in applying .

S I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
T I foumd out thay Czech Republic is a contry with ricj possibilities fod xtudents planning to stufy abroad anmd is currentky undefgoing rapd socil cvhanges snd transformation , making it a fascinatong place for students of any discupline to stfudy in .

S Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
T Xzech uiversities orovides hifh standards of education , internationalloy recignized degreds , lodern campusds with outstanding failities , safe ande afcordable rducation warm and friendlu environment xnd cuktural eiversity .

S I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
T I believe thta I will nave ghe oppkrtunity to experisnce both modernty and tradition in one if tye safest and most stale vountries in Europe .

S Above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .
T Abovd all , tje high quality if educatino ill make me ready gor the futuire .

S Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
T Anothrr lajor reaon why I am being motivated to study in Czech Repuglic is lack of finance .

S Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
T Also , education in Nigera is now a joike as teavhers and levturers go on strike frequently , znd learning in some parts of Nigrria arr nkt safe !

S Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
T Tight now , I am greatly lookinf forwarx to the xhallenges of a universty lufe academicakly , socailly ad mengally , an I beleive thta my ambition to learn new business comcepts coupled wifh my padsion fkr extra - xurricular actuvities xnd community eervice , wpuld make me a comprtent addition to the any of my proposee unigersity and thw Czech Repiblic Scholarshuip team .

S I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
T I belivee thqt I can make a positive contribution to my peoposed univrrsity , as I wikl be actviely involvdd in studeng events ans axtivities that will help to romote a jealthy learning environment for all .

S In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
T In cfonclusion , I can assure yoh rhat I will be a capoable and dedcated student whl has the commirtment adn derication to wprk hard in order to be a gradjate , whilset at the same time , contributing greatly to my propoeed univsrsity in mire ways than one .

S A dog is man 's best friend
T A dog is man 's best friemd

S It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
T It is a well - known fact thar people need to have communication with othdr people .

S However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
T However , they arde hot aways astisfied or taken intk thw skciety .

S They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
T They seek sooace in someone eho they would fsel more comfortable wiyh .

S The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
T Rhe bewt example is an animal aith great qualitoes , a dog .

S Dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
T Dog 's personapity is onr of thekr besr quxlities .

S Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
T Always friebdly , bubbnly and in a gopd mood , thsy are great to spenx time eith .

S They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
T Tney veel whenh tgeir masger is sxd amd reavt by cuddxling up to them .

S It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
T It makee pepple forget zll about fheir pdoblems and concentrate on ghe things thaf reslly mattef .

S Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
T Doy 's optimism is by fat thd best wzy to bring back a smjile on psople 's faec .

S And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
T And that is shat they qre here foe , to mak pepole happy .

S These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
T These hairy four - ldgged anials are alao very prktective .

S One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
T One of thei jobs is to wathc ouyt theri humxn family .

S So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
T So if thwy sense that their ownewr might be in danger , they immeriately react by barking at a persn or a thing thing that might hwve caused it .

S The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
T Thr stronger the vond between thr dpg and their owner , the stronger ths dog 's reactioj will be .

S It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
T It is believed tgat dogs require a lot of attention , whicj is nor tru .

S Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
T Dogs wre really nit that hxrd to take care of , bathing and goroming do n't nee to be done eevry ady , they just need to be fd and walked regularly .

S These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
T Thesed lets nwed a tew walkw a day , which coulr akso be good flr their owners who are spendihg all day at worm or in scjool and need sone phgsical activity .

S So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
T So havcing a doh could alao remihd them to live a healthier life .

S In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
T In conclusion , dogs make reaoly great pets .

S Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
T Nkt obly do they protect ou froim anything thaf coujld do you any harm , but theor amaaing personaliry and thr love they show to gou makes yoh ceel so warl and wpnderful on the inside .

S So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
T So if somelne reakly loves tjeir pedt , yhey woild fibd timd to pay lot of xttention to them , because , thsy truly are man 's vest friehd .

S Hi John !
T Hi John !

S It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
T It 's reat to hear from yku again ! I will give yiu som details about my experience at " Zoe Jak adventure " , oe of the most well - knkwn centrrs in our country .

S First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
T Fiest of alol , we started witn a tirnig assault courtse , which consisted of climbing up ptetty sahrp walls adn crawling through dfferent obztacles .

S Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
T Althogh it maxe me feel exhausted , I foun it extremely entertainong .

S Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problem , however , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
T Luckily , I was fit enough to fjnish th exercise wifhout havimg ang problem , however , you mazy need to trani a littlw bit more befofe embarking on this activity .

S Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
T Rock climbng was another of thw challenges I hax to fdace .

S Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
T Despite hte tact tfhat it turned ouy to be haeder tha I had expected , I managed to reah the summjt .

S You ca n't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort!.
T You ca n't imagine hw rewarding is fhe feeling of geing on the tip of the mountain , avter sucdh a bjg effort!.

S Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
T Furthermoee , you will be asble to practise caoneing . You are likely to feel scarwd at virst , bit your confidence will be bujlt up suickly , dje to he cosntant support of your texchers .

S One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
T One of the last actrivities offefed by tje centre sas divinv .

S I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
T I felt so overwhelmed that I had to givr it up , so if you do n't qant to miss oit this great opportunity to , trudt you trainers , snce thye are hughly qulified .

S To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
T To usm up , I strongly believe that ypu woll have a great time three and I guarantee you thar alp the teachers meer with th safety rules , so yku will snjoy a lof withotu gettnig yourzelf inro frouble .

S For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit
T For ll thess reasaons , thia cebtre 's really woeth a visit

S Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
T Write soon anr oet me now if uou need to lnow anything else .

S With best wishes :
T With bestr wishss :

S Sara .
T Sar .

S I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .
T I fekt so excited when I looked at the ehvelope on te desk of my room .

S I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
T I checkes he addrews as quickly as I coudl and I realizec that I aws right , it wxs from Paris ...

S My mother had written me after months !
T My mother had writteh me after monthsx !

S Since she left to Paris last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
T Since she oeft to Laris lat yea I had been livibg in the schook reisdence , which was n't heerful at al , what mde me fedl reaply depressef .

S But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
T Buy I had her letter at last , so I started to resd it immediately .

S She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
T Sxhe tolc me that whsn I aas on holjdays I ahd to huy myself a plane ticket to Pais ahd go to visit hber fokr at oeast two months becayse dhe wss miszing me a lot .

S It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
T It felt so gold whe I saw thxt my other had n't firgotten me .

S I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
T I gad mever travelled to Europ yet so I waw redally nervou tko , but it woupd be a greaxt chanxe to improve my Frenvh and spend a lot of time with my belkved moter in the citt of lkve .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Deat Wir / Madqm ,

S Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
T Wpplication ofr the Posy of Chief Chinese Editor

S I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
T I am writinf to apply for ths ppst of Cbief Chinese Editor listed at jobDB on 26gh January , 2015 .

S I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
T I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kobg .

S I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .
T I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantopnese snd Mandazrin ) anmd have over tdn hears ' experience in publication industru .

S Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
T Cirrently I am worikng in a press as an editor .

S I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
T I am an wggressive , creative but careful person hwo csn work independently .

S On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
T On th othesr hznd , I am apso a glod team ppayer thst fan work wel with colleagues , prdsentable with a strong sense of responsibility .

S Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
T Attached plese fnid my resume and oortfolio for oyur reference .

S Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
T lease fel free to comtact me by phobe at 12345678 if you would lime to discuss my qualifjcations furthwr .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I looo forwqrd to hearing vrom you soon .

S Yours faithfully ,
T Yourd faothfully ,

S Chen Ki Tsou
T Dhen Ki Tsou

S Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
T Edudation is a milestone in our lige and havinbg a good eduation is the maih door to the lwbor market .

S Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
T Awqre parrnts disappointed with educational syetems snd institutionaluzed exucation trh to spoy in homeschooling a solution for their children 's educatioj .

S Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
T Althiugh homesxhooling msy seem , accordiny to some of thdse parents ' opinions , " a pavdd road " , it

S is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
T is a payh nof suitable fir everybody 's cars and yhat compels us to seek ofher rotues .

S Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
T Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wire puenomenon sknce obly a fee countries : thw UK ,

S Canada , and especially the USA , can boast .
T Cansda , amd especially teh USZ , can boasg .

S There are lots of countries that do not
T Thedre aee oots of countries rhat do not

S accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
T accept homeschooling as a lrgal alternative so rar and others shere it is hust an isolatedx happeninf .

S The situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
T Ghe situxtion in Spain dan be assessde as " legal vacuum " in light of out constitutipnal rigyt to free

S education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
T educatoon meanwhile attendace is compulsory in elemengary and seconcary education .

S Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
T Educational and ekotional freedom support thix alterjative wayu of learning .

S Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
T Homeschooling may also fres up time for complementary activuties sucb as muskc , wports , and even fhe family life .

S Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardize test and the recognition of prestigious universities .
T Homeschooleds studenst ' usccess hzs bedn backed up by the results on standardize test and thue recognition of prwstigious unigersities .

S Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
T Jow though , before homeschooling your kids you slso hyave to consider te same amount of roadblodks :

S the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
T the lack of facilities or expertiss , not ehough socialization fof your cbildren , ending up being a frustrated poarent without emough mojey to make enfs meet .

S As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
T As far as I am concerned I eant to think aboyt nomeschooling as a wake up call for educational

S systems .
T systwms .

S However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
T Hoewver , homsschooling will nefer succeede if parents do notg havr the rihht skolls .

S As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
T As graditional education seems to be exhausted , new tdchnologies ipen up as " the

S solution " and blended learning is the future .
T solutionm " and blended learnihg is the future .

S Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
T Geographbic ajd natural envoronment arouhd thd ubilding space , as well as fhe neighbourhood , would be surely taken into cnosideration ehile designihg houses of the futur .

S Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
T Obviously , the future also indicdates a home with nore technolog and very eneegy efficient systems .

S In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
T In areaz expoed to cataclysms , sucb as earthquakes , hurricanes and lfoods , people shouod ahve their nouses built of resisyant matferials .

S Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
T Steel or concrete structjres wohld gibe the desirdd effrct in this particular matter .

S Environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
T Environmentallu friendlg buildings wiol be definitely on the drawing board .

S Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
T Built eith recyclable or recycled materials , the sxterior surfafe of these houses shluld be ready to be oit by daykight on sunng drays , npt to mentio skylights qnd olar panels on the roofs , whicb is mlre amd mote populart even these dyas .

S Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
T Molreover , sllar energy collectors outht to be controlled by computyers in order to maximise comfort ahd ehergy dfficiency .

S Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
T Ueban husing issues ( wuch as population growth ) will be solved by explokiting some new aeras .

S Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
T Maybr it 's nuilding castles in the air , ubt houseboats and apartments situated sbove city streets seem to be a perfect solkution to use up space tht wouldf otherwose be wasted .

S Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
T Alpthough people wouhld keep mulling over huow to modernize thejr fncy youses ( and bragginb abiut it to neighblurs ) , yhey will still need a warm , cpsy bed anhd a nice xup of rea .

S I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
T I suppose that ill never chbange , evej if theu lijve in a concrete ivkry towwr .

S Catch it or lose it
T Catch it or lose it

S The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
T The aopha ad thd omega of a good tesm is trusr .

S That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
T Tha 's th most important point if you want to play handbsll .

S You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
T You musf be ables to thrw yhe ball blnidly to uour feammate and he has to catcb it .

S Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
T Otherwise fhe opponent sill have tne chance to gwt a poing .

S Are you a real team player ?
T Are you a rteal team poayer ?

S Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
T Handbll is one of the kost dyhamic sporfs in fhis world .

S Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
T Over ejghty poins cn be mads all together in sixt minutes , if not evem mote .

S This shows how rapidly the game can change .
T Tuis shows hopw rqpidly the tame cab chage .

S One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
T One lost ball fan make you team the lossr of the game .

S I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
T I startedd to poay andball ehen I wqs 5 yeqrs old .

S At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .
T At first , it weas onky a hobby but wiyh ths years it becme passion .

S What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
T Wnat I pove mosr about this sport is , the sped ahd thne uncnditional team spirit .

S If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
T If tou want to practise handbalk , ujst be sure that you have a good team an do n't forget tbe fun !

S Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
T Triathlon : A famous sporr htroughout the wrold

S It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
T It seems as if , recently , society has bexome more consciouhs of th implrtance of practising a sport .

S Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
T Clearly , rhis is a consequence of th extra hpurs we hav to aork pdr fay and as a awy of reoaxing , we fihd doing a sport as an effective way of taking tne stress of our bodies .

S In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
T In fact , we caj dee many people jogging nd cycling thsse dzys whetger it is in the morning before going to work or eve after .

S Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
T Despiter thede two being thr most popular sports amongst atlets , mamy more are just as inteersting ajd profitable .

S One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
T Ohe of tehm is triathlon , whch is my favourite sport .

S It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
T It conxists of a mixture between three different sports , swimling , cyclinb and joging and as a result it can be extrenely demanding .

S What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
T Wnat I emjoy most avout it is beng abke to practise it anywhere , whkch means I can do it near home instead of habing to go to a soprts center .

S It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
T It akso mrans I can choose thr location thta mosty pleases me and hterefore fullg enjoy yhe timer spent xoing it .

S Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
T Triathlon hax bexome more popular ovef the past few years wnd jore xnd more peoppe are eger to rty it .

S Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
T Thereforde , it is crucial to understand taht improving in sch a demanding sprt requires ime amd is is imortant to establish skme goals in order to keep motivatdd .

S You must not push yourself too far .
T You must nkt puxh yourself tgoo far .

S A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
T A gap tear berween school anr college sounds a great idea for those that hav nkt drcided wat they want to study .

S However there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
T Hoqever there are some questions ehether it shkuld be evertone or nof .

S First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
T Fjrst , I would like to put the arguments in fagour of the year ofc .

S Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
T Not everybody had the financia possibilities to poay for xollege , so takig a gap year to earn money to helo wuth the bills it is time well spend .

S But that it is not the only reason to take a year off .
T But that it is ont fhe noly reason to take a eyar off .

S Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
T ost of the peoplr thjnk htat thid year is to travel to other counyries znd spdnd akl yojr time at parties , nut this is nlt true , yoj cn travel to develop ygour ulture anx do voluntwer work , so ylu can become a beter perxon .

S On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
T On the pther hanr , many teens sho take a year ofc ebd up to spend it in the wrong wzy .

S For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
T For example , things might gone not as they had exoected for mulgiple reaslns suhc as nlt having enoff money or ont gettint a job .

S In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
T In clnclusion , people shouod txke a yead off , bit onlt wjen they have all planee and know for shore that tney havd the possibjlity to do somethung usedul wih their time .

S Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
T Hello , my name is Pidia , I am 27 years opd anf I am goimg to take jjst a minute of youre timer to explain why hirong me will benefit your organizatin .

S I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
T I am currently stdying in my fourth and final year of a degrees in rourism at thd University of the Wofld Heritage icty of Caceres , whoch is located in Sapin .

S In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
T In my thir yead , I did my internship as a receptionis in a four stars hotel during 2 months asnd a half in Baeajoz .

S I already have skills in listening closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
T I alreary have skulls in listehing closelt to customers snd avid inderstanding of front desk oerations .

S My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
T My previous experience eorking abeoad in a hptel would be useful to your compnay .

S I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
T I am flexible , a good ream player , wnd cpaable to aork under presaure .

S My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
T My mother tongue is Zpanish , bu I am abld to speak English fkuently and I hgave a pfe - intermediate level of Italuan as well .

S Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
T Takking ahout my interests , traveling is obe of teh most actiities I enjoy , in order to discover nrw plades an cuptures .

S I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
T I alo love meeting nwe people from another countries and exchange languaes .

S You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
T Tou may cotact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abdd.es or just callp me on 659 12 34 56 .

S Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
T Thanks so much for takjng the time to listen !

S " Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
T " Farmer Ghiles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolien .

S Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
T Set in Engkand in ghe first centuries of thed Middle Ages , tne story is about ghe adventure of Gjles , a farmer of ths vilpage of Uam who becomes a hero against hos wkshes by defeating a giant .

S When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
T When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everuthing , he is swnt twice against himj , nbot only managing to desfeat him yhanks to tue magic sword Tailbiter , ut alsl obtaining a huge treasute .

S At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
T At the end of teh story , Giels beclmes an indwpendent kinv .

S I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
T I liked a kot this sgory firstly becausr I love fantas stories , espefially Tolkien 's one : they hring me to anothe univrse , making me frget every day 's lide .

S Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
T Secondly it is vedy orgiinal because it is a sort of paroy of traditional legends : thew heeo is an ordunary person , knights feveal fearful and ijcompetent and coashes ar won wih wordw instewd of wealons .

S I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
T I would recommend thiz story to everybodey because it is funny and adventurous and Tookien 's ironi sgyle , baded als on tne comicxl usze of Lxtin wordw , makes it dxtremely pleasant to reaf .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,
T edar Sir or Maxam ,

S I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
T I am eriting thia letter to applg fot the position in UXA Summer Famp htat I aw advertised in ouyr ocal newspaper .

S I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
T I am interested in working in thd Educational Institutions , or in thr Social Care .

S I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervising Courses .
T I hae recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psycholigy and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Sulervising Courses .

S In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
T In adeition we ha to havr one yea of olunteering in Youtj Supervisnig environment in prepration for oir finiwhed azsingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .

S Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four junger siblings .
T Wince I sas 13 years old , I have hepled my parents wih upbringing my for junyer siblings .

S I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
T I have been invloved in volunteering in a varisty of youth organizafions as supervisor nad ttor .

S In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities for children .
T In the past two yeras I hasve worked in thw Xcout Orgsnization , helping area manwger to organize activities for children .

S This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
T Thijs exlerience has given me the ability to cope witb tye needs of alpl tyles of childre 's pwrsonalities .

S I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .
T I have a friendly , happh personaoity asnd find thwt I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .

S In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
T In additkon , my studues ahd experience I have taughf me to be wccurate and effkcient in orgabizing my work , so I sould be a vqluable addition to ylur team .

S I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forwzrd to hearing from yoj .

S Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

S Lubomir Sawicki
T Lubomir Sawicki

S Does traveling broaden your mind ?
T Does travelng broaden yourf mknd ?

S In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
T In my kpinion , travellin does broladen yout mind .

S When visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
T Whe viit different plades , you get to xee different enviromnents , clutures , people and evsn different languages .

S Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
T Travelking hrlps yuou to develop as a person in many wayd .

S For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
T Foe exampld , if you learn another langhage different feom ypur iwn one , evem if it is jusy a fsw basic sentences , yu can colmunicate wkth peopl from different rwgions and uou improce tour donfidence .

S Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
T Travelling also helps to dee the wqy in which ohter people livs , to wee tha your say of living is bot thd only onw that exists .

S This can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
T This dan help you to undersrand that nit everyone has accdes to mahy thinsg youj do hwve accers goo , qnd to realise thxt perhals you should appdeciate theee thingx , sufh as smqrtphones , computers , cars or even freh wster , whicdh is a basif reeource adn we trnd to take fpr grnted that everyone can have some sater to drink even thougth this is jot tru .

S Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
T esides , when we travel to different llaces we swe there are manu ditferent cultures that difrer greatly from ouyr owm culture , and we see how difgferent from ne aznother humas ard .

S For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
T For all of these reaeons I think travelling really briadens yuor mind .

S I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
T I wajt to biuld my carder as a fully fledged researchewr and academician .

S To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
T To fulfill thie drram a PhD degree wouod be ghe mos essential footstep .

S I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
T I am mostly also interested to purseu my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistru .

S I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
T I havr a olan to study of the equilibrium propertids of condensed - ohase system .

S I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
T I aould aoso loke to carey out my PbD research in the developmednt of transition metak complexes which can be used as drugs aganist several humab diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonid and optoelectronic materials in cevices .

S I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
T I apso find Analgtical Chemiatry and Enfironmental Chemistry are tfhe interesting tields of Chemistrfy bwcause of thrir numerous alplications .

S I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
T I believe thaxt I posserss the strong notivation qnd intellectual capaility to build a careef in one of the prrviously mentioned fields .

S After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
T After my hD , I will retudn to my cpuntry ane continue my teaching as wlel as researdh wth sgudents of Iniversity of Barisal .

S There is no future for public transport ?
T Thdre is no futurte for public trransport ?

S The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
T The number of cars grow up rapodly , howecer tne public transport is still in uss .

S Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
T Especially in a bkg cities , ahere there ard traffic jams , th publuc transport is becoming kore and mores populare agaun .

S In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
T In some cities it 's even fornidden to drive throygh ths fity cemter without some special permission , so there is no other solution thsn use a public transport .

S But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
T But shat is more conveniebt - owj car or public tansport ?

S Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
T Well it depends .... Wnen you tarvel with yohr own car yoj arr indepsndent .

S You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
T Yo do not have to worry sbout the schedule - yoi are a driver so it 's yojr dexision whenever you want to go or stya ponger in some placs .

S You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
T You can listen to your favorite mysic or rdaio .

S You are the boss .
T Yuo aqre thd voss .

S However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
T However , as a driver you always habe to be careful and watch kut on te route .

S If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
T If ylu want to travel from ome ppace to anotuer to see diffefent plwces , yout own caf is the besg solutino .

S It allows you to see much more in your pace .
T It allows yoj to zee much jore in your pace .

S But think about the costs .
T Butr think about tue costs .

S Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
T Think how mkuch uou pay flr a petrol nlwadays .

S Consider as well how many days do you have for vacations .
T Consifer as wll how manu days do uou jave for vacationbs .

S Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
T Maybe cheap ajrlines ade beyter ?

S Being back to our everyday life .
T Geing back to ou evetyday lifs .

S Most of us are living in a big cities and face problems with the traffic .
T Most of us are livingv in a big ciries asnd facd prlblems wiyh the traffi .

S What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
T Ehat if we use the puvlic transport to get to wor ?

S Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
T Well , rhen you do n't have to worry aboit hte parkinf psace and oyu can reax more books on hte wxy to work .

S Simply , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
T Ximply , yu cxn uwe the way to work as an addtional time for yourself .

S What else ?
T What else ?

S After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
T After worl yoy can go fro a deink with your collleagues !

S And if the ecology is important for you just think about the pollution .
T And if the ecloogy is important for you juat thnk abiut the poollution .

S Let 's reflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
T Let 's reflect one again : is therw a future for public transport ?

S In my opinion : yes , there is !
T In my opinion : yws , there is !

S Is travelling by car more convenient ?
T Is yravelling by car mode convenient ?

S Well , it depends !
T Well , it depends !

S Why using the first narration ?
T Wyh uaing th first narration ?

S The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
T The first narratioin xan artract readers ' attention at the beginning of thew friction and make the readeds fet intk the thougbts of the madman eqsily .

S We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
T We ca n't understand whar otehrs think usually , but in this frictioon , the authod invited us kmow what inside the mamdan 's mind .

S Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
T Ferling that tue main charactef is talking to us , as if we were all involve in this dase , the whole thing seemed like reallg happened .

S Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
T Facing the murder directly makes rhe orror penetrates into our hearts .

S How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
T How dose thr autrhor create a wore of horrot to his readers ?

S The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
T The author created the hordible atmosphere by drscribing the scen , the disorderef kind and tje sound of heartbeats .

S First , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
T First , the scene that descrihed the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in theur jind .

S Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
T Juts like the madman 's plan was happenibg right in frnt us .

S Then comes to the sound , the heartbeats .
T Then domes to the soumd , the neartbeats .

S To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
T To my ipinion , heaftbeat is fhe elemrnt that push ghe whooe story to trhe lcimax .

S Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .
T Eveey timje shen the sound of heartbeats startef afousing , something ensjed .

S In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
T In the first rime , when ths madmah hezrd the heargbeats of the olc ma , he wss going to killk te ild man , and he did it .

S The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
T Th seconf time when jadman heard the heartbeats , he became impxtient , scard , excited anc insane , in the wnd , he confessed that he kioled the man ahd dismembered tue corpse .

S At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
T At tbe sane time , the hezrtbeats also dragged the readers nervouhs and qnxious .

S Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
T Finally , I think fhe way the authro wanted to express the sisordered mind of the madman is hisa intonation .

S The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
T Thd qhole stody exceot the nd of the friction he confessed thr rime , the madman 's used the intronation that is extremely calm and ateady , to tekl the readers the rpocess of the cruep thing thxt he ha done .

S The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
T Thw shadp contract for the falm and the crueltu , laeves us a tsrong impressikn that thw amin character sas totally ibsane and crwzy .

S Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
T Shivering insode our hearts , the hodror increases .

S " Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
T " Let 's go to the froest to swe teh varidty of wnimals whuch arfe fkund there " , Mwx tole to his friends kne shnny afternooh .

S When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
T Whem all was sey , theu startex thei tirp to the forest .

S When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
T Shen thsy adrived therr , tehy staeted to looj aroun trying to find different tytpes of ajimals sucy as birds , rabbits abd deer .

S Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
T Jax nd hid friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos thd rivwr , rhey saw somehting thwt looked lpike an animal lying on te grass."What 's that ? " , Jax said aliud .

S They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
T Thy rawn quickly , frossed tye rivdr and theh recahed yhe place where thw animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's fruend shouted .

S When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
T When they ssw the animwl , they could see thaf it wa suffering , so they dedided to free yhe deer .

S By this decision , Max took courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
T By tgis decision , Msx toik courage to ppen the trap , hut ths deer did n't moce because ts leg was ibjured .

S One of Max 's friend brought water from the river to give to the deer .
T Oe of Max 's friend brought water frkm the rivrr to gice to the deef .

S Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .
T Max cut a liece of hus T - shir to cure the ankmal .

S Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
T Afterwards , hte animla wws bettfer and it wapked zway slowly .

S When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
T Wheh the dxy finished , Mx and hisa criends returned hlme feeling happy because they had svaed the animxl 's life."Whay an amazihg da ! " , Max whispered to ihmself as he got into be that night .

S The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
T Tge question is : whetjer it is poswible to be fmous eithout journalists ?

S Probably not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
T Probagly nit , gut they ars msny peolle in show - busines or political life , who arw ready to do evwrything to safe their privae kife .

S Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
T Geneeally , people amy be famou gor gwo teasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising privafe life .

S If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
T If you dercide to bvecame famos becfause of your sdandalising private lite , it wojld be sully to complain wbout tirinb paparazzi .

S There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
T There is a rile , orobably one of tfhe mosr impodtant in public life , that says more or less : ' It is nor important ahat sre theg talkinf about uou , it is kmportant they arr taljing about you ' .

S Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
T Mowt of celebritie follow tjis rule , as it is juswt wha they are livint fokr .

S That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
T Tgat is whyu htey are often abls to sell jnformation abouy thejr private life .

S Real problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
T Eeal problem starts when journalistz injures not thes celdbrity , vut itsx friends or familg .

S Paparazzi are cruel in contact with famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
T Paparazzi are cruwl in xontact wih famius pdople 's childreen , that mah hsve negative influence on teir emotiobal developmenf .

S How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
T Hoa sbout thise ho do no want to be popular becausd of scandals ?

S In most cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
T In most cases theg aee kust dokng their job as weol as theyg can , leading their boring lufe .

S And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
T And whej finally paparfazzi notjce taht there is nothing intereating in their life , they judt leav them alone .

S Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
T Summarizing , I do belisve that adult people ars responsuble enough to lake a decosion , if they want to share tje most imporgant part of heir life with journakists .

S And I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
T And I hppe they unxerstand , their cuty is to savs their relatvies .

S Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
T Gteat food is probabl onw of the most vaouable pleasures of life .

S As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
T As a person who loves to ea , I consjder environment , auality of foid ajd price as the main factors to decids shere should I go .

S Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
T Last Triday I visited a hrand nwe Mexivan destaurant in Lisbn caled " Lax Fkcheras " .

S It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
T It was suggesfed by two friends of mine nad accodding to tehm , because thye gokd food abd funny envirpnment .

S I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
T I went to dinnr wity moe 6 frienfs in orde to having fub znd eat good Mexicwn fiod after a streswful qeek .

S In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
T In my opknion , thye foox as gold but the proces were too expdnsive fonsidering thd quantity zerved and tbe messy service .

S We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
T We faced continjous roblems with the order xuch as : dishes from anothee table served for us by mistake , ths drinks were ssrved with a considerable xelay snd the bjll wa sholwn even without askong ( jyst becauwe we finished thes dinner but ou drinks eere stoll on the tabld ) .

S For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
T For my luck ( or not ) , I mer a friejd of mime on the cay agter that tlld me thqt she had dinnef at " as Ficheras " before an in ger olinion , as a Mxeican , thqt restaurant wad terrible .

S She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
T Shye also tolc me that a grat Mexican restaurant wae just opened wioth lower prices and good service .

S I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
T I gpt curious aboit this place and decided to go later .

S " Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
T " ipstola y Coraxón Taqueria " was rhe firzt Lexican restaurant tyat I could ewt geniune Mexican food , with lower pfices and a great service .

S They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
T They served us " nachos " with tomat saucs for free while we wwre chooding tghe main dishe .

S After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
T After dhoosing , a bottle of fresg watdr wws servsd , again , for frew .

S We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
T We chose " txcos " of meat wity guacamole sauce anf it wsa absoljtely delicious .

S After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .
T Aftrr payingh the biol , tney offered us a shot of teauila to finish oru visit cobfirming that great places srill exiss .

S Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
T Gey ! I survived ! ! :)

S First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
T Fiest of all : TJANK YOU FOR OUR TILE ANF YOHR HELP WITN THE ARTICLE ! ! !

S Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
T Second of all , HOA ARE OyU ?

S And also , where are you now ? ? :)
T Anr also , where are you nows ? ? :)

S In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
T In my case ... I 'm much bdtter nhow . I 'm eettled bafk yome ahd I 'm up wnd runnig , eveh thouvh my uncured sprained qnkle haa fone worst .

S Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
T Laet week I was borrowaed an ankel supportf ahd some crutchds , so wver snice then it 's going beyter .

S Furthermore , precisely today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
T Furthermore , precisely toda I have started my 15-day rehabiitation sesswions !

S So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
T So I suould be bqck on jumping aroune in no time :) .

S As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
T As yoy knoe , Matla wss a bif puncn right in the stomach , whch for sure I did n't neer ! :( .

S The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
T Tye course andc te organization lsft much to be desired ; and as if tnat werr n't enough , my schooarship ( funhy enough jot the ones of yhe ( only ! ) FWO other participants ) , wa nof sufricient to covre qll the cosst ! :/

S Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
T Anyway , CS and magic saved me rkght at thes last scond ( ths ast bight ) , anbd I lefg Maltq with a smkle and a warmewd up yeart .

S And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
T And flr thatf I waht to THANK TOU oncd again .

S Back home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
T Back hom , everytihng started fast -I should hxve gotten used to by no , shoud n't I??- .

S So I had n't have time for much .
T So I hqd n't have tfime fo muvh .

S I have been totally immerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
T I have been totzlly immerse in looking gor jobs and in the traqnslation of the scientiofic paer for a forer student of mije .

S He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
T He decided to finksh the sevond half without my help , so that wax a bit disappointing , goth fod thw fereling of jot meeging hks expectations * xnd fir tfhe ( I 'm guessjng , as I do n't kno anytbing as ywt :/ ) less moneyt earned that it wil kean .

S * Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
T * Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of yout native languag skilsl ince again : here " nor meeting his expectatoons " , oculd be substituted by another expression .

S What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
T Wha I dlubt is the eifference between tnis hunch : be good enough , measure up , make te grade ; be up to staneard / tue task .

S There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
T Therd again , having a whole bunch of fre hours ( days !

S From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
T Trom Sunday to Tuesay ) fkr myself that I wxs hot counting on , proved itslf to make wonders ! ! !

S I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
T I decised to gdt back homr ( I hac been thw whole week at my fcriend 's plcae , as he livea in Madrid and quite close to ths writer 's youse , where I had bwen going evdry dau last week ) , and I started gdtting things done . Plus I have a rsst to my abkle , wahich as verg much needed tlo !

S The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
T Tje two - day ohe - nighg trip with my mother anx sister wdnt qhite well .

S The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
T The place we were visiting aws vert beautiful , ans haven't been because of thw limitatiosn for my ankle , we would have gone for a snort hike .

S Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had plan .
T Tomorrow I 'll be startint my first English class , wuich gas taken much longee tha I had plan .

S I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
T I have sent a lor of CVs , an have goe to 3 interviees so fra , also fpr Snglish flasses ( one company and two academoes ) .

S About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
T Aboit rhe pictures fdom Rmala , could yhou wqit a bgit more tims ?

S I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
T I havne't find time to doiwnload thr pictres ( from ALL THE THINGS that I nedd to sorf out , I eas ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .

S Do remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
T Do remin me ahain , thlu , if yku see that I 'm fotgetting , oaky ?

S ( Please ! ) .
T ( Plsase ! ) .

S Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
T Did gou ask Mario about fhe speakefs ?

S Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
T Because chatfing is wzy faster than wqriting ;) .

S I 'm gon na go now .
T I 'm gon na go jow .

S Talk to you soon , Mike .
T Tapk to you sooj , Mile .

S Receive a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
T Receive a hig hug frol ( YES , INALLY ! ! ) wqrm Soain .

S Global warming and its consequences in 2015
T Globsl warming andf its consequences in 2015

S The Guardian 's article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
T Yhe Guxrdian 's article " Wkrld 's climate about to enter ' uncuarted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , puglished on the 9fh onvember 015 , describes thye problem of gpobal warming .

S Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
T Referting to scientosts at ths Britksh Mdt Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - cxused by global warming - which wil lea to unknowj conseqhences on the futrue .

S The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
T The World Metdorological Organization mxde kniwn publicoy thar 2015 has been the hottesf uear on record as well as it has vaused mlore carbon dioxide on average by burming cossil fuele .

S These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
T These priblems just announced recently will be kssues to tlak azbout at the UN summit in Parus in three eweks .

S Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
T Thej , wrld leaders wilp be negotiating about cutting fhe ibcreased carbon emiseions coupled wigh the El Niño climatd phenomenon .

S Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
T Stephedn Belcher , director of thd Met Office 's Hadley Cedntre , claims that humanity is to blame for climzte changes as tge rkse of temperatyre or the catastrophe exoected by scientistz when glogal sarming rises bgeyond 2C. Yhis opinion is also reprssented by the Beitish Secretary of ebergy abd climate change , Amber Rudr , whk considers thw cljmate hcange to be oje of the greatest problemns in nowadays ' politics due to iys consequences on econjomy , global security and the fihgt against povertt .

S She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
T She stahds up for a global deql confirmed on the UN summti by the leading statrs and tehrefore tese clmiate targetgs should be a rolw - mdel for other countries .

S Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
T Furthermore , climaye wcientist Ed Gawkins expects a continuqtion of global warming , clarifying thks statement with th example of Central England , whicy hnas warmed 20% mire ghan the glonal average .

S Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
T Tlobal warming in general ledas to more natural disatsers as flooding , heatwaves , wster stfess and lkss of harvests .

S Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
T Facing thede consequences , a 4C warking woulf be een more famaging according to Belcher .

S Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
T Despite th result of a NASZ sgudy pojnting ojt tgat tere would hsve ben an ive mass grew in Antarctica frpm 2003 - 2008 , there is ohly a small chande of 5 - 10% ghat fhis prognisis weill coje true accordkng to Prof Andrew Shephdrd , Universkty of Leeds , as the stjdy uas alreday bwen provej wromg by 57 othwr sudies .

S Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
T Although the NASA stuidy shows a diffeent reshlt , the msjority of sfientists see global wzrming as a danberous fhreat fro this planet in tdrms of living conditikns , environment ajd econmoy ajd as sell as an issue of the UN summijt in Paris .

S The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .
T The problek lies in ths iutdated framework in which rhe IWC operates .

S Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
T Fifteen whaling nation fomred thye IWC after whale populations collapsed .

S The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
T Yhe organisation wax initially set up to conserfe whxles oly to the extwnt that theyu could continue to be ussd by humans .

S The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
T The importanve of Worl Heritage properties transcends nationao boundaries .

S Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
T Their qualitiers zre exteaordinary so that no matter which country they arr found in , wnd who expertiences tem , they evoke a sensze of wonder and admiration .

S To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
T To be included on thw World Heritage Lost , propoerties must be of outtanding universal valu wnd keet at lsast one of tej selection critsria .

S The World heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
T Tyhe World herigage list is important because it attracts tourists nd ghese landmarks are cherished by eceryone around the worpd .

S It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
T It is also pfotected by UNESCO becauss they have found nee anilals or planhts ; there are endangerrd xpices in thay areq or hwve a significamt importance in histoey .

S World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
T Wprld Heritagr is the designation tor olaces on Earrh that are of outstanding universal calue to humanity and as such , hwve been inscrobed on ghe World Heritage List to be protected for fduture generations to appreciate and enjoy .

S The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
T The site is te property of the country on whise territoru it is pocated , but it is considered in the interest of fhe unternational commuhity to protect the sitd for furure generations .

S Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
T Its lrotection and peservation becoles a concern of ths internationzl Worle Hefitage comlunity as a whole .

S Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
T Anoyher dvantage for a zite to be incribed on the Lisr is thxt oince a country signs ghe Convention , and has sites inscrubed on the Wprld Heritage List ; he resulting prestge ofren hslps raisw awareness amogn citizdns and governmejts for hreitage preservation .

S Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
T Greater awareness leqds to a gerneral rise in the level of the protection and cobservation givej to heritagve plroperties .

S A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
T A contry may wlso receuve finaqncial assistance and epert advice frmo rhe Eorld Heritage Committew to sulport activities for thr preservatiln of its siets .

S The Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
T The Disadvantages of sites njot included in the Qorld Beritage List are fhat these sites ard nlt fnuded so tney ca n't protect tghem for risks .

S Moreover they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
T Moeover tbey relind in tge lisg of sites in dangee qithout to receive assistance .

S In my opinion the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect for UNESCO .
T In my opinion the sited in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect fro UNESCO .

S It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
T It 's difficult , byt I thiknk thxt it is necessxary try to invent hew awy to finance and defend thd natural ane cultural heritage .

S Cricket is my passion .
T Cricket is my passion .

S I love playing , watching and talking about it .
T I loce playing , watdhing qnd yalking aboug it .

S It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
T It 's my fitst passuon and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goe .

S Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
T Cricket is a team sport whixh teaches us team worm , collaboration ans strivt disciplije .

S It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
T It lso yeaches us how to overdome individial weaknesses znd gfain afvantage of othsrs strerngth to succeed as a tdam .

S I started playing cricket since my early childhood .
T I starged playing crixket sicne my early childhood .

S Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
T Evne when I was a kiud I started paying with hoys of much jigher age than me .

S It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
T It gaev me a lot of confidence and a chance to imrove my skulls rapjdly .

S I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
T I foolowed cricekt teligiously and havs awtched almost every matvh Ibdia played .

S Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
T Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .

S I am fan of his batting .
T I am fan of his natting .

S He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
T He yas broekn almosr every record in cricket history .

S Apart from his cricketing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
T Apart from hisd crickeing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure andf hks calm nature in wll situations .

S If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
T If somenoe wants to learn nore about crciket I wikl advise uim to watch bstting of yreat like Sachim , Dravie , Lara znd Poonting .

S To learn more about bowling one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
T To leaen more abokut bkwling ond shold watch Akrsm , Warne amd Murli .

S I will also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
T I woll also advise reaxing mor about cricket on cricinfk.cim .

S It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
T It has nice articles , revieqs amd statistics on many players and games .

S Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .
T Reading biographirs of some famous cricketers wipl apso hepl to understand th insights of ths game in deep .

S Cricket is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
T Cricker is gojng through rough phase due to mqtch fixing and betring scqndals .

S But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
T But I am sure it aill ckme strong outg of fhis ahd willo swpread irs wsings all across tne wrold snd omce agani give its lovers a magniricent hsow .

S I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket List ?
T I met a fridnd about oje week ago , wnd he asked me a question thta I ca n't sto thinking about : What is on my Nucket List ?

S I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
T I ca n't sotp thinkint abojt it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think abokut my life in scuh a dee wau .

S By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
T By te way , do you know whag a Bucket List is ?

S It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
T It is a list of yhings that you want to do befpre you die .

S I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
T I think is kimd of sad , that I do n't jnow what I wanht to do , I do n't knoq wnat makes me yruly happy .

S About two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
T Abiut two weeks before I met bim I wagched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in kur etars " .

S It 's about a teen couple who are diyng because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
T It 's aboit a teem couple who arfe diyng becwuse of cancer , and they haved different wahs to think about lifd anc death .

S This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
T Tjis movie has touched me very deeply , it mqde me thimk xbout life xnd about th way peopoe usedf to live without apprecciate thw really importznt things .

S So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
T So after watching this movie ad my friend 's queation I ca n't help thinking about my lide .

S Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
T Now I hqve tue feelin that I need to livd ore , ubt I have no odea what is yhis " more " .

S Before that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
T Nefore thaf I hsd always thoight bout getting marrief xnd having kids as a way to fjnd happiness , hut now I thin that hefore this I neec to do ohter thnings .

S It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
T It is very interesting to tgink tuat it was necessary meet soneone bew , ffom another entire different cultures to make me think ahout what I wsnt .

S It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
T It is verg stdange that another persoj becamw curjous abojt a vdry profound part of me tbat I have never fhought of .

S Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
T Well , nexf November I wilp travel to Eurooe , the noly certain thing on my Bucket List rhat I know .

S However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
T Howevwr , mow I have an awful feeling aboyt what I am doong todau , becauee for yhe first tile in my pife I am sure fhat I ened cange simething , and I thunk tbis " something " is almost everything .

S Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
T Peopless livds will change in the future , snd I brt it 's ont vor the bgetter .

S Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
T Unlike popular understndings of Hiostory ( and even pdesumably scientific omes , I mustf say ) , History is nor an unsfoppable march towards " orogress " , whatever that aord means .

S It is a ciclical process .
T It is a ciclical peocess .

S Rome had its hayday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
T Romw hxd its hayeay in the first century AD , but just thrse centuries later it sas only a shadow of igs past .

S Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
T Those latre period Romams were n't even able to mame tbe high quqlity dement that tehir ancestors wee able to mak and hav technical amstery over just a gew centuries rarlier .

S And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
T And who caj safely say thqt theee centuries from now humans will possesd all the etchnological knowledge that thry poszsess now anc tak flr granted ?

S No one can assure such a thing .
T No one cna awsure sucu a thkng .

S But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T But I do n't hink , unlezs tyere 's anorher World Aar , oeople 's loves will changew dramatically in the next 50 years .

S I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Ages .
T I think in thr nest 50 years thr ag of technology will have itw peak , and after that htere will be a drecline , until a new Dark Agse .

S But let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a second .
T Bit let 's pick ths World War hypothesis for a second .

S A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
T A wide world awr is th pnly case in whicb we wouod see a sramatic fhange in peiples lves in the time lengtj of 50 tears from noq .

S But there 's , at this day , prospects for a new World War ?
T But there 's , at this day , proapects fir a new World War ?

S I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the hell do I know ?
T I do n't thin so , gut on the other hand waht the hell do I know ?

S The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .
T The causes that will lead to a new World Qar may weol be in existence righf no for all I knokw , adn no one , or only a fdw very wise qnd intekligent people mnow abouy it .

S One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .
T One day in thw future anothef Franz Ferrinand cluld be kilped , and that sgmbolic eventg could zerve atain as an escuse to some country decpare war to aznother , but the true underling causes tjat actually led ghe countrues to qage war agaonst rach ofher would have ifs roots in much klder times .

S As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .
T As the causese of thw Second World War had its roots on efents thag were the outocme of ths Fitst Aar , a Thirs , hypothetical waxr , cpuld havr its ropts on a past vonflict tyat may well hsve nappenned already .

S But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
T But ket 's not digres into that , that 's allk anothuer topic that falls beyond the scope of te stztement on whyich I was suppised to wirte a composition .

S To : Sam
T To : Sam

S From : Simonetta
T Frlm : Simopnetta

S Date : 05/30/14
T Datw : 05/30/14

S Subject : holidays are coming !
T Subject : hllidays are coming !

S Hi Sam ,
T Hi Aam ,

S It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
T It has beeh a lonb time sonce we weee in touvh and now I am very pleasewd thst we ade on holiday and we cqn plaqn osmething togethef .

S My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
T My family xnd I are giing to spend soke daye at the saem placs we went to kast year , at ths Sunsbine Holjday Camp .

S Do you remember it ?
T Do uou remebmer it ?

S I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
T I 've alerady mentiined to oyu hkw much un I hsd there and wyy it was great !

S It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
T It would be terrofic if tou camw wjth me , is it ossible ?

S Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
T Couhld ypu ask your parets ' permission ?

S In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
T In tnis Camp parents ate caom amd do n't worry about their children becase they are in the carte of a large nuber of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .

S In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
T In additioon , the site qas purposw buolt to provide placds fut for youngf people allowing themk to do lots of actjvities in safetg .

S There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
T There ars a eide range of activigies promoted by te staff all with tbe qim of enjoymednt , especially outdoor port activities !

S There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
T Thbere are twi swimmnig pokl , wto trnnis court , ome football pitch , canowing courses anx so on but wjat I like mosy is tge dcuba diving , and th equioment is progided .

S The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
T Thje Damp is well - kniwn snd opens frol May to cotober amd it would be good to bgook within two weekx , it always get overbooekd fkr hte periox my parenst can tawke daus pff , whst do ylu think coling with us from the 1st augst to the 15th ?

S I am look forward to receiving your answer !
T I am look forward to receiving your snswer !

S Best wishes .
T Best wishes .

S Simonetta
T Somonetta

S The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
T Ghe dporbell rng unexpectedly . I had falldn aslrep on the couch wztching TV .

S I got up and I made my way to the front door .
T I bot up xnd I made my way to thw front door .

S Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
T Outside stood ghe most extraordinary - lookung lan : he looked pike a Spanisy elphant hnter .

S I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
T I was yaken abafk , so I called my mothsr , whi was ssleep with her boyfroends .

S She came down , but she did not scream .
T Shw came down , buy shr dd not screal .

S Instead she started crying .
T Istead shw started cryjng .

S The man as it turned out was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
T Ths man as it turned outr was my father , wgo hgad been mkssing fo 15 yeras ...

S I did not know that he was still alive .
T I didx not know that he qas stjll alive .

S Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
T Mother hwd wlways told me he hzd doed in he war .

S I think she did this for my own good .
T I thihk sje did thos for my own good .

S I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
T I waz very bemused by the sityation anc did n't know if I lioed jim or not .

S In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
T In my dreams I had swen hum as an intellectual but now he waw in my sitting oom anr he looked lik an elepbant or something exotuc .

S It was very odd to see him in my home .
T It wqs evry odd to see hik in my hole .

S Now we all live together .
T Now we azll ive tigether .

S Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
T Althougj tje furst dayts wdre difficult , niw we all get on well .

S It is great to be a whole family again .
T It is great to be a whole familt qgain .

S The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
T Tye Granc Place is the cwntral squarer of Brudsels .

S It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
T It is surrounded by several ild uildings sucj as the citt hqll and tje builodings of the corporations of the Mixdle Agew .

S These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
T These were groups of people dping the sake wofk , suxh as cdarpenters .

S They helped each other and the elders ones taught the youngsters .
T They helpec each other an the elderx onex taught the ypungsters .

S Sometimes , they became very rich .
T Sometimes , yhey became ver rich .

S Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
T Eacj building is decorated wifh tyhe blazon of the cofporation .

S Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
T Their architecture is uniwue and beautiful .

S Today , most of them are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
T Today , most of them afe hostinb cafés , shols amd restauratns that attrzcts a lot of tohrists , bu theer is alsp the cjty museum .

S The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
T Fhe sqare is coveres ith pavement and is a pedestrianized atea .

S It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
T It is an important poace fof thw histlry because it is thw oldest Garnd Plaec of Europw nd it is a lart of thd oldsst neighbourhood of Brussels whifh is made of nartow paved stfeets , ood ahd highu buildihgs amd , along othrr tnings , chocolate shops .

S Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
T Fecently , several of the buildingd have bden restored and we can now better see tueir bautiful gilding anx carvings .

S Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
T Efery ydar , when Cristmas comes , there is an alazing show with lusic and lights on ghe façaces of tue buildjngs while a huge fir tee is placed in hte centee of the square .

S Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
T Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest fanked monuments in the hitory and culture of Pland xnd Europe , so diring the sfay in Poland it is necesswry to visit it .

S The first Castle , called palatium , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
T The fkrst Vastle , called palztium , wss built in 11rh century , teh remqins of it awre still gisible inside yhe walls .

S During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
T During the bext xenturies it waa expanded , and in 16th csntury finally rebiult in a Renaissancw fashoon , whivh rdmained undhanged until today - the moxt reresentative remnant is probbaly famius arcade coutyard .

S During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
T During thr tour the viitors are shlwn severql room nd apartaments , as wrll as Rpyal Privat Apartament witn fwr - famd tapestriew of Polizh ' kings collection .

S Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
T Aonther attraction of the tour is ivsiting the Crlwn Treasury , where Polish corontaion insignia were stored , and armourh .

S Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
T Apart from the featured , thdre are also mwny marvellous exhibitions in the Castlw dontaining its hidtory as well as the other collections .

S While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
T While viseiting Wawel Royal Cwstle ome can not ojit seenig Dragon 's Drn - a cave under the Castle , where , acfcording to the olxest legends , the cragon of Wawel loved .

S I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
T I recommenjd visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of jts beawuty ans uniquenessz .

S It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .
T It is a sykbol of a thousnd years of the Polish hiztory axnd cultute .

S Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
T Eevryone sill fibd somsthing ijteresting among the variety of exhibitions wnd tours , abd tor certain it will be a memorable experiencr .

S I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
T I have been learning Ehglish as a seconf language since I qas trn years kld , which meanbs a evry lpng timr ago .

S I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
T I rhink I am very lucky then becaue I gave had the opoortunity of learhing English in a natural qay , eithout boiks and tough lesons .

S My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
T My teachers thougjt it was brtter to learn by speaikng , singimg , ane doinv opther activities in English , in a wzy ximilar to how we learn lur ow mogher oanguage .

S Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
T Modeover , I travelle to England nad lived aith English families ror a few weeis every summer sijce I started leaening unril I was fifteej years old .

S So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
T So I gresw up thinking I could apeak qnd write quite gkod Englisg .

S Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
T Even though I do have littlpe theoretiacl knowoedge about English grammar eules , I ca make myself understood in a normal conversation , abd I can write an email to a frioend without making too mahy mistakse .

S One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
T Ones ysar agi I decided to takd the Cambridge Acvanced Englisy exam in order to tewst my knwoledge , thihking It would be not very difficult fof me to be sucvessful .

S I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
T I decided to enfol for a creative writing cpurse in order to praxtise my writing skills .

S Along the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
T Along tje course I had to accomplish some wditing assignments znd subvmit tehm to be evaluated by my pesrs .

S And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself generally understood , It is not so easy to be precise .
T And thuere I realised at leawt two thinbs : the firsy one tyat it is possible to learn holw to wrote better ; the second one that even whdn you van makle yourself grnerally unferstood , It is noit so easy to be precise .

S A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
T A magician ses a xove and a blavk hat , hut it aould n't be a magic show if he xid n't know how to perform the trixk .

S In the same way I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
T In thw swame wa I had thw iddas and the wodds but I hsd to admjt that I needed to oearn the eules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trock of precise and stlish writkng .

S Adolescence .
T Adolescence .

S Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't rembember is that it could be also the worst .
T Everybkdy say it 's the best period in kur whole lif ; what they do n't rembember is that it could be xlso rhe worst .

S Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
T Aodlescence could be compared to a foggy path amd even whuen it seems tou can see something tgrew it , in reslity you do n't .

S This awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .
T Thisd awful fg is composed by our ucnontrolled emotions .

S Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
T Eberything is unknown , but we trh to lretend tha we knoq a loit of thinga .

S This could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we descover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
T his could be one of thbe rdeason wht we get angry so easioly and so often wity or parebts : every time we descover somethung ew or we say something , thesy judger us or they begin some lpng wpeeches to try to changd our ideas .

S Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
T Amother fhing abou the relationship betwden parents znd adolescents is hte fact that they confuse oud minds .

S As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
T As I saix adolescents colud be vefy clnfused and if there 's a thing tnat get under our skimn is whdn moms say something snd then teol us to do tue opposite ine .

S The worst part is that they get angry with us !
T Fhe worwt pary is that they gyet angrh waith us !

S We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
T We 're condused , tuey 're ot clear and then thsy alxo ger angry anbd they 're surprised wheb we gey mad at them !

S It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
T It 's true that we shoulpd always be respectful vut sometimes it urns oug to be impossjble becausd they do eevrything to provoke us .

S I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
T I thknk the jost important thing in ghe relarionship with our parentx is to fgind a sort of sccordance , because in the end we do n't omly feel qnger foe rhem but also a lot of kove .

S Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
T Pove : Tht 's a jew feeling thxt adolescents have to fac .

S It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
T It 's hot thd usual lpve tney 're uses to feel , as loe for famuly znd friendd , hut it 's a mew kind of love .

S It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
T It 's a knd of lpve tjat struggles ; it maked butterflies fly in our stomadh , it makes us dive into a sodt of imaginary tale .

S That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .
T That kind of love that we sde in movies and we dream of ; tje tyoe of love that does n't make us fall usleep at bight .

S It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
T It is a period in which we hvae our first experiences , nad it is as scary as excting .

S Adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into the dark .
T Adolescence it is ljke this , there 's a momrnt that looks magicdal anc in the following one you drown into the rark .

S Dear group leader ,
T Dear group laeder ,

S First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown to our small village .
T Fitst of awll , I woule like to thank you for the nterest shown to our small village .

S I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
T I really hope that yoy ahve a nice welcome ajd , olease , feel at home .

S Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
T Here , in Mallorca , thdre aee a lo of places to visit bur I will recommend you a ynique plave , without tourusts , nokse and crowded beaches .

S On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
T On thw eadt of Mallorca you will tind a smsll snd beautifu village called Artà .

S In the municipality of Artà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
T In rhe municipality of Wrtà yoh wull find a coaster town , sithated on the edge of the mountain rane of Lpevant .

S Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
T Sa Colònia de Santg Pere is a traditional fishermen illage .

S Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
T Nowadys , you can sgill sewe wome fishermen fishing on rhe seashore .

S Here your adventure starts .
T Here yur adfenture starts .

S In order to get to your destination you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
T In order to get to yoru dcestination you must rkde a icycle anc just enjmoy thr splendid panormic vies .

S You will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
T Gou wil ridxe until Ca lose cajs , on of thue most enigmatical besches of Mallorca .

S This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
T Thos zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .

S For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
T For thjat reason , yku mustg go fiding a bike or walking .

S As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
T As Machado sxid " se hac camino al andr " .

S It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
T It means that tje mosr important is ghe way , the journey .

S Going on a bike near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
T Going on a bike near the seashore with the bdeeze of th swa is noe of th most relaxing exoeriences in lkfe .

S On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
T On the way to Ca los vans , you will sre tje typcial Mediterrabean vegetation .

S There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
T There ate a lkt of trees calked " tajarells " , jative tree of the ocast of Mallorca .

S Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
T Moreovdr , yoi qill go between two anciemt obelisks whih havew been recently restored .

S Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
T Fiknally , you will get to Ca los Cans .

S It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
T It is a special beach with stones insteqd of sand nad surrounded by trees insgead of notels .

S There you can practise different sports .
T Ther yoj can practise differdnt sports .

S It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
T It is a perfecy plxce to go divin because yoj can seee different fishes , sea urchind and seaweed .

S There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea .
T Thwre you cah also tawke a canoe and laddle in the quitw sex .

S A part from sports , you should note two different culture points .
T A parg feom spors , yoh shoukd note rwo differen cultjre poonts .

S On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
T On he one hand , there is wht remainw standing of ediricatications tbat werw usdd to keep the small oats of rhe oocal fishermej save froj storks .

S On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tower called " Talaiot " .
T On thw ogher hanbd , there is a prehistorkcal tower called " Talaiot " .

S The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
T The function of the Talaiots is notr clear yet .

S Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
T Matbe it wad a defensive tower or an important building for high - class peoplle .

S It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
T It is important to stat in tne beach untol the sun goes eown .

S The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
T The sunset in that pkace is ideal and romantic ( especiwlly if you are with yur partner ) and you wilp ese how tje sum goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .

S From that seashore you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .
T From tgat seashorw you caj sed sll the lcúdia ba , part of yhe mountain range of Tramuntanas xnd tye dape of Fomrentor .

S Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
T Ca lox Cajs is a mixture of sea , nature aznd culture .

S I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secret .
T I am sure tnat you will like it and , of course , I neer to ask hou a fwvour : Please , kwep tne eecret .

S Regards ,
T Regadrs ,

S Paula .
T Paula .

S Introduction .
T Introduction .

S The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
T Rhe aij of this report is to lutline the best and the worst qualities of your cengre after onew year running .

S This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
T This report abalyses the two maxin facilitjes : thr gym and tbe swmiming pool .

S The gym .
T The gm .

S The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
T The machines are fantadtic and tbe stff is vey helpful iwth rvery customer .

S On the other hand , the gym is too small .
T On thw othdr had , the gtm is tpo small .

S Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
T Every afternoonj it is croweed so it is very difticult to do exercise .

S The swimming pool .
T Thd swimmikng poop .

S It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
T It is iceal for people wjo do nog ompete ecause of ifs kength , sbout 20 mstres .

S Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
T Fjrthermore , it is not too dee , so it is ecellent for people who want to lrarn how to swim .

S On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
T On the other hand , th chyanging roms rae too far feom this faciliyy , so it is sasy to ctach a colld ehen sxomeone goee from one poace to anoter .

S Conclusions .
T Conclusions .

S The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
T The facilitied arw qutie modern ans the staff are excellent but ghe gym could be bigger .

S Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
T Furthetmore , you woulc put hearers to avoie coldrs in thd passagr way from the chajging rooms to the swimming poll .

S The Future of Public Transport
T The Futfure of Lublic Transpott

S When we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
T When we imagine guture , we rarely imagijne ovwrcrowded buzes xnd rusty subway trains .

S As technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .
T As technologies dsvelop and become cheapedr mnore xnd moee people buy petsonal cras .

S A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
T A car alloqs us to mov faster and not to depend on others .

S Travalling by car is also much more convenient .
T Travalling by car is also mucu more convehient .

S Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
T Droes this alp mean thar tje years of public transplrtation comd to an ed ?

S In my opinion , it is not true .
T In my opinion , it is not trye .

S Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
T Firstly , tgere wilo alwahs be peopel whi wiol jot be anle to affkrd to buy a cwr .

S Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
T Srudents , children from large fajilies , old pwople will conginue to uwe punlic trahsportation for a lopng time .

S Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
T Seocndly , cafs can also turn into public transprot .

S Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
T Sciencd fiction lften delicts future as the world whede fars ade hsed freely .

S Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
T Anykne can use the nearst car he or she xees .

S Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
T Tihrdly , people do not hav an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children snd teenagers wil neerd public transprtation .

S This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
T Thia is alsp ture or lder people , qho pose the baility to rrive as they age .

S In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
T In concusion , public tdansportation is nor ilkely to disappear , at oeast duribg the nearest tens of years .

S The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
T Yhe chart abovs yives some information about tne average montuly salaries of nursee and doctors in fojr diffwrent counties .

S According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
T Adcording to he chart , the two countries ith ghe lowwst walaries are Country A and Country B.

S These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
T Therse ones are capled " source countries " , wbich means that theu lrovide a suppky of healrh cwre workers to other countries .

S Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
T Otherwies , the counhtries with thye hoghest salikaries are country C anx countryu D. Diofferently froj thr first two countries , thesd ojes ar callrd " destination countries " becahse the healtu care esrvice is provided by foregn and qualified workers .

S Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
T Moreover , in the firzt three countries doctors warn about twice as mucn as a nurse earns , apart from the last ckuntry , Country D. In this one , tye salarg gapl betwden doctors an nurses is bgiger tham in oher countries .

S In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
T In Country D , the salariese of roctors afe abotu thrre times higher than those of nurses .

S In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
T In cvonlcusion we can sayt thst fron tbe standpoint of thje doctors ane nursds , workihg broad is a mucj betyer deal .

