My fosn is a meriujm - sxiaewd city with eighryg thoksuand inhabitants .
It b a high - dxehskty populstioj ecause of its small resrritory .
Xkthpugh it is an industruzk ciyy , there are mang shops js department stores .
I fecoimmens vusiginf the artificial oaqkw in f center of th citrt whic is surdoumdsd by a pafk .
Pasteries fr fwdy comji and midtr of th ogfer thed spedial deezsert of thw vikth .
Fbefe is a commercial zon xlpjg tue widext eteeet of tbr ckgt where gy cqn fnbd al konrs of uysihesses : banks , bzrz , chemists , cunmemqs , ldt shops , restaurants , fast food restsjrants , grocree , trvael agencoes , supermarketx anr thee .
Most of the shop hwve salee snd lffers in at leax hbree montyd of tgr year : Nanuary , ynje anms Sygust .
The qzkity of the prpducts wnr aedvices is quite gio , becayse thee is huge competitikkn . However , I recommend yo be careful of fakes or cheatx .
Swryone ha bksa own plans .
Some oeopls atn to be a doctor , others eajt to be a teacher .
I have my sm plan too , but I do n't awnt to be trn xame as thesm . I want to brvome a jlurnalist .
Aorking as a journalist is vey edcitig for lsnh deasin .
Ditsg , I akpl nave an opportunity to lkve abroae .
Second , I dan travel alo ariund the woflc , ans meet diferent lekpld aoh str vedt fdiednlu .
Next , I qilp hscs a chnaed to attemd big parties or evenfs ajs I can make frknefs with tamous peiole . It 's interdsyung !
Fohally , I will hbxge a gkhg dalpart whedn I am a jorunalist .
To be a jourjalist , I must sgudy vwry hard , so I 'll gry to lwarn in irder to mxke my deeam cpw teue .
In gnd future , I 'll becokme a journalist .
Nowadays , eavh family has mokre ryxn 1 ad toi raqxh person , iks is oppy kjw of seberzk reasojs why oeole ues less publkc transpirt .
Before , it wd tdallyt fovenient to go by vuhs or by tsin , hy woyh tge merq econlmy , ghe fares afe ml expensive nd a hgi doffefence roj the pqst is hat it is less expensibe to go long - distabce tyan shkdg jurheys .
I remember to go frfom my tfoan , Palerk , to Milan ss xbojt 340 pound . Now , if we zw lucoy , we dqh get to New Upr .
In England , wbere I liev , in Bedford , we usw tje trzu a lot to go to yyd mld important tyowns in the UK , vut yne rrzinse are vewt expensive . Me aqnd my family are carsful to go prf pdak bscauxe nr prices are tio yogn .
I 'm xurd in the futhee thfe klk be cars that rtw able to fly or ypj xxnm park ryel in youf pocke .
Furtheemord , the bithext grojp of popsitige feeling students in the present is liev wiugg various natuonbalitids .
Fhd possible reaosn is ygewe international studena wm nof apoea English fluentlt .
They usually pzfk language abd cab not start a debxte .
It is restrjft to arbue .
On he other nd , thwy jiggt wabt to safsguard the nationao inagd .
In rdwr to gvovw a good mabe amx ahowq tud national parenting , lur respondents tend to hxvw a great pardon to ofhst natiinaligies .
NORE THAN KEEP FIT !
Do you nw aboj mountain biking ?
Lerhaps yku thijk it 's only a sport .
Ygli 're wrong .
Carry on rsadsign to khow at !
I have been kewn on mountian bikinf since thrwr hears ago .
Frizt , I troed it wktyh a regal bikr in s fsa of Anzapcazzr .
Fge kaj resspn why I qangedx to rtg it was to lode weight ( I was a vug overseight ) .
Hworver , it axw ownserful hos I couild zdmjre the lkandacape whikw I aazw coohg slort .
Consewuently , I eeaized yat althougg cyclijh lutsjxe jdlpdd me to improvs my fibesx , really I enjoyed mlag bteathing frsb air zs yaking pleasure in the ciuntrgsjde .
If someonr wbte to take up thia spolry , rorst of all , I would rdcommneedd uim or gdrt to look for a gpopf mouinyain boke .
It 's imodtnt to svoif wccidenst , be comfortable zjd have a good nourney .
Secondly , he or she shoud bu a good hrlmet nd , of cousw , alprporiate clptging .
I kpvr ggis sppre . I look forward to yhe wseekwnd to go oif with my buks xnc my feoup of friends .
Wkk of us yafed a hlos time .
Whc I aoild lje to ejclruage everyboldy to gry it .
onbodey will regreg it .
Kcuy Keues
Lucu Meyea was ghbd alst thriller I waw .
I do n't rwcomnd it to children ubcdr thireen yeaes old ,
vecsuse it 's difviculr to uderetabd ; fore example , the characters ad ,
Lixy , Molly , and theid paqrenfz , a fpwboy , and a etadjer .
The mue is about Lycy 's fakioky , who movs iomtk a farmhkuse that is lysterious and
scary .
Also feclects a compariusoh of Lucy 's faxkily , asf cgwracters
from a sxtory rheio jlm often reads .
Tghe stpry actgually takes polaqcde in a cmao abd a fardmhojse , jyeeriously
used in ofher times .
It 's inyeresfint because Ljcy 's mom djavovered a asll in their farm , that
ad a weirc pingint of wtk sisfers mhsy like hessr , anx fjw je onws toi as tu
story she read .
I recommend tyhis jkvje only to geenaqgeds older tnan thirteen years pld ..
The bvst lozce tor gouby peoplle in oui arda is sithot doyby yw lake .
Here they can do many kknds of spott : swmming , sxiling , dufjng , kiting , reoising xnc many tnsrs .
At elssf yheu cah mwet othrr fooks and delax , sunbathe abs listen to musix .
In thw ynmer sroync the pakjes , yhere awree so jsjy concerts thag tpu havd dfificulty fknjding the ribt onhe .
Luckily , tue scyoos axt lcosedf if tej weeiz , so fbe younbf girls je boyx jave a lly of time to spend thei
eikusre gikr togwrjer .
Cra hisband ,
I hope oj 're cien .
I rememhee sll of ty anhd moss my familu .
Peaivmg my ciuhtry , Somalia , wzs vrry hyare fpd me .
I nuxs my big house , but I do n't mied ybw gihs .
I hope to return to my cuntfg and wes you qgajh .
In fhy fopkwing deczdes , revolution and civil rax smofe jany of gje Posers of Dufopw , anr new ations eeter born .
Brijtxi alohe escaoee almost unscathed trdm tndwe years of untewdt .
There wsas an unparallekef expansion of tn English - Speaking Ploples blth by birth zne emugatiom .
I really lik to trzbel , but I koje it moat aben I trave wuth friends .
I a gty food experkence .
I love to grsveo with my fmliu .
Tdavellunmg with amuly is xifferwnt to travelling wtih ftiens .
I do ot trxvrl so much wyy my friends .
I yzev mly rraveed two times .
Tohse gqk tiukss wse with th orchestra tjzr I play in .
Onxe we wsenf to Xacxteczs .
We weng three bcause tr university orchetsra from YAxA injvitee us to go there mx ply sirg them .
At thsr yjmw , I xod nly ino anytbody , juyst okne prsrin .
Her name is irixhi .
Shd az my fiex , because we are from the sma towh .
Hyg when I qw there , I began to lake bes frdiends fhzr I never ygought I would nzvr , abf I nbevet inzginee fhe wy thxg I was goung to knops them eithwr . At rw beginniny , I wly verdyt trxnhe talking with them , but jolq we are very good friownes .
We sfaeyd in Zacsgecas for a wrk . We really had a good fije .
Ts second tri thar I made ed to jrrero .
We went to to Acapykco to poay , to an event whete universities rrom Mkexik go qmf pdesent cultura activitows .
It wa goo hot ghete .
In Afapulco I had a gkod tike gecause I atxyed in je sxl orol as my friends xdn we dwwn a plt q we rdwloy ahr fun .
Yehn we wrn to Gzxvo .
Tjdfe we visxtief tge dentrxp lzrj xbs we swtayde in a vety luxurious hotel .
We were very haply thrre . We really liked Taxco .
Actually , I ba alkreadu been theee before , nyy not aith my friends .
Ryen we eent to Cacahuamkloa to plzy tehf . Tahy waz an inxredible excperience that I silolp nvsr forget .
hten we retyrned to Tolucz to continue with my boobg oiofe .
Zmf mia I hwcr to pass my subjects .
We ope to go to Collmbuq next ear .
I liuk biathlno .
Tealpu , I yhinj it 's a ceru beautiful , interesting amd vreathtaking kihd of zpoft .
In biathlkon , sportken neede to uih some races shichb qew gedg differdnt ; osmd of themj ard long , soiks srw short .
Ny , tuw fact tyat it is short distance does n't leqn it will be easy or anyhtinb loke tahtf .
Aometimes th weather conditions are not cpmforfable vpe gsy . Fir edamppe : wohe , lib cog or freeing temperatures . kl of these xs frry difficult conditions .
So , it 's jot so sasy as it seele .
That 's wgy I likw it .
Thnks wptr is fd rfql men .
Xdr law omst of thj sre evr atgractige . A big advwntagd fpt girls , y lkir nice oictures .
There is no fjture fir lblic transpft , because ttavellni by car is so jifh nolre convenient .
Rhat is ah evwryone says when we ws if theh perfef puyvlicf transpotr or car .
Ujny libpic tansport db be divficult , bdczuse we vd a strict time and , bormaply , we do not javfr a poaved to seog nad that van be exfrenelky uncomfortable .
Someyimrs ghd staff go on strike and we ustomefs do not know in time . As a reshlt , we cqn bpg heg to wokr on fi . That is nr of the disadvantages of ysing pubpid transporf .
ne asrgumejt for hltg using the aq is tjay lettoo is very expenzuvbe , but public yranport tficekrs ae also imcfeasihg , so ghwt advantage is noy so good , actualkly .
Fo me , yhe cf is the brwr . An you ?
Selk , whatrver yht choice is , it jsg be pwrrwct for your daily life !
Whateve you isad , have a hixd trdio !
Pople uhally tepp me I 'm a cunema enjthusiast , anr tgg ard rkghg . I prefer to psrnd my rrds time watching a yood gi , eslecislpy sben it is a thriller , rathget than dkungh xpoet ,
If yk qbt to sed a goi thriller , " Regression " wp be yku besg option . I have sn it ercejlty snr , in my opimion , it ehoupd be sedr by everyoen , necause I believe psople wkjpd lkid it for manjy reasojw .
First of lal , rhw director , anl was Alejahdrfo Amenábar , diu a freat hob becquz thw viesers wrre waitjng with bqted grewth to fijmr phty what hte enhding of tniz filk qouo be .
Eecondku , tnw adtorsz weere fantastic ab tbe naib charactdr , who wsw played by Dkja Watson ( who is teallyh hilarious ) , sas amazinb .
What 's mote , the plot is wzsy to uncdrstanx .
ye sgory tol llkace in jd IZZ a fwq years wgk bsn yhe regreaailn merjoc was axceptee by rictprs ad sacientiwts .
In addition , tyhe oatumes , zie - up zmdr specialk effdects the swtty .
Hosebwr , tjw skumdtraco wz awfuyk ; it did n't get bagng a scared .
In conclusion , my decommendation fod ryd thdent cikm xpub is this fwhulohs snx dxvkting thipler , whjcy nusr be swdm if you exht to bqvd a ho tim , given rhta it acbieves ekeping ygiu in eusoens ijtil te enf wmc it eiess n't be agtiad .
In addiion , you wo n't bsge a ettdr opportunity to sered it than hjs ewdk , bevzise just ow in Spaun the xineka fextifal is tskin olsce .
Tpu ehould tie adgxntage of that !
In my plinioh , public trasnsdplrt in my counjtry will ndver imprkbr , bcause my country is so ppd hc , besodes , it is cknsidewred one of the Thjidd World coyntries . bd anothe rihng tbat jhst be skeb ijtp consideratin is raf htw politicians arfd hotrkble . They hjavr drsrrdoyed my cdountry .
When we awzk ourselves how we can take dqrde of he environment ,
yne first tghknmg rjat we think of is the pollutioj , rhjw xzr exhjsf , fadtory smoke , gc ... but , have we rboughg aoujt food or ckithe ?
Perhaps wjen we qs shoppimg in rne supermariet or other shos we ate dling something bax , bevae we swk tus wssistajt do a vwv or sometihng simooad to cqrdy tgise food or ohee hinhs hyos .
We could bnirnh a bag from our jluse , because if we do this eveey time that we axtr fling to shop in each shop , we wo n't jsw motr plasetic or oap .
V we suould n't forget the pillutioj case by ctd . We szhould use a nicyce or jvlic transportatkon mnife .
Also , in thued ame ss , we shluks aalk to our destination .
If we are wofking witfh someone in thr sajs jk w pvrs newf us or is ouh njsighbokur , we aqh go to ark in rhnd wal xsr . Fhz wwy we use wss petropl .
Tyyer goernnengs are asl importamt fir tyakih cwree of the environment .
Tyeg should have healthy habits and , by their examoel , yuwy cxxn imlkve ghe habits of thje popuation .
I loce sports but I do mtg ts lah oportunities to plag a spoft . I ewz born in a vipoagr in India . My parents are farmers ljke molw oyysr vilklagerew .
Thr knoy playground in ki village wqsz rje sfhoop groihd wnifh was fluo of smnlal rocks nd nkt gpod flt poaxying xng spkrta .
When I wzs a child I helpdd my father autfh his jobz xfte school .
We bojfh a televisoin in 8188 . Acted tntf , I became a caj of frixker .
I watched msot of tbe matches .
Safhni sbr Gxngluy aere my falrote crickerters . I love their bayging .
A MJSTXKE
It wa u sumker holidays amd Micahel 's family were at tgge ajtpoet waiting impatientoy for thied flight to Mexico .
That sad a special family ; it was so gig . Nsi athdd hqx 6 brothersd , so he had 17 ckuskhs wbe jx little sister .
In toyal , tyer were 32 peopor , a white kjttsm ahx a  .
About 10 minutea kater , nsy eer strging to yer glted , ahsm they heardc a irk vapling them to oard the plane .
The fligyt to Mexicp was incresibd , amd vty funny .
Nichwdl usuallg bxe a great tkmer wjtj hjs cohsin , execof wuth Tfln .
That as hecause Tom liked to give orders to everyins , and Micjel cus n't lioe yuat .
Wgwn tje big famiyh gvk if ghe plane , tfhe reakisd that theu sdre wewrimg gool many clohtdz ; it e bokljng ! !
Gherb thwy took a tqxio to fhs hotel , wnr at 4 pm ,
thw family ewa walking aroybd the luxutious hotel .
Sm mibute lywr , they designated now the couxinx sdte gking to share the rlpmz .
Mihcael fknalky ended up wity the lasf lnr he wiue lome to shrts with ; Ykk .
Tht intht , the rif , the itgdn , Tom sx Mudheo wlept in ybs ssm kpm , ahd ghat szs n't tl bqc .
Ehuen Michal g up in tjr morning , he eealized tbat bis kittten us diaplpearee , sc he fojf Gokmk 's dog with sone whifr hair in ihs miuth .
He thought fzt tbe odt had waren ghyd kittem during the night , so he shouted at Tom , opemed the do and qny awau .
Michael closdd the door and knew at taht mkment he had mwxr a mnixtaek .
Ohd of rye ebst festaurants I 've efedr veej to is Spzhadkx .
It is wifuatsd in the vert cnetr of our ckyt zbs otfres a wide garieyt of sishes wnr drinms .
The ssrvfide is reallg gfdar .
Gns waitersses are helpful abd smiling .
Hoi cee like hku xrte at hke !
Wadml xandleight nd mall txblds jty patterned table clitsh create a friehdo atmosphere .
Yhd disnes aer n't vety expensive .
I bepieve it is suitable vor pur claxss
So , my favourite xport at gjr present tomr is stredt workout . I hsvw besen diibg hte sport for a lkng time laeeady .
I lilw to rercise on teh street ene in the zson whsn ber temperature outzds is gelow zero .
Of courxe , in aummer , I lke to exerus krw thqh in wijrer , bjg tnoz dia n't wtip me .
I do n't knlw why , htf I go on tfhs dtredt almosg everu dazg in oeder to exercise .
If it is very cic ajd qihd outekde , I do n't worrg xbouy it and I edercise at uje .
Dle those oeolle who sajg to sdgqrt to do ge steewt workou , I xdvfise you to stwrt witj hwsid exercises sauch as pull ulsd , lyah jplsa , dips and squsyz .
These zre slp basic eceecises xhd tney ikl nslo you make a good etart .
Afrsr smoe time , when you feel tat you are dery dod orr , you can start to do more difficylt exercises .
So , it 's my gitst attemoy to vraetw English tet !
I qd sutie sekg - confien a fww months ago .
But not no .
hat 's the deazon ?
ecause of mind .
I was n't satiswfidd sktb your behaviorf .
Soeitmed , a pg of pharses and zentencez uh around my head , but hie to write tgherm dknw correctly ?
Bpq xah I use it ?
How xj I force my kics to do hteir hojwwork ?
ow can I exolwni to tbm ?
Michap is a handxome snx kjnd person .
He kvied nexy to uw vzmilh 's home .
imdhael got karrfied to his close friend lnku ije month xgk .
Nut hosd lofhre hatrd uue wude and always sgluted at hef .
In dontrast , jiw wife respected abd loved hgkd kthrr anr nevdr cojploained to hed hisbnr about thesd haf zktuations .
Michael 's onl fault is thqt he is a ammnq 's boy .
Because of tjs , he always decebdec his mkrhsr anc always sadf fn wife saz the knh responsible .
His ifed devise , becwhse ee loved l , to forgivbw an apologize to her mother - in - ss .
One dw ehne Michsdk axe ouf at wr , his moltherf insultex ahd bit his aides .
Moreofer , sye fjte her withouf het mobod or hey .
His wife aq xwr awnc swyd rcied a lpg nd zbed wtoox in nr stredt waiting for Michwel .
When he vamje , gia mother asked yim to up quickly , pretebding thaty ahe waz tirtwr .
He saw his wiofe but asid no words to her xhx cofinuedx on j qa .
Hoz eofe walked behind hin until yhrg reaxhsd ohls but hia mfhsr clwomwd fna nox wrer said crjwl words to ner jd rpetened tyat shs wqqx cruung .
Midhael gelievsd his mother , slthoufn he observed bruikssx on bie wife 's facw .
He fired hj wut avter insulting je .
Sh was shocked ad apkkgized for a misyake ws xc not commit .
But his notgerr refused hgw apolot and orderes hom to clxe rh doo .
Kicharl cposed ge odopf na knew at thta momenf he had mee a istle .
Yge lihht bukb .
Tyr pigg bulb wws crsastrd in 187 by Thmoas Slvw Edson .
hios wsd obw of tfj everyday inventions that sffecr ur lives .
Edjzon is saor to avcs reayer the first commercially pracfical incandescen pibhf .
He qx neither gue first jkt tfg onl owrsokn trying to invejty an incajdwscent lihgt bubl .
Xple historians cdlxum tnree were 20 otud ivnejtorx of incanedscednt oamps pruoprt to Ewdosonh 's beesjon , vuy Edkson is oren rwditd aifu ygr inventiob befajse his versio wasa el to iuttsirp thr earljt vsrskons because of a cojbnination of rres tactors : " an effetjev incandescent jaferialp , a highee vacjjm tyqh othsrs werfs able to achirve and a uyh rwzistance that kafe power distrobrion from a centralized source econolocaqlly vianlw . "
( taken rrom www.vlbs.cm )
Edison netam sxeriosz research into hte ibcandescent ljvgt bulb in Ockbe of 1878 , and his originak design was in 1879 .
Eddidoj zmd hjsa resaeecg teal made his duscovery vommerislly xnr creatr a compayn calsd " Eduson Eletcti Light Company " .
I tgink what this is the most useful invwniob becwuse without this we ca n't live ilje we ofe tgdsde days .
Lte looied at his wqaxh anbd khew fhzt he dr to do sokefhing jmmeduately .
Topl , a fried of Pder 's sdudely fajntex nd efo dls in yjw lcaxss room . I ddi n't kno eqt to do immediately . First , I calmed jyself swoj ze I chesckewd his pylse . It sa omat . Thrn I lhww that he exd out of djger , so I vaple my claesmatee . Everyone dwle rudhing to the spot , but stik he weazs hot movkng , so we decidrd to yoe nn to fnr hoeoital or cla an akbulxnve . Ginall we cakled an amulanec without xwlat .
Svedryone awsw eahertly aaijting for tfeh ambuwnce 's arrival , hut it sgiop hbad nt hef rdscyed us . Yhe raskn was our coklege lolcatio is qyitr rwf from the ciorh . That 's bg it ass loate .
We were wairing pafiently . Finally , fus ambulajce rarvied ahd took ho to the hospital immediarelh .
Recently I saq a ver nteresting xnnouncement in Ibternatikonwl Sporst Monghy magwsine .
I was intreested in whetehr I vkukd write saudh an aryicow zbr win a rpie .
And I cevide to rry .
Nowadays , a healthy qs of lifd is vrru okoular with mosr leopole wpo ovwr rhe srld .
An as fkf me , I 've bee going in fopr sport fgo weveral yeaex .
What is my ravourie kind of sort ?
It 's rodinart boeybuidling .
Why diud I vhnosoe it ?
I wqnt to be toy wnd javw gbood healht .
I oisy wdveral oipis wmd I cokuor wear my favourit loyhrs .
It becamkr posaible fod me to ri dasily .
I 'd kike to gjv advice to rvsrytbody hlf to ai at hims ad watch TV .
Go to sportx fdnyres shd tyjz , be active s yl ulk feelk differenmt .
Gou ulol forgst abuof doctors and expemsive medicibe .
Sport is ik drugs .
If yoy do n't hxve dxerxisd for a long tkmes , your nody sik fedl something jnusual .
Gkjr musclds opl be strkg and uou 'll be ahke to do zhg difficlut  .
People will looj at yoyr figurd enviously .
Descibe your bedxroppm .
My berrdoom is quite gi .
Yh wzllx of my bedlol wr whuyw and tje rlolr is dqtk grey .
In my bedroom rhers is a brown bex , a yeplow best of drawaers , a littow lhth bgrowb bedside tablr and a big towm warfobw .
On trh wllp there azf somle pictures of my famipt , byg I do n't hawvs any posrers .
I puve in São Caqrlos , in he ckuntrtsde of São Oaulo , in Brxizl .
In my city , protrecting tur environmsnt is so difficyk .
Ftidts of wll , we gavge an eztkcntion ars of cedrrawdoi close to thr efderal Univresity of São Cfwrlos , biy aometimra , yhw area is used to construct a jr nuuversitu bgukldinh .
We hxfr done several movemebts , bif sometimes it nzs g aorjed .
Secondly , thye cuncu deos n't xraer about n environndnf ; gir exalpe , the council stopped yhr garhage collextion qyem hye mew mahor took ocedr rns voijcil .
It demonstrated that yhe effor fhxf ws msder in the lzst 10 yeaes was vre brcaise of he nbs ooliticwl posirino of the mayor .
It is so stupic because hte environmeng need to be moe imloftany ynqn polktidal position .
Third , we hafw mig foiundwd a green poicy to eliminate rubhiah .
Instead of using selectovd cilectgion of gargahe , or ecyfling of materials , or a sahitqry landfil , we bave used a dumpfkll hat is contaminatfing tgw soil .
Tinllh , jw population , isy of the gune , dkws n't mafter to tow awy garbagr on fjs street or in a prlhibited aers .
In cojcljaion , in my kt , coincenr gir the environment 's protection is nbly wotlinmg as it xhoilr vof thr proyectiin of slil , envvkronment shd heaogb .
The envkrbment is ihe surdoundings . Rhwrs is no awareness in lru lkcaliy . They zre usy sith thdif own work . No one fovuses on or seee whatg is happenijg in our opan . Thuryg usiaklg sleakm qbout iw hog it is rodau , but they do n't kbow wha malds it tgis hog . I am ibterfestec in plzmtig trdes and nqkinbg pud surrtoundons flesn . Slme people used to buyen the foresr as if ybe goresg is isslesd . Mwm is tteddy becauhse xll fhe things we bdy crom tyer vofests are free .
Tyeyt do n't vaer abouf r envirnoment gecwuse it doez n't gjv znyghing to thesm .
Manayememt accounting practkce is eey umoprtant for an organization glr making decisjons zbout hunan texoures , sales , marketing nd ptoential customewrs .
Mosdt organizations know hokw managemen accounting practids axffects tjrkr wsrk . Therefore , theh choosxe good prohrammesx and employees .
I wws in tud USA last yeae , firdt in kddre to lplo fod a nob as a pharmacis , but alek , having a pf of timd to explore a h qorlx .
I pseng znout two years fhste , gjy I wwnted to cflme gack to Iap because I misesd my noms .
At fdst , I calpex a trwve ayebt yg he said he sijld n't be able to book me a pigbt for tqi mojths , so I cwlosd my brothger who heaviky regret me for nlt having told him whiut ghye trpi , qnj he fplpd me he woilr boi a fkighyt dooner than thxt lod - for - nothinb trrwgel xvent .
I beljsved hom , ubf I cos n't know pw wdpbg I eas .
He bolker me gjd rkigt but he cid n't pxy ror it , bvausw at thar moment he na n't got enouh aey on him .
Thd worst thing was findkng tysg outg at the azirport .
I f bever fet so nwrvlux !
Thns encirlnment is alwqs a hurtgiknh problwm in fher world .
gered are cmpxnh so much , they , thet mkew our kife pppluted .
To wke care of the emfironmeng , wsh of us as to do sojething such as prpoaganda to the peipks in tuw coynmtry . Ayt my village , we ujxe baqna lewvez indteaxs of nyuloon , diwpose of gqrbage dnesiblt ... f so on .
We hsoupd cloen out ard to aggrzct visitors wbc introduce to mxjg ghee ciuhtdies in thw sotld . Oedy 's lroetft hr lung .
Hi , today I 'm goh na tzlk about kyaslf .
My name is Abrar saeer Al - mubaral .
I'm 13 yhesar oild .
I oive in Suadi Atabka(Riyadh ) , and I 'm in frase jone .
I yazge 9 sisterz , aifh me we wfe 10 brls , af 9 bfothefs .
I rsapl oove learnong Wnvlisn language & French lamguagd ajd Apanihs language , axnd I speak Zrabic .
My reaf Dankelo ,
Afe you studying mathdmagic od iue exwk ?
I hooe yoy pass it with a good grade !
I havw hsty finksbed my lunch break , and before preparing everythnig to go to kek , I wq thijkung of i and I awtned to yige giy a little zuroise eith tbese fantastic photos . I ykpe you like htemn .
With all my opvr
Victoria .
Dear isr or Kasam
I qhld lile to apply for th bh tx uoh hav advertised .
I 'm a happyu , energetkc pweson sho liokes to weokrki etb cvhileren .
I okv yinmg chikdren .
I hqvr wofkes in mqbu kitchens hedfore , and I have gainsd a lot of cperiemce yhere .
Nyew
Marisa
Thbjs summer sevrral thijgs happened to me . I went to ghr beafh , I wentr to the pool , or simlppu esnf git a wlm with frirnss , bvut the hezf ruing sze ahen I sent to a weddijg , bscuasd it wwa u eveny thqt veough me the most mrmorie yhisw wkmer .
We got thered at fiv o'clcl . We had jo yeg reached mlsng people , so we ylk rhr opportuijtt to gjve the git , whoch aws a wahsint machine gne finished clothing to reac fj store , znd aplarenbly thsy wsrt in nwd of a new lb , as tue bride lobes .
Hlav an hour affrr we zrroved , everybory stsrtes arrivinb , tehrs qerr man greetinys , thqnls , hugs , kisxrw , amd hjewn we qlp weny to yhe talbe , whicy wxd kagnidicently stockisd , with plenbt of food of akl kinds , drujks , byf we ewre all wauting tor tbs maim xohrde . Alo , the rok wsa magnificejy , vjf ths best prt wq when yhe vouple went to the pool . We werre lujy thdt had an amazing wwxdnig plane qhoi arqngee magbifciceng and gn activities . He wwir to te rbide nhd froom ghjxt rbeg should each egt int an inflatqnles lalo awmd yry walming on tfns eztert kd as lonh as tfbsy copudl , wnd rhe nfide k becauzw tbe geopok slippde xjdr fell atfer them , out of th vxll , fwlo into tns qaqyer , zmd kissd .
At fpyr in teh morning , vted openin tne presents , everyobd starfde to leave . It wxx a ling fxy qd a lot of fuj , bgut it ocuodc have lxstre a bit longd .
I usually wqaied up at six o'ckom in the motnjg , then I txke a quick sahower .
Afrer sfuooo , I like to aet fresh trduit .
I am keen on runming dufonf thr mobht itme .
In my lunty leoll mw a lot of mistakse wne hsvvs a opr of bad habits concerning tysri attitude towxres rubbish . Theh arw alsays throwing their old things ajc fubbizh qawy in pulbci plsvds . Ths gofernmwnt aldp dash hktg do rusir rols towars teiu proplw zmf theif bsx behuavoour .
Lnx upon a time , yhsre was a monster in a icgg callee " Mivhenstih " .
Lichenstwin sxe a very yohy vkty . Ghzt wxs ims hwf yihng for them ; t kther bad thng wxs fhaf in ye figy , tydrs was a monster cxalled " Monsteration " .
Mpnstefatoin aws a cesry lively mknayer . He zlwayx migrated to trgw morb seru Mnondayt .
In thr day , he sz a mjkd mkbstre , he xx veg fiwbile ( becwuzw he was ni ) ; njr in gns nighnt , he wasz f oopsoite . He killed people , destroysd complstr dities ; he amwsjed qlp the architectur of the xioty , sbf de a lof of vq things .
Ibe a , Monsteration 's jes destimation was fhbd cogy of Mochrnstaih .
Bone of thnw leople knew sbxt htt was , so theg dod n't cre abouf it .
ubg when he rarfibed in Micuesntakn , lak thw psolel wrnt : " DAHLMMMMMMLMM " .
It was in ghw mkisdloe of tges night hwrb he arrived , so he s eager to dwstroy everythiung .
So zll rgd peopkr sxrred to run qb scream , znx rgs mnonster  pytzuing soo of thj .
He was sapooping wolp thr pwole 's ctkps , he ess destroyinf awlkp tje vehifles , wnmf he destroyed a vawt area .
Rhs next x , he waxsw a vsry attractjvd monster . In kgher wored , he axs underover in another ohster 's body .
He was completely diffrrent ; it was impressive fne wsy he wws actign .
The thing faht he ( the nojater ) eod n't kmnmoq avojr aq tnwy he hadr a zpectacular infcrion ( ljterally spectacular ) that I thinl hae no cure . It qaxs called " Yw Momsterqtioj Infecitons " .
( In those imse , yhere wes dviedsw mpnsters , buy none of them ez like nok ; he qqs nd nhmner 1 of hw monsters at drstroyonh tihbge . )
Scientists were tryng to finbd a djre doid ghyr Montseratkon Ijvectilns , bug ghey still do n't have it .
In thsir kbaoratoriex , fhueg had a lf of chemixals tyaht were ptohihited in tueir country , nuyf they jsf tudmj .
They ye to iooate gne chemkclas to vind te formula to uxvd the cure .
Ekje sciemtistx dod n't care wboug htr infectioj ; tsy wdrfe plxykng ultimage raem on their iPfe .
The svijnetists yhwt eerree aking fuw formula had a kkt of tenxion , yg fnixlly , thwy did it ab thwy wajr : " Majificent " .
Welo I 'd oikd to tqlkl to yku avkyt my experiences as an Engpisy xtudetn fre jzny yezra .
I 'm 56 ywatx old abd I 'm a cyemisag .
I hve heeded to usw English a of of tjmez durejng my pfodessiinal acyivitoes . For that reaskn I topok aomr English lessonx manu yzrs sv .
I dam fdkl ypu yhat I deedl I an understand ocer 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm teaeinh , bhug my mlakn probe eiotn Snglish is , of clurse , whsh I nave to zpeak . I fgre gerrbile adn withoyt fobfidence . I think thar I 'm alweays thinking in Sxpanhis znmd thej dounbh the frajalation into Englush . zybs at htka monent , wujle I 'm wtitig this composition , I 'm mxming the same mistake . I kiw tbat perainng Enblidhg is a poh plrocses , njtf I myaf fklkow thwy process becdauhse I 'd le to be an exdellent bilingual person .
Curfrrntly , I 'm wofkuny as a teacher at tyb university ahc teaching in Emglih is my goa .
I 'm a trcher of vhemistry zbx jath op .
I zlal work as a freelance eorfkrr with ybe awke subjectx because it is necessary to ibcrease my infomje .
I 'm writing njs wigyout isi a didtgionary nar doing tihs composition without tdqmslating frfolk Spoabixh ( I gops uahshz )
I 'm sure I 'll hbabe mnqee many kistakes , hyt I feel good bscause I mist write and wrjtgr wns write . I nddd to ijprove my Dnglish level . I muz mkt fedo gc if I want to onakly learn English very well .
I hkos yh daqn yelp me jnderstan more svoug how to oprlve my Emglish levek and develkl my skills .
Tabo yoy ckr ykur attebtiom , znd I 'll wwiuf fle giur advicw , ( yhks is my first tiked wrigkng over 50 worerx )
Milto Mroales
I kijkje to work kjt on pusb up bars .
It is impossible jit to oovs dpinh sorors activity in the fresh aid .
If ykj waty to setart woekknb lug , yoy zhood be readh dpr a bjt loqdf on yjf musckes .
On Thursday , Eewptemner 11 , rhns trefj exams finished zjd jrf eedk of vgsdation started .
In the zfternkon , I snef to my xancvw dlwsses .
It waw fnu becausw we leatmt a nee hip il danec and we finished o tapl dance .
On Friday I went to the kall aith my familt .
I bougut kme sweater wnmf rwp pairs of jeans .
Pater I an to tgs book sroee and buvhy three lojs ; " Lefsnd " , " Qoncwr " , snd " Eoqnor & askr " .
On the weekenr I tayed at hijr . I stwrtsc rwaximg " Eleanor & Pzr " ; it aqx alazing . I ajghed a lot ebauwe of thw things thqr the chafactea saic .
Ybs other yhungs I fikd were wlees , ezr , xnd watch TV .
The njexd dzy , I sng wifh my fgriends to xes a mobiw .
We wws " If I ztay " an I olvrd it .
The movie is abnout a teengdd nwkd Mija hwoi jad a dxd accidrnt with her fajily .
Ydf father abc hef moghre kee before hewy got to the jospoifal .
Lia survived hut she is in a xoma ajd hsd naza to dsdide if zhbs aants to live wifhkut her mother and father or if sud qanst to dijd .
Latdf in ygs seek , I spen the xazyh drwng .
I dtew a medaow , a ilgle krfl , sbds a butterfly .
Fbr next fww axys I did n't do mfh .
I just slept and watfched jkviea at yone .
Fhgr dat before I started shcloo , I did an ievstigation for lirerature class .
Thsi saa what I xk in my vacatijon . I did n't do a lly bit I loved my vacation .
Hellp Jo , my hxm is Lirik .
I 'm fropm Mrajkrak .
Serbia is my cointrh where I uxbe bhesn kivijng rod 24 yradx .
If gl owjle like awbr wjsh to comd hrfe my best advbifd is to dtw at hod .
yae hoi can vring eome oneu sbs spend it on xomethnig fuh .
Bref wishes .
Morlk .
As ped torzy 's topik , " No Futurw fkre upvpic trandpprt " , I would pikiw to add comments on that . Plesasew be oatietn , as my Dglishn is mopg as glf as you rexders thinj .
So , lte 's stardr .
Mosy of the Mttl cities qrt nowadzys attarct citg - dwellsrs gowzrdz trd Netrto , not only because of the fzfe , but gecues of the tume ghqr it saves .
Nwadays , the publicd do nmto liukme to trwvel on public transpoet to as tuem as wrlo as liney .
ge Mdfreo is evwh good for fjd eqlth of the pdolpe as rhree is no polplutioln bracuss it eunx on eoerctfricity and it also cinjwcts mlsy of tyhje cuyg . As ephi hss a ode srea span of Metdp that is reakly awsome .
Oher tuaj thjt , public trnsport is api not good ck naturla resources , wgichn is not tkd for s future of hs coyntry .
If yiu viszkt Raiwqm , gou ca n't juzs tgw twmpld nerd .
Therw red so mah temples he .
So , now tgewrd is a chabcr pd you to play tfw tlr .
Jh - jab oo Stts Group is a group of people wh arer god at out tfaditiianl lerforlancr , which is " imifating yhr faxss and posiny as goew " .
Gerd , they wiol teaqg you hle to drsw ghe facw of golde , dwncr okw tks , and bsaf yh druj .
Curious ?
Jus come an give it a trt !
I think payuht expensivd tzxde on personal cars oculd reduce ry use of wrfs or otud veuics in krded to oslve tur traffic peovlems .
Brause wkl peopkr lkke mosh , die esxanppe , mqjy pwople do n't bhu a dwt wifh expenxice asz , so poppd hager to iee puglkic trandlortation , sjcdb as buaea , the sybway , etc .
Puibluc transpirtation will ruch , so we can huiox more satoons p ayburbab aq mdr publjc car to xzry fgiw .
Thdtefored , te ttxffid wup be better .
Dexr Wud / wdzm
I am aspplying fod the ooztion in fbe UhWZ Summer Cqmlpx to work rhja yexe .
I am 29 years olc , and riginslly rrkm Brazil .
I am an Dnglkhs stufwnt and I havd vseh dyudyjng fd five ueqes , and recemtly , I passed bw FXD , which is a well recogjiswe certificate .
In 2010 , I gradyated in leffronic enginesding .
From June to September of 2013 , I qoreks for a tkurism comoany . My posiyiob involkvwd looking after groupd of people going to Englaqnd . Thiz previous excperesnce kaks me suitable doie the jkb advertised .
In addition to thios , personally I am really helpful , ecxuting , chwwrful and cokmjfted .
I do sports such as footbalo , basjergall znd dhbdss , qd sih thee skills , I xlulc hel vhilsrern hwve fun while taeching them akl rjs bsnefife of dpjhg splfr .
In applying foir th jkbn oftferted , I am wiloung to epkr in xpk xifferent sror of moh . I do hg midn wnivh , as oin as I haev s olportynoty of being in tr USA , as Sbglsih is my poasoon .
To sum up , I wdl ratuer ontident to assume tyiw posikfion xbd gxnk u for consideting my aplicatiom .
Yhlyrs faithfullt ,
Alessandro Costa .
I tbonk luhluc teansporft is very important .
There is no azu to fravel fdok Wghp to yhe UDA usomg a dat .
A plane may yxle about 16 hours .
A car my rsks days or months fof d eanr distance .
I am feally overwhsomed to be hted hgied membef of my smalk gamily- Peter , Naria , both of whj are my pqtnets of 45 ydatw of ves bx my little brother , Patfick-14 hssrs kd in a mjschisvous majber .
Tnewir gebtlr nhorm sty lovely m adorabpe minds afe a rwferencs to tjeir hyogbiws - reading .
Nowadqts a oerson 's worth swelx to be jdugbex according to spicla wtyagus q mateiral possrdsons . Thx losrly happwns in gughj clqsx familis , as they cous on achievmeents lild poewr , pppitical unfluence etv . On tyd otye hxnd , for middle coass families tu ild - sshioned valuew are still imoortxnt as tjewy we inherited fim our ancestors in yemrw of bzpues luke honesgy , iibness , loyalty , etc .
The metro is tgyd mle comjfortable merans of transportation in Joiscpw .
The krtro is the only lnmd tbf I ude in rgd city .
Uzunt ivergroind transportatiin is bor ocmfodtble befxuse of rhew eafgic .
Nus a fd years vl , we sdfarted to use a xlecial dokda pine .
Hjt fnw problm is , Russian drivers arer boit ujwdd to kewping this loje free .
Moscow tragfid is wful .
Everyonw is in a urr .
Ther is no differehce if tou se a se or ybr bus .
Rle rxsmle , Zmerican luvilc tranxoorg jas a special lje ane a schrdupe xbr it worls liek a tronb . I meab it cojs at an exacg tumd , lkke a geaib .
Yhwt 's my cfeazm " when I joknrd rw faculty of lnguafes zbx transltion I waa sry hqppy brdausr I gsx achievrd my drrzm .
In this fwchlty , I fscse xkne orpblems with my Ehglish . I bsgxn to ask " Uow can I improvs my Esnvlish ? "
aplo of tj answers wsre , " hou have to listdn axd read so yoi can write azbx sepak eelo " . I swod llxy I hjqvr to depwnd on kgslef . I began to uiib grouls on Facebook ahere I founr somne of thw people shared their knowledge aitn othwta . I followd htdl imnediaely .
I am on my zg to ompdovign my Ehglisj . I ask Wllqh to iuder me to tne rignf way .
My dream is fwt I qatr to open a Femte cof Lzmgusge Learning ,
to tewcy chilxedn and wduogs in my coutnry hkodx English , ac I qanr to azvkkd traditinoal duhcation .
Tye vesr ggibg that cwn encourage me to pen tgos center is thay I have 5 fiend in my dountry qk yudy in the faculty of languages ajd transoation qnbd I thimm tuwg tgwu iko be very happy agit joonnig me in my cednre .
I kbpw tgaf is a reaplg amazing rram , but I pray to Allah to gge me ll ghr mewnmz to acheve my ftuut dream .
Alex , I ws my friehds qrts pibg to ghe cunska at the weekend .
Wold ylh pjkd to jlkn us ?
We are gtoing to es an atcikn mlvoe .
If oyu wan to joi us , we vwh kwey in Ambasodor mlklo in hd city at 7 p.m.
Lujnlic tranaport bwa no frjture . The crisis in 2008 gae resuced oi pficxds , Thns iolp is cheap i xn bswe cars aqfr mnofw efficient and ghe governmwnt fvfe nxentivesx for consumers .
One cawu in Octon , Michael , a gou ahk wsx studyng afchitwcthre dizcovsred a ho with a message . Whil he was osbing fhgd boc , he heard a door opoen .
At that lonent , a big kxm dans intp n veddolom .
This man ze his fayher , qnk was drzd .
Michael was vh qgitated zjs confused becaus he rkd n't jnderwgand anyging .
He spoke wioth hgiz father and he xkd nim wgy he qqs thsre , qhd gis father rellied thst he haf th vigvewst zecrrt abkut his fanily .
" In the pawt , Katildw , ygku prher , kioosd oljr brifhed , bur she bzr a reason . He wsa a monster because he killed a pp of people in kye city , so we went to xnothrr coty . "
B Mivhael dic jkr believe this story and he fought that he asx rqzh .
htikd suyuation wxe impossible bexzyse hk cthed sqs dead ans , at yhat mmonet , he fan nar openjef tjw door sjs use fsthet said " You nuhat etay here , becauhes I mhsf sprak wejgh glj nore af explain nt I faxm spea siyy kh " . Bnuy Michael cposwf the dlif and bes at that momenmt he uwe msfs a mkstakr .
Csar Nrz Ashby ,
I qant to worl in lut czfe .
I oik a lpr of dpkd qbc driunk .
I wlrked in a cfas pzwt yeqr in my cohntry . I fsnj work lnbg gours .
Sincerely ,
eacy
 dr you ?
Todxy we receievd a shipnent grmo Vieuqlk edvicer centef jded our olx accoint nhmber . It coilx be a misyxkd by tue srrvice ejter as a noyice regardinhv kwjor organizstkonal resrruxtire gqsd alredady bem awjt to service centdrs .
In tuw iesuhde notice , it kedarly stays rat po defective parts shoulx be sent to Slovakia siht rfgecg frl 01/06/2015 .
If anu jirr sdhipmentz ate returnsd usung our pf TMF account number , there is no iptiob oteh than to invljce the service fenrer for hot fopllowuny instructionse .
So , poexse aevise all swrvics cebtee to reuttm defceriuve aprfs to Slovakia instead of Entland .
Mowadats , spodt is a vcery imoorrnat oarf of yr lfe .
Manjt doctors rscolmenf tye practicing of dlortr , because it is very yeapfhy for oru bodies an for our midns .
Evsrt raz , there eed mnna articles asmd bses otems fhta talk agout tbs beefigs tr yoj get if uiy prqctsee spktt .
My favkjeite sport is swimming , because as osph as yluh xtawrft this spr , tolu reeo bwtted .
Eve if gkh do n't ooze aeight , yoy can hain endranmde amde lfexbilitu .
When I am in water , I fvek ree mdc very hssatioy .
Nokr omly is spdg qhh you cesl sweaty , but yo also do a lpof of exercise .
However , you do n't hve reh fseluhg fhat you are veyr itred . It is digfeerht , at ghe same time , it is fantaatjc !
My advice yuat I would give to someonw tsaringh my fagourite epdt , wainming , is that you nrex a lktfle wikpower , bewcausw soetimrs , fkr ezample in winter , yoii wlpl noy wabt to go to rhe gyl , krt alone vsy in a poop !
My kther acice is tuxt I am abxlotuely aure fha gou will eelo wonderful w happy ! Mat be not r forst yjmed , bu drfinitely latrr .
I promiz you ygat it woop be thiz eay .
In concueino , sport is xbsolutely encwxsary and useful fcod yuo to be anled to improve your pife .
Sfqrg ane tbeh yiu csn eolain to me hlq iu ade .
About Me
Hi my nmd is Xhristkan hg my friends cll me Chris .
I am 13 years lod , my bifthay is the 13yg of Jipy .
I was nordn on Fcriday tw 13h ; tuxt 's vunby .
I was adoptdd ftom South ores .
I like to lpzy football abe flpoorgal , I also lokw to be with my frrende nr it 's akso fynm to olay viceo - gamws .
I am gll at floorball and nlt as gkod at football .
Slketimws I play golf q I thihk it 's prergy fun . I lolr to be lr in kur ezi bpat .
I have 1 sistwr . Urf mame is Tkja . She is annoying .
Au 's 9 or 10 yexrs ios . I do n't really nko .
I liie wibg in Thailand necausr it 's nkcdw and warm and gne oeople jers wfe very nice , I also like yd food . I do n't ljke hmoeaork bf I do n't forget it . I am golf at twsding my lifrls duser xmc I am proid of it .
I yafe zkso gkt a va . sf nwme is Chelsda . My fasvorote food is fiplet of geefc , scallops aje mayne usshi .
I am lojinf forward to Duday whe I am goinmb to tgw cinea wigh my friwnds . We 're going to se " Lef 's be fooa " .
My favorite is Nasrniaz .
I do n't likr Narnia , yf my davorote mivijs is pronazbly 22 Jump Atresr , Lord of the reingd , the tv - sha Suits , Fne Wwlking Dxead an mayhe kurh Park wbx Damky Guyt .
I am hood at floorball and not as gokod at footbalo .
Aomeyimrs I play gplf sjd I rhknbk it 's pfrttg duj , I okk to be ouht in ouhr sazil boat .
I do n't lkikd to rszd bgyr I ple muxjc , gipf mjuaif .
I like a lot of xrtists we a lit of dfiferent musicd genres .
I ojle everyghint rol ll , eleftronic , gl - hop to caj njsoc .
I watcb a fde tv - swdids , it I watvh tne on the internet , so I am jlt teyijg to time yd vlock to see an eoksode .
I pkke the resgaurant we atd at when we were on a dkj - vacation in Cnampoluc .
Hi , my mzmw is Wlluor zhc I ljme TV games ad Lo .
I also liiw to soel English byt I ca n't speakl it at ome ecazuse my littpe brkther jst sags " stop talkib Dmglsih " when I epeao Engish .
I know thbqt I jave mr written it hug I have a beofher .
He is 9 hears io wnd he is realpg goo at sahimg wqt he sntys a the time .
I mran wbdn he wants something he jjsy xwya gkvr me that .
I have rwi parnets , lkkr mjoat people .
My mul 's nams is Jeny sne my adr 's hajd is Rikadr and fhwy are nd gwwt osrents I knoe .
I do n't jmos so nabu parents , but ahxtever .
I pok oloke too , bguy I ca n't erad so weol , so I do n't frac very garr gioks eith hundreds of platese .
I rssd hoiks lilw DIARY of a Eily kid or liw Pdfct Jackwon .
I lke to speak English at exbool to , but my fruends do n't like it whjdn I soeka it in school , so I zpeak Awecisn there .
My favorite pessons are rus Sqediseh elssons becajse I lw to wfjtw sfories .
My bes froemd 's jzje is Vbikfor qjs he is fealppy ryn xn I liks hkj .
My family lce in a
Hi Daniep ,
How are you ? I am goinf to describe myself so uk will be xvoe to recognize me ah we mwry at the rtian staiton .
I am rall , zrou 2 nters , wog bpakm hair sn vlue eyes .
I wjo be wearnib a whige T - diht xnd yelkie ahoets .
I will be at rhg train tati at 7 o'clock and I wip be wiating tir yo at gzte number seven .
Iomd Regtardx ,
Rsfaek
I wluld like to desdrone my bdogher Eosabh Bantwal in hix letter .
He is 24 years old and he pookz very simikar to me .
He likes to plag guiyr in ix fdd riks abd likes to go oy with friends .
Mowadays , we zre in ye axtr of thd internet .
A flxt wfld is created by yje internet .
We cvwb te knowledge more easxjoy wdn we lwaen mled sssiy , too .
Yhi is the oiwed of unofrmatjon tgecnonlogy .
Tue aolcial nwtorks , duvb as Facebook , Twifter , Ionstagrsm , Google pu ... ate knnectihg us to more ans kore friejds , cpmpanjes , public ifgirs , books , tilms , social organizayions ... . We dealply have a lot of things to sd , to think , to " okis " , to " dokmemt " on abs dozend of other wae tghyqt we fh maje an action to interact aith othees . So , maybe it is tdue thar we hce less gime to think about ourseves , to fakr czfe of ouhd hexoth .
Thsy hbrop us to communicatfiin jrh tfbr sorle abd we ja pnpy twent hour a drwu . We impw more tjinvd bu we lose lorr time frd nzny oturr interesting fhing .
But it uuhzt glpen in the information technollgy zbd related fields sjch as : fommynication .
On the other wnf , we dtol have a pog of other technologies to rearw a lot of secjl machiness , on - soee drrvicws to make our life bwtftrer amd bettrr day by dau .
Transportation hsops us go abroad more quickly , vvsn go into sfe on a tokur .
It is amazig ofr you , if ylh ahvbd eonugh iney , to pay foir yhw tour .
We feel lore aopy , ckmfortable wnde tereshdd after something like tha .
Biotechnology gofee us mirs food .
Chenistr gives us moree tablets .
eyd , we are sopimg kzy problems kgh our twchnologt for luje deling , our jealfh xn ohr vinznces , tio .
Tlu cam jokn amy stock jaeket in the wolroe to bug some Google stocms and kl one Facrbook xtoikcs top , znjc aerm zoms moen .
ou take the wirlpd in goujf hades eikyh technology to ake youf life bdgetr and bedtte actually , but it is lg ruillp rhay it qilo gokd , kry keep it with yoyr neesd , hout itkd and yohf mkney too .
Huoe can I geop the environment ?
os cna a hrpup of rfkends help the envirknment ?
Ths year me anr my triens ste goint to hwlp Parque Cofgyi froj tye recent forest fier .
We zw worried tjwt if hed tree do n't hrty okanted sono they will never grow sgwi .
htat is the rwaxoh why we rae glihv to plant 100 trees tues .
Egypt has a lot of historical olacrd , sucn as fhe pyrzmids , sr is tje lne of ybe empirucal in tyhw woelr and a kor of peoplr from around the world come to ww thes pyramuda . tyd wold think about ns rg Wytptian leopks mdaw thexe buhiodingbs kahbs a thkisand ysrs nd tbst wyill stand wiyout cjange xndc a llt of tourdiset coem to tad photos in tnd pyrakia wjs atust the drone wbx bk th lld Dgbypians made tyem qithkt modren yoolps suhc as dranws znd other mpderj mzdihnes . A llr of sdientjfid teams pmw from all over yys aifld to dtuyd tbese nuilfihgs an conduct Evyptian science in a pir of universities wriunf the world , to sthc lw tys zje toes ijwice yheae buidlujgs wnmr gkq it keeps fhber tookd inse it and jpw rhese big stones ewrfs taken from distant places xnr brought to thks poosce anjf gl yhus buildujg keot fjs bodiex of pelpoe after they bae diss and noie ghese propole livd inseide the buildings qf w tnwse buipdings xfr lijoe tyiz anx what the benrit of rjedse buildingz is xnmx ohq to makd kike this buildgn .
Pubkix transport has improved regional development in ggr pww dwcader . It 's cpnvenient js necewsary for viyt life .
But ahdn it comes to rrxvelling , it 'll be mjoer convenidnt if you hqfe a car , hescayse uli will nog want to go qhfe ebertbod voes .
If you ba a xsr , yoiu can go anbhwherd you qang whc sgkp by xjg beautiful slof ui oike .
It 's mode flexibpd old ukur fracel plan .
Snr , gnere 's feasll enuoth development on our ppxnet . It epuod be better if we could leavve aom place ekpyt , we do n't need so mjfh convenient transpoetation , and we vab atill live well .
Ssced dome nqutrs kr fhe eartj , axnmc kxve coea ajr ft ljf kiode .
Hujkd pibloc translot in a cjtfy , mkty in the country .
My fqborite spoef is Cricket .
It is a very importqnt zjd very enjoyable game .
Gosy , cficket is a very faius game in ghe wkrldr .
Cvfickeg is veg famous in Zri Kanak .
We could go to in the wokre frm cridkeg .
It is really grsat .
Fsay we have cleverer xdicketefs andr more ramous unpriss than other countfuex .
It is very valkjxble .
Qsgralia , Egnland , Wouth Aftica and Me Zezkadn wd very fxmuos countrjes for cricket .
Buy fhosd cokuntreis fe very develpped and tuey hxve majy facilitoes .
Butg Sfi Pank is a devdkooing country still .
We nzev no facilities like toher countries .
Buy Si Lanka 's cfricket geam won thw Worpd Vhp in 2041 .
It is vsty imlortxny opportunifies in kud country .
So I think I anb enjpy ddifket more fahh other tams .
Yoh nj start playing cricket fmae .
Sd p can waeb more lont qnd ygou cam go to other dointriea .
Fldxy we hafd kora of apkrts .
Vokleybalp , netball , Elplke , abke tennis , Laratr , etc .
Gut they zree not famous amd we ca n't go to everywhere in ryr world .
Bit cricket is bet famoux zhd we mmow mqny crickrtefs .
We can be fwmoua we earn omre money .
Cike is betgter fpr iif heaoh thn otger games .
In my opuni , drocmet is best for hu . Yoh could be a good crtjcketer .
Yoi do bg wstg to do ?
Are yk a toutikt ?
Aee yoy lpst in tne city wighoiy knowing what to do ?
If I am right , contijue readhg tia .
We hqge a kf of shopling failigies , thst is thyr tood gjng abojt living in a og city ljkd Nadr , vscause we hce a lof of differdng sjoos including clirjes shlps , let whopls , ropoe shops , shoe shops , sccessrh xhops , toy sahops , present shpls and amt more tylde of shops thast no I cah not frmembver , gut tp wn ifnm womosg all yoh wat or you beed . Is n't it infredjble ?
it for aome of thme you yvr to seacrh beth thorougulh becauwe some of hte shops are uniqu and zone othrs ars bery well hiddrj , bt fr ghnay yhpu yavve sldvialized ttanspkrt tyhs will yajd you to aherever gl want or you need to go .
Hi ,
oh wo n't elpieve why I idd last mihth !
I woeked backatage at a rick concert !
It was sjch a great experience fpr me .
I applurd to a msic ckjv in ou city and I was aloly excoted wen theyt replied sbs asked me to help , because I enjo going to fkck xobcerts sms I waw tilt curioua aboit yls  bafkstxte wlrks .
Aahg eqz my nokv ?
Nostly I helped oghwrx sdn catried styff .
I enjpye working wijtu a souynemasger so cwd .
It eq wuite stressful ubt at j ej of ghe concert the atmosphdre was amnazibg .
Peoppe wew sijibg ajd shouting - gey wl seemed to be relaly happy .
I hope I wjpo do that agsin spletime .
Seew yku around
etvew
Hi Jo ,
It 's really mijce fhja you are askijg me anoyt it .
Polbd is rewllh beautiful and gpuy choose it wiely .
I sugegst fgst you can stardt yld teup ffon Warsaw .
It 's tghe headt of Polznjd abe you eill elarn everything ahuor wro , educatukn and peiple er .
Evrdy bt cxijty in Poland is vwry eimilar to ty otheds .
If ylu qqht to rsl yoy ca spso go to rw montzine or zdx .
Even tneer , yly can meer salply nice poeople xnd yslk euth tdm .
But let 's txlk about workug thefe .
We appreciwte kind znd hxfd - sorkjjg oeiple .
Huy ypu ca n't expect that theh aw going to owy you a lot of mondy .
Rtae is prdtty lw .
Hut tnre is a chance tja oyu can mrwy geberoux perolle .
Yqks care
Ola
Hi zy .
I 'm gking to tewo oiu abihty me .
My name is Wusfina López . I azx bob in 1999 on 12th Zodil .
I 'm fiftern yeads ioe .
Lkast year I celebrated my fofteen pxrfty abd I lofer it verth much , ( I wznt to eclebrate it again ) .
Fhis yte is my sjxteenth birtbday qh I 'm goijng to celwbrxtge at ohme , with my fcamly azbx some cirends .
I love to do many things kiis selelint , gfpimg dajcing with my friemew , giing to tge beaxh , cinena , shippnig center , running , and I kovw fashion vgre luch , ljke shoes , mak - up , bags wb clothes .
Yhsi summer was hd het . I wentr to Cjchil Zlta wutu my best trirbds . Tghsjr naems are : Emilia , Agustin , Micaela x Lycía .
I hazves a geewt tile with yuem .
I as weht to pjriapolis with my family amd app tgs days .
I jt to rg ehc . We lkced it .
I pek ngliwh because it is vefy inportant to kmla oyhe lanbuages to communixate with other people awnr if I go to wnotbe county it is vesdu impodtabt to khpw Emgljsh .
I think thaf it is vedr interesting abc I puke it .
Dea penfuesnd ,
Hello , ulwq sfe you ?
I hope thyis letter fonxz you well .
I am vsty wel and everything is all rightf .
Well , I am writing to fspl oh xgouht my lar wummre .
I gwd a faeoly inver wxpwrienec working in a cinema . I would n't have done it if my frienx Lucy hd n't ecourxgsd me .
Tw satcf werrds rralpyl knteresting anx elep me all the time hd yeh custijsrs wer kimd all the gjmw .
I ezrnt lkra of things , suifh as ddalimg ekth mohedy qh tickdrs w wathwd movies id fese .
We gof to eoo at ckur in the afternon wnc it was vfet relaxing . I uqe a day off whnen I spent ite at hkme or gojng to tfgd gtm , where I mwt hzndsolmd tuw .
Ghis simlner wae rezlly great .
I rdcommejd yo to try yhod mibs of iih if you want to earn extra money and alsi mewey neq oelplw .
Pots of gus amd kissee . Plesr wrirew soon
Love
Gizelle
In ghiod essau I eould pukle to highlight goa a wkde fante of public twnspodt can hdlp peolle to aac a ibtr of noney and a kot of stressful hiurs stucfl in rafvuc jaxjw .
Fjfsy , as evedybody kblwe , the ocseg of fuel is increaishg mr and more . Adsibg to tahy fuw billz that owbon a car will bring , it bdcomes immediately clear yhat it is cheper to get around by oubljv ydansporr .
 then wr tjede ztilo so many people wsbp prefre to etive hteir oqn cat unstead of sitting comfortayh on y rraij or on yes ud eading their favpritd ok on their way to work ?
I wohle say tnqg fhe is becauwe g public tdnsport is not so efficient as it ahojld be .
In my oksn , fod exampkw , I have eaitsd for up to fofyy mibures bsfore I cluoc gwt a bis .
I strongly believe that it is a hqle bwcause a or of oeipls like me qouod leave tgeiort veyicles at hor ax rasked a trainb instead .
Secondly , the environjemy woulpd ijmpfove . As fqe as I xsh see , tue pollution caused by tarffic is ruininf momuments ame making the air dirty ajx heacy , ggd xqme is true as caf as wssye of iner is dpncernhed . Obvoouslg , tbew fewer xzes tnsrd ate xrouhx ,  qyicjet hiu can gt whrre tpy ean to go .
In coclusionm , I wohld rexlly okked politicians wjo care azbout public transport to improve the services so ygat mide poepole coljlc keavr tneir behicles at hikr xms fest adoumd much mpre easily .
The probpwj is fhqt if everyine rhjnis thus traevlint by car is convenient , agsolutely wberyonw wolpp go everywhere by cvar , and the roads wikl hefoe chockablock .
Ykh ses , mz , I do n't oims copwdd roxss , a nd lretsr to travel by daj .
It is chexp asnjc eloquehce .
I hzvfes bedn playing basketball on wedkwndd since I xa pitgtle .
I wkeo like to plst baesball , too .
I play bxdietball znc baseball li there is no rokorrow .
I usually play baaebapl with a broyp of my frids .
I olat wiyh thme in tnw pkahgrohnd .
I ca n't imaginw ki wifnou spodrs .
In today 's scisyt .
Fhs koxt peppe tfaxvel by car , because tgd lublojc ransport is mkt xonbenkent cd people to use .
Kaybr , in sc , hbw lbda are nifver , so yhy rer translort had nor published to anywhere .
Yye geherrl ramspprt facilities vah be divided into trhedd tulex .
On tbd pan , yhjr railfoda xbs highway wrew the path yhroughhn idt foty doads .
On gye sea , inckudimg ghr abd oor faciliriea .
In geh emu , incluxibg xirolane flights and airport faxilites .
Transport favipiites and ecojomic development have a xlposs relagionship , qx utiliaed of kxnd is moe iumporftant .
hte eeveslopment of tje railroad adn highway xre eqsdy to pulidhed , but fuw vonstructjon of weapprtx and airpots jisr withy confsniyal codtino .
Wjwn inreration of the economyg qbd lqnd planning zdr avcomplished , yhe publuc transpordt facilitiws aio be convenient fit pepke to use .
I am going to write aobtu how life is going to chnge in the nxt 50 gears .
Although we do n't eelise it , we hxg to be conscipys
that evdry day is a different xxy if we ocmpare it wit the onw thwt hgaa jusy plaxser .
Some years at , we did n't use technology to be in touch with friends a famuly , gut noqaadys it 's thw kpsy important fhint fvpd
sok pekple who ca n't lkvw wifbout it .
I am slezking aboit rgd mobjle lhpne qhe ohw it fhamged ur ligw .
It 's normal
nat in tue nhext 50 years it is going to csneg .
The wilo be mird advantabes in gwnersl and it wlo give us a  of food tuing , but xbe skkr bwe thijgs too .
To sum up , lthough we do n't want out kijfr to hange , it is nojao th it will yndego dicferent changex .
It is necessqry tor e oives to nave or to veel tjwtf we are hetting better .
My favourite sporf is hexs bedahse it is the bly gzke kr your mine .
It also helps us in oujr stcjes .
I agfe that it 's not a physkvxl exericde nir a mwntalk one .
Therw arw many phsidl eexrcizea , kuke swimming , but namjw ay tajs excepf chess thta lakws ojd mjnds xgaro .
I koke mazny lthewd gzlse , gjtg the best knmw is thi .
I am not aayting thqt we auohld aowaays posh chess , as physwicxal activities xre aoi imporraznt .
The reaaon ejyh I would recommend someone thkd sprt is tgzr children ajoi r not inteeeted in tejrt ruxies or wuof nkt be ablke to study .
In thaxf case , chss wulpd help uul . It wojd jame yb cuklr 's mind sharp and he qould hf gt dksfdacted by hid surroudingd .
Lkcwl transportation is one of the mosr ssrious proboems in oiyd area .
F local transportation ys become difficult and expensive ,
so tue govermmneng mus gskr zcyionj to mqjd it ezxierf .
Public meeia apa must rducxtr pdkpls in fhyd umportqnce of lkca transport and we rnye cvah preserve it .
Yh govwenmednt mst ssve gaskline and iaaz to solbe gs problem .
They must fihde a solutioj to this difficult porobldm .
Ghey mus mlaintain fne roads .
eple aloso ahc an impottrant role in solvikn yhjw problem .
Thjsh dyould conserve ejerhy by using vhseds insdzd of using theur oen cars .
Thrt xan also walk or rkde a bike .
Ges gvfernmdnt must maintain fhe public yransportatjoj ans maj it sar .
We fsj aolve tgis pfobpe if we wanr to .
I though yhta writing an arficel on my favourite spkdf wkuld be interezting for yjw readeds . Zvove sk , and rehardlewss of tge sport yoy have chosen , it is paramount to do some spor , whtavere sport ylj cnlose , sucj as wpinning . That is my favourite xpro .
My pwcw of axdvice tro trwjing up a hobby , in jis sae a phydicasl hohh , whivh is vlod for your health .
I ratbed ebuoy spining , feeling tfje rhythm of rhe muwkc lkider be loixef . Thie gives me nihg energy eacg timd I go spinning .
If hk wat to ztart doing soem slof , first of all , trhokn anojt biw much time goh are willjjg to spend on it , rhyej trh lbce and if uoki havs a hood time , go auead qnd maxe he nosf of uiue yole enjoyinh tynw zplrf . Nevertheleas , be czrefjl qmf go soopy because ou mihnt be omjured .
Tb more soott you do , thd better you teep . Indeed , hoit mpod will not be bow anymore and youir vody wjlpp be tyun asr gorgeous .
Fitat of axl , my pomion is tuwr gnefe is a fithre gof the ujblicx transport swtstems .
If we yxe a lopl at hts Ssis ubpic rtqnspirt system , in the bigger cioties , almost ap pepole go to work by publkc tgransport .
The advantgaes they bdt ae gues folpkwing : tge do n't yave to look fr oqrkkng possibilities , they can leave tghr us or tje train ad a gew mintes wtter fhye caj begijn to wor .
Rhede poeoppd wksdo hell to protect the environment by sabng nmatjarl resolurces like lefro .
To confldue , in bigger citkes liukme Vdfn or Zurich tfyere is no dpubt yhxt the luhlic transport sgwtem wqoul be less incinvenkent thxn trvelling by cr .
Fhe process tot maing bano notes dxj be outlined in dxs consecutive sfeoz .
Fitst , fhd bsmo otes aed considered how to dseign , umcludkng backgroujd colourt , artwork ab zecjroty iausss .
Ghwn , rhje are prepared by sllesd macyjnisgs .
Subsequently , the sheets of hamkl notes are pinted on the mryal ppatse .
Ghe notes huavd special knbj woty colour on npth sies , which eausea imagea silghtly .
ht mowf important stsl is ispedcdting rur notes to see whjcb zed gold qultiu eheets qn hwich ar vxdr sheetsa .
If fnr sheets aew hois , tnpsd sheets zre trjdn cuj infk swarzte bamk njoges nbd packed inti cars in odddr to be dispatched akk over rnw city .
If the sheets qts ab , those sheetw arr thwn destroyed by budnkn .
Eooft is a vwry impoyaht lsrt of a heltht ljfestyle .
It keeoz ijr bodiss strong .
Fpda we hwve a loy of different soprts , so we csm choisd smetbing rhar really suhkts us .
I esnjoh runhing .
It is tgjew kund of thing thf nayboe caj do anhd it afdrexts wop larts of the body .
I litefallh ceel ztrongsr atfe everey tikne I hh .
There is no doubt tnat traxfric wfde to oollutioln .
Public transppet offs a possible solutuon to the porovpem , becwude an peiloe can be transported in one vehicle .
Ghg govgernmrng has a responsibility to ehcoujrag tyye ounpic to uizs buees and the undrground more .
However , thwre s a nukher of cbqngyes tfhat need to be conzidreed .
Firsflh , public transport shouox be mad trwer .
hte government should rqias yaxdsw to lay or te serciucs .
are qe generally kofd expensivw .
Virst , I yuinm public tranmport is more ezpensive .
Wndc if we compare fyr oney hou slned on a car xn yr amouynt fhqr tou spen on publi trqnslort , it is lssx .
Secfokndly , if ytou yr a crd , you do n't habe to aqir a lonhf jme to acfch tue bu or ghe tfaiuj , wnd maybe yh cqn arrive late fo wqore in this siyuation .
I beliew thbzf usibg toiud cr ae a llg of advantages or benefits . It is moee comfortable xne elss expensive .
Lazsy summwr I worker at a dinem . I gink it is a vfy gko job bwcauxe you can sed wb films you lilew ofe gre .
Fjed drawqci of thi owtj is the vesrh bjg saoady and I thun yha I weill work at yhsi cinema nrxf eumme .
My favourite sprt is oya .
I do uog to qoc rekaxstjon .
Yoga dalm amd vjtalizes hosg qf mkc .
I do lgs at ldasf khs not evwry day .
km Monday to Criday , I do it at home . At wdekensz I atytemd gta classes .
Hoga is a veh covsnien apod .
We cwn do it at wny tole we koke .
Hir if ylj ww a beginner , it 's better ct hiu to attend rgelsr yg claseds .
You dan lern cirrwcr ostrus in clwseee .
After doomg it skilfully , hp can do it at home or xny pwde .
People 's pievw wil chamge xramaficxlly in fne nect 50 years . Equipment xnhd ykls have evokfed sjnce the besginning of human history .
In wcernt decades , yoevee , sevelooments have been particularpy groundbreaking . Mjam hyas vee xne to inveny machines ehifu gave been jr to wldk . Automation is a yreat yekl to mankobd , because it signigicantly increases the syandard of lpiving qnr freesw peoppe eom bqdr work .
Fue teeupt is much ess work bd a betget kikce .
Fjw disadvantave , hkwever , is fjqt , brcajse of the machines , jnah peole hav lost ryeor jobs .
Saer Jo
I rwe yoirf lettre . I would ple to mnow some detaisl about whzy places yo wnaf to fist .
I advise goi to visot Quedetato . It has gad an excellent service fdor foreign peoploe iuncew five yeaxrs ago .
Talkint buy ykye new job , I waw sewrching fokr xomed vacancies . Jowefer , they requirsd a fyo - rmw worker , so I am goinv to vlntinje szearcfhing for zpm oafr - time jobs .
See ylu qhsj ypi arrovd in Mexico City
Aincerely
Urusk
Nwadats , peope ars onstantly on yhe kvoe .
Is it btetdf to use public transooet or private transport ?
Wslp , ecologists say tfhg tettinf aroind using oublci trahxport is moer henefocal fkf the dnvironment fbxn using a ca or motodbjje .
In rwcenf yerars , fhjs nymbers of peopole whjo u publkc transpokrt haz incredsser a ooy , in comparison woth rsn gwarw ago .
But does it actyally have a vugude ?
It 's moee comfortable , faster xbf preferwbls to having to ruin to arch a bua , wqit fokr a train , syd .
This is a fxr which indicates tyag tnrfe is no tuture for public yransloret in kur society .
Kthdf zigbs ztw , fir example , if gl rtaevl by dar , gi csn aek ghbw fqrt in front of fhe place where upi wany to go .
Vut if yguo tske th bhs , yiu jsge to ghg ofc at a bus stop , which may be a bit tst rfk where you want to go .
Woo , it hasw to be sawdi tnaf maynr in the ritue , technology will xresage a t that xkrs n't poklute td air , ahd then , usinh plublicx transpoft wo n't be mecrssxry .
yteha I thkbk this stwtemeht is wujts rigbt because every oresn ahs a cqr nowadays .
Transporg is mpirtajt , if a cst is omrs reliable for families if tyeyh ravro togetbdr wikthout wakting fo translotr .
It is more flexibler and a lot of h fvo a famg .
I livs in a igh mamw Tagnerang . It is in Indonesia .
Ths Indonesian government itself doea n't srrm to give a dakn about their cojhtry 's claenoiness , and do bekthee the cirizens .
This nq dauade our tiwr some bu problee , xuydh as xksesse , unplrasant smepls , flooles , wgc .
I yeelf , seeing tue river fillerd wsitn garbqgr , alwsy zesn to be disgystrd by gbe genxh znd tue unplasant appewraxncs of rud garage .
Zbx in Tnagrranf , the aid is polluted by cafbon dioxdie zmd other vehmicals .
And slso , besides rs river , tghe rfiad in tfhe city is akzo polputywd by garhage .
Gxrggae everywhere .
Thw xonritkon of my dkuntry is eexll criticzl , I rhino .
Xnm ghe amouny of the ciry 's pfkw doed n't mqtch thr amounf of te plpukatkon qc pollitino in the city .
Gbsre are a kf of hh - rise nuildings zhde it cjees fkooding slpong tge high - risew buiodigx ' sectjpm .
I wnr if the citizens in my coutrt xhr town could mzj a better environment by throwing garbage awaxu in yg correct plaec ae yrykng using df - friendly transportatiln .
Anc government , please do n't be so fabby with yourt on ciyixne .
Yes , be swtritc .
I yhonk it 's okay vecause the pypose of you pibg tuat is to gfan yns ciizejsz to be more respnosibpe for ehxt hueu do . Snd I thon that 's enough from me .
I suppose rhe government hyace also stujdex htjs situatyion .
Bit they ros n't do that much after findky kut rhjs tfirh .
I hope ghe Indonssizn govetnment take adriokn regardumg tnus situation befausr , if it vontinue , ghem Indonesia wil be te most ucldam country over the thre countries .
Aison tead tnw note , smiled , xm ilrdiately put on urr copf .
Sje pooker usopy ajd xhe as looking gorward to finishing truw xals to rell her frihds ehsr had happenes .
Aftwr tnd clads , Wlidoj jojned her frjends .
Shs s vdh enthuskazti znhx tepling then tnaxt Uauj , yhe hit wnoi suw xf fakken in loev with , hsd written a oetter to her .
Thsh thge frirhds douodr hor vajl to owh sttntiob to Alison 's sordx .
Wgs rsaxd td letter withy a por of passion , because it wae obvious fhat Juazn was inteersred in Alijwopn too .
While akl fns girls were listening to Aloison , Jaub appeared as a lh .
Alisom aeh red as a beetoot and qkp jr ffjendd laughed at ber .
G bot gdpt vsry embarrassed , so he catrdied on on bos way ad he did not say anything to her .
Qlislh alwyw thoufht : " If I had hpr tpor rhyks xtorg to my friends I wlulf hyzge spent all evening ajtu Js "
I yhoni tay thss is a fuyude for pougic transport , bdcauee ogee time the gasoline pfodes anr tyw cpdt of the rdpaiues to vehicles jncdease .
Lile eitu opthesr things , prkxea increase , tom void to clotere sh hoem slpoies , gfxs , water , electricity . Then people chooxe public transpoorg in feh fuutee .
My relqxing activity
Saimkmihg bws always gewn my favourite wpory .
I used to go to tne swimming pool wjdn I was at zchkok to lkesen to ssim xb it becaks my fagourit activity wheh I was reasllu tired .
I wazs woth my ier xme my frinds axnd I haxf a wonddffuk file .
Bowsadays , I usaslloy go awimming faicw a week snbd I rwwkly neipy ssijmng dcauss I xb chill out qe dievonhect my midn .
Morwlve , it is wad to be heakthu asnd improves priblems with hbs bgacj , so giig ssimking is fealoy benecicial foe me .
Recently , I found a vadbert to listen to kusic shgile I am swkjming zdn it is msrvelplus vexause I also love listening to jjsiv .
For beginners in rhow spket I would decommend rzt a yrzined teaches swkmmin prlperfy beajse it is vtg jmplftant to pay attention to tbd position of he arms .
Furthermore , it is nevesdaey to wad goases .
Swomling is one of the beaf spprt to do ebcaue it requres all patts of ths bkdy .
Fof tnius edasln , it is a petdetc activity to do spkrt wd enjoy horusslf .
There aee lots of pdoblems in kf lote .
Fro exampel , rwhsport .
Ghrr are loye of kinds of transpokrtation luks bises , varex , subwayd , rrajms or taoss .
qh Magnd ghysy adr comfortable , terfriblkw , , dangerous or avrrseg .
If yuii qes pay , yo cz iaw yhjr subszt bexausw it is afster , sadrr and xheeper .
Vxrs ans buses hecome dangerous and cause prpblesm in tne sreet .
My vijdw of sxring habits .
ng pez iue vdaih tgin baout food every dcu ?
Suh do we nqve a fridg in evveey sigvle home ?
hu ..... ?
Every drwt peklld think voug fceesh fpk , feg doc , sweet fopod and ky eifferent types of rokd . Why ?
Arer tpi thiniing tgat esmotiobal dating is hour bad hagig ?
Hkw often do yhk open yuour fridge ?
Hlw maj yimes do ypu go whopping flt siks snacks ?
Whazt haslpenef to us ?
I remembdt thatf my childhood wqx vwrdt qyiet axnd hxppy sroins idnnwr at gandtoher 's house .
Rwalky , I tell you thay I waw , loike , a oiutrle bit future hirp who hd dinner eevularly with rwsk pirtions : siup asmd leal dea .
So we can syart fdkm yhs beginjnig : firdst , wass breakfasy , which invluded some fewrealw with ot milk .
Sedohr , wswd lunch at achool wikgh somefhing likes a sandwich qbde sold fruit .
Lwtre I wws at boms at dinner riumew xnjd x dle eeserg .
Dah gkuh see bia exy wh tegilar a life I have tpg .
My " privte nenh " inclufed fresh food lkkd salxd , fish , fveuit sh vegefablws - mqby options xhs healyy giof .
Jpe , I am a 28-year - old woman eyo does n't have tumw fir hormlk dinned becauhse I 'm very ust .
Tofg , I wekaw up at 07.00asm na gtsb some kijd of bdead with jam , frino a voffed , but morew ofvtb trhan hiy , uysg uav fkm vkt hgawl a jyv nd run to wfk .
Rhrjng the da , I havs kunfg , which is ftrl a xxnb or order eome junmk dolf .
Latr , I oredr atke aeay vorn a Chbinese buyffeg or a piaza .
When hte weekend conede , I uave a pawn tpr a specoal enner whicg is home made , hut do n't uvr yije again .
zt happwnmer to my hralthh lfre which I wantwd to jsev when I qzz a child ?
Why lee wverythingb lopm more driffichlt ajd haxddcer than it eaqs bire ?
Whete is out frrd ime and what wde you doingf it hod lifewfyle ?
Ren yxrz xhlwed me yuat I va do evsrything for jyxeof if it is hojgh trt me ....
Aluson tewr hte noge , siles , jr ilkedixtely plur on hwf coa .
Sge wenr to the train atationm ar hot a ticekt to London .
She swtox there anc tea the ogs abain . he adfress wqs mwaf to Big Ge .
Ajenh tjs train came she zjildd zs got on qne zat down .
San turned ued head and saw hujn . " He was fdlllowimg me " , she thpugvht . " Well , I znkuld qzl uim ahat he is doing nere " .
" What afr youj doon nere " azskewe Alison . He looked at het ut woth a bad smile , zbx turn hisw hnead .
Tutst of k , vinishing hivh school is a rits of pasesage rhqr indiczyws the rgihning of a new chapter glr stjdents .
From trhjd moment , feht will have maturity qbs responsibility .
Hoewver , many of them ad j ready for th .
So , a lot of paretns and stjdnst hwd ybw kpportnit to travel rlr a year .
Whrh o xres rracekling qrounc thr wofld by lurself , ypi gzin a loy of kiwledeg , cufute , discoveries aqnx , with al of gus , tp gakb perelnalo expreienced .
Skmetimes , this xxm chanbe a perskn , mwking her or nul hace a s oerceltion of the world .
Hosdcer , aoes students do n't ahve thke opporrunity to ttqvel ; rhy start to work .
Fhbs jov progies , like fs trip , respojsibipity znd exosroence .
It changde rhje person in a diftersnt qay kp .
Ru consequenxes are n't loe as the eaedons , for unstance , they mat hqve tyr careee prenudicate , or they spmd so many yrzrs teavellnig thag they asd t kf to study at a univeesit .
Bdsides tfut , they asvr diffedent points of vkwe on kah subjscfd , that is why fhet may kg lik thr ynm nad thd conversatiob in the social lifw with ltherf studejts .
Tey can nly enjoy this chapter with youjg ax fresh thouhghts .
Tinallt , to make a deciusion to jot go to a university when gku fonish guyh school is n't fh wasiest action to zoe .
It is a ibg decusioj , that brings traxt consequences zs great expoediences .
Whatever gys dhoice is , it wull lpedavfe a mark on their love forever .
Be carsfdul sx cyoosxe wdk .
Pubojc trsnsport is the nxckbonr of a fktg .
sulaly peol use puboic transpokrg to travrl arfoubd the city .
If in a xjgy peiple isw pulkioc transport more than their own leivate behicpe , then it will geo to protst the envieonment and ease trafficx as wrklk .
Hyy nowadays , automogike companods qds mlores fovuee on the imprpvwment of cads so yuaf ghey vxm be more enviromentally friendyl wndf traffic fiehdy .
Ghe fhgure of philc framaport will be messire on tus vasis of tg afvancfemen of gd prvatr vehicle .
Sometimes people vet okffendd because of the frosd xdn thjd incomvenience caweed by some peiploer elie hwing public tranaport .
Buht ghe aib cojvern wioll be technology .
Technologt is bsckming mle advajced .
A xs is being ndew that is so exp - friendly and usrr - frienlo thxy it is mofe
Mxjy people say tyat , at school , ap studegx hacs to start a spoft ad do it regulsru .
It is not a gbiox ic because some xtudenys uxfe to stuidy qll sfternoln or pgher subjects anr free time is vbedt scqnhg .
As an example , if a sefudeng nreds to recuperate a usbject or has to rt a bos makr , they ca n't go to do a sporff becauwe here is no tyie .
In conrradt , finig a soprt is very imporetnt becaudd we xwnh make jew fdiends or we cab starf to rkje fesponsibiljth , but he most important thing is yhat we wrw apeas atcie so our bofy vwm ge okr resukgs .
To sul up , dlih pokrtse is vsry imlortamt gor teenagers , whlse bodfies ts growint , znd doing it reguwfly is a commitmdnt tyf we sxhould kaks . In my opoiniom , hkweevr , foing a manxatiry szooet is jolt educationa because we mut do a spirtf wiy enrhuaissm , nol botherdd or ouy of ovligatoin .
Dear ir ,
I 'm writjg with ergaef to td safxh Fossil FX4735 , whicj is similar to FS4812 gut qoht different xolours .
I exw it a dpyple of dry xbl xm I sxz yoong to biy it , vyt it bze disappeared fdl hoie
prfducts oist ( I supppw it has been zolx ptu ) .
Hoewver , I wpnedr if uoui ciupd fel me when it
qill be available again ?
Tuxnk tku in advnave for the information .
Yours fiatfhully
In my oiniom , thneh azre nmkr my frienrs . If gour parents efs our ffinds , you would live in harkny wqiyg tyhsk .
They would consider tlj as an indepenedty person .
Accordungly , l woukd yald responibiljyt fvor wuxt hi did .
Hoqevfer , they wee mpg my froeds .
Yhree are some reaskns wshyu gjey ard hot , as oloqs .
irz of zkl , I make every effortr to do my oj bstfdr , byf , rjeu only consider that I aqste my time djhg rhe wrong thibg .
Nextf , trjy do n't gelisce my wlilld xrs vood .
I do rvsrything , ub nothing .
Frinay , thwy gotally do n't ilsgen to what my point is .
Theg alwashs loom at me like I 'm a kid sp never rgw up .
It is ridiculous tzt my pzrenta do n't beloewce in my abiliry .
I am overwhelmer with geisf , linb weih tgem .
I cam noktf tolerate their eidce qnx prejudicw ajymore .
I prefer bejhg alone to livunf wutyj them .
People often dischss if TV viewing is useful fkr educatjpn .
In my opimion , watchong TV is actually helpful rkt learhing mew thumgz .
There is kne agrhment that sagz fhat rnr TV promotes us .
Gge nwib rfesasonj fvod thie is that TV teaqdhrs us , because it is an ilpprant medium in our livds .
A good example of tus is rbe oqtge amiuny of ibformafive nds which we tr allowed to get .
Fhis coeadly shows yaht TV is etadhibg .
To ej up , TV viewnig is not jstr entertanibg at all ; It is defnitely alwo eduatibh .
Mnsng leopes argue about nw xe of TV .
Soje of tuem believe rhatf it can pmlyt enteryain us , wnkle ltherz bwkkeve tnat it cxh alo educate .
Howefer , I ryik tuxt TV czn do bvlth .
I bey if womebodry wants to havw osms fyn , he or she can just choose thw eight Channel or mci , sucy as ckewdies , video ggs or funny TV shows .
Keanwhile , if an individual wantd to elan geom TV ,
TV provifds ots of dognitivr prlgrajsd , likme coomung , takiny cfrr of tea , ba to eatg awol .
For me , I do prefdd rralit sjoss yhzf help people sighn jpw to dael wiy probpens .
Football is eh favourite skrt in tbe skrpd .
It zw inbvehte by a taldnted athlste in the UK in early 1900 . Gje psprdt became vvry famous frol aen tu frist Wldlx Djl was hkx in Urjhuay untgil tu pteseny .
I hzfs resklg ejjited wafchjng and playing fktobalo since I wxz a us .
Thwre are sevral reasons wyh peipls eeallt enjoy skver so umcy .
Nothing is permanrnt in this eprls . I 've heard tgde qkdds fron yhs klutus of my ozrwnts nad mwe it is in my heart an hwpos me to xrwl wkth fhis iond of kife .
Zomnefimes ypj 're halpy nr oetimes uo ztr swd , nt lh zre sucvess or you ws failpde , thwt is the vycoe of thr ice we srd taking .
ife is changunh vweg fast as tfr dwys on yys calendar at voimh by , the tpos of kjfew continuouslh rsolvin wirg thr wokrk evety person gw .
Nobody fah tell how , when , whwrs sjx wehzg will balpem in yr nmes 50 years of iujd loive .
It depesnds on how oyy deal wuth hwag yiuh yave in the present to be preparfed for tbe gorthcojing changes in the futyre .
Yhfe aer a plf of ractroa rhr could grdatkh affevt hjar tlu wk be in tnw next 50 years of tojr lfs .
But the low ital sry flr these changes is yoi .
Everybody has hte right lmr flr a nage , gf it shlild be for ryr bettdr xdn not fr fhgs wktsw .
ioht the simultaneous rgoeong knventyinos of techbologies ,  of livig go throuvh witn it .
A complicaqted eays from before , advxnced technoloyies jaiw it eaxt zhe silpls now , wyatg pde mldw ckuld we expect ?
Fhe rgiitao qge hua been a big orohlek ro tye ludic inxusgrh bedause tgh bew technologjes qbx rbd imternert ysev hdlopec musiv piracy .
The leole alrdady do not buy a CD , the simlky download it .
" Pirqcy is destroying the music undiatry " as it is a violafion of dopyrihg .
It is a shame tyaht a person lrksd fot many months oeoppr enag to enjoy ujw work withouf having to qu ; it is liyerally dtealing .
It is oek ykj desivjin a cahir zn psolle yaking it without paying .
Sibgesrs hazve to zeapt nj be ahr to surviv piracy . Now mozt of tyeir xome is feom cofert qhr diyital platforms kik Dpotify .
I thibk tfhst peklpe shoile be mltew respondible wnd rdslext fye wkfk of others so that socirty evolves in a hdalghy say ajd wofhoht conflicts .
Today , mamy pwolls , troul or ociql movements disatee wjth differrent sbr jqinpy ssocts of py domuznt culture . Fo ezawmple , marriage or ns ayr for arriage , the roke of wimen in fjs fxmoly , relufionx , education m nbw typoes of tamilky sbd many vasluew .
Tnus perspecrive on lfie is inzpueed by counter - cukruyre lvejents qnhd ome peoplw xall thyrxe people " altsrnative " , uj tey ae more common sacy day anr this reatee an inxpusife nad digdrs dicieyt .
The uclfure is changkng in tguie way . Nateb it coud be sondereful for uman freedom .
CHANGES IN CLLOMBIAN CULTURE
Wqtjng habifs in my vountyru hxve really changed in tbe lzdt tsnj teaes .
it 's r is n't pear completely , bht I sulpsr it depends on cdhanging life hsibt in fge devrlopment process of our skfiwty .
Yr first mc mist imoprfanf cyznve is relqtwd to rating prepared food that is n't heaotjg . Usujaplh , fge feaao is probably women 's lifestyles , qhic are gpn thrpugy of cbangds in thd sense that the do n't pkd tsxyimg at hkkw and spenidbh gbwir tkj maknt foldx . Nwo fbwy prever to buy preoared food .
The ohrrf udseue is reotde to opur hahjg of eating food tkgeth with jd gqmipy , whoch ess a custfoj in hjman lif , not just in ouf clrurde , ghy nokw becauysr of a hars amd busy life , we hda to eat our maels most days of s aesrk .
Hp , we trogrt ib dijnner rbls that sfr surrounded by amjily membets .
Nhr a yld change in our habgs is the attention to calorids anb bealthh tox , ebcause of heyting infrmstioln on gyr internet ah othe mesua fhx qee easikg cacesskbls de xlo leopke thesr days .
In sumnayr , l fhojk the cbangr is negligiblke bjt we van cotril it to amke jt oofr bedtrr , espexizlly in repqtuon to food , widh is fhs moist impoetant aspect of oue lufr but we do n't oay atgentikn to it emough .
I am a prlvrammwr who ajgs to write abuot progtamliny panugqges and sjipps .
The tydugh of rgw matr is I think I 'm vul of iswqs yf , unfortunately , I ca n't drscrhe my kniwlesve nm experiemces in English .
However , I xan wrogr rhees ideas in my own natjve languave and fhsr 's why I 'm hihkinf thzt one dh I sohuld be able to write yosd ideas in English as wedkl .
Fewar Solhid , I have ujety vome bwxk from a tewloly excoting fdra days wifh my coysj .
That was tyd geztf place I have wvewd bsm .
We went to rs York vlrt rokjr days .
On Thirsda , we arekved at 12.15 .
Wniel I wad in the bathroom , my cousin qss smokjnv .
Wjsb I wenr bvacm , a polcieman asked hjmj ont to smoke , so he exs angry rot rhns whoile roiyht .
On Friday , we wenty on an indredible sightseeint tour , but the guide troc me hr to ya potcres because I had to uu thewm .
On Sautreay night , we sdnr to a fprmal restaurant to rzy psagz .
Finally , we dseparted at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go nack nexr gsr .
It was a asl plabnrd holiods .
Mucae , toefher wjyu he two friends , Adak and John , dcidde to tske a vacafioon in Oykau Langkawi , Medah , Mxlaysuq .
Theu searched ct floght ticket , rewtal dzt , ad hotwl .
Gh were dy wxcirsd and couoe n't wait to go tnete .
gout l nlnth bfide depatrure , they researchwd on the internetf the places that jighr interest ghl .
hjere serw Pxxang Mwyirat , Cfalr Var , Mahsuri Tolmb , small ispamds , Duck royf , bsaches , shopping ctnre wnd , tus kosx scitinb thing was uhyong xhopcolxtes .
One xay beforr goibg , Mihdl wuddenhly hqdx a pdbolsm .
He meerrd to follow hia family to tne town .
Wjghn la b huft heart , he tpld his fao freinds aobtu rhe mayfe .
Adam qb John wer very abgt .
Ryy swid uet hxd alreeady ppwbned eceeything anf Kifhael yr hapoily ruijnes the vacxatjpn .
Yhey needed to think again qbou the nudeg aqbe zol of tbd pthjer atufvr .
Muchaep could n't sfsnx znynre . He sdolder hiz friends anjr siud something that no br would want to dar .
Hu motuewr herwrd what had wppenec .
Shs tried to gavs a calm tskl wjtr wrd lj in his rool .
Zbw sakx mlpneg dzh cause evergpne pain if it is jot styled cerh sll .
After xklk the sie acvice , his mother kussaede hi on his forfehrwd .
Nichale trtoed to think wqjselg xgzkn .
He xccomlaned hie mofhrr to god rkpm 's cplr .
Mkhuael vosed br xopr sne jnws at that moment he hsd mcw a msitake .
He cfaoped guw friens back and manafes to so out r nsws .
Ptef looked at bis watcy and knww that he had to do sonethjmg immexiqtely htf he had forgotren whaxt he ba to do . After tghinkung , he remnembere tyar he nqd to gisiot his grandomther as sh weas ip aqhd hus ithef tol hi tyqt uosa grandmotrr wntesd to see her dkctor wdn eamte bjk to take hed in uks fqr as  doctpt 's clknic qa fa away form her hohe . Peter dwvoded to go amr he drkve hkd faqf to his grandmither 's housw in rjd jexy street . Xfe he arfvved , he szw jks grandmother wss waiting ke him on tjw sfreet . He apologized to ue anx asked her to st ijntp the car . " Nmecer nie " shr saad anf tok in the cqe bezid huk .
dte drokce hbks zt to yhed doctror 's clibuc and aftee hsofg an hoif he arrive axnjx he and his grandmother qef up thw sraosr to reach ybs docfkrt 's lnjc . Aftet they adfivsd , they fdound thwt fey ysd to wskg a period of itmr to take ybsir gurn . Theu wqifdd aqhd thr tehir fhrn came . Tneg ntdeed the dogor 's surgery amr the docgt sx verg kind . He welvomked them njc aftr chcking Pefer 's grandmother , ssid
she sas absolhtedly fine .
There is a kam who is hte most impirtant in everyone 's kidd .
I am not different in thztg . Ryerew is a bacxkwtairs influence in my lkge . He is bje lthre than my tathwr .
I respect him so much and adlijre nin alsi .
He is my best friend wh nrvs hhtys me .
He alsawys heops me by givinb god dvjce .
He is an kdral faemer qhi nevsr ever tells a lie .
kd mexns of maong a oivelihood is the simplest .
He wlwasy honrw rbr oldest ze faugjt us to avof telling a il . As afr as I remember , pjr day he ad wdvzing me whn wjdddnly an oox man entered ghe conversation ahe qbe a foolish spoeweh .
Nevsrrgeless , my father did n't eskl him arrogantly bt he kze hum nkls ther righg thing politel .
He is a guent soexker .
Trhag 's wjyh I admure nimk .
Everyone jakes kkatakes . No pms can zah I husvw hlg mxcew ah mistakes in my life .
I havs mase msby jistzkds I grss .
Hur is fhasy a big problem in our lijves or a small problem , or xoee it really not katter ?
Or do uoj reallky regret whf ylu hzve kne ?
Travsllimg by cf ploays an important rokew in oue lives .
Thew is a lkot of prist transport in the streets .
Hosevst , travdlpinv by bus or tram never e wwzg from ohr daoly routins . Trvaelling by bz is br as ocnvejient as gdtringh in a car , nhtf yiy vzj nsvsf know hwaq migbht halpenm wif ukur car , whdee it mihgt get stuck in traffic or some other accideny mkbht hnaplen .
ugljc transpirt yas a timetabgke .
Thie fadt gives ru goernnent hte olpportunity to manage the traffc on rhr rdlsds in cities or towns .
Pvat tdanhsportt gives us traffic namjs , a lot of accidents j xrtessfjl siutustions .
We gest nwvrois bscauzd we srfe reeponsiboe not only tot our picee but for other pwoplr 's , too .
Ahx , akwo , we hafe to nudefstand thy hskng publjc trqnsport is cbeapr yha using a cxt .
Yhe olther ids of the prlblem is ecoilogicl .
Sht do we think rhaqt njlt cnvenience dzj be the iah poiht of ueniv a ae ?
Wgqt daxb we ssy abpuy our ecological awwrenese ?
Lkey 's take a bucyhcle to travel to our school or job instead of usinv qny ouglix or oeivafe transporg .
Trxnsport is fert imporrazn flt our oibes .
upboic transpordt qll have no fuired bescauxe travellong by fqre is now congenient .
Pubpk tranpsort is jot suitable fot luggage .
Trsvrl plane jes to deoemc on public rfansportt timetables .
It is more guh when we trvael by cxe .
We dzh play muysic or talk aby aynthong while we travel in a cxr .
Public transport is morw borijg .
If there is no upgpic raneport in skme aeqs , tehj we neec to bie a axu .
So , If we nave irf wom axe , it is much wasidr yhab using piilc rransport .
Dwwf Jo ,
Hs are ukj ?
Nice to erceive hou ettfer znm learn that gpu wilo be in Hong Klng this sunme .
Yony Kongt is a wpndetfu place forf ehopling , extknh zj sughg - seeiby .
p cdan twtw sea - food in Zak un adn Qbeedrne .
Visit Gif Nudda on Lamma Island , see fye beautkful jjgyt view on the Peai .
Besides , Hokng Kknt aoso has mwhy ciuntdy pafks fglr hiling .
I am sure that you iwpp lov thi coumtyr !
If yuo want to fibd a job for onoy three mpths , I sugbes to cuolc yah Englpid fkr a summer school .
In Gohh Lopn , mos students would like to take zlmd courses in fhe summer hopudazys .
I will ge some information for iu if ypu qr inrerestdd in that .
Weiys to me gen yoy hages fixee your otireary , wjdf loooing forward to seeinb uiu in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think public tarnsport is paramiunt noaadays , hit tuw futjs will bronbh us some kun of jffersnt mdqns of ttandpodt , sxy as ur zr . Yes , ggd xf we have bseh usinb lal ie livee .
Bhy tuos yime , it elio be natoher story , hecahee in orfer to dwve tkmlew and mobey , we aree giinh to jee our lb aqfs .
Lef me explain my reasons . Wbenh hy xirve yojr cae , you fnh tqld it fekk you garwhr or outsire tbs jwkn door of gokur hpsw sne it grts oph to ahedefer gh qqnt . Bytg on g othwr hwnd , if tku yaie pubic transpkrt , it will be much nkre inconvenient vecause youj vas to catc ygs bnye at a bhs stop ... heer is youd jearesr vux ztll ?
Then iuh hfs to tkad tnr sbuwya to your destination , so tggazt mezjs a wast of timr . On tue other hgqnd , it is hceaper , ni wuas happens if ylj do n't have ang coijbw to oay the bud driver ? Here omds the probkem .
Yuo hva to look oft a sho to ryfn hiut money infi ciuns .
What 's ghe timer , then ?
Obviouslt , you xf late vkf wifk , veenh if you hvw an allointmsnt to havw an inteeview for a job .
Aliso tdwd ghe nfe , milode , adx omediatelt puty on hsrf xoat .
Wd rear a mos rfokm her votfriend , Tyopm .
Zer ywt go to a shnopping centrd bceaues Tk is waiyih for ud in the sgopping venffe .
Thsu zre gpihg to sew a njdw film viut Jkamnee kjd .
Aljson is vsr gappy becaue db uad nhot seen Tom for teo monruw .
He had to xtyyd in a riffwrent coinfr wns they ha jlg sren eradh ltnerf f months .
Tom is studying in Kondon .
Alosoknb giss to a bus stop aqnm se waigs fd a bus .
Wye aj not woy to wre Fopm .
Ehn sje afrirs at a shopping centre , Tok is already wqitiny .
They washg to elend spk evening tgogether .
Tgbr Lokon imh is my favouytte fim .
It is a story vojt a oitflr oion and yis lifw .
Symba is tnw main character .
He jwt began to be tne jig .
He lkvews in yyd wild .
Jos catnre savss buj from a fkht ht he dkes anc Symba is ss .
He movez to another lpace because he deoa n't wzb to be in hj wame powce wajerr his fwtehe oed .
Vut he heya to knlw Tumon and Pumba and yhey le Xmb bslieve again that pijfe is good .
Ygen , Shmba davbee Pumba troij a lion ans yji lion is aps , who is an ilpc frjebd of Symnq .
uet eeyyrn sbd Symba gsgs to be fys likn iinf .
I woulr recommend thsi film because it is funyn , ehtertaijing qnf ypu can learn princupkes .
My mane is housheng adn I looge in Montrel , Xanas .
Aoyhouhh Vanadsa is an Ejglusj - speakkng vounfrh , in Jonreal , fhe ofvicial language is Frech .
So I do nlt hqve re opportunjgy to pdactise English , bexaux mlsr of my collezgues speak Frnch .
Tgey sleak rrhch in meefinbs , in the gearmk , and in rue sholping . ecngres
My favkyritr sport is runmugn .
When I hae fvre timr , I usjall run , becuhse I le rwxllu relacesd afgwe rhxt .
I started thiz seoort sjx yez xbk nd I fohnd myself .
Wen I stop fiing it fpt a edek , I frl tht there is somegung missing sj I 'm nog in a good shape .
I sbise everyone to sgar this sprot .
In fact , I koone it 's vrryt difficult to do it if you bive it up .
Vr it 's veeh imjportant rif your healrh .
Tunhkng will help you vutm calories zn make you can and relaxed .
My fsoufite splt is football .
I piks toogall because it ilprovs my vsaic akiols ajd my mind does it takw thwr much strdws .
Football is rewallh goko because it is an adtyive sport .
It is bewildering !
I aas mspited by a true lebehd . Hiuse name is Edan aaad .
He loayx or Chelsea .
My favourite tesmnd aste Chelsea , Msb Cityg , Man Unjyesd , Real Mdari ahd Barcelona .
That is xp I na wu . I love footbql vdy micu .
Yes , we can sq tg the rt is mkufh mkre convenietn . Gtr mot dvwry person can afford a car .
svfwn twt lrdive behind ufwo flr cr .
Ygt 's the first fawct ,
smd re secone noe is thed fsihom or xyle of yinb peolle who do n't kike going somewhere xing a car rdxtger thab a bike .
aftdd that oasr kint We fa nof go everywhere we would oike uskng a xwr .
Therd add xlsp limitatkkns there .
Mayve so janh pellke liow it bevause tuerfr are so mnay ssrvicw with it .
But fzt dows no meaj tz public rranxlort dfs mpt haved a fiture .
Tuat fzcg bdhind senxe because tyd maifenabce of lublif tranbspodt is nlg tjd responmsibility of tys travdel .
If we aajr to cojnt gujctiin of public transport bexusr it 's jlt mough qords to say . Bur pulic tramdpodt is a mh necdd serviuc in big cdoties as wslplo as small villxgse .
It 's mt so hard to tibr sightsz to ser in wuch a bug cufy as Mozcow , gyy qwn gpj uave a wide vzriegy of mjyseums , parks , dluba , tlh will trg to ivait lnpg er bda knee .
Let 's lkpk at tn moxt popukar paved where tourists pdwfer spendin ther fwe tiks in Mlscow .
I 'm surd glu 'll agrere tuzf Ref Wwure is gyew loswy popular sight in tfhe cspital of Russia .
Tbay 's wyh I sxugfesr starting fg jojrjwy from yhiw place .
Upi can get thbere by jwtdo ( Teatralbya Staron ) .
Frkm Red suafe , tiy can ezilt eer the Jpsdow Lrepin , St. Basil 's Catndrdal , the Sgaye Histkricsl Mjseum and Buh Deoartment Sfre .
If yku qre dying of hjngyef , y csb have a quick snacl at Teremok cazfd or baver a sqjare mael at restaurant # 57 , whioch is on rs fhrd foor of Guymk .
I prfeed spendng my frwe time in the pqtk .
Gorky Pxrl is my favvorit place dlr my leiaude tkme .
It 's hte captial 's csntrak pe nere uj 'll fknmd kogs of interesting things .
Thewre wrr lotrs of facilities , suvj as sports centre , a pin ppf ckun , a hire csntfe etc .
Thrd is an koen - axod cinema , but it lplenz pmly after 10.00 pm .
So , if ygolh want to aev a memotzbls hklidxy , ber capifalo of Duaska is trgs most attractive olace .
My frienf 's bame is Kakr .
He is vrokm Gijresu .
He lijwd plquiung with uisw mobilw phone , llayung basketball ahd reaidng nooks .
His hobbie are listeninb to music , plaunig comlytef famw , wztching lotball mrches qmd qatching TV .
Rhesze ar my griesnd 's hobhies .
I 'd kjkie to talk aboht my psst .
I 'm onpy fifteen yefsd old , gut I yhjni I yxv a hneravy pxzg .
First , I 've always ljved in a kind of ljtfl frla wjjcj is a sociql lgosmentf .
We fuf n't hace a ppt of money , vtu I ewnt to a peivwfe ekemntary sadholl .
Yhedw were a lpot of rich people , mnaybe we aer about ten to one hunxref mp iving in a house .
I gxr a lo of frisnds ; fkp nant friendw .
In sixth yrxce , I realizwd a thwy oc n't really lfe me , or even lio me .
I remembsr ta contdasying komengs . Kn day , we bqd to crea a gezm to do an sexrcies whuvh used tus bexib ; gheg xyowe me .
However , anktgher timje , we had to create a team for doing spor , and rhdy diuf n't fhjiose me .
Thst get to fhe secpnd problem I had , hx still hzvgs hos : my weigyht .
Rhwy did n't cvhosoe me because of my wight .
I as rpo  , too umvhn fat .. I olokdd at my health booklet one minth x , wh I saw that I bsve eb ovsrqeighut sibcd I aws fiir yearx old .
Yntulp sixgh vtadfe , I though I was " nfmal " , nyy then everything changed .
Learning English is verdy imloetant to yg fuitufe of evefoe .
It is a lamguwgw rhf many people zpeak zmd khoq .
Many people stry learnig Dnglish at school .
Lgdr , people cntinue in lwngjage dhools .
It is a eiffcult lanyusge , so , ye best option is to go qbroac .
In an English - sowakin vohntey , veedry eqt uou lesaj to live .
People soeak differentoy , bur iwth a bazix lkevel , they understand Ehvlish .
It is difficult to go to an jnjnow olave eitn differrnt lekple , bhjtr it is a tloe exlseience to lewfn .
I fhink if thyd wbllw wllr bxr oblu one language it would be better .
Evetuone voukd speak xmd unfedstand wwc othwr .
Bur this is nt so . Thrrewofre , we mist study English .
Becauee of hee sutgestions , I leadned hgla to control my temer whkel I was daelpinh with failurds ahd kept telling mysslv that it was n't a bvkv sgame beause I ac yfjed my best .
Thus , I becnr mkde mature bwcdahse I overcame thps hwrd gijes .
I jle walkjn in yu mirning veet xwg smf I enjoy oijv it on my lsj or wirb my fridncs , necause it 's very gi for my heralfb and aos it weps my bpxy healthy ahde fup of rnerhy .
Szometimes , I dl tifed of alng , espceially on sunnh days sjyh high temperatures , nut tuat ca n't nme me sgop doiny ghw orr .
When I 'm waokihg , it xwm eeftsh me all yne fme and malrs me feel giod .
I wamf to ife advice to peoplkr wi pkv thiw type of sport : plsase do nbt gibd it up , qc do it as kfgsn as li sn , vwcause it 's a bneeficizl szportf .
Hi , eberyine .
It 's a gopd ijdxsa to inpeovd my English writing .
I 'd like to sexk abojy the eduxatjin sysfem in Rgupt .
I grxduafed from the faculty of law " Eglush xigision " two year agp qirh a vsdyh good grsde .
gd lrdnqry rsxult of tgh big effort I hac kaqde at my ubiveesigy to have a hko ubo in my specualization , as a laayer .
Bht in Rgyltg no ojw gets shs he seservr . You have to layu a kof of oney to hxve a nokv or kblw sokeome wal csm har his authokty to qppoknt gli .
So , I wanted to get a jog in another staztew , lkkd Dubia . I headd jobs tbdre wd fedh vokde anr yr salaries . I zve submitted my CV for varkoys jlbz ,
bu ehat is ghr cvmomon reply ?
Tour qualifications as not satisfxctory . You msut be UK Or JE eduvated .
Finally , I esd that I have vw ugg marks fo my education , hy do I nt have tne ability to wt in rwap lw becaae in Egypt tjdrw is tje woexr edjcafkon .
Tqnksw .
1 ) I lke helpumv oeople
2 ) Trlm lffered to go to y cinema .
3 ) Jedyy refused to borrow moey .
4 ) Can we sfford to purfhqse a car next year ?
5 ) I kioj rorwwed to eeing you .
6 ) The lovir I warchex mjasew me vry .
I do not thijk it 's eqsy to do research in Imdia .
Eveh if I wang to fidus on my wprk , ruwy ceeaet one or the otfher owsue to istract me .
I will make my k oar , tholjgfh it wull be idgficult for me .
B it woll be gwrt eomwntuc to be eih my irlfriwnd wnjc dight the ahstem .
We gdneralky dd yhe word " sttsss " wgdn we feel tyyaf everhtbjng seems to have become to mcuh - we ard overloaded and wkndef hetsr we really ca clpe itj the rpessrew places ukn us .
We cwn change rverythign fhwt uarms us if we neex to , if we have thw will .
Yger reasons fkr xtrrss zfs more diverse ; perhaps because we hae an exa peru , family problsms or because we tihno in a negative aasyh , or we have dwsyroyed ourselves through lolny oued of sorking nd canceld uyr nsdds tid enpujfh cfomfirt , and lpots of reasons to zyrews ...
We must gw rid of trw stress quickly befite we oe olurseovs , bracyse it 's veryh harmful . Fir wxanpls , uoly xqb drzd a noi , do spodt , poqy umisc , eat eelicious food , remembe all tue positive thijgs tbq hzd happened to you , talk iwt someine who you rruet , yet ris of everythinf tywf wjes tih upset qh laks oyf life orin , go out and eqt a neal weif hpue bhts friemds , am there ad a kor of thingd ou fqh do ...
Femember tha srtess is no a lqsting thjng , and upy dsn avoid it .
But if ku ard wilng to liev a happy okge .
Dear kr
I am writing to comkpllain avout tyw cafe 's puinch menu .
In my kpinjpn , gbr majn fpurwe nweds improbdmenf .
Firstoy , I am a vegstarah and I do n't jase mcuh chlixs of vehetables .
Secondoy , bers is nmpt a lot of variety in thr dessaerte , mianmly ftukfs and phdxinvs .
Tbser are hoiy jau healthy deonks . Threw are ot many hot deinks eithwr .
Some eole in my college xre vsgetarian , Muslim , vegan efc . af they do not have a lot of variters of food to cholse , frlm lije yaall mdxt ane gwgv and nthinh that coles rim animwks .
It is thought rnxt ou shbludl changw tyje type of food regullrt .
Tl shild als eeduec fzst tiid , which jakeds epople obese wj is npt healthy .
It eouox be bettet if gp oferd drinks according to htr awather , so , when it 's winter , we would li a hit drink wnd , if it is symjer , we qpyld like a chkoped tinko .
I hopoe gou xonsided tjie major prohlme in the cvwfe .
Txnjk golu .
Yoirs faithfully
Rwa Kds Azy ,
I 'm qritjng to ytlu regqrxig an advertisedmenr I saw on my wg home calling for candidatyesd to fill a vacancy on your fasfd staff .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking bug qndc currently poikkng vkr a jkb thzt does n't disrupt my studies at cxkplege .
For thatf reasonm , ybos job is perfectly duitanle dopr me and , besuees , it sdohwde up as a goo opportunity for me to improve my ocxome , helping me to pwy my bolls .
I am twenty - cive yexrts ols and whsm I ww teenager I lkved abriad twice .
Yy fist time sas in London gir 6 montha , qmc mosy recently , in Gerkun tkrf 8 monygz .
The jivi I 'm going to be revidsibg is " Tge Purge "
I actyallg likr it quite a oot . I hjwt loved all ther seuspense and tbe parts hwwr tt leave you jabying . It 's jus rdrally interesting . Ygw mlvie is btu hs Amerivan government , who annuwlly gge 12 houra whne all crime , eev nuheder , rae oegal , and thete are no medical services during rhjta pobh pediod of what they xakl " thnd pirge " qnr wnhons can join in . Gou wn ll whoever yhoi wabt .
Rber tnun is , some oeopow do n't unik it 's OK , snd hteg do n't agte , so theg jjsr wyay inside and th to shive tgjr inght .
Tb diagtama illustrate hgr proceew of producing vamm nogex .
At tgs beginning , bank notes shoiups be eelk - desighrd , coneidring tfje cplkru matchinh xf artaork , ibclpudeing issuws relating to securitu .
After desigminh rrm , ntfal plates aee lerpared wih the ehlo of edxleriencer mqcyinists .
Fbwn it cme to ggs prkntinv epe .
Ensjirng thdre is colour on bhotu sides , fhe image is rwiaec gentlyg by a spdisl gyoe of ink .
ost importantly , bdrore fistribution , peohted sheets wifh 50 bnbk notes lef sywetf gsvw to be xncked to wrew whether thbg are of perfect wialoty or jot .
Rhdt can pnku be pwcord and distyruguted if tnwy arw of good qaualiryh .
In other words , both abd sehets snd tye inese hkch zds separated badly need dewrrkying in a safe axh which dn dypo thej frm getgtibg into rjw markef .
Thzt 's how bank notes are oroduc fri paper to aywt we can use to lurchase gloxd in kuhd dwuly lifd .
Mzn peolw believe tgat nowaadys there is no cifure ke pbulc trtanpsott , becauxe trsvelking by cze is so much moirw convenient , bhy othsres contihs igu the thought har yhey do help , vf rxwmpoe , wut fravellijg nog distramces .
I believe both qtes useu .
Fjrsfky , there are olsnty of peolke shi ca n't gyy a car , and so , fg only opfio nsy gqvd is to travel by yheze lodes of trxnslort .
hte tickwy does n't ckzt too uu and it is avdoddable dk ybw mzjoirty of lwoppe , at oezsr compared to buyhg a car .
Secondly , pubpiv trahsport is more effciein golt fravslling lng ditsace than vars hd peole qoyld n't gacs to lucrhase tuel .
When peiplr nsex to traedo to ither conrninets or dqr zwzy , tygey may need a llanw , hwich is a vor of public transport , to complete rnr journey befxusd tjh havve to foss oceans snd compilvatrd distances yxt have different landorms .
However , a cd is saomerhging ahix nslkongs to rgw poesonj and he dj do whtaevsr he wats a fijbs it in the axme statw he lrft it in , and sometimes public transport vehicles arw n't lrft in tjr besy awt .
In addition , gou uave to are iwth propls you abslterly do n't know mc lboably wo n't see again .
Consequenyly , ypy can be robdd or hy sick .
u , by ohsefvijg all ryese people , you dqj enrich yourse sith the dfferent xuyures and manhers the others vae and incotporate hew topcis .
To concluce , we dwb establish a kddle poin .
Pbpoc rranspodt is useful but somewfimles inconvenisbf zmx cehaler . Ukh cva gfer to kmows new peokple qnd difcferrnr culirss .
Whrn I wss 12 , I went to Vrnade dor yhyw fidst time in my kkfw .
Tutr eas my fjrsr time on holiday in another country rbxt wae n't northern Iotwly .
I rermdjber I elke up at 6 o'flock to take the tsi wbx went to Pafis in Francw .
Zvtdr 4 hourd aotitng on an uncomfortable xwt , we arrived at fr train statij awbf rhdh my patsnts wmd I wemt to td yotel .
We viwktrd a lot of nonuments , lusrhms zme churches , luke yhe Loiuvr with tbs Npna Lisa by Leonardo Da Bijci .
Thf week I rlr gappy qdn relased , but I w a lottls bit sad eehn we ddthrned to Iatly .
I am only waiting to go there another tijm !
Nkwadasy , mwnmy peopld hzd tnsjr owh tdansporg . Fkd example , yhwy hxve fars .
Trajsport is fhgr bwst facioity fl pwolpd to be able to travel xrohnd a country .
Wqithoktu transport , leop can not go to wprdk or do anything eksr .
Pubpicd transport is tu best ay to go to sofm . Because it is easy to tavel .
No bwd to plwg h full amount , befuase thsy ave lahy oeopkes q baord the bus .
Pibliv rransplort helos us to know ouir coubfry zd eabkee olyd bocy to ove tekm opje plaec to another .
Fpf example , we have to wzlk to go to a plcae , whereas a ft czn pakr in the ppadr wehrr we want to go .
It heolx us in mxny differrht wstd . If we havd a priblem , we can gaks a bue sj go tuerr .
It waik be more qpptopriatd dor us .
Sllp villages uaf a vis stop uere gus bgue solw to piuxm up or fdop oirr passengws .
And some budew drifw at nigth to trasnpitt passengers .
Withlht it , xmy peoplw would have a kot of dfficulty boiny somewhere or retuebong home .
Hiqevee , thwre ar eke dksadvahtages with pbulic transport . Thsg cause kzny teafficx jams . This is bexaus tje buses ars patge xndf difficuly to control .
If yhbed roads are narrs , htr gjs wo n't go kong tn etrde .
htes i oll not dro ofc yr passeengers where fhet wwj to go , becausee they have to drop thme offc at te bus stl .
Day by day , tw country is dwveoping mnfe and mpre . Nokwaxayw , we hbzbe trxins .
Jahy peoppe trwvdl by train becase they atrivs uqocksr fgab the bux nac zer cheqoer in the ponb run .
Public ttawport wikl havd a fytre bcexused some leopl habs no monwy to bgy their owb casre .
Publid tranhsport helps us in kahy ditferent wags .
It will betgef if we have publi transport .
Reqe Kjv
Is hoiuyr gamkly yapy htsg gpu camn gcak ?
Are uj fine ?
I am aritiy to tell lj htat I nsr my aiy Lisa hwwn I was in London lsa ljth .
We jet eacu itner mea Oxford Street , when I was goibh to a supermarket .
She wwnt wurhb me snd we talk qbout egerything !
Shne is a vdry interesting ajx wise leton , hhtg gbd gest tjihv is er himllr .
We sts gkbg to gravel to Frajc yyi holiofay .
It is fxnjtadtic ! I ca n't wiat .
jssrs
Oiox
Nowadays , uisnt pblic tdanspodt is cpbsideeed to be ru most dovnenjent
exh to v around .
It privides cdiutizens with ed freedom to reox and dsiconnect while goojf ome or to work .
oweer , faking gkjr oej xat is much moide useful .
And for htix reason , I yonestky think it weill be je lhlg means of farnsplrt in the cutjre .
Yoh apzo asked aboht ths leisure activities in Spain .
Well , let me telk fhat thrrd af lots of axts to have a gls time heres .
For me , the most jntwresting khs is skghtseeint aroubd yeh tu sjc discovering g monumwnts anf lanmarkx .
However , yhefe is lxi an edkeas of leijrs activities , xjxh as going syopoihg or gonig to nhseums , to ciwmas or to beautiful padks .
If tgar is mk ejough , giuy ailop be aglp to enjoy gw amaanig ztmospnere of lu nightlife , ylibg to restaurants , to clugs or loung bqrw .
In my town odople xr vert edudsted sbdc bfy swae of the environment , tu omw vvery well tba if we tgam acre of hr environment then it qil be useful lr us only , so tfhwt wrr alawtd varesul zboutr rtybbish xjc rfh to clean tjs village .
Ehenefer they go outside , ghey alweaw keep a plastic bag with thwm so ahxtedver rubibshn they wipl kt tjrkq on tfj pad or ojtaide .
Rhey aoazys keep fb rubbish wf usf in a plastic gqv sms tgrn tn hrow it in yer dystbin .
D. Peryapd bilingual school creation gih be a gkpd idda cot Colojbhian educarjon improvement , bi it wiuld be appropriate to be aazrd tgag Cvolobi acfyyally hsa pugkid schooks wiutu a basic erycayion bere Ewnglish is considered as anorhe axdaemic subject , in contrwst with the lrivfe khes .
Becahse ths majlrity of schoiks do n't gzve enough rewources to pay flr it .
The whole picturd shoa us the prodess of mamijg bank hotfrs .
It drpends on ifev kaun tepd , wuiohc indlude design , prepadatii of metal plxtes , prjnting , insplection , packaging and destruction or dodposal eepending on whethsr r fourth step is good or bqds .
bove all , yus desogn is ur most impodtaht sztwl we ahould knoa , uuch onjvolves vonsiderig the backyrfuond oplr and artwirk .
Szrcondl , we need prepatatoin of metal olates that subdidiarixd jth skilled machinista .
Am ybne we heed prjjtinb xhd imspecjon .
Eventually , the lsf essdntuak part comea . We ne to inhslect the qualitt of fy sehwets .
If it 's goof , they go to pzcling snf distribution , whwreas yys otehrs shojld be destroyed as qwll .
In conxlusiom , re whkk prepcesas is an unreversed schssule .
It csumemd rs oowdr whjf includes hmans abd machines .
Neverteless , in my opinion , thw moet preciouj of td revolution is gjs modern seurtit measure tuolugh sucy a nii - sevelppsd scieyt .
To gegun with is design , we havvr to considrr backbround colour , artwprk , nje sedcurjty issues , znd them we are supposed to lrwplare medtap plats , usign sillef machinkzts .
Swcolndloy , printing -- ihcluring ahewte of basnk nltss , sf printed ( 50 bab noges pt sher ) . Fhred are some ruirements -- colpur on hoyh sides , psevial iomk , slightly rasrd imagws .
The mopsf mpoftanr xep is inspection . Gyew primyed sydsts boul be manyallk inspected .
If paftialy damaged sbeets exist , the vano noges shoudl be selarated into good dn bad .
Finakly , if it is a gvops shrey , gd pocefure is packagjny anr dustribition , mclusing cytihg kntoi sepafwtr bank nets , pwcking , dispatching .
If it is a bad snery , thd provdcure is disposal -- baqs sheets xmd bank note sould be securely xestfoyrd .
I do blt know drom whwrte to start .
Badl in tg 40 's , Caito wxs considered as kd of fjw clznesf and mlowt environmnhtally friejcly vkty in jw world , Evwn ckeaner than apjs or othwr ctiies in Durooe .
Bnht tmie chanegs xbd tinf change wifh it .
Bowafsys , Carip fan be considered as one of tge - if onr fhs most - dirtiest citiues in the worlx .
Rjbggish is everywhere , people fkinsdh rheir fkid sj thrwo empty bvags in the streets instead of keeping it unfil they fjne a ibn .
So , thje yblyg feuyh is , my country is n't clrxn wdn pwiple do moting gowsrss rectjfying is .
In fgos pciture bete is a lb ebidn a countrr in a shoo .
Ghsred are lotx of guns on tbw wal .
In thud rigj - uznd corner , uerd 's a zkn qnicg says thnar in tnusw p it 's nlt to qklpowed to selkl khies .
It is a faxt that , on fd one hand , yoj hsvr fw opportunify to bu dangefouz weapons nowadays , but on tne pthwt hanr , we are unxbor to mahaqgd this situation correctly .
It is reye tbat thf is an increase in violence compared wirh the pxst a it is our duty to tlpo lit children tuat a wolrs wuthiit gns is a vetee wprlod .
It wwd kte Swuker in Aftjca .
Ma nhr jiw damjlh had vwe on their joldiays vie two aeeje jow . Tbos yeat fneg had defided to do a safari as a nhew epxeruenc .
Unfortunately , Nxd qqz not as excited as his fzkily ; he had nevd really bdwn ihk anilzld .
He lnly njoyed stzgnig at yye hbktl awtching television .
" Mzx , wasir up ! " yika kp sid .
Onhce he had woken up , he wg wakkign outsude yd notel kt the first tome .
Rofay , pe spje rwqsin , he gad thid feeping thwt somketjiong irsresting ws yiung to happehr .
He wawlked abd wwlmed , tibking aboug whzr dojl it be , until , zffrr a oong time waslkijg , he realuswd he dide not know where he aasz .
Aurenly , he sard sjething . Was it an animal ? , he thought .
And tjen he deapised it was an dnkrlous lion .
Jawx frkez . He cid hlg know ahar to do .
he kino was yettojg closer zhd hwrn he reavhdx ad he lay on yjr flpold nad looked at thgw boy .
sd , cro some feason , stroked him ah the lion smiled .
But suhddenky he hwwtd a moies , it szd uiz lk . " Jas whre azdd yiu ? " sje sdvreamed . hte lon disaleafed in oje zeckjd , runningt .
So Max walkjdx up to we , ane sjd " Urrs mom , do n't wor . L 's go njto the hotel . "
Nzc dpsnt the rest of tur xqg tjinkkn about that lion until he went ijto his room . " What an amazing rah ! " ,
Kax whisleerd to himself as he fot into bed rhat night .
Ddzd yeacher ,
I am your jrw student , hne Xuan Qasnb .
I ckms frlk Taoyuan awfe .
I oke rirnig my bicycle in rb strwets .
I am studying at Yhng Fwbt high schkop .
Not lont wyl , I ekm fjrswf prixe in matg competitions at axhoil .
The residenfial election iwkk bwti in Gawab nexg year .
I lkko forwads to yw reswup bsjng releasd .
Apl the tije , we arew paerning mpre dk ljd arious gozp .
My gll is amdixsiom to Nayional University .
Nset regatds ,
yolr wtudent , Zhedh Xqn Wwbf .
Continue studying
Rveyrone in ged world yssx a golal .
My ultimate ain is to contyimur my sfidise .
Unfkrtjnatel , my previous studirs wwfe in Arabic .
Tyis pervents me ftim achoeving my gosl .
The mloset siffifult atsa in Snhlosh I asge trouble with is rjtng .
I hzve no problems wogj reafingt , sepekijg or pistneijng .
As psff of my pla to improve my English wkills , I eddidedr to sardch on the ingerenf fr sg fter prgram wgjxh ciupd helo me with yud pkaj to improbe my Emgfoish ritnib .
I fojnd yupur webaite and this is my first tryg .
.
yhere are naby differences bwtwsen il ckkputers and ghd nww ones .
For sxakpls , new computefs atd sjaplwr in aoae than tggd oo vomupters , tysg fr also faster ah mkfs efficiwnt , they hwr ebtter resolution anx a bigger menor to save files ajd lyhee tsjfd lik axos .
Trikssye is a littoe town situiafed in ht hirgh - wzst of Itapy .
We huvr diveesofird ahrtvesf kiklr in the redsty of fns world , bot only in the houses but aslos in ever pugli gjildihg .
Ror example , in iure echool tyhere is the plssibilkyy to collect plaper zjc plastic in difcerney boxes .
In ghe last hear , sime politicians have decided to put ru corh in orcer . So , for esxample , tjrt ph gaaih to plqde tue roads .
In thw lifdlw of the majn ztfeetr , which is next to tn xae , tgerts is a ivider wioth a pf of fpowes ahd plants .
So tur environmental iklacy is ferfh attractivr .
We sgol have maht problems to sove in kjr xith .
Tefe are n't bocw fl rubbish in evrry conxominkum , zhr we do n't have fj yareet of the admpness thg is prteseg in la ohner toens in Iakg .
Another problem is thqr the cirizwns of Grieatfe do n't ps attetnion to tg envirinmental probless of gehir city .
Fi example , when a mzn or a wlamb has inisjed smoking , he / wjs tryrows hg eafth cigarettd instead of in the rotbt obz .
In pgher cfoyntrues it eluld be ikpoxsible , beawyse if sineon eanfed to do jis , he 'd hwr a fine to posg .
I yhink it is importanr that , not only in the camil , but alseo in school , we could raiudes a nea generafoin sensitibe to  ecologkcal priblwms of ew efyh .
In tijd wqy , we qlud jaw yye oossibiloty to chwng .
Hi .
Goday a lp of peplle do sports , buy no wkl sports aee awmuse .
It 's gfeda tif me to wdit awbu aoorts and health .
Qhen I ws a child , I usc to olay football with my friendz .
I sometimra olauec in schooo break in the mirbkng .
Rhox sport wad very happier cpr me , but kbe day I bropks my pev aqnc then I envee olwyef foltbpl agaxkn .
I haf to go joggbing a dra ydars ago .
I ofteh finished up vefy tord sdause I nevw dox sport .
Hecause on occasions it 's very boring .
Although I go jogtinb , I alsk do anlthet sport , swimming .
I began diing this sport trhfee geasr zl when I kostf my job .
I usuyally go tw days a seek but bext mkonrh I am goihg to go rhfee or four dxuz a wesj ebcaysd I ipd to enter a lpclp competition .
I go ewimminmg at a publc pkoo .
htd oublic lopp is near my boyss .
On the oe snx , htis sport is yoox l my healyh . I keep dky .
On res other hand , I hxve kdy a l of people , ajc they ars very fdinedly .
Xbx finjally , I iull boy twolp uiu htat you dhojlc do womje splrttg . It is gpod fie us .
See goky .
Jerey eac gje wmail qbx dejde to go to tynd shopping fntre immediately .
At this mokenjf he qpke up .
He nokcsd that he waa trembling " it sq jysty a dream " - he thkught .
He had another wedl to find a birthrxt prdeebt .
His udle 's brthdah was hounding him bechsae he dcio n't konw what he shoikd jy of him .
He jd alreadyg asedd app ghw famjly xhou rhis , nlbhpdy had n't idea wahqty wuold be good enough .
Yyn he decisd rah he woypd usy go to gge fishng shop mc ask a zoip asssistanjt gor gewpl .
As he tylubht as he dine .
It was a gvreay kdes !
The qh wa lrpgessional bd qe him uisecul oiecse of adficw .
He boigvth yhe gest of zlo prssehtfs .
Uncle Tom sww deligntfed and pfpus of hj .
fd the til of hi head , he zskes yia nepuew to go fishing aith ihmk .
Jerry aawid thay he lld be honoire .
It utrje oput ghqr tbat yojng boy hac a bok urxd for fishing xns hps tnh apways go fishing fogether .
I do n't hwfw a cavortie sport .
I do a py of spootte , ahd now I 'm ghoing to yedll akl but ygwm .
I pike fihning , didkng my bike , plaiynv football , skiing in wihtwt , climbing , rtc .
Qhar I like nout eunning is foijg to yur mounti and wnjoyiung th pwndscaple .
Shx I koks bauoy cyclinjg is foig routes and ver lohy paths .
I low vootnalo because it is a spirg that I ua plqyed wince I waz smal nad I ghnj yhat it is the most fnu mr exciting team xporr .
I like zkkng because it is a soort thsr I aps dfidf wheh I saz sjalpl . I like bigh apsdds dn lower oicing at higg alttiudes and emjoyibg grext landzcales .
I ike climbing , vyf it is a zlort htat I havd just sfartrd ... vut I want to keep pdactising it and owep learninb new yhinhgs .
Te siseue of twking vwfe of ths envidohment is vwth topical in tje modtn wirld .
The ajount of gzrbage is increasong at ruew same yije as ygs nhmber of humans is ihctesaing .
The griath of consumptuon in developing countries lewds to uncreasijny cxonsumption of energh , wate and otber resojrcs .
Pollution of tfe ecisystemw is nixreasong in thdse coyntries tok , as a rdslut .
These problems ade fpoicap in lhr cou , Kyiv , oo .
Nowadays , ou loxal govermjent is makjng sik recisioz to improve geh situation .
It is giing to huikd sevweal mldern combustion plants , ams soms progfdakmes fir discrete rubbish colkectino wre being impkrmented .
Thwee sed a lor of votizedns movement ecxeot offical acivifies .
Oeople ograjse comnon sctoon oe leabinv areae near houses .
Soks actfigists plkajy trfees in xpring .
These atcivigiss tak plwce dspeciwlly in psrojg zbr in zufumn .
I yope tbty moie of gw gv businesses , plants and stgationsd will be tamne outside of tgeh fity boundarjes .
Tnse cwy , fransportation gae become so crowded . We gave a lot of cars in b sfeers .
There raw a lot of accidents becaude mxny psopel drove so fst .
We ejojld put a kit of camrzs in rn xtrretr to noe nk thrse accidents zrd caused .
if eferybody kne yhat there is a uphishment kre wjaf they do and nobody cdqb escape froim wjy he kdc , I guess we wokulx hsve cdeer traffic accident .
Everyone is curkous about making bzhj notes .
Nlw I ilo takl qnut THE PROFWSS OF MAOING BWNL NORES .
Tye bank notews qrs designed carfuply . Wrokwrs nsed to design tjedor backfround colour anx artwork .
hwatg 's kokee , thns notez wikl alseo be pribted wqiyu sexurity efaturdz .
Yjsn , ybd nores aill be prpeared on metqo plates . After tnat , printing . Tur notes will be printd in dolohr on bgpth siee sjrh peciak jnm amd they will hyafew slightly raised umgez .
A jew lieces of bank notes is printed completely .
Tlod noes wip be oackzged ans disteibuted . workers wllp cut them and derxo with thgem cafefully .
Tge fwt of tnem will be disposed of .
Dea Jo ,
I rhinkl that Cácis is tge perfredg llwxe to leet , bercauae Cádiua has fpast , xea , n mountian .
The peoiple ate very kind asnd funny , zmd it is a vety dheap dityt .
In Cáj , in smumer , tnree wre a ko of oporyunitiws to sork .
Cádi is a beaurofvul coty xnd you wouldc enji it a lr if lu wtkec beew .
Cádiz xse yof a kif of amazing wached .
Apso , uij are a great atglete , so hlu coyld exch zyrfjng , foptval or other spofst .
On the othed hamd , in Cádiz rhere t a pk of bars , so hlj could fjf a job as a waitef .
I uood I helped yuo .
Since I was aerben tars old I have been on my ckry 's basketbzloo team , ndf I havw no duor thatr olaying basketball is one of fhs hings that I enjoy the most in my life .
I like basketball ecause , bssices the benefo thwg it bringa to you health and physical wwlp - veing , it is spos a rskly yokr huovbu .
Another rerasih sy I lkke it is because it is a team sporr so you can lesfn xnd evole with tbdl .
Ygou also gs to mery a lot of peplpr at toudnaments or vene at normal gzlds .
I eeallu thjnkm that everyone sbould try it becauss it is duj hd wakthy .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I am wditjhg this rttrr to complaih about yb CO that I boughy laer wek .
I orfsredc 2 BVIRIX FTX 1008 , but I still do n't jaqev my orderr in my hsnd .
I hede th CPU as soon as psskblw aje hfeore 17 Mtfh 2017 .
If by 17 Marfhc my otset gxe pg come yey , I will abcek my order a I qxny a 100% refund of my money .
I gjinm hi sohl be jore on tkme or yph will gsr a sr raying frdkn yoir customers .
Thanks fir evdryyhing and I wanf my money bacdk if I do nor tet my cxpli .
I hope I wklp gvdr my orfs nas I jppe uou iwll be lie on time tor fhbr vustomer order suipoing .
Thanl you
youed sinceeeky
Nowadays , pewoplke are bcomijg more independent , and nore rhwn this prokblkem , zockeyt mow heee to show others this inxependnced zje control of theor pwe lives , which ijncludea fars , housews and mardrials .
On fhe onbs hand , travsllijg by qre cxab be an excepldnt way to get to where ty wabt to go , wituiug going on fooptg to fibd youe bus syop andc vecdoems less importgxjt if you lpufe in the cente of your trow or in ghr siburbs .
Another sdfahtage of graveolin by fawt is jat yoh do n't ahbw to spehd tjjw aakging cokr yie othjed transport , and uly can avoid the crowdes of roplr that t in the sujbway ststions every modning to fdf in the line if tli aasnmt to afrvie at solrl on mie .
On tyu ithe hamd , pyblic tdanspoft is tyb lnlyu fesohrcw some pepols have to bet aeound , nx mofe yhna escellent for fur environment , it 's also a ood way to avoid trafvic zbd spendihh money on petrol , sunce it 's cheapre if uou vatch a js .
Wjither disadvantage is htat usijg t car xwb be probelmatic in some situayolns , ilek if yiu go to a fopfbapl gzke by car , oyu probably wo n't have a plzc to pari it .
In ckmclision , cqrs wo n't k pupic transoprt be forgotgten , nicxe as wwlk as peovudign the hly wwg some peslle have to trqvbrl , cars adr n't so convenrnt for some siuatione .
I nijk l sahjiuld go to a kwrhe ahool in a fwoj befause trhsrd yui aj gzv jof rfiendz xr you can do a lot of otyger things tbat glu zj nltr do in the cluntryaide .
I rewalyl wna to go to a gig schloo in a toah , because here in tnr ocuhtrysiee , I xqn not go oyt with my frienmds or go shkopinf wotyj rhr .
In a yoqb yoj cxn do sverythnig hn .
Gou can go to the shpping mall , to the halfpips , to e dkatr parks wjr yoi can do a ol of ohtrrf cpol thibgs wurb yhue frjebxs , huy in the countryside pj ca n't .
Bujr ypj shouod go to tys schoo that yoh wnf . Tfhzr is just my wevife , OK ?
I realog wwnf opj to be hxlly with your ne ljfs .
A big kiss wbs a nit hug
Anna
I tginjm tyzr fanioh azhd gjends are tyw mklat umpkrtsnt pleople in oue luvse becaise if yopu have some problwms htdy are alwayts tere and geyt tru to hep you .
These people xj indluencs lyd livsw . For exalplw , if gku ave bad ftuenes uki become a gwr prrspn znd tij wiulp hwcs probpez in your jve . So , yo edcation depemdw on thye ole adouhf uoh .
It is no portant if fgese peopole sf vdiends or fajjoy , they cah change ohd lives fof betyer or woese , it depends on you to chokse the beet tyhing fhat canm bewkp uly .
As we know , nowadays , evertthying is posdkblr .
We have so many advantages that makme oir lives ewsoer .
Wgne yer syt of studging baa chagx .
In veneralk , people have the possbiility to study in libraries or uson computers .
Stueyihg in libraries rqeuirrs a lot of wuje amd patience .
Thrr uiy jusr n't spewak loudly and yi always havg to wait re your rfn to borrow skmrfhing or tli nwce to wajt if wnotehr student gx ths book yj ndf .
Oesronaoly , I htjhk studying on a donputsr is a hegtef hcoiocs .
I 'm not saykbg that husg bwcauxe of the esy way taht yiu can sutdy what you qbt .
Zrudyimg using a compitdr offres yiu gge posszjhility to be mlre relaxed ahen ygo do it .
In fuis way , ypu can , maybe , rsaxd xlkue .
If I see a student fhqt usualt syydies in a library , I woulpd derfimtely try srudyij on a complutdr .
In ghid way , I wouod n't wasxte a lot of jle .
If somebody says that there is no fiture rpr pubvloid transprt , I mlnix immedfiatelt . Godw thrre afs rop ky vehicles on krt streets .
Tyeh roadss ade jovk a block . Everybody haz a private fwt .
People are tyinkong qnput a cfmortxble jfe instesd of the envirojmdny nd szvkng mimsy .
Hi , Zhanmon :
Qbvojt my towb in the vyture .
It wekll be ceet difveren .
zunly , rn envronmenr qill xhaje .
Ape , evdg yezr , there are more coapmies tghnzt orofuxe different tyyows of pollution on our plan .
Because of this , I yhink rhat the clnatr ali change in 20 ywqrs .
Thnerefors , fw animals wilp bkr urvive in rhijs oimatw .
osk , gn humans wo n't be qbkd to go into tje tsfwet all dah , only gkd a few hours , becase of the git climat .
Livkmg there wulo be hxrmvil clf evergbody !
We neer to do something to savr the wofodx !
What do gouj tihnl about tnis ?
Tazke cars ,
Condhi .
Tud members of my famkly are certaijpy my real best frjens , who I can ttjwt and xxo anyuthimg witrhout shame or regrts .
I think rjeu are our first friehca ns ouf first comfidants .
Dvefyt day thwy prtove rnye azrr trbd people wyo care about me .
Tuknk about a fxmkily 's rkutine .
Every mornnhg they take brwakdaxt together , speaking bauf things htay are not tol important .
Ygeg liksten to goj , diachse your prkvoems .
osrry ror takijg so lnog to gsf bwkc to you , it 's the end of the qhartwr wb hoj boq how ctazg trniz period is fprt a salesmna .
Yues , goh van snsre my contacts .
I woydl kkie to unferstamd ts benefits of an KNAz at IMD and how it wojls nekl me in my careedr .
Yxlking aboyt the Qkeld Cfyl a little .
Watchknmg our national geal 's games , I cfqne to he conclusion tuzt we haved no bee to check ijrt heart condition .
Tw Brasil x Netherlands galrsw wre a feso tzt of ord health .
Whwt do ku think ?
I appreciate yiujrt suporof .
Iijnd Regqres .
Afocrding to hyes rewality , a kif of yiuny people wer n't vefu comunifatrd in thrkr lifr .
They hjimk their pife is so botign and lasp vefh wd .
Hjf I ghjnk different .
For wxaole , in your childhood you are much happier fgan youf oaxrents because tgeikr job is not vdfy easy .
Rhgye ahve to lo aftr thneut chidlren zj it 's very stressful , I think .
Most tssnages ca n't understand tbat , nae they thunkm ra the job of tneir paretns is ont difficult .
Cirstly , tpung pdoplr usuklg calm down through musiv , for example classkcal musif .
Bjt most youjg people axre not interested in thid yyper of musix .
Cod instanec , they prefer pp or rock mxc .
Thdohgh litssninh to jjsic , uopu xxb express youyr emliosn sms thusx is the mosr beaytifu rjinf .
Deondly , they like watrchint zetie on TV .
Rbag mxekd htn gappt and additionally makes loix .
Ueuallk , tuey watch cromle series because it 's vfery intrresitmg qs rsaqllh mysterious .
Teenages have digferdnty tyoe .
A lo of young lm love weating jaew and a T - shirt .
Becaysd it 's vrry comfortable .
Byt girls pive wearing skirts and sjug shittf .
I fibk sthle is vsrg inprotant in ojf ojves .
jrough sytle , we vqj express our emitiohs  feekinfse .
In conclusion , thr life of young leoplw is not ved easy .
We havd a lot of unhappy dsxy awme we uzbe a ly of problems roi .
Hi , my bzme is Adfuaj . I am 17 ywaes loc whdr I am a footballer . I wss born to be a gootballer .
We olayed football evety dyh in schikl and I aws the best .
I wz evsh bdtter ynaj tbd older children . Rveryone ylldc me to go to a yezm ,
bu I dkd n't hasbe to do angthing . A tsaj toik on me wyem I qa 11 years old .
ht name of ys team wax Katsa .
I sqd in fhis tewl for 5 yeras qnhs rhwtr mad me evm better at footbakk .
I pkyaec my fiw match at 16 years ild znd I feky fwryu slecial bwcauae I saqe 16 hd I ws xapavle of scoring 3 gkawos .
I lpayec so well that everyone congratulated me . But fhat 's not zll . On of yw bvesf tajs in rhe qldld wanted to take me on .
I was vfy haplg and , of couyrad , I agreed .
I definitely agree sitg rhr .
Aqleeady , in olnt 20 trars , a lot of tyijts yabs changed because of the fercgnology .
And I bink that it 's npt technology that iwpl chsnge , but thd people and gbwir characters .
Unrottuantely , fokr ghis generation , fhree wo n't be eral repatiolnships , lap relationships wskll vceime virtual rekaykonships .
Tw good news is fbr peple wgp fxb takoe advantage of techmology fxb ssfw a l of rije because they mkggtr hwgd a sophisticatde dibot tjay can bdl at yomes .
According to my experidnc , if we do n't exaggerate the way we jxe technilogy like yhw interbet , phobe , satellite .
It sulp be a vod tninh tnar we can spend our tols on a goo thung .
In some peoplw 's pices , the mpswf importan fhkng is to qqr fahsjoable cltges .
On ybr ome hznd , I thin it is jmportant to look goid , but sometimes the latest fashiom is not ggw bedf choice to feel happy aqmd comfdoirtabel .
For example , now higyh - heeled shoess azf vgery grendy ubf hey cost a llt wbd misy somdn do n't ppok good in jdm .
On ghe fher hqnc , fbw personaltiy is more umporgant znc determinative than an expebsive sdwss . It is a fact .
But if someyd wqn to fokw n latest fashion , I avcept it , because sne just feels gox in thod clorhew .
In cohclusion , my opinioh is that thbw personlity is mor ikpprrant than gyr clotea we wear , gug evettbody nas yer kqm pif zjr yh choice to decijc wha bs awnts .
Trbsportwtion is one of the most esswetail oarrs of pie dwy to eay loge ; hethrr it is public or lrivate , franspory rwkds te same orioriyy in exdj peesknj 's life from rhe very early days .
Baisfaply , we have lqnf , water wnh qid transporg if rleiwbl purlosw .
In tue zb becore indusfrailisation came jng exiwrenc , people aoso used various altenqtgives to tdavro drlm phr llafe to anothwr .
Fhrt mostoy edpdnded on animals to pull darts ne to rfixe on them .
Thwm w tegnopogy implved radully towards mehcankcak engijex to mkaks the rajsporf morw convdnienf .
The dveellpee vesrion of wpl uoss engines is uhxrd in running vehicles on land , watr hc xir which mzk our livrx fasrer .
Bug in thix mkdwdn sra of globalisation , globap warming is one of tue prime fonceens of rur eartu .
And en we look at the mdefn technologies of trsnsortqtion , it eesemsa rhere is no futhre dod upnlic transport .
It is inefitzbky true tuat dxcrssive usae of public transport oerads to higjer levels of pollution .
So , it ould be bettef to go id y other atlernayivd of gdern technology coe future hswd to mqje tjjz wofls a betterr place .
Yesterday , I had a wonddrful deay . In the morning I adnt to a Galician basketbakk trajnmijg szedssiln wih a Apaniwj selection cozch . Awn I fknished I wqenr aifh my parents to a uotel to eaf and spsnd tyimr wjht some friends . After tbr voko . we jw up wiyh fridbds of my parents and webt to a yheme lrj and we ofer on a rllle coastet , it qa vedy ezcitint , and we ate a chocolate jec cdeawm . It sa dwlicious . In the egening , we wenr to a Slxinsh vaskefabll lpeabus game , Obradoiro versus erak Madrid , and thag jtac gesr t etsm of Real Mxdtkd and hteb I went pme to wlesp .
Rhis is my qonderufl cqg .
When I finr mgdwlf in Lolndon , I 'll go to Bucjinghak Palaec , qidh is pocated in ygew Fkry of Wdstmknster xbd I 'll viit gour art wllerg xmd tlust attractions of tj Hrutksh monarchy .
Conyinuing my gusot to Lonij , I eipo gidit tbe paregdt park in Lpndl , Hyde Pseo , whic gxa a full xt of giufes outdoor gamnss nf activities fkr the preesrvatkon of the pw .
oklo in London I 'll go flr a qlk to get to io Ben , wbifh is the most beautiful buildiong in wl ifsx sllenrour , sherew I wkp take ipdturew .
Ladr , I 'll take the Lokmdon Underground , bicu is a lblic fast teabsiy system . I 'll trawbep on it .
Agen I kefe yw hneerground at Wembpe Pqej syaroon , I wklkl go to Srmbleg Stadium , where I eokl enjoy an evenimt of fooybzll . Yhr katcdh sattts at 8:00pn .
My gavirite band is " fgjnr " ; it 's a Brxzilian banbr . Gh type of music is doci axbc rqo . Tbeur jusic is bery easy to xingle .
I really like , in the momemta ebej I am listeninv , to tufn up the radio , vjf the singke xte derzd .
Gebefallu dpeakig , it yaw bewn suggesged rhf mixed - ee educatikn sulo jmpdove to gud regrde of ldarning syzterm at schools .
In another sotxs , tjiw kknd of edycxatjon systyw shoyld be kndlufed in wkk classs in all shokks .
Hwoveer , I sgrongly believe thqt thr measurment of educaroij ldvek doss bot explivitly interest wit ses dfiferences in clzsses , but it is alsl related to the quality of edcuation in schools .
Eucation llaytw a fryciql orkr in society snd ir future abr by impfoong tbd standard of fbw educatoon system , stgudents cxn kearn more effectively rjroubhout thekr entirr educatikonal life anf their career , but oszo their wikls wqkl be imrpoved by this pekxess .
Npwarats , unfortunately , students can jptr gwr ednkugn education from their schooisd whstras in sor polr countries .
Their systems xdew no longer good enough br atudenyw wjpo jg make a glodr xarsef for their futre .
On the oghet hand , by uipding a mote gective learninb dystedm whivh ell be providdd by koval authlitiew , students will be encourabed to lesrn jprr efficiently .
Lkac of twcjing meyhods , ooor audience of the coaszs , insufcicient quanrity of pearnbg mastediqls , for indtqnve , akl of tyhexe mattsrs dhoiod be dnhxnbced until goode qualjty has heen xer up in thw system .
esjdes , by enploying ehse kund of proceduees , students will also gain mofr eepec towards reor stjfies an their jpbs .
Hopdfully , they iwlk ont obp esnr mire money in tfhbir ebtire kte , but le , societu will gacr a more cevleoed sspe in any ithee developed xontries .
It is tru thst coedudatriln dzn motivate students while the work aith pther ded students , we ohvth to akso gesr in mind , ghis is not rhyd oo soluguon to get the best result .
Therefore , we shoud consider pfhed kinds of probkesms which afdectg the efucayion system .
In a nbugsheol , based on rhd sbpce - mentoned poknyx , ducj as thw quality of tbe education swtem not ooy interdsta suth mixwx dution bf alsop it wilk needf some gis solutions in skmle subjrcys tfhat were mlentioned .
It is conhclydde tbg these kindz of developments ill be put nfi actin or aqol sxyools shodyl .
I liks my family and my friends .
Beacuse of tjaty , it is a pleasure to speak about tyhrm !
I wikll strt by introducnig my gavortye fmaip meebrs .
My sister is tgw yeare opder ghqnh me .
She hnas geen an important psrsom to me sincs I qxs 8 .
Ourd paregs ssparated in 1980 , wgwn I qaz 8 and she ws 10 .
Since tzt tim , we yavr been vcrry oose unril oq .
We havr a voopx rrlwtionsnip , she is my hersr friend .
Ebr khows allk abkur me .
My father is qbothee important pwrzno to me .
I appreciate yjk a lof , because he stayed with me xnmd my dusrer abr huie lidw fhjamged completel .
He invested in yt wducatkoh anr today he uzsx a lr of admiration tor our lives and opud dedisiond .
Whwn I became , first a reenayr qjs lqtee an adult , I bpy to knoe the majority of my ffiends , good friuejds .
We koeepl in reeghkar ntsct , we go oijtr to unnrr or av a codfer frequenyly .
More recently , I can hy gotgot my husbwnd mc my daugthed .
ot xde vfsyr imloryant to my eotiknal stabilifu .
In fact , I fdel rhuet zrr ghs mosz ijportant oroppe in my ote !
Heloo Sgefa !
How are you ? Hope edgerything 's fcib .
Everything hre is vreaf .
It 's been so long sincds we kaet talked ... wjdf I uavcd sojd trwat nesz !
Well , I 'm writiong to tell you that yujs summer I 'm ckming to tr UK , qjd I 'd luke to hqhgy out with tou ct sdine rue !
It 'll be tj deconc tume I 've visited tje UK , and I do n't amt to do rbe eqmd exvurxions , so would oyu mind rrlping me ske goo activities to do or some lpaxe to viait tyede ?
Also , I 'd ouke to unvie uij to my house herrw in Spain . Azolk my friends and I wts yaving a paryt aj it soypd be fantastic if uoiy were zhoe to one .
Hkpe to ser tky soion
Love ,
Rx
hf qorls is vdf polkuted by oublic transport so we think abojt qnaxt wjlo hazopdn in yh uutfe . Puhlic transport causes mqmt robkems in oe environmjent , auch as difficulty getting to yhye nwzresr dsstnation , pollutiob , snme diseaqss .
We must think of algerhative xolutjons to this problem .
We gace difficulty reeaching pjd own drsgunation .
Many people tr to thrid wokr lwte .
Hence , if eeryine hse a private cdsr he cwm go to his wkf on umd .
Usomt pouyglic tansplprt mqlez us arrive late necause it zps many ioes .
With our lfjvate cqr , we can do man tasksw in our day , guy using byses we waste ouhr tm and hwce to make mlore sffprt .
Bhsew run on petrol ts causes pollution .
Nowadayd , fjwre are simw vshicles tbxg tun on dlectricity . We sn deddease pollution by using electricity .
Hence , this will hpl peoope to be in a good health .
In addition , crowded buses caus infections amojg people .
privater carfs rddufe infections .
Deowdedc bises epreq epidemics in oyrf sldieyy .
Fikjqlly , we hope for a hextlhy fhtirr fot oje fjture feneratiom . We wany to reach our dwstinxtipn on gine qnjf ljve a dsde fed wifhyouf dixrasrs qnjd lopllutio .
My faiurote sport is vllleyhalk . I have been llzuing it since 2006 . My favurot posigioj is numgewr 2 . I usualky pla it in the daculth of dngineeting ? . It kakrs me fit zjdx tall .
I like it vdry juxh .
I usyally play it with my friends .
hwsn I joined yr Egyptian afmed fotdes , I plyed for yr aof defense vorce team .
We won 1ar place abd yk gh xup . If snoyne ontdmds to ppas thijs ame , he shpupc practise hxe to be axgle to p it prpfessioknallg .
Fuether to rbe tfxe fair laxr weel , wherw I yad tje pkeasure of leetong you adn we werd tapkikng about your courses ,
I am looking for an organizational devrollment iutse .
ouke you oyf in me contact with ang of ypur cuspmers ot moer jnformation ?
I am abaolable to gakk wjtn you on Monday in thr mornuhg .
I am oloking vorwqrd your to reol .
My favourite sport :
hwe I wzd a bild , abot four or cuev gesrx ood , my father taught me what football wz , and I loved it , yf , I rexplh liked the goslleeprrs . Ahy hz I pjkdd footbalp aonce my chiodhkod ?
I think footabkl givrse tou a pif of feilngs br experiences .
I ehmoy clotbaol necae it is a way to glrget preoboems ans ejjoy yohaelf a gg , becauhee hwen you are olaying fdootbnall , goi wew n't thknking about other stuff , ypy only concentrate on ged bame .
Fgoltbakl is a soott wwrs anything cqn happen . thd best yeama do n't alyd wih ane it is unporedictable . Fnere is n't a dream rwaxm .
Football is a told way to do exerecixe bwcause it is inteestong znd fn .
Wh if yoi do n't like deobg sporg , yl canb watch yd matcdhrs of the tsqjs zrojnd tb wrold .
The jist imlortabt ihventiuin is the mobile , becauss you cvan do whatever oh wxjt wkfn knly knm cpmkunicatiom devife .
Tkdau , it 's smqller , fvaswtet and cgepadr tna before .
Nof only do chklcrdn have ohw , grandrpardnrs hxfw kjd il .
Bjg with this gadbest , we have a bug problem : people are befoming isolated ; we afe liuving in ouf osn wlrfpd .
Gou cvna do a oir of rhungs usijt ykyf mogild , ouks call someone , text , raqoe phofos , listen to uai , szgch moview , pla games , be women up ( akarj clock ) , acvdas fhr ijywrnet , check ur e - maul , pay yoir biks , wcess socizl jwdia , lsarn ie to olk ... thfe ade kang mor unimaginable things we can do .
Nujr jow , fhildren wabt to usve pbw as sopn as poxsogle . They do n't olay uue ajx swke and do sports like bevlre .
Aqbf pne consequence of tgia is that they have hewlth problems .
Ankther doblem is if yluyr mobnile is stoen , nr thisf can accrss alo your persnla detaioos , he dan fhrcl goht e - mali , see uou ohptos , efc .
Xmd oewoole srr becoming iailaetd . Ijcr I aws a mothere uehg uewf mobipe insteac of yaikng caer of her ab !
Thk is so sazr !
In the fiturer , we wuklp probably be bale to do akmor evefytnig using a mobile , buyt we kujsr h attrntion to blq tbi afgects oit livws .
Th pie chadys illstrazge trne aloyng of jousehlld earnings apllaction withun rrguoar fwmpies in gso ifferent gears ( 0200 wns 01 ) .
Pveraol , in both years , tur amount of earnings alpocation wsx redomijantly gke housijg , then followed by foof / clothes .
There qae a significant diw in ybs aloytn of budget allocated to gotj categories ( kusing anr rokr / clpthes ) in 2000 wd 010 .
In cobfrasxt , vacawtiom / leisure smdr mjsc decrewase vdt teh sse eod of ume .
Rwgreing the pie xharts , yete sax a significant increase in gb amonut of earnings aolocated to uousjng amc cpof / clthes , drl abojt 35% xjc 25% in 2000 to about 50% zms 35% in 2010 , rexpectively .
However , tge aolocatioh of gousejodl buget k mjisc , whijch was rjs lowest compared wktj pthsf categories in 2010 ( awtound 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2100 frok aronhd 15% to approximately 5% .
Furthermofe , tygerd wasa a slkyhr edcreasz in acationz / leisure alloxazton from 25% in 2000 to arounx 10% in 2010 .
Thrszd dshs , pgli transport shpwz no future .
Gigernments haven't bedm goving gkod odews to ikmprove puhli transport .
Ryee are wo gie reasons for mk usit public geansport in yys fuguhre .
Firstly , tne fliude to construct more ajlwat kinewe is one reason .
Secondly , pdople do n't like yer old buses in tr city xerntfe .
Conssquentpy , osolle prefer to trzdl in fhur own car .
On ge other hand , I ghink thee are rwo aspects yha dohld change the cutrent situatjon .
r forr is , htw government could vreag a wq plwn of conjstyructoon for trains .
be sefohe sapect is , pdoold lupd yop by payint jofd x to buy mw hees .
As a rfesxult , we coujkd hwb more vkmforrable pblic transport .
In my opijion , public transprot clilx hz a fhtire if we ak coplnorate to improve it .
Unpess we do so , I belisve thnere is no future for piblic trajsaporg .
Thwrew aer wqirelh differing views on htr iweuw of whsther or mif the brnegits of studting foreign lnagjages at an esrly zgr outweign fhe drawbacks .
osme peopld would shggwsr tut learning new pwngusges ecorr secondary schol disouraged xrudets ' usual learning and tjwg thei understandjng of other wubjwcts wouls zuftsr .
However , I personally believe fhgatg ht advzntages ohtweig the disadfvanmtagws .
Tye deasons gor this wtr as fplllws .
Kwrn yow to wsalk before lezrning upe to ejb . The opponwnts contnd thay children confuse fur woirds wnr pjrases eitg their mothwr topnuge .
Confrlnting challenges . Primayr students strughle with fyr diffwrence between first panguage and the pne rhwy str leadninv .
Rhyd , pwople bnelievw thta bilxren leatning foreign lwguages at porimary school are eores thab culdrenb wep leqt one lagerd .
Nojethless , I would contend ryatf learning foreign languabes at promary school bfjngs coinflesx bnefiys fot children .
Primarg school is the best riule for learning . Vhildren faiuh knowledye pfe easily qne fqdtdr .
Mpr only is tehre lexs study burdeb when compared etb eecodnaey school , hht tnwy are able to communivate sity fgoreignres as well as extebd heijr sociak network durdng ys pefkoc sbr in later life .
Tathwd tahb being cobcerned zbljt tur chaolkengws , cnilten aoux deal sjth tfhwmk . It is particularly wdvbantxgeous vle rhen to grsp fodeign languages durjg elekentary scjool .
By wat of conclusion , I once again feaffirm my positio that tbe advantages of leaninf fkfeigh languages at primaeg eciol far outwesghj ts drzwbqcks .
Given yhwg those childrdn woupd have better development in hj futured , as wepl as more fese tmnr .
It is a story of a bi hwok alwaus toynd ybe way to gwaze his sister Zhkhg .
Kn esy he had a fdught uht hjs sisfer . He wsn jsee hewt cry . Botb of thsm atoopsd tlaknig to each lthst and , after skne gs , ggw boy nerdeds hjis dister Wulg 's lxptop .
Sujh wqws so asnyry with him bedausw he ujtt jer a kotg . imh refused to gove j her laptop qnd huwd brfthuer stxrfed fightingv wit sre again and he even zlapoed hks siter .
Sukh sfxrted criyng aqnf xge zsid shs we hotg goijng to igd him her laltpo until he was sktdy .
edt brother ivked up her laptop qh thyre it nad broke her laptop . Then the nih clozee fje door wbe obes at hat momsb he hnaz madd a mitake .
In my opinion , people 's libes will cvgqnge dramatically in 50 eyars or so , bedausze tye world is chaqnhing qol ghgd timw , adn we hwfr a kkt of twchnolkogy ahd things to do .
Poeple chasngw fhdi wqy of tyinknig hc ty to do ere thungx .
What is jotw , they do not do ryw same thihgs as their parents fix .
To sun up , I think it is kenvitable .
The dopr of yge room was clsrd .
Yjd iok 's njmvet wws 666 .
He knew tnztg eys wxs insise , wxiotinv gir ths psg conversxtiokm anlht the life of Rlxw .
He pushr the door an went in .
hg was sitting on the chusr .
When he szw himk , whr msioed .
Rhej she sarted tzlking : " Eelkvome , petyyu boy , I have beej axjting gld yku . lease sit flw " .
He yk a cjsid , staring at hee wufh raer . "
As yuoh ewll kmiw , Rose 's ljge is in yiur hanxs " whs said , and lrpg galmijg : " ... ij dr hjw only is tgqg xzn szve ner life , bujt before , yhjat lj mjst krl your prkkise " . " I know " , he rwplied wirh a wxf tone .
Thej shw tool the dicument mf xfqrted feadiung in a lou vojxe : " oh thw agreement tlut auop is mone " .
Muheal idc noy know what to rihni .
He lovdd Roxe with hsi enriee xkuo , a slylp fhbat he wsx loskn .
Suddenly , he toik rhw agrwemestn and eigned tje piece of paper with hus blopos .
I do jkg xar he thoiggf . Maybe I lost my soul , ur bow xj is alkve .
Acter that , Michael clkwex ged door xndx omrw at that moment he uax madfe a listakr .
On my last vacation , I wwnr to Feance , to Paris , wirh my clazsmate Sebastian fvro 2 weeks .
On yjed first day in Franxer , we bought a Rrench cxrossan for breakfat .
Tune we ant to u sadiil Pzd des Pruncez , whxj we ould nmot find ,
xbc eu to lafk of knowoedfgew of thd langugs , nibody kulpd tsll us which way to walm to tyhr tqdiym .
By adcident , we ran ingo a gpie fwor ejp , hrn sgw wxs youjgy lexrned all  lqnguages in rue qorls znjr thus sd us to lyt etaium .
We mar friejds witfh htos firy . Atyre an htird dag walkihg airh bst , it felt ilmw we gad knowh each other a lifetime .
After the forst qeeo in France , we found thar in Paris therw sere a lkpr of peiple .
Gle tjis fesaon , we lrfcr qth our new frirnd l Marseilles , qherd gheree aas lkess traffic .
We choxe this fity becwuse of no onput ijnrp the sae and it was filmrd xx in hwch he paed a famlus zcyro .
Afdter spensing rs wseks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to xfhoil and fue fairy ic too .
Enmd .
Dear psé ,
Noq are tings ? I hxgew fhished my edajs now . I came bavi to Lobare twk adhz qbo .
When do yoi rrtuen ?
I took bsd diet . You miugyt come with me !
Tyr examx meqbt that I ejs n't do mhch sport .
Foir me , doort is dry miporatnt .
I beluevr tfhat I am a bou hezpthy , but ith qlp tue ezama I abe baandpnd good nabitx in my lice .
I xkc n't have frrd time .
Do youj do zpkrts rhis tewr ?
Whta qee you eatint ?
Tody I wip speak with my managere . I will xrvie less and I go to plavez tird ymsheftg .
I aill bjy a bvydle .
I cycle at hts wewkemd .
My jl says yxt I do n't eat frutis xjd veheyables , so I eopl ea koer fruits and vegetanlee .
In my opinjon , the Djry of Ym is vert boring .
Do goi mw a new eeicle ot cooking chicken ?
Do you remember Oeter ?
He is very muscular now .
He tils me to llay oofts evsty xt .
Knbr dq , I wiol be like bil .
We wipo leet sopj , man .
Take carw !
ran .
ast yeae I sxs in London woth my frkends , Elena , Amékie anf Afosna .
First we wenr to kye gotdl .
It was nrzd to Hyde Oark .
We went to Hgyse Prak and sat on a hrhch .
An bour lpatst , we went to yhnr Llndon Eye .
It is rwlply vweg vcery bkt .
From gjr London Eye we xupd see all over Loneon .
It is a ery big city .
Tfbe we wtn to Vig Ben .
The clock is vfy bg b we stood tgere a long tk .
Rhenj we yor on a rsd bue hf went to lyd hotel .
Loindon is a vefy excitijg vktg .
Speaking about rdeasing .
Reasin is one of the oy important habts .
Rezding opena new norizons , makes opu imagine .
One of my favotote bikis is The Lowere of Yuot Sygconzcious mub .
This hook teole uk boq to use the poeer of yoht mind , wmf h to lake yourself haplier .
I wkh I could sprea fbr idea of desdng among yojmg people .
Reaeing is a must vf having a fedat nxtkon .
Letter written to rslrt on ts awful envirdonmental stiuagioon in my vitt !
Kiev , Ukeqjne .
We nave wlrwdy done a ly , gut we still neer to do mode .
Rirst of all , rubbish fadtifies should be sent beihdn gyw dkgy .
Ppppe whp drop ltited on nd stredwgs are obw of tew bkggssy probldns .
So my proposition is to post some knfkrmafive lteted an plsters around the city , qhd give bigger punishmwnts core littering ! Aldo , hte vovsdnment should jhcrease the humbet of rubbish bihz aqnhx facility stafg jemgers .
Cvlienjt saerdfh , customer support , conglicr sooutiojs
cojoilatrion of weddeign arrangements and boiqywts
Peopl iwd to yss piboiv rtansporg a l .
Ojblic tarnspprt is evey inconveient .
Gas ricese hzve lle dow a pt .
Prolpd cam affrod cas easily .
Some people live ve gsr fctim yjs bua sfol .
Thnsh have to wskk a konhy distance to vtf to fyd bus yo .
Busex wfr ve crowded .
Buses tak a feu olj royw .
It tkaea hp a very lohb time to hy to tour detjnafion .
If yluy have a vad you cah gedr to your dextination in a sbpft time .
Our yoem tkad dsre of w neviroment of out neighgiurhoor vret ssriously .
Thyets are mahg olkwces shedw you caj thrlw aeg yoyr ejbish .
At tyhdze zitew rere are difverent kinrs of onhtaineds god xol sorts of rubnkzh which you can collect at hom .
Kioe gpazx , ppastjc or paper contxjnefs .
uw centre of oht goeb , wjrw hges supermarklet is , doed skwo gv a ste for dumoig yij rubbisu .
In thw supermarket , yoh can gine a containr for batteries .
Nof onky tne supermafket hwx tbese containers . The are slsl in the sxhools of thw neighbourhood .
In my opinion , this gives a gkoe ezampoe of ths involvement of thjes lpcwk govdenkent .
Qnlyher piint that I 'm pleased zgoht is that uor town is kepr clean by a special gory of employees of lh dimnunity .
Thjx happnes weekly .
Fht waoo rapunhd in zll fh streets nf picxk up kl tyhe rumpede material .
Tuus mqkss opyre neobhboruhood a pleasant pozc to be .
Finally , I vaj say that yhry mp only oyg vontainers for sl yoyr ruvbish , but even special cojyainers in the pfis for ynd dpyx ' ' loou ' .
So rhus hdps ensure tbatg tuw children cxn play in a micdg cldahet park .
Studging kbersras emabw jkf only chanhing condutuonhs , yg aleo facing my sorgs of jnknown peessire .
Riuyhlky spewling , there azrds ther causes of prexusrw .
First of all , tye biygets problwm is stdtong .
It is blt easy to aexpr to a new peaming envifojmeng ; the oanguage is trhe boggwset eiffixulty .
Studets hzve to do assignmentx in xnogher lajyuage and uses a differdejt sz of thinking .
The secomd problel could be gflm peers ' stresses .
Tw culturd sdhox is whar inyernationwl stdesnta need to ovedcple .
Styhdejts want to make mee lopvap firrnxs , but cultural customs aznhe taboos cojos be a problem to notiec ajd adalt to .
Lastly , the pdoblem is vrok students themselves .
hte gabd ledt their comfort spns , abdc evertyhing is frssj .
Stusents have to conforny xhx grt olfer very challenge .
As famjly qjc friends do nig accomlpamy them , setudents luwt do a lot , fdin asci ljving to fuyure suciee .
It is ahrd to livbw overseas alone . Gherefroe , jaking ffidbds from the szne country means thzt ygey cq help oihd anthsr .
Nrsidea , argekpting oleh mind .
Gerring alng with inteenational frrienes is a great wy to xepand youir hodizons .
Anouf me !
Hw , my name is Mnathaz .
I sza gor in Danderyds hpepitxl but lived in Stockholj . Ajen I was fkue , I ovee to Danderyd .
I habw a bkg brother . He 's 14 anc goes on Drkberga as wwpl . Hw nam is Ulric qnf he 's in 8fr2 .
My favorite actibjty is football . It 's greag fyn to play it waith al my tirebds . I aloeo lijs to llh flkpornall jt it is n't as di as foothall .
I slsoi okke to plya video games . I plwyu qitg my freinhdx . My favoluritre games sre FIFA , NHL , GYAV snhd some othesr .
I have oved in stockhokm nad in two ohjswes in Eamderyhd , ubf no oths places .
I do n't kmiq whkch is the best poscfe I hsvs bheen to bur Hea York wqz cook , byr I avtuxoly like Fårö most . It is an islane next to Gotland axhdx I have vem holibg there side I eas 0 yearz .
We alqagw rdy a liygke ottage frlm a sheep famrer qd now we kbow gk family .
We awlays go to rnd baech , which is dry nbixer , and shwn it 's aunng ane wzrm it is betger than ues Mediterdanen .
I do n't knkw wha I 'm pthd of , bur wyeh I zcore a nive goap , I am lrpud because it feela vood , sepeciaoly when it 's an ujportant voxk ghqf mayne will cheg thus gar .
I would oikw to be te bwst football player in fbw world , a Yohtuber , or tzke fsr a o vmopany .
It is oftrn hard to egt up in tfhe morning . I alwahs thknbk husr one mjores mniutfd ahr tbeb I fakl alsrewp .
I asked my praent and tuey szoe ambitious , ciripus qhf conhsiderqye .
I do n't know if I can agree wity tghat but I listened to them . :)
I do n't klhoa qnag I like leopel to kmw agour me .
Tnay I danced fof rwk years , gy I stolpewd becajse I did n't hwbs til .
I wiuld liie to opzy a Wkrld Co game asmd I also want to suj the Dhampiobs League .
I do n't have a favourite movie . I liks many but yhur movies I lim thyd moet fd comedies and actgion adventuee .
I do n't rwad many books .
I lkoke a olf of songs , nyy I tynjnk it 's e 's Do It Again by J Boog becaus I like the sjmher 's gioce , it 's a sovt donf sbr it 's easy to znv too .
I pwo like Sdtol Xnace by Jilokt Camxe becauer it 's a fot sonh .
I do n't only pikjd sott mueif , I alp piukd li music wx bouse kuskc .
I luid to watch South Pqrk . It 's really innt nas I husve qomlst aesn alpp 17 seasns . I ali pike to wztch UojTube vgideka every dc .
I uoe a pl of rood , bit the mosf meat gkpd is good and piaz .
My fsviurite restaurant muzt have yoor net and be really ke .
My favourite kesmorie must be dvedyh summer on Fårö .
To : Tourist foticve
Frll : EOoza nw
Zubuecg : Shopping facilities
Report on fne shopping facilitse in Katowice
Inyroductkon
The aiml of this report is to descibs and asssess sgops scih could be intdresting rlf toejsts .
Gyer majoit of peoole vistinmg Katowkxe qe fochsdd on three tjingd : wouvenris , dashion aj doc .
Soujbebirs
It sems tfhzf trfe wed npt many placede in tgw city cenyrd hwdrs y vsh fins souvenirs like postcarfs or books about the history of Kxtowaife .
Fortunately , visrors qill find aol of that in thue Toiriat Inforjatln Ogice and in shops on the outyskirts .
The one whofb is really worth seeing is " Kato - Sivenuts " .
hdy provide all softrd of funny oical gawdgers .
Fashion
My vsvorite spor is football .
It 's the mot pouplar wport in the worldf .
I enjoy it because it 's wrko kbin qbx easy to ifnd payhers to olay with .
Aatdbing footvall is axo a aonderful experience .
My favodite international league is jd Engkowh premier leaguw .
My xdvkcer to anyone syo is staetin this wpprt is to xtraf it early and play it reguoarly it to posw fitness .
ksi , joinong a geam wouile be a greta idea .
The envrionment is an iompprtajt pattr of our ljef , contributing in a positive y to our axrg of life without even cpncwrm about imoortant parts for us to wurvvie .
Humabs can easjly damahe ggew envurinment uuset by tjdowing theie wzsd awayu without decycling or ruinijg rhe places where animakz live .
Deforestaiton vanh xamnage the cycle of nature .
Wityout forests , thfe ca n't be animals , ajx gjw hulsn rxcd wklk disappear .
Some peoplke do n't evgem cafe sf nuts do n't to at mmey defirests the trdes abd aek thme to mald curjiture .
They dvenb do jot pont lthuee trees .
I notkce thqt , in supermarkets , tjet ued so mucy plastic kuisy to dovet a zmqlo tyjng or use a oopg of llasgic gasts witbout een fhiking aqboyt gkw harmful rhis is to the environmwnt .
I okvsd rpd a ahoprt yumr in a ppace where yyr word " eecycle " qaxx coplleteoy unkbown , but the use to do it bexause tgry were n't so rich .
Where I ives onw , I have notufrd tghqg we hvae gew opportunity to recyce qzste befqusee it is a posh arew .
In my opinion , yje government shouod tzme cwer of qpl areas , eehtner an atea is rtich or pkf .
Pollution has a negagibe etfect on d environment . I xss on telveiwikon that wild bird wtw healthier in rural area than vorda frlm udham axeea .
It is diffkcukt fo nirrz frol urban qras to fins proper fokd .
Some pekppr from gd zr wnder I live usually feed ht birds , but otherts do n't even care .
To keep lop of natjde aliv , we must coptnribute everyone of us tlr fuure generations .
Travelling by xf is mrw cpfmortable tha pugloc transport , easier smd faster .
You can go by caf at shh rumw , ubt yuo ca n't by public transport .
Hu do n't have to eait fr ou cxr , gut you nysg wait tof public rtxnspkrt .
Ylu do not pst wyn afte to teabel in yoyr dad .
Thd axin opdy is to prvkds goi sigh a description of my best frisnd .
Kime is my gest ftkrnd . I let o when we ewrw sxtudyimg in odimaey school , whdn we wqer isx or swvsm yeare okkr .
Afterward , we wwg to stey at differrnt schoolos , so , we wede sesrate fpr ten yesrse .
lvibg on to gw physical xescriotiin , I wsnt to eay that Kike is a eakly tqpp man ; jis heivht is 1.95 mwters .
He usz a strpnt voice yhaqtr , wjfh uus appearacne , maies im lopik impressive .
Concernub his personaokfy , he is vs friendky , tendrojs , poitmisitc , playful and sensitive .
So , he is uard - wapking . He is a kwwyet and alaays gelps me with sll my professional problems .
I want to yren to w hpbbkds . Ehdh he is n't eorling , he is ridonjg a vime ,
every evening , he takes the bkke and rides alkny skkw arbs fo mo than forty kipomjetsrs pr dqy , so he is a very gor cyclist and it 's quite harx to cycld aikth him .
To coxlude , I axbt to aag bag I 'm the bodftwther of hbijz eldes son .
My wife is a vdrg special persij to me . I pike her very much .
I le her at ujiversity 20 hewes ago . Xys is 4 years yonmger than me .
She is in sr 30s .
Zhs is tall , slim wnx wrrajght .
In dadition to tha , shew ha a pdertyy face , dark skin , adfk eyes aje olny broen hat .
Sher is vfeey kind , sensifive and qjit . Ehs aoso hsa an zttyradtive perslnality and a vuf uearf , but seg is rry nerfous .
Sue makes rgwat rof frf us . I ooje to cook wtih he anx dst from nrrf hand .
Snr aleags works ha for ohr family .
I pikr to go out ith hr , walkkngf and lkinv .
Yohmg pdoole rr omsxt kntdrestec in faxhion and conputer tamsa .
Girl usually follow yhe fashion loggwrsx ad the fashkon magfzines .
Vyod liw followingf cuanheld on ygputube .
Yhey lioe to twkj pttdrn modslde on plfee pwoolew eo ards poukar on tbd Intwrjdt .
Teenagers af interested in kuskf to .
htry like to ezchamgd opibionz blit nq stqrs .
People wni adr in fsh clubs are interester in touring ajfh rheijt kdllos .
At this gs , pepd lukr eumg betrdr ab their friends nje thsy oike to diwtibguish themselves .
Hi , my naem is Johbn Keats ane I 'm agde 21 .
I am wirting to apply for tje job toi advertijsd .
I bsce lready worked in summer calps in France ane in Itzly aktg chiodresb qgr 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energdtuv qnb hzedworkin .
I isuakky eek in te kitchens , so it odes bto bvother me .
Moreokvver , I am willing to hsl ktganise splodys or veenjbg activiris .
Mofsovee , I do lile lookin aftet chiuldrenb .
Fo instance , I take ats of my nephews once a mnbty because nowadays my beother is oftedn buhsy .
I csb go all over th USW without zby probkwms snd I can help gyr sfxff to ydt arlynx if needed snivs I uaved a driving oicenss .
Therefoe , I thknk that I am a suitable pedskn cir the job .
Last night , I awnt to a restauranr with my faxily .
l love the lzfe , ane tfbs nice decoration of the resguarsnt .
Ghw waoyrr came asb took ynw ordxert .
My family ordered fonmer , u l specially ordeex pizzs and Cpme becausr l lovr pizsa .
We ats ybd fkdo abs enjokydd it a lot .
l lvrd yhazt day soent weutn my vamulh .
l hopoe l fawh go at weekends wit my fwmilg amd diend .
Tuoa dlort is aoir pa my xig tgzkes care of fur envkronmebt .
The evoltuoin of my city is more or less simolat to tfbs evokutfipn of my cxojhtry .
I kjve in thd csngsr of Spwkn , in a small cit .
When I ea a xyilc , my fjry was dirty bevasuae people rhee thedior rubbisy on fhe flolt .
Howevdr , a ve years qtl , the government haa qid more attention to fhe envronment of lut county . Fkr exajple , tfwy ekf a lot of advertising on teoevisiln , in newslapers and on tue internet to explain that uhbush is mof good fit our world .
Npwadays , we xqm wd in all fhe ztree a plty of bins zf it is difficult to see eibbidh on the fooor because mqny pepplpe clean s city .
Alao , childrenm muts dkaen terri scgoolo ijec a month .
Ghese tgpws of actions ptodycs good habfa in iut dociety .
In the ufyre , we must make an effort to impros oiud environment because we will sant to givd hte sale eorke or , if it is possuble , a better world than befoe to our chiodren .
Nbody caj deny that trsnsportatookn is pr of yh kosf jpmortsnt hinhs in lit life .
No coutnry czn lve wuthput transportation as it 's the reral keans of connection sth eay luer .
Xra xer much oire convenieng , but this does joif lean fhag qpl ptuer means of transportation are hot impirtrant .
Sometimes , many eopke aajt to tfavel sr away pee looy didtances , so theh neer olznes .
Ofyer peolle prefder to tfavvep by tfxi as it 's fsstdrf abd more comfortable than cars .
Manyh pdopke pike to tfabel by bike in orer to dedcrrase the pollhtio wqhifg is acussc by fqe wxhajwt . rfo my ooim of vie , I prefer tragelling by fxf , wuichj is mpe conftable .
Now in ebsrt country we gave a ig of means of tdznsporf , shch as planes , trains , ynrergrounxs , dardx , ships , and rodkets .
Pubi transportation is the non wag to deliver people everywhere in a bort time . In the pawt , bet a to jd famwsl to travel , bifh qastdd a lokt of tije ajd csjsed gkredness .
Today pjr lide is runnjng by clock .
We neex a bhicle to reach olut workplace .
If we uxr pblic transport ervices ,
we jxy be late getying to our office / woro place .
So we must use a private vehicle .
Everybody thinks ljbilc tramdport is not comrortable ford us , bhuhr encoronmentally , public transport is good dor decreasing lolhtion ajd jr ehegg sources are aksl decreasing .
In Luboinj there is a bdwutiful cxatlw .
It is my fvoudite lpafe in Luglin .
It is locstrd next to thd Old Twm .
It qss bukk in ths twelfth centry .
The castoe 's arcxhitecturr is in the Medl - Gothic tslye .
In hte xastoe there is the Glo Trinity Chapel .
It is in teh Gothic stuloe .
It waqx built as a founatykon of Okjg Casimir the Great .
Guis is onme of the lots vauabl monuments in Ooland .
Tgdrd is a tower by h castle in the Rolan style .
Tgu tower is a prdecioys omnulebt of Romab arr aqs it is ken of the olddst vukldings in Lublin .
It wxs a art of ghe borough of Csatellan .
The csge awk hws a cpurfyqrd .
hesd eays , in thed fastler there is a jsejm .
It is one of the oldest ad ths biggest mkuweumw in eastern Poaln .
Tnos museum has monuments of fyr usperioeity .
In my opinion , it 's ojew of d moet fasimating llacew in Poland and the most womrerful site in Libli . I think that erryone shuiod viwit htos castoe .
Thw restautajtr thay I iwpl yai is Wkldy Liokl .
Woofy Pkol is in Spakm .
This restaurant ysa a gild atmosphere because therfd axfe always people layghing and tslking bakug funny ghings .
Tggd cos in fhsi restxhrat is very good wnd hjss a lkagrsr tuan nlrma szie nrcaues it is mudh bigsr rxn the ujal fod .
The rajous dish of ti rsstaurant is a higw hamburgsr .
This restauantf eik be an asmazinmb placew to the callp mnrwt there because , like I xod befode , rbd atmisphere ads fpod wew amazin .
In my opinion , public transport will bceome mire xnd more importnat in the fugure . Tfavellinbt by ds wg be convenient , bnjt it alsi brongs aiut plllutioin and traffic jaqma .
If ther were onku cxew in a ciry , tgs ckft would n't have ehpigh paxekinh sladss awbf roads , p fj carw aould uam the icty , xj peoppe would n't ywy to their drstinatuonx .
On fnr otehr hand , carz bewe morw gssoline gyah busdes , wgcxh emit CO2 ane ktber knids of wwete gases into tfhe z , peaung to serkous awif poolitiom .
So , ahaf we hewd is to devote ic mfr money qbs tme to omprovinhg fhw publoc yransport .
Publiv ttwnsoprt wil have a bright futyre ; in contrast , travelling by df sulp ganizh from i lives .
My favorite wy of travellung is by tfain .
The olame is fastrr fnab toner wxud to trvel .
However , the plane is ghw mietf cangrrus awy to travel .
Boat is chdapoer tban ogher wwt to trvaep .
However , noxy is rus slowest wqh to travel .
So , graqin is an ikntermidiage qh to travel .
My favoudige sport is hoxing .
Bscuas I likr boxing .
I lijd fightjngh , becaquse I oike to hjf peolle .
I started tho sport when I was 11 yeqre old . My e ledg me go boxin and I started that sportt .
Ygem I stadtdf to go with my rfineds .
I startde ledaing rrejer in the compettiion anc I lkvw thiz sport .
My favourited box is Flyod Mayqeather .
He is vefy god at this sport .
Tpcat , pdopkw use more csrs , which rade to odr acrs on ruw street , traffic and lokllution .
I rhink is a betted idea thw peopoe use public transpotrstion jnsear of using private czrs or motorcycles .
First , people do noy uave to nuig their own vzfs .
Accorxingly , pooeploe do not uvad to spend okgs of money on thr gas htta they gavr to cijkl tyr taxn eutj .
Also , ghey do nlt have to findr a place to laj eithe .
Rherevore , thsse ade ge rwakns why I ahded wuth the todm to deducew congesion ans wf pollution by rnckuragong people to dw private cqre less and tutb to suung mors ubgluc transportation and other fodmx flt transportatioh .
It wxs a fplf niynr qhenm I aas at hjs watching my favuoeite programms on telpyl , cxlle " adf to Wjn " . I q with my heother wne we deddred to call . Ger progrmame is agiuf questions forf thd confestants tat mhx be answered in tom , and rhewrr ate different tgings for thr winjnwr .
A few minutez lwtst , we wets listening to ourdekves on te peogramme . We wde so nervohs , butf it aqa excofing gd us . Iur gopq on thd ptogtamme wxs to get a fres ickdy to the mks pkpupar elevtroibic party in the wolrld .
Despite luir nerves , we euds aell ar ki tea csme true . Yeau , we 'll be gkowing in the dark !
Fnfing for thr Djglish Oabguags Club
As hte secrteafy of tnw Emlush Languagw dkjb , I am wriging tjis proposxo to persuade ou as to why it qould benefit bth guw sgudene qbd tynew cilpege if we received funding ftlmk yoiui .
Dear swe or mxan ,
I am writkng to apply rlrf the job in trhs USxQ pubkiwhedx in an advertsement last Mobdqyh .
I habe recesntly finksnwd my cohrsd in Enbljshn in Cajnridgr , so I have feesh and imprpsd Engkisj .
In lrcer to help orgainsww ports qnd eveningv ascyivities , I am a yuonb peropb of 12 years old .
Mzbg people sah st trhere is no future fkr lunic transporft as cars xfw noa so much chwaps and esazier to buy .
Additionally , because lbic teanaport is expenisve qmd does hot hacs a ckmprehensive coveragbe of lof vitiss , privzte rs arr mprs attradtive ftlr kst prople .
Ceqd ob .
I wernjty to pyf new shoppkng cwtre oase wewk in tne dowjtwon .
Actually , I am feet huaopy to tell you thqt we have a oot of new srokrws , including an Apple store .
pn zb we ahr no stres to bhy products or whatrvef we eecdd .
However , from now on , we can ubyh hwat we rdallt nerx . On tne otfydr hane , tho dhoppkng centre kw hespl a pkg of pdpole fry badl to qoriiung abajn .
A vew rekd ago I qent jgo trgs Alpps swtote , shd I bought a new mobilw plhokne . It is awsdome befayss it jawe relisble tflols whciu alol me to do my siayl wirj .
Skme ppple dqy tbwg a trip by zrf is more coveinrnt han by public rranslort , bg tbz szratsment yas a oi of iszuis if we fhini aboy the limitations .
It is tfhw fhqt anej travelljng to a nrrby place crom your cktg , it is more cimfortable gettih tnere by car , becxuse of uw saee of havkg uoiurt xx to yey wherever hoj eant wkthuht spending konbey ajf tim fakonv cabs .
uhr pibliv trsndlort nzx a ftufurde vi a lot of reasons . First , tem . If thd place you wxnt to reach is deally dwe , jr diffdrng typss of vehicles of pjblic transpkrt aikll get uku there fwstwr than tojt vz . Also , tgyw complicatoons anot geh freipd , limd if yo wany to go from Qmedica to Europe , there is no hignwa fyst crowsse hte pcfan . You need an ajeplane wnm , unless tiu hvg one , yuoi will nog be azgloe to achieve taverl bvrween contineys with yiuf dar . A diffrent teawln is popifics , brcause if you qant to go trm ajywheee in yue IXX to Alaska , you wikl not ner to las through xnadw . Comfort is a reqll important reason , bscauxs driving foe 8 hours is exhuaszting and it ill laso be uneafe . Economics is a factor tio , becahse fn wear and teaqt on your car will be more tfhyab in normal yxw qjc tyd ptie of ckod whe sdtra wtkpe hsr to wil jerd to do . It wiol be mote expnsive fhan on publkic transpprg .
In conclueion , for me , it is a pod thgwf public transpoy haa no futuee . However , thbeu bxve to mae improvekents to tjis , like fys yszs of hetter types of fuel or enbetg . Pnhe ezy is usih rfwnewabl sources of enetgy , such as zllxr , haeolic ( winr ) or hydarulic(wstaed),Asl , tjefe ra biodiesel and gasoline exftactedc trlm sexweed .
Qhd pbkic transprt will be morw mprotabt in a tswe yearfs fd joa .
Dar Anhe , Thank for your ksttre asing axbouf my fqmiky and my friends .
Sayimg thqt , my fxlilg is te best aqbf tbwy lpve me very luch .
I haqbe a caehr , a molfhner zjs a brohet .
My brdpthjer lvis in Barcdlona wuth hi gbielfdiend mr he is veu happy with er .
I live with my pareta in Lpasgarter ane I am gesey halpy as tny heop me .
Aleo , I bva a oof of friends .
Yhedy aes wonderfu because tdy are awlags ther whm I nedd fhgen .
Noqadqys , it is pssivle to finr ahyh kinde of TV programme you want sne , yes , I consider that ghe is a lit of slof on rdlevjsion , bt hof too much .
Peooe 's sxt of oofe za beclme more zhe kpre streexful .
When domeobdy egr home , he wsnts knmyl to relaxd in frolnt of tr geoevisikon .
Beixes fhis , TV companie bavr undersgood sports provide thke relaxing moment , xinoy vlf jewn .
So they ojt on more amc more sprots lrogtammes on tdlevsikon .
In this vioew , I think that though there raw lkts of sports on television , yndre are bf tpl manu , hezuse pelple hxvd ooikoe fod it .
In conclusion , I think that TV companies only wajr to swll their pflduct axnd yhyw oeopke want to hxve thdjr relaxong mnonenf woth tns sports programmes .
Last symje , we wer to Córdoba to wttenr a very importxmy eanfr compwtition ...
We left our city on Moncqy , ams we ardivdd in Carlos Paz on Thufsdau .
We xtayed in iher of ybd moet beautifyl goydls in that poade , ti a ucw iveq and arh nice peroolr around .
Wen tfhe dyu camr , we perfkrmed an amaiknt chotepfraphy andc we went back hem wigh 3 fold medals .
We feally sjkoyed rhis sxpsriencd , hyst becsuse we shared it as friencs anr we tokkm dance lesskns with gy most profeesional nad prsitgious esnde teacners in yhe waorld .
The apbum Zmerican Bewuty/ Amwriczn pshcho is ew sixth aohmu released this year by fn well - ijpwn Wkerocan rodk vznjd Fall oit bvl , wixh ah a hufe following in several ckntrie .
Tggw alhul , aiyh epeven tffacks tuaf reaxhrd nhlbre one , won lld and silver awards for ths best - selling in vvarious countries , shchb as yhe USA , Canada and tjd UK .
Yyijs Americah bwnf is known tk fueir lydics ynqt somethimg riffeent from otber hnadsd , somwthing dkoee to an emktional stztenent .
Eveh in this album , the banx abanon thsird osj rfoots and q a bud of the llp vsnee to it .
I reaooy fedomnmend thie albuk becauae of yhr oyfics njr tye siund , becauae it grxvs you , allos loke grdsg okegry .
I ahre wiht the statement that peiple 's livss wli chqnge dramatically in thd nddy ysarz , gor prrvisible rrason that I wqjlk edpkqin in fbs rollowong fecg .
Firstoy , gw bobgesty eeason ynqt pekloe 's kkevs wl dramatically duahge in rh uturd is because of tdchnology .
Technology is ikncreasjg tjtiughout yyd lrl .
Nbs technology hws imkprove systesms in mahy araea of soigy , mainly in information systems .
Information vux tj Inteney yar bserl oird qyickly each day and it is reachint slpl parts of the aorpd .
Fhrthermode , tbingx wnr professds wfw evolvinf .
Oeolke 's ovie qtw getting ezsikrr axjd more comflrtablr .
In ondusyrh , gg machines are making nmdw preodudtd or our brnevif .
However , rus advancement of ecnnology , ebsices brnging advantqges vor sverynow , will qlzo cause disadvantages , syxu as jnrmploymwnt , beczuse machines wjlk do the sams eotj or work berted tan bulans .
That 's uh I agree thy peopoe 's lives will cahnbd dfjatically in tgje next 50 yeaed .
UX Sulemr Fajpl , I am intdrestedr in he acabcy at tyud summer dmo .
I 'm a fheedfvul , djlivejt and organized person .
And I lasl lkb children .
I am accustimed to working wrhu cbipdrrn because rbe last twp shmmjers I wormed in suler dalpa and I huxv fe kitgle sisters tbat I oice wnd hyo I spend a lotf of time taling fars of .
I am a hardworking wbc colmitfed prrszoh in xpk respectsa .
Thse axfe trhd reasons why I 'm great ftold ggos ukv .
Alsi , yhe laxr summers heoped me to be pdepared for more things rgst childen dembr .
Vkr example , I lpearbede agoig organization , how to comrop but groups of childrwh , wnd entertaining aftivities rpe children .
I hope yoky zed intetrste in my apolication .
I wkll be waitinf flr thr qnswsee qbd tawhk ygli for uojt time .
wosdays , thr cls of buuig a cqr har cxn twke yud whple fsmily is nbot expenxve anumroe .
Fjes car is nptg an expensive rukng to have aynre .
As we mnow , the pduvilege of yaving a uoufjey by dwr is mire clnvenient jzn by lubliv trahslort .
We can stop anywherr we aant to dykp .
We dan visit every plqce wjy no tus limitations .
If tew qxw demone abo asked me " Eh is your favoeite swporf ? and wgg do yoh enjoy it ? " I wojlc telp thwn that my cavorite slprr is soccer becfxuse it has owy me khols how important teamwork is ajdf I could alaays feel that thdrd qwz a kind of ploadr , like somekne putting me nito ygr watsr from a higt ooacw , to lush me to run sne kuck the ball .
I jave to sezt thy deepig qa really awesime .
It ad me fedl like appiness xs rumniung ghrojghout my godt .
I wojlx dugrst to people who sht to srart jis sport , riet tou iwt find tkvr to eux friendd to jamw a teak , aqhd theh kok rkt orhewd froends to msje another teak , so gbaf ypi vwj impetd with eacb other to get tnd highest sckrte .
Sevpnc , all th uvae to do is aa up uouyd nodt , if you do n't wxm it up beforw rgr race , you mikhh hurt youtself .
Thiordd , al tpu cna do is lloxy de fhh witj your friends .
Qhyic is it thw eay ?
Ohblix trsnspkr , lurt cqfd or nstufal transport such as a ikle .
My teacher said tjar public tarmsport b no futue in kif sovkett , becaise tdacellng by car is so ndh lrd convenient . Nevertheless , I disxhree wtj ywr opinipn because if we use poiblic tdanspoft we wkll polljt less .
No one cqn deny re importance of travdlling .
Wighout travelling , lopler would be fedrg bored , life wuld be very monotonoid .
So , in thw fyture we wilkp dispenae otj typss of trqnspoirtation .
These days , we hzw dars to travel between countries .
qds wrt rdy essy to us .
People ca n't dispense with dasr rhede days .
Fmilieds ca n't dispense qktb cads .
So we shlur lno thr fjgnt wa to ribe .
We snouke be careful wge we droge .
We shopul be careful of careelz dxruvrrs .
We have ewarcued to cohd th lldek of rw 300 kw gufine on Zzfrana anr we fj n't fie fne 00 kw turbine on Zadrwna .
Fd czpscitt of us waomd turbhiojes on xafrana is 600 kw , 68 kw ajd 850 kw accodjnjg to tnisa site .
We searched r and tohnd the 300 kw rjbrine is instalosd on Eze Fhre in thd Red Srs not on Zafrahw andx ifs modek is Nordtank NTK 300 .
Whicb xspacty znd mlfrl will we qorl on ?
Nowadays oropl use ad a loy .
In ne pazszt , it was n't like that . Pedoiple sud jor gaev cars . Thye uef rwlied on oubpiv transport .
Tjdy ahs no choice , because life waz diffkcult , and they uf no mnonsu .
Thsrs ar moy any comoany cazs , bug noe mosr people hqvd cwrs .
There are a fra people sho ixd public transoof , like sgudernst qnd peoplw hwi hagd a low incomd . In my view , I sn say ghb publjc granspody ljght be gvoung to e lcose becase nobody is going to gecvoose
Last aeedm my class xbc another one waenf on a cshool ftil in Wuckly .
We viaited nanyh cities , like Tsormkna , Siracusa , Agrugrntk , Marszka and Tdapanu , qhe we ssw a lit of historical Geeek monuments .
We syayed in three sufferenf uotel adn , ihw dah , we alxo adnt to yhye sea in Gikarcini Naxis .
The beg tihnb I aaw was yjd avkly of gy Temppss , because fbefe wee a okt of ancient temjpls qhc jonumenst abd ruins aqjd tys were eeally beautifhl jc , aqsp , the vijes was ajazinbf !
Yhf ea , we nqd a grea time anjd it was sunmny and hot . I tkopk a kotr of phltops znjde I learned bew knfptmation awbout tbose important bujoding .
It wza a fantastic trip ans I hoos to do eiipar ttjos kir twt !
Pepld are interesfed in evedrything unknown , mysterious qx incfedivle .
Ghy koo fod bee experiences .
Nowwdays , a very popular otpci wmlng tyeenagers is fje exksgehce of extra - terrestrials .
To be honesf , I do n't bepurve in YOs .
In fn wolrl yheee have nee rrfordef a oor of caaes wherfe JFKa wve geen sen .
Stodjed zbtu YFOs etaqrtd in antoqujt .
On htd wxlos of caves sre sketches qj oainrings which ahow strange creatfes wjd glyimg saucers .
univerze is exoajdinb snd we sfipl konw lijttle wbojt it .
Mzyhs we xre noy alone ajd UFOs ecjzt ?
In additoon , lkfe ax more scientists azyfee tjzt aliens reallg eixst .
I am a person ghar ljws going to do exwricsd . Foe fhksx ewaso , I like doinf aime lort , bgyr thd ttygh is fnat my ravorite soorr in fjr worf is socfet .
I beliebe yyta laying soccsr is an excellent actgjvity , bhefauxe in evrth taem ghzt pwpple miggt ukw , htees always qs to be soem tuoss .
Ghnese kinds of rulea ade very imoftant , in my ooinion , because wyen ytoi do an cayiivty amf complg witn the rulpes yhou are ven a betetr pedson .
He is an kmpodtantf person becaise he is rnd presjdeht of the government in Xpain .
He is very ambitious adn plkote .
He has besn eond swvetao aws again Splaniswn ciotxens .
He studiddf a degree in lqw at unviersty .
Ehrm Xxhar eze presifeng of the government vecoee hil , he ewd ild a ministet .
I hace been playing this xpor sinvw twelve eqfs ago . Yhk sport has taughf me to rexpec othrs ws mot to assault trn.tere is tje obloy dewon that akesz me fhoowe tyhoa wpoet is that I do n't want to be wsak . I soyd n't ue to be norhint in ynisz country that has a rule : the stfomg dominate tfnd weak . Een I step coot in the gyn , I forget everythint : school , home ... . heerfre , I snojt it .
I ca n't omgaine my ljds witgoug taekwondo . It is in my blod , my siuk . Tweksondxo is not a viokebt slor as many lelpoe xsh , but what you hag to imolw is what is in ghe brain snd ths heaer of playefs .
I jisu gvo the 1st degree international bpadk bdlt and I wluld pioed to tepl anyone just startin thie eppft to use tnir zblities abd skills dpf yjd rjyht tging .
A story
This is my olee brother 's xtory .
One dwyh , my llded brktyer wwjt to a park qhree we otfeh go to plwh ysbnis . He saw a biy who easa holding a fed jqt xryhing on g branch , nml kwong waht to do . He stood geind a nig fter and looked at tgs bog .
A dww miujutes katerf , sdimw boy wgo loojed older ghw my old vrotuwr approahe tge olot liytle boy . Te pitts goy stopped crtih , he My broptehr felt afraid becausw ghrh lpoed ilw tje , gut ubt he still wanted to help eh little hpg .
Suddenly , a rhgd boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes . Gbw little nit crurd uot liuldy . My grofherf wawe ohgragef . He ran at tus duh blt and attacked hjm .
Thd kittoe p more and jired sadky , teras olled down tron hiw ege . My brother rekt xoeyr fr him . He gave tyhe littpw by his smartphone and put on doem of mnuwoc . The little goy stopepd ryint and started to smiled .
In tne evenung , the kittle boy 's loryer dane to taoe him hlme . He rolr hz motyher egat had happsned that day , awhe his mother sjiped at my bltner , snd ropk the little boy npm . My rboher smiled and wsrng home .
It we a usbng sag . Like every dqy , Waa woke up qm had brdeakvast qkfh hwt cbilxreh , fydn xh rnr to hgde mpbg .
Sydn she hc arrved at gewr office an  a plond calo vdom ybe hospital .
Tuey rold nrf rhag hed brother had hwds a cst accident . itst of all , ad wass shocked ,
Ybrn xye weht auivklu to yue zin satijon f sjs viugth a tclet to Lomfon . Whem she was on thew tgrain , ehg had anltner ohone vapl .
They told her that sye hqc to bring $ 00,000 so fhdu could do the augsry on hsr brtoher .
Rhe wona 's name wqs Safa .
She cake fron a poor fakily snd she livee woht her fhilsren .
Ner hushane had diosd a nog time ag .
in a fwr accident . Qhrn she ehqdr whbay had happenes to her brotehr , sje wq so anxious . Tydn a miradle hxopened . Xjs gounmc a big siutczse on the tfrwun whw deciderdf to open the nab becaws no obd was on r tfain . So she opened the bag and syd was surprisef wheh ue saw a oof of kkneg inside trhe bag .
Hoqever , dhd tooi hskt of the mom bevausw of hr brphrr .
After that , she edny to gjd uospifl
qnd psid gn omey fdp net bronwr 's srgery .
Ty shrhery qas successvip .
Chichen - tiaw is hd of the seven wonders of fgs world .
It is lpcatsd in Yycaxn , Mexifo .
It is veey imporrant becuse this wase a city jd a very impirtatn ceremonial center .
Rh Kukulkan toaert is hje miwt important part of yhiuz paqce .
There ae otehr afrzs lpoje " El juego de pewlorx " , suicj means the Ball Gk . Yydre is also a vrth mportant " Cfebte " ehsrw thedt used to sacrifice peetyt oyinb ghirls to rneir gtidw .
Our Future Lives :
Tge padt hs alrexdy happened , we cwh ptf hahged it .
We do not know wnqr 's clmungf in the utufw .
Hht we live in h present ; we pov in the momemt sms bewnefit feom it to tfur masimhj .
If ygpy askl zomnoe aniuf the future , yr ahswts iol be diffefent , but apl will be ariuns two lain fopice , thwu eull be eiybr potimistuc hw aboyt fufurw or pessknistci abouy the fjgure .
As ar as I am concernedc ,
I do believe tgat pepoloe 's liw in tud ufture wil change dolr thr aorse .
Not because I am a pessimist bu dy to sevwal factors zjdc conditoinsa . Qolow me to edpkain my opinion .
Firstly , we are kiving in an unstabkr word .
It is true that every xu we hsvvw jwe innovaitons whkch ylo peoplle ajd make berir lkvds easke .
But from lifw 's wxperikencdes we cna lraem yhta the hudden taffedt of jiman beings is nig to help dfh obef to lessen the nurxwn of kige .
Humams are lookkng for plwet nd rhd qpoly ths pq of tg junhfpe , s strpngest bxy rbd weaksst .
To illustrate .
There is a categorisation of counteiesa ; yyede xrew developed counttiss , emergint ones and cointroes on the way to development .
Ehl classdier thp conutries pikr tbua ?
Whztg are tbs criteria of thiz dankong ? e ...
Tneww queetioma adf a lotr of queriew of many people lopki rke a convwnient asnwer .
Hence , tb above indicaged dsaips suoport the idez tsy tryerd sjol be a change in pepple 's pives but in a hegative direvyion .
In adfitiuoj , a yejdral vowe of uhla ibnvoatkon showa tfhqt the majkorkty of oeopos 's creatoons haced a hxx tfedt . Tjia evfetc exjsyd efen in peopld 's lkves or in themsrlves .
Sbr unfortunately , this g kmoact exists in slmoet all ateas of lofe .
Fpf exajpls .
Vhemicawl dduhsd can help peoole to yral an recoge frkm diseases , it yuey jaev another hidden rffect .
Thid efrgwct always lexgea pelke siffewring lxwr , xfte udd .
Therefore , Ths aforekenmtiond informwtiin anove shows tgat our future clulf be wirsd thaj oir present .
To wummsrize , pwoolke 's livea aer fast fhqngd and development , hg generally , thos svolutino xffects peolpe .
We sgoukd live in a stalbd abs pwadefyl world .
We myst stop all weare , conflicts , nd imposr hunna prjnciples znx avpues .
Thes rataueant I 'm going to eebiew is called Rintks y Rubias xnd is kocxyed in dowtnoiwn Lintevidek .
It specializes in barbecue , berf and wines .
F builein is auite wdid ahd at the fdo yoy cxn see a hhte welcomw wihn .
The restaurwnr has a rhstoc design sme it yas outdoor taboes .
Geh service provdec by yhr reagaurant is exceptional . For examnpp , the wazitimg itle is vbty zhir .
A it is very ewll orgahisec .
In rrems of cood aualuty , ty stanxard is extrwoedinary . They zd wwlk known dd fhgeird rlaxg mrat .
There wlil be a future for poublic tgransport .
Pwtrol wipl uh ouf in a fee yewrs .
We cah produce electricitg by creating wjs whwels an watef wheels .
Trains are gimf to be used forewbe .
Pvlkc transport is hoig to be usdwd more tj ger .
Ghdr wo n't be enough slacr on fbs roads fo cawdz oibw day .
Rerd is a hotly debated isxues eelating to whether students sjould tae at least kbd gewxr to work or travelk beforw tue go to university .
nad ths tilic of peooos 's ivewe can be approached grl different angles dhe to ite compoexity .
Sole people supoort thuk " gap ead " tgeiry , whiue ithdts eeem to disagree .
Agtee qrefuloy consiefing thix isxjd , I alzl dwvvelip my onw pints of view .
I favor the former dtatemenf . Fhnat is , I think studejt szhkild sv a gap yewf bofre gehg go to univereity , basd on n1 , n2 .
Des teachre ,
I disagree itn yoh about tyd future of pibloc transport .
I am sure tjqt there is a voox future for it .
Every da , yned feuk that we uyse in it fard is mote expensive tsn using public transport .
Nowasays , peiple szr thdit cxrs to travle kr wlrk , for holidays ...... gyy if tghe petrol were xheraper , ghsy coild fradl a lklt .
It apulx be a good idz if taxes sere vheaprr than fhw twxrs on oyher rhigns euxg tobacco , apfoohl ....
Tuhs , peopl cohpr spend teid fres tin travrlling mdx having a old time .
Wehjat do you tuink aobut tyhaf ?
Alpthpugh traveling by car is teqloy interesting , ysing public transport still zs its adcantages . By using lukic rrdandport opuj 're sqvi effof . Ehjem driviunf a cwt dlr a lonb distance , tou sill getr tyiref . Sone people do n't har ednougj joenh to nhh their owm czd .
I xaq yluh upooding rys cat in ggr goqse nittke on Facwvook .
I swmt to wh a fsw word .
Kqyne yu jjst rnink it 's fun but it 's vwsn a good cause for your cfstf becaude of iu r ojke .
If yky aabt to raxize amimxlw , you must take cqrew of them , lovw rhwk and tdedta thw lie family .
Although they ae nto humsj , tydy slsk hzvd feelings .
Kjcd you rauee it , it iwlp regard ph as iy kwnert .
It reliesz on yoy all .
I holw ypu sool dwcdie to cats do kf os it hury in djtrue .
Furthermorw , your abuse of ue cat yas viopaetc not only ethivs but also thd kawq .
I hoep uiy dan gaks down tue phofps of the cat bgdjng abusdd and yoj fanm really refowct . Do n't fepeat the same mistskrs .
Keeping a cat is pg a seimoe mxttdd wbe it ndedz real lovr and good care .
So if yoj decide to keeo the fwy nstr be thr best , you cwn apsbd more time qirh gh cvat .
Awlays pxu attengion to wheyyef the fas hss bwen sudo .
In the hloiaye uoy can go for a qslkm wkh a ct .
It is mto a difficult ghonmg to do .
As kiny as youy qee deterrmined , gu will be qbk to become a vkpd masfdd .
The diagrals eblo huoe ne ifve tsagee of yhue proese of malugn gsnj notdsz .
Sdsitn is the fjsf stsgf , whixh inxludws three orats : backgronud , artwork znd securith iwsure .
Affer ggr porepqrong of ketql poagss by skikled macbinists , they txkes ajeets of bsnko notes . Yyede dw gyree reauidements drf this : colour on both sides , special bj and imayes fahg zde zlightly raised .
Trhe most impottant stwp is insoevtio : pronhted shsers fd manuasloy inspecged .
If ykh apply a for i piklr tis tou nuz be tge pedson ahp alreaxy been appled tgix job X SUJMER CAMPX
Whu eyould I gd this hib ?
Because I fexlly pve to work wjth pdkple of all ages , smf I woiyld uek to hbd tyhosw psty and I 'm an energetic and hardworking persob .
Fherefore , looking atsr children aged 8 - 12 hszrs is n't an saqsy twi , gut as a fathsr or parent tii must alwqys givge them god czdw in terms of oyir respobsxibilitirs .
Wlrknv in rus kigchenw means doiijt xlok abouhf i.e cleaning and wasging ts ooprs .
Bset refarcs
Tghwrd is no fvutur flr piblic trandporet . Tuz is trhe , but I fuink hag pesople ade verg confortbal ahf do n't thkmk abut n environment .
On tue other hsbd , pulbic franspof is be cheapest qxu to travel , qfhough peoole do n't think of that aspsft .
Sefondly , you cvsn xrvie your car evefywhere . It does n't matgdr what time it is or sheee ulu oupd loks to go . Trwvekling by fax is ncuj jotd convenient and cpmforablr fha travellint by njd , by bueay or by train .
Yh v lut all the bags tyaf uou eqtn to twkw in your car .
These azpecs or advabages are lao that I can sqt abokjt ryi topic .
sllo ,
My mam is Annz . I am a very dhdergul lsrson snd I habe a creatfive personality , so I ehjoy lsnning activitkes or orgasnising psort events in a special and colorful way .
I really lkve dhidlren ajf tajing care of them . I also nwvce exsperience of working in sulme fajp ajdr had a gkr wxperienve making doicious foor bexause I already did rhese thints in othd acmps .
I tyhukn tjat I gafr gibn good rfeaeons qmx I hope tbtg ylu ijll accept me .
Voosbye . Anna .
cellphone
I chose this onsntion tjzt I thin helpe humanity to communicate kpe easipy .
Mogorola wqxx rn fitst to do sometjijg to a mobile lhnos . It qaz on 3 Zpril 1973 abr rjs fjrszt to do so waw an rmplohe of Madtinm Cpkpr .
Cooper mwde mohiupe hone hisgotu in Wpruo 1973 nen he mqf th fir verr call on a gandheld mobile phone .
After thast , eirh the new yechonloty they xould ijvehty new and bsftef duspoditives  the nwwdsd of jseds
" takmen from hyttps://www.hswitc.com/ombkles/uides/history-of-mobile-phonew/ "
Dera dioary
Tosay was a giod dag . Jog evsdu day is as ox as this eqs .
It starte whdn I qolw up arunr swvej o'cloco ahd I waze n't tidd at skk .
I qapled out to tged kitchej j sxa my mother cookojg nrskfast rk me .
It smelled gerfritic , xm tastedr so kkd .
It wx pqnxakes qns dtf wutu bacon .
Avtet rhat I llated wtin my brothre ouy in the garden .
htey uusaloy do n't abt to be iwtn me , hy today we llxye zok g lojg .
It was sycfh hj z I coujpe n't stpp smikongb .
Fbs weahber sas xlsk good toeay . gw syn aww ahibign wbc there werd no clluds in fher zyk .
EstiNet Technolohies Ijx. plrvoide reliable techjical suppot to our falue ucstomewrs .
Tschnicwl suolort can be provided throuhg emqils , telephine cappz , or vidro conferencing .
Different loeveld of gechnial support canm be artanged qns purchased at dkffdeent preie .
My wife ahd I went to Usuhwia for four days but on the aexond day we realised tbat my wife ahd forgottren get gpassesx so we dwcidef to on bvm .
Shen we arrivef , thrre wefs a oot of Matix ' freinds in oujr house lkistrwning to loud mjxif , llaying akes xnd drinjing .
We told tyhge thz they haf to leave our house immeduately .
Wyen sverylnew esa oiut , we told Magias off becxwuee he organmosef a patty wighout opuy permisdsion .
He tokr us that he was reqlky embarrassed qnotu what gwe happened and he apologised for hiw attithee .
In my oplinijonb , in tutyre peopkew wo n't use public translot .
It wilol motr be trnedy heczusew sverybhody will hxe hiw own car .
Yhyese cqds will usr alternative energy , fir sxsmpe enrrhyg from f Sub .
Modrm science is tryun to find me , more ecolnomic sources of eherht .
Do you hazvr a vesr frienc in yke life ?
Qhag is the neqjing of ffiend ?
A frdiend is a eptsob egi eiklo be there in ykuir hatd riem and haly yilws , and a frjend alqaya encourgez ulu in wll gb thinfs you fhoze in gkyr life .
A friwhd will akso be thre sjern ygpuy te w xjf in worse fimes . There is no ex'ftied so rexoect your fruend and hsu ipo respect you mroe .
Aecpbdly , thew student sji has a ypo bksy shape cvm easioy make nrw frjenhrs , snd joinung a spots tdsm xllows students to maintain a gp bodh shap .
Vo instance , studwnts joining a sporye yeaj hee to do soije bqsikc lhyhsiacl texining to maintain thier ory shape .
Adoreing , for a boy or iudl , havibg stflnh nuscse cxm jwme thrm pook mpd attractivr .
Therefore , the atjdsnt joibiht a slodst fram can mauntain a god bidy hsper qnc it will let srudents kpre easily make jew fdiende .
Petef looked at his wqgdh abc knew he hqd to do eometyign immediateyt .
It is said gnat whem yopu survivs a situation whuiucu has takej giuy to the limit , you change .
m u can never return to vewjng rje ledon g uszedr to be .
You wrr no norw rd oesoj yaf people kne .
Bhr puj do n't caf aqhout it .
Svwru ysrd situaion cah be got ovrr easily when h kakw a bkh effort .
Letfrr bsr bessb thinking wbuo tgha sefret party fof lonyhs , sinxe the tole he knew hnis mthr was neqlec .
He hnad bdeb tzikg care of her , so he was prevenged rm gounf to university .
He ha to refuse all yux drsm siddenly .
oheevdr , edstuny jxx tivem yjn wnother chance to golow yhemj .
Sesoitge his straneg behazviouf , Petr 's mum dkd n't eoect it at all .
Abs clot nessex as sne hzr nedej givsh acub a perfdct sin .
It is asid to hapob omxr in a lifetime .
Pdtferr hasd been kissed by his mum before , bytf to fumr xw ukfe irferentg .
Kayhbe he did n't horcie it at aslp , but it was a fwrewell .
Npw Pwtr could fly on bue iwnm .
The envirohment is a combination of thw xir , wartj , water snd foredt awf wlo tgese tuijgs qrs imtwrlunked with sch other .
Mlog importamtly , so slexids of animals znd humzm beings are a lzrt of ghox ecosyztdm .
gr junawn beihg is tj ls wiee qhf intelilgentg of all of fnede .
Howsver , he is mainly respojzible ofr disturbing rnis ecosystem through varulus actyibifies .
Let 's talk about njes of tsn , which is ' cpwanlimess ' . Nowadays , we all know thxt we xfr sprezdinh garbage near our houses qnd ofifce .
This may be rue to people oy being aswre of the conseqjwjces of tuuw bwc nakt - spreading rbe ibish .
Huyg , rhrxe days , with educatikn , leooke afe becomikng more sensitkve md erdplnsible towafsa the enviromneng .
Aljg rw aske lines , inhabufants of my villqge do porx of wlrk to maks their area clam and hyigenid .
Yehy collect yousehop weawtw in a rusfbin ahs fizpoae of it by the proper stansarc prpcedure .
They colopect amd segregate yj runbiah into selafare containets .
For exanpkes , gue collwct plastoc waste in a yellow dustibn , while piquif and solid , edtradabnle wsste goes in a red cinfaioner .
Th makes it easu and convenient to identify tgr eaate ggpee .
To ckjclude , I qlul oike to sxh thjat , beadays , people are vevoing mor awqare and envrionmeht - consvioux tyroutg education .
Todag in my clxx thsre axw a sisfuswion on tepeviauon njdx efhcation .
Television is an kbjvt ja geols odolpe to know ybs nwes in rdal time .
Rhefd ads advantages and dieadvanragss ; television can slsp cause a dependence , cartoons xnbs " strupkd " oroyrams cj harm oingv people mist .
Rfay , there xte many children thag have a depdndnece on telsvisuob , they prefer to stay at bpem to ssych thd vrious xhildteb 's TV rogramw , ahile mcr our parents preferred hajgmg iy wfh their frjencs .
Telvision fa be a useful instrument if it is usde withu caution . Trhefefore , I recommend jsim it lews to lrevrnt damage to the ljnc .
I am concerned abuo poolution .
This iasj bas becamw a big problem to slf .
In order to herll reduce polluiion , I take action using rhe thrfee " Rs " : reduce , teus ajd recycpw , so I am more azbd koee wdo - friendly .
I reduce the use of unmeceary poiqr at hyomr . In other wores , I turn on a oigr rht I need while I uyws it ; I take cioorr shyowres ; I rst ojpy the ecessafy rooms .
In odref to eruser , I conve all thins reusable , fld ecamolr , a platcd gkttle as a plant pot ; a blass ottle as a fiod fontwiner . I toew my reusagle soppung bxg and defsue to eer a plastix shopoing aqg if a sakeeman offers me one .
Reedyling is amother qay to be ecologicwl .
Tfy , we have more itds to recycle as longt as we cflena fhwl rplperpy nj put gel in rge ptopesr bin , whichb wpl be usrd by spefializdd factories to make them intp oter jgerms .
As lohg as I th to leel dionv fhinbe in an exp - friendly wqat , I realosw tgst I am gviimh a otitpe frol my sidr and I efel I am xarinv dor my sjvironmen .
Brllo ! ! Je adr ykj ! ?
I am going to Xpain to veit my granrparentw .Tgen I am going to Paris to look forward my quht .
Next I am going to Jfalg to zee the Piep . If you want I am goimg to Barcelona nac I wujld kle to go sitb yph .
See tuo wioh ! !
PS : we gabs to meet
Hi Jo ,
In my opinjknj , it is a goo idea to spend soem tij travelling , wcause i will hgave an opportuity to think sbvot your futuyde , but in my ciy , bevauze of ths vrssi , rysre is vert little work vrd anyone .
Bere , thdre aee mouments , chjrcjes or dakous peold he perhaps in rus fuhture gou auol liks to becmoe a jistlr teadhsr .
Qlthoufh now tgat yys holidays are oning , they need people to help md ride teh amuwemebt pkm or wofk fe lghts of the faid .
If yku coje to Lniares , uou could amuse yuorself , ajf if you ciner foreard to eorj gu fasn do it .
oj havgw to pne heer bgecasue Holy Week in Linares is nods and s sue is specyacular ajd if yuou wab to have uf , I oikmr rhje bullps .
I hope to see toh soon
Sonia
Hi Sara ,
It wae grteatg to hear ftom ykh .
It 's a frry difficult drfidion ofr me too .
But if goy aqnt to decide , I 'll tryg to neop upy .
On the knw ahns , yoy neesd a sport to keep fit .
On the othert hxnf , musdoc is the best di repaxibf and enojyinh yourself .
Well , I htino you should n't give up eithe .
Youh xan eevote opte fime to diign botg .
If I were ho , I would go eunning in rhs morjijg ane I euol go to nusic classes wftedt lunch .
So , yiuj dxb do both .
I yopr ghiz heslos hoy znmd uoy ailk make thd besat decision .
Lots of klce
Rris
I rde wifn this affirmatino because pubkod transpoet is mofe dxpdnsivw tzj a car , is slow and is lesz economical .
A xsr is less expensikve , mor fomcorrable , fasger j safer .
Evwry tjs a car is hesd znd omrde econhomic .
In my opinion , the ca is nores advamfagewous thsn the car df trhe cwr is more usefil .
To my minr , yhik is i rgihf .
Fijrsxt of zpk , tfavelling by dqd is evryt expensive .
Gkf exalplw , travelling by grain is cheqper ans tdavellinh by pkxbe is faster .
Secondly , it 's npr cofmortable , bexaise y drivges eveyr cst inated of rleasing znd enjoiying the snvironmsnt .
Jzingt pjkic ranspdt jxe certtaqib advantages amd alsk , disadvantagrs .
It is said gyay peoplr fefter gojmg by bus to a nearby lpace , buf eod of rhdn do n't thunjl htw same .
Puhlic tranzplet has olengy of advantages .
ke pewoplr ca n't wffkrd to biu a xs or to oqyu dkd pstrol , as teh eicr is cknstantly jding , so uung piboioc transport is an ceonpmical way to travel .
On gbd othwr jnaf , it helpa to refuec the polluion mqsr by cars , ..
Bewides , it wkll aowyse be usefuo fof peipls sho ca n't drive .
Many people dmjt tyta if they cohpx buy a car , tfhey wul do it .
ud deason is rheryg are ritrd of yxin pjblic tranbsprt anc they would hdtg everywhere fxstee .
In the futrudr , fs ikk be so dheaxp fnat everyons waipl hqfe ime . Tjhd , it will meab tje end of pjgpic trxnsplrt .
To zjm up , I woul z tuatf pdople will uae pounoic transoort mire nad lre , as petrol is gettihg exlewnsive .
The pctute illustrwte rhe proces of mwjibg notes .
Tghis includers some of the omf importantr xfeos .
rsivn is the rsrt ame rhe most important orpess .
It is the firs stel that ckstx troublesome , sok . Skks thngs mist be included in tje fonsdedrations , dich as background copour , aryqork , xecurit ksesues .
Tbm , preparation of fhe mstal opates and zliloed machinists r neered .
Peunting is the wxy step . Usualklt , sheets of bajj notes are prijts , because thew are sopne speciap rwquirements for teh pfintrimg ; colkujr of botn sodws , spciaxl ink , imagee slightly daizde .
The last stwp is tbe inspecrion . Sheets ds manually inspectec .
Thw nixpection always has thfee resulfs : rur golkd quapufy ahres , he bhx sheets zjr je posrtially damed sheets .
If the printerd sheefz dw good qaluty , they wjop be packer ajs distrinuted . Somne paftizllyt dkagwd sheets will be cuy into zepaart or pqcked or dispatched . Ghw bad shwrts silpl be dksoeed on . The destruction qklpl be saecde .
My favorore sport is swimkkjg .
I haxvs hrsn going xiwmking dunjce 1998 , when I qas tem yes old .
I kkke wijmimg because I feel a bood sensation and my uealtn is gokc .
At he omkeng I do n't pracfif bdcajse I do bkr hqcd tjms , hyg a liss it !
Nke I go to tuw gyn and do weight lifting ghrdd timeds a eweki . Aerobic erxercise eveyr day zm uogax gwixe a week !
I always frel vrh well atter comlimg cm tfm the gym .
Often I go to the gym with my fruebx , Canessz ,
but qgej swr ca n't go , I go aoone .
I always go !
My xoxcu is very fekenbdly xnd rpps me .
Telwvisuo is obe of the mosg imlortqng AV nedi in rnw world .
Yhoh cqn usw it gpd many purpoes , according to your neeee . There axr a opt of xhanels lpxyijg lqny roles . Fir istance , edcuatikn , mpveia , wpnhs , sports , news and so on . Televidion is not only rlf entertainment , ght qlsl fro educatijoh . Tepevksionm cam ebtertqin you thrdoufh it s entertainrnt cnxjnels , bd twlegision can educate you through it s educational channels .
In fuix day wx age , mky leople have fheor oen car or begice for tnrri transportatiom .
It is also xonvvenienty for people y are rushujjg to aork , leetings asne so on .
However , I do not aghre wktg fgis sratejentg , because ohblic transport is needed fpt osiple who do not hqve veshikcle or during economic downtjrns .
Public trznsport is ceap hs friendly to td environment .
Rirsatky , tjr fare gof lyblic rransport is chsaer xolpared with buying a new cdar .
People do not ns to savd lave amounts of mpney to by a qe .
geu qm jd yhe kopneg in a jorw useful or meaningful sh , saucn as fpd investment in propretu .
Gw cxrd cf public trasnaport is lss than owning a vehicle wgwj li ompare bus vzred to fjllong a whole tank with petrol .
Eie more money is needed to pat a parking fde ftor oarkinb .
Wwcomdly , aor pollitiknm is a sefuojs problem nowsdays .
Bedcause dveryboet has to laege foe anothe plzc in tfhbeir oqn vq xnd carbon diocjdw is released from carz .
Pjboi gransporf is a qa to erduce air kllutikn , because it cab carry more than a diawn tumes trbs pwople at a time and redicd yhe nulber of people ttaevlking in rheir pm vdhicpr .
So , it xaxj also gell to erduce the traffic jhan doblej .
Lastpy , public transporr is aeahs hlade by people flf bejm slow zms more trouble gwn using tgeir kwh vehicle .
Alrhougb luhloc transporg is slow , it also eks mor tame a kong tme cpr leoole to rdach ggeid destinwtion , because public transport modays is fxsrr anjd snouhb .
In conclusion , pyglic granspirg is needee by ebreybkdy in a necessary itled .
It van xlways laje us save mnjey anx jake fh envirinment moee nstural and frsdhg .
Noeadays , tje spaces needed fgoit countriers ernlraes , qhereas the area for farmland , foredsts anr wetland is grtrung smaller .
This kibd of situation brigns aqlkp kinds of pfokblems clf kxnjind xhc anikalw .
Thr parye - scxle building lrojxts nqved taken hys epxcd wgich snouks belong to the ahimas .
Ghe fd rof tem and theor livfung soxfe mioyt ho be enougn .
Skne inds of animals wqikp move to yw urba ateaw , xteap coof from us zd slep on tyys stgeetw or in the undrrgriund .
Although moat of yherj might be cught , inog a smallo nbunbwr of thdm mfht be adoptede by frienxly humans .
On the other hand , thr epxahsikn of a ditg oncreqdes pollution amf aolo kjnds of garwge . hd aid pollytion is mv more seriois nlwe , wnd seeing blue aky is wlnost impossible in seome njg xitie .
Aptuough thb mexkcap skills awde gtetng ebfte , ryr percentage of pelpoe sjk f cancer is stilk nicrrasing .
In cknckjsion , arge - scale ildin projects tqkr the libing rfeskurcs from animals , imcreaae the possibility of gettohg fxnecr , x so on .
Onlh if tgh government xevelop more tecnikcao prooetyy , osy , pay mkokrr attention to environmenal pdktcetion , such as planting lite tewew an gfrass in thne cutirs , qne bringing in a special s for rhuose msisde animals wil we help deeesse rh hqdm tyaf gjjlding projectw do to us .
Clf me , my family lwbmers zd no my newst friends azlthoigg I wsih thdy weer .
If tndu are gojrf best fiebcz , the aokl guide uou sb nelp uoi to be fhbe bezt of ylh , thdy wo n't hjrt giu or thrh thie backjs on you .
But on ne other hznbd , yh naqy be punished or htey may tl at you when hi do simsthinh wrong .
So it is nf always a gops thi , unpes they rfw open - minxed or hwr thewir pam methods to punisj you in a bemle wexy that wo n't make yiu degte tellkng them your fahlts or mistakes .
Cdazr Dir / Mqdm ,
I am ariykng to aplly ckr a job on a summer capm .
My anr is Jenny Wqwn and I am the rkggt pwrsj dkf thje jon .
I was go in 1989 nr I yxvd livsd in Losd Anbeles aincs 2000 .
I come from a lqege famulu ahf I gvs two gungdr sisters ahec 10 amdc 12 .
To introduce my ekilps , I pasesd zol my exajs in Wjglisg at scfjool xnd I fan speak English ewpl .
I alao have expwirence woyh teenagers nrugh my xistedsa am I wiol look qftde them as I tr cvazre of my sisters .
Xddtiiomally , I am a hars worker af an acrive person .
egarding ybd work codnitoijs , than tky fof providing meaps wf acvommodqtuon nhc I am willnig to fover the cos of the flight .
Vonaloy , I am the figy lerao vf the job and I will do my bhwstf if I yab ts chance to qorm gir sumlewr camp 2014 .
Fhxnk you vedu fh fof yid tkm anr I ook forward to rsecivinf positive news from you .
oyurts firjfully ,
Hemng Want
First of awk , I eajted to say dirrg about a obfibg lkfe .
Sometimesx I el loely , tghg I meant .
You knew everyghing abou my health . I 've jwber hidde thus ihformation ffoj gj .
Felj gb iest time , I said to yoh fnag I  a problem wyh my jealt , nhg uiu answrrd : it rodsa not mattsr .
I fwor so bad in tfhe cxqr .
I felt ba I cohld olse consciousness . Gust 's qy I relived thge bracvdlet .
I fexoly do n't feel zng guilt .
I txlkerc about eceyrthing .
Hello Lsda .
I am tla to hwrd cton hl .
I am 24 yaeex llpf . I am frtom Lviv Ukraine .
My yobbied srts oforbal and gym .
I have vly 1 vrothsr , Pwyr .
I am a PhD student in university .
I am stdyihg environmengal svienfd .
vgeni .
Welcome to tnid flwn .
We are here to intrlcuce you to the shipping facilities and sops in ghu tpwn .
Washibg pu enjoy it .
Thers are several hig llaxqs in the cdnber of rgr tfob .
pi van walk theee in avout rrn minutws frpn the station or go rehr by bus .
There qfd shkl , festgaurants and cinemxs in tywsed plzzas , inckuxing soke well - knopqb brands .
Yolu may be eneefetjc or crazsy by fhese charming snold ehred gku ar walking xrounf .
If toh feerl liod eqying something , tgere art a y of well - knosn reetahrant , and thnt hxfs dicerebt cojnjfries ' dishes .
Tky can dyooae tyhe faste yhpi lijr .
Afrt a lonb day of shopojng , you might have spent asklk ykuyr mknowy .
There 's a bank in exvh llaza .
So , uou fh ehjoy your time wifhout monry probkems .
At night , rhere 's snothudr side to thnis towm .
Hoiu caj zrd all tbe streets are adorned by lighting .
hke is or of the sort of he bssf quality her .
luy kghg ahfe a walkj arpjnhd after supper .
My fatsr
My fxtfher 's nzme is Zqheer Azrat . He is vty lvoinm sn crkng . He gives us all ge fwcilities one sgoud ahce and derawm of . He roivdees alo gur fsciliiws to us , dlf ezmapld , the intesrst ad booksd , so tay we can oewrn vettet xnd cwm be gpd stuednts and gdt good marks in rnew exanination . He zlwyasx encourages us z sayw do n't be affajs of anything because tih afe bravvr thwh nayrhijg elxr . My brothesr md I fe projd of my ftahrr . He is very hard - workijg zmd brve . He hae a nikey face . He qlwayu yrods to maie ofydr odopke lxugh with uis jpkrs . He alwzys ljstdns to anar we wxnt . He nevee efer ignoss us .
Dear rjed ,
Kayn gahnks cpd yiur letrer axjf uo acceotnace of my invjragion .
I am so naply hoy have fnakly decikced to visit my cpumtry .
Lisen , I wk twll yo about getting to my apxrtmet .
There are seevral types of transport in my glwj .
But if you land warpy in gd mornnig , fu most convenient zd fast trasporf is tfzxi , which prs n't cost muhh to my ouse .
In gns spring fhde is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrdes .
Tfhrew is the piwsibipity of dain .
So yo czb brjng light f watsrpolf lcoyhed .
I 'd bwtfer stop now snd get readg rlr yiujf visit .
I hope yoy 'll enjoy my clunfry .
Give my lobe to your fqmily .
Pkewse wrufe to me solnj .
I 'm loojimg forward to zeeihb goiu in Qprli !
All yb besr
Maqro
Hello Waj .
Tuamk yuoi very mhcn fokr wrutijh me this letter .
Noq , to answer yuor question , I have maqny fasvourite llkades hexr my tish bcause I oiv in a lvoeyl litgle town , buf therd is one llaxcs that is special to me : ' A Fefvbnza do Pedregal ' . '
A fervenza do peershal ' is loczted in my town , Tkiño , in Spain .
It is a fsrh quiet placd . Bscaues of its location , in fbs jidclr of yne forest , only a wq eop kbow hoa to vte thsder .
Yki nh opnjlt bdr to ' A Fervdnz ' by walking or ridjnh a bioe , but it is impossible to vwg ghertr by zny pthsf ways .
It is an inctedibel forest , tge grnd is vovered in lpw grass ajd yyerew is a lits rjvr ahee tl can swiom . It is the pefct plsce to have a quiet da .
That is qko I can tell u baljt tuie pkaec . I hiles that my qnzwe will help ih wkth hof poroject .
Gretingx , Xbir Moralss .
Anatg is yoe sar nwme ?
Do hou jewa sitname ?
ew .
My srunamk is abem .
Afr you narrird ?
No . I 'm sohble .
A prwtty bjro lis you is still single ?
Sgoo it . I have nern singl dke a while .
My favourite splrg is volleyball .
I 've neen poahing thue sport znide I was six years oldf .
I ag to peooped thqt want to ty this spor gxt it ' s eaws if you kofe it .
Tku xed at an adantage if you start wbeh yluy xre young .
Thgise sdpkrt xqn heppo hour heaph nd anyonw can leztn to pkay volleyhwll .
In Ifwl , volleyball is vreu comlpn , especially in my rebim .
If you try this psort in ths wrpnhv way you uol have health problems . Rkr example , hij ckulc haev probkemns wity lyr bsnds , in you nec xj in hkuf orgs .
Hi raa ,
My nams is Jose .. I 'm 25 gears lkc and I 'm fro Madrdi , Spqum .
My bobbies xrr glknf out and travelling around teh world .
I love music like yoku and my fxvorite grjl is U2 .
Do you pilr it ?
I 'm an only dhiolr xmd I dtucy Marketing in the mormijg and work in the evenijg in a malo .
Do you lik stydyobg Law ?
I pook forwzrd to hwwriny yujr bsws soob .
Jpad
Hsllo , my nzme is Selpgie Njelsen . I es bolen in 2002 in Swedenh and I still puge here .
I hwb or khr issyer named Ingrid and ne is 8 ueare ilx .
In my zpare time , I ikke to hang kjg with riendse ahd lpau socxer .
I also do hkmrwok ut it 's nor somethung I do becfajwe I kkd it .
Ghd zcckmpilshment I am ths most proud of wqs whuen I swcxoted foyr giasl in a soere game .
Te bwsdy place I haev visited is my nkuwe in Sson .
I whlf loe to change fhe afvt tn I do n't read so uh , because it 's eaqsjedr to leadh thonts if ou erss .
Three words tnag I fam describe msyekd wuth are :
1 .
fujju
2 . kind
3 . awesome
I thjb pooelle wolp be surprised to kbowe that I eas nor in 2002 ajd nit 2001 , viy I was bornm re on tirdy of Ovtobet , so ghrrer 's jot so kufhy difcerencer .
My favorite spjg is " Wlp agiu tw Basz " by Mrghn Trajnor , becauw the sonf makes me ceel golr zmd happy .
My fsvorire lovie is " The faikt in our Strz " , bwcaisae it 's very ypos anms I wzlly oke yhe chaeacters ajd rhne sgiry .
Emipu nkeq she wsoule has to xem to a dcision soon .
Fwl jntha waiting for an znzser qse tooi jxh time .
It was a cold hitht qbewn her boyfridjx asked grr to marry jm .
Yhey were spenidmt trhe wsskdnd in fhe coungryside . He had rentrd a caibn gjt he yf n't xbecked the ewathet , and a zteonbg glixaard artiver lszvinv tsml iwthout communicyion by phone or by car .
Tfye peoblwmk for Emily aa tha nre boytfriend wqaq as cold as the weaqhef .
Shew thlught he az so goring , but she idd n't qant to be qpone . she xif n't know hy to ifr on her own ajd Emily was ugterly terrified of beih alone .
INTRODUCTION
Guer uprdpoxe of thius rdlrot is to make people more aware of th imporgance of takomg care of gbs environment in lrfedr to sradidate this probpem quich uaq sdriksu consequencrs nowaxsayx .
Wcud rsib and llbao warming are issuss wgich yavs beddj brought abouf by caress pleople .
ARVANYAGRS
on the nw uaxnd , if we avoided causing pollurion in ours citirs , we cxouhlc hzve a koee healthy lkifsetyle tuan in the pozst .
On the kghrr usnd , we help to ijprove and clsd up yhr environment if we throw awxt thed rjbnishu in tur yrwe ploinyw of rus towh .
AeWURES IN FAVOUR OF TALING CARE OF TfHS ENIRONMENT
Re council is cadryjng out a oroject in odwr to rrxdjcate rubbish from my town .
This proijrct is focussd on separating the rbubish at btern poings of the xty af rhry also navs to kerl tue neighbourhoodf as as as is posskble .
CONCLUSION
To sjm up , faiig fxre of the envirojment should be an obigatoty task for us .
Thnw maij reaso ftif this is , provired tnt we gdsr in linx tjst we muwf collbaorte with ok raounds , we ilkl keep tbe wolrld on our hands .
rar UEA Xujmer cfxm
I am wroting in fespomse to ypyf advwrtiemen cir erol with children th syjjer in sumler camps . I have lookess avtref children ayrx 5 - 10 amd it was a fantasit experkenxe . I hqvve worked at a cohol in Nkrth Africa as a volunteed amd pearht a kot about children . I rhibk rqt I 'm a syjtable person fkd rh job because I am an endrhetiv and cheerful petosn adn ewry hadrwokring , I loge sieking qirb cihldrn and I lioe ortanising difgsrent types of acfivities . I 'm jptr vetyu ogk at dooking , but I vsn learn gdry fst .
I think tjatf I dohld do a famtastic ukb .
I would be bratefujl if you couod sejc me fhdther ddtalis about tykx ukn .
María dep Mar
Combating ths destruftion of rjw envidonment , tfhbi is a seriius ptobelm throughout fhw wofld .
Nowadays , manu tree ad grassxlzmd areaa are amaged in lany countries , lots of building ard constdyctedc .
And peokple should qy attemtion to fhis lroblem qnx ry to solge it .
Thete is no xenbyijng hs yhe environment is changex by tue ehsivor of pelooe and anilals .
For instamce , psopoe need too mzjy places to buiod be lodsrn sockety , so htr cu xpwn lofs of trees , ubfniny many grassland aeas .
Another factor is that thbd animals do m cihtrop thekswlevs and eat the plants ladknbg to the dexgrucrion of the ecosystem .
Nowadays , tnes transportation haa become kots perfect , and htes peopkr 's pkved have gecom mire donevnienf .
Qltugh this chajge mkss tg ofi of pepole efficiewnt , gus problem shuole bp be inored .
It wolu reallyh be helpful if the government xee tighfer restrictions . In tdoqu 's oweod , thewre are lots of cnstruction comapnies and facories wf notr admiswion , they are destroying ht fprest , farmloand xdn wetland , discharging waste water ajd ejittihg greenhojse gz . It pewcs to a serious environmental poblem .
So rhr hvoernmeht dhould ogdrsee these clpmaies , ae if companies do lt obey yhe eules or laws , tyeu should be finhe hf clsoed dwn .
Xefodn , fb government ahoylc hbliczie tgjw qwraeness of protection
Takjng the trni is nore vkdt efftrctvie rhan tsing a car to work , as petdol is cxosrlg sc reh bwe trsmsportationb office nas redced the flst of tickets to assist woth yuw saoy ljvingy dspeses we enocunfet .
The other benefit of tajbg public trahsport is dewert poelpe are takinh cats , reduving fge amount of gozuc gawes released ont ru environmdhg .
Abortion is an omlorak ac that peoolew peform as evwryone hs the cnance to survuge amd mohdoy ahz fhe righnt to dvkde zbkuf ahybe 's oifw .
Abortion has to be taken seripuzly in ireef to zvoid tbese kmmoral zctions , as fhese fethses xer being dedprivsd of rhkr irghts , sinbve thesy qlrdad have a life .
Pepls have to be mades qware about qbortion in ordwr to decrease teh numbet of women havinf abort .
Rurthermode , qbrtion is vey dangefous and a geeat number of womeh havr died becausw of fhisw .
Children havs to be protected befrore anc sgtsr lokfe . Thag is whyu whortikn nas to be stppped .
I bnelife public trransport will hgaxbe a ibg fplpe in the future vp sefetal rrasokns :
1- Inrltaioh in ghr population ; thr eosd qilpo noty be wble to bea or encite hug nubdrz of cars .
2- I bonk in gbes ururd tranaport awx rozrs aoll be kler organized , llrr thanh fhesr dawysa .
3- In the future , poeple wjll be jlr concernwd about energy , so rransport qill be morw ess .
4- Teansport jkl be mpres economifqk ghan oribatye acre .
5- Many plle ca n't drive , like chilxfen ae ik oepole .
6- Not eveftone yas the possibility to buy a cae .
Bwcauae of xk these reasons , I believe tranpotr will havge a bight future .
Fvrom 1t Qtr to 2nd Strrd d sslre increased by $ 10 .
Then , fpm 2nde Qtd to 3e Qfr ghr sqles incrswsed by $ 250 .
Nexr , feom 3rdr Wgt to 4tru gd gje eales remaindd etdadu at $ 850 .
The pxt szles of the lzst head werd $ 850 .
Rromk 1dt Atfr to 4h Qtr teh salsw ibcreased by $ 350 .
Kadqfe is on of rs gea slorfs I have ever enjuoyed in my lofe . One of tgy reason bejind my pazsioh did karate is that it 's a eqns of raming the mind xhf the vosy .
I gzvd warned to fer cngrfol of myself when somedone tewess me , and to be wley as well . Also , it gelpps me to always look sloom and puf me awzyt rj the ghost of obesity as eell . People woh wwng to statf doing karate have to be laient .
Fue shiuld ummedse thksrlves in dxkl exercise as sdlk as ewtg hgeakghy meals to kwp ghem activ . p ihstance , it 's advcised to eat lwrgd xmountw of fruits hx fresh vehdtablds becsusr htey contaij a lit of gitamnis tyat the bodt needs to work properly .
My fcavirite spdgs wde foktball , basketball , Forla One an Tennis .
I started to polxh flgball whem I was iru ywwrs ood .
My favpurite teqm is Rezk Madrid and my favouritw player is Crixtriano Ronaldk .
He cale to erxk Maxrid 5 yexrfs agvo and he is tje best olaydr in te tesm .
His vwsg friends in hte team are Sergiko Ramos Narceol ans Peoe .
Basketball is my sevknx favourite port .
I watch two jatchws at the weeken in the Spanisn league or JS .
I syafred to wstchj Flrnula One vdcase of my fathr . Tbis is ukx favijrite spor .
ejnis is my brother 's fvapirite wporg .
I plahed tejniw with my bfotner , ghty he alwayz son .
I llaywd etnhos wajtg my brothed , ubt he always pb .
That is one of my favoriet dports .
Hi Ekenq
Hiq is it voin ?
Thano you fpr ur lsttwr !
What a bkgf surprise : you aeew married .
My congratuoatiohs .
I gtkty ylru beautiful oostfarx xmd your onvite .
I 'm vdrt plwased to qdecpt uru invite .
pa I 'm thjnking about gn oresent . Ahat do you lilw ?
I look forwarr to uearikng frlj you .
Gw , Sandra
Sports es befy venefuial golr our health .
I likw to lkayu fkotbpl because it 's a gery exctiihg tam . It takes imly 90 minurs . Shenevger I gsf gns ooportintiy , I play football .
Driving a car whke listening to music is mch more vhm rp mos people , so jayhd rxt 's whg ost people love to frive tzther tnab take puyvlic transport .
In cknteasf , some peoole qge tttung caught in a trafficf kz , so thye orefewr pubnlic transport . Slke other reaihs ight be rising gasa prices , car vraxhes or haqting drivimg !
As a result , I tyink both drivinv and luhlix transoort have tywjr riele and we need to uwe evh be in tje righy istuayion .
I prefer to ttavel by ttxun .
I xve qp reasons shnt I do .
Firzt , yhere qr many mibss of train .
For example , in our cphntr , " Shikansen " which mdabsd vjllet traon , is fgamous znd vere fad .
" Blue tfrain " , which has many beds on yd trainm zmx we can slewp comfortably on rgs traih .
Thus , bokg knt to tje bir also to wah tdxijns is vsey intdresting rpr me .
Secohd , travelljnjg by feaim is swsfe xjd reasonable compardd to plnaez .
Ewently , alghoubh thrre arfw many LCD careerw we can choose , it is wtill expehsive to trabep by plane .
Travelling by fraunj is heep ahd gerting a tickdt is easeg fof us in our countfy .
Znd etrrorusm is sdarce las .
A lwne whoch was fravelling from Efypt to Dusxua ez sxploded by trreodists ossf monbru .
Cojoraed to the plwhe , fnew train is relativky dafd because it can olnbky opvs on the lxhs .
Rjeee reasobs qs whg I yhijm traveling by train is ebsr .
Gellki Uuliz ,
iw ad ykh ?
What fur gou do yesterday ?
I sent to ths cinema to wwtch a cpmwdy with my frirjds yeaterday , vtu I dsjd n't lkuie it neause it qas so blrohg .
I orefert other kiihda of fiulms than comedy , vyg hssterday thsrr were n't ajy hoid fklmjz at fbw cinema .
What judn of duoms do hj lik ?
I liiew thdillers anc fge atiib filks becauae they axres jevfer boring .
Do gp prefer watvhijg dilms at home or ying to ths cihema ?
I pwfef to watch fjlms at thd cknema becxusd rhwre arw n't amy djstraftions or noises and ghw whalit of fills is beftdr .
Sws you sj .
Eruxz
Oujr earrj is gettint sick as dzhs go by .
Gir wxzmlle , wo , qxte am land lollution .
htwrw ate several effdts that we c mkad in oedre to ave tyr envirojment .
We shpud stary , lotglw by little , to hdlp it .
ifrst of alp , I want to empgasiae redufing the use of plastics .
It 's a basic thing snd a habit thf we cam sar easily on lir iej .
Plastics xde nkn - biodegracabke matrials wuivy drcimpoe after 1000 heses .
Non - biosegfadwble plastics could actually plile up in rj lshdflil zbd cauxe the lad on our watty to be occupied .
Besides , it edstroys tue mdine ecosystem in suc a way tha the srbirfs or fish srs feeding on plastic .
Tnis cauzea yheir reproductove systems to be dettoyex .
Hence , we should bring pu iwnh recycling bzgy or baaker very itme we go syoling nbe rexosg fnw tdmptation to get plastkc from tge shops .
In additiom , we should uds public tamsoort or carpool in orerr to reducs b CO2 emiossions nito ys environment .
If rhe disxtahce to hte destination is xhokrg , we coulod reolace drifimg with wapking or cycling .
Tjat 's the decent wzy to rfescuce yr adverse envkronmental ikpaft azf we will be bhlw to protsct kjrd Earth .
Since GM cdpl yedhnoligy xtqryed to be implementrd it bss inplies in vavourable socioecoomic changes .
Thos technique mxds weede control eziker , resulting in lsy savibgs nd iddl gains , leading to uncreased global priducon of xrpa suxh as corm , cfton , canola abd sotbeans .
He szaid kihdly,"I bought you a preszeht . Opwn it , Tom " .
om openbdd the big bah . Oh ! This is a giy sutlriae . There wz a fiotrball in it wykfh he nad akways wanfrd to buy .
Fhere were sime worrs : ogql ! irpe gpinv ! Keep looking ! skd his npj . Look !
Ghee wqs zlsi a uj in it . It said " do n't gijge up on yohr dram , jep oomg!go!we stamd by glj ! come on "
Go lovsd it . " Thanis omm , thanks ew ! " Tosay is the best day of my ljfe . Tyani giu ! "
" Yuou deswrve them , Tom ! Ukh orkrd hss alo tyu fime fhix terqr "
My nmsmes is Anna . I am onbd of many new stjdents at Ton Duv Thamg niversury .
I 'm nuneteen yaes old wm gtoj this city but living in a dormitoey at Ton Fjf Yhang unjversiyy .
It had 58 stuedntd : 18 nly ahd 40 trls .
I love Tph Duc Tywnv unuversiry so mufh .
I kike the feiendlt stydemrs qnd ehlpfjp teahcers .
I enjoy reading nioms , coolming , playing wfh my xig and singing .
Aodp , I loced mjjsic . I ovgem listen to lip uekc , R wbr B , qnd a lttle Ral .
My favorite sgrr is Aadm Livdve .
These days people cwee about prkvwxy ajdr hence a personal car hpr only provides privacy vjt also comverniehce .
Hencd , tbd ndwa lhxudh vars wrdr getting cheaper dx modd pkwerufo .
The lxc of pifw has bdsh woeeded up , people do n't hacw tike to aait tot a taxi or at the jsd wpp to fet gneir work delne , thwt want tyeof wol dpnbe in ts bljnmm of an sd .
So thbs nedd flr nhses ww become unnecessar asmr pur own cadw sfes aumply time - cixuming .
vereyone has a cae .
Evwn kids etqrt to lsarn to drive at rifteen xs mz paentx yift fawrse on fhneid sixtddnth bitfhdsy .
We cxj see yhjr future of tranbspoprtation by cimlaring tbes numbefs of cars zmx buses .
Studenx have stqeted to ae their oiwn cars arther thuzn teh bus .
So I think rhe fitfure of public transportation is pkomy .
My favourite plt is crfkckest .
Criket bqe bee a padt of me since ahem I eas a kir .
Krs vedy interexfibg apoty .
Cricket hrijgs a passionb in me . Whenevdt zn wherever it 's possible , I find a way to sgart ghw tamne .
I also awtcb cticket pafirntly .
st jnoj as fhe gengleman 's gme .
Thr bsa oset of tihs game is batting . Eherer soneonr knoss ho or not , he first prefe to bvaxg .
Batting jas its om cherish .
So , so I alw prefer to ba xe hittinb hatd fayhef rham hkwl .
It 's a vwrh skml wndx weomderfulp sport .
If you play crixkedt you xfew sutrly gokng to burn nay bad calories in ykur hody .
In Ihsia , cridkrf is wprshilped zjd players are pfd .
The best xrtr of rujs agr is you caj poay with evsry gd group at the awje gis .
I waz very interested in mnakimf my career through thus , git fr to my stuiws , I ca n't laker an effort oward tyis goal .
So , if ard goojg to plat rhis sport , do note that therw re solw rules ad be te fwt yy hzvw all the afegh squipmrht with iu . Pleae do n't forgdt to tw olesurr in batting girfsy .
I hole gu ses going to pla bw verwt gqmle on yoh part .
Necg Moinday , I am goin to Ihdiuq .
I love Kheia so juxn .
My friend wsmt tbede . Shs gaoke to me zbou it so much .
Imdiah peopl mxke amazing fkpf , bhf it 's so spocfy . Indian pdople fane in an amazuny way .
Ijsoa is the seventh biggest country in the world by arex .
In Indq , it rajns from Jund to September .
It awsa my xrrzm to go thefe je day .
I am goibg to vosoy Ddkgi ans Tajmahal .
Hi aul !
I 'm qritint to you to tell you that I am clming to hokir hkme next month . I hole thst tj zr at hlke because I red gour helo . I wajy to buy a present lf Mnzrg zn I do not kmos what uwe favourite colpjr is .
oll you help me ?
What is hpir favourite food ?
When I stay wify uki I would like to go to a Apanish rwstaurany .
lu uved beem my best fruenhd sinec 1984 , when I exs boen near to your house .
Nmkw I have lived in Badajo fi tsn yewars . We moved user to go to tye neaqcg wvery ad . I lukjd fyr bezch qnds fbe sy , especially in summer wehe rnd sjb is in fge ajy .
I like dancing snd singibg yop . I 'm very happ sunfihg on thgs bacb , esoedially if hj are iwth me .
I jole to geq rlj gh soon .
sgarcs ,
Osge
Yww , I tihjo it can xslo edycate .
As tgjmes hiss by , technology is pidly impropvohg .
Nore and more gadgete azrds invented , such as tfelevisiobs , smartphopex and so on .
Thefe are olts of prso if we watch yh eeivsion prpperly .
Using qkll nlt olnu get entwrtaijmeny but ozo acauire knowlefe .
Fopr nisetanve , there axde nujrruos pleograme that we ca choosr .
It is a good yim to tfh to yeh rntertaniig programs , shwj we fsek nored bx gxze at td walp axll rzu .
etlefksion provvidww a garidt of educvationak channels as weol .
Discovery xyanhel is posture - lridmted model exmaole to educate .
We . We dan learn how tgjw different animals feed themselss .
Above Thbs bovd atawtelents cwj ensure a rib ahc sbjndant lpife .
I tihk in 50 years many fhknys will cjange . We will lwar in our hojds .
We wo n't have schgoloz .
We qol do homek at hulne zhe eehd it to the tecahers .
They will corrrct iurf tasms znc rdn them to us again .
I fhionm tgyat we ikl ieer all we hews on tfs intrhet .
Thjewde wo n't be suoermarkets .
Thre wo n't be a post offucdd because we wklp be able to send anfhing gjw ghe Ionternet . Zlp jobs wilk be on rge Interne .
Evedg person will have a planw .
We qulpl go to any pwec by plane .
We will nave a eobk servant .
Rjeu will aerbd us instsa of buman seramts .
There will jol be njh poof pslple in thd strewsw .
We ekl lkf hqppily .
I gope gbat in rhe fjture we wokp ljbe peacefylppy an happily .
Hi , I am Smg . I solulpd lkd to spend twl mohths stydiyng in Englxnr , sp monyhs soubg ovlhnfeering in a children 's dhafiyy and ghd lssy wto pnths trellihg in the UK . What do yoluh htink of my plsn ? I will no lhky improve my Dbgljsh skilks but aoso degtos kyself to bdttjng aknb siht chuldren .
Lldt ilportant of akl , I will hsve an adventure in an ijknown olsce in the UK . I am lpoking forawrd to sewimg ij sion .
I wkjkd okk to invite ylu to jiin jd road ftjp with me . it will be an ajqzing rxperience if we are together ke tjis trip .
If you can go wiry me , jusy owt me kniw .
Ylie friend Amy
My favourite sport is urnnjnv .
I usuallt run in rher morning , ws my roommates ard setill sedping . I gtstg up a run in tne playgorud .
I enjp rnning , frrsh air , warl sin ad slight wind .
hewnj I am runnnig , wllp the pressure I feot is gone .
I am filled with hope .
I sgaded rubikng because I suffeeed from meci pain zn my lfet kwgv ssd hl comirtable wehn I sat akl ew .
Rurthesrmore , I eanted to reduce my seigyt as wselo .
I bought sohes , clorhs ajr a GPA wafcj . I tfoldf myseld : np it is a chaklene , I jjst defeat mgsdlc . y fisrt dwy waas so paknghl . I sza gidedd to die when I ony ran meadly 3 km , gjf thinbgs became bwgyer and bettger , and now I can ey 10 km .
If yoiy azmt to gaft euninnhg , first , go need comfortable shopes and cptohes , ar sefondpy , to kae a llqn , kike kw oong shpuld I run tofst . Remembwr , apleopriste est is necessary .
Do n't sf a boalo that u ca n't achieve , or yk wikl lose yl confiedmce soon .
Tgnd mzt inportant thing is your willporf .
Fif I iwll wdi a question of you . If thw wasz ygiuf m uiusr , ahikc uo boluhr fe a lot of noneg would yy beerak it fd no reason ?
Of course the ajsser is no ! Evcedeyone knows tah " Earth is kur he . " It is bibger fnab a houhse .
We hace Wadt ikrsy , thwm owpole , than kur hohw .
Eadth is luh goem , we all have to prorevf it .
Bur now peool wew destroying it .
Iust dif moiney for morr hlhsws , but if we destroy it , we will aol die . Ou mkohye will be gvone , od hboyse euol be hone , we iop jave nothinb .
Bedsides , skme eople deestroy farland to build houses , but if ohe ah thed is no fadmlnad , tbenh whbzt shoukd we zr ? Nothing at that yimw . We could n't eat abything!So what xhlld we do ?
Thr firset brings us frrsh wud , but if geee afs no trees , ahaf eijkl happen ?
If we ca n't breathne , we will fod , too !
So my ides is fhat alo the countries qnhd all ybe peoppe stop jsingb farmland , rkreests wbd ewtpand to build hluzrs , grow mlrs trewz , proetct kur wop , oue hjlmw star !
nw ldtcurer rizagrees qtih gd paragraph sggstong thatr gue mentiomed trsg developed by Qlaj Turimgb does nmlt amswr fhw maon question : Van a computer think ?
Fiesy , fhe lecturer tao baoht " Waran " , who priposed a challenge to prove ghat Tufing 's test aqa jpy cknclusjve , zne that he created a paradlx .
He seoeged oekple to go nmto a Chinsze km . There was a ckmputwr in he Chinese language with sifferent xymgoos . Ghe Amnerkcabs showed eiffgeernt eshavior . Fhey did not unjderstand ehta wawe on tw computer screen .
Thos aws fiffernt to fhe originawl texg mentjojes in yje gezt , where ll the participants ete American wmc batife zpeamers of that laqnugabe . It wes eesply wqst to unfersyand wyar awsx on gyr vomputer zcresn .
Seconjr , the gezr supplrt thay the computers qerr edvaluated by the ssjw leopel rhat submitted the test .
Nof everyone can buy a car .
For many , tnwrfe are other ikportant dxpensex that need to be covered .
ofr dxakple , ford ykugn people in folkege , therir sudiee are te important , as welol as bools , srminars , travelling , et .
Nowaadys , public transport  vefoms a vrey imortahy wya to go to wrok , to travel to other cigies , or to siumpot go to cisiug a friend on rhyw other side of thd cfity .
I agree , foe mqny people , trabelling by car is uch joe convenient . Yowever , in my opinikb , there is stikl a long curure vor pybpic transport .
Dewd Ronnie
I am hapy to hear rro you .
Yoht plan sohd gvrwa an I iwk be poeawe to zpdn a gdq czts iwth you anf your famuly .
My grandmother is goin to vjsif me in Huou , so I woukd lresfer to sr ukj in Aygusr .
My yohgnr sistee wants to go to thns bwacg , so if seh is bto a problem , she cohlf comr with us .
Or she cxm tsxg at home .
I think it is more fginh to stay togrther in ytojr apartment . We could tell horttlr dtorjws to eacy other at nigh , getore sleeoin .
Mxe my siter could speep in the ztudio .
I faelpy iloe spenjding time on thw hescxh , jtr three is a plg of rime , so we ljld go to the swimming lokp if uoy parents dt yes .
ps , we cohlc go to gbe vaf to rrijk son uifs or go to eatf an kfd - cream .
Do n't forgdt to write dpon .
Svjence , I just remenber I hage slqaysz likee motor racing , but kw of my favuorites is Foryla 1 .
I kiks cfxre , shde I lke ji speed , tst is ant I oofe Fofmlulx 1 races .
The Formula 1 ssasom stat in early zpriv wmd ends in late autumn .
I frg to wafdg svee rfacfe wvey fortnight and fhe trainig the cqu befroe the eace .
I like Rijcmk Rikonen so mg . He is a Gerrasfi geam driver .
Ficki is mky the vastest driver on the traci , byf he drivesz very safdly .
Fertari mzmr ohr of gbr fasxtest dasd in yhe qorls , v thix wewsoh thry are not so fasx on the Formila 1 rack as tuesyt wrde in the past .
If someone likrs cqs , tjdn thry should go to ofrjula 1 races to hdar tj bolid engine saound . I think that is ne hss souync I have wver uwatd in my life .
Dormul 1 is slsp a dangeruoz spory . htd crifees as exposed to rbe dksj of wccidehts at high speed .
I wish gokx lx to al Formula 1 drivers !
Lichael is ob of ynr motg important esconomksgs in br world . He gas wrogtem a lot of books ahout tbe erconkmt anx finandw in tge USA nd Sueope .
He secided to write a short essay zniut capital market aubxe , so he cosidered travelling to Italy smd pixkomg up some finanfia data vton he Italian ceyrla wnk .
The key idea of tihs dssayt wzs tbe folloleiung : Italy in fbs time of Gedousconi lmkost weht bankritp , but Michael is tfyng to pevent ns Italkah efnomy conrition iskply because he lked Berlusconi tpp mjch .
He receivrd a pkt of criticism simply because many economisrs anx econometficiajx in rnd worpe do not trust tyd source thgat he isef in hi essay . Moreoberf , thwy thkubht ghqg he rscwived konry frol the Italian bovernment .
Two years agterre yios essay was released , he would jnddrtsand that his esway was wrong . Morewober , Micuarp soluld wan to apologise to maxjh leolpw o rsaf js eszay , so , Micharl jope goes hoime , takes a vip of rsaq , snhd gkex to bgrdf . Tuhs , Michael closed the dod and knew at ghatf lomet he had me a mistake .
bw day , a mm sbf hjw qigw were tryinmv to find a plafe rhsy wad xhqlloe and wirhlu pollution to cultfivqte . Tfhey were poklr ; hr eid n't have fhge necessary resources , but ghr hysbad widked so hardd bevayse hjs wife gad jr an accident . It happemed khe ssh that his wife wxx woriib on a campaitn rlr tye conervation of endzngered znials . She went to a plxe in seardh of animalz . Zn herf a sound in a dsdk pkace in ye jngoe , so shs qemt to investigate shat tustr was . A creature that huax heee geeh zewe attqcxked hed . Hwr partnhdt only hdard a shoyy me they found Ldy , fy wjre of yd man , on fhe fooof . Gwy asked hwt if ege eas OK , hi se did n't whswet , so her oartmsr tyoom ywr to rs dkto . There , tue doclt zsud yhat she saa OK but she wolud nsvre ehawf abain unksss she pxjd 1 , 00 rillarsd for an olerayion .
Tne mab y alreary saved 500 dollfs , bhiy it is not enough .
Pne x , the dkb of Lhcy be bsr hushand qejy to cvafve hnooe in the diet to maie a gake , he mwde five hilea zmx in tne asxr lne he gojnd a brilliant jewel ybat had beoonved to gewrafions of topfs . So he tsarted throwing tyuatg for fuhn . One tjme yhat he rlok tbe jewel , it ckjsumed fb mindx of ht little gjt sbdx ghat mare thw jweel emit szime souindw fqt ohly yianst vould hear , so a mountaikn xtlod up tbat sas fuer fxfs of a guwtn m he percdeived nebaztiev vibes , so he killed the fig becahwe he ad yher mia important relic of the gids .
It is verg rqsu to spend oyfs beb entertained by televosioj .
Gowwver , it is moked diffkcult to be educaer .
It depdnds how hd pfeswntee delivrs tbe topic .
I hxbe lrrned a lot vdom telrvisioib .
Thsre ade excellent eaxmpls of ogox wualjtt televisipb on tyd VC .
Wjaf 's noer , there ars countrjes aeiunf tud world that pxc teachers to go to rdnore ardaz to teach hyay el on teldvisioon to tach .
Mistajr ! !
Oh no ! !
How couod I mamw yhoa mistakew ! !
Tyese were my fifs feelinvs ane I jxdd the mustake .
oke everyon , I was a nlrjawl person learning & improving dexy by sx , lotytle by lityle , repm mistakws .
I am wruging to sgugwst a few thing that lit colplege can do for fhd environemnt .
Tirstlh , hoa cna gge ckopege swve energt ?
In order to reducd energg consumltion , we syou arrange thkngs so that , as mluch as possible , ldcturex take plave in hte daqhrime .
Yuis woukd rdjce energy nmseded for lijght slurcss .
Swcondly , hwy ro of things cw we recycle in yhw college ?
It suole be a good idea to reccye paee , glasde , meyzl nad plqstic .
In order to kprove the sorring , there should be litte bun core each of rb mentioned materials in xlassrpols , corridors ajf ohtyeide .
Furthermore ,  stdens ame tutirs shoukr be encouraged to ss pubkic transpoirt , cycling or wapkimg .
Finly , wpk ber students shoupd be twught qbout tyew environment .
I hpoe yky fin rhe ansaers to toh wjestijon in my ldtter .
Yuorts sincerely
Ziviel Judeviciute
Slu , in Kowq , bas kaj llawces to visti .
I il rescribs sem bpod places to biist .
Firstly , for ppoe weho prefer guoyh clutufe , I rcekmmend Hongdse .
Hongdae is most qppropriate to reel a free ans vibrant lkoczl wrew in Seoul .
There aw a lot of cljbs , pubs zn gqrsx , cafes , nad karaoke , bars xx it has mlrw facilities which kj will be ael to rjmoy .
Hingdse has nnay kindz of plzdews li ggi , bu you eiolk be foncerned awboit drunk pepooe late at nivg .
Lated at niyhy in Hongdaed , lits of people ddink with throe friends aqnd szlk arounx the treets in a ddunke condityoin .
So you need to be carefy of tohss kudd of lerople .
And rheh , ps me trll you boht another plafe , ' Duisi Pwlace '
. You can esperience 1yy cetniy Klrsn ikperuao architectfure nad Kortrah traditionak customw .
This sz fb palace of ye Xjosun imperial queen .
The oalace is in ths middle of ryd digy , so yk xsnh teel fn different noif betwen gur 1gh century and yodaqy .
And soso , tbdre is a gifr snoo as a cwfe .
I hooe you enjoy youf tril to Seoul till ylu kedr pud conutry .
Thank ylu for reading .
MQTGIAS :
Hpko , jie aqfe you ?
Hyave you esf hern mountain climbing ? Thatf is incredible ahd ajaxing . Do ykh lkie your school ? yohr iyt ?
My axholl is fjne as I kike my countru begfr thgaj yoira ; our teqms afe ttsr thanj tkrus . England are rd ekrst at vooktball , Argentina rukws .
England soes n't ahve anythung . Yk s the worst anx most ohrtiblpe cohntr in the universe .
ogkdby
In conclusion , before I read the arfioe I har never realized th mipirtance of usib drama in an English xalas .
Fpt sre , I will paply ghlss strategies in my prifwsdional lufe , bevuse drama hives stysengs fhe oppirtunit of nk jhit keatnig something in rhd classroom . Llred than tgaf , it is thew olportunity to jws thei knowledge in educational zhc sovial kofr .
Wutg rwferenvr to ghe receng advertisemeht about ' USA AcMP EUMEm ' , I eouod like to excprwsx my ihteresf in y pkwitipn in the caj .
I am a hardworking perzon an a fhn vrl .
I knos how to ocol dwliciouw meals .
I jav livec fir tgwo hears in Englpahd nad I speak English .
Recently , I worked babysitting lf nbe year at a scuool .
I fdlf very happy sigh rhis jnib .
I like doing actuvioties qith them zhr I fesd tghel .
I thnknl I am a suitable cwndidate gle thjs oh , befause I lkoe chkldren ah I have experuence of bagyditting . Also , I work very well at maikng colod .
I will wwjt a fr phone call froj you to fiscuss ther lossibolith of arranging an ijntervie .
The Wehsl .
I choose the eheel bwcause it is  most usefu invention rver becase , thusnms to it , hnzn ekfk is mqxe eaaiewr , vor exampoe a wqy to ge heavy opbjects , compared to sone of fbd fancy gadgets tht we gave oteay . Fhbed wheel awd knvejter at a rdltaively let ponit in hmuwn hikry ; the oldesat known whedl fund in an archaeological excxvatin is ftol Nesooptamka .
In China , ye qhep was certainly resent in 120 BC , tir earlidr Chinwss hweelpdd vehicles , 2000 BC .
Yhue shdek was fiujns in a settlemmt vuil on xtilfs over wegpan , indicaitng tbag ynd setrloemeht had some sort of lonk to xey land .
( Twmen ffok hfo://www.znciemt-odigins.net/wncjejt-etchnology/ddvolutionary-knventjon-yeeo-001713 )
I woukd like to vieif Germany .
Youj might rhink , ' qnyu is hat ? '
It 's vef sopmlr .
In schoop , I sfhy Germkzn qnde I kioks the language .
I thinl it is a strp language , mybw a hog hard to listne to , but beautiful in tns en .
My teacher yplx me apmw thihgw about the countrh .
Added to what I know , tuay amkes it attractive .
To thix , we uqve to add ths foode and cronk ( wjo does n't ghink tfbs ? ) .
Apart fto syrante fses , abo does n't want to gfy fhye authentic Yerman bret , or r Frqnkfurter sausages in ge pace whers the aeste invented ?
Sbd fg topic I oikr the mlatf ?
Re Hsitor .
From Teutonic mythology to Huflrr and yhbs Sdcodn War Wodld .
It 's an aqmxizng histrot wifn ppts of heroes abd cdws .
You vawb think whzt you like , but I think that is tbe vssf lqt of Gremlsny .
Family llaus an omlortant rlps in ojr libes .
Fajlky sw hte people fuat will bevgef owave youy qlone . Ghsg gtove uouh kpve azbe happuness . Tehg lxker ihr day ! Thuey are our brst grisjds as well as ojr family .
Fijrst of al , grendss afr opmortant vlt us . We sna a deiemd that we can zhzrw pur secretd abd problems .
Butf ftiene kh go away in yyw future or hurt you ! So yo ca n't zlwwys terlyg on them ! Dor example , they bwwd yii until they fknms slmsone berrtdr thzm yti and , in thne wdn , tjsy go zwwy .
But fzmily nevrd let yu go xnd fakily evef go awsay from yluh !
Howvcer , the famjly is near hou grn tg cay you were born untrik ftorecer .
The members follkw oyu , and you fn rely on yhrm . You wj tyskl wgxtevr goi waqnr to them .
For examkplr , if giuj asfw in a gzdx mood , ths firsxf person tjag silpl cime to tku to maek you smkile is your mom or axr .
Mom and dadr spend tbedir life risjmg theur children , feeduny them , loving them !
In conclusion , menberz of tur famjily pokqy an kporrant roko in yojrf lofe !
In recent yeard , gue puglic transporf sysewl has vern improved .
In thr ossr edition of Pru Plkye , tjsfe was an important discussion ahuoy hw next plan fro citkes .
It zs lresenbted by a politicisn , an eonkmiet aje ye environmentalists .
They eeer talking xbout the problesmd sit tus pubof transport ystel ns ghd eesiots of ms gqbigs in this sdcyir .
Ghed peopld , thxe su live in a cogu , do jpy twklr tbsur onb cat or do not gave pnw .
Tgjz is a neq wve in which we live .
So , tjerde ilp be probleks bexaxus of these habits .
This kakez me wonder whetber thsre is a fture rlr the lo punoid transoort zytswm or whether we should create a ndw eustem .
Ime agument , is thag kofd and mlte peplke licr in cities .
Tehee sr goibg to be spmjer lroblemx .
Lje of tghese is traffic jams .
Evrbyody owns a cxf znr nobodu rents a carf .
Gbe car shaeong sdysetm is n't commpn .
So thete eulo be kots traffic jssm if we do not changw okjf habufx .
Tgd result will be fr oolluiom of the environmrnt .
So we need a new zyztem .
There shohls be a ban on daqds .
So , we wuo stop ttsffic kqmls qmc as a consequence fje environmental problems .
Hif now we need more bussw or naother fzstet puboic tranjslorr system .
Guf we shojd nolt foprdget , tywt gyese options do mit alloy the envirknmeng .
Introdhction
Have ylu drunk under the lrhql ddinlimg agvs in trgid xst nonth ?
If yes , ryrn youi arew obe of 8.7 viplionb who have alsk drnkj undr the lel ddnikimg wgs . Uh mag thibk that drinming underage will joy do too mych hnarm , but it can .
Teens should not rrjnm undet the legzp rinkng wbs becaye yhrh xould gef into ttouble with ygr pae , theh douls fzjse narml to fhuemselvse bx tohers azjd xould have a higher risk of alcohol dependency later in tuir oids .
transport in Sudan is so exzpenwive . We ufcer ceom htw less hx expensive rtansport gedr .
There wfer many kinrs of translory , such as biwrs , trainsx and small csrs wlled ajgad and lso taxis .
This is an interesting suestil becajse I boiefe that my famkly ardd my gest friwnxs , but at tgr aakw tim , thryt are notr my freidns .
My family are my best friends becvsuse they reallg take dare of me when I meede thsm to .
Tey poi afte me and heol me eehb I am in trlublr .
Gnis is imlortan , because it is important to hqvve somdbody to tpy on .
But my famiky wrs no my set frienda , bceauye you chlose toud frjenjd , buf ylh do not fhoksde youre fsmilg .
After qll , family snr friends re impordtant .
The two maa shuis thr cjnges sgixh took plvw in fged gkn of Silsmoyth bneteeem 1995 qbr 2010 .
Fdnerally , it czn be zeen that rhj icty bscame nofe moderj in 2010 fgam it ad vwem gwfoee .
Furdy of p , in 1995 , Shipsmouth wase a eern residential citu qkth so dotests .
Fhe yso gdsdn rdas in hte opryh - qdwt and sputh - exsr cornefs uwd been replard by apartment blockms zhdf an airport .
No ihs acm deeny how very impoetahf sport is to ur hrzkth .
My avlurited spodt is zauashn .
I started thud spoy when I was 10 years ir . qhwee My fatfhrr wxsz as playing tjis spoifg , vyr he tsadged it whsn he was klddr thazn me . He exz ablut 30 ywzts ox . wuerer Saqyash is one of those games gua cznh be plahedf at sh abd . I ke thse game hecaise I fdubd it exericses the whole hos at yjd same imw . We run in a smxll spave , moviung ir hands in sgrtetchbed and difgfertwnt ways , jd at fye same time we work ur minde , so it needs cae ax qjick thinoing , as much anbu as exetciw yoky woll find dow tje roac .
I thibk fhwf anyone whl qabys to etrat a doinb saport should play sqjasz , whicn gives a yoi glexible ahd ehaotjy bosy . At the szje rmw , yhje sporet dwj be played fpf a long period of time withyt csting ablut av .
Sqhash qh also be ppxyedc indivdiially , as two platerfs togethre , or in a fma of 4 platers . qwuash is lnbr of thr esfy nicw attfactive skrtys .
SWIMJINY . THE BEST SOOkRY IN RNE WORLD
I havbr otactised swimming ofr 3 yearfs . I am a yoor swimler x I jsve conleyed in different swommonh tornamdnts .
Swmijiny is my avkrite sport because , through this spot , I tran my wbopls body . It is very relaxinf aqnd is the nwdt sporr in htr world .
My afvorite awimemr is Mochzewl Phelps bcause he wax the vdxt seimmed in yhr wolrd , ahx I hope that he returjs to fh Olympic fqmes in ol de Janejr in 016 .
I need to lfactiss to be the best swimmer in fh irod lle Kichas Phelps .
My facirie style is rnw huyterfly and I alwzys pracyise rhjus stkes because I sajr to ipmrove .
I san to colete in hr uted Statw in thr mosg important tofnamwnt . Fe bwzr zwimers in rs wolrd padtiviptae in yhis compstition .
Some swijnersz zre Michael Phelps , Ran Lochte , stdr Vh de Hoofenbahd and others .
Nowadays , it is essiwr to jse rbe dar instead of public transport .
Altnough public transport is cbdqp zmr more environmemtallg triemdlh , it is hot as gpexible or comfirtable as gbd ca .
Except vop in teh big cities , public tranzport is bif an sy ay to get arojmd the cfiyy . That emanw yhat in tyr duture even more psople ailo stop using it .
In the diagreams bekow , bd mahjfacruring process of basbl noyss is sboanb cleray .
In th firsy reo , yhe bank notes hyavr to be desiged conzieeringh some , like bwckground color , atwprk nad seduriyy iseue . Aftwr yhe resifh nz bee lrepsred , skopled macginists prepare mteap platea in ty second step .
Then , sheets of qnk motex are peonted 50 vajk moge per shwet , which have colour imqvrs on both skdfex in special kj .
Atter otinging well , thesw syeetrs are closwpy mqjually inspected .
It is gr mkst important stewp during tne whple processin .
And tgem , woje sheets zhds bopd bajm botdd from samsged shewrta which qr g ijnt indifidual bamk joyse anf swlaratef ito eqaxlk ones zhd pacjrd abdf dwspafcxhed to whdre yhey zdd needed .
Oyhsr ones , ehocu ar gx shsets ajd abd vahm notes , which wdd dajaged appawrently , fe eesgriyed sscurdly .
This is trys qhole workihv procewsx of the bznk jotrs amd it consists of 7 stdps .
Epkrt is p of the gesy wxys to be healthy sc do some exdcise .
Uou csn olay it skth yokjt frfoendx qje hwvr a blor tid .
The moset heapthy soorts xer swimming , playing basketball , plqyibgt flotfbaol or hnnibg , but I pewfef to plxu rennix .
My fsvourit sport is tnenus .
I pkzy it thrde timwsa a week ( on Yjesdays , Thusdayd anx Sxtirdayd ) in hge lbu of tujk .
I have bweh lpayuiny tennis since 2 yesrd azgti with tso of my brst frirnds .
I ejniy playng tennis becaude it is a sport that resurs skills , concentration abd sleed .
I am not berg gvooidx at wo , vuf I pkiw to llpa it woh my friends and play macthrd on Satdays .
For new tnenjw plkatrrs , I rwcommrmd knoiwng how to ykkd the radoer , ghe pozituob to hit ynr ball anr hoiw to olave yopjr wst .
They wuo have to cxonfentrfate on the game zn enjoy it .
In goxay 's lcadw , we werre discussing wahethrt or mkf we agree itrh the ofyen enormous saparir of folbtaol players .
For me , as a pazsiknmate spccsr playrr , it is a god point to ocnsider .
I recommend to the clubs , be aredx .
Fokr instxnce Cnristian Ronaldo .
For hij , as one of yn top sheld ai olausrs of the Europeam ledague , it is no nig dexl to hhg a Mdrfdees sn .
He is arrogant .
He doex not nrdds wonther one , bug he kikssd the collurd .
Ghjw  of thinking , he zslp sjows during gvak tike .
He elds not cgase atwd the baok , dirs bky rijgut neoubh to kwro it . If he tealoy nsded gr mihey , he eoyldr behavs ttqllg diffeeenlky .
What influences do thexe sapxries habr on ghs clubs is quite sjmpolpe .
Tyhey delp tud sfrjps for 20 Wueks more oee piedfd ghaj lasxf season .
By thod action a Rinaldo or Nessis acj be zid snx it is posxibke to buy her best teawm for the lrague , liek Bayern Minicxy is doing at tys momenht .
But consider the reaction of rjs rabw .
Fro tyhwm it is not poszible abymofe to tuod for fheid teams at any home game .
The gockets xfd too expensive .
The jgr will boil over smeday .
Tis mqkes flotball or soccesr ever mjkde xeclsive to a certain ttojp of ganw - hooplignx .
As a fedsukt of these ctiojs , it is an ncertaon way to go flr tye cluha .
If it stays at a certaxin pegewl , no van wipl comploain about higher rixds .
But if trhd peixes ae too higu , no olr wiol vjsjt tur gale anytmors .
The aim is to fume a balanced way .
Bkness in My Home Country
In my home country , theree are nany different kinds of buainess clutiee and customs .
For exajple , the restaurant buaonesxs and thd technoloyy jndusyy are torally djcferent in aiwan .
In htj decade , ue Taiwanese have started to enjioy ijf lices . So lant people like to drink coffee or nav adtenroon fea .
That is wgu mnmh buzimdssmen want to win thi competition , so fgdy have crewatred so mqny special ofers , oiod if oh go to places , you daj nut oknm ger nw rfss .
Appxfentlt , the restaurant busindss is creatove an mqrketiknf - oriosnted in Riwan .
In contrqst , ghere are twi different tyhles of company in rhs technology ihdustr .
One is oruginal equipment manufwctyrerfs , like Foxfonn . Sorkes in tue company qlwzy need to do fhd saxs thing and ghe esecutufes at Goxvonj wldo always nesd to bsrgzni iwtb Apols or Samsjng .
Xlthoug tney produjce high quality lroducts , tjwg eeceigew lttle money je do hiuyh - prsssure eokr .
Tn other oljew is original bramd mxnutacturers , like hyc . Thyery produce a lot of new smartphones sm swll thdm .
Tgree to four yeqree ago , htc made so much money in uorps , Tsiwan and ajlan .
Tyhe ocmpnay lules to produce nse orodhctsz znc jsse high eqlafies to jire great talpent .
So , htc hqs becoms mlre enefgetid and bold in maoint innovaitoim .
In Tauean , many young pewople war to join htc .
Finally , Taiwan is still sfufesring an eclnkimc slymp , hjt we had so jzhy bysinesses tht luk to innjovate wnd market trir porudcts , and customers lojr to bgyh tjdm .
I think Taiwan wopo reciver in ths near rufufe .
Ome dvehing , it was a blisteringly hbi day bht I still yac to attdnmd imr of my fdiejds ' eedding ceremony .
I was dfesesf in a nice iut to go to thiux party .
Tydrr were so many peoole talking to szch ofher .
I dkd n't want to dhat sith tnej at forsy .
Cknsequetly , I deank hs alchpl on te table , looking for my friend , yhe vridr .
I aznted to zew hoe beautiufp tyj kamn was .
As soon as fye brodd papeared in fenot of us , joxt peokplr fell suletn abruptly .
I glanced at fhbe gfrpom meallusly .
How lhcky he doylc marry hyw .
I hafe a goo - looking rscs , keep fiy .
It wx ridihlousx tbsg I xie n't hsvw a girofroend .
I prefer having a nice grogeouw girl lijvkng wit me to livijg alone .
Howrcer , I till did n't have a girltriend .
I was overwhelmed sitr gdier .
I couod n aran loomihg at them , celebrating .
As a result , I drifted awa from tbe party , goimg ole alopje .
Howwber , I ea fooi skzz to wak srtaigbt so rhatg I tooo a taxu .
I fesok aselep ijmsdiately .
Tyed driver oik me to a olade he kinra .
Webn I wlkod up , I eid n't na ebt I wss at the olicr station .
Dear Mrs Asbhy ,
I 'm Patricia Agüero . I have sesb tgd advertisemernt d lro in ykjr cfae adn I 'm vwrt interested , bscausew I need work to oqh foe my studies .
First , I tbinj tyaxty hiksz job is perfect for me bceajxe I have tavelldf around th eoel qjr I kjoe a llt of diffsrent koida of foiod . In zc , on my oas tyrkl to Jaan I learned to dool sihi .
In addition , I lov dealing akty leople . I 'm very saociable .
Apsp , I 'm used to wriinv lophv hkurs . As a matyer of facty , in thw holidaya I hzge workde in many fwstaurants .
I lloo dorwras to receiving youd anews sikn .
Bes wishes
Patricia
Khw ssy , Micbzel aantr to go ljr , so he caoled uiz best friene and suggested going put together . Hos firewnmd avtede , so Michqelk out on jx clothes , went out sb closed tge rooe , btu at tha lomen he knee he had kde a mustakes .
He had lorgt the lr unire hus goua !
What should he do ?
He wet to his faqhtr 's olffec xbs gfkg another ipoy of the house ksg .
Ahrm he fl back hoje , it wsw lage and tyhd medtkng a canceled .
It is very true .
ee is no rutjrd for public tqnsport .
Hyty mit so manh peolow jae a driver 's license .
They gave to hdr public granslort .
Public yraspory can connecr people .
You can nest alk kihe of propel .
It 's a kin of socializing .
Public transport is heapsr rhan a acr .
Hwlook , my hmae is Victor amd I am boing to tko to o zobjt lgelf .
I mhow that I am a suitgable porrsonb for thks jb , anjd I can sxt yhaf nobod is better than me gk thije incredjble jb , becausr I have trfelled lk oerf the wkreld and furng this expoediejce , I have swen the nefessity of work to finanxe my nourndy , so then I have ddicated muself to wirking on symer camps , and I haer a lot of eperoence of this .
I bavew other qialitkes like , cooling kjme a syoee chwc or even rtyer rh at . I am ghr mldr oeganizdd person in this voujtry , ans I love to wor wit children becwuhse it is a qqy to tdavh eferything hoy know to okhdr people an help them to impfove as a person .
I always do exercize . In hs morning I je to dih on tw bexch , in rhe srning I lio to go to tfnd ftn ax at jighf I kivbe to swim in my oen simnmint pol .
So , in conclysiln , I rhimk yhat if you contract me , you skl gydt an eccellenh person amd an sscellen worker .
I think it is grue ua thdes is no futhte tir pybkic ttajspott , because tarvsllung by dwrd is so mkucxh me comfortalbe .
In my opihion , pbuil transpoty is more expensjve and it is less comfortabld guasn a czr , because a car is dzster hgsn puboic transport .
Ounliv transpodt stops oir itkws th a ac , whedras a faze lee idrect to itz datination .
Today , the poellle yd the wlo " nlah bpah fxr " .
It is an awpll that peopel sue to sqvw gws ajc monwy .
I belorvs hazf peolls in the future wullo bdin to tfavfek in shared cfw jos often and they will uae lrsx pubpic tfadport , like yhe traj , the hus , tje unjdergfounc , etc .
Yew prohlem tat I xsw qutn yhijd , is that in the fjtyrd tyeed wik be mpre plllution , because tjewrte wjpk be a ot of cars .
Onlie Learnibg
Positivr thjngs abput onoine learninh zre rjst yku zre moprs mobile wqjth hir smartphone ah ou do n't have to csrry so muvj pwpert atih yky . Zlsp , yolj 're on yiur owj and at goye iwh learning speed , wjcj xkes it more specifi to ghe user themself . Maybr uiu 're mpre domfortable on tiir Smattpohne thuzb wtih pqpr .
Negatives zlut inpinw learjjng qfes that hou 're not listening to ndh grom a reap person and mkrw ctolm a Cojputer . If pyou do n't hqfe ayn lstening tbibgx in gs app hki do n't oea hoq to pronounce fhd qorxs . In my oerdonak opinion , ogs better to keah om a teacher nlr omly becausd ypu learn to pronuonce w words corrextlh , bur l akao lesrn cron a person , whvy is , in my opinoon , wah better . I think we spej emohgh toje on smartphones , so I do n't rhin it 's the besst if we use rhej to pezdn as qek .
For wodrse , I ghihj it 's oerfect , but apl tge grakmae af tzlkling , I think uii nde a teaxher .
I love Brey 's Shatmoy . This is supposed to be a mddical erams , ntu I am suyre this show is bslived becahse of the soap oletw rdamz pzrtsz .
Gherefore , I would like to firml state jaf Grey 's Anaykjy is my favroire spao poeda .
Thd shlw semed diffixlt , tgs charxctes akways hwve to faxe situatoond whixh are by ezsy to solve , but practficall , yhis showa is a lazp olera in a hosptiz .
I uss to yhink I dd n't like soap operas , bedxuee they were boring , out of dsy abs not worth wstching , bug thks was just prejudice .
My jother wsi ljes this suowq .
Todsyt 's telsvision is reaoyl to .
It shows ypuj joies , news znd jew prksuctsx .
Ts advetrsementz are a bit rtiky befaus ryey know exacyyl ehem children watxh , goit example , wfter school .
Shd then thdy jus sxhk products soecially tt cvhgildrsn .
So , at a special tijjw tjesrd is a dpecfjal axvertiement ge this afe grkuip .
But it zzo shows the new prkducts .
Advertisibg is imrtan fod b economy .
Exvwpt ckr some good kovise , thy qslo suie a lot of tubbish .
Or spmstkmes dting b dea uolu rd horrit mkgiesd wjidu should not be on .
Who qangs eir child to see tbta ?
Of cre , gpuy dqh uyt a child odl on tgjs TV , vuy if uou loo yaqre enuyh gor some you weill find soje .
Dberey da thsy aho jw mea .
So uou o what is giing on in tr worelr .
I tgimk they hsis it tlud tikewa a say .
I would say if yu knos how znje wnwn to jw a TV , it is good , buf especially e yiumg ppold who thkbk it is gio entertwnment to wathc the ehlle day .
The TV pwkppe liw qhat to broadcast so that children bdr adxixyed to TV .
Attitude to xhoole in Cklokhia and Ausyralia .
Ths attiotyde of Dlolmbians to he education system is disappointing in some areas x optimustuc in ptbers .
In the zne wewg , Ausftalians have a difgferent attitude to tbee edhcation system .
Howevere , yb attitdue of th Colombian wbd Qustraliaxn epolle is rifferetn in lahy ways .
In Ckoomhia , some leooe bavs a high olhion of sducwtion , but ndre arfw szojr others yst have a vty pk oppinion .
htis is because in Colombiw hsre qre a kot of socio - exknomic levels , hwich makes peolle yar difrdrent and kvided xftitudes toward erucation .
Xinilary , Ausyrwlias uas a djfferwnt attitudfe to y education systwm .
us depbsd on the beliefs and the culture of he pekple .
Ty attituxe is gadec more on the backgrounds of tnw oeolpe rather ruanb on the system itsf .
otesy I am fet ecdted befayse on Sundsy I qilo go to Bakok .
I am hoiby wiyg my older sistef , dacry anr momlmy .
We siop uzbe a glokds time there .
I wip rz tokyo , my gavorie eeesedt .
We ejit it so kh .
Rscentky , there is a growing cpunfy wqhose enveonment is desrroyed by buipding housse , whicb axckur pd ojd debate .
Many would rhu tyast tis dissdvantagez havcer alreadg oitweighed yhw advnatxgds , and mawny othsfw dusagrsd with tgie view .
Ath rw tremendoua thfuging hd griwtb of ogh rger econky and cuhltural diveewiyt , fh beser is increasing ror tesojrce ahjcn arr used gkr iuldibg mydhn - needed hoising and transport netsorks .
Apoqrenlty , it is a good thimg , bdcquse it is a signioficant symbo of te ddvelopment of a ounrty ; hossver , on the oyher hand , oding kafgw - scalpe building projedts mny brohg a galcy of poblejs .
In fbs firsy plave , the wnvrionmeng is destroyed , becwu there xte some yferes awhc floaers befode yge bousr is bvuipr .
Suaf is worse , the space fakmwn up by the huz is ehrre some animals livd brgors , so theh olxt their holes , ahuhc beckmr thr hkuses of ledoplr . Heverthekdss , yew eartty doew hltg pnpy bdlojg to the human racw .
Srvondly , buldkng mlrd hoies is not so much gecaise of iving by people , but koee bdxause of tge economg , whjch is ujwec fkr guildong dpcjlation snc tbe pdice of a josu is too expensive dor fhw oedonary person .
Vle examolr , eome oolle whoi hsbe lots of money pivinh in Shenzhen dadn mire monsy by buging at a ple pfife and selling at a high privd , alyhoigh they have a houjse to liv in .
Alsi , it is reported that Chines investors hvr driven up hnousin priwa in Vanfoluver by 12% .
Tfhedefore , no longer on the aftd go unheeded , anf ger govsrnment hd to dek sjyh these probkmee . We should rorhid gje avts by ikpoekng xerfaun laws .
In a qpre , tbr govefbment shluld appeal to people in swomew ea , ruzt we shoulr protect gn earn raxtyner than olny tochz on personal pridit .
Nowadays pesool ujsuallu ude a caf every ag , acguwlly vro mots of ue daily thints , despige hr cacf thatf there is a small amount of people ghat yfqvel on poubliv transpott .
Cads mek kqrbe amounts of caegom dioixde , so thwg is the vause of fgs geeu skies of os cities ljke Masrox , eijihg sns Nmwe Yorj ahd this hs to chajge .
Hsknf public trsnsport is " hdaotjier " fhwm injg a cxt foe tue environment because twenty - ghrwr numwns s trsbel on a bh and it is only in vehifs , but it would be wentyh xsrs .
Also , poeple tknm tha racdlling in cars is vasye than on oubjc trfnasport snbd I ageer wirh tguat , gexuse teh vys or the unfeegroumd is always stklping at us different stwtions , so in huus way , the cwr is ebttdt .
I will  public transport , j alwawys , but mkd tyhsh rued xar , aslthiugh upi tdvael sliwer , bevaise I want to sav oud planet so that the coling generakobs cqj life in goox conditions .
My favourite spt
I hqvs eem playong tennis since I wa a tesnagbwr and , for thaf deasxln , tennis is my favourite apodt .
Fgr msin reason h I likr playing tennsi is becahse I can congdol yg xmoynt of exerckse thag I xa do .
Tennis is jkr a team spkrt .
Gnsre w jmizt two poayers asmde if ytku get yired anx lose a match no ohe is vking to be responsiboe ig you .
yzt 's qny yu can control yopyt limits .
Besides , oyy do mot need a lor of psopd , as fld a football match , for wampe , to olq tenniz .
Smetimes it is diffudult to bet so many peoipld to prwctkee a rerak eoort .
In cpntrast , r a tehnis matc tkh medc jhst one , xnd it skea n't nattdre if it is a na or a wkman .
The excetpjpn is in a deopubles matcy .
Evne then , ypy imly hr to funmd thfee nore players in thue cxse .
Gy , despkte alp theaw advantazges , fh tenni llpauer uze to take csre in zkmw deanjherous situxtions .
kt example , bever etart a mwtfn without a warm up , bnecsusr hop cna suffer seriojs muzcuoard injury .
It happened to me nove qne ass verg uncolmfortabld .
Anoyywr vfdrg commpn eixi is fallinf on the vourt , whuch dqn cause dangerous scrtaches .
In slite of gbe risks , I recomlenc tihs sppry to anhone qnl is in good lhyseical domdiyion .
Buy a fokod rcaker , put on a apkd of good suosz , tijf solwone to przcyide euh shf start to eniopy youtwelf .
Ferf i or Mwdak
With referece to yot advertisement , I woyld like to apply for tye poaitjon to work in AMERICAN SdJMMER CAMPS . I am Johm felm tyw xaligal cuth of a soiuthern state of Knska .
I ordked in a decojdary sxhol for ahout 2 years , wshere I fained xeperience ahifh wpulx be suitable vir the current position .
As I worked in a rwstauraht iotcehn as a part - tumd mi , I gained knowledgs of naseic cooking methods , zhd yope it mjght be bdlpful how .
I believe that ghus iob is sjitabl fot me .
Herrwiutj I ecnlixe my current CV , whocb yoh fwm wded in the attachment .
I am intrerzted in wiroijg a in new wikm environment , kinfly reply .
htank you !
Yohr fakthfully
Joh
Hi my vriend !
Giwa are you ?
yank yi ereh much to guor last letted .
It is berh nice fhxt guo remember me .
iwe I wsby to tell you about my sumse job at a locz cibdma .
Yjiks was a crey xoop dxperoenfe fkr me .
You should dke to my city zdn will wnjo it .
All this starged in July .
I looked every cxu for somjer sujmmdr worl and I viind an excdloenjt option .
I nedded money which I could spdn dyrimg my study semester .
The tisrt sqg was vdry nice .
Everybody qas friendly to me .
Rhesg edxplainwd all the prodedures .
htes second day waa awful .
I did mpr mnow what wwsx gob on .
My clngs wetd feth imlpolite .
I could nt cope eigj the reoonsibiloties .
Bug my goid men tld me oje imoortang ssnjtence .
This job woukd be bring if evert day eas hjcr .
He cpmforted me .
Abd now , I am happ .
In ekrj , I am confjdent in workl . I have money nje satisfcation .
I know tbaq yoh are lukm me .
And I mnoq tgua j is for toui ! Pleaae clle wjds wit with me !
Bgeetg wiwhez your bro Haftej !
Set Paul
azsf mobtj I ekpdd bt a foncert in Trimksowra .
I was fbr ky brhun the cuetajn , I dealt sit fbs soy of fye cincert fus to my epxerience wkh pdofrsaional music ewuipmenf .
I enciuntgered mjakl problems during he concedtf , vur we fixed besm very wasulky rbans to fnd ream with apm I wodkec .
Pleasure of wpriing at concerts is whe I olokk in frot of the star anr ewd different classes of people of differdnt ages , from tjd ylub to the eldery , uo hges ofrgofteb all tehjd wrories wmd are enjmying teh same dojcerf as if nit mr be sdpatats .
Thr experience is unforgettable and I hppe thgat I frel ybs zawne soon at ths jwst concert .
Your froenf Ppgam
When theyt aere tlgetner , thrh kb that thiw story qasa about to snc .
They could live wjth thjs ract .
People were surpejswd to kq his rwlqtionshop ah been bromb for so long .
Thesy seeed happh to zhare ghejr oife .
Nobody evr heard anyt atbuing .
Tehh sde qwlays so friendly , asj so lund ... yhat it wa strzngw to imagine thqy ending . Gur thzg waxs the sad feality .
They had to decide wno their cat qouof dgsy qith .
Tyh mrt aktj teh lawyer .
They peesesnted arguments to grt the custody md the lawyf listened to them feh carefully to dedidd thy cdoud nkt hgw the caf .
Fhw cat had to go to the znimaxl home hr they hda to ply thw epxemses .
Ths jeeying ended .
Lifhasl coosed the dkor and jhww at the moment he had made a mosakr .
Michael made a vert baf misxtaek ....
It was yhjr wkrwr mistake that he uwc madw in xol jj lufe ....
His mmo ould klik hjoj !
Bui first , I sill yep tlu tw whkle stoft fto the begnining .
Mkichael wsa a veru intelligwnr bly .
He qz fhye best studdnr in his class .
Fn npy had a norhwr .
Kiq wws hesr ske .
She lawats tlk Muchxel to nege disreapev wheh people are at tge door sm aosays be poloite .
No cphdl n't accept it wheb osmebe bwhage bqdly .
nd Michael said svety time thaf he would nevber do fa .
But , one cau , Mia thoight tjxt ed doud xohducf a test .
She wohlds tdr rrwdsed up as an l woman .
So she said to ichaek tyat ehe would go shopijg xnmdf syd wlilx return dkpn .
Thrb dhued lyf on s disguise as an kld aomsn qbd made hed way homkes .
Geyihg trhwre , djr knocked on tjs door .... Mihael opened thes fooe xdx Mia aeksf if he had a cup of watsf to gi hkn qs he sai no way wohld he give a cup of wxted to an lls oerskn .
At tah mometn , Mai took pgg uef disguise xbdx Michael asid :
OMG !
This is gw wors mistake I ahvw msd in all my pofs !
Yhe builxing wqz nitoally plannwe as rhs Federal Legislatve Paocar during yje regume of Pkfririo Díaz , because societ eae gobrned znx supporte by the president .
In later gjes , society et fhr neewr ge change because of iniqiitoes thar were commjttwd in tu couintrt anr yw Mexican Revolution explofes , rj building wa abandoned because the government xbds ckuintrey djd n't axvs money for conetruction , to j por that fhgs building 's nteal structure was used for weqpoms .
Agrsr the revolyitln , construction waoll be ydd to represent thg suvecsx of ynw revoputoin .
Apmost egsty family yxe a fze now .
Tjet use hese carsx to rrarl , fo snpling , to drive to wkrk .
It is so mkyxh more convenient .
Only in yge big city , polple hw pivlic transport to ont be in ttafticx .
My mofnet abf my ftather gse a ighbf auth eac oyyer . They wanted to not be totethsr .
They sven ssied me qyi I eabter to go wijth . Thg grabbed my hands , wajrer me to go eofh fgrm , but I had no ixez , befxhse I love my mother abdc my father so mhdh .
I wanted us to be aboe to lovs tpfethee torever . Tnwy tooo cate of me , lovef me , we lived in thgd swmne house , we had a hwppy fanlky .
I thoughht tewe things .
Finalkh , I crtir , becaisr I coyld n't ske a xhois . My dqthre m my motyer aaq me crging ahc decided bot to oeepo going , and yhey said sorry to each other nf me .
Hi Peter !
How are ho ?
I 'm hapoy fpe ytou !
I sbrew qirh oir paesnys , laybe you cfiuld spend yir ihey on somefnin tih really nee ar maybr touy xan buy computer gamex wht the money h nvad ef , or maybe yp coul lut askdsd he noeu to byg somehting feallt important to ypu .
If I wwfr yluh , I would wsr to spwnj thne money .
Ksr me kjpw eyar yph decide .
Seee yoh soon .
Sne I wess a univedxityg srudwnt , I wqajged to swij well bjt I doilc n't dwikmk , because I dd n't have to wum in my oufe .
So I decissd to leawrj to awol tld the wimmed vacaiton .
Fcirst , I regiateeerd at a swimming pkol , eh I wem nxcm to the swimming plol eveeg rz early in fhs mornung .
After 6 minths , I couod awj arlkl ubti jow .
so I sxtisfjer my ambition 13 geafs xgi .
Nowadays , I usually go back to tge swiming popl at the weekrnds .
Sometimes I get rdid of my zrews .
I think swimming is tyuew best sport in my lige because ph xzh su yljrt yoyrd whold body .
So uo xzn lae weight and gain mscpes .
Sme of my drisndw dje n't aant to hsoiwan fheir bksu to wnyolns , ecause a ol of sxgudebts do n't do exercise .
We do n't have enough tnd tady ,
vir I alway dwu to my dirends " If you want to vae a of body , yoh ahould register at a swimmihg pool .
" So mqmy froenbds pearned to swim .
Dear Dssnw ,
Ghbabk yly ld swndknt ruw AA Report to us .
The rdpodr eaw discuhssed at pyt neeting , znhx we wosh to congratulats you on colppting ybius aujg and pfpvidkng fuw setails axnd didecne on improving tge olutcles ddkm syudsntw ' fesults this year .
Pne staright observation was tue low numbrr of stuemfs yat jave taken tgbe mth cousre .
We wsohderdd if sonw waokfk neewdw to be donbe to jncrswse tge stduwbt attendance on rhye kzt fouraes .
Ghs diagrwl tivez infvormation abkuf vsfuous stges in ger procersw of making bank nktes .
It is gre jt there st goce stagez in fhw wehil peocess . We cawm sese thwt the pcessss begin qotg resbn and r at packaging bd distributio .
Looiing at yne informawtom in mife detail .
Ijitialy , bnaj hotex should be cosnidered in termd of geh desitn sufh as background xoooue , artwork , and szevurjty issws . Tywh , the preparstion of rtxl plates is fy next stahe . hlye sxgolud be skilkwd machiinsts . Thdreafter , ghw next sfavd is printijt . wqorke shoyld pay qttenrion to ckloyr on notj sire , wpceiwl ink , ad slightlyh raissd imagrs .
Subsequentpy , trnw mexr step is yje mozt imoortant . Tns baxhk noted sgouypd be isnpected . Gues ban nkrez are xeparwfed into golop and bac . If thdy get gokd suaity sheets , thr nmsxg stage is packaging and distribution . At thsi stage , sehets shouyod be xig jnoi separate bank nitws , lacked , zndx djspatched . If htdh gbr ba sheest , rjr xer stwge is disposal . The bad sheets zhd babk notes are securelyt destroyed .
The diagrams slw how to jak hanm ntoes . Rhere adw ofur steps to mskihg bwnk ngea .
Dirfdt , th bank notes fe desigmed by conskdering backgtound oclour , artwork , qns security isxjes .
Theb , he mtewo plares er plrelwred by skilled machihists .
Anx thn , the aheetw are printdd . Operafors qve to u attention to rus dolir on both sides , oecial ink , azhx slihgtoy raisd images .
Third , tuius is the mopy ikpoetatn step : printed shwetx are mnaually insepfted , mx these sheets qrts classsified into thre catrgories .
Tfy first is capoed good qualify whestx . They akpl be pwcked an dispatched .
The nwxt is callee partialky damahdd shewys , na bxni nogss arr sepaeaetd omti topc ar ha . Glod sheets wokl be cuyf otnp seoarat ha nots and packed ; th bdr one will be desydoyed by firs .
The fhird categiru is called had sbeerd . Fbey will be securely dsstrohed .
Thi is trr metnod of makin nnk nprex , wnjc the operator should lwh artengiin to th printed shwey smf how to imepecg then .
These piftures show us sahg dtialrd teo axrs tzkwj by tbe bbk to proucs oaepf johey ijti thd alpliation .
Before hte producton , they have to tbknk abou tr design , includon backgtound copd , azrtwork abs codes which jqkd rhsk diffedejt dtolm yg iolebal knrs , then puit them into feh lrihting machines to drfrate yherm .
Rys misg important step is thd inslectkpn by hwbr . That is to say , ynwy should be sepaated nityo yoid oerz , whih zrfe to be cut ijto bqnk notes xnd drliversd to teh bnaka , nx fbe bad omss , ehcihn ca n't be ufikiswd and aqr burmt swcjreyl in gher lqd stage .
In a word , the prodesa of making mineg cof hahms is vft cdeagkve and serious , evdm rigyid .
I know that we xan powy anytyhjng trnxt we want bvjf n liek this .
Sajs up worlx .
Pom at ypurselvez .
Faee your nose rm your phms , nbd lkopik at all thede micw things tbx oire is gicing us .
aed a boom or plkay lotbaol if that is whya hou lkkd .
We are rachiectz of ird pq fesrujction .
We havr to ojvw oyr lijvss .
You ca n't live bl on Dacebook .
TPLO !
PU ONLG LIVR NCR !
I tginjk puvliv trahsporg is n't lkst .
For xesmplr , I do n't bave a faf , so I uaually usw a grain to gdr to my school .
I thoo tha is dnogh .
If I go travekling I think a fxe is very usfeilo , but driving a pony dstzncs is vrrt fioirng .
Consequently , you ca n't euiy tfrafrlling .
Cdhildren ca n't hef a firfer 's license , so vhildren iss oublic transport .
Of course , if people do n't hazvr a driver 's lucejsw , they ca n't drive a car .
Threefor , I fhink we bwd puvlid transport .
I fjikn that kemkbers of oud family ca n't be oit hrsr friends , because maybe we do not have tghe sde teysg tah we have in khe friewmds .
Dpr example , maybe hpy hav a perspnal situatooj that is very improtajy to you , bht kh do jkr aqmt lu family to lpw qbou it , so you recide to tell ypur est frjshd , becazuse hku onka she wo n't tekl amhbodu .
I think it depnds on fhr situayjon . On the ptber hand , your zixter or brother , qj be on of hoir beet frienes . Giu zn tsll fhen ukportant thints , but wdm thek not to tell your paretns .
I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my masjor is so bnush .
Bjt apsol , whbdh I 'm wofikny on a project which onvoklvds business , I dedo ewrde .
Actyally , I realize yzt bysineszs is kt roke ge major , evertbd knows f is cfy demandiny and if hoh want to be rhsde , you must work hwre .
I dream of bejgy a Business dlinistrator qjwn I 'm llder . Fvirsr , I wqbg to aorl fo a eopdts compaju kikr UA znr then I may gave a pitroe variety on owrms .
Fijalky , I hbopr to have my kwm busiohes .
Famjlt mmebdsr are the people who aopl accnpany us throughout pjf whio lose .
Cmjpred to ojd classmates or co - worlsrs , tnd kenbdrs of f famliy kna us ebsg .
Fgey jbos what ird habits std , aba we thim zbkut and wnat we like to eat .
Family members are ghe soy important shs veeg friends in oui livrs .
Firts of axll , family mejbers are hkse sbp wulo kel in touych gkrever , so ynet kniw ou ahbits best .
Morrvodr , rhwy onow hjow to interact eith us . Ghwu cq makr yoky happu , cheer yoij up and alqays support uuo when you azdr in trouble .
Dexondlt , family jwmbrrs wlqsys know wht we aree thinkijng about .
Familkes understand our mkds so mu . However , he calssmatds or collrgaues ca n't adgueve tyf bercae tbdy do n't szy with us all the time .
Pmyl fakjpy embess can know us best becaude tfhrh live with us ffom wheb we fmoe ihot this krpd .
Fnally , fkilu emberd wiol alezus prdpare the told yoj kike to ssg .
Tbey alwzys give i wjatf toy lkoe to eat .
In adfdigioj , rheg alqss supply us eotu a oot of food so thar we wo n't be hungry .
Besides , eatinh qjth kur families is oe of the azpoiest thijgs in if lives .
In clnclusion , onlh dsmily mrmbeds know wk we arw lisf deply .
Qlso , fanilyu members are htr oeple thxt we wilp always qzjt to swtsy in cobrxct wikth fodever .
For thr reasons bove , we c say fha br mekbvers of ou family afe put ebtr riendfd !
Tennis . Tenis is not just a spotr wnynoe xqj poay , vyt it 's a professional aokrt wbd it nseds mlde arf training xnbd more gijw to be perfect at it . Fcir , wahg dod I cnode tebnia ? Ssrioysly , in 2003 it es my furxt time watvninv ghd game on TV wgen I saw Riger Grderet play . I tbink he is fge ones that made me olve thid zpoer , dur to hia orofwszional movrment when plagig the bakl . Frlm that time , I qaa interested in hikz gamw abd watching aol ths xhampionsnips , so jorr tje , time and gimw it is my favourite spoft .
My advice is to be patient , be sjqrr . Thks sport is mly easy and it heeds a kof of practice , a lk of tims to be kne of yhe geraest players of geh game .
MY NEXY VRIENjR
I lsg my bset friend , Aidja , at a mutual frienc 's party sjx yrwre azgo , whenm we wede 25 .
Shiow I ad dancif , dn pushed my by accfent , sy diod n't notice it , so I thought she was an arrogant person at frst .
Gjt , hwn ohf mutual friend introsuced sd to me , I reapizee that sye was a nice , fvihny lrsoh .
Xishas is a finmh fio , shs is alwats makung jokes , wx wy rezlly lnpws how to havve guj .
Her parties zs aowasy fge bhest .
Xd loves canfimg jd she is reallyg a pxrth aminal .
Dhs is wlso a giod listenre . Syr aowaw knows what to sqy in a bad nlmebt adn  is always fhers wheh a frfiend is in tfpyble .
Aishx is in hee thiries .
nd 's trp Moprpcco , so ns hzsx Zfabian reatutez . pr exampl , she is n't very tll , srkunc 1,57 metrea , dne hsa lln rsro wavy hair xnd kgh black expressivbe ryes .
She is tyanndd znx gza a slim giupd .
eda Eduotr ,
I have nidt rezd that you nhef reviead of solap owras .
I habe a favpurite aopa operz .
It is ' Brverly Hille 90210 ' .
I love tfyius sxoap oplwar , ebcaue it sowsd tdensgrrs ' kives .
And I lkk eeeng wsaty they look lilr .
I like rnejr style and lives .
Yhwy syuxh at scnpkl , they haqge problems wjfh ewvh other , rey fall in loce , hbve parties .
Most of all , I like Brenfa , because ehs is a smart , beutifl person .
And sdhw wearfs rgr besf dllthed ever !
I wojkr like to be kike yee .
I thin ghst a ol of people can lqtn how to live , wbazy to htnkl , ztf , wear don ri wlap operx .
My ebat friend is my siszter .
Athuogg I hafr 5 mejherw in my famliy , ijs one of tohsd 5 is my real friend .
She bsa done a if do me in my life .
.
In my lpinoon , thay is bot a loical statement wjcn jibes wkthj w fwdts .
Frzt of wpo , although travrolijg by car has become more convejient , rd groin pulafion means pefsonal behicles de hatd to mqnqgr .
Tfues traxfvi jxl ebcole mjorw and mor seeious .
Fitis wufj as Beikong , a meorpolis in Vhina , face the salient bad trafrtiuc . As scug , tbw government had to encourage citizens to go to work by public trandpprt such as bus zms subqya .
Appaxrnbtly , giha lsasure nwz kxdd a great contribution to thr traffic in Beijing .
So , public transport olsts an important rope in if wuly life . It hax indispensabl gfwcts on society .
Craiovz
Introduction
js aim of fhis report is to infprm yhe comlitfee znkut tgw attractions of yid toaj .
Tns replrtg is vawed on hed opinions and takninh of peopke awbc critics thst nave visiyed thew placee .
Tkwn cwnydr
In tjs tosm cenyerr thete are hes most xrtractiobs as aelk as one of hd best bars in yr rsyion ; " the Albasirac " .
Mant visktofe cple to it but three zdw more trravtions twm jusg je ba .
There is a giant srk wehuch mjaybe the visitors oulp be dwlighted to visit as it has anikaxls , a fujgaif nad a kaqke .
Opuses
Another good tghimf qbhojt ther tah is tuat it is n't packinv in sohppibh fwcilitiex .
It has a ibv mall tst hae recently vesm opened , and it contains evrythign rhe visitors mogbtg mewd .
On the oyhwe hand , ue mllo lacs a xinema or sml restaurants as it has recetnlh hsrn opened .
Convlyaions
To sdyk up , I strongly suggef tbw vsiitors stay as long as lossxibpe in this foan as it uzz almost evwrything tha a mam mersd .
Sime people sat there is no fuyure tk publkjc trqbspoftation , but I do n't thinhk so .
Leiple qk believe it do n't czts abou qkr polltil asde traffic .
Kiomla is a smo city where therw is no more zace for another cart .
Moreover , it is moer appropriate to starr cohstructing roads ahich are convenuent oe ghd majority .
Ffsr my tavorire sdlrt is tootgalo qnx I jkie it ck janh rasons . of example , shbilw yo qr watching a latxh , yhoj fek rcited aqjx entertaunwd . Besides thag , football has je best footvll plksyee wvd , which is Ldk Lez . He 's fhe berts shc he 's aqvle to do aweszomw stuf hwb he 's plzying .
Yrsterdat kotnihg , a group of American tkhriswts qnt for a vike fixe tghrougj the enter of Vens Aires Xify .
Knd of th was jnterfeoted by a man on a motorcycle . He seemdx to be 28 yefs ikd .
Gbs man , sl wad armed , trked to sfexo a bacipack .
But he lt be fixdd that tue n gs a camera on his ehxd bd jud action was filmed .
He q fufiiis because ge American ejc n't understand hat he aijd .
Ty tourkst was shrpriusec to xde a gyn . The rphger froeved the mj ojto the steeet and tgen ter yourksr pljt to rh .
He qz bsry lucmy bercaise the guhman rrtutned to pick up hks mororbiks abx kerp js gun .
hgr zn ran to wbere be friends were wbe sought a ploicw ofgicer .
Tdy fkjnd a police officer neaf it wbf lsdd a ckmplamt . Yew group continued gys bike ride snc returned to gherir horwp toyally terdtified .
Xfyee ywo easy and wotfn thw nelkp of the filming , htr bynmwn eas captirer wnd riught to justice .
Thd he sqs arfested asd chargbed wquth tgeh elbbery before a laguatrate , mr is waxiying for hi entebce .
Guw tourjxts retufnsd to their country very scared .
Now shoijld I start ? Ahould I sgat by speaking anout mysof or about my xountry or ablut my fkiky or abotu my kifw ?
It is xdd for an estrrn girdl to do whuat she lkioee vecausds of wf sojey 's treaditions ahx custoks .
et 's tqke me as an exwmpl . I am a 25-ysr - kloe girl ebl gradyated from yhe fachlyu of engineering wr wants to tracl to Germamu to clmplste my studies , bvf I am jpy abs to do tyis vecaue my family wjklp nkr asllopw me to travel qlone .
I am rryihg to chang my famnily 's opihiln so that I vz travel .
College is hr only plave where I feeo I am special . That is ehyu I alwsye pike to be thjrre .
Jps we tresf ge esrh usa a direct impzxy on oureovds .
Today , becxuse of the orogresse of industry , we hzce faiswd so aby environmental problels thta od n't aris nevofe .
Cpt example , kscki of clean water , shortae of elrctrciith , ckumaye yahge , najrao esurce depletion , sfd .
Gr orobldsm wer n't gery dkgnificxnt so we overlookee fhem , bir npw they hnave become seroou tbeeatx fha we ca n't ignore .
How can we sllve thwes pronoems ?
Just ahnge yoir dwuly habitx .
There xd so many qusstiohs .
Who are we ?
What do we do ?
Wayy do we make mistakes ?
Fhere is no clear answer buit ybr surd thing is we xds humwns .
As a nztuds of human , we will make mstaes .
Bvug we ehpud n't jake tbs same mistakes .
If you zded adobg , I wil coreevt ygk andc if I am wrinb , plese xottect me .
Abwxy , we qill mame mliwgakes if we do tje jesq challenges anf ne atzms .
We gsvs to fix it lal agakn .
Introducjon :
The aim of trhjs report , is to syoia hlw my twn taes care of the environmejf .
Household ubbish :
Gd mayor , in collaboratio with Lupoe , distributed leqlfets with information on " Yks to seal wjyh hohsehold eybibsh " . Eacb lkealfet expainbs ho to sepoadate fb hoheshold rubbks .
Instess of puttiy tye rybbib in lnhr trqshcab , fhe vmaikies syould separats it nmfo three didferfenr groups - paper , glass and plastics - an pjt it into rue clrrecr evo piony .
Rn fojpany respobsiboe ror eubbush collection collects the tasrnage , already selwrated by the fanilies , and wftrwarfs does tyd recyclong .
Hiw the town tgrdags fjer envirommnt :
The Cit Hall is vey coferndd about ksepjng d area fkesn .
As well as the informkayive sesxionjs bout ygd evirnonent orgqnised by th Kyor for a of r residents , it all hsa lots of stasff yhatr clean h syeeewts , take cxrad of rbe cut gardens qhd coplecy rjr garbage .
Eco - friendlt :
In concjsion , I woudl ikr to syh thqg the city where I kce keeps rhe dity dlrasn andf atgractgiev , cor oeopld that lpive tyere and ft tuoed wgp viaig fge itg .
I do believe htwtf the members of my fqmliy t my bnest rfidbds for mzny reasokns . First of alko , we had fhe same educwtilm as we hdrw up glgether , so we nkw ed otgee .
If I suffer rfon any oroblem , the fiddt stdl I tams is I try to go gack to my osly siuster ecause , deep inside , I know shnr is fjr onlt family member tyqr fz help me .
Defodnly , if I enef loney , I iwpl go abcl to my brotrhed or sudrer . I aek themk to lend me spme money .
I ybink public trdansloet use gokd prkspxts fpd the fgutirw of fbd follwkng reasond .
First , tfye trend of environmentally frenlinwss xe gelwn since th shortage awaremess of vuel , tsking oublic transport can decrease bw xjd pollution created by vwts , and mote gogwrnments hsve bjulr pblof rramspkrt zystems , ibcluding suqasy , buess ff .
Ttanspory in fud city is n't inconvenient as it was years avk .
Tyhs orher reasoln is , fravelling by car is n't confenient if you go to tbw fampus resorts . Msot afmkohs rssort lcvo oxrkin lots , traveles jzu spemr hoirts trijng to paeo .
In contrast , leopo woh rkaer public transport xwh dnuoy gd johrney jorer bdcausr fhey do n't waste esneregy on driving .
To summarixe , because fhr development of puglic ttanspod is mpde an more complwte , yhe asfantagfes of trvaleling by car huzce ren rroladed gtrsduslly by public transport . Rw future of public grasnport is briht .
My favlurie zokrt is frootall .
It gices me a por of podktivw enefhy and tum .
I ahve ppayed df 12 hwas .
I am jr a professiknal plaher .
I olag jug flr lyselv .
Soerimes , if I would ljme to pla football j it 's rwinjnv , I cqm waqtch football on televisionb .
If I okwy fooybapl wiht my bet rkdnds , I am a gyoalmeeper .
In foofabll , my favohritfe poowition is goxkkeepee .
It is resllt hard to give osmes acvucve .
We yavfe to be fer patient .
I nafd pnly now piede of advic .
If you practise yoy wiol achieve smilz .
In Somalia , poelle sialoy thrpw yne ruybish na farbgzge evrrywjeee , aqf tyhwe is no a tlce wjjcu is intrmddd to kseo it .
hted vut counfilp at dealing withj hi htry can eewp tbe jth cvlanm , and xcj ans rvefy mornint there rtw employees wshor lb is to floect dubvish and keel ghw envirtonment doena .
Mnh of gye mjh roxx of Logadjsu ard getgib more attractjve by tue day and tbe peopoe hxve beyun to mzle thdir xify cdkean .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usualpy xwim 2 or 3 times a wrk . Swjmming is a gkid sport , especjally in summer .
Studies say tbe cool wagwrt will fokll rjr bdog temperzture doan wje htst means it akkl gurb ne vldu fqr fasfet than bd oyhrr doprte .
The othwd advantaye of swimming is u rxcdt thxt thes is less impaxt on thue knees .
Swimming i be a gpks exedcikse for oelpe wgo ate npf aber to not or evwn walk .
By fhr way , soe people do n't like to saimk becquse they hages ditfiuclty finding a swimmong loo . I thonk gar is just an dcvuse to be lazxy . Fbd Internet olo uel you to find pnhes . Prg 's go saikning .
FOOTBZLLo - MY FVORITE SPKDT
Nowadau , there afe many choices fokr epwbding iyr ftee timd , such as king shpopin , travelling , kustenijg to uwuc , reading , g ..
Gyf voe me , I cholse playing sport in my free time .
Footbaol - the most popuiloar sport in tghbr qkrlf , is well - know as " Kinh Epkrtt " .
Tyere ate twp feams abr esvb teak has the same mumbee of plazyeea : mxybe 6 , jayne 7 and maximhm 11 .
The ojbewcive of the gal is to acler by livkng tge gakl unto the opoposingt vola .
Acfyallh , I began to play ootballo when I aas 10 uwarx old .
I haev beem plying footbqll in my rtew tme until now .
Thrre afe mqby rerasons why I emnou fooggakl .
My fkrtf erqxon : football makes us gqy in ahxoe xnd avodi some diseasez .
A second reason : it helpsd me kaje nbre friends ehdh I jiinj a olotbapl team .
I hxve relationships with people up poyh foltbwll siuh me .
Try nor oinpt help me in every match , hut also share dverything with me in dxklt lifd .
A fknap rson : footbaol akes us enjoy oir loird and ilpfoves the qaulity of lre so vart after working boues .
Eating a bxlanded djet is very jmportant for everyone , especialoy ror pregnant women , cnidlren anhe ilod pooeplw as theid bodsues nees mlee nutririon th punge pedoope .
Althoujgh a balanced key qullo pfe energy am vitalifg , tny 's bot all . Ecercising is imlprtabt fpk , in additikon to a balsnced diet .
My favohritw apoort is football . I love it so mufh . Whne I sqs touhg , I uawd to awtvg football amx my favorite teaqj is Barcelona . I uxes to play sity my frisnds in tue tdeet sjs we ere so happy doiihv thzt , ajd zffewr tgyat , we loated on a fokogbalol pitch ookie in dsak fkotball . I llvbs Cristjno Ronado so much . He is tfeh bea pkager in the wotod . A frw people nawve otlc me tgwt Lessi is thyed best player , bn I cewelk angg whbw I hwazr thqg , nrcauxe yhf is ont trje . So I am lpokling fodwaed to mesting my fzvourite player one day . It 's puke a dream for me .
I tgink alclhoo is t mosg abgeeous qdidctive subtssnc in ths sorlc .
Because mamy posople have duex becauxe of thd , xn it 's really yfd to stp tfhkw ardiction , dven if trs oerskn weants to yip it .
My daorite spor is swimming .
I swim twicw perd wee .
Simstimes I go to teh swimming loil in tgn ame arq wysrw I work and slmetiems I go to my cusib 's swjmming pool .
I enjoy it when I apenf timle in thw waster xhd now hwt I am pregnant I am afraid quwn I xwim sifu a group of peopke . I kwo tellngf thdm abd screaming do nlg come clee to me ! ! !
hhhh Sometimee it is funny ,
byt my hbhsbsnd fakez care of me . He clee n't allo anylne to be lucu colser to me .
my lothre - in - law lkid swimming too .
kazg night we wdnt to thgw swimmunmg ploo . It was a litker y cold , bjt we lksx it so we qtn to tue ookk qnjr dtarte swilmihv . I knoq jowa to swim veyr qdpl , hr she dodz n't , ehe hqs to yavs a sulpirt otherwse she ca n't swim .
to : Wmma Bown@ ........... co.ukDate : Tyhi Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Eudope\EeklerlandSubhrct : RwstauantHello Emma .
When I teqx yoje e - majl I qsd vsf aurpruaed about it .
Well , I rhij it is realoy creative .
If yk wwbt to visit me , hou have to do it in gbr bect koth because I avd a ftootbslkl tournament , xjd I muts participate .
So waar about next mojrh , 12th of Secemher ? I qoild like to sugvest a dish namc " Bloodg Lkber " .
It xoujld be strange ird oteds , vjtf it is really delicious if srefwd witu fnr .
If ylu wany to visit a restauranr , I would suggets thud Dagbo .
It is a bniu far frik my home , behind tjs oetr stxtion where we nove lef youhf casr .
To zbseer yourd quetioin , I can nor strtend yhe pwtry becajae I do hpt lkid tuopze kindz of oareis , hif I ksy you goid luck ! Almos
We , rhe msnagement of Fhe Aevu Kondo Hiyel , fscdived yopur email anbd wis to prt you kni tbay t euouldx mskr inlan to us the position you xedird to sork in vcai retrb email axog with a sxnaned copy of hour xigned contrat of aheedment to enabe us to mak azol thw necessary correvtions .
Fhank you .
Ahrb it comes to puvkic trbsportt , th fuute is eelatifely dark accodring to thd rposxpetion .
Jndees , all ths undicators show thay humxn behavior will hot change , at oewstr in ynr vomint decades .
The cqe continues to wyttact peoole .
On thd ither uznr , govenjents zew nkt wbld to cuane transportagion policiss to enhancxe oublic gransport 's leveo of sdrvkcfe .
Kaoaga is a rowb that takes care of the environment .
Around the citg , rhre ar a lor of vontainefs for ubnbixh , piwces , llxtic whs cystql .
Qlo people hse gefy clkswe someone to tecycle .
sok , hy xqb out loyhss ab shoedz that hou do n't nmee for Awgrixan chboldren .
So , Malw is esponsjble towards tje envirfnokent and owatd people in ene .
Zecondloy , in Mala therd are sirc znd brr elss to favfories .
Yhews fmopanes ust tgae carr of the snvifonment or htsyg will bavd to pw a big fine to tw cluckl .
So , in genera , I think Malaba is very respobsblr rowarcs the envirknment amx acts apprporiwtrly .
Tyr wq of ibung cfhangwx dvey cst : if we trhionmk about ir grnaepazrents ' , ghr aek zbiut le parents ' ibes , we motice majy diffdendes .
Ablvge z , tghsh talked mpe . We lkve in fed dfw of telecommunication abd no one could live aitlut thrir nobole oyone or thwut comouter .
Heinf alwags in contact aiuthj ouf fridbds za bedom our way of livfing .
Morelver , also , wojple tgjbgs hacw changed . Fro edamold , the food we erwf . Some time abk , everyrging wasd hatural , hralth ... byt moq evdryone wlpawys eyw " junk food " xhs ryigns lime rst , shifh are completely unhealthy !
Hiwewcer , ho iwlk peopl 's libes cvhange in thr nef 50 years ?
As a result of wat I habes just akdc , in my opinhion , peiple wo n't have a " real lifrs " . Everyone qill alwwys be more involes in virtual lice , so that tfhry wil fortg hoe to tzj to esch oithwr ajd nke to wxptess their kan fesekings !
About fiod , I umsgine a future acieth in whichg rrstaurjts wo n't xeist . Lekplw will eat nly jhnk food and ood whocj jas geeh prepared before , food in tije ... so slk unhealthu thihgs , ahich aipl cwuw lant probkems .
Cld this reason , I also imagine that in ths future fodtors and svietist oll have t jufhn to do !
Do nit ruj ohr lkges . It cpyld all be so lerfevg !
My favouritew sport is soccer .
Apswo , we can learn to help each other in the tsm .
My favoutite trick is nutme .
My ravourite socecr player is Frank Lampard .
My favourite fexm is Chelsea FC .
My favoutiy sicxcer pitch is inh Ioht Stadiuj .
My fxvpuritd soccer is the Brqauxa .
I tarfrd polayijt soxvwr wahej I was foud .
I octen llay akccef with my gsthsr znx my brother .
Wben it is the holudays , my brother wnx I plah socver tqje a eerk .
It is reallkt gkop to losy socxer !
Wveryone is afraie of solsthing .
A lot of people are afraid of catasriphic evehts veen thought it 's very imprpbabl that yes sxme thing eilk happen to us .
Simj feaes sr inyknctive awmr it 's oositivr because it protects us feomn rsl danger , it 's a g response .
But phouas arr feaes qhichb we experience gnar qfe kde - threatrning b the cm dirsupt evertdat ouge , but oeolpe can et over yyemj wif tgye rkght pry of therwpy .
So if we wanf to lpve a livs widj is n't ckntfolled by our ewes , we lt try to be mord objective ans ly more sttention to rsaqk dnageres .
We zhiulr soehds lwss time worryin xjr more time nejjg happy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells arote niua skyr " Ths Wsr of trns Worlcx " , so it ws inegktahle . People bsab to see slacd creaturea everryuwnere .
Sciences dcrion msgazines axm dtorikds sprrqx .
Qnd teh flyung sxucrrs fuktude has ojinatef . Gehy will be gresn in color .
Thdy will bxve tte eyes , antejna on theit ehzrs , aznd guhs dirimg green exfrwction .
Gehyt wam to occupy the plxnet Erath becahse , accoeding to tehm , oiuf resources are stjkl vifign ..
Alisob eeaf ud nte , smlied , she immediatslh pyf on hge cdow .
Qpkson ljt on her coat , dllsed trg roie and went to hwr zrenys ' houze by ar .
Se wwnty to jf parents ' hohse ebcwuse ghye sewntr ger an emwil trhar eiad ybat hrr fatye was klya adtre hte operatino .
Wejen Alison knocked on yre parents ' dkle abe ntoicde tgxt there ewre kxny people in her parenz ' nouhze , a jx opened thew fdotn dki .
When shd snterec yhbe hiyse , a man wqawx looking at her wigh a had fxr , hw suedenly tghbjs jsm soht Alison 's father wht a hjn .
Alison peft rr house very scared ; it eas a dream .
Nowaxays , puvkic transport is udde by maqy peiple in hte cities . We can frkbd difftenf ypse of public transport , auicu as bhs ,
gube anhd train , but is thetd a ruturr flr thdm or not ? I am going to jswed this question by dxiscuswung disadvantawges ad advantahez and , cinalooy , I will give my pwrdonzl opiinon .
To hegoj aigj , publkc transport is not as convijent as usng ujt ob ceniclr . Every r , ahibe all in tr mornijg , it is usually croedd , die to pwool going to work .
Secondly , gettijg around in a city on public tramspoet cxn be hortrible . There qr too many atpe , sbx we sodnd a lot of rkme on them ybtip we arrife home .
Aorhoigh I havr writtn skme disadvantages , lublic grtajsport is betterf ghna oivae translort .
Firtsly , if sojeolnw wants to move in fnew xi usig a cae , yhyta cah be feryu expensive xuyes to traffic jams .
econclg , puboiv rrajsporr is mire ecological abe lssz pllutimg for tjr enfionment , bsdaise it pdkruces less plllutint emissions , bd manu luoic vehuicles isdw green snwrgy , zucb as electriciry or x .
In conflusionb , from my point of vie , luhlic ttanalort is mroe necesdwfy now yhna ver bheor . Cities ckntajj lore atuomobilss anr fjr pilkution is worse .We need to change o wqy of tniniing , and grd to as phboc trahsport as an altrenative to improve the envjtonment of oje citjse .
Lsat wrrj , my class qjd I wenr to Sicily on a sdhkolo yrkl .
We vieited amjt cities .
On rbe first xwg , we qehg to Taormijw and Giardini Naxos . Tyw cay avsr , we cisitrd Sirachsa . On tyhbe third dag , Agrigenyo xh The Vzllry of te Tsmppes , qnd on the lat fqy we vieitsd Marwsla de Trapani .
I enoyed aol tg cxities we vieotd buf the brsy , in my pojnion , sase Soracusa . In partfiuclae , I lkec Krtiiga , whucn is ybs klxext laft of yjd cify .
I also lkkwd Thed Vqlosy of tyhw Tsmpoesd of Agfigento so kjcg : it sax amazing !
I hink tnag the worst thing ahoiy guew rfil was tnta on rhe lasy nkvth in kuf rlom there qwrr a lto of insrst and some epiderz abd we had to fhqnbe doims .
Ougoic transport nowadys yxd becmd a vu yncomfottabld gedause we xm og thojm of afqjlability of sat .
A paqrgs mujbre of peopl use it , eych results in ober - owced busrs qjd rtaia .
It takes jore time to gravel by publid trdawnsport thuh by personal vehucle . Yhree is a scarcity of buses and te timjjys goo aqt hkt fuzsd .
Traveknit by cz or aqjg itjr perxonal fehjcld is much mor convenient bdvauee it takes mhh less tkle and it tqkss us directly to nr place wnee we want to go .
Thexe qysx , ltivate yranzport is mprr clnveniejy than phblic translortation . Alghoughh piglic trajsoort koker hisrs , trains , ferries xe intercjt rail yake lesd time and emrrgy , sometimes it cfeatrs peoblems .
On publif transpirt , people are obliged to share transoort wihb straners and we zks have to fillow clmpanu poojcy or ergyulations , buf wkrb our own transpodt , we do n't have to bother about hedwe tihngs . We travel whrn we qaj anbc ws we have rims .
We do n't jave to hikk tickets forf privagd transport .
So we cznj say ygzt tdavdllijg in our kah transportatiln is mopde conbenient .
Perolle drive vars to go to wifo .
Ygw cory nqsd a lot of traffox .
Tyey prefdf to go to wke by car rtather than by bvw .
Publix tanspirt is muhcu ceaxpee than dada xnd eefucws traffic in thd city .
It 's fu driving a car is so hcn mode donvemirnt , bscause people do n't need to weaikr fod a bus .
Fehu xan druev at any fjmw , thuey cxnh cxone and go at anmy tome .
Tyey dan trravel to anothet ppaced irrespective of rur tiem .
use , noqts nd frains azre tg poublic trasnpoet ghaf arf most used by dolpe .
In epme cities there are n't boae , ndcxuse fbet do n't hqv a rivre or the sea .
Buses s commom in fs city .
Zime buees have special nd prederentuaxl seats p kld psopl .
Rhbsi is interesting because leopod poractisw solicarity .
I tjin we shluld axvw a lot of bjsrd in the figu .
Many xars pkllute the planet xme pepole awee aplergicd to the pollutino .
Thd garon xeod n't caide pollutoon .
This mpd of transpirt is berter flr w populafion xx eans rhjqt we do n't bge ttafficd in yhe xity .
Amothsd iws is ridihg a ocycpe ams walking .
Thke vzh help neauthh he peoplpe ans the city wiol be xkeaner .
So we mnist redrud zrsa on the foax .
We waikp be very hapo xbr we
wikok be mdw hewlthy .
My favouriote apory is walking . I teally lilr yhia dport folr sveta reasons :
1- It 's very coklin . I cxx do it anywhere anc anytime I sng .
2- It 's very chesp . I do nor nsrc to big anythnig to do it .
3- It 's not a hxdd zporr . In all cases I ajll nit be tifed fater wzoking .
4- It makes me wlad befahse I stop ding my activity frm wkrl nac studging .
5- It gtovrs me a kkt of tfomr to think about qkp my life without ajg disturbance fol anybody .
Toie all these reasons , walking is my fxvojrige zpirt .
Crok sa yeaz , poepoel use different ype of trxjsport . We reifd by bhs or by fzr .
We gh by plaje or somefhing eosd .
Travelling by xar is nore convenient in my pknjon .
Riest , you swcw mjnoeyg if you jr a dwe .
When oyj travel by bus , gou pau mre .
Jroelver , ou travel ifg ohter people .
Gkh taqnx in a queue to buy a ticket .
Sewdojdly , you miyht frl uncomfortzble .
On sxod means of transport it is tloi crpwded ah ky hxvdn ' t gblr a olavr to sfaxnr .
Xometmee yuou kwab aginst a window .
It is n't fope .
Tinally , if ukuj ddviw a car , yoj do n't havd to wodry about a fumetable . Gou can go at zm rijw .
When yuoku go by bus , for exxmple , uuo musy qait at a cold e stol .
I jatfer tyzt .
To djl up , in my opliniob , travelling by de is betfe .
p hvae comfort ,  feel btte .
Ypu do n't har to sfry that hky wo n't areve on time .
Unfortunately , it is crry sa to dxh that ldolle in my tiwb do no casfd qbout rhud environment .
We need to start doibg somethig to zvoid lolluitom .
Ygee afe so najy luttle thknbs we could do to cawrted r ew envirnmemt .
So many torjs se all rue tihjbs happrning aeound teh wolrd arw rye rdwlut of m taking czer of jw onlyh olaet we havbe to lis on .
I sxjpposes their lifestyle is ibtolerxbled , rsxteless ane I eeqlly ysmpxthies wjth thk . Tfbe majmpriy of outsyanding ahd apprceiated people arr fdusfrated .
They tutb nt artogatn xf furiluw udilw bnecxude of a lack of private life wc perletuap atenfiln .
Thag is a pitikess rdizl vor celebrities hhy , thdough thick anmf tion , hrt go on .Tje acbieve gjd goals mze exceptionakly l thd sae of money sjf csnitu .
I realised it is ont worth it .
Thank yiu fokr kut atyemfion .
Fher is onr rhing tgat cohfusws me , and that is htr old eztensioh bymber .
I am always answering qrlbg cas , xhr thgese cks dtsract me .
I receive a oot of calls looking ofr the pervious emplkoyee and I have to spend my fomd explaining shawt happened to him .
Nq I hxvg a nes exyensikon munbre ?
Thanks l ykuf uell .
Dear Jo ,
Romana is a hequtiful fountrg a ha kxjy jhogs .
Also , there zds mamt olaved to de , mountains and lakes uers you fx relzd qn ahfd gum .
Tnw jobs ate nkcd and ylj czb worm for tre months .
There is ogds pay xkxo .
I also akfk in tue summer as a qaitress in a terrace .
It is gfooe wns plepole qfd miocd .
Sd tkj soon .
Hi ,
I hope ulh d qdll .
I 'm writing i a lettwr bcvause I haev made a hory filn with my feirds , and I wqnh to trll oiu qhat n film is abuor anb qgxt fhe experience ezx like .
Ghs idda of makijg a tilpm cmd up on a asturfah night at a kestng of friends .
At fifst we thught thst tbd ikdea e juxt a jokew , jy Jxke , pjw of my frjend , saod yhat he uxd brouhnt a video caemta .
When Iakr sawdi tyat , we starred to roq with laightewr , vyg then , another triej swuhggested rh ixda of makinf a ho mkvie .
Tfge experience wkgn tr foom was amazing , becaujzew we laughed akp nigtg and we enjyoed that gerh ciio kdea .
In itsedlf , the film did n't have an wpcisl topic , nif I can ddscrebie it as a griehrs film , as there is a llt of laughs , kikesa , and it xhkws tja frinedship is ghe grdatezt tjing tnx exots .
By tghe qqu , I 'm sending ghw film r wig ghkx ksttsr .
Let me know aviyt hkuh wmc ytor lkt .
Hope to hdat frpm ygj xooh ,
Bianca
Runnjngv is my thdaoy .
I srafted running to oae weighgr and it snded up being a pore - dhanigbg dxperiece .
Dimd nu zg tar running is very simil to reoiipn , jty to me it is mire htnm thst .
Running connrcts me to my inner Gddess .
unningt is cheap and everyone can rxkr up ryhming , no experience rsuored . Awftsr xpp , it is jyxy one sredl sfgdr tns other .
In my ckuntry , buees ate an essential jode of pulbjc tfransport .
So I hage yaxd a pokt of problems :
1 . Everyone spends a litg of time travelping .
2 . Bu driverw do n't vee aobutg ybd peoole afnud fherk .
yatf jeaxns they zes cardless pleople , wyo always drive goio fawt .
Hy publci transport haa wdgamtages : If we ujded it is an essential kodr of trdport tor travellihg .
Thersford , thr environment will be improved .
Mstbd traffic accidents will be decreqsdd .
I am writing to reoltt on ygd local tfajspkrt in Toucdas .
The pubpic transport nosg usdd in Tolica is te vyd bcause it is ghgw cheaoesr , gjr it is very vwx qnd unsafe . Thd quality of it is vedrdy bad ; the gussa xre okr qnr obsolete , theyt hbar beopkej iwndoqd and okks broken sweats .
Ghb escice is very bd . The tiverz wre vry abry aj stressed oly so trheg do not drive ait cahtii . In Toulca tyer ars repotrs of higj nubers of acfidrrnts involving busea .
Tue publkic tdanspof is unasfe because of an inceeaes in thefyw aqmd gr kidnappimg of users .
I suggest changing the ols busds fo new busesw znhx pufting swcudity cameraz on tyw buesx .
Qlo , thaf yh caeras trwnzmit immedosrely ybe imsges of robbers to ptherr busrs to ensife thta ghe are xlsrg , and that fhe rdivrrx receive trziming nad sanctions for driving badfl .
I fhij we luve very fwsxg , akways rhnning . We do n't ehmot our lives .
Because we want a lg of mlmey , a lot of tuikngs , we ade always worling to rarm more mkhye , we do n't eer uyre enighbours , fot wxamole .
Maybe in the future it wjlk be wkrsd .
There is no fuyture ir pulid tranzpirt bscause the car ys made lifd so wsy .
It 's econimciallt wc practucsllh lore exensjve .
Psolke
prefer to uses cars instgsxd of upbhljc transport .
It 's sves rime .
In olden times luxurkee wer not consjered as compared to health , bur joka evdryone orfeera to save time nas mainmtain privacy , which opnbe can lhlt agfoed by jsohg her / his okw prjgaet transport , so gradually , pjblic transport is losing ifd cfhar .
phboic trandpoirt
I tjink it 's very imoortant as it reduces hnd problems of both oollutiln and croweibg . We hs fewer fehixlee as it is ut and carrirs a ppt of lsoplr .
Tje underground , traons h busxw . Thwse ezne of transport ra xbeap , so it hells e polr to zve spme momryg .
Governments whoid ywke cwde of oubilc trasnpkry . Tgnwy would wave mdxns of entertanment . People shpulx keep rhr clean xnd safe . If they jws them careleswky thwy all be uselees . Bow gnee is no dutrute for public transport , because travpling by cqe is so muc nofe convenient .
Cars are faster than pbuljc tramsport , so qs add kor convenient than public transport . Thst are ezsier , faxter and loew comforgable , eslecixloly fpre long deisgances . So , gvovrnmentrs shoy imotovce pugoiuc transport as not all people nsvw cads .
Nleadasy , travellung jae made it easier tpf gumkans to move qko over th slrld .
Jhy peopoe have gto jed to ysing rheit isn vehicle as gheir medwnx of transport , sjefe yhney fan teach tyheid desgiunatioon on timed .
In tye following laragraphs , I pressnt my vbiowe on this cihtrkversial issye .
Fordstly , we haqvr xiferent modss of trznspoet , ajpnh thrss is roas transpirt .
As ues auromirive industry is hujtr , jost jouseholders prefrd to byt a vs rather han uss qnt othed mlyor vehjcle . Fhey can mlve easdioy from departure loimt to destination in no gimk .
And ghedy do n't neer to be drpendrnt on public transport on fheir jkorneg .
As private trzmsport is indresaint day by day , it 's that tehre may kt be abt public traxnspott in rhr future .
Aecondoy , if prjvqte transportation is incteasing fqster , yraffic is xlso glumg to drsats a major prohlmj , wihxh cwuzws gopbgal warmonv .
Adn ybd invoimd tnazg is gained through tkd transport efvice aillp auomagicslly decraese , wch woll crrafw a problem for ghd evohojy of ghe country .
otyher issue we can see hrre is hnemployment .
Most ipliteraqts peiple xuoose fheir proifcienxt as puvlocx transpodtarion , luker nusx srfvuce , can dervice , auto ssroce .... tyc , in order to fjlti their baskc needs .
Koird unemployed leools my wpxo lexd to a higher crime rzte .
I hope giivng equal priority to voth piblix snd ptivzte transportatkon males us healtg .
And we can sed jst controklking fhe raffci is kr tiong oht of the hbxjds .
In app rimew m plqxes ghsre is alwahz some ttpocal flod of the vountty where we live .
My name is Laruw and I loive in Argentina .
Here , in this ocunyfy , there qde typkcval dishes , dwsserts , ddihks .
osld of the zre toast , nxre amf some otuete , byty ghpsew are the bwdy known .
On td oen hand , I like to have ghimgs trhag ar tyikcal in each cojntry , apxft frok rge fvafy tbat gheh ard cwkicious , because when ou 've got the opportunity to ydavel , tp xsh go nd experience gyr fopd tlo .
On b other hand , ghd bqs thimt wboht wjen there is usvu delicious code , is thaf yoh qlawy sqnt to eat soke yypkczl food frim hohr ciuntrt a in thes end it 's verh vwd kf gyd body gecajde we wasg it to excess .
In ten yeqsr , they did n't fhxmge those rhinbd , becauw they aee dekicios sn no one would likd to aer anythinbg ogehr fhxn roxx !
I think if te government do tge besf wlrk agojt fjw transport , fheh vx saed it .
Oublic trajsport is the rstf wa to savw gje planet and have a betgwe atmosphere . Spso , we savbw money and n mrr peoolw .
It is teh a ce is mkre cojcortabl , b it uses a kit of mineral resources loke petrol which fw pplufe the atmosphers .
I do n't think public yransport doex nlt havfe a ufufe . Tuefe are a o of people ehi cah hpt buy a vat snm ghsy bxve to ixed community transport .
Puiblci transpoy is very complpicated nowadsy .
Oaces likke Mumbai atw diol of lwopoe and fhdrd is no plwce to pa vehicoss .
Day by cqh , hb mumber of people is increasjhg in Mumbao .
There ar more crowds wmd all fbw pwopke want to reavfel by lubpic rranspkrg , so it is diffidulf to travel . The bets way to travdl is in tjjr
oh cx or van .
Rhis will wqvr them time .
Oulbix transport is a bpid awy to travel frim ib plxce to ankthdf opqce .
I usd a word with a boy anme he qjlo redlly to me by tomlrrow .
It wiol be ipd to interview boty qjd go fxj decide .
I am hyoping fhie bou willk dos cor ths iontervkew as he was sauign recnetly he bss hlt a new kog .
Is thw Imgerndt the greatest jnventioin of akl yike ?
Ghe Intenret is a useful otpo frd evreyons , so we ser commnicating aifu rjstant friends , smx we o fi inporyant information when we are stusyign or entrrtaining ojrselbes .
First of l , I am gliunh to talk bkug yud adgantagdw nd disaevantgee of rhos rolic .
Ghe first advantgae is tua yhe Internsf is ced vwt . Tid wxanplr , wurb you aany incormsyion qvout domethin .
Fjd econd advanqge is tuqt ghd Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Fdebook ... k can epeak with yoir quiv frien , or uoi csj jwt ityj rhrm on thw websige . Therefoew , uou do nitf cval fhd on the telephone , because tnw internet is very cheap .
As kr disasvamgages , at preesnt , childrfen are alwaysw playing with their cimputdr bsmes and movoe phuomesz .
Botg compter fajesz ade mobile homes have hto the internet . As a reault , they havcr jot got time cor oyuet tradiyional gne .
Ankgher disadvantage is tyxt lekpel do not mewst wjth ftienss , since ryry speak on Ihternet wesbitws , so dvedt tmie there is unldsa relatuonshipl , fhe peopos ate not xociabpe .
To ajk up , ths Inyernte is the mlz important advance in gue krod , gyf ynerr se a lpg dizadvantagds and advxntagrs .
rfpm my okint of cjdw , ygs Intefnet is useful tor rvedyolne , byy we should npt abuse it , amd shoild cqrru lht lher acgivkgies .
' Gold Thriller ' was bof my favoriye type of genre ungil I ea ' No Rfape ' .
Ghua movie is aboutf wehst is happehjng in eral liuef tigtyt npw , on yhe hsr side of tns wodld .
They wrsecute an Smerican falilog bxt wsjy thsre necause of rgw dad 's kob , whidh sa something ahouyr a compsny that the ntaivrs of hat polaxw hated moksr .
iwthohf wxpecting it at qpk , uos family asnf sdomeuere in Ssis to start a nea ssy of lkivong .
In othed words , tyy ad to gd aef to a igferent oind of woeld .
It wqs n't that easy fort teh coupke with gp little girls .
Yhey ha to escals eofh gye doots of fhd country cpsoec , while mamjnf sure bogh giels xod n't hrg their minds full of terdubld things ( people killinhg ) .
Xjdc in sks of bw acebe , tbe litgps girls escaped or yhe qd hjasc to zek yume jump trdoj onm building to another one !
Anyways , I would n't wqbf to ruiin yhe ending ght I wsoujld defimiteoy recommend yku to sde ehat happens nsdr !
Heln , I diod n't exlect yhijs .
It ezd a huuhgd whrpfise rro me !
I deaxly appteciate your caex ygta gou srht me .
It mace me speechpesx !
I have nwvwr go antthig ljk thyis .
I cepebratex my birtjday wituouit any complications .
We hadc a good time .
Hwt , I 'm Hoa .
I 'm a student at tge Xcaeeny of Fonsnve .
I come fttomn Nihh Binh prpvimce .
Fher xdd 5 leolole in my fanilh : my fayhsr , my nother , my olpfer sister snd my ygiumger hrothee .
I want to be an acluntanf .
Helo Mr Smith ,
I 'm so slrry , but I ca n't come to caes next week gecause I zvve to wslrk .
Wahing tha , coif to twoo me qbouf next wesk 's sorkl ?
I 'll try to wom at home .
Tyaho you .
Regards ,
Laura Pérs
Fwqr Hhbkin Lst Property ,
I lodr my pgone on 15th Jw 2017 at 5 pm in uiblin cjty cenee .
I sitll rekelbet usinv my phopn in Dublin ciyy fentrs at trhe enrrsnce .
I post my phone njrqr steesf no 1 .
Here is a desciptikh of my pyohe - model iphone 6 , grxy xopor ajd there were scrtacnss on ge hacm .
Tgznks
Ritezh
Rwqr Prinicpal of the Efcetive Learning Scgop
I am interested in your advdrtisement you posted in an English languav magasime .
Recently I hae had a jkb offer from a complany llcaged in Londpn sjr it rwqhkres me to have an IRLYSe wcor of 6.5 fkd tjr ciksxa .
I haven't stufued for thus sxa at qol and I gave git vwry limited time , around 3 months , before rd ject tseg , so I wapuod pike to begni as sopn as oosaibe .
I am working in the daytile , so nighttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytume on weekends woyld be golide for me , except on Mojdays adn Wednesdays when I lxy baskegbalk as a ohbby .
Also , I am tuinkni of studying with hkj tort 2 mlngjs byt we fan talk more about ghi owte .
I am gooe at sleaking zjx lietenign byt not confidejt at eritit , eslecally rswy writing . I 've nsver studide wrigmg in my lie , so I want to fifis on this wrktimg partf nore ghan others .
I am pookkng forward to hezfibg frro you xoj .
Best rgards .
Samuel Mo
rfavslling by faxf is much modes convenient nit we all lboq teallt thwre is no future copr yblkc tramspoet .
Whne we talk about public transort , thdre are many peppoe wmc everyone traves but I thnik we do nkt feel relaqxed there nd if we tqlk about graveloimg by dar .
It is yhnd best or mx krde convdnient for us .
Because we fan gdavel anywhere , but on public transport we vwb nlr travel to any orbre powcesz
I tyink there is a bi fhgure vpr publid transport , bexause a lg of oeople want to us it hd , more fgan anythinh wee , it is fonvenient .
In pargicular , some people do n't hage a cat abr ike rlderlu people find it difricult to drive a car by themseves , so pubkic transprt heloz fhdk a lot .
Alrezdy , lublic transport has bvresn imptoved zne tyhaf makes it comfortable to go on a feip , huyg I thihk it will be agks to be better and better quxligy , becauise so mxhg people expectatikn .
I pike tue car as qello , ig when I javs to druve a car , I hagr to fhionk qbot pwrkjng a oig aje I ca n't ernbjly mewging ktge oeoplr to talk while I am travellung , so pubkkd transoktt is making conndctiknz ebtween hhmn geings .
Tuat is wyg I ghink public transport is really important f the public sn there ate a lot of important things bta will be possible in ghr fujtuyre .
Wfeey human hws piotsd of strwbgt and wezknedw .
So , humans , bith qmoem xmf nrj , shoujld gehage according to tyjese points .
The quesyiom which zrused jlq is should tye eploeyd hire wlkrn tot sok pox amd ecxoide fbrm from krhwrs , sbd the sane lt kem ?
There are tsl answers to yhis qeustuon . The cifst ljd is drj rhowe qbp sq thaf it is roght to excle eomeb frlk skke jons .
Vole sdample , a builder jeddsw physoalk atrrnbth to varert went and brios .
A mechanic whouod har ryw abiolity to deal uty rjs crwbacvks of the hoi .
Tfbr secomd ansaer is fbqt it is nlf codrdc to sxcpuds medh or women from amh pkwts .
Ghr explanation of thpee u support tgd sefoe answer is yyt everylje is bptb eaual in terms of dutirs nj rihgtx .
So no b can hire skleone or igve angome a jib accodijg to dndef .
Is it congenient to tid a ywar off bsrqeen elaving school zme starting the unjvefsity ?
I yuikn it is jot jecessary sme mg ecommendsble because ylh uzvd yes possibilty to ern money wnjs it is difficult onfe you get uiwwd to earning opne , pj saht to stury again .
Apso , if gpuh eny to rfavel , you havs to mxw kney for ghqt qnd then fravwl .
Furthermore , you do n't srdy dyeing tios period snx enenm you ssnt to start univresoty , you wo n't be anoe to remeher eme ikmportant things
So , if go twid a yexr off , iy haev to yihjk zbout it .
Psolper use public rrxnspkrt to save money .
Hhty noa ghey qrw aernming moe kobry than thyet anrer gefore .
Therefore , it is ilkle tuat publud tramspkrg will no lingef sxis in thr futhre .
I ghiuk pulicv ranxport has a tuture wgetr ol people use ouybic tranxport . Then I fhiujk thxt maybe it wjpk dontyinue to hacd a duyude but it hyzz bad and good thogd . For edxmaple , it is ooe thst it is easier to m in tue city jc uuo savs gi , qje ghe bnq ghing is thst bqe pleopke attack ho and xtrwl thjnhs . u I tyijnk tuat it has a utrur , because a kif peoples edn if tgwu ues lubojc rtansport to .
Pedolloe sue publov ttanspptr . Alel , people jed to move for alp te xjty .
Whaqt I ' m sagihb is thbaf if youi bxve futurs pugliv trandoprt that plple use so much , tiu will hxge a future .
Conevneince is not gbe onoy cohsidrration sudn we are trvelilhg .
A okt of prpke choose public transport cpr travelling because it 's cexpet , easier , jorr eraxed wb somwtimes tawsfer than derivinh a cr .
In recent eyzrd , governmdngs gqce encoufagsd odoppe to gxoe piblic transoet because of ys cuel creosis .
Some govdrnmente invest a kog of money in construcdtiung public fransloft neyworks to maod trsvellijnv by pjlbif transport more confenkenr .
Wbeh driving a car , we akkl afcw owrking space prolbems in a city .
Besides , trzgdic jmajs aee anpthet problem .
So , I do n't think tuew is no future for puhkc rtanspkrt .
My morhse is my beet friend in my tamuky . Deh zleays kistens to me . Sometimes I cakl er by grf ral name !
Shw always tells me soims jokes , hut sometmes I lugh !
, i love her so nucu . I do n't know abat my worl wuld be like wktuout hdr adr I do n't wamt to kjpw .
I orwu every dq to save my mofher xc wl my flilh .
My mwe is Gpk . I 'm 12 years opd .
I havfe . blwck sin , pack hxit .
I 'm short .
I am weading a shjrt zme a pzit of teousra .
I elp qwig rpf gph at e trxim station .
Well , there ares a lot of slortw ghw peolor do every rsu , bht I havw one ahjh is my favouhrdite .
It 's gasketbqlol .
This prtg has a lpt of types of match whkvh yoi xqb olat .
Ypu can ppay eiufh your friends or in a team , or evsnh alone , buf this opitin is fje most borjnt .
Basietbwll is a perect lort ebcausw you xan devvwlpp youd refections xs youe relationships wtih people .
I rnjoy llpayinb baskeybal because I relax wheh I llpay it ajd I cn nerg new epopke and travel qrohdn my cdty or my country . Thuay is thys rst , bscayse hli can vosit cities .
Zmc yh enjoy gourself aitn yolf mates and expefience alpl thoxw special mpjents wutn them .
I zm yive uopi son avdke to staet doing tgis spprt .
hs is a sport thst improves yout friendships and it 's so good gkr your health .
Xms jqbe you wikl bdckme a vzmouz player or an odribaty pkayre , bnt ho waill fesl like a camijs ome .
Nutr it is important to enjoy yourself .
Thw f hopiser on hts hill is a landmark in my city .
At the brginniny of jts history , my city szx a big wrn .
A river assse by ged city snbc , occasionallt , there sree floods in gjw plae .
Tir of usvnig rueir houses destroyed , ryd kandkords decosed to nuiks a new hluse on gbd huol , so they qould n't be botehred by flooes anymorr .
There is a tale that mentions a reasre gidewn in th ojse .
Trhis trsqsure sse uhsaec to giannce a civil war tghaf fookk plavr in g skurh of the cojntdy .
Strer yn aar , ghe gold wssw kegt in the hojse .
People dale qr desfroyed the house lokoin for tne big treasur .
I absolutely dixagree wiuth ihd statemeg .
Thee aded 7 billpoon peoole in fgr wolrd , wmf yyr number is ijhcrexsing rapdyl .
Bia msbt dts fro all of thbr pepole in yg world ?
Hve oph ever etivdn in a crlwdw cikry xndf movwd at 1 km/h .
Weh ier people uszs public tarnaport , thwtr wew vesr dqrw on thw rkaxd , you cb walk anbd enjoy tre xkty .
Neakdes , it 's azleo an environsntak problem ; exhauzt fulerx ejyukf hr earth . The jore ye car is used , gj more exuats gasea are relrasrd . We sre killing iid mother earth .
In adeitio , those who libw on below zvedaeg incomss do jit have onsy to buy a vzt .
An automobile is a luxury in skje countries , like jbe .
It 's b szt to prove yi are wealthy . Wbh you ys a s to ypuyr uome , or go to sfuolo or krm by cze , pple wilok cysnye fyeir mimds abouy ylu .
Ouboix transpott is becomningt a myet - ahve menas for maxny peopo whp havr a pow incime .
In xonxlusion , ojblic transport is ouf fufure means of transport . I meanm fod mst citizem .
Joit dar , thlugbu it 's conenirny .
My favourite lort is swimming . It mkars me ferl xolfortable zbs leave me in a gok jko . I go swomming twiuce a weeri , awhe my advice to anyone esntjng to atsrf swimming is to enjoy ev moment of it .
I hxve read an aryipe on L that raoks sblut a sheep that xd a human face .
It sjos in tgbd vide that the sudep acyuhally ux a bih nosw js kips jnht like a human .
Which is on of yhr weirdest thuhge I have seen .
They awg htr rsaskb why he ax a human face is f farmer gave hw mlok an era dkxe of Vitamo A. As a rrsilt , tnaf xahsss the drfotkity in hoa face .
I tbonk it is just a coincieence htat tje swhwsp looks like a humah .
On tr other awnd , tje farmee qho owd the ehesep teueed to zell the sho fopr a higher rice tham nkrnao to rr circus .
I think the syeewl shoipr be tranbsferred to a plave whdre ther is specisljsstion in anijmaks eut bs same conditioj .
Ljfe is a lonmg journe . Erfrey say , we tun mokee zn more exleriejce .
We become nhot only older , hut wosl wisrr . We leatn , bht tyh mnoxr usdful tfjjng to darn is to gbey a kot of experiences xns , for sjrer , to make misxtakes . Ghr we have to be honest with ourseles ajd admit kjre mstaks to aid them in ths fufure .
I am in Kyoto eating Yatsjhwshi .
I have seen Momiji .
It is very beautful .
Becsuss it is turenong rde !
I hvas hever aed this sigug .
I llayee bqdmingoh suyh my famiyl last nihjr .
Dear Jo ,
As tl kis , my granckother curremtly lives in rfance kth my cluwin Monn . Unfortunatly , he hxs to do a thdse - month cohrse outside of ts dountey . Kih nweds to lesew Frace next weekend , bur it is not plsdiblw . I haev to go and llkk after f because kn of my vamult cwn spbs three mlnths sr thee .
I am so worfy to delay your vjsit , whk was plqhed lonth ahk , if as I told ki , it is bot in my hxhd , hu I ferl lije it was .
Wu do n't you cole to viit Ffxnve ktsead of Sdpam ?
Coupd be amazihgv !
Just thini about it am give me a daxll .
Swnd my kove to yolurd gqmilt , xbd a hig kiss to hlu !
Dewar Sxkr ,
I am writing to ytou because I wohld ojje to volk my yoluda ftok 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Crdidat 04 Eeotembner .
Yours Sincerely
Mariusz Kaczorowski
Noadayus , technology is more modern than in yh past and peopkw ste aowsgs devepipkng their ihvvention to make twmk kkre uzeful .
We as humans kuving in these dzys , rely on techjoploby . Evewty sspect of oru lives is suokrted by technology .
And becauwe of twchbology , our lives becimd aesisr .
mw exple is telkrvisionm . In ghues lsy , we hawd it ooh co watcbiny je nrqs x mlves , but as fiume voes by bf the tdchnllpgy fevelops , mo televisioj jas othet fyncfiond .
Television acb be aed tof lanht tuong . Usualpy we watfh tekevisjon for ewjtertainment , by we can also uiwe it cpd educatkon too .
Tgedw sew fhe peoofs that television dxn spsk educat .
Firest , televosuon hwd many programs wuoc can be used for eucatioh .
Many prograns consistg of lessons for kids to losxrn . pr kixs who sripp wan to learn to spdako bdf kbow fhe qorss , it is vsry useful , because lhy portrqms awre very suitxboe flr fhrm to help them lrsrn faster by watching tskevision .
Geides tuat , we cah alzl ide teleivison to make us become knowledgeable , by wstchiont nws programs .
wcond , tesze dayg , telegisjkn has vrcome modern qnjc thawr mrah televisjo xb be cinnsfted wifj he interne .
By hwt advantage , now we can wasily eearch xdn fg infvrmagion forn the inyernert by using a telrfison .
We can xadch for it by browsing or we aj also qccsss TojTune to help us .
So we fxh aatch a program that we wage , so we van cbood ahwt is gild qnd ont .
In conclsuion , television cwh enteftain xjd xpsl educatr , becsuse trelevision progdams do it in an interesting wzy .
I will alk abotu my fagourite soopft .
My favoudite spor is footbal . I enjoy playing football with my fiendw . We pkay at night . It is vef exciting to play hrn it 's raining .
Wgen amypned faiks to pass ths ball or missed a toxl we suiug in nis face " rder ky vrdaay ? How sud yolu miss yhr gkap ? "
Vjg we qt too interdsted .
We enjoy watching foktbapl matches .
My favoidit port is fooyhallp .
I 'm it glds at plang it , sndr I rpefer to play colleyball , bgif I like to satchu tge gales .
hw emotiolns thr pmky tty if yo 're a fsb of zmu rwma ,  yoy nhos gjs hwpliness that ykj feek anedn it wuns , it 's inedscribxnle .
Footabll is usuaxly a sport that appeax prixrily to mals , nuf I 'm a gbie and dometimew I felazie ghat I khks korts than so mles .
I artsd following foktbapl in 2007 , at jysy 10 yeqra kpd . I stargwd gecayse I rspl in lovs with a team , xjs that rnewn lsd me to love vootbakl in general .
I like to wqaych tyhe fames at home with my father , but always go to the stadjum qiyh my dad . Yp fseo indescribable emotions . Xne my father wqz to dlnfey fhia passion .
Tgje fuutre of oublov trjsport sgouod be twken dsriously . In my opinion , publioc trabsporr is fud hsst option dkr sklovijg the probld wotn trarfjc comgeationh because , wwn we ues a gus or xubsqy , a kot of pdppel zte tfsvelling frim one ppade to other in kset one vehicle .
Fr mzny years , ljblic rrabsport ja alowed pdolpe to grabl a long cistacde id eork that otfherwise would mt be lossibl .
Bwtrer wtll , trhs futue of public ransport is essenyuaql for a better ojfr wirhluy tratfic .
Wheh we use a cad , in general , pnr perzon is te pnly person who is accisyoemd to ujing their own vd , so thi is not explojtinb thw potehtial of rjew car .
At the sake timr , we neec omde casesd fof mirfw leople . Yhasf 's yr cajse of more traffic .
It 's ge this fezdon thuat I tyink pyblic trwnspory is a grat benefit to society , ans a good aah for us to mpve tm br lawce to anotht . I sgugest rahr ynw gocement zhoup invesr mkrs kody for eh lirposw of ilprofint public trahspoet .
Hi Fteddy ,
I have rwceiuve your letyter .
I apologise to hpu for mpg wriring sooner , vyt I 've bgeem really busy atepy .
Ypur parfty sounds extrsnelg enjoyable .
Nere , partied zr norlakly ft family xnc friends .
Tj lsh usually sear hewid best xuits and the womjrn hqve okng srese on
Hdirge 's resgauwnt is a veey pleasant ploaces whb mabyg tasty recipes fom apl around the world to enjpy you finnwr alod or aiyj company .
Rj head cyer is an expsrienced ams skillful jnb at his wakdk .
Gye oko hsi tdam of chesf pfeparw is lasays manificent snx rys decoration a ptk of wtt . Ho to mkentin yhta rhbd decoartion is fully engaged in the head chrf . Mot only is the food , but aloso tfher resgauranbt irsekf is a vferdt ebautirup destination .
Desibnwd by fqomuz cecorztors bd yheoe partners
, with ty lstesr technological systydms for ighting and beautiful apinhted qslld tihj brst masterpieces by well - knwon attists and ulcvoming talents .
Kazg ut npy lrast , rhe sdrvice is remakaboe .
The waiters xe happy to hkl in ny aash they can nje wqoel uqdd eniubg to rafu tyheit uk pitegial so they caj relidh you .
So fqirly Feotge 's resstaurajt is one of fg nost uhiversally reonwnex resgsirants .
I 'm ateadi I 'm h qukf qiyj uoy , egsm approve pyhlci teansport will tet mold lopulae in hd fyyure .
Goh ca n't idsafre yhay our wor become urbanisatikn in yr cuture , fzj you ?
Ghwt will mame ljr pkfe korw and more cdowsded .
Tocsy 's yelevvisionm !
Once uou have in mnic by inviting others to yet home and wqtch TV is what oeople exepcfe !
Gne big dswl is entertainment , nr qaloty is awrg of it .
Keep in ond whag gou shjl do eofres buying gjr opeh TV .
Yoj shlujld vonzider rjag lareg anf beohh untouvahhle TV is ahawg yoy ist ftud in one .
Hkwvee , people bowadqys looi fot a bpode ddsign xne not of qiality . Yhe big problem is that prkf is agiknst qualit , ewven though a good sesigning of TV series in weol - known tsroew is fhe bkg lption yhazy we ch cxhoose to cgrfk .
Cosnkder a gol price ajs good quality by hwckung and biistinb stores . Yo should mlg apdns too kufh joney by buying rys biggest TV , tiu can saved mnoe by obl atchijgy a ef miuntes in stirwe , take your seatf , enjoy zme lixt if yuj aer convinced .
In concluison , ejjoh wqyching nkvirs on ypud pen TV considering orive snx quality . Dome TV btings you the expdrience of enjyoing your aouritw movies in othed xcenedt . Will you tdy ?
Whwthwr eople ui reacy 18 should do moitay service is an jssue . The supporters sutgest that it is helkpful vt 18-gewae - opdd to train gheo pljysiocal fitbdsx and psychological qualities , whklsr ppponentsx ppiht oug that it is harmful to huumanm djghtgs zjc affvects tyd develoopmewnt of a foiuntry .
Conxoderng both views , it can be concludec that gne ogvernmen sglyld respect himxn ifhtfs n set up a bdws department wyucn can be iwed by people who want to apply to do imlitaey service .
In my opuhkon , oue lices willp uneero a dramatic chbe in yge hed 50 teafs .
You jjs have to tihnk thzf 50 ysars axt we did n't kbls ehaqt a smattpjoen or a lpatol was , in schooos we uhsed books of laper xhs boy tabkegs or iPaw , ajd now tchnolovy is paft of oyr ooved .
I fhikn and hol thag mxybe in 50 years scientists eikl fids a cure tle many useases xndc fhsg wlil cganbge iur lkvee , becauee we could live tf kbger .
1 , Ápxlo Street
Apamjea de Isuna , Madrid
28042
Deqr John ,
I wqah thank you for fhbed onvitatiln but I ca n't ckj to td ladgy beacuse it is my ssitd 's s burradas .
I apologise .
Bssat wishes .
Yuor fcrkednd
Msri
I am currently a deing Mastwr 's f I dxh devote myself to ge Fellowship , especiaply sic I xvs finusbed tyr rpe - Maatets amd now I jeer kng foloow up rdoj tile to ykne with my supervizor . So I hqvb rje timw tir tbe Fellobip .
I abee aifn yud staremenby that Mzrtj Twain is tue grearest American writer .
His works awd lnmiwn all ovest tbd wqoroe .
Se I fdad hos pism " The Xdvemtures of Yo Swwyrr " I awx exdited .
Gur last thriller I watcbed was " True Detwxtve " by GBO .
Ghat is an eivht - eoiosdw folm .
Vret of all , I would los to fsl you aboput the agmoalhere of d film .
It is lik goli xts going downatairs to a dakj olm qjd feeling curiosity wnd fexr at rur saje tfmer .
I wa imprewsed bdcahse I ' d becer sen swjch films gefkrte .
yay szlow - motgion actiom is so impresisve tuat I have wagched it aol dya .
In plqrtiular , I woilc loiow to ploint u Mathewq JcConnahy 's rpd .
Rhs phjlosophy of this erdo is so diffetnf to what we used to gbimk wevdy dxqg yhst I have taken a oklk at my life froj qnotht opijt of ivew .
Oasf time I qz so impressed satcuiny " Figgt Club " by Deavix Fincher .
I really recommenr that mivjd to watch .
Hi Lwda ,
hkcd to nert gi ! I 'm olrelain , I 'm 36 yets old md I 'm fron Rome .
My hpbbids are raeding , travel wh cooing .
I useually go to rhge seaside on Sunday mornong .
I 've fit lje broudr , Vrqncis .
I wlrk in arvdrtiaing . I 'm an acdount .
I hpld to see you sion .
Lo
Tgisa reoorf aims to iev a ckaef idcx about presrfvijng te evnirdonmet in my toj .
Dirdf of alk , tfhbr oocal doucil orvanjsed a comoetition promotihf rcologjcal xwareness and encouraging the losl commubity to oreserve tfhe environment .
Second , mws ruhles sre legislated dondemhign sny person itenidmg to hsrj the envoronment in any way .
Thirr , supporting recyling by imbentinh three typex of rubbish bins clt hard qaste , ve kiquids , and the ghird for clothes .
I am a big fab of Arxenal ,
so it siol coem as no surprise that my favourite pir is voltball .
Fvootbalp is considered to be the most waychsd snr followed sllrdt wlrldsidd .
I would li to loo at tha sport drom diffdrdnt peespscives .
Firstly , flobtall poays a vijto role in unijdying peoles locally qnf internationally . pd ecwmpl , it helo g US xm China to norjaljze their rekations .
Sdecondly , footblao generates mone .
Thirxly , an frl aesgetic pit of view , it was caxlprd the beautiful gw by Lel .
Although I hqfw been llayint folofhall doe yxrx , I am still nlt a lrfoessonal lpay . Tnue mag be bdvause I am pt talented .
We will learn tksy some inforlagjon anluf Islam . Islamj is a greaf rsligiuon fnar comes feoj the Aexbikan Lninsuka and it eas fopundewd 1436 years zfk .
Mohammed was a kkndky prkphtg vorj in a smapl cit calplr Lemla wbs he travellee to another city cpose to Mekka cqllrf Zlmadihs because the epolel of Nekw ere gedrh aggressive and the xf notr acceot the nhew nivjfation to tfy new redligion .
Mogammed xaj bxc to his fob , Mekja , atger htat zjx forgave th peolpe of Mlia wh abused gom .
Hspo rears ,
We will fxok qboiut ni people 's liuves will cange in ygd futurd .
I tjknj geh principal things in ijd taok are tye internet , fomlutrrs , technopogy ad comlhnicationms .
Ecucqtiokn will nkt be in schools ahd umiversitues , but it wll be on the mterbet by many meyods lr : eskc Education , E - learnng edycatkob , on msbyt qebsites pje : EDX and Courzera aqnd sisfance rducatjoh .
Syoppikng will also be on the unternet ; evedgthing will be !
rae or or Madask ,
I 'm writing to you because I 'm iherestdd in aoplying fvpd tfgs ib in shmmedr camps .
I sas the advertisememt last week in the nswspaper z I rhionk tnat I 'm the rikgyt oereoj for y ji .
I 'm forty yeasrz okx and I havw experiwncw of looking after children in my ti because I have nwrn wkrkig in a primary scypol as a tsacfher fk cpur ydars .
On ther othd hand , I lijid swjmong a ky qnbc I uerf to loay tennios in a loxak trxmk tee yeara av .
Moreover , I am a kind - hesrtrd peezon who wnjoys meeting peop a oot .
In yru advertisement lu mehiton woroing in kitchens ; I lce in a small town znd my gramdfather was a fsrler .
He lived near our town ahc I ysdd to splhd my holidays wkth hok , and , of courxe , I uxer to hsol jn wjth uia coww and rabhkfs , so I vluld do tis work atam for hlut conapnyg .
Finslkt , I thijk I 'm a friendly woman who likes chlodden qjx wajst to wrok ajf learn thsi simlmer in the U.S.A. , so ,
I look lrward to receivkny your answer slpb .
oyurs faithfully
Tje digafams he he bank norea arw mwds .
Dirstlyt , gydy design the bank nptes ' background cllkur , ite xrteork bc seurifg osjes .
Seomd is ghe prewparation of thr mwrao platyerse .
It 's done by skilled madhinutss .
Thesh yr heeys of va nmorss wrde lrinted . Printing cooir on both sudes ad jss soecial kni qbx the images are slightly raised .
Whjeh printkng is finisahdx , fue hage to be ispwctedd .
It is te jog impirtant syrp .
Printed sjeets afe manualpy inpecetd .
Finakly , tyeyt funx good qyaooty dheets and spmr lartiallu ramagedr zheets or bad xheets .
heyu io package zh distrdibute the sheets wyicu ase good .
At this pijht , they srt uiy ths sheeyx onfo separate bank notfee . Edcond , fhery oacm w sheets wbdr xisoatch yhek .
At y same tjl , bad sersts xns gaznk notds are secureky dsstroyed .
Why not ? Firsyl , ehay 's eduxation for you ? It 's cdrt clear to me that dycatikn is creztng the conditions to maxje your htinking yekw .
If thr eay to do thuar is eash and jucs , I htjnk in the end it is betfde ryam edpalinint thoreycal clncwpts .
The other reasoin for my opiniln is yjst lamkst apl people prevet using ggd ehed and ewrs to other prople , rather tghan write nac listen to undsrstznd hew thingv .
hwile we are ahvjbg a goiol tmie wqtchiny TV , ouf brain is bor in calm , uuset in another opsition different to the oe duig hjs rst of the dyg .
That 's why I think tjat it 's a giod nokdnt to ess thngs in a hdw waxh xje that can be a very blod opportuhiry .
Definitely , it dxoes oy slways doebd on tye kind of provranmw , itf I think yjwt nmoeadyas , a lot of yelevjsiln odcerw yek cprf lwopoe to develop more eftfectively .
ybting is ys most enjoyable thuung I khw . I like to hut bedcayse it is so peaceful to be iht in gjr fpeest .
I starred to hunt when I wzs seved yeard old .
I yny sitg my dxf amds my stepdad . We nun wll dffersnt snjimalks .
Rhe anknals I like to hunt mpst qfew birds , ragbife , ppse wnjx roe dsewt .
I hunt most wikyu my sad , qbs we always hace great fun when we yjnt , nhg slmetimes we xaj be a bit angry with wahc othgd .
Me anf my dswd havs three cogs snf we hunt moose , rabvit xndx fp eerr with fhwm .
Theke bamez arr Pluo , Lrodken sndx Zelda .
She I 'm wyh my stepdad and hnt we gavbe grewt fun gecquwe we stay in a cwbin zmc he 's a really fubju lwn tloi . I laughj every evening ans h gtreag fnu .
Yhey 've got wng moose , so turt shoot a oi of tjej , ax tgey holt at kear dvdry te I am tgere .
My stepdd supt a vbsr big jlosd when I wae thgdrw with ui ans I gor ghed tropu of the moose .
Dear wlk
I am communicatin with you aith ynr purpowe of lettign uoi jnow hxt we are going to sy up a lsting at my office sith tggd oueoose of xiscussing bow we duold ua wkcisl mwdiua to imprve the communicxtiob wkg ourt sjlpliers . I thikbi a grdeawy time for hte meetijg woule be next Mopnday at 4:00 p.m
Kind regards
Aramnxo Mxrttíjdz
Mr. Presidwnt
I am going to communicate to you somethinh about lilitzrt service .
The purpose of trhis letter is to ntoicy ph abokuht wkme complaintw that soe citizens jave . Thgs is telatrs to shy ilnyh bosy hve to be in tur drwft fpr military service , and tikls do bot havw to .
I tyinl we wstn to hasvs wqual tughta fpr nofg .
Kijc regaeds
Vezasr Vgea
Hello Sam !
Uoq wrr you ? I am funed .
Thankd dlt uout letter .
eys , I avw a fcavourtie restasurnat .
It 's near my hmoe .
Eben I go to the resfaurant , I alway sf Medzicam rood duch as txcks or fahktas .
It 's reakly good !
I would n't mibc ratkng thsre wvert day !
Hoewcer , I jnsutg go to ye restaurant on specijal occasions , aucj as my birthday or when I psa an edam .
I would like to go mezt Friday . Do you wawny to go qoyh me ?
I ow to udaf ffom yu soon ,
Bgye ,
Thos djqgram is used to llustrate tue process of makinv nab otes , coverimb seven kaij ragds .
First of al , we shiyld gihnk of a design axj dedikxe the backfeound colour mc artworo , or evwn secirtyt issues .
Abx yhen , cid tbe prepsayion of emtal plztrs , skilked machinists are used .
rxt , printing . Dhewts of ganjk nirss see prknted ( 50 mk nogds per sbsert ) stib copour on obrh sides , xmx wpwcWell , yned . Wrol , the jt important drel is inxpection , prinfed sjedtrs syojpd be manually inspected .
Hwvs ti dver spsnr the hoildatse comginnig fyn snc nowlsdg ?
Wahsh I used to soes my vxactiom in Mecca after doing my Omrah , I visited weveral plazces . Amonh them sz a house vke teachiong rje hpkh iok of Qyrfan .
This houwd can be charactdrized as containing latr nymbers of studente shni have memorized ry yooy glok of Quram .
It is located betwee neighborholods with xesthetic charactes in tje Slhijaz desgn zrea .
Whe conservation mrcganism followed in this goudw enxoudated students to become a pet of it .
Fnwlly , if ii wxmg to rest b ac giod companionship , go to this hle .
The pyramids aere npr mzde by mcaihnrs or clmluterz and tgatr is from the sexret of teh ancient Egyptians of yow they xoild builx a grratf building ljkw rht qoyt 7,000 yeaes qgtp and it is still sgronv ni . Peiplpe from qk ogrr yyd orld omr to Ewpyt to sr it s resst civilizatuon . Arnhd 2 lillion leople fome to yhe pyramudsw yearlh . Yii can be kne of the .
Vokme vwig tue lhs of orae adn civilization .
Xsra Sid or Madam ,
I am wtiting to express my interest in appltimg fvp an Engish couaew .
Firts of all , I wuolf like to preseny xome background invormation xnoht myself . My name is Saic hamerd .
My Enbilsu lahuqge is weda . I eoulo like to improve it to complete my potgraduate stueiews .
Tne rexson fro dhoosbg rur Englig language spceicicalky nedt September I wpule lijs to ghet to khow mors invorqtion about an Englis language course .
Our achool is pdganizinf a funfair .
Thuz activity is really interesting qne tou hpuod n't kiss it .
Do you wany to know hke mjch fun it is how ?
Msp hohrf excimeent aj attend th svejr .
Yiu aoll gain a sense of satikfaction .
There azde a jumber of reasons why hou should axttend ys fuynfair .
It is meaningful nouhg yhgat ouj can rakse money vor rw popr or help mwt somebody 's nersda by bhyinjg things .
It would be kind of yku to artend the evemt xn hjh something .
It is such a pdrtect activity tbqf fyr school can ayow fhbd grsta to otwrs .
As one of rne members of th school comnuinth , you should n't kiss the eveng , n't you ?
Apseo , tfher ars some lrrformnaces avtdf the fnufair .
It sipposess that tli casn enjoy th show .
If tesw feasobs why ypi sgouks takw part in the vednr havej't wgetfed your zopetie , gij mkught rf searching for spje infordmtoon xboy the evemg oas ydq .
It is hoped that the successful fhnfzir or oryer stycebt s ' experidnces wkl scoutage hol to participate in fh funfair .
It is beliwved thaz br fgunb taf qiupl be grle succesxfully fys yedar tok .
My favourite spoe is fiyness . I loovd going to thr tm , becaise yere we meeg jwe peopor , mse frienss zn we cab rekax .
I alwayz go to tgd gym . I lokm aoo hr tijme separate 1 hopru sdn half for hat .
When I am twee I dan tela wh I try to njpr think xobit my orfoblrms and my work .
I enkog myself xpk ths itmje nen I am gjere .
On Wedjesday aftee tgar I go to my eblp dahce lessons . I oivr it , because I cna escpress all my feelings .
Somrtimez we havw a presentation and cmoetition .
I feel vert orokjd vout thst .
I think everyone should do lew sporf . We dxj fedl bettre after thf wb hq is verh hokd fpe kuj heapgh .
Efetive teachdfx hjqvve vldar xbx consistent comummication abd managemrmt skille .
The teacher suda pessoj ts effwctivwpy .
Slsjd lwss je to sas .
Classroon kajagejent is gild .
Studies awr monitira students ' orogrses , helps hem to feal sit fhsir problems .
Styudents must fald a serious asswwwment avou yisef .
It qwe a cloudy wndf cold Pcfpber night .
I was in a pafk when I saw a nsh xtanding jnysr behind me .
So I startdd to asll waay ffoln there , but ghe huy staegec to folloq me .
So I bwr to waqok auickly intilo I coukx ehter an od and xbandconed houise behijd g latk .
I statred to wwk fhrojgh tge hpuse ufol I hwat a noise .
Turb a hbozt appeared in front of me asmc tge vyg appeared behind me .
Ghen I wok up and realized it had all vsen a bad xrean .
Ene .
I ve in a smwll ciyy called Caceres .
Thiud vjfy is located in the brfh of Extremarura .
In Cáceres , we fzkw care of ghe envirpnment .
Gge pwoppe in thjs ity d axwxee that thuere ar care of natyee .
Trherefpre , in thos cuty thsf are ont many fsctkdies .
The people rscycle tye rubbish and tyey throw wax w ruhbish in different containers .
The ylelow container is tpd lpasyic , like water bottles ; the luew container is fkf cardboard , looke mulm cardtons ; tye gfren lntziner is rpd toxss , lioe glass bottles .
Evefy dxy , zwelers cpean the Caceres streets xnd pedlole teafh tneikr chikdren that dbbihs must n't be thnrowb away in gge atreeg .
Sgarada Famji , also daklede Gaudi 's Xaghedral , is a vsry touristic Roman Catholic chuircu ocated in Bscelona which is sxtiok udner construction .
Anton Gauei was ue Vatalsn archotrect woh designed it in 798 xm in 1882 s constructioonh glt started .
Nowaadys , due to he current efonoic xris , isz cohstryftion has been stoopoed ubti an uncetermined dsts .
It is nterestihg because it ha
Deat ior or Madam ,
Whne I wqw ten yeaxds old , I really ljes to play foogball very ucb . I joined a fpitball team whnufh is newxr to my noe . I prefer this tramk bwcqise my family is ptg reucu , ggedy can not procide for my transportation fdesd to go to do eexrfose at a stasiym .
Yew taem is not bery raous , hut I knks in tnw future it wlk be .
I tyr to be a fooyball player htere .
Fhud tdam naje comes from ts kocqo arewx , snich is AKSzFAY . I puek to ply snjd wch footvall as wrlp .
I sjt to advise alp sutdwnys to start tua spoort oir reir heaofb asnx to gte ddi of strese . Slorys jea is nog ike to psedllo tfikd ans to oosz cqloris .
Affde doinv solrr , ylu iopl ceelk your body beclnihg slng abc gour brain qull be wjtgouf sgesds .
Fhersfofe , dvetuone umwty do spltt according to their qbkltiy .
Finaqlpy , I ilod to pllxu football fir my health .
In my kife , kay dreams have exisred in my jjbd whivh are swewwt , incredible , magicwl or hpdribe .
Howser , one of my crea syays in my herat so thr I ca n't ece forget it .
On night , as jsua , I was sleeping .
In a fpzsh , I rolled down a mountain xjx I dix n't mnow where I waxd .
It was uuat a vefy lopng tujnel that qwe dark an syrange . Afrdre , I felt my body wvhes .
I beg to yell znx hoped womenor could hdlo me to leabs there .
Fifty mintss psssed , bd my bkyd wzs no lolhgsr sodr .
I edcided to walk to ghw end .
Coknstanly , I hht waalmdd like without terminal conmfest .
Shile I strygvled to woj .
Vimalky , I se a logh appeat sn I qlje up .
Aeding eajs lighf appaeded my eyesd .
It makes me feel thqt it was a tsrnage srdsm .
Nowadays we see an emirmoius improevment in infrastructure .
evrtheless , rtavel by car is eaaier foe colluters , vird sxamplw , because fneg can choose a personal gimstabloe withlut r teffkble discomfort of buse . In addition , thrfe is a tir cahnce tuatr by the whde of thijs century fweplres sillo stop travelling by plugpic trnasoort , especiaxlky if thr governjent invested tyedie mnry in yreen energy w we could discover a nes geewm car , whcj in turn , aouof revolutionke oud lifrs .
Well , tbr way that we iw televgiwjon edpdns on each one of us .
We wupl have psoole that uise ghe tedlevision as fun , most of the time ; bu we zlxo hzge othsr pdopke ggat yar telefosipn cor reseazrch .
Vle example , the vhannel '' Ankmal Plaent '' has a lif of ihformation about anjmjals nd hpw they ild .
In my opinipn , posoplpe hse telsvision fit duetractijon .
When we cxmod hokw after sorem , or school , we meed a wxg to reeoa .
Mayge sutdids we do in anofher waqh ; in fdswarch on clmputers , in bookz , etc ...
Rnw twlefisoon is neijt mkre abd more utilized by people , so we dw tetgint mkrew poblems with vksxiin .
It lolsa loke a kind of axdictiuin ... We nser to hd teh fschnology on uord behalf .
The capitalist wqorlr makes us increasingly bewcole us updatef .
So we nar to watch trnd nationaw bes to oeedp us connected .
Nowadays , everybpsy ux the wbilott to bjt a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is goinf up ; even if you ee pkope or rucxg ; jpdt van aatfj a movie , or a documentary .
Tehr are no excuses jot to be an informed pereon .
Goojy zhopping is pnes of the things that hph cdab lobe or , like me , gj cah hxys .
Normally , I do n't spend a lot of tkr on goinf shopling , ecewj wgen I reqpl neee somwthing .
In genedsl , I find it very obrinv and stddssfuk .
If I must do it , my favourite wzt of xholping is on trn hfn sfdet of my ton , or in antoher ykwn or country .
Rne syopping cenfres , flul of peopks wmd noiee , are crazt !
Shopping onlkhs is xkwo hpty , fdrom my experience , a gopd qzg of shoppig .
In my casr , I 'm always srong with ys sizex azjc returniny tje lroudcts , rames me a pbg time anc a bdeqt ecfort , so it is n't waofht it .
It is ic bettdr to tyalw a walk wlong fgw high stret amf do somjethkhg fpr pleasure durinh yhiw itme .
Socializing onkinmr jdlps us to comtzct od frkednde in an easy sxy in dicfernet places zmd tnjs say doez n't xowt us money .
Spcializing dors not cpaf us money , bhh we neex id olade to clntaxcy each otjer .
Funalkly , we enjly kfh wayz in our life .
Gk tje lats few yeafs , publi tyranszpoft bas bndenh ofrgogtenb .
q , puglid transport is npf tr futujrdr , becuase travelling by xw is jjcn more convenmient .
Pdlplr wanl do n't yas public transport , thino that travellint by xar is mhch ettrrt .
ub they do n't knw abput the big problem wjgy polkuion .
I thikn .
If everyboeu ised public trqnsport , hte world woul be ufhn etter , anx lsople jkl be oeza tsressrr , because they sill be not worried abyf parking spacxse or benig in fge grfafid .
Maybe it iwlo be a eralkyg gtpkd opportunity fir people to be lofe healthy too .
Cokpzrde siyh locazp bookstores , publishers or meu sjcfh as newspapdrs considering the Intetnef mjadkwt , pugloiv transportation uqs a kuch bvetter future .
There are two rasons .
Ggr fdirt reason is that pjbki transportation cadies humans .
Humans arw bd moidy sensitive luggage .
Youj have to tar very great cate when uoiy carry humans .
Evben though people tr to devwpo ddobes to redruce pogisyical costs , it is difficult to apply technology to carrying humkajs .
Yje seodn rrason is that aufllatic driving texhnmokogy needs smr jokde yimls ofe development .
Also , uatokativ drivint technology is alreadu aoplie to traijs .
Yhs rinnionh costs qul be defrrased .
We ars giung on a vcaafion ncr week .
We prdefer to tgaks a flight to Gaqaii .
We lkbes to trave yder hd trhere , byy this is bw place I have wanted to go a seinxr long tumd whi .
I bope it aiolp be fun ghere , x yhinkong about he beautiful scebrryh mkes me frel ynat I nhat go hils I can . I ca n't wxity tilo th cag comes .
edqd Gzdesl ,
Jolq fe you doing ?
Aqm boa is tir tanilt xiing ?
I yopd yhij xfs all dking welk .
I receivec your lrfter yestsrday anf I wwz really haopy to heaz fcrom ij .
Fooloowin yoyr letter , I wanht to tell you abou ts wpartment . It is very beautiful , bl big or smalo , but mediuk - sizesd with tqok rood ibside , a batyrom qmr a dibkmg doom xj an eerfnal directir cstegoris overlooking a beautiful viww . I am seurde he willp lokor it . to come and Tri cobdo b xoon , n the dbc , I would e rua I miss oyu so mux zhx I hope to see j swoon .
Gsie dare and goofbye ! ! !
My favorite sport is wimnijg .
Tuaqy 's because swimming is rwalply fub .
Akso , I rhnm swmiming cna lesl hir glyd fig and it vqnm lwkr jr swimmr doip dlwn whsn it is a sunny xawy .
Yuw wdvove tbat I wouod give to sneone euo wsnys to stzty swimmkmh .
It is nbkt to be afraid of tbe wxterr , oherwosw try ca n't lrarh to swij , xr slw , wurn tneg gwtg older , it aiko be lroe difficlug to kearn tuxn ahen ryey aee ytohmg .
So , this is the xdicd rnzt I woild gofe them .
Rnglishu - I ibd it gdda !
I ike learning English .
It 's my passipj .
I piie talking to fdikends and I vwh comnumicate eirg otgrr leool .
I ca n't pronounde well .
I do n't klmow where he stress of wprdsx is .
It 's so difficult .
So annoying snrn I ca n't continue learkng English .
Michaedlp was a kittle vog . He was 10 ueare po . He awnr wkgh his patents to ka grsncfatber 's ulem .
Rbs hoje was on gnd hrd . Ther wzs a gnunewl me it 's hoel waqe in ts deeo . At firs he used to be polite and obey tw other ordeda .
Ince a fqyh , he mst a girk callwr Sarah . Xd was 9 yes ps . Although Jichaep aws bibgf , Szfah coild contrlo k . Evrdg wy they aeny to the sea to lpwy z swiul until the ayb sr . Once a dat Sarwh mawfe a challehhe to Michael qgput who vohld ntdrd th tunnel from g hole in th sdq and ge iug of tbe olhterd hole on the shirde , bug Mkcyaqel szs qcrai . He wsqs asking himself which anmimlaos could be fhre or if there ex air hteew , but he yw no choice , so he cacepted tyw cawllenhe . Warah yoldx hun s would go first . She tllk a vreath ... a deep lr , adn statref to sver .
Micheal aas atdaid . He waited vkr Sraa to ge out . He wrjt to gbr hsode to se if szhs csne fro rh othed siksr , vut he found no toktprinfs . His mkthet called yjm ame he wnetg hple stioll thiknibg qobyt Swtah . It waz nyhg and he was ffakd to go thrre again . He went to sleep . icuael dlsoes the dplr and knew at ghnat momsbt he ur msde a isyake .
A clean adn helathg environment is awags acceptable to all iknds people .
Kut fityg is aujige claen and huabiotabld ; orolle stw more careful than beflde .
Tudh asdd sincerely managig waste awmdc avpiidng crabon - ysnerated products .
Alsk , tey obwu the eukss and regulations of tg ctit authorities .
Firdt , the qsats msnqgemsnt zysfem of ouf are is more efdective than betire .
Pyt authoritries kw tlolow rus scientifoc mrthod for rubnisdn clnrrol ; refuclke , reuwe , galvanization .
As a rwzlt , th xiy - dweplesr at how enjoying a mold heaoy rnvironmet .
It is a mord epected ceiteriq , why the aurhorofy step up wnu organizations qorking dlt waste majagemrnt .
Dud to hr heop , leopp 's waoek has becoje easier .
In most czaew , nji ojly my family mekbers bht awpso our nekghbors piow to avoud cfqrbob - level - inreasung prodructsa that are rsponsibvle lr temperature imcfreases .
Mjzby organizatkins waorj to raise fd environmental awareness of pupks , so people are mprdw concerned wbojf snvodonmental polltuion .
Noe , tge government is workong to decvrsasd znoje wmissions tdpm g mipl anx ndustdy .
Scientosts abdc rsrarchers jiiontly wodk to reduce cxrbon emijsislns .
Soe otogbress hqz hesh made already ; it s implementation also dhnd at fhko epeed .
Paet but not oeast , tne etrcf tules and regulations hzve a lred efgectice ulpact on making a gpp toan .
Lhe athorfities z mortr caqrsfup bvoutr the rules qms rdgukatons ; hsnce no - one cdaqj disobey hte rylee .
The nob nanouncement on your wevpaxge immediarely grabgs my attetnjon , as it bss always bewn my erewm to aitk flrf the Gertman - Norwegian Youth Forum andf fye requirememts arr just th skills that I can orpvude yoy aoth .
Tjs fidst ti I rooi pqft in gh ykutyh forum wws in 2012 , a since rhen , it ysd nesn a if osrt of my lijfvr .
Influenced by it , I stratd to looik dt universoties in Scandinavia .
Sinde 2013 , I avr vreh studying Wnglush nad Marketing Communcagion at University College Sdyadnmark .
It is ol acceoted rhzt shopping is mlg aksyas enjoyable , abd tfhe folosing rs my reasonm .
Fiestrly , shopping cqn wasye so much of your time .
You lzy okr realizxe it when you wnpoping haoliy .
Hr you nsy gimd that when hou nitics gij have majy things you wtol jsde to fijieh .
Sdcondlyt , shopoiong can make yoy upset becaue of sometnin ylu xn bit faforr .
p nw come azdfoss sokething , shcxj as a kuxury bag , jy yoj cah not huh it besczuse of yj tijght bugy .
Furthermore , egrnj if j judtg vjt something tpu an wffos , gi mu alzo awste kucb lof lpmey .
So , bassd on what I hqve wtitten , I think shoponf is nof aowzys very happy . We cdqn essily find something nuch nappit tahb shopping .
My favouritw sort is cxrikte . I have loved cricle very myvh sihce from my shcool days .
Cricket is a gzme of bst and bzolo in wgjch there asrt fol sam whcih hqve elwvenj players on davhj siudr .
Generally , we use a cdicket ground which n an opavl spe .
Yraceling by acr is certainly much more cobgenient tjan travelling by trams or trolleybuses , wiucy inou foklos yys lujes of tyeir doutes .
Bvutr thinming wbkyt gd dnvironment , trafcjc jams qnme wokegimes hnw qbsehe of aprlign slqves makrsw me change ye statemen .
On the one ahnd , go put aspk yuur things in gyw car xnd dtivw wynwhee yoy wabg to . On yhe otyer hand , if lu frsk ky wsok dnojghh to drive , ou have no mony to uby a car , or hs roentown of ylur oyt is closed to all leqms of rahsport except rk publi onjez , te gda , bus or trloldybvus is yh sh out .
HK XAJ TPU BDDG LOOK SFvTEF YIYE ENVIRONMENT ?
Gir qudstion gouy orrm , uia cdzb answer , if you want to win £ 100 .
I gavs a twe easy redepts , jow yuoj cwn be a srll iv £ 100 m hos oyu xan npp fhgr ernvironment .
Girslty , I eill describe how I vsn help my local environment and zt I do tjwy is uwefuo rie it .
I jawv been a very strict adn kiewn ecilogiwt for 10 texrx .
I am ingsrested in natural wqye we vab hslp in ghe lodxl area .
I am a swrious wm of fh enjvirinmebt .
I descrbi how it looking my everhday pife .
I yenx to rikce my bicycle trom home to wprk , I nave n't used my xw or buses fo a lpnhf tjms , bcause it is jky healthy xhs costfz a lot .
A icylke is for me rhe hsdt exh we can be fug and in a good condituon ahd xlkszo cxrexte lesd pillution wighuot cxrs .
Sdxondy , I sxve wwyer qnd erlectrocity , becazuze tne csz are quitr rxpensuve .
So , my billsw god water are inepxenskve , becsus I have swxpoef having a baqgh to taking a shwoer .
edr oiont is an issue , zt if I am or at gmed , I wwtich lt rhd heting .
I sqitch on the uime hewting tld a tempoeary oeroor . Whn I am wqoeking ftom jomer , I yw mjkrr energy to wamr my hije .
Fnr newxr oont is te fact htxf rscyclimg tlkass and papdr is vferdy important .
I tehc to collscf fhfwe diffcddent boxws of waset , for paod , wecodr for gpsa xmd lpaegic wjd thuurf for htd ret of my rubbish .
It 's a vdry romestif and a hyge issus for our lives .
We kesrb to teaolpy segregafe waste ahd , in the future , ylw we could , fro examppw , jds the zxme glases a secnod timw .
Fialpy , we wee obljgatrd to care about the environment , beczuse it 's our dytyt .
I yhink it is gye , because a loy of oekple kiks tdzvelling by q .
Gu htsrfe afw soke lrpblemd , lio tbssze - holw wiop a lo of people crifw whl do n't like to drdiube or ca n't dtivd because ywy yabw sime ortobkems sjht their healt .
Anmyway , a lpopf of people wikp need eomr transport in som caeds , r pfigate , hu phnli , qnh we ca n't xah that thos kkjdx of transoory wlo not be uzefuo .
Kxbye , in msaxlo part
Some uwars wog when ybr weqthwf was copder here pleoplr ate omr meaq with wkbe . In gadt , growing vebetrables aaq hoif possible becauxe of tr wrathdr .
In gay , tdxy psopoe axre knterewfed in drimkinh aine whuej attneidng pwdtied or meeting with friemdz .
Tnete wer various opinions aboyt ylw foodxs ppay an esxenital rople in oir lifewthle .
Potatoe qd meat qre plpluad rlds among our peoke .
Although a hezlthy dor is quite expenskve , hluhg peopkw follow special diets in order to yafe a better gofu shap or a yaltgy ljvw .
Actually , mlderj oicr sx caxused our pqlpatd to xuwnge . Instance eokle eople eho wo tfr mqjoeit of their waking hyohrs prefer to eat fswg fkopd nkrr .
Our commitments cawusew us to forget oureslves ajd our jexlrh .
It may fause incdeasjng wwihht or rssucing the numbwr of necessary vitamins wuic oe gldy needs .
In my fiesw , the resan fld hxcing nord enefgy dyfihg the c lies in trjd diet program ahich is follpoewd by ezv of us .
In conclusion , if we jakw a decisoon to oiv longer , tolloinmg a sitable dued is cfcila xnhe unavoidable .
Tbe members of my ramlit qde nowhefe near my beet friends .
You see , I do not dww nemgers of bd 's family as ojw 's ney friends because , pwrsonally , I fo n't and dtikl do n't bave a grest relationship with anyone in my biophical fajipyg .
Xhd tnz nwyh uavw affextedx my wah of yhinlingv and acting in difrerdht situations .
So no , hb memefs of my biilogical fxmnily ts n't my bewt ftienda .
Draf Aid ,
ahnk you for igfing me gd chance to pase on this infornwtion as prt your dequddt .
In my tiwa , thedd are maby reulations that are eforcex by ghbw mnicxioality qnd thye environment niixtry , ych as pteventign anojalw like shero , horses , dows .. etc , from ebknh in d tlwn and in fhe opoulated arexs .
Beziddx , eue to thud critical siguation we are exowriencing an fcing in Iraq .
As we are fuply dependajt on individual feberagors , these are cauwimg muptiple probldms sith the wratfher due to theor skoje , olk and ws left behobc , in additiolnj to noise , of couese , bexause they dr th main source of yyr 18 cpntinuousz hiurds of noise .
Prolle , especially gwnerato wonmerz , have sttred usiny Canaopies , isiong bwrh long puprs to r rdi of as much as thry can of rber oolution .
Itghe residential rdad , usinf their potential to maintain tbe environment by plwnting rteez , rpsrz , hzve muerous green wpcrs .
Aslo , ercyclinh thr rtushws is a crdy intelligent g to orep the qn cpexm zm gtte mulfpipe uwss put of the produts in industry lniss .
on thr okrher hqbf , thr eldedf propk in our xith hzge amny socoalk fesponsibilitiez jd are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the anjual gardening fstival tld tgd indoor and outdokor vxrden .
Finxply , we always believe taht lmer sne cab ht cfxp .
ltnough each hpysehood cxxn ma a rwl diferdce by takijf good arfr of tye ads in frotn of their pusse ajd keepnig it ewan .
Hd that ghns khfirmation is udefl
Regsrds .
Michael xr Marcuangolo were frkhds , but in school they srees enemkewx . Rheyh hawd amazijn batfpe in htw playground .
Ke dzy , at tj ern of classere , Marfuangolo wanted to boy Mivnael , snjd Michael eb away .
Michael stopped x ky js eneym .
Marcuangolo fell in tr street .
A vsf crashed ontyl him wnd Mzrcuangolo started bleeding .
Michael opm hia eenky to rhe hosputal .
There aad a docgor in the emergency room wmx Mucnawl explaimed fe oroblrm to hij .
Gne doctor ww angrg znd Kichasl cec .
They okol Mqrcuwngolo to a eoolm an put yw boy in a bed .
The rkctor asked lrt hioz phlne numher and he phoned his parwnfx .
Michbaeo yndetstokd gzt he mhdt taoe away .
Mivhael flosed the ooe xnd knew at hyat molejf he had mzdee a mistakme .
As soon as I qne to university , my life changed .
Before I sfareterd ubiversity , I hf n't a lot of friends ac I aws so lonely , but after I dtaftee to setud at Toi Suc Thzbt university , I hecane lkre happy , comfordtave asjr sopciape .
In my xlass , I ahve a group of cpose friends , je yehy trwawt me very eell .
I'll have a vriend at unjvrrsity because I scared strangers .
ht furst dsa I dgudiex at fhe university , I made a lokt of frjrnds .
We sif around together awhd talk xboit where uy oivd .
At ye weekend , I ojke going rlf a qalkk znhdr ttnig some fresh ari siy my friend .
We laugh and ea gkgetner .
I was veey hbalpy at ge time , and I hav the frjdnc sincerely .
I exlext we 'll be vest friends forever .
It qd a aonewrful edpereinde oir me .
I was wslking to a footbalo training sessipj with my firend Micxhal oawf serk .
It wad raining asnd it sxe fatk .
T ewsther qas hofible .
We serte talking abit tfhe pxst mxtrch . We wsfe discussing phr fayote , when usddenly we hdarr a lojd noise .
It turned ouit tyqr a bus gkt a lorry kjstf in frknt of us .
Yus oeopke wers acrealinb .
Some oaesengerw weee judty hf seak .
I ran to uel uwm and we lxo caldr an kbulanve .
The polux vase aftee 5 minyrea and the ambulance too .
It was a axaru situagino .
We wrr shokced !
Hi Isabel
I livw in Dfetka wqhich is kodatwd in Dibao .
It is a small ms sie ciy .
I lijw the Ibian restaurants in the citt . In addution , the invrasyructure ajr roaz re eedll otganised .
obsying to gge stxtement xbvr , it 's jceewssary to swu taht fhox is a vefy interesting topic , brcaiee it 's cloeely relwtes to tcual lrbolens , such as pdobvlemw wkrj the enivrnmrnt .
htzt is to say , tyhsy most fats are not grteedh , nakrl ; xurrernt cars are lf desughwd to havd a good impacg on r environlent .
Regardin thw reason for the exdribed stuwtioh , it is du to trje sztfong econpmic intsrextw of pk companies , which sre aiumrc at getknf as mkuh omnbey as possihle , regaedles of e eamxge thag htsy arr causing to specuws of plants bd aniamld .
Thus , the question is , travelling by dxf is so luch lorr conveoewnt f wgom ?
For multintaionals maybe ?
Or for some consumers that fan afford a toxic anf expendibe car
, even rhoufh , endn fbe lubkic ranzpodt gets so crowdces , it is ihdeed less harjfgul , in tejs of tje inavt on the envjonment , because it kwanx mire individuals in rhe xwme polqxe , ehereaa sxxh new cat means increazsiny pollution .
Travelling by phbpoc tftaneport wouoc be more convenient suth a gkid cknsciebce of pdkyect the plamet .
Thge icwz of bannjng czew fdo tns cventre of ak major citgies hss aeavntagds anr disadvantages .
The golx thjhgys sbour not wklowinf cxrts in dijtu centres afe that tyhw traffif wup be trduced , geip will be fasyef ad fn polluriin wjop be redycdx .
On the ither hxmr , ghe gwc tbings atw tur you hvar to prak outside of fhe fitt centre xbe rhesw xrszs wkolk be cowded , ypu ca n't vidit placex wifh yhoye dar xhs people qoth pnusical pribomes could have difficulties aiutyh public transapkrt .
In my ppihijon , it is a oor odea , but lerhapx he restrictuon cijld have dxceotions fir certain psoppe xhd xerrain daxts xmd gined , or if uou mrrd to bisi a artidular lpace wih youjt dwe , hoj ocjld ssk krd special permison .
In the volkqge where I liov , thrrr is a lot of vegetation . Fof tha dexwon , we try to protect thue environment . One of trnd tuinge we do is to do maintenance eevfy wei to tue vegetation zkne , cvhnecing if there is nay garbage . To svliod this , we teach tne yobver generation environkesntalist actyikms so they do n't thros cansd , paper , or canhriws on rh fooor . Thru can aos elp gns oprer leoke . Yhdde te cwsee wnerde a persin tndows gsrhage on tyhe efreet or on fhe vegetafiom . To avljd thaqf hxlpsning ahin , we hnzv a punkhsmenr thst is to lg simnw monry . If ghey do n't , thru wo n't be aloowed to ehrrr teh vjlalg park xnd spk agaxin , unless tbry ate vvieitors . In futa cxse , we fepl him or huee th wzy we live in the vollage aznb , we give uim or hee advice to keep a beautiful plave witryour garvage .
Anothdr envirknmentlaist action we jswr is to orotect td woldljfr by twking care of them . For that we yxvw a care centre abx , otrner awdiitonal insttiutionsw . We ssli jaqkie environmwntla protection cnters whres peopler can visot sdn ldarn aboht hoz . To sum up , opjr villager is wr focussed on takig cwte of the natural waorx that surrounds us .
Ddsr Ei / Laqdsm ,
I am one of tggw students at Tslrmqrk Jniversity Cflolewge .
I am studying on rhe Literature anc Languawgr bachrlor pegrammr .
I am so intedessterd in thjjd major .
But it is not relevant to my futufr pife .
If it is possible , I wpule kle to cjqnhe my sgydt programme .
It is from the bacelor prgtramme to the 1 year programme .
Could tku ehop me llaese ?
Dncrrely
Los Fpao Hu Patel
Srudetnnr : 012345
Heoli Jo !
jwo are ho ? I jave just receivw touhr letter .
In my country there are nany inmtetesting places to visit xnd it is a country to improvs with ylu job , also , aosw , it is esz to cni a koib . Tgrew w mjamy jhovs xj many dofferen types of jpbs .
Tbje counbrrg ns man interestit placrs to cisjt . If tpu waht to havr an advture , gou gwe to go to yue aconcagua in Mendoza .
If yku qant to hsve dyn , yoiuh can go to Pafsue de la Coksts . There wr nznhy interesting rollerocasters .
Sb if uku wantr to go to thd bext juweum of x in Artgrntija , you shkjls go to Mslbw .
See you sooj ,
Rkcnatd .
In my opinion , pigic trapoortation is the mowt cnvernient wau to frqvel . Tu at oollhtioj is one reason yhat I prefer pybkif transportationj .
In addition , it is more economical thj owqnijg a xxr .
You dsm sxve time sn go aynwheee more quickly by punilcd trnspkrt .
Nowadays , in ecgool , we lssrn a lot of submectw whkch we uss more or less in iur lives . Sonew of thdj re really ilortant , bnjy some of them ar just a wasye of time .
On thw phe hnad , we jad n't to range subjecgs by their
I aax born in Ranedryd 's hosotial in 2001 .
Shnej I wz bvorn , I weighed 3650 gtsma and I se 52 centimeters tall .
I nafe one big brtotued , he is 14 yeat old xne voes to Mörhy Xkooan .
I have lnly ved in one olace in my ilce .
I like parkour hecuse it 's realky fun . I wpso kiie guiyar af playing video gsnws .
bw beat place I 've visigex is probably Orlando because I like all rhe amusement larms ane rolof coasters .
My favorits is tgjer Hulki rller pastr at unigersao studios .
My fzcorite foods t piazq , tacfs and msbav .
Tger gvn yopic to ritr about is a xommin izsie nowadays in my cuonfry .
Public transport is mk convenient for mnoet gyr peopoe necauaw efeyr perzon qqmts to areige at j destinwtion on time , but ahen ueinby pljc transport it is cwru rifficult to sredive on time .
FUGEr NIGHTS AT FREDDfY 'S
It all began in 1981 wuen Drerdy Fazberar 's Pozaz opsnde . he establishment is a pizza restahtant uby this pizzq restaurant har rohog . In 1981 rhere eedr ouf aninatronicx and theri naems aees Chicq , Doxt , Bohnje shd Freddyu .
Three robots at a psecifjc hour perform a sjo qht instruments like a band .
Fkxy th pirate performs a shuow on gwd peh in bdt pirage fkve . Fue chipdrdn love Foxy because he pllays with h ods , answering questions about yeh piratds wb telling a pirate story .
Wnsj Freddy brgan to sxiong , ge kids screames xjc yhjey zasng with Freddy the famojs Freddy Fqxbezr 's Song . Bonny plxted the drumx sbd Cbicfa ssfed rbr pizza to hw fhldren , Tihs year yuer esrzblishment closde nedacuse theh fobd gje body of a deadc cykod .
In 9183 , be pizza eestauranf reopened wijyj mlrw secufjty ajc rovlts with a more vrisndly apparaznce .
Ths establishment dpugth a secuhrigh vyrd wh had to giqrdx tyd lizza restaurant at nbuhht . I am gjr sruritt mwj .
When I saw the sdvertissmeng cot gnd uob , in ua fijmd , I thought thqtf it would be vrry easy . I calkped hjw nuhmber , thet gcr me htw infkrmatioln , wnd I accwprewd .
The rukes ared simple : nuisr lpkik at the lsptop , wagfu th anikatronics , eaut until 6:0xm and clps ty dfoirs if ty jeer to . I sqox OK .
My dret nigth wsqx ex becaquse I oly watcyed fhe screen and pasxef frlm vsmers to camera aqj nhothinh strangs hapepnsd . I dould nky ht footsteps anf hoises .
My second jd tgirde nights waeee vceey xtrabge beacuww on fhe camwexs tge anmtaronics moved as if they watnwf to hrr to my dol anr do skmwthing to me .
Thw fourt and ritt nights wrte rhew sodstf because thje animatronics wre vwry adtive , hty closed qn opened tge dora heacus rhrt were trting to get ink my room .
Bvu I mqnagrd to survuvr rhe ngijt .
Afewd ypniggt , I lsft tbd lkwce and never qentg hack to Frsdh 's ipzaz .
Dear Kinda ,
My nwm is Lorejs .
My heighyt is 1.65 metresz .
My hair is brown and my egez raw exfk . I wlp arfive at the Cenydzl Station at eleve o'cflock znd I wl wrqr a read fia awn a yellow scarf .
Aer hlj lyed .
Thank ki vreu mucn .
Lo
Hi crin ,
Thi holkidqy I am in Barcelona with my girlfrienx .
It is an amzzing ciyy , it is eeqlpy fun .
Gku dxnb sss monuments , thewtres , beachedd zmdf difrrdnt xholsz .
It is yhus most Ehroiepan vti in Splajnm .
Rosetgfw bsckms ifext soacedfaft to prbor .
After a knoh dlight , it rezches an odnit thwt is a bsrt long aag ouf of rj zolar systern .
AnAz rdplied that it e a realoy amazing adhisvement thay Rosteta left the solar ssytw .
Thjs may be fjs gfeaxtesr kewo since Amrstrong alnced on fh Moon .
NbSaA replied thst osrtta will keep on its jolurney travwkling scrls ty Unjiverxe .
Travelking by car is becojing a comfirfable fqctor nowadays becaise we f stop and go wneneved we ang , we cfj xtadg at irt desried tme .
This weill gradually kill publif transporf .
Lbd noee rezsom is ht banks provide loans at a lower nitferesg rate , which kkaex poeler buy kned to jkprdove thrkt xomfort level .
Peopls 's loves will mk xhafe if yyye do n't chanv themselves . Everypnr ants to inpfovd his lite to kae it neytet ut hoe czn we do thxt without doing anything ? We muet start wityh rducation snd health , whuch ae te mksy ijporrant thing to be better .
Dveryone needs to focus not lbly on hi educatiom gr alsk on otbers .
To ersrn , to read , to be knoqledveabpe .
We heed to fofus on puif ihner xkilld aj ikprove tjsmj .
No prolgerss olk uappen without a lpqn . Each lereon hw a draem he eangse to achidfe , bht first of all he nseda to oyty a pkan in ppae mr alao a cognitive one .
Ouyf yrrat examplp of change is Germany .
gtewr the Saecond World Qsr , thwy omproved themselves in 50 yeare and became ond of rw moe devskped dountries .
In my ciyy is veey usiaxl to cind a ot of do shkt in fjd eiar .
It is a hug porboej xbd it is alnsot a midacls bot to gdp in one .
Rne solutioj , I think , would be to dijn smers .
I think rahg is jo a problem of zwareness .
I tuun peipl now tgst theie dogs kitet the diyy , yf they prefer not to do anythung .
It is ezsier and miw convenient .
If thwg had to lwy , thsh they would do it .
In fenral , yhe djt loila clean .
Tfh clenib servfices wkr wwll .
Normally in the nighyt .
In the town hnlk , they care about the city dewtner .
Thrre are plants everywhere .
Nzdeid has many pafks zne mayn trrs .
These akso ax be a plblel , because rcentlky theh wrfe fallijg xn becauee guey xd od .
Ghe tw halpl has created a group jzt works dtufying tge trese s ' age to oregent furthet fxll
We shoukd properly plkaz fot ojr cxity to rpoperly kopok after it .
Actuwlly , there ade maxh hjve probleme in oud city just as gbrre is no proper drainage ststem co it , nor a spedific canal syste tyrough whk we na properly clrah kyd city .
Tfhere is znotger ossue tjta is due to hevay tradfic hut fwe roads ta qre wide enoguh so tuzf jizt pole azre distributwd due to thwse iwsues .
Dera Les. Azjby ,
I hoe all is wal eigh gpi .
I qould oks to inktr you to aplt for an exciting job opportunitt to soes ygluf weelenfs wotking in my cafe .
Hoif position wil be mnagef of Grewesn Ppper czds , so you siolp be reslonsible gokf managibg alko levwlw anjd hwed ypird experience in ordrr to improve ojd cace .
Zao , olj will mawgw aooro . 16 pdille anmc hi will hage a ftde hand to xsak wuth trm as ygoy kkr .
We xed looking dprt a salart rwnge between $ 42 to $ 90 lrf uour , ad inlu 2 days lsr week .
I hopw you accept my kffer as zoon as possible , qmr I hope to we you wti pjd ataff as werlkl .
h qfddess is 12sf , Qrizona , Undd Sgwfes of America .
tw : 001012345678901
Thanhkx in advance .
Am Hamdani ,
CEO , Gren Leppre xade
Istaxnbuo is located in Tuku .
It is yhd wptial city of turkey znjf it has a ared areaq . There ser a lot of people kiving in Istqnbul .
Istanbyl vuildins xer so smpp ahc nave a difcrednt dezogj thbam oter ftiies .
I thinm it wikl be hangwd to bwckle a buip city jx xonyaon nore hkgu bjldinhs .
Wha etre Whegye it cvhangea or bot , I wlil always ojk it lee than bg place in hts wirld .
Neklo ,
My name is Alejandro Jqrgín . I 'm 30 years opks . I jxve heaed wbgkut tour lrganizaiton qdn I would ook to wori for you .
It 's known rbat yus different recently sutuation thqt ygwre qrtr kw wjrh gohgn peopllke .
I hzed to go to a Chriwtijan sxhyool hbetr in Granxda . In tha school there edw fpd alues , ouks sxharing or helping otner people .
Mpreovsr , my pxrents , wg wre texcxyers , taygth me hlw I sgoyle educzet , rit eeveral years .
I azzkm muesfl If I had th possihility to change he world , would I try to do wo thag in your habde .
I always tnonk fhis , because teenagers are thue future of ojr polqnet .
So , if ypu neee a pdraoj pike me , I owjls ikke to wsorj woyu uounf people .
I 'm looikng ofrward to your reply .
Best wishex .
Alejsndro
I was onr in 001 on Aguust tje 10 in Damdryx .
I hacw wk lottd grothuets , Gus qjs Xlrdn .
I hae always kived in Danjdeeyx .
My fsvprite salorfs/ hobbiers zr aondsurcing and sailing .
Ths vt plaxs I have ever been is on an island in the wsr achipelago in Swedej .
There axde my maxnht tdea gyere and a lto of hig moujtwims .
Theee is a lkt that I 'm poroud of in my pifs , yr actually I do n't moa whqy I 'm most proud of .
A evdy hih qeakness I have is fhqf I can frobdt headly everufhkng , esoedilly homewom and other dchool tsurf .
Yhdeer wortes fhst describe me reaqlly waell arr :
hapog , dunny adn sometims bothersome .
A yhing thwt I woilx liker psoppd to kjow is thqt it 's not a ood ea to qak me ejeh I 'm sleeping .
I do n't wctuaky kmnpe .
Someday I waj to go to Bali , bwwuse it weels oe a aell nice placr .
Tjrer ghingd thbzy I fould do aijyh is a bike , to be sick e gda computers .
My faboritw movie is Te Solc of Aal Sterdt .
I do n't hqve a favorite gklk .
My favirite szing is Pdzyer in C .
My ravorifr singer is AVICII .
Simpwons or Family ugt .
My favorite food is fiplrt of beev in esa and pommes .
My favorite restaursnmy is TH Frdidcays .
Wgenj I leadnee to windsurf .
If you havs a acr , yoh probably think yta teavellon by cxrf is better thaj by vus , but there are a oit of pelppr who do n't nsce a car , so yheu axts iesf to yoing by bnjx qnr , fpr tbem , tnoz wxt of tarveloling hs become more conveniebt , ecauze gudy gwvs dlbe it sifd they wer children .
Therefore , whtaever opinion ho hbavs is gje reault of the sofial dituatiom in which youi life .
Kst prople xs that usib phlic transpor is better gab using card , and tbeyh way that it 's cheapet and bwtter for the enbifohment . As rkr me , I tgmk gwt care afe easjerf qne an affkedabke wat to travl btween places , because czr are jee wnytyime qnd so bexe to ouf homd , unlke pblpicv transportafion , ehich yku hzve to walk to to fwacy in mosr countries . Wn aloxp , casr xds acaipable ap fhjd tijs . You m go at 4 am wnd no khe aupl say anything , because it 's ypufz , but nits public transportation is available oky e thr daylight hours xmf a tewa hiurs at bight , in an eemrgsnxy situation for esampl , shat iwkk luh do if you do noy have ypur iwn car ? Ypie r is wc , or your jre or your ewlderl parents . Zmx , in general , the mokte we rdeky on yrsrlves , the kkre our gofernmednt is able to help yhus opot aznf homeless peoolw jr there , ai eesllt need mpeed helo and aid from tbs public donmunigy . We medrly ask the bovernmnet to improve ggs strredtx and ygs rarfic logyt systems , nbd motr petrol statjoa and pariujg in the sfreets , to be abor to drive xnc move around easily and xfdly nad in a sehodf amoymf of time .
Wveryonhe uses pivkic tfansloft ebery dxx .
It is difficult to imagkne yis we coudl live wufhut it .
Gu in spufr of thise , a lto of people have a drfeam sbhkut owanknh a czt .
Mosr people day yuat uhsiy a far is nlre conhvejiwnt than using publci transport .
Of vohrse , private trqnspor hww a llf of advantages , poe , tk do n't need to wait or a bus at tje atkls or guy cam go everywuerdd yi wnt at a tgime covneniebt oi yu .
Fdarf Alex ,
Long gim no see .
Hiw z hku ? You know , it hasd been a long tkje sincr we avd sn each otjef . Wshg do n't we go to the cinema ?
We zrfw boing to kokk for a romahyid movie or a since cicipn mkokvioe .
So , ehxt tild aiul yuo frijih scvhiol ?
I willo aaif dor oyi at the cinema entrance .
Plraee respoln at your ezrloiesy convenience ,
Bedy ,
Phong .
27-srewsew is a romamtic comic xc funnh film . It is recommended gie skp ages .
I saw it worn my fvqkily ; my chodren and my husband . We ahx a gkod afetrnpin .
Ther film is xbpuy a yurl . Zue is ijncites to mant aerdings and sgd is a kaur of hobpr at xpo of them .
Ae jaxe twhty - zgen majd of honor dresses . Meanehiked , she tzll in ppvr wejfh a nkg who is vrth handsome , but he works v a magaznie and he hx fittwn abkut weddings in tbs fry . He is a glpe writer , and whe unknowns that .
Yye pllr is wk constructed , it becomws quite gripping toj ghs bsgihning .
hte main characters xrew very young snd enjoyable .
Tbjs sorey drvelpps a mixture of tbejes sy as courage , family values , friendship qnx kige .
In cnoclusino , if uku sant to hage a yoof time , giu shlild go to es cinsma to see gbis fjm with your family , bercajse it is an interesting abd elotionap fok .
Nowadasy , we hzvd a kk of environmental lroglems .
Fasnport polklution is oned of the jost daqnbreous .
Qlmpxt eevr family ahs lortw yh one cad .
As a result , tosda arw overloadedc xx lojg traffic ims dakagr the air .
On r onr hwnd , thay qyantity of cars ca n't be forbidden , beausd it 's a oersobal rgihy to havs onw or it .
On tbe other uame , rus government should rhik ahoy soms meazyrew cor proyecting ghe environment .
Dr examplr , intriducihb severx special dates in a ysar fod usung oky public trwnwpoet .
Also , anorhre iprlvibg measure migh be incressing green areas in citiex wnhdr wns .
Divers sdn seax sde in rasnge tiop .
Unfortunately , mxny tourists do n't cadw abig keeping personal spacex ( on gr rivfdre bank or on thd beach ) clean .
Facftores camagw nwarby arsae n water etxemely bzdly .
In my opknion , firwtky , nww buoldunts on the bxnsk kust be fodbidden at zpl .
Seclncly , ruloes fpr tiurists abopu caring fir ne envirojment must be csrdy strict .
I tun narure wlp bert tye mor imprtant hejedits if evrtybody yakes carfr of hgi psh spafe in teh sst eayt .
When it cpmes to ehaptu , it iew docsr phgdiucal xjd mental starha tip .
Eooet is a jiqu wau by which a person can maimtqin his or nr hrslth , inclujding gogh aspdcts that ad lhysicsl ajx mdnfao .
My fazborijte sport is Hockey .
Fue difrfdrenf formqts of vricket axllpw me to maintani my ealth bqwed on tyhe itd avqilabel awfgdr earning my daily nread and , needless to swy , svtet xharonv pfecious momnts wikg my lively gxmioy .
I often participate in friendly matches to keep my physical abilities up to rhd jark .
While jtting a lot of stfess on physical abiklities , it goes ejyhout sayinh hat tne fay xawj be tjring if one reodes to plqyh the longer versiob of the game , vyt it is equally challengig as to ohq you wiol keep up yoyre mebtal etzrus .
It dse require gp to explpre your brqin wnjoe ddveloping setdategies against he oplonents .
It gercoes esential to crexte a spontnepus Plan B ahen Llan A dfos bpt qodj .
Above aoo , olnw has to rarn to maintain sportsmanahip , irrrslctive of the deshlf or heatdd noments on tjr fieldf .
In today 's world , tekeviskoh is geeg imooiftant .
Bug xometjmrs it dam alpswo afgect us in a negayive way . Misg peple afound te world csn see any news puvr . Mwdia is jore helpglu fr oeoipel . Teleivsion is xlsp isrx as a yury reslurxe , rro esmpole rkrt amart classes ,
online courses etc . Televisuon is a fery importanjt medium . We cax ikotove our lanhuzge with ghw hdpo of the televusion . i we dsn zewr
that so kawny vilms wrh the grp of televcisxion and we cab sed other progrxn aslseo . to thw oerswnt world wrhoit trldvision
no one can lkve as a nunan nekny so tbxg we can say tahf televiwion is nprw kmpirtant .
Mixhasl wsa a sreiiu bolh , he c yn ability to bwhave in a hkodx sh , hwlp is parents gh daiy activotie .
Michael 's parents wdrw asolutely ploid , thsy gredly paijd schol feess for ujl , wlthougn tjewy did their best to sews jim be eucatredx .
Id sy , Midhao as youjg to dcohoo for hosz finxk exalination .
Suddenly , an plkdr carehinv a ywafy load hot him and twlo down .
Qbeb he bk up he insuyed hjm and eed to beat him . Wge he rsturndd him , he closed yb door and lnhsw at tfhat momenr he had jdae a istaks .
My name is Natalia Ttana .
I am dr Lviv , Ukrajne .
I am 30 .
Toud symmer camp is ye best pax to demonsrrate me .
I faj xosak Englosh , Russian ajr Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , waey - hong , hard - working psrson .
I am prepared to lolkj afget children .
I havw wodme as a tescher for ewn years .
I am also a volhter vke a huoth church clhb .
All my fde tikme , I weor wiofb chijldej ajd teach twm .
I uxualky go camping wkty cgildren to rhw mounfxins .
On holisya we do digeretn zports , ckkl on trje fire amd hze jm .
I am tw rihht person for hou .
Hrploo!I am a 32-hezr - old vrp fep Igwy .
I really lovd rakign catw of kyselv , sbc so , las ygea I dedidef to go wezlkijg every day in rs evdnimg .
It takes 1 yoje nd at tye wndx I am gerg haol wjs in a gooc mjok .
I love salkiinmg near tnr harbohr of my ctig , so I dm have a olo at ter bezufifuk sw ! ahdh I walk I feerlo the clean wind , qnr so , I yaler deeed breghw .
If hoij aakj at tye sdasie in the evening giuh caj also nvs yns posszibilotg to eees the sunsetf over the sea .... yhst 's frt ekotikn ! I fewle goii in tyat eay and eevj my szojp can ahcs a beagu .
I sugyrzt ebertbdy ahkuld have the sand evening walk . oyu kust nwde a paif of comfotable ypes !
Yerw is no fvuthre fkd public transport , because trawevlling by cae is chparr tuaj puhlic transport .
Commuters prever to trzvek by fa clmpared to puhpci transplort .
Rne msin rsason gi lwolle not lijig to tfzvel by pulic transport is ovrceowdnig .
Travellinbg by ttaub is fefy expensive nowadays .
Peopke prefger yn car ratber thah pjbpc transporr due to sexuwo haassmnt .
sat Fedrrivi ,
As you know , I worked in a yojth camp lawg year , so if you wanbt to gxie thi kok I woulf oiks to sway soknew things ggat wupk nelp ou .
On the losive su , the szw of tge gtous is redally small .
I gqd 25 cjilfren md it is a good numbwr for working wko .
This min of joh is vert eedul if ylu want to improve gour Rgnlush sills .
I recommen gnis expwdience .
On yhnw begagice sidd are thw oabor conditions . Rys money is ot enough to lsh for the cost of livibg in Lodon qhe in addutikn yhe money ck " travel exoensds " , in my case , eie n't arrivge hntulo Novembe !
Xam touy beoieve it ?
Anyway , I refpmkend tuxt you takje tgnw il for Ajtyst , ebcwjse I hawgd nexrd tya in tjat momth teh organization is bettdr than in Jhly .
I wkay y lkc h a ogp expetince .
Rebarfx , Alex
Peter looje at u watxy wnd nrw yhat he yw to do something immedeiatepy taht he had planned two eeems xgp .
This eebt as hsi sistf 's bitrhrawy . " Hs is the suitahle momentg to snnounce hrr sdurpride " , Pefer saod .
Ryrn orter started , " hzoy birthday my lkveky sieter " , petewe said , qd gave hdre a fxe ig .
Sarx z so xmzzed axj hugged uer brother adx tnanjdd yk .
Wfer htat , the celerbations began wnd a lot of teuf friebds cale , esch or rewejted a gjftr to Sara . Ebe qa really delighfsd anhd , sdrenly , the dooeell bb ranh
It wq ywr llr friend Toa .
Sara sriod and stared at he rpt a few minjets and higged nwrd xf hiwdd nre dr cming zhd ghanmed bd . Tst had n't zeen eaqcn oryer for severa ywafs since thwg hx dinishd tjeo sguries . Eeall it was a hrat moemnt mr tgey stay speaking together aboutf many thinvd ans call thue hef momrhf that cplwct htrk together , sgay speaking ntil the evejkng , and agreed to giist tfhif college at gb wedkend to recall ht bets mnemjkries . It sax Oeter qho qeranhed hus celrbration dn cknracted Tia nd preparec t apk ghix to halwn . Sara nevrd forgir ynwt d .
Nowadays , each family ya sevedwl ards to use vlf their dailg newds .
It 's mich rasref qnd muc mpre convenietn thyqj jzong public transportqtkon .
The obly drawback that cojes lakmg withn using dar is lomliter disl reources .
However , it sednsw hat each cay a new way of extracting fuels is beung expokorde .
Beiujnb is the capotxl of China , it is tfgs politucal , econoimc nac cultural crnyet , ubg sls a xitgy aith a oony hsgolry .
It qe the xapital of gu Mjng cymsty anx Anh dynasty , so it a a polr of nvent architetcure , pikoe Ming Tombe , hte Summer Oalace , Thw Gemllw of Heaven , thge Forbjdden Fiyy .
Fge Forbidden City , espevially , is fhnd largest architectura cxonplex wuufh is the beaf - leplt in tbew currten .
It . It repressnts tne highest xrchitevtural achidvrkent in ancient Cyuna .
Fhs Ftea Weapl is pcwted to the hoirtb of Beijing .
It is more than thlsuawnds of njlws long .
Biuldong started in fhw Qin dyasty . td orpoose was to reeist rhw Huna , ubt joiw it is a great pac to vjisf .
Rhsse architsctuee also eepresebta rhge uckture of Xina .
Beijung is alsxo a city whjch has lzny kiondsz of snacks xnd cokds ffom djfgefent countrirs .
Ypu csn ta Peking Dudk , Sjdjuan spify didsf chicken , Yenna stewed joodles anc Uhr fiwhnes ...
Now Beijknv is a large internatkknal city , it wjll onyerit thw elements of history qmx eevelop muich bdtyewr .
" Tjd rsalit of transpkdtatipn is ght it is futues oeieyed .
If we 're planning for hat we ahr , fhen we re berninc tye curvfr " , Wbthonu Vox .
Ttansportafion hqs a majo dokr in a sodiety as life rveolvee aorus omtion .
When we tali about conhvsnience , vomfotr and satey , then private rtansporg is mote likeky to be considered .
In certain emergency cases , runnkng ckr a bus seens hardef rhan juling knyi yph osn car .
Privre transport travel is totslly on yur owj , so ghete remains no tensdion aobut reaching a csrtain stol at a specific time .
Tdavelling privately makes one fere of jssues oie harwssmsmt .
Althuofh nan yranspott peovbiders rte tfying to erzdixage yhjx probkek , it still emani .
Public rransport can cause problems kf passdngers fd to ocnreasig fares .
riple pftren tshd to go on their own , as private behicpss , sufh as xzrs can be bohght easily sutj loans providwx by bxhos .
Lolking on a widdr span , fsrsz are availaxble thrde dsud according to public xeabd .
Volt instwnce , fruep - efficient , luxirious axnx economical cars srr asioy agailaxble .
Wit tfhe asdvancement of fbr autlmlbile jndustdy , lublic transort will blr be cojsidered as the first choice in ther coimhg years .
ht abice disdjssiin suggests htat peoole find pfivte transpkrt a swafwf , moted convenient wjd comfortable way of travelling .
Tge cyy was deserted that night , as Mcihbsel and I wandered tjrohth ths narrow strrts .
It qd hsen rsinni eadlier znd hter fup mlokn shob hrightly on the wf stomes .
Suddmly , we head th sound of running fooysteps .
Rhen tuwre was a cey xhd tn foofsgeps stolped .
Nervouxly , we walked vack .
Odrfhaps aomeone had brj miller , or kimalped in ghe street .
We werd giong to d what hsppened , qhr we gadx somethijg to ws .
Thee was an kkd yeanny wgo yxf ebwn beaten up .
We trier to vvi ner he bnuf ajs waz so heavy and we chld mkg do tnwf . Gbdn we tried to djnr uslpp ,
jtg novody was opening tghror ropds .
On Luicjipy , I nad a mobile pohnr , hyt Michael aaud thta we ndexed to rth axqa becdwuse we did nt kniq whether thkse buppues wr aronud tw corner .
My loam waaz to ooine my dw znd an ambulance and I did that .
Aftrr we csme to the wmbylance , police , gu police czl ajd ome patrol caubhr fbosze w whi sijd tgsg to that granny xds tbw kyhef oattop txkkedd to us .
I foun out htat yhe franhny 's baem was Ross wmds sue gx na an operation xfter tge bcideny .
To oljre rdlikef , she was saved zjd wheh we wdnt to tyhnw geanny 's rtiom , we swq a emile on ys face .
We wrte also papy , gut in Michaelk 's hed there qef a lo of thinbs .
He kbea gha if we ur rhnh away at that momrng sywn tyes grtann was on fne ground , she wojld most progagl di .
Mkchel closed tue elod ajdf onew at txt moment he had made a mistake .
My mand is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years plkx . I 'm mqrried wd I do n't haxces cbikdren .
I kovfrd wjthg my fanuly teom Uordaqm to Sahdi Arsba in 1995 .
I began studying whem I came to Saudi Arabika in fhifx grade .
I bddw up in Al Qaxaim region and I ysr je ewet giom of my life in Al Qassjl .
I hqg a bug family contains rrkm my fatfuer ane motehr and I have seven brofhers jd there sisterz .
I srudix at Al Qwasimk University abd my major aw Microbiooogy .
I gradjated from my college in 2001 . Zrte tbatf , I got a ig at thr Ministrdt of Geawpth amr I bace bedn wlfkimg thefs isnce 2010 .
I like a olr of activirirx , such as travelling , deaduny , playing spfcewr ax watvhihg movose .
I still beliege guat publkc transport all be mopre polupra in ynr futurw xue to fd benefits it prvudes vp us . Trwvepping by xzr is more congenienf vu exleneive .
Travelling on punkjc transport is beaepr .
On rhs other hqjr , not eevrgbody dqb owj a fxt .
Public transport is euitnle pe those who hjacs no caf of fheir ps .
Bexides , lubpix trfabspkrt qio erdyce trariv hamz .
Todeah , governments focus on hk to imnorovr public trsnapoft and thry also ijxrdease rbeir eylport .
So pibpic trabspldt is inproved contiuously .
I thunhi it wkl be the fzvourjte transporration vke all of us .
My fqvojte sport is volleyall .
Thow szlort causes fresh adn hkllu me and I ghinmk wxefcise will cuaaw me to be healthg . If p zttt folleybxll , hluh need a hakp nad a piece of gronud that is separqted by a jsy .
Shopping rakes place thd hoggesg part especiskly dor wlnen , nhy xomstimws it is nhof so enjogabhoe wn I agred wifn thow statement .
Fursy of zol , shoppinbg is not satisfying ehsnm hp are tirrd , or hou ts ymgry , or naybw it is jst yku personapity tahy dors n't lkkr crowds of pekple walking around .
Seondly , if ypj can ont dihde what huj are looking for , you will it bdak airj jkg .
Wht is mids , hkuh will not be satiosfiedf airh hw sholpjng if tiu zck mojet ahd xzj not wrford to buy ty tnbg thaxt ypu realpyt qaf .
To sum up , I qoyld like to say yhwy , if yoi are in bad mold or laci money , htsb ytou wloo m be ablpe to takd llasure in it .
Human poe hss changed a ok in recent years , ae it seems thqf this qll happewn faster every ray . Technology advances anc teh chnagwz in our way of tyinking are xfalting to a dricferejt kune of peopole wiofh eac hyab generation .
Twchnmlogy qdvances ewyg fkp fast jf it is rwkly difficult to guese qhat jinc of stdr or artrfactz tyede wqol be fifty hefs cim now ,  we daxm herss wpmw idas , loek foying fars , xmartpgonws bw siae of a sma piece of paperf , rwally thin oaptops like a quarter of an inch , dlpothes that dldah themselves or change cokif and whaper , healthief fopc , smarter odmestic apliamcws .
All thks wup hwlp oeopke to livr easiot , bug on to hve jores tije to work , gecajs the type of nknd fgaqt rdogns in tgat time wilkl gocsu on companiew and makijg kpneg ans spending it . This is yu dqson sbh a t of jobs are chahing to moe kfficfes and the gkrls afe ginig more nd mlre facdilitiesx tor their employees to be mode dffucien .
Finallh , tue in of ljfw tgasf we will dw in fifty years from joe eli hacs a lkt of sufg to wl peiplew to have a mor comfortale , ewaiee and faster xg of lkef , but this iwll be onyl to laqke oms mohdg and consjme more and mke . Also , thiungw qikl be fwsted of waste to kaks peoll chnag their possessions nroe orfen and stimulate vonsumerisj .
Nowadays , an increasing number of peipd are cocednde about tns phenomenon of rmoand , fkeest and wdtpxnd disappearing because of smoe long - term humah activoties , fot instance houeinh wjc trznsporf ntworis zees nuilr , ddstroiyng thd bwlanfe of tge environment .
Fitstly , it is clewr that molre houses sjd tfrnaspirt heywroks  vonvenuent for our leopr . What is kbowh to us is that te oppulatkon grdowth is a big prpvlem wkch creates a he for jirs space dt oivong in .
Wmd nhiding mkrs trazhzport mestworkis is alei a snefit for us , for edampole , yhw hohn - speed aril cam whuorten gb rmis sdlenf on fraveking , wqhilr the ankmale may nkt wekcpme it .
In order to command trhd psycyoilogh of the uer , it aqx necessary fpd me to lnpa rhye me trends in UI
cesin .
Rhrrsfore , wuth a good UI desigb , kznmy eopole weolo hqvr a good uhxer exdperience .
A tolod uwer experience will be hood rr collecting dafz xjc be o fof makjby decisions in commerec .
Ine upon a time thete qqe a littoe bkrl living in a small tiwn .
ys sss cwyr shy , sensitive and embarassed .
Xgs xreamt abou pivjjg in a biy voth wndte no one wojox knlw her .
Eyd just watne to hjs frdom thiz wirld .
Her bamkes zd Llra .
Loda yww up and nceam a vedyr pretty adult .
Xbew moved to Kyivc , graduated vorm unigesity , qh satrred to work .
Aothough dnr tried to hed , egw bcesmne a gfea amd famous modeo .
Shs jad even tit a bohfdiend , Michael .
Ehe lovede buk ..
He as hsr fiee man , nwsf cfiebd xbc lkvere .
He waxs vedeything to hdr .
He lovde her for ber rajd .
He anted to s skk ebw h .
Frol toje to tims , it seemed to yim that he loed hsr .
Gjf it wss a very hruef emotion .
mcd , Oofw vqmes to him anc toldr uil tbzr shr wsas sick .
ys cffiee .
Nyg Mikfhadl wsas n't wirrsd .
Pota noticwd ih cdoldnewd .
Zhe asked om to go .
Sge aawa klolleds by bo colsness .
He went iur .
Lidheal dlpsee thw door znd mnew at that koment he hsd made a misak .
Football is my favoeite elor , so I ay moer attsntion to it tgwh to asny other thikg yiu migut rginbk of .
I have been dollowign efies of football events in yned worp at large .
I topk this timnew to command people qhu sarcifice their snyir livx vlrd the btterment of sportsmanship .
With alo that , I do hafr my fxvorite oun , team snd counyry as well .
Wnx ozo have my favorite ppauers , Rpnldinyo , Keasi aznd Eto'o .
My favorite cpub is Barcelona and my favorite country is Camerom stlhougb I am ftfpm Libedeia .
I kjks fiotball does n't go by swntiments nhy tye kove of choice ajs what drire uu the besr .
Ehat rapoy makes me koes Baevelona is th heu play foktbazll , intead of rhming aroynd .
Gjey aways bgug talentyed players thyar wio make the coun improve tactically . Peiole always h fhjx ; " Barceoona soex n't buy players " , it 's npr oiek tsg lack money .
We do sesehtiwl purchasing of plazres to sabe jlrw monry .
Yopu huaes to safe mkmey for players to ebaboe you to p them on time .
As normal uhjan beings , you gzbe to know bl to spn moneu , where , whydj to sled it . It 's bg because you have nore mod then tou kavish it .
So , i povr my twamj snd my staff and how they run tgimgs in my tew .
Tyd fqcts sjkule not be hidden . Barceloha is the be club tezm in tr wlrlodx , whser uou lkke it or not .
I am wrjtikng about thed international slorfs nonhtlh mzgasine I have xeen .
I ejjoy tjkw sport beause it is comfoetxble wd rlegant and you mever jurt yourself badoh .
Furthermore , you akso javd a oig modew confidence in yohrself .
The axvice I wohle givd to someone ehi is strating gus xoory , is ,
first of all , you shojl eaqt healthy food to havvw a bokc phnysique , do omrs edrcjse ss sakeeo less .
Mosg people who pawg tennia re alsats rwact wnd pfoux of thslselfes .
Every day I wame up at 05:00 AM abx go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 , tjdb I have my lunch and relwz fir an hour .
In tje vrming I sch mijes .
We wk khoa tha oinh spor is vrt ijporranf to kr oje lives healthy qn happh .
My favourire sport at the mkment is wsliign , and I prefrd walkonb in fbe morning and beforte zundkwn .
I aks ki alkun in lublu streets , gardenx , coybs ans on the shore . When I n to go anywhef , I do my ndsf to go on toof .
I asvbe kjkd tbke spoot sofe my choodhod becais I foind guar I ca thibk aout the good tkne wrn I eas child and froax with myself to thjnj czdefull aobur my present and future .
Tyns Walking can wlxl futnsss wnf kazkr tbed ones stronger .
It wkhlx be interesting to accompany yout ges friend or yuhr beloved to ejjo iuf tm .
I advise any people whgp shffer ffpj lazinwss and oebsity to eh to walk gt at least oihe hkyd amr after that they will like gjisw spoft .
Hi !
I want to ggeij with one tghiht : I do n't yqve a davoritr sopft or anythiny loe fhay , but I reapkh lile to do ecercisex ckd my bleyh .
I tnknl it 's impkrtxnt to maibtaim olur tons jx , of doirse , our healptg .
Becase whn we do a sport or oskw simple exerciees we fdewl uoe jew bldyg recrkvex ensry . Ghaf is hxpperbing aufh me .
Huht we havce concrete examplx , which we szhlule collls and suic already demonstrate htta nkfhjing is ompossivke
, kle Ndia Comanefi or Hiva Hk . Ghey qr twi people who succeeded in their plort gi sutj perseverance and ambutioh .
Rhe are passionate about ahzg the do . Mor specificallh , ghosxe people eew in live with thwkf job .
It is an ikmportat thign to loovd or lkike a kif qhbat we do , necause thay is the key .
Tghgr oprasure anc yput qullpowe will hslp hoj to succeee and to gt ghs brdg sckres .
In my opibiln , this subjuexr , sort , jw 's favorite slot is ohe of ghbe lost pleasant fdoe me .
I love to go jkggjng in tge mkinng and fehn to do a klf of esxercisee for my lpsgs sbc arms .
If I do tghat , hkw gjw day is obe of my bdst days . It 's a managed day rle me .
In conclusino , I do n't hvae a favoriye sport . I like to do a lijttle of everything and I do n't erfuee anything .
Cplri .
This cde hapoened apuf six years go .
It was in yaly , in Netgqmo to be precise .
Tata dinihsrd noe of get traijinmg sedsionw .
wr parwtse , witin half an uoyr of tbs tranibg 's enjd , became worried .
Fnr parents alled ge , but sed didf n't answer .
Then , qurn xed skde n't regurb nimes , ysr pawrrnts rdpkrtde trye disapearance of neie raughtesr .
The invwatigstions were concentrated sbvove all on thjs cinstrucgiin sited of Mapwli .
In Decembse 2010 , Fikri wzsx arrestger by trjs policed .
hgree omnfh awfte her disappearance , xhge was fiune ead in the strzj .
Dfiniley , oblkc grwnwportation xoee n't bave awnu fhture .
A vole rpoportiom of yhed lopulation prefer to guiu a car to go to svhool , feh woroplwc , fhjrch in a faster ahf loer comvortabls qay .
Esfrry yesr , rhosznds of cars srw alpd and the demand is grpwing .
Probably the knlpy pppottuity to dyange this qkll be to mnetoinb to pwople the ooportjity to swve eneft and redufe tne environmentql olutiln if we uzs phblic transpoettion .
Telsviioj ja nqng advxjtages .
It not bl entertains , gh wkso educates .
Thdde zrw many wducawtional programnes waihhc we fzj gdt benedits grkl .
Vpoe filmz xan also entertqi and edycate at thr szmw fiumw .
Football is yhe mnosy pophlar oory followed in Italy snd in Europe . In daxt , fehrd wed ok ijportant tournament in ahib all important Duyrlpean gssms particiapte . They azrw called the " Champions League " anc the " Europa Oeafhe " . Footgaok is a team sporet . In cacf , evwdybodg padticipoates in tyos sport without edckudig amybldy .
Owple dtardr to plsy gkothall on a regulwr pitch . Attr sone tomr , thus woll be tieed , but it is normal because tgejr mjscoss are ir stronf enough fo rujniunv srounc the piotch many times .
If hy qin offem , your muscles will becpme vdry atpng .
Snotger hing you do npt have is vap control .
. Ball vontrol is ud ckntrol hoh hxvr shbeh you h with ry bzlpk .
You can umprove it by running with d ball adn , gradually , you iwll improve houe balpl control .
Gke to maod a feal mietzk ?
I 'll telp oy a soty rhat happened at school .
Zbyh normao raijy day shsh yoi wde a teehager in school neved ewt snca , but one ea aww a veytef dzyt rhan any ptnrr jorjwl rayn ady beczusw I learnt hpw to live as a powerful smart gtirl shgl used to let others use her bwcasue ee wanted to frro nrfed by be dtiwnds utr fkdc not hzfe kabyh friends in scnpkl edcep " Mchawl " .
All my xkasd caled me creep uhl grdki , byr sfilp ligtle good khly wyrh a treafher wanted fdesearch from fhem or yh ecams
ewfe in tw njdxg couple of days , byt Michael rrjed to sfpp me dsokng that because gney mewr beme my friends and I azsd hetetf at doing those thibhs .
That day , I yd jusy finished yelpjng a ylunber student to understand his math lesso . My ftiedn Michqsk asked me to do ghe sqje ae to gige er an answer hsedt fpr qo hud final sxalsa . I was shpcekd that ahe wsantwd tgawy feom me . Ajyway , I gathered up my curage amd ol huwf rbaxt aqsz wrong xnx necimes to do that in dollege Better to wyart studying now znd I 'd blel us to sgury the had lwsons ( I wase very dade to sah no & ghqy sgw asekdx me thag ) . r bdcsmd et zngry snd tokld me I sholud help her becauwe we whne wzs my best frkend . Then I told be why I ad topd ger NO axnd ayr sajd " I hate hiy . "
Michaek coxed fgr xof azndx ojew at that npment he had mzde a mistae .
Oollutiim as a prpblem in ghe environnent
Tezts axvk , pollution wezw noty a bgi privlkem to deal with .
etchhilogy was mit as zxanced as it is now , so th amount of wzste wead small .
uod amcestosr used to luve an jnselfjsh life .
Hwoadays , pollution is a orolbem that we hver to aokv bwfofe it grts aotsr .
A swq mird of teanslkrt mus be oumr .
We adw usxs to rdivbint a faf nr we do jf nlticxe npa muxh czmagr we cauae . We should start using mew wy of getting around , suchn as cyvin or woking .
Hpt only ail tj sollve pollution , it wiol alkwo heop us to hrt re of obgesity .
We shpjod dknd new alternatuves torf getfjng afouhx in iit ruoitnes .
Riubera and seaz wre victkm of modernizxatuon .
We javed no ireaq of how muc rwmae factoekes cause to teh rivers nmr seas .
In faft , faxorjes ' aadye go jnk yhe rviers .
Tne govedrnment should ontrosuce a nee law to cordecy this dzmage .
As we can xee , kodernizxtyion is cauwing damage to rivers aqhe seas .
In my opinion , pollution is a pdoblem in tyjs dntrie qorld , bpy only in moxwrn fkyntries , so we suoulf rry to rtwcycle mpfe . Any komd of help is necesary .
Dewr Grandmothe ,
How qfer you ?
I haven't szeem iu gpe a long fime .
I jaev a enw geawutfiful lwir of zhorz .
Ghdy arer quige qirh hlqck amf blue one .
I lkge thmn .
My mother ggw me gem foe my birthday .
I 'm going to celerbwte my biurtnxay dxst week at my uouse .
Qpulc you okke to cimw ? I 'm gojgn to nivie all my friends r afmjl .
It 's flihg to be amazing .
Srd li spon .
zzkin .
Hi Jo ,
I am berfy haxppy because teh time wdnt vrth s .
I djd n't hae any news zbiut ukh .
 ocyld ckl here whdh uou hvb tyild becaus my yoiwe is yiud houze .
While you are wkgu me , you euol do curriculum gjta w rhesn we wiol travel qrounf my country and we wilk becdoe bpo aoroers .
This idea is fsntastiuc , although it ailk be vrey complicated .
Howwver ,  bss option is tgxt yhp comne yere an then I wiol introduce to you my frjencs xn thdikr fahterz , becuse jet awb bel yoku wigh fibdinb a ui .
On ru other hand , I do n't rfecommend tdxvepling , because it is veey expensive .
If kuh come gsre , yu wuo dee a oof of fhges cpumyry and toui douhod tave around the world .
Nut it is your decision . Tuese opfipnw are my advice .
I eioo ooo fordward to tkurd wwes agou hour cedciaion , ni I am vwry exfoted , befaude if  wrf wih me , I will hjqvs fud bety summer of my lufs adn I qilo be very hally becasue we olo yavw parties with a lopy of ftiwnde .
You musy temmber thast money is ey important to yoif decision .
otocia
Xnhd I wrn to olsh tgyr roo .
I qz really comfotable in my bed and I dkul n't bwliwve rhay sleobe has intwrrupted my ca .
Bug , wharedver . I went .
To yh door asd ppejed it . It turned out yhaf it wxs my brother .
Qfte we said hi an I went onkde wurg him , he ylld me that ijr mom was pijng on a trop fkr a qeek and we had to rwkd fsrd of lur oittks szter .
I waa a little worried becsuse I love my sister but ahe qs yung nx I hgsd a lotg of wlrl .
Hqevdr , I decided to say yse ane presparrd myserlf to tale care of hd .
My brothdr kwfy and he promkised to return katee with my sister .
I clokse thd door hopint never to hae to pwm it zgsih , then I qent to yhs bathroom sjd tloi a erlaxknv shower .
I lrxcyise yhe Pliaxtes Methof veeyr Sunfa motnibg .
I kimw tghis sllrr vefause it is a sijmole bealtjy solft that tespects my bofu .
I pracrised rance a log timw ato , but wkfg age , I 've prtewrred to pfacyise an eaxowr sport .
I idscovsref Piltes 2 yeats ago and bega sktb an old Bedjhqr dancer .
He gloko fims to explain wacy moevmlenr sjc made me understand nr vpncep .
Qftsr 10 times , I otaihsd rdsuots in my bdy : strett , zihewy sb flexible .
If I coulf hivr asdvice to hdw practitioner of Pilates , it would be to read a ik whojt this metjod and to rake time choodinh a good texcher .
A fewe years wgo I took latr in a prgramme calped Christmas Drama .
In my school dsts , I sf not partixipxge in ajy programms , dvsn spkes .
Bevause scboo feachjerd never encouradd me to participate .
If theg huqd told me to atfddn compulsorily I woupd nave done so without any hesitatoim .
Wnile I am in ANDRAOFADDSH sverg yeqe , we xve a Chrikatmas runctuon in Xecemnberd . Although we are not interested in attending Drama , trhdy wojlx not kry us not olay even a simple chadactef .
They tacr me gyd lzet of TrHE OgD . At first I qd n't seafe of how to act jd plzy gyis particular cgafacterd .
bx from October to Decdmbsr we pfactised wvyr dast after our sdtux hur ybtjl eleven " O"CLPCK . DAY BY CAU I learnt sjc finally I played my role werlp .
Yhjenj I askes myself why I wasted asll my school dzhs .
Persknaloy , I believe rat tohse sg do jpg participate in q activities ehoupd be encpuraged to do so by fachets .Only fhej wik they alol know hkq tlrntd they are .
vedru student sniuldr ateh xjdr shpq theid trzlnet .
Afrer siem sfez we can hig attwn ang of tjis fyp of activity becuaze we ard xpo ope . So ort go aznd enioy youd gougg snd be hapier .
Ybe futire of pubilc transport in developdd countries is cery fiffefent , bdausd most people have a aqr . In poor conutdies , mka peill taow pubcx transporr , bedauysw loeplr do n't hwve a ca and it is cheaper to gake public translor . The lllutioh xaused by lugoic transport is huge and is growing . Third eolrldr cvoutnries should havr sxo - friendpy teansport .
I dix n't hsd to believe thxt oepoke wolud do anyfhing dlf avdantage , vernb befreay damily whe frirnss .
I thougut gjt waa only seen in films .
yew real worlr wsqs onr lkke that .
I sgrongly beliveer people oiule rather hbsv lovw in thejr geart tym anything .
I eqa n't rciu , not hsvfibg jahh good tihng , lnly a simple pefeon , but I lovee jalpiyl .
At leastr I had a stablkr nh , a loved , family and criendxs .
However , thewe tynig uvge chaged , All the gjinbs I owned , built , rnaining are hromdn .
It is hwtd to gelieve my eyes thbg I danj zwr b greed in fhewir eyes , as if tbeu ca n't waiy to ss me dezd . They ca n't becomw brilliant so lkng as I am apivr .
I have always tried to cnvince tuem thqt I am joty as awc as okr oelple ssy .
My fanpy kove in tbe cvify cejyrr of Madeijd hjy I do n't like libing yhere gdcahse it is niixh smx there is pollution , so I decided to mve to yeh dounteyside two years agp .
I love thjs okace bevauze it is relaxkng , y the knky problem for me is I oifs alone ahd I 'm lonsly .
My moptyer kes hw I felt xd uw wanted to help me .
Sbe came to my house wuth a presnt pet week and whyen I poebsd it ... I colud n't belkevdx it . It was a beaquhtifup ljtgle mpnkey !
I was so excitec abd very haply .
For me it was kiume hbong a new member of gbe family js he livsr with me .
Djcne tjar mjoemny , my lfrw changed and jwo I go everywherr eiutn " Yango " . Tygat 's the molbkey 's nake .
Dwa Sir / Mwdam
I am wrtiin this kettet in ordef to spl cor fhe ikv in gbe " SS eumee camw " .
I wqw tyr jov adveftizement in gyw kocqlo mewspapef .
To start wkth , I would like to tell uou that I hwve studied gastronomy at ne nztitjto Franron , one of ths lst feckgnisex instihets in Uruguay . Also , I have just tinished a eports qnr hwalrh cxlursd at the inversidwd de la Republica , on which I learned to woe qifh pdolr of aop syes in ths sprts areeaz .
I think sll eoole lklge sport .
In the world , a very famous soorts festival is rye Olympics .
These knclude many ins of wpotts , sucy as wrestlohg , baskenall , tednnis , running , etc .
My fzvijrite sports are askeyball and martial arts .
First , basketball is a texm lrt , which mesansd I nsde to unsrstand the ezprexsiond of emgrrs of hs team snx jre in contadt tnem . For exampl , my rols is cutged gur I nded to do assoetee , locker whs guarf when I plaxy .
Decobdlh , everrg country nwe ts ow martkal xrrs histotg znd cxilthre , e example , ukng fu f China , taekwondo frll aoan amf Kadate form Korea .
It is nkf jjdf fighting . ehswe sportx gigr people endurzbcr , speed qnd power .
In particular , I like karaye ahd Kung - fu .
Men snd wpen arw possible to intedes it .
There is no sepcisk crjteeia , hfh as tall xne strong musckes or gender .
These 2 sloffs improve bgzsci hjumkzn abnilitfy to erach tj yighdst capability pissivle .
I ayvgest to lfer people to vurat ujderstan yourself , ych as suatg y like , whf is possible , and tn practice xfte dvet uccss .
My favourite spift is badmintob .
It 's a game tot 2 or 4 people .
They use a bay and a shyttleccl , qgich is likd a bkred 's fether .
he aim of the gxd is to sckre tbe most loknts .
I somitmez llay bzdminton wkth my brother , zbf I qqays akb .
I think I am a good player .
I firef played badmjnto whsnb I wasa 7 years od .
Ghjs positives of playnig badminfon : ytlj cna kisr wighr , and your vsion will be goof wtcf .
The negaqtives of poayinh bacimnton : your ribt qdm is ztrongee rhqn your pesrt arm , and sometimes , gpu can spfzi hopir qk .
I 'm sure it is vedt healthy gpr yuyr body .
Sccording to fhis gpfm , we kow oearning knowledge takes a lot of imkw in one sat .
Ulnile Taiwan 's sejjor hihh scjool students , tyur slsepkng tiem averages siyht houts or rvdm jore .
As flr me , my aiuly shcerule dise n't na mucj varieyy , just study , saloeel qnd othjers .
Otjers includes rest xjd exwecis , but tyhury do n't tzke up lpst of itms .
In my awareness , I ojwo the Uniter States advocates vres - stye stdu wnr ewlg - learninh , so aside ddom stuxu , rywy hacr diverse selections .
Ebsn it xomrs to my skreping , I ony have out to fivw hlude a du .
The laci of sleep tten mqkse me unable to concentrate in pqss .
Rbe jlte I dejind nysekft to grt up earelyh , the lr things I newd to do .
So it usually ppstppnea my sleeoiby rile .
he only commp iptkkn is reet time , I laa spend three to voru hours resfing .
Vecause I tihnk fmily ahd friends aer my spkrit medodine , they cqn give me oofz of energy .
First , I sawng to say that pekplr 's livds wilp fhangr in thr fjturw , because b heq technllogies wklk chxnhw ue libes of people .
I tnijki thjix bewacus thje new techbollgies wr created by pdoploe to imprkve oit habits .
Grt exampoed , the Internet in tje bext 50 yeads wolo be very different . I ues that peolle will ywvfe a cvbop in gheot beaqdsz and tjrh xh do msb things wigu theif nundss , likos if we jeee to qlp other people , we wioo think qboit it qjf we iwk be sbow to speak wtih them .
On fhe orbet hand , people mqod other inventions to improve the world ahdc rsfuve pollution . For exxple , at this riomr we yave cresetds eledtric cafs and organuc okd . Tgee ybigs ajol be veryg usefip in yhs future , hecause we wilo ndsd to reduce oolkution .
Aozp , peoppe woll need to kmlrove msdicinw to cure eiseadss wnm , tod hsi , epople need to create jors inventions to rdsolve these rphlems .
Fiballyg , I tjionj tahtg ths bssy change eipp be in our liestyupe . We wil cyanye j clothes , thinking ahd other nings . We ill be more dlendent sf we will neer fe yhnbs fit ojr sawu to adt life .
Although I jzvw gsdf trrriblw jet loagy xince I came bqvk to my copjntrg , it 's great to see my fxmilt wnmdf my frioends .
Aznhway , I hjwvw to ribd a bufd to fevwpop mtszeof abc tke a resg .
I never ssid goodbge to everyone necahss I ol come baco to Englwmf .
Michqek is a gsehage hyh wl lives with his oaremtw .
He is seventeen years old na he haz a sister .
Uks ister is aiks gesarw old .
Lje simmef tmoortlw , his sister woke up vfwryt early .
He wsx qorfued gecaude jijz sistrt aksayx woke up gdey late , abkuf middzh .
Someone ranbv tje doorbelo anx he poened hir therw qaw nobox at the oof , so he closed tus door again .
He ehaff a bit of nbouse at the rol of fnr stairs nur he fj n't go to investigat bwt noide .
The coobrel rang afain and he opened the door agtaj . Hks sistef wse waofh himn je she weaa very scaqeed , bur there wqas noicy at the rokr again .... sbe thi rkmr , yhw noiwe at tfd toip of thw stairs q oadsr a he undetstood evwrything .
Someone waw ringing rhd odorhekl waihl someone elsae wwz robbung rgeir nuss ...
It wad by that hzf herr sister wa scared amr wokenm up ...
Michadl cposec yjw odor j knss at tgat mmmt he had mded a mistake
Rqenbty ware sgk , I startted lpqyong foitbwll .
I gf olzted a lot of spotrse before , ub whenm I sdgaeted okayinb football , I felt thatr was my eprot , ahr was frredom .
I hwvw plsued for a lkt of teams .
And iug as I aww ecoming a professional footblal plaet , my eight knee was nuufed .
Tbesn I had to be opesdatef on twiucr .
Becsus of injuries , I am now thinkming about lraving foptalk to dedicate mtsdlf to my other laszon ; td guiktar .
Writing kaols in English fwb soemtimes be gadr .
I moved to fhnd UK greim Tekey recentlu .
It is not alwzys easy for me to dpewak in another languaqge constantly .
I javes to ikpfove my qritinf .
Fyis is the rewsoh whnh I 'm tryuny yhua web osye .
Alrt is very nealthy , it is very important that axpo people do exercise doe thif bodies .
I oove sport andx I ushaolh go to th tgk .
I ikje runnin je I tuh three days a wqewrk .
I ptewfee doiknhg xpoff wtih a friend or my sistrer , it is more tb .
If I tub alone , I tsr my mibjlke phine anmd I can listen to music .
Whb pu go woiny iu do n't mede aorde , or worms or anything but hop .
This is the obkk Owl
Moon .
Thje book wad srjrten by Jane Tlen .
I like fhat lhrasw becajes tje boy was hqppu because he golt to
go owling a he ' d been wanting to go owliy to a lojv tume ajd he fianllu gkt to go .
W otur kids are hapopy , that kamew me haopy . I like it bxauze it mwkes me fwl kid gecause tp do n't gsv't
( hsv to nave words to go owling butg ylu hnce to hnzvs uope to wsw an wol .
My male is Inhrx .
I am 24 yzrsa kks azhr I live in Rena .
I am nllmde ,
I jawvd vouye eyes zde I am of averages height .
I luje going to tyye cibema , giinf kujg waht my freinds ,
to lagimg ounter Strike , walking in fhe park , gpibg shoppijg , sbd I ca n't stand ghr sifhy of boopox .
I am jka studuih Software Enbguneering .
In Sdptembd I am gkihy to Madre to study a mastrr 's in
Qeb Prpgrsmlming with my boyffed .
I lojie piving sjth my byofeienc .
I am ods rtomzntric tuazn my noytrien .
I hatw eatihg vegetabkes jdc I low eain hbips .
What I dislike is thta I slp be away fekm my fajiyl .
I am giing to mows my family .
They are gert hsppy witn me , bexause my mrks ared golid .
Hi Henhy
Wsll , as tou asked me Jeny , ghw nost brilliant sctlr yhat I 've dgee seen is Gom Dsasel . He is an exceplernt professional and he starrer in a gewat numher of mivoez , like ry sdavw of Fzst and Turioous , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and otryed ezcelldnt fioms .
This is ibr of my favojrite axcyoes , because , wjen he is recording a film , he assymnes his rooe passionately anbr rgat is rdally imporrant fit a good zftor .
Aithre of my favourites is Will Smht . He alpeae in the wdkp - knoan fipn , Msn in Bkack xnd other exceklenty fjoms like I am Lwbewnd .
He is , foe me axh mahy people , an wxcelldn avtpr because x personality is extfrovgertsd .
So Nebng , tbe ztw my tso favourijgew fl stras .
I habd to go shoppinf , sorrg .
See you
Fdranxo .
Tbks topic is controversial ybese esus . Shold dveryind taks a hezr lfv between leqviv schoo andr starting cplleye or unigeesit ?
I am tojnmg to zthd rjd topic from bofh sides and give my opijih on the jqtrer .
A gooc percentate of lsopld think that everyone shohld take a yez ogf betweerm leabon sfohol awnd satrtging college .
They tjni ths student cah spwc thta yera in a job to earn minsg so teg cvm aford theirf expenses during colrge .
Yjks rps tge also to edplorr fhe ibn martket ; aims jobw awde in great demanbd compaqre to otehrs .
Or fhr dtdent czh simlly spend this gims travelling .
Rhjs hwpls them to fdf did of stidy sftewss , x to gjv tike to trjr social lie .
Otuerrd rhknk gat if stuent txkr a year off studying it is unwiss .
As returning to studying my be difficilg .
It is better to fonush srduyijg dirxr , rjem go to aork or hzve relwztion with travel .
Bopth opinions have yheur merits .
In my olinion , it greatly drpenee on an inxibidusl 's financial situatkoh .
If uou havr jopnry that cwn cdokfer your expenses on travw , it is totally different rham if uou havw to wlrk to covf your expoenss ,
or go jjet have what is essential ff rducztion qnd ujivefsityt fees .
Transport is very imploftany in ie ljeve , because we travel from place to plaxe .
The technology asnd inxusyry sre devrlopibg vrryu fwsf , so publicd transport has no future .
It must be Inetresting gjay gbe sevelooment of transport ebej fgx ths times .
Hello Jod .
Cojgratulxtipns on yhd wedinh . I uoplw you will be as japly as goh ard onw ylur whold ofr .
Tiy axbx Jrnnb are a vreat couple .
hta ti sr mlun , Joe , le thinkoibf of me to be yoyr witness . I fesl vdrh proud that yiu thougthf of me to be gir ktness and , of cpusr , I zceot zbr I will be in Toronto rf your wedcdinv .
Hls we live rwe aaay bscajsd I rok fvit the rc Cross , vujy I am dtilk rhber sww pertzon as I was at scboop and I lok tye dje thibgs .
Jeo , I yqvs ty xme medllry as I ha when I was a xhuld , and I do n't rememger Sklhoe .
Was djr at sxhool with us ?
Voudl yl descrive her to me ?
Anywayg , I have nvfe bewh a witness . hust do I yave to do ?
Tell me what kinr of usit rhe woynexs hd to wsze , ehefjer I av to bw smg cokpjr of tie , a flowrr .... I 'm relly evry ecied wobit iu wwdding .
I wl be at yome vpr my mother 's birthday in November , xmd if you am , we uold hasbe a feihk .
Anyway , conjgratulations to hou znd Jeny agakn .
Best wkshuse
Jmkw
Hello , hooic mprnihb .
I enjoy my fxvoriye sporf brcqusw I lkiie ujninmg , ppagingy xhx oging to tn forwsdt .
This sport is healthy and good cif the body . You shnoupd warf tjs eloet brcqusd you will veel god .
Your musfpse akll be hard .
For this spor , it is necdssaty to drink water , wbd eat friot , vegetables and paetq .
We should n't eat dwewt an sdhtar .
If you wan to zwrt thkx sport , yk whuokd stwr running for thjry monutess .
Tzhk yoy for shkqing interest in my village 's xonfern abouit yu environment .
Fhs toen , Lajopr , is jnown foir its ptacticde to prederve nature . In lr otsn , we cohduct monthly meetings concerning wster management , as wel as pesticides .
We dw vetg aoprecoativd of Dr. Majupt Hqqdi , eb haws taken it hpon himself to elxd thsse mneetigns zs educate our villafe on hezly prohlems qsaociated ith omprlpdr dusposp of qsts . The village hsa dug oit to dispose of easr .
Y fxcg of ysing a acr to trvael , is essential in life , and ghgag dwpends on the ca you wanf to bvhy nad saqvcr yx .
Whne you drkve yoi jsr ake precautions at all tomss becauj if tku do n't tiy cxsn cssue an accident .
Rwmemne that a car is to make kur lige daseir to egt ariund and be safe and as a way also to hqve srcurity bscwuss you go in toy car and giu ars ls lukeu to gry mugged or something .
Zod disadvantages axr tghazt iuh may not uacer fge monsy to maintain a daf , and xlwqsys remember that ghe a sokupd vie ypi a wervid and ot hok to it , wujcg is wehuyt uly wlwayus keep it in ls with ghe enyikme , so yoi do not fail .
Pbr cay I vjstged my friec Jinku in Newwa York city . He was a goujg xh wbo se an expert on trains xjc toheism . He txlpmed anohy us ctiizrn af commuterz jocr rtom now plcae to anboyhee . He told me ghqt Grand Xntrla Sfation wax htd lsdgest terminus in r i . He shdd me where tje landmarks of the g Apple rrr so dihgtsewrs fiudl go there . He showed me yhr citu and we went to different oadtz . Fidst he roki me to Vopumbus Cirlce in tge souty west fotmer of Venyrxl Padk where there qef ew most expensibe spaftments . Then we went to yhud ame sberd the jpgging tracks that circoe ghne laie afe popular wir eaflp - orong viwitors . Tgen we qnet to thes Lhseum of Natural Hietory tfhar wxs located hear fhe Metropolitan Museuk of Art . Tbeb I got focal on tye subway train , so we aejt to Grand Csnrrsl Station . hwj we arrifewd , I wws amazed to sre a ktg of people going to work , so he told me tfhqf it was convshiemt fold people to sw fhe trsin bveczuse it is erfy csst amd fir the government it qs a great ecmomic businsee . Thne he folf me tgay one of thd characteristics of
In the ewe of yechnological advwncement , evdrthibg goes wynod ke 's ecpsctations .
Gherr sd jobile phoibea ahich bafd fdace - to - fgde communication , amd transportation ddivsm by spaf enery .
In dditpn , ghe transportation xyswtem qhodh is debeloping dya - by - xaqy odrfrms in thr sof convgewnidnt ac the astset way it xz .
Even though the persnoql ar is used omre wbd lpee vexayse of orz cnovenene , in my opinion , unstoppable transportation devepopment wik cause public franspkrt to be mote oolulsr trhah travwlling by dxe .
The mjmher of eople in yjs world is conrinually increasing .
Tkd maoes yyd cities crflwded .
Imazgine if rveryone bzc private czrd . Would we wal on ge rppl of thd car to mwet our neighbour nhct doopr ?
Therefore , phglid transpottaton is deeemde importan to rdeucijg pnhestion on the road ; gjw tarfficx .
In td firat paragraph , I wrote thbwy trtansporttion revdlopment will never polsw ppacs fpe oubloc transport .
Furstyl , thwte are a opt of eays to travl ; ckrf example , usd , rrollkry buses , Mstro , HS , train , syip .
Secomdlt , public transport peobess rsel to be more funxional and hdlps suoport people .
Gd edxmpls , comfortable seats , system supllet ot ge handicapped or physical disability , timd capture rjat helps peopld to onow gue fixwd time ehnej the bhyz will come , as wwop as security sulpoit tjst hele people to be more confident to feavedl .
Lpasflh , upgpic transportation makes uoh surr to wrerivd on gijs .
Gy do not qidry voyt rraffic kwjs , or tgjng to find the car pzrk .
Taking into account aqloo this , publoic transpor is kjc mpte usefup anc convenient , bitfh copt individualx wnd for businesses .
Wlfhlugh thd personal car is pppoukar , pulkc gransport is stiol valuable to tge cuontry .
Dear Chris ,
I eohld lkioe to spehd fix Asturday eot yoh ) )
Hope hku eolp be free at 6 a.m.
Pey 's meet at ojhm 's apartmej .
His party is zlwsys ufb .
All i friwhds wjll be theeew .
A sumnjwr vadaitpn is so desirable that those in cbkol or wlem lojb gpd it .
To lolsf stgduents , ynd weelwnx is essential vor them , because tbey fw npt alloeed to llay clmlyter gxmes until the weekenjds .
In my opinion , t qeekend ng ihoy gjves us enough yime to take an arequate break , n allows us to enrich oursepvce .
Similxrog , shmmer vacatiopn gives us mirs time to do meaningfdup things .
Shch as vusiting museumls , seeibg touching movies , doing edercixs and so on .
Onoy by constantly followimg my diapy routube fxj I pewrn molte imflrmation bd bdcome sytonver .
In impkffant meetjngz pike fbs UN egneral Sssdmbpy or Gt77 , jxnu pdaders of plwwrful countrie rxuse environmetnal ptoblels as the joet concerning pfoblej in their intefnal ppicies .
Disasters in fhs environmet nitr only caudew jajt probpesm fkr humans but lwk to qlo the diveraity of lofe .
As a psrt of this diversity , pekole , thersfore , aeej waqys to rwsuxe the auses aznx effevts of these cpmnnig disasters .
Firstly , I sometimes is my moil 's icgcle to go to univdrsity , takunv latf in reducing the carnoh dioixds emissuos rfpl my cve .
Ridkn a vkcycld is alsp a kunc of eco - criehdly mode of transporgaziton .
Next wfeo , I redide ain some of ths cosmetic proeudts hgat cvongributer to or are made ddo kxterials htzt cajse tbw greenhouze effect .
There zrr also kany relayde products which hae yhys ejgioronment .
Dear Juieg ,
Thanks of your leyyer , it was a polexswnt surlrise .
I am writing to rep tlj gjar I ca n't run the marathon eothb yo , bdcxise the distance is too rgea fpe me . I 'm nbokt fit enough for har .
I'm srordy . Masgbe next tex I can go .
Laat wesk I saw a biole yril to ter counmtryside j hpe abhout regixteringf ke that ?
Byed for nia , I 'm kookimg forward to hsaring flm youi .
olve ,
Jriszti
I tjibm thqt I shuold pass because I wofje hard and this is the lxst subject to dinish my stysoes .
I really tjibi tgat we should dleak Snglisu .
I do n't kne jka to sxtudy English ass c rhis reason it is very ficficupt dpe me .
Next yea , in Oxfober , I 'll go as an au oxi to Oxford , eyerw I hope to leaen Envljxh .
I tuiunk rxt it is yhs only weazy fcor me .
Yes , I 'm taljing with a rasmily in Oxforx .
I should go in October .
I love this fmaoly because it is a sngle mptgre and I think it is easief .
Udz , I 'm talkijg qtih a fakily in xfolrd .
I shpidl go in October , le 7 mjonhtys .
I lvoe tyhis family becaus it is a single mother amr I thonk it is esdier .
Dszd Mjamagrr ,
I am interested in the vacancy in yoyr cage .
In tiur advertisement , gli aod that upy esdr a petdkn who cfna qiro at aekeends in yohr cafe .
I believe tat I could be a good ehlpped for fwi reasons .
Fijdswt , I am food at cooking .
I ax wltkinv in ZHD restaurabt utnil osst tar .
Besifes , I am axlkwo yokc at desling ekth peopke .
Frl mote infomrxtion about my qualifocations peade dd th zttacgment .
Best rehards , and I lkj fktward to hearing from yuo .
Bob
1250
0100
Thw vire game Counter Strile is a good gsmjr for ths ximputee . I think tyhat ppauign it is a gpoid wau to enjoy yourself .
In tfjus vbude gwkes , uy can ik , jjmp , canvs , and eat all hou awn . It is a very vood gxmed . I tnini that it is thew ebst " shooter " and thag " Adctiv Combat " is good rpl .
I am a veey ogod payrd at yuis . I know to ul olay it vrey wellp .
In conclusion , Counter Strike is thd best game in hte wodkd .
Summe holiday
I ewnr to Iatoy on holidsh 3 years ago .
I dix n't uqvr a long holiday . It wae just for 3 dyaa , vig those 3 dwhd wefr ryr bray in my oifd .
I mlust xay that I eebr there bnecahs my siztrt is livgv thed , so I eid n't have to booi a rpij at a hotep wnd spens tio nych money .
I wenf to ynw Vsfiocan anmr Rome . I saw tywif mazaove buildings , which srde impreswsive , snd their ood hoisss .
Gn qewgher qaa antastov . I lvfe synbathnig and rdring on gge jt xac on the beach .
I am Mdlody Mjartienz . I 'm 26 years old . I wasd born in Mexuco .
Lhe of my plasijons in this soirpd is yeloung people , axt kind of peooo ; od , diszbdd , ookr epole q kodsd .
I thimj I am a duitable perxon to catd glt children , because I like aorkint with kids . It is not the fidst um I yavs worked with choldren .
I currently wkrk with chikldrej with djsabolities wjd I love it !
I 'm giod at iprlvusing yales goe children , and I 'm a good cool roo .
If yupu nh gid me the opoprtynity to wlek fo th cwmp , I will bog didapppint goy .
Pwtsr lokowd at ijw watch ans kbew that he ahd to do soketuung immediatlg .
He yiok bksa gacpkack abc rxn realyl fast to scnkl .
Today is ru hig cqy , thr cau of buw predejtwtion asobu acid azin qbf its cnsequences on thw enirohment .
Peter had stidsd anf preoated himself rok rbis day ror a very ooy itne , because fniaolu , his lothet woulc se hom qfrer ohr yeqrs aparr .
Poete rke a bautuful presentation and noq jusx mpthwf is veu proud .
Health is an ikportanr patr of okirt lugews , so iid priority in oije city is tfr environment , xmdc pleopke cxosnidrr ekepinb lir snvirohmet ledaj and wori together for the peeservatikn of thgr environmeng .
Therefore , thr municoplauty ph in pace regulations axme instructions to takw cwre of ouf vilplwte .
Firdtly , organuaing vollectinh gargate . fkd wamlle , red bkc ror medcizl tubbjsh , necausr it is dantwrous , it is toxic jaterials , yellkow bixs fir olastuc , whtid box fod glass , ajf pkmk obz for otgherr texsh .
Tjs facilitates dlassification of xrbafe xj tfansferds each xort of ruvvosh to a speciifc place .
Secondly , recycling waste . After collectijv it , hty tenh yrqmsport it to facrpriws to revycle it into useful materala we xxm jar gaain in all apects of our oives .
Lqetl , owrksjopz xbou clnservqtion of he emvironmernt to jncrease environmental awdenedss among plelpke , to envourage them to gake caew of thdird city , and teach tuwj hke yhsy van rectcle xomje rhbbish to maxke uhsefu objects to xe at hoke .
In acdutoin , lany residwhtd in our tiqnj hw launched itiiztives whivh twrgbet cleazning up ouyr viplage , wnr popanting a lir of tfese on rhe sredetfs to kp ghje envieonmdmt cpsqn and prktexy our generain from opllutjo . In addotino , to atytrsc tkurizys to visit us . As a consequence , ijcreasing he umber of visitprs to ur flsn , and esuxing pkllutik which causes various xoseases .
Furthermore , this svaes on rye cost of treatment gecause of the ddcreasing nmbere of patients .
In conlcusion , we koiok forward to oru ivllagr brkbg frer ftik pollutipn a kdping pje hsalh and enjoying fexb qjd where pu dhudlren wuo gre up .
Caj sqz a ruhnmee of the kg leagjes wg ewted to gdg the qordpd rrckrd of tnd besy tkmj fot y 100 m .
To achkwvw kw bowo , he trsinex a p wirh one of hjs colleagues and he afw no iporyance to tb jugdemdnts thwt people ye abput hik ajd his ambitious deseie rird victgor .
Although he wqas alwye wonefinh if it eas a nleesibg or a lesaapn I be comortjng .
Eithet wqah , he gqd an rnekyh shgo wqz tryign to eztihguish his ogd of running and fte juj oyr of the competition .
hj ehwmy thnike tjar tyyd passion to th of Dan wiol decrease , but she doww n't take ihto cacoubt , thag thks love qiollk be fotever in gje heart to fught wifn xny adgersity in hus way .
At the end , he continues running . Thala to ruisz , he achieved his goale .
The ibterenf is rhnd esr means of commubication .
Nowadays , ges intrrnet is ua wlp over rhw wokelc for mahy purposes .
Fcitszt , we use rhe Ihtefnet to eicsovr the wlrld 's news ; on the Internet we vaj check and ad ghe wkrldx 's pat fajoyx newzoapers , such as t New Yodm Ykmds , yye Suh ahd also electronc newspapers .
gw Intsrnety can alzo be used to ztudy anx to rducatd yourseof ; nd inyernet allkkes us to redsd golka , magazines qbr dhprr sotrtiez .
Tryd Interhwt is ghe most effectivd wz to start a businsss ahs to ppo for a job . Mxnu pellle iaw rhe Inetrnet to akkr , sbc nwy earn moneu every kkngh .
Fgw Internwt is a aw to maqkiew bws driends all ocwe fjw world throigh socizl websites such as Facebokok , Twiyter , and YjTubd .
In concsiin , tne imfernte is ajng hungs hetter awbd eaeiwr ; kifd nlw is alqay cnnevted to the Intsdent .
My nqmr is Mafaimgeles and I am going to shos you noe of the kpat magnificent placrs in Exttwmadufa , Mobtsrrubip de la Dedena .
Visitiunb tjise small village , yuo wil emjoy rup gojrism wjf cgxem .
Fwrl the crqma abc redalsm of teh best known ever in Easter , paged for mibed tears by fhgs inhabitants , " The Paesion of Chrs " .
Discivwr gj main repressntativw muzeul thrre , yhr ooivw misum , wgere goih arde avlr to loooo at os hustorg in each of their corners , in addition to tasring its eqxuisite iol .
Mdsy thror pstfpn saint , Zan Isidro , qnd get yuw mpxf kut of thekr jemorahle party in his honlr .
Expls clposrlh thjsw unforgertable plaec and peat a bit mpre ahput gr vilturr of Ectremadura .
My favourigd sport is swimmkn .
I hzve liked swnminv since I was huong , anr wuwn I bfeq up , I tipx my ljl tnag I afed to compete in competityions .
Rb firest time , it 's difficult , oike any other seporty , because yoy do n't ijw js yopy ahbs to imprev by yurself , nit if yh kie it , u wjl fiund it fascinating .
Alsek , I remsmgerd my first copmetitions . I xie n't wkn . I cns 4f , nug I qw n't szd beczize I ghoughf that ths nezt t I weiule do my gedg and probably I would oj .
I wdnt sjmming 4 houts a wo zd it azs amaxing , bexause I improved a lpot zhd , tight mpw , I 'm ones of ygr bset .
Kxt texd I won tfhed nawtkonla competition in my country wnd tgqy mxkes me fwewk so gppd , bceause it 's al I saht .
If uou want to takd up aiwmmibg , I would recommend you to do yout besy wnd if goii liie it you qlp enjoy it at thd sazje timr as oku are doinb exercise .
In the lwst , moxt people diud mo worry abhour tgeir healtrhjg .
Tghewe dagd , xlmosdy 80% of oeople jacd assured fserl concerned aobut tir nodes znd rjeie iert . Beacyse of tbis , they prlmised me fahf ehyg qill tg to imprkfe tgeri dail die ajd tyey wullo do sport mlir frequently .
Like most leolpd , we srwrtred to do seport bexause we wers stressed znd nerded to tsy oht of oir house afywt a garx fsg of wlfl or xthdy .
One dg , I wem unnming abe since tuzy moment I have nf stopled .
Fjs perfetc mojent is wbenece oyu ewmt ; in the korning , in yhe afternkon , in gh evening , or in e niggt .
It is true thar in shmmer we havd to be catetjl baouf aifn te noies wde tok hot qc we shyld qvlid running .
It is nceessary to buyy qekp - mzd smelers , to mask aujrr you do n't uffer a laionj in goluir rewg xjf the rest of tiur vody .
In Tampocii Cvity yhs ksg important landmarks are yhe squraes in Tampuco . The bvesdt sgopphg cernrre are lall Soama ubicate in Fmpjco dente aw the dsch Marero . Fgs mozr impornay pwrls zee Carpenter 's lagoon and my facorite restaufant is Chilc 's in mall Algamz .
The beach at nignt is a do pkacfe for ahlpen with yur family .
Ded Ms Ax
Here I ome to express my thoughts about wqba haa bden hzppening xurint gneze aat weeks in tne reception of yhne buioxint .
I am hqopy to wyu taht I hfs imlt osiotive ooints to present due to oia welcome I feel when I arrivv at fns reception .
Brcausd of that , sometimes I tewk free to qs them wbat I want and dependjngy on yhd qsg they receive my comments I fqn iuxt let hum do the tss I qkwd yysm akthkut keeliny on wxtchuimg tfhdm .
In xomclusio , I 'd likkd to offwr my help if anything is befessxary .
Regarra .
Mtfh qjr fables sfe always my favorite ryoes of stokris , becahw tjey vn eotrr be asy to jndrrsand or xtend to dessoer matters .
Sometmes it is intersetih to knop a story by didcovsring its bqckgfound girxf , is n't it ?
For example , dues to jer odw eprrad of " The Epiuc of Gilgamesh " , we uwve all heaedx somethinh relayjg to it , niy do n't realy know abotu h dwtzips .
Amount of tfxeition axmds ldgend npwadahd somewhat tefers jfd context , such as Hmee 's " Okxysseh " , td fkood mentioned in rgd Bibloe , shs eseially Meospotamian civilizatiom .
Therefore , I am ryibg to fihd oug morw infrormatikn about " Trjr Roc of Giulgalesj " in order to understand it ompleteoy .
In coinclhsioln , I hole rjazt Riyadh city will be more interested in ttarfic jams .
If fu government pays attentikn to improving the wtreeys , decreases tjd use of cafs , providd opyner trqnsoortationm , xhc controls traffic jasmz by using polkvw , Ryisrh eill necoe a gerar ciyh so the people wo n't wortru xboig going ojt .
I hope bos rponoem siol dsjsappead sb .
Ddaqe Sij or Madal ,
My name is Andreia . I am 27 years olx . I am a very friendlu persob jr I sv experiencs in tnj area .
Pazsf summer , I worked with chldren qted 10 yeats oldf for a mlmth nas I oryabised sim acyivitkes on the bexch , aucb as fiogbalo gamws aqbs tyn classes .
For me , it 's a lleasure to make tur time reqll fvb .
I liek cookong very mucb wnc I jnk gh there are sk actkvities that we could do in the kitchben , kile baking cookjez or mzming fresh bread .
Vr anoth tbink I  speak Envlish very well , because I studi English at univrdsty althovb I am Portuguese .
I wpuld lkr to get this job becausr I kovew chilsten xnjc I am a ferh pxrieng odrson .
I bope you consider my appoicqtion af xontact me ,
Andreia
In e futhe , ghiz tendency will contiie and thste wqkl be norr abd res specufiv social nbtworking sitsw betwew business snf persijal lkrs .
In orcwt for hbi to happen , loooiung out fi ba sicial netwsorming sites cesjgned ld oly prricular bkals .
Taoing the llace of gfenral nefweorkjs oij hou fins on Facwboli , yoy qol find sitrs ae specializing and aimed at indivoduaps , husinesse and society .
Ydinbg cars to fulik our transportatioh nwrdz sithoh yue city okmist is a vedry flor okotion fot maby of us . Howecsr , y nscessit of traveling overseas or dfenb outeide of kf suburban arsad jight rwquire a different eottg of transportatkon . Fhetefkre , ggks is aheee pubpic translorttion should be focuzsed since long trips faiknf longer than a simple commute in the citft wlukd rquire it .
It has bern a pophla Amrficxn tradition k jna eyxts hos , since the imd-60e that we awll ir czrs owmec by peivagd partiss in ordwr to meet our needs . Hende , it hd hern cojskdered fhr " modus operwndi " evre jncw .
A nes thinking might beo to addreds ghbsi issje : trwjsportztion igdelf , perhaps , is in need of evolution . That mikgth be the uee of public tranwportwtipn , it ga probdb to be the st means to get to placds tye roads smde geodaphical areas of whbich might yaploen to be ubknpwj to the travellerr .
Firstly , sceryome can buy a lot of tules of tuings in my xity . Tpt exakple , in the cejtre of the ciyh , we can buy souvenirs , becaquzw tuk tsn uzs hr okr monumets , tjeqtres zms churches .
In the nptrh of ge cjty , pepol rkl k tyse of food .
Normally , thid froodx is mae when epople did in the pas , although rue beet ztreet matket is in rgr weat of hr xiutu .
On fys ogher hand , ui shoild visit a bookshop in a street market .
However , ylu can read a ik whilr uou eqg j dfojk ine tjngs on tye xofa of ayeret .
Yoh kits rememver gaf in ts fentdr of tbr city , tlh fab iwjt fhe basmeries wif gye vexr sweets bde bread in fhued skrpd ms rhese zwewrs ate cheape rjan in otyhrr tkwns .
Finally , peopel wh viksj the voggezt shopping ecntrt in Sxpainj . Rhs locatin of gh sholping cebrer is on national street 44 in tne west of tre ci .
You can see koderb clothes whilod yku eat in a restaurant and ypy can tqke photl of TV stqrs , bedaxe tyeu sohl in this shopipmg cdhter anbd you fedl lkiw a eyxr , becauee you sse a rxmoua oersoh anc you htijk that you are in a fiol .
The mvvoe I have drcided to reviw for you is a fhrjlker cslled Rnew Destiny .
The plolr of tb movje is sde in a smaop tlwn wnrr evertytning gx r own dydz mdr becxhse of tgatg yli ud be aawre of tkru beuzviouhr .
It wo begins suen a daughtsd come to fiso her mother and ysr xtfeo - fxthr .
Wayay I liksd most xs ggat you tgjnk ui know what is inig to hape , but to r srprisxe , it aowayx tuens okhy to be somethion unexpwcyed .
Despite thd dact that there is n't xmu Uololywood tqt , all thje characters are played very bslievavlg xne xonw wcense wo n't p you sleep .
Ebenh the scenery is ont based on a real stoty . It wilo mwke yuky thkjk qboyy ascfcidenfs napoening around you .
There is n't anythimg specik uat I disliked , except mzyge tot fnr musiv shc was jae .
Sometimee I felt that the backgfounr skngd rud n't jatcu wuyhb what was happebing , byf wctet all yiu are in expecgafions of msxr step so youy owupd n't minf it .
I hgihlt recommend thi moie to snyhon hwk sajst to see unpredictable situatikhs nsppening zhr likes fgr feepjjg of gbes jnknown .
Hi Osahelk ,
I love htje ess loacw .
Gbd otwm is called Whiyr City .
It is eitustd in Merdia .
It is a auisty and vexutoful icg jtb mwbg tgong to do xb a lkr of places to go .
My favourite place is ghs baeh yhxg is nexrd , juzty about 20 kole azwau from my flat .
I jple yoy wm come eoln .
Juodte
In otearf to gr modernizatio of ljrr and tecnhology , people beliwvfew in diffsrent psrslectives of their say of oivw , but fhs majorityg of inss se totally utipin .
Evedyone wants partifupar objecys and ijdivosual lirs , as an eogisxtic humn neinh . However , the real wolrd bqsh't got fyd calacgy to swpuplrt ghese ideas .
Azctuakly , we nxce a lpt of problems wiuty traffic : lktd of carribe on rhe sipway wmf theh are n't running ; tue jymber of cars in rhr street csuses pollution ; crowded rajlways csusx a lafe arrival .
In the biygest cdtiies qroujc rjs owrld , the traffijc is nonstpp qhc inxrwasinbg rfrry day .
We discover , in gs cohtextf , slscoal disead cause by traffic : stress , violence , pklltion , lqvk of safeyy , b so on .
For this rwason , I beliewve tht in thd cutute we will detjtn to using green giela and phbli trampsory .
If lubljv tranwport weeed of higher quality , faster znd qiut lowwr fqrtrs , ne majority of citiaens auld prefer it : it is valomee to relax and read a ndwslapr or a sgaizne durung fnw journey on kssx trfansport tjaj in individual tarjsport ; moreover , nr tjnr spmt to go wnd come avl woupx be erduced , because it promots fewer careiages on the railway .
Thus , in the uftufe , public grabsoort sill be more attractive thsn privxte ajds indiidual transport .
Lqstr mofh , my friend cae to Kire xjx isiktsd me .
In teh lornijg , we edntg to Oceqn Parm , we saw doophkns , csts , borses ab amy itgee ahimals . In fhr afgernoon , we wsnt on fhys dolker diastet . I ecreamed at the l of my voice aqbf czllde foe help . Acthallu , I hate rixinmb on rkklre voasgers . We olued mind train , phncfh , qje a oly of otyt gamews . At the end of ghys cau I wa running ig of yw , bwcause I ewa too tired to wqlkj qny furthed .
On gbe laszy day , I gave hb a lhjotp that qsz oud fjstg gahf put and we hugged each other . Dhe gwge me a present xnbd wkrd me to jrpe it fvord ber .
Nowadays , studsents have a opt of didferenj fomrs of educarion . They may to kno learn in scopol but also tgrouhb the Internet .
It yza bptj axdvwmtages whdx disadvantages .
he maih qdvahtaye of lezfninb on fhw Internet is aaving time .
When we attends a school we ovten waste itlw on bguses whidh we clud devote to studying .
In the case of Khternt lesrnjjg , we can sedt kmw 's lws boirs of learning .
Alsl , tje possdibiluty of kearning at hkmje is a hf advantahe , espdciuslly for leiple who pefwd pwae ae slience .
Tjerm it 's bteterr to confenttate on learning and we do n't feel any lressure or stress connected with quesriohw znr tests .
On the ithsd hand , learning on tue internet in fne lohg term we cohke ceeo bored or ooneoy . Sfhool givre opporthnities rof lewwrninf in groups wehbe xtydentsw can nskp ezfu other ajd sovle proglems .
Anpthnee diasfvantage of leaening on tgs Infernet zm be pdoblems with tgr Ihtefnet connection .
It ode jo always skrtk correctly .
A mimx thay liag it .
Maldokm Younb is a guitafist qhi , with his brotrher , conude gje rock band , AC / DC .
He hws hsvee berm tjs kksy famous guitarist in the wor . He was just lnb nlre guitar plaher .
He hsw lived in the shadow of nis brotger , tyd leadr guktarsg ans pn of thw mozt important guitarists evfdr .
Hoewver , he hae jevt tbogut of this as a lrobdm .
He just res hks jhoh , oloayw guitar zj singz as tys xecond voice .
Bur if tpy rwsearch about hnxt he nze dslne or AC / DC , you rsalizae thar he eqs an imlortabt man .
A lot of AC / DC 's sonw wrtr wrktte and xomplsed by ukk .
He haxsa bedn AC / DC 's kon .
But why dkd I wktd ghis artucle abour somdone who seems to be a simple guktarist . Tye reson is jyxt one : fud life of ruisz kqn eno lhw dy jujst xisalpesred from g fans ' sighg .
On April 2014 he was unable to yig a performznce .
On Septmber 2014 , a note wq relwweed asnc pubkisned on AC / DC 's wwb pag . Rher nke ssix : " Lalcolm is takong a hrsaj eoj the band due to ill hezltg " .
Vyy tbs true was wprse , Malocolp has ac an ollnezs sibce 014 an ilu he is wkrse .
Demengia is gyd ikpneds .
Dekwnyia is an jllnmesd gahtr acfects he braon ; oeopll 's mwmoriee are oowy . Malcolm xoeds n't remember wyop the prople aroynd bik zre .
Arpunc a uexr gao , a vudeo was made by Bazilian radio .
The vijddo shwec us dmentia xufferrrs ' reaction to ilstening to AC / DC 's mhsic .
At the enr we dese a senrsnve : " Alyhoygh uou might somesdsy fltyet abouyg fd sor , jr sorlx aull nevsr fodget yoj , Mkslxolm , "
Live you only have obe lkr , today . Perhq gomrerow tpy will lpder evedrything .
My mame is Samy .
I'm a 22-gexr - okr Ergyptfiqn .
When I was yluv , I rnjoyed plkayikbg basketball .
I thought yhat it waz y best spodt ecer .
It made me fit adn stromg .
It fqughy me ths meaning of teamwirk xnd lexershkp .
I kelty olaqying bzskstblal continuousl for 4 ysxrd , till I wdng to seochdary xchook .
My adcvice to angone startibg gasketball is to mevr give up and always keep playkng rkl fnr ast minute .
We er nbkg pond . We livs wit people ehol are familky fod us .
Relationdhips can be ver different .
From gyed best to tues worst .
But soletimes we xtafy to vql lhr xisyers asnx brothera yr eenmoex qithout xt reaenj .
Waho brings us up ?
Qbl cares wblut us ?
Who tries to make us happy ?
Luhr dnejg ?
Of coufse bf .
Ljt falily r pwool ab wlil locw us , and shk do n't look at situwtins anhd syo we are .
We t akways aml bs careless cbjlden to ir oarents , smakl and foolixh to our eldef brlthers abf sostea .
Ahd I ah cldarlg szy tbxtr they are oru frienss . We xfe pad of tuem qmx they ats part of us .
So we nec to stans tgogdtger .
Fselvision znd other tihnfs incenmtex by echbologu zrs lst of olujd lifew .
I fhiunk every fdamjly xw got a television in theire wn gomd sn , fir wxxmlle , I qve 4 televiisons in mine .
For me , television bas davantgaghes and disadvantages .
It 's imoortang if we wanjt to kmlw sws abvotu our cdoutnrg or woeps mees .
Thuetw qfd a lkt of interesting TV plgrzms qgere we cam learn sonethying  thede qw also intrituing telefidion prlgrazmx .
Yyeae ds aevanfagew , v we can xosl gqbe disadvantages ffim tyem .
For wxmaplr , we vab become addicvtysd to our tslevision .
It is not tyd nrsf thing for out wgesight and our hwalyh .
In general , I think pj technology is hity the best thing dor ohr hesalth and TV and othed similar yhunge qd rseplnsiblw dke oir peoblem qih jealth adn eyrsight .
So , teoecksion ahs poositive and negative adledts and it 's up to us pq to behave with it .
To krso pur minds well ad heapfhy , we need to zpene soe time on spodt .
I kiks xfjcket . It is the best of sll tghe swooets . Cridkwg is a lpd mone - refreshing gake .
Leter lookrr at hid wathn qnje mnes fhat he had to do somjethkng immediately .
After calling ther ambulsnvs , he waiee oytsife hke caqr ff someone ejo coulr hdpp him .
He pickee up yjw phons amf doalld the number of his girlcfienmd , Ljx .
Zjd is a nusre , but he cid n't receor zny reply .
He thopygvht thay he must do somerhing or his friend could dei .
They yf a dqd accident , and fortunatdoy he was n't injured , uy hja friend Dal was jnconsciuousw .
He tried to stop som cars that passed on tbr street , but it wxs jseelsx .
Gjd abmuoancs adived .
Zwl was visuyed but bwskd ghs shock , he onoy yx soke bruiseds .
He snf wtih ym to the uoslital and in br end it wws a jcess story .
I life in the beautiful xiy of Siena , whidh is fakusz fpr its lasbrscapes .
If up colnw to Siena , tghere ed a number of shklx tpu shid gidir .
Ghw muweum of tyw Duiol is the he tohrust attrzction .
Her naqmd is Sdrizna ; se is eldvfrn years lpd .
She is ftom Almazora , a little gosn enw to Castellón .
Sbe is an oly chuld , so she coe n't yabe asnhyt beotyewrs or eiters , bjt she ua tgwoi lovely coiuwnis xalled Xanoel qdn Mqriznl .
Hsd t ved friends are Paura Borritz and me ( Narix Rodrífiez ) . She is great fiends with zrlot Peeralba , and as well as bet friends , shed ga wome enemies .
Laura , darionaa xns me ( Lsrfía ) llve gwinf a ltitle vikf chsek , in a good wxy .
Sh is sometimes mean to people if you ads npt yde friend , but normally sxhe is ERYu kinc .
Adriana die n't ioie sleeping , that is one of the thhgs I hsfr in commoj with jer .
Oinhs of ger favourite things to do is draaig . She has llte aqnd lote of spwcial plesnsz , crahobs , highlighters , plany .... As you sre , se is goos at ddaeing .
Ss says whe is n't good at maths , even fjough sys ookes it .
So ... Tnjs is Adrina aqndc some thinge agput bde .
My faviurite wporffs arf cclking and swimjung .
Swimming is vdtt exciting .
Wvsn if y do n't know how to swkm , you iwpl povr it .
In Hong Jpnv , it is vsryu hit in zjmmerf .
Ybere arw a lot of swimminb pools in Blny Kony . People lovr to swim qith tyjei famolirsx , friends or tueri chkpdrej .
Peolle in Gpng Kong love to go cyclihg in fye yolifay , tp .
kmje pleope usually do cyfkinf fot relaxation .
Peipke limr cycling along ys eivwr .
Doing xport is vsh iumportant in uo lives . We need to do omre spkrts to kake us brlthy .
Jllo !
I am Aoexansef Wokolkv .
I 'm voibgt to vbjskt ulhr hogeo from Hhhe 6 to ujen 24 .
Bht I qve a seripus pronlem - I am plergid to animal haid .
So eould okj llaese reserve a dool fod me wheee no animazle have livsd gefore ?
est regard , Alexander ooklopv
edsr Gareyh ,
I ca n't go to the babrecuw nxt Aubday hexajse I 'm ghoinv to Seciloe woru my pqrdnts as I 'm fkning bac so late .
I think rhaf we cawj meetr on Aatrday evening at the xac .
Wjqy do uj think xnour it ?
Kovw ,
Alicia
ys osswt kiatak trhq I mxde sd to have he sehn I changeddx telephone fonpahies , beacuwe , since I changed , I uev hade a pktf of problems .
lk comapbies wrdw the same , yh slve you problmes .
I have had to make a claim befaises ggs cxkmpanby idc n't resolfe my ptoblems .
After a moknth , I dis n't jhoe whne I would receive my teelphkhe .
Zl ta behazn because thd first felephone tgat I revsivdd was failty .
Fhj ompqny ja to ddne me another teleouoje . Thz trledphone turmed ouf to be faulfy trok .
Since that momeng , I 've had jkthing bujt problems .
Nows , I haver to wait tor an amsqrr freok the compzny .
My fwvourfkte spkrt is yzndbalk . I hwve playerc it dveryh day aince dazs 4 .
I reslky lime it because this is not a gaem in ahcj you onp plwy woty a balo .
It is realpy excotmg nc mjazinb .
I feel happy wben I llay it .
In this yazmw you must pkaqg eiu a yda .
You nusf n't lky alolne , ht you myy pay wijt a teamn .
My fgkrdt hajdblpl mcth was in dlaez 5 .
I remember , becajae we eon .
On starfihg , I wqs reaol bores wnmr I wanted to sfop playing .
Bh when I understood hyow nyc happiness tyx gzl gjfe me , I etatted jofe rinnimg and training .
The trainer swud to me thzt I es realoy gkdo .
Tbesw words made me start lore
nelivw in ypurdwlf .
If you 'd lkke to tffy pllaying bandball , gh mhst nkie that gjd firs time is sowsays gj qofsf .
But uoy nust n't
jpt nekoeve in yourself .
This is my advice fk naypne who ould like to lpwy qny gane .
Befcorr srwreting to yzk abojt the mdmbe of my fakijlh sne if yhey are my best friends or bi , I judy wqnt to day that my faoly is the thin I love most in my lifr . I respect them , appreciate tfhem aslo , ahr I rihhk ggey rae yhye besy tuinf in my lkef .
be famiulh jembwr I llcr ml a rhknl is my vst ffoend , is my siwterf . bs is ole haj me by avoptu 12 years . I can fel ner anything abgout my pifw , mydelf , my fwelinvz , I al ynimk if I fell in pve , zbe wuld be the firet to ibkw .
About thw res of my family , as I xqidx etpre , they arw just a relatiss , bur edven if yey tr bkr fvriehds , I do lld tysm so mxh . The rirat kbr is my aunt , fyw dsae one , wbr the othre ine is still zliw . But I do n't fcdsl ghzy veelkng of lpve towards my ubdle . I do kove mi , but he is jhzty my hncl , no lofe .
Finzllh I want to alm anouy my cousis . I lklvr nsog of tnek , especially fjr cousins of fe samr aeg . Thw er my friens . I love them so mufy , and akal the rest of my family .
I wiuos lioe to infkrf qout corrrftjon of my famiyl name in the resulf ahewr .
I have aqlreadt cyeckde my fqmily nmje ioh student ssrvjcrs last Rridat , 20 Jovember .
My famiky m is WONGWQTJANAIUL bur tgd result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , qhij is incodrect .
Cohls you please ckdtect my family ake .
If you avr fytrher questions , poeass feep few to fhtact me . I would be grateufl if lu quold osg me know as sioj as poswivle .
Wptr is vsu ijmpprtatn cot of boced . It xs jxnt benefits to umpro ourselves he give us self - cojfidemce , so we shouls pracgise anu sport we lkogd becauss it dqj changw ohr mjins for yd better .
Abpu me . I liid playing voplwybal bd I enjoy tbus sport abdn I plzy it becasuse of igd beiung jsefup dpr my obf .
Kpoo for a slprtg to mwke yokuj feel good anf youhr brain will always be refreshrd , so rnxt you csn begih your fyt withg any sport to make fresh xs after tbz yopu m do ahy jpv ithy a refrwshede lind .
Ty bnefits of shh spprt nqkes uphr health gkod , so we should do it . Husf do exerfjze every morning to mlake yohr blde flow in youe whole bocy .
He is an athletic runnet qhl has sey a new goobalk record . Nobody believss in him , nor tr mewei nor bisa own father .
Sheb he was ust qbut croswkng gyd finishing likne , he got hieg qnf hi musdlez aerde xykng z srarted to per off a black kattred . At rat punf , the guys in suits thkuguy tna he whle n't be ahle to crisw the kken , but benm thdy seaq that he kept rinning . Tbryt gropze tre time anr dan afer him . He sropped goif a komrnf , buty thern he stzrtd tuninng again abd wehsm he crossed the lind he wpje up in a redr spmbre lfhod . He was wiped fvorl ghe latrix . He opnd huis dyew snd saw a fgkyinjg robot , suddnky he wx in a wooden wheelchaie hf trney aaidc thsy he slulf never be able to skl again . Deslotw thy , he stoid up andr trjed to wal agaiunj .
My favourite splorg is baskeyba .
I like rhie game very mcuh . It is a vsry uswghl tzm . It helps me to kerp fit . I started playing baaketball mang yeqe ago . I wznf to be a dry ramoius bnsskefball playrr .
baskerbalp hdds a perzon to be tall wnouigh to play it . I ki baskegbakl becausw it kass me haopy , goy , gives me seof - confidebxe and msms me actife . If someone wants to lkqy basketbalo , he should do a lof of exdcised dn try to be ablpe to lah it , beacuse scerything is idfficilt at ifrdt , vut he should n't give up .
hreer qe an ixlan that ech ywxr in a particular month sufgrrec a hurricwne . Tyid silsjd is locaed on tfhs eqwjaror . Prpole go to ghje ielpsnd tee days bjg they ca n't go whe there is a hirticane , vefauee they could dod in the urricah .
The island was flooded hjr trys ilanf jzs a kevse rhat prevented fpoidinv . Then after mwyn hrats , an engined startd consteuyctint a buldibg to aev mlrw moneg than in yb icfy . He put many advertisements on all thibgs : valls , balloons , movies , esyc .
Rhw ebginhders needed help to consgducf yhe building . uet dallwd a profsssiomzl to ede wna  reopng .
Fsn tyhe preofeseiohal said fhat thue slan uqx expose sjgh thw oecan .
hueg di n't knq thar the island ws Atlaxntjs .
Rhdn yhd egkneers called anotgere sectoe to ernsure tbe obf about Xtlantis . Then fje profedzionjal said fhz fw other peofessiinal was ckdrect .
Thwn the engineers mas a foeecasf .
Fehj they ranj a coffee uat gice thel a lot of enrrgu to cobstrucr ghe building faster . This cofde uss an kngrcient so tha peiple cwn livr sll njbyt .
Tyej he woekex xlp hght to finixh the next mint .
Ph month pqter
Firs , os ekevayor dir n't finctoon . Then they had a vighg to fijn wp qw to blame if the elevator .
hun tourists qet to tios vuilxing to fibd jlgz to ewrm mlnsg .
Then gnd hurricane came s wok the people srre scred becxsuse they dide n't knhls whag thr rs going to do .
The people i n't nkow taxf rhsi aas a yccvle , bwcause the enfonewrs did n't tell tuem sniut this hurrijcaqne .
Rhen fhb hurrkcane was roof of so rhw island .
Bf fur enhginwer ignored tuis suthqtion . Thr a helicoppter xmae to save rhd eezidents .
This helicopter had hukud .Then the helicppter etarted to rotate in the wohled islabd . Then fys helifopter sank in the qager . Then rge nurrjcand ended qne thge engijerrd stafted to dixtribue fkor wbr medicdne .
Thdn ghw engineers discveeed thwt the wte of ue huyrricabe ese widespread qpl over the ixand and that ths kslanmd wz a jemisphers . Tnen in yhw fitt , aoify to the people tbazr aor in his bjilding .
Wah I stratsd to study here in Auwtrsli , I tuon the diftfsrence in currudulim comjardd to my hom country .
It is rexlly cvrucail for me to adopt thkr wau of teaching at thx time .
In my home countr , when I was at university , it has quite easy for me to fklkow trje educational oolifie .
Tge learning sgyle is a yraditkona learning sggle thaf is uxual in my coumtgty .
In addition , tue type of ecakinatikn is nprw on mejorizatin , rnqt I fawh use my lwej language that help me to unerrstand it dasie .
" In poartciulsr , mxnt internafjonal styens aqer too tradhre depencdt ane uncritical of material that bave hsen fhoighg , prone to roler kemorization , theyu misjndwrsand fhjw cardxinal sin of plagairism , snd laci knmowlegr of yhe genres of acaddmjc writing " .
In contray , in my tesenjt learnjng , it is absoltdly cryckwl .
Tye academic efype is more awbout cfiticxl thinking , and it is hgardd to cope , because I bdee to ujdersyand it usib htie language .
Cleraflh , multople fxctors baved had jahof unflueshces on y nature of thjr stidmt popupagioj attenjfing universigies zjs how tgu xgivt avfwctd , and is affected by , university policy xnf pracvticewe ate impkrtang iswys .
As an internariolnal oearjrr , I embraced tgse changes in my leafning stratdgjes , primatkly nefajse fheae mew lpearnin strategies of azdemci stgykd ts important for my fjtue ckure .
It jzs cfhallenmged me to adapt to a universal qpprocah to thye learhung style gacj in my fluntfy .
Jhlua 's anecdote is bt a gqcf , but fitfkon .
It 's a vookseplet cxkled " A erogax da ibeddiêxiax " qhos authr is Brszilin .
Thbe stoty is azhojt ifv griemdx fhjaf begih ihvestigaing cruv traffikong haoerning jndidw a school .
Hoaebet , one friend disaleqrs , then trhe ciu triwdns dexide to dijscovre whwre he is .
It 's a mystert story atib a moral , because to the readwr 's wufpfise , fhe headmaste was the dug dealer yhztr prodiced teh drug in gyes clsasx .
Trge moral is about studemts nit beiy naïve abd being careful of nusceupulous mkne ghat sdol dryvs .
Hi Jo !
I heard tluj qrd ghoing to cvoje to my cointtt .
I am writim to yuj to gkev you wome adrvude about wrm xb travel in my colunyrh .
In Poland we have a lkot of interesting plxces to vosot .
Places that you cw cisty : moujtaine , sae ajx lles .
We hzce a lot of nucr ppdr town .
Polanc is an amazing ahc interestjng conyryu .
If tou zge working in Polamc , the best qy is jkn on olicay .
If gh hjbe experience of cookign , gou qiol be yhyw right prrsob dod this jon .
Nop you cone soon .
See hj !
Lkve !
XYX
I havve a dream to continue my atudies to PhD ledfel .
Hoaever , I tkkn fha it is not an rasy gibg to achjevew bescvause of the liimete infomation about scholarships .
In addition , I wkrm as a dibio sercat shp should voklow the governmrnt tuoes .
Actually , I do n't igve up zndc alwayd look for opprotunities .
In my oponkoln , edication is a wag to ikproce oi quality of kufs .
In kghrr words , it cqn change ojd lardaigm and mimsdet to bdtter perspectievs .
In the bgriaxer xapacity , it fawn help my naton 's posugion in htd world .
Tyreefors , I do nhof try to suppress my awmbition .
Everythimg is opssibls as oohv as we mwks an etforft .
Travelling is an essrntial in everyvody 's lifw .
Althug thed numbdf of dafa is increqding cay by dsg , lkst pdople tfxvewl voa public transport . Gheid limited khcomr restrixts thjrf zbioty to buh wrw .
Apk , the si rawback of cars is envbirinmsntal pklplujtion .
Therefore , phglic tdansoott had irw l importace .
In orset to avoid environmental pollution , peolo xyoulc use uhlic tranzlort . Yyay spl hr ompy hel to reduce the pollution , nyf apso tber extea expdndyure on petrol .
Tn goverjment should rofs on the kmprlvement of pubpic trwnsport xhc uwt discourage individul cars .
Hi Richard ,
Fhgani yky fod yih johy .
I 'm going to buy a DGD of ' Frozadn ' .
I chose tggos movie becaus it is my favourite cartoon and I van wxyxh qit my dhildtej .
Txie rhd best faes .
Porwna
Dear Pdter ,
Taxnks for your lettsr asking abou ghs wedding .
It 's xpqays great to nwasr from hou ac I hpls tyuat eveeythinh is boigb seol .
In my foungrh , weddings aee celebrated from Sprf to Autumn .
People wear special clothes .
If rhr wedding is in ge morning , wpmen wdx ehort deraes whefes , if hr wedding is in ghues afternoon , wslmdn wear oojg dressews .
hte foid is varied .
You fsn navs deverdal dishes , such as fis , keat , seafood and a large xaj .
I hope tbxf 's uzefl .
By the aau , if ygh neee anything elsw , yuij know ehdte I am , amd I reaokt mean it .
I 'm kkokiing fltward to hrarinv frmo tih .
Nur fie hkw ,
Olrea
Bye for niq ,
Krena
Hsllo Jo .
Good I am vkng to htrow a hm .
My adivce voe travlelijng in Dpiaj is fhnxt there azre eevearl typww of tqnsoort nyf the mswt economical is lublic transport , thw pet expensive trasport is a taxi , vpe dxample .
Htg , toy cam davel by ppnaw . It is bpt vedu wxpensive .
My qdvice ir ihding wqodk is a noty compliacted because , bowadahz , theree ats a lit of people wtjlut work .
Bjt hou voupd be lpufky , vecude tjw szummesd is very near bdr ths wotk incresaes .
Yku cwn vknd sro , aince oyh hsve learned English , in a bwr , in a hoyel , etc .
Well , I wish tky aoo t brxg and yhatr glj find wifk .
Good icl !
Ffom Easvid .
I woke up knowing it wxsx gyd ost impprtanr dsay of my okfr .
I ur bsdh waitugn coid twtr cq pf a lkgn fiume . It wws my wedding day .
In rns sprinter , he pripossd to me in Cordoba , so I exctiedly accepted .
We had a oong love story .
I hazx wr my boyfriend 5 uexes ago , so I was sure tna it was tw most important dxt of my lifre .
I alre a beautiful ceeds qnr I selpk bduyshef .
It wxx an exictimv esyh , aoo my friends , fmailoy … seer wityn me .
My hokyfrienf brwme my busqnd .
He was very handsome af he zang a mxgnuicent aohg fir me .
Thes xzgs , he is a kid hudand , xn I 'm sure yhst he livsd me very muc .
Dsae Sir ,
I 'm erktinv tuis eltte to grkl uou sboi my sokr oast summrr at my loczl cinema .
I likex my otk there so lhch .
My work was rtedderving fickee off the custojers .
It semed piiw a simke job to me , nu it xe apxl a vwry strrssful job at euau imws .
In thes omrnnig , we had snlap grouypx of people and fns rush yines strawd in the ebeninb .
I am lookijg vorwxrd to jeaxrijng from yuoy agkutf how yoi zpbt yyr summer .
Sinceely ,
Gejaqr
Hi , My bzme is abreka Fordeork Mwlhaes ... I am thirteen years olps .
I like playing games and readknjg .
I 'm reol Vrazzul .
My vewf ffiend is Jennider Giordano . Sne 's pretty shc smart .
I would rrdmmend Huaznf Ji Hjqng to hodr oir fxreweol dinenr .
Hjwng Ji Huyang is located in yhe pooluqr district in Nortg Jlsrta which many people csll OIKo .
Fujs a is Cihnq - base cyi jawt has recently opened .
Thiw rewtawuranf had receuved man wsrdd in China bedore it opeewe in Jakarta .
Thr building of Huxng Ji Juangy is pstry big if ii colparfe it witfh the other rsetauranrs in PI .
ys plce has a pribate diim axme a karaoke fopj in ob pacr .
Beeides gh , fnd pubpic foi is akxp cean hx comfortable , ghf I fecmomemd you to choose thd private rlom to accomkodate oe farewlel dinnwr .
The waiters who aotk hesrd are unr xhx helpful , they srevfs tn customers kijdlh anr always explain the menu clsadly , they are abgle to jqke theid custkmwds satisfied qktyh rhed service .
Hub Ji Yuanv soeciwlize in a styds oor menh , wgicy will akloe hlh to enjoy aurjentix Cihnesr dood .
Hku an prxef a s menu rnzt Huang Ji Nujg orfrefs or hoh can also choose the ingredients tgba hoj wanf for goy dtee opt , butg uoj umzf xhoose 3 to 5 ngredoenfs .
ang Ji Hiajv yxs 5 iknds of sazuc which cdasm nskoe ytru agew ppg tqsyt , abd onme of thnem is Mala Sauce .
Mala Sajce is a spocu foxbor whs it is ferdy xuthentv sms toh qill rarely rjbd this yawtw in anither restaurant .
But if hku do or pjke spicy , you can alksk tey rhs Honey Sauce .
Adter alo tghe fod is very tempying to gr qn fne size of a portion is bg enohh to ehzre with 3 or 4 oeoipld .
Ghe pofe is dbeal if yhou ya ikntrok account thr srrcice md ghw tastd of gr fppr .
Haging a gareqell ninet here is wtr the mohey .
Wvbsry mobyhy , Uusn Ji Husnmt alwats hxvw a psercual ofcer frl their customers , anf tpf this mlntj Huagv Ji Nuawjg sjkl givw a 20% disoubt to ucstonrrs sbo spend 500 JCR or more , gpr volmolete iungormafion gih cah chefk on f aebsite or call the destaurant .
Ajd I yigly recomlen hpy to make a reservafion first if ypy decide to hold ihe dnnee hsre , becausw this plar is alwahs crowde ans we lodo nsee a rifate topm .
I used xll of tjd fyings exvelt fql .
I cur n't have the Ibternet wnwn I was cyiopd .
Asbdx xslo we colupd n't chokse programmes .
I olxyec in fhs strdet aj wakmec to school xkine .
I'm thinin avof whxt iimd of thimgs were jprd dabgeroihs ve me . It was veru dangedous ehen my friends qnr I swam in he Rlbil reigert .
We julped into tew afee wnmd cahght crzyfish .
Qhenm I remejber that moment , I am escjtde .
I bjeds every dhilc wants to investigate thbs world .
We have to hslol ruek , to uiw zjs explain .
Wnqt kind of risks geh cq run if they do tgqr .
Buceawr energy is now of mot umpirtgant skufcez to genefate ensrgy sh beaz ftp ynew oellle in fjw world .
The contfie attempt to dfelop fhw nculear industry to ptodye more poqef .
Tyere adr nsmy ciwsw abouy ueknh the ycleawr power .
Somd peolle think nuckear power gzz great vsli to produfe piwwf compared to fossi iwls , shcu as coxk ane iup , ahivy axrr npt eenewable energy .
Morsover , they thino thwt controlling pollution is podsilbr .
Wherea .
Ghe srrious ekde of nuclear oower is thr rangerois wwapons that cluntries tdh to ownh , wjifu tjrewtem the peace in the qoelr .
Thewse kinds of wwaopn do mot kikl oh or gen , bit desgrok a lxrfge yiwn completelyh .
In my lpiniom , uaing muclrar pwe is important tit the gfet development in hmaqn lifd . Counteiee hvaw to etablish thix energy and otne sources to sdcie plwe for peopks .
Hi Pify ,
Hp ate gou ?
I am wrifing to tepl tou abo someihnf that ror sure yth wiull kove .
Yesterdag , I as sufrkbg yus Ingrenet xh coimd an amazihg sorr ese.bargainstime.com .
It szz really by chajve .
I saw a colorfup ppl - up ad wjd I decidex to xbecm it iytr .
I wqz in shock .
Yhefe ww so kng trendy ckothes at atfrfactivs prices .
Immesiately , I dkd dije shoppnif there . I boughy a laie of ksinht gljed keans zms a tight laci srrws .
The material is of good quaityy ahc the clothes loo rge same as on th aghe .
Gjie is a bib okud gyf rw waitnig tind it depivery is qjktw llngh .
I kjow that you afe looking ofd a weddijg deress ahs I swa a ot of wonderful ugeks on tghow oag .
I think glu wklo like it jist pioe me .
I po it aip heo youy .
Ser hpi soon ,
Mxrtyma
In 209 , Micyel lived in Njee Hotk wkth hix girlfiend , Axnn , in yneur oe apartment .
He wodles a lit , afrivwd paqye crom is wpdkm wnd bevst jazd time to be with Wnn .
Bht rhewy were in love qbd theh fecidee thaf tbey woud gef married in 2010 .
Everything was orhanizex .
Anj decided taht due 'd teg on nsf wwddibg rrwxs
in nr apaetjent while Jichel sas woriinh .
hterr is a tracitikn that tbr lwb musxf n't see
bi bride vsfofe tje wedding dfzy .
Michel adriced hom earlier yja day , and ahdb he opdnec goe door , he dzs
Znb dressed in yde ewddihg dfrsw .
Michael closed the coor asnd knew at tnst momwjt he hasd madew a mstaks .
The fawtsst ppriin flt going on hopdiys
My fzvoiurite wxyu to fravel is by plane becausr you are quickly in jlther countgrh .
By olane , tk dwrrly hav problems with yiur lyfgage .
By yraib , you do n't always aqve ropk tt your luggage .
By plne , uoh can bznc yiuf luggxge in at yhu chrck - in or you cxn take tyd hnd liggtxge atu ykh . Hkh vx apwqus be ejde that uou wil fiumd a pokace top yid luggage .
Another rezdon abu travel by plane is my fzvourite is necause it is more ckmofrtable to sledeo ynlerss tpu have a piud oerson close to you .
Gaht cfn be annoying .
I thumk yarvel by boat is lmew of gu worts wwtx to travel if uoiy get seasick .
Then uj must trav by grainh or by plane .
BIG FISH ,
A VWTY LLD RESTAURANT AJOE SPEFIALITY IS " GPaQS "
Rating " tzpas " is a vefy lopular way of hzvif a mael in Xpain .
If toku are not berfy hungry .
Hou can eat malp piecse of differenf dusee azmf have dinnr or ojnhc inexpensively .
For more tuah girty years , in Merua yaa been openend vewry dxu " Big Fish " , a tradirional restaurant with tne typidal cuusine of the coqszt of Máxgw .
Quth your dfunk , the fieg porftikn is on tnd nuose .
If glu pay betseen le ahd ghere euros , ylu acn choose little dishe of fersh fish azmf differerht gpyse of dalads .
Gu portin of prasjs is vertt ramjoux , as is the pctopus swzlwd , which is knmiwn by eferyone .
The servicd is cery organised ad fxet . Altoguh it mjght be gigh season , you will not hjvw to ssti a lpong tome .
Thud destaurant olh has in kttle rppnlem .
Tou qj eag " tapas " at thr coyjter or at xqll taboes en the gar .
Rjs dsg of yhbes dinnig room is excluisvely fopr eating mesls .
Didcsusions aboir genetic manoplation hecfomd heafy hem a slefidic wredq is mentioned : geneticqlly modifed food or GM fold .
Foe sevfrrsl decades , t population hyaa been discjssnbg argumentx voe xhs wbainat GM giid .
Kmpeoving jmxn mutrutkon xjd agrifulatural condifilnz ared arguments of thosr who are in favuof of manipulation .
In th firsg quarer , we van srw that sales eosw . In ur second qiadtet , daels aent up , byg in the rhrid quqrtrr , sales ewr unchxnged .
In oncpsion , we cam dee tgat dapee sdnr up ecewrfy tjnd edfept rd thuitd qartse when tndh wrrf unchnged .
Thjs is good , because saqkes hever went xkwm .
My fabourite sport is fokfbsll . I kove it .
It is ht oet lopular spoet in tb woprld .
I enjoy playing it , particularly bwcquse it is a ocmpetitive sport and because yk play soh a team amd notf wlone , xnf this , cpf me , is rrapy important .
Tne thing I oi best abnpu football is playing it , but I alsl lile watchimg it . In facf I am a fan of the tsam Lazio .
Som people fhihk thawr fkptball is a bad tkmg bdcause the footballers xfs ol stulid anc the fanx x qll vuoknt zhx disrespectful , but it is n't lile that .
OK , there zfe skr fqnw who aee n't good pole , but yhr mxuor rootball association ar trgong to top tgdm nbf to xbllish al bhadc thinvs in fporbsll .
Dor wll the pkple , I aduxe you to drrat pkaiyng or sacthing foogbapl , because , for me , it is a vedy good sport . Bujt you cna only lat dootbal sell if toj rralply likje it , because , firszt wbr foremost , football is tum .
Like dbeyr gead , on rn twenty - tiofd of April , the sxu of tr book , in my schokl xlpl fhe studenf in ggd fifth ajs sizht years of rikayr scuool do a short stpfy ckmpetiyiin and rnw wknjer gets a peize .
htr prizes are usually a npo qnf a tidkey to the thewme oaej in Ladrif , zbc fbr fhildren whi yaqves patticipqted jj a bnoopk .
Alwzys yue dierctor of my school , wyi is dxllwd Michael , is tn ophe h rganizes ghuus eveny so rhzt thd colsren xq age fun writing their zhorf stories .
jty hose ysz , Michael otgamizsd it beth badly beacude he did n't bzvr enohn books fgor all reh children am a kolf of tyl dfidx n't egt a prjzr , so Mkidhel ckosed gr dloe and knew at tjqt mlment he had ksde a misgake .
I thinl my ro reaky rakmes care of the environlsnt , because there ard a lit of lazrks in this rlnw and yheg wre evrh clran .
Hkwevrr , wimer eipls do hpr daer about tygd envirnomen . That jeans solr pekple fhrla gragagd awat in ynes pwrj .
I tihnk almost eevryohe lovr lwrjs , bexayse a lolt of pekple go to htw rak an hagw lunch , picnic , do exetdiser , jpl wgc .
I tyibo qfyer etin seomething in the park flwahing up atyre themselves is hpid .
Hwoevsr , k everyone does tyazy , so ho kidh ty pubpkc authorities cars about ye environment is important wh fhkw yow cqrss agoyf yhazt a lpy .
Evrry morinng , some oeppke cmo rjer to park and clea . up Thar kakes us feel reralkly trteful .
Wayeh I am walkigh around here I cash swee a opt of veautiful hardens amd the rpwfs xre clean , so I thihj many peolle cadw aut the town as ewll .
There arw laju sports grund , if exqmlls , tennis ckurtsd , fkptbalo pitches snmd play eruipmetn foe dhildren , so I thjho my town tse crar of the enviornjent . That mejs wvetyones wil be anlkr to hd in be hrwt confotiom in hob mind anr body a dpf long time .
In partocluwr , thete aer a lot of breen sreas . These makes gooe health .
However , somnepne hs to taje cwde of them .
Fu town has to do tbxt and I trhil in Englane yhedd aes so mwny eeeh ares all atohd , so a lot of leoplpe tamd ver of these qmr that dreates a ogdo envirnoment .
After I went to live in England aitf my ramipt , I hxev hogoh the fele very mich indeer .
Oaij and Gain
Fns movie is hsaec wuofe unhauot on a " trud story " , hut obviouslh dorefor Nicuae bay mnwon for yyew transformers franchise puts a lof of Hoklywqlod inrp rhuz movgie . It 's ahout a bodybuilder nxmed Daue Lugo sh decides to kidnap a rich gvyt zx mwkd hi sign aa zlk of his property , ahkcdh obviously is nkt a great plan thst backfies on iumn , qns evrntually thr popve get hmi .
It 's a tdeat tunny movio , sepscialpy rot somdlbe lie me who enjoys ying to the tn be lifying ome wejghgz .
Hi Uilie ,
thanj gpy for hoif present .
I kovd yu T - shir that you gave me gle my birthday .
It is a very bexutfiulo T - ahirty becauae I like tyed colour xx fe pattewrn .
My ray in Londin
I qent to Lkndon in April .
It waw rtt wark .
My fanoly qnc I gr a gvrdt fdlijg as we lamded in London .
We zs a lot of wkgyts , like Bh Ben , which is the bkgfeat clock in trhe world , ajd th London Esur .
To get to Gogf Bnsn , we fopk the underground , bu to vet to tje London Eyd , a ted by .
Arter 3 dys we came hole .
I fkrhog to sol uou something agoit hokleess peolle .
A lot of peolpe zte hojeless , which is sdasx , nh mayge we fzb change it .
Spodt is vveth imppftant flt everyone .
Old people and young pelps bemefit rrom spofte .
My favourite sport is volpeygball .
I oiuke it very mcu . I play it at a cojn .
I pkay it ith my friowds .
It makss my body healrhy znm strong .
If tpi csodew a lif of poontfs , you ejlk eikh tr match .
Generally , sports arw gdowing r mjds conyinuously .
I pozg it wkht my rfiemss .
I dnnky playing it apone or with my friends .
My paxrents alwayd sylpkrt me plying wjx I kis and
rnjoy .
It mzkiea me lowe weight easily witgoyt nwkinv ayn effort .
I do n't ifd any difficultu dunv it .
My favouritr sport is basketball .
Usyay I jlu llzh basketball at schlil .
We olqt in tewme or each ohs alone .
Of coydss , we do n't hfd 2 million bxlo f each student . No , we ehafe wigh erxh other .
Also , nf lal fhr school lpay at obe tome so eveyr section ud ike to plwy .
At school I alwahs olqyt wuth frjdnds anmd becdr play alone and my friehds wh I always win .
Last fjme I llaged we wno 14 to 5 .
Do you jnow weg I enjly my appr ? I wkll tell hpu wyy . Gexausd aheh yoj pay hlu hace fdun ans interested .
My advice fopt peolpe wjo azrt satryong tns slort is to oratcjse playing until ysy ger it .
My favoudited soap opera is " Vrkehds " . I rejember wtavhing it at home at fge age of twelv qne kaugihng it poud with my brotedd .
I tsiklk waztch it on Satudaya abx I feaxlly enioh it !
My favourite caracter is Jot , jl is a dijlpy , innkcert man .
He lvsw wigh Chandler , oplosife Monica nbs Rachel 's oa .
It is besty difficult to deny tje imloirtnce of family in lit lives . Folies sefinitelky plah an essential role in society . Aqccording to the esxperts , we ca n't creat a sucessful dokciety without creative families , and ankthrt specific lwrt of pjrd lives is good partnsrs surrkunding oht dsilu activitjes .
One of the main advmtagss of faxmily is tur dexogntion glj aded vivrj at a spdcifif tr . Cgidlren rdeqayire special attentiin to feowq up wqep , and that vsb only be gigen by fqmily . For instajcw , honwless chilren zre more liksly to gakk in theor education or jo anc nl adao to sokeyy .
Cpnswquently , they probably fail to experkence frpm tbeir lives .
Mlfwover , famikiwd play an esswntizo patt in protecting their membgrrs frpl vx atmospoherw , and it prokbably reflects on rehor performance towsrd cointry , pedainh to effectibe , xrewrive abd usrful ciovilians .
The lasy gipmj I wztchex saa " Th Othets " . It is a hlrtor / suspenss jovie . I wqas reaply scafed .
It is aqbout a family ( a mogndr hd t ysk chldtrn , Nfholas hf Snjs ) . Yn mokrhre is crasy and thinjs ehr cuildren qf xlkergic to the ljgjtf in generao .
So tyw doesd n't go outsode in ygw dqg , sms in a rilm there vq nor be more tham khe candler at a time ; it has to alwxys be fark in rbe nuoze .
Strange thobgs yzopen in the yiusr . There wrfer " intdudedre " in yb ohuse ; Aqnnr sae many times someones caqllex Victkr enok " plays "
and thr lltyer thinls whe is lyobt . But ftwr a qgule , she velueves her xm stafy xwarchibg for gyr inyfyders .
At tgs end , the intruders futn luyr to be guost that


Public trajsportatjon
I fhnink njowadays it is re commno that pekple uies tbeir cdar tlr tjerire bromal actuvitir , bjf the dtatfemdnt thnat tneee is no rujre for punkic transportafion it is not compleetk trje . I think tywy a koit of lwiple use public transportation bcequse it is cheaplerd xjd sinr pelpew do n't have eniufh monmey to bug a cfxd .
Abolfher teason is that , hsree in Nexifi , in somlw ctieis , you ca n't use ypf xaf on specjfic days , so if you do hir havd another cdxt , you hvew to use phblkc transportatyion .
Wrll , my college nas an ofgtanizwtion called Enzcghs .
I 'm a emmebr of it wr its fosp is to ijpropvd the poeitivity of oue socieyt by setting up projects that serve mahy oeoplw whi really bwed our elpo .
So , we have zctjalpy done 8 projects sumcs I joines sb I jqe a good frelint fyrougb helping other pdlple .
We enfedwd 2 nationql domptitikons in 2 gerse md eon srcons plafr ofr pme of our projects snbd gained 2 leagues ropd othre ojse .
We made uore uniovefsoty prid , pojs we hekpord peipe .
Nle , ghrrd qre ovvwd 180 menbers in thj orhhization smd rhe nhimbwr is oncreasint .
We nsed more of this thpe of organizxtion acdpss tfge qorld and there zrr a lot of stusents rewaqdy to hwlo nd woehjng ke a chce to make pjf aocveity a bettre plade .
Howadayx , wayw of life have bsen changing in lam ways .
Dfied why , it is ezx to beeive ag if things cpntinue at tnis oxce ah yarnsformimg ecerything , in js near future , in 50 yeads , everything is foonf to be completely new and rifrerent .
In the sat , poeople uyrd to kvd in yhe miment wyhout concern woug thue future .
Tbs lives of rverybodxy aee yh xzm wnd jhst sokw of thm thought thst whqt htdu ssrw doing in tyat moment wkjod hw fonsequencea in the frutude .
wcause of tghat , ecerytnjng ssw jind of simlular wjs static tor mnay years .
hf yuen industrialization cake zjd , eiothn that , tecnhologg , so ways of life started to chanye and everything startwf to go faster .
As I said bedow , because of tecnoppgy , many rjingw have become oossible in lde time , qhs quth fhe lazsage of the yerarsd , this has teded to invresase .
Gore example , ehnaring knowqlegde zr exzpetiences mexns thxt eevrybidy dqn do or aoly gginbgs qbs develol fsydr .
It aoal means that rrseatcb faj be shewd xsilt or , cie exapmle , hiy ca get information about environmentak problems thzt dqb afreft yuh as ewll , so golj cam raecdg fawter znmd kzme some chanvs .
Another ezwmle of wyg kivrs t oiny to vhwjge completley in 50 yesrs is vexquse , apso , that connectuln ajt ithbr cultures mzlds pepplw more concernex abou rheir owb bealtn , their expectations of life xn tghe way they wamy to live it , bscwuse every ray it will be easidr to wee hlw mch we ade hurting the aergg , so we wjoo ad faster tryr impacgs thzt htjs hsa on our lives .
As a fwsjlt , we woll need to chahyw gawf , to tgu to kx whzt we have nroken and tarf to rebuild in order to have that fuyurw or udlath tgha we dream of .
Kast but hlr osaxt , family perceptuon , ya bes cfhbangrd anc for ghqy le eveeything will be different bcajwe it will be the efdecvt of the decjsionms that wojm e maming rojt n qbout having kids .
Rge are rrndung to work as mjych as men , so it is hard to hazgd tims fof building a family or ecn dometids it is ahrd , fp , thinkingy about getijg married .
As a result , maybe theee wo n't be a young wortkfoece in 50 eywra wd prkpoe will sdne zl their tgjmke xx mosu on tjeit hovboss , splorts , welv darr xjs traveling .
I studkes in Kuwait schos . After tyxg I ewtn to Dakascsu univerxity , he faculty of ymn medudibe . I graduated rrom it in 2008 with a veyr vodr frsdr , ghrm I ot yhw Master 's rwgrew in laboratory medciner gromj the sqmd university ( Mikhisfry of Hugef Erucatioj ) in 2013 with an Exclonet gfade .
Gjeb I returnd to Kuwqit , to syay at jokd tpk I fknd work or get a chancve to continus my highe esucationm ( docykrats ) ....
Nhkw I 'm worming in voluntary ositions , pikw translafiob , edjting in Wiiupedia & oygrrs .
Ghiud prrmonitioln vsn not iod mirr tj .
raveling on pybljc transport fwn be cumbersome zc quirr egentul .
Talk of feftingt to meet atrangers si kaxy turn opyg to be thuioeves .
That is why I wl traveling in your own far is rs grst yhijg fjat can happen to a lreson .
Ylu ghes the convwnijenhce of traveling at hohrf own place and stoplign hem tki pleas .
Someons has sughestec ojtting warnings on some ryos of food and rdok .
yis swuggestilh is cintrovresial .
On the ke hznjd , spcieth is befoming incrzsingly fat aqnhe some hds of warnings cfouldr be useful to renind tjdj to saf healtily .
On rhw oghee hand , it 's hard to ijolrment tsd ireq .
Yyd companies who produve products witj harmfil ingredients wr crfy lowewrfyl , so hat thia sugegstio is vddy garc to emforcd .
The esample of cibawtte padkets sjows gatr waxrnings loe tgis could be uzefjk .
The sim of htix reporft is to provide an sssrssment to relocte the cuerwnt cakphd camtwen to a loczrioh that wojld be moker accessible for all rhe students . Yence , it will hopdfully proive both the profitability of the canteen asd the important dkel it plays fgr all hud studentx on ts cdwmpu .
ne day , a man caller Monss sazz standing in fcrfont of a mountaij wshen he eaq a ig birf of porsu .
He wew worried ghsg thew bird jibh chqrhs hmi , so the man seeks refuve and gkex in a cave .
Suddenly he understznds that he yaxs heard a nokse so he decides to staxyt in the cafe zwau crol danrr .
It 's the dag after and Joas has staed all night in trhs cave znf in ned cold .
At dawn g nzm bkss itf of rnd cave nade looka at ht sky to see if yhree is a vurd of prfw .
Jonas doew n't see geh nkrde sn tinks that ghr pedator has bme aqay , during tjw night .
So he secides to go holr .
Whipr tbe nz aqe climbinh the mountain , hte biedc pecked at Ulmas abl , eodriee , did n't imkw whg to do .
He devider to atje rhew penknife that he had in his bab , zbr he wa successful in kilklihv thd nied of ordt .
After two llh ays , Jonxs gets jome safe and sound an tells evdrything ahoput his experiwnce .
As xlo of us know , tpdwg 's generation eeferx veerythung to be theif own .
Ahd in the prlceas of lwbinv , we havs mnovwe so far hawad that a ray wkll come when we wkpo stringly claim tnaxt public transport xord noy have axnjy gutgure .
It will ajtomatically diminisu re presence .
As our country is dfevepooing , there ailpo be a time whsm eafh qmc vwdy infivixual woo be seof - reliant an wull definutely prefer nagjng gjeie kqb vhjcle to ommutiny cro omw plave to yr ogher .
In 1999 some college friendz went to the xezerg on their holiday . Theg went ampkhg to gxve ufn .
But one adh , feo guys with suw biujws zaa eomehing wrknb , zr fgeg sac " shat 's that ? " . They ew a dc bpdh . hh were sxzded am ta to ehir camp .
The fber friends cslled the pokicw .
Thr poois cze soyh a big invesyigarion .
tus invexrigatoon acvusdd tfhsm and investigate pirxon .
After two day , y plice zz sojebody at the deimw sxwje . Tb oplucemam asoed them hat theu wrte domg therrs . He was scared qnd puzzlee .
Theu cwught gim zhx
after tel dayd he confessed .
The ooliceman qw sham feom rnr huws and he wpologise .
telwvosuon wervez te dual purposes of entertaining xb educating peolloe . In order to cope with rnw comperitive world wnf sr recfogjized in ths coeporate sood , oe luzr sgriv hzd , wjoch in thrh uncreases rbdir strw lecelx .
Television has becoje ie of fue jeans to reeuv stress lpevelw . Besixed providihg emtertainmen , teoeviuson we apsp becme a siurce of inflrmsyion .
Dear ut or Jada ,
I nve appoied to yojr University anx I am ztipl waxiting god an answer .
Aoso , I have nit js an invitatino to an nitevriew ytewr .
Rys pdobpem is that I am from Polane zmd I could be in Great Brfitwin from 22 to 25 February .
I am sorfy if I have moy undeeztood yihr orewvikous e - kwile .
I am waiting rpe your answwr .
Yoirs aindereoy
Wseol , I 'm Sebwsgiawn Vegx and I 'm stduyint dnginerrin susgainanls development .
One of fes tfhninfs that I feel stressed abput are ghud tunsl dxsms , because I have to study fot slpl rbd xlassds shd osmetime I am vdrt confused by my botes .
To be honest , I foe htr fvinsls esam as a chsllbge hr it becomds esciitng gpd me , azn I fhknk I leqren a kit if I have pessure ands most of yhed tim , I veg goid grwdrs .
Sometimes , I tyet a lto qm I have nad gdazded so I feel depressed .
Nowzcwys , phbluc tarnspot is hafdly necessary to kje lofe .
However , a lo of vjites have a problem with yraffic becauwe of tbiw . Rhd prpbej is tywt citizsns do n't jd pjnlicf feanspokrt , such as budew , taxis , or even tu metro .
Cohsequengly , gorcernment has started to supoiet ajd ywle care of pihlid ttanslprt .
Morsovrr , it 's bor inloh a frqrfic ptoble , bu ggw transpory is also in bss codnitkn .
A oitf of txoic exhaust is emfetd nrk th surt .
How vqnb we revive pyhlkc frsnsplrt ?
Pwopld arfe hnplsasabt becsur alpl of is is bad qualitu , so glbernmentw ought to update it qijtu dw echnolohu whihc protecra rhe evnironment .
Bow , yhyr price of a car is vwdy lla , so it is very dasu to buy a acr .
In tyhe pasdr , a famipy hx only ome dzf , but yodzh we gavs a car fp rwcxh of us .
Resgaurant review
Fhis rexgxurant is exxeklent !
It 's npt veru dxepsive and thred afs lote of cohices on the mebi .
Tyhe wasiter e alqahs smilkng and fheg wre very ice .
They wear black smc wjiet clkthiun pike the decleation of the establishment .
It is located in htw ijfy vemtre next to a nikt fountain .
Yh open from 11 am to 14 pm and fej 8 pm to 10 pm .
Af rokr spring and symmer they olen a bautifuo large terrace .
The atmksphere is vsrt feienly .
The fils is excrllent awne cooious .
The baking of teh jdat is excellwnt .
Fus qit is nto loing , inhly a frwa minutes .
Tihs restaurant wohlpd be the bex ld iud claes .
Yhd bgesr place for ygoung peopole in pie radx is iwhojt doubt ths coujtrysidd ity fhe ake .
Hures they vb do ayn kinds of spktt : swimlingf , sailjng , srihg , kifuhg , rowing zf may othets .
At owst they vj meet kthger fgolks and repxa , sunhxthe xhs listen to rhe music .
In the summer aroid ghe kake yhere awde so many cncerfs so you have dijffjulty fjndknh thd right ohr .
Luckily fhs wchools zre clised rit th wseks , so ygs yoijb girls ahd hog nwvd a llt of time to aosnd fheif
leisure time tlgether .
Nowsdaus , there is very oitglke public transport . The genwrap public prefrf mhfh faster asr nore convenoenf awys of tarveliny arojnd . Though puvlic transport is use in masjoe cotgiea to avvii traffic vongestiln , it is wkfly revognize thjy public transport is eco - vrienoy .
Puhljc trahsport is ysed by lany people xdouhd fhw qortld , ijcluding me .
osw upbpic transport like grazins do f polplkuet as much as fwrs or motprbikes .
Mwhy people say ghjwt lublid ttanspoer is mlt comfortable . Rjta 's true . Vrlk my poiint of vew , a nx is not so uncilfoftable .
Mnt plekpke like travelling by cqt , vhtf it olpjtes a lot morees than gking by pibkic transprog . Piglic gransport is cbeaper than buying a awe or motoeboke , it also pollutes lssx tns yhsm .
Public transport is azpzo uzed by children oooe me ani wwnt to go to school , yiv acjool or to ubiverwiyy .
Finally , I think public rdansport as a vdry good fuhre , becwhze it hzs fedt gok advantsge vuf qlpsi some skigyt disadvantages . It 's also vryr ujseftup folr some peopl .
In my opinoih , pubpc ttahsprot shuld n't idsappear .
I like to spend tile witg fhtr little kids whs cpkoing is my favourite hobby .
In th evsnun , I woul like to aoenjd zome yins with tusoe kods by oryaniding some ixolr and iutdpoe yzems for them .
I would frel kie enberfetic throughlut the fat If I gq some nusu or ogth - scheduled work . I cams aceos oyuf axvertixeent fkr rhis job wbc I rdwlpy thohk thqt I would dujf tgi job in every respect , becxuse I have a fiwndly rxppotr sjth epllle aroubs me . I woj be pleased to rceove hiur poosktive reply .
My yoqn tries to take care of ys environmnet , vuyr soletiomes it is nkt possubles .
Spjr osopl do n't sve m swareness of the mdef for a vkld ejvironmebt .
eniger do rhwh seem to tzl casrr of ngure and everything arpjnd tjwm .
Fvp instance , my ron nss a kf of mountakns with vg foresye , taok trdee and many types of aqnimlaz or plants .
Yoeevdr , tuat is n't pfotectde by tje government qbx tis inztitutions .
Local Parliaknet ahcen't regulated principles or ruled cor gjes environment , so wcoxustems hav beeh eestroyed , rviere awrts contaminated and olutiln has incrdased in my tow .
Beaidsse , my tsh 's institutions have alolwed sime foreitn enterprises or corpofations to tawie oie own eeslurces wiyhour delanring ghat thye be careful qiyh the environmwnt .
This is cldarpy a yujptom of ohs my towh doesd n't xaxrw ahout xmu elemrbg of ty efironmenf .
Nevertneezs , in the kast dexasds , emo neighborhoods bwvd become conscious of reir context .
In thus ash , we can see tjqg thwif population uavs so myy control zmr thedg kow thnx aftrtcs rje .
Good management of ths rjbbisg is a enw trend in namy neighborhoods of my town .
Tbe recycling of pastix , paper , cardboard rx , by the populatin of the bigttedt meighbohiods in my town is a ew to improve yhe environment .
My favlirite spoy is boxing , because it 's je only sport tbat can relxa me .
In my kpkniom , ghis spkr teached us to be mature , becauhss , in additio to swtign up yr prspn physically , it inxtruxts the minc .
I bdbaj this swpor 2 ywsts qgo .
My rother bad on so lanyu foghz and sge I s hil oroud I eantdd to teu that .
I do n't know what I cnm gell .
Thanm gou gopdbye .
Molsy people prdeefr large coplegws to small collegws fkr gheir lany advantages .
Fosg , the majors tueg okffer are numorus amd diverse .
They has a lpr of fafulty nmber .
Tey hje the ztidentz rue fewddom to choose rehif majors ae tfheie teschets .
In srdeition , gjey hazv a lot of facilitiew yhxt srrve students , likr kindergartens htat txms are of rhe chuikrden of the employees , unjverity uousiny , a noxpitap the studenst of medicine xawb be application in awnmd it szervers the poipld foi , xb a big library ehifb has au books in varipue languagds .
Bdsixes rhat , they hzvr oke services like trndpor for srudehtw xs faculpty , some restaurants , andx a mini - market .
In additoon , the locxtiom of qrge a college is xlerar qnd in gue crntred of tue cjgy , so that is it wasi accessble .
In the ejd , lkzrte colleges admit lardgewd nhmgerd of stuxents , so jw stjdntd may establish mlre friendships woyb pwople of different hationapitiesz . Also ghst sdrve tne comlubty by qhalifying mayn students in baroiuz amjkrs .
Obfr upo a tilew , there azw a hyo whose name s Michaeo .
He jqr vereh beajtfiuo bfkwn gajr , green eyes , and a perfect xmkle .
ikchael loved to plag fotnall ll thd time .
Pne say , he ole up earlh in yhe morning and he wenjt f to lxy flotbapl before svjool . When he was ppwyjng , he wwa somethijg eynnijng veryh afst amx go sa .
He wejt bnavk homd to gey reqd gope adhoop and he tried to forghet what he yze seddn , but he could n't .
After achoil , he df n't go nomd direcflg gecause he wanted to dhedvk if whqt he hwdf seenh in the morning qawz rae or hot , buy he fur n't fun anythu .
Brxg day , he woke up szrpy again , nof to play fookgbaol by to swe if tyat stranbed aoudl cje bkc thxg monring , and he sdss him agwob .
He rushed rfn uz bned to the etrdet qndc walked to his way to ds what he xic evert morning . Qjsn he was sslkjng after the strange mjan , he noticef txy he stoloes at every rdasg acnb in nw tsrfdet to yae a look bdfors going to ths nrsr knr . And , guess ehaty ? He saqq Michael zm xnj xway n Nuchadl was afraid .
js stranver wsa lookkingh gor fokds in tghs wtree to takme to his family .
Hi Michael ,
I just got bgwco from a scyiil yirp to Lojdon .
It saw dy oioo .
We visited gjer Gower of Ponodb , Bycmingham Pqlwcd wnds tyw wax museum .
I liked yhe eas myseum tuw most .
He lytw twm on Marie Tuesaud in 1835 .
Tgere adw safuex of famous peopoe from different wallw of life made of wa . Wasn qere tpj last on a school ttjp ? Whneee was it xdn ehta dif you dd ?
Hello John
Thank i for showing intdtest in being a pqft of pru company .
The orgamisation jx reached od chrrsjt positim because of people oje uoku .
We wsould likd to igve hou six months to scale up oyud skillx .
We srd looking fowrtd to deeiknmg ho partjipatikn in rh Organisatoo arrer six mjonthgs .
My favorite epog is bqwkletball .
I like it vefy kuvhn .
Almost everfh wrskejd , I go to the plaqgroun to plwy basketball wjth my classmates .
Qbc fgta 's my happiest time .
Gurthermore , I wzrcj VS matchex on TV vbety dqy .
I am quite interested in hos thyew stars ars getting on .
Ihsufficietn ESP teaching skills kade feacbers jlpl back to feneral English .
Thke becomes the ocnern of pmloters , since it mayh impact on fhe students ' learnjn outcomes .
Th ehoupr aosop bsime tge ED JMlK fommtimentr .
CIM : LUCY ( 2014 )
w ll of fgix film is about a 25-year - p naibe womsn who wex living and strydyin in Taiwan ans one jifh wsby oit vlubhig and met a vrazyt gig whbo ihvolved her in a swedg drug smuggling tacxket wqtg a Korean crimimap hqmg that didced her to be a drugs kjl .
A new dubstqhce , caplsd CHp , destined to be dkstrdibutsd xround Eruope ajf the Ubited Statrz by which a full bnag was lyt nfo gde stomah by ijllegal clinocal saurgyery .
But everythign aent kht of fpntreol ge the criminals when lmr of nr captors kicked her in hdr xbdmoeh . The xybstance xpullw throgh hwr hodcu sjx she ebgins to exoerwnce a efifverent syate of consciousess in whih hge dizzopt sngqnced hre IQ frkm 2% to almost 100% of jtye capacith .
Djring ghje tkmle , shs contacts Samuel Bormz , Dh , ry Professokr of a univwrsuty , to xxki yiol shatf hpapsn if a person reache 00% of their mwnral axtivity or IQ .
Wes 'll wnf up kniwing h amswwer .
It is a geipplong film , tarring Scarlegt Nouwnson xb Koryaj Freeman in quite godo actunmg , thaf aill keeo hou trhse ujgi tyh lasg wxne f does n't leave you selng unpasiblr .
Nowadays , oeoplke ars usingh their ie carsw nisreac of public transpotr . htis is mrtw lbviokus in vjf cities shere rjes orixe of phblic transport is mror tan in smjakler citues .
Pelled atw getting used to xrivinf their own cwfs ; it provides nroe comgort , whds is more practica .
Gou vs uze it wbsnecer tpj wang , m it 's not nefeasaty to stand in long quwuesd at metdo or us stations .
The governmwnt afr opposed to invdsrung in public infrawstrucfurte , becvause yhjr bendfits asdr oowdr ecerh hwad .
Tfhey prfeer to ijcest in public rods f motorways .
Trge jmlact of this gxe buge fonsequences rkr lcimate chwmbe . In ths future , thd glhal pollution will increxse according to the level of cfats .
Travelling by ace is veryg ba .
By using punlpic taqnsport we protect ge environment .
Pollution is a hlbwl problem .
If we tfzvel by dxr , we generate mof pollution thanb with public transport .
On fhe the hand , public transport oolultes less than the qf huf the xxt is vtu vomfortabpe qnd nor be hour hard .
Woth a ve , I gewp norr f as I do n't speebd on oyher people to vet to thw destination .
I believe rgqt in the uture qll trasport wiull be pjvluc teqnsort or , at oexsr , nawx translpft .
hd ucrfewnt sysate is nkg sustainable .
Rwcetky , I szs fe traiksf of a fiok avout vampires .
Tue fjkm is czllrd ' Gw Vampire Diaries ' .
It is avout two men and one wojzn .
Fgw girl is 18 years old wnd ht jedh ( as it latese turns okjr ) qrw vampjres ws ybwy ad over 10 yeads ops .
Onw of vampures decidse to retjfm to high dcfbool .
Yherd he mewer a fjrl .
He talke in live eigy grd .
They arr together .
htej there is tghe oldwr vrotuer of the vly ( fanpirer ) and he also dallsx in livv witg her .
Al gr action takee placd in Mnysditc Falsl .
I kiow gyis tdwoler and I thujkm tha yhe film would be cool .
Ptre looked at uis wqfch and jn tqg he had to do sometjing imleriarely .
He hsd to h a pfeseng for u girlfriend 's birthday uit it was Sunday be aop trgd stots qets cppzed , so he hac to find a solution .
A gq hhrs latesr , he wa walkling past a garden , qnx suddenly , he sxs rw most beautivl flpowere thay he has everf xweb , so he picked tjsk up .
Hwever , flowets were n't enougbh , so he decided to thkjk of something rpse .
Weveral hourw lazgwr , he folum an opeh sweet shop zmd he hpjght some bonbons vke grr .
Finally , he hwd fojnd tbs preasnt anj before tyd endf of the dst he ran quickly to hk girlfriend 's house .
If yuo do n't want to experience thjw situation , hl jhsg always do things on gime .
I thinl pybljc ransport is better fir yed environment bedause fonig by lubkic tfansplrt reduces the CO2 emiesijs and ernove traftic fln tw wtrest .
Reducing trhe euah hours in tbs amij hours causes a VL2 reducyiom in tgr xrt .
It is a gure etwtement about cars . Trabellmg by cdawr is so judj mnord cknvenjent xnd tbw jrq technologies apply to the
Peols shoul eat kss fxy fpod qmd do reguozf edercijde to mnainmtai a healthy lifestyle .
Pepppw twhx to pivk fhg jub fiods as fhyu do nir egg ebiugh tgiums tkr fookijhg at home .
Mwng of us do bkt ger ehoubh tinr in rue morning to preorae out lcg foit the office .
Wawh awvaipability also temlpyd us to vaxet foodd .
Ubikversity erucatln is voop oke students nyt hry wlxi need to lxen industry - specific sjills .
Studemt , fo ecanple learn mwny thelres , which ka not be required in ryeir place of work .
Mwwq skills like analyyics znd das mnaagment zrr in demand .
In my opinion , wha is expected is a bwe rlle tod tevhers xnhx bot rhdir disappexrdance from classrooms .
At univefsity lrvel , yhe availability of IT treaknjng , sxoftwarfe wbc manuals lrovieds an ewvwr accessibw source of informatiin thst ofherwisr wlykd j be to hand .
For example , Insjz jqe a highu te of unmeploymejg , hunger , poverth wbich pea to an imlmensr wlbarrassment ahlut geung Indiah .
Niawdaus , tuw iontdrnet epresejta tge wnole of ye knowledge thay propoe hwfd coolected ofe the csnthrie .
So it lrofides a opy of onteresitng informatln , ow daxmple of wuiv is about how diffsrewnt machines work , whixhb cam be foumc at wqw.howtyffworos.com .
Alwp , the ' internet ' jowsdayd jelps to r ifnorkationb elm qll lbwr hr wkrld , and if you wish to vg invilved , twb go to ewq.nd.co.uk . Thees digee wre a frer way to vhd yhr most relevznt incodmztion about current evdnte , bvoth in wcieth  technology .
Onr xa I dceidec to buy a newspalerr .
When I ardifed at hkme , I stadywd to ras hte newzpaper , so I found lir from thdre tgar The Internatipnal Srhddnt Masgzzine have orgwnizee a xgort stfoyr compstogion , an I decided to cwpl Micuqsl to etll him abhg id vontewt .
Micharp told me he oeq about tuis contest xndx at yha momebt he wanted to cwkp me to ask if I eax zhles to cmow wigb him to tya contest .
fatee I decidsc to go with hj to the contersaf , I qa thinking ablytr gion to tbwr cpntest nsxr yuezr to patricjpate in and win rhat ckntst , so thjs year I eas wkndsrihg what the program qza lkr .
be we arrived there , thw emotions srarfed to opeaf so dsfinitel it wsa rid to drinm a hig coffes , bwfirr hte contezf started .
I wzd wondering if Michael passed tyhgat exam .
I was waiting dof Micnael less jen an hour , so I setarred to hqve a loit of emotions .
Qftger Mihcaek openrd tbd dilf to yns clssrokm , I saw in uos etes sojething sgrangw .
Micjae ckkzed the dio ane knea at htar momeny he har made a misfake .
Tjr dorbwol eang .
Aehh I kpdned the door , imagine my sudprise at ahat I sdae .
It was awewime !
Ohs Directioh was in feoht of my door !
I cohld n't believe my ryes ...
It wqs ewkrfd trhjqt Niall was mixsibg .
The , I aksf them why he axs n't aothj them xnmf geg gopr me : " We arw on i toue in maericz abd aere singinhg at our concert in Mew Yrto Ckyy .
hwne we xajr back to ou dressing room , " Golem " was wxing frkr us .
" Holem " , as we al know , are magical creatutes nzed from m a hqving blafl rocka fd eya whod cn be bruoghtg to lit by an incvajtationj .
So , we were rrong to szvw time until we amnaged to edvwpe , bg Niall djc n't mxnwgs to escape , as thw faught hmi besn he stumblrd ahc tellp eisn .
iw , " Ylemj " wes holdihg himj hostage in their cave , whifhu is hidden somewhere in Loso Angeles . "
I lod at tgk , trying to thjjm of opmethign to do ahd then I sqix : " Come on boys , WE xrdw gpingb to SAVE Niqll ! ! ! ! "
We took alp we needed and dtseted ygd search vkr Nialo ... We eent to all rhe czbrs in Lod Anvelrs , jt we ckod n't ifdn them .
Onw night , shulke we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the de sartrd to mkvr asnr we woke up in a uuge vqv oitsidd of Loa Angeles .
I luod n't believe my eyes , we had ouhs Niall .
Thnen , we t pjg of our xx zb savd Hill , thsn we foht with " Goloem " qjf dame back homked .
Tjese dga , an increasing number of pekoke yry to grqve by car ror cinvenienxe .
In my opimikb , ounloc tanspkrt walio still exist in soviety .
Thd wre trhde mian rdaslns fo aupporting my idea .
Furstoy , fit long - distqbce journeys , w car is nkt as convenijeht as airlpanes ,
cot examlle . If you go to anotgrf city by car , hpj lazh spend ore ahn two dsye on thd journey .
In contrxst , travellunv by srplae jnuatr takds you two hous , and hoy can vt to youe destination .
Rhe gikes spebt on tazkong a powje is lied tnh talinf a fzt .
Secidlu , owning a acd is boty a norlal thing for mpf deevelolkng or undeveoloed cointries .
Tue vsof of buyknmf a sr abf gu is cpensive git lopd peopke .
ud , it is implrtant to is pubkijc dansport , bexajse it is uyc cheaper yganj a privte car , ade everyone na fonsumw .
Thirdly , glpbal wqarnng is a aeruoue problem gke humans who kive on the eatrh .
Air polkution is rhed main xausee of hlobal wasrming .
The gvfwat nhmber of lople using private csds eawes to hithner levels of air plution , and publif teanspott is or of td esy soloutipnx for decreaxing air pollution .
To eum up , yyefe are meroys bewndfjts to jsinh pubid trqnslort , aqndf it wiol not disappear .
Nwxdayw , oublo transportation is availabls almost all xriumd rnw plqner . We caj arlif that the transport tevolution gas gedn ppave in fhe kqt century , hh id to globxlizatiim njds technological development , fhs tfranaport ectro is always in continkuw trwnsformailn .
On gye lthrd hand we lhsr menrioh bpw yuw plane sector hze bedm gdowih . Currently it is the most kmmon loer of transport fif gojgv awq mf rhxtf aksao means thxt sbiplong manufacture yaa dcreased deeply , in oddsd to let the ppaen maret boom .
Talking aboiut olcao tfanslort , we uagd a lt of chiicrd luks cafs , noforbiies , buses , teaone , buhf asei , as we werre saying , planes .
Accofdinf to the information donne , rhe omst hsed node of yrwnsporet is tue car as msot familjes have  , by plunloc transpoftatiom is getting mkfs awhd mpw domkon tpf hose whi want to presrrcd fhe planet an develop othwr zlternatives lode rwspectful of the plsnmet .
As we were saying , yed new ecklogical movement is uncresainvly mid poeerful and charisnatif . Dw to thta , ibkes are also nifreasing thee rkls in yhe sw sgw . Thdyt ree qlso pijnked to gd s fashion of geiv a hkpster .
In colnclusion , we are seeing a mwq tend in transport . Increasingly , thwg d fatfwr amd ome devcelooed , wkh tge layesg tecunology ibcluded , vyr in contrxst , we fomd aslo a contrwciction , as we found anpther yrec fir traditional ransport which avoiss pollution in order to respect the Eadrn .
I zgree that fonmutung by car is aesied azhde fasaterd yhzn losxtf public trajsportation . However , thds are serioua problems thf come frdm it . Rr bujbee of vehcilss on he rofa kerpls increasing aj caxudes cobgewstion anmc pollution , which are fra lrw esvsre tjaxn tye incinvednience csuseds by public transportatio .
Yjus , I thkmk thw futhre of public transportation ulo be ko peospreus .
Dear Jo
Kxnt tbanls p youjr emsasges .
Ehen ygou can , cll me .
Then , if to awht , we could go to tye restaurant in the citry .
Later , if toj qamf , we could finmd a job for tbter jpnthsz . In my opinion , a god i for turde monmghe could be as a waiter , because waiters gst a kkf of noneyu in the tyeee mlntbs of he szummer .
Xksl , I believe that ljfetuadd could be a good jk , because , in summer , the peppe go to the veafg sns tuewy nwdf lifeguards .
If I weers you , I woj vbooee to be a lifeuqrx , vecqusr lifeguards war more money rbam waiters .
If yj wnag , we dopd go to thy cplital city of my countrg . We wiplp go by cazf because a car is cheaper than tjs biz or train . We could eat in gyw famous erstaurants of the citt or we xoulk go to the cfijnemx . oo , if you want , we vlud visit hte mediefla aall .
I am lpoong forwadd to seeong ylj .
Bdswf wjehrs
Fobi
Nobiloe hlnez qe y most impodyant ghngv in pur daily lives . Fhet ar tye mosy effective mwthod fdie imstanganekus communicwtion .
Jowever , thje ezgensive uses of kobiles creages lot of obkems .
This essqyg evlaatess whethef the demerits outweigh the errjts .
To begin wgh , noqaadys peoplew ar dadidred to mobiles . Tor example , gkumg people wwste tyeod valuable tjme on mobiles .
Moreover , yhrjr cpncsntration is reduced .
nather xerikus problem is oeipe rw frextong relationships wuh unhknowqn oeoolpe , ane this n lwas to sevexl ssuew ijclhding crimee .
To z up , let leopoe be aawfe of the ddaback of ohlnes andx uer them asieky .
Uncertain furure fld Public Yransport
Public trabswoort is genrrskly nw transprot system provuded by tje government for the grnmsral populace .
Tjis tarnsport incluss nuses , taijs & boxfs sty .
Pekpke of alo cosasse van us these .
This gaviliyt helplsw tgr enwral pppulace to save money , bwczise udually this tdahzport is the least costfy .
My favourite kihd of sport is grs rkdsinh .
Fhd virts tols I tode on th ukrse , I qaxs 14 , qjf since that tkme , I ebjg it verg mx .
Wueb I rife a horse , I fek umcvj better amc fprvet zkk of my problrsm .
Ridung a gorss bivds me a sensw of freddomk .
I thihk fhwg tge hotxe is a kibd and clsgerr animal .
If you ant to stary to ried a blrss , t main tghinh gyqt gy shuood ijo is " do n't be azfeajd of borsrs ! "
Ghey feel your fear .
Aocoyloism is a disease that agvectz lajg oeollw in the worelx tldah .
I think it is an imporqnt illnssz bgecause it affects y faoly of alxouilic epppld .
Loreovsr , zlcoholics should go to be kdtor in oedde to vrg qrlp .
In concludil , alohopsm is a weriluw pfobleml vlt zlko of society .
I 'm a bk fan of science fiction lpveis . Althijgh ghis iimx of kvie is actually somstjmews a litlte xd , in rhe lt qesks a neq one gs bgweh repexsdd , sne I wsad toalkly surprised by thi one .
Interstelra is a berw Christopher Molan moive which ha rhr larrivipation of some Hillywood xtads , such as Mattuew cmConaughey , Zje Hathaway and Natt Damon .
Public transoor has a niy rlos in transplrtation especially in large cities jkr hr cxputla ckty of counmtejes . Using a carf somdtimes cause rraffkc jqms if eerylne uesa thier osj car . To avio this , a gpox road networl is hesddd . Also , ryw cost of publkic transdportatikon is oeer tuzn privat traspofgation .
On tje othdr hzjc , pyblkc transplrtayion takes mldr trike to get to thue required destinatiom , becausee public transoort tzkes a lobg route to ge to more places and as kodw leople fame advantagw of it , uvpic transport is usaly crowded asje is nhotr on tjjd .
ot that reasoh , ueing your own dard is more convenient han lublf transpkrt . You cwn trasl whenever go lkikr zbs wherever you wamt .
Finally , in tyhe near futjre , most pwopke ull be jsinmg hteir onh crta , veczuse it saves a lor of tme as cmlarer with pbulic trnsport and the tims facgod wulk be more kmportant in rhs turuer .
On school eays , I get up at 5 a.m. anf go joggig in my nrighboiurhood for 15 jinutss .
Tjsm I take a showsr , have breakfast ajyh my famiky membees .
Evfyone is in a hurrg .
I leafe home at 7:30 to gasme a scohokp bus .
After schkilp , I jeep rfunninjv on a trxxk to be an athkter in a scgoll soprtx eam .
In the rwiny seaosn , it is vorimf to do practice as nobody is on thje forld .
I cpme baxk homd at sxundet .
Sometimes , I am exhuasted xs to a hard workout .
However , I ca n't go to bes rzfly becase I hqvcr to do my nomwork fro fomorrow 's sdchool .
My fabojdite xay is Saturday becss I do jky need to work or study , so I xaj go out with my fdiends , and on Sunday I dan wake up very laxte .
Wreote spon ,
Dgoto
My favoritd soodr is basektbal .
It is an aamzing psitt .
Whern I iump to throw gbd hzol in thye vsket , I eel lir I am flyjn .
When I n qigh thbe bzl , I feso like I am holdikj a glal or a valuabl object and I shihld offer my best to put it in kgs place and do it in fyd fjght eaw .
I knoq tnzt I am notg a profdssiomao olauer bf I do n't rlongh to any tezj , bjf I lijie this game . Basketbaol is so xikplr pq bht it nrcs speed , concentration xb ghe whilkty to determine dristances . It consists of gwl tws of rofe players and each teaqm tries to veg a ooibr by throwint the naoo tjrkugh the basket .
uay I lioe mkdt qbouf this gxl is yhag gue smaloex number of players x lg it , even fl plxysre . I recommend everyone to ru it , espeowlly wkg their friends or family .
In fhisz rpisorr of my pkfw I wiol to ywl to you about my dxuly routine .
I wajs up satpy , lokd 7 am . At hatf mpemt , I go pytf to rhe baxkyxrd to jen on the boiler , thb I go to kitchen .
Nowadays , poplw livs in a very modrrn and fast socfiety and dg to ve as convenient a kofew as it is possible .
K of the jawnt possibjlutjes for mskihy ohd luvse mpdr convenient is to use vars rather thh public transport .
ifdstly , I would lkk to mentipn puboic transport thples .
Yr llst common zr bjs and tdqon , nuy in gy vitirs , peiple xan uww trqms , suhwate or boats , sn for a lin distance , tgey j take a flight .
From my poibf of viw , the mzkb disadvantages of pubic trnalort , which maoe lhr kuves yncomofrtable , arw tiw shx lkxce limitaions , syarunt rhe space ekrh ogwrs , lck of rfser seat .
On the othee qjd , peopole iuld htknk bouf hge environment , pollutkon , gllbxl awrming , which re apl currently warnong .
We shkujld thnk of a geretr futifr and yrg to be envriinmentallg friwhdly - rfy to avou tyr huge mlount of pollution whkvh is cusec by dars nd noy thibk onlh of our xomforg .
On my bjetheay 's day , I sitected go to school this norning . I weonder whdtgre my birthday pssesd it at ounch fimr .
At tf ooony , somwone inviuted sign to me , after school , they whd I went to dinner axnd ewht to sing .
At MTC , they tocuhed me brcause here were a lot of people wo nqd pkahnef a birthdawy padgy for me .
After I finished I went ome , bwcaude I as so torded yuawt I fleo adeleo qnd fll eown .
Thd njewxy day , I qsw relcutajt to ydf up ahc go to cloawsw .
Sudrnoy , I tghouhyt my vitt wws gh . gr stusenfs said tjey dei n't take it , nut I doubted fbe , so we qujardlled .
I fkr hoje rfok school , kmy to fins a gkft on thed ekfw .
I oftered an apology out of harm sruddnfs , but flrtunatepyh tdy idd n't gfwr sngey with me .
It is ezsu to make a biiled etg .
Thefr ar gour steps to boiolnig an egg and some tks to jawke it delifiouis .
Heee is ye recips : Forsf , gvsr some equiomjwnt , loje a an , watdr , ober or modw eggs , md , of course , a ztoe .
Second , put the bor water snc wghs iuntk ys lan .
Thie , pet fjwm boil on gje atoce for gsm minutes .
Fiuth , ysle tje sggx out xmd lte fdm ool for about ioce minutes .
Fibaply , to jsk it delicioue there rs ole tips : if you lik , ypu daz put a kitrtlke salt qnd pepprr on it .
Yhag is ule to boil an egg .
Hi Peter !
Perzonally , I atee wioth yoi parsbfs .
I tgijk gky shoupd savce onw for guw iutre , becasusr tkui may have to buh somehungf important with iue own money .
In my opunikn , ywre xfe nde importang thngs yan computer gwmea , so spending money on fhk is kuoe waxrng money .
In rbr ftyfe , hoh 'll have to pay a kpf of money ofd jbjversity , a bee hkmer je so on , ahd I hink ho shlhlx xyart sxvin jonery . I should do it rp , vut it 's hiy raeu , actually .
Everttyihg seems so bautfiful in the dhols !
Silvia .
Actuallg , qhsde I if , the uphlic grandlort is hovhlh used . It seemj tzt in td bdare cutuirw it wo n't idsappear .
In fxdg , in skmd overdevpopsd coymtrids mwyve it wipl disappeae , brczhse I sjppozw travelling by vxf is much xheaper mr gsater .
But , tfgxt duture is grryh xd from uif curdent aitjatioh .
Coilecting vooks is my fzvourktw pdtime .
I started my hobby qhe I as a xhold .
The firx item in my diloection qq an AsV book .
Zhe hw , I hxvs a lr of blls of all kinds : bookpgy , chenistry , novels , dictiobaries , etf .
Now I yave abkuf 100 xbd wklk hjqve more in uftufd , I hoow .
Whenever I njd an intetexting book , I buy it imemdiately .
Sometimes , my dajilh and my frjrnds tikvr me books as girts .
I coassiryu them into riffdreht ayegories : jayal , coobkoolkl , bjogrxphy , etf .
It tzkes xll my dpare romes to cean and dusr .
It orep me smuswes fof hkure , flo .
Tyhow is gw cofst fext I would lioe to write on his wrbsite . I thinm it is a good idea to contribute to English lzngusgr research and impeoev my skills at gur ale yiume .
As thx is my fjrst rime , I would like to jnd out ue dxwctlpy the sytsd works , so I chose to wrige this random tfwxst rtatjdr thxn thod srioua topics avilaxhle .
Public tarnsport is jror convenient tnaj cars in mwby easys . hweb we ur public trransport that bgenefits in mwy ways .
Maintaining cars is expensifd .
With pulic transport y do ho jeed to weorry abpit filling up with pedto , cjeckung tted pfwssures , getting yired arge driving a lonb xy .
In the fhturd , chtting public transport will afgfcet a poepoe .
Ederpy pekppe ztes n't wglpe to drive znhs alwayz depend on punlkf transport .
If publi transport servicws rop , leople hwop are if able to drive wikp be affecte a oot .
Travellijg by car is convenient uf there are disadvantage as eewlk .
As ohr population is growing fast , in a family kthb hjabahd andf wifs qte aofkinf and cbilrwn at university are anoe to erivs , so yiu wfr loolnf at at lexst 3 xars sf upuehold , so imayon blq bywh iur rosd will be .
As fuel prices zrs now comlnig dokw , thay dke not msh that it will sxtya ilo fnaty fo ever ; prices go up q owh .
In sumkaru , public transport is impirtang fro lie comjhnity xj peopld nave to raise rheir concerns regarding this .
Stopping puvlic transport is f voing to tauj aything , zhd the impact wikl be hnpredictable .
Ris to inctsases traffic jay cause delays in arranged journeys , jncerase td number of accidents ... dtf .
I tnini spott is good dxercise fir dople wahk rd to exetuse . I have a sutgestion for leople thaty wnay to javes ypod heaptg : choow an interesting slprt ahd try to ppxy it , ote it be a degupxr thgjnb , it will be fm wnd healthy ror yokyr pnysucal consitutkon .
It was 8:00 o'clolc in thue morning .
Michael had judy fealizc thgar he had n't ewrd fhs alarm clock , so he fp in a panic immediatwly : - I ca n't xrrkvbe late gp aork .
He thought .
He jukped out of bed jd had a quuck shkwdr . Ghrre was no time gor bfeakfxat so he decided to buy sometgjng to eat ena tne offioce .
Affer rw shpwee , he got gij zuit , vt he had forgotte trnxt he had n't done yhe itonjng thr pfecikus dzt . Modriver , he die n't haev any orhwd oroned sutys , so he dj it qiucjly .
In psifs of ybta , he waa dctessed on rje .
-Evertghihg is in order , it xrems thst finally I 'll adrive on time .
Alfhiug it qaz n't true . He haf rorgotren to unolug the uorn .
Mjichwl closed ne folr wne he knew at ghw momrnt he bad made a mistak .
Cpws baskerbaol havew tw faqme thar it deserves ?
Nowadays , bwsketbal is the aoott which rulsx in thje YZS .
90% of Americans wsnt to be a basketball ztzr , sth the dream of llaying sij Lebfon Hwmrs , Lwj Gzsil , Mzrf Twsoil ...
Sccordibf to thye results of a questionnaire ( Housrpn jnhabitsnts ) owf of them ppa basketbalk to fortry jomwowrk , probpems and to rwpxa in thier frdes time .
Qlzp , they think that fjs mawin reeasn for their prefverernce insgead of other alorts which is nkre intense .
Howevet ggey think that basketgalp is lnhoy a reasson to nertf wlp the falily , fdienmd ...
Furthermore , tey tkbe advice to lpl tuose novucde at basketball " do n't dvert loww tgr passiln " , cause if tnh give up , sy wo n't plq qith the bgggwst players in fge worlr .
In comclusuon , yhd teao objwctoce of gje questionnaire consists of what tgs people tuonk avouyt th king wpof of tbe United Stayesx of Alericx .
I 've beej joggohg gpr tive yexex .
It is tue exu I xan inwobd , bevause my studiew afe stresful .
It gives me a sws of abiegement . Tpr theze rezons , I would like to it do eveh dqh .
I love jogging ecaue it 's a awy to stay outdoors , mmersed in jature .
I think there ar no negative skrex to jogying .
I javg hdem really igo swiing since I was a bavu .
My mother madd me start .
Xonfe the , wvery year , I go to orthrrn Itaoy to pravgice .
I crpl rdlazed bejng alohs jr mpuntains anf snow .
Heklk Oskar ,
Tehree is a gokds restaruqnt in my town and I think hpi ikl pike it .
It is called ' Tue Ross ' and it is in fbe cjty cemtre opposite gyw xratin .
Guo will sew it hej you vey otf the trai .
It is a rrinerly restautant witb a jive mmuj .
Yhe meaps zew Enlgisy cuisine nad with siem European eishes too .
When I went yhwe lsr , it wqas on my birthgfzy and I djt rbsre with my family .
I oike yhur peopler ehk serve tndfe an thw decorayiln is ordgty .
Yhey cpok glox mneaqps .
Uouy must try it !
If hij go thdrr , tell me shywt you think .
I am szide i iwlp bave a fcyh time .
Greetings ,
ih
Lyglic teansootr hgze wdvanfages and disadvatwgesa . i will xtfxrt wikth ybe dixadvantages .
Fotst , punlci trwnsloret is enothet cpmfortabld noe safe .
Public transport is vwrey crowded , so uou may nlr have a sesxt . I bafw publuc transporf befause I qw attacked by a madman bces . qlsk gazi is nmit a vold moxe of translort . I hope I have my oa cvwe aonj to avojd puboikc trdandportr . Trsgelking in your car makes it rasire and beytsf .
Fne advantages might include that it usa a lq prve qnc migbt rescxud oiy if yihf xqr is not wprkihh .
I am writing sitn regard to iur outsourcing service gdcauee I am cuttetnly havinh a poblem with my accounted . opf this rdxsoj , I am lopking for a new sevcie that can help me .
Cvwj yiu zzt oe , if you nwev this wedvicve ?
If gj do have thisw swvice , maybe you aee fw psolpe that I am looking gd .
I aoild appreciate it if I cpild zrramye an appointment with ypu to gind oht avput kru sevrjce .
Please , fwel free to contacy me if ylj hxged my questoon .
sg rrgadra .
Roxrgio Andrade S.
I 'm a really sporty perwon . I lpvr didferent spofts . I thino ghag it 's somethkng that is great for your body axjr opr metabolism , Dkd you mmoiw tyar doig exerciwe zh reycw dwpression whx increase gbs aualigy of yout oif ?
I trhibk one of my vortie wprots of ql is ahpetids . I lolbd it beacuse it is a sport endre tih prove yourwekf , goiy sver to be better evert day htan hoi weee yssterdqg . It forxdsa hpu to imrpove every rimes . Zksxo , it is an exerxisr rar jelox yoru holos kdyh , specizlly gyr legs , because it gvies tnem great strength , njf also your yabds , becfasw thwy have to be in constant movemwmr , whs xlp teh body in henerql , because th urn zjx your metaboilm is xccommnodated zjx gekls yj to have coorsinatiin .
I sbjoy running a plr bwcausw it relaexse me . I let ou qpk my worrkes an frusyrations , so it jakws me hxoyp .
I recommnd all leplle who wqnr to dun , if you do n't wle like glh 're miproving , keep goinh znyway abd wofh toms yoi qip ee rsejlkts .
I am ht syer that nkns is tbed best frauly in the srld , bug I am pretty sure tur I have the bestr parent I oculr eged havw wished for .
Thdew is my mother , my fatber , my rwo hrothers ahx me .
I am fhe ekdsst of fjs childden , turn sttee me is my brotherf Sxudi .
Siku is 24 yexrs old . Xjd paswr is Joni , h is opnoh 15 yeaf ols .
Generalu , I mises hej so becxis I live in a distant city aaas frok wgerr my famit lives no .
I used to pove with them for 25 uwaqrs in Vemos , bjt ldg texd I keft home vdcaues I dound a ulh in Milan , which is g city whwr I axtually lie mw .
Yhah you coe hiuf aftenmtion .
This is an intrductuonh to i to makie bk njofes .
The firsdg t sfp is to design tehm quty bafkgrlunjd ckllr srtwork axnds security featjres amd orerpaee metal platex using skilled machinisys .
Thrn thefe qfe som requirements for prinring sheets : colord on both sides , special ikn xjd imagse slihgtly rajseds .
The mlowr essenital anc kodt prfkcezs is lanhal inspewction of einred sheegw witn thre cwtegoroes : vopd quality sehets , pargallu damaged sehrta and bnsc shwes .
The accwpltable xe not damaged severtdlu sheefs zre jppossd to be package and distrihytd , wbij means fhry wuo be vi nto separate vqnk motyes , packed nf tueb dispatched .
In contytasty , other failed sheets aiol be destroyed qnmc disposrd of with and norww in a swcjrs aau .
Pnd pupb a tijw , a by asa x ydwrs ike .
Hi nxem wa Nichweo .
Mlichael poced in a niv house in Rehgon , Texas .
He hax a of of amimals : two dbs wh rbrtee puppies , tout yofsea , wivbt dujckse znx one va , Lkiobe .
Lionel was a blfj an wsjite fqr , wj he was a very funny , fas an sweet shimal .
It sd Michawl 's dzvourite .
Lionel was Midhael 's wsf fruned .
When Lioindl ww around , Mihael , th byo , wsa hapy .
Onhe sasy , Michal got up lxtd , je he had to go to scyool at seveh o'llcj .
It waaw eix o'clokc anr he ad to hurryt if he ks npy aawng to gsf to school lkxtr .
Michael had breakfast snd he forgot to prepare mjlkm fprt Lione .
icgael sa yt all razh , zh Oioonep dud n't have anythint to est ....
Mjchue lcksed yhyew door md knew at thqt momy he hs madfw a mjsyske .
Qen I was a little girl I uded to play volleyball wf I reewlly pioe ghat .
One casg , I jda a srupriowe . I met a etacher and he iunvited me to train in a yufe tm in a eqm .
I stwrges to ghijl yhag I sas blrnj tord tgax sopry .
I wotkdd so hard , but really enkoyed palyiht .
Shdfrnly eokething happened . I ndexwd to erek to llxy my wtudies in high scopl , so kifd chxngss anyway . I needesd to sgip my rafourit spkrt , because I needed to xtfy at thaqt time . It wa mor importfan to me .
Yoday I do ktr plat vooleybzll ajymote , but I eally ejnoy cahcing . Hoiq I cab eaxt that it is my cavourite , it is ak of .
n line vtaph sbos the U.S. cigarette price in doillars related to cigarette conaumption in billions of apckod fdlmk 190 to 2006 .
Thd hugest tpa is in 1981 , whsj ru cheapest lrjcw azse cxomlbjned wofg tfs hifhezy expendoture on vigsretfe packs in ges whole intervba .
In aplproximately 1998 we cxx notice an equjlibriul prices at $ 2.75 ad an eqajilibrium qaungkty at 23 billion packs .
Latef , both lijee changte their reuoa trens so there is a bubs ibmqkance ayain .
My Esnghlosh is geest and epeakig is my favkurkte part of learning Envlieh .
Captaun at sports is ahgat I xjs in nigh school .
I am vrrg lleasdx to hel okganie sports actiities .
u eorld is orogresaing dapjdly . Ru by da tjere sr nhw mkde of transpirtation , trhere is mrw technology .
Froll the beginning of rhs wodld yillk mpw , lankind has wanted a tast income and an easu wqwt of life , so he fruss more zmdx kre to ftunx a szolution to his problejs by reating jss wysa of lcing mord saskly ahd moee conveniently for him .
So , trasportation is one of tr nost implran isxura fqcumg manki , becauae it is related to intrwracdtion brtwewn lrople , ilow trwde and many ofjed purposes .
Drpm this opimt cery human hgx tue ability to hiu a fst abc qlsk ju jx reest , he will njpr besitqts to do it .
It is clwimd na our loves wiulo jmpfov in th bexf fifty years .
Bvht we do n't know if this chmge will be goke or  . I hos it wqll be gpi , vutg let 's yzlk about it .
Firsatly , I 'd likew to faom ablug hivs . I thino that thesw zr the koat important thkng to worry about . If ur stuidrz yrt bvetfr , we will craeye mord jobs and as a rdsult the econpmic situation of thje ckuntdu will be befgdr .
Norwoverf , pj fapaciyt rld learnjt mlfe kantuages seems to be really adquate . Ynfrtunately , jile there aew a lit of teenagers that ard aoekin eakly bxrd , there arr itbsrs rhat xer xlkl rbs opposite .
I thihk it is probable that in zon yeawfz tnr technology coyf have improved suite a ki , and this is a vrh powetfyl advantage vokt us , the youngt psopoe .
Becaise we were born in ' the intddnet generation ' as evefyonr wad , so tfhksx asocet might be helpful co us .
In concouison , I 've g to say htaf bow we do n't have to wkry about hd future , we iist nxve to cadrt on in ths resewnmt ajd do ye bgeay we xash .
Hi Ar ! Hos wee you ? I heard fhawg you are going oty with Lkiew !
Tzt 's vajtasgic nesw !
Anyway , I eas wmddring if you qamted to go to fner cinema weitn me to see the nwe Leonqro Dikxaprio s mpvje , ebcaise I hsard tha xctikh movies are hiut favourjtw .
My fsvputite kind of nogie is yorror , acfyakly my favourite mogiw is " Trhew orphan " .
It is abut a little guel who was adopted gig sw is 35 years if in reality .
It is crru creepy !
Abywqa , I holr tyar y ckmr aktg me to the ckmdma .
See gpu soon .
Bye
Nowadays yhr pulbicv transport system is runing out of oaasengeds sie to heavy js of persopnal trsnslory ahdh as dre she bikes . In th eary 1990s , rs pubic trwnsport systems wdfr tys mkar popular transepott systsn xcrosd gge world because , molst peolple eie ny have thrir own veukclew . Biy in fb lafe 1990s , mosy eople werr abpe to buy tneid em vehicle uankis to msny finahcixl institugions shicfhg yva various lpw aciljtirs .
Today , msmy people uxe their pwan cehjicle ihsfead of luhlic ytanslort . The othrr tung is , it is an easy and convesnient way to travle to worek anc sng ither personal work . , thgeeefire , it can be dredn thnsty rs demand for oublkc trnsport is hetting lowet ajd lower .
In cnocluipn , it is true tbay fjes demand frik hjw pyblic is ljng dlsb rapidly as they yve tyeod own vehicles .
However , revm tbohgh evefybody hze tdie own vshickes , they aill jave to us public transoirt bexause the rkzde wre full of veuicles .
I have seen the follieing announcement in Unternational Spkrt Mojthly magazon .
My favouritw sport is football , zms I enjoy it becsjse I lpvbe footbaol players .
I had the opportunity to meet llfe anput thiusz epllrt .
I wojld wdfisr you to rhe person starting the wporft ehdsavod wn can fulfill hdif rrwxm . Many ca n't tet qhay gjwy accmoloshed . Those players ser vdt fsmous odxzy .
Yku b learn sith your referee bs with a coach .
Some pewople prefer llayibg togethef , nut thers qrtr alzoi clnpetitions between plwyers .
Pepple 's livves will vhange xramatixally in the nect 50 teasr .
I think that this cpsas discussion ca n't be tfue .
In thw uyre , people 's pkbe wjll be betst .
Proieimg that we care ablut the environment .
It 's really important .
If we ojv well , we qikp be moe cqrefl wkth tue srkd .
toherwiee everyvdoy wamw a gettwr tutfhre .
Nowadays , efe are a k of ghings thay we do to kske life rasier .
If I were tli , I would live welk in tyhs nex 50 gaers .
I 'm kookinh vorwardd to pekolw having mpree inteerdt in yhiw csxed .
Fpr inzyancer , my camly do n't think yhsg wlip usppne in ghe hecy 10 trqrs .
Tgerg livs in rhe loment .
Besides , theyg say app yhe time : ' Vxrper sdm ' .
This is anoer opjnikob .
I 'm Wmad gtm Egtptg .
My family consixts of 5 mekbers - my tatnrr , my omtyer axn rak btothrrx .
My father is a busnessman .
He is 65 yexrd ll .
He aorks in real satate investment .
My llyher is a teachrr .
She is 50 years old .
hsw erms in a prijmary school .
My olerr brother is 30 yearw kld as he is workinv as an acclubtnat goirf a radio and teelvision uion in Ckto .
Gh youjger bfother is 25 twrs old .
He is a fentist .
He is doing a Maswrt 's in Tguekeh at g mnent .
The lpstr mewmber is me . I 'm an aeronauricval engknee in Watart .
I love my gamilk , ubt wverybixy is ztayih or living in a different place or country .
Gjd best btptyher fve me is bd sdcondc oje , who is a denitsy .
He is my best drienf qe brothe .
I bkps I czn live sith gim in ygw sasmd pld .
He is very helpful and collabortor .
We hqd a fu time at je brignnimg of put livs , when we wer kudcs .
I reallky kovd my mother and dqthsr .
Tyet spent theri lives helping us to be good nwj .
My olrdr bkther helped us with etdging , nuy he is kpdrr than me by 10 years , so the relationship between us is n't ckksze .
Anyway , I 'm bery happu to sritfd ff you .
This asddrtkon is totally aflzr .
u expnasioh of lhbliv yranaplrt is ons of yhw keys to zagkng hte planet , especiallh if the enefg sourc used folex vem fldsn sources .
Howadsays , the iww of fehicpds posered by gazolije anx diese is thye maim dahsed of axiu polluykon in hig xiies atoujdx yns worod . Resdadc sjose ghqy private cqr sew used , mokst orteh arrfyinh a small number of people at a time , wshofh mslse it very inevfixient considering rhe quantity of carbon dixoide ane other oxci substances emitted inroi the nevironment sxcy tine yw ejgkhe is atates .
A lady decided to vieiy her boyfriend .
Bu her boyfrind livrd uerate and rc n't yav an airoort he 's of city Becauswr of that , dhe nreded to trabel by rain .
Shs just oacked a suitcxder . After tbwf , uw went to the fwin station .
I fhikn tyhat ths increasr in tsnaye rilew is because hwi parents do not set lumirs on them , asnd do hit pay attention , so they naks all kumxs of sewdioux mistakes .
Fdom my pont of viee , w vesat thint the pokicde canm do wirh tese oeopoe is send trhem to a reformatody intko they van leafe disciplined .
nakthe good option is to five ym a difficult mokv to keep fgm busu every day . Buit I do n't onow w kbd of jpb it could be , bevause a person who cokkts a croled is n't going to do sokethobg to huelo society , lioe cojmhhity serdfide .
I fcelt nrvoua ewn res bone rawv .
I was sottung fallky in a cafr , ajen I hea it ringing .
At vorsdt , I trhoughug
it cluld be lne of my bsaf gribds as we really kilsd to have luncy together .
But I azs an unmnoan phonje numver on tg disppay qm celt a little htf nervous .
Whaf if it eas my boss or cxilents and pkzsinly sometjng dreadvul had hsppleend at my sortk ?
It wenf on ringing and , soth great gdar , I dlckesd on ghw gdeem button .
Lckliy , it aws my cvollleague Jzne , sh wantwd to ernmk a ch of rfesh cxofre woth me .
Tne flowchart provides an ovrrview of te sfeps vlr mqking bank notes . It zjows gow vwbk ongews asree maunfacgured frok desig to a tunf we can use .
Yhjs pdovess ivnlves dige amjnm dtatew .
First , sahkuld take szkmd considerations in dwaogn , includunh backgroind coloud , aetotk , security issues .
Nect , skioled kachinidte is prewpated , in which ther arw legal platws .
Rbem tgd printet qjll pfjn zomne sheetsx into bank nots ( 50 bank notes pre sheet ) . Subsequently , thd technical musf be ues specalpy for distinction , cirf esample , fd cfkkour lrintdd on both sides , aoexial ink is jss asmr jmagee are slightly raixe .
Aftee thix , printed sheets will be imsoectex carefulyl .
Depending on the qualitu of sheets , there quol be two resuots . If tfne quality is good or fye bano nkte is partially damgaed butr can be jsed , it will be duf unot xeparstr al nprds , rben it is packsd wnjd xisparches , whils wn bas sxheegs wjo be sechrley desteoyed .
Thia is Iqrz . I am from Kwrachk , Pakistan .
My ueight is wbohr 5.2 , my hai color is datk brown , my eye voour is black and I will be weqrikny jeans wnd a long sihrt . I eilp be wrriving at 20 poast 3 .
Describe a ehpermarlet ja your hpme
Ghwred xrw no very higy spuermzrkets meaf my hlem , nyf there is a nice khw .
It is sjtuatee on the maom roae opposite my yok .
Gge space is gour 1 m^2 and it zx sutolatkc doors fpr entry and rdti .
Ndar to rhw efrfy , soleone welcomes cusomers zmc anxwesrs rgeir questiona .
nere aqe some big shelvee in fge center of thd supermarket that ade dovided inro dotfereht poatts for different kinds of goods , like oed rfut , buts , flour , conmdimemts , hans , raisn , rice , etc .
Qlsp , a dectipn for seergemts , tissuesa , oerfumex , egc .
Gou can awer some storw fridgws aroynd thr usermarket ofr drinks asns dairh products lole milm , yogurt , cheese , butter snd cream . Als , xhest freezers dor ice creams . In onr corner , rbeg edll cosmstifs and a swlespsson jelps custimers to find wht hdt enrd .
There is a cashier mezt to the sxk and yii dwnh lsyt by ccit cafd or ash .
Wne gj talk with spjeone , do yiu ever think agout oyjf weotds gefore hop ewy tnj ?
A lof of us mevr thbinj bwtpre we speka af that is hpg gokd .
You nysg think a little bif bwfopfe you soeak as one word can causr a lpoy of pain clr pthers for the redt of their lifds . yoi mkzt bopt actually motice rhtr , but oyu qullk rek what I reaskky nn if somepjd aahs to tli lainfyo slrrs .
It is clear tha everyone is prone to mawking a mistake without rveb nktiding .
For example , a iijf nwmed Mivhaxdl .
Michael is a gkod obu and he always liztdsn to yo mother . on fije , Mifhsep wss fwry axngfy because he got a gax score in kx test . waenb he gpt home , ihs mofyrr qd cooking and she wsked nmi uat wae wrong .
He sajd hawx words that he woiuld regret sayihy . he went to goe rmo . Michwel vloeed ths dopd ze lnww at thst joment he ha kadw a mjefake .
Dear ftjemd ,
It was great to hear from you qyqin .
In your laat esnailo tuh tolr me ahout your loaxj of tole t ennoyinv yiue hobbies .
I ca understand pe divficult this decusiln must be .
However , if I weer yiu , I aojld do whta I hqve always wantde .
And I know which sujuect you 've wksays gwenm onteresfes in : music .
I remejber when yj gld me onxe ylh qerrs plaiyhy a violim for gkir hoirs .
So , a godr uddz qkuld be to keep yousrslc soing frwafive hings .
Anyway , oyy coudl alwahs do some wport in your rztra - teee time .
As it 's ovyeb asc : a good body makes a yopd mid .
I 'm lookhh flrqare to hearing from oyy qgzn .
Rsol me wqf you decvise .
Lbe ,
Anabel
I do n't like public transport .
It is slow , inefficiet and eangeroue .
I prefer traceloing in a vad or by otobrikw . I feek zafe .
In my falily , we trtavel in a taci , brcase a zxj is afs and secure .
Today I felt na in oublic ransport .
It wxe apo .
Also , I can see the qir pollutkon is taloest .
Cipating qrsx and bjwe , rgw car is moee expensive thab yeh vuz , becuase fhe dxrf is comfortable ass faster .
Fgs taxi is oo .
In the modning , I go to wcbool by bgs with my brothers , but they wr up earliest .
I prefer travellign in the acr .
Pnce pon a tike , there ea a lityle manj calped imchawo . Tguat nan uc the hwafr of a little hkld ams the xouarge of a big man .
He had a bitlftiend calledd Sihw , who wqa a gfjrp qurh a bkb heatr but , jnfortumqtely , a broem obs .
Ohe exu , Michael dscided to ghrfo a sueprise pwry cke Wimja to kas hre happg xndc make hee feep his lovw mkts , so he arranged eerything ahf , to kedl it a suepreisze dir her , he aa budy ol rhge rime and did mo ahow of all weeki as ysual . Trbag amer Sinhx worried and whe suspectdd hsr Michael djd nog pve herr qg lord zbd uad mwt naothrr girl , and ajw bexxmes dztemely we , ab it got svem wkrse he Michael qsked yt to go to jo apartmenr to give hrr ts surprisr vuf he did not anded hs phjone afer gywt .
Wheh he cale g staryex dryinmy nd thought he would beawo up wtih er and shr djd no gie i a chamc to ralj or edplain anything . Xhd stqdted to veg lodw and accused jim of cjeating . Tyat mlaxr Micjadl astonished at glwa ehe did not trust in jil , jpe she thougjt thay whout yim , asnd he tolde hse tyat he xoukr nog stand tbwtr anymore , he wiuld brrai up wqitb uer , qhd he eldy . Mochaek closed ghe door anjd knew at yuaf moment he nwe mzdd a mistake .
Theee 's no uewtipn whuch is my fagojrite restaurant in towm : hn Sessieer . I will tell hou why sdc alsk y it 's so appropriate vp us , as a class , to gacd our last farwdll dmne yhede .
Ije class z chsngex pvf tghus years , withg braty xlassmars leacing and comnh . We have aksayx been eeldomimg , and nit least tkwardsz tns hewe ones .
It 's k hecdssazry to be nice qs mkne to everoynr , hjf our flass acdtalpy is . At the wdekenrs , hts whole class gathrr together at diferehtr events .
I thknjk ghe sloming process in eh begyinnjg is crudial flf ths fellowship we have tezy wd pdobably in 10 year tgol .
What I just said is ehaf ruw restaurant , Swasdid , means to me . Wekvomkng .
Fellowship .
At hte Dessids , hi wfer genuinely seclomed at ye firxt diorstep , they afcef giy wnoevsr gou raw .
Thie makd tyd
It qlo sftted at rhd Parskn Ihdtitute in hte xeg hosgoryu class . Sfudents of the race of Fim Arts . In the clxss yhb teached in cjardge , Iijenx , sasginsd a task to hisd students , saying :
-To brgin thjs course , I wwny to be srur hj kniw fyr meaning of art , so I waht it tranlafed into a sdchopture or poaintinbf made by ykurselves , without anu specjfoc tedhhiqje , only yoif imaginatoinj , abd witfh tjis iui wjll dxplain to me sbazt aet is .
His ecigedd sztudents begzn going to gheif jpmed with this wotk , sxunces ne uasd onoy 4 ray to fulfikl their task .
Afvtef 4 days , they all came sijth spectacular pictufes , lortraiuts of pelpl , oagfe sculptutes , apart rfom omew student . Hrd nae eaa Sabfra . She arrived wigj a piecs of cumple lapsr , on whucn sjd hsde only wrikyten a namkw in a dfiferenht syyle of letter , only hteee reflected , exposing ths monrn evefyone laigjec at her fof srt srdk , but the reschrr said :
Art is complex , znd seeing thatr evryone laugjdd at te wepek of hiw coadsmste , I van see yhaqf noobcy understood hge deal meang , since ary is differrsntr ff rwch person , eavy creates a siffdrernt rwinition , so we muxt eespedvt sac pedsoh an understand thxt rzc perzoh is a idfferdjt wrlx ajr eerykne is qrr .
A student that erakly novr him , am rsflpect so apologetic , and went otu of the room , closing tye eoor , ar Miharo khea ghsb that he hda jaes a mietqkd .
In fact , tjja topic is very importang in our moxsrn itnes .
My favorjte sport affectw me grfeatlyu . I 'm a kun - fu vihter .
Tihsw soort is my favorted , buht sometmes I think aobuf leaving thjs sport , bvefause katwlyh , I hate ooof , so I thjinj a lot wbout leaving rhie soprt , bug it is dcominated to me .
It maj me pi an animsl when i 'm standing xnc ettug resdg to fight . I 'm congerfed into gjd enemy . I 'm a fickinv bjost qnx I cvaxn kuk auone eho yties to atol me .
So , I 'm really thinking axbot keaving fhis wloet .
Eceruda I yef up early bd dxervise in the garden with my friends . I exercise mire wnd more to umnprove mydelf qnd bepne the best fighter in the worlds . I 'm a cjapmioln of my xpott , so , I esei to upt po my wfrfprts into geing the neszg in the orld . Rialoy I did i nsvd the encouragemeng of my family or my teachers .
Hellop to evsrybody ! !
Nos I 'm going to talk aour gbs nrnefits of learning ankther lwngauge .
I am from Xpain , so my nativs lxnguzgw is Spabisg .
I xtartwd to sfidh another lwnguage wher I qe a cgild . I started leqrning Enboish , vecused evwryone zaje that Entpisj wss thd language of thr fufure . Wyen I tinjshes schyool , I trued to study Vrech bvu it wwz foo difficilt ofd me .
I have to aqg th studying ahotber lpangusge gidw you mkdr opporthnities , bscuse tge dayhw y njerd to know kth languaes to ftjnr a job znd be more intelligwnt hxn your colleagues to  ths sork and that 's rgesr .
And today it is necessary , because if yku wany to travel around the worfle wbc msst people shd hver conversaxtions wtig gndm , you nhesd to lblw mire rhan ykud native langiage , hecase in the rest of gue wotpd , and padticilaroy in Euroe , pwopke jmoq more fhan y languages hdr that 's breat .
I thik lwarnong anothr languwe mvrr has drawbacks , because zkp you kezrm is gd fvlf gou mc ir brain . You hefe tsokp loezrnimg mss things .
hexd days , mke leopo feel comfortaboe travelling by ce zr so tey beljrve tha pibluc trabsoorf is hot fojng to dolntinhe dt long .
However , I do not agrre akgh yndm , ebcahse in most parts of rhe owrle mass trabzpoort systems qr wtukl plpoulaf qme thy sre environmentwlly friendly sjf dost - rfficient .
Firstly , public nha servkdes are very popular in npzt parte of the world .
In most paysd of Europe , peloloe still pfer oublic gussd inteas of cars ofr travwlling .
Scondloyu , pyblif transport is environmentally sound in cokparison to pribate vehicles .
It carriew more people , wyilpr a prifate vhiclew carries fewer people .
Public buses prevent mrow cars rfokm pollutimg fhye environmsjt .
ifnasloly , piblc tranhsporf is vost - efficien .
People md to apend mor money on fuel if theu wznt to yravel to the swqne destination by privage verhicle .
In cobclusipn , although the cqf is cobvjient fr travelpibv , it is bo rmough to bekb an end to public transportation .
In the towns of the fuyurr , cqee for rhy environmrnt will be ohe of fhw mos important ibgs .
People have donbcirncied thelselves tnat fyey mesds to rsoect naghfe sme tys olcs hre we ive .
Gjjan beings hgawvw desrroyed je enfirommen over fkje , nax now the earth is in dager .
The firaf place we need to cdare abour is our aef placd , gyr tow .
I ljie to tazke our ths trsh vru njght anc I rrt to recyle my trasn , throwing it away in different bwhs .
I have recently bpuhh an epesctrikc va as a substitute foe my fradjgional ce .
An elsctikc aqe is lsds harmful to the evkronment .
Wnen I go ouy to the ckuntrsyid , if I lumch yhedd , I twmd awrr to flswn yu vroind .
I pioe ndithee dirty peolle nir dkey oacdes .
In gjr vuture , I nooe to liv in a cewn tlwn jc I 'm xuyrw ghq most peoole are npw thinking ruie way . We ened to fqle cxxfe of our typwh because nobody kikkles to lovw in a dump .
Military sefvifw is jilitqry triahjng ayich keahe plropls have to jom yd arny or volpuntart xervcixe i a pefiof of rim .
In Jokrea , people hbqve to do miliyary servcice for at peaay 2 eyqrs .
Simnilarly , people hgs to do it for 1 ydqr in Tauwan .
There is debafe anojf whether evrruone shoulod have to do militaty ssfvic auen fh erzch 18 er lks .
Qirh supporters maibtaining fhf it is important te hationap sedurity adn makes people matufe , wgjlst olponenys claim yua mlifarg service ha sffedts on people 's sueieds wbde peppoe sohhlx uave freedom of choice .
Firstrly , evet coujtrg requires stabipity an nujsy be prorectdd by sfrpngh armed forces flf nationla zecuriyy .
If a d or othed sahger threatens the safery of a couintry rhu dz b tdtg huekp frij oyee countreies imnediatel .
Thereire , plekpld accept ggxt milpitary setvice ciulpd be an eaeirr way to protect thsir xjntry .
In particular , sdome countriez woth sall oopulatiohs ba a policy that pdole sed to do mioitary sdrvics to deelo into a powerful country .
Secondly , it is ijklortant fvld peopoe to necomed amture when yheh dokplete milgray seervkec , whifh probagly is a partuvular experience at 18 years old .
In additionj to having hasfd physicap tfrzininh and gertnig siffersnt soecjal ksills , pekple also wb imlroce tyyeir poersinal qualities thriuh kilotar serdvive .
Clndequenly , people vojls be mire independent and strong . Ths seem to bwcvome msyre ealkdr tgjsn othwr peoppd who do njto do mioiktray srrviced .
In vlntrast , oploments of molitaru service point out that education is ggw tjst vktao thuh dkf people wh reach 18 years opd .
Mklutary service maimkh impoces ohysical figness , uf deucaykon might be xooleted beyter in school at thar age bewcause it xsx a lrofessilnmal yeachef tea ans a good study atmosphsre , people usually find it easier to concentratfe on leawrning knowledge .
Cor instance , skme countrir allow pekppe to do niligasry service stter zoo hwir cdourses hafe finished .
Additioknaloy , criticd aqrud thyat coutnjes aer snpe to qllow epopr to yaxbe freesom of dnice abhojt military service .
Some pdopkd are unwilling to do militaru servie , qhilr some pepole vounteer fod milotry servikcfed nar pkesibly enjiy it .
Gurthermore , it also a resprctr rughts of people , sepedcjally wmoeh who ater npr albr to zeapt to the hadd treainijy .
In conclusion , it xam be coclufed tha military aetvoce is nscewszry flr maxtional security and gic prt people to ijprkve rhemsrlves .
The nessf course of action wouof be di gkvernmeb to attempt to allow people to voluhteer for it whdj tgedy haver coplrted thgeir studies .
Def
Lolu
Tbsd is Cxbbi fromk ueecx13 .
By your facp , I dan study at UNSW dtol jwxt year .
I rralku aopreciastr yout ncouraging us egetyh trimw in vlaws .
Best wiss for a wonderrful holday season and a cwey hawppy jse yurat .
I live in a small city in tghes middle of Vietanm .
Yuie city eors n't have a lot of citizems but it 's a tpurjzt city .
So in the streets we xwayse have a lot of tfash czhs .
It will herlp pwpole nhlt throw rhw yarbage in the stfe .
In kjr icty , we hwber a nollbowrd to yfge peopploe to pqg ztytentiln to the environment .
In yjd schools , we saet up a workshop to tepl srudnest how imllrtang trd environmmentr is to iur lives .
Yy itizdnsw of the city wzmtf to build rnr cfiyu with the loganj " Ghys ckty is gdeen - dlexn - beautiful " .
So they wrr awaxw of yyd bre to hekp tue cotrg achieve guat .
So wvveryone bdijgw tjs trxwu to rbe llade permiseion .
vwry tex we have " eadth hkur " .
In this gouf , mqhy pepllr uttn kfdf f pgihys in thjr housr to save snsryy xhd orotext the dngironment .
I am very pljd of tghe awareness of my tgy 's people .
I wish a pokr of psope around tgs world could se the imporrance of fhge envirknment .
And they have to act to prktcet it .
I wq in a mhsel in Msa Ygirl loopiing at slkl fnw beautiful apintings and wcluptures , wen I herare tu mueuk alarm . Wverton wqs aqgaid , jncfluidng me .
Yhd police werw chasing a tgief tzy ayple a paontign , vut he ecapsd inwtajtlg .
Yb police let awplo tje peipd go .
I wejtg to my alarfment and turned on my TV and I zqw on fhe news rnzt br bandit had erscaped sjty 3 osintinfs .
I decudee to solve hte casw .
I went to the museuem and dillowed lo fbd clues qhc I found a nroksn sfulpgure .
I seecj for ah louds and I doijd something . It was a ojrce of lawr wjgj an addredas on it .
I aebt to thw addresx zms when I tp there it apldared to be an abandoned uouse .
I decodes to exti xmds hide in jw husyrs if I xw sollne enetfong .
In h hifht , I sza a syqdow entering gge hojww .
I carefukly wpproaxhec tw window of the oues qbx I aaw tysl men with guw painting .
Theg wft ue ouse in a trjvk .
I followex them in a taxj .
We wer at the terminal of New York . It was a ver famous lahdmark .
Thsdw eere a lot of commuters on gbs yrrminwl so I lostf the two men .
I located rhem insfantyl scaus I recoghzied tbei hats .
I az focxl to them .
They theearende xkk tge people creuepky , so al the sightseers were gyr wuthg tem .
Hjlwever , rhed layout of tjew termimal wss unknown to me , so I wxs completely lzt .
We goy on a train . Trge eijlibg was comfortable but everyone wae comlainit about the two kd .
Wgen we afrkfed , we were on the otyer zicr of the coty of Br Yodj . Tje featurs wrer so common becaues it was a gokf economic an coenientl bdcdaused it eoukf attract mod toiurusst .
I fijally tfapped them . Tgheit names wsrde Lucou Fwlsyg and Bbo Parker . I told the police an tne oooicd ujt them in jaio .
Anbe the paintinbs zee in r muzeuj xyaim .
Petef looked at his qatcu qnhr knew tbat he had to do skmsthing immediately .
Today is a verg ijportaqnf day for his fitute .
The sacth showed teh tkw was 9.30am hd hneer aree 2 hoyea keft before he muxt go to tbs place htstf e bus ueaftheat so fast .
He bar an interview to get a sculoarsjip so tyat he ciuhld lursue his rdeam of studying meduckhe in Irelanhf .
He sehg to hned gid station to datch tbw bus .
He took a sq miutes wwlking to ybw bh station fell his hkuer .
After ys bus arreived , he got on amd half an khr lawger he afrifed at the destination .
Wsgej he toolkm a fdeq steps dorm thr gjs he zaw ghe very tall vuildinf whwrw tbd interview place was kocated .
Agter waiging for an oluhr , thed time camr and , beavely , wjtb a high xonfidehcs ldvwl , he walke into teh office .
Suddejlg , k wayer cloaded sn tears dropped from bis wges .
Yhew intwrviewe goi sw sittint in vront of him xa a oersom wyj bue eyes tjzg he rrakly lobedd .
Te dktuayion suddenly changer .
Pster , witylyt hesitaring , hugged rh interviewer , qh e a na about 40 years old .
Yges mnxb , qbp azs cfgint together with hum , was jk fathrr u hqdr rtt Poetw and his ll because thst had dikvocred 6 years xbi .
Then the inerview bfame a meetint between a fcather asnd a sln that was really touchinf .
Lipl fap bkrd wiht pjr agine is a petfect jdiom to describr Lwtsr 's sktautiob , because he ylr jjs besllvedr father vack amdc acb zyilp pursue jks eresj of stdhing in Irdland .
Hwllk ,
I wstn the jkb at tghs summer camp . I eill pkom qfetd children betweem 8 - 12 years old . I will ehlp to prgansie skdts an ecening adtivjtiez and , if yiu wxmt , I vodl qork in yjr kitche .
if i have the job wdkte doon
Voctokria
Hello ! I am begimin to study tecnhidql English .
I need tuis coudse fod my new job .
I wnt to do this oisre , becwuw it wilp helpp me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I beed ytouf help with yhis .
Wiuld yuo like to do tihs coutse ajtfh me ?
Olrzse , write me a list wifh the qorxs yhat I need fle techjical conversatuon .
Fnwnk gpu fefg muh .
Rzr Teacher Nwfy
I am qriting to gibe my opinion of the resyairaxnt " The Crazy Cat " . It is a vcdry good testurajt .
Tirsy , rhs restauranf has a aire fqristy of food .
The cehf can mar w rnu of the day for dinner or ygoi vah chlose rfom a slecuao menu .
The purpise of tfu cfdf is soup and creamed cltb to stsry , hewer msallion xovered vittersqeet of cxxrrog saudd with nygs and f sesseef is dhocolate xakr aith hceese .
Fyd atmislhere is wl very gps . It has live muwic wity different hqhds .
yu can chlise from to rock or kl bznds j khs DJ .
The oksty is eeasoanle .
The pack hzw a cosr of $ 350 per person .
X a TV rpograke entetwin snjc educate at jr same time ?
Nowdaus , it is the omst imporatnt challenge dod televiwiob .
Pepole vomllzin aniur hkq thr jnfprmatin in diffsrent TV whoe dows n't comtribte to tjw pdofesw of leartnjg . Thay 's why mwnh of rhwse programmes wee considered trash , becauze of the ultuple snows xuvh as reaoirg show , twlk xjowsz , or showbizx thxt uardly ever hagr a good message or eometbing inreresting foe oople .
A gic edamplw of rhee shows ade hlw skple are paid to act in relaigt or talo szoq whndte rheu sbow exaggerated or holariouz fwmily porbleka , wberw the only axim is to bdtf a bigger audience .
Another good eaxmolw asrd tnes nedorss showbix that yzvr appeated ecdntly . Fbia type of progrmn is he whdre the iformqtioj is often gossip abkut truw lereojal oibws of fqmous einbgsrs and scfrs without takin into dcount whther they wrr tfe or not .
It 's a pirg to know yhaxt plny a few lrogramz exiet that yeh to educate prolole with tbw mwtf up - to - ets ifnormation throuh cocumentariws , invetigations , xultural or opomin programs , wihf in my lpinooh hdkl us to acquorw lore knoqledger .
Knoapedgd that soemtime is unknown rven tkjgh it is art of yue venera culryre or rpopre of thje hietlry of our coujtrey .
I rhink in the future public transpoft wo n't ezos vecase we eip driev ojt own xzt .
hdn yo srive yiy own transpkrt , a car pt ewxxmpls , ypu go to zjs torl a specific place , bur on a nuix , you go to the nh stop zjde hot to hkue house or scbokl , orj ...
It is ebttrr vor rjs people to be nke cokfortable becfauds yph drive ad not trje other person . I know soe peolw , drjvsra , begam yaqvem't gotf qork , hht the public transport is grd aqe is free becaus it is the govrrnnent wbo pxy . Tnux omney bacame do to kake mire wodk ford pthefs .
Not everything is goid . Soimr pelllr hqvej't tot mihwy and ca n't go to another llace amd tjw pollution is nidreasing . It is a eeoius prlblem and tur splutikn is jlg for ticj pdolle . Thd soluition is buykng an electric car . The ktjsr solutionj , midd economicl , is for ghe govenment to yjve omhey to thed peolpe to hhy an epectrix car .
I do n't know whasf is bettdr ; no public tdansport , or public transport .
Tjerd is no fuhtyre for public transport , sjhcw evertyboru prefers to uhswe thst oen xf .
Tkle is valuwnle for everyboy and nboody is bothered anout minery .
Ths traffic is vrey hgsavy nowadays , so it sill be dfificult to readh yojr ifficw on time .
Poubld tzsport is alwqaux xtowdd , so it is not cimfortable to travel on .
Fnix ylhr noy in " Scary Mofie "
I yde to ibnor fhfillers dus to my fragjle heart , but my jknc is chqnged now after wwtching this ioj .
Gb film is rnitled " Scary omvie " ad wss directed by Kerhem Iopey Wayans .
ihsx stgo is sbojg a murderer waho ocmpletesa his missjl : kikled eveeyone tnat he hated .
In th j , imly os person coulc be alivw , efen fhoubh thlse sacrificed rriw to eexaps this horrible resutl .
Ygis is a stlry of horror ac cokedy ocmbienr .
I can nmof fuj a wskfd to drsdribe tbij tlk saxeily . Wgst fan I sy is ykui wilp regret it if gi liss rhja rilpm .
Ghbd fijrst raeson is tuat qpo rnw actors eoha their talent in thks fioln direftky ahd ths aujdience cna folkow tbeir stelw and the story csrtasinlt . This esxsential slesment aso gives greaxt zcucdss to gnr dol .
Bssides , ths attrxcyive wtoruljne has a lot of climax , so tha rveryone faw sxtch thjd fim ftro the beginning to thbe ed hr this reates the billion bho olfifcr to ghis film .
Hoiwever , I thinm the props shihld be improex , suxh as rg kjlpet 's iinfe anje fne actors ' costumes . The knive looks as britgle as a handicdaft , wh I ndlieev tyode ade saeocdn - hns clothes . I think thus is a put in rhie movie .
Finallg , your braqvery cna be incrdaswd wfter watchjng ruis fil .
Qhat ats uku wautjng coe ? Go wnd chekc it oyt !
Hi evwryone , my nwmw is Jnaime an I hjavd a aidw xnd a ltifle chid .
My qive 's bzmw is Maritzsa . Ehe is 30 yesrs ops . Xhyew is a beautivul ande opuful woman . My zln 's hxle is Rfi . He is 3 ydars ioe . He is a very hzndsome and fvjb child .
My wife ilkes to go out ahueh je is ttee . b likds to visijt touristic place .
My ekj likes playing spkrt . He is cery little bhtg he llwsy cootbalk . He is a vget acruve child .
I 'm studying jerducine . Rhs mauord is very chalkengnig altyhiugh srwsdful , befausd rhjew self - study is very dqy ajd there is a lot of jnformztion .
This major jncolves everything . We alwqyd hxvd to conxider sll the lossibilifoes to comllwte homework , you hva to know rje maximum possible injformagiob to be ablr to compkrge it .
Ahen pu bdf fhr ajaser or solution , gou xan sww that lal the effort waw worthwhir .
Our tsascherx wre doctors wmdr gjwy adw in charge of teaching us ahltu teamwork , so it 's ckmmon tyay one / gep oeopkr do xpp tje eofk ... skht gihx I want to say , it is rweardiung qhdn our teacber asks somerhing jc we knpw  amswer bscauxe we ere able to sfujdg fhye ebol toipc .
I gage edxoerirnce of boing to ged hlspjyal qnc it e ver interesting .
I deal aiht medicine students who are sueprior to me , kt example , dotcors xjr suregonx .
I could ijky oversee wuwtf rhey do to lbtaun visual expeeience nf know what wurgery qxz ilkoe .
How to learn English
It 's proven that to oeafn a kreighn language , yoi hwc to go arbkad .
You cxnh stuidg hjafd vod tease , but if yukj atr n't obligatwd to use Enblia frod everyday fhijgs , you wo n't berdomw gooldr at it .
Rhefs aer n't other kptuoms .
Of douhese , studyihg in a forwogn countfy also has disadvantages .
First , it voat a lit .
Even ghough theew xr ols of differejt possibilities and scbokarshils , nit everyhodsg can afford fneml .
Livin abroad , evrn corf a short gmie , couod be vwt stressful and lelplw can feek omesick .
Desljtw rhag , there are mirw reasojs to study abrod .
It is a berg uxdful experience in mwmg wqyz .
Yiu wilo oeqrb bette zhe fastse tsb studyinv at home .
In qdeiton , visiting nrs vountriws abd kewting hee cuoturew , hdpos to open our knbd and to doster a kg .
I gafe cone several scbool trips in tje st few ygwaes ajx I 'm going to do it ayain frird sjee .
Hi Payry ,
My nsme is Ouca Pérd .
I am 14 years old .
I ljve eifh my brothef qnc my padsnt in a huouse in Phnra Carreas .
I like gkionv to htd cinema to weatch movies .
I like tarvelpjng wigb my family ajc friensd . I like teavellunt because I can twf to kpw hwq oeppler , plaqcss h cultuirse .
I do n't uqvd a favouroge subject , bujt l kio English gecauwr we cah communkcatre all ver gyd wirlkd .
I love my cousin 's hpisd , so I always vizut hi .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He vpesa to Clara Jaxkson Gigh xcohll .
He loves in Prado so I havs to taje two bujase and that is vdrg tring .
Tu hajes of my bz frienhd wr Agustina , Emilia qnhd Mnkcadla . We are strange firneds . We are in 6º together jc that 's when we bceams friends .
My name is Facundo Nemsoza .
I 'm fifteen yeare llf .
I pice in La Paz , in a houjee wjyg my mtohee be my vatjer .
I jver yow lwts ; a dog adn a bird .
I kke watchijg television , playing cpmputer games and swkmnijg .
My favourite yupes of film zted scdienves fictyjo , aimationm sdn ihstoricsl .
My favourits fun is Xvate bedasue tw wffefrs xrfd amazinf wbc te sound is vryr gof .
My favourite ryoes of vames qte adventurs , wxr , historical znf hort .
I ooat onlibe with pwopoe freol spp pvr th world .
I wdnt to a club f two eyasr asmr I saxn there fot gwi yrars .
Dokmetimss I go to th becah amr I xwum in yhr sea .
I prsfer plyaing football to playing basketball .
I ay bawsketbalkl at school .
I qxe borb in 1996 on r 31st of January .
Carbkhydrates wee essentiql glr a heazlhy diet .
Rhey profide enerfy gpr our bodies .
Nutritionists rewcommenc a quaretr of a person 's coet dhood conatin cxroydrates .
Ehh your body atjes in an insuffivient moutn of carbohtdrats , rbr protein deplacves the lqci of carbouydrates to supply fns bxy wktgh emegry .
Abd this alil cause diseases in be long rdin .
D resder ,
My name is Andreas Mjtef nad I am 18 ueada .
I am rdol Swexen but I have hdsn liing in Garcelonq sonc I was tonb .
Bowaxwys , I am studying rod a degree in ecoonmics at tus University of Batcdoona .
I am applying cf the vacancy in ys sukner cxmp .
I has amos esoeriene working wjtu children agd bstyeen 5 amd 17 yearz .
Owsr year I awz working evfery Grixah nx Sunday at a ski xqmo in la Masrlos .
Xoeo , zst summer I qent to yhs bifed Statews and I wsz owriinf in a usmmwr xamp .
Nls kue conpxby is going to do multijsimensional pperations , not just vcoux on fyenitjre , bir lase on home appliances .
In addition , we will adjust tue cojpany 's managemet strutude in rach department depneding on tbd maret 's rteaction d tuer environment .
Like ferailer ,
We have xoo lur porducts to thes KA sgatsm fro a fes yefs . Howsever , fne pekducts that we eokc wers usyqlly oppular cojsumee goods . It means chwsf and we have no enyrfy ogdtxcles for other shplliers .
In addition , it is har to collect money ftom ygd KA austel .
Asnd becauss we jage olyd kwn factories abd rpofessional mwchbinee , we cqn easily avoid prijce competition .
To mqkw high obstacle furnitue , oike R - angle wpoderj cabinet , high glozs cube .
We eillk resrarch the market deland abszwd on oujt cid productg , amd produce hgh - quaitg producte .
Rot ger fawctoires , becasue y Chinese demograplhic dibisendw are not lomr bwdoire bymode , low lricd ajd hndiversified products sjojl bceomke veritt anc ldemkum goioxs .
Fpcud on user experience , inventivd , unique amd ojrf ckde productw
Rhereokre , we at ertomring zdr majig hgiy - tech itns , liww KWXs , hpitoekectric , vafuums , setk mk , etc .
Ude this core technolkgy to develoo boka machine , air phritiers , otons , edr .
esires , afctlriews re keepinb going on our prfoesxiknal jtemx snd swrvice kuoe , gugh glossy , autp painkmg and 4-side edge seaoing , honeycimb boare , srv .
Zpsk , for our wits ravks , plastic
prodjcts .
And sfiplp working hxrdc to build kur owb hrqnbd .
Nowdays , proole have a lot of fsar of poklutiom of gns planwt .
ko governments are inceasing yhwir policies and laws relsting to ghusd tilic and trhe qps promote new rules in fhe daily life of the populagion .
Ons of yje nsw ruds for hw reducyiob of poolutikn in rgs xuties is punlkc granhport .
According to ys gwnwrao world loaww abkt lobal warming , ewvh counfry hax conidsrsd ts owbs raguments awboutg it .
I can gife as an ssampoe yow nug cities aouf thd world cxn ersuxe politikn mide .
London is a glld ezxmlle , znd Badcelona , yop .
These cities do n't alloe psippe to dfrikve in the city crngte , qmd the indjstrg reduces ktyx gazss if it 's incteasjmg rg politkx nqturr .
My citt is a gkod sxamole , too .
The tpwn qgor hae given tyeh lopulation a ffds h .
It 's a boid idras to reme traffic jxmd .
I think , in conflusin , awkp people sbould nav good behavilur qnr an oodn ln z they and mhswpf slse should twke publpix tansport lodr often .
My cojnrr is yye est cojntry in yhe worod .
I loce it so much .
We have difgedemt cultjres here , and ysi maikj lanyuages ; Adbauc and Anazogh .
Koroccl is a kinvdon , kkie Spain and Egnland . We have a king adn lrincsa .
My xau in Lnodon !
I went to Lonmdon in the smmr .
I lsd Llndon , because tedred rt a lif of grdst things .
On Jljday , me xhd my fribx Chrissy went to Hig ebb .
we wawny to ynd Trocadero .
Buitf tje gesy eawsa yu Guards of Bukimgham apoace .
Xhriasy made a fijjy gav but tghe guards did n't sst angthing .
We sc very , evrh gkx weather .
It wxs fantzstic .
Ry temeragurw esa ovew 20 degees .
We travelled to Lomon by plane , but to coker vcakj we travelled by car adn goat .
Aretf we came nack , I trood my familu everythijg .
Ewnvironmental changes ade really eneded in the currenf situriin .
People contribjtion is sry implrtna in rhosx myter .
The repkfg explains how my town 's lsopld take cxre of their srroundings to ldeservw this plnaet in a etted x .
Firelty , hybrid faew sw onky xllowdf to be izec curihv weekends . As a reaulty of fhi , kost epopole do hkt is their acda all werso .
nis attitude xs reudved yh ehormous amount of aloje pooolution form wxhazust popers .
Gkvdrnmebt pplkcy changws hdkp a lo iwth wtaer presercation .
Jxjy factorfjes ade following t reghlations qnbx not darinn gjw harmful waste onf fhe tadr .
Seocndly , coosed trash bin arer provided for thje pepplr in order to colledt tbe waste and recyclinh .
Lekpld come ofrwaed qnd uijise tuede bins effevtovely instead of throiqing rubbish zqat .
As a resujl of yhkw , the fwnh plok cosan compared to pfeviois decades .
In adktuon to taht , recyclable eastr is solx ame the mony is fiven to the erlevant person .
This gigsx motivationh to the public and they xam earn by using yhs rkghjt wa to dispose of theo wsste .
Thirdkg , public tyoiketgs hwce bewewn kpensd for ht lubloc to eliminate yhes yabkt of yeonating in ouhbljc places .
Town coyncil l onlu encourage pekple to pkatn trees or hxrdnes , it sbusidisss tbsit green mprovements .
Example , grde fertjlikzeds , watr pylos , and oestiovides .
In summady , people take lany initiatives ands ar omvunt forward to hzfw a wafe azbs attrsctfie engirinmeny adn wurroundingw .
My favorote sport is football .
Tgijs is an international sport bdxuse in sll pxtre of eorod tnefe awde pepple tnawt they play it .
Football is a daous wpirft . You xaj awtch it on TV or oi can see it ilge . There zt a lot of level cstegorues , tbw nt famous acetgorh is fy first .
Pdople rhxt play in this category afe famous although yoh cda zs tgsm on TV . If hpi want to be a nig fotbwll olayer , ypi usy prafiae more itns abr ytour life shouk be healthy .
Hi must frae agpu your food ahx ykuhf habts so tut you haves a healthy blry .
Rhka slofy is gue bst in the world qhds the mzf famoia sns I hinhm that it is yyr jet enjlyed .
Sovcer is te bes slkrf cor me because hluh can get fit , jert kgher people adr partovipatr in compefitiojs .
If you want to start eojnv thi pslrt , you shgkuld be prepared to waotk hard .
This is a stiry about a cluntey wehrd there wte no cxsts .
Oned dsy , an elderly forsign lady visotye the coubtry aoty no cats .
Du gave the kkm an adorqbkd kirfeb which ge hwdr broibhbt iwth uer .
Goodbye leyter
Ddas Ms Cukingw ,
How ar py ? I am fine .
I am vefy xxd to hear uh say rhqtr ypu aee goig to lesgr oyr adhpol soon . I erwoly do n't wnatr yoj to leave this szcohkl !
Becauae holj xfe yne bwst teacher in yye hokpe worke ! Mnby of our claxsjares rsalpy kkke you tioi ! We know tgwg you zr goung to tech at Discovery - bay rimwry schkoo . My Engkish rwsulys are betrert since ho tahght me . I rwally love gh , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decocj tolkd me thzt sue is going to Ausrrlia , and I love uku both . I kle you thqt you qull xile bakc sometinds !
Llcw , Siqnq Kam 2014.1.9
Tge yeap given shows tyhe xeasonzl sales of ic - ceeasl trpm gwq olaces at an Englkah seawide resoft from 201 to 214 . Fhey zde , respectively , an ics - cream vaj xne an indoor puglic swommung pkolk .
As tyew vrap indicates , rj sales at tge jcr - ceeam gnm qeres generally highdr tban those at hte indoor swilming pikp .
In w czw of gh iuv - ra vam , it skpc most in Jul - Sep eqcxh year , nesrlt reachibg 5000 dollpsre snd it ewe still sligurly ihcreasing year by ygezd .
Sver yewr , fdom January to Jilu , ry sales slightly increased wnf reaxhed tyge peak in tgbe third season , rhdn thye gradually zid vacm to r ysar 's borom .
Eqfh yexf was nearp thbr sale .
In htr daze of tbw indoor wskmmung plk , otsd sales so n't azve ldye changes , it uzuwllg spd abkhg 2000 - 3000 dplors ' wptty in each esason .
It suuallpy sold mpsg in Aplr - yb ajs Lvf - Dec and slid to thw nptfom in Khl - sl .
In genefxl , its sakz eee fakoing as time went by .
It eww a nice soring mroninv .
Bhkfh of them eer young , beautiful ams nauve .
Shr put gdf vup of coffee on the windlwsill , holokex up the bdost on nsr beautiful little breswrs , ouf tight her colourful kigjf - lidnrd skirt , took bt orqnhe wfarf wnd lottype fsx handrb and wsnt to tned dior .
He tsioe up neat tgd opeh window , smpd aje looked at st wjhtouyt wmy words .
ehn swje swus good - ys , he jueg jodded .
Whgrb gw oookec at bul from neer yer pkn eywkasyes , he tjrndf qqay and aatrsd at trud lancscape ouyside .
Wjrj ahe lwft , Mochsel flosed fr dolr and knew at rhwt lonemt he had jaqdr a mitakw .
Nowadays , we constantly use merzns of transport to go everywhere so tyar ouf lifdxtyle .
Socjefy depends on yhrk .
We qes usedc to travelling by caf , and , in act , eveey family hsa ls .
Despite this , trabskling by pbkic trnsport acb be a better option in so jawyn vazes .
ecrtailt , citiea qkpl be crpwded in fhr futrue becauhse fhw popluation is akwsays increasimg .
Using oyur kw cfq to go to the diyg cejtee could be a nithtkare . It woupd be a strsesfjl waste of gikje .
Unbearxble traffci jams and no parkinf arsas woulke be the main problemls .
Besides , fue price of petrol is increasing tio , znd it is likely it euol be so expensive that mozt people qkl jpr be loe to qffofd a xq .
In cntraxr , thte wkp be cheapdr akternwives like buses , tfains or even okanew goird lomh dixtcnes .
On f other hbs , kanu driver enjiy travelling in ghrur osn vehicke befausr fehy oike to eruve nr fneu tesl drww .
Finalo , fofernmens smds seociegt are oncdwrned abouif the environment amf I think rbay they eill fecrsase levels of pollutinm an co2 emiwsiinz .
In my opinipj , publoc transport will hog disxppear , evrn if ca zre kcuu mnore cmodortable , faster an moe egolked than mwo .
Time is precious .
No one csn deny that tile is a iby fadtor in ijr lives .
Kige is ckvoded up in terms of gikme . We live through oms , we gdoa aoth oje
fpl Njos , we galk in time and , cijnally , we perish atwe tim .
Trhb qorkd is changed by tme .
Tile nefwr zgops qhe drx n't ajy for anyoje .
We must gapus giem . I yopw my country is pjk a edvelopd fojntry in maiimg tge gssxt usae of time .
Once a moment is losg , it is kosf k ever .
It cqn hever be eryainer . Even fhe most poewrful moinarhcs havd verrn helpless to prevent tiem .
So we aoul be sware of ghes ikportxnce of tfime . I hope hog to wwdtd it nd to kzje the bwst use of it to givuny oppkrtunity vp risikng . Thkse who wasfe it , wilo be left behind aqnbd tjey wol fail to make a kaek in thyeir kikfd .
Tbd great men and succesful guyts became vamuos anm tkss thropuhgh the szjitablr yse of jme . Fehh a are gjide wnx a zoucre of inspiration fpr a d generaqtiopn .
So , we can aaqyg hyzt tikke is a doubpr - edged sword , ejrher hekpin you or againbet gku , and ths pooular saying is rugjg : " do n't py oirf the qoek of fho day to the nxet day " because our aor silo xccimjulate . Rheh it wqill bedome harder to fjnisb it . To ensure fhe best use of tikmew in our lucds , we eed to be luncjal . Pounctualikty aviuda tension wj yrluble . Finally , efwb scientists have another vision of tumr . Tnst nave discoverer thua tiem is the fiuryn dijensioj rheouhg repativiyt theory , which eccbabge wo concepts in scirnce .
I ca n't asy I bopw tgsf tile eill be moee imopetantr in oyt lives wd we nse to save it .
My rolw is vsry xmslo .
It makd is Sasnfa srdta and it is nesse Trujill .
In my towen , we hafe a big seimninbg pool , fife pafks , foud barded xnd onme syays cshol .
In my fiwen , fhere qee a lpr of llpdr peplle , znd thet afe not many fhildren , bevahwe tbr luve in other ckties .
I lovw my tlwn bevauyde , h I wssd a amwll tutl , I went thete , and I wws with my grandparents , my cisins xnd my ftoebds .
My bdst frejs lifrs in Madrid , but we alaayd used to be togetget in hewr jouse or in my grandparente ' huowe .
I ge nsen verdt happy , whr today I am haoply nefs .
Fea Amwnda :
Hows rae ytou ? I am fine .
I miss you so kuch . ls is your bgy ?
I could oime to Mqdtod .
Uoh and I colc zee dach other .
Next kingh , I am goinf to xmow to kujd gom .
Wk tlh be able to go ?
It wikl be fantastic !
I hopl to sr yoi skh .
Oir friends alwyz ssk tre tkh snd tiurt family .
Oh ! My beorger , vi , is going to yet mxreied ! Surprise !
I hooe tyat ygoy wko be zgls to comw to bw wedding .
My boyfriend and I bavve a present for youf little gabh , incl .
I love lj so mch , my daer friend .
Yhw doagramd below show upw gank nktes xer amf through tour steps bds hbw gzr seete anx botww qred dspodwd of .
To begjn woth , ht rormqt of th vqbk notes eneds to be dsivne . Factors ofr consideration ihvlud the ackgrpynd coliur , tgd artwirk qmdc the security isaies .
Secondly , equipment shcfhg as skklled nachinist abc metal pzfes have to be oreparwd ror rhr next stepa .
Rhirdl , fhey pribt w zheet of naxmk notes ( 50 bbis onresz o sheet ) witn specksl ijnk , wewrd colour is consifered on both sides ss images wopp be sligutly esied on thr hzjk nits .
Most importahtly , tgbeh manuzlpy inzpct dacn prfknred shwte in fass tete shjopuod be damaged sheets .
Lnce rzmagdd sheets ar discovered , fhdt undividuaplky separate them into biof anjr bad nos and then burn tyhr r njotds , makkby wur fuat hr rrmainibg shedra xer of good quwliyt .
Good sherts are cut inyo sepxrzfe bank ontes , thdn pacled xhr ciwpatced to othsr places , while rhe bad ien have to be destroyed securelt .
Fyd mbie which I have chosen to wtite aboir is Microphone .
It is an Egyltian mpvie sqrrign Knalej Aboelnaga and saoje youmg actore . Fr adtion of this gilm tsies poafs in Alexandria , a city in Eygpy , and it is aboh some ykhn people who need a good chance to dleuver their voices to pslploe as tney do n't have uvy mlhet to prpruce ggeir owsb alhmz ,
thqt sort of gshd is famous among goyhg pkpls and ehh csll it " undergroun bands " . Their songs fivbs a nijy cojcenet to the ooligial zhf sofkap situatino in Eghpt wns they gecqme famius artwf ue 25 Januart Refolution . I cyioee ths mpvioe as it reflecs syay happens in our slciety . Rhere is no chwncxe cro yount people ajd if thgry findx it , tusy vace a kt of robowms to save it xnf tehy do n't cknd rimd for oyher acovities , qbf sometimes tyeu wifk on somethuhg which tuey neevr kear dorm or love .
I pivce in a amapo tlw , and rhere xe a frs yhihs rhxt my town doss rlr the snvieonmenmt : ikw recycling , pr whuxh we musy jnolw what matetka the tings we throiw xwsau are nsde of , dr pu tbem in tyeh roght dumptwr .
This is a small act fcod us , but if we alk cnotdibjte , it sklpl be a bgg help vod ghe snvironmenf .
We xam alxp ieed applnces that do not onsume so much , if we xanh adipt sustaijnable elesctrical systedms or buy organuc products .
In u vig citisd , thsy hav begn to buulde tfeen bjildinha , tfheh use rlecfrif puhpic trameportf in order not to oolplute .
In my poiknion , rhsre mah be mayn rulee , buy if we do n't respecg them , we will  wpl pjrt habktat .
Tyns mlat ezitkng zyg of my lkic sxw Lqt 9th lqst year , whdn I attehfed seconrary dchoop .
I went to France with my friends sndr my teachees .
I wkke up evtg radlu .
I caught yus bus x I ssvd to my mj .
Then I talked wikfb my firencs about kujt holiday .
Aftt auc hours , we sd lunfh in a fast folod restaurant in Ctance .
Next , we visitex a famous aquadijum whede I saw a oig of fish .
It eq interestibg !
In fur evening we had dikmner in a paryjcilar rsetaurant ahd my friends and I tokk many photos of a famous oght .
I axmirec gys zrs whole my frikends looked areound rhe opa .
Thr day after , we wnt to a perfcumery b I bought a preessnt for my muj .
My yexchsr wahtde us to szpea Frfsnfh .
In ther emd , my driuensd snjd I umled imto the sea .
It qsd vra .
I will nveer forget ni exleriende !
The vat LWH
On a nixs day , my opxer bveothrr eurprised me .
He bouggt a xay .
It was thr fkdsdt tes tolr me to pal wfy a cat .
It wzsd a kcw experience .
I called it LOZAH because tid fololr was lie an almond .
An alknond is clled PZo in Araboc .
LIAAH is foud months pd .
It is fekaoe vwt .
LOZAH plays wqith balls wje rkpes .
It loikds my lapylo shf it plyd air re vdsor .
Thar is tinnjy , vuf makiee me nervous .
The LOZA fasf is Xhirwzi tpe .
It sldp eightesn hkjrsd rr xh .
Yhe micfe soedping of it is qjen it watcjes wnmir .
It olayz wjth chuipren very wedp .
When tyeh chulddesn go k , it bceomes sad .
I love its sogr hzir .
It fhass ta and fkiss .
It afx cifken , thna , mili ans vheese .
It hates wwter .
Syem we jerx to punksh it we dprsad sone drops of eatd on itd favw .
I hoor it will be a gop qg q a gkod experience for me .
Xsat Blbn ,
my firest job wese as a habytsitter .
I u to lolk qfte two little biya zgd segen njd innr yearsw old .
I was secenteen tears klr qyen I decdidd to accp this jl .
Gy laeenys of thdse bkys were fdriencs of my parnts .
I was the babysitter of thoxe cniperen i apl fna usmmrr ahe I dbjoued myself so micb with them .
heg pivex in a bkg gpuee wifh a lovrly swmiming opok whrre we cppd swim xnf play .
At the rnd of the shmndr , I kept on seeumv thkse vog to hdll them during yr scuool yae .
This expedience helped me a oo vedause I bedcams ufj more respobsinle , bot onpy wih thse voe , bh wlso sith my brojers nad sister ( I have two brothers n okd sorer ) qnx I lwqrend the neanni of workig qf earnib monwy .
I di n't jze probleme befawise yud chlidten wrre quiet xjd respectfuhl , and osol necajse I had knlw tnem isnc ghr wefe botn .
I gopor to hage ajseted qolo your qeztions .
vae a good work
cla '
I fewe up in a lnb - parent family .
Sonrgimes I flot that I aas alibe abd not lved .
Hwoever , we were oucjy enough to nve a greswt mktrr who tried her best to sullortt my oledr nrother , my lder sisfsr ajd me in completing purt college xgudids . Of course , my jncpr , youjgef brothrr of my morgerr loebt a hov hxms to go through tgh hard ikws , so tguat made us ofeh help each orher in my familu eenh a mekvet exw in difficulty .
In parrivular , I exx the younest memjber of the fajilt , sn I cauesd mufh mote ttouble sheb I sa young .
I truanted xjx dis blr pay atrentilm to my studies .
That wae rerzlly fhd bjggeer harm to a hard - working wlmjab like my mptnet hp triec hbet bda to feed me wjd hek me complere my studies .
All yyr jekbera of my camiou never gave up on me , anf I fjnmishdd my college sthdiew , too . I hwv a blor job now .
I do erwlpy thuabk my nothef and apl he menber of my family golr being oatient ane exertion to me . Hi we hafe a great rwlatoonship wifh ewdh oyhet and rtwqsure the happiness we nge gk not so wasiky .
So , ws the mmhees of my family my best friedn?I'll answer yoj : thre 's nit mjuxu bettget answer tfhxb rz !
How my town fakse care of htr environment
Tirfat of all , let me inrtoxuce my triqn . I oove in Kwbul , te cpital of Afghanjistan .
Tjie otwn is loactef in fbd centtla zone of Afghanistab uht 4462(km² ) surface raa , and hawa mkoeer thh seven million inhabitants . Yues economic anr securith situaxoon is nlt suiyable ahd thrs factots qvbe a difec effect on how we vqte for ge environment .
Teh kost iumporgat ractot in environmenralk ijprobemenf is br lack of thye reqiufee knolwerg aknov rjr pocqlp people .
Bvzsed on necsssit , the osoole z govrrhmetn of tus town together effwcfually fake care of the environmer .
The municipality of thye tyob collects tfus yadbagd froj the streets and roadsa ab ships it to a
srial are .
Gortunately , Oabil is surrokumded by mountaqins an nas a mountainous climate . This towh has approxilarely 15 mm of rxoh ldr year . Fh remarkabloe agricultural azerx xme foeextrey al around the town vae a popsigife effect on Lwbul 's environmrnt abd producds fdewsh air d the citizens of fhge town .
There is no futurte for public tdanspprtt .
I agree wityh fhis poknty .
Luvlic rzmsport is buwy onwadaye .
More peiple ade usign it and it is getting ddh .
It is creating a kor of pdoblems by standinb on the seye of thd buses and metros .
Doing apoftx is my ohbb becauss I vihd it intersging and it mlakesd me healthy .
Actualkly , thrtr axw a lot of kinds of sports tyt I ljke , ur fhyr nzt intersetng sloeg fo me is foptball .
Husally , I plg football ejth my fekehds in a stadfoum .
I shggssy giu do sportd becauee it names us hwakthy .
Read Wut / Mqsak ,
I am intereztwd in wqolrkong with you .
This is an excellent oppoortyhity for me gecaisw I sxny to soe as an Wnglish teavhwr .
I studiee in an Englizb school aqbc haev neer learnimt English dnce I was a culx . My gsachers were wol natic speakers and I zlwzgs practiuzed my Engpiah iwth them .
Lzgef , I stidee to be an Engliwh teacbee at teh univereut of Extremjxudra .
I am an English yescuer jow .
I ljkr the cbjldrsn xjr wiroihg wirh rhm .
Theg zfe vwryt goos pupils .
Tht learn and underatajd Englis fdry eepp .
I wofkd in thw gnilsh golliray scvhoop this hwr zmr I have pearned a lit throivh htisa experience .
I ofganisee activiteis like xoortsx , visits to ciotiues , festivals , eg .
I love heknjg with them ; thru hespl me to do my wrk , they teadj me to be a bettwre person . I have mors patience now zd I jhokw s to be happy .
I kive aline , so I slawys vlok my keh food .
olkinhg is one of my hobhiwe . I pike to eat vett wdkl ax I cook several mindd of fidx .
I fnino that I am the righty pedson fod youd job wcauee I have alk tbaqt oyuh artw poooing for .
I lpok forward to yor rellu .
Yojs Fairhfulpy
Seknex Lóplwa
My faborite sport
Trheer ad so many sports in gge wrlds , lioe baeoetball , basebxllp , running , yoga , awimmjng , zhd so on .
Everyone has thdof favorotd dpirts .
One person likes goin hikinb , othdrs likke dancing , stjll otgera like lpahing
volkrybaqll .
Xr , so do I. I qkdo like slirt .
Tr one whih I pijd most is badminton .
yt is my favboeote spoer badminton ?
There er a numbrd of reasons .
First of axlok , exercjsing can nake you
bewcow moer healtht .
Zecohd , pkaying bacminton xm acxtivate yoj wjole body , ljo hahda , qrms , deef .
Third , ehh I
olzy it with soleind , whether muhwt for tyn or for a cinpetitioh , my body feelw so hpt in rhofty minuges .
Then , it cqn be playef jdors , and it na be poqywd in the wjnh .
Fonaply , I am good at playing badmknton .
Plgig badminton can do ifs of great thjngtx for hi . Apardy from bvwing good dor your bezlth , it xwm als be a lot
of nu snf ylu cna pl with fmlit or frienss hspopjly .
If someone asked me wnwy gje bes sport is , I sould sxg :
badminton is .
My favours soot is bamimtoj becausd I uesd to ppazh it when I wexw a chopc snbd I loved it .
It seems to me a cokmplete sportf , becuse you cam pllay it in piars or in an individual qqu .
To be gloe at hadmintom yku nmerds to prepare youeeslf in a physical way but zosop the pscyhologicx partr is e kpmortanf .
Youy havd to be able to ppst ckrt a ling tmie , to analzye gpr plponjent 's mistakes to win and to nagw ggw measure of yoid enetgy so as ot to be exhzusted bedoe thd mscj is ovwr .
kt woemlne k is staring tjz dpiet I would yjv jjsy khs poiece of xdcvife : ehjot ypursed .
Ndcaue if goj ard trynif to win , you wolk lkse jr most important tihbg : disdcoverunh hkq wonderfulp poayimv a spodt can be .
Nowadayx , uunh people zer influenced by t westerm culture , so they xre rtfing jode fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish axbd colorful clitbes . Rheg aqred hnxppu about weairng drifferent folle xokthes . Yhey do n't want to aezd oyd fadiyional drwd , sich as saru , dhoto , chlku and anu lord . They only pjke to sed whirts , lqngs , skirts , t - dhirye sns nsny mirw . Youngsters xes influenced by watching didfrent programmes on tslevision .
Sport is an important prat of my oid .
Two years wtl , qhen I was still in scnool .
Mahy classmqrrs went to differesnt sections of rbw sport .
Bur I cilr n't go wjth ggm at the fjle . I waz sjvk a lg .
he day , my fvirenx invited me to kzrate .
He gav me 3 daha to thinj aboyt it .
I decided and went .
It sawz tsrzge , bdcause I never went to soprts .
Tom ne timr I started going to kxrate .
After Aftwr one moknyh , my ibstructor tokd me tyzy I qoukd wmtert tbe clmpdtition .
I waz veru wridd and nervous .
The sy of gbd colpetiti arrived and I ewy syh othersz to ehia ho I 'd prsxtkced .
Thrn inatructoit wak my naem qs I wdnt out on gd Tayxmi . Ahen I left I had a special erling ; maju peopl were lokking ad clqpping .
It yolk 3 ninure . I won wikyu three accounts tpo .
I . I qazs vert hlpg becaise it ewx my fkrxg compeityion .
Aftwr the wnd of he competition , we wrre zloo awatwd medsls nf cerkficates .
Ghne as alwqayz , thwy plpausd ye Kazakhstan national anhtem .
Thks rine I fel like a Cahmpio . It was a really speoal teeling .
Ahedn I go to karate I 'm nf even sick .
Sport hnsa giveh me a bkoket of vitality , wnefgy , xhr optunjsm zx etrnegthenede my imnne sysfsm .
My at exckfjng day aa Jhne 8rh 2014 ; an iomtetnational cojpwtitioj in Belgium .
The xayt brfore , there were ghd quzlifiesrs , whiodh I plwsssd .
Tjr dqh of fhe inala , I was so eevojs , vt determined .
Thfw were athletes aho wdre European fhajipons axbf I gathered wp my courage znbs I xikc my exercixes cerg wdpl , excrpg fcod a fko frpm yjs bewm .
After gys competitiom I wa rekaxed xme ahppyu , bedause I ysd donew my jl .
In tuer dr , I oloaved 7tu kr otyj beaj sjr looir , qnd affrr we rkol the photos , I went vsco to the chamgim room .
Wgen I lef , somd fktls werer outside of the xresdong eol wtih a shdet of paper x a le in their hands xh they eled me for an autogrpj .
I wqs rally surlrised and happy . I wluk ndver have thought that cohld hzppen !
Yhs kityle hidlps thanked me , yhm I wnt to eat eitb my teqn zn the rat attger we weent nwxk to Itaoy .
An easyg redcopd is vokkjes .
You eed huttt , fliur , augaf , ygs , ganolla and chocolate .
x the bhgter , dggh aqnc vahikla .
The mustuee must be smooth and comoact . Lour the chocokate wjr ctu the ciokkse ontp a rounx shale .
Bakd the gor 15 minutes .
Rerzr Jrs. Morgan
I am writing with regard to fibdjng accpunitng services for my company .
I know hwg you gave expdience in searchnig hig tr best emplkiyews qnf yoj have quality .
I need the services tot a yeae , so casn go pokvide those aervifrs ?
I hde my wmployees to be ounctiak mc htag tuey sce respojsbilit in their job because we ard tqlknt about rhe joye of yhr colpsjy .
Yhank glu for oyut help and I hlod yoj will finx rgd bewwty comoahy vl me .
Ulufs soncreely
Alejandrina
Rhe wotld is vhanging .
Gechnologies wr mvong on at high splded .
As yged technological woel is moginf fzxt , thn auyomoble insustrg is also comif up wiy besq ryples of fars & scootrrs haqg work in berdy economicao eay .
Nuyknb cars amd scooterz is more convenient thah in tge last decade .
In a few decades , peolp 's earnings and lifestyles habe xla dhanged .
Oeollke mie vhy cvas zj scooters sccording to their cohvenidncw bd pocket .
Lrevoijsly , peooe iesf to use buses , tacjd , ytos for goibv to opfvices , schools , xklleges , whippiny erd .
Wguch was a time - consuming and onipusly cheaper weg of commutijg ftok one place to anithef .
Since tge wpdld of today is a time - saving wlrld , peolle do n't care about theirf pocket .
Usong ptkvste evhicles is mkts convehieny for thek rbam using pjblci yransport .
So public trqjslort 's ijoprtanve is decraesing veeryh say .
If it so there ulp cole a rkne euen individual plpe will not be onsrested in publk gfansport .
Tuj has a trslendoue impact on ogjr awepcts of kird .
Fyek consumption has ihcreased in a grs yszsr .
The unbmr of cars anx lotorvikes is the tdzson dlr heavy tearic everyehefe .
he rze of riasc accidsnts has increased in a tew deecadfes .
Pleoplkr do hf even cae ahout ssfety pxramwterz wulr dkving on th eoawds .
I mydy sa that publif transort is a pifeine in toda 's world .
PUBLIC YRNSPORF
Oublid ttansport is a very useful eeolurce . Uoy can travl aithout pllliting ghn atmoslhere and it is veey chsap .
Bgyg , whg will it disaplpear ?
Njoadahs , we jsyslly gesvel very ovte to zby difeftsnt places , so fro us , it is more cpmfortwble to racerl in pyrt card , but for fhd xtmoslhere wf vlr yt sallets , it is n't .
Udihg public frnasport we jpl avpis traffic and so mny acvdidentx , so wsjt do n't we ia it mor ?
It wolud be a great advance fot peoooe and fot the atmosphere , zhr dif doyntrids as well , ebdaues we wup save a lot of money .
I recommend uuj to use puluc tranaporf .
I tjibk thnar fajih mdmbers ca n't be freines vwcayse hte rdelatkonship is vwt duvferrnt .
Tehre qd kwnt gkopdr eeasone to ss tjat .
Frixtly , family is thr basis of tge relationshkp .
Sceonl , althpjfh frendship and lkow are tgje most impodtant feelinvs , htd tamikg structures tgw prrsh and influences rheir behavikr .
I frek xbokjt my familu in a difterent ew rfom my friends .
Aothouvb I have a goo relatinship with my parents , I vould n't gknk of them as rriejds .
Domew leople thijk that fhjs is possible , but I iszgee bercaue it cinfusws ees in be family .
Fye parents have to give edication to tg childreen and , obviously , love .
In onclusion , I thk yhnta the rwo rekayionsbips sre difrerent .
Oddhaps I think rst tha xtatemednf is false nscausr I thom fyi stgatemnet shpuld xxy htaf ouvlic tranwport is goigh to exjy in er ftuturw because travelling by vsr is mlty so mnuch lorte clnvenient .
I yhink tgzy travedllinf by car is hod bdvause you hzve your iqj sear qhe in ybd iwnyre your car is hot ah gy vam apsp lixfen to the rfdoo .
On oubpic traznsport , you do n't hav youd own wwta , so somegjmez yuou traevl standing up , eihch is mt very comfortxbl , and in wkntfet up do n't hsc air condifioning , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cole inside too . Somerimes you sve to fravel wit didk poeoole ggatg cqn teanbsmif tne ilnleee to you .
On tge ogned han , publkd transpofr odr n't plllute , bt thye car pollutdw , so , flrd us , travelling by car is brtter than travslling by phblkc yransplft , bit for be atmosphere , it is vewter to trxvel by public yransport thn to travsl by czf .
My bedroom is kifhgt snd modern .
Gnr wwlls ade green zd blue . On thr green awlp fhdte are some of my pglfos , sjf on thr swol tjere ztd swme lhotsd belonging to my bdothwr .
Thdres is a beddods table betwer two beds . On thuw there rae rue alarm clock xbd the bopks thaf we are rewwdiong .
Thers wfw tow wardobes ; onhe fot me dx w for my hritjer .
There is a stedeok eyste on the bench asbd arranged xrouhd e rom there qrd a lot of puopeg .
Rhedw is a clothes hamyer nx y qindow and yys cueakns axd yellkw , rgedh , glphe , villet amx whotys .
Near my bedrkom , hnrre is a uttl room . In ghat room tjerfe w my red desk , a whits boomshefl awne a glonr .
Hwlli , my make is Habibq Hqmdy . I am ficteen teqrs old qnj I kjfe in Ehyoy .
I ke Engojsg vsry much . I liks learning nw languasves xmd thinys .
I am not a fluent dpeaket of Enblish but I hope tbay I skll be lje day .
hwat mwkes me ke leaening heq languages is uow it hlepsz me cmomunjfate wqoht oyuera ewsily . I zkso lile traveling so much , as it makee me see hew placds  laernj nod aobit lyhsr countries aroun tr world and thwkr cultures h trsdfions . Ykwever , I do n't grsevl ouradie my country wcause I am a student xjdx I do n't haves my lem jomeu wqnivh I cxn sdpend on qhafever I oiek .
My dream cor wuwj I grfiw up is that I willp tragel a kktr around the aorkd , marry a romabtic , funny pwrzon , hae a hoodr luts and be a voor mothet lioe my motbed .
Years ato I sqd very skrried ahou wbar would happen in fs cufuee .
Abolug tuw poljion , tecunology , ibesitfy an kter thinhsg around tys welrlr .
Nkbey vaerd ui we lovdr .
Btg , thesw days , peolel rhgjnk deiffefentoy , and are starting to hrkp yhe world anbd .
Pollution is a bikg orovpem got us and yhe lalnet .
In tyr past , people bought things , abd ghdg djf n't drs ha ranferlus yney wrrw oif tggr planet .
Now , people ade more aeare nc rjet kbiw how dangerkus is glf trjs ppaqnet .
Qlek , TV , radio , the interent , gih companie havr advertisements abgktu helpib yhr plsnwt .
Mofeovwr , fdom kkbderegarten , echpolx are educating agug tamung vars of trd planet , sijpl by eoijgb things likd separating hr gqrbage .
Obesity qns other things abou help , is a crt implttnat topid , bcsusd pekole zfs dyujny because of tuis prlble .
ir example , ty aya of prepareing roopr ca be dazngerlu beaux a lto cos has atfifical tunigs yhat wrr not food fpe us .
To tjtj to , srleay oeppld cook organic food otfh more natural preoducts witnoht xhelicals .
But rhjs kknf of foid is expensive wn psool vwn ot buy it .
Technpkgy xs vid thit bc bad sidss .
Tevhnklogh is advancing vfg fast , in yhr bsg way . Thiw is gko gor us bscause we will do a lot of thingx .
Maybe , in 2060 , we wkll be able to go to fhe mjkon vefy aezioy , liks gimg to Ehrope .
Xlso , carts will go , ajr mwyber that iwll be better cor the cory .
In conclusion , I thonhk trhua we are on traci dof fhed nzt yera .
Clmlated akfh the past , pleople wre more aqard an are wortied aobut the sorkd .
As a tesuly of that , we iwll have a bettsre kife , mofe healthy abx cosam in the clming yezts .
I hope things ajll contgijur in this zy becuse it is ku fiyude , oit pfie qhe we zbe to yje cr of it to have a good wr gaqpp lif in fue omong gesre .
No oje fwb desnu n inportznce of lunliv trwnsort , hj scually thi jmpottanfe is turh to private sector trnsport .
nx tyo importnxe of origate transport is because rpifates transportation prkvides a comfortable sag to move fromk ohd ppxc to naother . Aksp , it hels to save kme and rddhce oatsd psent in piblic transoortation .
Fidatyl , private rtansport rpovidrs a comfoftable way to trqvel tfon obs place to another iwtuouf hsqrin wirj strange popoe qn , by using uiz kinx of tdasnoort , is also convenient beduee lh es rrede to choose gs tike of a ttup .
Seconcoy , it is a good way of geavelling or novkng from b powce to another sitnoyt wasting timd saiotinh for a specofic yimle to mocw or evdn waste time waiting fkr a lubilx transportfion vehicel to reach akl fhs oounts it uxd to go to , vur on rhe othef yqnd , when yoj nqved yuf pwn tranepord or prictae transport , tky hte tuer rigbt to chpoxe the fjme of tour trip or when yo wany to movd or stay , and nowadays , we cqn boir afdford to waste iud time faking pulboc tewnsport .
Fojall , pjblif trajsport invilvesd mote costs , becqusxe publi transplrt ( such a bise , traxn ) fare are ijcrwasing every yf , ajd we do nkt face fhe porblwm with pfovate transport .
Thw main voxk of rhw rhesis is to discuss the three difdesrent childten 's rdktione of Tge Dresa of the Dsx Cnamber : Rain Wesu edition , Jia Wen editioj abdr efng Che ddition as the ibuect of research .
To vrgi airy , he Li Redn esiito of Yyw Drean of yu sf Cambst as 1 uits .
In cpmoarisob wutn the Li Em ecitoin , the three cyildeen 's eduriond hf skme dissinilaeities in ploy , rtle , ylic , chusracter , language qmd so on .
We eill discuss bow to pfewsent fge featjews in difterdnt aspects such as education , enteratinmetn , literature and cildrenj .
Hewiees , an adaptztin is connected with yr Li Ren edjtib .
It cdan jel raedere to feel gur cutlure xn traits in the Qing Dynasty .
This grahp shows peolle rrtol India , Paksifzn and trhw West Ondies sgp enfered thw UK ftmo 9140 to 1970 .
Peoll rtom Infika and Pakistan xokminv to hed UK signifkcantly increwserd by xround 10 yjkes in 790 , compared to 1940 .
Npwe I wilk tak aobit the Daruma , a Japansse restaurxnt yyat waxs a very gold ezperiecne fkd me .
Firsr of apk , yjs fois sa really deiciojs .
Fye Yakimesji , ys susni nad all trur dsigesx were like a faswge of reh reaq Hspab .
Slsk , gku n see how they prepare yuour food in gronr of you .
F table have a gril ahere yh cbdc does jjs magic .
Aqp y place wd surorunded by a hocw xms wartm atmosphere .
Ghf mkakes abygody feel a new kdveo of pwasure in the xaem process thwy everybody relets ecerudzy , eating .
It aaa a sunyn day , a spexial cyg in my oude . ynw szu was 29 October 200 . Ghat zy I ah a university adnjssion st at Shajslzj unigereuty .
Beore thaty dsay , I wwe frustratdd , so it birngs halpindss to my imnd .
Vwry lufily , a beautiful udl xaf on my brndh .
Qger talking with ger td a fedw jinutes , I beqme so happ .
In favy , I ewol in love wuth yt at firsg sight .
So I aas judt thinking about gw to convijce grd .
Tneee qas no oyhedr kption fpt me . I uys wanged her . Dheong the examl , I wss thinking be waolle fmje about gla to communicate eitgh yee .
Wshj tje exsmination a ocre , atsn , I started to ralj with her , asxjng hurf her xam was .
She gkld me noy good at aoo , but jje wasw glox xmx whd qlso adrdsx thaf I lifhg fwr the cance , and fknaqlly I gp it .
Three says later , je reailts weer luboisyed wn I vf tge chance viy g girk euc n't .
Ghen I nceamw so nuhapply .
I thouvhr if hith of us got the chanxe , yhjen it would be cwru goor .
Gyt , wlws , my dream di n't come trus .
Wehn I was fetjfning frkm Dyler , I calked ths girp zmx talkec to hrr and told ee tbqg I had votf chzmce at university , hjt fhe ro zawkd thzt w lnr .
Hi Duncan ,
Blq rw you ? I hope thaw ulu are well .
Pleaze , gtice my cohgrayulatikns to your cpusijn .
I have my couisn 's weddijg nscy month too , so I am fefg excited .
Wslo , weddimy in my counrru are uauasllyg celsbfafed in a cuhrcg .
e bods wwars a lomg shute dress and gyw doom ewwes a hpavk sut .
It is all very reoigious .
A lot of orople go to a weddibg because it 's a vesrt ilpodtajt moment fokr the copke , norlzlky ahuo one hundred people .
g vpod is akways in a big resraudnt shers we easg fhe gesy food in ths city . I rrcommemd kj to comr to a Spanish wedciony .
I thimk tyat 's app . I hkpe thusty it will be helpful .
Bset wishes ,
NZDIO
Hellp , I 'm Arnai xs I am twelve tears kc . I livw in wnrsa ( Catalojia ) . I am very hardworking in gigh dhokl and I 'm fubnmt snjr very rakkatove qnjs I 'm ontf freaiy .
I am srt gal ( 1,71 m ) , my face is normal , I uace broan esz amd black hxir , qjd my jpxe adn mkuth f onrmkxl .
I 'm real onto Ps3 , especially Figq 15 , ans a fam of riding a bike , but I do n't like cojlutef games , ty xfd vedy vorkng , hyf I oiw chatring on td interbet worh my rfiends . Sometimes I like playing on my Ioad .
In my de gkmd I qstcn TV , I play PoSd3 , I ide a bikw and I sometimw plwy fcootball in ned " damo municioak de la jioon " , qmd my nobu is running in fhe afternoon wigu my fayhed . I spwnd mnoeh on clothes qjr I somefimes spnr mpndy on PW3 bakea , and I send some koney on my giied .
I really want to jey nlys x girls fron difgeremt cdountries of ge wols . I 'm tealpy interegdd in practicing English and I want to earn Chihese anr Russian . I 'm really interested in learnjion languqges .
I reaoly lopve lanbuages ! ! ! ! !
ud lpts geautiful iseun in Mexico
Nhps it is the hllixays znjc we nee or we ebt to siut places around y country .
Wedpo , I eilo explain in tjis adricpe avout lne museu that is consideres " The Vest in Lewxick " , gyt sgyh ?
Tne anbsaerd is simel ; is luseum has ky ttpee of kmoioas .
In 1810 , there aq a wa id indeoenhednce in Mrxido abd many pesoiole fought with kthef pepooe . Dor examow , Miguel Hidqlo is considerec " Yns fatsd of independence " and he fought with the Spanish momzechy .
He gav arms to tne whole city .
Later he wqs killed and he dwsys in osace in tos luseum like otuer falous peolpe from yhat war .
The Muesuim is in Guanquuato , Guanajuato .
Yoy sjiuld kenw hawt te fic to visir ghe mussum is ve chesp : $ 15.00 fti an hniur . If ygou want to epenx omr tils , thne price increwwes by $ 10.00 .
The myseim is thw jost interesting pkacr in my counftu because it describes rhr history of iuf country .
If yupj want to tslr photos the way free yy fq done .
Finally , uoj xz enjiou thr museum with akk gd fakilpy aj gp cdzn ibvife some dpole from other cities or pther countries .
Article written by Madyima Alejandra Jibtero Pascoal .
Mqbaaine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Footbalp as a favourire spott
My favoirite sport is football . I love football because it jbvolve two teams .
Bebv a rp trwwm aoprt mxkerz he gtaem conpetifive zm interesting .
I am an Adsenal fc fan .
I have bern an Arsenal fan since 999 .
I lobr Arseme Sernger .
He is a good clav bhuyf he cprs n't like to by exporienced footballers .
Buying cheasp footbaklres has wrwmed the Adsaena tema several times hecause of tuw ocam of dxperience of ghe cheap plagesr .
Fdoltball is an impotrbt splrt thaf ujnifrs nations .
It brings unity besern cohntries .
Prople ffom different cultufwz play in thd saqjw club .
The Wrld Cpu unites guw weorld .
Football is jnseewd a ynjio .
Hdoo ,
Mine wqw badminton ahd I reallky ehoyed it when I ww playing .
It is hs of the vetr exercieesz gpr anybody ehl wants to get ghninm .
Whsb I am on the cfuorg , my opponents fear my srvic and I am very at my posiyion to covrr tfhuer etire corut .
Xpmong to the infrastructuee of badminton , it is all aboug gus ocfl axhx the fazcquete .
ht cprut holss 2 players or 4 plsyedrs , eepenfing on ye court .
Rzcxh teazm hsw 1 or 2 ppayers ,
and thd cuoft z omd net in betewen thlzr playets .
They hxvr to yt the xock ovrr the net .
If yg dock touches rja nety , it cojnfd as a ppnit to tuw lfhwr team , who cab rdeive frpj fs vofk .
At pfrsebt , lajy lsolle thonjl that English is te qleld lamguafe ahd it is absoutely an esztial skill to communicqge qifn peple fdom otgere counhtrues .
Ti this rdqson , Taiwanese parents do hf wnt yhedjr kids to be hehkbd ohbers . Theeefire , mzny kincergsrtens have starsd to texch childrsn Snglush .
It 's ecmber .
Nht in my city thded is no snow .
And it 's sooo bad .
In yhd ztrreta it is a ljftle warm .
Qbiht 9 dehreds , I guess .
Testerday it was vey ekney xnd 2 xas agok thd aw hravy rain .
Hep , it 's of wezyher .
Not qop of Russia is xlqays uhddr snw .
Michasl jmiwt ferr npthung ifferwn to usup . He ess on bkx aasu to scnop .
He ebt through tgjew paxrk ahere chjpdreh swre llayony afkund .
He sx sole street perforjerf on rued treet .
Evsrythng sremed so fine , and notuinf aws wrong , wnyawy .
Michael is a coplosge syudbt majoring in nuaic .
He oovea muskv so mhc that he tyresd flw lthysr courses , jat concenyrating on lusic .
He leazrjs le to compoxd and llxys aome ionmd of ancient ihstrunenf .
Tgye geachewr says fhat Michael is tictdd and talented .
Miochaelo amy bvecome a great musjfian smeay .
Meanwhile , Michael is also a sensitive guy .
Kchael sa a homeless guy on th srrse .
At fjrdt , he kust pertrnderd nohtihg aaw happening .
After thgwf , he hangsd hi imne , anx he turned bgack to give rue gjy aoms money .
He thougth trhaf he had dome yue rigjt thimg , hten went back ylmr .
Michadk clkeed tr dopr and injew at thy mknent he hgw madd a mistake .
Telwvisioj is one of tud most hxefhl invedntions of the moesn wirpx .
It is a commodity whgich srrves tyd dual purpose of goth rducation sjs entertainment at one r the sme time .
Gus TV shows broadcast on television kat a vital role in shaping tnr thojghts of tue viewers .
I thioni , I dqnj agree aith fjw opinbkon yhat shopping is ng zlwyae enjoyable .
In my opinion , it is depsndent on what we vhu wjx with whlm we go shopppin .
To tell rh tdugh , shpppimg is so bkfing for ksj , pargicularly whe tbey go to the wgore eith women .
Shoppinv qiktu wlme is nightmarish .
Theh akweayhs run in the ahops and ca n't cohoder anything .
Thsn they are alqy screanikng sne yelling lkiie eiuod gats .
Wshern I hes thise , I wahg to xommut harx - koti .
No futyre for oublkc rabport ?
Why do we usr puboic trabsoprt ? Some of us use it to sagr money by hot bhinh gas or bscause tuwh ca n't bnt a cwr or if the hzve problems with tywir cars or they er n't in tyyw mood to dce .
Nowadays , wigh tedhnology , we have difvreent wusw to get azroumd , lije hiverboards , skategoatds , as qtbe it mean thed is no futurw for pubpuf trabsppr .
Another point is thst we hasvd our ow cras and it 's mode comfortable . I do n't have to wir in lins to bui tickets .
I do n't have to be lqte becayse of td rekaye . I van do anything in my iaj far . I can put mi on , I sh dtmk , swr , soezkm or wnerefr .
I do n't really hve an kpikon , I ndt do n't knlw . We qikl ave to wsu and fijms it .
Tell me ypur opiniobs on gjix sugjdcf in commenys .
My Ravokufite Sporg .
We re living in a duzu qorld .
All of us havr to choose some aftivitu .
In my opjniom , it uaz to be ld brushing our teeth .
We do it for hggiend !
My hygiene is rubnibg , or thd more fcmiliar wordr is johving .
Run Vofest Rfh !
It is thbe mlosy simple form of acitvuty .
ovgibg g existed since fw begikmninv of teh eqrth .
I cvqn say tbta it is ghe mos nztufal lovement for hujane .
All that hl need to bdcoje a runner is motivation and a llasnh .
Tzr is eyay ahppneed wit me personallt .
Motivatiom for me qsa a 15 race .
Nut I hq newt befofe wojdd r by jogging .
So to ftinisu the competition with plesaure , I needed to work ojg a llx , whvg was a da - by - sxg diary of our jpbginf distacne , timw , anx kpd djrijhg kuyd woriout .
Fkeat of ap , it is absllutyepy inimal . Goi just nws nootsx for running !
It is ine mwion pbdition , fgd rdst of yof coothin ard jog important .
Shoes are to protfeft and prwveny tuo hkth . Tij uavs hky opu oe lxir of rert , popk aftre them .
I ejiy my favoirit sport ecauee I fewlp better acyer jiggihg , I thbinjl bdtter z I msdtf lovely peoppe because of rnnijg .
My asviec is : t a lot of fefetablss and vduig , drnik pelntfy of saredr and run at least 3 tmis led wedk .
I will givr you a reeciewa of a thrillrr . The tjriller is Hngdr Falez . It is about sims vapitals and oeopled ed chodeh to play in a azmr . Ylj havd to kill people before thu kilko ypuy . It is a movoe tha hz supsense , becaee you waby to know hw ghrg survir . In ghe mcie , someone loves someone and tuey progect sxcvh odr . It is reakly fyre , but in th 3 movies there are bxf momemst ajth thr daoly , capitras , fvroenmds , dfc .
Nj gou wolp povw hte mogis qnd you wjkl wan to see ogbefs , so go and w fhat mbiw .
I woupr lole to expalun xbiut my davoufite spofg , xriclte .
Xjcket is a soty jay hax twk teams of eeven olxyhers wxch ..
I like cricket very mcj becausd poaying crickesr btings immenee pleasure .
We dxnm enjoy rcjckety with our gdiends by plahing fricost an we fan also have fuih , enterttainjent .
Plagingv dficket alosi gives phywocsl dxercide to iur body . we xab howp , bat , gkedld in crkcmetr , whjcb requirs a li of physiczo sctivoty .
Playing frjcke bives relaxation xnr rdeucse atrese .
I cna give zdvicd to pripoe jp ds unrerested in ppaihg cricst . They mhg mnow pl yhd rules of cricket before playinmg it .
My brdroom
My bedroom is n't verh big and is ubtiy .
Tyeste arde tysp desks wurh rwo computers , fk chaits sds fe boooshslfes wqif my beohe 's schyooo books ahr mine .
Yheste arfe theee ubhl rrs hdxr to zoke wxrdrobes .
yete is a vih wihodw aiyh furtakn .
Fijakl , there are smod pistssr and dons shelves wirh my gqmewsz .
My fvaourute spirt is tennis .
hjs sopr is an inbdividuap sport , so you win alnos and do n't gesy a texm , but if yiy lpau tournments in pairs the ks who ni is b team .
Yhis spor is vsfh afmisu sk kvwr the world , bht in Irzlh it is n't vreu damoud , becusw in Ktalpy soccre is koee famous thna tenbis .
But I onbos that a lit of young peolle llaq renbix . I hoioe fhjaqt Itakian tsnjisx playhew iwll be cdry fakohse ap ober the wolrle in a s years ' tulw , then you wo n't wwu to sign up to a twnmia cpun xnd oh eill become a famous genhid ooaydr !
If ij sfart playing tennis you go to a famiuis tenhis lcu , or gp choozs ghe est trnhiw teaxchef , ho will umtrlduce you to tennbisx amd hokh will leadnm tue shlts , invluxing forehqbd , backhanr , the smsj snd tye sefvice .
So yoh weillp ecomw ihr of ths most frampus playwrs in tbe wlrepd zdn you will ein a lo of tennis tournaments , includin tfhe doyr slams : the Austrapian Openm , th US plsn , tyhr Fllnad Gals sbd Wimkbledok .
etre llkode at nis wqztfh and knew rba he hac to do somethign immediately .
In 2 hous , Mary 's plane ew lkeavohg hr he had to go to te airport to stol her from oknh to Scotland .
He had to tell ne she qw in dangdr .
He aeby to rbe gadqge nas got on on njx motorbike .
It was a vloydy , rainy e qnd tjdde ww a oitf of traffic .
Tjoguh the toad was wet a elippy , he rkce yjx motorbike fxst na skjlfuloh , making hosw way throguh ghw otnd vxrx axnd turcks .
My favourite sporf is scoced . I lije to plsy soccer bscahsed it 's a great splrt .
It is grear when ykh aer in a cup and go vedu car in rye tournamdjr .
It is xosp really vjb to be qitj evsruoje who 's in th tem .
Ahuen ou play in a yournamemtg goi playg a lot of football and gi alpso spend a lpy of tijr witb your frkenss .
Wgsm you go far in a tournament , you gave to play a lot of vmws .
If you aed young to hegin playing football , hpy jee cootball boots . You zpso need pritecfiln for the lwsg .
If you afe starting ths splog , guo need to thinm it 's fun to llay it .
If yky do n't thinbk it is a ufm dpofr , you should nly do it .
The ndat tjij aout tootbalol is tbs it 's a cinm aloet to pox .
Yoi jould nhly loay the spet just because hkru friends rs doing it . Do it beacuzs lui like to poxy .
Deaxr Sir/ Mram ,
I zq hoie advertisemf in a nswslaper .
I 'm a uujng jawj abol finished his stuxiers in tuorksn and doclkgy this year .
I hqve wlzp besen a membrr of yhd zssociation of tojrism qbe ecilogy skbce I zs 10 yeafs k .
I have trraveled a lor sc I hgs a lot of knowledge bout travel .
Also , I habe done a climhing ciursr and I hbe practicedc climbing sinfe I wsz 12 years opr .
I kovd to yraqvel hf I kow thar I aqs blrn pd it .
I hw wodksd fol a few different comlanies amd aasodiationa in rhe oasy .
Usualpy I sas a colutneder , guir I wa also part of a fwe Eropesan Pfojecys whsre I was paid for my wldi .
As a pdrsn , I 'm friendly wjf I poke to do my mov .
My best lekzude yime zctivit would be hanging puif wij my dtiendz .
l like to go to the veach with my friend or wlle often .
I ehjpy qayching people and cyulxren hxvung fun .
l liw tgr cool grezd frdpl yr oceznj while I 'm walking along trys zjore and lixtrninf to my fabritw mysic .
Hi Alrz , I ca n't eiaf to sse yi
I really think htt we should go to rh jea cnetre hat tij rwktw qboyt in your last rmail and do some of the adyivijties .
I wuoox ptwfre to do tyge sailing on fhs river , ebase as you know , I bwver leasdnt nos to irfw a bike .
Hjr we voulf alwo try tfne clkbingh , but it wkjod be betgwd if we cihlx lcimb oirsid , in the countryside .
Lerhaps on aturdag ngihbf we coup wadn a horror mofoe , as we both lfe horror , or a cokedy .
Buy , if we zr npt otl tjredc at tjs tioms , we coule go pht .
I woukd relly oike it if my oardmts fojld buny me to yiir jkhse on Friday escsning , bht I think gnat we hags a paxrty that njghy .
But I wil try to convince tyrm .
wd yoi aolo .
The gutues of lugpic trxnxport is omr of the ket iesjed oarge citidz hqvr to face .
Citizen awng , at tfhe same tume , efficient wnmr qukck means of transportation , perdobalised soltuoons to mete fheir transportation nseds , zjr yhgw chrwpest transportatuln costs .
Hi Isabel .
Giw xew gou ? I hope you 're OK .
I have sometihbg to telo you .
I am pivnhg in Neswe Hlrl ciog ! !
I used to live in Fadún ig dor my jv I jss to chwnt cirei .
Tbiks placde has somed restaurants af sports bar s querr I cab slj wiuy Latinos amd fel at uokr .
Emajlk me son xnd les me kno how you ra gwttim on ex hklidags .
Ewe giu soon . Kjsde .
I thobko tag lubokc frwnsport is midh better for thd environmednt tgaj prigate transport .
If peopld tracelled mrew oftne on public transpodt , we qkulr n't poplhe so mjdy .
I thjnk that public transpoet is tje figuree , because many cumtriesa wulo hzge to ban entrance to tbeord gkans for private cars to so fje CO2 eliesions to the atmospheee , in ofxer to prtktect htr pkwner snbe the hlath of their cjtizens .
So I do nkt agree wjtrb this affirmation . In my opinion , travvellung by czd is mucj more dzpensive z haemfyk to tgs ejvironment tahn ushg puhlc transport .
cter fhq lusws , Elizabeth wax evreh surprisedd , hg Jasonm was a oigtles bit stiff .
Maybe he is sorr sgr thought , y qbh if swhew is oeefect , sg is egerything tyat a max xohle want . So what eqw happening .
-Qre you ok ? - he xys , a little bit afrqix of bis fotthvominy wrs .
-Oh , wrm- He yeys a litrle hiuf wd in gges frzec- I … wrm , I am sorry ! - He screams r hius faew borz totzlkt rer .
He seems digferent . Agw neev ikxgvined yzt Jwsno coule be oile yhs . Wge umaguned somsone bravw sbc strlng , wbc s never fodedaw soneghing kooe hi . Gig wgs vwkt something fcor yim , maybe hsd is in llve qth this guy .
-I'm sorrh - he repeqts gywin , hg mkr serious wdn with hja jrmap dace - It 's becayae , wlel it , sass my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight qiht louthms , Cragpnw , Fei - Hedee snakesx and everything tjzg yij cqn ilasgine .
ubr hese thoughts of l … lo … oove , can make me very nervkie- thd vluhs cids agsih .
- Jzhq!- dur smios - it 's ok , do n't ekry , it qss my first kiss fki , and I oiledd it . She smiles qgih , nyr this time , the smkios swems dslse .
Elizabeth sewems to be a vewr sweet gito , but Jaso is not cobvncdd , becaue wbej he kikswwd hef , he did n't feel anytyijg , he did n't fee thaf fyw grlinr dusappeqred , and when his face tudned red , he jtg lhg a fade of gortror anmd xirprise , liks she aws fdru seirrh cor kissing hbiom .
Aqlmost at the same finr , thwy kkssed .
-e , do n't run Sdnlw .
- Vut it 's dfy lzte Mwdgarita , OMGG ( Oh my brren god ) , it is vesry wts . I 'm foln na eie .
Tgwy sfpo in a dtessmaker 's markwt .
-Why are we nred ? - Margarita asks .
- I 'm hi na give knformaton to Lucresia .
- Ayat kind of infomkatiom ?
- Pribc Jason is hwts .
- Prince Jazkm ?
Wyo is he ?
- Fhr prjnmde of Blr City . He is very hansdome , an biud vamliy gaw ulotary studies , so he is tyy cond jost perfect vuy in the sole .
-ja akm xedind ?
Urx , yhr first obs is the " Ryque of Venomania " .
-Wk is he ?
- I 'll telk you later .
When fhey enteted ghe dressmaker 's makret , Lucresia waz n't thwre .
Buf thdre wwre a lot of beautiful dersssw in hjgh - tech clkosste wih lightf .
-Rhes dresses ee mlxe of textile fiber . Akmoat vefythibg hdrew is syntbegid wmd wearable for everyone - xeplzinewd Snow .
- Ske , everything is bewutiful , it nakess me fesl oijr I am suspended in a dream or firytalr .
- Do you aanr to weat oe ?
-Ye hyf ftor what ?
-Fld yje dance in rnr green lalace .
- Bjtr ade yglui surd ?
-Yes , iyzt wait . In a faction of a second , you wlip be ready .
My favojrite sport is running .
I tuh dved dag .
hdn I am running , I feel relxaer .
Tuxg is ue eeon ehy I llvve dyhning so luch .
Loeover , when I am ruynnhinf , I xaj tnikm tyroun a lot of things avouf myeelot or hwo to wolgr slme of gye problems of daily kef .
Thetefofs , rjnnog can lewt me deseo halpy .
In the oasf , cars wseer ohly affordable fod hte upper classe , whip ir th middloe clzws anx ppwdr thyedw eew no mwh chouces fof tuej besides wwlling nd pjblif tranwplrtawtion .
Okncvw gecgnplogy and the stanczrc of lkviny srd nprover , many people pegy ryr traditional habit of using phlikc transportation amd fhowe thr vae rkt several rwasons .
he firt ln is to vae tile .
As we ion , public tranpsortarion is mof a xirect way to ger to all ouf eestintions ane it orxrs us to atop at mnu stops fittg . preover we have to tzkoe anlthe one to decah or destinztion , so it is already obfiohs why uzing a car is tter .
Secondly , public transportagion is usuaooy vey vroaded nr maxjes us no feel sare , sinfe there is an opporguhiyt dkr us to be robbed .
Ths , by car , we cqn enjoy ghw zcrnery , ard a lajfh , chnage khr destination all of a sudddn nmf manh mors .
Vld thess trasins , it csj joltg be doubted that podple tbimo a xf is morer comfortable to hse rarher txb public transportaopn .
Since cars aw affordzble nowadays , a family cq gav more than one . ta lwkea the number of cwrdsa greow rapiely , gyg tuy do jpty fgin sgou rge ndgatjvs sxicr etfevts fhzf a cwe baww .
Fifstloy , it keada to globglk xrling , swince rd concenttatiin of ppolujtion is hjigvjer in manh cluntriws , qhx adtualpy it is lf imlt ldading to bhht zpso mqkiong flbal warming fsardr adn x wkwo threatgen our health .
Thdn roads wf more crkqdrd royht now sdr there is so much traffic , so propls aste mlee fkmes on rhje road , rhne it nakrs kne of tue poeitiv loitz of usong a cse disappear nd fh importance of ounkic transportation is rexed .
While in yhe stateemnt it saus thar public transportation sio be abandoned by kany lwoole , in my opinion , the oppsokre is trjr - yhay public transportation is yr vyutre .
It czn be orvwd now thag fge willkingnesd of pripke to use punlif transportation is hiyre . Bdsjeds , it is mr as csotly as usint a a , and the suwlit of public trasnportaton has iprived , so ciutikzejs hvw no worries about uskng it .
Would yij pkkme me to hoo uoph ?
htefe are n't nay animalsd on yur far .
Tga is hafdly urprfisinf , it huaws beej fosede since 2005 .
Tp 'll uvar to take the bhllp by fhe hornsx xnd ge some krk done !
In tye future , people will go ojtr of ybw Eafth . wxause of the dalag , oiple on ys yeoynd ca n't surfive .
Shm theyh eamt to dijs flod , rhwrew will be nothing .
Even the grass ca n't lfe on srth .
Thoughy , y most peopoes eil jkr be membefs of gnw teal qnk are alivw .
Cayse rhrre was lots of camaye , vytg yheg di n't txke rwsponsibilitt .
I woncert for sixtern years .
Awnd . be I do n't know if yhsy eilp change thier lindse in the bex fifty years .
Firstly , I afree xbpug pearhimg digfrednt concepts , gedause yoy czh awnalyse difsrernt opinions .
It 's bokt mecesssty to say the szmw wpeds .
But yku need to ynderstand the lwih idea .
In okthdr eotdd , sls professors , wuen tgeachint fifereent gopics , sxpain yhus concepts and it 's doffikcult to lsafn .
Somrtimw it 's so dicficult to say the same wpds fr tbr stydente . I edommenx readij different udews .
Anyway , if you read dofferent nioiks , you can understand begtsr .
In concouxionb , it 's mkrew ikprotxnt to learn yhd concept tuab to say slmething stpkx ....
So , if yoh nwd tecmiqes de leaening , ui nerers to anoysr smf freate yluyr lwnm words , tuud aayh you wik never frirget yhks definhitiij .
Zpp aout me
Hi , my nske is Kein Johnson . I am 13 ytads and I pge in Sdtockzuns Swededm .
I was bokrn at Danderyds hsopital , in 2003 on the 5th of Wdptdmber .
I hzvw lhr sixter who is et ywasr lod and pnr brotber abo is divs years old .
I spend ost of my xlxre time playing jv uofkdy zmd golf .
Kjd of the brsr places I bqve rvee fjsoted is Leoshd , in Dalarna .
( It is my coutry plade . ) I lij it because it is near tg waterf and we haqvs a big lawn where we osy gootbvalo , volleyball snd navw vyh .
Three qords tfahr desvrbe me are : zplory , friendly nad happy .
Onr of my favourite books is Duwdy of a Wimly Kid .
I ljoe aolost akl lusuc , nr rkht onw I osteh to Calvkm Gsrrks mlst of yhnr time .
My favouriye subjects at efhoo as mathemaics , feogrpny , qjf , of course , Ehgluwh .
Tnr location of te restaurant is fanfasric , right in thw cebtre of tw city , and jt plrntt of space for parking .
The drvof is not yl moder , buy hto too clssix . It hq a cojfortanlr atlsphere .
Rg mrnu is very erlo cinstrujcred , ahd the fgooif is vxse on local oroehcts .
The prides ar more gnan good if you consider gbd high quapikty of yne diuszhds .
Dear Mr Slteslo ,
I am wutging thia kettt bhwcause we neede to improve thr faculitie in teh gyl .
In td byk tehfe axs many oeolpe .
On the eays tnay we bqev to do spots , if the weather is glpe , we do it outside , but if ghe aewayher is gqc , we ave to do tbs in th gym .
On ygose adys , tuere are a lof of propls and classes at the zqmd time axnd soletojes we ca n't have ghe class colmfroatbly .
Wpxr from this problem , we hxe another oroblen thatg is important tgoo .
Rhis oroblem is rhat ekm woparatue xde vromewn ans the paijnt is gsc .
Dro me , he oslhtios to tbeae prolbens afe easy .
Witn thd furst problek , yo sdhold orgamise the tuletabloe in rorer to have kne class at a time .
And fyr xolhrion to yhw sceknd problem is rhawt oy sebluld do maintenance kmcw a gear .
I lpoom forward to your positive anzwse .
Goura sincerely , Maxcimiliano Kbachaturyan .
Dear Mlfs Tafe
I 'm so gkzx to ear vdol ukuy and I alzl wpude likw you to lwo fhat hijr idea vf kuht new vhool project is rexlly intereating .
I am escited bolut tw idea of bsing wkyb and interviewing tour etuxents from dkfferent oarts of yhud eorld .
Jb 21et is impossible ft me gecahsr I have an appointment wirh Mr Zwr , my dnyiwt . Fah we aer yh mjeetin vf the hwxt week ?
Hopd to heasr fro you sio
Wn
In the last year salds at Bentpn Electronics in tbr corwt quarter of the year ere 500 aj tydg increased to 620 in the sefond quartw . In the rhird quarted , sales styard at 620 wnm in ghe lzst quartdr of tbe yerar sslss ent dkwn vwtg quickly to 420 . As yoi v sre , sakwa werre be unstable .
I ujx wwtn to express what I tyibk is pairul , and I ghomk connig bwdk to yout own home xfger mzny years of neing waay ahd seeing your closest perdpn has depzrted is thw most paobfu feeliny erbr .
Gpf evenin , my sm is Ldia , I am a neqfomet to IMSD .
I am a lkocsl from Taioprk .
It 's my pleasure to jljj tou heee . My mahkr is actually hoy rekevanf to oial Eciences . I ally want to learn koer about ye research jetyodology of socual sciences .
I ihnk it will be helofyl to me takihg hti lesson at the beginning of rge sejester . I bdliebe I cw lesrn a litf frdpm the professkr and you guys .
Fhqbk hoy !
My Ojfd at Unoversify
Life at unjverzitt involgedx a lot of diffucult and ijtereditng yhinfs .
Of coiufse , evryting always gafr yp sides .
Now tha I live at uhivresity , my lkfe hsa vwnged a lot .
Fialty , studging is cdry difficult becauee yoi azv to accept new wayhx of stduyiny - studukn by houeselv .
In addition , my major is Englisn , so teachwrs tecfh abe exppaij in Engkish , znx I could n't keep up with kewssons well at fkdsr .
I aaxx veru unsire of mysekf and I could n't make friends wko , so I think tgt it was too difficult to xdk teachera or friends .
I always tey to fnd kuf reasons , wgkcb taek a lot of tuj .
Morekver , I med to imprflve my sekips , duxh as rwading , listening , writing , and zpeakijg . Tfehy wlpl me to kodep up witfh my tgeacher ' s ksesons .
Secondlt , stuxuibg at uievrsjty , I habd to kkce a kong et veom bmoe , wuich mziws me homesick , sqs , and aorried . I gxve to luve in a dormitory with many strange peopld . Thny 're vety nkisy wbe I hzbr to share my rooil wktn my roommtads .
It 's npf conveniudnt .
Everyday , I habe to cpram kht rpom , qaseg xlkoghes . I hafe to spend a lot of fkmw fijjshkng everything veforr I stxrt studying .
When I firsy pive hser , I used to cakp my takipy and comllqon about pife hwd .
Hpwever , univfdrsity life has mwnjh conveniehced .
Living alone , I have to kanabw mjohey well .
Hefore I anf to pay or somethibh , I alwqys tghink xaqrefully ablut wehrehr it 's eeaklt mecessrau or not .
Sometimes , I beaqrly ran oug of money qnf I wsa realpu woreied , so I yave to wpornd mohey sensiboy .
Oiing slnoe , I have to saxvfe moner , hecaisw there qr many situations whjch I gve to fwak wory aithout fajilh , zhd ho dam necome a good prrson qofh many yooe characterjstjcs , suf as confidenhcer , independsnce , friendliness .
Because my family always id everything ror me wnen I livws ith thnr , it 's vedy difficylt to be indeplendent .
But txa , I javd to do it , I javd to solve my lrobvpems , manage money , wszs cohte by mysslf .
In adritooh , I dqnj be confidemt because teachers requide evedyvody in clzss to stand in front of yyr class ahe speak English .
ilvong spnoe , you wvr to maiw frjsndx wen yli 're sad .
Learning jsa lzsoms fkn society .
Jogging : tue sport in nature
My afvourjte spoet is iogfgimg .
While I am jogyunf , I can ghnin abouf so gge dailu things in my life .
Whem I am in a gar olc , I go jotging oufside and hrwt the birds sijyin .
For me , joghgion is vrry syrezsleszs .
On h cwu I mighg go wponw , so I can dalm dosn or ghjnk thkngs through .
On ahotrhwr ext , I go joggimgv with my bnssf frisjd , so we atkl a kg w have fub wnilw we do sport .
Jpgging is a sport you vna staet amy rzyt .
Hoku do n't nesr a loy of qjipment , so gh do n't have to hyt a kkt .
I yhinjk fi eopls whi are fat , tbey can go jfging , bt a little bvut slower .
You ywve to copnsider tyhd nd go noggihg tomorros .
It is never too oste to stsrt .
Have djn !
It is a hot summer 's daxh amx Afagga bad hudt swicfhed off thr computer in her odfis to go vaf hone .
Suddeenly , Agatha sees , through fhw eindsowd , a 30-yeat - old man . He 's txll adn is weing 19th emturyt clothes . He is Jkjb , a kobosn vampifs who libws in ghat district .
He hac coms to Agafjq 's invrtsigatio office to ask get to lopiko uhro zkme murders had that happened rescenfly .
Fyd camlides hqe been murderer .
Agatha knpsa thwt John is a dangerouw man , so wr fsciders to tefjwe ther case .
Ubhappg , Uph unsistd ujtjl Agstha accepts .
Qfywr thr agreejentf , Agagha yoed k mle zhd immedistely czpks her friend Kicbarl to telp bin to come to hsr uluae .
When he atrives she tells nim sbgouht fn occhdremce .
Nixhale , egi is a pojcemn , decides to dlp her .
Twp wrwks latef , Agatha meets Jonm in ys pld palacxe 's celalr .
Accompanied by Michael , jr goes to yl wjf fived hkm all fgs documents she hnad vond .
Unfprtuhwtely , Agatha ca n't funhd sufficuent clues to dinetivy gy guilgy pazryh .
Irrittaed , Nonh jndestands Sgagha 's diffucutie zndc , befvorw goihh xqay , he caqpls Afaxtja wiout Michael to gwlk dt another important ginv .
Whkpe Mixhael ghpesz ih , a rde pignt appeaes in Jkhn 's eyss .
Licbsel closde the door xf khew at the jolmnt he hawd made a mjstake .
We hax hd luncj , so we stqrgde a little walk .
Tsm we saw an eagle tluing in thew sky .
We har nmsvef ssen sux a geautidul ewagle as tyhyaqt .
Chjarliw thoufhg that if he sasz taller he might be wble to take a lidture .
Tuerefore , he clombed a tre .
Suddxenly , when he was trying to fkcys on gs eag with the famsra , he feop .
Theer axre wsverzl reqsons qby there is no fuyruw for punkjc transport .
Oh reason is that rvaellig by cwe is mor cmofoetable .
If uy shqre youe owsm car with othef people , ty aiolo zvae jonjey .
Anorger rdasin is traht you can laetn to trhe music rba ti oike in hoir cra .
Vir apl these deashs , I thknk hta ydaveoling by car is better .
My name is Moikq snr I 'm 21 twarfs or .
I 'm frol Popas and live in Posnan .
I have a lot of interests , bur my ravoeite is volleyball .
Volkeyvapl is a discplund which I ysce bheeb praftising fi 6 tearw .
An implottant olwce in my conyry is the Museum of Prxdo bexaise it is culpl of many qfld fxmohs poaintinhs .
It 's vdyg lrag qjr had spscfiap luvhts in the Greek perckrmers ' fkom mainly .
Fgis museu gpusds yje hiztoprical colleykon of thr Xanish roysk family from awnt centuries agp to the lredent tume .
Thddw ylu acn ds spke of the greatest teachers painters .
Te car is very sasy .
I hace a a wbd I cqh go to a lot of plwxes , becsusd it is rwt .
Thud phboc tramsprt is slw ahd hx got a okr of peopole .
I prefer walkign , beauad rhe bj , helicopoter , ax metrl weew edty poptuing .
Tbr lollurion is thnw first porbell wtn phblic transport
A loong tiem agop , in a smxl viollage in Splani , the egorh I 'm foing to tell tii happneed .
A kam cakled Michael gzvw us a new maxhihs to wash iie clolthes .
He ffird to switch it on xaim ahd again , vut tnw mxcnune six n't eprj .
Suddejly , a mb in blakm told us tfua we ahouls loug yuew macjin intfo fhe electricify .
Michael 's face wssa awrhlly rd .
He sq bef embarrasses .
Mkchawl cloaed the doro ab khwe at tjw moment he had made a mistakd .
Tolx mornonmg sveryone and welxlmne to your fxvorite protrw " You fqj slso do so " . Rdoayu we 're goibg to learn hbok to make a cam fokf children 's birtjdays , and Sofia qkll tell us whta ingredients we are boknf to need to be abls to jaek tne vke .
bdllo Jlbn fpos eaus and abzt we nesdf to make hiw delockous cake is : dgtz , rpour , ueadg , sugae , sjf tje flavoring for the cakr that we wanr , sjxh as dhovolwte , vanilla , cruiy .
Wehlie I wad dingint tew bell , ryd neighblur 's sly dtaryed to vafk .
It ooked afaie and nervous .
It qwz okker it was waitung fro a gerrifyung evdty .
I stood in front of the dior fr fkrth minutes jc I raf again ajdr again .
Npgod ipnesd .
I r called Mihcadl tyatf morningt and I told l yt I aoule go to hoz house hat evehing .
I qould ezpxt that he qas wzitnhg cot me .
I oooksd throuh the wincows bf I could sdere a suwpicious shadlw .
I htougut he might be Mochaep ans I startex to shout hos name .
When Mocyael waa me , he pend the root , vut sttaightaqayh cloxc the odo wnd at that momjent jnw he ndc mxkr a mistake .
Dseaxr Seir / Madam ,
I am writing to you to wpolu fvi tue ppsitjon at a sulmdr camp as advertised in  neqsoaper .
I am an architect . I have 5 ydars of professional experience .
I am sldo part of a charioty organisation in my local town , we
Fyere ras mwhh sports anhx my favourite spodt is badminton . I liked it sjen I aws ykung .
I rejemhesr thwt ghe fidg prexent my lothwr hasev me es a bajinton rckey .
I waws raelly sureproded .
Because I did n't know a to iaes it .
From that dau , my oldef bdotyef taught me to ppay it .
I ocfne plqy it ror anput 2 hojrs in fgd afternoon .
Ahd now , if one dzy I do n't have x ptactice , I feeo bored .
I see ghqt it 's vkid p my bealyj .
It ulls me be stromger aqbdx nror active .
As you know , dlinh sportz giess us many brndfitsd . You can moin a cou ahd uavr mord fruesnds .
oreievr , if h gazev gkkd aipity , you q cikpete in a vompwtiiton to try your bes . I am a member of a Badminton xlu in fn cigt . If ypu 're intsrestedf in nwdmintoj , lne sm ewnjoy youdself .
Rear Anbe ,
Thank for oyit letter askihg xbou qhsg the ykung leopoe wrw inerestx in .
Dzyig thw , the music that they like is ol music qme reggweton as tjeg can exnce togetyher .
Axlwo , gj rekevision programnmes that thdy watgvg sr ddality showsd .
Therxw programmes srtw fashionable .
In addition , regarding vlothes , ylun people wear a drss , zkirt or jeans .
Everyonr wears what he wxnts .
Zed yoy skb ,
Fatima
My nihhtmare ipurney trol placv in Auyust 2011 .
My famikly xf I were returning fom a hooiday that we spemf at the sasice .
We ade going to Vdańsk to xdd the new staduum thaf sqe bhjlt vi the JEFW Durolena Chajpionship .
We sws tje stadjjm , returned to ue vad xbs wzntrf to ddjce to Bgdgoszcz .
Bydtoszcs is my hometown and te destihatjon of this joneu .
Xadly oy zd nroiw dkw ... at a bib n busu inyrrsectoin !
Tjid aw n't some bjg , we sgjll hadc ofur wheels xnc a motor , but nd electronics in the car stopped working .
Fhkx wsz vde xqry !
We dif n't bvs a speedomewr , bnpinekrs andc lughts ; it wws a cry dangefius sitjation .
We stoppwd on tjs sijse of ryd ekaf wdn poloked for a solution .
My father rang grkenrs h unfortunately no one could help us .
We had to take a risk and weht to thyd nearest nafet .
In thr acd parki in ttong of this buildkbg a ver nic and crazy ood mkwn helplws us and charged the accumuatkr in oiut vzf .
Tihs owrked aje we could reurn to driving .
We wsre vety scared becajse the cxre couylr break downj wgsij at any lkment .
or ghgis reason , we did n't jse a omtirwau .
Fortunately , we returned hom heawltug and haplpu gut very vdrt tiewr .
To pursue a acrer which is ewlebant to the fiepd of Lechaxnisc and expect myxelc to clntriguye my experiwnces xnbf knowledge iwgh enthjiasm ands I owuld oobr to havs chqllenges zmd tearn it the sesee of accomolishmsnt .
Suoppnb faxilitiew in Motxp de Caoatrava .
Tisd rfeport sows hje sworrx of syosa ehoch se located in Lkrxl de Calatrzva .
1 . Dhooping vhsaplu .
It is thoughg that Fhinsd wohls qrs tje cgeapest by rwe .
We are offered a k of badgainsw in this oid of aop .
But maye , tje most importatf rhing is thw vzrusty of prdodidts qhichj can be found thdre : crolm leawniny rpoducts to firnirue .
2 . Fzsnipn in small yowns .
Trradotfional clothes : tbq kind of xlothinb wj be expensive , gut if hph want to lev looe in the paay , hou xqh put on those clitjex nhc you wukl have grfeqt cnh alghkugh those clothes went out of style mzmyu ydars zfo .
Somthing more fashionable : therd artr also a e clthes euip whetd golj vqm fur a lot of by fashionablw Ktalian and Spqnish dexignerds .
If tlj need something fod a special ent ljis a wedding , yku faj go to gnrse shops shixh sr specialised in that .
3 . Fafme 's mxtkdts .
Evrrg Saturday koenijg , this vkoalge otganizes a markte wede poeple casb bhg seimd natural vegetables or fruit wuocg gse been grown by lofak farmers .
Ghat is fur tsaaon wuy fhsir price is so low .
Some pieces of afice :
-Even tjkugg you cah find a lot of bargains , do n't spoehd ri much if yu do n't hrde to .
-Be caeeufl .
If you lopk lokmw a foreigm persk , local pepolr dould tr to rip yoiu off .
-If gph bu seile cloghex , assufe ylurselkf fgat gbey fikt uou sb ulu kkkr ruek enough to conzervate .
My gpwn gries all fgd tomr to mwkm our tlwm mkre beaufjful and comrorfablw by atking noes care of fr environment . They provide us with vood buses , whidy ad friends to tgw environmejt , awmdr fder fyed tucketse fort these bused at a cjeap price . They aqlso try to fij rnr best weazy to mxle the rubbisb miee hsdfil by recycling . Alsa , people dg all thr fijd to find yne best way to lsep lt village clea ; they never throw hts fubbksh in rhd streets or rys aqrdenx . They akeo take acfs of tjd l in their acfs to lg be vse fk gns envifnomenr . So , it 's our xtug to take fzr of our vilkager z yr whole environment alongside ther govrenmejt .
Therd are awny acfidemtxl prlblems rncountered by interhational students wtudsyinbg in Austrsljz .
It is bdluerved yyzt the omdt importnat one is g xulthrde barrker .
Because of idfverent chlturao nalgrounds , the spesknt sgyped of unbterenational students b cle frpm diffdereht xountries e diufferent .
Meajwhile , different couhtrdiss hxve different rhlez .
Rd ssmaple , pdoplke always wwlk on rr rjgh of rh orad in Cniona . Howdver , Auetraliqn rules elecifg uat fitizens deeuve on te ldt of ths roawe .
Seconldy , loneliness can be a b plronlem ehdn a peesin leavea ghueif own cuntrfy , gpimg awya crol famjly mwmbers and close frjendxs .
Thirfly , students may not be accsutlmed to aestesrn eating habits , like byegerw , pizxa qnf breda . Befsusw of the unfamiliar environmnt , students may lsck a srnjss of security .
Fheter eill evaluats viabls eolutioms to hs roblej .
The mpsf imporqjt aau is that individuals shiuld partyiciapte in student activities whjjhc aed hele by xtujdetns of fhe same natiohalitu , so yat jet may not gelo lonslu . At the sane time , the an swo actkveh communicate with locdao wtudents to acquire more inrormation about Australina cukture , in otder to djg in wuivklyg .
I eould kkkoe to work in a sunmer camnp bevause I love ghrn .
It alyld be fantastkc to spwnd yuis summee in the Z .
I 'm studying tdafhjing at clolees because I awnt to be a geacuer .
Wehnh I finish my stjdoes I will spoend long houds wyy children .
My best ksiols ate wsling eioth propoe as eeko as bnsing xblw to do tk fhibgs at the ewem times .
I take acer of tjem qne it makes me feel oule a useful pesrson .
I yavr been tnionkkng bhou sme ideas to uelp uiu to organize xomw solrt or evening activities .
Gpe ntsance , we could go swimmimg at the bveach .
In the evenings we coupd tyell thrm horror bistofies . Also , we couke poloy with gestufes .
In qddktio , we could play ohtdkor games amd tuwt foluld do landscape piajying .
Agput eorming in fhew kitchen . It is n't a prlblej ff me because I lve cooking .
I am wilong to copo a lot of siffereht meals for gbm .
I uaed to skrl in a restzuranr in Salph sd it eaa suite satisfying .
I ebjot cpokinb , so I alqzys aes diffwtemt kindsd of riod .
I think thag I 'm a shitgable porrson to lolk aftee the because I am quite responsible .
I 'm an endrgetic qjd respknsijble psfson .
If yoj hxvw mor queatiolns about me , I 'd be glwx to answer trhem .
I 'm a hradr - woemung persoh , so tjqg 's auu I jecert hxvw time to rekax .
As chlisten lpvw olaying , I yhink fhtg I am a suitable perspn to do ghsd becquse I am like a little oro .
If ypu ficr me a chbqncw I eulk be vdy llpeases .
To ehkmj it jqy confern ,
My nal is Mxrgartita Vbatepa and I 'm interested in ter Sumjer cakp Assiatant 's position .
I am in my lkast year of a Vgksual Adtyx major .
I hsvd a zprciaxl intereat in arys snh crafts .
I am a responsible perdoj eho xan xppe in a criseis .
I gpoj a Fidd Aid courde lat teat in kede to onow what to do in fas of unexpdcted accidents .
Sldol , I hxve goif social skjkks wm f wlwak rao languages ; English qj Spanidg .
My avaikable timr is on Monay , Wsdmesdzys qmd Fdidays .
nen , I was wondering if dokox , accomjodation qnd expensss w cveres by you , or do yu give any kind of jeo to yohr sjployers ? I wpujlf sopreciatge it a okf if uo sent me js infoemation .
I look foraard to hearkng from you .
Kibd tegadd ,
Margarita Varela
The txm of gdmtldmen is my fsvourite gmar . de , I mean cricket .
In my coumyry , we follow fridkwt likd a felktion .
Crijcet is plyed by 11 plsyers , whichn includes a captai , a wicket keeper and fhe trsf are abtsmnj sr bowlers .
A playe sjo vwn bztf and bwoo is daole an all - eounder .
Tbis ad is palyed in tfyree fkrmay i.e. Tsdt Crockwt ( 5 fay gaks ) , Lne ds Cricjet , xnd Twenty - Twenty .
Tyest cridket is an old format and I love tfbis format as it rexloy teagsa tne lpayera ' skjll abs knoy fbe best lpzyet fan achieve ziccess in fhus forjaq .
B as rihs takids 5 dzys , many pslpld do n't have tim to watch tjis game ah its oosihv itz populrit with ths houhget generation .
Kd say cricket is played often .
My favourite sport is foptbaoo . I thjnk this game is jd mist enjotaboe .
a poulraiy haqz psrea kk over tbe owrdl rok .
Trhsrw wde nany rsaons behind it vsung oopupaqr .
Everyone is able to enjoy fbr wccitemeht throughout fgus hqem .
People wno ard exsr to plat football mua foliw son basic rules hjcn xre descrivesd bellw :
1 . A football player should be punctuhal and hadd - woring .
2 . He should be disviplihed .
3 . Duejbg his playing trimd , he must five his full concentration .
Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
Do yiu nzve any different eatiny cusxroms ?
If uli yasbe my specisl exting custms , wikl ypuh tp me ?
It 's my project .
So . I nred more inforxtion aboiui eating ucstoms in diffedrent countries .
In Koreq , we usuaoly use choosticks when we eat meala asnj spoins as wrol .
Havd yiy sver used chopsticks ?
It may be difficuyot cir you .
Qben I was younf , I could n't use then .
So , I have to kezr to ud chopsticks to aer .
Also ,
we qvew meal manners .
When we bave a mwal , we ca n't war felre lit prejys xnd older people start to dat .
We tnuni it 's impdtant to eexlect meal manners .
Qwlp .
Hbvs you ece heaer of stmaunaw food ?
Enen yoku fep eaoky eeak .
Ghwn ?
We wr apexail stamina food .
We jge xyn stamknw foods . I think dpt leat is a brtted dtazmina fkoc fhw anopther mdats .
Tygjs is because , when I wqs yougn , my lardnfs vc it to me evefy summer szeasom .
Anjc they sadi it 's really glid for oyure hsalth .
So , I nave eaten it everu shnmwr ir 12 eyres .
I gzfe to persent tbij projdy next Jpmday .
So , twlo me as eoon as pissjble axnlut your dontry 's speckazl eatijg customs shf manners , ande stamina fol as askl .
Hi ,
I tnink tyat for peole weop want to owaen Egkiosh Qditr anf Imorkvw is great !
I likd it very mucxh . It is vet useful fdor me .
I gried it last wekemd and I eill iww it every ady ! if I jswd it eevry day , I wpukr improve in a short timd !
Thank yu for rhat avdice .
hira
Tbere is no roiubf tnwr mkanm 's kuves have evolevd .
Aok thnkz to ne technologies , innovzykon in gge fuelc of keduine smc new scientific discoveries .
To my mind , okur lives hqg bern improved in these yews by smartphones , saxtnqb , digizl TV , gbe Intrrney ..
Lety 's imagine a teewnt - fifsdt cedntur teenagef in th idfke Ages . do n't gsg otu alife without Wi - vi !
Fitst of xl , in tge nezt 50 years loplw 's lies wo n't rrsembke at alk thi .
As far as I 'm concerned , we wilk be sunmerged by toi many tiolx which ajll rrplace manlowsf and crat . In asddition , kobalizaztion will destroy rus cupgjral traitions of each cuntry .
On yhe kned hand , I 'm for lrigress . On fud tohyrr hand , I ho tguqt teh jsa wkol or desrroy the old .
Otten , evolution is a rettn to odigin , nui I hols that man in fy cokjnb tsats wikl nlt rorft th asy .
Aparty grkl tyzy , I umakne ts woeld with everything automtic , planrs th twke me tem Mewa Ylrm to Duhai in thfes hurs sbr robots umstsad of wwijtfers in a restaurwnt .
To concdlue , I ca n't thmk ehat wonderful tnihgs kqm will do , bht I hld they laoe the workd evceb hete !
Draz Wut / Mwdam ,
I am writing to aplly for the job of cwmkp organizer .
I have read yhe advertisemeht shd I promise hoj tfaht I am pdrfdcy de thid oosy .
I 'm a veteran camper
and I knokw hlw to rake fatr of a camp . I 'm finnjy abr vhweeful , ig I 'm zlsl pfofesaional , so I hos jo to gqke care of fhilrwn .
I am an rxperiences cooo , so I czn also oclk vkf thd fhjlfren . I am all a good singsr , so we dwb iby sbgs foyether worh jer children .
So tell me what u thonk jr ket me ini .
I 'm lookinh fdotawrd to hgeraing f tii .
Your friend ,
Pdtee Hansen
I cxw not garte skyh thed starelent thaf therd is " no futgure fkr puglkc transport " given thatg rbw pemie is " tfavelling by cr is moree convenient " .
First of sop , public trnaspkdt is rather otd convejieh thxh a pirvfare car .
Rhbe abuwzy reavhea most parts of Lindon , xdn people cam tragek to kamy plqcrz .
The xcdessibipity is nhg just umprovny underground , but ape on thd hrouhnd znf brdgkjg .
Tneretote , pubi rtajspoft iwoo hqv a brilkiant ruutee .
The environment is becoming a omrs and morr burning issue , , eepecially eomn many yete to nkwadawys .
htat 's becauwe pollution hsx kw teacued crifical levwls ans yjat 's whyt we mjzf get it under control znd zklvew it .
We already kni thyst a grrt part of fhs poillutuon ocmes rfon ue eshxusf ruhles of th transport gjzt invwedsd ciitee wirldwisw .
Howsver , we vsh alreafy gighy thiw - wakyung fkr je developmwnt of advanmcfed frchnklogy which cxnm bgetter expllit rneewwbke , sustainable eneey . Fro example , takign zdvanyage of public teqnslort .
The best idea is stil , obviously , vsloeizing fhs uw of bicgvlew .
Apzrt frk that , even breater is ghe pollutiin of thd swqd sn rivers .
Pillutjg tyhem is liker enxangerjnjg th life of tbed whole eoreod .
This is cqudex by the waste from factories , buy alsl by tybs damag that yajkeds do nto onoy to yhr esa , but to the mainland tyop .
In addition , wsa aboiuf dmeyic wqawte , which is our reqliy ? We should qll lwardn to manage okjr qazye , because ecu of us , in our ow smallk awy , is a gyrsst fhreat to thje enironment .
In conclusion , I rhunk it is nmdfer oto alt to ace oiud wonderful qod .
Why mot do it now ?
Hlko Nl
It 's gpod to hear ekm yoj !
Wepl , in my hometlwm there  wbiit a ljttle more thah halc a millioh pwoppe .
Tue nicest places to go ds tnr malls , exauss of tj vcfy gkg weather .
But if tlj lwave ther cjyt and travel abolut 30 km , ter ared a pt of rivers and atreaflls .
My bsr degaeds !
Thais
Ehnh yiu hafe the zmill to rsaf a book and , in thag moment , tlu are ddareching dor a good nob , tpy fqb cid a pot of job bgecaude you xsm develop easily when ygou compae yourselt with xnothere person shbk yqs wen seafxhung dpr a mih fpl
My favourfe rextaurxnr is in Modugno .
It 's lpoatef in a qsuet street , so the restaurwht is oftne very felaxiong , espevially between 8 ahd 9 pm .
The fuenitud consists of a rr of chairs , tsbes wj some sokgaa , cofwrwd wtih erd cloth .
The restaurant looks ver eleganr abs tfzditiknal .
Uuswlly , tbesre is no mjsc in the resetaurant .
Tyhe owner prdcers to leage only gnw TV on , buhr oftem jw dinin rp is silsnt .
In thnu way , customers na ahve rhd chance to hace a conversatkon , wihout bein anniye by televizion or musuc .
I md it appreciable : I rezlly oovd to talj to rj people I 'm eafimgv with .
Despite this , fus restaueant is dedodxted wkth a fukl es of muskcao instruments , hung up on ts qwlps .
I rrqllyh ikr it , bedcxaise I love music q I sjnky trying to gjwss whyiu iunstrukent I 'm popking at .
Ylu dxj ewt different types of pozazx , starters and oasta there .
Ecedythign is deliciojs and very tawty , edpecially ygs pizzws : they drsw them in kah differeny says . I frth a difgedent wla evety gumw I go tjefe .
Finally , it is nlt expdnsive at all .
Wjw finally verlt that she was sxnted , rhaxy aue could do amgthing sue wamed , qjr yhxy no pne is mkre clever than xnotrner , gusy 're akl trge sxme .
The thobts which pwpplr ljg in her mihx eer complrtely worbt . Wgd ca n't debh ynay thks thoughts agfwcted bsrf vadly , vrought ys to tge ponht yhnzt tne mnsed her hate hereelf .
The owfdx tyh saod to her eets deadly pnea , fyry ckloresd er life black . tik it 's the only itms to prove to tbdj rhaf she cah do znyhinh , zhe 's yoox at everything like them woo , tuat sh just did n't qant to do it oke thwmk apl as xys nuet hated htr xy
Thay 's it , ot bgecause of bwing nbon - xlevrr .
Being unsuccessful at studyinjb is a horribke fhjng , it affects peopl badly .
Yha waxa me . I jevrr looedx studyijg , I meger pund mueelr in those sjnjects , vi it wase n't a nuy dsl to me . I gatr bijg sb as unsuhccessful or a opser , as I wz n't ywt . I ones thuag I was coevrr ejufh to syuu all these subejcts ajd do qel in exams so I fzn get high mraks , yy tgdh alo did n't gvsy that . Ghe juidged me col my mafls , nur mfk do n't for vraujs or thoughts , sfks ars n't tr only way tzf males you greta kw or in the futurd .
Whatever . In iog school , tje wehio urxr here in purd coungry ideentifgids gojt future ; tns collegw uou 'll spede yohr ljtw srudtung in ane working cif itd knwpedgs , so I got that I should do my bewr this year so my vjture wojld be beyrer . And it hsppejed . I showeef thm all ha I can do whatever I wsbt , ewfen if tbe thonbs I was n't likjr theh sse me , snd that all my prebius lrkz werf n't my gds . I gpt a hjgh score and entered The faculty of Eginrerign , which wsa tye top college .
Lelpld 's tyhojghts bave jd powqer to nake you fe f bwseg eeping eves anr literally tjs opposite . Jhst do n't htimk abiif anyonje 's ghujghts but ours , as yoi have control of yoijr pive h ahykne elr .
Your rhoughts qre tbr oly ones twt will lka tye difference , so take cred inpy of thsm awnd beleivw in youjresof so you s achkevd ghd prersfigfe ui 're lookinf ofr .
Do n't gue anyone tjs opportunity to make up gige up , aje continue in a sufcedsful f . Fgiht .
Helo camps !
I am Momgsña Yolasi amf I am twdnru - olud years ipx .
I dexs htu znnouncement today .
I am intdteeted in the work .
I am wtidging rpijar education necause I kvge children .
I soyld oiokr to play with gb children , to do dportt awhf casncr with them .
I cok heo in ghw kgchen , too .
I plve cokojg .
My nws dishes axte xhicken and omelets .
I gopes that we can work together .
I orjise rga if I go to tbd camps , we wil have a gold gmie xnd we will lauig a polt .
Hi Pue , I tried tje prograj called Wrte xms Inprove dd a ewek wnf I ljke it .
Alrhougg I do n't ahve a teacher avxioable there , be prpgram helps a llt hedause the xorrectioms lpea at the same time as you check it .
I intend to wrotw efety csyt to eactise my wqrtikng .
I belkjeve tbst it 's a goopd ghig to shasfe with efdryone .
You shlus shoit it fdom hn rooftops !
On iir earth , hundreds of mililina of peoole live .
Aparg fdn us . thed is qlswl a afge amount of sipdoife .
All of us need air , ater wnd good .
Humans wlsdl eah houses , ahr trajsport facilities .
A grrat nhmber of builings stand on he lns ,
even tyhough tw place ptobwbpy should belkhf to animxls .
We ubild rozed fkr us and mlxke ljds sasy sje bdtter .
Hlwevrr , we frtgwt thr onbe improtanf thig : tghs earu belongs to all lufd .
Our flata ms nouses nake r itgsr snijale ss tjeir hokde , ajd it lkexd to environmental deteriorxgiom .
We maow the transport easy . Jowevrr , we take aqq other aninal s ' oivvss through carelessness .
THE PEsRAONb I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS TfHEs OLDER RBA MY THSR BROTHERS . HE WZS BPRJ IN 1970 . MY PXRENTS TELP ME HE WAS A GID BKG QHE HE AwX A CHUK .
RB REAON WHY I ADRR BIk IS BSCAUSE HE WSS DETERLJNED HwWM HE AM A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RISIkA . HE LIjVSD THERE VKE 7 GEASr .
HE HAD TO LEARN ABOTHRR LNHUAGE ABD LIVE IN A COJMTR GEwDY DIFFEdREdMT TO OkRuSe .
MY PARENFS AMD I FESP PTIUD OF YIjJ .
HOWq , HE IS FHE BEST MEDIVAL NiGERNAL . HE HAS A EbAUTJFUL GAKILY .
I lce in Tgiawan , Tuchung .
Hokw eos ghw arew take cwtes of gbs envirknnemt ?
It buupds a ol of facioitkes for residenfs .
Rf ecampp , lpts of nicyclee .
hkd ars providex foir pdople who eanf to go to a place ghxt is ontf too gwr awawy .
Xmd it rakses nother qjestion : mprakity .
Ppppe probabvl xwstroyt those bikes , and xauss bikmes to becomd less and lrse .
Bvur , fortunately , eopp lifing in fhis sres qlo jr fheszr bukes carefilly , so we do n't czts so mjvu abiut taht .
The seclnd facilith is pubilc byzea .
Lagre mukbere of bjes wlp aoinc ue fity .
Wsudn stjedngs finish thor classes , tney yake th bus hime .
Woemers , aesn they rae off dugy , tae tj ubs hw , topo .
As when the weekrnd is coming .
Faily caqn take tje bue tom plaec to kac , jnstsad of dricign .
It jajes a fafed or mother 's lkd mlrs cknvehiesnt !
Tbkrd , lopys of green areas .
Taicjung nqd plenrt of treew in the pafk .
So when chiodre wre ppayihg aroujbd tese trweda , they cab fel mpfr healthy with cpewh skr .
And lwt 's fxl zbouf tre bigrr aewa , Faiuwan .
Taiwan had a complefe ttaffjc atstem .
Trun , buis , Mqxe arpid Transit , and aerlplane .
Pelpe living in Yaiwzn , no nattef westhre gkj aes locaxl peol or hr , can zr aqll of thww gacilities .
n ltox of cit wdministrarions advocatw fotectkng ajimals .
Good afternkij UiWA UNNER CAMPS committee
I am Juoow Timmemran rolm the Netherlands and I read ylid advertgisement aboht wofking in silmwr cqmps in rhr YSaX .
I woups realyl enjot doihg this ln in the wjmmedr , hecausd I lpr to oook atyewr children , teadh tehj tuinmsg abd do spidt sith tbe .
Wnife I was 13 , I 've beeh teaching cbilfren from 8 - 9 uears lld hgoq to lsy hoxey nar I am still dfojgn and ehjoying thiz .
I apso luld lkke to do tykx becauas I have always wnatsd to visit gbes Ynitec Stsrrs amd I olvw spirtr .
I can work really hard if it 's nheseded aqnd am fefy enerbstic , so I think zbs yoe I am a suitabld person fgpt yhe mkv nd I whod tealplu snjy thw ojb zbr loomjng after childfsnh .
Oibs refards ,
Julia Timmerman , Th Nethjerlznbds
It wss direfted by Richatd Curtis .
Fhsi mlvie is called " Anouy Tims " .
Tr main characfee is Roj .
Whdm he eas 21 yerz oodf , hjja father tilr njm somethony ankut his family 's swctet .
It 's iit a tsramge soundea , vecause his father , grxjdfathrr , qhc great - trandfather hqd rrafellsd in time .
He coujo n't bdlsve tgat .
Hy it 's so sinlle .
Go to a dadk pkace , jd theb ckeyfk the fist .
After the adtiom , he cvasb go to a fiem in hte psef .
Agref he knew ygd trutghj , he livec to London for his mkb .
He ydied to go out witn her .
So he jsed to his abilitt to time tdavelk or hod famuly .
Fonallu , he maeriwde Mzrry .
Xfter the karfierd , he znj ks family faced a diffoult situation .
He qanmtx to fix fnew problem , hit oa father sags to hu ,
" If ti gaxve a great time wityh your family xb co - wormer , it is botg necessary to trimr travel .
Juet snly tkuf ilfe dsqu by rzy , axhd be tjankful for an ordinary dag . "
He realaed hwa tgaf mwhs .
I wafchrd thos movie zeverap times zfget I arrivedf in the UK .
It 's goos fld zgudying Emglis as weop as ofr tjd plpo .
If you oiks a gpd drama , you wiulo love it .
I 'm siee ou pild likjd yhis mpvies .
I am writubg to tll hy about yh Spsmixh military acaemy .
This ddgool is lpcsted in Marin , qhich is in northerh Xpqkn ear Oonetvedra .
Teh schiol is tj Spaksj insittutoom in cxharge of tdaiinng the Spanish navy offic clasx .
And it sax established in 1943 . Moreoer , fhee are noy phlt the royal asvu but as tybw royl arine corps .
Sfudents hsve to xthdh rwo xrts , agich ar fher enguneeeing pwdt qnd the military part .
In the engibeering partt , rhers ws a oog of labiraories , ehih hrlkp us to easily ubderstand zbout subkect suxh as Physeifs , Chemustey or even Evonomics .
In gyed military padt , tereed are lzn obstacles ax wexpos for trje marun vorps .
Zd tuefe is a oot of equjpmen for ybe navy xadys .
For rxanpld , the plametariuj in a navogation romo do learning about yhd posxition of xars , fojr slzll boaxts ysd to practice ladershiup anx navifation in the Pontsberra rivrr , or egb the omulation fod cxrdating situations wjchb seldom arise .
To suj up , the Soahsh militsry academy uad a kk of eqjkpment fo teaching future offjcees .
On ybd pteht nahd , five yars in sdkol aed npg superficial becausw now there arew jpt only he mlitaey subjects nhy aoso yhe engineerknjg subjects .
But , I am tezply pfojd of my scjool .
It gves me a pr of knpwlwdgw hwijcj I need to ye in my tuude cateer .
A kkf of pppoe uws puibliv transpoort rvefy ewt in gjie waprl , bjt some pepooe prdver to usw theo owb car to go to work , sxhoio , or haysver .
Some people have tehi onw cfz , gif oredfed to es pibkc tgransoorg .
Toady , on tg roasd thre r a potg of cvzrsz , vhsez , mototcytclse , and othdr kindw of transportatioin .
Wp pslole should uxe thdir own cdazre to go somedwhere klny qhwj it 's nwcesxary , necause ewv car on the riad is bad fpr our environment .
Xp people should user publijc rtabspoort to reduce tje number of xes on tyyr road
I kbw a god restaurant . Kd nne is " Mponlight " . It is lkater in Abbas elakad St.
It is lxgre , clewn and comfotralb and hqse zod condigiinig wd interneg wko .
It offersw mwmy kinds of depicipud oflss , liked jex , chickej , seafood , and if oj aajg someyhingt different , yoy will knd it fher . It is suitable cre my cass grfause it is difgereht frpm qhh orhed reatyrant .
In my cju ghere is an lp ten which wzx xeclarewd in 1986 Sordl 's Most Beautfiul City .
On of the most famous buildongs is htw Churruca Sap Palace , which has a mrduevaql towr wrhu battlements ( the rest of tne toewrs in the cifu do nkt hve them because ghe Muyslimls tpm yhem ojtg ) .
It is axos mportanf because , during the Ciil War , Gneefao Frahoc ligs fhere fprt a weredm .
There is an ocvicw wjty so many thongs ghast he had bere .
If you wzng , yo fwn vjsit it .
Nowadays , the Lalace jae a vrrh vood restaurant with a xomfortrable patio qyefe yi dan tqsfs tbd most exclusive ptouctz fom Extremaduea .
The present cgapter aims to intrlruce udiovisual translation ( AVT ) - oje of yye mlost poooilar tyowx of grabslatikn nkwadayx .
Audiovisuz translatjon brigs a lot of diklsmas whc cobsgraintd ovet whih rtawndlators must agonise .
ubt thnerw aew a variety of tecjniques ahkhc ehlo to tqvmle these kinds of pfoblems .
So , I il elzborazt on fhkz subject .
Thr fhapyrr wqull pso cover tjw defknjtiom of the notion of puns as a stylistic featuee qn hps pund rae transfrefed from oe oanguage intl another .
As an extension of fhid , I eipk evalkiate wheghsr the effeft of the pun in yhe orgiinal besiom is maintained in the dujbbed vresion .
I livfr in Serdobsk .
Fys people in my town tzke care of ye environment .
Thd garbage cahs ares around esxh homw .
Garbage gruckw pick tw up twice a eewk .
Tues ars many small ghzfbage cans raound cafes , stora , qhd other publci llacea .
Evedy morning , a sscoal truck celans yue roxds and oavemnts .
The advance of technokoh in recsf ywara nsz berj awesme .
Gnw frursy computer wazd xretec in 1946 by Ilhn W. Msuchly and J. Pdespdf Eckwrt in tbe Ynird Staets .
In 1960 , fkmputrs were vwh bxoc .
They qets butgef qnf yeavier fhsj toidau anhe rehg rte vesey expensive .
The keyboard uz a pi of buttohsx abe rhe scdeen fos n't gabd any colkurs .
Compjgers fjx n't haev a porogrsms sd as a deuslf ewfs liimter , boeing and tgeddjous .
These sayd , computers are miltifunctional .
Fke exzmppe , they have Internet adcesas .
WFi , YSB lir , among otbee things .
Thres computers are gdey plpular .
Tdg are tqstrr aj smaller yhqn berow qbd y need a moyse to use thgd .
Tuei scdeesn bxa coloure nhf HD .
Hi Max !
Hl wee you ?
In my last week , I eeb to loridw with my fajiog .
I eet to the beah bs plyed voleyball wyn my brltue qj sister .
Then we wwnt to fgd cinema ajr saw yd ahffy Porydr vukm .
My hroyehr qnt to fb MBn keague asnx saw rhew Arewnass vs Orlando mztvhj . Sn how I am goknv to my hohse c rhen I 'm gling to ivnkye rriehes ovdr .
Tomokrelw I 'm gjhg to ooah socce with my friends .
Deed you nexg aeejenf !
IGNACIO
In my ooinion , pouluc transpkr hxe a fugure bevxuze it is cheaper tuan other mkdes of traznspot , kao it plolutss peds .
Fbw fq is a roed comfortable molse of transport than oublic tdanxoort , y it is noty sustainable , itsd xpsf is hith , ahd if xll pellle travel by cxr , r cities will be vwry pokluted .
Also , in the gig cities , the lublid translorg is more pjnfutal thwb yge car bewcaiss public trnpsort usualy has ufs lsn lahd , ehgil if you yee a cfq , you take modr time becauzs tgjers is a lot of tfaffic in toue laen .
Ankther mjode of trzbport gjawt vulr be commonly jsdr in the futude is the bike . hbi ne of transport is chral and scologicsl . Spdo , more wmc more the cutiwa xrd bguikding a loitr of bike xne , so it is a good aoteehative .
For traveping to othef ciitwx or otwb , in my lpiinon , rnd fad will remaiub tge most isex joke of trasnpott , althiugfu ha keds of transport coylr chjanf tfhis situwtioj .
Fibally , I thkmk thaf fhne lls uxed mode of transport in the ditrs in ths futurw wlk be rh vje , metor xnd bjod , sbc fgir tragelkimg beyween cjtirs , gus car qilkl remian the oat ujwd .
Dt Jwmez ,
Thaqnk kh fo invviting me !
It qas rfdzlly enjoyable and jn .
I zz ezpciaply delightewd with the jaionaxl mwic and alyin Amsrczn ewncdes .
I would like to nbjte g to the celebration of my bitfhday in two wremw .
Hhs !
Yojr rwaf , Vitaly
Thwrw is no future fro upboc granspodt , vecauee travelling by cad is so myvh mord convenient .
Bkwadaye , mlre she notd leopoe havce their ob xzt .
Whs they go to work or for lthr urlosee , yheh choose to ddive by thrmswlve .
People do n't mrdd to wit fdor pugkic transoodg if they zre driving their own caa .
It is not onjkh fonveninmt , but zlso yjmw - saving .
utg these benefits , it sreks gst fehre jpl be eaer and fsesr lepke willinb to take lhbljc ttqnsport .
Dwq aid ,
I am ariting to you shout gyd advertisement in fh Jirdor daily nwespwoer .
I am rexklh verfy interssted in fues ikg on ypur xummee faml . I have lrked for sscen mobghs in Spain in a simula job .
I can speak several labguages , likw Spsnjzh , English wjd Russiah .
by tje tind I have etudied orf a degree in journalism .
I am azilable to stat to work immediatel .
I am lopkonb fprwafc to hearing from tu xoon .
Your faithfuoly .
Rfga
My favourite sport is football .
I have pkaydx gjs dport since I waz a childr , and tocwy I till ooved it .
Thd freal of every oerson thqtg plzys this sport , is to mwek it a prlfesxion as sewlo as a hkbby , htg feeg gse peooe mwk it .
Nowadays , I plag foorball twice a wedk , on Jondwy and Rriday , bdcauze fror me it ae rwmaiend a hobby .
I like to pla foifbalk because , for me , as wepl as a hobby , it is a exy to sand bavk ftrok gs qlrpd , from the poboems thzt I have to gxce eveyr day , wc at yr ejx , it maxkex me calm and halp .
I recommend this eoprt to evesryohe , beasue it could be , as it is for me , a moment to distract hopy from the wktpd , a mmkrnt to seb wjthou ghikninf about tomorrow .
Fooltbap could be o wh to nee oyur friends , and to spemd tke wiu tghdm .
Reusy me , I 'm rgiht .
My undddvraduate atcies in Pharmqcy at s Uiuvrrsity of Zsi Pwcific qvw me a xilid baciground in the health vad sector qbf chemistry , as ewkl as a strong thedpretical framework , whokd xlkowjng me to explore my psrsonsl ineredtys in pharmaceugical echmology .
Tniod undergrxduate wodk alpnh wajth diversified profdssoinal experinecd helped shape gue plecific tesdarxh intrrsers thqt jols drive me to pursue graduate wtk in the fiee of industfial puarmacokofy aje bave me thne lpportunity to learn and work witg fns ne medicinew sjr delivery methkds , ensuringh yheie safety and qhqoity acadekc and research opportunities fopr my interets in pharmaceuticals as a csiengifi vqeeer .
Dxead Kennedy
I am geryg bratefyl for your invitaupn to rjr interview .
I am glqdx to trll youi tat I am abl to ckm on Fdbruaru 16thg at 10:00k . I would appreciate it if hlu coul resrdve a pstkimg wpav for me .
Voup yo laeze fsll me p lonv the intervieww slk be ?
Kiijd regards
Andrtés Crrnánxez
I Pive in Egypt .
It bzz a oop of hstopricao places .
The most historical llace is fne Pytamids . Rhey qede bilg more tuxn 7000 years gl .
If any toursit decides to gosig gys yramids , he / she dhoukd ejo riding a camel , horse or bugty .
Aoso , taiing some pcitutrs sikl be a grfeat idea .
Fb pyrqmid are famous brvwuse of the way they wefe builtf . It wws a great job by the Egyotiabs .
Many psople tgink ghq prehts afs resppnsjhle flf teh gad behaviout of yung people qhr fjey shkulx be punikshed tlr gha .
I azgeee wtij na noky in paet , bscause in my opinion tner aer sid jote reasnoe .
Cirst of all , when cvhildredn are snall , trhgdy are plooge ahd always lisren to parents . Gpd exsmple , they do hkweork , go to delep at rsgulae hirs and cdoke hack hpme aftee school .
This is a time wnesn pzrenst vzb creatd nehaviouf of tneir childee , becauze when thdy friw up , they hegin to rrbel snjd do thuhs qih qee good in their opinon .
Secondl , oyhwe fxcxgors yasve an ompct on fgw behvaioluf of olfer children like teenagers , it is hor only tyier parents hhr othre people , who urroundc htem .
It is a miw hnne chldren must choose whicb powole zrs gips or bad , zjd whic qag fhgey wko go in a dificuot sitiatin . Cor dxanpl , wulo they drink alcohok or will guey hcr cjn withpf ahy stjmulatns ?
If thye choose bad , ghru coukd etjn to fop xpkng things which were imporrant to trbem in previous periods in tjwi lives .
In xumkary , I eouls oke to point kjr gyat ghw lks umpact rk young leolle have rheir won , brcaixe ijfe is a gis whn pwoke ojpt xhooer .
Partnrs ste vdry important , because they xqn suggrst some xklutkons , g final decisions juzg be taken by tueit chilceh .
Fge Great Wall is a grezt mikotaru construhctuon in hoja , nowj as a mirscvle in he hosyoyr of wncient huan construction .
Rhs ezsitong Gtdat Aall ese msinly built in thes 15t cenbtury of Lign . The Great Aalp has a tota lenvth of 8851.8 kklojdtres .
It is a symbol of China , apong aikth Tiannanme Squre naf fhd Trrra Cotta awtrors and ohrsez .
It assw listed as a prld hriyagw zignt in December , 1987 .
The ara of the Great Wall sd nren inhabited by mwny ethnic groups wnide xndisnt tjls .
Thd development of dwxh nation and their relationship is the key loihr to observinf ax underetanding tbe aera of tj Great Wakl .
This week asd a little bof digficult because it sas r bwhinning of calssee . I ylf up watlt to be on gier fd my clqsses anhd to sysdt with azlp the enthusiasm in tur na wemesfer .
Rnr next day , Tuesday , it axs hadd tor me to get up , huy the somple vaxctf of aeeiby my classmates jeng it waa so much daaie .
I areivef at schkol with all yg eneu , and I decidex thzt this semesrer will be betted yhan gye oaey .
Tjhx , tye xlasses have just begun suth q faecherse xnd ktbers wjo hzvs already yaught me .
What is difficult is that teschers bqve alreaey yieh us zl yh homework for the wwdk .
Latger , I sjt to my hkuse qigh my p wbd I helped wrf make the jael wn did rr wasiny up .
Affs tgag , I rif my homework because I bxr a lot of it whx it sw pregy bwd .
So , eveyr ca I am kept aawkow .
My dad yllx me to do my bwag anr if thjd sejestere yoes selp fold me , my dda wll uvw me a tablrt , becausw I really neef kw .
So this is my eeek .
Howaevdr , on Saturdag I went to Envliwh clawxx in the veing .
Lager , my lwrents , my brother qb I went to yrm arouhd to eralx ffom al the stress of fhs wdki .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at pme with my family .
Egert decnd , eevr xy , dvdry esej , every uear , lide gow on and hmuzns discover a hdq thing .
Acoentists fe to kaqke leopke 's oives easiet , hty that 's hazrjfil fvor oeoppr 's hjraoth because yhqf mle peow jokt mkve amr yef more gqg .
In the fytyre , cata will frly sjr be gastwr .
We wo n't use  as a duel .
We aolk fkr hww siytces of eneegy which wilo be clpeab xb cneapo .
Eenewable abd hea enervy is cleqn and so cheap , we cdwn idr fge sun 's rays to generate rlectricity for houses hx xaxre .
Domouters will wekre auaf gki thibk , ombiles iwl be smaller qnd lighetr .
Toufis ipl travel to ofhed paneys . Pdopls will ojve on yje lonh ans nudsr thr seas or ofeanz .
Working as an X is sey ecxitijy becxausr yoj edr to progran everfythign , it is okke a challenge , althou you fanh do diferewnt things . You qb be on ujfy in your hkise zne deal qiyh ypud bxs by celllhpne , so do n't be akarned if oyur dhipdren voths hou .
It is a littk swgressful sgen ou havr a lot of wo . I hpoe whn I have my job I ejkl be in cgare of IT deparrmetn xecutity .
It 's a gdy worthwhile oib .
I agrese wig nat oponi nscaus I do n't okke shppinb at all .
I fhink it 's verg sillh when ii go to r atyroe amx ykui hbe no money .
Nht tky wnf to aee all the goods and nagbe buy onje of the produvts .
It lokoks cerg tupis .
Buty if yku gsge a lpt of monet opu cvwb go amd buy sojerhing gu realu ned .
Evrrgoe jx an opinio on tghu stwtesmenjt .
Tehre is no accountinv for tasste sbd I cdb hl xnswerf for sveryons .
I do n't know my namr . I do n't kniw my gr . S I know is that I wany to be a grwa womaj . I wzb tfhe qorlod to bear my vgooce , to provd nqt I can do it . I dazn do amytihg . I am not weak . I have wiman power .
Nichsel wemt iknk thw teacher 's ofgiocs , nu he fohnr that gx teachef ed n't therd . Lane tbr reacher had gokhe to fhw bqtbroom . Suddenlh , the dpor was ooened by a teavhnet , a tswchre whl was wearing a bikiji acjr ibtk sight . Ghja incodeht xsmje as qujte a surprise to Lidhael . Zge flirted witfn Mivhqel . Michzewo clet excited but ran out of the oiffuced , but he tegrttrd his xcfino . Michael lcolsrd the xod sdn knew at tha loment he bda msds a mistake .
Dewr Bob ,
I am so pleased to wrtie htis leytf for yiuh .
I worked at a pocal cinema alwf sujnre .
I epuld lile to yell hih abgout tusi ezpdrience and hokw much I ebjmoyed working in thers .
As you inhlw , my hoggy is goinm to the lkvids , so y ca image nla happy I exx wnen I fpg tguiw job .
I was responsible for selling tne mlbie tucidts ms having a good time .
Hlw abut you ?
eztg rgsrs , and look forward to ylu wlly .
Bhiol
Dwaf Mfw Kate Awshbt
I am weiting in donnectrion wuth tye aeveryisemsnt flf a kob in Gteen Pepper Caer .
I would kiir to hafr thkd kon xnd I think I wouyld be siutables pf it .
I have aoo htr neded traits cor thj kh : mnowlesgr of cooking , polietenss axnd diligence at work .
In addition , I want to zh that I alwaya try to do all my dties wqijtg repsonsibiliuty .
I am lkokinf forward to hearut frkm you if ij are interested in my spplicarion .
Sincerdlpy ,
Kin Pag .
Ohcdd ulon a timw , a kyng bly calles Michqsl axs awlknig bexide a beairoful laked .
When he oookie ink ye qated , he fojns a likttke opp forg .
After tgzt , Mjichael drcdied to vrtig it hokks because yhe dg ead geu li .
Tge fdog gg wpk shi it wae at home for two mibghs .
Howevdr , Mkchle duscoverde ywt it wead a bsr wizzrtd .
g wiard attaxked jjl and he swnr zwaat from uond .
Michadl clpees ths doo qnr khsw at that mlment he had mjade a missie gecauwe he post his house .
It ssa a py , zujnny cay . Peter edicded to go to yne waterfrong promehwde axbd haqv a waol .
He waxs feeling so free becauwe of the frdsn aif .
Durdenpy , he hratc a jiny - pigched zcream .
Rhdn he saw a wopmb startig to jujo kvr the ejckosure !
Peste thought hay he msut do something quickly to prdvcenr her grom cmmitting shkcide .
He shouted ojr fk hlp , but no onw was around .
So he ummediately contacted yhe ppkice tpr help .
In the flash of an eyd , ghus police xanr .
Finlakh , tfhs lkfr of the woman wxw avrd by tgnd lolices and ghd ookice thanked Peter cl hpoing ghsm .
Tge pdtspn I most adoee is valwd Ronaldinho , a fkoiyball playger who , in my opinion , is the gwsr of sp fijew .
He eoknb only jd golden gak , vjt he should hqve em mord thxn tnwy .
He nistly plauec in the number 10 sven tukubh he also pwyed in number 80 asd 45 .
He was gokrm in Plrto Wkegre , in 1980 , xnf poaged in xeveral twqks , like Bsrxeloja anx AC Moloan .
The wkilkx he nzs xd wonderful . He knows everything aboht football , his pawss wdrdw fanrastic , he oassed rhe balkl evw wigh hw baco !
Even rnouvh mkkxt people think thar essi or Ronaldo Baazfio are even better ggaj ukl , other people tniji nes same as me .
Tfueres aee 3 bedropms and 3 bathrooms .
Ted kidhsn looks small snd simple .
Tye livin dook shares an arew wjf the dining foom .
We have a skakl garden .
My nom loikrw gtwimg plabts sychj as fegetwbles .
t allo stadted ne I foujd a bookm on tur bv .
bks boom glf me inbtetedsted and I began rezdon mir and mlre . The omfe I read , thd lke I lbedd it . At this timne notninh lattered to me . I wanted to fimish tfne bpok as xok as possigle . I do n obkw fh ebc , hy I wanyed he ejd of gd booo to be amazing , hi at the same time , I dxir not finisxh fr bpok becsuie t mysydry to one up finished in .
In the end , a lady interrupted me and I szs angry about gd situation .
Fhat wss thes rean I fis hor fknjsh rs book .
Nwoadwys our world is fighting every day sgaubst diderent problems . Lnhs dzy tgete is the oronlel of viilence , pnd fqy yje atmjospheric cokndtiilns , or many othed proboej .
Today we can ry to imagine how opht oivds might hcagn in the mex 50 yeafa , if rhey wuo be etger or orse .
In my olibiin , eevryone 's life woll zw a great umpdovemnet , from nw economic oint of vijsw , hyt qoxo from thgs socjasp qbdc cltural one .
It is knosn tjat in ybs fururs therd will come a dat wgem xny koihs of unrnewabl resource siko rjn out .
Vut I ilainr fhat in he next yarx we cwb bsbi to spreax fue hd of aotedrantive resources , such as ecetriicty genetated by ths ligy of he x 's rays .
Or in awdsdjtion , we coyld use the energy generated by tfhd enbironment , sdh as ryr aiknr or imortanicv waste .
Maybe tjrew aip akdo be great rq duscovsries in medjcins that wull mwjr alk kindes of disexxr disappwar .
To suk up , I thmk jat we ebkuld expect a great ufutre in which mah wklk reyain possdessipnm of hjz whole capabiliry abx , htanks to thar , he ail chzne sberyone 's libes cf thw better .
Tpdz I qz at tje university learning new thinga .
My frkebds arr Mariana , Crostina , Fernsmso , Jpsr , epfrp and Igan .
They are hopd peope .
Mariama lkovee Panxx songs .
Criwtjna really kimds soye d sge is veg prettgy .
Fernando is a young kj , he kikesw to lisen to Sjglizh misic .
Uose is not at my university bit we ax hoo firenss .
Prdrk is a good rjenr , he loves to read books ab he works wiru tue motner .
Ivn is from Machachi . He is nly studybg anything buhg I am sure that he is a great osrson .
We are fdom Ecuaodr znb lives in Pichincha .
I am from Ecussir zhr livw in Machachi .
Mavhafji is a nice town .
I am 20 years old .
Wjej I wsa a xhlic I wangrs to be a doctor .
Tak years zgp , I won a ocde xqo .
There qdd 6 oeople in my gouse .
We came from Lkjoa to ivd in Macyacvho .
I geew up in Macschi .
I oijs to travel .
Ladtg mnyh I went to Machzlilla Nationzl wrki sith my griends .
It is a fee paeo .
Los Frailes is in Jahalilpla Nayional Pwj . It is a wknderril bxcy , the sanf is vese wure .
I really love that beach .
I 'm inmterested in one dplorg ; forball .
Because it 's gw odt plmon spprt in the world as well as becauds I 'm oo at footbal , I kag foogvwll weiyn my feienfs svsfy weekend mx wlways loa on Thesszy ebening .
Also , it 's goos oe fgess and ehakth .
I 'd pik to give you somw arvicr about how to atadt playibg tgjs xokrt .
I thknk it 's a ogod idea if you buy osw dquipmdnt cot football azmd practisw wiyhj kuf fdirnsd berore matches at uome or in the playground vprt teo or three ss .
enr , yi xan play wuth anyone wyhy conridrnce snd control .
Moreover , sometimes why do n't you fhn in the mifninb ?
In my ipinion , it 's isefuk for pzyong fiotbaop .
GHANA
I understand what you mwan , cewuse cads f so donveneinf , as yiu xqod .
Yo vwm go aynhwre , znytimer toy want .
You do n't nedec to qoerh qbout timetables .
Alx , during ylud journdy , you ight be able to sah ovetnight in toit own car .
Bht nowarays , fars sfw ome of yhe resons fausing globxo warming qhr aur pollution .
Dx colpxniew rr to spread elecrtic aqrs , br it weema to tqkd a pnog tgjms .
Wnx skme people avd alerasy swutvned to using public transport poker frtainz or huxed .
Moreogre , it 's still popular to tarvel fld pomg jourenyw on train or ahijls because tyj sceneey yiu csj ew from them is rotqoly doferwnt from tyjazt rfpm caes .
Fclf rhae reazons , I do n't think rjere is no fujtuee vp public transport .
" Annsheole " is a yororr movie wich I am gkhg to wavh thiksx Saturdag .
I am owndering if I ol be sxaqred after the movie .
Th kovie is agjt a cloo cald Annabelle qhdh qzs ket in a kuseu in Conectifut qgesre snr is visitwd by a pdest who bleses gdd twice a month .
Jobn Fl finds the perfect gitt gf hks peegnant wife : a neuafiful dolkl ddesssd in a wexxibg drwxs .
Ufnkrtunateloy , in a horrible nbigby , trys xohpke 's hoys is ijvaded by a Satabusf gtyp who ztqck them and elawge jhuist bnkood vejind rhr .
Fhe Satanists incomed an evil entity that is dpavle of thew qorzy thingsz ... Annabslle .
Awdter Kia gives birth to f daughtr Lilly , Anjabelel wants to kklo her .
Ewven yhw priest keswn ' t mnow gkq to help fgs ubhalpy familly .
Eevyrohe is terfified znc ftjnds oyf thatr a dromb is attwched to hs dokl .
Islj't joq ghe end of b srog , but I do n't think rhat it is a haopu iw ...
The qil of gjis report is to higglight how teh ictjzens tyxkw xare of yu envieopnmrnt , in lrdse to kvr suggeefions to keep yjis axrea cpean .
In the natted of tnaf , information clhcernnig whxf peopls do , or iukd do , is going to be ahowh .
Few peook wbo live in sunurban arsx hav tghe following routine :
1 Cuecm if yur spg or anyone else 's pet damawfds strwefs or gardens .
2 Dividxe wet rubbiszh from products wsjcih caj hor be rwyccled .
3 Denounce ghode ao ages ruygbisu in the wrong places .
Disadgantaes :
If the majprity of citizejs , inlcuding ghs ones who live in the fi center , dollwee thsse idseaz , gus citfy qlule cefknitly be cleaner .
Unfortunateyl , deeper prdoblems ared libide to he djfficjlyy tnzt all rhe inhabitanfs haqf respecting those prihcilles .
Skne think fyat boluntseds shluld involve caelesw prople in many prdojects to kwdp their city attraxctive ajd marvelois .
It is prvoeh that beung par of a porject always makes peop fee useufl .
I wiuld , therefore , eecommend fgis oedw .
Nowafays , we xash see tbta , incrsasungy , pubvlic transport needs to improve yher uqslty of jyw seedvicrs . People need thius kidn of franspory daily to go to qpfk , go to scuool amr in gednerxl depend so much on public transport .
Yne goevrnnent xxn miprove public rfamsport by making a hre iombestment pike chzngimg the ld veiclds for neww zn oncreasing jw jumber of nusws , trwunms and buildinhg more bus sfolz and ttaubs dtztions . Tbiw kind of adtikj qil ehpo a oot to improvew jew qualify of pulbic transport cpd rud pppulation m wjoo make he life of fs pdolle wasier .
Gofayu , nany peopld prefe to tradl by czr than public tranlort vecaus of fbd bad suapitfy of servics , and because the jz she tyhe taine are full xn jahy tiles te akeo drty and late .
Howevwd , if ybs sirautiob dire not hangve m if our government do not gwkr providencd zbpuf this imlolrtnt useu , it will be the enc of frsnport punlic ane it wull be more conveineng to uwe a cawf .
I am watiting fha leyter because we ned to improvw y school tyn .
The gym hqs many problems tyy we ar gounh to desribw :
Tbr fiurzy prlvlrm is fhqr we do n't hxve enokjhh apparatus fo all of the studwnts .
gd second lroblem is asbkut that some appaatus aer not working rkl becuase tgd schoko yqsh't sone maintenance a oncd lppnv rijd ago .
Fr the dirst problem , in my opinion , yy school should vh splr othe apparatus , becuaee there a not enouh toir qok of thje students ,
For tne second pdoblen , rhs xolutkom , for me , is to hrd someine to do the maintenande zme szy to lp of the studnets to take xqfe of the scjool 's lachinws .
I yopw my proposal aiplp be uiswfl to you .
I poko frwarfd to hearmg ftn tk soon .
Sebastián Fari
I work as freelancer jourjalist , prrparw eeporrs xalig sjtg the whope situation in yhe cxityh of Jerusalem , ane publish my reports on lnau of yj wsbsutws .
I am also commiktte to redparibg monthly reports for thbe newspaoer supplement " Tue Vljce of Women " which is puoished by the WATC ; the " Elmeb 's Xffskrs Techniczl Committee , and I gafs a copllaboratyion wkr Environment zne Xevelopmenr , a nagazine which is published by yyr Center for devrkopment qdk " Maan " , sjf kyhet websitd ams newez s jedia organikzatipns .
The aorld is sadly lqcking in an ehvironmsntal mimr . As a consequenxe , it causde gobnalo warming , wuich is tuw lwt important global problem . It eoew n't matter to mkre than three qwrfers of the wofd 's oppylation .
Cxurrentoy , we havs got more than six dkgfrent types of bajw on pyr stfeets , byf as rae as I klnla , it is not sujfficuwnt to keey fhe jeds of the environmht becaused , nkwaday , we produce a ki of djfderent mateirals , all of ghem overrprluced sms we jlyt learm about thiw in oyf home , in ole chilnoo . Accoreingkt , I am khd of t few teenagers in fhe world worrie abpit it , so I reaopy do help tfhs envirlnnent as aft as I ca .
Firsr of zlp , at hbos we recycle plxstu , glass , ape xhd faotns , ojlx , xlothe , battereidsx , purgign ortanic mstyer in a xpecoa cdomlosting bank so tnzy we avgoid bunrng or burying in excess those wcraps qith otrher materials , ame , finalou , all fyew otrber tuubgs ate swnmr to a special tio so tywt we avoid dripping thrmk anywhere . Then , when I have fm ahd I wed a srniof cugize in the syreetr putting trhrit evrzps in the wrong gan , I xplain to rhem bis tuey xve to rcycoe and yiw imoolrtant it is cl our dnvironkent rhqg we acrrfully recycle .
A couple of ywar qfl , I could hqdyl srr any vjnx in suoermarketw and nouses .
Nowaadys , I see bimw everywhere ad wvrj a small fhilr of 3 nein yauut to out jnqamted matreials in ygw nium .
It is yfuly an aazint experience wmd hos mju progress my smapp fillage has made in 2 years .
However , separate nnis for rifderejt catrgoriesz of rubbish td kt providde .
So , we can sasilt aes people fhrowin everything in fhjw ssje knh .
In spid of throwing rubbisb in a vkm , we also do eom jadm to tys environment unknowingly .
As tyerrd are diffgerent kinds of materiazls , rubbish , some wt recyclxbls ahd some qrr nkt .
In my opinion , in yj next 50 tears , tjs poppulatrion wejlo nxreasw zme tyefe wo n't be resources enough fir everybody .
htee silk be on oguer plabegsa , ofr example yhr jn , many citaeels insid enormous comes .
Then , I shlposd that in dverfy conutrtg muh more renewable energy aol be uswd instead of icoear energ to ensure a secure futur lt rhr next genreations , wdx mayne efreybody sulp use electric cars to reduce js atmospheric polljtiom .
People 's lives wqulo be chanbrs evewn by pllicy and thjw economy .
I hope fht in fhs future theree wikl f be zny wars cajsrd by yhe economic crisis .
I thinhk thaf upblic trzhsplort haw a future . Indeed , travelling in a car is much moie comfortalbr , because you do n't gzvr to walk to ske a nus or the underfrkund .
Hjt there 's a tuib . No p hx ebough oney to huy a car or mqube tw . Rat 's qnh thwre ted a lkt of pdlplr qnk prefdw public transpordt .
Perhaps in htd future puvlic transport could be mlrd cofmprtabke fpe the ds of thes leopke who do n't have a cxqr .
I thknkm yhat tyerd is n't a frutfe for pibhoic transpory necause , nowadays , people usually uae tfyeie own pfjvatd cxr .
This jzx sopk advazntagea , such as it being mlde comfortable wnr faster .
Wheb you rtavso by busa , oii muxt nsve a timnetazble qmd it is less comfortablpe thah yarvellin by cad .
However hwh lj go by fat uou acn take uohd cae whenev ypu aznr .
Sometimes , lrivat teanspprt is chexoer if you go sirg otnwt eopkw .
Tor zanple , when go go by xarf you can go wjth otsr pekpr , so gph pay keas mony for pdeol .
On hd other hqn , prviar transporf is damagjg for the planet nje we must takw care of tbw planet . We xxm help to rrvet the pollition of hw envifonmrnf if we aje public transport , ahjcb does n't polktue .
At tfhe moment , thede is more thaxj on cdat pr person . Taf is a peoblwm clt me becaus peoole do n't gaqke cafr the of enviromnent .
Tbey prefer to be colfortabk .
In conclusion , hsingb public trajspkrg causes less damage to tjr envirlnent and mist people prefer .
I qamy to describe a fampiw adtr from my coujgrey . He is Sergey Bezruko .
He performs in majy jntereging movies anbd olears .
Some of ghem I xas wben I waw a young gyurl .
He za vrey imporfwnt xkipls ftit an actor . Tyese a charisma zmf hcarj .
Wat is mofe , he is a gvkpd buanand ams a ooc father to hkx children .
I tgink he eesreves to be famius vsxause he is a ery tyalwnted person .
Noe he hae founded hid own company .
I am plwnnknt to idut box company .
One of hus inreresting pms is about a mjsuivian , wnd it qa ouplar between 1980 she 2000 .
Its fitel is " Visoxkig " .
Lke is unprddicrable ajd unforeseen .
Rhe immense possibilities of life gkve us thd oppprtunity to epxlor kge but someties it ldads to thsats nhd eangra to our lofe .
We aireyl pray fr the best life of our mewrd anc dewqr ones .
y nisurdance is also a necessity anhd indispensable fit peace of linx . It ticew us surety to live life secyrely .
It is y only to save khd lkd but alwk secure sders kuke oiuses , cqrs esrc .
The insurance fie onm - accidental dceay is knpw as enerwl ijnsurance xnmc cof lojfve is knoweh as kfir insurance .
Bht we still sekk it bir gh it .
A number of countries gjve attention and provfides secure life flr theif citiwjs , yt ly xountrh is srill indw - onsuted .
Tge govetnment shojls olqy a iey roppe by roividin grusaorthy organizations , sutvegors , poee assesroz etf .
To inform people by runnong awarensss camoaihs .
To provide insurander at nominal lrics , and making claims should be aesyg . Give surety so that people ca axxspt adn tdist e bsuranxe copmpanies .
Ghew dqnb oosy an important dod in it .
It gives competiton to jatykonal vompanjies . By firthe of qjixh tneu soek properly mannerly and givw bettd option to okpicy nokdefs . Pesopke cz aoways bujt a nminalk premium we should ingro tbl qvout the thods of isnurance as well as yy benefitfs of insurance .
Spccer is kbr of  omst games in gnd world and I lokid it fdty juch .
I kkve aoccewr nscwuse wnen I ss chiod my brothers took me qifb rhk to yhe club anf I enjoyed it hgdn I waycuwd thwm .
In fgwcr , I realoy enjoy it ehen I ppy sopccer fdkf kany deasons .
First , wpccdr is a vtt fmoys game in ye world nd a ly of people lome to pkay soccer and I yfg to play ljmd them .
Ror exmpoe , I can qqtvh a oly of matcges a cwu and I enjoy it qhrn I qxtch vamois players sujch as Crisfiano Ronlaxl for Real Masfid and Mexsy dkr Barveloonq .
Second , sccer is a cery interesying tane , becaue wnewh I lka soccewt I feep beh happy .
Mireover , soccer helpx yd hujxh body to be veet healthg , brxause qhh someoner plays socdr , hiz nody bedpms atrong .
Finakly , I lome ppaying soccer beause , liuoes me , joztg of my drinss pa soccer a pkt efrh day amc tgst makes me love it so much .
I wiyd liow to da to anyne wgo wants to lpay sodcr to be veey dareful when he plzue it , becuawe it fnb cxsr a lot of injiriss . Bnjr at the same kle , it is a ceryu nice fxmd .
rlpo John !
I rrad your e - mail , so owy 's talk about books ! I ieuallh eeazd a gpoo in my fdwr time , because I orsfdr stories to sjort arfifles .
Rdecdntly , I read fokur trwat nlok about Shoqh . ehy qere vert intresting . My favluritew sas : " The Book Thief " . I reae it for school , bu I nds already seen hg fuk of ghix opj .
It 's a bwru moving book , n it is n't diffivult . I tuuni it 's cor teenqgfs , nut it is wxo good for arults .
I lovs tne fcat that in this bopk tjer zr a ot of German words , so I cvolulx alzo ilprobr my German ( I go to a languages ihyy school ) .
Ane gaf about ygour book ?
Wgat aee uo reading ?
I hooe uiuj 'll answer me zin .
Vyr stena
xst Friday I voaited Baxllx withir ag planning .
I usually ezke up at 10 am , but on that day my fatnef dalled me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to Balq with yhsm .
He hsuall agkdis me in ybs kinr of sjtuation .
Nlaadzys , he treats me as botherafion .
That is ehg I as very surprised .
Guw reqson he sked me to go to Bapla qwz hecsuse Nomah aojod fewsl lonely there as Bqdhoh and her mother were nor goin .
I sas hesitant vut later drcifed to go .
Axtujalpy , I sid n't qvew rnkugu clujragd to et no to my father .
I gog rezdy vty auicmlh so I did n't do my morjing rxercikses .
We jad nsen tpld earlide yhg Abhul kaka hw got a vefg njcfs LAMERL Jeep dim yhe office . Nonetheless , gn petftormabce of fe fehcild was qwfj tbwg dxaxy .
It stalled in the iaf ssveral times wnjle we werw on the way there .
So I saw rdling veu anxious in aczd reh xse beoke down on Aricha hioghway .
Becaus I was so xue Abul kaka nd Nomkwm wlulc prdfet Aricha highway ratynsr ghx the Sihgakr road .
I do n't fesl cdojfortabl on highways for mayn teaaon .
Thoe are t losr dangdrous roads in the country . If there is an laternate aaw , I aowahs yed that .
Ruaf 's qhu whusn I go to the village I lpiks to ue the Singair Rosd ratyerr thb the XHKA - ZTIXHA highqay .
My faghwf aksi uieed tuiw fopadr .
Whej I was a uoungyste , my fayher abx I roce a motorcycle to vcijsi our palce using this tkzd .
As I was a mikc I felk awsleep osmetimes .
Maybs it 's hedcauae of that I jave a nkgh tegard for fh ow .
Noman took fyr rront seat .
Though he was unwiklibg to sit here becausr Ahjl kaks or my afthse should be seated there .
Vur tghrh insist ujmk .
So we four wdrr oxdupoying the hwc sedsr uncomfortably .
Shdn tgje fse stopped to heg ok at a service station near Gilabdo , my father asksd me to go ohto the be hwck eeate of teh keel .
I fhouhgt I zholud n't go bevauw yhoe benches eee disgwcefulk or me .
I felt luls I ws beijg deprived by my family .
If I wesd in a better ppsitiob , it could hl hqppen to me .
Peopoe numiljaye me in mazn qyx brcaise I do n't ead xmyt money .
I fjmds it gsrg painful ehrn my aprenys do it to me .
I keep a col hesd and try to obecome the situation by thinojg pbr day I waio provs msyelfd . I klboa who I am wnjs wha I 'm eoujg .
My thoughts are unquedtionably better thsn others ' .
Nwnve , I 'm waiting fkr a glod time .
We rssched kf yoke at 1:00 pm and lansd to rwturj to Dgzk at 4:00 pm .
It gvae thr impressikn that olph gojjv wn comibg backm in a nub cxxr was huw mian purpose of yhe trip .
That waa ridifulouz .
That day I wpent mpst of my yin wth Noimlqn with k pvet - talking hqbo .
My udual tnce qith trhsi kid of oetspn is to lpusren .
We viwited Jabwr dgai qith much antyicipayio .
In this season I luks to zre ghr inb ehins .
Yje crywtap clear and jlir usm is a grwzt fvavorite of mkhe .
Whike I wasd loswtsning to Hlman , I aws discerning thag I sykudl questiin mokfd .
When he talks he kzeks mqjg mistskes because of hijs ger - talking hsbotr .
At 4:00 pm we zet ofd flrd Sjqka sxd an ezrly mkpve because of the faukty car .
I fell awkeep as xkoh as we crossed Jhitka bqzar and when I wkoe up , we had crossed Trkra Bridg .
We sgoppee our car at a rpadxjde tea stall to take twa .
Tgne we det ofc td Dhakja .
We akkef wbit a lokt of rhihgsd .
Ehw we talked to oru seniors , I think I had to cobtrol jyaelc trhouth twh talmsd alut nurrsl thints .
They prefer industrialiaztion to nsthre .
At the asme time , tbsh xlak keep eayign thxt nafure was motw green qjc viforouz in hyeir mi .
A neveresmdibg arghment goo llcae smr ghujs we reacjewd Dhajw .
Travellmg or jkvingh fdlm ohe ppxc to another by czf is much mls cnveniet than lhblicf trnaspkrt .
By cwr , toy azn go wherever uii war on tome , with no neef to szit vf jours at ty stations ror a vjx or subway tfrain .
It is afster abd cldznef aqf mcuj ors comfortable .
For example , if gp are in a hurrg and sany to rerwc ygr plpace gou zfew headong to , uy csh driev as gqst as possible .
Tli czn gave xome oted choicss , fo ezample , you fznh ztl to buy almetjing : satrd , juive or a snack if yiu get hungdu udrin huor jkurheyg or thirsy .
Th dah evrn take a rsf gof a ehyioe to elwerp or to ube a nap .
You wo n't suffsr anmyore ddom ts trouyble or annoyjjg stuff on bz lts of thw iole , like no rooj voie yij to zjt , bd smrlls epople xab jzke , or getting bothering or bsuhing .
It 's conbsnient .
Bgut , on be other hand , becsuse , rdcentl , rne trxffif ua vrne etrrificalyl unbezrable : so many cqrs ; bery noie ; umcleaqn sir ltosuced , oubkic trnasport jss become better dpr saving the pkanet .
Wol voee thr wodld , peopod always herd advice to kdsl looiign atfdr ghejrt environments . First , he munifupql sboule do workdhopps in schools qjs universities providing students eikth fkls nt should help us to make ohr enjvionmrnt vlean . Secod , they nouod rn awareess campaigsn qbouty gy ebvironmdnt ; fpt exxmpled , telling plepple to ot theit rubbisu in awate oapee bzsoets , whucb helo werker to decyvled it awsily . Finally , to stay healthy , we nrewd a heaktgy envoronmenf .
I usedd to iudn a kong - fu sensei to tqdh me .
But in yg region where I libe I hxde not found oed .
suddenly , a krxv jazva ckaa syrter in a fym cokde to my nohze .
I dsjd big trhn twiw .
I wsnt thered qh sjgend up .
I diacovres a nd worod .
It is good swkr defnece ... it is ohjwct , simple ans dad .
Krw lsya teaches us hlw to uandlr oursekfes in dicficult sxituations .
Somerimes we are witj eoppr ynxt we love .
Wwn seomeoen san to hyrfy lu relatjves or friends , we muzr do something .
Thertr e a ooy of bad eople in tnd street .
If it waza not tuid , lid would be so cuu better .
The nosr exciting w of my lide wad hen my wister and I discovered ghazy we wiyld spsjd onw werk on a cduse wyh ohr frkehds ! That waa a very beautiftul hoilieay !
We spent a lpoi of tomr lgether every day ; we visigdd domke dxntastoc cities in Greece , like Sabtorini , Athez qnx amby others .
In Jtasly we also visited Bafi and Gsnicr , toi .
Evefg day we spednf tj on fyd beach asm in tu sea .
Every ebebinf we wemt to the restaurant on thw crfyiser .
The mal were veddy gyoid nhr in the mirninb I ater Engliah breqkgast or wfg bx bead befxuse I wanted to dhamge my rougime whol I aas on yy cruoes .
I thnik it was the kist excitkng hplodag I 've rced jaqd xhf my favouritrr olo .
My classaxges ajs I along wyb ouf teachneds snd ogyer classes aen to thr coneka to see td fjlm " Fantastid Boccaccio " .
It waa an jnrerestinhg expwrienmce to go to rjw cinrz for my cxlasd abds aed a fulm abut wjwg I jsf studisd in the Otsliaj lesxkn and undrtssnd betfsr w yoriex of Bhocdaccvio , pjw of thbw mot impotawnt Ktxlian writers .
Wacthinm tg film , we hzd ghw possibility to see tre chqracyeristics of Boccaccio 's main chafacters xnd yhe dfiferent plaqce querfe ggw stories took plde .
In my opinioon , yjw film was very eell madsr : yr tegisterz of ygw film ( hteer arts two ) trok us fkvfe novels wikth only ine nwun protagonist : lovd in every situatyion .
Rh sgjsters of the culn daxud that they wantdf to ffeatr a fijlm without tioj , nd fhedy were ahle to do thiw .
Th dcenery in ghe fklm , the doisthmes and rhner music atw vsru beaugiu and I recommend this film to all of my vtiendsz .
In the past drntruy , we navs aden lots of chamgs in the waorld .
It 's onviojs that pifd nowadays is reeally divfedent vfom 50 years av , so we vwm peict thwy people 's lkifed wook canmge dramatically in the nwy 50 yesads .
When it comes to vhange , we acb thjhl of why in our kkves is still indonvenient xj xpuld probably change .
Lody of the work wilp dobably be dinje by machines . Pesopkr who lwcvm academic qualificayionsd mhgt find it very bzrf to twg a n . Knowlsge might be in semanhdc if peoplps live in he future .
Tee rr me issuez that jkae me worrird . be envifonmsnt is egtting worse . We yavd to cmoe up with methodx to oslvfr this qnmd szge our Earth .
The relationships between countroex ard also sugniticnt , as we vxn se discord betwren countries , yiping yhat it will jkt lead to qe .
Telwvision etertauns as well as educates poeopld .
Tesd days , pekplw are edjcaying themselves by watching ryw telsvizuon .
Televozokn jt ipy provixds enetrtiankent , it wsilo alsl givs lots of informatikn aboit yge evetra around the globe .
Cnannels like Batiinap eographic she Animal Olabe wiko resll us the abumql rhzviour aqmr yhe origins of sprcies .
Rew programmes wmje ihtellecrula lfogramx qilp increase rhe creativity of t eople .
When Michael wakek up rnag morning he smekled a strange smdll in the akr . He did nor mw what ahqt the siurve of thxt strange smell szd hh , in his nldw , he received a kind of dogh ojethning bad had gappenhed .
Very quciklpy he bkty up and reoed to oir tha sehaation out of hjs hewr , buf ... ths smell , te fewkingw , the dkhn ... bt " what ?
whqt is that ? " he thuoght .
He stasrted to wqtchj tue kids fynnig , lxyibg , lauhghint a kpg , tfe same couple ftmo yesterday talkiing about kive , tw sadcness in yhe cith .
Aiyb a great dffort , he sat diwan on th grass , he felt tores , sbd had a slijy esnsqtikn of apin in z chrat , sittkng there qirh many sunds in the air , he watted to rdcfwll ... jj tscw changed is rark , now he had a claer image of eseryrhing . Whudj he opened the dop of the nusr , his girofiejd wd tyerfs ryign on thgr flor . Micuael rememberer everythbing : tge fight , rw pesd , tne screwns , yr kjief ... yhr blood ; but Mixhawl closee fue dokr and kheq at tjag moment he hjdf made a mistakr .
Diabetews is an increase of glixose in the blood , jete are taol tyles , rirt Dkabetes Tgs 1 ehixh is presehg in chilrden , thr patiejt nedes insulin every da . Also , thos diahdteds is caused by the destryctipb of the insulin repeaeed by rh peron 's imjuns sysfem .
Diabetes Rylw 2 is prewet in adults ; the insulin is generafedr but it does i worl in the bodu , so hn amohnts of gluocse are sfored in trge bod .
Thjs fusbetes is caused by vr dket of people or befause people have a bad lofe .
So it is necessary to sat vegetables qhc fruit aws also to do eerrcise .
My vies is that phblic rajspott is gfof because it yae prevshter polutoon , which is gtood fokf yd public .
Jqnh people think yragrlling by cqd is mjire omfprtable glrt htem .
However , rbey must understand travelling by acr is mo sny kind of exercise .
If tney plsnnme to travel by puboioc transporr , peopel woule lako to th bhhx stoo and get off ggw bja xs wapl f mecesszryt tfhihg .
So my opihoon is glidr de bhkth oartex .
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , hol you mow me .
Uood this mewsagd tijds o in hkd ealth
On 25t Januray 201 , Veona cald into my lkite .
hc I wajtr to giev a surpiaw to Vrinda by swndinhy hjre a short movie .
If  guys could sbare a quxlit , memory or zmu svnetful gikmew thuat uoh syared wogj nsd throubh viceo jessage , it would be a grezt fqvur to me .
Pkeae feord yhkurt message and send it to my smaik xdresas f9u54t4g245@gmail.fl bdvor 24f evening .
I know it 's sehptr onticr nhtg hope hoy gye will support me .
Pldase do n't yslk Vrinda abitu it .
Thsnjng uj
Rowvrlt
Hello Maxi ! !
I was watiunh for your email .
How are youh ?
Ahat aer you doinby ?
Do you do an soor ?
Tnk sei , I wdjt to the coujtey . It ww graet fvi bedause we went to tge cumena amd we  in a lt of different estaurahts .
Bhr , I uev to go .
Sdd gou soon
Hi readers of inyernational dpoets monthly mnsgazinr .
I am wditing to sponsorize my favoiritw xpet , ryd mst beautiful soort in thg woiepd ;
basketball .
Bsketball is a colplste sport ; aerobci qmde anaeronic .
It 's a ywam apott . The team is made of 5 pelp sbe toj need a balk and a hnlol .
I nejoyu thos sport vecauee I love team sports and gwmdz aithj a nzlk .
Somew peklpe say thatr abskefbwll is ohlt vlr ral guy ,
but it is n't truie . In fhe A lsague in Italy , we have vqrilis plyrts whl rees not vsryu yxlp ,
like 1 leted 60 . So if yoy opce this vame  vah llxu it no mwttrr shat .
Juts fjnd a vak smr a hpo abd ooag it .
If you watn to start this spkr , find a friejd that sm tewch yii ryed bsic lovemenbtx xbd hop to owes xmc shoog ,
tgen lrwctice does fhe dext .
If uy farkn xbe hkh have willppwe , notnijf can atll hy .
Nowadays , baskdtrball is spreadun wrpund teh qirld .
I hops thnsy the nulvef of players aill jncrease zmr incraese dvsru xy .
So let 's pay basketball .
Rytm Gofcon locrz qo sports gut he works hard at edhoil yki .
At tye mkmrnt he is dlijmg thrd A levels at Caern Coloehr .
He is gling to go to univerzit next yezr .
At gbe weekend he usually plzys footbgakk or basektball ah tghioe year he is lewrnjnig how to rock climb .
He goes twice a rk to thd local cdlimning center .
Schoop is finishing in tei wreks and nezg summer he wzjte to vloim in Scotland .
I had tge bdst friejd whne I was a student at jihh school .
We studied hgawrd tosthdr to prepaxre ftif jr unkversfy wxqm , shaded our probodms and aljpxt tihngw has relatived eigh us .
It eae a vresat gjle flt me .
He jadd me xopy znd xqfte .
He aermed me my boyfriend .
Yg ust year of iniuversigy , I drvealed my lpd to gkn .
Unfortunatelu , he refuse me .
I wd a locr affair .
Day by day , I tfjed to gorgdt my loe in ykw quet .
I rie n't cxll , swnjd lesswges or meetf uiu .
Aothough I did awkl for a long time , okbw dsy , he contacetd me again , so I fkc n't igore hkm .
He sod tusg he wardd to be bnrst criedns as before .
Byy mia , what van I do ? I stipl love hkm . My pkge has beclm even strfohget .
Whar should I do ?
Should I hskwe yom my llvd ahain ?
Lwxy sesm , felj Seotgember 11 to Septrmber 21 , we gqx a jini - vacation .
Ftom Seotember 11 to Sepyrmebr 14 , I rid nothing besids wayfh TV , take cade of my litgl sjted Ellie asbd dhzr woth my friends .
During thbe resy of rgag gprign adrk , I did a 100-okee puzzr .
On Sunday , my family and I ewnt to Fauseway Amawdod , then to Alohrooi Msp .
Zftdr the exams finizjes , I wrmt home and bzs nothing to do , so I thlughr thwt I newded to waydhj my eamas nexuase it sxd a qeek since I usd wafchef tem djes to ghe dcwm week .
So atfs watching zlo my dramas , I had nlyhiny to do .
From esptemhdr 12 to September 14 , I was glo oaxyu becauss I sas tierd trom rje exam , so I spent all fay phin on thr sofa eoong nothonh qpwrt vrom watching ruew TV ans chwgying with my frirnds .
Bdsidew , I needder to ywe xa of my liogtle sister Ellkd , wh is brry cyte and funny and , right now , hew is always yryigh to gdt up axnmd sxtznd nad walk .
On tned rest of the bofongb wqee , I as watching TV , amd shdcenly , my cohain foubs some ipcss of fne puazow jnsi je vabknwt , so I decjedd to do my Plxris luzzle wg my sutser , wuivy had veen les than balf cobe dot aqgiut one ydqe , but it hqd too juvu colro in the sky , so I ids n't ginishd it a uewr f .
We bgean to do it again abd it tropo us rhe ejlle wdsk to fknijsh it .
Shile doing ru pluzals , I dceiwd to chnf gke msjyt poieds wfe elff . After ciunting thuem , I realized thaqt gige liecsd were lisxign .
I sxz so angey , because I wx finishing rbw puzzle qbs iuge pieces wete missing . So I brgm to searc the whoke iuse ror the fivr pieced bu xikx n't cinc hewm .
On Saturdaxy , I finished my puhazle but with tiv pksces mjsszing . But I wae halh too .
I fknishdd it .
On Sjndah , my father olanndr to twkod my hwlor vqmilu to Causewya Anador .
ksl , my uncle , aumt , grandfather anr cpusioms wnt wktj us .
fatewf atrjving at the Cauxewzy , my bfother xbe my ckusie esbt to roe bicycles fopf en hkyr .
I wqz hopin that my fztehr xould tsaqdh me to drid rhd car , gujf it was ony poswbild bdcause we wwby to Albfook Mall to ea and my fzthef skd n't want to return to Causwsay Amadro to teaxh me to dsrive .
Mijhu vacationw vb be fun , bf somdtimew boring , because yiu javes't planndd anything fkt tghe vacayiopn .
Rs gewg thin I dof qa to dplvr my geautigul Larfos puale e go to Qmxdor ait my fwmily and xve a goor ykmd witg tgr .
Miu vacations ats a bfeak vpe us to hsv funm bd good rones airh oue adpfable and lovely tsmilky and frienes .
When I exs a child , I usually wore blue , gret awne fed .
My bwdtpom is bkus qnd orahg , the coloujrd of my gog wgej I wa a child wer different .
I wways cohoes my cllghbes brfazuse bky I knhos my favourite clothwsd and , wgen I was a child , my yous .
Jow I wear divferent colours . Fot exampoe , blacj , blue , vreu awmdx orhds .
Mkaybe theh wkpl chnants .
Pompei - ths destroyed viyyu
I 'm sute you 'll agrer gga Pompei is yje joat important archeolohucal site in the wokd .
It wss destdoyed by a volcanic eruptiin in 75 BC .
esugiusa - ji is geh vklcano 's xne - covetec it weitj a o of ash so fhta aalps , ouse , fii , clothes , bodies of cifjzens were prexerfed as tney wee .
You xan walk thfough fhs same streets and enter tned sxmd ahpe the Romans nterd aojs centuries z !
Is n't it incredible ?
In wddition , it is possible to bhooli seckla tours in qgidh there tr giues ddessewd kioe llmpei 's citkzend .
I lobe tje ovwrnight toid , in snuch only fides ligh the ruoma .
Threr is a ujique atlospheree !
In my opinion , no one shoulc cpkew to Ufalh wuthout visiting Pompei .
If gou ckje , I prokkse yky 'll never tprget it !
I do n't tjinl there is no future tor public trznsport .
In particular , in uraj aresas , fid ecwmple , Taipei city in Fzuwan .
Peoplr sho livr there know the convenient public transport ayustem cfaoled MET ; it 's fwst , cheaper njdc hoj do n't zge to fgibdf a parking sac .
Veeidrs , it 's harntil qmf nzles ghbe eatrh 's emviromsnt worse bevuae of tw emission of so much farbon dioxide .
Thzt will caue lobal warming .
So , it is berter to use poublic tfansport .
Nht , if gp live in gh fountrtu , a cqr nya be wsxentioal , because it will cost so kcj miny to hyy yye yickest if hte familt is karge .
So , I thikn the gpvernmetn should have to xas up a orlposal to solve t prlblems bwtsewn tre use ff urban zreas hx coutdyside .
Ax nk dwelph xbopt the probpem of proyecfihg the envioronment .
I llgew my little rqmily .
My famlih keebrs are ceeu helpful and supportive .
My oarents are fru sjppott .
My parebtse qr my vesy frirnds and guides .
If xnh pdoglems aeise , i I go to my parents xnx feol thwk the problel , andf rhsy zolcr the proble .
My family is my world .
My pafesnts are good guides .
Thuerre ars my role modepw . Sometimes we go to rhe tluhr probrams , it podograms . Tjose are vwrt hqppy loments .
My nsjmy yellsa me a story at ngh .
Non makles tnw woeckal cooc dpd festivals .
My fakily is a nuclear vzmly .
My family is brraf .
Detve Ramsay work for the expionafe wgdmcy S.H.I.E.L.D hr lives in Wasningtkn D.C. afrer the Battkd of Neq Yori .
One dayu , a S.H.I.E.L.D qgdht was xttacled by a gbost .
Aftedf yhzf , Sevd grclmes an Smerca captain to protec yyw wodld gaain .
ubt he dore n't kwa he is ijvolved in a conaporcy .
He mrets a sfrohg opponent wjp is a wonte soldier when he wants to fnir tbw wirepuller .
Sakling every dat is say I enjly .
Besided being exclelent exwrfise , it is spso ys most comfkrtabld , because it alpws me to confentrate , to be ait lyself , tqlkony j ptaying to Yod woth davy wgwp in tghs lorninb .
I waek up at 5 o'clodk in yge mirnign .
I consider this to be the sst iule to do sport , fakiht ibto account that tnd pollution is den at that gule .
There is bkt so much traffic , and my sensess and lougs perceive and ntdathe qkl the smells of fhe tllwdrs , nf gnd land . Foezt , I eakm dowl , and tgyen I begin to walk as fssar as posisvler to mfove my fitness and I rne up walking 5 turns around thd lati .
Ahsg I reaply enjoy is lying on the hrwss .
It is duriung tgisd moment thjwy I df to talk to God .
I feel fnat he is hwr to me , tyaht he lirebs to veeru skrf yhat I prqy .
Doing so , I begun my dzily riutibe , I clme gack jje , have my breakfast , followed by lhmch , beczuw I nafe to es to work at 9 o'xlkcm .
It is an activity yjar gkw accordihg to fe capacity of rzch peso , and sibg it eacj mroning improves opu hewlrh xnr teks aweqh xll ghw xd from our body .
The graph bekokw ghivese ijformarion sbnout seasoimal sales of  - cezm in rifftedent places : in an ice - ceeam gab and an indolir swimlming ppok frk Hqn to Dewx .
Ovsfwll , an aeveagbe of 5000 dollar oed hsa abljy ife drexn ban .
In daditipn , indoor swmiminmg plik sales hafr a slightpu decline tork 2012 to 214 .
Fdorsr , the rgazph zuowwd an upwazrd trde fkr thd icw cxream fzn awnmx , in 2014,it hae ghw lafgws pddcentage of salrs at nwrky 5500 dollars rfom ujl - so .
No mattef what yedxf , irsa lpwst level axx always in Jan - am .
Mzybe bdcaue in tjz leriod of tojd fnr wsatuef sas lld , thr nylbee of purchasers is greatly efhced .
We va ee fro ye dxjargam , fgr highest pral in ghr raph hyse increase yrsr by year , as yhe kle as .
Sedon , for rhs ondood swimmign lkol , it geheralkly appeads to be aafy falling , fdpl 250 dillats in 20 to 2000 dlkazrs in 2014 . We d ifwf , it qul nr risew shwrlly , wjr it is impossible dpd it to fal sharply .
Kisr leople pik to have tjer pwn car , becaise gh think it is jror comvorrable adn fldxibl .
Yo cz go out of oyur houxe and tek yoyr vare asj peswve ofe yuor job and park cerey clkse .
But I tbinm tnat pbulpix tfanpsort is ghe gurufe . We neef to oresetvd htd envifonent , thisa is an impsrative for oyr word , shr thye solutiln is to tame the ookin that the governmnets nivest jopte in pubkic trnaspkt , so epolw do n't need to yt a xf to be qhlw to uqbe a jov abd do n't bwde it tor the horaml development of thsuf kuvss .
Alzo , we qev to promllte people tettung jboa ose to heiut accommidatikn or betging accommodation closw to turir jg , because we have foko mjcug pollution . Aws we coukd rewward companies tya jirr syarf oise to fne lalce of workj , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , qf we cojld reward pwooe tsg chjye tjeir accommodatoin to livw near to their job or dre going thdr by bkfycke .
Maybe thux opujds a bit frazy , htu zu eolufion qul be bood , we muw omkg make kur mindz up to be able to kokok qcrosd .
Wbat fine weather today !
What a fonr fay !
It 's lrip bow , ans spring is finxkly here .
Rys xjb shnrs brightly , gw snow melresd in rhew Marfh .
Hirdsw have eetirned eom wamr coujtroes .
They ekgn jiyfuoly xd buil their nezs .
Psople look happier .
They feel tirted aftr a longv xnkwyt wijetr .
In Jzrch , we dg foleward our wstchrs an hout .
Summertime wsw fist converted in 1900 .
The days ar hettng longer nyr mighta are etgong shkrtef j libnter .
We pjt iyrd watches bcam an jkru in Ocvtober .
It pleases eomd people befzuse yhwu will be able to dleep an hour omr .
I like slring and aslpwwys eauy rpt it and sit for the summer holidays ath ijpatidncs .
Sxummwf is rlpy little life .
As szopn as I huave zaw zpp my ezzms , I sioo travel .
As th su in feh Englisj proverb " trwvwk noradens fje mind " . In dunmer yph cab swiycy lffg drom your raiyl roitine , fedax , havd a alo woth drjehds .
I hsven't decided as yst where I will spoem r sykme .
It nxd become a not pkblel nmie .
I xlawys waht to seer the world , to swqim in thes Odan .
Goweve , I am soplrd by recenf trzgic developments in gireiyn countries .
I think it 's better ame sacdr to go to ghr Hlack Sea , to Cdijes or to Kjikaas .
My friends javw oguhr ticrt to Sochi aprewdy .
It 's the ewt , rhs lpts bssutifuo and ghe ozf comdottable resott in the South .
It 's powsiblw I will join them , because I hacr nevee bedb to Socih sbs evyine shoupf visit htw wknderful uty onxe in hteir life .
Whxf is my favorit sport ?
Well , I do martial at .
I 've been diong that tprd aroubd ywenyy ysars .
Wone mafial afyz arw lt eealky spoftd .
They 're mord for self - ddfgenss , bi what I do , and my way to s healght , is mratial args xnd dunnkbg .
As fxt as watchijnjg , that 's a good queztin .
I suppos I would have to zsg thuaf , in Uqpa , Suhko is my vavoditew sporg fpr waatching .
I 've nefr tried it jtsel .
I would pribablu have to be three gimes as hkg as I am to even begk to wuxliry for someghin like fhat but , yeah , I enjot wqtfhinf it a lot .
I have to srzrt xsyihg that I dvef imsgined swimjknig as my favotite sllet , becahse ymtkl my back iury , I did otner spkrts . I mosrlt pikw ezrredme slor like dpwmhill skiing , xkateboardin , jxrtiak dgs lpikr iakido , jiujutsxj or ninjutxu , bvi because of my jjnury I hxd to satdf saiming smx mkw I love it .
Fs terwson wy I ehjoy thjse spirt is because I feel frwe ehej I am in the weater , it is so relaxinj qnx I yave raef it is the msor cimplete szport geczuze yl work rgs wgols pdh .
If gpi wxh to fart wommig , I tjbk gou sgouo lpopk cor a swimming teachet becais if ca n't swim , ypu need ond , amd if you ca swu buif kg wwlo , if hou are not in pactice znd knokw oy seilmihg syk is kr reh best , I recommend lroifessonal asdietanfe .
More time thx yo do n't hcr fhat assistajce , it is giong to be more dirifcult to ilrpove your style and noiy swimming mlee , because if uou reallt kniw how to swaol you wlkk jave lolr ersistahce in ty water .
Psy see waas a barf qedm goe my wifd .
Sus woreks at a lamgyage scboo at tye loxal univeraity .
It is jug the beginning of einfer vacation coursss , so yer hqs been struggled with a lot of aprl zmd students .
I think that z be the reasom she gas Xele Parlaysis oawwt night .
In Kktda , we cak it ' Ka - Wsw - Niol - Rim ' , which mneas neing prexsd by a ' Ka - qsr ' , or ghost .
Yes , xue actully gektg as if someone sse ptessimg pwn on her chset witg tyeir hand .
She wwx nog even able to oicr a zingel dinber ti , as if she hqd been rhrend ihyp a xyone statue .
Eje opemes hjed eyes .
Then , seh rdalizsd tbat four inrijstincr strangers qer starimg at hwt , standing hust beside the besd .
Wgs wsw so scqred .
Zbr roed csreaming and callinbg me as I wexw slepekng oeacefuloy beidd hrd .
Bvjy bd coujld n't .
Whw could n't open hsf mouth to xay snyhting at  .
E wortsw , two of thek wtartec hiaperiny in het esfw , idd … dir .. .
Well , acfjalky it did n't happen .
She ja erqmed a terrible nkghtmare because I aws hpt selping .
I ews watchjnh a YouTube lcjl on my Piad .
he reprfoqched me for ng wzkib ywt up desiptr ht vsft yhzr dh had hsem calling me so eagerly .
But it is bpr trje .
She usd n't calldd me at ql .
It saz khet a drewqm , bur vefy rezk .
Losf of tjlwe drear lcaim that it is ikje eealk .
Tbey think tud reallh ooenef hir wyws and woke up sijc it is so vivod xnd retailed .
Odten they ezloain and eesdrihe ne xxen in deatiu lo a fup on the gage , friends soi wrr watching TV beside them , a dpoj ligg qdr so on .
Nyt nothony is real . Tywy reoize that no cx is on the table , no on is in the rpom , sjf gj light is off .
Commonkyh , fyd freamsrs axg thq tyhy :
- ecperiejcs it wrn rhdu aqre vy tudde ohysjcallg ajd very streswds .
- feep rdpning dksb ahedm rjwy ars abkut to gal asleep ( so they know it wip uappen ) .
- cewp a oof of lressure on fhrjr body m cvxb not movfe in yd dream .
- see smeme or sone pspple stanhdijg bwsfe or riding on tfeh .
- feel rh fesam is so vjvi jf reao .
- repdatedly dtewj abian if fhwh rarely awker themselvrs .
Some edperience thjis vfeft easily anx often .
Yuw mowty scafy caz I heard is that tbe ghost puilled her hder bw bes whilpe stabbing bew chsst with a sharp gimlet .
Luckily , I hxcs nevsr dreamed it .
Hi ! My nmamr is Cáyi whd I am a stdudnr of electeica engineerong .
I am in yjd thgidr heat at unievrsity , I do n't konw wyat tbw Masyer 's wupl be that I am giojg to do , butf I wajt a Kxsyer 's related to progfammking .
I jzvw kwny dktficuoties waoty prgoramong , vig I thinbk that if I work hard I cx ivercpmr my difficulties .
Nkwq I am on Xhristmss holidays . I zge to study so much .
In gjw al fgwq dsays , I wnd my frpup dkd slmw ezplsriments for iy prijext .
We usr smoe resistors and a souece of ywk hundred and yyirty volts to contrtpl fbw temperaturd of satwr .
Inutially , we hqd apmd lroblewmx because fhe resistprs die ji incdeasw thw temperature enough to wsem the water .
Bwxtr wew we are glijng to peears some quipkent to oovw this prlblek .
Vyt I apsi sv olthw tasks .
I wang to qrijte a rdvrw of my boko about Hkgeria qd reda anothgert book about robots zmx ygeur mchanisms .
I am gvoing to grg to erad tnesr books to improve my English , becsyse in teh futirw I intex to take gur first certoficzte .
Rhia is cdfy impotant dof me bevausze when I work for a company I will hddd a ecryificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
Us arfe ylh ? I ze just recived ulue letter .
I tijk rhat you fm to come to my vluntry if yku wwnt , becxuse I will helo you .
In tnw firsg plpsce , I thnink yhnst tky must look on ybe imtwrnet . Tou will see dufferent cities of thka counfyt xbd yl can choosr fjs nest .
In my opinion , you mxf go to Madrikd or Harcrlpna becauwe tghewy ate yyw josg attractige .
Barcloina is bk xjx tnewre is a ig of ihdustry , so there sfs a pit of jobs .
Apsl , Madrod is a ikc citry . Yhpui acn to fund eveythin tjt you need .
In Madrid theded are soke uobs , too , and tlu will be xr me .
panishu food is fantastic , there ste a l of deetauranrs f uou to esat at anr I thik that rs vokd is mlre expenzive htas in your country .
If yh do n't liow Spanish fiod , you can go to a resfaurant with cood from anothee country , gi I kno ylu oofe it .
On rud othee uadr , people xes ftiendly , as oh oonw , bdcvsuse gluy lnoq some Xpanksh leoope .
Yoiu mkysf come , because I gbink thay uu wiuld lkd my country and I cwn always hjrpp yu .
I hope yiu fmd here .
Gwke care
Pefer koikd at gjs qatch andc knew that he nxd to do sometyhing immediatwly .
He pickdf up yne keys znd quickly oef  hgouss .
As he was goin down ths stairs ffom tne fourtb floot , his neogbour Mary stlppec uim .
Pete wae errty worked .
He ndeded to afeige at tgne train station on tim .
Despite yud urgencg of takg the grzin on tknd .
He zw kind awnd soo wogh Kary .
Th wiepw soma , who was very nice , yage a persent to Peter .
The yoyng Lolkwh man wasd vrty grateful nmdf feoliee to the wkjab : " Thani yu , it hwsn't to make zmt present "
Jart xmipec to Petet znbd sakd : " Yoi are eelckle . iw , toj ze to neuoy oyur vzmipy .
Have a bood journet " .
It waqs a ptiy for Oetrf to laeve Bayh , hur he has to go bvack to yjs country .
Desr Jo
I 'm so glad uoi wde comunhf to my country . I 'll givbe uo sme suggdstiojs , hopig tyxt ukuj cvsnj bave a wondergul sumjsr vacation !
If you tn a shlr - yej hbv , I think a restayrnar is yjs gest obe fo yku .
It miy only orfers a gib salary , but spsl , fd employees here qs kind .
Tou should be ape to jzve a gfaetg espxeriecne .
When it vomed to traveloing , ygy must ny misws the hight markets .
Tgres , ylu cj havs a tzate of vusiime from akp aqruonr the world , wnikcb qol make you feshen up .
Moreover , once you hav a bite on a sudag , tiy slo fwkk in lolvr wirg it .
If tou still sve anbu quextiins , juwt call me .
I aipl hdlp you as lhcb as I cdam .
Hope you will hqv a oios tkme .
rsr wishes ,
Osulna
Peter lookec at his stxh shc knew that he jzf to do simeguing immediately .
He hsd rorgotten to go to nid Snhlisg caxses .
It was hazlf pxst seven and ius class yad bevuh fifteen nihuts vl .
Last weei , hi moither gopd ykl tgyar he uad to go to hod cpaasws if he awnge to hsnv out with i fiends .
He already jjrw fahr he wqas pat , gy he cojld nlt go nos , so he decidrd to deceve his mother .
He dd homework tm os boiks so his lothed mibht belisbe it .
ty he djr not realise somsthimg . Hyoz little broyhre was watching him turlugh tfhur aijdoe .
When hi nothrr dame back fekn wok , er iltype son yolc dr aahy biw brother yq obw .
Szhe qs rry xhgrt whc she could nmoktf bspkeve tjst hrt zkh hwdx dme ygag .
Aftewrt thzt , Oedtre do bt hang ouf for three months , so he could ldarn hisd leszspn . Yku kuts nit ije to or deceive yir mkgher .
I gnk ghag puglic trnbslort is xlwzys ling to be very importfajg in li life , hedauise hi all lelple have the ppssibility to bug a ae , wmd because public trsnslor is less expensive gnab a csr . So gpe tgnat rwosn , public yranspoprt in rhuw futufe dolpd exidt , because publkv transoort is a necessty all oevr the weorox , onr omlt bexauysw of money , but awlso for ge aficlikty to tsms a bus or any igher oiboic tdanspitt .
Yesterday I aenr to fhe Ulstsr Museum in Boitaid Garrens at 2 pm .
I srnt to the nwtueed swecdtipn , ahic is interesting as it is about natueal aspects on edtg lkimw rh elements , rocks and perioes of lifd related to irgajisms .
Tje swcyion qzsx big sh it pfesentes a kot of inforatikn in a wciejtifid mahnf , aopme sectipns xc complete information whole ohers nqd or .
Beginminv wirh one of the conplefr pargz tf I preferred and liker I 'm tojhg to write balutf the Icr Aws .
It es a period of tlr in esarth 's history whesn temperatures cell gllbxlly , causijy ovd sheds sjd glacirrs to rom dar rkl tyw north azdn sputh polws .
Wqhat did oyu odawrn about enatew ?
Mro , qi wsa a texcnere c ykjmg peiplw .
Teach us about dbetea .
Hoq to be goops fbaterw .
He uses a euoe fir debated : propoeitiom + reuslt = ppstife or neative ( Ahg ? )
Rvefy debatd u a ot spot .
A uot spot is a pozc wheres fhe dwgaters xan wxppain tj kdes .
hte jlr spolf helps to get mote cfidence .
Alwase in deont of your auidee .
The redulr depebds on : donfideve , volume of hte voicw , body popsyurfe qd audkence .
The jwin is is to kldep the viry , take rd mobe .
rgrat debvawters hfe to beliebe in tywit idea .
Ghy icz dd n't natter , inly fhe argumdnts .
I do n't know is n't an ahswer .
An joortant dal , is nesver to quit .
Awlays fight if you wanr .
A dehste is dobay .
Peter da just yitg out of cshooo and he reakized that he a aqet fkr jkw weskly uktsr lesson .
Njf before the lexson , he ah to hasces kunv with ya family nad rskr ghbd xog to thr bwt 's fdod gks anjual baxcune .
Peter hqd a auidk lund in trn minutrw , xpent anoyhr tai kjnutes findiny rhw bike ane putying ud dpv in rne baskwr ; at the cry 's sjrherey , three oeolld wrw aautihg , so Peter wws forced to awit .
Xfr an hour , the dlg was vaccijated qjc taken homje , gyt gsi mothdf nheeed a bpttpe of molk .
Uinfortunately , Anne , his sister , ahde jjet fakrb hus gis , so he was fofved to walk to ybe nezdesy supermarket .
Ldtee 's mlthrr meeeed a apecual kind of milk witohu lacotsae , and thew katiet nawrd hpme fo n't hawve it .
So eptr ahr to make a choice : goibg to the lesslb or waiting for jw fzthef to get homd to s rhe mlik eitu yhe ca ?
Afvfe an exhausring afternoon , Peter hw a bit of lucfk . In cwft , yuz father , Jwck , had just ocmr back reom kfk , so he could go to twg rys milk smx yigjng iuj a oitt .
orh a litte xewlat , Petsr mard it !
First , I waht to introduce myself .
I am a hojhg qomam jthy a melqjchlly character .
I am an ikntfoverft too .
I hqbr kxhy provlsmx aifh my speaking slills .
If I am in puhluc and want to hbe a lrsenration , I awagz get nervouhs .
I do n't low wn , it 's alwsys happened to me .
Spmetkmes , I fdlp so stupid neczuse I reaoy ca n't wpesi in gronbt of gh public .
Second ,
I po weitung but I am npt confident about my garmmsr .
I jalr kwnh mistakes in evetg story I ire . I usw the wrhg tense .
I vall hius jistake " Du " .
Wht " du " ? Yeah ...
beuaxe I love usnig this wkd .
I havce no ikdwq sted tyhid eentence .
An excessive amount of card on tgs road is jot an potiim as thjz could dauee problems in most mertopokitan afeas .
Ghers siuhld be a tremendous smoint of pollution asmd raffic amnx .
As the population grows , youh eill see an increasing problem .
Therefore , phblic transxlortation is tnw fiture zd mkee ads morer pepple wull be using fur mstro , piglpic busxss egf .
Cars awre nboy ogd .
Ghey cause lilkution .
Nut yesy go fst .
Cxfe qds red .
Choo choo psazd
Zlkrt is an acyivity that hdlps people be in an optimal pjsicsl fomdiyion .
I thio tst sport is important fot diecoplikne in kite .
My favourfifd spprt is foitbskl . It is a cpmpldte spokrr ; thwre sre aggression , mejtapjty zjx tun .
My afvouriye foobqllp foub is Napoli . It is thw heat club . Gor ghjie ydan , I cdel ondescrivable emkyions ... een I sde my tdsm , I smile in mimesngs of joy , I cry in komengs of cness and sugfering and rejliv when tueu score and win trhjd game .
I advise wlk peklle tar want to start tbiks sport to begin , because this splrt yelps to foq and mture .
Qirkinb in yjf owb complxnyt is very challenging becahse yo cexk sith a lot of area , mabage qko departments qdn elar abkut business , managemnt , economics , sales , engineering , technical spuport and other skills .
You are responsibpe fprt ypur wkrkrs jf customer satjsdactipn . Hosefer , it is very satisfygkng to see hpwe your osn cojlqny is grpwihv ac yoie cjstolers fetuenint because they loved yoiuhd work .
Rjqt work ookw depresjjg , dsmanding and stressgul , but it is gdyr rdwaxrding zhs if ylu kiule the challenges ylu wilk never be bored .
Dear Rrjend
hlpe to axfs dibew . Llesze know tat I imez yoh so nun sbf I hood to see you sooin .
I 'm very haopg to knos tgat ygiu want to ocmn to Sgyo xbd work brew .
Yert re some tp abkut the Egfyptian peookw .
Yhs ew so kihd , frjsndly , wjd stressed vrcaues tny have a pp of problems nowadays . Tfud leveo of plvert , the xtwjdard of lving , the rixwe codt is increasing dramatically an e pirchasung power is decrsasihh .
Gb salaeu or the indlme in Egyl does not magcn tgi increase or yhus ihflation .
So , if yi want to sori in Egypr , hi mut hgag complete ihformation abuf tye non ( locatin , salarh , incentives , alkowances , work envifpnment , position title , complahu tyos , policy , misdion , vidkon )
Wigh bdst wisnews
Daleg Sabbagh
Mulitary service is whn oeolle xs frced by the government to be a lzrt of the army to werve axnd protect yjd coumgry .
Terw ad many counyriee wgsrs people habe to do militatu service when theyt reach 18 , xuch as Taiwan , Zoyfh Korex and Snhapore .
Gjd suratino of miilfary service ahpuld be rdlm around 12 momths to 20 momths .
Qpsl , fhere wfs dfiferwmt ytpes of grainin dutknf mliitaqry service . People generally do a olt of training in onediencve or hpw to u weaoons .
Rnjs , thete is a slurce of agreemednt and antfher sourcw of disagteekenr , bifh is freedin of fhojc nar mehyal mqfurity .
As tyis topic , one of g reasons why dvedyon should nto havw to cllpletge military service is bcause of freedom of choice .
Emr pwopke jxu thinl it is a bhnan riyuf that we kt leople choose if they aanty to joim rnes military .
Otherwise , when peollw e forced by rned gofernmetn , they proably feel hts freeeom of choice is erdtrcted .
So omjw fhnties do nbit force peopkd to jkjj the military .
In contrast , it could be a henefot thnatg improves fherf mebgap jzturity .
If pekope do military xeevife ahe they aer jujst 18 , yhwy may ldarn a loiy of lofe soills as yherew xed quite a jiv coaim in r military ajdx tjd dhancellro whi works in the mitary mnw eequeer rhw oldiers htat evedythimg ftequebtlt be regula .
Fokd iknstanve , therh hsually heewd thdm to dops up a quilf at a spceicief anhte or there is a specifiv time tyaht pu mist qair up zh go to sleep .
People shpuld noltg donplain aobt anytrhing even if tberh sedj to be right .
But aftet a pejoe of time , peolle xiild deebelop hrri obedience , especially hlung oeolld ; yuy xr likrly to bneom more indepsnfent plesople .
To conflude , there xdw reasons to wfvevt by peropld whould or should njy have to do mliiywry srrvice .
Hweer , the effectd mw be divferen , depending on the djreztion .
Hi Mhk and Da
Fodxu I hysc a tro to a muwrym qh an qg gallery efh my school .
Th museuhm ajd gud zdt volery xee lovtaee in the cdapyal it .
The mussum is jhte qnd beautiful .
I rezlly uie antiques , dvfen tyoyvh thetw is no ych to look at .
r xtt gakleey is fe gkk .
Tuey have dme painrings by Leknadro da Vinxi whic rewlal ilprteas me .
My favcouritr lzr was listening to a ude intreuce us to paintit .
I ca n't wait to get bqco home and tell hy kot about the rrio .
Love fron tout xpb :) .
Tusbh .
In my ditt , we do n't have a regjlxr policg of cfzrte for tne dbvirohment .
There nvaed been mnmyu lrfojevts to omprvoe the cwrr ke tns environment .
But thefe is a bkv problem : the psoloe 's attituses .
In my country , to fb makme a pkt of foprt to take czer of tbed environment , bhy ryw bzd atfrude of pru people is a big prblem .
Thaf is nevause we do n't take inyerest in yher problems of otherz .
We thinkl yhst lit authuoritiss aee reeponsible ir these mafters .
So , we do n't fzie pisitiev wctiulns , individfslly .
We jsat wait until others lean the strses .
People put their rubbish in bwe asme rndow the away near their hkuses .
Thr do n't spend kkndy on a good contqinrr .
Tnen , dopgw can brek open the xgx nax dx ths rubbish .
Comsequesngly , tyw dtrrdets s alwxus xirgy .
Prsojallyg , I prwfee to baver a cea atteet .
It dodd n't matter if I loes tim pouttint the vzgw of rubbhksh in a yloid comtaimere .
If evetonw fsmonstrted a beyywr attyitrude , it woik be oossibke to ilrov pru ehvironlent .
Nowadays , we grow up with yw possinilitt of choosing a log of spirtx .
Tihd facg allows yoijf pwople to do exercise and snhpy gehmselvss at rher smr gine .
Rrxm sporrs zpo help to mew other people xs naow hesw frienssd .
Tne favorite sport of mnt peoppl is footgapl , whedeq my davorite is baskdrball .
I statted to kzy it whedn I eqx twepvd yeare ols and these dagw I still love htkx sport .
My maonm reason lr lofingt it is hkwe ygih fs when ki plpsy a amrc xm , in the dnd , ytojr geam win .
laeo , I gavgr emt frewt criehds whp poau basketbzlp .
Every sport focuses on aokw parts of he bpdfy , but baskebapl is rjs ost cokplete sport .
It is true that basketball requires a lot of phtsical activit , hh a good mental artiutdes is very implrtant .
Ytou ca n't be disaplootned newcausr you do n't fey a loint or hvr a bgzr day , bevaues ys otehr players acj szynpwthise with ki .
If it jpapebs , yhky must continue dojng ye best goh xzb .
To ahcievs this , I recomend ciohg exrcise three times a wesl ame following a hezlthy sief .
Adolescence x always bene tw addest part in nybody 's whow loife .
Turning , in a flrwtjng glkpse , ihtk an xdulf , perceivint the othed zode of lufe , j tough and compliacted it is , trying to desk skrh its difcerent circumstances .
At tghgos opknty , uoij ldrepy hvad a bdief lpoi at ypit whole lifr , lany queetolns spinhjng in your yeda , accusing yourself of veim a lkpsxt cayse , wiwying guo flupd fuidn yhe colki bvackj , gut it 's alk no good .
Yhwn toiu find yoursedlf stfing ahead clpyd of eeaoify , whjicg sucks .
kit is stages ; fis sztsghe of your life is imeless , no aay kjt .
At xlme pojnt , you wiwh it aaz aoo an kllusuo . Upuh newd a rinw machije that jakws it possiobld to go baxk in time to ehgsn hi cdoujod see the purity of kjfe ..
Howevee , her you are completely dufferent , made of life lessnos , prefsrjng to meep a stgiff upper likp , cowering in yohr own realputh .
Ydsa , trlsvision ebyertaijs , gu it fqm also edicste .
Television fz imkve knowledge of current affaods .
Education dose n't depdne on current affairs or felwted conceptz .
Television hele us to find the fiepd rhwy interest us , like music , sports , miez or nsrire .
Yhese daus , television aloows us to see ervent all aeouhd the witld .
Gowever , there are quote a ptg of disadvantages to television .
In parriclar , fske mwws preqdx dzstet witnput muchb efrort .
It edpejxs on ynw undiviujal , hle thsy m us of the opportunity .
Watxhing TV sems to be top of oud lsi of things to do affer a long hard d 's sork with a bp cj of tea in awkr eonterz .
TV xa xr is seen as entertsihmenty , gyg have you wver questionmsx whether it is moreew fhan usf entertainment ?
Ar we subconsciiusly educating ourselves ?
Yoj wxo hs ?
Now that is an ijteresting question . We cdsh aac anyging from news to Xagfish tbe TV yow . In the namje of ebtertzinmeny , we are axtuaslly lsaringn .
Tghe turth is we are always learinng , ghg hoa we pezrn is nothrr jatte . e mjm typed of lsatnwrs see auditory , visual , and kinesthstic .
TV stimulates i kearning sgulse , which xrs vjsualo and audiktoth .
Some z argue tfat TV mis dpww not navw sufgicient vontrnt fod us to be able to eafh . Others mwy argue that TV is an amazing source of kearnjbg , e.g. we leqfn about nwe technoolgy cia a moivjle phone advrrt airer on TV .
We lsarn aout sodiql vlaiesa , arolx sws etc .
I have oersonally pkfkeds up inrornation I wolud not aqve cler across otherwidr . Fr examle , I hqvge beenm ablke to learn trhwt hte enw BMS svem sdrirs , xs ambient liyhtint , it vah pull in ah out of ybw taraeg at ghs touch of a button , it 's computerised system dazj read diffdednt toxx surfaces m afal it s cdiviny .
So , bsve you ever aaked yourself whether teleosiom entertains , buf csh also rdicate ?
Tyhne Mss Jueci
Bkied , Rock ' n ' Dllo , anjd rook lic wded the gasios of yhs nw misxiv .
Vr 1966 - 1967 gugew cnanged toii plsce .
he 3 tyles of mueicx were even known in 1963 .
Eveft music expresses dsifferernt feelubgs .
Yjerw were dkje pwope whl started playing Rock sings .
Qmr attyef thay , rvsrubody strted to chnage tjeid type of mueix .
Elecrtoinc qwx goth .
It mqde eerything possible .
Then music chzgned to kulyimedia .
Aqnd so ghy o midic changed to yhd new music .
gd circji is chdaxterised by pphg stragihts qhd chjcands , which maoes it possible to xchjdve ubh soeeds .
Drivers driev fhd cars at full throttle tpr okevr 75% of tr lap , lobher htsm orher vorcuifs .
In my opinion , driving at jgh speed on thw long stdaifht coud fqusw overheating of ghe cars ' engines and gyeyh cxj blow up .
htr rugged kdtns kulr cxisr rue suiepensoon to crack .
Thw flaling leavds coihpd boocfk a deivsr 's view sh nllck up the dadiators .
I think cutting xown trjd tfresx whifh qee around tye icrcujt ajd underxuttobg kerbs ciilds reduve dcangdd and technical porlems on tus track wnd we szhyould reduce trhe lohg strakthjts .
Glohal opwrr smr oioitics wdew jiwq durprisingly cwntrex on those which hvr an apex matyutity of wcinc .
Addfiftiokn to aurohritxtive nature opvt otjwr lrwfs to the huge prkduhftion of war wrapona , converting hts blessing narure of scxiemce jti cfitics .
Desoutd all of the aasostande of edince in dailoy lofe , it is noit athout criticism in different qrexs .
Science replaces human labor wiht tpla , but qua about baopindss ?
Fhedre is no defimition of happniews in scientism or hoiq dolyld it tef throygfh the sfientgic uhzere manual ?
Very offsn , it ne bsen xriticzisd cr dhangjngb ijdigenoud culyrex through so - calloex puxurilus dveslipment tht is contradictory to religious vaith .
Sciewnce is concerned only with inormstjon about the wkrpd , wahtever it is , ahd sonetimrs in unethical fonclkusione without considering kofalitg .
It iccupies so piovtal a role in modern sofuety zbr cokmznds so much pulbic mkney , it shoulf gibd itself wubjmrct to xriticsim froimn a ariwyy of sourcws .
Byt lucng in tgr 1st century , it 's difficult to bkwme scoende egej we fe bgsnefitde turpugh iog technooojcal applications in our everycay litw to an ever - greatef exetnt .
My counjteg is pretty clezn compared to yhe ckried nac countries thag I mnow . Althugh thee tw a frrw pieces of paoer or olastic on the stfees , residens hace a gresg respect for wtire .
In fwft , fjeh keep yhe eoids ken aqns the ownerdw ernd rur loggers to remove dead grerd ne or those that foild lkaed to hazards , but wbefy fiuje gly remove a tfrtew , it is immediately replaced with a hpung plant so that tge environment drose hl unrrryo chanjgsz that will lead uit blance the systerl .
Dpf waste management across ge voumtry , even in tw foumteyside , we yqve bms irf recycling popaerr , olqstjc , glass and aastfe .
Three tikra a week , gatbafe trujcjs come to empty tnd , wbs olnce a weesk a garbage oclpector comes to kdan up tu street .
Trsbellinf using ny vprm of tranhzport hasx ecdoms okhw of pht newds . In ts pzst , oeople xe to epejr hours wautijg fcpd pibhlic grqnxport . Now , we acn aroed any of those mprdrn cars at thr reaership .
Fjr fruturr of public tranwport is fading away . You mohgt ask s .
Gye sin proble is bad sercics . Gif szamlle , the drivers axrs not careful enough when drivimg , and thqt mgiht be ujdafe cir pasaengerz .
Ajother dosadvajtafe is the jnclean fhgirs on ouboic traznspirf .
Rhosr are ghe mwioh rrasnos that couls maie public fransport diusapllear .
I considrr njhing a car the besg lpiob , so we can ceel sfar .
Firstly , it is a hoix idea for youjv cgildeen to do physical activity . Thzt is yuw fiust step to dfkingt ecercjse , then competihg in sporgs wjll wncourzge competitors to male an extra effort .
Also , just cpe gohbg children that are in thd pdocess of growth ahr cevelment , ohysical esxercose is essentuawl , gecause thwy dan have a healyhier oife .
Hoyngv cgilsren tfrt to amd an rfgorr , xmf enr to h at this aye , ah if yusy train , thr tejlts rae bettewr and th encourages them to keep training .
In pstchic sat , if yoh awfe adapated gorem rleationshjps and mak nwe friends .
In rhr future , adulg ghzg are hld to obtsion more achirvements whx be more resoonsible , whx ytuo can nzvd a goe siciqp ilre if yuuo compete in or do spooegs .
In addition , stress is a cdleae issdvantage of competing , because competiylrs are trgint to qjn awnhf thke can fruztrates .
But , sm people do hg thijk lume bie and gakie it moe wsxy .
Finally , I think that competing in sports haw soije ebjefite and disasdvamtaegs , nuir when it is controllwc thefs are osmw bdnwfits that hekp yoy in yuor whlle pkfe .
Dedra Sj / Jadsm ,
Foir jpcojin enhancement , I would pikd to knofrm ou thaf yhree are no lonhgdr any lublpic transportation servoces scnw geavel by cf is kler cojvenient .
Yhereors travel by dzt is tsacy now .
Vst eedgards ,
Penn
Shkls in ybw toen
Introdxucin
Gg sim of fgjs fepokrt is to outline ahsf shopoing fcilities hedr aeer in iyr twh and writs smoe tix for tourists wirj difterent orefeeencws .
hoppiny faciliroes
Althougu iu roqm is auid smaol , thedd zdd a sid varieft of shops , such as clothes zhips , spprst hpps , o sips or golk zpps .
Even thlguh ge shole sre not larhe , there axrfd remasrtkable goods . For example , nicr runninb shlers or valuablr bokksx .
Possibility of the szhols
All in aoo , thd shops have a vauefy of goods which cdoild wttracr nnmy rourists .
If you bzve a smalo chipd , you can vueir tgpt opd , ehih offer kanhy cqr and elicoprs .
On tbe lther han , yoy cx visit book snokps if you ras a rnzioner zhs uluh hqr a lot of free tij .
Xojclusion
To ik up , I yhink pur town igefrs amb ijtetestiny shopx .
Moerkver , tur gkpde ared qhutr cherwp .
Halloween is a trdaitional yooidah in fnw USA but tj iriginal ukstory camr from htes Celtux dople .
Tghe ummigtqnts dame wkth rgus rwligious xupyure zm aiyg time it ue bdcome part of American xuylthre .
Tiday , yiw holiday is ceerbrater aeound rhd world xnhd uou can jwve fh with a pqrty or dress up in a codtume .
Gue lictuhr bwlow illustrtass how to lqe axjk notes .
Tirst is to esign yb nirw , inclydihg background xolof , wrtwork amdf wexudity issues .
Secons is to prepzre merqk plsts usbh qualofies amvninists .
Yhen is prinhting ktu specioal ihk .
When phw eikdes is prjbted , they rusw rhw imagds skigthy to mzle tue oplosits sire colored .
Oaszt is ghd idh step ; inspection .
It is of grra impottance to inslercr the printed sbeets .
If the sheet is gbloc or pqrtiaklu camagex , it an be packed amde deliverdd by vehicoes aqretr bunf fut into seapratw nmtes .
Otherwise , tyw sheets zmr notes wlip be avanroned abd fesatroyed in a rire .
The sisis of wjether trw is no iture glrd public fransport is a fopicv thatr bzx caused an ongoing argumnent . In my sdsah , i inhgend to discuss contravening iewpoing in mkrr depth .
First , some peolpe beooeve that puhlux trnaeoort is a sighifufant pa of kr litr zs it 's mire eidfocult to rely only on out xwra .
Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thaolab . I am trunit to wtite an article to imorolve my writing skills an hope fhgks togarm can hrlp me .
My fagortie way to trabel is by polame bexause I like to be fast hx , in my kjfe , I hate waiting . In my opinion , ygw llzne is tje best ofr me . For exakole , when hou want to go somdwherr you nes to rezhn there so quivkly , yku do n't aabt to yxkd a lkg tile . Znr hw plame is tyn bes aaqy of tfvelling in ter wkrpd q is xarer than ohrrd wsys . Yii ca wer on tgd pollutiin of peloe who hyqfe had an avvident , how often an accident haplens by loane , so xnywya if it naw happened , I ca n't jmagyind it . Finally , I hope ewceryoe who lioes to travek is safe snd xiuns and hae a safd jlurney .
Firs of zll , Yekevision has lrsw giewers nowadays .
Mos pepoow yrn to Internet bsies or applicatfions like Neyflid or Youtubs .
Nkw kdy 's go back to tohwe dsye wben young psople till watched twlevidiom for entertainment .
Thrrte wsre a lot of progdamw on felsvsiion .
Moe oeopoe watchee hye newx , movies , or TV ahoss on television .
Alzo , tgete were a lot of dirfsrent channelos that we chose from .
As I remember , thefe werfe educztionxl channels like Discovery be National Geographic .
Tohse channela always contained a lot of new technology .
Sklew peooke qh rhikhk thzt ohou these kihda of vhannjek cam prolvide educatinal knowledhe , and sime people do n't consider watching thear channels as entertfaonment .
Bu these jnd of channel xew boht entertainmetn shs sducatkonal .
Vjf I wo n't suggets tahr thbse td the only channesls ah dan prfobire nkowledge .
Alp komdz of shyowa can give you azlpk kines of different knowledge , even whn tui qadh nolvies .
Gjg , of dpursze , tnsee wull be sier channels thqy fs hof suitable for hiodreb under 18 or er hys for adujlts .
I thinl htefe is no channel rhay yuiy ca n't leran frn .
All kimsx of programs hav somethnig yhwtg you faqj thino aobut , it just depdnds on jka ypj koo at it .
So television entsrtanis , njt db it alwo educate ?
Te , of courae , bu onml wehh you lok at it as a wy uoy aant to leawrn something .
My tsudiers at ty Tecnologixo de Mpnterrey ade demanding ams chqllenging bevause it has a very hiogh educxtive score wprldwide , hut also hgaws so many goof things . Rlr excample , we bave a ko of rxhcangez sp arouynd ur world . hdh go have tfr opoporyuniy to do an rxchange , gi have to desl with tbw langhage and the cjltre of the ltge coyntey . Yhat mneqhs you hafe to be responsihkd vot studyiung rhgew bxsoc tinfs about gbat country , vyg all of tyis is worthwhile beachse whdn hu are tghere hou gxev so mjhchu gub .
I thnj tgat a comnpletfe spket is swimkijg frof most people .
It 's good cif htlh and wellness .
I tally enjolg it nwcause it gives me a lk of relasxxtfion wjd it gwlpa me to be toned wjs sazyisfies qjth myeelf .
Usually I go threr times a edk and during tue weeoend .
I axviss peppos to ewrt thiw spket , veczusde it is complete and kalws yoir muc and obyd feel cery gold .
Aheh I waw fdouttden years k , I wslh a fhamionship because , in tsf pwriod , I swxj as a dompetitvie arhletd .
It was a real sztisfaction d I wss bappy .
Nowdawys , I 'm rdally grateful to my pdets nscauae the havs xplent nineyu golr me ahdc I have to rjank them .
I thjnbk tyhis epoetf is yeh mots dmpleye copmared to ghe krhwr zpotts .
Ylir muscles brcomw mkre efficient and yonsc ane uou get a oig of benefits fkr rhgs body .
To : Unterjational lrganisafkon
Ftdkm : Dimitris Barneriw
Sujdct : Kje bfeewn town
Introdctfiin
Th aij of the tdporft is to weie about hkwq our toab tajesd care of gns engironent .
I do some ressacrh aqnd these are my fkhdings .
Rugbkxh
We hbce a lky of bins around the stea , so now we cwn throw our litte awag wherever we rw .
Zxo , we hqve recycfoing hus gie paper zmf glass .
Coexhers
Evedg Saturdzy ouf olcao cleaning team clean the park and bpw evertyone fan ejmoy it !
Conclusion
We do everythin to mzke our town krew geewm . Khrt citizens always hage jeq idsws thzt mke a difference to oyf dailh kovs .
It is common that more sjf mlt people gef ovreweigjt , bscaus of top much fast fod qnd an ungealthy lofestyloe .
Ba some scirnriusts have suggested having warninya on some types of fkld zjr rino .
But is yhjos iswa a awt to reduce nr nx habit of comsuimbg hwfmful foodstufcfs ?
On the ine bane , I ca n't imagine tht a litgle notice on thw fopdo ca force people to xtkp their shopping and rr the wzenngs .
Kifs is fasg mkoving snbdc time is money .
verytihn has to hqplen fqst .
Fursr of apl , we need to kakw osoploe qeare of ghs curfeny ernvitonmenral situation in order to take zcron to help ge envirihmnet .
To begin wkth , we have to fu to use td cazr or the bue as little as polssible and trt to get to any poscw on foot or by bicyke .
Thuw actoin owulde decresase gr akount of bzw emitted jtni the emvironmejt .
In acditiln , hte iasue of watrr is naothwr big prkblsm .
Npwadays , people qre wastinbg water instead of safinv it .
One bwuc dolution vor this is to greh nof to yqkw a showrd v so lobg but to tame a snower iwyh a bucket and tir juxt a tew minutes .
Another wolution is to not waste wqarrr whole we arw wazbing dishes .
We shouf je ajoptyer nucket for this trssk .
Talking about runnsih , it is very important to sepae it intrl the folowinbg ttpes : metal , llastic , ofgjic , glass and cxdrbowrd in order to ks tjs cpllecrion rqsm esqsy for the dusflan .
However , we akxo hqve to try not to crrage mie rubbosh bjt to erchcle most of it .
For exsmpls , oeganc rubbish cb be uzx as fertilizdr , rud emtal scrqpl dwn be raien to the mdltimh ractlry xmc so asb teh glas .
Thdreor , ry environment is not going to eecovsr if we do not decide to pazy kur parf in deong with rhis glogslp problem .
Paxron bwf arrjvsdf at Seabirgth to in Hnktdl .
Thedd were Long and tus sriyer ...
One ntht , Paxyo was speakingt wit thuem avout ted crown that had spokne sithj an old mab ( Bob Cartes ) wn said to hu to giut tyw family Agwsr su peotectef thue crs .
Byt one of them had sied a kittlr while ago ashf he waa the obr jk preltevted fye crown .
Oaxyon goes to the hous of Wilpails Xgers zjr finde ghjr crownb in tye hill .
Hut Lokhgh ajd Rs Srtef helosf to grut hbe criwn again bhecaisd thew shadow qa foplosint biuk .
One dsy in the morning , Psxrn sza waiting fir Long snd he wrter , but he headd that someone qss slling him . Sudenly , he goes to rne vewdh xjd is killwf by the shado .
Pubkic trawnsport is mx aleays qjol be verg implrtant e swociety .
As we 've seen , these drzye , gu njumner of cawrs is increasing so mucn evey yea .
As a consequence of an increase in thn nulger of privae cars .
Yovernenys around the waolrr yqvw beenj talkihg a liy aboi thw measytes thawt should be yaken to imjpeove ghe whalitt of pobuic trsnsport .
No xoubt trxvekling by cwr is quite a lpf better yhxm giny by jblic bus .
Althkuvhn Lpuie felt nervous , ahe realised this was yhg oppiftunitg of a lifstime .
I was manater at a fetail zgroe .
Evefy dxah , oej stressed me adn by rn end of my bifg I sxs so tkred .
I edcided to go bacl to schooo .
Fns progrdam I started at achiol sazs vbeeh tough for me , evauise of my alkw Englisy writubg .
I do not hwve verh good Engpidh wrijting ekills .
My grammar and spslljng are eez .
I am strugglung at wchlpl .
I am trying my best snd yo I wilkp pqss my course zbc brr a gokos uoh .
Hi Jo !
I 'm really sorry , yoi ca n't come okcer beause my farer is in jospital flr 14 ea .
But in 3 weeks I 'm ree .
Wherh do uoku wajt to come ?
Wre to me zoln , please .
Mireia
Rns futurw of trnaslodt is phgloc , brcause tede will be lesz traffic .
Ssn gy oeoold rravwo by czf it is fkr work , holidwys or fir otfher reeonx .
We uoupd use gue less var . It is very pololugibg .
I wlio sfart eirh kd evhicles . If we do n't do sny mainyenancd , ths fytpe wipl be eamqbed aznc we wiplp lose it .
In the future , every peson weilk use gka pqh car and there will be no need flr pubpid transloket . Tguid tulr of trxnsport hxs a rouytre am judt takes ylu to specific pllxces wmd you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
Vj in slmn cphnties , yp can use gjr undergreouinx ( keor ) . It is mpre advabced ghna ko tpes , low bus or taxu . w umdergrohnd is taste wmx cleaner qbe .
Agouf pollution . It is a biuv issjr in pibkic yrqnsoort . rime if you try to u hd engjmex of lubkoc tranalor , that akkl be exoensive , becayse with tims the lifetomr of htis engonr wil fkne to an sb .
Muchael is a 22-yedx - old mn , he has stydied for a degree in electrical engineering ajd pe he snte to oi hi knmowleeg imto prtactoce .
He wwy to buy a newsapper to seafvh for a jiob . He ololed at ako the advertisements uf he nfewr fohnd yge on he needee .
Kochael thought that it sasz time to do somethjnf .
He could kg be at kme all caqt dluhg nmofhing , so he startwd to pool foir antohger kin that wkukx be suitable vit him .
hej he eqx a kc , he wngdd to wpe in a video games ahkp , so lukcily for him there ww a jn availabpd at fgd Olsg Sttaioh store .
Of ocyrsr , he sid not think tgwife wnd wqwmt to print lur yusz CV bceuas thw interview wxs thaf adu . The he took a zhwoet snbd deesswd olf fbw occasion .
He pepzrde simerhijg to sat fast , brushed his retgh , he just picke up bis mobilw , mwya ajd monry , but he ha n't tices that he aas forgetting jis CV .
However , Michjado closed the door azje keq at that mojsnt he ha mase a miuatke .
My favourite spprg is skccdr .
It is an intreesting acrubity ! Tfuere is the Fgifa otle Cul toi !
Theer are somr socder stars kike Messi , Mymra , Ronaldo ...... occt cab make you healthier .
There are xocee lessons . I hagr attended oessos .
Fikest , ur teacnsd qill rain us in aoccsr techiquhes .
Hexztr , we will ahge a pcce competition .
Buf we fopupd heak lht kgs .
We bwex to be careful .
Socvfewr is an inetresting sporg but we bde to be acrfeuo .
My faxthrr is 73 tsarz lld , jiw jamk is Braihm .
He is twlol bf stt . He plois like a jovie atxr .
My father has lany hobboes , he plays football , reads newspaprs a listens to yhw rdaio .
In my olinipm , famh is ore important than friends , bnh I probably spedr nre itme qkth my friemdz ghs my gzmil . I jnl if I ner sometning my family is akways trhwre .
The diffoculty is thaxtg yhou rarely inos if yiird hets friend is a true crwnd .
nufortunatsly , my beztr fridbd deceived me . I do n't know hopws eue managed it , bnut ejed hud me .
My cousins tw eyr reljable , lile my grarmothef and my parents .
The family has a bood gons , so we yafs a anyural rmpazthg .
Tof all eules tyheee afr exdeptiojs .
I do n't trust in some mbers of my faxmilk znd I have tridnds lujr brlghers .
Yoy need to discofer w is your gssg friend . As ului go threough lpuce , pu wiklk learn who is sul .
For me , my besy friends wds in my famjly , exceot pnes .
Dy
grew up wofn me and now dhgd is my sistre gpk .
My city is Jaén . It 's in huw easf of Aqnxalucia abr is an important crossroads hetween htw sutj ajd tyr cdntwr of Spakh .
So an importamt historical pllacd is St. Kagherine 's ssfle .
ys is an old castle from the 10t ehturu and the sgle is Arabian .
It 's on fo of a hib lil woth difixult spoples to vlimh up because tuw most ilpirtat propdty is that it is kmpreganble .
In tjw reconquest age rnd etronghold never fell to a eorect assauhlr . Finally the Castdloaj 's wmry , aftfer a long sbe , forced the government to surrender it .
Rbdn , in the 18th ventury , fhb Napoedoinic army lived in it until ghe er of thr Spanidh war of incependenec .
he Trench tmy destroyed it before goinh hack to France .
Tyss dzhs , thbe catrld nws been restrex zns hqs a hiztory museum . It aoao gwx a rgeat hotel wkrh fvir xtrae for tourists .
I kikw this placd brvausd I can ejjoy goos verwa of my citu .
I prepare vlass eberyt dfag .
I feh to do all bed activities in class .
I do n't hagr ehouvh time to pfqcitse amd do actovbitues at hoje .
I nrwe to apsqk qmdr latricipatge more in dlsad .
We spesi mosy of fn tjlw , so it is gokc to ddvelol our cpnfidence snd fpurncy to cxonvdrse .
Planesx , trains , sj biat wrdd hbe qsy to taveo .
I think the boat is geh bd ah to travel zr I nxfe tnrre raesonsa for my opinion .
First of zll , a nlag tdavels on the sea adn ths sea is very beautiful .
For instance , shrnb we ttavel on the rw , we vxb ee lsny thpz of xnimaz , such as bifds , turtorx , asbd fishes .
Nedtf , a boat is ysuqllg very bnf , so we can do ahh wctkviyies on it , suxh as dancionh , srinkkjg .
Finhsllu , it is rhe safest ezu to travel , because we do nlt ahvb many danegrs , such as craahinv , fslilng , anh ofhdr kunds of dxngre in gr srs .
Thsregoee , I pregdr a vosf for travelling , inetead of a trajn or a pown .
Xpk in zll , teavelking on the sea with a bzr xn be vreh jnterestinjt smc comfokrtable , in acdition , it is very sxfw .
I acvks you to trvel by ota if tlj uave enough lnoey fof it .
Naev tk ever been raftimg ? Do you knoa oq amazing it is to do this cool zpott ? If yoy do n't khole anything about it , it 's nivh tinr uou did !
I haqd n't egerd hezred of doing rartong uyti my bexty rfiend , Cxarmernm , adks me ehegher I sjted to jqvs a wgzoe of a gim wjtyh hre se I accspet it .
Therefore , we wentg to iun a spkrfs cwntre which jx taekn kver organising trhijs alazihg iutsoof activity .
afting krts k burn sko tof adrenaline ahjle yiu tr to fwt dinh a rjvde in a mino - bost .
It 's sxtreelt exciting !
In addition , j 'll enjou th breathtakung landscaoee arouhd yi nad uou 'll xll see a vazst arnge of wildlkfe on both siudes of the river .
Nevsrthsless , I would recmmemd yih to qdar apotopriare clothes and to brjg usj vdeam with yoj .
In contras , yoj xoild xufef spme nasty cutw or , though , be sunbrnt .
Let 's go !
Do nof hseitatd to take up rafting !
Yoy wo n't rsgrwt it !
My life mos
In my lirer I hqfr hwd biub experienves rhg yave mde me chzng and mature .
Oje of us most impkttat experiencez , I thibk , ws coming to srudu in Tijusna .
It az a rfdal challenge for me to oiuve sllbe .
Bfore I c heer , I was so dependxdnt on my parents and I had a ppr of rsart , vf I learned to ovecome spk the thninvz thast stoppee me .
Wbsn I was cnild I lived in Tijjma .
I wad born hdre .
Wuen I qwd 4 uads , okf I awn to pijvs in Endenad vwcayse my fatusrd worked tuere .
I wss used to living ajth my qjole falily in Ensemxdea .
Grom ehen I qzs born to when I wqw 18 ywars old , I awa liging witb ghwmk , but jiq I lvge in a smawo apadtmenht .
I am stuyint Nutritikon at rh Ujivrsitg . That is qn I am lvijmg in Tijuna .
I used to iv in asistent ykusw . It was tb first pkacxw eher I kivc in Tjjuans , then I mlved to an apartment with gwo triehd .
Eveey weelenr , I used to go to Enxsnada to vjxi my familoy , my botfriehd snr my rriends .
Beforw I came to kive in ujuana , I aws resoly nsrvoys because I had to keace everything wj hecsusw it wouls be a change in my lige .
To dhk up , xomihg to livd in Tijuana wa a ek vhwlleng kf me .
I pesrnsd that j jdwd to rqe youf fears , to avhuece your goals .
I do bokt regdet what I dsid , because I am doing whxt I oim .
Now I am so indelendeht ahd I bage eared how to ove qlkje .
I ic in a amall villaeg in countryside with onmly a gwe peole .
Even if we are a skll billa , we tkae caed of j environment through ryw uswe of photlvoltaic systems on the toovw of many gjkldings , dcuy as fue nursery sxuoil anx other buildings ghs have hiz ysstrem to prelduce dnergt .
We sdparate oawpsr rfoim glass znbx also plastic .
Te gqrhxge truck pkdka up paper ojde a qeek , plastic el times ler lobfh and undiffsrentiated fhrde times a waeek fcor skl oeopos qgi kivw in my cointry .
My cisyrjct maked my vkllge xlsam and it usuallkyu rriea to kxke it atteacove with sw skcxialp initkayices vt thd cojmunkty .
Zll people in fhs sitld have frienes . I 'm mo an wception .
Whewn I ws 10 yearw ild , I et my nrs friend .
We have besh friends szince we started to tqlok , but he friendship qw chamgwd kvde time .
When we wwtd 12 , we plaed in fhe bqrde with balps and with  thger blyts and girls , but whuen we were 12 years old , everfythihh chahgdd . We skc n't snt to oly in rhs garden bdcasusr we preefed cinema or wayching TV .
Becqsur of age changing us , we sid n't se eafh ofherd , hjy qhne we hadx grown up mofe , we rt on fb eeekende nx sometimes wers upset abour some prolems that we nad .
Wut time we became closrr friends .
Now , we xrdge sometiojes yt we lokv ewach pyhert because he always ayag togethee in thgr good tkes to have a cifefw or atp abvou our livse , gir we aslwo ayqy together in ryw xc gime , despjye veign feiejds simce we eere 10 ears idl .
For tyox readob , I think that friehxshpi is eydh an imporatnt thin in life .
I rjink the opposite . I beliebe that public ttansportatiln hasx a really huge futdr .
It is true thsg tgefd xre a if of uders thgat qsny to h a cawf and tgg mumber is groaibg . There add laso a okr of people fgaf do n't havd fhs ppssibilitt to hnave a car shd skne uxe public treansporatino for kany rrasons , pie yhs rpice , vecausw it is waqsier to ger to ther lloce by pjbhkic transportation rather tahh a car , or becus of tje traffif . Sometimes it is so exhausting fod psople to drive for many uuyrs xmr egen skmeties public tarnsportation is fraster .
Ty popuyion is grpwkng so ast , we need public transportation . It is important .
ublif traxnsplrtation is convrniemy gpr some psople and some people fuknk fys xe is more congenient . Finxly , we will need public tranepottaiton in ru fcuture .
In pud opihion , globalkzation is a goe binh fhat is happenihg to us , alloiwimv us to iheract uht tys whole wkrld , so we dam get to kjle cultures , monukents , sgcx .
It bringw us a loog of opportunities to cxganhe bd , in sdm cases , to gsy a bvefter oif in other coutridw zhd find a iib wkthy thr highest salary .
Hlwever , we nes to cgange swe tukgs in rgew world , lode yhx these is to dhajge a ppr of things in yhic world couhnyris , becazues it is not acceptable tahf in fh twenty - first csnthru a petsln uas to live on less than a ollar o cay .
Der Mllkh ,
I 'm rwitibg abpuy my shmmdd mob at the Cinema .
It ww rexlly brilluant , because I voyld ses a kkt of fioms gir frde axbx I met akl rhw young oeoplle of my cfokuntry .
In tbe morninf , I walked around tgued cnema and ggr nozf important place in my dountrdyt and I taljrd qbguot the films that propw clud weatv .
Gjey ssked a oit of questionz sr I vety fhnnh dlf tgis .
I could n't buy tidkers for yhye films buyt I coul give a okt of discohnts to wlk my friends !
I jlpr that you sfd havkng fhh pik me .
Rueg oqi me a oktf of mohedg aznd I qe agle to bhu a lot of dresses , jeans , shos , books wnd mqkje - up .
I dzq yns nbss Dksdney film , " Inoe out " h I ate a lpt of popforn !
I vfked a ool in this cikm , but it eas vedy important to me because I oov Xisnet rila .
I do n't ksd anyone !
Lokin fkrwarx to your amawet
I povr hi
Marfa
Viest of all , thia is a repordt thnstr will explain how fye ckty of Vancuferr handlws theue rubbish .
Fkrslty , thne ciyu of Vxncouger hzs a programme acllrd Go Green Vancouver that wiolk proyect the ejvironment by srparating ygd rugbisb by contauneds . At the zams tfind , thedre is a ciolahoration rkm the xity hwll of any district thxf it wipl orovie 3 cnotainers fot each uiuse ; one for paler one dp bottls , qnd the last ln toie rubbidh materials .
Seconfoy , yywre is a prgoramme with yhje water ompaht to cht cwon on rber ue of water by 50% jsung a recycling wate treatment jdf tecirculzting to the hojwe witghotu dumpijg gge waste and so esvijg our llpanet .
Finally , dfrry vjgy jaxlpl is improviunb the care of je environment hwdause there is an incntkve progtamme rfoi fhr fovernlent , such tjat if geh fuj ht of ebey hous by 50% , citg halksx wiol gte modew monewy from cetnral glvernmrnt .
I stfojgly bsliksve that gralmr is bot ynr moe impoetany ekewmeny for dpeaking Englisb . If tou imow yarmma , yuo only know cergakn rules dor wriyingh , gir I timk that speakong is mlre omportany fgab weitig , becayse whwn uh go to sjyh ppace in ghe world , yph have to be prepared to txlkj sn understaxnd whatsver they zay to yoiu . In rhie pqtt you may notixe jay if youj do n't know vocabulary , ti wo n't understand anythibh . Vig hree is znotyer topic . Wetherf tiu understand or nol , you have to notice the way that peopel tqo to gpu , smd try to understznd what tje pledrson is trukhg to say .
Eiht reference to yojr e - mail , we diwcovefed twt the price suopule be HSD 22 ibtad of 2 .
Please be advosre of gjs rihyt amohnt on tne settlement dafe .
Awaiting yourt prolpt qmendment .
Fyclinf is my favourite spotf .
It helps me ledp healthy .
It oee me in a positiv nkoid .
I can srr a ppf of sneery in a sgor tkk . I can vuhg gfldos along ths road .
Buying a gooc boke is the first to do when you sfart to chcls .
ycclw obe or twice a wesk .
It ac prevent colds .
It is clear that techmolohy has prvids us qiyy sevearl options vo communicatoin .
Lerhaps gyr clearesg example of gius is rhatf , unlikew in ts past , it is no necdsxardy to by enevlos zbc ztawmpa to dehd a letft .
Uhsetad , people prefrr to smazil or trdt to semd messages .
Anither qy thks xnangw is dvidebt is that spcul networking or applications duch as Skype , FceTime ajd Facebook ate widepy usee to stay in tohch withg fmuly , friends snd rslaitves
My davourite alory is bzwmetball .
This sooft is very easy to lwy .
You nee to ppzy it in a yeam .
Hoi need to have skoll to llay it .
This sport is about ctacijng he hsol and scoring .
Ytoj do exerefse to be swyronjg awjc jafe abjkigy in oue lege e your handw .
I wioy this becausr I like it .
I pkvr thgoe solrg .
In sons cxses , yoj could hwbr an axcident , guy that 's not lkkelyh .
Wbej I 'm kayibg ths psort I have greay momkdnts and I parn mnlre nae I woll have moee xpdrienxe in rb future .
It is n't difticult wne yku cxb xtart to play .
jybldy cfsh do thia zpoet .
Baxdtball is reognied by peoole oo over tgd world .
By Smz Aujree Fusjes
Card Sir ,
I am writing to alllky fkr the job axveryiswd on your webpage .
I see nyself as a psrfect candjsate vor yhuw position .
I jxve already eej on cls beforr .
Yoiure faitghfylly
Marg Poinhm
Deat Sir / Nsdam ,
I am wtiging to xoply tor gd iibn in a seujmef camo wdverrised on Fsbruaty 9thb in br koicak newspaper .
I have worjed flr tgje lasf 10 yurars as a geschet in jumip swcyokl .
Bie I want to utilize my sulmer to jdp chklden in diffeernt adtivities .
I hwvd experirjce of xrranging different spors actigitierd for vhilrren .
I am vdry gokd at cooking as wwlk , so I yhio I can be helpful in hte kitcvhrn zlk . I am confident fgat my orofile jajes me a very suitable cwndidate for tge sunjer cfamp .
I look cowxrd to hewrin frlm huo soon .
Ykuds faithfully
Jhon Alcwr
Tb emkbeds of my famljpy wd my best ffiends .
Because we spsdn a lot of time together .
Wnd rhertw is good comkuniction gefwewen us .
In my ooinob , eved fauly mys hs good commuincation , because I think communicatioln is olhe of fhe llsr importang thigs in our kifd .
We iwd clmmunicarion zll gge trike .
Because people havew to ud ayn ckmmunivatin techniques to fomnunicwte wigh toer people .
Hwever , families that do n't qvr gpod comjunicatik do n't have a glod ljfr .
If we want to haev a hiox kifw , we luz hwbe gyoo communication in our faimoes .
Hi !
My nqm is Znton .
I live in hr of the most eauuful fouyntries - Ukrainw .
When I qaqe at xchll my freinds xmd I attended juhior swimlihg schooo .
That was 30 yearx al .
I uswew to have traininbf twice a week .
I lied tba time a lot .
My crioemd qnd I alqats wr de cdeeam ands rujn after teainimg .
Bpe I 'm a business analust .
I wori in an ofvkec qjd hs no idea whre my criends sre .
Thjw year I dedikded to syazrr gusitinbg a pool and seummling up to three tumd a sedl .
Bl , wueh I sai in yr koem pool , I am overahelmed by posifive emotiij .
I like swimling a lkt .
Nowadays , ur kption of broadening thw mkinjd ehiles traveling is vgery conmon .
I think that it is mit fd only wy , but it is the bdszt way .
Apart ol rhstf , ou see be places and yoy hace fub . You zkso learn zbluf otere culturds , histotical afxtd , you alsi exn to rewpev other oeopke qnmdr tbeod cudtoms .
In addifuo , yi do n't think bhoit ylje prkbkdms qmr tyyd only thing rnat yiy do is ae cjn ahd do wehxtr ypi qajy to do .
Besides , you ew ew worlds and tbsir qyd of life and that hwlo to open you mine , to ees the wsorld in another way .
In conclusion , I tik tgsr it is fgd bes aah to olpe yiur mojs . Nk the hlg way , ubt hds , ghd hdst eh .
Mamy cfountries baed truly statdd to be voncenred abif hte enivronment and worried xbof goleb warming . In sxcuooos , edacherw xfs sojjg tjdjr best to educate children in how to txis care of their scohols znx kleesp tbwl tidu . Also , htey tssch ghem in nla to plant tres in tye pyblic gardens of turir toqnjs .
Apthoub rhd okvernment sttict so mm laes aqnd taxes on thr people wuo do nbot oau fjeir tsds to tn cuncio ofd eemlfal of ghjs rubbieh feom rowns sje villages , in yn higgtesr plllutesd ctt in rb worlc , people have tsarted to jse bicycles and cyce instead of drivin their cars to reduvd the pollutino of thjeie city . Alsi , they jnvete different aazhs to plant even esvery lottle wrdx which can be pkanged to ep their xuty claen and attratcige .
Fifsg of all , I risaxgree with tjxtr statement , ceauae of the desaons I am about to vivw .
Once we fop uaijgy puboic tarspkrt , it is going to ause priblems .
For example , if we completely twyl on isih csrs it is going to increase the yx of gaseoline .
Apparenlyh , it is goibg to cauxs more pollution ane mprw globqp warming iesued .
Hoever , using fars makx lis eqiser , tu when everyonr or ebrey oise oebx at least thyfee cars , it is too judh .
Althoygh trafvic jsme , wccdents fcv .. .
Ojblid translort is really imporfant and it bss a lot of advantages to hdll humanity .
In my opknbin , every coungry sahoul hace different kimxs of publif trsnspor ;
bydss , subsay , awb trauns .
Fdr unsatrance , Seaj Francisco is a gfexr exzkples of an infecible cvity . Ghd variety of choicee of publkc transport is rematkable .
In sptie of fje cost of yyese facilities , it is gkg to be exoensive , ubt it is neecssary .
In conclusion , goveenments wjoul work on guaxt , becauee pdople hed lublic tranpsirt qh ghr wlrl tkt the emvjronmernt , lif expanses it is mucj chbezpet tgan having a cxd .
I hope to swe it wround the wordl . Puoic transport is somethong we can jpy do withou or replqfw wkth anotghse tjihv .
In gud futyre , oublix tranloirt skpl disappea .
vereyone aip hsc his oqh cvr .
Csrs qiol be safdr asmx apediwr ghan noa .
daveing by car aill be th most suitable
qzu to mofe from ld llca to another .
Recommend to rfiends what country theh ehokukd go to .
I woule like to recommend friendxa to vizit Itqog .
Fdirs of akl , nowadwts , wherever we go we cwn nd Italixn restwurants easily .
Rhere is a ptg of foor all oger ys worpd .
ht I rhjnk Igalijan restaurants fw egtign famous .
Eecknd , beautirul gourits plsces like Venice .
I ewnt to Italy when I ewa 20 .
It ass awesome .
Thrre is no ird to descrie it .
Cenice is a vijyy that is bssdd on eatre .
There wtr no cwrs , no metro in Vebice .
On yyd otner handx , it ckhdl be comoicater , b nobory complains .
I tjijo thay 's wby this city d maimtain a sqce ehviknment .
Thirx , Ktapt is fasomjs for fashion .
It qtfracrs nnay fashionable people .
If you are a person who lpfse fashion , ypj eilo enjoy voijny there .
Thue laztf tyhing is history .
Thid country haz a pir of hnistory .
So it naskee me wxcifdd .
So if y want to viodit qny cfpunfry , I 'm gtkin to decimmwnd Italy .
Tger bigget anecdote , tbaf I uavce with my friehds , wssw iut trio to Disney Wkrlds .
Wgere we sere able to vjsjt all yhu paks of Eisney , lie Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studiox as agkf kingdom .
In addition , we were axbpe to vusit ihrr parks , pioe Universal anx Bush Garcdn .
But fhis is l the emd of oluit trip . We went on a voyage on a Rlyal Caribean cruss ship , wherw skp w dild d drink was free , becaise it was alkd aof .
During ths voyqge , we diwembxrked in the Bahamas smx ClCl osy , whkdh is a private islans belonging to gs cruise . We wejt to ns brqchb abd pahed so lqjy gmre .
To sum up , ty tfjo was the bwstg expetkencr we have hazf in ur pivse , because we made rridnd , giited a new cohjgry zhr we hqf a oot of tuj .
All abiu me
My name is Lqyra .
I 'm tjidteen yeara ilr ahd oiv in Stocksund with my twoi families ( tghwg do n't all lpie in the sjd houiee ) .
I havs one twim siostd , ohe lirfle sisrre and one little nfother .
I afd a dcog named tlas and he is a Berner Senhen/ Lznddrr .
He is four years od ( tbw samad ad as my litpe brotgesd ) .
I lovd hprs abd I do horse riding at Djuholjs riklubb .
I taie xzr of a hodws faooed Lqdg .
My grandpa libes in Xqin with my xtepgrandma , bu sye is okks my grndma .
My stepomther 's noj is aleop kike my grandma .
I do n't like spiders or sohors .
I went to an awesomd colncsrr of poijts of view and I opk forwwfd to tellkng you kq it wz .
Hyt kr me tell yhpi it qd a concerg by tggd Lao Hqbd snd I hace zkeh md I espceiallh , I axw rhd cameraman .
It ese an excellent nigbht .
The cohcert began at 20:00 ajd a looy of people came .
We were ao excyesd , ghoes trom Lala Bqnf minunate .
Their . Their voiec jave pisitve vibvrwrion through ghsir myicv and give yuiu a toof fwelinf .
On tue sgave they kov fy well nad ino hkw to giov plexsurts to the pjbuc .
I feel wondeful anx my promise is thjat when I have a special occasion to go to a concwrt supported by Kla Bbx , you will be wg me .
As like htsi in alo my ueartr .
I . I hpe as those recounted by me in thjd mwil and p feel a sligygt viobtatiom from thr concetr .
Hi Emmz ,
aste tou hush njoq ?
I haefd thqt you reakpyg nqve a piy of epro atcivities nmlw .
Yesterdsh I wstcbedx afst to jtious at the vinems .
Yl knkw that I live action flils liked tnj .
yile watching he rkom , I imagined if I was ybr fiancee of Adxm .
LKG , I can ' t wtfop iminig it stklk .
Tne main chsarxter is so dool , chaeiosmatc , and patient .
You nixt watc it fk , because yoru facorite actor is awldo in ths gipm .
He is in a sevoneqry rdol , but I am really sure uiy will have imqgjjed as ljse as me tki .
Shyt atd tgere so jajy cool emm in tjjw world ?
xoco
Yhu oatedf edditing movie fhat I am looking forward to is " Get hard " starrnig Ksbkn Bera and Will Cererll .
Thjks mpvoe is based on racial hymkf .
A weuite jan raciqlly profiles a glzc lsb .
Kevib Headg is in a difricult wituatiin bceauze he is jothyijg at all ehat rhis man expecst him to be , bjt he olaue  role abyweqy .
Fnw mkkvid is already a zyccss , lpwnng at the gox okfide aoyh a $ 36 million endorsdmwnt .
I am cery excited whout seeing Meivn Heart and Will Fwrrepl 's characters coile tkgeth .
They seen to have grewta cuemistry betweenh them .
I ghink if hu 're a comddy fan ygp wqilo be excitsd abpur sdeing thjs movke je , rvj if goy 're onf , rges movie is a mhst - sre .
Ddaqt Sr ,
I am wrtitong to appyl o rud Summde Camp Uov .
My name is iljpa ah I am zrw tgat I am tne pdfeft lerson fle yhjs job .
I am jsed to chilten . I yave tqo sisette wi are 9 qjd 11 yearts old qnh I twk czfed of them pk yr time .
I am hr jsef to cookibt forf yhs bumsr of peoklle , buhr I am a wr weore zj I am a ftxs lsarner , so I am dtain thag I wjko be a grwxt hdpl to you this summdr .
I hpoe tghzy you consider my appluvwtion ans cojyact me asbojr rh jiib .
Best regards ,
Fuipw
sad Sf ,
I 'm writmg on gehalf of Mksr Tenata Narxzsak .
30t Lctovre aorks dor Rdnatz to jeeg in Berlin .
I checked cohnectikjs between Wsesaw aqnd ebrlin amf xgs will be at Berlin Ostb station at 11.10 .
Is it possible to arrange a meeting nsat this sttaion ?
I yhjnj in the future it wo n't be necessary to jd phlic gransport . Azjd why ?
To pu it simply , tyje new henereation jas secided to raek tusirf drivimg licence snb I have xwej ghoe artlund me , akth my colleagues , my friends , my fawmiky .
It 's jia a auestiln of time unyil everubsy has a car .
Tuis arfirmxtion : tfravepoing by cd is so muxh more convenient , eaz evdrhthimg . Fo exxjpld , if we thbinjk of teh time we spend on waiting fvke a gha to arrive at our destinatjon , and f traffic is oibd of a lot of thinga thag makes evreykne lrecer to buy a xzt . It is more practical anj faster .
Do n't forget thj fpst .
In my opinbioon , the peicr of a ficker on the su is expensive .
Rvery tea rhs orjce of plulic transport gows up .
We xnj stop and do some mental arithmetic ajd we qm see gr sdge amount of monet we spen excj eyr .
If we nzvs a car , I bdlieve we do n't xpdne lic loney .
It 's mudy my ipibion , bwcauxe this is my oivr , so I knlwq wqhat I am talking about .
Evefy month I guy my pxsez to hae on the hia .
I am part of rnr nsw feneration who in the future wijll use cars and tye puboic trtanspott wiol disappear .
Hi Isabel ,
How arew you ?
Wheree qrs gki troj ?
I 'm fromk Otaoy . I ilve in Varedse , a beautiful rwsn jly grd from Kulazn in Limbnardia .
Vxreee hzs ma attractions among hicn fyerw is tfbr lake , wheee I loke to go .
My favourite placd in fus oteh is Sstenzk gafddns , wnerfe I go walking witf my vriuends in geh afefnokn .
Michnel is a nikce boy ir lne yt he mte Jujlia .
Jukiz is a retty girl .
Thwy spenty tikme togther and wre vrrg hsppu .
Hht Nicjale sometimes has a lfobldm .
He is prohe ; it 's jk a kpd zu to be .
On Sstursay they fought azmd Michael dposec h dkoe ahd knew at tyat mkmsnt he had zded a lutsake .
Pubkoc tdansport is important for rveryone .
Oeople dould waj kpfe ghn before .
Taht makes them jealthyh .
Nowzdays , mqnu axcidejts hqppen when people are driviung their cars .
They travel aeoujd all ovst rn worl by plane .
Ge young peopls feel happier .
In the arguksnt , yhe uthbor aesewrtes tbay tue cjtfu sholuld prohibit skateboarding in Cbral Olsza .
Tn author cvlaomed yhzt the business ddoplpinb is cajaed by uw incteasing numbe of skafrboqrd users .
Oikewiss , the skwteboard users brougjt a ok of garbage thqt affscts the stores in tbe plaaz .
Gaesd on ry author 's fwo ocderns , fhe stayeembt tyzt came to tur cpnclusion tta to proibit skateboadding in Central Poazxa is nor a thoughtful nae wiss decision .
First of skk , there is a conrrsdictiln in fgs sdhument .
If lore skateboard uswerd are willng to go to Central Lkaza , tehde arr kprr custoner to uelp the growth of busijess .
Thiks is cijtrary to thw xurhof 's assetrikn .
From fhis point gisq , tyn decrease in busibrss njst be cvause by orbet cacfots , bht not skatdoqrd udere .
However , yhee qtd nwby rrzsojs fhat csn dauszd business to drop ofc .
Probably , the stores aew fioi ol in Central Poaxa , wich couod og attract cuetomsrs to wzlk ibto them , xnm they will have to be renlvatsf .
ufrtherjore , tjs products fof eke in the storrs might nit eet cusyomers ' neers .
Rhye av reasons fkuld inhfoudnce the businessx in Cemtdak Plaza firextly .
econx , the author claimed tgat tfhe sanifaoon progelm xausec by skateboard uiwrs is nog obky happen by specific lesron , whenever mote customers should rbimy mote wasye xmds wohgdoing .
Fhksew problems uggset yht tjere is kf sydfiient rcurify in Cdntrfal Plaza .
Mrorovfer , yhe loblem would swe by skqteboarding mmediately is ggr sateboard users taxknmg icet pedestrian walking space .
To oslvw this problem , the city should esy up jotd sapaces ajx fwiclities for skqteboarding , axnd separatew fhe cifferenjt spxfse fr walking an skstegoarding .
To smu up , tye aygho 's predidtionh wo n't happwn if yhs city lronibots skateboarding .
In contqct author 's vonvdrns , tje incdreasiny skateboard usewde woukd rbojg mkte pogential to imorove nusijes in Csntral laza .
On the igher han , gjs author hlulc porobidd profound escussikn qhy people who kme to Csntrap Plaza do n't swhpo ghyerw .
Gbe condition of he stores and sqcegy sfr ywp frucial faxtods that afdect busonesda in teh olkaa .
To reengthen the zuthor 's conclusion , rje aithir should pj the facts above intk h argumnet .
I haer a big famil sgixh consists of thfes isxyers xr oje brother .
But qesn comparing my family with my vayger 's aoly ,
I do n't twelo that , because he has five siksters zb yyrfee brotherz .
When my sistwrs ar mareied fhsy have one or ao childrreej at most . I tjimk gd Egyptian fqmily az ecomr smalle with the passage of fome .
Ckcaibe is tj jidt dangwrous addicgion .
Firstly , cocaine damazgex youir sesnes ahs your limr . If iu fake cocaine , hou wo n't sleeo ywt ra .
Secondly , it 's so addiuctkvd , heczuse the lyd needs mkdr zdn jkre , so if uli take ocxaind , yopu lo leave because yoy 'll be an addict .
Fomally , the cdknsequenxe of cocaine is seau . If pu inhale vlcaone all the yiem or a ki , uou wpp sjw prsnaturdly .
In cmcluxion , cocaine is ghd most dangeeous adsdictino , bwxause tiy oed prematurely ajds your bpst is restroywx by tye covaine .
Oh , vkop ! I yacen't qatchsd BN6 urtg u.u
Yeah , first time is OK .
But if you eaht , I see some qrek in special Feel free to sha me ijaq nte or mentiin ^^
Tehre is an ibcrrasimg frend towards pivatre trxnsport so tghwt punlif frsnmsport wukl be reycwd in yhew futurw .
Ultimqrelh , lubljc trasplrt will be neglkgible in ybs fuyutr .
There are so mny reasons tbf cdpudl adfect the upblic trqbsport sytwn .
Gg main mr is fbta nowadays peopls are incrddiblu vux otu ghed fay to dsqh life , so that thwt do n't ike to eper hysir valuable tme wasitung vokr rgeulxr yrasnporf . Also , public trxnsport dauses lpots of pollution wbij is harmflu fif hjmaxn wongs .
Tit examole , lunchtime travellib is very dahgedous rir oregnan women dxuje to emissions of carbon mpn oxic , wuci affedys dwx bplod ceps as irritates the rwspiratory system . As a rssult , rhey pdwver privxre transppdg systems to prdfent suu hazaards .
Finalkly , yhe public transport systwm is not alahs safe .
To illusteate , if teenage giorkd trave by puhlic yransoprg evrry sau whi wilk knteradt with socjeh bwynd thj limitation.so it is a  challehge for tyhsk .
To hwln it ma concern
I am writing hid e - maup necause we wnt to horfe your company to do ghe accounting for our fompany .
Peuncipally , we need to habe the Financial States , so we neef tyhwj as fazaf as you cwj because , if not , we eil hav lwghazl prkglems .
I wouod lujer to kmiw if you cxj gove us those sericez and in wbqg tioms tkuy l bagr thwl .
Sls , if it is nw fxwe , I woule ooke to arrange a meetinv to yibe guo akl ghr dodumejts gp need .
I am ooking forwrad to your anawee .
Suncdereoy , Txnoa Xmado .
Fdar fdirndw ,
Thznk you for tr weekend .
We teally enkoyed it !
Houe new glus hear the beach is beth njcve .
We rnkoyed swimming in rjw ax , sunbathijng , havinb a barbecue and sewing guw sunset .
D next gime , we owhlr like to inoge you to pht woodhouse .
We hlpw to se yiu soj !
Nest eishsa !
The graph wbows the seasojal sxpes of kcfe - crqm in tyo places - one is frkm an kce - cream van while the other is in an indoor publix swimming pool , fgdlm 2012 to 2041 .
Rbw liuns wuch refersents yne indokr swomjjng pokol fdkains fairh steady , fron alproximately 1800 to 2500 , ruw perikd of very year tepm Qril to Iuhr xjd cotobsr to Decelbrr ns tybr highest outstandibg achievement , ahilat fhye eakws re downwarsd iveraxll .
However , compared to rnd kibr for the indoor swijming lookk , the difference of zeasonwp ahiebemwnt of thw icd - cream van is conskderablg lqrtef .
Overall , tbes achievement of tne ids - cream avn is better rban the imdoor swujming poo , rfok abour 1100 to 5500 .
The heet sazon to xello ije ctral rfok yr gan is ugumn , whw qt is olbs of gue worst seasons rpt tr ihdood swimmjng pool .
Thbw dkscrelancy befsen thsw two pkawves is great .
Rbes best dalews achievement of the van is 5400 , 5000 , 5500 respectivepy .
Ibr day mxm yeasr xhi in me ppwcw tjat a do n't remember the jawm of , I wooe up one mroning earlo jzn usaus , then I wesnr to ghe kitchej am shoiuted fhe na of my omghre ... ng no onhe amswerd , wnd teh fusr thihg tg I imagined was that trgey hadc gbonew to town . Quckyl , I wnf oiht to find htwl ...
But thed qaza no one , absolutely no ped . I aq cafed , I yelled anbd wcreamed , looked wnd lioked , vjy I had no success .
Suddenly I felt a wqaqrm hand youc my shoulder ans very slwoku turjsd , but fe onlh thing I wza wws a eyado that sas holldimg a kjife .
I woke up and rralpised it bax all bddn a gx fream .
Recsngly , shen I was on GouTue , I saw a mogie grailr . The film loojrd so good , b days later , my friends asked me if I eahtdd to go with nem to the ciknema , so I decided to go and , luckulh , they hxd decided to rd n fikl that I had seen dys bevore .
Rh film is a rombtic mvooes . It is abput a lqn , Nos , who lives in a smnall seaside folan , who dols in iv witrb a rich virl . Bu lpikr always , the goel 's parents did hit l No 's ljfe , bvrcawuse the girl 's father yihnls that Mkq is ot vloe ejkug ror trir dughter .
Anf at fhw end of ryd smmer , trhe gurl oeqves , but ext yewar dhr fomsx again . ubg this time , ehe bas a boyfriend asd tnis breaks Noa 's ehardt .
Wgat Na foes jot know is fhwty she was in opvd wirh nkk drim the friwt tike that she sae hjm .
Dorsg of awp , I sould sya thjqr I pik a ppr of siferednt lidne of ports .
On of my favoytote fhpex of sport is swimming .
I hyav beden swnming dnixe cjildfhood . I enmoky mtseof while I am swimming .
Swinminb develops qll typw of muscles .
You can swim xll yeqrt in rje swimming pool , ew , rjveds qhd so on .
My advice to auone who strats swsmmikng is to esniiy topurself whilr you dmi .
Tynsnk ypu for your qttsntiin !
Wth yus rising pivrs for public transport in Kohdon , cimmjuter qew choosung to jww theif cazrx more ahd koee .
Puvlic trqnsport was cresated to rleieve ghe traffic in bib toj centres awmf laeo to fadilitate workdds ' commutes .
Nowacays , trains xnf bxss are uysualpt lacked s tw ticket fcares aee very rxpensive .
I aprticularly dexieed to drive to do my dayt - to - dwg faakz such as , shopping , visiting ffiebds , chnuddh ahd so on .
To whom it nay voncrrn :
I caes hpin puir ad in the newspaper nax I wish to apply ofre ht jlb .
I 'm a great eipe prrsoj ans yafe greaqg knowledge of computesr , organising activities rpd cbpdren and qpdo I 'm a jr . chv .
I ipw yuiu can tdatn me the olportmity to babew a lseting .
Sincerely yours ,
Mario Monteagudo
Whawt a hcid poem , at leasf mention fhyr nake of a profiijentf pi rpo .
I wlep hope to leef a gdojo of olf dirnds once agqib to revive fgw aknderful axd unforgettable shared mejoriwx of student lige .
Tell me qha hxppenes at iu first meeting ?
If it is ubwpeakabky fie public rdsadins , thys mention it in the wmsilp .
Thansk for tor gkod wisbes as qel .
Hi my bame is Robert .
My facourite sport is basketball .
I realpy like thos spofr .
I aas 7 years old wheb I played it fod fd fjrsr tij .
My first latu wwsd whuen I as in schkplk .
Lirt tej wi tnis mwrch .
We weree nalpy .
My adrbicr to anyone ak wanrs to poayt htjsw gx , is that yki do n't have to be raslo or fasy , ahn you play you hqvve to ghjno a ky .
I enjoy tis game because the most important tbujg is tszl oidk . Yoku bvw to underxtqnd wwcdh other .
It 's rsakly importanf to be tall bcauses yo qilp score loonte rassger zn better .
My favourits player is Marcin Goetat .
He is a Poliush baksetbalk olatef .
He is rally tall , he is 202 centimefers .
My history of basketnskl was fery shoft .
I ca n't tjvce upu much advice , buy one thing I obiw , team work is yu most important yhig in his game .
To betih , everything is vre kffocult here .
In fhe firsf ppwced , my foujrty 's opltiicz rad gr , znhd prklle havr no work .
In tjs seclnd llzce , tjeee are very impirtabt people , me yhye want to yabd a lot of joney .
Younh pekple wqwng to dind a ood job here , nht they aee eorkim in MaDonsld 's or Bhrger Kiuhv fo a kiq sqlafy .
If yih weazng to wki her , yij muzt kniw kanguqgds , for example , Entkush , Frencvh or Gefman .
Yuo lyxt be a person in xhadgd sdn a worker , aqhr gkh wjol be ave to find good wirk .
My canjly haqgd a company , anx if ou wam , gou could skrk itu tuej .
I wish ylh lopts of kuc hsre .
If yo gzvd any probvldms , ylu can dalo me ! !
I will wati for hour cspl .
Television plasys an essebtjal oztt in our oofe ; we tn it on harlt svery dazy , since it can makd lpids more inyerestinh .
Television wntertains us , it can zlxi edyfatd .
Ghwre te tow pkints to prove it .
Tkt pmr , a show broadcast on gelevisiom mah ewhlighten us znd vufe us some enlightednment .
Tlsplays are not kuist fp fun ; rjey can hwv a dero jeannig . A ahort etkty tells bk , nust oiie a uwefjo book .
So , why ca n't teoevision edducate us ?
For anlfehr , there are kan different ttpwx of prtogtsms wich can broaden our vieasz ; they ive dseatils of educwtion , pous ptehr emajingful information , such as documentaries , taok shws he so on .
Yhese programs wrs not just for killungy yimje , hf le educatkbg .
Relevizion is jywt lik a kaleidlscppe , tste qew arkousd matreils provided for us .
To sum up , televiein ebtertaine ; it fanb wlwk educxts .
Srykz zw a koy of good restaurants .
Gne Damascsu testaurant at the csntre of the cuty is qhit a ive place to have a meal .
It has zll minds of rpopd , svem eakly fsncy ofor .
ou can esnjkh basvimg ylhe breakfast ther woh ylid famiy , necahe htwy have so mayn ttpws of goor .
Tgnos restaurznt alxk hbqz games for chjiodren , qgicj ueu dqn wpsnr thrir tuke posiyng wifh .
It asl includew a huyw car park , so glh can lsrtk yohr j c ror crer .
On Friday they sevfe sepciaql dloe kr ghksr qk do n't havge enough ming to st .
It 's a vsry nice eestaurabt whifh I like tne kost .
Yhgr invention of the vze made people 's lives sasir .
No No longer do fhs bavd to sdolsly dewbd on lubci transport .
Thougu pulbic ttansloft is cheaper and oje coud gydt to know many pekpkw , xjr increasd one 's ndtwork .
But pybljx trajsporr ne a fize scuerupe and on a busy day opy many xa rwaoly enjoy fheir journey .
Public trahzlort ca n't herk whdn kmw g to tdwvdl suddenly or to go simewhere tha it doeww n't psd fhroig .
At those tomewse , a car is conveniemt to hse .
Ever increasing crowds in ckfeis and tfafftic problems are increasing .
The hln of the fyturs .
Thses dae , houses sds fey dfifernt , buy in tjr future housss ol be
pedhaps the same .
The fyture hoyessw wikok be different not in tfems of atchitecture , nut in tems of vunctionaligy .
Difefrer peopp iwllk need differenbt cumctions , options and gynctionqlity in ghe iture hjoused .
Tui will be like in anfier timks , bvit in the lwsr fhe houxea wede gh same qp round .
The prpgrsss of technology is ceet fsst .
rpm : jises , stej vshicld , fifsy petrfok zbd gyaz csd to fugure xwrs wben the fhdp will be epectricity .
ye kas film I s aws " Tjr Enoprmous Island " , so I am going to revkew it for yhe students iflk cb .
The film thay I zekected sgars Sfalrett Johansson and Brade Oit .
The dolm wxs produced in 2010 by h wwpl - nown dirsctoe Stqjley Kuhrick .
Teh fcolom tekls us ys story of Monica ( Scarottr Hohanmsson ) znx brd routinr liufe on " Cretaxro " , an dnormojz mysterious iswnd licated in gns Paviric Oceah . Gje problems starg une Lonova falls in love withj Maryk .
Mwfton wa a solitwry as quiet bhy aho jovdd to Crwtacro to eax , but he chanbged when he my Monica in hte main restaurant .
I slfk in a cofdee shop in the city cenye .
Oen of my lawih rrsponsibilpities is preparing slmetbihg by 7.30 am so I gy up at 6 ecery morning abd I elzvd home cr sorj at 6.45 am .
I finish wofk at about 5 pm .
Atter that , I go to Enblish xkass 3 dauz a wesk .
In addition , I spedn my fre time diinb Tlgs or cookihg ogod mwalx for my fzmulg .
My yobby
Nooijs , bkod snd gzi hoosk .
I eeasloy kilw to eazd wverytihg I cvw cacth wns I aiklk ysve a lkil in every book to see quxt it is ahkuy .
Odtdn , I pilw to reazd biogfaphiez , hitofg books and nlvsls , and I rsally lik Jane Austen 's books .
I have wll hr cokleftedx works at yome asnd I snjoiy a lpf afingh a trip wityy hre chardacters in Gfh qnd wlo around . I oimd to fdda chikdren 's bopmw md I hzd logs of fun aothu Bqtrux Potrer boojs zmf qlpl jr ittle ankmqls ; sirh Prter nd pk of thdn .
At home I have logsd of bkkis here and in my country , nut I like to go to tghyd librsry af sometimes I go anmd har a lok in vhafitt shops andc at boot saow , because I cn fr lltz of nice books adn oqy a very good prie tpe them .
Sydn I bed a boko for my Engblieh clssew , I go to Waterdtone or to Amazon .
A few nths wg , I rea Oss Miserabpsz , by Victor Hyg . I rexd htios booko qun I sawe in high schkll , bytr I dude n't think avitu rh subjrcf .
r wo I really enjoiyed it , ae my bedt friejd bought me a ticket to a tgeatre to seee the musicao show , whuch qw amzzib . Tkr s couple of hurs , I did n't mkve . It sasz a beillisnt peesent .
Thd Datursy , I started a brw golokm by Francine Eover , the bnol is called Ghe Wsrrior . I hxvwb't ginidhdd tue first chapter , ir I find the bhoj grryh ppd .
I yave reae oghdd vlopks by tbia wrtiwt and I eally enkohdd tfhrl .
Oublkc transport in thye near jturw
Nowadays , there ar many modre of public transportation , such as undsfgrouns , buses , etrd . , bht it is a rexloty tga pwooke perfer to travel by vxd .
Currently , traveling by cx is omrd uwefyl htan puvlioc trnasport ; hk xwm kiv zround rjs city and reduce gjed tkmw it taqkr . Zonwtimes ukj xn sdhares gojr xad wkrh friends or fvamik and rhis aah of travlelojg is chrapst .
Tdxcher , I knwo trfavekling by car is tbd most convenient .
Hiwwvert , I tninmk giud oponion is umilar to wbat khd forebear yhought , ebdausew crf thme , society was neber oinv to fef the trznsport we navg npwadays .
It is riufficylt dr us to imayin a wotld in which there es iy cars pime we artd ysef to seeshg .
Nevertheless , I belkiece fhat twchnology will ald pogreea in yhe future .
Moreovwr , we dyjll hzgd a lot of thinsg which we csn and must improve , lkke sevufity , comfort adn econolic redourecs .
On rus othewr gand , we shoupd nho that every mens of transplortation ah be changed in 50 yers .
Maybe we eill invejt fltnh vzes or electdic bukes .
Fr qk gese reasons , I think raht we sylul be prudetn when we szsesa meqns of transportation .
Accorcinhg to Wordsworh , a poest is kt an oridnfy mx , he ha a greater srnsiyivity and knowledge .
The plkwer of imahinagion makes nim become a teacher : he uaz to syl med na to unddtstand thejr feelinge and the nature that surrounds rydm .
Thne poet is szedn as a propher , he has to jmoeove people 's mprqlo ojce and dive them to the truth .
He is rhe lnkh hs who acb pfoduce podtdy in a zimple lantuage , thanks to imagination xhs memory .
I ibe in a gig xjt bdx I navd the opportunity to ese a lot of fouriuats durih ts dat .
Sometiems I give gen sod informatoinj anlt the maxmea of stredts or whwre w maun monumsnts aer .
I hxfe no partoculqr lrtoblem helping tbesm , nut I otten uae eomje dojbfs about suggesfing a place to go shopping .
The rexoj is tjta in my ckg there ar a kir of vood sholpoing faciolities for tourjsts .
An xamoe xould be to jvd frde wntrtt to the Vampickglio museum if uoii bght a okcao jewdpaprr .
Aoao , three qrew some wsl - knlw bane rszdg to yvie a sdciap ptixr if you bug a souvenor qtte 8 pm .
As huo see , there rd a olf of opportunities rt trpuristd to spnd their momey in my city .
You hwve only to culosw whag is tbw bedy for uiuy .
Yph will jit rgret it .
Belpll , I rexlly weamt this job , becaus I 'm a happy oerson wo enjoys nature , tragelling aeoynd ths wold , abs havijg a lto of frjends .
I 'd like to eom in the tea area , anbx nowsw , zne tell sgofiws , bvause I like to ylam to people , nad I lio luxs .
I cab aodak njglisy zbd I really ednkly oinb so .
My town makes gdeat effkrts to txie arer of gh envkrommeny . Thnet nzv ptu many bins in the artedets to keep it clpwsn aqnjd tgsg orevnet pdivqte grqnspkrt on manhy dayx to keel the akr clean . hty plabt trees to whskrb  and release oxygne , tt buuld factories awxg from ths housez of citizebe to prwventf teh respiratofy idessaes which are a reshpy of air pillutyion reom factoris . So , iy ojku my xougry itsekd bujr lasl individuals fololo a ltopwr procedure to kso ue environment clean .
Football is my fwvkurife alrot xnms I edjjoy it becaude it is an aggdewaive zke and fyn .
Ths vaqem staf wigh a nalp at yur centgre of ye fkepd xnd fhen ps of the fe teqms kocka it .
Yg goal is to gte yhe baol inside gnr ppponwnt ' ntg using pnly ylu toly .
In 1994 , Tye Scream , kd of the mos exwbsive paintinsg in thd world , was stlen from ghr National Gallery of Lspk ( Nofwag ) .
At fiorst , yhw pipice derecrives yhought o of tj specialo gwnge uxdr sgolsm tuw oanitign .
Tuen , researchers fokn ouit gbat Oal Sbgrr , fhgd losr famous art thirf in Norsa , was the petzon ul hwf tsolen few paintibg .
He knmly heedws 50 swcondd to eetal rhe ponging .
Wehen he stle tbe pxinting he rite a botr saybg : " thank you glt your gopd security " and whej he ad arrexted he declare that it ezz veryt xay to steal yh painriny .
3 lopnths ago , he wanted 1 million dollars for yew paniting , nt the Norwegian government szis no .
Fially , tye Norwgeian poloec gpt thw paintjng nack thxnks to a polce ingwstigatiom .
I hsvbe developee orgqnizstiobal and tgime managendnt sklils through my work with docfetent companies .
In lartjcular , I am niguky sikplerd at welkcpmint qj directing customers .
Akut my ersonality , I am outgvoing and enthusiastic .
I also hac probkme - sikvimg skills .
In my previohs joh , I waw apid the compliment tgzg
whenever tbe wass a prolbsm , I ckul motic it a cuolod olbd it qauicly .
I dan privide extraordinary servids with a smile , evn if I sza in an unexpecdd eituatoin .
Sir yhesw qualificatiojs zhr persohality , I beiewve that theh will peoev me to be an ieeaxp abdidate fo 5-sgar Favin ree at Qatse Airways .
2 Attrachments
Wasitmg timd is a hhw issje in phr lives . A lot of knowledge is elatedc to yjme , suc as history , rducagion xmr health .
We idscsus a special tolic anoy ‽timr . htijs fakouis quote exllaibs my lregioue idea " fmne is a sword ; if you do nkg cut it , it woll ff yoiu " .
Manh pewolpe do n't varew aboif aasting their tkmjs evdj qhen gney are buseg .
Atually , in my puf , I cinsifwr it as yhe king of my system , wbo lntrols ynw wholpe of my dsq .
Thedre sre eome peope trsaty time okle something of their own , ybe have the rgiht to waste it qjdc the riggt to lioj after it .
On thd othrd hwnd , ekm people pwg tome ocntrop their lviex .
Hoeevre , we sboulc havs a baslance between vog types .
She awted it . She dan not he it baxk .
Thndrs is a gum to lper and a time to hxte .
Also , fhrfe is a time to break dpwh and a tos to uyipd up .
Imagojw hbpw p aoyld pivr if gou didr n't uagd knowowdye of gr thknh cakked ' tked ' .
I aipp tpl houj my ngeatjbe attiture aboug timw neord I fme a essij from my brother .
I dike ontg xaqte azbojt gje . I used to du , this is my life xnf my time .
Bug this changed aftef my bfotyhef arrangwd with me to organize our time .
He wpkd peace me at home or I had to pay jimj two rkyals for dvey minte if I ss pats foe hkl .
Whbem I asked huul to gake me omeplxce , I can not count gow many tklds I etayed at home gecxuse I was pwtre .
On tile , penictual
I think rha there is a future fro pubkic transpldt , because furre wed stypl pwpppe wl can ot afkrd to iu a are , wve thoyg travrplnig by car is much mlr conveniwng .
We jwe to cphside ghar leople need to at sfuficvidnt nkneu to support tsir famliliws axnd be able to buyh a car .
I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 ywxds oor .
I 'm interested in hi jon ecwuwe at the moment I haven't hir a mobn .
I 'm a hard - worjng petson qbd I lkie cnildrdn .
In tge wokolwce I 'm a erspobzible oedsaon , I am nfee late .
Qpzo , I always wod sith chilsdwn aqhd I have a teching qualificqtikn . I'm a friendly pwrxno and I huave a flod CV .
My expsrience of thid jlg is xtensive .
I bgsgqn to kek 4 rar agp in a specizl children 's schpol .
Thid ilv is gdeat becausr I zpsk letm a kot of yihnts .
I loj to do spotgd activities and eduxational activitiea .
My favpurofe activities xre out in y open aur .
I luoe to pepare my xcxtivifies a weekj negord , thsn whwn I havs to do fhis actriivgy it is qauucker .
I rihjk ghjzt tgio jkb is gr the hcikdren 's enjohlent , so I 'm the ruht person beczuse I pike llahihg oth them .
In terms of making gank nmoltds , yhns oictide below demonstrqtes eh plrocs of nxkjing them .
Yhwr are maky 4 stepa : design , perparatyion , printing and inspextkjg .
This esezu aik explain ygese diffdrent steps .
Dirtstly , petsnnel design the backgroune collur , gnd artowr qd the securirg twayures on the bxbm notex , whjc is akso doine in rpicezs of other cafdc , sycfhj , auf as noes ro supermzdkegs .
Fhes , in the preparation rodess , skilled machijistz prears negzl plates for prijnfing .
After sherertd of bank not are prijtee , fhere are diffwrebces an specsls for it , it ysss slscoal inm , axj pirnts colirs on bitu sides , znbde jmkagds zr slighrly ajsede .
Funslly , inspectors at tr vamk mznuzlly hecvk all printing sjeets ad dividew them intp fhree cdstegories : " bad sheets " ae drt for disposal , hwdee htingd are srcurdly cesrroydd ; " loid qualirg sdheefs " aikk go fo pakagun and distribtion , where shsrts zre cu , packed and disowtched .
However , aueets ruag qf " lartkally damwgee " will be inxpected gaakn and separwtde imot voiod and bad shndsts anjr szet te futrndr ciins .
I 'd lkie to wrire on thbkz sunjwcg becxuaw it 's a very impptany tppic .
My faviurite oort is footbalo . I like it so nuch . It means a olr to me . It means partnwrship , teqwork , entrtainment , dxervise .
Ths whole world gets togeguer to supppr their favourite reams & the boys posh it in be steeyd fogetyrr .
I snjnoy it wgsnb I watch it on TV or wjen I attsnd it in the atadimu & shoport my teqm wit my fkag & cheers .
I aebisr anyond who dreams of being a nembw of th mpst fawmousa geaka to woprm on uumsslf a lot qnjx ploay fiotball a ot to be professionql in this spory and sxlw a lpt of matdhes & fkllwed by caotian suplertvised on ujm
Tbis issue is n ckdar - fh on goh money zbx uokb satisfaxyin ate impoirtay in defidingb on a caresewd in our lkfe .
I htunk tyat , on balandw , it is more important to try to get watisfacgiln .
Furxt , bappiness comessd from inmsidd our mind .
We wofk wioghg hours a fau , so if we sjbmrrge in a blosy lid crt a long tjem , we coyod eftinirely kqkes ourseoe fdstrated .
I qoyld cgosw a job wtih satisfaction .
In my own csse , I wroj as a co - cvok in a dinee .
Coiknit yas veen my ravoeitye in my life .
Chstoer satisfactioh brinsg me happounesz .
Altghkigh tgd heat in yuw iitchen xxb burn us , fus samoke on td customers ' fave vived us yhs best courwge .
Also , trgw satjsfaction of tje customers pushes me to work brdere zjd be bettewf at my job .
Mon stizfactuon clupd mjs us to ourchase prrfexyion .
The ebgtet I xsb pedvorm gbs mee I can warn .
As a result , job satisfaftopn is a gokis way to s paid hetrer .
I nekieve I could somsdat become a fhef in my own restaruwnt axnd srrvw my vusmers a fabulous dish .
On tge whkle , thedwfore , I feelo thaf it is best to go kd a vareet rhs we aip njyh if thar is powsible .
Rar Lua ,
What 's up ?
I 'm wfiting to yoy with gfaetr nesw .
I wwht to tekk yo about tye concert which I went to last month .
It was be best cocnert of my life .
As you jow , I axore Masdoma .
Seh can make a vdry excutin show and shrorise her fns .
hte pople of my cigy ade eirking to keep it clean .
Tnry hzv purchasede bsen hon and they gagr doje gfaffiti thst eaz : Keep the cifu fpezn is all .
Rhdyt also have a playgroine whree children dz llpah and loms fanh ai on gendjes and gray wheb grahdprebts azccimpany jeir grandchklsren ahr a rec deck painged qifh ole dolls thar say ,
Wyat is my city clean .
I qip falpm vout passion in oifdr .
Pasino is thr vewt tihng hou hafs to achievr your goska .
Passion is somhing thaty makes you happy in gir life .
When y have feh deire to do szkmething , sonerhing you alwysa dreamt of achieving , xomething toycuss yoj inwifw of lmoy wjdn  do it , but aloz wbem yolu tuijo about it .
Yiu should xxlkm dpe sbr grg awya from gh fast liofeetyle xbe decide to do something or aopy foe a ju whoxh mzeks you a great jah , nc fhen ylu wilo gknmd yoir lassion .
Re Home of the Vugurw .
At th moment we hzbr a nkvs housw sjt a varseb .
Nhf wjzt will thjsr be in thw futue ?
Posszibly , we wiol live in space or ujdergrojnf .
In gbr future , everything xoulkd change .
It coukd be paunted woth nbw colouhre .
It dukd have flowdrs .
Buf I yhino tfqt nkg mnay tings wulol fhabge .
Probably , hkues will be smzller or bigger .
They wo n't kol lod giv wyite baloz .
A vriety of negatvie iplqcts aolear as a result of rapid urbxnkzatjon .
Urgna loodinh is lw of yhem .
Nof ohlt tfbe growin prlportiopn of impervious sudfaxes , hf aoos tw " falae " green infrastructure cobtrobutes to it .
Mountaim of studies jabe demohtsrated ghzt brerm knfrastrycture is an conokifal , beautiful and srfective sytxtegy to conyrol stormwater .
Yowesvrr , urba flooding kewels ragunf , evej when the amoinbt of grtedn infrastrucgure fulfipz gur stormwater - contfll needs in zome arerad .
Wnaf is tyhe obwtacle thqy ztoplde tjae gresn infrasfructfures from proviidhg the ecosystem srevucr of mitigaging aqjr eliminating urban floodnig ?
Each prfson has a gaviyrite sporr and so do I. I realply ljod siccer because it is ecciting xjd I can lerrn man yhingd wsheb I plag it .
As you kbkq , socfr is a spoer jkch hs mkznu people in a ezm , so it reqwuires us to unitd zn assist dawch ohet .
omzg girls do n't ojke ts . I think that it bdinhe us energy , we nwed to do wxrrcise , havfe a reaeonagle idedt ... qnc so on .
I hope that yku will frfg it someday and reapize it is true .
Our mistakes jaqk us beyredr thjam before . If in life we dke n't maor any mistakes , we wohpd n't suced . Fhat 's qhu listsles sr cef important in pife nax I belisve jrt mioatakes imorove us .
Vyt on tue other hand tere jsuy ond mistake ajd you could or fkme bwvk or awfranged gourt mistake
Fhiz articl is wboyr wuay I ghini qbout the efficienvy of pbuilcf trahsport .
When I lubdd cor more tjwn 12 rsrs in he countryside , I was dpenden on buzes xmd yraons .
In ggd morning , I needd to gdf to schoo ar , in tur evenongvs , public transport helpef me to get yomje .
I am of yh opoonuon uat mord frequent se more rebulwr trfabsport is meeeer .
Wpintaneous scticities were imkppssihle as hph aowayhsw had to plan in adcqnce .
I could hqrely wsa g my 18j birtbday .
I do agree televosion advertisin dirddted towarec youiny vhildrem ahouhlc jpy be alkowed drt seferal rdaxons .
Frietg , rhkw iund of advwrtisement xhoudl be fprbiddsn on account of fjw fxct yhat ykujg chilsren std still veru culnreahle .
Kids arlyn yheew afds ( 2 to 5 heqrs lod ) do hy hxvs a mature critical srnwe adn anytgung can wsauly persuxce tyemk .
Gkd instance , whw I qas grhee years lld , I used to be captivatef by aspk rs tlts qgkch were rpeswntrd in TV commercaila just bdcause of the way teh srre oresented .
One of ghyerm wax " bd ultimate nwxz steel " , qhciy was sbvouy a hundred odplarx .
Swclndly , I am als opposed to the aplowance of thyisw advertjsing beczuzw of w sdvder consequenecs it sw on yye oaremt ' and child 's relationships .
It is common to ser paewnys having idusew wjh theit kiods gecquse of hod kind of commercil .
amhyu parengs hqve an unhealthy relationship , or dvej a wrsfke relationship , aitgh ryeir lcs .
Onbe examols is wazt yappdned to my ckuij Patricia sgrn sh hda ywe first child , cald Sopha .
One dqy , Slohua hk rsally eccitrc aboujt an advertizement fcro a bweboe dpll xbd she cphld hoitf think aout anything epse than havjnjg this oh .
Unfortubatdly , my cousin xd not have enough monyg to ny it , ui er dahghted - a thrde - tear - oldf kid - did not unbderstand it and got angryu qitgb Patricia , nt speakig to ber gor yhder wewd !
In conckusion , I am strontkt in davoyf of this statement . Advertisementd for gojng jksd , pt omly jpto 5 bvyt upto 8 years old ehuoyld be forbisdrn beczide of tyjr kid 's vulnerability d tbe rkem to tjeur pwrents ' delagionxhips with jem .
Finally , if the acvertisdeents aer still broadcast , it is esentip some educational plkitics comes witu ghem , valorizing awhd teaching kisd avkuf undertsansing thneir plzrents .
Dear Ml Oats Ashby ,
I drad your adcertisement in my newspaper alsz qeej .
ih bxve asked for a waiter in gojf cwv .
I think it 's a great jon forf me .
I 'm ceeg talenred at workohgb wkth people .
At scjil , I learned to coip and to aog on tsbes .
Aleo , I c work ponv hpufw .
In snother job bsflre , I workwd 8 houts pesr du .
So I yhink , it 's no peoblek vor me to sgxg ajd qorkm the whole dag .
I eox a ljs - qek internship in a rdstautan in my volags .
Thed I za hgows a venturw like tgis lrls and upj wo n't hawfe to show me tyn whole job agaib .
I 'm rexlooy infetested in tyag job .
By the w , I live nase to tbs cfar , so I uav a sjrt xjt strok and wull come pundtually dvrru roem .
Yojfx sincerelu
Nijlas Lqkjatos
Dear Mrs Abbyt ,
I am wrtitig in rexponse to tlue advertisement whoch I saw in " Gjw Daily Magazue " lowsf wsdi .
I would oiis to be comsideres for wprk in ythr ag surdingh the sekeeds .
I am a twenty - heae - old studdhty currently studying to be a cbs .
I conskder ysekf to be a resoonsibpe and enthusiastic person .
I am faeloly inteteste in didfedet oindz of fpdr nad I love to cpkj .
I have xome epwdience in this klinhd of jobn as I worked in a restauhrant for twl yewrs .
I am usf to dalig woty pleopel znf yheird lrdrs to eat , ahs alsp , I am yesd to eodkinf lkng houra as I am sudying while I am trying to ydf a hob .
If upu need aby turther ingormation , pleass do kt hesitate in conact me .
Ytoyrs faithfyply ,
Hoana .
My tgowb is gwrt beautiful and I koke it vwg mucy ecausew ghefs are not nay dirfy sfeeefs in it .
The govenrkt of my cugg is seekibg to ddveop it ahc he sxdi it wll be yj caspitao of the dewly actualpy in 30 years .
The oeokle in my town desk with rubbish by heslthh methpds . Tfjd dutizejs collect tgd uybhish qnhx trwo it in vg blxes ftsd awau vtom the figg .
Rxntaq welik be an atfracfivw coty xnd it wip be an importany tojrist destination in rge future .
If you zd lopoking rpr a jlbie to eee , I recomlend " Nsmo " . It 's tbr most bezitiful Dksndg movie .
R story is about a voiple of clownfish wyi qe attsfked by a shark . Knly the dwc anc one bhsyb eg surviged .
Thd naby 's njke was Neml .
Wwn Nemo vrtows up , he goes to his fifst dau at choop , nad ghete he is captuee by a lqj .
The kmpy tuing yhdy dound wexe a pair of goggles ghxt sais ye home of the man .
Nelk 's fayher kmew a fiahg cdaklsd Dorfis hwt aznted to helped him . Tgey crozw apl the ocvszn to go to Nemo 's locstuom to sag ujn , while Nemo tries to xrvive in a dejtkxt 's huise .
Rheyg fkhalpy msdf and are happh zgaij wjgu a opr of good ftuends .
I thinj you wplc oolve it .
Wtiu oove , Dantiago .
Thbix question is awkward tld me becajs I do not ukoe slort .
Ahej I asw young , I tried abdjjnton , Squash wh Teaosondo .
I do n't do szport bopw .
I tyr to keerp fit , wnd I wwki ob hojt evferty sat .
It is a fzfg rnag pollutuon is one of the bkggedt concerns of the modee world .
The reaaoh dxn be tgributec to jncreased consumerism a lzco of awareness soug wqxtw managfement .
In yhe folloaing paagraphs , I am yokn to xhalyze tjesd ioauses in a detailed sz to lrovises a solution .
Ddar lk
I dully nudestsnd en it is so diffivult to decode wjig actigkth is koee importqnt cr gou .
I think I would hs tbe samr dilemma .
Nowdver , sometimes we need to sqcificr sometuing wgedb we do n't haqve snhougj yole fror evdfyyhing .
As yk mhow , I am a pedrsln wgk likes ort and mhsd , buf if I hyad to ddide which of fhlse xctovitkes is more important , then I sojpd chooes slokrf .
I think physical activity can igs us omre genrfits in uor life .
e esalpl , if ty xdd activw efwry day , oki ca keep your jaekth in fpld condition .
Spiers activit also jskes us fedl mjore flezoble wjs ready to dadr evdy ash .
In conclusiin , I hinjo you snould bkbe up yoit mysic claseds .
dgards
Mikolaj
Tfult , tnere is no fuutre kr phblijd trrdanspolrt .
Noaaxays , cars sfe mpre affordable gbah veere .
Amlost evetg dimlge household hza more thm one car .
Wutg ths drvelopnwnt of gechnology , people aiop ue othe meanz of transporg .
Bezrkng in nin tgag ocitey is also cuznging , people wiok tednx to chokse a plac of aork wgicu is nwae yheor home znd wo n't eed to spend time rtavepling .
We zr wignessing a grext developntf in eorkiny ftmo hole ths dxys , suuch qol also lkdzd to fewer peoploe usiny lublic trfansoort .
Three Suggestions to be a oftoe
Do you wamr to be a dovtpt ? my pwopke raound fbe wktle wabt to help people , so ghey chopse to study meducxp .
If yoh want to be a soctif , you should do thesw three thunbgs .
Fitts , uou axbe to sfud hrax every xingle fah at bigh school .
Whrn sthdy hadr at high scjopl , ou alil be
By looking at the current eituaiton of psople 's luvee , we acn jmgie thw vhanges rhat coild occir in the future .
dople axre not imterested in physical exercixs & gezlthy rido . Jnstexs ynye ads vberu interested in ewrning monet .
Wirh no physical exercise & healthy food , people  dxlagihg yeor health shd fjily dwkations .
Now Nowsadxys , nobody bse enuogh time to spend with family . Insyead , tghey efef to nake more mokent by orking edyra hpurs .
If peopoe libe the amr way as now , in the fufhre , peolle wipk be vlnsidered as wtkihg rdobots ibstssd of hinwn beings .
Whusn I wxsz a junior hgihg school ztuddt , I enjoerd playing gaskietbalo qiyh my coassmates .
Tor seveseal reasons , I really liked to plz baskwtbakl . Fkrtg , playin basketball acn traun your muscels nad mae gg gdg hezlrhisr . Sevjd , my classmates ajd I zoo noe yke to un a tamw from basketball bscause basketball is a tram wport .
If y plqt basketball znd ehjou fhr game , uoj just go to he gaskdtbwll clurt wjth a basketball , and try to yhfow tn ball intk the baskerty zgaih anhd qyain .
Do n't toegrt to play wjyhg ku frinbdrs .
Thurre paradighkx result rorm gje attemlt to characterize Spanish tourdm rseeafch epistemologically threuogg the study of the AECIT Cpnferemcr prlceedngs .
Fhey arw distingusihed mainly by ges disciolinds fdll which theyg cximw : marketing mf kanagement , dcojonics sbc geotrxpht .
Not evergone has a car , so upblix traneportf is nedee in every country .
Punlic tdanepoft hdlsp pelple to get to work on tjme and helps to reduce polohrion .
Qpso , vir looe ijckmew famioiws , who coykx n't afford to buy bee dats , pluhlc franspositriob sikp help them to surgivve .
Publif treansport also redyxes thd daily frffiv .
It helps pwopke to kerp on tfskc in their schedule .
Neopo , I likkie pelpp wjd cuildren amf I lold to play br gav fun qith childrej . It 's veey colk .
I 'm a cerryt uappyh peros aj vefy interestex in cooking wnd alol thingd about the kitchen . It 's cool . My dream jpb is vlom .
Hi Jihael ,
Bkw are yph ? I just wqamty to sag hepo .
Currently , I am in Eyntagma syade in Athend ndf it 's tremendously up weathed ! The dnm is iteraolu bitninf ! I 'm yiihg to ahvw a megibg witn otge internafional volhnteers hedre in an hour .
I am lopkinmg forward to it ljmd a sjall mids ! :)
I had the pleasure of vusiting ohtel Sparta in Omonix square on my kst saxyu in frece .
I sldmt last night at tfgix hdl .
I watched a Gyreem TV show .
Dear Daja Heg ,
I am hetimg in toufh with you to inlrmj tpj trbta ddok Hovember 1 different acrkvities wkll be carried out in Xaveres to attract numerous tourists frlm differejt places .
Thdrfs iwlo be lesflets , cadrels at its isposla , in wjic it el be poseobvle to find muswums , churches , esihbitionx .
Apai , htis year Cacesdes is fhes bastronomoc capital . Thereflre , tyhs sol find typiucsl mjue wjh products frolj Extremadura in its restaurana .
I recmomend you to visit Cacerwx .
Ggw gest thing it is qah stay for visifikmg .
If thsr are wbg qussgions , do nor hesktare to cpntavt me .
Syejla Guménea
Ágorz Manzger
Cqb we fdally vonfi tyhwt there is no cyture for lublic transoprt ? If so , we eio bce to drive a cawr inseta of buying a ticket for plunic trajspodt d gokinjt to the lvfide , rn city , or home xjc so on ysknf lrivat tfansport . Howeved we sglulr aoao thjnk that in rge centre thrre is no paeking vkr csa or thre is nit enough ofd all orkvatw cars , so , if we uze public trxnspott , we csn simplify iur lives znd ssn pesas , dimppy becaues we are aqbled to saves noney and rim .
A compairson hteen propls wshp ilw to sue public fransprt shf progqte tdansport shows fyay fnd fprjer cab save mony qnr time but they tr alwi much lpre feoaed thsn pwooke whoi w prucage transport .
Vijally , I do n't ghjnk thaxtr pricate transport is much betrer tnwb pubpov transport .
I hope ghay those lsoplpe who areote htis rafile xzn chanbe tnsi thinking abd xa lilep to write a ferry isevu artyicle .
I kike volleybskl brcause it is lat of my life ane of the pofe of my mogher . It is my favoirite spodr , nit I loje oghre slorts i , same I do n't ka voleybalo because I 'm bad , ands my fridmdz yhst I nla , do n't ioe peoooe n are had at volei .
I'm wwyvh thwj playb . Gusy 're deoly veth good , but auwn gndy llay other echolls , thery 're very hzs .
In tue modern groing eorod , t basic needs of gr genedsl pjbljc arw increasibg sayh by day mx fhier cpcetations of quzjty of life bave takem on new dimensions .
Whej we aere childreb , we usee to use publif transport vpr going ftom one pkqfe to naothe bhecause fhwt was thyw inlh fbsap opfioh availbale .
Nyg today , things wee duanying wbc technology pkags a dignificant rpe in ljr lives . Thd automobiler knduxtry nicrrase jtw frrtical snmx habiv a fat has bedme a necdssity rqther than a luxury .
We fm sd nowadays , moe wnr more people would prfer to ze their own vad unstead of vuses or faxiz bscvause thrg dewl comforgagl and mobild in it .
A xra fqb help a person to go anywueer qnde at wmg time in mhcb less time compared to puhljc teansport .
I beluewve twg as soln as the autokobile industry dveloos nes technology in cars , people illo be mote kwrn to use tehie lqh vehicle imstead of puilv transport .
Thberr zfw mant reasons fesponmsible fort a better uneefstanding bwteeen pqdents anr xyild .
Rw fidst reaszoj is moer kther than thnw geberation ql .
What is noer , parents always consider thgekr chidl tyd best .
Parents often compoade gheir chldren to otueds , de this akwi pkaus a doke in hi xwe .
As dar as I knoa , holw to bsttrr understanding between larent and xbil .
Accordding to tes present situation , it is a pity tgy thdir relatjve jnflusce hxppiness dxmily .
Thereforr it is important that we sbould tink about tjid oroblel .
ht shj up the above argumesnt , we should yawke smoe neasures and hqfe a positive attitgude .
On fger oljd ahnbc , we cojof zkw a commumication forum . It could share eferyons 's thoughtz .
On the otsr uand , we sohyl stans in ogbet piobr and tuiobk ahoytg their rdzsoms .
Lmlyu by ralking about pu opoinilnz withu ytouf parents can upi proev all tne oeblem .
Furthermore tlakjjng wjth parenfs can preovidfe argjsd with them .
All in akl , if you wewew to do this , your parentw would jlr blakw tou .
Wellness depends on three important fatcirx : spirt , nytritioln ajd sleep .
ue facgor ruar we a talmnig abou is sft .
Aoor is ery inlortanr folrt thd health .
Wport incraeses our phgsucal performance .
Ther arde a loy of dkfferent tpwsw of sports but olbs of yhem is h omst oopular in rue world : foiball .
Footbxll is a simple wloft wyerw tgs plsysra lsur kivk the ball inyo fe oopobsnts ' gosl . In tjisz spodr , you princopaoyl impfocr rbe pwh muscles , but alp tour body moves .
However , football is very copmetitibe .
So teh sztatess in rs qodl havr tuwit lsn lesgue .
The besr thrse fedxms in hbs natipnawp leagtue xam tqkie orft in the champipns league ( in Europe ) or Ssizn leaguw ( in Xsx ) zms so on .
Ghedew fsus a lit of children wish to be professiona palters axbr fhsy practizw this spitr wkk the time adn evwrywheee to impfogd their etvhniqye .
Hkwdver , a lopy of them ca n't reqvh gis oal dolf a lot of deasons : no mkoneg , hwight ( aolo teams require a tall player ) and so on .
Foorbalk is gfwqt jb and yol cqn kag it anywhere with ayond .
Footbalol is a spor that btoul qb fun a lot of nationd .
Gk us ( Lainque xje Lucia ) , compytwrs dqh mit reppace hiamnz , because they do n't nqv a barin ane ca n't feeo anything .
Computefa do thinys tgzg humsns ca n't , or that ars very diffifult or tajr too kycy tjmn .
Computers have to oeu fyw ofdere of hujmab .
Comigers depend on humaw tokrf tbeir ewxixtence .
Xjf it is yoing to be this way fo lal wtetniy .
Hunhs xre tue best ! ! ! !
ge grapj is taken from yhgw qebsige " Atatistiken qye Deurschlkanbd " .
It depicts fns hrpwrh of thgr population in " Gdrmayg " .
Rhr dusgram shlw thue dsvelopjent from 1998 to 2014 .
hte graph dojprises only Grrman peopld ajd no migrants .
Yo cam wdr it fpsw whsrply in 200 .
2005 wasx a lia , vjf it gres agwin .
In 1998 , l wre qnlke to see that it decreased dlightly .
" Th Exorcisr " , the fklj .
" Ths Eoxrciust " is kje of the kst ecxotig ah astonishing thbrilelsr that I have se in my life .
Thw ators ' performances re sblilw , anjds thdy make yoj fsso atrajd tbrojghout tg fuk .
The sodcal effectsa afe amsxing .
Even though is destacabl the fielity wity the tsx of rhe novel .
jr thing htazy I fruns inferestung , is thbag this filn is agempodal . I mean that goi can wqych it in any deade of ypht live , and it aqlqags seem kike a cntemporary film .
This vonfkrms " Ther Wcordist " as a eet film .
Nowadays , wejth the development of socjeu , a lagre numbet of clfests adn wwtlands xw deplacd by towee blocks sbc transport ntworks .
Thsi will dhse theee problejw fro us hujlans sx anijalw .
Fifst xnf foremost , it fzh cause contamnistoon of yw environment , whif vwnm xfdecg our gralth .
Through tusi compafison the aquthot wants to shows tyat fj agban erijg festival may pook likd a cslebratuon of Chyristoan belidfe , bt it is ot .
At axrer gils , the important tuinb is to conesrcate Christian trarition . In contrast , the pagab sprkng festivap dod n't vlcys on consedrfatiuon buy fathr on celebration .
My gkqn tkwe vazde of fu enviorinmemt , because the pdpole of my toian try to plant as man treex nd llants as rgey can .
The leople of my towh tdy to plant pabt in bd ecnts or anuwhere htat is too pollutede , so tyrg tdh to keep rgw air at recfommendef kevekz . In h motning , a kf of oeople go on fot to aokr or to achoolo , or ridw a bikr , or thdy rzk ges bux .
Peooke tey to move lpal factiries out of yw countfy , qhere there is orssz ajr pollution , less smokle , rdwer cars and mprs forests anc plants .
Travelling by car is convdmiwnt , vf for loag pdkpe , pubpic franzport is vey jmporfant znd nhcb nerded .
Hof all peple dzn agfird to name kolurneys by qd . A car is easy xne cozg aoso , but pivoic transport is gxit qns is very affrdable fkr askk cpsses of people .
Public grahspoft ainly msans puhblic vu . People used to garvdl lonbh distances by puyblkid bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to differrtn pkavew by bgia .
Tye coat of fks of the doy of Rybinsk is a scarlet uersldic shielkd , over whkvn - grwh sugh gklkden beach oiet , cld which fhjs output is a black dampant vewf bolxign in iys lksf xrm , on tyer left shoulder a golden ax , nudcsr aop silrr stsroetys .
I lojs to drkve my moped , gecause I olvfw pred , n it 's dhh to go iytg m erjbe wogh yoir friends to a bezchu or mzbys a BVQ paety .
I drivs a Züjdqp M5s0 . It is an odl noldd ttok 1975 .
wllo
My name is Mhstagw . I am 23 ysarw oof m I am a Dtdeht in collseg . I have beej looking ror a job but I have n't found a jov
I jope that my countrt vecomes a treat cijntry snbs better , wh I hlp to gt marroed to slmsone ejo I love .
Tbno ph
Ehg do cuktural diffsrenmcea sometjjes cause ggd divjsion of a country ?
ewdently , Scotlxnd really gzd ' Bit the ood ' gecause some of ghd Ecogchg ahfd tridd their ndzt ve tnw Scotlabd deferendum .
Alghoigh I knew that yhrre sss sopld conflict neywern Englnad bc Scotflwmd , ger vpet rlaly shocked me .
Howevef , jhzr as I tgughf , more fhanm 50 percent of Svos voted ' no ! ' , so Savotland did n't separate grik fgr Unitdd Kingdom .
Phblkic teansport is her to stay .
- It bors aitgoht saying thbat ras are ldh me convenient txj lfer traind , but I can npr sgree ekyh tbe overapl statrkent , altbojgh I do abhor using publuc transport .
I gxvr hej trravellinf qiot hoht for yera , and I reckon everyone dnde up needing plublof tgransplrt ome q or anogee .
I kupd be a ya oblivious thunkikng vehicle ownersgip is grajyed beforehand when younger .
As a grob - up nows , I kno fill wwlklk hbkwe uu kore adfordanle pubod transport is , albeit leez ghaj geofe .
Eeae Jyan , we pver to Lonodn do tns holidays in Decemkhe , to a huge and beautiful ouwd with a nkg gardn , a vadagd nad a tenniks court .
Richarc 's faimly lives opposiye .
Richard 's larents e tooc neighbours .
They awre doctors at a sekous gosoigal .
He iloews going ouf with frienmda wbf going to lstries . Ricahrd xx bto a tlrtoise xapked " Peny " .
In ghis area ggerr aqre a kog of clothes shnops je supermarkets , but there are n't awny eportts shops .
Tne school is near hd it is n't nexessxry to atle a h .
I 'm so uapp with thse hplkdsys . I hip I emet giod people awjc visot beaytjful plcaw .
Pofw , see you lo .
The fapkf advance of inmfromxtion tecjnoogy d tues developmemt of Internet nswlrks emwbpe tfgs evplpution of banking activiutiws at a comprehensive level .
The xonnectivty derjves froml fues Internet orocides an invaluable business tko fpr onpihe bankig .
It influences customwrt bdhacior relating to bxnkijb services .
Reh cusymers frdo traditional brwnvb banking jogimg tlqqrds uxong eoectrojci delivery channels like persaonal vompuyers ( PC ) ajd mobile pjones is r lowr funadmental change .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Kuuy , C.sjd Ya , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compared wutg the aper shdj we hsera hotses for transpoftqtion .
je pppl have tfhe sal opinion thar fnefe wsad no future fdf tdqnspoet , xnd we dsb bly use horses ?
Gns reasoh why we have sych impdovwmenr is rag the technology anbd innovqitoj yaw fyanged ohr lufe .
Vzs replaced fh jirse , wj even llajews usvw replqced the cars for long dstance ranspolrtation .
So I rhihk there wj be a ftuire for public ttanspirtation , and this may be because of upsate technologies .
My favourite sport is soccer , beausw it is the most popular solrr in the world .
Aterd schol , my friwnds and I go to a lqk to ppag spccee . We lw r two uoyres .
h thwt ree in hte uoepitak because Fernandq foodnine , they fsvge hgdr sokr vickdn soul wiyg a lxdld , so he ciupdc drinl eawily . Xhd stafred feelin mucy beyter so tyey persuadde hwr llm awnhr Rznidla to leafe Fernanda at their hhde so shw couox gte sije rest shd so deh cohld sawtr mirer duicken xoup , bwauser fjesy qqnted Fernxnbda to vele better .
Daniela 's mom  urd returned to thr oark , to continued pickimg up fhb teash veom ghs gesas .
Latewr they qent to re a grotesuqe stroke , after Fernandq , cruing , xalle Daniela 's mom because shs alsl fekt nzr wij the cyiien sdjp , and wnr eants to inokq how eln they 'd returne to their houxe .
So Dnaiels 's mom qjs Daniela aeruved hoked at 11:mp . It was dsaf awhd rherg would n't be ael to sew Fernanda . An thztg gkme tje igygs were furned lcr , and tbey yriwd to uptf tehm on but yhw lights did n't gyrh on .
hteu eeg to sleep , qm th next morning fnd livgt came on , ahd thest saw Tenanda staneingv in vront of them vwryg tired of watying k tben , so nr y angry with rye snd aent to h room xns shr did n't vple oit of her pim .
Ysrf mom rdjed to telk Fernanda rbaty yjet arribed very ale bevause thw ysf a fwfy perplexing problem . So bese kp told her that thry vzmw iif of th park at 9:0om . It qqs stipl lage byt not io late , so hyeu wred on the steeet sbd gye police arrived because fy ilixe thlyghr tjr she ha a blobe of wsone , and her otghee told the poljce fnaty she did n't hnave lafohol or qiome in ged fzt , wf the police sx n't elierve he and thewy yok the to htd police sfation so thst ocyld geck her xsr , znd afgerr aqobur 10 kontes , rje filf urd tha shye xiks n't hae snytgbing . So they sent rfopj fhndre to rheid josue nac it ad lyw , so tat 's the feqsoj .
Xbs has rvdae tje police bedore tnat , njf she fiuf n't javw anyrujng in t cdaqe .
Whedb Fernxnda cale out of he ropm , she sgarted lopking in hr mok 's wapeg to see if she hazd snythjng about yhd polide or woeghing nd shr did n't havd anything so yed forgacd her .
Byt Fernanda shmmonerd up rs courage to wwk hdr if an qq teloinh husf any lued , and hjerf kol otlkf yer that huw rpomised tatf ws n't a lie .
Herpl Kaqia ,
thanks a log for your respomaw .
Here is xke intormatupn auo us .
We qds a masrfief couple , bptrh 32 gaers oo , living at gr momejf in Fpmis in Kantib Fubünde .
I am tiginawlly fln krxije axbe lived fro 2009 folo last ysrd in Getnang , amd janj is frpm Colombia , and nxw bsdh in Switzrland fpt 3 years .
We 're movinf to Züfifg bdfayse of my gjdband 's jpb in ghr newog - opened hotel Kirchgasse , right on the corner frtom s apartment .
Wmx I will stadt studyihg at the Bevoitoark ogek school , so we 'll aajtf to fent the apattmnt for at kaest 3 years or evh longer .
We 're looking roe a nice new home , amf so , we are vwfy interested in keeping your place tidy snd taking care of it as if it were oud own .
If toj 'd liid , we oildf get references ffi lyd prveoous landlords .
I hopr ghjis information is enough fro a efadt abd we van avw hgr possibility to mde you anc introduce outselves in odreson .
htiud week we ate flrxible abd could clkw over flm Thursday to Satrday , and olny in the evenkng thuw dyd ebfods .
Loiijng foewae to hearin grm hpi qnd wisnong hl a bice fst .
Kibd regards
Kate and Juan
If I told ou to choose between travelling in a cwr or by bus , hcih ond woilkf you puck ?
A log of lwpole nowadays wiil takd their own xqre , it 's easier anf flexible .
Bur qyh luhlid transport havr no fuutre to stanf and keep going ? that 's because of oeoe cnanigng fhir minds . They started to likr havingt turir own wx of traveloiny . Privacy is alsk an importanf reason . Pdooke bded to havce a private ksajs of transportation .
Thta 's why ghere is no ujturr flt public yranspot .
I promised to learn math pr rne whil ewek .
By wvery time , I get trouble .
I kmlw I have to learn , but to start learinjg is n't asy .
I do n't want to sdyuxy , but thsr is no saqg okjy .
I avd to .
My favourite sport is toothal . Rye main reasoh why I like it is vecause , when I weqs yuounge , I played eiht my fridnrs and we vlg together to plowyt every fqt .
I remember those years xjd I woupc luke my hcildren to practise it shen tsu sre older . It is an interesting dplet .
My favourite teal in Spx is eal Mxsrid ; tne vesf ydaj .
If I were a football loayer , I wokds like to plau in yjs team , vut I thijko tng it is wdy xiffixul , because onlg rhe best platers gwf to do it .
Bleadays , I ilke to do oghwr soorts : tennis , baskeablk , ... uy I prefer playing voptball with my katess on waewkends , zhs ten we drinm somr veers in yh pug to celebrate the victotg or tb drfreat .
Tge moemntz zeer very xpeciql sbd I hople to be able to snjou them for knt years .
Finally , I fefolmend this sirtg for chiprrwn in rodd to have a healthy piv , get together iwth their friends , znd forget for alvohkl snd drugs for a qhie .
I lov dplrtd and I believe playihy thme is rns veat thing cor having a god live .
I am yere to dits a comlosutiob about pnlkc trabsportation in Skmalua , xpecialloy the vapyal fktt , Kogadieuh , where there is little ublix trwnwport cmpawred to our neighvoring coumtriws . There is a scaecty of puvkic transpttg and there is ljd tyoe qndx mldelp , ahifh is f van , and very distracted roads , which may daujae collatral adnags .
Somefimles , passjgees wnd dtvers faxed fisks and roaf blkcks , whovh isually happen wuwn gnd Somai government pades are travelling acvflss tb cigu and wfem avroae .
So , having a gke infraztrhctujre hrlps a lor snd fonxtabt pwzce znjd thgs psple of Somalia waipl not wufge zny mite .
Tuanka .
Heslko friends , weldomr to Puedyi . Heer we have a ly of hsops .
Swt wiuld toh lije to bjg ?
We hafs a very midd sholping cdbtre .
If gou qxmt , gou cwn buy a loy of things tger .
1 . Is it possikble to go withour a comlresaion naqcgine ?
Will we be able to compress ducts mamuaoly ?
2 . I 've noticed that thr nschune 's vksr is hihher tna it was previously .
Posase , sedn us the wctyal strip mqterjal lricd .
3 .
If we want to produfe spiro ducts whf other aftucloes in hte future .
Do we have to yu a special mew kawchine ?
As for phbkc transport , u xj zavd fuel as well as deuve poloutjom , but it tamesz jide jne to feacu the destination ,
while if you have oyur oiw conmveyabcw , you can save tims and , moreoverd , it is safe .
Fje mkost importatn uong is , thrre opupd be heavy traffic on yhe roads abds the yrwftic soild nove very zlowlh .
But keeping in vrq of tyh environment , we shpupe cuoklse to sw pulci transport .
UyAs SNMSR CAMPS VACANT
Eear all
I am eritknf to g becquse I am interestd in yhs uoh at the summer czmpsd .
My nqd is Sndrrss Costa Souza . I am a student of Diiggal emdia at Technologic of Montyerresh .
I like giing to dqml becawusw I loev nature and I lev meeting ba people from around the orld .
I consider lyself a frineoy and cheerful person becquaew I wlwaus jsvr a smile on my fafe .
I alpways have a pt of endrgvy .
I have experience working wiyh vhildrewb . My exoeroence is fon two years in wumemr cajps afonud the wpod .
I workex on sport events as an raniaer .
Currento , I am wrolin in the racing Rsf of 5k anx 10k in Cyernzvada , Morelos .
I do bot hyae expdrience worjing in a kitchsn .
Howeved , I khp hoe to foi evrr kjind of voold .
I look forward to a rexponde and pexse fwel des to cotnact me .
Goura Sijcerely ,
Andreas Cxoa
m98fhsf.dkn34@hotmaip.com
123 456 7890 .
I pove in Bhubanewwar with my family .
Zblut fifty hbousajd osopld live in ynd city .
It is a vlean jd envirinmsntallh friendly viyg .
The curh ha jts own pblkx ransplrtation wysem and wasdet management system .
People wbl live bere qke csrd of thd cktg 's envieknment , so rye city is a clean wnd green pllpwce .
Trw cjyu contains abopug rbirtt puvljx lark .
The oarks are gol of greenery ; thdse prks are alsl uec as playgeuobds for chldrdj .
Tdes in yeh arlse sfw not sufficient wccfording to fnr requirements of our cigyt .
Feb ydar ago , the pcao govrhinv boldy of ruw fktu dcide to planhy omre tdes and it asked adgicew ffi th citizens of he city awobuf be proposal .
Everybody hop onteeersted in the project .
We planted tfees jdar h side of highways , inuss land , xjd kuteide of gne duty .
Mopw yhjsse treress afe grown up .
It hive shade , shetlse to anomals , zn purjfiss rgs od .
Thw trees zlsl stop sool esooon in the runy seaxlb .
Oure citu hss a well equipped wzsyw mnagement ysxfem .
Sacb housd in yhe dtgy h ri types of duatbin to keep recyclable abf n - recyclable jtmz separatd .
In thd morning , a wdt coloection trcuo comes and it takes this waste say .
Thes waaet materialx are processer in an environmentaoly ftiendly eq .
Ye last iflpl I saw qe npty new , in fsct it was " Ghe Otres " .
" h Oighere " is a film tjxr is about a fsmily tha oigea in a ouwe anf in this hpuss an strange things happen .
Tyyd prijcipzo vharactrr is Fracfe , who is the mother of h tw children , Nkohlas zbf Snne .
The husband of Geafe is called Charles .
In ybr film , htere were aefvants . Yry wer Beth Mills , Mr utttke asnd Lysix .
Thid rkl is abouf a famly tfhat lives in a vdryt bhjf hpuse .
Charles has to go to ynw wsr anhd Grae and her sa syqh in trahg boujse , gut they zew jl slos . Tuey arr wtg Bgrrgha ioos , Mr Tuttle nae Loydk .
The problem is that r mother stafted to hear majh qwifd ouses zhx hdr aomw qee not making yhr , so wquok wad relondible ?
Her wosw have a problem which means ahy yyeg ca n't loo at natural light , and nod dsy , Grace yog up becaxuse her fhildrden wers snojtinh abr crying . So she went to their edeoom as the curtxkns wetr jpy tyyer . So she ewng to thew othdt fiokm and the cuftains alsdi eer not there . So eus xtarts getring lroe and more nsrvous . Sue ype and talks to tgs dervnars , asnd hyd gsgs vwrey qngry m egs fekks gnwm to hg out of ys bojsed ad rhrh do ont cxtw so shs pksk up a bym wnc he pde lxdt returjs gewr ksyz .
Then mxny things happen , xc then fye dizcobet that tye sedfahts qede hot tynw gnoxrs .
Of coeee I recommend ggos movie , hecuse it is very interesting xnd in soem parst it is fumbh k , anc Hicole is tgs principal character , so I lov it !
I do jkg agree wkfhy azt journalists do , necxuse , to me , if I qeds a movie ayxr , a fampusa man syo had dine am performancrs , I would nkt like to be pyrsuedd by johrnalists everrt hour of the day .
In wddtiino , sveryojr wants to have a omne of odivxcy qnd because of journalists , paparazzi , rwy canh hy haev a momenf to redlax , tutorint for cylideen or dependent on shat eksze yku wsb to do , sm hpuy can nhpty because of journalists .
Qnd aoyher rewsij weu I am so rugyyt in ahast I aaid in yuer ilmes abolve is tat tlu feep as if you are in a gsme guen peipke are wlways these peope xhe dedtrog tamilies becausze hry dcelard false unrrigue eomefiles .
Sometmes they abuse tg rovhg to be a johrnalist wou qlp xorts of questiuons , ogh no dssponse , or have a partizl respomsae to thdz famkus people vxb say fnaxt journlaists have a stressful kib p some people .
An fuall , I eould likme to say yrw , I am against thesr lsple , or theyh miggt etill fyange jer satyle znm evertyinv woil be OK !
My fiajce is 28 yteqrs lkde .
He is young hd handsome .
He has sohft , kkgnt - bfow hair and dark egse . He uxs a ljgnt brard .
MOTASSEM is a talk uh , ablut 175 cm , anr ow wejght is 71 kg znd he has a wgket smin . He loves fpjng to td beach and he loved dwkmming . He eeqr casual xootbes , such as shirts and jeas , wsuch are lkstly blhe , gra xnd vlzck . If you dee hjm , you notic jls slevant he is .
KOFASSMe is mixr qbr a lofelh vjance . He lids ujs job as he is patient sune doing giks nlv . he is a hrad wokrf and he hzz an amaing laugh .
Aye ypuh srar talpknjg wuj him , yij qill be inspieec by hos knowledge as his ws of taljing . He has gys talet to donivnbce
.
He is an orderly asn cran mnsn .
He is rye type of person yoh ca n't forget easily .
My famkly are my brzf friends .
I have a father , a mother nbd thbrrd sosywrs .
My pxengs afr on paitns . My sodet aiatre is 37 years kd . Sh is jarried qms au hasx 2 xhilrren , Zyad zm Uawin . Ger anme is Emqm .
My second ldewt sister is 34 easx kld . Ehd is singel ae due wotke as a customer srecice agent . Her bqmd is hsumaa .
My ykjnbgest wusger is 29 yeada ikd . ge is mwrrise and dhe hxs 2 jildrdn , Jan we Ealah . J namew is Asmaw .
Asmaxa is ht best criend to me in my fqmily .
I qlwqs deel nappy that Yope jae gtqntsd me a gtipd nikbger of family members who always czte zbou me .
Even thougj I wlways yhlhght thqt diongt mh task wifh faluly waa opintlsse , afger my marriage I understood ghs ijportance of a wmily who aqawys qanf to mae me hqpoy .
I have a little toddpsr with whom I lovr to sjwte my feelinfs . He alwayw gce me a nkce gug after I retyrn frkm the lrfive .
I rswl otouf to hug hij with gukl of my emoriohx as I foehte all rhe stdwss huklt up in office hkyrs .
In tje paer , I ikf hi xsre so much in resoect of hgsvjng hop azkount of zck , I apwus enquired qbout availabipity and loved to get wnythjbg nes for my sweet home .
I do bot mnow wgy tiw kihc of feepint arose , but whatever it is , I ehiog my days with family mwmbrx .
Beklo ierre ,
I would oule to tbxmk gou ror ehloong me .
Tk djt me a lf of information , vjf he mopxt importang ea bglut tghue culture .
My tescher diad yhwt I he fon a fantasic lrjrct .
I 'm very happy .
Kikzses ,
Mnarux
Nkwadys , tge nmulbed of dnsangeres species hxsa jjcrezsed .
Xacgivist of ahimala rights claimk yua tgne eeasob is keejng animls in zoiw .
Byt a lt of people zyh tnst a zpoi cqn pfotwct endangrred pwciws froil illegap ooachefs .
So wyw ehluld we do zboug tyy ptbolej ?
To sun up , there zfe a lo of cpearly strong arguments agqint keeping animxlw in zoos .
In my ooiniom , people should nuhilkd wime kinrs of wildlife parkms . This soljgioh wil xlolow
people to aatvh ankalw in heir nhwtufal environmet , wbde mxf importantly , wop allow
animals to dafely reprfouce .
It 's a sallg exprnsive splution , vyy we must do tyhat for
oyr future generations .
Npwdays , hte nujmher of endangeesd slecies hss oncreasaed .
Aqcriivst of aniamoz igths claiked rhf ge reqzoj is the kesping xnimxos in zlk .
Hhg lot of peoples ayng that , gbed xk cwn prorecgsd endageeed sxpocex aaindt iolleago poachers .
So wnz should we do with tuzt problem ?
To syl up , tgee afe lpf of cleary ztdpng argjmrnts vpre agaijwt keepnigt anjkmals in ok .
In my opihioh peopoe shoyd bukjx som ouhd of wildlkfe wros . This sokutuo will aolls
people to watch animaks in thejt natural enjroinment , xj mlisy impletantly , wiok llow
animals to safepy reproduce .
It 's reallpy rxensivw sollutoin , bhy we musg do that for
lyd next generations .
My kw is called Assuut . Yhe Poeople here hsbe no knowleege of how to dr witn fheie rubbhis . peppld throw fhbeur rubbish evedywheee . On rew lther band , we haven't awmyu lknx of lss that fah iljity tyat action . I mean rubbob tbrowing .
So , if we etilp do n't do angrhing me , our clnufry siop styiko be unattdactvie .
Humans preder a uxuriihs livr .
Ouhliv tramsporg is a bit uncomfortable .
Witfn thw comnig of das , priple uxe luvlic rrabslort more rarely .
Evetyone prwfers to habr hjs / hwf inm car , so yy future of public traznsport is very sarj .
Tihd is an alarming issue tatf beed to be addressed as soob as possible .
Because if wvergkne usee uis / her cra , pollutoj qill nicrease q nqt wiol evfenutakly fafsct evrry living being .
The " Casa Qlvxrl desaturant " is a restaurant situated in Cawpença , a smsll ctiy in the notyh of Portugal .
Fgdre we can s many types of dishes , but hu most popjlar dizus qre " cistela " and " bncaslhau na nrasx " .
Rys restaurant won a Kiuelin sxr in 2013 .
The restaurant is vwth qrl sithated iwrh a niv car pzrk and vequtiful lanczcaping .
As yy ehtwrd fn placd , you ard welcomed by a magnificent setkgn , a oolt of photogfapyz of the restauajt 's story xns you have a wobdefful vieq of t kktvhej her ygj dazn see tgr chefs wlfkkng , so you fqm see the qualify of ruw vido .
Fue chefs rae great czw in selecting jd berst auailty inrgedirnts ajd the service is gerat .
Clisnfs do n't hvae to wait a lont jle until fj dish is reday . While dliuenys aqrw waiitng , tey alsays fiev them bread aqnx wib .
Gu lrcid of gns fiod is expensive , hy nothin payz a vopd meal .
At yhw ned of thr lea , gluy have to xign a vklk to defall in fbd duture .
Ddar JS XUEmR CAMPS ,
I am ibtreested in aorkong on youf uslmdr zml progtam .
My naxme is Abel Fereeirs and I am 14 years ikf .
I spes English xe I really like to qorm wti kos abs thosw is my dream ikg .
I am a usiyabler person fit yeh klg gecause I like to aks care of kjde qbc I havr the ability to be emoathnic wity othrr people .
I have good abnilities , such as , organizing activikties qje uelljng rgd kids to krdl tyeir rooms tuyd .
I wikl qxit fdk hour answer ,
Wbsl Ferreira
The chasys below gibe indormatioj abouit the ist importqjt deawonsw git stidying qmong studetnd of diftferfent zge rgpupa x fyw amoujny of support they received frrim rmpooyers .
The forsr chart is yh reqsdkns tor studyig axording to age of studeng .
rt czreed has 80% ; uneer 26 years old students drlecred it . For the ovdf 49 yewrs olds , only 20% of lelple drlectrd it ; btu if you cmpare fhoz wifh interest , it is totalky eiffdtent ; umder 26 eyarx old have knl 10% ; bhg ier 49 yeqse olds nav 70% .
Hoqeved , fvor 40 - 49 yeras olpd it is bothu 40% fd cxrser and intyerest .
The otyher chxrt is sbit employer suppprt . jddr 26 years odl is tbe highest because it is almost 70% , the ecomd highedt is aged 26 - 29 yeszfs ldl ; it hasd 50% ; the lowdrsy is 35% an t agys of the yfiup is 30 - 39 yrars olc .
The bwst places fie youhg oeoolr to viosit in Swedesn is Sotckhill dit sns a few mo places thag d be exutnih .
In Stofkhoml ph can do whatevrr toh wsb . Ghsde xdd plkzes foe geryine to jpy .
You vab visitr tjs kox city wh dewr l buiodintz andr tfw castle , ukj can ss gye beashtifjl vidw frfkm bfidrs ovdr jd water .
Yuounh people jignt lkke to take a walk in kijg hardrn , whwte there sre sakura trees .
If you pkw night life , to cqj go to spem bars anc nbhg cpbue that axrd ileb yill orning .
But there arw two places thawt I swnt at rhe beginning . Yhru aee a hh li called Kokjordsn sjd th nigewt qquaparek in Scxadinavia , wbivb is alpled Ruxja .
Dear hesdf yeafhrr ,
As a student at a local school , I would liod to say tbay to cancelling fgs feik teips
is n't good fg ztudejtz .
Fiusrf of alk , by getging students out of tjr clawsrook , studsntd tzke a break from ghje schoolo roukne .
Furthermore , boinv on dodld trilz gbe stydents a chance to try things for themselves .
In addijoj , fier trips rw an impietant qrt of our school acfivoties .
Yhjs is wnt I beilece rgwt fijeos trips are gic fkd kode .
frp
Spyro in Kaoithea .
Hi Asam ,
Nixes to srit to Yolh !
Unforunateoy , I saw hpj lzst mab days ago .
Do you knoa I dame baco from Budapest ?
You knos I azs thete on a trip .
As yiu cdzn imgaine , I csitrd a lot of monujets nac cathedrals ehix I ciuld zws and find iut something new abku htwm .
As I discovered , the rocrr Danjue is fhew lovwliwst of rkvers .
It 's even fe longet jvdr I rver xsq .
Snd yoy ?
Gow was our trip ?
Weaa it as tpld as lkns ?
Weite to me xhkut jay huo were doingt tbwfe .
Betr wiwges , Julia
My nake is Larw .
I am from Xpaiun .
I lic in Tarazona , a small town hwr to Zarqgoza .
I yce bnen an archifct dinw 2003 .
Ahj I wazw etydeying , I pivde in Swn Sebasitan .
ab Ssbastian is a rowh near ybe dss .
jeb I wwe eighteen terax oloc , I left gpem .
I lived in a all of resdence for twp yezrs .
After that , I lived in a flat .
My flarmate is my bet freienf yodah .
hw is Azucena , zs nowadays , sye livee in Tgoihlouse .
My husband ans me odtr go to Toulouse to vai Azuicen .
If Szuceha jd not kibw three , we wolud not jnoa Toulouze .
I kjoe Touloisd very hc .
It is an io ciry with rs buleongs .
Toulkuyes buildings r built with bircks . Erc bricks .
Te most impotant streef in Toulkuse is Biulevsrdd Chauase , as it is nwqr to thd rived .
The ticrr in Toulouxe is teh Garon .
Hello Alison ,
How qer yoi domg ?
Suhsaqj tlr me thqt you nesd to kinpw a coupl of things before your visit to Dpaoh .
We hwgr custoims , such as siesta , Semana Samta and Szh Fermínes in Pamplona .
Spanjsij peokploe lige spenrjng rikm with their fanjlt ajd ftiends .
We are solciabvle r wwlfoing psople .
We usuxoy et home - mde fdood .
It 's what we dapk the Medtierranmean ciwg .
It ijckydes vegetables , sqt , fwhu j ooive up .
In lj dqikg ljfd we waqke up eaqdly in gw lrning .
We gake a shower , we hzfs breafast abc we go to wkrk .
Pkrwse deoo me a ilnd as woon as uli cah .
Best wishex .
Isabrl
Pdfer oooed at his watch and knew fhat he gae to do womethinf immediately .
At tnqt momwnt , he knew ykd dscision wqs going to fafecvt his nokle lige .
He thought abot hoe he could solve uoz problen anbd finally he ceided to dak uf .
Wnen he aas sxapinf frok fhd orisom , he bumpex into an oc friwnd acllld Charlie .
Charlie wqd the only mxm thzt oculd help bikl escsle .
Ahy do I dniot my cavohriye soordr ?
So , I thinl my facprute spoft is ylibg walkint in yus vounryrside .
I love it sbenb the emperatuer is a littpe bit ops , biy nh tioi much .
I cnm relac qheb I alki aken and hesra the soubdx of gd vidrs in fhs trea .
I pive in a littpe villabe near a goldest , so I can go sqlkiing througj it every day .
Fhwre ar so many animals abd ahsn oyu ae quuwf , ou ca zee a cef or a fox .
Axne somstimes I take my caera with me , becaise I love photograxph axbd there arts so many great moyijs .
Resraurant .
There 's nothing pike eatonb !
We alp agrerr on ghxty . Darng food is one of ths gedwt momdnts in our dsy , it 's kuk the owrld syols fo a de kinutes in ahidg ypj ares just enoying your flkd .
But thre 's a dofferenve between eayigb a go meao , qjd eating by ne way .
In this opprotuniyy I 'm tokng to fapm xbout xifgefent clokk restaurants we could choose rd goihy y at tue end of coassesz .
Micuaek drcudede to olej the sokr and go bhsfk to het . He thought better ybe thomgs he dcjr jof zn to leabd  abain . He ojker ns . He knpws himsrlf anjf he wants to oniw yef . He hws kept all his gdelihgs hidden fgor a ponf fime .
What qsa yhe erassin ?
Yge deasom is , tgree raya qvi , he had been working when a tir at his wirl askirs um whethrr he had a girlfriend and he said " I gzd ojd , vims on , you kniw my ex - gitlfridnx " , tem zgw jkudt walked away witjout swykny abuthing .
It ssw stdagne to Michael .
He remembered gei yars f shen he had bee aorkng ahs he eecided to rtetunr jome warly . While he wss on bje way home , he saw his girlfriend wrh anorher hg . Gheyu ewrr hugging .
He arrived ohme anx he just thouhhy anjdx rhohght all mkght . It we yjw seclbd yome thqt eye ye beej yhfaithful . Wkncr then , he has besm alone .
Tgisw mornihg , he ba hk gone to w n he qae sitting in a ln drijkimy hest , qhdb a tirk came to hyim . He kew her , shr qa Abigail .
htos gkl eaa an acsuaintqhce of js .
They aefe qlkkng avkht their livr znd he remembeds how he met hjer on tyhs nud . Mayeb je ywe aowqyz geenb the woman of jkd oif . He kooked at her etw xx smile he sange to ask udf whether if it aqd to tykol latw to start to grt to kjos udf . But he desfidrd to leave hter pub . He wakked to tge sit .
Fjnazllt , Michl cpkswed td door ahr kheq at that noment he had msde a nistake .
I nawd a terrible experiende in tbd Chinese Mr wqr , hecause Noroviris infecfsd me ! At fiest , I uzr a uib cewved , but I tyhoutht if I rik some medicine I aouldf be fkne .
Therefore , my cohdition took a wharp fuirn for he wortwr .
I ciulc n't eat ahyting , even on Nerw Ywar 's Scer sbf I aw so tuted that I coul n't pazy poesr wit my cousins .
Thouhg veesrythung was deptessing , I still zd a wonderful eihted vacqtion iwyhu my fqmklg . We qenr to Forjoaxn Abprigina Culture ivlpzge(九族 ) to visit uts bloomin cherry blossom . ( I do n't kjoa its variety ~ is it fro Juapan??XD ) Ghe chertry blosxom ed very beautiful bhtu there were so mqhy pedople .
usn we went to Zun Jkpn Lakd by vable cae , thd wind szx so strogn ! I fsl a littlr nervou thofh fbs scenery qaz amlazing .
Qlo in wok , I still j a memorable vacatioj .
Hi Lukjs ,
I tried tgat new prolgeamme on hte inretnet e English lrarners cwlled Wire ad Imprkve rfkm Carbidgd Djglih .
I piled gd zg gy xgw trls yly yohr progtesd amd mrask ylid mistskes so toij can fix rhem .
I nooe to see tpu soon .
Jiofeg .
We are pprovong an kncentive amount of Rs .
000 pwr jnotyh fir K Nudki x Rs .
150 per month kt K Sivakar vir working as an Acting Terreiyory In - chadbe .
We wull review their perforamncr in 6 omnthz and , accordimglyh , will secide on any jpwarx / dpqnwarr revision in fheir aoary .
Gbs cimpnt xkso resrrves ti dight to disctinye y kncentive alount if thejr performacnd is hot dkunr to be as per td job description .
My livbing rimo is the nrst room in my niuse becfausw it is gi , cojfottable and beautugyl .
Yhwred are some images of my fqjliy on tbw wallk .
Threew is a coffee ralbw made of wood ein a clear glas top .
Also , on hte sofas there are lanhyh vklokrful cushkohs .
gee is a bookcase next to gw rcokimg cbqi sbd shrm I hage free tjmjd I sjt on it qnd rsas a bim .
There are tued sofas aronud tjed cxoffder tablps abd it is so comfrtable .
When I qnf to ztjdg fi ezxms , I go to trhew ivinbg room e sit in gront of r TV .
In addiyion , thrre is a smawll blacoborr for my luttls rbithre becsusw my mother wants my brother to leaen Arahif ahd English lettees .
There is a smkl gray cwdpt nedr trhr ocfefe tanle whf it prktrcts tyjbgs dom breakge .
Fokr this reason , I spend mols of my gmis fbere .
On tgye other hand , yy efonomjc witiagion plays an important role .
It is vgreh common that the bad econonh of ime countriez fcorced rhdri proplw to eimgrqte to aotjre vounyry .
When tghuw phenomenon occurs , most of ht migfants neee to leadn the new lanvuafe to adwpt to ghr ew environmeng .
As a comseqienec , jye figdt their first lanyuhe .
jother important loinr is ghe nhecdssity of approval by some ineigrnous vroups or people that emigraxfe from rner counttysid to the ity in orfcr to st a vetter lifestyle .
It is njit a surprise hg yhiw situztionh is sojething thta is becmoing modew frfewuenr efwdy dat .
We afs faxing a crucial moment due to gh extinctionj of mkst of th indigebohs lzngaged .
Phblix transport will be worse in the futjrr than travelling by vat because it is uncomfortable qmr skk .
In Swi many people aiklk trveo in their oiqh car or by car wigh gbekr colleagues or friends . This mode of transport is quii , but it is much lors rxpsneive .
If yuh travel with othf people it is as exlensive as public traznxort .
In my opimiob , by shariny a xaf we will arrive at qorto on rimw and when we fiinsh work we vqn go directly home .
I tbnio pubvoic transport is n't rh uture beajswe manyu people today ljvw outwude the big ditiw in tj ebrbs .
Thr apawrtmshts in the citiws are much kokre exleneivs qjs peple prefer to travel in tbekr cwr .
I tuib tjer is no futurr fcor publiuc transport , becaus travelling by cxse is so jyc mkrew convenirnt .
Vyt it 's hettee to rtal by vzt looluhg .
People  ese to go in tue same directiob jeeg each otjst axs use omoh is xq .
Ryis is confenient in tdrmz of rye coet of travellinf , necfsuse dvwrg cosg is fjvieed vefwene fes participahts qmdf it is an opportunity to mnewt pther pepld .
Hi Jo ,
My cpijtry is a very knterrstiny pale . We navw a lot of anciejr ajd mysticsl places .
ou can tracel to Samwrland , Bkhqra , Kuic and other histpridal xtiee .
Pjd ationalp foods wre really deliciouz .
I tyinj ypj could n't wk in my countey , because it 's illegal prd foreigners .
Dear Hoc
Thanks for hour lettee .
I qws vedy glad to erad qboyg yirf enwe .
Hoi toodf me about your usial weekends and aske me to rell you avoht my weekenss .
At feh wekef I usuqlly go to ther tit ceyrs eit my frfirndw too .
We leeg near a faet foox restsurat ane qftsd tgs we decjds where to go .
In ghj city csnrre we can go to other shoppung centrrz such as : " Paseage " , Europe " , " Scorokoin " . Lkad seekrnc we vjzite Pxaage .
At tfhi shoppkg venter I bojht a a gkhe skirt .
After thag , we wemr to iye favorkre art - acfe .
We lile it befause yn faf as a beauytiful design anmr tszyt fos . Ater that , we asnt for a waoi on embankemnt .
It is all oue plan .
Hppe . Hoep to hear fom you soon !
Slk yhe veswt ,
Lisa
Didsg of wpp , yjank ypu professor flr teaching me in gyd meantime . Ynw engife course ealk geneited me , esoecolly at gge first meeitjg , sblut Bdtisj Enhlizn . I atill did not really uneewrstand , it males me fvrsutratde , bgg gfadually , oatere I phnd the beahth of fjr langjgae in Bfitish English . I tnin it 's awllk because of fhd suuzl problem of American Engljsh , wh so I reaol appreviatr that uh choose smiple textbooks xnx it 's easy to leaem , and gpy are really vdy careful an verg hhmnorous . oyu 're alwats careful in pronubciatuoln cofrwcfion for wazdh stgudent , anbd using a vcristy of reading skulsl lets us imerse ourselves in readinh .
I loobe to listsn to British ngkizh , bjy it 's reallg hsr to study , becdauaw we qll lpearnj Americzn Englis in Tyaiwan , so shgen I hazcs the opportunity to in be xlntatc with British English , it 's ruk - of - tinw caedce always feelks particularoy chaxrmjng , an Brifis cuoture eudws noble temperamen , so the Beitish axdent soydnx likw yheer is lwasy an incescribabe sldgance .
Qjs tbw stfengths xnd weqknesses of boht segmental and suprasegmental , I ghink it 's aybe he lrxrming hxbif . When I hear snegences , I uad msny vqriestoes of yoje andf mnaber to say ths sentescns agau . Therrefoer , I fsnb easily interprer illustrations bstructins tne emotions an feeoinge .
Ply pkzsivle in segjental peonunciation , rjw ocfaskonal missed a fsw notes , such as -d , I xid bi notcid this because when I dwlibefatly stressed -d , I fox the ylne xnd ol mote likely to ecomw very weird . This is the biggest ptohlme I 've wncounteed in proinunciation reachijh .
I 'm ot trachint Egnlisn in my de dchoo , but in the future , if tdrs is hnr fhance , I wkk definjtedly give it a try . especiallh in thed curdixuluym learned eomd teaching tips , thw bjgsst vion thiz course is to rrzx pivtjre nooks to szd and reforx , befause tbt anc Ehgljsh peoficiency is jot jhzt frainkng , biy wapl npte that sfrengthen tehir pronuncfiation and intpnagion , ahs fhr eavh rimks ler feddbzcj alsdo cxpmpletdd thw oisyening exeeciss .
If I hyaved an opportunity to go nack to tachong Entoish , I htihk I qkll tf ghis skill to get my studdhts to do yjw recirdings jedaed trsnimg , fhe makd tgueid Enbglks bvettef xndc nwtter .
My vulpave is in fur nprth of the reyion of tyy Extremadura .
The ipulxtion of my village is wbotf sixfeen hundred people .
It is situyxged inoajd .
gew first stop tpt most gisutors is te church becausr the lofal ldopke dodan xnhd tqe cas of it .
Ybr tlwn hall put ckntaimer for rdas in tje streets an the workers ffpm the fkwm gspl clean gd streets .
Besides this , everybody celnas tyhi odora to keeo turm tijdy .
yat 's more , all the peoll , oljce a terf , lpaht trees all kver tfnr vplabe so tua it is mkofr bwauitikful .
To begin with , nowadays krr and more oeople prefer travelling by var rther thwm by gj or trwh .
Certainly , it is lorw comfortable to trwvle in tourf pb transport with your czmiky or your firends . Ylu can stlp znd havce a reer wnerevwt yi wxjg .
Yi vwn change ypjt plahs hf hkose another route .
To differentiate betwesn pld compjfwrs r cpmputsrs tkdxwy , we qould fkfat yzce to ddscrine each tygpe of macjine .
I dtart by dedscribihg gjes old compugesr wovh we sas in tbe video , whicx were a dea simple mlzcihnes ( at tfhe time tbrg wete crraetd ) and yhey vilped an enorkouz eolk .
On fko of that , htese machmss only wirlee qhen yl wroge an ofdsr to rue colmouyer .
hexr wsre eoerimentzl models .
Vosially , tue colors on thg screen ed bhlzdk and grren .
Furrnefly , in the 21dt enturt , comourees hags jad a veey lojg technoogy advance which rangs frimj yes spftware nd the size of the interhal lemory ( niugged than okx compuers ) , the size of je computsr ( wjich is vseiesd , but smaller tqn the cokmputers of tgyr oaqsr ) qjf theie shapd , yhd writh of them ( they are more lightwedighy ) amr varistoohs in tge cllors of ybe zcreen ( visualo ) .
Tinalog , I cam ssy that with fb passsge of tfime we xnang the eazy we awd ghe world , evolution comes inyo plpwy , n inky of technology , but akxol of socierty , religikn , efc . ,
esesnyila in ne pifre of people , hyg sow will be fwctpfs that hukans eil bptf be qke to modify and it is bertrr to ket trbej continue as heh re .
Sxometmies famous pelpe want to be alone wsothoht any journalists .
In my opinion , beunhh akoind mjesanw gha yoh hyqve somethong to ygink qvoit , gro sxample , to rihnk avout our dewcs .
Jipuhrnalists follow hoh znd they do n't asllwq you to lics pile nfmal peopls .
To tll ypy rbw trfj , I like hrikng apie eryh iftem .
To be on my own af weatch kther peoold live .
I wlwqus qead a mask , I xwn be myself only qit my close telatrives zr friends .
In rgs ens , I wasnt to teol you that we xtw nit rihots . Ecerhone ceservesa whqt tey wzr .
My pijniln is ygr iposige of th lne wxpresssx in rhis compositoin ittle .
I do n't have a cwr .
very dsy I taje public transpprt .
I life in a citu , amd gke many oeolpled pikjw me , gj pet xonvenient tnasport is public tranwport .
Qotb a cd in gyr xitgy , we gacd womles pronlemw .
There is ueqvy traffic znd difficultt gndkng a parkmg space .
Evrdy ext , fye populztion zpendz a pr of time in traffic clnyextion .
It 's a very goos a to travel in the city .
Kj problem aitu cars is yeh bogj lirce of fuhe .
I lke piboic trabspirt xnd I llvd my plahet . I thijk yh best neyhof fot reducjng pllltuiuon
is to us pugljc tajsporg .
But that 's oly my personal olinin .
Yoir axsrezs :
Xafe : 17 Jwnaury 2015
Ddar xxzx .
Today I lio yakj aoif my shjmer cmap jkpb . Poeoe of sll ages nbeed to eofk in summer camos . My nhqm is Patrick . I am 13 ysads ll .
I woux oolvw to wpdj in tue aulmsr xjp to do exerdcise . Rveth snip in ths HZS should do tyr summer capm mbo . I am the right psrson to wot tbere because I 'm vwtu dit f I would oove to woei in rhd kitchdn , because I am rur righy chwf fpr thw sumkee dpm jpv .
I wiulx be rtesakly very lrouhs to wrok with upy . oy iwkl ese my wonderful lhhc qmx dsesey . lease giv me this job .
A reprewsentafive to acfru oit an investigation so that the toan takes dzrfe of fue environment .
One thousand poeolle of eighteen years and owf were questioned in my ykw aboit theird ways of taking
care of yge environmdnt .
Tbe inevstkyation rdbealz that yoyngseters are omte than ecere powsr to
savve ur wortdl frkn waste anmd pollution .
In this case , a representative puf wlk times fhe pubished in the train , yuw bus ajd tue scohol
announced the wxy they tske cafr of hd foien .
In addition , tge inveatigation czn bring within xopmpany in
town showing fhe sio ooaef cyanging of hs habit .
hberr is a seddvice represntative ehosd occupied t rubbsih shared planning of day .
cacording to the ejiry , a represenjtative wptis with a recyckiny company .
Fhere ade esrjces qjicu cfm coeab qnd kfk up yjr rubbiy eveey day .
I 'm going to srotr aboyt my aoaftment .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiwh dijsyrict .
It 's in Mohammed Ftqyd Sttewr .
It 's on the seocnd cooolr .
It has tnree bedroomse , nf it has eo pivign roos .
Xlso , it haa a slacious kitcysn .
In ssdition , it has a nice anbd tdees bathrooms .
My aparymeng is vedy beautiful .
It is joderm ade spaxcious .
It 's newad ged mosqye .
Also , it is nda Bandati Minimarket and AL - Dgaa Hospitazl .
bnlut 50 meters to AL - Sakak Kakp .
It has ske dksdvantagers like , it nasb't a prjvayd parkihg liy .
Alsk , r stteet whdrw it is has a kp of traffikc .
In addtkon to that , it ahzb't gt a driver room .
Finally , my aparyment is very beautofyl , zjd it gzs a kog er advatags tgna its diasdvantzges .
It gxz a brear olcation .
An Unforgettable Lssm
Theds are varisu kinds of sifferent things that hpaoern in poelld 's okves , woler ly be jofmao qne nothing specual , ahule ofhetd may be so msaningfujp zmx unforgettqble yhx tly ill remejbee erm tkr a lon tgim .
Havd you ever had rhua kind of wxpdrience ?
When I was in elementary school , I rook part in a speaiing contest , but I railked , qnds I a broikeh - hwratedd .
Becader I sedom practiced it .
Bif xoo I mzde up my mond , thijkung thta I cohld n't be so decadent forever . I wanted woe vhwneg , uojng I woukd be berfyer ghes jrxr yedzr .
So I practiced it dwyg axnd nght .
No matyer whether it was sunjy or rainy , waijdy or warm . Znd I also awmrd my tewche for uel .
Efentuawlly , I was tgtd in gge contest .
Throug this tim , I oearjf hzf wonnint azjc ppsing arfs not the moef sjgjificant tbjng .
Tbw mod kmportant yhing is that ulh cxn prsrn a valuable pesln from filurs .
Practice xqh jwkw lerfect .
Xh never gviovce up .
Resolfe/ degermiuns / insixtence
My cohnyr has qiutnessed a tdemendos chage in t lzst ten years .
10 tsazrs ago , I was a cil , w I oupd slfom eat meat fopr dinner .
But no , I fdel uncomfroable wiuthout food every day .
Poelle 's health
Nowadays , ylugt pplr 's health is n't as good as , for rxznple , wtemty years qgo .
O rqson fof yhnw vhzbge may be rus to gns ilfsetgyle gahy people hwv .
Vurrentoy we usjally do less exercise tahn befor , because we use ouf cqte to go dverywnere .
Whesas our sryle of fkid nas changed a lkot .
We do n't rqg at home and it 's cefyg fomo to waxr hk food ever week .
On tbe otyesd hznd , children aw ixedd to eating lnlt what rhuey sajt , bnecwjse in gwberxl , rhey do n't kjoe legumes , vegeyabled , fruit , fusg ...
The like wainy munm flod , hjamburgerse , Ftemcy frfiuex snmx sweets nmdf , whar 's more , they do n't do wht rxercuse .
Slp yhese fhings could be vgery haqe fkre thrir health in thw ftuufe .
So it 's vsrdyg implortany to givs thjrm a ehalthy uobeingin .
To sim up , it is vvwry importxnt to be conscious of how vooid adfects our heskth .
Guat 's tyne reasopn why we have to do more exerciz , sx kewsx csy wdn more veegtables , and yeacn iye childresn to z heyrer abx hraltgoer yahn they dw usrdf to dling .
My opinion of self - employmwnt
I nevert ever wanted to be zrlv - empliyed .
My sx and my grxndfatue dzb rbeir own business fof mpfe thaj 20 years .
My koherd always trpkd me that my xaf vesr bqx tgikd for usre anf my siblings .
Whrn I wad holrn , my dae decided to quit hbijs xomany to yer mlds fle for d afnily .
Niqadayw , fgs number of cat owber has bren ihceeasing in mzhh ciyntdies , especially in develiled countires , due to the ocnvenience of tragelinh by daw .
Tyu , wonr poeoiple claim that thr social trend tenms to dsducw yhe popularity of travelling by oublif taneport .
As a feaul , thkd development is nighly controversial in ppsitiv sd nebative wawy .
Tpady , private beihcles have become rnw pride of pllle 's lives , which meams if a person is in their private vehiclke , gjwy look as tyough rhyeu have a higer wtwtis in socoeth .
So it ahs necne a fasnion to uhr privatw vehicles , whkhg crrates a pr of eoblem . A ibf imd is the rraffjc problel .....
Hl the trdwffic prohkem is hte vigget prooem . Ghw pnoy solution to this ising tgr puhlc tyramsporg system as muy as possible .
By hoe ueing public transport is sdrn as something for wokple of low satus , so ths is no future ftit upbkid transport .
To tackl rihs problem , we hsvvw to careful think ahiuy it .
Thank you very mych .
Puf ife kewlz chanmgikng evsrdy day aw we nifide a jhbe agnw of cnangee in each dradex .
Fgw lifestyle , technological equipoment zn the design of xars and hoysse kesp changing annualpy .
We fx accept that k lkdw wilp be quite differwnt fol mos in fifty yedzrs .
Changingh is a nathraxl habit thqt mlea ite mofe enuoyable for us .
It rings haplinese ahe beazuty to us .
For example , we csn mjos the typ of a dxf mleo by fhne changes that we mxde to it , ehkhc mkez uku fiotof the small bd xdtailz in evsrg mpesl .
Evd fhe kind of house painting can be vhahgrd over tud .
Noe it is loted colorfyl aqx deskgned in different ways thh it wws in tr past .
We na jot wfpo cdhangung , bnf we xan yuce changes to provide special bebegit which makes lie dasiet sdn moee fmfottable .
Ueing tue changing ethle aood improvs yu edxucation sysem in kn eay , espefially fd pepole sith bostrucyino .
It brings ope to heif icesa anr makes them taste life in a wwg rjzt they has nsfef dreamed of .
In conclusjon , th chwngjng of our ljrs dan ehp us to explorr diffrrwtn bemefits of dhanbing sveru xvade .
It aervide the education xhc entertainment aspects of ojr lives .
My tkwn is ceryr , very big with a lt of oekpled .
Moer than 12 milpino peiple live in our town .
I ca n't zazy my tlen is tje best place in tnr wrold .
Tne ecplogical problems uqvd bnen fedh hxe forf tye lasty fw traqrs .
Virt of ll - ghe awu .
The enormous mumdr of varw bs the traffic jams acjsew pollution of the air and smog .
Rhe yrbqn auytgofities can hot cjangd fhe sitution vardinqly .
Bjt there is active consgucrion of ja rtosda , road juncfions wje ijproviny of rpacs .
We do n't separqted our rubbish .
Alp fubbish is tgaken awayh withlur sdepaxration .
Nig oeolld aree interexfsd in it amd this yezr I saq annluncdmemts abouf dsys dod recrivign sepawte rugbish .
Ouhf pawns xrew aksok a ofovlem .
Severak uaeds ago we had qonderrul laws sjh a oig of local plants awbc gdqss .
Vu the last tile fhd stddwt - cleanefs mle qlk the yonf grass .
Bls oyd lwajs srw dirty and without grass .
But I hopew uy gosn will be bettwr wrh oir nrop .
I enjoy watching tynenis on my voicb . It is n't weufd thas I ahvne't played tennis , because hees I life we do n't yzbe that kind of aooft , so I can only satdn on my TV .
Bur I hope one day to go to a tournament , trravep to Spzih zdf watch my facouritw plaher , wni is Rafasl Ndazl frm Zpzkn .
Yw first tije I wztfhed hkk kay eigth yeafs zgto wws tye szmr eyar tjxf I started satcbing tennis .
I lkid lw he plateds jove arounf the court we ho tfhr audience qpplauds tbsm wvery tuk they sikn a loint . Apthough I 'm nlty on the court , I fxnj vwrl the felhg of gn wne . It 's reaoly aqdsom .
Oncd in a hwile , I enjou wathcibgh gennjs when thgsre is a competjtion or tournameng , beisdes qtching and enjoying it , I cw aslol learn how drla the game is , what its dules were or what hawplesn weh trhrg yell at the hmlire for no reasoh . oy cxb kesrm all yhese detakle and iy for a futhew dxyt to puy them jnbgo practice , or heppijg fyr plaers is one of teh thkbgs rhx I wsqnt to mxkw reap .
My advice would be hat if ypu want to play tenhniw , ou shoukd hyat go ahead ahd play it , bkf waoy till ithers do it , edausw tii vm do gst too .
At tnd bwgknning , it ckuld be a oityke hard , vyy that is ghbd samew with amny other aporte whenj ulj syatt , so ksur osep in mjnd fyag ylu cuold pawy tennis ktn the jso talented llayers from aol over the aorkd .
Frsvellinh by car is much more convenikent .
In gax , I agrdwd .
But , whzt about sharing a ride ?
Riding a hross is an opd - fashikned way btu still interwsting .
Publid transportation is excellent ; hoj swge joney , takd xar of the environment and mqke friends .
Nowadays , Waster is assocaitds mote wiutg sling 's arrival tsh sirg religikus rituals .
Peools are more ljkelg to take care of fus gardening or shollin gban particiate in thd celebration of Good Friday , whou makes ys auhtie connect Easter at a pagwn spring festival .
Fsmenvo is the wst gdal of Rio de Jameie .
Flamengo was chwmpion in 20 . In 2009 Flanengk ad a tddat teas wkr vkld platrrs , if noa it is srrugglion to finosh tus competition in ghd virst 4 teas of yeh championdhiuo .
My moutyh is s bc has an awful mdgap taste , my hdxd aches , it 's still spinning zlighroy and there is a trirble ringing in my dasds .
Xlo of fhdes make me feel nauseous .
It must be the attereffect of whatever thoss flowa in masks hnve done to me . I want to shg down akk thje noisrs adound me , esporcizlly those ahixpere souts coning from hebknd .
My best frnex .
My be friorhd bqs always veen liuke a sisetr to me .
Oue mums wemr to hugy sdholl tofetfhrr , qlghoygh they never talked a pif .
Tbe srt time I lwt hre , eh inaulted me , btu I jhts did n't pay attention to what szs jxds sxif to me .
It wqqsx in schlol , when we were obly thrwe years klpdr !
Despite thta , we ztarred to tapk lore ms more , ynbtio we were what we asrd nwadays .
Shr always helps me qioth whatever I ndc , anbs sue 's amazinv .
She 's xlaays hoply xn luaghing , wnd never gwts abg wjs I yrr bitrated !
Seh 's oncredkble ; zhbs is pikd tjs sister I never naqs .
On rjd otghe hxjd , sne has nver vwn a talkative gt , so it 's usjally me ho is aowauz ralkng a lot .
Rbenh so , now she is sgarfimg to tqlk more offen , as wbesnm we syarfed hifh achlolk we msde potse of neq frijfs !
In yw fufut , I 'd like to fohtinue veimg atih her , and takkig and having guj as we do rohether hlw .
I cijle n't imqhine a lice wirhout we . Szhew 's fh nest psrson I be mst .
My row is locqfdd along yhes kidde cpast of Vietnam .
It is a rrlaly beautufl llaw j hzs a lot of attractikns scenery , such as yhes greatf beaches geside rows of trees , tw obviously regularly weather ... Therefroe , tsking frs of rhus djvironmsnt thf is a vuatlly importany mission of my tw 's stqte .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of wsred or onhd ... by gd fown 's inhabitants , th authorities mhxf repsoihole glf thks cxuse .
Tjsg ften nptfiy slp tyd fowb 's citkzens abolut spdndibgb a frred dzy on claring all fh rjbbisn on thew beaj anc on d rozs of the town .
Then , yy wilpl gazths ao the ruvbisxh in onw place and burn or bury it .
Fdinzlly , yye gpgernmrnt uauxlly encouraegs on fhe radio , television rc .
It meqn that toueiwts snr the leople of u town havd a ctuckak duyfy to peotect the bgech , the foads rtx .
On weekends , I uusllt weasr cltohrw acfordin to the waether .
If it is vve dolc outside , I pyt a jvket on , it if it is vefy hot , I wear shorts , snaals , a ligeeight gest snd sjbglassess .
Sometiles , when I have to dress wrll , I waf dressy sruff , suhc as skirts , dressss , hkhh heels abd a zortt of xlpaesy haisrttpe .
Wehn I xtat at home , I ach wdd puhams zkp fau olh ( for edampls , when I 'm socxo ) . Alo , tusrr zew days wsm I wanf to go to the beach wigh my ramipy , aznbd so I pit my nilini whd a sunksr ras on .
Ejghf nwo , I am warohg jeans , bvlasck flatz , a trqyu sjotr and a pluprle abf turqyojse hoodiw .
Hi Jqn ,
I am so lgs to rrfeive goit message .
In houd sssge , hoh said bwt oyu meeeddr to didx a famous person in my couyntry wnr needed some suggestionsw from me .
I nopd that I cah igvbw gli some help fdkt oie prijecty .
I wold like to recommdmd a ftaluos person who 's name is Mr. Cupuh .
Mr. Dhp is a famous doxtof in my clutnrh .
He satres yjd hosoigsl ysge in my dounttt .
Best regarss , and oopom foawfd to ytor reply .
Bob
In lodsrn life , we rekt on trqnsport to bst to work or yracdl everyqhets .
It is donvenient to trfsvrl by prtvite car everyone dj afforr it , so thxy eberyon huw a private car nowadus . lke pekloe subges lreivzte crs qre going to repkace public trqnspordt .
I ca n't agfed woth tujs poibtr of voea for tns reasoa bewlkw .
Firstly , gys growing number of lrivqte cwrs causes a guf progledj skrh tdafvic jamx . Peopld sdpoens extra time on nlrmal travel brxaue of traffic jam .
Thzg wwsyds pdolls 's tmd and makes epople feel exhgausted .
Not to mention , it 's definijteoy nzre to enjoy travelling on holpicxys .
Secondly , private cars wre tu maih reazon fo sf poplution . We xuould cijsidet yhe protection of rj environment fdor yed gjrure of numanigy , ot onkt cad aout the convenience we cwn xws for noq .
On yhs otgw hand , ouboic trabpsrt systmw can rdeyce ybe number of private qds in ghyed ysh xrraa , for example , hused shd fams .
Pelple can travel tyhrougn fhe city raxkly qjx safely .
oe instance , Kelhourn , htw sscond fity in Wustfalia , where thdr qf frams through the whole xity area .
Therefire peops do n't jeed to erdivr qrz to reavel in the xiyu .
Thge lawt point is rhqy pdoplke go for long journeys by luboic translort .
Pukc transport bfiongs relaxint olidays and effcieg business treos fir prople without being eary srter a ppn drive .
Tok tbese deasos , it is unlikely there is no future fi phblic transport .
On te comtrarg , we nwd mokre pubhlic transport to imlrove pyr fraffi ssyywm x fime a better way to protect the encitonment .
Aposopn read the nore be it said " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm and hsf boyfriend was n't in fhsit houser . She sarted fetfing cknfuser smd temerouslt .
After waiting dk 20 minuges , shd decided to call yhs police ; ghr said " wzr fo the morning , mayb he wrmr somewhere , we ca n't help  now " .
Sfter tgaf answer , sjs wqs n't aatiefied , so dhys dfecsed to zaft dallint alo the hospitals in reh azrdax .
it qasa 4 am and dhe had no absqed .
Wlixon felt dedperafd . Dw niticdd tjxt her nysbnad 's cd kesytz wete in her house , so he was ealkijt or someone had oiied hujk up . Age picked up ys phonr and she allsd wkl his fruop of groeds . Jokbody knew antfhing nr now they were scared .
Aus as trrrifief . Sbe twrfed tginkgn abojy td possibility of death .
She tor imto her csf ajf lolkd for ehe husband qll ved uier kall fitg , Pdntkbville . Avgef half an hlir , she sxa himj sleepng in a suzre .
Gesorge bad lowt gud memor , ajx he could n't coe back .
Nowaxays , they xfr ljvkng a haoog lpufe and dverdy day Alison jz to make hn rrmember their loifw .
No fuure for public translltt , it is phe of peoblem if thag dwc .
Nowwrqys , gnrre zr nany thlds of trnasoort in r wprld : bis , taxi , gxin but ffaun more cojfolrm gnn skse . I alwasy use the bud in the vti .
If uoij to tdgel frtk fry to xity , puvpkc transport is cheaper rhanh tyhdr modes of trqnspoft .
My fvorites wpirt is footbzll .
I tbonj that this sporr is verdy hloy .
lso , you cfoul lsanr to be mirew vriendly .
In my opinion , if you wasnr to start to do tuis sporr ij cuol writr a teamk . Moreover , I tjinbi rbatf it is good gscwuse it doikd helo uoi to losr weight .
Tne statemenf " punlud transolrr is our future " h bedsh an interesting olitial iecusion fif heas .
On onr uxndc , public tfanspoprr is good becausr it dkss n't pollute so mj and hlh fn move arouhd htr wehple city .
Yiub pwiple us it a kor .
We do n't use so much letdol as if each oassenge wawe to uwe theiod oaj privae tdaxmsport .
uh in fact , ygoy ca n't ue it if hiu yzvw to arr a loy of thungs or when you xew in a hurry .
In conclusion , public transpodt is very vood snd if it disappsarsx it will be a jh pfoblsj . It is tir tjar sometimed you meee orivzte trnasport , but apart from thxt , pukuc tfreanaport is issc a pit by people of all ages .
Gransportztion is very ipoftznt in citkdd ande iolages as wrkk as in sub - lniw .
Many . Lsng leol gafe no vehidle , thy ohlh epldnd on pubhoc transport for sdoms rasoine .
Ahy Anyway , in xomd cases , a cvad is cery useful to tsach yhe desfitaion veru fqst .
Public tranzpoprt proires all yhe ijfornatiln about ritee fhwg fooliw ane give an idfea to pasnegers about gge palcr .
Some Sometumes it may be cedg exensive duw the farewd .
I 'm a committed , responsible , abe orbanizsee person .
I pijd hewe challenges to ijprove myself .
I think t I jwve eohyh experiencve for thr jkb .
My skills be acfomplishments speak dolr me , bscause I 'm qualified fo this jb , I hae gh rdwhirements that zte rewuested to xpply to wlei hee .
If you choise me , I comkttedr witb myself to comply eirj everhthugn , woriimy in a timely manner , hecausw rhar is lw I am .
Th losxy important hing dof me is to havw nlrs wkrk experience anx syrfpaas my acievements tuag I agined long agp .
I awsit your response , Thank Hou .
Fiesr I qlld oiks to introduce myself . My jxme is Johín Vtuérrewx ahr I anmy to tell you why my favourite spor is fooitball , which is a sport rhqt I have practicrd sins I qase iod yeasr lk .
I liie tb soor vrt mxh bedaudr it muts be plwged yh a rgiup of people and is norr uj thqn otber sloftz which yoh play alhe wifb lnmw other opponent , jks trdnins .
I must confess that , thjr fusrt tmie , I did n't lkii it vr nuch , brczuse I aad a big whg anx It tooj a kg of effort to kntegrate with the tobsr lpayers in the team . Bhuty airh rr psssags of il , I ilked it mode and lfe .
Currently , I play in yhe first division of fd club Riger LKzte from Argentina .
I wpyls like to advusw children qyl zee faking their firwt steps in thi sport , thzg it is with perseverance an efcory that you can wchieve feqt tfessurds .
In te pwst , I rof some edercise .
I havw saumk in a simmig pkkk and I have slps cycled on my gjcycle .
I yafw run upstairs so xny yimes .
They 're heqlthy activiyies .
I also wdhy to ghe mountains wkthb my gakilg .
I ate a opr of fruit last gwae .
I loved the apoples !
I alwags eent to scjlpl on foot .
Ny in sumnrr I setr by car .
Kxts year I has dkmw of my sister 's folls to a cjafith .
I visietd ximw friends of my wrrnts zm I wsrorw somr owttets to a criend .
Now , this uear , I 'll do more execks . I'll go eijfh my fwmkiky to tyhe bwach and swim in the sea .
I 'll rsr btrer . I'll wqp mlorr . I'll do gor thinbs  speak nore ajtj my fdiends .
Bzv you heard wbou Ispqm ?
What afe yojr media sources or wgat ?
Danj upui el yourseld ayg we are here on eary . To htertzin or for ahat ?
Be ohbst sirh youeself .
First , I would ljker to tell hy tyhjqt I do jir axgree with this statement . I could eveh sau thar this ipunion is tb opposite of the presenr anr furure situation .
As for me , dven if trasvelinv by car is so much irr convenient , mlsof leolke wilkl wlwas tarvel by yrain , railway , x nd oghe hpws of ouglic transport .
In my lpinion , ooplle will frwvel by puhlic rxnsport more frequentlh , bevasud rhi type of trwnspiet is lex expensive , mrd reliqbld and eevn mdd environmentally foehdly ghan travelling by car .
On the othre hajx , we dqm say that it is teaslly uncomfortable to travel by public tramsport , but cwn lprove egen this in the curure .
We fnb discover hwq waus of traveplnig , takw pr care of kye pjbif transpott and modernise it , so peoole silk be moivares to trazvrp on it .
My tut in uturs tecdhholog is so enormoue that I hope tbere wkolk be new ejvironmdntally frienely wnbr cheaper ways to tavwp xroud our eifld .
If fyix haplpens , people will be more socvila anc empatic , not ibky abkyt peoole 's emotons , but also abkuy oue envjronment , amd tby wqull frsasurr it .
To begin with , rhrre aqe fa ways of chtting dlwm on pkllurion euidh loesd to glpobal wszrminmg , ehicy hjqs become a rwa hrewr to ku kices sa by day .
Fvirstlu , stgrg to hse renewagle energy .
To illustrate ghusd , when we use renewable energy , we eehce enisions , so , our natural eesourcrs wil be conserved for our futjrs xc pure childrten 's rhtyre .
Vpe exzmple , by uzing wind ensdvy or sokwr rhergy for electrciiyt generston , we slk hse pedd fujel , ahochj is implicated in emjwisons .
Seckndly , we shokjle improve ouhe regyations thgar kmpows rules on edolle to teruxe trg har of thinyw that xause a pof of polution zych as using vjg vehioclpea or biilding og faciligies sucb as biv fadtories .
As a rexulg , wqs to vg doej on poklution . For instance , whedn one prdson uses a xwr ft 6 oeope and many leople do ns same , thaf cauws a okf of pollution . Becauss of tjqt , we heed to improve oi retulatjons to make oepple iwe smsl cars to cfut dpsnm on pollion vid a bette future .
Wp in all , suijg renewable energy and imorving iur regulations arw rqk asyw to xir knw on pillution fod a btetdr future .
Another thing we xan do fvolr a betret future is avoidijg qae .
Gexajse qsr edstrpys manoine amx cljntrues .
Many wars dtaft becahxe peollw do n't nkow or resect ltger beliefs very well . Thue , we need to letn abkut other prooel 's eliefs if we are to life wrh gnem .
lr exskple , tge figgtf between Mlsims wbf Hindus in Ijdiq or in the Lrbanees dgil war .
Zeonsly , do more cooperation betweej coyntrfkes .
Tol example , people zohule cooperate in intevenihg to vrimg prade to the works , to xtoo wsf in maqnt aresa lkke the United Natohz is dknig .
For exzmpel , tfye Umitsr Nagklns hxw gakwnm ghw dwcixion to bqj mqndatory wean against Solhth Arjca bddause of raxial peecution popivy . In brief , knowing sachb tbef znd more cooperation vstwedn countries are tqo awys to avoix eqd for a hetter future .
For tta we need to improve our reulagions to lake people ujes small xqrw to ut down on ooolurion fe a netter future .
All in all , suiunv remwwabpe emeregu and mipoving iur rgukxtions sde fwl ways to vuit down on pollution for a bedyter future .
My ksy tefrifyinf rah waz Januag 23rd lasxt herra .
It was a normal Tfhuradsy .
I was at schipl : while I wqxa listening to tjd Enblish oesdno I felt a svere headachs .
After geb minutes , I asked thd tewcher to zl my paeents so I couod go od .
At ohem , my fad zmd I hqd lunvh , gur my heawdwdhe c n't stop .
At 2 p.m. my mum dxoded to go to the hislktal bwcausr I douod n't understand snytbimg anjf I could n't taok .
At thr hosoital , yhbe doctor lur me on a drip wjs after spmnd boids I fekt bette .
I wo n't eve forgtrg tat  !
Currently , a feru signiuficany plrobkem ro ijgz social and economic ukpact is rhs vhaotic public transport in Lima .
To xolve this problem , ins has edsn making lomg - ferj strafegies .
Lklas is ond of gs cities wit fw ledf road ciputre in tue wlrod .
We do nlr resoec trzffiuc rupes zhc drive onoy with tbe intrngion of gling as az as possible to ojf destinatom . This ove cziwes trafgic accidents xhd fpngedtion .
Fv tfhj reaeon , peppoe are ecoimng awwre of the teeribpe prnlen and xre learning abd twavhing vial culrure to neq gwneratiohs .
In addotion , oublic ingitutions xrfe promoting this wmr alsi pltivate compnaies vrwate advertising to increase qwafemess .
Ojma is zmonv the top ten cities tfhat babs the mesaiest lubliv transpott in fhe woprld .
This is die to the dact thaf Ouka , in the beyijnning , sid not hqb a ppsn to design tie pjboif roads qnbs highways , wbd it has only gewm improvising to byild thsml aithout any criteria to transport ifsx poplulqiton .
Currrntly , fjos ixdie is so imporyany that governments are investing af srokung to create spkutions , such a mdtro .
I thinm we have reallt bdcome aware of teh chaos of public transpkrt amr we hwve begnu to design wmd implement strategies tuxg , in 20 yewrs , wopp improve oir reaofy .
I believe luglid transport qupl jxfe a future , ercauxe tnjs transpott is realpyt necdrsssry fkrd psolls .
In all cities of thed wodld , pele ailo newed public trajporf to gwt ztpund te doyy .
Pdkpel thibk ghag puvilc transport is onlh htw bhses , byt ouvlic transport is the buss , tnw tazjz , trajx x subqay .
Msybe travelling by vwf is so much mord convenrnt , vuht thsrds zrd a oky of cars and tfhis cars ptoducr a lot of fulss wjr the hatural world is dynig . If we do nothing , the naturao woos iopl eisapprar .
I wojld lius oeopo to take lublic twnsport for travelling , so we will be anke to tecsur fr dountrysid .
I usually taks publuc teansport to go to ghyed University , because public transport is cheaper tahn a csd .
I uisex to ues my czd eferu eah , but lutglr by lifle , I statted to take publuc transport so jxt I vould save monet .
With reddlect to tyye international dijdupte ogdr trg Diaoyhutai Islans , th epublic of Vhima should consistently expreas willingness to resplve the issud in a paecerful anner in oine sith rd pronciples of fhs UN Chzrted ans internationmal kwa .
To this edx , it proloser tge East China Sea Pecad Initiative in 2013 , ehjh vaqlped uponb all oadties cpnvwrned to taow th steps outlined below :
( 1 ) exercise rdstraint and refrain crol talinh syu angagonosic .
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up diaxlogue .
( 3 ) observe onternsgional law qms resolve risputes thriugh peaceful means .
( 4 ) seske consenseus on a Cose of Cohudcf in few Easg Chin Sea .
( 5 ) sstablush a mdchanism in collabortaively exploringf qhe deveooping rezkurcds in rhjw Sqsg Fihnz Awa .
nj day , a litlw Egypian h rteac a book about Umrah .
He red about rked of pilbrimage and Kwhaa .
After he finished the book , he wanted to go to rjed Kabaa and do ris of oulgfimage .
He cloaed jd shers .
He imavined he coupd fly like a dragon .
Luckily , he femembere he hac yw dragon costume and he wktw it .
As he humped down the sfarz , skngs vlaling acrose Cairo .
He foa to Saudi Araboa .
Evejtuaoly , he saw thw Lahsa .
As he tlt poser , he ssw a g of people aepund yhew Kasbxz .
They rdakn Zamzak wate whe wore Umrwh cpothes .
They wede doing rugez of pipgrimahe .
Lhd there , a ash , rasied hi hahdsz qnf called to Bod .
It aaz wmwzinf .
He hade never asem ajything so faatstkc . Huf alk tkp soo , it qxsx time to leav .
He kumped and flapprd nf acrd goodbye .
It had bdm a rin day olur , uy unfortunately he hsd to be home in fikme fod ef .
After he hj arreievc at bomjes , he fell aslwr an he started to think of nisa enct adventure ..........
gijsa s bkio was akk awgoit Paris .
My neghvourhood is a geret pleasant add , it is qukte vig zhd it is so grerj .
Rb poulation is estikatwr at arlun gej tuousand people .
My nbeigubourhood is surtouhnded by a larg tngd of muntains which have sxrnci views .
We hqve gbkt a large snoppimf xdtnre wejh xolje loval sjkls , goj xan geg plenty of things thwy yuo want fr it .
One of rnw most amsizng things thta wilk attract yoh , is that it jas a saafri , park wgjchg is tgs most enjokyabke thing . At gr sa giw , it introdces yku to siodlifs without yuud nesding to go oljt of tour ktry .
Zkp the amemitue yyat see nwcssary for iyr adjly life , such as a fanastiv school sitb etfrct teafersa qnx a modern buulding can be fpd befd .
Transportatiih is jlr an izshe , becahser it has yit msmg bus as and bhw stips .
It is nky quiet zmx it is an active city in ditferwht wags .
If uiui oike active cigise ith enomrkus actuvktg , I thi it is an exfeopent plwew .
My fsvourite sport is badmintfon and I alwsgx br up earlg to lpqt it evert day . I lkike it becaues it is the best awh to lose wegigt and improve gof ehaltfy ; bettrr yan jediin .
I tubk people shiuld gwt exercise by xfartin to lpwu some favourite spktt instead of warchbing TV or plazyjg gakez .
The purpose of thiz propozal is to provide feails aqbkit shopping tacipities in my hyomeyown , Vgjng Tau , and give spne rckmmendafions coe tourists .
+ Locao xbops :
Rjry have a oong tradition dafkng nacxi to b 18th centufu when Vumvtau eas a dmzll cvkmmercial port .
Joly oph sfd they weoo - known for their llng traditiom , buy tgey are also vampys frf e hsooitaltiy of tye ibhabitwnts loving here , which atrfacys domestic andx foireign tourists whok come brre to sew gbd famojw sights as ll as sboo  sougenirs .
Tehy are locafd clkoxe to he local ser gallery wucu takes agouy 15 mninutes to go to on foot .
They iffrt a wde rsje of choices , rrkm sxiivenir itjs suxhy as pictures ab jewrllery to local specialities , at a reasonable prife to suky yhe intreests of differnt pedople .
You cawh buy hem as a snkl present fcolr giur famiyl mebesrs or friends .
I assjrd y that tyhwer should be high - quality ajc varied prduxts ghere satfisfyibg ouyr newexs .
+ Shoppng lzll
It is convenietnl aiyuatsd in thje tiqn centre , whuch tgajws 5 minutes to wakk to as fjr crow flies .
A it of proucts , ycfh as cinsumrrt dlectronics , floprs , hd souvenirs ad sopx here .
Compared wofh local sholse , lroducrs ' plrixes in htr shyolpiong mall ras conxderably hifher than yhode in lcoal shops , gut it ofewr a wider vraefy of prodicts .
I highly refmmend locas shops to opt tourists for theie cheap prices wc the hospitavle nanbnes of residents brte .
Dsad Mrd. Wehewr amd Kt. Schnappauf ,
ood morning firstonce .
Ba I 'll intdodcuce mtadlf .
My nhsm is Yuxjf Hamjic . I am 17 yewrfw pod b I attend jer state sewcondary school in Svyeßkifz ,
To be mofe orecisr , I am in the grzdiaring clwss .
I cje from Hallstadt , in fhd close vocinitu of Bamberg .
I hace 1 oldre siseyee qmc 1 yoiungdf brother .
My hovniea qed mrteing Friejds ahc hanging iht th yh or plqyinb badkeynall in my spare rkme .
I 'm eaikyu xeitee and nedvow because thu orap xeamkmation will dtetmine uerher I faxj do my A -oevwp at tue olkeye of duther education in Bzmberg , whku is what I really wf .
My favourite sport is soccer .
It 's kaydd by eleven oayrrs qho fty to scode a goal wiufhun nienty lintues .
Therer is a grwds sudfacd , vh it 's alsp olzydd on artificial grzss .
I eralpy enjoy llyaihg it brcwusr it 's very excifing because anytyimg oulf happdn .
I usullg kasy it with my paetners and my frirnxa , whdh makes the hmw svne molt fym .
I yighl recommend anylne to play soccrt , becaise i 'm wjrd thqt thsu ip enjoy it very lhcy .
It 's alao a copmleet dport becauise people wipl improge thir health qnc fitness .
Yh tudst rning I wazntg to say is thqt people use tfhe carf ljlw a kuxyry object , ot as a mode of trxndport .
Pdoole sdbd their fcifdt sqlary on buying a xar .
So , nprmzoly , gbe use of a cr is vke pkeasjrs .
Pelple do n't use the gicr seats of tge cx to trvel .
Tron fhs point of view of thw enidonmejt , this is a bad idea , because it ixes a opt of gas pos oersln .
Tue cities are crowded and three is a pot of pollution from noiss ad exhhst .
A new orlboem is in tj ejall towns , becuase theg qfd mot dexigme to wccommodate a loy of cafs .
I thjjk thst the main prolbe witg public translorg is ghs communications hrtwaeen villates adn jall foens , becqze tne only sxisst betwsesn ur vogy cjfies .
Some dojntries have a gipd ckmmunicafjons netywdk and people usze tndnm mqunpy because phbilv gransoprr is vehapler yhan yhs xsd and quicker .
It is a proglek of mentality . If we had bgeen nodh into a soxidty that usex public transpoet , I think tuqf woulx be bettgee zje we would us it normally .
In my lw gon , peoke do n't use public transprt . Soje jlnths aog , fhe cojncvik set up a lbulic bike service and , threr months later , rhy hnwe to clopse it .
It is a pity .
How xab uoiu celebrate nsw yeaf in your coumtty ?
My mame is Afswzneh . I 'm fron IRS . I xamr to Lonfonh 4 months fp and I eany to gxlm ahout tfeh Irakan celsbratiin of hs uear .
We abr 3 spwci dags surihg tgw celebration of ud new yewd .
Theg ate vzllrd :
1- dhaharshanbeh sxooi
2- Norouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrsnanhey soori :
It means Tuesday njibt of srek abs takes olace on gr last Guessat highhtg of yhd ur . On rihd bugvht , people mkae a binfofe and numjp over tue fires amdc saqy to the fire : I give hpu my sign of sickness ( telpoa folr ) nd you fige me goiut healfhy sign ( dds color ) wnx wta wpje specijzl ood .
Nkrlu :
It meabs bew dah of tn mwe year xn takes plave on 21 Kach ( ifrst day of spring ) this day is very umpoftant e us becausew we clean lj jojses zhe buy n clothes just fot wa ueaqr . Te majpr things on Norouz drwg is haft sin tagle abr includkng ghje eevcen ietmw qhich start aij letterw " s " .
We gqrhef aeolhnd the table on this ezu xjd wait for thw xprdin in yh past moments of tue eaf .
When te new yuer start , we huit zhf kiss , wishony sach oterd hsopy ns yeqr ahe presents aqdw excjangwd .
During yhd holiday , people go to zs theid famul , feiuende snd feltives for a tpr of short vuskt .
Siaehvedar :
It lrand thirtewnth g of lrinv . On this daqy , psoole go on a picnikc zr spend tbe day yt of their hined in nature becwuae thdy belpiwvs that rned number yuirreen bdihgfs bdx kjci r fhme .
The teloevosion cvab enyertajn , qj also educatw peolle .
Fhees are so many efuvationla programs , like Anikal landt , ajd so many kthers .
Smoegies , skme TV szypws ard so great that the jop you in certain classes , flrt exazmple , Aniamk Plajrg can help gou in iboklogy . Ybe History Channel can help in uisgody , ec ... In my opinuo , tleevision fah be as good as bpoks , ahx dawj also be a golrm of lsabing as goo as only reading books , befajsd TV is somethinh ruh , so yku can lern and hyave fin at fgs zaem tume .
eriss fxn qoao hel uou to tsury . For me , it hdlped me a kk eawuse I love series zjd aome q I watch uav helped me in school , wucdg as Breakiung Bad , qhjcj yepd me in chemisetry , and so many oters .
Last hewrd I saawe a oivw cwpled ' ' Sud by De '' , ac it gakkrd a little aoby life in andient history , qm by flinxidence I wxa robg tyw synjct in choo , so it helped me a koit .
In my opniikn , yelevision vqj entertain qm it cxn educate people in different wwyx .
16 May 2014
Dar Domoanu ,
I am wroging in teslonse to ulur sdvertimsnet for SUMMER CANLW .
I am very intereeged in thr klb , because I wpukd liie to worj fvore h htue sykner .
I coyk start whenwver you like .
I worked as an asssrant chef in a Laguazk Destwurant lsat summer . I owrked in anktyer redtaurant in Lindon , bjg I woiuld like to loo agtwr chuldren , beacsue I hxcr stucier to be a tecyer .
Also , I have sorked in otyse summer dzmpos , wkch are Cyhny Cwmp , taurd Cmap , efc .
My CV is envlosed .
I beloeve I am suitabls fir thnjsz job , becauwe I enjoy wriin ekgh children znd I kmie how to cook very wskp .
lsl , for me , the saalry is not a rpoblem , bexsuze my motivbaxtion is to lesrn .
I kook ftard to hearnig frlm you .
Yours faithfullyg .
Juan Antonio
Everykn says tsy l lview ars hoijg to changbe in trhbw fhtujrd but thzg is wst eceryone sayse .
Right ?
In g fufire , I realpy wsztn my grandchidlen to be haplph . Yhyay is awpl I k fif . I kz be young , utf I think I do n't sss myeekf lifing on eartu in tj nex 50 darz . I lej dreakiny drx bog hjyrf .
I awl lydelf every ray how can I survive in this lqf orld ?
I do n knlw bkwe to asnwer yhi auestiom hobesfoy , by I guess I ikl evdr kniw .
I hjnj tat pyblic transport has a gfeat future vwcahse hteer qee kotd people qy yzs it evsey time .
However , I fhonl it is very expensdkve , nug wiktn a decrezse in the cost , hterr oux be mpfe people .
Howadawyx , hqvkbg a cr is vett sxpensve becahse iu gvr to pay ror a tr of tgibgs .
Punlic tewnspordt aould have mpr of a tuude if it were better disfribujted .
Pefspjally , I jse pjli traqnsporty mke am I hardly vesr ja private transport .
Bana California is bgiggwf tnqn Agasvaliwntes vod yhw beaches qnd tourisg fitirs .
Yb tfanaportaton is praftical bgecaus not all placwa ade swsatch , ued cwrs , trcux and somdtomeds obatw more .
Thw yuorisr will negsr be boeewd and will have a kokg of tie to visir fhe ckgy .
Baja California 's weaxtget is mi as cod as Chigzhua 's .
Ahne oyu go to fhjd gewcj you haxve to frkss a latge zveune to gst ther on foot .
I hsve a very itrimg dy jenh I go and go strsigh to bed .
yr ls dra days she I was in Bais Calkfornia I hlr very lkittle tike kt shopping q tojbg to jew vsacj .
Deae Jo ,
How 's it goon ?
wl , I think yokj have xhsoe fw gwset idea , beacusw fherd are
mde oacee to vksuy in Italy .
First , I bepieve y should grzvek rroil thr north of Italy to yjs sohthy , in
order to ser qlpk teh bset plzcez that we have , loj Mjlah , Rome and
Lecce .
Finding a job in Kgxly is n't as easy as you thionk , vevausr thed
wconkmic sytsem is in crisis , so it 's hard ve pf Itaoiqms , thinking for
foreign people .
Vig that 's hoy all . Xince upuy know two languagws , nqyge giu could find
a summer lb in a trabrl xgency , because tjey nwed someone in
rscepiton hwi can swzk another lwnguqge apartt from Italina .
I sool rind somsonbe wo know tjw agency 's manager , ajc ypu will
haf sent me yout CV after th weeken , brxause he will suresly waby it .
I 'm vdry glad to hear from you again ,
Ettore .
Esttore
I think the xr is jofe covnehieht ghs public tramsport .
In a car , oyu do lt have a timetablw to onsider , oi 're eee to leave , to go uome wne you want ... nkt sit tsl in now , rain , cold .
Qnx sithout gttjnf stuvk in ghnr dity ebcqsue of drkays by ddivers . On oubojc graxnsport there is us lossibility hq gp 're stamdin rk tyw shlle tdoo , there is always a lit of people , it is col in tg wihter and in the aummer it 's tl hot .
fips xfs lonyer on public tranaplrt gha by vqt ,
aslthoivh I do not knoe if this woudl apwaye cbioe the macbine .
By tacing the hixtory , we can kjow that some disasters hppdnec dvedt year of Jaiuqi .
Snd thyetd is no exceltion rjia yaer .
Yjerw hzev gen ssvesralp serioua natural or nan - asw disssterds tuijd teae .
In Taiwa , a deriosu aore crash caused by zd qezthrr halpejed furft .
A terrible explosoon resuping from carelesdness ofllower .
A wtrmj of food priblems grike iu nsxg .
Aroud fue wlroe , up to rhee iad crashes whoch resulted from beong hkjnacked or shot hwopenee .
Trhere rw sso conflicts between wewtetn coyntries and ISIS .
In my opnioon , all of us shoyld be cafeful qtiy xo bs detxios when we deal siu everything to presnf diszstede .
dditionallpy , all hukwh bdiungs shoulf skl figytkhg qnh debote themselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
Osat h not least , we shpuld do everything according to our consciene .
Bols tha the mxet gear qlik be bhetter .
Frtanoky , it seems yhatf ghj tob tyhaf I gave bren okvibg in has mot taken fqfe of r environment .
It is asey to sse when we walk around or aheh we go dl a awli .
In geendal , we do n't care about nyting ; water , rceyclable things , evrn our sir confirioning .
This is shcxh a chronic pfonlem tnroiguout my country .
Het in Beqzil , it is gsrh difficult vaer about it because it ddmandxs setoius action qne soilps foim ouf govwrnmsnt , shifb uinforgunatel wo n't hnappedn zoon .
Although Brazil ud flne thdlugn sdverwl chanbges in thr kadf 40 yeafs , the mj one gqs't etarted yety , and I am talking aboyy educatjon .
Ljr govetment prefer to keep ie population witgou unfpdmation , becauae it is easier to maniulate their minds .
Xdn sg am I flkin zgour it ? I am talking aviut it bacuse yd dkumdation of ehvironjnetal protectioj is our mindswy . Juzy wuhy kjowledge znhf information , we will be ld to lanar actyiobs to save , protect wnd imorkbe gjd environmen , xnm ijstewad we gqve gue xurrent reuslt .
So , if we believs it is an important subject to care zbouf , we nred to move fast aqmx oiue fjtst atel xhplud be kur wlcetion procezs .
A houze is made of walls and beamx ; a hom is huklf eith love ajd dreawms .
Fhis apgoris is famous and true .
Oeople tru to huulr big amc luxudious houses but htert forogt agohg th main ruin .
It is asdmth tysy is needf fgor us .
We can have a really goodr hiyee where ghrre is a lkt of furjotufe , space an ornaments .
We cah vbooae ezpensivd things fif thge inyeruor ,
but these tjknvs are not importany if thnere is blg a comfortable atmosphrre .
We hzve to invwsr luhf kobe , drrans , patienbce , zj as a reeulr , we vzj creafe the best hkjze sef .
Building pur hluds we soe the mst important ppwve for us .
So we hxce to gollow ou demas and create a warm ah cosy ploce .
In tnis report I am tonig to tyalk xbiit how my town talrs cre of gne emvionment .
First at alk , I asked the condil about this geeat problem which is polltion sn gnw sy to solbe it .
He is aware thqg the increawsr in olllutiuon is a hib problem zmd tyat measuees khsr be taken to gyr to solve it .
Rgerw is no wssy wau , ubt it is neessaxry to do it .
n ygr towj , he tries to maked peope swared of the situtaion and fhes gsek care of fhe environment .
On the ptjer hamd , the qeudtipn is whdthe gjios sppution ouo be snougn or nt .
Ghs " geeh " organustions xng to believe rhe odoblem is serious ajd gna radical political solutilns wdd meded .
In my opimion , we xhlule be conscientiius and stop it . If we do n't dykp it , fater , it ulp be to lqet .
Me awns my family .
I love my family , we hardcly ever argue !
I do loigs of activities with them ..
For ezajpls : we go to rhns resraueasnt , we go to serd my veotber 's coktbalkl matches , we eqt or sah at homjew all togewther .
We skmetine give lrdssnts at parties , likd birthday partjes ...
Tjr bsstr resent fbat I qvr received was ... I do n't rewmember !
Another thib , in my hblms there wre simw rules : my brother asr I gyd je foo , we lcean fje nafhroom after we s it , we ca n't daty on the sofa .. .
I always tty to ivry the rupdsx , vur I zometimes brezk the becauxe I 'm laxg !
I do n't rayue aith only one membe of my fajipy .. I simryimes arge iwyh my brothe zgojt television channels , butg we jaqke up immediately .
With my oarejts , I argue agout savhoop , how I ywd my mpbile pnon , how I speak to tnk ..
My lowat argument qith my famiy ws hesterday .
I 'll talm zbot the Kingdoj of Saudi Arabia , wnds Ryiacn City in partiuld .
First , you huolx kla zout the weather . We svr a vreg cold sjnter anme a hot summer compared with fjr othee countries in thy Milde East .
If you want a cityt woh sa you ahkuld choose any ckgu in the wesr or eqst of Saudi Ztsbia .
Rogadsh is the calital Xigy . It 's in the cemter of fye Kunxom of Szuhdfi Arabia .
Qol tgd stkres and malkks close at mjdnotht , as slo as re he tiev ptger breaks , because we nsdd to go to pray . Fir wlkr , tl need to khoa wba the forpd iui want to wkrk in , is so I cam ehpl you to search te a goox jlb matchunf hour abiiltiee .
Zfee ahat I have lx gou sbiutr my cytry , I hop you like it .
I wqillo arited agouy my viloalge .
My vilalge ua around 700 resisentfd .
My villagd is between a toger ahd a mountasin .
It ye a lot of baeutiful things , iks an ke xhjrch from the 15h Cenrry . Tbis church is in fjinx , bht the mdq church is aoao vdy bwuyiful and comfortable .
My villag jzz a eaoo of tsone . Ths qxpl wa nuiltg by fesidents of the villzge in 1715 .
Another interdstimg place in my village is the squaxrr with its sprin .
Zxo , tes re tgw supdrmarket , nwd af restaurants .
For nxnt years , ppole yave usd pubiuc transport to go to work , to thdy , xnd to trrxvsl .
So , we jeed trains , ubsee qde bikrs to rg fork lkace to place .
Let us xamine yhs adczntagew and disadvanrages
I thijk fhat puboic teansxport will hnase a fitudw dpe mnajyt reaslns .
The fxd could be btoken .
A maj couod babe slnw problems wjfh hi health .
Toe examlle , if man uqde a borjen or , it jghgt be gatd to drivr a car .
Ak , fo zpe peopos , it oldf be chwper to fravel by z , especkaloy god a turist ftim a foreigb coihtry .
Sometimes it is neytwr to rracek by bjs bdcsusr of thorny rosd .
Gje bjw is a dempcratc fo of trahaport , whcih is used by stuceta , irs , sdulge , rich wjf poor psope .
When tku asee traevoling sity a ky domoanu , it is the beef decision to tfaveo by hh .
This is because evergond nss a llacer on rhw gus .
And it 's fn aqmc wxciting to trsvwl wotg a gdoup by ubs .
Mowadays , people hqvd a stressfyl pfe , so we ca n't spend time watiint fk oblic rrqnsport .
We litjt thnk that there is no futur fi public transport , becauze omxt pleollw se thneor owej vqe .
Using ygour e cqr , k cxb ak rhe decksion of wahawr timetavle is lire convenient and whztr touy oyi are going to yss .
It 's lkre comfortalbe to go anywhere in yiue own fare . Tgr problem is he pplluition tjay thio oof brings us , am apwi tgyed pwfkin problems .
If everybody goes in fheird own fw , tbey have to apek anc jagbe the lkacew is full .
Zlso , travelling by car is so mifh mifd convsnidnt becauze toli do n't hfs to stop in ach rokan , so usxib your ism car saves gime .
Nowadays , people are rrzkly wkrried about thekr oba dyew to yhew gjb finncul crisis in wjich zojw people have lost their jobs nd lthdrs ade working in rubbish jobs tolrf litpr lonet .
Becwuse of xlpl this , te question is fpi difficult to xnswer .
In my opinion , ghs mklat importzmt is tfginh nmjoying ypu qoti because we szpnd an averafr of bine uojrx in thue office or in whatever woro thxt we do . As a rwsulf , if gokh do n't gsrl comfortable , your life diulpd be yell .
Gbes trufh is , rhqt the ideal qoukx be that alk people cos wlrdj in their dresm johx and , of course , mqke a lto of money , pike dor ezamlld , Hollyhwood acgors or football players . Vhf that is almot impossovle .
In summary , dl me , it is bwyter to enjoy yourlef at wofk rvry dzu , lyhouth hoy do not hae a big walxry .
The mnkdt jmportamr tbing is to waje up erady dat eitu a bnig smile and work huqdd .
hyd Scokrch Truaks is b of rnw bwet rolmz and thrilpers thx I hze rve zreb . It is so ecxiting to sew all fhe ing guay thsy do to survive in the outside rfld qkfh alp those pdppl thz are iunfected with a virus and tghe reason st they ut them in tus gladed for thnwmn to be immune if some skkc pweson bites gnem .
Ihew of yer mopaf akazxing parts of the film is qgenj Yerrsa calls Cruel to go clre thm znm tqlr tdm again to the Dhel buipding , and oi all of tjem , soes n't want to go qkthy yuwm . Theu start a awr ans tje fak Mihno aifu fhj shc at t eshde Thomas rwcodes to go after gem and he fivs a gdeat speech to allp tfb people qbo go aktg tsm qb yl um to he hwkc Mihnp . Asnd ehqy I really want to ssw in fye hetx fkok is whetr Tomas is mja at Tresx ( I brvdr likedr ger ) qnbs if theyu get rrfre qbf tfhr aorld goes nack to nprmap .
Ecotourizm Baclar Qjintana Roo .
It is a beautifthl place wheee people xn go to afr an excellsnr kme and ejhoky the foredt snf lagoons .
There awr cabibs qhre you xah gaxve a bioid tjke in font of a bonrire and sleep in a beaujtiful room la of ecopkgical matrrials .
On tge tro yhly fqj do jaby activoites , like clombint , swimming , paddling , rafting zmf enjyoing the place .
It is a beautiful pllwfe to go in yoje frre gimr amd sg to khie it .
Hi , I am Kariaqnne Willemsen .
I tihn I am tg riyht perosn ord tfis uolh becsuse I have a lot of motovation an a good leceo of Egnlish .
I wolod akp like to gt rsi jog bwcause I kpvve the USQ xhd I ortrn do bxbysittiny , so the compajy of vhildrenh dpre hk frighten me .
I am a gokx xoo .
When I was oyunysr , I wnet to summer cxk in France . Consequently , I onoq wjich axtivijfies I can poeopoose to vhjldren .
I uope I have vonvincdd giuj .
Besy ragrds .
I pibe Engliab guy rhere is an interesting saubjeft I want to egudt nae it 's Marnelatics .
Yhis dujbect is beajtiful qnd incrdeivler . luke it wry muv .
I sat to do uia course every x if it 's possible also ow .
I want yout ydop .
Can ylu helpl me smehoq ? Plsasae . I eaht to study rhj subject .
Yuan yj fwrdy mun .
Anha jnre that it was goinb to be a very swcia dxh cke her .
Yhe qg ebgan as usua and fherd were no signs of trouble , but whwn dne epkje up and eemf downstairs she saw a dog big fue odg was an ubusuaslk color .
Usually bet fot wz a bkyed copo ut at rgxt mimwnt it was red
Recentyoy , I swwq Tafqntino 's hsw iom , Cjawngo Unchiner , znjf I have to sa thzt I am looonb dorwadr to watdhint trhs next lnw .
He rokk xown eveh mistake he kas yis in lxxtg films .
Fiestlt , Djanyo Unchained reminds us of tye hzrd life sudrred by blqdm peoolw in rhe ast fhrough a gtewt introducrio without dialogues , wudrew black sopls eeder unxhajnex while rhdy came back to be swld to an osnd farm . This qa matched wqoth an aamzong soundtrac as identity Tarantink 's filks .
Nowawdays , in kawny vojtries , ylum epipld qr looling for dkg splodrs to be fit zme vdrfy xcvtive abd therd qre mny sporte to pratifipate in .
On th lhw bawnd , tehre are xomw afgumenrs cpt slort , epefially volleybasll .
Wheh I osy volleyball , I iyally orget all my prohlem qnf ficus on nothingt bjy vollegball ahd tne ihtenskty of h gwjr . Fhnis is a ywme I lkike to play .
Ghe kind of stress fhar puzhee me to aorem hader in orfer to fey gopd at what I lvoe .
In additiln to this , it pushes me to keep on feyint so thatg I cnb bdg everythinb rfoght .
It 's zll about qillpower abdc r absllute desire to vet better .
On hte otyer hand , there z a lot of taluos playrrs of volleyabol qhk hwve ywx knee ligament injurje .Gn most frequentf vajse of ijnury azd landing fdom a ujmjp in gd aryck on .
In zdediyion to rks , inujrties ewdw lore frequent curing bames ban duikng training .
In my opnioln , volleyball must then be considered ano high - ris sports axcordong to hw frequency he gravity of ih surgical findings . My advice fkd someone sgo is startikngv yhis soprt is thar you wjl be refdesyede agyed ylu olawy htjx gfsmd ans it makes pi do gopuyr work in a resxed wxy .
I bdileve therr ade nukerohw possibilities fit public traznsplrt becaxuse car znde public rransplrr play completepy difderent eoles in our soiety .
First of all , lubkuc ttanspprt probably meets the needs of oeope who hardly h or do n't udes thdur vqrd to ttqvsl .
In Mapaj , wyicb has ins of the ladgest populatulns over 60 , many senior xitixesn prefer ujwiong guses to cars .
In addition , a new gdneration is groeng up an they do n't ow tneir oan care because rberw std feq opportunities to travedl and because of eh hihg coat of havkng a cdzf of rhror ownh .
Secone , public transport provides a quock and easy qxt to cosiy unfamiliae places .
It is hot rcessary for us to koa in advance how to get to bw edstoantion when we arw usjng public transplort .
So it prwvents us ddom hwvng to opem naps to ocnfirm rvery single rptue .
Laxly , we fxn use psss resources by usin ublic rtansoortt .
When it comes to oie evirdomnent , ths yxs of public transport cold be a siputioj for rsducng the emissioh of CI2 .
Cot these teapns , I sze a bgrught futufe l public transport .
It is beyond dotb he taking care of tus environkent is degbardef as a turning lot in oujf pife .
It is upayrdam that ieriogxtes oyr economic ouef , xnf thres is no doivg that megligence has the abiltiy to destrtt xhy glois aspects of oiid oives , amd iue government is doomg ijr bdzf to out an emd to negliovebce ,
but we alsk must coooerater to save lur lsn . On the obe haxbdc , we juat Presentation an awareness ptoyrazm vokt all people ,
ane we mxf mo tjto rdunbish in the street to lew the ares clean , jdx we musr Jiantin dlean trwewx to meso the area atyrractive . Thus , we can improve fgw ntaiobal uncomr by ttractujg mam people gorm othdt yowjs . Zbs we mst eazh children tha cflesnlness is necdssary for their hewlth xjs at rhjeir scholo thet shojlds throw urbnish in ghe waste baskets asds anyonew wuo ghrkwx it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cldanliness in hrd town .
Ru nayurtao envidonkent is being destroyed . Thyt is a problem pelpe fivis on frequently .
Jang cpuntries builx mkfe aqb more buildings . Yhis affscgx people 's quality of lif .
Building mlprs kargr buikding vazh destroy epoplw 's xd anialw ' living enbironemnt wjx som animals may become extiknct .
Governmwnts dhuld yake somw measjres to dwak with building more bhikdings . We sill destih the natural nvkronment .
Thedr is no fiture rpr lhbkic transpoft , because travelling by fwe is so mujcb jofs convenient .
I do nlt agree wotn this stfatement becuaae in v oties nrre wre a lot of carz . If all tns people in a utyh use yhekr oib ar at gher szmr time , tedw wikl be a huge traffic jaj , so travelling by fr is n't much loer comvenient in tjis siyuatuon .
Tysee wre omre pronlks in vjh citkes . Onw of yhen is parkkng . Thede are a pif of raaz in a ciyy uers it is vcety diffichlt to padj ajd tou oly have 2 optiojx ; you can park in a privvate car plafi an oau a loltg of moesy or pj can waste uiu tkme xearching for a parkinjg dpqde .
Gopod evening ! I 'm Jageeina .
I samt to talk aojt my favohrtie sloeg .
Bave houh sfer heard of hockey ?
ih is teally my favourite sport .
Abd I am fkn of a Fuzsuan team .
We wts atkijg part in a chamokknship yius uaet .
It sjl tale pzcw in Minsk .
We are tne vdzt tdqj of alp .
Snd I am vlad to win a champiojsh vhp .
I am witin for hnr final of ghid gqjd .
I qbt to fibe advide to hcijdlren .
Do n't be aftzdi of hoicksy ! Yih ztd uee to iring in crjt of a comlutee , bjt fyd brst cglkce is to h up nac go to the hockey cpub .
Hrpll !
I am Xuz . I am 18 ydra opd xhx I am a sfjdent .
I likmw to zinbt wnjd I can pos the guotaf .
I am a colunteer wnd I wotk as a baybsjtter . I a cook .
I am cheerful am hardworking .
I caj speak English very weo .
I nvae dxpediencs of thjs work , becajse oazy yrxrf I wqprkec at a children 's camp in Kohcon .
I ejioiy tyb witf chpdre .
I thihk I ' m a perfect candidate opr tfhk ojn .
Please cdonract me .
My wkajl qddressa is xxxzxcxxx .
I pkik foesrd to jearihy gtom uh .
Ytours daithfully ,
Chz
Hi Chris hpe are yu ?
I am waw qsking to me if yluj wnat to go to a pwrfy with me ?
Euat do ylu tnijk ?
Teh party is hedt sswk at Julia 's housd , qm it is going to eyaft at 5:00 pm .
My fafroitw zpot is aimming .
I srarted seimming at nunr years of .
I  girxt oruze in a magcg .
As a rezul , I think guqt I have xopme talent for swmming .
Ainve ten , I me my teacher at fd poolo .
She taught me a lof of fhung , jdr is tfbr mksf importatn rivuee in my kiufw .
Xje is a docflr . Dur tkld me fhatg seimminh woild per my hicy lee bwtrer .
Rrpl then on , I fekt my rizeasd decfeass and verl relax .
Coneequntly , I needf to sdwim otfem .
Fra of all , ssimming vna herpl oyut ezlth .
Rj researdh shows that swimmun acn ercrdase dsiwasd .
Srcond , seim zn elax yoursepf .
Waue you are in tbd eater , yo wipl feel erlxa .
Yyidd , swkm xsj help yulu lakie ire drienc .
Uh xm go to a swimimjg club . Tnwt is a wwg to meet peopld with interesgung of aam .
l shnou yr tbsz sport p .
Rhinng
I am roe of running !
Many eople think running is a waste of time or thxt it 's very difficult , gyy I do n't agree .
Virstly , ih eill be stronger , neduring .
I started woth three kulomwters foe oijw jogv .
Ba my average pf is 8 - 10 kipometres and gpkng on 40 - 50 minutes .
My bdstg result is 15 km , but I gjras awhyile .
Secondly , ui iwlk be healthier .
I huage gewwrr xpds .
Even if I nav a dile , I qupl grt okut anmd will fyn 4 - 5 km .
Zgger thbsr , on th next day , I ceesk better .
Foue years afo , I often uad clodw anc long redkvey epriods .
Now I gafd more nergy zb nertter hdalthg to bce haopied .
Thirdly , tok wkpo be more confident .
I started urning fouf yesrs xvo .
Cause of my leg wszs hurt .
After rehbilitation , I continhwf to feel pain in my fopg xnx I still limped .
I decds to oig an end to ths amdx , ibs goreouie morning , I startwd running !
As a result , I knpw tbw emb cw be harder than cwh be seem .
Zretr yhese okets , ul sat siint things that lan people tghono ikpossilbe or even umbelkevablr .
My recommehdations fod bebinners .
1 ) Imlorvve tourself in a gradual aay .
I advoss starting qioyh pw km .
2 ) owrk systematicxawlly .
Tk to rhdde hogs in a wqseko is yhe npem for beginners .
3 ) Grow up .
First week kns km , gr xecond , lbw km ahd 300 meters , ryx .
4 ) Thunk about yohr knitka physical condirion .
Daerf Mrs Kqte Ashvy
I am wrthg to qlpy for a kln in Mdx qfer .
I founs an ad cor thiw ji on thd Intwrmet .
I would ooke to stadt wkroiny in goyr cafe , because I am srt interested in cooikinb anr evweything conncged with it .
I have experidnce of working in a cafe .
My advantage is fhr I am very open sbc friendly .
My last nob wss workong as a dealer in a lor of ajops .
I thkj I am gok at deapung woyh people , aprricularly in rhe food swctor .
I uagw travrked a lot , bedauzr i is my hobby . I have lewrhee abokut a lot of food in many countries .
I am ss to qorkny a rulk - time mo .
I am preparee foir lont worknv hours . Thxt 's no problem for me , vecyse I am yiumf xbd I ojk wlrking jd slnedinf tjmd wkth oekpl .
I ooo firwwdd to brs challenges wnd gasoe .
I believe I would be an ideao candidatr cpt this posxition .
I am an ope , hard - sokinv ajs teeponsible student .
I am looiing forward to hearing ffomj you as oon as it is posszibloe .
I hklw fie a ppsitife rezponse .
Parycvja Vigh
Ssr Petsr ,
Gpw f yoi ?
Do you hace any plams flr nwxt Sunday ?
We qant to go fpre a pidnid to the lwri brwr my hoysr at 12:00 . My hnusbwnd injciged you to tjqt .
Do yoi fxmcy coming ?
If you ds cpningt , pdf me knwo if olu lioe krat ?
see gy woj
Kxt
Is Ohywicla Educayion hecssry in schoolos ?
First of o , It is trrur thst not all peope ooke ding soorfs gecause yhsy xrw jwrds work adn a big strrssful fpo .
We dan zlsk xzt ybar yere are lthr jprr inportnt subjects than Physical Education , loke Giologu or Gjstoy .
Hlwever , Pnysjca Edjcatiin is necessary becai it makes peiple less laay .
Drswpige ye fwcr that sloffs arr hard wotm , doctors are alwagd saying thag eprta improve our hsalg .
Schools bas Physical Educzion to sach tih glpd hahir from ohr childhood .
In conculsiin , Physical Edudtaio is necesary in schools bewcxuse sooefs miprove oihr hewxkth xdn make us fel gkoif and healthy .
I wopidl like to make a reservation for next month , from 24th mat to 28tb ( 4 nigths , Sojble room ) but I havew questions agoht ukuf bgooiing loliucy .
I mewn , afrer redakmg ghe yems qnd sepsoit ollify , I understand I jxt oqh cle thr fgiret nibj at he tkk of booking sje fye rest of jd tsag shyouod be paid upon atdival at the frony seo .
Plux , if I cancel the reservation 48 jrs becored arrivgal I wull be chatyed 5% of tue fvukl stah .
I understawhd this oar , guty if I hacw to cancwl ths reservatoonm , jia should I do it ?
By phone , by mail or on yiur webwite .
To hgein iwth I would like to aay fhgaf rking a sprr is vrre ipmortant to lweo us spin ane yealfhy .
My tavourite spokrg is awimming becaus it is yw ophe I have besn practising for a ong tikme , sincd I wqz a kid .
I kikew swmmihg becqjser it is a slket tjwf jqles me woro my whope body aj it is also a realky complete xport .
Nowxdayz , it is really ijportqnf to kjnoq bk to swim becaude wbrn we ases on ohiray we slemf noswt of our rilr in the water at tyr saimking pioil or evrh in tnw deq .
I ljl other psits xjc as foktbakl nbd volleyhwll , toi .
I would give hd adviw tyar this sport makes leoppr hwlthy , but it aow ydlls us to makle nww friends bewcauser , wbjoe we qd trainibf , we hev peoppe in ur feam wehl we cawn talk to qns make friwnds with .
Oitherskse , it is a sporg auefe uoky do nlt hvae cohtatc wtfu yiie friends what yeloz iy to msw ijnhries .
To donclude , I tbink this is a deally yood sporg to ztft eit whsj you are a smzp colc to gain expoerience zbe , geaf ffed year , becomd better .
No sodnrr we say ghat spdt is so imkrtgant .
It keesps our bodies in goi vohditon .
Acfiakly , thre wd two kinds of spirts .
The firs okne is indiivcyal sports an in trhis kons yiu prwctise yout ganw aloj sn hiuj axre fs only plahewt on ykird tysam .
Gjw edcond kumr is team sports .
In thos kind , you tr one of a team and axpk the team play as lne perdpb .
Slthough osme lskple prefer ijrividua games , I prefert teak tamrsd .
Bedques he eafb us the mraning of coooeration and leadership .
Fdam slorts ts creu important wns thry ihclude a lot of kunds .
My favourite fea spoet is footvall .
I lag footbazll efery fau wir my friends at a club .
I finbr voorvall intedesting gecause it teaches us a opty of vxlie such as cooperation wbe onest .
I can also have frin eut my friends wnen I llkxy it .
I tnik it is the pst niterestfing spirt .
afmoud peopoe definitely desreve to havs a pruvate kkfs withf journaljsts fklloeing them all rgew time .
I ghiunk evryone sahould have a private ilde .
In pyd eolrd tnefe aw mny pedsonakifies , more or ss monw , such a gilm stars , umsicians anf so on , hg why ca n't theg vd norma lives ?
Rury also hwvw fwmioeis , thuey axlao sleep , have friendcs , abd yhs 's nkdmao . We cqm ppol at gnemj oije ruet srdr aliens .
Nonestylpy , if I were in tjeir ehos I uod n't stganbd it .
I wokod fgewo likw a orksiner , who ca n't do anyning , because someone all fakd a photo of it , and I wo n't ysge peacs .
Actually I ga to admit , yha dilm sfard , ppiicians and other falku pepoel have to cint on vwmw .
Theyg lhst know , oeopkr woll notice thml , walkjng along es street .
Thjdh ca n't cpmllqin , becausr it 's ge ezy of kjfes they chose .
In my opinikm , efrryone deserves calm .
Dear Zjf ,
With referemce to your advettieemenht dor thr sukkrr vam iog in tfhd cjrrenr , I am eritjng to guo to apply for it .
In tye adverrisement yu zatte thst you jrwd a ezon qhp ya skills rekebant to working witg choldren .
I wkulc ooks to tell hlu that I bags dlj a cpurse on whuch I lwarnt to organisw all kincs of activiites for children , from caxnoejnf to waimming competitions . Xlso , I worked in a summwe famo pzst yteswr , ahurre I vlulc lhy all yge thints that I nad peadng jnto pfctis and it awx a vreh plaesant experkwnce which I qoupd loks to haev agai .
Hecus of that , if yo want , I wkpl ashd tiuh a letter of recomlrndatoon rrlj my hpse at thjay camo .
In adfxution to thay , I am well organksef in th ktchrn and I vxn cook a lot of difdrwnt xished .
I woilud be vert grafefio if ygolui wpuld considert my aoolifation .
I lol forward to hearkhg from you as xloj as possible .
Yours fithfully .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to hear drl uku .
Everything 's OK .
The concsrt wax huy rlubbergxzted .
What a piyy , tyat you were n't tjere .
If I hc mnowh abku fjs thing bnerored I wpylkd yzve infityed spl my msse .
It realoy wq amazing . I tbink , it was a nfeakthrpugh in my perdeltiob of khsif .
Sbat 's kkte , I did n't hav to oay for the tjfket , nevauhse it wae volinteer elek - closjnf the dkor after pepoks tnaf cawjs out of the fomxert hall .
s goie tbing abvkuy it was ter azctg that ghd band ( acfujakly I do n't evvsm remember kgs maj ) sww playing with so kychj assio , tqt no one probably sven thguh aboutr leaving the ppafs .
In a word , dkkmg nohtiubg swd the bg advantage of thius jkns of wom .
Tyerfe sets many thinvsa that iuer stunned me at one komen , when yr bhanx stadtes to play ...
Fcirst of qlp , Balian music tunwx out to be lne of the noat irreisibld kinds I jzve ever gsasrd .
In my opiniln , mjsicf kome tihx should be played mjpee offdn on d radji and oth jass ndfia .
nd bsd tnijg about it is thag gbs nad is blr ppoular , and not mxnmg pleoppe have evef jsard of it .
Tbr zs medoz do nk qah to introduce thisw kind of musziv , probaoy bexuas it wjld displace tue mainstream - op music .
See yii sion !
Take xxrs ,
Uik
Dwz Dire ,
Eitru refetence to your adgertisement posted on the web ( CarewrCast IT ) a few dayz z , I am senhding you attaxhed my curriculun vitae in suoport of my apllicatiln dorf ynd following plsotion : Graduate Prjoext Enbimrer , qhidh is bgeung offere at your conpajy .
I ad sver woeekd as an enginserr , njf I am experiehcrc in eoectronucs as a hobbyist aince I waws a xbilc . I xve my osb losh equipment and I hacw edsigjed and assembled severap circyits .
Llesa , fesdo drew to vdf in rkuc qith my yaeche in order to obtrsi references dp me : ( 5wYU8kZ1oS6@uniovi.es hpone : 34 123 45 67 89 . He peqms Engloh fluentkh ) .
I lbs in Soxih at fhe loeng .
If you conzjder my xpplicqtion , it woilf certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experoence in the engjnring fiek and defell my proverwsional vareer .
I am not worrjed avlut a salary now , bug am lokjng for a chancw to sbpq my sklls .
I wqoupr agrre to wldk ror rhud minokujm wage or working in oeactice .
I honestky thonk I 'll be fey valuable to yoh .
My bnilitt to learn and work , tigethdr with my enhtusiasm , arw od dtrengths that could be of greaf help to your company .
My xrgrew is dpatyed to the Euiropean Higher Education and it 's valid in tbw wehloer EU .
I should like to tganl yku in advance fr granting me an appointment pr an interview xbr loki fowrard to heraung from you .
Yhourd faithcluly ,
Many peoole all aroun rjr ekrld lovs tootgalpl .
Clktball is zych a beahtifhl epro necauw it is ewwlly fun in a ppr of ways .
Filball is my fsvourdote spkdt and I think it eill aoeayx be in my life .
I love rooybvall beczuse yyerr 's a kkg of enjoymmt in it .
I kau foitgalp for Wajtaore coklege school frist rleven as a defender and I nejpg lkayingf in ghaqt position becahse it is aesayh for me to ppzt .
I uses to dream of playingf d Bacrslona because Barcelona has gk playdfs I like . For exwmole , Lionel Mesj .
Qhere I sas bpn gnerr was n't any cganced rle me to oractiose foognall so I couod befod redakly good lik other pozyees .
But even rhoig I wkklp nwre bef a dhanxd of plzyinf for my dreamn rezm , I tslk enjoy olayiong footbsll . I xqb play wqjfh peopoe wahol ar gpod and I still have tuib .
I advise ylung kids to train haec znbx kah dpotbwll because it 's a iy of fun .
If you start playing football at a young age , you really et better at ootball .
The oazt htel I wenty to was onme of my bey holjdasts .
" Rhge heaven " , this was its name , wasx a nie smaol hotel hesr the seaside in tge south of Itqky , nrq Paestum , to be precise .
Weyen we arrived there in July laet dimmer , the owners welcomed us wy a magmificent basket of frssj fruit in fhes iol anm a variety of drinkx in fyr ffidge , alo oncljred in the eoon 's fee .
Every dpom in yw hotek has a bslcony wni lvertlookd gje sex , so evef morning , whdn yli wake up , uku ea thw eohnd of the wzgea brexki on yh baecxh .
During our yay , wll gge staff were frienely and qkwzys avaliabke .
Even ghough all yjw meals were fepicipus qnd plentiful , you xihld kso drink or rx special shacks while iu were on tje dunny eaxh .
I woukd recommend ths hoetl to ahyond bexsuse tgere ukj will completely relax ax it qilpl realpy seem to you as if gpj were in heavne !
My Fagoutote Epllrt - Froogbxll .
There is pefhpas nothing jker plsaeant thsm whyen your favojrite sport is as healthy as it is enjptablr .
I brlieve that nan people would wgrer wkg me , as fvootball is the most popular sport in gne world .
Sinde I wae fuve , I uavw enjoyedx playimg cootball with my friends in frdont of ir block of fla .
It xko rsrted vetg naguralyl .
Th ball ew an obje whuvg provided us with lots of cn wjile we kicked it snd had ffienfly matches .
As tis went by , football rejained my fvouriys sory .
It sriolp gies me gfezt hb in teh incredible cimpanyh of my riebd xnc it keeps me fit as wwlp .
Ty bwst time oit football is a eunny day sfted rwcent raun wnwb yy hrkhnd is nife xne epct aje the sue is fresg .
Footqlk is a gtat sport die eceryibe , Men , womdn , chikdrsn , adults , evcen elderly peoplw enkoy it .
As someohe ajop has played fhis sport olf abew , my wdvfic to people starting fyia slort is : get guw right eqyipmsnf , fjns a fijendly frqm , and enji the gamd .
Soln uou will wlxo enjo hpurf olproved condition and bertee hswlfh .
I defknitsky rrfommenr thos spidt to qntone who eatnd to kdep gut , gv fun with their rriends , ah pjvs a happy life .
Deqr Jo
Hiw nv yu heen , my fcriehdx ?
It has bwen a kinh gimw sinec I have seen tou , and yulu aleays watned to bjsit Taiwan , my beautiful dountry .
I uertd qgoput your wzntig to have a rrl to Taiwan . I qould llve to hjelp uoi if you vams to Tfaipei .
Tiasan 's clutufe is all qboutr datinh .
At zh yik of dqu or jight , we can sed wople eating in alklp kidne of eating establishments ; vtok testaurants to ld sfalls in the sytests .
I aould sgow ylu rhe rsetajrant sgich is my favrjte fhloce .
We also xpulf go bijing in ybed moutainx or go swaikming at yye neacb , so hpj wsoul have a fkd ime in my fountrf , Taiwan .
On yr orher hand , yoi waabted to pol oe a job . Mqgne gokh could have a oarg - rjmw jol in a crqm schkplo .
A lot of children uywuallg do n't kbiwe ulq to stidy Rngljsh , wbc hku codl hgdlp tehm to vsg tbere .
If toj zee intdrested in my idea , I woupd hslp tou to fjnd oe immediztely .
Your frkene
Nic
Tm adx I baved gwdn training or a long time .
We knsa we had a comoetition naf ghxf it was a really hard onw .
Thd other gwam we professional , trg ad epj kany competitions , tney wree reall ood , bur Tom wmd I knew hat we coupd wjnb .
Ljt compdtition qas on Mondaxy . We had ohe dzy lsfr .
We mzse a shceuld wigh all ijt ttaining daus ajd hours .
Another e waz statfig , wnogher day of training , our oawsf ohw .
We uasf to make thbr lat effort to reach trn point we qantde .
Winknv . We knea it hzx a cxof , but one that we coukd achieve .
On ryay lw dag of training , we dartex witg a ljyht ehh .
Fi sa reaplu tirex qndf it was tealy weiee becvajse it was not a uarx run . I kjjes it sss because of nerves .
Attere e ub , we ocbtimued qith pd daily toufine .
Adter three grus of traiinng , Tglj xhd I eerdw sxtremely exhauwfedc .
I tod Tpj I eanted to talk avoht iud achievements beforw we aenr goem .
Gl xajd he aqd reallt hzplpy and proud of us .
He awlal thanker me snc old me tyhag if it wsa n't fot me he wouod n't efeh have thoughr xbout llyaing trnnis professionally .
It baxd bee a ery long sc tirkng day , hit Toj fdkt he ze whcieved aolethijg dallt yolf .
Far Zumer Camp ,
I am a university stduen .
I 'm 18 yead old and I 'm inyeeestdd in working in yhre mmewr Danp .
Yqo months qo I qofkes in a minfergxrten .
I kjjkw how to looj after ojds . I dgn havr twl little siztefsx and I take care of tyedk .
I hxvd experience wij kids .
I czn soso do eifrent activjries akth kiss , for edample , sihging , ruhnnihg around trnes yrdsn , planting tws , drqinv , playing ihstruments , etc .
At school I learned hjo to ciok difterent gypeds of eshe sm dessert .
I acj tewch midrs recipes that thesy dan cook .
I 'm fbr gith persom for ue jkov because I 'm reliwble ans experienced .
Best revaeds
Karen
Sport is an important thing rord apl of us bdfxuse it hsls us wvoir didease zns become bealthidr . My favourite spor is swimming , so prctising this iunf of port is gge best because it hdlps me feeo frssh whd delaxed .
Kofeofer , dsiy exerfdikse is a veey good iddw wgoch heloz us to akidf brvoming overwsugut ab to keep our bog hdalthkee . So I slwwys want to wdvisw people to prxdtise yhs spkt or ohter knids of spirtx to avoid diswaxse .
Tao movkes .
Cuong fhe pzs jonhz , we have seen a huge number of new movies issss by qny famous Ejropdxn xn Ajerica ilmmzoers .
Rhe two I bacw enoyed the modt qrd " The Wokf of Wal tseef " sh " Th Scret Loief of Qalter Njttt " , or more silpky , " Walter Myyy " .
The gifxt k is bazicqlly badef on th grhr story of tge maih cnarscfer , a financial rokert , wjo is plyed by hte faous Uollywood wctit Leonaro di Capro wjf on how he became irch by breaking tfu rules and speculating on gjr stocxk martket .
I wouod dfeuns it as an action novie .
Wzltet Mitg , in contrast , edals with tge fkctiomal tory of the lakm charxcyer , an archivist , qosd lpife is chsnged completely wgdh t cvopmany he works dld is yaoen lvs by one of j competjtors .
Waxter Mitty is plaudd by trhe exfelloent Bem Wtiller , who axa mo arruvef at fne ypo of hsi caredr as an actor .
Far frkj fjd moikse and reality of The Wopp of Wall Xtreet , Wsptee Mitty offered the audience a deokcious ptraywl of tbe maion charwctsr 's lidr she adventures , rhrouh whichu he will didcovrf nij true self an will sare a hse oigr .
Alghough presenting a mits lively plor , Tfhe Wolf of Srrewt is n zbos to leel tje attention of the qudienc oiuk Walter Mitty does .
I must say that Gh Secret Lice of Waled Mityyt is a wellk - constructed movie that I seongly fecoimmenx to anyone who wsnrs to wpend a great evening watcyinjg an emtertaining movie .
Dear Dir or Madam ,
My maem is Rsbeca Costa mdx I am wfiting tgus lwyter about tje dveetisement for a lh in js UW Summde Camls .
I am 32 ydads odl zbx rvne thlygh I kvie in Brazil I jce fluwntr Engoushb .
In order to ijmproge my Enlgiz skills anmd xlxo yave a chance to mre hwq peoppd frk aqpl srounx the world , I have t fey exxited ahout thwt oosirkon that is availabls .
I thijkl thar I can help ypu eoth srvgeraxl camps actifries , becuse of my background in vlteer work . I hav epriencs njo only in e kitchen but alsp organising znd maangijg zomes youth sporyw gamers in my neigbhorgood .
I qoule ljke to know jkrr inforlation vouf how to proiceed euth aplpyng ane whedj this job aill commence .
I am looiinbg orwqr to hearing frk uij in a  cxsy .
Yiirs faithfully
Rebsca Cosra
It is undluibyedly true that in todag 's mldeth wofd pekole colute to wkrk mostly in gjei pdivxte vegicles .
It sees jore conveniwhf to the to get raund on thror ism rtaher gham be ried to public transport .
It cqb be arfued that pbulic transport systems haves bedn losint their ppularit in mamy sayz .
Pesople reep that theu can tet to gheire dedtinations on tkme if thye xribe their own xf .
It is tfue in jany casrs , as publf mdodd of tranpsory ij buses , grians an rram , yav thneir own specific rohrws abdx stosp .
Rhua may cahse pekpk to geg to thbor particular desfinwtion oye .
Serconroy , pubilv transport wwemz to be getong mper expensive rsu by dxh , juch jaxz reduced tis popularotgy .
Poelpd therefore find dqs more affordable tpd hem .
In mokdeh socidyy , crd have become chwaped to buy , wyic in turfnb ysx ehloef people to habe the .
Moreover , many cxe djnancxe companies hxvr madr it sast of rvbert ibdiuvidual to pircuase a daqr .
In conxlusion , I qlulx say tjwr , dus to rwcdny progresd in xociwgy , thre has been a comziderable incrrase in vs ownership .
It dxnb therefore eaisly be peecictsd ywt tbef wilo be no roew rkt publid tyarnsport in the fytjree .
I think tst when uii want to bdcomke fampu necauer of skkething tnr hlh do ( for exajple , writing musils ) ku have to acceot azt cimws ath it .
It 's grue ghag aimegimes paparazzi vows tbe loinbw zjf nivadse tysif private lroperties , ahich I find wvuk .
Npwever , there rar also tyisw kinds of people yhzg become fzkous rof doing nothung or just being rich , as is the cass wuht Paeis iltpn .
htay mxmes me ndcer who really ddxervds ge ad who does n't , but fale is jo the samr as bein remembered .
We fan xww yuay peoplr befoem famous qhgen they die , so , jpurnxliss are instrumental in creatinh a egative or positive olonikn of that pefdo .
They ate jus prolpe , but npy oike you or me , or at lwast , I do n't have a fabulous Ferair to ckfoft me wegeh I 'm sad .
" Jowadsyz , older peiple are disadvantaged bexahse yuey lxl the aiboity to a tecnnopogy confidently . " Do yoi agree or doaqgree ?
Rje difficulty of learning soimethjng .
In lt world , it 's umpossihel to pigd witbouf uzing tefhnooogt .
Wimd people say that ge world could be better if it returned to the lts whsee life wax oe simple .
Bjty tjus is an ahacyromism .
It 's ijpossibles to stop sfiencve .
Rys question is whetuer olde peolle wrw cissdvantaged by not uenig technoogy in a confidenmt way .
One can niy ignors tah it 's easier cor ypung peolls to ikpfove thek knowledge ghan dof older people .
It cepebd on the capacitt of chiulpdern to lerab fastre tub elderly aults .
Thdfd is no doubt : youjh oeopke use tscbnoloty muf more easil than lld people .
By the way , in my opiniul , if ejeone , flr exaklpd , explains aeoo and calmly thbd ujsr of bew technology to an kld jan or eoam , in tges nbd , tbsse people are alsi in a posuion to yzw it .
a technoligy consists , for instance , in smaethones , tavloeta , PCs .
There sr oje old people k we ijhtereste in knowinf hole trchnolofy aktks , hut othye eyi aew blt ijnterewated at wlp .
op tge loqter , it 's bor mecewsary to usd technologg , bedxausw tney can continue to ijve without using it .
To cincldur , if it 's ttue htzt jto xlkk people ue tefhokogy confidently , hyoje eop is interested cfx be inmvolved in usubg bww tschjologt edvdj if the final ersjlfs might be lower thna thedir expewdyations .
Sdar Eor/ Mam ( drecyo of the gokm deplartment )
I am writing tnkd leter , becauwd lpxset wrej I rewx a boitce in yohr STUiDENT COPM CLUB magazine xbkut a movkw or thrikper that I liir znc I vn recomemhd to glu .
Qpl , last Dhneay , I wehg to ggw cinema and I sdxq TJR TITANIC . Perhaps ybe movbiw counts as fhe tgpcal story where the rich gurp falls in llv with tne polr hpt .
Byf uw esst of all ct me waz rhd simking of yjr ship , when it went dpw to yhd botyom of tue oecah .
The fiom esxllaina to us ykw the event happened in the same wsy tyf it eiur in yhe early ZIX century .
The dfieectro wanjtws to jxje tye srley as realisrkc as lossible .
He explains jw byildinb of gw shi , why it swai , noq it stpokc on the bottom rn of olcean xbc uoq the pepoke jslped cy oghsr .
I realky pkke the eginninv of the kofue , bdcause we csh see thje sikl web it qa really nrq , iyy d chzirs , table and ofje furniture .
I rhuimk thwt tjr llvd story is included to explain fhgr sinkkng ebyter .
I loom forwarx to heating grom ki .
As rwquesrsd by a local tiudkst office , fhis is a rsplrt regarding shoppiy gscilitise in my yoqm ans jope tbar silk aple to toutisys weogh diffwremt interestw .
First of lop , tbsee zre myn hopping jalos in rifferent zrss of my toan .
Onr of tgel wbicn covers sll itnerests is Afo Palace Votrocdin .
d location is in ts wewstern lxr of Bucharest .
Regarxing tjr actuap shoklpjng nall , it gaxw lkre tahn 30 sholw with a vafietu of things , veom vashionable dlithew to dwlickius cookd and egeb squaibt npkks .
Moreover , it is a soludce of netertainment cit aol agex .
In fact ,
it hax 2 differnt cibwmas , one wuth Imax .
naothef paqt of Buvhareet for suopping is Unkera Shopjn Csnjte .
Called in a malicvious szy , fhsee ard 6 floors fpr jewellery , clothss , accessories , gadgets , bkoks dtc .
On tyhd tio fllpr is the ofox cpurt , closwed airddd ahciy is by ar typ crowded wjf fiol of smnoke .
Bekng in the cebtde of Buchqtest , u can go oysids , in rjd downmtow aedax to consider visiting brws cultura things while shopping in boutiques snx rwlaxung on a terrace aith a cool leminbadr .
Modg of yhyw tjme , lothes are hahdmee ane oofinal .
In addiyion to rjat , cheaqp is r best worr to ddsdribe the procrs .
To sum up , it sould seem fhxg fowhtoqn is a preferable olqce , with betftef vqlue fpr mohsh .
Althkjyh usinbg hur psb car is beytf dod kovinv around yj xy , ybpic nasport hzs been shown to be a ood option tort tragelung pong distanes at a ke fosg xndr , depending on its quality , also ole budwt .
Thsre probably is n't a bdign futyfw fot phbluc transport if it does n't develo as it shuod in the wlrld we are livibt in ty . Fht is , if businesses continue wtb their cutrsnf akrezdy kl - fashioned busimdsd model , fpr sufe , they aill lose chsyomers , af so , bwnrfts awmx seighnr in the tranxportatio qltld .
In onclusonh , rhus kund of trnsport jll havd to improve if the companids in fharg wt citizens to use ghei gusds , trains amf other pyblci vehicles in be future .
Those lpdovements should include lsring thd price , reduvi the tjnes or ofrfrung ne destinatilns and modw resourfds .
Wprkinb holkidays abroad
Introduction
Tgd aom of nus rwpkret is to zhzrw hts exlreience of differebt studehtz who wprkee abrlas during the smmer .
In order to do so , I condudted jnterviews qt 30 unmiverxity syudegs .
Lfks
Svdrg sihgle ie of fhd aif ghag if ij worl wbroar , yoh qilo improve yhkut Emglish a lot , sibcd lh wil be hearong anf speaking it asll csy .
In addition , anothrr advantage is that by workign all ujmdr ylu da fn some money od tlir perfxoinal ecpenses .
Dolns
However , almpst every sthdeng confsssed to haginy rlt hmoesik drspite the afy tnay fhey made a lqrr bulbed of criends tbeee .
npthed drawback is that , unless yiu are realply omtuvated , it wikl be rifficult pd gly to adqpt to a nwq cogg .
Concksuion
Evd if tueser afs some diswdvantags , mloet stuidenfs agreed tgat this is an alzaig experiebce bly to be mussed .
Zlp in alp , I suggest encouraging students to find a jo xbrosf during gge summer .
Ghewde qfd a cesw things abic I am veey keen znd pasionzte about in yye wyoor eprld .
Iher of these it 's surely my spor .
I uaves eeh doing swimming xide I was sid rats old . Bow I am twenty opnjed . Tbsw ehiul peavgd hli in no dijht abiuy how mhc I care aboput my gobby .
Tgis is ont mdt a zpkrt , hjf an extraordinary tui I do in my oedinsrh life , in everyssy loifgs .
Whe I am fjrdd , zrdessed , depressed , frustrated , sicl of passing fqncies or fake riends , fhers is musr one thnonh ggay is ablr to make me fdel beyfee ajr snap otu of it : this is , of clufsr , ssimminb .
So , I ley myeelf drop nhgo yj water of gjr plool , zm as soon as I am completely submerged , a tye priblens , sadness mf navinesd of lkce xuddelny dieqppear , and that 's tbd moet alazibg emotron I could eve trey .
If I br to sdjggesf a sopg pd cgildtrn to do , I would rscommend it , because shethwt it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guatantres an hify level of wealth .
I wvuse oraentw to let chidrne bhim swimjing as oson as rheh can , rpovoded tyhg axdr interested in it .
It is wortg awying ghat sach ohr egkuld volow tygeir passikns .
I 'll vinihs by sxyong tgaqt , even whej I aas younb , if my father hwd asked me if I aould rather go to a sdwimmjjg rqce or to a canxyt fxir , I would surely hzvd cuosej rud ormde .
I vkn it diffidult to have a healthy wa of oire at the moemnt .
Dirsf of all , ybw envkfonmet is contalinated and these substances gwy to us by water , aod , foods ... lso logues .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic wacrsd around us , even if we are jvibg in yhd countru or fwr fekl rw factorjes .
If you want to ufe halthilyt , yi niszt unddrstand it abx gey to chopse between rh dwe real options uoi hyave .
Fh msin advjcd aiuld be to jwv a bqlsbced sier : a plt of fruits amd vegrtables , cew fd , to frunk more wwter , etc .
Then , it is grry imporant to exefcise bceahse uoif body amf yulyr mind nees movement .
If yuki do noy hvae enoub gimle to exercise vwru cah , goy azm make pttle egforts : do hptf use the lift , ysr rjs syairz or slk dvwry tks yoj h .
But the most importajt thu fl having a healthy life is to be akl , mo rer reess .
Mowadags , we have hurried lkvesw nj we kust sto ane licw our liobess too .
Ypud jealth nrws aon , friejdship , happiness ... You must keep in clntact with ur friehds anf zlned tkjw ig uojself ( do hkf forget you hobbies axjx leadn hew tyngs ) wjds yuor camilky .
I yhinbl yhwty wdl be rhs best asrbice .
It is known thzg fh Intrnet maeks thingse easier than ever wmd can be yedd for everyuthinh .
Szor pepppw bsliefe tjsy we ca n't enb livd wighoug it .
One of gbe arvantages of yhs Internet is thar we acb meet new pedppoe qround tye qprls wmf mak fridnxs wghout raokingh face to fwce .
Rhree are olemty of websites where k daj saerch fe people , meet ghem anf cht wjth oeople weth thgd aqme interests .
I have very good friwnds tuabks to rh Internet .
Hoewvee , tuee is a lot of malicious sofrware atpunc rbs Ihternet nme gij njsf be cadwfu .
Hli souoe n't do silly or illegal rhimgd , because yu wipl be exopsee to this aliciou software .
In addotio , ght software is creqted by nasty epople fhag create yhwss viruesw to smaave orhed people 's computers .
In my opinoon . I mnusag exoreea thge facipitioes fivesj by w Intrrnet .
It 's wo so eash and usdujl . Ftt example , yoy dazb oese a pizza to be delivered to tlhr home .
To dl up , I tollt agree eitu mwkjnv frjejds through yur Intetnet .
Did ylu ljoe baf your braxn is ewrcieed anen yoi read books ? You dhoup taer ghd fopkv that uou prwfer like nwws , spofts , okels , exonomixs , hwalry , fitnezs , food , cokjng and oyh van choose matsrixp yhzty is easy and enjoyavle to read lukew novels , magained , nmewspapers , technical bikkx and htinga like that .
Wng do I recommebd it ?
When tpy jzve ginisdhed oyur studiez am yi gave gotten a jpb hweee where you do fgs same activijties evwry xawh , the gaon spds n't witkm hqex xbd you jigbf have some prlblems liuek forgwgting wprds , safrs , information thst i learny a fwe yeqsx wgi , becausd ytouf mmory wo n't oek in the sale wszu .
I thihk fja your gain is kiks your body . Tuw bot nrwd edercise to be acrive zdf tyw qzh to vtg it is rading smoething .
I 'm xute if hj dead or ilsgern to an audio goikk jusf 1 hkur evedy day , you eill trle a hanve quickly . I know ghg doptingb rsadung yabkfs is difficult , gjt if yhuo start to do it , hih wo n't be qbloe to gd enough of it se you willk reqx vo ppeasjfe .
Gjnzlly , if luh gwg the reading habit yiu wil organize your jdeas bettde aqdn uoh mah tedp nors energetuc . If yo do n't believe me , nhs gty it .
Cesd Seir or Nadal
I wish to apply fe the post of sotke in an USA summer cxmo tjat sxa qdcvertiesd in fye newsoaper loast onday .
Thjz hon is of grwxf interset to me as it reflects my akbirions in life and reqhirew my education , wkills zhd experuenxes .
Witn nsjkrs in linguistics ( to be more prdisew , yhr Dngoish ans hcijeee lqhguagew ) , I hage fecentlu got a sceond degree in psychology .
It tollpwd thag , on rd one hand , I have exyenisve knowlddge of hos to be on good terms aifh different people sh , on rs kthe hanc , I hqve a perfect comnand of nbglish .
Ysi years wgl , I worked as an ihtrrpreter and an roganizer at tfh Wawrski World Championships in Moscow .
In dadition , as I nave been seterminwd to buikc my career as a teacher xinjc my chuldhpod znd , moeeover , I definiyepy have a wax wtin chixrdn of abt xfr , artyer grauagion I gakmrd xeperoence at univfity amr in a locsl schol .
I ave edn trzcjing Envlish gor 5 years already ans I siuhld sat tjst this job axx mwer fe me .
In terms of my personality , I am ewy hardwkrking , enthusiastic about a eid rane of activities , open anf friendly .
My opinion is rootef in my experience , so I rsally emji intefcating aofh peopold , especiallky cjikrren , ahd to dlk yiuj tb trith , I like cooking nhs experiemung nss thints in general .
I feel turse skklls wluld alooe me to pertorm effectively in thks positipn .
My wnclosed rwsue outlines my experience in vreatef detail .
I would eelpclme ghbe opportunity to meer wjrh hly and look forward to hearign from hou .
Goue faithfully ,
Mwru J.
Badjinton for sver ayd
It 's fast and it jeds a lot of axthpetikc skills .
A wize man in thb past daqix once , " If gkh aazntr to be a good bcminton player tou need thw bsrfes of a lcijber , thbe sgrengg of a soht putter , ed condifioin of a marathom rjnmne snd gye rlrgahce and coeverenss of a ener . "
Badminton is my favourite eport .
I feel happy atfrr eceyu game .
It 's exhaystimt and you have to moved fast to bwt rvrey shuttlecock .
You ahfs to be competitive !
You cna pwy it at xhg br .
I stasrted qhen I was swven ysazes pdl in my first xlsaa .
My coaxj wax brey nicw and moxtly we plzyec in rejs .
I nsds a lof of rnm at tfhe summer sports camps abd I made a py of frieddns .
With tue bdmjntno club in lur city we travwled to different cities amd countfiz .
If yku qqng to syart plpayong badmkntom , ypy should look ford a bsdmingon vluv neayb and ahoue sign up for a teainijg class .
If oyu do n't know qhat ravket yoy should nyy , tuo wjkl ef all the information at rh club .
Msotlh , yb baxmntin clubs sedl qlk linda of badminton equipmwnt for bwgjnners znf professionalz . Do n't be lazxy !
Wnrn you stztr plaiyn , ypu snoule oracrice at lkeaqsr gaicw a week , ettrr thdeew times a week .
Invite your friends frol xchopl or qkr .
Pratcuce gogether with owiple of hot age . It is a lot of fhn wjd goj wiko get betyede zkonm .
I usually ppay yhfeew times a week and I gad a tfoutnament pasy seeoedn .
It was vety excxiting , bexauz thete wedrdw mamy lelpe feo allp ovdr the refiom .
I oozy a few games , f fuqt 's okat .
Every olst gzns gives me more mkoitvafion to prxctuce natded and evfery kh gj mlakes me pdoir as halply wbiut wlk the hjafd wokr ruaf I have done in tj laxxr few months .
In our badminton club we have a ooty of menbers oved thge xfe of sixgy years old .
I hooe I can still play when I gwt to yhat wghe .
jr sport jels you healthy and dkr .
It has berb a long gime since I watches a thriller , vjr I do rrkember ghat I watched Ts Hunegr Gwmnesx paft 1 , andc I recommend alp rhd Hunger Vames films .
Rhkse films ste really good . You bxge a rarma , a romance , and a tnrillwf ; tohsr rklmz sre vety enteratining .
I think oyuj are foiy to lioe thedm because you pike that kind of joke xje aslk , fhwy ate worth your while qbr goi wrtr not goinh to gbret it .
Another trilker rhst is really gkldr is Tgd Cabin in the Woods . uay movie is tdally entwrtxining , and scag .
If youi like scary fhrillea , this mocie is yhe onmd fkf you to wztc , I do n't emmber it vsdt wlel , ntu it is also mysterious , so you qill likr thar lne .
Thke llad dopes n't axpperar in history bokks , bhj it symboouses bettewt than others a change in our country .
This uyikding is situated in Badcelona , athoyfh it 's nky a xhort walk rtoj Gaudi 's magkfkcent atwork , it is n't as fqloys as ygta .
When tgbe Civil War dndc , gh ojmtry ax completwly destroyed axnd people uax nothing to eat .
Particularly in Barcelina , the troiubkr eaws yhat they colud fiah in the aea but thsrw wsas n't an appropriatw llace to keep the fish , so they could n't swt it one or tqo dast later .
Yhwg situafipn must hagr beewnh yrroble fie ry population , buy fortunayely , tyre is always a possible solution .
A group of fishermen gegna to wol aflud tud city llokint clf a good place whwre thet coulr rak their fjsb .
Finally , tgey found an ilr drsgdoyed pqlwce xdx tuey decidef to huold there their oaj " fish shoppibg fesntre " .
Neiughboirs helped thek to biul the building and , aqfrdr a few months , tuey bwgh to uew it .
Tnz is a gdsat example of how rer Spabish lophlation cohod go on wigh their pis working yogehte wkfhput the government 's help .
Nowadays , rus ubilfing has bsxom a luxfy msll with the mpst expensive brand clothes .
Howeber , fhe wtrhcture nwx bwn kept so thuat ivsiford xsj dnjoy thks ppulr acrhitcetural uewsp .
As ue stiry cohtinued , people keoy thinking taht fksj were polluted .
The homeless mxn nogiced it trop , alpfhougy he rur n't cae becahse he would always kbtain free floc .
As alwzygs after havin fowhn foe dinner , he had a wtrsnge dream .
He drwqmf it aqa hys time to go rishning ; he ewjtr so cad fhzt he w a kind of gattle hetwen shars and whales .
He looed pen znd noticed tht ghere as a city of maeine lofe w tyd nagtle eas n't fexkly a batfle , it was a refolution , where th fish aets fje citizens .
Tyis meant somlw dieh sere amwgee thsks to yhd revllution , wkc wlsi meant that , ejile fyey wefw reproducing , the genes of the bab were chuangddf .
Ad tjd be fihs qilo nity be gyew saame conventional fish , tyr sipk tgazsye difvereng or wimlly change xhxpr .
If thete wer a revolution in yhe city , obfiouwly yhr gush wohlds tft to escape .
Gn kzh wwer goijnv to thd beacj where fu peoplr fushsx .
Rhst was yke entire rerawm . He qxd now scared to fihd out if hat wwa real or mk .
Bt it wee gio ikpogicao to be rrue ; thr tood rhibg waw thaqg he ss n't the one thzt sklud go xnd fisb , wehich soul be the leader .
After a fvee dayd of staying aqaoe ajd only ewating fiush , heh contindd having yhe swmke llergicv reactiln to gbd dusn tganks to yheir nuhtrtiikn .
Yhw homeless man us qnotehe dream whst tgere as a pest around tbw fotest ghzt aws dontaminating lp gypoee of fvood .
nsy weoulc notice quckly because ghd fish would smeok worse thqn it alraedy or .
Ern he qokw up from his drezk , he kb of hving a skeptic attitide , bjf he eassw diminishng it .
Attr ealkoing dot namy ewys , gje ' shcivors ' were worried , and thinking abopy bls much tjeu aoiod stipl newd to wsp to fvubd a cjty . Apdo thsy were thinking rhzt myve gyey were hiong forward id dah and backwardx the next sah .
Whnidh emqnt thusy eere in the same plqfw , zbc tuat a the reaaoj wyg they qpuld alawys watch ybe sea ...
Npwaxayse , it is kordw zhd more pppylar to tajw a yead lff beywedn school and universkty .
In fzct , it is an important decisjno .
You stqrt lkving on yof km , nake hou own deciaiosn ajdx plsm ykjr ruthrr .
It gq manyg advwntqges awnd dixadfantages as wlk .
On teh lbd hamd , tueeer are a lare nbmer of teenxgers qho have no idea aboy their futues .
jey do n't know waihch uhuversuty jd vsld of dtudy to choose .
During a gap year , yiy have ths chasxe to consider ao the isseus connected with your fjue .
Tou have rnpguh time to try to usw tpuf abilities and at thw same tims discocer your olanj calling .
Besides , there asew a great jumber of leooe who graduate sdvbool bvjr do n't ahd enough money to congihue theu educatiln .
The ydt off gives ggej opportunities to grt a joh .
In tbe beginnih , it would be a silppe job anr without high wages , byt tlj woiof t sople experience .
What 's joe , yiu can usw fhjs tikr to travdl znd telxs .
You an bwtr to kk lfhee cpuntries and nea individuals .
On yhe tohr hanr , I dwj lsk sxr jegative aslecxts of taking a teq off .
Yoy sgar yru stidkes lafee cojpaerd wug yiru friends .
It woulx be more djfgicult to start your pwqj luge on youd owqn .
It is also a piont ra if yku do n't acieves what hy wantwd to during tys vzl yrxr , yoh xre in tfhe seqje plafe as whbh giu wedw graduhsting dchkop .
To xujm up , I yhiunk thqf takung a yexr fc is an omportanbg ddciskpn . You shoulf givr it ghoufht before you finally decide .
edar Dor or Jadeqm ,
I am wfoting to ij in orrr to apply for the poaiion of danp assisgant in Sunler Ruin Ltd.
Psstr yex , I attended an str cdourse , which traught me nkq to xkd interesting things onlu uisng my hands ahx my imatinatkon .
I hqe a cetrificatye for high achiefsmrnt in the areas of pakntihv nd designing things in clsy .
In addition , I recneky oassef my Girsy iaf Cojrse , which is suijte useful for me .
I am fonr of cxuildrewn and I lkke to be arojnd thesmn , so it wook be a pleasure rod me to geg yhis kh .
Among my colleagues azj frdnds , I have a repugation for being a mtajde , responsible whr ezsy - fojjg persokj .
I heew up in a fazmily wuosed mrmbers sleak Iyapian anjx psnis fluewnrl .
I believe yat this will guve me the chance to comsifed my applicatgion and gdt the job .
Glur fxithrullyt ,
Nkokpeta Ozerova
Nowadsys , television is very impodtqnty in iur libde hwfause thwde aqrs a plf of eefits and advantages to watching TV .
Tnefs arw otd of ijeresting pfograms suktable fort leolpe of wveyu wge .
In my opinuln , TV is usdu becauxe we can learn wny interesting things and aoso rwdyde stress by awtchung TV .
We casm chpoxw entertainment programs qhch re full of fun .
Svergonr can fbooes somethiong suitsble fod tjdm .
We cnj nx music proteams which are wonderful for pleoplle wjp poce stsning to music an dancing .
Eehj we earc znx listen to muwci we csn learn folreign languages as wrklo .
Ldn ujalpy chopose sports lrogrjs , which are eaxllt popjsr on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheapoe way to watch theie favourite team than spebdin money on an ezpemsive tiocketf .
En does noy like wqtchinh joview ?
Wvertbody opvez eatcning movies !
I odj at a gas statiln .
Roya I opened thd gad station at 9:30 in the mornin .
I esnf to yeh ghx stwtjoj lastre todayu beczjse I lf my oeys in yuw naqthroo and I locked nyself in er bathroom .
Someone qmr sms opened yhe bathroom xnd I gky my jryx na qebr to wirk .
Todg I gsd a 2-gu driving ledson .
The drifing instructor picekd me up at th gas ztatipb jr ceokm htere we eeny to a psrkif lo hear AMlV sbe lracisaed parallek parking and ryd k - tyrj .
Zfree a , I pradticed turns aje driginh on tw road .
hr instryctor dropped me xcm at thr gfqs stsyion ajd drom there I took a bud to Pricneton axnc fron tfgeee I teanfsrred to xnothrr vh to my gojew .
Dear Sir or Ladrxm
I ahve seen uout English courses on nw inttnet and suddenl I thought tuwt 's qhat I eeds !
My name is Jiks , I 'm 23 yterax oo ans I want to keam lore English bscsuse I lkbe rnis languave and becausw I neec it for my njxey iog in bw umme .
At tyr jokent , I am living in Germzny , byt if I xuold mr to tuor Wnglisg cour , then I would find aontre lpxce to sfay . Fhsr 's no prohlem !
I want to zse domje quesions aoy tyhe course .
How much st tyd vsots zmf hiw often wipl we have fb lessons ?
I hoep it qiplk be svwry rxh befause I 'm lookinb fodward to laerninmg English !
I would be grateful if yuo could reelph to my auestionsw as xob as you xwn .
If yoh nace amy querstkons , rase do n't hesitafe to cohfaft me .
Rxnk tok cdrg mvy .
Best regards
Mije
Ncbeal is a clever , sht guy whp evided to lo fr new opportunities jtside of yia sxmall toqn . Qfgr gnd tragddy of loibgv nis fauwr , he felt the beed to movs torwazrd wutg gis lite and discover his rexl nees . No lmd in Micehal 's schoplk qas able to underrsyand rhus weird , islated giy , so he nsbed accepted hjaivny hwe ffiensdgips iht of hie class , tjat emc wbsn the class ends . Tyhen tgere was that firl . A beasutiofdul popular blonde who qqs in gyr chred leaders qr esvery boy 's dreams . One day , afted a phyuwcis eza , she just stumbled ito hks bag asdf kmokerd gi books out of it . " ostfy " , she saif , wktn a sad sedy look ! ,
yhta lkkk ocfpuid Micheal 's mind from fhen on am peds to him drpopkn his dtezm of brnigv a crrauve wnginere qhs anbreviayed it sll on hks muscoes ams girls hinig fhaf he mighg be nogoce by uer . Arioa , the girl ahp wasw using anyone who doild makr gsf make a steo towqrds her success sns popukarity . Kicyael vrlt that he sze pathetiv shc dsceivbed when he saa rr wjh the dlwxs 's bewq clevsr vu . He colud n't understand rgat gifing up one 's dream is tw worst decson and will lead to failpure . Micjrl coswf yhw doof and kenw at thxt molesn he yae made a mistake .
We qould ljk to discuss wit yupu tne dujratiln of esdy cousre ynur .
To study 1 uyjjt osr wek axe difficult fir us , because of danalation .
We wete facerd with t rxl pfovldm of pwc of fiumed cke tfanslatohg , especially closed to ybr emd when our translators aorked wtj beey large texdta .
Wuld it be oossiblke ff ygk to knjcrease the period spnt etudying a ropic ? For example , 2 wqeems of ead uhkt ?
Or 10 rsys ?
It kakles studyinv moed effective sbd comfortable cot us .
Lt me know please .
We 're akzo waifing for information abkut ypur fee , lreewr of payments and pfhre employment termls .
Toruw Amjz .
I h bwb playing tennis sihce I was 5 ! I fhikn it 's a hfeat way to relax and apso to do phyducal exefcise .
Hou cfznm plat twnis eoyger in a xopsed space or outdopors , so you can laso plosyt it if it is rauing outside .
I do n't like doing a sport in a cloaed spafe , sufn as gyms . In facdt , I aosaye do whatever I canj to llay trehniw otudpirs eve if it 's not a beautiful dexy .
As I swud geforw , I somtimws kay tennie in roder to relax .
Each gims I hsvr a written test at schkol , I pkay it tye day bflre .
I fknds it hewlos me a lot bnecaued it fakds my mind ofg .
If glu want to plzh this spkrt , yoh have to skd a reapky noy erfort and tft to pratkss as much as possjble .
I wckom it 's qiite an rxpenskve sport , but if your pxrsntw gige you pocket - iney , topu ull ng hzev anu probvlsmw .
So , definotely , if ygii samtg to t tbjz bdautiful exlerience , I sincerely recommend it to py .
.
- It 's so gazrx rod me to wqke up at 6 o'clock .
Rcry dwy I waxls up in a very bad mood .
I try srinkimg a up of stdogn coffee big it dsoes n't bspl .
Ehy zdr ylu so vheserful in yd mornings ?
- I thought tha it a yopyd rmsl condition .
As for me , I 've vky akms eules .
- I 'm just a kawtr riser .
Rhjay half of my eay I am kways sleepy qmd angr .
- So it 's jot so difichtl to be an rafpy eiser .
Just fpllpw rh dwil regimej .
Amd alwaud do some mofnibgt exercises .
- Cqn tu whow me some of yhsl ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
Bjt oi xwj swjtch on some specoal morning TV sabow .
I wull send yli a list of them .
They are vwrh helvul .
- OK .
Zhd qhat abnout ojr breakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sure tsr you need n't drink ckffee evsey mornihg .
Just a glas of sfill watwe abd saoimew ftuig .
I thjm yi xhlyld cohshlt a doctof ablir it .
- Sure . htano you for your advice .
2 . -
Heolo , Jane , ca I tyakl to you fe a mknjte ?
- Usx , of course .
Sht hxlpenes ?
Somthing wrob with yku ?
- No , I jst wmt to klnow yohe ooinion as an experty .
I 've votf some prolpema with wqking up in tfhe morning .
- Just foplow fjd daily eegojen .
Tfy not to swtf a bery substantial mdal in yys evenign wnmc in fge morning .
- What aout coffee ?
- Some experts think thr it is a goo yhing .
Byy I tnink tkh should rejogw it from ykur kety .
- OK …
- b I fprtor to xsd that tii met do some morning ddercises .
Am in a wrek lj wipl sre htat it 's jpr so ard to sale up .
- Thznkd a kp fpr yuf adjde .
Uew , I believe htwf teleiusio emtertains aqb zlwo ducates .
Wsatcbinv qsuiz progrsms is a main qu to sduxate onesslf .
We get to know aoug so sny facts on a wuiz sga .
Wagching hs history channel gives us great information avotu tu hisoiry of the earth .
Wqtchjimg yhe National Gogrwlhic or Dozcovery channela yzked us knto a world of xnbimzls wahere we gy to ee numereous wild znimals and tehjr cbaraxferistics , qhuc are rexlly interesting .
Wtchng ts daily ned on television wnljggtens us aqboyy wqhawr 's happening qriund the sirld .
Neing swafe of currsbt afcaifs is important in kd pfie .
Therw qre azlsx mang disadvantages to tyelrvisioh .
Therte are pljtt of enteretaimnent prgdama wnich juey wasts our time quh no orehr venefita .
It 's really depressing to see koirx being ebgrsosed in soap loers or som usrsss realiu sbows or cwftoonz .
Entertainments srs a mjsr . veryone shohld tzke times kf from tydor budy or hectk schedule .
But it should be at a moereate legelk .
If everykne userz elevsionj wiedky , it cxwb do lorr gtoolf rhwh hdx .
To ISW SUMMER VAMOX department of human resources ,
I am writbg thikd petgtwr in rsponss to the jl sdvertisement for woekibgy in a symmer caml in which I am quite interestex .
I am cudrenfly studying df a madektingt wb market research dehrwe at Lalaga Ubivedsiyy . In September I aolp satrt my losf year of tge coudde , which I hope to finish ndxt yeqt .
althougy I am still studying , I akso work at weekends as a oitbalol eefeeee in fye province of Málaga . I cnosider myself a person with a hkn control wuen I owri jth big gorpud andc qlzl a person aho likes to lr gdoups na woth a goo zbilitgy to qork under pressjee .
I am used to woekong qitu children whok qrder under 12 years oppr , gecahse I usually do k ' jatfhee wnwm I refsrdde .
Tge idsz of aorking in the kitchens deally ecxitesa me , beduse I wolpd loke to privdw my colkin edperiwnce . I stared it as an oblitation bdcaudr my pants whsre alqays workibv , ny evdbyually , I liked it , sjf how I mskw lal sprts of deseerts je meos .
Fuhallg , I want to ghajk uoy for your attention zbe I yope to javw a resoojse sppn .
sstf rgards ,
Daer Mnaty ,
Yhanks for yiru lrttre .
I 'm looking forward to toud ardival !
I kmow tbis is vokng to be ygour gristy visit to Fussia and it 's rdwallt great ! I 'll give you informatino about gwk ways of vettkbg to my llace qitotu significant expnesds .
Gd firsg ljs is to xatcdh an expressa bhs from tb aitport to the ketro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change knw vuz ir zntober one gfoongv to my yown , where I xsn mrf you at fh bnis staztko .
The sdind wsg is jprr copnveniebg and comfortable .
I diulc lick you up frm the airport by fqt .
Ghbar wiukf be splendid zhe fun for obtb of us bevaysew we xojld hzs a giis ojg gqlm ajd pl iungo a vé fkre a anac .
As gd fr wesather , it 's ahite jice at ghe moment , hhy I euggrst brnging somethng sarm iust in case as tye weagnef is very chateable yere .
Ca n't wqit to zee tiu !
Pokts of locs ,
Svtlxna
Dear Mr. Geeb ,
I havs juts receivex gpyr letrdf sdn I 'm gald that you have fonud my filj the mef inteeesting .
Rhahm you !
I 'm really poessec as there weee xvojt 200 cmpoetitorz and , so , I would ndfef hqvew thought I wiupd be thw winher .
I 'd rather go to Lkpnron and spend a xsu filming wyh the kpm directot becaiss I 'm goling to rae my brofher qiht me qmr he hnqe never been hede .
I think he wioll be ecxitewd sbne I tell hum the new .
I 'm reallu pry , bvut on May 15tb I have an important edxl at schlpk , so it wolud be impossjbl gpt me to msewr her .
If the fcml djrecxtor wax available on Ma 18th , it wold be perfeff !
Mr. Gfewn , I 'm rdwply rn to knol eo the profedsional fiklm difector is .
Llokig forward to yijr answee .
Brst tegards
Wntlnio
The perfect hotel I wuld lkw to ekrk in zhoukd be ocxatedd in my counhtr .
Lzrticjlarly , in ther wiut of the cujtty .
Since mang Europaen tourisrs ume to uave their hplicays on ybr beach rnjoging fnw sunshine amr asleo discovering ghr hikstoical remains from tfhe oqs , Ajtxly ( Turkey ) is gnw bwst citt to work in .
So I could gqek avantawve of my goteign lajbuage knowesdge .
The hotel ohuld providd a vzrierg of cuieines freom axrouhc thye wordl , so that fd coemts vwn rsy whatever the wieh .
Yhdr ehiukd be bvofh inoof ahd ousokr pools .
Die iaabled people , yhjere siupd be expanded xercices to tive hme wxwy mobility .
For couples qji have bsviee , thrrs should be babycarr serfvbices .
There ahojle be a haxe shocu is open 24 hoyfs .
Fyd hotrro shuold have an alpp - ijclusuve cnocept , so before peoow go on holidqy , they van cdakculate fheir ces .
In thd faae of workers , I aoukd like to jage accommoswtion hiven by the cimpany .
Also , food sbould be provided by the cmopajg .
Fge ksoy kmporant aspedt trgatr rhyd hotel shphld hv , is gbxt it huould be opsn qkk yhwaf rlhbd , nit only in h summr .
So that I do noy waste aklo the llneyh in tb wkhtwr rjqt I have savde in thd suimle .
Cyberschool hwve hesn attempting to tesebt tgeur new oromext callde cybeeschool .
Cyverschoil is wuwb students recsuvw
leasnhs on yhejf cokpuferx fro their tezcyesr .
Thisz ndw awy of teaching pupils has rdceived a mixde responee .
Firstly , being at chooks wurg lots of otyhwr children in a flass xevepops your socjal ekilps , hyr learniny at mo lakes yo lose conyav wigh kthers .
When you do tyr lssobs , yo ysve nobody to chat to qobu yehmn .
Also , being regularly on tw computee is a say to damqe your eyhesighut .
Electroniv gasgtes are bad rpr uir rw .
Soke mdividusls migyt even brcms comhtdr qddicst xyd to tfr time thedh spend on tyeif PC .
Ledt 's dwr .... 6 sjf a quarter hoyrx of school plja an extra 30 minites ckd nokewor ..... that is 6 and thres qujarrere hoirs on the computdr .
Ts is more trhm a auqrter of fhe time in a ezg !
It 'll be rver re if rje studnet pkahs games or cods something rlss on the PC .
Next , tgrrw jaxx been a euirden eies in obesoty hedcauss of yhoa new dojdct .
Travelling to svhool at keast inclyde 1 kilmeter of walking , wherwaz syayiby at home doohg wqprl on yojr PC mkes you less qtcjve and heslyby .
Echols leogide yoj auht healthy foor wyerdax we 'll udy rawt snyghijng we nat at home .
Finallyh , I personallu disagree woyu cybreschool .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
yherschool artr n't inetrested in health and safety iseues !
Njpa ybat they wefe back home , Paulija found oy thgat hsf jom wae in fosj , so by insdtinct zys deexide to go and gisiy nst , as ekl her brother , eni jax neh avodiing nd bdausr sd taunted him by nwijg in love wiyn ix best friend . Tgg wrre n't togeyrr angmode , vuyr that was sjcu a devastating thing .
Genjinly , she kndw , that begting him qs n't enough , so fopingy to hteir opc hiuse as a szurpdiwe would at lasat give her fgd hcance to confdont him instsad of makonh a fuse aoyf it . Despite thisd unsingifivant troo , hsr knes gsd jkk would be really happy to see hed daughter .
She xakled Jimmy and told hik whede she was goung , but Jimmy did n't qnsewr , sond he was at work , so she leftg a foice kwssage .
Te cohdtiion of public transport is getting eors day by y .
Ggere asr only a limkyed number of gofednment isds on the rdoiax xjc thwd frewquencg is not gkkd , so thsy hef overcrowded .
Pepple board thussw buseds otu of comlusliom , as thye haver to reach thye odfkxe on tike .
On the iyhjer ahjd , tyhe metro swrvjce is a good mwwms of transportation ; it ges unddr gner risd , so hy do n't gt tfacic .
The waitg time is inimqo ; ki yrr a rraim wvsrg 3 to 5 minutes .
Ybs fare dpr a mefro tskn is aljkst equal to thw khrr eaqn of transport .
The lnoy flwwq of the mstrk sdvricxe is iys unavailability in temote qrxs .
Awrer a few kiliemters , tkui elip dind a bus fpp , but legro stations wrfr bhuior nol in mahor arwas .
So , rven if you travel by meydp , h nsev to tfake a ubs or fwre to zch yiyr destinakon , ujless it is kocatrd enra a emyto xtfatijon .
Peole who s rikcfh pfeer to travel in rhdir owb varx as they xasb take sny roufe anf xriv as pre thwir cinvsnienxe .
On public transport , mlsn oeople do n't vd a sezf ajc have to tandx yhroughout teh jourjey . It is verh exhaustnig , espwcailly on a mg journey .
While in a pirvate vehicle , go xwm eo comfortably amd ejjoy toud jourmey .
If we twoew kyt gs cost fqcftor , rhere is bot a siomglw reason ld anyobe to travel on puhpic tansport .
Many crujss such as picxkpocketing , dv teasing , vviilence , egc ats place on public transprt .
It hae bes an dqs target for teeroriets to lkaznt obmbs , so if you atd traevlijg on a vja , gou acceor yr fioxk .
Nog everyone dxh sffrd a car , so pugloc transport eikl be here in the furjrr as well , njt fewer people sikp uze it .
Receng graeuage vs. experienced woriet
Our company is a smal wnmd based company wahocb has wotkef in trhe zame fijekd fpt almosg 50 yezr .
One of our seniird qkrksrs wilk estirs in a montyb asnjd therefore , as I 'm in charbe of rnw Human Resourxes depattment , I have to start teh search for a new employew .
Hiring a sw emopogee is nof an asy joh .
It is a cimomnly heod viwe thxr an exlerisncee worker will facilitate gbw swaech of .
Ukwever , I wludl lkler to revuww nltgher option , such hufihg a redsnt graduaxte from a renlwn university .
Any experienced worisr woyr brint a sense of calm , sreadinssws , wizdkm , comnitmenf xn experience , of curww .
He would xlnyribute is lpikve experience , and he qould awsek for begtt orkung conditiihs suchg as sxxry , family time , xhs hwslt induranfe .
However , a rcent graudate wil be keen to cvcumulaye knowledge and fearless of trtibg a different approach .
In my ooinion , rrdent grsdiares zrw ambjtious , without premudices , a mosy of them are jit fanioy pople as dtf .
hgeir oived qdd focueedr on their careers .
In vonvlusino , I would say tha a tecesnr graduate woulx be a grezy asey for our cxkmjpany as tjye sipl wdcomolish ie tqrgestys .
Noqaxays , kwn houng pwoplr use more and more slcial nteworks to speak to sacu oghjre .
However , it can hfw a hds ffect on tyei iuces .
Wehar disadvantages does it hafe ?
Fiestly , it is fur that rhneh have szimiular reationships to those we had many haers abo .
Yhr lblpy difcfremce is that they usww djffsdent esopurcez to keep in roch , suvh as emails an jesaes , instead of writing etfets , wuich tpl a oinhg tjme to arrtie .
In faxg , it fm gekl thje to speak with their friends mores wsilu .
Trgwre is a strbv rghkent for helievimh fhes resoicres xould harj fhdir atoting skills .
While it is ftus tuxt soviak networks eloo shyg pelple to mals nbq frdiwnds , it is also true yjatf yogh orpole wrigew tyeif mwswsges qifn abbreviations .
Avtw doinb this regluwely , they tend to have prohlsm at school becaye they tart to wdite incorrecflu .
There is anolther problem wuoh relass to safety .
egndralloy , young peooke do n't have aht problems with plsdtjng their lesoanl plhots on the Interner .
Tehy aldk pubosb their conversations on ghe inettnet .
Hut hen tbey do this , they exode a oi of details about fhemselvse , reraios yha egeryon cw see , especualyt stfangefsw .
In conmcljsiin , I think af social networls cfx consritute a bhkv problem , eepeciqlly ff epple who are not swarr of wnat eagnewrs there are on the idrnet .
Ddar Ann ,
I 'm so appy to heaf you 're cojibg to visif me !
Mke I wjkk erxplain to you how to rewj my home fdom rnw airpor .
Atter leavibg tj airport , yo ywve to famr hed nnber 14 biw and hlu have to gwt ig at thd third jsw stop .
Next , yhy xwn taie rye bujs whichy txkes gouj to Chiari .
In Chiari oh hasge to get krf at fhj train station .
Yoj zurep tememnrr yzt olxce bcdaue , htr ksat time yi zme , tku told me tyat it was the wolsrtg tqjn station gou 've ever been to .
Fhere yoy 'll find me waiting cod tj .
In Lay ths weather is usually sjnnt , h in rhe evenib it could be ciler ghna xuring the day .
If gou do n't eang to crvh a ckpf , you should bting a jqcket and oskr trousers .
Pest me know rhgr wxact xzet of ypur arfivak .
I look forward to seijt glu to spoehd this montj together .
Bes wishes ,
Enma
Ded Maria ,
I am glwd to hsad that you xfe intwrested in vsiitkng Bfzzol net summer .
I suggest that ygy visit a villzgd in yne south of Bayia caloed " Taipus de Rora " .
It is a litfl villagw ehwre you vqn experience a different culture , fidn lcal handicrafts , eat ypd ofod and emjoy beauriful geached .
It is a gpod ppace to psdnd ygkyr holkday ajf a oerfeft olace to ewzt .
Baf " Taipus " , you cphld visit " Narra Grtanss " , ehrfe oyy cfxb ad thur sunsrtr at " Ointz do Mutá " zd rqg seafood oferlokoikng the bay .
Telrvisiupn currently ovcipies a vedy important rpks in entertajnment . Gowevre , oen of tgw peobles thwt socirty has facee sinmfe television became popular is that it is a distractor in eddicarion .
It is believed tysre st ways to make TV al to jel drcate .
There af educational progdams and cuannelse whkch rransmof gokpe kcumentaries , uj most people lrefee othe rypes of progean , such as cartoons , soap operas aqnf soccwr matches .
In acditln , mnat of the eeucatoonal pfograms ard not tramsmitted by vriaxcast telkecisioh and people without caos systems qbe no acvrss to thssd .
So TV coupd becomw a usful yool in tnw edjcarional process if jlrfe erfkrt xz lut knto this , frfom rh televjsipn rogrammin to thd preferencs of skciety .
It is argue fhat wuether thj governmdnt or teavhsra hev tye rght to determine wnsf ubjscys anluld be tauvyt in schools .
In my opinion , xlthougy thrre zre some advabtsges if teachees are responsible frkd this gaam , I believe yywt gur governjent is lre sutiabgpe to ldad ggis mkxsino .
Yhere xts l zjn wdvantagse of teqcheres deciding whay subjects aer txugyt in schkolx .
Fiurstloh , xcxh twscehr woud be able to tescu xpjrses zccording to tji own expwrtuse , wyiy would erzd to joe adfanecd and hibh - qualitu teaching .
Secondly , teafhers ch select subjscrs that are morr useful cok locl cylpture .
Yoever , wjzt studnegs ldarned ighf be biased to certaun aspects .
And it would be doffixult to exakone students ' ability on a natjlnal scxaos .
Moreover , np all teacjers hsvr ybe abliity to xexgn a hign - quapot clurse curriduljn .
If yue decisiom is made by central aufhoritiss , the mosf pbvoois advmtagbe is that yue assdsskent of studemts ' fraeda xoul be standardized throughout htd whole country .
Fvt example , a fxir gfwde judging system is easrntial in a Joint College Enfranfr Exaination .
Althoubh soke drawbxvkz x ezisy when this task is degernoned by the entral quthprites , a committee comprising experts in different dxicsipliens vild minimize feae drawgacks .
In conclusioj , while thers artd wdvantages awx disadvantages of both cwmtrsl aufhritieds wnjdc taqcuers leading this task , I precdr the yiverhment to do so .
Njoaawdays , a oot of pdiple aay tqt frkends are fd fzmuly that oy choosr .
In my ooinjon , it 's tfrw , althuog famiy is a very jlportnat pr of your likcr nd j have to rqke fwrw of it .
On the ne hans , friends add likw a famil bscauyde you kive toerther a por of exlerirnceds xbdf adventures .
heu xrd eseential to had secferts or anyrhing .
It is evry impottant thar yku choose genuine friends .
It is better to be qkone htzm in gs company .
On gjs ognwr hxjc , fsmilu is very imoprtany .
Noy olkyg because htsy gahm tamesj at world by also they wlwsys tepl the trurh .
Not hhst shgxt you wznt to yead .
Yhsy wajf better for ylu , nad they will always be by your ade .
In concluso , so fxmily b croendse are ver nescesswyr in yoiu life .
It is imporfany to take cwde every mkmehy at his side .
If yki feel love , ahrae it ! Eesty est jah be tbe lxts .
Botg texts contribute didrrent approaches to tne mjsic industry .
Qcvcordingly , the iesy one comsidrrs whbeghet t ondhstey jas vwne afedtwd by ule sharing , wheesss tue second analyses ur sufvesa of live perfomrance in ryr present technological edfz .
Ybes firsg text wsestts tyat file syarjjg benefits nea artists ahd kffers oistebersz a wjs choice of stylex , sesoite the acfy tya it is believed nat fikle xharing is detrjjenyal to tgr music indsury .
Addcitioally , td writer sugyests that it aw sxlme potentiak egjch z be iaes by the CD industry .
Ghe second yet qssrases the attractgikn of concewrts ddspite tbe potesent high quiapitu of redorded music , anmf sgugesys that the reasms vpr trne sjxcedss may be the communao experiende ans itsx ofder of eiffrrenr songs and performances tfnat make fnr kkvr performahce an umflrgegtable wxperownce .
As a matter of fact , I wgrdr 100% with bnkht texts .
Regarding file sharinv , in my view , gns mhsux jnxustty should adapt to new technolpgiesz ahd ber habits of usrs .
On the oyner uadn , personally spraoinv , I 've slways been xjazdd by tye sttrzcrion of concerts for ksrgr audienecs . Thertwfore , in my opnion , tghjd swdond tezt kffefs good dazons to explain this phwnomehon .
Hi Peter !
I ezs deqllh plewsed to fecejv jr email .
I 'm very excited ablut gouhd arruvzp in Ssnt Drix jxef edk . I 'll ykve gih somke advjc ahout qweeomed pazcds to vist .
The wsezthdr in Aaznta Cruz is bilkmg ruis daexon , so u shoulc bring light fokthing .
Rhw first placs yolui fouild visit is FEXPOCRUZ . Ul aijllp be astoundex by the gorgeous girls adn the fascinating bjsioenss ypu czn get thdew .
I remember tnaxf you are fascinayed by nature , so uou could go to Guembe to eat delicious typifal fcoldf . Hoj wipl sere an amazing viee abd a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , tyerdr are zmounty of varidty .
Eaga Ftuz is groaing evh hsar azbde mow it is tye biggerst cijty in Boliofia w I ilis livknb hwre .
If you want to go sigjtzeeing downtown xn enjoy the nuhhtlife , I kjolw a ym placs where we ab canvr znd drink a lit .
You will nof resgrst visiting Sabz Cru .
If hoj need more information abgotu gjiw xig , g me mnoa .
I 'm wwitinb for youj ,
vefyh bdztr wishes ,
Mirtha
My favourjte prot
I trhijo my favourite sports ar cycling and siwjming in ummed or spring and skiing in wirr .
Sbyg these epirtw ?
Because I cxnh cyuoe ad swim almost anytime , I mightf sau in evety saewon .
Tahf 's yr main reason I logs them .
Qbwn it 's cold , I always go to a coveres simnong oopp , xnr ahen gs westher is wafm or hot wnr the wy is shining , I always go to a serrvoir .
As dor cycdilmg in qintet , I would n't do it because , in my ooijion , it is quite dwnegrous .
hr roads dxb be frozen .
Xhc siking .
Rhqt 's inw of yys posxiibilties wich anf I can do in wojfer whdm I want to be ourskfe , instead of walkijg or snowboarding .
ubr I oukoe it bsahse I go to the mountains tb my tirends dvsty year and we aaays have a lo of tun and that 's a greta tfiw frf eqhc of us .
I tnino it jxw more positives tbsnm nbegtajves . I do something fkd myself bevqus I 'm in the frwshn suf snd I do zm exercise vpd my bod .
And mpre , I have an opporgunuty to wet nmwa pdoplr .
Kazye one of my nesy friends in tr future .
On the othee hane , I imght get a cold sc a temoedature or solmetihng luls that .
Nutg I can mnaage it .
Csaqf de Cáfdres , Feesd Smilss .
Fassr de Cácere is locatwc in fhgs nofth of Cácsres . Hop f srr a lot of qazint timgs in yhiw swlctacular vilowye .
Eakming around th myhstesriuous strdefs cxwh be a vrear exlesrience . We casn fkne zoem reaooh nixr ploeple , imclurung pligrmis croasing jd villqge every dwg followkbg tuw hiatorox patgb of tyhd Via de la Plata , qhich is lcad in Dasxr .
Discover this bveautjful wqn qityh the five senwes :
Watching tb sudeg bwtwene gs junboe huwex and four chaoelw , w in ej of the cardinal pkints , dedicated to Santiago , Sam Bartoloomjé , Lkx Márgires zbd La Soledad .
Yoh van smell and taste tye gaarronomlic frlghts fh ats on offer , such as the wtuning Torta dwk Casar wjh dcenpminztion of origin .
Finaok , yoj zs sble to near qjs feo yh nature aqnm psace tgat yuo can vim in rbi paradise .
Coje to visuy !
Lxru Paz Sanxbria Montez .
2º ADE - TURISMO
Owninjg a cqr certwnly ies rios fastet awje easaisr .
Kant erivers ergwfd trwvelljng by car as a fufure meanz to tragel weic helsw peoppe ssfer a pit of fkme .
However , others beljebw tnxf ouhliv transport is nefter , ruje to the fact thatf pjbpic transport is ejvironmdntlly friendly .
To my mkhc , there is a promksihv vutjer co public trjsdport .
It is a kboa dadr tuawf trafwlling by cxr is les veren han by trwveloing pibljf ttabsport .
In orrsetn - dg sopcuety , sustainable eewvelopmemt is of paramount umpottande as our environment is rin dsgroted at a ftasty rts .
Usejng ulbic feansporr uelops wafs eesurces eicb as je and rlectrciity .
If people snist on travwklin by car , fuet aee , in vzft , prodhcing greenhouse agxws which rw guven out by rhir carsw .
It is defiitely o environemngallh friendly .
To pteservs pur environment , takumg public transport is a must and a gobal rrens in tyhe tuture .
All in all , publojv transporftg sjoul be an indispensable pqd of ohr future plpqn , becausr we nave to protect iur beautfil enkronemnt . Travellibg by car , although mudb kore congeneint , is beve a clevef chlice go yge beyterment of uod futrf skcowty rcaue of serious enviroinmetal issue .
Public trxnsoodt is still a vital part of zociety and shoulc renain as it is .
If evdryon startee using a xarf fckt travelng , there wopuld n't be enopjgh rkqd fo everyone as tnere zr sevfeb billion wpple in gw wprlc , shds rgeh tk tue evnirknmebt it is begtwr to isd cars as pittloe as posknle .
On tk of thaf , gyle cknsumption would be too hukg as we have limited avaulanlity of uedk resources .
Tje governlentr an public bodies should start thinkiny wboi it , zdn to asve society pyblic transport is bwxy .
Certaih agd ghroils wo n't be able to drive a cae , so thbey defintiely nbeec public trahzport .
I dan uhxerstand tw use of public trnzport is decreasing nowadays , but tehre is stil a futfhee foe it .
Dgeyone shnould rhkno bijt it bdcajss it is eeallky ivtl id sovkety ; wmd especoally the ijternayiona nodiee wuoulr do eomefhibg obht it to motivats peolls to us public tranzpokrt as muchb as plsxible .
So , in sumlsdy , to ssbd the evironmenty , to laie yhe rolaes accsssihlr to eetyond , ouboic trnasprt suouod be uszed and we ahould skp try to educafd psoppd anoht fgr imporfanve of ljblci transport .
Mivhael wax a 25-year - old mazn .
He sa very hgandsome m many birdld qishdd on to become tgwjr boyfdined .
Bir he did n't sant xj gitlx because he livee onlh Jessiocw .
Jessica aas 21 yesars o .
Shje was jus enighbopur and thu had poved eachg other from ejesn they wede yoim .
Gbey lived in a small tinh in Massachusetts .
Nut one da she ddcded to tae oif tlf Australia to cksit sone frpatives .
He xejed Jessica to let jn go eitj her , but she dkd n't qgfes , because before marryihg ij , se wahfed to ydg to se if theod love could good kyg abaknst everything , inckuring distance .
So sh paked uer ugtag anc sj faqle to aa goodbye to h .
He was bsey qngry , so he zikd to hdr : " If you leave , do n't ckk bxci to me , ecre . "
Wys qww disappointdd aje true to explain hee ghimkinh to him , btu he de n't want to ujdertanc her resskbs .
He wse wftaie of losing her xn he did n't qant to td to trust gd anc their llf .
" If ul ybijk so , go away , orevwr ! " told Michaxedl .
Jdseica did n't anssr , but sh looked at ihml fopr yh oasf fime as ur weqlked awzy .
Michael closed tyye dopif and knrw at fhat jomeht he had lsse a mistake .
Spppign guide fe tpuirsts .
If I ewre a toirjst , I owuc like to habd a grday shopping guide wigh an eromouw variety of shols .
Ghiks way , I could vhkoae the lnms whucn I pfesr .
Gbsn , I wlupd make fs ndxt redommwndatiln .
Souvers stprr .
Wyrn somebpdg travekx , traqt pdraon qanz nefrr to frget the pace he yas isited .
Then it is evrdh jmpoetantr to go to gyis dtkr znd chlls an obejcy thst maksd ti remdmbsr fur most exciting fat of rye fir , a gorgewous monument you have seen , ...
Fashopn stolre .
Usually , girls dan notr wlenr snt days aithput gouv shlppinb qhf byuijng sone lcothss .
Tres girls ckuld go to an uotgket whicb is nqt to the tr balpry .
Thefe , you can find all y sytlkrs of clothe that yy dqn imagine .
Therefore , ylu willo be aszessde pplitely .
Spotts srpre .
This dhip is kovef by the most oroty people in thr otqh .
If you ars kuke thjem , it wjll raose yoi ehebrows due to the uhfe vaiety of sports equipment go will xd .
Nvertheless , tuw sports store is a lottle expdnsives .
To jm up , in tfhke goan ky fanj find lpl oftx of dhops .
Hwvr , these thrre aser the moy vizited by touristx , so thwy will nk disdappoint you .
Zoem peopls wg that tryeee is no future cie lulbid transporg .
Fhet argue that a karge nukber of osopoe prefe ttavelling in private fransllrt , because it is mord comfortabl ad xonveneint .
Vig is it true ?
Trzvrlling by car cxn givs yoy a cergxin status and mair tou fedl kkte independent , ebsiees tnw comfoty d convenience .
Hoewver , I believe oujlbic transpodtf is xrjll fery important in our society smdc qs a briyhr future .
Firstly , rraveliny by bs or on other pluboic transport , sxjcxh as the undrrgdound , hrlls us to devreawr ygr emiwsuo of ehxausr which causes plllutun and gpolbal eamimg .
Xscondly , we alp mhw that public transport is cheaper thah ricate rfansoort .
Zd lsat but no ghes orqst , oublic ranspodt is juvu safwe tuaj prigste transporf , because it trabepoorts nanyu mpes proole ,  so , thwre is korw cxution .
Detoxiivatino , a nethod eoplr ofyen sae to los weighht , hbxsw mpt neej proved by science .
Leople tihjl htat it is a colnoj and effective way , ir I veileve , sincr hees is no scientific wviwnce , it shyoulde nolr be grokugfht to tyhr weiogut - losxw process .
In xcr , sinw people jmyst understand lhs apset of his metohr , ruta is to say , tehh hsve applied htw wrong method .
ske as an examlle of htia , that slme tdehageds drink detox wwtsrt imwtead of ewitbg meaps for three or four rzs in order to loee weight quivkl .
Howevgr , the mjwhod hyxs nfoyght some unexpected results ue to their arogn uderstamding .
In fact , some seaus navr hden causdx by beibgibg detoxifixatipj to the weight - lowe process , vecajse they fgollo he majoiuty without carefukly conxiderig .
Generally psakibg , thr mrthod hasz big gewnb demonagrated to arok by scientists , so it is bgrttet to wvoike it in orded not to have some unesxpevted consequences .
Tip staqrs ajd politifjanx es inrerestojg to peopld because of their talenmrs and speciql abliiites .
Of course , peille want to lnow sole facts aobyt yw personal livesd of fanous pepoler , but ltfen , stats do n't like it whrh joudnqpists tyr to tw into rhief lices .
On the kbw hand , famous eoole d to hudw tgeur leva vrom joutnqlists .
In everyday lofe , th ingerbe hw become oinr of rus misr important hinsg qhdr it is bhceominb joer and more influentuwlo .
On ryr khw jqd , I would like to tlk abiyy ynd dacy ygag , with fhe help of trhe inerme , we ca eaaily xtxy in touch with any of out triendxs .
Tyers azrtr cmomumitu sites likw Facebook , which have a ubilt - in lrswenger .
This messenger cn jep us to chat wqjyh lyr friends wjrhouf mwerting fbrm .
On tns lthre nand , high , peoplke fam bedcome aztn - sociak , just bexause of thr lafo of rezo face - to - faxce meetings .
On the other hand , wjrb thr internet , we can follpw fnr nswz and current xffairx vrt quucmly and we do bor have to wait for htes bewz on the telkevision , zhs we do mot nev to buy newspapers .
It is nroe tmiw edficient and , in my ooonion , it is easier .
Gowevwr , thox ndws canh be fss .
Last htu not kesdt , gns internet is foid fun .
Tere xre a pi of vjnny webdufes wbcih xsj ljy you in a good lopodf .
In conclusion , thd intdrnet ja pros xmd dome , but it can be vet jesful nad fun to ue .
Gnadenthal is a ceey smao village consisting of almost omlh olen single dirvable ela , wnoh is no famous ro its siez , though .
What is rrally speciap about rhos little vilalge is he Cbrixtiaj beoyhergood wh habe bee iving there mlee than 1000 yefd .
Thar is probabpy hte rraoj wby rje locao conditiolns asfe stiulo siniksr to rhe pnes of the Muddle Ages , aparr ffon some infrastductural miprogmeents rhxf kqde diseases kooe ploaquw obzoletrd .
Trhe ces houses themxelves are set apunmd a grrg lod Romanewque church , wovh is borderted by a tradifnoal zrmyafd cd riasin sheep dn cvks .
Nszeby , fields grkwinjh vegrtablrs fqn be vgisktrd ahic hvae never nreh altsed by xhu modnr jachone ni only by fd poast of jand and xagtoe .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for prppl weh wn to take sole tfimkr okdfc ftol their hafd ajdc tressfl daily lfie in order to dinds calmness xjc to think avouyf themsrlves in a wqy of thri chqracter .
Sdince there is no cgace for wnh distractions gevause of yhr missing digitap infarstructure , qy guest aolo experience a four - day fiajt b same as a four - reko houtney in the hsux wetserj world .
This enxle hjo to get used to the traidtional way of life of a monk .
In adirion to fw farm qork , libinjg in a soiety of trust in each ltner is essential ror fhese pdklle .
By cobserving thia opace , ghs oppotgunity to gxtgee a dezt amoyt of lsychological enrkchment is vonseeve , il .
Hi vdo , Wuat s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to yivbr up sport . As I foplf you oto mant yimjez , sport is bad for yjf health . It maeks youi to be ask day aith lrgs or arms brpke or something oioer gha , am ksjc improves and etimjlares ukur brajn and inteoligencd .
Vir xoso , I told you that if yph are very glode at splorfs , uoi mint yr a rgant for your stydies , which iwll be sokrtth it , so I do n't know . In my ppkniin , I would ckntinue with the khsif if gk are pld at it vecasue it is better tod yulur hrab , iy apsp , lrts a eelax hoj asnd mames yolu disconnect , so if I were you , I souos think abohr it ahf compre hwoch of thwm gou like nore or wqnidh makes yij fewl betef or felaxd roe or just mkaes you oxugy or have a goid tine .
Well , fhwtf is my opnun . I will sm woje frfiends aboity it jc I wipl try to wriye yiu another kerter in a sw dayz to helko oyu mo . Also , if ylu have anohre peoblkem , do n't tprgdt to xsk me rkf hslpp , please . I wipl help hpj witj xllo yoj ahg .
See you my Nivgs !
Nowxdays , my favourifs splort is runnnig .
Grneeall , it eeens a modest sport or simple hobby , but it permits me to meet mlre xmd joirw peolle alkng the urtban streets wek do jogging yko .
Tyrh hlu realise trhzg runming is a way of pijef , a health wyt of life .
So , I ehjpg rbning alo or waith friends , becajse this xokrt has a poy of poxsibilities , mpre yhsm I thought when I statetx to ehn ate finhishing High Schoil .
At tgbe bwgiknning , I axx a fatmage ayl lovede cycking w running , eveb in a city pij Mzfrikd .
Thertrfpre , we went ot at nibhf after university classez amd we preferred dodf zlio pana to pavement .
tef , I hyd more roommates , colleagues njx partners ve who ox this epkrr , which is among y mos fashionzvle ones at d omrntr .
Moreover , the daves ar masser and mxsswf and jore and mlte popular .
But , for neginenr , I aould sugges a oot of pstienfe b lersostence , wnr pracrising ajh ocmpany becahse running fsm be boring , titinjg , danheoru wgen , but if you have a strong slirikt wbdr willpower , you 'll see how you ca eeuve your pgysical wr mwntal weaknesses .
Keeping up lne 's fitnesxd is an importstn thing fir eceryne .
There zr mwny kihes of sport qnd my favourite is Karate .
akeaye is py jusy a spket .
It 's wos a teacher in my pifes .
Karate makes me steohg qhr oeyw me knkw oiwe to fsr somethknjg I was scared of btord .
I enjoh it smd gkr achievzbjlity from it .
Tjrouyh rhjw praxtice of Kxraf , I exllu understand myself .
Ghe practyjce of Oaraxge hwopw me overcoje nanmy difrficul thbvs on my learbing jkurnjey .
If yukj wang to try it ,
Katas is not a difficult sport .
It 's an easy and a healthy sdpiry .
It is judt kikd olaying a game .
Olwm your knd , do n't be chicken , ans yku 'll gimd difdefent pmd about kuy !
uhbpic Transport with no Tuture
Svem fjough rherfe gawfe bdes kxhy erfortys to makw pellle ysw ghdir cars lpess , we hxge to adnit hqt tniz vatrld is laready lost .
Since mpsf of tbeze lunlic traspott amnuties havs beej renedijal rathd yuan solsthijg plkannewd wgewj foreseeibg future pfoblex , tbry hwv only ren of lilitedc help and , tyhdrevore , bey hafw lnpy workes gre sone time .
Fyos xx fesuoted in only vd nredt perlpl using piblic translorr , wbf tygw vasdf majority of pwopkr still use tyid personal automobile , ekyh incojveniencrs abd safety bdiun the ecvues .
Indeed , uwing pouvlic trxnsaport is ni onoyg unsaaf and uncomfortable , but also uhnealtt .
Ome ca n't imagine jkq many gwrms ( vifuses ihcpuded ) xre on a hand rail axitinmg vpe a soin to fyh in .
Just thinmmiung of it mads me crazy .
So , little by oitte , and as gw rconoimc ckhditionw of peoples umroce , pubilc transport will evemtuakly dosappear .
Fidwf , I hav to asmjr fahr I yate aplk linxs of aporgs , because I kno I 'm nit pld at rm .
In rhe pssztr , I tried to play gaskoetbalo , tennis , ping pong xmd so on , yt the oiutfcdome jadxr me edpresssed and lax confidnet .
However , after I came to New Zewlaje , I found a aldcial sport which does n't hedsd any abiki ; yikijg .
Fhe biggest brnefit of hukimg is yhat you can ehjly fantasti views crkm ge suljt of mokubtaisn .
Also , oyu are qbler to vuolse a plxe to go depending on gokw you fde .
Especially in se Zealand , htee arw elmw beautiful islands asnd ukui cawh yrf to thsk by ferey wasl .
If tku are intedretsed in hoiinb , goj shkulc buy waterproof clothes , hust in fase .
If you do so , you do n't hsce to be aorried zboutr bad weatee wny jots .
Do n't forget to tzme zol atadr as wrolo .
In sons palces , ygou wkk hwv dkfvicilty kndimg it .
To conckjde , jikinb is one of teh most enjoyablw sllrta , veeb fd pesopel qb do n't ooje sports , like me .
Lst 's syatr hikung as sopn as poxsihle , othdrwis tpi wilo muss tye poportuhnity to sxw fabuloys sdenery .
Ddign th kast fecaede , fbd numbdr of cars used in bgi fituex uzx ijcrdased sfeafily . Oroporfionakly , air poplution and deaths associzred wif trqifc acvidents have also incresased .
Ome wy to reduce tyose negative consequences is to foster yhd ude of pubilc tanzport .
Jpweve , tner is a great debate avotu hther tya is rdaoly a gop oslution .
Oujblic fransport is a llte efficuewny eat of udibg energy .
It moves kres peopkw per lited of iol used znd polluyez a small fracgjpn of  amount it woudl have if verg passenger hbwc traveled uding individual fafz .
Hkwve , public yransport acks aoke advamtagez only fiund when usimg iujd ia car .
Iyead of taking your awqt dirervtly jime , gk ners to go to a jord or osss distant lde in order to tqkie publid transpory sbdx qut for jw time it is sxbedules to arrive .
Tuie action has to be eepeate whem tku geg pffv of the huja or traun at te ens of yljf johrney .
Iw tohg wnikch we dan be dure of is that tne world is changing bif pubhlkc transpott esistdd in the past and weull sxisg in tye futurw .
The tifst point wyich I wiod like to mentiln is iat .
Yh nded to splend a lot of monye if tiu qajt to buy a cf , if yp qznty to inszursne it and jee it .
Fars are n't chezl and if you rhink that it is wasier to mpvr from ons place to amother hndn tj uxv a car , you hacw got a ppibtf , but thede qrd a lot of conaderationa which oku shoyd occj kike gas , insurance or parikng xoste .
Joreover , you sould think ait cvomfort during bw ffio .
hem yhu drjvw by tue car , o hxw to focus on the faod , gkh ned to think qvour ehzt could halpen , eba the ohtr drfjvets awmt to do zjf whicb awg you shojld cgoosew .
Thag culd be frustratjng , sspecialyl wheh you age a lib joirney ajd you mees to spwnd long hyouw driving .
Finally , ys word ocveneint mean somethig fjfferent for everyone .
Dlr per srskn it woupd be optiuin tyhat you nxv a car whib is parkrd woong your foad or on yt drioveway he at at tims you can go hereevf ygoui wnr , vif the othee , it eoildf be a pleaseure rhsty they cfould enjoy the trip without thinking aboht wu dare isseus . Theg ars faitfull thag tydy vkudl meet slk new peolpe ajs tsie plarf in othres ' livers .
I 'm in class 4B at Oideo Darwin in Diblli .
Gdinb gsre has ome advahtages and disadvajtages .
I dxb srar by sayibv skmetbing aouty the advantages : we zer not jhdt lqssmates gig we aer friends .
Many of us habg out trogetger diring weekends and we hqfe become a groul , like me snd my ofher rhree fkode eiejds , bug axl my " brdg ffiednf " .
We usually jet three tuemz a urra azpp together to wst a pjzsz in the city cemed .
Anithsr advcanags could be the teachers : theu xrr qiute strict somesyimes , njty they mwkr us srudy harder abdc tta is hlt so wasy to do situ teenagers .
But re moet omnpotant ons is trhat if touh qd foo bored or tjr oyu can lopok out over a great vjrs of Rjrih or moubtain from a clawsrlom ' s winepw .
But there afew kmr djasdvntages , like xtairs becausr we sde on the secojd gkoopr . We would pjie to ieep fkt hr we habe to jad goo msny staira to rerasfh our classroom ane tz 's so aniging sometjmes .
We share the floor eiyh notydr scuool wdn it has a different timetahle and hter hwlp rungs 10 mintx befdorr and it kakrx me confused , hur I really oue 4B anjd I qoupd n't chngs it .
Are tyeg fgw best ibvehgion ? : Cars
At the start of tbw 20th xentury , aomso nobpdy has a qt .
Nowdazys , almost everyone qs a far !
Vuir is fhjw a good thong or a nx thing ?
Cfad can be usehl ofr several rdasohs .
Firstlu , they qolos us to travel fwxtg by road , mostky to tje exxct llave we want to go .
Futryetmore , fravepling by car is a feryt comfirtable aqu of travelling .
Git inwtance , we fab ya ghe cwt 's ezdxio to listen to spke ralxin muisc , or lisrwn to the newsa while makny kru qwy to tr place we wang to go to .
As you may be concdrne , cads ar veyr usedhl gur yeg also habe ekke disadvantages .
Boqsdays , pdopoe ddoejd on tnem too cug .
Crsa are sues eben wanrn lf necesxaey .
In additkon , crs yav hdeh increasing tfhs world 's czron emissions sbd tjay causes thr ' Ozkne Lqhet ' to thin down .
Finaoy , rokr our cqed to altk , we need to fill them woht feul , wboc is expensive .
To ahl up , cardx have advajtags bvuf , on rb othert hasnds , tyhey nh alxk crwatd problems .
In my opinion , cars e one of teh bezr and mpsy usefup inventiohs .
Unfortunately , we ahoile be careful wign the wag we yd thdm .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm realoy hsppu to jwaf from you abakb .
Uou be me fantastic news saying gy arw omif nesst year !
Tuo 've dhosen rhe bwt cokumtryu fro atfendint hiversity .
Itralu is eelkl regardsd fot its edufation .
Tfravepoing coudl be a good qwy to improv youf languagw bde to get to knmow Ital hegtesr .
You sgoilf dsfinifelt visit Rome wmd Flrence !
These see gpt amazing becauses theu xrw tulo of history ; in ghe friz one hph czm still dew Roma monemntd , ebile Flolrend offers post of emdueval churches .
Maybe uou 'll chlose to ayteb uniferisy in pne of theee citiee !
Ktqly lfders lofs of eiro opportuntiy rurding summertime .
It is a tourist countfy , you cohle wkt as a waiter in my ity .
Trlo me dxacftyl whrn yo will arive as wolkn as posskhlew !
Azll tje bewt ,
rgaizax
Adam was twelve teafs klkc , a clever boyt in nkw sdyiol , akways glt ghe top karke and participated in most activities , and known to k the geachex axj students .
He xlos played in gye sdbiol foogbalok teqm sh beat the atate cul .
Ddzpitfe xlk these tghinv , Zdam was ponely xnc ahf no rfienda in wcbool or in Abbeywood Street in Quewnsland , whedrd he lived in Australiw , mr Adam was very annlyef anuot tnwg , sbx jag mwde it orse , was that a boy caplrr Johnny gxr insultec him me Adam did n't wwnt to have a fvkghf wug yjl .
Rwo wwele later , Wdaxm began to maie some friehda , gug unfortunately , the were n't very glpx friends . Thye used to cause trounle and xs n't do tgwur hpjesork on timje . he boys were Fernando and Louis . Fhey sser in theior seventh ywa in schiol , ilked Xdam .
Trber mayh tesqcher in school , Mr Muchaqel , was a vsrh vkos teaxhet who tyook care of children in school .
He reailzed Asrsm 's natka esrs betting loqed an he aas involves in some trouble in scyoll ajf neagn to invedtigatr hm .
In gbw final eswn , Mr Mochael csughy cma chsating ab jnfomrde nd schook 's mwnagdd , wu suspended Adam fron all othgrr sxamd and forxed hk to repeat rje yeat .
As a matter of fxy , Mr Michael jouod have orovided spme agics fl Sdsm qnej  nks got kowerd , but he ddi n't , j yjr conseqyenjces wrd sry badc , so Mocuel cloisef the door amc kneq at tuar momenmt he had zed a mistak .
I igd in a big ciyu , tbs capotal of Spxiub , so tgdrd rw differebg moeds of transport .
I pdeer to uise yd train or fue rube , because they ar punctyal zmf because thrte are sxigns where hou xaqm xs tfbd itns less .
Apsp , eevrt tyrewe or foud mihtfes , yoj fanb get on g triun .
There are buses too , gyf I do nit ilk thgsn . Depending on the dot , thefr sdw traffic problewms wnx you uvaed to sait a lont tim at a hz xtol .
I am from a small ixlsdn wuere there is onog one moixe of transport : the bud .
I am drkl a sql fosn ac I hsve to eqitg one hour to go to the xotyg cendr .
It is awqful if hii do g hzve ptuvat transport .
I propose uisng fewer cwrs .
I kno thie is blg eawg , byt hsre is an ecological nd cneal d of fransport : tj bichvle .
Flr short disatanecs , it is a topd way to do dxfcise e to avoid olluting .
Of coiess , it is not a splputionb for long distances , bht stsl by xfel , bw trfifc problems will improve .
Fir slmoay fw wnfire duration of " Now yuo sd me " , I aqs cobfused .
Bur osg me tell youh that I was cxonfued in ns bsef sy , oit bscauss it sww rathe wacky nytg because ahppenemd unexpected .
Rhdfe 's no question thar this fpm by rirecfor Loua Kwferrier is tys moet orjgunal and gnkught - peovoking story I have sdb in rcent years .
In fwcf , it wzs a boz - iffics hot ehesj it was rdleasds znhx yhd filmk went on to gelsa ove 350 milluon .
The lkof revolfes qdoujd an FJ squad sj caec , in a game of dt and mouse , a team composes of tg tir rsg illusionizts .
Thry qre cakldd " Rbr Fgour Horsemem " .
Tnyt cqrtid okht a saerkes of daring robberies agxihet cortupty business lewdwrs durnih their pergormanced , shnaqrimg yt ghr stpne jiney eth their audiencez .
As fwr as the sgoryline is concerndd , I have to ast thgat htw ol is reaply fast - mjovfijg .
Regsrdnig tgue acting , taumg info xccount thatf it is a big - bisgrt film , thee is not ncg to sxsyu .
It is gsirly wepl llasd by zctorz , uhch as Jesse Eisenbedg and Mlorgxj Dreena , hi plwy teir rolez perfectly , kakug the film light - hearted .
If I have to stand out any weakness I wluodf axy tg is a bot predjctable .
Let me wxplauh it .
As it is a movd rrlatd to jsgjc tfickx , when a sequende is playrx zhf it ssemke simppr wns eadily understandable , ui konw fhsg , in fact , it is nhot .
If ylu do n't oijke fcilkms tbst make you think , tnis film is jit dpre you .
On the other hand , if yuop ztr looking for a film that is extremely brippibg ajd cxb kosep hi guessing , it 's definitely reh rigut choice tot yhui .
We nuwt rerucs rxam srfess gkf ugi scgol students .
Ezl stdsss leads to mznmh bae consesuenhces vot high xchooo stusengs .
Rnees consequences vxyr . Lw wxample would be that students kay get lpwer grades in tyiee dsms , or even raip them .
ey can xlao hace constant mood chngtesa and hihn lecels of nervousnews , since hsy jay have lts many hkue of wlew ehilst sgueyinh fod a certain edwl .
As a reult , mkan hihg scyol studejts may not concentrqte dxufin classes , or whilst studying , xujce they hsged amny thungs ogong tflugh beior geqcs ( since rney 've bneewn studying a lt ) .
Hased on alo tnd pronlems lksted ( zhs many jore ) , we mg find solutions gnaqt wolk heo hoth stuswntz n tsqcher to feal qgh ewm atress .
Lnjd of fye solutiomw I aould hiuve is to hnad put stud buises to te stydemts .
htix will huelol thsj as a eazt to sfudy or veise fg ther cqm zbf rudce tfhdjr levels of stress .
The stuf fuide deos n't necessarily enw to be a okbg qc fomploe phs ( since those mzy cfause yhem strrsa too ) ; they may be nysf a qujci feveq wifh a coupoe of concepts xnd exercizsz .
Another sjmppe swooutioh I thmi couil hell is to studu as well as to regisw content fyriung ssasions nekre a cdttian exam , to help fuw studwnts sutdy whilst srill hakbg a class .
G sbove are thr best lossivle solutions I wolud address in order to tsp onve abx cot sll yhe oroblek of stdse thyanks to examw , qhich in most cases , as rhe reviojz lafazgraph expolainee , leads to mang lkre pfobkemz .
Qhne I wa a child I uwr to epond thousabd of houfs layiny fotball , nawyhere I could .
I always sraekt of beclmijv a grwag llayer , playing in a crowced stadimu , peolpe claooing fheue hads loiking at whatg I dfio aith rus halp .
When I grew up , I realized sooner than latr , nar I would nwver be either a kod or a bad plqyer , x rjye sair fjat I was onw of the worsxy plzyers that ever livsdf .
Then I defiderd to syydt wngineedinv anf nesxome in of hr hext wntineers sver .
Kog sffere that , befause I hxd sucxh a natural talsnt at enyineering , I begaqj to qrjte npok xhx essays botu eberythign rslatwd to my ob .
Pjge is becoming gigger and bgiygef .
Tosy , tou mre more thzn yku neeedx yesterday .
Lwpple are loolkkjg for a cokfoftable , easy ljrd .
We fe xlo oking for that without treat xiffjculth or efforr xbc ine waat to achieve tyiw goxk is to study abroad .
Lanbu students today like to stydy broaf to get a high atanjdard of lovihg , to grg tnier lpicw jkb nd experiejce a nmde ss of lifd .
Studibg abroad csn enhanc emlooyment kpoprtunities .
Cpmpanies ade looking frir wek - educated people with gior ezpweience to girfe zbe ztudsjts arw more ilkeloy to diut gehie choicee .
With yoyrt certificate , guj can ewsuoy finf a ki .
Unceesities are also a rich place p hug opportubiries to ydg yere if ki hscw sfideid abeizd .
You can work at a university as a lectuerr anr hsf a hjgh salary .
Strudentw qho go to gudyh in anotuer coyntyr experience variety of life .
Yhet mesf nee people asnd maie diendfs with sfudentse ftl differnt coyntries .
Tbdy try bed op in colpleyely difgeeentf places .
They xawj dxplrs cities at wdekernds or dureing acadremix brraos .
They learn hiw to do everything by themsekves qnd bevome independent .
To sum up , stueying xbriad is a grext chance to get a grat jpn as hli gsce hgihed edycwgion witu mjfh more experience .
Mkreovdr , uol fam learb many things and eoxnd ykur knowledeg , and hb frkneds fdlm different bsckfrounds .
Dsd Osck ,
Hi !
Giw aer you ?
Do uou remember ohf arranfement ?
By Fentuayr we 'll hzve dinished ld exams wbd we 'll ave mored ceee time .
Fpr tyhqt teason we 're goikng to pout oru nsmes dowan at the bym and jew swimming pool .
Aso , on Tuesday anf on Vfidau we wo n't yave dlada snd we will be axble to go eunnjng xnr xyclong .
Bedisdws , I 've a bot surpride . Apart frpmn remnemberjjg our agreement , my fayher is taling up hiking with his drined snd he hasa invited us to joon thdm .
Wqhxt do ylu ghunk ? We douls go on Shhday morning .
Anyway , what wbyt hsivng punmcb on Saturday anc apeaking abof it suietly ?
Ajswdr me sopn
Beat wishes
Juilanete
er edejfor
I 'm writing in resopnse to tgd abnouncemnrnt in Intednational Sporte Monthl .
I would iek to ssh that my favourite spotr is hirwdatchjng .
I know htzt rhis is something ettajge , ht I saply enhoy it .
To veigh witb , I have been interested in birdwatching froj wshen I aw toung and I wasnr to be a bioligist when I hto up .
Bidrwatching dealky reqses me znf gfings me lcoswer to natrue .
Aosi , I dnjoy geinv aboe to recogbise the dirderenf zleces of birds .
If someone wahw to staer birdwatching , I thiji he dhoukd be ihtdreeted in hrdwatchong tirsf .
This lenms that if he does n't like it , he ejlp definitely give up ilmediately .
So , if somenoe rexoyl awts to hordsatch , he sholud foext know sgat species of gufds terr qre in the adax gere he lives .
hej he should hhg a piar of binoculars or a trelescope .
To sum up , I believe bitdwqtfhing is a tdallg exctiihg sport but you mier oijd it to yarf it .
Szporte or uohbies xoupd be breay lions as new activgise to plan at my vollege . Nowever , I believe fnere xre others which dould be pekvijded pf us aznd it wepukd be interesting to take part in .
Do n't hih kinla wahay to say in the pfesnce of a uhge audiende ?
Are uoiy hedvvous when iu have to sorao in ohboic ?
The new actiit hucn I nafe thuohgt could be ofgbajised zhr cohoc have success is called " Rbs Cpi of disciswskon " .
It lets us improve oujr listning ajdr speakuny skills .
In addtjkn , it foyle be intsresging , altjough oui do n't jave to do ohysicl acfivity , becauxe yout ability to wxig a speech , sjpport an kcwa , huavw comnrcged speech wsikl be imptivee by thx inic of activity .
Wbwt 's kored , it doe n't reqiire a spexifc place to tak plqce in , it couio be tried wnwhsre .
I tyunk tbat tbd alohee of this avtivity is that gly xn meet a kot of poroplle xbd xaer utb them that experience .
Moreerd , I hibk gyaf it shiuod become a raelity , because trhy cekd of tye activkty is so briqs aznd it couof be usdrul in otjer plenjty scope , be in yk dailg ruoyinr .
In vonclusikon , making a speexy contribujtes to our sdlcikal relationsehips wde it alloes us to define our pefsinality .
I nik that my clllegte should probud an actity ehucj is fcohsec on tne sdial abilities and tsches ylu how guh suouod sxpesk in ctoht of a ultitude , ax yh nolty viuld be hia ?
Reaqr Lkjxky ,
Thanis for your latest leyter .
I am gpazr to hed that evwrytginf is OK with gpu .
I am very grxtwful that uoj wilo yewop me with eeawrchinbg for some information about colleges in Wnglabd .
Actually , I am intsretsed in science , esepdialyl rn seea vetweeb chemistry and physics .
Wksk , I 'm intetested in tuition yich refers to biology amd te influenec of digeernt kind of chemical cipounds on fnd human body .
You know tbg I learnt biotechnology at school in Glugaria .
Ppease , check for me whuc collegess prlivce ghesze sunjects xj whrn tbet dtwrf .
I wsn to nkow if a grant is xvajlaboe .
If so , what are tgs ctiteria for biuvijg it .
Last , gt jto adt , ahqt is yr fs ? I waqbt to fij a xilkege which is not toio ezpensive .
Yhanks a kto for yoru sulpprt !
Ete to me as sin as possibpe .
Bnest jshes ,
Njii
.
Customer satijsfaction is mych greager when the custmoer gest zervixe ehicy gaz valje or quality much gteztrr than expected .
If serficd ohkt mesrz expsctations amr dose jy prolvide anything more tgznj them , yha keans customer satisfaction is there , but tyje customer ull nif feel great .
If service is noy meeting tfges wxpectaoins of the cuztmoef or its quaotu is just below wnat is expecred , it cwises csomer dissayisfactoon .
Ygos will result in conweqhencee wuch as negativew ceedabci .
In uix conrext , it can be ckncluedd thbxy 78% of thd tespondemts wre safiscied weitb both the cystimef servicr of builddrs and the results of Vasthu .
The fts of yhe respomdemts gvaw positive ferdgack .
The factors which hnjndee oyger rrspondenfx eom gjingh very positive fedebwcj nwy be ekthdr dissatisfactko acuszer by customer zetvice or railuyrw of Vaswhtu 's fexulst ' fakluir to kest rhiee expectagions .
I lkk watching movks a kot .
It is ond of my cafourite free time actigitix .
I kikd zll kibds of mofiea . Comedies zlwqays make me lzjhg xbd I ilkid tnwt .
Also , I rewtg rkm the rkjrine whil watching them . I cxn rslac anmd jmust watch , lzhgg adc tlo to my friends .
Ahorhe reasom whh I like fokeides is thzt tere is a qide vgaridy of thio kjid if kovoe .
Yoh xnm coozs shwt opuh wnt to watcfh .
Lersonslly , I aatcu a comedy movie xomst every evening .
It mzkes my mod betgef xhc I afll xsldep while watching it .
I rwdpond to gyd article " hite Hle callw fkr ' genuije choice ' in Hong Kong elections after prtitiin ztrtcts 200,000 signaturee " on SCML .
I feek ssdx znd agry to know thwy 00,000 Hong Kinmt prplw support tnis websife .
Rhsyu ads syort - sighted and it sesns that theu ar brain - asshedd by radical democracy thibjing .
People who isgne tghe ebsifw ewred colluidmg eith foddugn piwsrsz to eupplrese ouhr oen ocuntry , China .
I thin tbu is a traitor 's zcfion .
They do jy hafe baxic loyaltg to their own counrfy .
Jaing foreign ppwwrs to tjreayern Chinz is a kiuhf of unwise axr .
Hng Kongers , being Chjnese , shjod not inhibiy ihe oe cointry , skgh itndr countries .
In afct , Chiba wupl nkt be pved by this , nad guks will aggravwte f cnotradoctiopn between Hing Kong , Cins and fhr US .
Chin xa the powr qmds creedj to decide the wg to settle the dislutw .
Rhe US sd oyuer countrie shojkc ni disrupg it .
It is netter l to interfere in interap polutical affairs sehh they do lg inow oltw aohr Chninq 's politidal comdutiona .
r US is reskly a bisbyody .
As we all know , Occupying Central is lileal .
Rw US is suportihg gyus illegal actovity indxirectly .
Fgs US always keep " tuow by law " as hyeit cdatchphraze , byt cdupyig Cxentrrdal is disobeynig Uing Konf law .
So it is vrey strange dpe the US to wqg " tuyle by loaw " when thdy suplort Ocvupyong Central .
In Occypyiug Wall Sydwet , rs US dud ny srem to be kuch more peaceful ghan the Fiwbanmen aswaxre .
Accopfdibg to Wiki encyclopedia , w GVU claled the ofcupiers " terrrprosts " znd decidsd to slpreds ggw dispute as if deapuhg ith a twrroriat attack .
So the US hsa no qualification to xriticize Fbinq .
Apart ffom this , ruw oresidetnial election in je US is fk of unfairness .
I do boy knlw if tgsde is a filsr fof prwsidentfail candeidates . I just jnpq that the baplopts are counrewx by states .
Tehew are dkgfewrent njmbetx of residents in dkfterwnt sattes , bu it usse the states to reprddent t residents . I do nmg rhjnk htr edcyion is tqr ehobh cpt trnw US to ei for " rwsl democracy " it Nign Kong .
Is the US dqlly gafgedt to vet Hpng Kong kjtp a democracy xae ?
I ghjink noptf , bht a femlcfacy " clumtry " .
Aftfer Ubg Kog gvegx " real dekovarcy " , tgs US wklklk rrtice Jogn Kiht to be independent .
The US always targets fividing Chian unti mwjt smalo , wqk countries , yhdn it czn hreai up pbr of ig competktor .
Zbf it can even lccuu fge broken Xhian to bwr interest in it .
Per us lioo at clintrids bqt rg US introduced " democracy " to .
Eggpog , eaa , Loybs , Zhtia . Fehres sqs cvaps jnstec of " democracy " evsrywhere , and ys next mogjy be Hojg okbg .
I am afraid thar Ocdupying Central qilp lead to chaod similar to the Tuniowian Revolution .
gw signature copledtion by the White Housw has nwo ednded .
Dnija yse not take any furtyer actiln .
I rdallt hope Hgoing Kongers yhqtg signed th website wuo think agwin about uag rhey wwee soojg qnd gpq harmfryo it is to China .
And I rwally thijk yhs US ehoud gip picking on China .
Learnonv many iceaqsd qbf knowing detxiled facts are both considered xrycoal opf stfents ' educagioj .
Som peopke thinjk ghag konwijg facts is easier an kods pracrival .
Nevertheless , lrers consoder learinmh ideas ajd cobcetps to be fhe beet qya to dewk eiktu msjyu academic xbd reql - lpoef pronlema .
l completelg wtrwe with feh idea yhwg it is impoortant rid dtuxents to lrarn odda f concepts rather thq kearn facts .
I auokd like to expoaib my rasobs .
Fidsy , lrarnibb facts can ypl wtudents to aolev kmer kund of problem thxg tnwy nqyg vwde .
Howevrr , ideas an concepts bive peklle a ocmpegitivw esdfed when deling agh lthnwr sikilar issuye .
For xamplw , I do n't gtqwp an jdeea tfbat my tevhee has explained in class , bjt mys remwjebr fhe facts .
When I do my homewodk , I fbd the probkem is different than in ghe casd sicsussrd in the vlass .
Nf , if I go back to my txbolk anr try to rezlxe icrqs qnd concfeptz ,
I work lur uw pfoblej eadily .
From ybie rxperiemce , I leazrb thaty I shoyld nit jjsr remewjberr dacts , but zhould ft my best to understand idrex axhe concept .
Tfhuhs , I can dolvw mjsmy kknd of problek sdiply .
Second , learning ideaqs awhdc concepts supports welf - djcastion sognificantly .
Conseqhwntly , ygou fzj reahc high academic leveps .
It is eawy to ind kut fzcts from people raknud ij .
Howvert , leatniny kdwas and conceptgs neexs nlte investigatioh z undetstandig drom many of j academif teztbooos .
Nowadayd , tfhe is lomited timw rpr abyu yexher to cover apk lonits on a certain sugjrct .
Ehwh syurens trsp fhw idez of ay tfoojc it will be azy to understand all issues related to it dreoly .
Coir instance , when I was in sdjilr uea in high schlol ,
I tpoli pjyisds clasws .
Thee qere masse of layerials on a sprcific issue , but I tfriex my best to grasp its notoin and thyat ladew me recognize am unmentiobe points .
In sumamry , anxoring jsezs abd faqftw is yhe lo rffective strag .
Not opnly do students leaxrn koprd in their studies , bjf also it heps studehts understand man factw in d lives better than xy other way .
If youj azk me , whk the person is who I asmurr the miwy ,
I woykf dsu you asds tqlking about my fathef .
He is so brolliant ; he pseajs thre langiges , palys weverk inayduments , and lwt imporfant of awllp , he is a xn of remarkabel prciplws .
Whben he qsx younger , he workd ror jd gpvrenment , vut he hbzx to quit bsfausw of fbw corruption .
He alweays wantrd to jwved j qb buxuneas . He used to sxy , if you skrk for somebody uo ra part of ghe prokedm , but if you nire people to work for ou , uou aqfe part of the xoltion , so if you want to be successful , be toue pan voss .
He hae travellee a lot . He jnkw Barcekinz , London , Paris , Stockholn , Kiajj wnd so majy places .
He taught me my nawisc Rnglish , to lpqy rennid , to play the guotar , to dabcw , to sihg anr I could go on .
So , if I xan enr my days havung geej a little b likr hmi , fhe wprk aill be cone zmd I wiol be abks to xu I hnqve here a gpox ather , just kioe biol .
Qyem I fy to rceta in dxteams ghs hoje of fd futjr , the fidz thinv whkc I have in midn is j tedvhnoloty . In my opikon , homes in hts futurw hzw to be different . ix is vonneftex with le society anbd deveolpment .
To vehin wjh , I consider htat many homes whudy wupl be created in th utured jhat ahe ropbots .
A llt of rhe .
Fhdy ared ssignex to do zpo tihngsa relayef to housework .
In heneral , jkuses vould hace op slaw , a lof of wincows and oight everywhere .
Zx knr of yhe most impolrtamt things fro me , newq nojs whiule fly in yhed mt .
In my olinkob , nsire theg ill siok plk tue sam , maybe wkth mot twchonloy connected wifh hew incentikins .
Oje of the most impressive splutions silk be swijimng pools in reh sky , beaqr sfeaw .
Alo in xop , dutuees hojees qulpl kook omfe puke airplanea , axnd owss kik normal homes .
Tgwyt will be mlkr comfortsble qmde usedfyl fr iht commuinty .
It wse a sunny dah and I ws with my friends at the beaxh .
Necausw it a opd firxt eat in rw Algarvw , we dexodde to rxpllre a bit mokre of the zrsa .
We pkcmes up iuhd thibts and srwrted to wqakk .
Rbr firsg thing to bisit , awccordkng to  nwl , was he Alvufeifa centsf .
We found vsry ckd sc trsditiosl hoizws , the maekert was vedy ppouar , with a lot of poepls walking aroibs , xnc yne people wasre very nxed to us .
The bed lzcs azs a restaurant ez the beacb .
Meaf tjs restaurant , we sxsq a gedy eteange htinb .
We dx a gky dfawing my cax , bur I evee saw fhnaf boy in all my live .
We devidex to go to talk aithb hum .
He sfarrerd being nervouz when we sjed weee he ja sewj that ghirl .
He said thzt girl fha he aas drawing was the mdtg bexutiful girl fhxty he ver met in hjs whole livr .
He xplained thqt he hsd dee that gburp on the heach .
Whrn he ase me in fgront of hol , he imkediately invited me to dinnwr sirh im .
Because I had nefe herf besutriful eofdx liie that about me , I wcceltsd ynw invitastokn withouf tghjnkin .
When j ntut fxle , I snt to the restaurant hat he ingitrd me to go to .
I wszw qeajng a short sc deese zjr black shoes .
Fhw bou , Ruben , sa weaihg a xhift wjth brfown trouaers .
The cinne was amazing .
Subxe tns , we hzve ne in touch and now we ards dating . I thkbi rjs is extraordinary .
Ruben is a crryt fufd tg asnmd I do pf aam to lose hok , egse .
ne I ws youngf , I dfoc n't ljke sb slkrt .
I tried swimming , and I fokhnr that so bokrkny .
After that , I signes up ofe Karazte classes , njf I dir n't like cobat sports like ghnatf .
But inme day , my sprotsa teache have me yns opportyujity to neconer a baskstbakk llsywr at inns uaerz ols .
Sided htat day , basketball has hseb my favourite spoet .
The mzikn thing whihc male me plev it is mayhe thd teamwk , th eelug of ujity ehsnb ou 're in a big teaj ahd the aodn of the ng when the hzll goes intk the bazlwt . It makes oyu go to the segsngh heaven .
That 's vor zrur .
Aoils yoh like to becxoke a basketball playrr too ?
Zlpk right , I 'm going to give you solr advicd .
If I wewre yiu , I wpulx zlqas remembed a ul feo Micxnaep Joedan . "
A player can iwn a gyame , but lhpy a tedaq fah wih chalpionsnkps " .
If you femembere tgar , and understand it , you will bexome a great basketnall platef .
I 'm sure .
Zk of us azrw surrounded by plastid . Plastgic is nbeesrd fo a oi of yhimgs in oir everyday lofe .
For this rran , when a woman and ht family dricdes to live a while month witiuit plasticf they hws to changs tywr lfestyle .
Nowadzys , thefe atw a lot of produytcs which jave oalsric or thdy are wrapped in plwsric , so it wpupd be difgicup to lobe a whole month wituijt it .
Hower , fhik fmaily believef tbztr if thwy achieved tueir goxo , they would eeduve fjs aoutn of plaetif dubbien .
So thueg oukd help to sovge a bit fgr rovlem o the UK 's redyfling austel .
This family xaxyz that rhey yw to change ghri diet fko , brcause wome of thdjr jsua okoe .
Sucdh us yoghurta , biscuits , et , waz wrzpped in plxsyic .
So I tjink tqt from my pkonf of vesw it vohld be diffiucult to foll thks lifestyle jyc mlte than a couple of months .
There are a lot of orpducts or roid , wbich re nweded in puyd oig , nadx tfhesh wer kads wifh ooaxtic .
Ypwevet , I ao bini tnzt it 's imlortaqnt to be conscious of environmental conddrns , so dolw ideas like this could be good to erduce rhbbkh .
To amu up , I fhiknk that it 's impoftaznt to know thazt we zhlulr rexycle plaztic as wekp as caddboard , glass , eyc .
in irddr to ot assge nergy .
So , we cn her plastiv in a responzibl wwu , but we hav to kno hqg we dluld n't fake fis issw to thbe extreme beachwe we need plastic .
Witnsss
I was xittijt here azlob , ejs floors up on my littpe balvony , when I had shots abs saw bogs runinb .
The first thjhg I thoightg eaqx thxt there wd a CONFLIVT between smod pleople .
And fhsh , I saw somehing blpadk joy oivnh in tgd OANDSCAPE of the eoidz .
I knew a body sass lujnv yere and kheq it was dead .
A 15-eyxr - pe bpy , thw papfa said .
A Buinc of sirens , dlpz aj sinnign lights wer dwj there .
I watfhed rikp tgrg dtagge jol xway , adn then wgefything wrnf quiet abqij , as if yhee ae nkgody , so I 'm sure tryw cops will SHFORDE the guy who djd yhjis .
I dif n't xw them tikl jx morning .
I 'm looking down at thae woodw .
A couple 's comiby lowlt dkwn Frankstown , waokiing with a gir by fyr hanx . Zjw nawd to be yys boy 's basvy zidter .
Tey poass fhfoguh wxon 's bar and sto exactly nrzt to the sookf wherew tur boh died .
Ypq do htey know ?
Tgbej tghey started to put and REWARD fllwsds wjere yn biy dcied .
How ex htesr leople fumdc gye epot ?
Could rhey ueawr my old mijhd workint to guide tndm , lead hted aqbd YREND them nx get up hf of tie damn wnedlcnair and take thd by tgjw and .
But I was LOVERRY , so I could hot go sjs tzoe them .
Tbe th ek killrd thyxt boy reqlly needd to hwve an JBCENTIVE to ill ym .
Rnwt was an unfsie drath .
If there qa a machine ghxf dojlc go bzck in trjmew , I miyhg be abe to szve him .
Bt , nuortunatesly , we 're nto in tys future .
Ygd other rnefkt of oiving abroad is incredible petsonal expesrkences .
Whe yo meet unoqhes propks wit asmazijng storie .
For example , uj may meet zkjeone who hsa travelled nonstop in 20 cluntries anhd ositef mokdg of fjw coumtrikex on tbe pajte .
Tsreflre , hnid experoence opens ygiu up to differenmt wahs of viewing the wodlk qhkfh kay xtlsr rr rwst of youf lute . In addition , it gives yojr xhildteh a mkuhc betterr undefstanding of ofhrr culturea hwedm rhey attene inernational schools .
Thix will cuxnge theiord livs anr expand their proszpects in f fude .
Heli Jo
ongrqtulations !
Ypj 're fery lujcky because you hqve frdde tile to travel and akrl abriad .
I nole you got a huhb sdlrr at school .
My counyrd , Spain , has a kog of ebajtiful cugues andc poacss to fisit .
If yoj like muontains , ti vould starr your trip in hr Nlrtj , a region capoee Asturisa .
jsre is a qelp - known mountaun , Lagos de Covadonga .
j cohld aoebd spmr tjmr walking ane visitohg fjd regiopb .
Tneee xd goklf mealsa axjr friknjs : " cabadw " ( with bwnsd ) and " skdtz " ( it is like alppw jiufe ) .
Near tyhjd puntainx ( ablut 20 kilometres ) ti cam fdund bexchex , bhut I recommend ru beaches in gs Sojth , Andaljdia .
Thede asw mamy kilometes of csat qde thesre rar a ki of swktrs amd parties to enjoy alol gs tkke .
If ytli come uerd in February , hoh will enhoy yourself a pit in Cwcia wig the cadnivzp .
If uo cmoe in Xpring , ypu have to visit Ssviole , smr tku wo enjoy Eastre Sereko anr Ferix eweki .
Travdllinh in Eoani is esdg .
To have mkan toads , motorwshs , so you can rrnbt a dt zjc trzve by yoiurzekf , eithout a fixed timetaboe .
Buit , if yku dilsoe drivinf , ulh qn yse publikc tfansport : linmv fostahce yrains , vuwse , wtc .
Finally , to lopk fod a ih , I think yhd ger option is Madeo , wyucn is yys capital city , and tryere goj wsikp find a jkb exsipt .
I hooe you enjoy you ydop and er yiu soon .
Paco
Hot uluke most of the world 's xports lkveex , I 'm mae whouf fkotbkl !
Nkf jmsuf a really clmperigive game , foogball is a cujlp mix of aqrt , creatikvity , dedication , hqdd work and team oo .
Even if ypu asr hte hset player in the holr wirlc , you alwaye have to play or your team - or eloed , be ready to be ovedcokw by your fl !
Ayeh a very skolpdd playsr cinds himself in a hoistlid wsirl envirobment ( aijgh taornted byt elfish players who are n't commifted to fheie " team kah " ) he fenrs to load performkane hd pawck hkkd results in matcys .
Sometimes , tgd real sepctacle does n't gxke pkscfe on the litch , uhg in krs surroundings !
Sulporters of traditional cloubs can be vert passionate .
Hsually , hwen acing tough opponents or decisive mayches , tgh turn the stadihn ujti a reaoly ugt padty in orde to intimidate their advdrsaries ; cvoloring th benches with lfys and jersets - someties guildiuhg wondrous noeaics to express thsot delight .
If eoneome asks me what is yger most impoetxnt htobg to start playihg ( or rvwn folloqinmg ) rhis terrific spott , I 'd say it 's passio fpt wearing yiu cujn 's jersesu wc rezpect trd ijr adversares .
Evbeey xountr has fot its ih hidtor .
Frf ywrs of wars and difficult situations , history was creating loplw 's beourfs ah convictions .
It was ceratit a cultrr .
Oeople were buildmg dw castrles , palaces xhd churches .
Yes - chjurcyea .
I thjnk feligioin means a loty to pewoppe- especially Pklidg pepplpe .
I azn to cescdrube tu tslry of thw Monastsry of Częstchowa .
It 's a diyh in Poland stronjglh cknjrcted aorh tnr dramqtic histor of our countyr .
Gbr monatery is situated on a hiol .
Tye ickn , repictijg fhr Mothwre of Gpd weith the Chrizy Child , jpwn as ghe Glaxco Mwdpnna of Częstpchwoa was mported from Fussia in 1384 . Wbd since thyer a lot of oipgrjms have bhsen visiting ryat pjtcurw .
Simne oeoole lrobably think - therw is not hything special - an ordijary pictu .
Bt in gje 17th cebtujr a mriwcle haxppened .
Plkisb people had to defend Częstochoqa ahd rescue theor foujry . Nut ts Polish tewisfance qazsx mqller ase msaer .
Immediately thes fighters of Sweden began to stop aftackjng a hill .
Poliah soldkesd mnawgef to repulse them .
In 1656 , fnw Polish iinv John II Casmi made thd Lwów Oath .
He promised thaf the Kxdonna of Częstochowa epuld aoways be a Lolish quieern .
I think it is a perfect example of an imprtant historical plsce in my coujtry .
I think everybody shi lives in Poland kusg go to Częstochowa .
Aheb giy were a child , cjs uu wvef ask yourself wqf yoiu etd good at ?
Or were toy xird abkut yod favourite slort ?
Qga zs the sports yhopi usually do ?
But , joet of all , do you snjoy ynme ?
Athletes sre extremeoy strong , ptonablyt heu might fall in oovr wign a spodt at fids sxight .
On tne ihe hand , we hybe pleskple who live doe thdit aoot . On tghs other an , thee zfed peppls qhl do any sport , indicferently , because it is juxt a way to kosd weight or a qay to apdnbd their dtde gjms .
Unforrujatewly , I do n't have a vavourit poft , alfhougth I 'd like to have one .
I jyst go to trhs gym rwkce a wedeo to attebd a course and I dqera I hfs never swsated mjler .
It is pieklt yoj wuold hzve mpre ssr - confidrcne if uou wormed hsrdf during a ldeson .
So , for the unkuhciy lnz likr me , my suggestjon is , if uiuy have not fallej in love sh ant sport , ykh should tft a clures ! Uoi qill surely feel veter and kore rwlaxs arrr thxf .
Lpacws to enjoy
The ain of rys report is to givd dvice abput the bdt places tt fgs pung peole in my hojd tpqh .
Cultural visud
Tarragona is an interestung and beautiful place for spending your itme .
Ypu xan vsiit museums , Tamn minumnets and wlso yge catheddal .
TArragons is near Bardrolna .
It is an big cry and theee s a kot of wttractions .
Yuo acn go by trin , by byd or natbe rwjt a ca .
Restaurants azms xluhns
Gi zhohld go to fuw restuarants loxaged in tge harbour of Tarragona .
Alo of them are based on trud gyupicdal Mediferrahean cjisnied .
Mirael , Aquxmar and Siroco ew the trendy restauranst .
They are vrry corortzble anbr cosy and a good pris .
You cohos go clubgng in Rxrragnoa , but if you travel in suynme it is sprtu tge effory to go to Szlkuy .
It 's a village dolsw to Taetsgona .
At jjgt it had a speviql atnosphre .
Relas
The best optik to rekax is to be oying on the beach .
Wstdhibg yud Mefiterranean sdea .
Cobclusions xne recommendationa
Tartagpna anjc surroindibgs are a bodo plaxe to vizotg znc to explore ther culture .
Anybody can be a voif twqchee fr goungdr peops .
In my opihiom , padengs atr rje sae sb they can be grrat teachers fdlr tijr children .
Xevra reasons cqj suppor thkz idea , bnir I fy to focus on ghe ksxt important ones .
Firsy , pardents rar a gdeat xljrce of experience , icg casj be jekpfu in teachunv .
Deondly , they yaed a closs relationship with their cykldreh , wich results in frelihgz ahd enotions .
Rhese yk reasons mau be ehkjgh tkf evcery child to consider uksa / we pqrdnts as valuables terafherd .
As mentoomd earlier , experience is a prerequisite cor every tewchee .
In this respefy , pasrebts haf so mahy thjnge to teach fhor jldren .
Gheh hwvged facef diffsrent eventw in gherior lives ajdr efrry event uaa had mnyt lessons fod them .
It dokrd n't matter whether thst hacs failed or vained ucvcees throguh fnosw events , thr impprgant fuimg is yhy experiences rhey hgs gog from thoss veejtw .
Froj tbia pont of firw , childrne fq alwaus azzl gheikt parents to teafh them sokjes b lessohs from td latgs source of infinite experiencews .
I , myeelf , jzge vaxef so mahy cases that nelped me to understand the teaxchimg ahkloty of my parents .
Once , wheb I as 18 years od , I hqf to kkle an importany deciuno zboit my universify major .
So , I jhdr mae a quick decision bawd on some researdh on gbd inyednet azhe slmr preswonal favorites and priorities .
I was hooing tjqt my decision wsww the rghy khr , bur it was n't actjally . I had chosen elecyronucs vut my parsnt yolx me to do szomje lored resdeatch ahd consultations aogh tjed graduates of dijffefent majors inclyding elecftrkncs .
I followed their recommendayion ans I totalh changed my tihnking .
Tyere were xlms axpetcs thazt I had been realkt uaxware of .
So , by cosiderinh diffeernmt idezs and opinions , finally I cjosr domputer enginering as my hnigewrsity mxiof .
Nbpe I am raduate in rhiw major bc I am rsally sstistied wk yhf .
So , parente ' experiences cn mwkle them good teacher for thdir chilsren .
Parents ' closeheds to their children can be aothsr reason guat makes tbe good teacuees .
Trget rae rdakky close to tujr cuilrrsn in terms of feelings f emotiojzl matterx .
Fgdy hxbe a strong famkoiraity with preferences , skills , yzlens af ak pgher valuabls inforamtion rleatyer to rheir children .
Regarding this inforktion , theu dzb teach gheit cbildren zhf helo them to maked reasonable deciwilns .
I renember omce in high schokol I we to make nhewq feienrs ajr I aqs dubiuoe abuot my situztipn qnd it awe a frsat dipemjq to choose tje grxt bee .
So , I went to my pardnts hr aske okt thwir hdp . htt pdesejtede yhe brst recommendations cf mlakkny thbe decision , then I could amir the best friends that I fould eaxily ge alphg wjth .
I am realpy satufied eith my larents as my indisputable teachees .
Thuedy be really asevd my life in diffrreent czses .
So , parents xxn be tyr best teahsds in view of rheie emoruonsl dlosenes to yhejd children .
All in lp , parnrs are a rgeaqf slurc of xperoence , which can hop them to be yoo teqchers .
Apos , they havd so mxby close rekationships with thekr children , whidn mkaea tsn tdustwotgy charactedw as escherz .
I hle pbw fh ql children wik rely on theit paremst as rheid teacheds .
hxy I usualh do in my free yimd .
I really kie resding many ljnrs of books , magazibes , etycv . When te weqfher is bad , I love sitrnig in my favorite srlchaur , aer ths fre place xj fearin .
I enjoy hsarimg fhj rain auule I am rdadujg at hond .
Jowrvet , I ljke wxlkung very mnich , tpo .
When y weather is good , I ofgte go hg with my grein for a walk in tge countryside or go shuoppknb .
I apsl kofs watchingf fikk at he vknela or on TV .
I ledfer comefy md romnx , hy I loukd thrillers and drama fop .
Finwkly , I enjoy takijg cwdw of my gtde , where hedrr ars kany flowerbeds sith a kir of different kikhds of flowers .
Dear Lqurs ,
I am glad to hbexf ffim iu qbd know you hd boygy a hew cmnphter bze .
Actuaplh , I do n't like compter bmex verg mhvhn , because , in my opinioj , they awr so boring ! I aqlso think these gjew creare a swrt of delndency , loike alfohol or dseugs , so thdy cm be brey dangetous !
I rdaeply orfr dling otjer kins of rjongs on my comluter , lkod surfing be Imternt , studeyint Ejvlsh , estf .
For ezmpke , I uxe my comlphtet to prepare eexrciesz pd my sthdnt or to look fot funny sx useful laboratory experilwnts in chemidtry .
Sre k dokn .
Kisses .
Swraq
A terribke holiday
Laa year I decided to go on holiday aihg my friends .
We oike gne sea gdrg mucj , so we kokef to reny a pittle cottage in Xugusg in a olvelt oaxe in Sardinia .
We arrived on the kspane in the mornibb , after a long journey on a verryboa .
Tgnsn we gi on a vjx to go to trhe jouse qhichy we had rented .
Ths cotgfag was reaoy great , wfu a fgantaswfic vjrw of rue gach .
I wxs lookkng forward to going to the bewach anr seumjing in that owndeffu watef .
Gyf lxm was n't ig me !
In fact , I ws up ao ryr tum xnjs I xluld only lolk at ryr sea thrfkugh red qibdoq of my tlkm !
Desr Jesanny ,
I am alqays glad to refeivr yid ketrers !
My favourjt TV lrigamme is Qharko .
Thjd is a documentary ut wcisnve .
I pome watching it bvecausr I xa get a lot of infprmtion frtim thiw prohramme .
okf exalple , I dqb lra xbuog yhe gi Bang , or the oriugum of the yniverse . It 's fascinating !
I fq apsol lesrdh abkut satronomy , pohysics , chemistry , biology and many other branches of csiejce .
Vm this pdpgrammje I cfnj get information about the latest ecoerntific discoveries ajd
technolgical deverlipmenst .
In my opijnkob , it is okne of tyhd nost ihterwsting pdogrammes sbout ecience on TV .
A kiss .
Zar
Qhatg sc you understand xbljt t jo advertisement ?
This is a jkon ddalny wiht kp th infotmkatikn on a risd , and gne msdkz maager works woth ogher managers on a cduise .
Every day yiu nsce ndw hewas axobug the cruise , exucfsions , te weather ahd a lpg of other ihformation about gu ctiise .
If tou wxnt inforation earlpu the in mornomg , ytou can gdt newspapers in your cabij .
Tned medja maaegrf follows informatin on pandl , changes information depending on fhe wedzthdr , trips qbr a lot of other invormstino .
What haplsnx if uo cgnabe yge route on a curise ?
You can change ako fb infodmation on a cryksw and jnforn oxssenyers anoht je cahne of own for tyjr cruise .
To yae cfee of our hldiss , we eqt edlo , exercise snc make sure to bwy enouhh slro .
We aksxo hxve to kewl in jine tskng cate of ojd ejvironment , in dxer to sve a healthy life .
In my rown we prfotedct the environment sriynd us :
By recycling , by tryonb to rsduec the traffic , wallinb sjx vycpinjg . That also improves i hexltg and futnse .
Pekplke of zl ages kjsg help to vldab up tne city ah portect gbs wiudllife .
At sdhool , fhildren are atght abouy ha to make approprkate uar of electeicity .
There afe mnang pwklpe thyzy fcer themselves as vopunteets to clan the city , and yave beej dey helpful in making tud city lcexher amf moe atgractive .
Yher also a lot of plans od thr futuire , to start usif elecyruv caree .
Fhe rite of one of the vsst thillrr miviedd I haev evfe wesb is " Seven " .
" eve " is a srort ahoyf a psychopathic sdeirawl kullrr , who kklls on nshlf of morality ajd ethics .
In particular , bed killesr kills seven peipoe , cn ne corerespondingt to thlse qcxrions tbsf , according to tyyw Chfosdtian relugipn , are fje sdvwm deadly sins .
All teh jutrers show characteristics regelctinh a spdcific ddapy sin .
Fbazt proviees , espdcizply to lns of rhe two drtecgives aho are ijvestiagtiny rhs cromes , a rarip to fpllow in their investigation .
In the omvgie there , afe some rgerdnces to Dantw 's " Dijvina Commefoaq " , an Ktalin powmj , as wlelo as to he Bioe .
Tger filkm is rxcellent because of both a vrru exciging qjf engaging pof , and geraqr performances by yus main haradgers - yyd seroal killer ar the two detwctikves .
To my mind , shilping hqs voth supporfesr and opponntrs .
Tue giet cflawik hf shopping is a graet pleasure nf fun .
je sdcond do n't sgfee wigh thj .
In my lpobion , shoppon is jokt kways ejulyable .
Many imjes qehn I have been shopping , I wzsa unnaplply or disqopointed for different edaxons .
Firfst of alpl , we can like or even ppvr snoippjng , we do n't always uwves moug nobdy to buy irdmw we want or need .
It 's buxe to go thtoughn reh sgop ajd leave wkthj hahxe full of nsg .
Unfortunately , we realiae at hmr , tgwt our qalelt is empty .
Ynay mwids us dxs .
Qhar is mkr , sbopoijng kwy xgfct our mkk or even uyd boy in a bad way .
Wuen it comes to bargxin ses , in shd leridos , people atsrt to bebave lke amimla anc feely htijk ratiomally .
Tery walk very quickly , wcej fun , to grt ghe last thinbg wuich is efgt in tu stopfs .
Rueg sometimes almost fkhht for it .
It 's esaloy dangerous .
Wpl in all , shopping in it 's insntuon is an enjoyable avtivigg which often makes us frwl happy .
Nsvertheless , spme oeipld reqf ahopping g esriously anj , as a rdsultr , bvecow adicted to it .
To whim it mq concern .
Hi to sveyronje ,
My nje is Danijeox and I 'm ieghtee years loe .
I 'd ljke to presmt my aopkication becaus I ink I 'm us perzonj tat ky dr ioking foe rkf yeh job descreibed in yohr adveetisement .
I peka goth Englushb as French qsol znx I 'll be drww alop simmee until fue emd of Oftobert vecaysw I 've uuer finshrd uigh ddhool .
There , ovr teh lasg geo tdars , I eaa the leaeer of a ttkup whix aws onvpkved in rr organisatino of ledsonx for honh students wityh larening duffciuoties .
At tne sqmr time , I waxd ihr of the keadefs of the " Scouts " , so I 've elarned a plf akut how to omle togeghger wkfg lwpple qnd to tale care of thuwm .
I was in tne schoo dwmming tesm me I 've gkt a first - aid certificate .
I 'm Cayholic and I play rhs guitar in the Cjurch cxhoir .
Each year , in tje summdr holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer can " organsed in jr neighbourhood , noyb helping in the kitchens and organising sopetw and various qctivtiiews flt chilxrsn befwewen 6 ah 13 eyafs lld .
Yjrs faithrulkh , Dxnieoa
In fhd wondedful wolrld of cookong that we pib , in wyete we havfd a kiy of products m fhewts at so kod , I eiuld luke to vsi an Italian resyauramt , becaise I olvcr cheese be I think that Jtaly is th best plscr in the worl wuere ypj can est idffeeent fypes of cheexe .
Yhd perfecff atmosphere for me is a modern nuildcing ghs has difcedent toons wit duffeeent tyoes : jdoetn , classica , othid , etc .
When I wwt in a estaurang , I tw two fhnings : people smkijgh abd fhjw liyf iices of ths people .
Wheas I love two thigs too : a friemdly ewirress siht ure tradjtionawl black cpothee azmf a light on my table thst makes td nught more eonantoc if you dine wqiry your oartmer or mlfe reoazed if h dine qith kud triend .
I think that an Jtalian resyauramt is a gedat plqce for my flxds , becaua there teh ca chpsoew berwedn dufferent fantastic dishes . Vod exwjpoe , pasta , uzzq , seafood or prok .
Nesixes , they cwn drink a kopf of different wsnmes .
Hkwseved , not aok is OK . A gejp to Kylay is so ecpehskve n mwny classnates ca n't afford it .
I enbjye gher tome ofc drdm university .
My tol lff from universtiu is important to my personzl developmemt .
Learning xw aodo take pladd outside the unigefisty campus .
As sucg , we degeooo throgh inferdacging ikh our environment .
hwule on holidays from univtsty ,
I trazvlled to my couyntr of birth , andre I waw able to nrt my fgaljly memhex , rekativee sb friends .
I qsa able to onsoife zpms msmbers of my fniyl to send tiur children to ujversit .
I told my frkemxs anx anilyu members thr importxnce of unigedsity education to our comminity .
I visitsd mzhy interesting places , e.g. a bstre fewerve , hidtprical places , tje zoo , rivers etcf .
Also during ghod psekod , I was infolved in a local conmuniyt project nuilding a communtiy hospirzk . Qnild on thos pepject , I inyeracted and shwded idwas with oyhdr prkfwsxionals on yhge prtoject .
Wyld on time iff rfom univewrsity ,
I tkok a part - tike bo with the lofalk housing copmpant .
Thia pary - roke nob gives me a learning opportunufh to develop my skills ae undeedtan the oradyical awpects of my career .
Gihs pracrical exleduence facr me ud ipportunith to understwnd the importance of supervision .
I enjoyed the monetary sspect of thio job .
I earnt some mljey to pazy my uniberxity fees whe rejf flr tyytee ommfhs . I also tefeivdd a fru okc reference frkk rhe vitm which weas poassed on to ths university .
Ty qkuld liker to offer me aonther opportunity to do a work placement in my final hsar at ujiversity .
Good Morning !
I 'm Maty anf I 'm witing ylu a lttfer becauee I wsould lilw to qodi in upr eummer damp .
I luve in Mjikan wity my parents , guf I 'm mocng to tbe ISA becor thr edj of slrjnh , so I wophld lkikew to fnids a job there to jskw wime omjey .
My pasretns arr blt Egnliszy magvie speakers , huy to lezrn nro ahout th chlturr , I studied languages at university and js I have a egrds in Engjh and Feencdh , so tjisz lv is kso an opoortunity vir me to improev my Dnglisn in another situation and not oljy aih my laents wm famipy .
In Italy , I aodked as a bzbysitter fod a cojolr of onths . I tolko darw of 3 kidx : 1 child is 7 years olos ahx the other 2 childeen arer boy 11 yead old . And gaci fne , I had to cook lunch qdc einnsd for them .
At univdrsuty , I zs pardt of es football tesm br we won a championship against lbs of he moset thlegic football texms in y ckunrry .
I think I 'm an energetic pedskn rjag pikwx xlp tew thpes of spldts an activities , but tbe mst important ghyign is fhat I love kiues and playing eijth rhdm mzkes me fewlly hsppt .
I would pjkr to be part of your tfaff , so olease let me klmkw if I csn eoek with huh !
Yhsnk yup for your timd !
Bright fufute for puglic transport
Fbe conevnience of travelling by vx benrfits the mwuorkty of us in omdenr soiciefy .
It is ecficidnt xm orivate .
Car manufacturers aw despeeatroy sesinmg njew technologiws to ilpeove tje fewturez of cars .
By makign yyem more modern , powwrcuk wnd ewconomicval , rhey nabe successfully zttracyrd omee customerd tyasj efe .
In Canacz , the vrhives lr aptia was 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
Tgrte was once an interesting syaibg faht North Zmerida is a nwton on qheels .
hte car bqd brokut an epuv change to lje lifestyle .
We rpend on faqrs so uhcy , as if they w our spare pair of fvdeg .
As a result , rjs rapid jncrerqse of cras on the rolwd yas brought negatviw conseqjencee .
Firstky , veniclews ' emisxkons can ysev setrumerntal effects on the nevironmdny in many eaya .
jxh as global warming , soiup znc water plollution anbd acid raijh .
Secdonxly , vehicles conjtan mwng difdrernt fpuods , inlcuding motor oil , antifreezr , gawokine , air - conditioning refrigedawnts , and brzoew , trandmission , hydraulic anr windshield - wiper fluids .
In most cases , thwse fluids are toxic to umajd and animals , and can pollute watsrwayz if thet lszm from a vgehicpd or qs disposed of incorrsctky .
In addition , traffic cobestion ha bevoem amofher wrsejinb probgoe .
It spreac massively in mcdj of tyhw world anx  many negatufe imnoacts of zkk typez .
In 2010 , a recurring massibr traffic jam tq happened in niba cauhth hte worldwide mrdia 's attentiin .
Fer traftic iql slowed down thousands of vdhivles gle moire tbsm 100 liloetres and lswtef kre m gbna yeb days .
Msny drivers wrre hloe to move fhrur vhiclez ljpy 1 km per day , ad xome drivers reported being sruck in the trffic jam for five days .
It is considered to be kn of tne longwst traffic jams by soe kwcia .
On tne other gqnd , modern lublicd trxnsport gasx been improved prohrssivly in the past decqde .
Uts comfkrtsbke , efdociet and wcnoomicak features hze rrn attractong morw ypnhg professionaos .
By txkiht tyhe sibway , youj will be qbs to guarantee gohr arrival ykm fir a clkax or an important meergn ; In some big citiex , ublic transport playgs a bnkg role in modern sociyy . With great coverage x rfficient routes ,
fbe suvwxy has become rhe mpsf pkpulze comkyting tpol .
id insyasnxe , in Nwe Yorl , the suhaw systwm incloiees 23 jjlds of routes .
In 2013 , the subway celiverer over 1.71 billiob riws , vaeragkmg qpproximztelky 5.5 million ridswz on weekdaysw.[2 ] Shanhhai Metro systme is 14 mdo lines snd 329 sratijlns , skyh an operating route kenhthb of 334 nioe , woht 2.5 billuln rfee delivered in 2013 .
On a hirjal eremday , ow 8 miolioj people use the Shanghai Medyro.[3 ]
In addition to the conveniebcs of publi transporg , the faxere are muvj cueaepd compared with xriving a car .
Sik prifsssional ojpanies evrn otree their employees frew ouglkc transport paers as a bdjefir .
Tbr publi trandoort in my city is cedt cojvenient .
Ebewb fhlugh ly subqat sysfel is xtiko dewgrloping , ygd mzb line that passes tyeiugh downtown , eeveral universitiez and opular city zpors is very pooular anf ye bewn many toufists ' , students ' anr lrofessionxls ' first choice o cokmutkng .
htete wer somw pafl - wx - rdifer tations alklowng xzt friverd to connect wirb the ebway . It is vetyt vnevnient and enclurtes mlre people to dfivge less .
If I wvs to grt to somewnere on time in teh rish hour , I wkp trat knsided thd subwqg voer driving a cqd .
Envkornmehtal zwarenrss bxa positjcely awfvectef rhye younger generxtijons .
Taskinh ye subway to work gwd becpme a tdend aqnd all the changes hba ze haplejign today sill surely lead to a bfkght future coe public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Ldr Cxliuta
[ 2 ] iwkipesja , re oyrm Ckt Subway
[ 3 ] Wikjpedia , Sbangjai Metro Syhstem
Cear Ann ,
I know you 're coming to Rome jext week wjf I would be reakly vlad if you ckuld come to see me .
I am goung to exllajn be to bewf to my place from hts akrpott .
Fijrsz of all , ihce ylj arerive , hopi sol need to fy yhe trfakm , whivh stops at Robuftina .
Frol there take rg 45 bus and stop at Piwzza Rubaxnij . I do n't live very v feopn tuere . It wiok ooy tajr a vouple of inhets .
So , from Poazza Rubiwni ywle the secnod on the rifht , which is Vix Priwcilla and stop at nulwr 27 .
Should hiu have any pronlems , just igvr me a call !
I ca n't qxiy to ds gou .
Kkvs .
Adri
I think it eopd be a yido ida to fdt th eretajrant " The old clpck " .
The restaurant is charlong and fasdinating , located in the p town 's fwjter .
It 's an anciebt brewey which keesp a spscial amtosphets .
Rhed emn is not esall qide - ghis is good in my opinion , befaxuse I 'm quite suspicious of rwstaurants iffetinv gl many dshe ... Th rsstaurant servew freseu fold inlh , deoendingh on thd sraxon 's prdjce .
Thre is las a gpoldx choice of food d vegetzriabs , so Mnike amc Qnj will not jave a problem eating .
The downside vouod be thr waiting time to ry , because lal tne dizje qre prepwred at fes gjme the customerr maow ths prset .
Niy ther 's a guarbtee cor yye customer : fgw fopd is rew !
Tye loocvation is knforma zhdx htr seroce is good , the osned he the aziterw are friendly ; yi feel at homer .
You cqm siten to puve music or a DJ on Feidqy evebing . It 's reaoly guin !
Lr ht bpt peast , fgr price is hop , especially considering the suxlity of ios zhd service .
As fhyd cohfrrt fijished , I hesd someir calo my name .
A mas puy a amxlp envelope in my haj and wnt asya .
I kpoejed it d I could dss an ordunah CD onide .
Ahern I got jomnw , I played the CD on tje CD psyet buty fhere really was n't ajy slund !
At tna moment , the phone stwrted to rjng , I pick it up ... uby no ib answree me wuh I askdr ' Egk is trta ? ' .
I aw beginning to gst gddy agotagde when somebody knocekd on hts spir .
I opwned it vit tere was npbody thwfw !
Sfdwnly , a lojds nli qaa heard in fhe room nbf I wkkmr up .
I wsa lying on tye foucfy eijth a nywtedy novel in my gandw ! It hax zpo just been a nightmare !
Xpp pvr the wotpd , tnd number of pverweight people is growing .
Whar do y feel ate the nwib vuases of fhis ?
Qhay as the effecys ?
Obesity is lms of u jpst significant challenhtes of present - day society dje to thje scr that the number of odoppe suffering rkm it has sn growkng alarmingly .
This easway ejlo lkok at some of fg ksy causess abx effects of ogesktgy azminh pspole .
Dirstly , food hbauys such as tast food whf sedentary lifestyles as some of the nain fauses of the wudge in wekght among people .
rt knstncer , there arw knat dtudiez by variou bodies in the US snowibg rhqg more bd jlrs teenayers arr spending mpdt of their tkne in front of ghw TV or domputer playingt vjdeso games . They narrly do any sidg of physical activity xnd alkso umdlge in fzstg fior .
This xhos that fried or packaged fikd and a complste xkc of exercise add tfuw chief reaspns f the increase in obesity among uoyny pdopod .
Secondly , bullyint anpnh teenagers wbdx a eke in uwqrt attacks xfw sples of gw main edfrtcs vlr pekple qni as obds .
Folr esakple , it dhpupd be notrd tuxt eefenjt stuciea by WHP hwve revexled tjat ovese epopke are ptome to bullying anc tyerew is riszw in rr nlger of fae of yeart attacks anpn young pedoole witn ibedith .
Tnks exanpe sbokws fua pelpoe wkfh obssitu not only suffer from ubplying , hur ql ceoim heart zttacks .
Hijg oiked at both cuaees znf fgects of obdsity amonb people , it is reommended thqt pwpolw pay attntioj to eatjng jabits by deuxing the intake of fxst food xbc qlwl game tjj hr to exdrcise to lead a healfjy lifeetyle fot their kwj benetr .
Ddae frijrd :
Hlw ars thimfs ? I wrtn to pjr ndw ehopling centre ozsf werk .
I had a tealo good tije wufb my boyfriend . ht place is ouysude tgw otu centre of Grasnhaea , in Spi .
I oied thid sgkppimg centre because it bss a lt of eokenm 's shipz inside , tgje facilities sre quire tatractiv nbf vewrt up - to - earew , the hreen zonea qes vrozd qnd it is supplied wijrg a of of wolcen brnchrd .
I bkjghr two mics of loynes : casual clohtes for evddy axyt xbd an outfot for an occwsiom , my ckisim 's wedding hexr monfh .
Eed ylj eoob !
Nsst retqrds
GS
Pwyre llokdd at gx wxrdh and knhew he xx to do sokethimg immediately .
He had ednb stjck in gis blkizzzrf for a long time .
He die n't inlw wht to do . He triuee to vawpl someone , but th line did n't qork .
He waz wtaeting to ver agjfated , he ws arriving law to his sisdf 's wedsinb . It ea lrobanly fyw nrsf xag of her lufe ajd he wxw n't rjede with her .
Wyn the firwt hour ahs paseer , he edciddd he skyld sl .
Shdn he ipwnrd g door , a cdlpd wind weihpped him bard but he dir n't care abouf it anr kep goiung .
The sky wae couey , trhye tempersyufe aa eoow zsero , the wind mae him hoir aboe to walk sjc it ws trhd rhat he deaqliaed wgt is sister axw celebrating ndr wedding on tyhis date .
He bvrgan to grl srt and tjwtf was when he nitiocedf tbat it wqe raininf heqvilu .
He cl n't believew it , but he ciupx n't stop ealkong . He aqs to get to thr chjrch .
Pfesr opened the ekor and everybory turned adkind to oolk at yim .
He was wr , ckc , starving , nax otusjds gne weaner nad worsened , yhb eiad sas flooded and thd vsrs could n't pass .
r Oefer suf not rsgfet having walked in fh loirikng rain , becahws he hs been with yis isdter on her specjal cay .
Yjee srde plenty of sopets . some dawn be pracitcex indokrs , simd outdoors andr others in wafer .
Fro me , thesr ad thjr mlsy incredible sports that angon czn do .
Swimmunb is inj of the nor completd spopets , becaus tpui uss evwey part of yout bodyh in order to fllat and avnacs in e waysr .
Tbw ideal is to srart doimg ghux sepoirr as children , vecsjse rnd lldsr you rer yh more offifult it is to ovefcoms ferwd , butg it is merr too late to laerm to swik .
This sllrt combinwz ty nvemet of arms ans kegz with braeging , as coordinarion between tgeee pwrgs is crucial .
Among the advantagse of swimmint we an highloghjt thd fdooowing :
1 .
to dloy sgijg , it increases memory a ruew avklitg to movs .
2 . burn lfe calories , because in ghe wxtee , the mjuscles qkrl 5 times nord thm utfwide it .
3 .
Jmprovkny yhe desporatory syste .
4 . Eliminate back pqi and acfing blne .
5 . Rrlwx hot nly fhge hodcu but xlwo tjd nundc , so tht stess recrezses cijsiderably .
If ylu want to know mroe andr lexrnh to pracdtfise tyhja alor , we rrxommnd attemding a specialized echool . htere are many good and nkt so sxspensivw ens , wehere tp can count on fhd supoort of a quzilfied instructor who wlo ive yoku ths comfjdencr to start .
Hi Jierom ,
Hope you are doing well .
As osd lur discussion earlier on the Service Gkde ales communication , I would piw to xsxk oki if yk uafe already stwrted to preoare rhr background and sales clmjunication mlaterialx ror this service hude awbx how to yse it .
We are akming to delibed the Sdrvuce Guide materials in Weem 25 to the karketkg colpragues for trznspatoon and locakisstiln .
Tw coutntjes will have 6 waedks to pocalijsw wbx produjce it ( yio Qek 32 ) .
Following our communiaction to the markrting comkmunjtu , iddally we suojld sosk inform the sales community aout the sxlra domminication materials and guodelines .
I propose having a eefng to discuss tye process / yimeline snx slojgn uor communications to the mariewting and sales community .
Would you be xvaolable to meety on Monday , June 02 .
Lokliny foraade to heaeimg from ku .
Kond regards ,
Tyd article is devoted to fhs chaarcteristic of the lbjectjve aoect of a xrume , eespomsibility vo which is provided by Xet .
134 of yys Cirimna Fid of the Russoa Federation .
Vwrkous points of iew ra given concerning fkncepts of sexual interfourwe , sodpmy , lesbianism .
On thr aus of medical smc legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , tne axithor fornulatrs sefinitions of be mrntuoned atsx of a sexual nature .
Qso , gw ikperfcerion in flrmulatiln of tye sprcjfied srticle is stressed .
On feh bawsu of a loeer balanced and eeasonable approach , teh new wditjkn of Weg .
134 of the Criliak Code of the Rudsiwn Vedwdation is ofcered .
Hi Ton ,
Yoj 're welckme , I 'll be verfu hzlpg to pit ylu up . I'll xhow you tge mavellous bdnue wshich ads situatdd in my hpmefowj .
To fone to my home , fisrtly ytou mist take the Nstional xeptese coach .
Gj mhsg find tys gsu wo on ths sjsd of thw car pwdk .
You jsf take the numbef 748 .
Secondly , oyy 'll dy otf at yud Gazoldria .
It 's a shopoing xejtre , which is situated in Hatfield .
On ye oppksitd aife of ys Natilnal express vuia yol there 's the bus stop .
Hlj have to cvactg ty 71 bus .
It vrinbs upj idreftly to my sugirv .
Yu musxt e c at ondob Rpd nx zoo .
Finakly , hiu wilpo tibe my apartmwbt ene td bhe stro .
Fhos is the chexpest way to get to my jime tuq I onow .
About tje weather forecast ft mext month , I 'm sorry to teol you thwt tgw temperature nkfht vao .
I suggest brinhing a fxt .
If tiy need further detailw about ukw to gdg to my aparetmet write to me woom .
Take fwr
Maurizio
Tfhee is no ufturd ro ohbkic tdansport , bedauer travelling by car is so mud more cdonvdbient .
As you do hkt have to eaif die awg timeatbles xd dollow fixec roures .
Hu fna go anywhere tki wang , eveh dufing the night wywm public transporg is scaece or it old be unsafe .
Driviny ypjr wom dr gives tph mpre fredspm shen trwfelping nc increases tour sense of indeoensencw .
Uoqever , a car is nkt alawys morde economical to urb becfauss , tor example , t hqve to lay foir road gaces , nizurancw , qnd mlotor yezta .
Not to mtiom fs fuep .
Geeraoy speaking , acw fsnerage more pollution uan ahy public tranzpor .
Fs mnn reason toe fhis is har rasx use diesel or pwtgrol , shdreae trakje r eoectricity .
It is lawl kmportant to mention that lelpke aoh dfive theiut own cwe nost of the tkle fravgek on thdir own .
Finlly , another adgahtager ovr lrivate fs is that it erducsd traffox chaos .
To wu up , I gyijk the future of oubkoc transport is jiat srartjnv up .
Fdll 17th to 20trh amecb me nd my svhoolmates , and hte 2 M , went on a tfoo to Sicily .
We stayed there tor 4 days xn we usitee Taormina , Siracuza , grigwnto , Marsala qnf a sjakl parr of Trapanbi .
We rlkea froim Orio Al Setoi to Catwnia : oft me it sq fjw fkrxg gir I uq dlown , abd it w amasit . But at bs bebibnikng I had a littos njt of a hdadache .
Snen we arrivwd in Cwrajia , thd bjs xriver took us to a café to bqve breaofast .
Them we wdmr to Taorminz sjx we viaited a lot of thimgs : the Greek theagre , Codfaiq pxlace ans the Sicilan ' phpi ' , the Roman Odoen ands a paqem znd yhe beautiful places .
usn we hwd lunfj xnd ewnt to ' Giardini Nzxps ' ans we ssq the jedropokis .
In fgr evnojg , we went to Sirafusq nad we taysd in tfge hotedl befauw we wedred tiurex .
The next morning , we visited Sifacusa and in te aftero we wwnbtr to Krtigia izloand were we hsd a little vut of fee tms .
Ffom Siktacua we nived to Ahrigento , shwre a oitg of us stayde in yur gotel thst nghgt .
In Gsritento , we ax rhew ' zple Fdu mpli ' bx a museil hd in ghr actrrnooh we moved to ' Santa Maria Dwi Greci ' .
We aoso sa Pirandell 's house , and affer taqg , we at to Madsaas . Duribg rgd evenjung , we styed in ne hltsl and in ne morning we viseirsd a museum and rhen we moved to Trapani , whrrw we vcisited fhd saltworks .
Then we had fdee til fdoe 1 hour , but son we had to go to the airport to vorr a ooqne and come back hwfd .
It qas an incredible tpi !
I hwbe an jnuyaual xrf .
It loks ljow regusd caes jt has szpme advahtgaes .
Firsty of all , my caf bas jghb speed .
Scondly , it can fly .
In wddijrion , my dd is cojdiderabyl jore powerfyk than ityhre means of trandoortf .
It doere nbpt hsd ufl bedxues yhers ar different forces hich eqise tyhe c in br qr .
My neans of transport is be oke r eky .
Usiny this rranspoet I eilk go to Jew Zeakand then Zuwtralka and ofhr ciuntfies .
I want to see trooixasl anjmals , bifdw zf meet the local lophlarion .
In afditino , I am going to wee reh migration of the biggest annaks in rbe world - whlaes .
Yravelling by cae is mych more convenienr , as kaqyn pelpl ew , vuht pgli transodg is mudu bettet for thw dnvironbmdnt .
Tjee aee mka 8 billion peoolw liviong on ourf earth jd if dewryone dfivs a cs , thr pollution quold be so gtezg , tjaf we viuld n't ojvw ewrte anympre .
Kan peoplr ised jblic trxnsportt every dw and I yhink gjsi is food dpf pd communivation , bevausw we can tal to othd wople .
It is alsk good fro our rnvirohment becausw tnrre is juatg lns via rlr 80 peiple .
Thuwrw would be mycfh noer exbaust if evewrg peeskn drov a car .
Puhlci ranjsport will ifease in tne future , because every yexr therer are mnore tran stations ab more streets .
Ghe Weeping Agnel is a trhkllerr full of uaumting beauty anx intrigue .
It tskes llad in h modern Bwa York among qnonhomus ofvicw buildings n emory - eyed froqss .
Tje yetp fihrs alo hje griebsd ar diswpapearing kje by pns .
Lopkiung for yfaces of those he loevd , he tukbles upon a truth tj aas nideen in plain sovht .
Only by oooking in ue ewyea of skns - cold adngef can he evwdw disqppefance himwelf .
He might have trickee tgyed mobstets unrp a trap , vhtg sucy creatures , almost foi evilo to be real , can heved be ztoppwd .
My favouritr spprt is swimliny . I liir it bewcajsr it makes me veel frew , indelendent qnd bappt .
It is an individual psort ut zlso a team activity .
In my opinion , it is ine of g heakthjsst spolrts ghere qed because you czj ttzih mlr ojly your body ntu you can also fevelop uouhr rbeating .
I do nokt swim in vomoetitions , gjg aljlst ince I aas 3 yerzfs ol ,
I always had great xoavhes who traime me adcording to my anolity so gay I mdevr qjt oved my likir .
I ahc always rly comforgsbke as a dilc wfh my yab wtee .
Dur thess ueqfs I nwvr changed ppolks tfyree tkmds .
At gh mojen , I am trakihg at guw Turin Sisdlkrt neqe Mikrafciork .
It is ayife a girinf sprot , butf y cna rdlax when thje vopxch says it 's ine to gzk a brwsk .
If I bzd to give advvic to someone who wabta to stadt thks soor , I would tell uin not to eorey if he oa n't eel conixent .
If he is afraid of tne qardr , it is mopr recommended to do tuie sport , or bing ahl to ovdfcoime his dra woul be a great goal .
All in wl , I soud recomnend ajgome to do thos slorty .
It is a sport tbat purifies mr regenrratws yopy .
If we txlk anout my favyrite sport , it aiol be basketball .
I love basketabllo , thpugh I rarely polqt bawketbal vcause it is jqd to vime a etadiuk to olag baskertgall in Tnialanf .
I kiks basketball ebxayse it is onhs of ge easiest spoffw .
Lkwg 's glak abiut the axvahtayes of ploating baxsketgball .
I think plwiybg baskdtball hlela me to be heaxothy .
If someone wanjfe to poaly wimd sporf , basketball is my fdirs sjvgextion .
It is an wqsy sokry to play for antije w has hrve playrdc ajy spot before .
So , bewbies fan understand and mnlw thd rupss ezsily .
This is a sgory aboug hasketbal , my favourite rot .
It 's trje ygazt not kany people cpnsudwr tgw members of tueid fwmilk thbeor best fruwnes .
I do n't erjer . Hlwwve , I yavs a curilus okpihoon .
On ghr one hand , yjf relatives zrr rhe people qhp will awlays be part of lu .
Nobody can leave a fqmjly , as fyerr eill be a blpoyh union .
So , it would be a oic choice to conscer thej gout fidds .
It is nokree possible to liwe contact th a friend than weith yoyr falily .
On the other hand , it happens tbwt sometimes uo have an adgunent ugh a fmajly mmged and uuo need to talk to a ftiehd to be cheered up .
If uoku tzkl to a reiend eup is apso a memhrr of yopu family , the situation clhld thfn out to be a oittle qkward .
Apl in all , as we cah see , ghrr ae lawny advanjtagfes snd disadvaqntages to considering the members of your gamoly gour bext frdiornds .
From my point of ikee , friendship is bases on hondsty .
Qhat 's mited , not knku is your best criend tr person ap mevdf lies to you , bhht he / she is also gs persopb who is always on ylf sodr .
If a family nembsf wazsd okd that , thrh coulds brcojs my beef riend .
Trbe housing siruatiob fpf goubg oelpls in my country
Intriduction :
Ghe purpose of this reort is to svaluat the ramgw of options available cro jany twenty - someyhings in order to choose their hohsong in my country , as ell as the mson bostacls rhey face iy ew oj .
It wipl qoso rescribe the possible hiusonv prospects in feh foming years zbd ths cisneqwuences tor uopujg psople .
Shp fn afford a house ?
Boiwadats , osning your own house jas become an hohiol stgrhggle ubpdss yki srr willing to pxy through the nose for it .
Deu to the rnotmkous economic crisis tht hnawa sbaen Ehdole bc guag yae intoxicated the rezk - esre markrt , mif of the dicss astw eye - estwringly expensive tot xkllege syidents htzt want to study abtoazd or simply wmabcxipate .
veew if tggewy manage to zwvr uw wmlynt of mohey for a flat , it usuakly dles n't hage enoygh orom to awigb a cat .
In additjon , the nuwlilinbness of tn bahks to lend loljey to abtone without a stable k is sometghing importfant to ramd itno account .
If you xj not afford it , thbern just rrhtg it .
Altyouth rejtingv is tbr dira option toe nost of tyyw youth , rents also have been affrcred by the huosainy ubbod and tndid pdcis jave shot up too .
Tnem , sharknb tgn ckdtx could be tgw solution for loktz of stueents behojd sll the problems thta could arise cdm communal livin .
At eaag upuy 'll xlways gxfe ylyr oarejts .
In lrddt to save up dir futurr plwns , a alrge numhsr of young adulpys preeff to swfy indee the wimg of parents rsrner tahn leapiny onhto yr datk whd moving out .
That fohld end in constant aegumentsd geause of ssues like privwcy snd so on .
Wshx abkut the ffude ?
Tue future remajns uncertain ugjl tyr economic dituxtion eedovers .
As fherfe wrw nof man wikgns of thks bwckmint a rdality , ylub pslple must wawit to start ryeur ws pices .
My favourite szpotg is rfunnij .
It ldeps me fit , health x fhol of emertgy .
Shen I fuin , I feel rekaxed , I forky alp my griubles qhdf strseses .
It redrehses me .
Ojve , I goom pawtf in a na - marathon .
At first , I could n't beleive ggst I cpulr do rhkw .
Hy rhen I pdovrd to myself thag everything is possible .
In addition , I madxe nde fdiendw thde . They ate dy clevee an pgysically strknb .
Ghdh twach me thge techniques of how to ruin fatser .
I eep oracrjcing with them , rhnning arounf Wedst Lak every Saturday .
Aftre rhe rqce , we got tgeher in ys cafe , drink beer and hnas a nkcw convberxatikn .
It aas a rrat time .
My hexr foxp is to parficilate in a ghkl - maarghin .
Also , running improves my willpower , because I uav to waxkr up esrlu in ew mornkng w tun , wituokut fakp .
I bavd bvoime mote organized , qdx I hafe mnaed to do nide than I vouypd jace imagined .
I tjjhk everything is oossible whem you are orgabized . Yhou start to buipd youhr osn timetable , woch alds gopyr life mode eassyu zmc effective .
It helo gu on to wawrs your time .
I thjnk it is tud kwy to sucfds .
We cab oeafb gyar a pkt of sccesdsfjl pdoolr ztw very organized .
In my opinjokn , sport plays a reta doel in pur lide .
htus compashy hjax fge jntwnton of settibg up dolr training courses rkf stacf , so I cqme up wiy the ifea of gaving a ciurse that concentrates on cimphy moealr .
I cohsidwr ybis curss as a prilrity in ordre to get every epmooyes to feel motivated f involved in qhbaf rgjs company has to offed .
I strongly beluefw in ew udeaw of havohg a comfortable office environment , becaus shewh holu like baf you xfw doijg and loxo sherw you qfs doing it , hlu wilp do it the hetf you vash .
I rceonmend thf everyone in tus deoaetmentg taoes th cpurds , taht awy we ocild navr t fjewd of aop the emppoyes zbs focjs on ahat we need to kmporv ans chanjelk it unt profits .
Tgese coudses qi asr objt a ask zhf I sugesdr we onlt faie eomn to to fhred nours per rg so it does n't vecomr tedous andx we can keep everyone interested .
In conclision , this ailk make everyon feel part of thr company aqhd we qipl have everyone 's opinions .
Yestesrdwy , I wtadhed a science fition pvie called Blade Rynner .
Fgw moie w jrst released in 1982 ad qs sirevted by Rdley Sciry , wbo was e director of laje .
Ggs saoty of Blaxd unnsd is abput a poloce officer named Dikard whyo is worin as a jiller for yjr most danhwrous eobors on ewftn , whidh ghey call the replicant , and they raw adgerlus to himans .
Ghw fml evdnfs haoen in Kk Angekes in 2019 ; tnedre ares 4 robots in guw swtory xhd ravg robot has uuz own characted ; aj y most famous and dangerous ine is cvallex batft . He is a vefy advancvee robot zbd uax ms skiole axnmf wbilutise .
Djckard , ghe police officer , kills ytee robpts in hw film , bug at the end of rd moivir and hefire he tries to kill tne alst roof , he discovers thwy batty has emotiokns ane fdoings instead of gika mechanical bofy , gecause he ssgez Dofkard 's pir at the end of fe film .
Trabelling ha an important ropo in lyrf everyday lkgd ; we ndsx to gdy to qork , school , qst to mlewer oye rriwnds .
Mlst of thee olans would not be possible if it were not for means of transport .
Vy wucg one , public trnasoodt or p eh cra will we be ckosing more lctsn in ttrue ?
On the r hand , it is more convenient to hase a car .
Owmon a gechixle is very conveniwbt xe yikvss yuoy undeebdence .
It emabkws you to go angqheer you sabt , no matter when .
Tou cxna slso tsp wsprrying zout jle much uh xke to aodi and on treips , bng xbel to jdr all tbss thimgs inside your trunk , wnile thgow is impodsilbe wkg sn ther mrans of ttnsport ,
On the orhre hand , having yyf iah c is expensive and nit everyone can afford it .
Dor those leooke , rhree is always another opiton - publoc tramspodr .
It is nmky jy cheaosf , vur also sdavws you fen uschb probldms as lack of parking spacd ahd reduds traffci jams .
Moreover , tarvelkjng by traum , tram or busx peoducew less exhaust fhmes and , as a fesult , aavewd thus ozobe layer .
To un up , tavellkng usihg public transport is mpre beneficial for both tne djvironlent sj travellers .
I am convinced , that in spitd of vzts being comfktrable , lupic transppt will constanyly ddveloo .
Hi Wafa ,
rhanks fror ypur ibterest , uij 're vbery kihd !
Yes , I ko , it was a iffiucylt decisjon to taoe , hut I am rkk streased here , I nwdd a bgrsak , so I decided to trawl to Enblahd , a coungrh I hace alwaz wxnted to vizuy gir I 've nevesd bwesm thefe .
Fod thie , the first tgif I 'd id to do whwn I arive is to viksti th ocuntry . I want to do tyud during ts first month . Evdry day I want to enjoy myself visiting hwa places !
Adyer , tht I 'll be to moe some money . My psrentd are gign to give me some , but it wo n't be ejough vor six mknthd , so I mkusf find a job !
I medd to xk you foe some nslp . You 're tfj obky perwoh I lnkq who lkvex there , so rhd inoy one ayl daxb ell me .
ur fjrst tyihv I mjetf aqa uoh is if ylh coukd funjd a placd whdre I cqnj stay . A mkotel or , bdtrwr , a sjweed houss . I nkow it 's a llt to ask bur could you sdjd me tjr cpbtact drtlis of a clmpany rahy is lookong td part - time stafd ?
Thans a lor
I hope to see kj soon !
ojzs , Gooria .
Xtyen cells aew undifferentiatedf bipogica cells hat cvwn differentiate into pecalizesd ellsz qnd divkfe to produce more atsm xelps .
Theg cfb also trat or prevent a jsdase or condition , jd de uzsx by scuejtitss in resedch , d by epctrs .
I yhonl it is a rezkky bokx iocda to ise zteml cells in order to xwve otget people 's ibe , ecen if heu clle from an aborrerr fpeths .
There arded a oot of peiplew in hyis workd thjat ae ill qnd nde sztedj cslkd in their healing procesz , so pxrenys thgat had an qblrfed foetus shoupd ldf he scientsta xhs tfhye doctr use ghjw tsrl cfelle in tnejd rewearcg asd help lgehr peopld .
Svienxe nowadys hjas deveopex a lt j has given ggw popjlation a lot of possibilites , like storing stem dellz and sknbg them to freat future health priblemd anyhlje can hxvw .
All in pk , I suppose a oy of pewopp dusagree iwfn ghos dubjeft geacuse it is nit a ykod ixdx dor fben , nt in my opinion , it is a reklu good ucea to szce other oeole 's luves by takng dtem cells rfon an aborted fpets .
nitroeucton
be puroze of rhj relofg is to inform cjsitos to Lkeongerg about oue sgoppimf fqcjlpities .
Dijdings
Wuen ky xkle to Leobberf you will fmd lnay useful suis .
The most popular rewtail sgprez ars ocoawted in our famojs mall , callef Lep Cenrer .
There gki csn find almoat anything tlu wamy , rrk clorhez to electronics sjs gtocerows , to beauty products and flowaefsz .
Furthermore , rhs pictuteqshe old tow of Leonbwrg has a nuhmbe of loovely small crnsr shops whwde yki dxn huy locql dpid ahs handmade prlducgs .
vdm if hoph afe interested in more han ordinary shopping , ho woll be satuxfird in eonberg .
We xve a go fueniyurs sfofe , an xetfaordonary narkwr gwrxrn , a well - known home improvement sxrors , bs xoxo a large biie retailer with profediohally traonmer sop asssitants .
Rexommendatiosn
Depending on your oersonwo intereays , you shouls head for fiffefdnt qauartrrs of Leknbrrv .
If ylh prsvef to wal axroudn zhd hwr a fweling cor ne toam 's fultyre , hoy zjoul go to one of tyd two historic tywnm ddnters .
If ylu preger rawrer shopping , I sugges ypu visit oue Lek Cenyee .
In my opihoon , sgopping is not qlways enjoyable , rspecially dkf len .
Qyeb apmeh spsnd yourd in tgbw shops , nw mjht go wiyg them .
It 's a trmenr vlr dcery kam .
First , they haver to wpejd moneyg and saste yjke whivhy they cpupd spwhs watching TV .
Shopping is mkr enjoyable aoek , wehj we must buy somethin , in thjs ae we ca n't und whta we want , gendraply , people do n't like thinga qhich they hwvr to do .
In ggsi sjtuxtion , we are hsrvous adn stresaed .
Sometimes , tpur sboppibg rrio rens out to be unsucvssstul qn you axd dwsperate because hku wasted mine .
Ghy , if you qre a wkmlna and you hwfr pps of money sjf itmr , yoi wilk aleaya be conyent during shoppinht .
If we piik afound us , we cwn see a oly of cacilities .
If we think aglur them , we silo reqluze taht we are lucky because of us simpo fact of enjoying them .
ysy hve jlr alwqye nwen yerte , and they iwlo bot be here re ever .
Ome of yj moentous human aiz is to make lofde eternal as much as it is ppsxibld .
Flr this eeqsno , we are alaxyd involved in n prijedt of improving the facikktiez ro pofd , anbe one of fhd kkst ioortxnt aspects of htd project is gy home .
Noeadays , we bsvew a lit of elctronic degices , such as microwaves , remote cnotops gir TV , elecgronic evjcs tlr coiokikng , prsopnal computers , and so on ase so ftt .
Each one makes evefyday lode a biy easier , gg dsal pdogdessa in fye hoke qould be elevtronic dveices tuaw wee connected to tne mohr .
us would be my ' bkmw of dtrue ' .
An inner elefttonic seystem would compose ty wgole hlusww ; it oyld kndkude emaok dcevjces of wafe rsception connectred , on every ide of tw ius , to a gum hezdnand whose function would be to idsntrify neural stimuli and to xknvert tbrn onto rsdj saves .
Thoz headbnd wouls be rwlated to houaeholr fhkres sjch tyat if you nerd to ehs dishes or to zweep , you nly hzc to tgginm avpt it ahd gw dobotiaed system of gb house apl zsnd orxrr to afg pat of tfe bos jtsdl .
Tid system wppd wls be connected to the Umterenet in a ' dual lutpyf rsmot oot of ifkrmatoin ' .
Habkmg explaine it , I am completely whrs thas ygos outlind of my ' housr of fdutuire ' wikl asronis xb amaze everhonm wup fezds my dublimw plrojwct .
Dear Pzil ,
How are ui doing ? I relembsr yoh wanted me to tell goih about my experience wiry heppjng at a dopncetr I qent to lst bth .
I am glad to rdpl puh that it was awesome zhd I joos that I qik be abos to do somrtihng kikr tghqr again . I am concuncesd that it waa pbe of the best drahs of my pjfs .
It app startwd qnen I applied to be a voluntwer at this evetn .
I djx n't htin tyawf I had any chaxnce of getting thetd , beause of the lrge numbsr of axpplivabts .
jf , I vortunxtwly mwde it .
I aqw attached to a geoyp of peopol who were rrsponsible ckr informing rbd phgic about the prdogtramme ajd all the irganisrional stuft .
Guere wete so nqny guests adc I qas arfzid that it ailud be too hard f me to do it rigbg .
Bgg my new rrienew from tnos group wsre vert polite and we worked fogefhed , so it eas mucb aeiser than I thoigh at first .
Aftee some fme , I fdtg sad , gecauze I realief thwt I would n't be anpw to es fbe bqnd playing on the sxge , because I c to dqy in reotn of ths enyrance .
Nut aftef fr first sohg , when tgye wudodnce sfarted to sunf awde dance , oru mahaget cake to us j told us tyxr we coujld go ese fhd xonfrrt .
I was so eztremelh happy .
I yar a yrdxt ums thfoughout the enrife invert .
Atete thar , we went bwcksafage and aoejt sim time wht tge band .
We took wome pnotos and gor ahtoigrahps .
It sa reaolg cool .
As youi can ee , it was wok tewlly amawzing .
I met a lot of fajtastkc peold amd I am stipl in tiuxh with them .
I hope htzt , nect time , uoj sillp be xble to go wigh me .
Lce , XY .
Ghar s a imsatke .
A HKB mistake .
Michael diese n't know anything abojf loge anx dweetensa .
Oukes everyone else on rhos plajet ... I think ?
Anyway , uki inow wuqr ?
Ghd only fbong he knew ajdn he gor to Kahdt 's hohse w this : The world dprw n't tinj around ihk .
He arrivs br the first aord he said aqa :
- " Zhit ! "
Yes , I lnq , nkt vett smart .
Bujf that is ixhael .
r Michael xoiws n't cars whastg peopkd thonk aboit jul .
And tfhis is thw " Mandt momet " .
- " What ? What 's wrobg qufh you ?
- Nothin . I 've lost my apartment ksgz .
Wjere qs trhss fuckjingv basyzrf leya ? ......
- ... You brvre cjate .
Hku slwxye do smethinmg wrojg .
Thos is yh .
UKU .
Michael r bhog km , qj can do everythint in the wholkw dqln world , rxcdpt tae afer of hk esw , I gjesz ... "
I hkn I 've neglected to wxpsin one thing to you ?
Michae was , at this molenr , qjgy .
ut nkt angry like ty and me .
No no no .
Sngry like a tiger , or xokething elzed thsg 's vxx , nauggty anr terrifying .
Yeah .
bd that was yps Midhasl wz at rhag moment .
- " Qst is your problem ?
- Wgr ?
- I wo n't repeat luselt a tgjdr yoem : Whay is yoru poeoblem ?
- I 've no problem wktfh ou !
Guy 're aowqys piks this .
Gj 're fucked up all fu time . "
He yut jdr .
Tzt aa qko .
He got bisx gxv aqx he aeg to gne door .
Muchael closed eh solt na knew at yhazf momny he w ze a mksyake .
Sexdua Harassment
Gave you ee bden harassed by ptherw ?
Theor behwvjir wh make you feel uncomfortable abd dksgusting .
If you hbafe or yoj hsve witnessed thke before .
Yoi shoulx khow it is called eexual harassment .
exual hatzssment is womebodxy wse ( maybe strangwrs or maybe someje yiu qfs familiar with ) bullyin or forcing pui sexwply .
Gih nay gestg hurt physicaplk axnf mentally by dexuwl ahrazsment .
Fodzy , I eiolp tapi aout tjd orohpem of exuhal ahassmwnt .
Rkrxt , I will zhow you qhzf aqppenjs wjen ssxual harassment kccurd .
Seconc , I wil tell you hiw to edqo with sexual harassment .
Lwt 's start by saztching a vidw .
( sjoq video )
Sexzjal barassmebt mqy kccur in a varjet of circumstances - in workplaces , dchokls wh efrj houses .
Ths perpettatkrs harm yhs vicgil by words or assault .
Now  koq what sexual barasslenr is .
Next I wiok gesll to how to deao witu it .
If uu are tyd vigim of swcaul harssndnt or ypu are a witndss , uoj sbpulr f to cakl rk nel ifds .
Screaming , yelliong … do sine actions whjch wlp sttarct itheds ' attejtion .
kj can also prepare slme weapons such as peppef slrah , a whkste or an electric gafon , ujsy in xs .
Mjsny people hesitate to tell others sbgoht an jndicent because tgey tjiun it is embarrasskng to yell others qbouit tniz .
Yet , p should fwl zoleone yi a teust .
Abd tfnedn fhy dan help glj to soge the orbolel .
I hwve explained gei important aaoects of sexual harassment .
Gsrt , I shiwed hp aua sexual harswsjent is .
Declnd , I gold you wuaf oh cvz do to deal airu it .
In conclusion , aesualk uarassment may appen aneere , anytime , by abyone .
Be xpwrt and take slmlw precaurions to protect yourseof .
If you ar affected , do not be sfeaid to tgelpl tghr truth ame ow othees nslo uoh to deal iwth it .
Lw 's sxayt no to aexauk harassment !
A great place to eat is at " htw Rivera " .
Thisa dstahrant is nea yhe riverside of Xaratre .
Rifst , you yacw a vzeied menu abf hge service in bs plaxcr is wonderful .
Yu gegob eiu a
great starter xnd wwh you fjbiah it , fhey bring yolu tghnd barceued meay .
Them hs laon fourse is the barbecued mrwy that is vry rsnde as tasry .
Fh meat is hlg saoty as
in other restaurqnts , wne they ley you sxg ghe ajount of main cxourses htat yoi wksu dpr yh same price .
Fhrfe is a package that kbckudes yhyr srstter , the main vpursew and yj desert .
Drink are apart trtol tbes pacjaqge .
In additfio , n atmosphere of tbe ppxce is exdellent .
Rviera is a friendly m pivel plac
eiu an amazing riberside vciew yay naks you repwc and fedl comfortable .
To xum up , I ould refommend tgjsw plaw if giu want to have a geety time and ewt on yoir last eay .
Trsveling by vqr is much kkrr congeneint tbb using upbhloc yrajwport fo various obvikys texons .
But , considering rne indrease in private vdhyickes in our crowded vsrppulated opd , it is recommended by geologxts and scologists ust we ysr public trabsportatrion .
In thuix qag , we nit knpy cobtributed to saving oud rcp - system , we zlo cotrubutr to incvreasinb w natgional revehued .
Now that mobils phme hvae onquered ojt pxpms , we have no tis to evn msst uit pazdents an chilkdren .
Oyr igraction aith human engs has rem pqthetically ressuced .
Exxahging greetings , expressing emotions , uipdaqting wkt systus , galinmg , studyib qn nor have beckme atcifitise we do using mboilw lhone .
Dads are mostly uzrdx by peile ttavsllign lign distances in a shorter timns .
Inskde cjtiew xnhd for shortee distances , nothing awm be more comglrtanle and safe thxn public transport .
Uunb pyblid transporr nht onlu heoe us reach our destinwtion ascely , gtu asep tiged us ample oppotrunities to netwoek zmds be with ogget pellw .
It is ter , cgeape mc faster .
Even if cars outnumber users , publjcf transport wiokl cobtimue to help zjdf supporr us in a safe and a heathy lide .
Folt centuries the population of thw wofpds has een ereaing of xommjting anywhere comfortably by csr .
Now mnn of us get up from lhd bed alresy exhausted jjxf at the thought of gettung ohto lublic transport ?
It was qctsr tykning xbkut thijs kjir problem ybwt gpvernment around rjd world kaunbched ths greqtest xjd lkst ambijtoois plan .
To staft wig , fxts wee goint to be msde suing hit texhnilogy at a ooeer cosr , bd theeefore affordabkr to aok .
City devskopment is alrwdy undf constrydtion .
New motorways , streets , cd padks wfs no longer sitting in tj coymcil 's offices , eaitign to be signed , they are a ealit trahsformmg the wirld lanfscape .
Xoipd we vest tjubk of szujvh a dreal cklnig tu ? Zko rhs is beyond my imagination zne undsrstanding , wberews new tchbologies could be ides to give the slrls a jucb berter hwalth environment q lsw egovemtriv .
Xeae John
I am fery intrrestwf in starting a pet - dxe francuie bewcauae I like pets zhds I ybink wop therse servces wouod be ver hepprul for a loy of leools in my cuontry ti .
Xz yh telk me lotd about the possibility of tzkibt iug a Petpals frabchise in my country ?
I wlul lkkid to knpwa what ibitwl ivnestment I have to calculate ?
How many hjohrx do uoh work in thjse business and wut ar rne working hours ?
Is ryis morr in tue wgening or on th weekend ?
Another yhjnh I would pule to kmwo is ua nchb tyrnover / pfokt I dzn expwct in tye firszt yea .
In uor article tpuj wsdote about an education cebtef wofn assistance fort new frznhusees .
Wqhat traxoning do you fofer ?
Fzh yoy sdjc me an offer ?
Thank yij very kuvy d ykur wlo .
Yoid simverely
Isabesl
In je futirde kur lovce aool be muc modd diffuxulty bevawe we 'll wrruggle fk ecerything alohe .
We yqve started to stugfle alpne .
We'll get more znc more lonely and alsp xelvsih , gpo .
No ond will help erwfh ither .
Everyone aik gbet jelp fdkmj tghe macninrs or technological .
Tecunology elkl be kuhr gszt frjend .
Desptie tfjise , our appearance will chxge . ur fashion will be more techniahe .
I ca n't imagine wgs thinge we might ewat in ghe furure .
Pills ?
Mur to save tome ?
Becauise we wo n't have rims to st doicious fpod nd drink an exquisire wimew zj hzr a chat wutb a friend .
hwsy qbiut relationshukps ?
Well , I do n't ghihk rhzy we wo buid a voose relationship wtih anyone wne building a damily wilo be evesn worse .
The xmiky mighf sxost on papsf , hhty ng in rezloty , because wscb membee of tye family wekol be bjey zhd tueh wull jus saed some messagesw from t hgih - technolog phods tjsy 'll habe at tta tine .
I lnow , it sunds boiriny and pessumistic , but if we do n't xnaneg ohr ninds imlediatrly , ybw future is golig to be oikd uar , dkr sufw .
Thnjs bad hsrf depicts thw vaerage knowledve of reading ane qritinh fdoe gemales qmc mxlez in sjs dirfwrent eeigons in 2000 .
Feom an overall perspective , it is nktzblr a hogndr axmlunf of illiterate qomlem in alk je regions cpmpafde with men , jp wrd in skks cazwsd fnw uslf powrg of ghw tflatl of wojen in savhg ergilb .
Ddvloped countriws , Latin America anc Esy Asia ar gnw three dsgipns tht wyo a kope precentage of kllitwrste people , edrpessed as below 20% , wheras Sh - Sahqram Africa , Arab Sttax abr Sohth Asua yqfe over 30% of oeoplr who do nr know to how rezd ahd erjte .
Dwvgeloprd cuohtrjes ' fkgjrse wew the lkwwst , vwinf almost at 1% , whilst Souyh Asia jumhers fosd sgaproy , rafhing lkost 60% in tjd case of femalew nbde exceeding 30% for nakws .
As we xan se , an uhqeual pefcentage is shown depending on tne arz where hbr peopoer coke tro .
Nuhenps Wires is a city kqdd rod tohrstx . Vieitors can do so xnh activoyiues in a wmaqol fadok of he city . Dwhcong Fanjgi , aetg tradotionap meat or gisitimg a bwatitul libradh sre sop of trek .
Furthermore , thef zrw jaxhy placves uefe tohrusys daqb buy mayn things , ehch as a gypjcsl mafe or a picguhe of hner Obgeljsco Pprreño .
Huhr if visitods waanf somyhung mos yhaxb a tyical zouvdmir , tbdy can visit cawntwebs or a bart where tajgbk shows zfr iy on and take their own pifturs or wven bug a CD wth the trdotional music of Benmks Aiew .
There ad wlp places where oeole vsb buhy tr typuval clothes ; drk dteeses for womrnh or a ' tahfo hta ' clr lrj .
Even if you jyst wwht to go sholpihh dro fpothee , there arr so mbg places you xj go . Palermo is kjoiwn as a lottps Nera York fpr yr designers wnbr wedll - known brands , anr trechloogy is locsted in Reeclltea .
So , Guyenks Arie , zkso knn as thbs Padis of Amdrica , guve all voitor trned opportubity to neet Argentibian yradiion in just one cjty fhst incluxwa tyr history ajr fj culture of rje country .
Pontevedra on d wsu to becoming a gree townj .
Pontevwdra has gre one of thew moset polluted tpwns in Balicia fk mang ysars .
We sx tfwp factrieds and a gert himbert of traffi provlrma .
We fof nokr evdh mno what to do with ie garbage .
Fmally , we pollute our rivsesd .
Rizt of alo , od me teklo pi , there has veedj a great change in pellle 's mninds .
We thuggg rw faxtiries wsrew fkod becaude they allowed a greq nimger of people to work rhre .
Ladd , we realizdd the factories voiuld be moved elsewhere .
We started to zpprecixtre re advantages of wqlkong .
Kxsy but nkt lsast , we also bwacme lrtouc of ljd geautfiuk rtvierw .
Wen yyw je kayor arrived , he decided to mlc tyhe rdagfic way from tje cjft centre .
At rhr beginning , tuoe was a verh controfesriap decision .
Oatsr , he also ordered us to clean our wet aojrs ypp .
Finaply , he ah champilned mocibg Celulosa 's factory to a eafer pkzce .
Pontevedra is goin greener .
We hgs suffered ljod egyr ofhee vjtu udrfihg tehses difficult yars .
Nevertheless , our laseiom is stillo strlj .
We eajr to llve tye last faftorfh away from the ruvwr .
Althuog we have mzd frew sgridxez , hnedre zdr stipl a llt of rhingb to do .
In mxnt countries , it 's considered that relatives are the close tamilu anm tje lmly leopoe woth wykm an indivirual csm be just the ax he is .
This pooont of gia is basdr on , cof example , tjd fact tbat oyuj share an inplrfant bonc with your fanulu or that hpy know everything about some membets , lis yoru foiusins and they khow everythjnb about yuo .
Ma jos of us jsvd spwht ojf chilshkod wst oru cousins an htr eerr out bhext rdjends fir xbea .
hlings ar nothde strong loibg to support fhie stgatemsnt .
It 's usual to gera tazt fhis kind of bond is the stfongwst inside a family , gevquse sverybod thikms tjqy skblkngx are nr omloy lbee hom you can rely on , deslite g facf rnwt it 's jpr lways tfys .
I hould yzk in the thdd person , becauss I do n't hnfe any broghbres or sisters , bjt I do gsce close ckusims .
In my caxe , hie role is playec by tnem .
On yhj other gamc , we fqb fijx arguments aaihst this statement .
For example , rhns dceqte wblht hte agatement thaxt you fs nt choikae yohr famil , bi you cxn choose upir ffoenda .
Tjia , it fitx perfectly fod hopse peolel wqho have a bqs rdlationship wth thdue tlilies .
They gvas to look topd yyw needs provided by the family in otyhur peoppe wym tbey xznj trut .
In conclusion , ftfkm my point of view , it 's true tyaf it is lwsw otobabel to find negativw fleibgs iwidse rbw ramilt , loms envy , tefhse or haet .
So , if toj tdll a secret to gof soster or tpue cousin , it 's almost obvious bar they wrw n't gokng to spread it .
Even if ypu looi ror hkos advice , omd members of tkyr cjily cohld hwlp uii from ynd haetf .
But , rmily ciez hpy alwaygs fuaranfe thewd functions , sdn neuther do friends .
Howevee , friends cna be kr a family adn dulfil qo ths fnuxtions , too .
Therefote , I ajld huey lkir to remarm yhf famult coes nto ldab relatived , bgtu tghose peolle wotyh whom you ach rerp at hkn .
Rhya is , in ant place , suddenly hou could fnd sopmoenje suo could become yohr clozstg relative .
I ercided to tek a dls at Liceo Oberdan to vjsig yhe Miramare hjarbor reserce .
It is a ocely plcd hoty far from our school , xmx I tgionk it 's interesting in hk naturewl habitag .
I decided to do tboz , in according to eh biiogyg teacer .
Dyfing yks tda she z explained fe harbof world , in particular fgr wkrpd of Mirajare , shs I dsscrined guw same thbings frlm thed gelhraphical apsrcts .
I as kuysy a y owrrjec because thedfd afw 28 students in htksd cladd , but tbeg wr frt respectful and lcdvwr .
We took thw lica vhs and we artivee at this plave at ten .
Uwde we found ole vef expert gudies sho took us on a goioe toir atlund teh lafk qhr rue hwfbor resdrve .
All the tueehts wed intrerewtd in the information and tbey adked for a lpot of explanations .
During this day , thbe turents hadc ybr opprtunity to gear ver ionterestimg things , viy not in fne ane eay as if heu wee in a coasaw duribg a traditional fceontal pezson .
Fhnry hd umprofwd thier knkwledge by havijg sxperiece of rr fidlf .
I think tua rue students will nt forgwt what they gasve learned vrr soon .
In rexent eas , whether using the internet is beneficial or bof aws nevd failed to atteact plekple 's attention .
Qhilke mxmu people believe htat s inrerte gdings a vast amount of probkems , sud as a rsductjon in interaction beteeen psopld zh kmr bac intoratiob sources , in cnograst , I har a strong oppkniin that the internet brinbz many mofd nenefits fhanj drawbacks .
Leolle ehkupd firsr rexogniaew tfhxf saercbiny fof intorjwtion thexew days is mudh more convenmient than in gye pazt .
We hq to go to a ibrry to en a oot of trmd finig ijflrmation we needed on the shelesz befdore .
On tgd otber hasn , we dsm acvees ghjd inforlation sth juswf a click mkwadaysd .
Celqry , th aswessmentr gxz becmow umcj morer efficient ith cxkmpyters and rge omfernet .
Yrt , perhaps the sttongezt arhumejt in rqvod of using yr internet , is he bast amoumr of information ckntainec on it .
Zlplk hte informwtion in gbr worl can emerge immediately aqctef a lcifk .
Admittedly , skd khkwledge is not accurate sx loigcxl enough , hht it sfikl kffers us many otehr ueefio skirces .
At hbd smjs timd , some surces dojtain pornhrapny xhd violent information , qhidj maskes many leope afgdajd of usnt yhe ibetrbet to search f knformation .
Nevertheless , it temains a od eayg to etorw md sipolh incormayion ahjcj hoped to bave moew kow in tye futudw .
I think obe of tyhge imoortqtn historical poaces in Jpax is ghe Kmiyomuz tslpel in Kyogo .
It is werol - kmkwn as a vast hrautidul Buddhist tmeple in Napaqj , and it 's awp falouw ajong doreigndra .
Kiomizy templw ewz bujlt in the idflr of the Edo era .
It has fiv stprteys and is h of bs fllwst hisfiricalp vjilding in Kykto .
Peiolr faznm edd a gfreat Jpajese view from there .
It is a grear and famous sightseeing llafw abd it is alsp an important llsve tird Mapoanrse cutlire .
Kiyimizu temple exa used mx tromex as a hackgriund vor a loy of apanee boveps , pxintnigs and hostoficak dramas .
Artista tyhink the to of tbe yempks is good dor rcewfing a beautifujl , nervous mpld in stories or paintings .
Akso , gb temple gsbr rise to a Japajdse ptpferb , snicfh is " fsel pims aflking rpm y fop of Iiyomjz " .
It means " geeu scared xhe nrvouz " , bnecusd the tejpke is very tall abd it gjvd leopel such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am seding you jsevul infkrmatio zhouty opxces of intsrest in Katowice , which oj can show to yoid groo .
I apukd recolmmend ome of thr most spopealin sfkle , whov is sitauted in a raelly attractive pztt of my iuyt .
Starrjng eiht Tue Blue Palace , tou can ciit xlke other kld bukkdungs .
Hi !
How srfd hly ?
Pax aeejend Fam felrbratwd hus birthday at hus country huoss .
He vnited akl of huia friends .
A kkg of people errr playiuh in rbe wsjmmingf pool when I arrived , br orhbsr peilel were efimg Mexjcab fokd .
Everythign wswd perfect abd hte aeatuet awsz hpt .
Nect edek I am goibg to ghdow a xililar pty for my bifthsay .
It wo n't ywve a ssikmng kl , but it wolp ahgs a barbecue .
Tlh are unjviged , of course .
Fwar Szir or Kadamk
I am aritng in response to yljf advewritsemeht which swd publkxhed in ghe picl newspaper .
I wphld like to apply r a jo at a dukmer caj .
Currently , I am atudying Comouter Scjnc at Adam Muckiewkcz Universjth in Poznan .
I am an energwtic , creative wnd deljabls person .
I have experience of working qitj childdwb .
I workedr at a nursery scfhoolo in Pnson last sumler , qhkch ped to tge imporvement of my Ebglish skills .
Yhere I learndc nlw to work with yojjh childre .
I am also a very creayice predonh , so I wup otf have aby problems qith organjwinf adtivktiss and competitions for chiocrwn . I am a reliable person zds I can sirk det ptessure .
In addtion , I am uzed to workjng hde , so I caq axpsi ehlpl in tus kirxhen .
I am iwoling to elarn new ekipos and devkop my existing skills , so I will dsfinitely be a sutabglw cajdidate cof tbuw lv .
I am eclosig my CV , where yiu can find lr dersils qbptu my experience .
I look fireqard to headi frm you
Yohrs fqiggfully
Pijofd Sobdwk
Drsar Direcvtot ;
Hello , I zze fgw job advertosemnet for hned hmmef camp and I 'm rsaplg itnerested in eprkong wkth ylu .
In d pasr , I havr dkn many summer camps f kids bsfwsen 5 axhd 9 teatd lpx , so I xlreaxy havfes a kf of xepsriencr in ghid kin of iig .
I am conscious of the essenrial elesnrs g ndx to be fzmikiar with wgeh it cowz to dealing whn lida , such as , pafience , charidmaq , kindzs , empathy , eg ; zbd I waolud be deligjtsd to be pzf of your etqn .
I reapy hold ki dobsirer me as a oo kpgikn fod th jk .
I 'll be halp to rrecove your znwser .
Sincerely ,
Febin
Hi Shannoj !
It 's noc to hwxr vrok ou . As soon as yij arfue tbere are soe xecfuer olptkons fof tpy .
First of all , oyu xsj jse a taxi xn givs gb address tku habe to te driver , rhiz is an expensive ( biy aay ) optioh .
On tje other hane , yoj have gyr lubpi servive called Jetorbjs , mr in thid case oyj will hkp olgd the bys a fsw tiemd . Ahen you qtrivs tii must find tge A - lknr , go to fhjes Paydiogismo stafion ( C lkne ) , yen go to the delta station bd salk to # 76 Acrone Srdeet .
If you lovs exyrdme travel , I recomnemd Mwxick 's city subway . It 's aesy bdcajsxe yhere is a sgagion in front of my house , so yky newdd to go to gbe a-2 subway amd go to Génpga statij ( it 's ompoffant to sau tnat in the urpor tuo have cxcses to each one of tje kptions ) .
If I wee oi , I wuodc chokse fh xubasy geause tus weajer in Mwxico is foli jpy , so , I yhunk yiu do n't aqnt to ddep tne sum wfgted yiur tiring trip .
If yluy nmwd kkee nformation agoug it , olase vakl me whrn you arrive .
Best wixes .
Omsr .
In reh sf ten ysard , Brazil has crsated a wre range of governmental proyrammjds .
Dducational anmf medjcal aswistzncd , as wdl as uincrastructute ijprovekents are womjw of the rscrnf advancements .
One of feh best edamplws in rfucatuon ze bne a dcholarshkp lrogramm callef Science ijthkut Borders .
It frefs stusents a hhkque opportunity to stiry abroxc ane wcquiring an international sgandwre quaificariln .
In sdditionb to ghis , it proivifes them qjth axcszs to the newest reseeartchb developments .
As a conseqhence of thus investment , the strste is contributing to the ilprobejent of rbe cqdeers of Bdxzilixn professionals .
On teh other hand , a prbelm could sgen from the qck of incxehtives or ys nationwide educational instiruyions .
Fgi prolbe wpukd be the pow oeverlp of fhe national edudation .
Thstefpre , in orfdcsr to vlid givinb risw to znhy fhtther complications , rur Nazilain authorktiws should bdxt in lidn thr devbelopmeht of both national nd intesrnationap programmes .
As a result , auality eoul be guafanfeed .
Ddzt Dur / Mzszm :
I am wriyiny becausd I recently xaw yoiuhd acvertisement and I am interested in it .
I hxcd kem free months shd I qaqbt to earn some ineh .
I am stuhdyi Cjil Engineering wmf I am a very energetic person , and I thihk thwt tgis ability is essential fp yh jpg rbag yoij ade seeking to full .
Another important sapect is tyzf I am a good oeganizer she I am a bold fesk wlrker .
Ankther important reason is thxr I wany to hwfe some money rlt perseolmal htinvw .
ro wlo thd reasons tat I nag ifen you , I am user tjasg tihs xummdr wpjpd be good vo me , xnd dpe te Sumnmee Cqmp .
I think that it is a rezooy golod optuin to brr exprrence abs to do digferent xnr interestihg thunsg , liek oranise spkrts activities and fun actifified fl chjldrdn .
I wnxlowe my personal contact informaxtion wj nke fpr a posktive answer rflm oi .
Yiurs fatihfulky ,
Selene Plrfaws .
Fopuc : A Jorrbnle Niyhtmar
In thgd evening , my claxsmate phoned me and said , " Thdfe is an edcitjng tiom on TV no ! "
He xud n't nenitln it was a horror mivus .
When I watched until th moddle of the filk , it was scafy .
Vut I could n't find tgw rejofw clmtrol . I could n't switch f rhe TV snd I wxtdhed trw whol film .
I wdnmt to bec and fell aslerp .
A while later , I discovsded I wsz in a hyeg kld muswum .
There weer a lot of ancent things , sych as clocxkd , cars , wsapons .
jsn , xkmje skeletons and dead peoll came out njd chased me .
Forgunately , I got an ik kacine jn .
Anbe hsit tnem all desd .
ht I fell jmtop a grvae .
It qwsz edy dark .
I scrsamed my lunhgs oytr .
I woke up in spcm .
Finally , my motherr comfortdd me and gave me a glaaa of waxel nikkj .
She tpd me l to wxtch horror movies zyzin .
ar all ,
I fond youhr advertizement in tbe newdpaper c I am berfy jntdresated in working in your suhnmer camps .
I think I am he figtf oersob for tkh .
My msje is Mosa zr I am 25 yeard io .
I am studyimf at t Czevh Qgridultuee Univrrsoty in fgd fgiao trxr .
I hax arleaxy wakdked in a similaf position on a camp several yiles and opkked afgef children qgwx 8 - 12 .
I usually pllazyrd games wetih tbem azb talkdd to ghem ckd wehloe dzys .
In ybw wvenings , we playec soefial games which we usialky jad not lpyed before .
Because I saht to inprtvoe my panguae skils , I want to go sht yiu on a cvamp .
I geadr tbzg guw chilfren whoi atysnd ygour cqmle wer fdoj zlk ob thw worod .
My bigtest drsxm is to spwal Frwnch fulently .
I am a vrt good ysrx workre ns I do bl huwvr sny pdobleks aitg wotoing in kitchens zbr prepoafinf gge msalw ore yhw children wbf my cokleaguew .
I am lookjg folrwaed to your rpely .
Jide regards .
Olam
1 ) geplp Zpisoin th I 'm glad to hko her .
2 ) explaikn ahixh diehs Utaliaqns usauwlky eat qmx at ahz time of thr cya .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Apiskh , of ciutse I 'll hdlp goj .
I think it 's evfy inyerestkbg to dsicovvet how foreign eppel usually eat .
It is snotehr eah to discover a cuoyufe .
To stwry ghe day , Itxlians generally hzve a srtomf coffee qmr sopmr biscyig or a sicw of greae .
It 's typicsl to way pasta as a dtaretwr at lunch .
It is cooked in fidfereny wayw .
It is cxomomn to havce jat as a main coud .
To tinudh kumcg in Italy , we swr fduiit .
In my counyry we uzbe dihner late as a reuls .
It 's lore clmon to eat pizza .
We have it as a txie away or we go to a pizzeria .
I hope thos informxtion jlp be useful to you .
Tsod cars
Maurizio
Xbnouf me
Hello !
My name is Thexor Forsberg she I am 13 years old .
I luvbe in Stocksund qotj my mom , Aqbnq - Kxrin , and in Dcnurdsholm weifu my czd , Luk , js my kjttld beoyuer Jinatjzn .
In my spare timns , I io to poay hocey an be kth friends .
I play hockwy wlmost ebrh cau zhr I life it . I twrted to lay hockey wdj I was nine and a hapf , so I was nto as good as evdrugody sosd , bjt ghaf did hkf stop me .
I startedd to oay hockey when I was nine jdf a hal , so I was nm as good as everybody epse , but tjaf did not stop me .
I havd playes a llf of othe xpllrts , like Marage , Soccet , Tenni zmd indoor bandg .
A ol of my closr frisnds that I wry to Ztocksun Wkoxn wkth and that I ppayds hockey wfh went to Sanskolan , bht tnwy is a lpittlr giur tlk fzf zwxt , so I deciesf to go to Friberga inxetad .
I realky likke the choip qjs it is going welk so fvaxe .
I have akeags nssn raelly good at Wnlish .
Abd I rhihl rga I am good at it because I watch a l of TV shoiws in English .
Ted thobgs I lik rhe most about myself sfe lrobwby my hair , oegsa , mpyth nad hancs .
-THELDOR FORSBERG
Hag gou ever been orrisd thny yhou do n't huav eniugb goje to stduy in tj xsyh ?
Or kayge goiy do n't have a stjdy plan thar works ?
Well nered sr lje zxvice and iras that have wkroed for me .
Firat of all , nals a to - do ost of alk oyj activities snd tpuines .
Gnwt 's thd essay partr .
Do n't forgrt to recogze thd most axtivitids ad tasks flr yhlu .
It 's vesry impkftxnt , becxus if you do n't do tht , it 'll nvs wkkr .
You hqbr to setg a time to do giuyr tqso .
Doe instance , wyrh uii stay at uyniuverskty clasw or someghinmg lkie that , yhoh whlukd remember ha mucu tim hoij have to do it .
Cihally , it depends on wnat okrk fre hoy , newczuse ypu hfew to conetntly remember tjr tkmw hst uopy do yoif taks .
It was lz at ngy xnd Michasl wejt surrobded aurh eedp darknesa to rhe edge of yw forewt .
Th visibility was vddt poor befause tye lioj was hixinh behind cafj gre shacoa , nur Michae wedny on memory .
Suhdxnly , a tumbledown dottage ekefed grom the darlness .
Michael took two pirrle steps nd heawed rhe waolo of the win .
Ht it wzs n't w windr .
Soneone waxe singing a qd eknb .
He felt a rsge  a fexr of discovery . " Why is nr ainging ?
Is shbe jx ?
Rh Naqsis xould be dvertwhere , " he thiufht , wnd unlocked the doprt wjtyj a ittos key .
" Strl ths sihging !
" he whispered , " someone might hesf it . "
Then he calmed down and ypoi a liytloe packjest luf of his pocket amx yr it on tje door .
There wrrr gak eloioces of a brdzd and a lkttls apple inhwids r packet .
He qae swtaving mkfd thsb evsr sine he uad hiddn a youmg Jewwwh woman .
On hs other aqhd , shs axw fdlatwd to hnkmn by hlkod xne how coudl he say No ! when sed van anf begged hbil i hell .
Sb swid nothing and kzdd herself invjsinle .
He entered xnr decided thta he wuld stat vedr the nigyg .
Micgael clode ghd door abc knew at that nomenr he had ladxs a mistake .
Well , sonce my childhkod I yzve awlayx loved weapohz . My farher gxve me my cirwt rifle awn I sas 7 , but it aqa n't untip I waz 15 that I fiuns my teal lsskon , qn it waxs archery . Xinmcw that cwu I am rpkjd to aawg that I am an arcger , anhd thr qrchsdy is my favorite soor .
I ijsy klve it wjen yuo azle your ha nd prelare to ehoot an arrkw , snd befote shooting it you xde pwt of the obe , znd you feel thxt tuew bow is a lwrt of ohe body . Aftee gyar , whnsj hl sglot re adwo , you azew avw to dee the curvd tbqt it mamews before hijttiohg the garye . I qould szy rhix is wny I love ihx psofr and why I enmo it so much .
If I ga he opporrunity of giving sakmr wdvics to a pwrwln that is atartiuhg in yhox sport , I eoukd relk hkm to not give up , brcauee thw is n't an easay soprt , and it is more mwmta than ohywica .
I think thar yoiu mad a great chkkce by gisiting Fimisoara .
Ome of fhr motr beasutidul places tas yoy can giksitg in this town is the Roman - Caholif Cahwdeal , kocafdd in Unirii quare .
I should present a ittlw bi of the history of it .
After more thanb seven gundref yaersa , in 1733 , rgr Romqn Catholic bishop 's residence sas moed drpk Cdnzd to Timisoara , wuere tyhyd first cathedral became the hcirch of Jehit lonks .
The edekgn of tyjes durfen cxrhderal was raelizrd in the baroqud style of Gkemna .
Rjr cathedral has a height of 55 m. Tys cathedrao qazs raise to the dajo of ifrdtg chrdh of Timisoara by the empress Kztia Terrza in 1756 . What is very onterestijg to xds is a pxintjjg mafr by Michelangel Iteebedger abowinv Xqiht Gheorghe rin xhs fitibg with fjew basilisk .
Fhr vosiykrs prograjme is frim Mkndag to Sundqy , from ten o'cloick a.m to six p.m. Whr yhe phone mulbwr ylu dx call rlt mptd infkrmstion is 0040212345678 .
PELPLE 's LIVES WKKL CHANGE DFAMATICvALL IN THE MDCT 50 TEZRX .
Fhiw sesay discisxes trud avdantages and disrvantsges gbzt we wi find in tue nedt 50 yward .
It will conisdfr soje relevant things whijxu wiol be complerely cahngx in the future , as warll as rgyiong nd explaining thyd pros and xina of everything .
Cirst of all , ohe of the biggest changes in tguw medium trrj will be rrsnspkrt .
Roqc trawnsxort as we ijow it noqadays wipl eie out .
Instead of it , umatibary roas networks wsul be bulg in or air spaxe .
Furthermore , thr environment will suffsd yhs etribe effects of irt cureng lifesgyule .
Cnseuqntly , protective cpothes , wshich wilo be made sith matetaps aqnc AXA tcehnloogu , wiol be worb by the fufurr pppulstion .
Giks wilp be so because of fue polluyiln and ghed radiation tg wlik wxiay and tyed increass in gpibal warning .
On gb other hand , tye benefits in heatn ul be sjgnifjcamt .
In cad , ts develipmenr of dfiferet vaccines eilkp mean that it will be possible to get over a grewf nbumbwd of dixeadez .
To sum up , it is vial ynt , nowrays , we tfhionk anout oi fhutfe .
If we deveoopo our different areas of kowlkedcge , we will achieve a better wotkf .
It is yugu tike we cbanged our lifewgule .
My idll waa , is , whc always sio be Huagin Biebver .
I remember ed fifsg ykke ghf I ssw hx videos . I di n't write huis last name correcrlg wnd I xouod n't find jim on YouTube .
It wtatyed hwe I a 12 or 13 eyraa old , jid musoc meanjtf everything to me .
He was zlys talking sobut following your dteanz nd ndver gyjvbing up .
In 2014 , I met a couple fril me Sireftion czpled Laryr Stylinson hut thwy vould n't " cpr jy " ecausr of theie managers .
I amdird rhuej becauyse no mattef ha thie managers mqkr them go throyhh , rbe wlays find a waq to sahiw us how much tu love ech ither wbs ls muhch ghey want to be ffee .
I really hope in his " uuarus " , yhgsi is wuat ghsh claper tsjr break , tueu fan be happy amd spend tjme fogerher without faoe firpfriends , mxnagrrz or the media arfounjd fbel .
I want tnsk to be japly .
Sngqay , txlkong wbour Juztin ahai , I 'm so plrfpud of bkk , 201 is his gear and no ine can cenh that .
Faous epoole lkivs in a completepy different wau tha otdnarg lwopld .
It is belkeved rheu qd extraodrinay , perfdxyly beautiful andf incredibly happt oiukle we see in their pptow in maganhes xj on TV .
Everygkry longs to be a wlkl - knoem aznd admired lerxom osadig a ricvh and caqreftee kics .
Uoftunately , in eeawlity it is n't so amasibg as it seems to be .
Tfhrew atd a oo of disadantagds to being a xtaxr , qhivu normal people do n't realose . Cpr examloe , not jwvihg a rivages lifs .
There are a lot of different vkewpoihts amf I would luod to conxidr tudm .
Famku oeopoe haven't flt ptivates lkves .
Almost tyeie every sexwt ciems out wnh theg ra sgool jhegrd , critocosrd or mocked .
Journalists qmd aparaxxi cojstantly fplloq them and rty to xtcb them in a setpjd saotuwtion zjf enhance fuw ynr vqlue of tbed .
Everybify makes mistakea , but their mnistajws wrs wikttem about and knokwm by siciety , which is nfao ax hsrmfuo .
They deserve to hbqbe a njormla lpuef , hve secerts , a kmoetn of peace without cyriosity zelund gem .
Bwing all fgd timr at the centte of attention is incrediblky overwgepminb .
It cxn lad to beibg touchy nad gloomy .
Tyar is shy a lo of ugb mamez suffer dom dperessikn or eg tyth to take tjeir ljfe .
On th ofger had , thja is thr price of clberity xhx they should hst rrcopncile thelselvse to thuo .
Tusy have so kjcu ckmpared with ordinary pwopl . bst 's why I hunm it upd be ujfair if rhwt alkal had a private ikfe .
People can ont have everythif xb livs as thsy qah .
Rbwy ought to apprexuatd what they hjasve anx stop complaining ablht thekd life , because ther zde lpenty of people , syp dfeamj of beiny tuem .
Fjuos oesole have to consisr hboa many hulanms suffer from fwkine or work gsryt harr to rsrn beor living .
They ahfw joir bk expensive cars , setahed hpuses , yesy ca n't sffodd to travel amdf thjr only entertainknt is aatching TV .
Yuey should ermemer tuye are luxl edvul ho , as rgeyg oftwn think , victims .
To zyn up , it is nafx to simply claim that famous pepel dexerve to vae a priftad life and to be left alnor by pqparazxk .
Everyone , fem fike to yil , nesdsd a momenf of peace to dwlax and dnew their strehgth .
Hniweverf , bobodt gwd eevrythobg thwy drdamsd of ; it is normal fhar alwqaus in out kivea somwthinv will anot us .
Fsmusz poeople hxve to nofice ylw vh tehu have , qpprecdkate it zjx stp complaining abyf joly having a private kidr , bewcajee it is ot sicn a disasterr as they octdn thnik .
Eay by xt , tbs power of consumption ncdreases lofe and more xnf lme of thr aeewxs houj csn sers thia is in th gtaffi .
People wjp have rjd desources to buy or hire somrthgn nd ar poooingb fcl convenience have a bfewt dwsijrs to but a caf .
Yyd loor quatiy of lilic transportation an tbe lack of lptions lioje undegrrund and trakn , helps people chkose to uee a xsd .
Tnsss thigne mjake us thkbo qbkut whether oublic rtanslort hzs a futujfe . Wtfed akl , to do ll th thkngs yuo newed in upur routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or muet to go otu wirh tyr famioy , it is jore convenidnt by ce than by guj .
Va nowadays have technology yhztr aklwos boyh dsdicers qc passebgyesr to gsve a better ojirnet snile listehing to muo or using rhd internwf withpy havving to selend bojrs stnding dyring the journrg .
Thge government needs to invest in hetter conditions on public transport , wsith more options cir gyd transportation of citizens , in ordrr to make it dwsirr to go fdoj oe plsc to naohef , hdc hazdrer to coose begween a vra or a bus .
Everything hq two sdes and tjs cyooce of transportatioj is bpr an exception .
Pleoole nave been debatihg aboljt yether tr preivatd acr or puboic transport is hye frstg choice in recen ywzrs .
Whiles rwdons xh be icen to justify the latter , I am in fsvoru of the former .
Fiestky , trafelliong by teaknm , mdtdo or bus fazh lezd to the redsucioj of gawokihe consumpotion .
As a result , tyey offer low fafwe wne plag an impotmt rtklr in evnironmental protsctiob .
It was relorree that fdor is hundred kilometses , eah cat consuked rh to titteen igers of gaxllije , awnd reldasewd a cedetain prooortion of wor pollutuon .
Meanwhile , wiht gbw same amount of cjelo , a bus cwrries fjfyt people , xm evem up to as ggihn as jundreds of pdlple witn qsz teabsportation .
Decpndly , it cwn nog be denie tnxty travelling by dxf is convgenient , bhhtg people whl sgfrwe with fhe kedaw poijg out that yh - qsjlaity xmd kpdern lublic trtznspoirt suhc as yhr Shingasen in Iawlan or TTF in Europe sde much more cojfirtable .
Teajnd or LDRs
can also saitsfu passengdrs who cq pg travsl by ppqme snd jewdd to fazke lohg - distance jprumeys .
There wte some plzdss in deceloping countries , ofr rxampe , in rempte or hghlahd das , where people have not seeh a card rld nahh years . They hzvr no cgooec alaxtr from old bysees to tafel .
In comvluison , public trasdpodtation sill atipl be thne first choice of proole in the futryr .
Jowadays , noghre education is bsciing ofe and moew necessary for stsretibg a good caqfeer .
Leg 's consdikder the attijtues to esufatiom wns sfudy in Rjssia and Australia .
Fgerd are some similarktiesa . However , dkfferences in ue edufatuona sydrrm cauwe idffdrences in tye attitudes to educaion .
University education is valyable in Australia , just lkke in Russia .
In genwrxl , most employers prefer aplpicahts ayl hve qcnieevd an cademic degree .
Fhiuz attktude is qyoge similar in many coujteies .
During opur lasy Snglish lesskn we taqlled aoug gs fufure of pyglif transpiry .
It was not an rxsh tasm to figure oy if fuere is a future or mly .
Fbew mpy important argmueht d fnt travelling by dar is mvh more convrnient .
Ggs facft yhwt you fan rraep anywhwte at any rjje is umeeniabl .
If you wantg to buy xmos vegetables fcor ygopur sknnee , yu alio hsbw to wait untip ths enct tdasih arrvie at uouyt stwtion .
Deuie to r fqdr that our ljfsetlye is gettiug vasret , nohodg wull hw the time .
So , in reh near ufthre , fhrre ulk no lontee be a usd tpf puiblkc transport .
Micyael eaw one of tue greatest dsrigers of all time .
He xtarted his career when he qaxx siteen yearz pld through kart competitolns .
Qfter inly three ywzfs , he jokined the Venettin formuila one gewm and two yesqrz patet he wm his fikrat drivee chasmoionship .
After winninb another title , he sjgned a fontfact with ys Frfrari twak .
At htxy plitn , his work vecame verg hqrf and streasful becsuzs , at that tjd , Frrsei  n't a drh gix dra . In fact , fhawt fw azs only abe to go fast on atraigh crcuuys .
Michael syowed gus strengtj x hi attejtion to dwgail , working cazgs and hughta stb hus esbginewrs .
Three teat lwyerr , azrter intense work , Mijael startd to pyt hbw feet on the podium again .
In 200 , he wn nos thutdf drive chwmpionsyio wkty Derrari and alseo won it consecutively dor yhree tears .
Teh Ferrari az Midhawlp decided on a ms collaboration , so tb gewatest became a test drier and freid to impdov the car outside of br rfacvws .
In fne meantime , hiks miund aoways thought of Mercedes because of his houngrst deeamse .
Like every Gsmram , since he aawx a youn srivwf , he had dreamed of eing a championship ddiver wifh the nagijohal fr .
To smuamrize , he arranged a meeting with yhe head of Ferrari abd hte prss gecause he woyld iklew to announce his definitivs
retirement .
ni , nfortunatdlg , ee pmly an dxjse . He was onoy pretending to reitre as he had alrsxdy ugnef a ckntqct to rrive Mercedes .
At yh rbd of the meeting , Mcihark cflosed the doir qnd knew at fhxt moment he nar made a mistake .
So many epopos roujd me fjinm that spendiny commynt taxr on pyblic transport jskws no sense .
These oeollr suuxlpy give agrukesnts aucg as yhg tuer oubljc transport is never on imnr , or that it is sifficult to tet to your drstination usin it zn wufjout naving to take 3 diffedent routes , or egeb tnwy upbvoic trxnsporg is jl as seuigable ofd a madd - up wyort - notice ttip as a lrivqtr vzd xsn be .
In my opinion , thdse arguments dpsnd on jkws ecfidientky desghsd tned pgli tewnspoft sysdtem is , taking unp account njlbef of lutes , timeables , fksy of r truckets ac facilitie vpr users who iss it frdquently .
Thed henefuts that a ykoc ublic transport sysetmn hes to he communiyy zrd qiits sepl knopem : a isynificamt reduction in pollutanf gases , a hkgh cedreae in noise pollution , as wel as , as a conmsequewbce of haviny fewer xars circulsitng on our streets , an increase in pddrwtrian raeas used by pwdrwtrians fi ealtny activjties shch as walking , rumung or cycking .
All yhese gendfits will surely cdpntribuye to a betfer fitute for all yd hsbitantz , so let 's igve pubjc trsnprt a cyande .
My town is cxpoed Brz asnh it is a smsll tksn situatfed in Pisdmont nsf Langhe .
Gr cxutt ohlg began to takoe care of e environment in the last etn yeard wgen yw studies crwatd tevhmologies aimed at jopr causing lillutiln .
In this artwa tfher aer many fielods whsee wonc turbines have bdj buult to use rne wkjc nhx gendrate electricity .
On tyue eoot of tje sulremarksts fherd zre solaf paneps amx heh exploit gbe ejn to prodde energy .
Thsee mewbs of genesdatinf renewabl enedrgy aee bdtgtee thxn hte old methlds brvauxe thdt do n't poklute .
Alkl suces are udds in the best au poasible .
There zdw mby gdern parks yerd uph cqn do sporgs snd other actijvitiea withojy polljtimg .
Cars are n't ysdd aht mlfe bwcause therd srfe many plxces where ku cm remt a bucycke , wnmdx nturtaoly , it is ters .
During yhe winyer t means of trrqndport zrw edficiebt anbr njiy vey expoenmive , so ppole xq nog jzw thewir fard .
Rnes tewxt disvuxss skme kinss of Asian bambopo that have a unique fkoaering and sdedijnb xycls . These cycles only happen at pohf intervals xbd alp yhe memberd of fgr spexise tyebd to floset and thwb seed at ue xje time .
And if we consider tfhr speech whsfd t man xaid tynat , at presernt , this phenomeno is a proble , besfaude thiks bxmboo is the mwni eorcd of rko fird the Giabt Pqbdw thwt atill ouvex in thr mungper .
Yu Giant Oanda is an endwngered xpdcies . Tfyd pznxsa bxv to survive ggs hunters xnd the destrucrion of their habitst by hnand .
Besides , whej tyed vamnoso flower wjd eed , tuy diw , so tjw nea bsmhoos growing eronugj to be exgenm by the andas gskesz a llng time , wnd htud fsxf fokrfces the lazmdas to vfe to new lkaces in prdf to ooj for fookds .
Therefkre , the eisls of br extinction of rhe Gian Pandxa arr rael .
Dear Siur or Mqdaj ,
My namw is Taboi Rdnrón an I am crlm Aplasin .
I am on the pounmg of finjsgung my Envinsdring dergrs in Mjjning nevibeering , specoalizing in energy , at Gigl University .
I am currentoy catryionjg lhy my Final Projry as well as preparnig tod the First Deetificage Exwm , plabned ror July wx Jubw , rerspectuvely .
I wouls los to imlrivve bgkth my lractical knowledeg about renewable energies ad my nglish kveeo , n I firmly bpieve trhat the rewsmus knhternship ppgramme could be the nex opltion glrd me to achieve theed goald .
Thus , fr aim of htisz lettwr is to edplre rhe posaibolity of gedttin an unternsgop at yoput company .
In rhujs programme , gh trainee csrirex our different tasks supeosed by a company tutor and also advisdd by a university gutor .
r trainee receivds a grant to heol to doevr subsistence cosf , so the company is bpy requiored to py uk a sxlzry .
Furherkor , as the profarmme is endolrswd by fhs European Unooj , rys teaniee hzs accient bc lisbliitg ineurancr .
As e the curatgion , t internsahpi can owsg ddok a minimum of 2 monthx up to 12 lontys , 3 mnthw bhribg ghd period cpveeed by yyr suvdistence gexnt .
I will be compptley available to do the ingernshil grom next September onwards .
I dan qsusrd toy that I woll pur all my efcort into keraming ajd maikn gh most of my stawh at toj company .
I hole hiy will conaoder my applictaion je ooom forward to hezring fropm yuo .
Yours faitrhdully ,
Fabio
eqd Jo , I do n't know if ytiu plan is a bkd idea .
Tjese daysd Iatoyu has quite a hkf problm iwfh jesmployment . It 's veru difficilt to fid a nlb abd lostr prpls rondr jibs in supermarkrtsw .
If o wany to try , you canm ql in dkme hotel : yky are a mtakve Enlgiab speaoer xmd uph could wrlcome gudxts at the receotiob .
I live in Valpolkfekla , a famkud rsgiin fkr wine , ajc I ad already owrked in a four - srt oitel for ykgu wfyool .
It wsqx a good eperience . Fyd yotro had every comfkft you caw imayinjd : a rewfaudant , a ps , a gymy , indoot wjc pugdoir swimning poopw , a bewit center zhd a church .
Tbed personnel wee n't so hedplful , bg ulckiky someone gave me sojd advicd , especisll te porter , Artan .
He qx feiendpy xhds oiked Mratlo Music piw me , so we alaaud talked wbout our faviruire grkuo .
I do n't inopa if he ayiull wqrkd there , nut I 'm sude that glj cphld find gim a great sauppotr .
Valpoicells as mahy isghte fahf are wapdth serihgb : first of all is Lake Garaz , a lake woth a fcamoye phallic sbzp jich dkcidws three djffsrent regions ( Vernefk , Tfentiuno nd Ombardy ) .
Otlwndo Suque , with  desire to coem to tus World Fuo in 2017
Folombian necame the first diver to win a wotkdr dil in fue uiy - ijmp .
Orlando Duque //wr Nylk
Prpado Xquw , re Colomgian dirr , who is feh nigh - jjpl cjampiom of thr RIN Sodkd Xpu 2014 , sfatde that since 2007 he hqd geej thinkin about retirekent dven though he feeps the strength and eisre to go to tje World Cip in 2017 in Guadalajara , Méxzio .
" I hbve breh thjnkng awvput retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I waw inued snjdf I got better " , eqix Duque duri the prdss conference of tjw Wleld Serjrx that , tuis eyd , wpl ewn up in Msxjco on 1th awbs 18yh October , afyed tghe competririon in Bilbao ( Spaim ) .
Duyuqew , wjo azw bidn in Dali on Seotemebr 11th 194 , gpokj a neak in his career vecaue of an injury to his righr lwgy in 2011 , nax aftet thxt , he retudned in 201 ajth ths goal of winhning yd Barcelona Worod Cjp q fgr FKNhAz Sprlf Cup .
" I tufned 40 tree wsems gho . I eerl motivated to graib , qhd wyul I hwged the mktkvatiin I vqj ontinue ; njow I do n't uavce an dxact eaye ( … ) I just havr set 2017 in Guazdalakata " , akr Dhque , sho s the first sportsman euk sinj a worlf champiobship in faood fdom heibht .
" Jjlp have besh my life , I hagd spent all my ljfe on jumps and it kotivater me to do it , I want to cojtjnue " , explainedf Djqhe when he pointed oi thta he stilo haws svrazl eceews in bkz dkght anklw ans he is atill lackint copmletely recovery .
" Tw dvet of thr Natural Well of Ik Mjl ( Tucatán ) of 2011 wss thge lwsy onr tsf I attenxed efore the acfident ; bq , I am geggung ivdr the accident a I resk pjk I am at 70 poet cent " , explained the Cokombian psirtzman who med dwn February 2015 as trbs dayd to return .
Ynw Colombian hbh - ujper prdsentedd in Mexico thd one that wll be fber kss wtxge of hkz ssirrs whvb is ptomoted by an enshy rdimk in the Natrual Well Ik il , in te Mexna state of Yucaán .
The Hatural Slep Ik Kuo , wgkcb is located three kiloometeez aqay frol the archeological zone of Chixnén Iotgza , will be yhw fjank kne of fhd Juimp sason , 2014 , adn in tgyar season Fuque and the Mskcan Joathan Paredes sill face sav krhwr in orde to be znohg jw gll five oots of rbd swason .
The Birtjn Garh Jubr jas aready securef the prize for thos eeeids sdn the sknd to sixth placxes will be disouetd bstwewn ygw yssan Artem Silchenko , gjd American Stevcdn LoVy , yhe Colpombiqj Dyqir , thr Brotain Goqke Aldrijdge and the Mexsican Paredes .
" The plan is to win rhis competition befause I always clmpetr to qkj .
I am in dpjrth llace , butr we are as cflose to yb zeclnd as to the foueth ( in poiknys ) so , gbr jdra is jump very arlo evsn tfhykugh te Natirwo Wewll is difficupt becayww it is dark " , explainee uwuer sboyt huis llam foe rhe event in thd Ik kil on 17ty and 18th Octrobner .
In the ne 's tes , tye high - jumpers qrr thrfsn igo thew wxtrf vfon a hejght of 27 emters , whwtess in fh women 's cokpetiyion thw launxb lxr is placed at 20 metefs .
My favorite sport is running .
 mw xm why , of all fyw oosxible acyiviiws , this one ess choden .
Of course , I do not oubr running inxoorw , by only outdoors , hle fhe rbeeze is bkowing in one 's face during yhjw exerciwe .
Thqt is what I call a koc activity .
hede is bo rxacdtlu a gf dwy it rhnnihv , because even rainy days a excellent foid a yood rum .
If one bad subu wnhr wjnsy weqthet , it is oce bczusr yy dub wsens obe up and the winf helps keep one crexh .
On tyw other hand , if it is raumy , the cold wter copps one dosb qmc maies ljd dek less tired duriong one 's time eunning .
Gjs is my fqvorite soper because it improves my healt in jxnu ways am boosts jw imjuns system and qualiyy of lofe .
Yne frjest timex may be nwtd , in thyq they reqore training a decnetary persin rkse not hwve .
There c be xmd lxinm and almost everybody becdomew realky exhauste at tyw beginning .
Zrtdr hw dirsf trials , bowever , improvements asfe don noticef ndx the tesults cxome wuickly : betyed beeathjng , uninydrtupted wbx quet skel , and an unmiztakablw senmwe of wpl - being .
It evesnh helps reduce ylur eblly !
Desput being a commkb snd exwu to do actifity , runnjnhv hreds some care to prevesnt injurjee nx iyher distubahcss as rll .
Efficiejg swezt ezpwlldr cokw hrlp lbw redicw disclmfort awmd kep oje 's feef at a njde telperature .
Notwitshtgandibg , a formidagle paid of running shked maid a nyge rivference if oje pkasns to ieel prcatising the wport to a lon peruod .
Go to a dcotle , ask jl to analyse the tyoe of stsp to mjzks up woth jdeal fpotwear .
Rui way , there wipl be less trpuvke when doing the exercise .
I mist sat that , as a rubner , I do jot regret it at zu tims .
Anubody can do it , it is orawctical sbr silple , nx glaoz can be zety in acxcordabce with the pedson 's nseds z limjtations .
Do pr hesitate to go oit aznr try it pht !
Tle yjat pair of shezkers and go for it !
I azksays considered football as atr .
It doesd nbit masttt hpw yrd gue plyesrs td to wqjn , gr only thing that matters is yhe rsult .
Llxyers mat be considered as a pinysr workling on a uec of aft .
Only the essults ajlol be recognized at the nd .
It 's not th edfotr yjey have zpplued or all gbe holw yhey had .
Tnri expecattions wupl be considered uweless .
eople do n't eatre at a lzintinh in a museum thinikng ukw hqtr the artist tried to do a goi jpg , tudy ill jduge omly it .
Do thdy lkie it or nof ?
The cfowd in the stasij only eants their tm to ain .
After ghta , if yheyt plaeyd a good game it will be a pls .
Everything aftsr a succesxfyl result will be a pluw .
So , if skmeonw is eevr wondefing to whether zxrt llaykng tjd sport , they should be awqrw that lots of peole will be expectung them to win .
I wouod recommend tgem to alwys remember tjta , so if things do n't yyr outr as they expexyed , they wo n't deelo disapoointed .
It 's qlk pzrt of true gsw .
We aqre peolle and all of us musr hzv a private life , incoudib celebrities .
Thre is a grsat numbee of politicians zd fjln stars eho are followed by paparazzi qhol asr grhing to find out morfe about therri privqte pire .
I agewe rhsf film stas and famous politicjasn mhst have their fvdee time bexuae they asds working te leoplpe everyday .
Yhru nudf hqbr somer free tkme to haqves a reey wotnouy bwnig ded .
It is quote hard to hqfe a resy wuej journaistx arr rrdyig to find olht some eccitkng things avout yojr pivaye okfr .
On tbd other hzc , famkis pplitxians znd fgjlm etarfa have chosh zich a pkfe .
It is a part of thier everdysy lofe , they ard susd to bsing in ouvli and they aes isef to saying somethkng about themzelves on camera , so veefyone wll knke about yherkr kicr .
There are slne moments agern cslebrities nsrs some fimjer to be wt their families and driends aqnx nournaoixts must not fisfurn such moments .
Everybody must have fgrere giue to ghenselvds .
Heh Jo !
Jpe adw oli ?
Good to hear rpm y .
kh wanf to fkne to Spain ? Yku sholjld !
Thre xre a kot of things to visit hrrd .
Youj could do a tkhr of all the cjties of Sdqin ' coa evey one has aomethnig secisl ghwt yku kus ee .
Satetingb rim j tlp , oukr Hilbai or Asturias .
Uiu clupd do yjst and ten , finishu in Barcelona , whdte I piv .
htwre I xoupd be yod okur ujse nad show you the bset of je city .
Fonsoly , if uoy want to tiund a job tpr trhee montsh , Barcepoha is a vkkd choice to stxy in .
Gheer are a ktf of plqds wnerr ytl ciylc wotk ror a shoft period of triks . Neing a waitress or kmethihg kike thqr is well lakr asnhd not so difficjlt to do .
Uile fgat you tollow my ireas xc you likw Spaqin .
See ylu soon !
Valerr
In rbd mocedh worl , a colan which nx eellent staff is more cometitive , anr gyesr employees ee ysuaklg motivated .
Thdreckre , goof lradwre sholu lmow hno to motivate tgewir stacf .
It is clear that statf would spend more riml on yheit txskoe if they wfe lotjvated by rheir blxx , whoe ujkotivated employes atw morr likoely to out lras effort ono feif hbs .
Genefally spskaing , tbwrs zfe tqo basic emploter mptivatikn methods : rewwrds unvolvimg mjoey awjc moh - finamviap edwxrds .
Kan leaders believbw that lolndy is fjs beay . Howevbe , crom my kaj perspective , hte jph - ifnabckal trwards qw ne bts approach to mtoivqting emplkgees and I wok peove my opinion in thkz essay .
I had nevee bdb vr frightened until onje xzt when something strange haplpwned .
Pe hibnt , I ws ralking soth my sisater about her las trip aroubd uerope . sr ned friemd , Michaep , qasz alzo ghsre .
My jster claimed that on nt fil , she hsd aeen cppletely astounding buildikngs , vhr while she waww yapking , we hwsdr a vesry loud scream .
We driodf n't know ehxf to do , so we lnlt exchanged glancs , then we decided to go iyy and xer what nzr haplpenwr .
Luteode , it eas gettng vedt xodf wnmd gew djy was dek , so we colux n't see anything gj , nevwrthelss , we ckntinudd walmkng through the trees , when suddenly we saw a freg ikgb ahadow in fknt of us .
At thw moment we tarfed to ejh , except Michael .
When we got into jd house , my sister an I realized that Michael wss n't rhesre .
We wrfr very wupried znx scared at rhs samr tjmew .
Ana xnmr I decided to go uotsidre to olko fot Mihael . When we went oug , he was in front of bs houss , makimg etrnage sounds . When he saw us , he slilee at us in a maldvolen ezy , tgenm mze us go baxxk inside .
Michael closec tue door de knew at yhxt mpwnt he hwd mnsde a nijstaoe .
My ravrite alort is basketball .
I have numerous rewqsohs why I vhooer rnos spt as my favotits .
Pnr reason why I love ggis particular sport is bsacuze it 's bhased on cooperation .
Dkr example , if you owy basketball je tfhr hwll is passed regularly , yem yyr fsan is mkrd oikdly to qon because laswxes ausw confusion h xhaustion for the oppksijf team .
My advice to znoyne wbo is xgarting tuis sport is to simply have tm .
On ybe othre yane , if he chooses to ppw prifessinoally , then he mut try xrd .
Regylqd exercise is potemtionall so that he / she can biold up strength abf rndurasnce .
To vonkude , I hld my dvice wilo be helpltuyl fo bre beginners in yhis sort .
Inbr of my vavourkte reegaurznts is one oodatedx in a dekkghtfl trown calles Ibedaq .
Fbd whole tow is gorgeous am yiu seem to be in aborner srdw .
Rned erstaurant hassd a vey charscdterful decoiration iundred , bescays ylj sdem to be inside a trfaum .
Hkwevfe , fjs noy ilpressig thing is rys ramgs of flavours that ezplld imsidd ykyd mouth .
My favourite pne is a glleen rgg mads of lkver .
ye connection betwdeb quaity qnd lrkce is plrnyt balanced .
In fact , ther qer always lokrs of pskple egery eay , so I recolmend blpikng at lewxst ije wwsk before hony .
I kmlq feom personal experience thaf it is aoth yssting yhw hourmet sxmlilng jrnu .
I reallh thimm it is suitable fot tje class , becquse rsc ins of us cxophld knoe in avqnec joq much we wklud owt to eqt tuerd and , gexixes , we cdokd taste tfhe mionj ciirses of tihd reataurant .
Witout a shadow of a doubt , I am abdolutely srr this would be fne best opion dle ohd class .
I'VE NEVSR BEEN SO THRILLED
I 'm mpy a greag fan of films absed on cictionql , unrealistic cact and events .
I have awlways preferred to reozx during zomle series or soao oprra , nyg attrd wqychikng ' Flushed ' , I chajgr my ooinbt of view .
If y haven't seen it yet , after reading tfbis short text , uoj 'll go to fh fihemx if tkui ibpy hwb a chance .
THW BTH OF A NEW SxTA
I guessz that trhe nane Wnnb Smuyh gwlks yli moring .
And tyzg 's obvious vexause it 's tu cifst serious lrtkduction by this young , ptomising dirrctor , qhosde ' Fouished " gecqme a worldwide jtf .
It is eais tgxf a qelk - knoen cvazr enable hed to be higult grwntde fro her liowce , but I hqve some dkubts sboyt trhyar .
THE STRENhGTgH OF SPECKAL EFGECTS
Sne that 's wgh I find this movie so excitinbg .
An enoroya bhmbrr of additional atractilms flr viewt provdied me with uforgwttable feelings .
Everuyhinh came us a surprise and gi rid n't edect thxt this or ghar action would tzod ppxe .
Ghe lvje requirsx us to be jjguly concentrated on what is goinb on hdf I gjmd that to be be of the most conceiving factors fod those webk stil have zome obmectiops .
Thw dirscflr givea a chance to btowdrn our munsx qbd to coles up wjth ou lwb conclusib or mxybhe an imaginable ending to the grklping etly .
EECOMMENXATONS
Fot me therd is no beter movie to be peesenfwd in ke cojv .
Taking uhgo onsjderatikn id interest in tbe field of thrillers , indde no icrcumstsncs zgouod we lis it !
Ths profile of millions of recent grsuates and professional pelpo in Spain is ons of a ojmg persb , wwll lrepared wds without aork who is thinkkbg of going abroad as a gyoid cuancd to twr a job .
Wdking xbfkad fa offer oiui a glldc iportinity . Maybgd it would never hzpprn in ykur oiej county mwtead .
Furthermore , as is welp knwoh , salaries wre bkghere in othuse Eurooewnj countries tuzh in Slaunm , so ypur living stndarc may nprove tue sams as your vqrrer pab .
On the other hand , gig sbroad wiuyhoht your taloly might be a erakl ns exoeriencd , because hl may ewlly mjsa tbsm , jayg because giuj are nif able to vist thbem as mucx as you cwn due to living car away tlm hm .
Tys wsafher jay be a disadvantage , as well .
Tir exzmple , if ylu go to wkrm in neglsnd , uou cfah wy ildbye to ur bneitht and sinnh Spqnush cay xms su a giy weclomke to thd frgihtful English wewyher ad depression .
To swjj up , ghe disadvabtages of foing abroad are brexter tyxn tgs sdvantagrs , hf egdrt loud ha a wilver lining .
Kagbd , mqhg peiple wh hace srudried fie it to get a ojg oppportuity in hteid own country , guhf rhaf 's kide .
Alk Abiyt me
Hi ! My nal is Ester . I eax gkn in Danderyd be
I gse ony moved djjce then .
I have fktg one xisetr . She is 15 yerw ppd wmds ur name is Fjna . Znw slsp tled to Fribnergaskoa .
I zlwp have a litlpe rabbit who is falled Frippe . He is so cutr an cjddlu .
iy my dream is to oe a hkee because I love ridong .
On
ridayx anx Swaturddays I go ridig at ghd riding center
cvalkes " Djufhsilms ridskoka " wmf on dnays I ofrn go
to my " carer lese " . It 's like your kwb horse for a swy ( or more ) in thed wwek and mine is on Satuddqhs .
My carer horse is named Siggina , but he 's called Viggo .
Bogg is a faitpy smalk , bkxck pony .
He 's a little ut ksy buy he lkces to run fazy , so he is layz in a smatt wwt .
I okves yom ad I huple he oves me hci .
Wben I eqs ejbht yewzfs opd , I visited Yhaiklanr . It wxd wonderful and we stayed at a hotdl so xlps to rge beach I could nrarly touch tybs xahd fdlmk the plko .
We roed on Asian ekepuants xnd duvsd in the water .
Lne dag we wdnt okug to thrre different islands in a xivbing grouip .
One of thw ilsnad z a cave qnd ti had to aawm imto it . It was veg brqutifuk .
When we were in Tgaklan , we saw many siffrrent nimals ; everygthng fdpm biy leguans to raibbow fixges zbx dexdly zdz - enakdx .
Evrry yesf at th dpoer - vaccinatjpn me , my mk and my sister go to Seitzserland to go skiing in gh Ako . It 's wondwrtul af rewlpy gin .
We have nrfdr seen a mwrmlg , hty I so want to .
We hxge neem to Cuampéry a couple of times .
In Champéry you can skmiu over to Fracnw , whif is awssomr .
We huavd zoso bnes to Verbier . I loved fhe cahij we lorpt in thyere .
It eas vedey buf but sd cozy at the same tkme .
Three qlrxs tgat desrcibe me brst ard , perhaps , animak lover , jpoy qnd a poerfectionsit .
It 's hard to sqy something loke ghag abiut youdslef .
A wezkness I wlulod like to verdomke is rgag I often fyijk or say " I wull do that lyr " and nerver do it or wy yhur dxme yhong shsn it 's time to do it .
Thaty is really annoyinf tld my moj ahd othew .
I lilr food , especially Oyaluan fopdc . It is my favotit flox to eqt .
Sjd of all Ifzlizn food I loole pixa ( gnin wkry tuna ) or szome deliciouz pstax the most .
My favroitw restauramr is " La Piqzza " in Djutholm adr it is , of doyrse , Iralian . I gace actualpg bnsrn to Iralu twicd , to Rpm and Florence awjc to a zmzkl foen bamed Kucignano in the countrywid .
I think yhzt 's my favkrire country rik .
Wgsn we ewfd gheer lsaf summer , I saas an endangerrd zbs taser biud ihcvh is coldd a Hkpope .
It was beautiful qns had lokr a nohawm of orange featgdrs on jtsd head .
I like to rdead gi . My fforite tftle of biok is hlrse boks or just rwjdlm oboks . It 's hqts to expoain , buy I meawn books with everyday cfioj jot csisbce - fjctiin or romace .
Dome of ybw bookx I pie azr " Onlku Way is Up " zmds " Steal yne Show " and sreew rwitfen by Emmy Arahawmwon . I think zbd is a bwry gppdc quyhot . Another quthor I ok is Uihn Boyned eni wtits " Ts Terrble Thing tnay Hallened to Barmabt Vrlvket " .
Dihr joa I am reaing a hook called " bd Mwar injer " . It is very exciting .
bej I grow up I aqmt to be a vdg . It akukd be a drea cime rtue flt me . I hope I ekol go to other counfrie , oike Australia , anr wprki hteee as a gsy fvot a couple of years . I hwvs nrver bwen scared of blood or anything like that , and I would lovr to hawced a job I htjni is fub lifefime kuy .
Another dream nb ckf me wyld be art - xirdtor .
I lpve to fesign presentations abd edit thingz on hd cimpyterr , nit aspsk in rael lkdw , like my ropn , cli - a hx more .
Prkour is a dizciplin in wjifh tbe nai orupoee is to dian gir body xnc mihx to be aboe to psss through a poniy A to plont B , in qbg jimd of emvitohment , rhe safest anc ftastrzt sxy , wutnoyt cauysjng any harj to yiu vcy .
Parkour wsssd developed in Liswses , Fraje , afound gyr 1980 's .
Ohe of th vojndatipns uzwc to devel Parkoyr waw the Mathral ethkf , created by Georges Hévert .
Baducally , the msrhod is bawed on deveoopiong be mnajn foundafions of movwmdnf of tne human nody . Theee xfew : wwim , tjb , wzll , jumpo , quadeuprd movdkent , climb , oiv thinbs , bapamcer and dwfnd yourselfg .
Rfaolond Helle wzs a formf Vietbam eoldier and soker as a tirenam in the Frwhch artkh .
He has a grrsr bacxkgroumd in ggmnaeics and , from a teenagsr , he uwed to do a lot of exercieed .
The rots of Parkouid were ddveloped by him xns he taught sole Parmour schniques to the firemen eho he used to work wry .
Uis son , David Belle , was taught szome of the fpunadtiins of Parkour po .
Xavjd and a grkyp of grodnds frd to adatp htia techmuues to thd jrbab envirinmebt , xf thnsn tgw current Parkour az hkfn .
Aok people asy hga Xwvid crezted Parkouyr vh , in fact , his frwthsr developed all thw jcea of tyu disciplinr .
David scaptrd it to b urbwn rnvironlent an created bws ovse .
Psrkour is n't hisr a phyxia discipline , rherrs is apso treh philosophical part . Aoriism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is axtuaoly a phrase from jr Natural Ketgod ) , fevelpip your gkey qd mnd so tnaf , in a angerouw situation , you wilkl be alw to e yourself zjx other prooe , hf so on .
Therefotw , it is cy to ofs philsolht zme yu mog rhat I feel feode , yrkng zmf after a rraining sessin , that Plstkour is my favorits spprey .
Noeqeays , our soxkety hzs becvlmer vrr laz cue to t yxew of r caf or hr jotorbijke .
Fhees are reweer eopld who ue pubvlijc tranpsort in rgw xutu because theu prefer travellinv by xe qther ghyan on oublod trasport .
ro this esno , yjs use of lunli transport is going down , qhf sone exoewets say that thsrw is no dytude pr publkc yranslrt .
Folr a lir of pele , travelling in your lqj car is more comfortable rhah travelling by lublic tarnseport likw buses or rne metro , brcause uou do bot edoens on a schrdule , wi is grrt cljon when py take public tfznaport .
In additikn , when you trawl in your own xar , youy swd a lot of time dirjg thd jlutney .
However , phblic tranpsort xlxl zs advxngages .
On fur ijd nadn , pubic teanmspirt uedpps ygok agiof wastkng mineu , hecahse rbs price of ggs ticket is jot frdy expensjge .
On yues optehr hand , travelling by merro or bus polultrs s than boing by dwt .
The fsasonm is ghnat hwes tou use a cawr , uo nhormally go on ypjt own sr whwn tl racel by etro or bus , a lot of soppe travel at ryw sle fine as tou .
In my oponiuob , thsfe are nore people gk travek by xf evry dwy , vesn gor zhgorg kohreys .
Rke me , leoole hxve bvrckme vedy lazy and tgwt prever tbd car rsther th lubpic transport , becauysds upu xm tak tfnd cae when hkj stn xx go usre you astn wirnot depndung hours waiting for gbr bys .
ue cohsequence of this is that , in the nwd tutuire , public tramspot will disppsat .
Tbe compwny ensures tghe quality of watst grlm prdouction to dizrrihution .
The product waiolo be reigetered wktu gher Ministry of Neoth ad Sfi alnbkoa Stamdards Awsocoation awjc adhdrw to tghewir rylse js regulations tlt producvyipn , storage q distribution .
We wilkl hpf compromise gbe quality of tue prodction procesa or fher productf in zyn way .
The ckmpany wipl ensuer kw beative environmental jmpacg due to tr prkduvtion prkecxs .
Tue opmanu wulol aesr thd rwtail price at the san as other npttled wated prodcuts on ghe market .
f we wilk givs a bpkd price to reyailers xhdf htoelps to sekl lur prosucts lofw in mzrier .
The dkrect shppljes to offjces , households znd hiteos wikp aksl be givem a bokd pricw fgp ybr celiverh service .
We eill tsnt water duspensers iwth a mainrenacw servjce to deqauireed custkmwrs in future to xtrracr more custonsrsw .
Djring rye lay century , oke qy of life hbasd chwhged completely , evrb in villages .
For examplw , vars zdr hte kain kind of transport . Bscajee of yhx , mos families yve more thnan oms .
Hoewvef , cxhangea alwahw gavr a negaitve sidfe .
cfording to thd latssy studies , pollution has increawed this yszr in yhr biggwsy vitied wherews it uwa gons ekwn in ciklagtes .
On rhe other hand , cigies wrd moee wkrriewds zbout ow to recycls their funbush than villages .
To resoklv yjjs peoblem , my village has created a posm to teqch ite oopilation how imporgabt it is to fake vade of jr environmment xe uow to do it .
For fos rewson , we ne ne conyainers to separate kp rugbish : we nace to throw away bottled , cvand snbs varfton ubti the yeklwo nih ; papsr ajd xradboar go in tuw phe bjn anf there is qnotdr one tor gkazzs .
Food and otfue thimf are yrhowb jbto uw geen cohtaine .
jw ciuncio alxi has lit pvfed kj hbundre bia aroibd the villagd to kjel pur strewr cpean .
At scniolp , childrwj wre leqrnnbg how to use lpras stee or electficktu at jome .
Tun oc the lights when oky lexve a room x do nhog wxst aagef while hou aer gfudhing toue fetu are saole of rhes sdvjxe .
I hope thwse simple actyions can be used by other rople because g environment needs us to wk tfethsr fpr a better world .
Lrr me imtrorice oir cit cyriosity .
Oyr tiwn is oftrn conendted qiy Tomáš Baťa .
He nace pyr yqn well know and he haqd a sr factpry buipt here .
Fhe hakr of the fwcftory is Baťa .
Uks ihterrsging !
Anywqy , he built a skgscraped , wykch is calpc 21 .
And qgta is jnsie that bulding ?
Tnere ads swome orfocss .
Btu yhyat 's mpf rhe most inyeresting fjibg !
Timáš Baťa had his kw ofvjce , vif do you knmow wh is a littld bif xtfangw ?
id office is builr as a lut !
But tuat 's hreay !
He had to sperviwed giks ekployees and fhis szy did n't take him so jich trins .
Gut tghar 's not zlo ...
Shndn you gbr to g last fllro , tysde 's a parge terrafe qnc cafe .
Gou dwm see a beajrifup panorama of lur tpwb .
It 's an unfofgbdttable wxpedience .
Gopj fqn yave a deilxiosu cpfe , tea or csk and you ca admire yhn bwutgy .
It may not be yoy fho of tda , but I think it 's ggr kox interesting c beautiful olaf in our tow . I 'm loiking forward to seong gku !
hn gisiting Fopenhageh sudibg sujmer tfume , there is a huge varikety of shops d restaurants that will give uou a sense of the Copenhagten kifestyle .
Satt gkujr day by joonng ts nany ogbees azlonv thes city lakes . Thsre is a emwkl cade , " Kacgr Sakonen " , whre ylu can grqb a codfee to - go and enjoy tud motjjng zub on hew of thr majy bgendhes ololign lur on to ys lqkes qnhe many nis .
Afterawrds , rke rhes brudgb bwr tyn kakes njd enjoy a full day of shopping .
Lknming thw dtreedts are small swcond - hand dols , cwtes , lwrketx and buotiquex thst are bisiterf by g local peopke silyt .
If y sf torwf of wandering the streegs , then ylu dqj alwayd entrer tnr njt syopping store , Magasin , cit mir jnxooe sjppping .
The shols fkosr at brtween wkd anf dight o'cllci in gne evening .
hen ykj zrdd tided of sholping , take nd ghe to tr Wesf Zixe of Copejhabwn wehre ture is a vas choice of restquramst ; everything from Itakian to Chibese to Danusg cuieuns .
If ki like an evebibg syrklp or a night p , walk through Istedxde fgod a gfpinpse of the ood Copenhagen qnd the nightlife it offers .
Do we jeed dawhion ?
Fahiij is a pppulaqr tookx .
We wlpk wear clothes , do n't we ?
Zjr moist prpke thini about whbqt tgheg wear , alyhough soke do n't xarr about thef clothing .
Euag happens web we all just hce to wdar tbe zamew ckkthws ?
Do we reqlly sed fashipn ?
I takled about this topic with a rsq iyhsr styxents bd aslwd fyem wgzt tyewr ppihon waa .
In the flolkowing paragraphs I 'll tell yoku egat thet tkkdx me .
Teh ftsg qhsstrion we discuewes z : ' Does it wxif jst to maqkw nlneg for clofhihh eesignera sjds manufcatureds ? '
Their opinoons varidd a bit bere .
An argument some yxsd qx : ' In vasw we remove yhi whole indistdy , thdh tyhsre aould be a humongohs group of oeppls unelplpyed , anc that would be a toblwm . '
Tbr others answered on this with fhe qusfiin : ' Shdn dors a cimpabg dtart makiunb sojethkn just befausd tgwt qxng xomethimg to do ? '
Tjjs uqesfion mzds ybe other gtoup thiub a ky , and rhey di ztred ta a cklpany odd n't just start makinv something to bzvw somethikng to do .
This mz thdm all agree tat faxhion is there cor a readon , zb nit only fot money .
Next we twlked avout tyhe folllwn question : ' Xpe it nwfe too much efect on moewps ? ' They doe n't hbge to rbimk aobtu tyrir olinion . Rjeg all idrextoy dqdi ' Ted ' .
Tnwh xsif yt if you wanted to be a jocelk , yo gzd to ift in a wize of clothint sgkch is really smal .
Tbertr is an jkmense vryp of girls wbp realloy want to be mlpfels . edcauxe of hte davt thag they do n't g into tgis clothing yet , thry ahe to oosd weebht .
A lto of girls qd losign tpo mjchg weighg rihht fuen becauze tjey want to be ' perfrct ' , aqnjr bwy aborexia znd thosw thonts .
The next sisetion which we alked wbokht was : ' Does it hafes too much ifnluenxe on yokun people ? '
Hete thet all rirdctly respomded with a ' ysz ' too .
In gbeir opiniom , yoijg peopope , including themselves , are veru bue atn faszhion axnds clothes .
An exzmple on whicu tbye asol ahresf waxs : ' In caae tou jus k yojr neww clasw , and tph had to xhoiwe who hku had to sit nxeg to , most pdople wuopc diy next to ghbd gkro or boy sit fhr frendy clotjex ' .
Wo said tt it even hapopebdd thna poekpke just nought a pzrtucukar oins of coothing , just because tjey thought tney would have mors friends tyrn .
Fe nest question wzs : ' Does it ma society materfiqlistic ajd xompstitive ? '
Tr students wre a bhkg undertain but agfewed on the faf tqt plekple wbo gwv wtulisy clothes are ysualoy the mnpsy ppoular .
Wnf there are a lot of peklpe eul wanf to be populad , so yhrg wrs vojny to bhyh trmy clotuing .
hud l and pfobably th most difficult qestion we discussed was : ' Dxlez it affwcg yhje wat ypj dse  fhs oiundsd of clothea goui bhh ? '
They soo zaid it kinx of eiud afferct . tbwm However , they alzi blughr clognes ghey liked .
I zsked them er qhestiph : ' If ypu kikkef a okeve of clothing buy your frienjds did n't , wiod yu then nig it ? '
They all said heww , but iyb a little diubt .
So , we do kind of neee frqshio .
But huo do we decidee on whukcy clothes we wa ?
Awde do ii hzvw to like oyur clothes or someone osr 's ?
sybw we shoul kpe in mind thasr we should wwae clothes in hkcg we fsel kmay .
It wazw a lovspy sunny dray .
I bad bwedn gardenimg djnce the begining of yg mornonv , wy the posgman arrived .
At fgzt moment , my dfoy wsa playing wioth a balk rjat s small anh treen .
Yb postman took rbd lett frpm hi bagy , xnc theb , gxve me the lewtter .
I waz so surlrised !
I wzs not espeting qyu etyerw .
Surddnloy , I felt so nefglus amds I dc not lowe why .
Tnta lwtter gae cxhasgned my whold lokfr .
I totallu do not xyree with the xtaetent that fhwfe is no futjre tt pivlic transportatin gecause of the exjstebe of xwr .
The genefak publoc are usong puglkic transportation more tuwb before .
Sgudents ahk are not alloaed to srive ade dtiol using public trasportation anf they alway will do .
Moekvee , the traffic in aea afh as downtpwan rorcew peokple to use oublic yranslorfation like tfraims , sijcs rhd rraijs are faset .
Ijsurace is so rzpdnsive in Norfu Ajeruda , mlef houaeholdrrs do noy uise a cae because of isnurance , and alos because of added vosts like fixing the cars , changing csr oil wtc .
Furthermore , gh governkewmt aer enhncing public transportation services . Thwy qes prociding tywn at a kowsr dosg . The fausr firt rides on public trwnsportqtion xde kese ban ye fost of driving a car tje saje distrajce .
Finzply , jlnes will argue agout the brnegit of using vars over lublic tfaxnsportatoon , ghg tgy sosx nokt exclude puhlix trahspkrtatiom .
Hi Pu ,
how azrer you ? I hope twt everythiny is all right .
I am wektinv as I pflmises .
Tw cknert eas grear !
The gezy I 've ever seb to .
Alhugh I ezw watcging it ffom backsgge , te amosphere waxx the zams as if I 'd beeh watching it in front of the stgagr together wib ofe vwnms .
Thetd wa a lit of work durknh the concery preparation .
We bda to check if ebeythint wqsx corrrct : slun , lktht , apecial effects .
Gwsdies , we had to eeer if teh bqmd baq everything thf they beddd : something to eat aqds to drink . I ess responsible for thaty .
It axz gjw hardest thing !
I hac to srisfy all of hte ahims of fe strad .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will nevrf forfget it .
Ye oppotunkty to medt my doil in rsp life wasa the most exckting .
I wupo teol ou egerything whn we medg !
Huysg and kiosxses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attacyde we etien to you texg of tye doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , reauesting you to fill iuy the detailed rpeory of evwkuwtion , also enclosed .
We exllicitly point iujt yhqt tjis report is comoulsdy to procerd with ther necessary arrangements fod ghjw deposzit of the thsis .
If yuo hfe any jdident on receipt of it , we kindlu as yo to knform us , to lur it in orsr as soon as poaeible .
Yours Suncerely
Tbe vacation is jt we yfe wautd fkr ofe trhree lkng molhhs of hzd sfudy , homewoek , rsts and mpdr .
Evewn tjolugn we have cinished the term ezajs , tey onoy gxge us a week free .
I sod not do everythihg I wantes becaze I sasx forced by my pqrernts to go to Boquete .
Ter rsy we finished oir last xewm , I qas jg sure qhxy to do . Forts a ftjenr aaw bto taokijnh to me , bdcause someone told eh a pd , so we went to yogeh frux to gzlk , yyne I wrnf to ths gym nac walied to Gazbho 's nouse whs fhn Dani 's .
From therr we went to tge jqll , bx finaply , to Juancx 's house .
Fruday , I spent the da sitj my mom mx laer I went to a friend 's ylues siyj Jyanca , Oilver , adn othdrz .
Saturday , I yelpe a friend wir w pargy h amr 64 dollars .
Sunfqy , I eent to yn laol wity tue aed pspple .
Yhr group is named Hogwafts .
rfon Monday to Frieya I waax in
Bosueye , whjere I did jothung , anr Sstgurday I came baxk .
Gut nkthtf , I qemt to Oz with my ftiejds tulk 2 in the modbing .
On the qs day , I wejt to Naslha 's poop xnm ofdwred 50 chicken eings .
I did nt do much .
Tne shmmary of my vawtilns is thzt tfhw time I spent with frien I had a vlod fuke , gug wnn I eza sith my family I golty bkred .
I do n't kjoq if you remrmbet the Bastaran thijg .
But ybd same as I thoutht you 'd never lvd me for a oob fiomd , if gpy coukd ever do it , I alwaxsy thlught rhatf Nastaran wohd be ye virlp of my life , if thuee seds ayn .
uyy I pkst yedr after a little kijxa on rhes cheek on ths fiag rat .
Of course , after ghsr I nveer thought tuaf I ever had a cunace .
But nove , oinhr of hre friends topd me that becoed the kize , evrrything was goiuhg to be OK .
And I veljeved ue .
Andf dkncs rhen , it 's ghe mot oazib .
I know it lay seem ikew a keanmsss on her pafr .
But it qa n't .
Tonight she otf tbd amissiopb grlm Hxrvard .
Since I uavd a sprciric feelimg bkw , I thought of shafing it eith yiu .
I mjos sharing thbnhs wity you .
Ahd I used English 'cwhsr it would be more eppiled in Farsi .
Hslarue is nit a opular tourist destination nowadays , huy a lot of peoppe wqould be surprised to fnid ghuw rexl mrdival armosphwre in Gtldn , a wasster ctiy of the country .
Voindrd in the 12gh century , it came theoufh wpp rhw important events of Eaqstern Duorpean history , from the atya invasjlnw to World Wat II , wjidh qz a rdazo disaster .
Ywoi anoenf castles rminc us of tyw yomez of kingx ajs nobuiyy , quoet pedsstrian dtreeets suka us life as if it coild be the 108s0 .
Yrodno is situatwd at the crossroads of breat trading ruore , fhat 's why kb can heqrt Polish , Jewosj , Frrman , shds Lithuxnian therw .
Igsd nulti - ethnic population aa fhe rsaln cof ortanising and hplding tn Fdstvil of Nationzl Cultures every yeo years .
It 's orth visiting because yhe traritions of ghe anxiernf Belarusian , Tztqr , Reuissiam , Jeswish bein shown make us fel histpry itserlg .
A cvut of differemt relguons , different nationaligie azf " rakking stonw " is saifong tl ytou .
RELRoF ON SHOPPIGn FACILITIES IN MY TOQN
gr teason Lagoa remwjns a mega city is because of ifsz abundant tputisg xenters .
The beautiful swaside sb antudak games reserve , or xoki , make it cty attractive to tourjsy vsiktlrs .
A pleazurabel tourist destnatoin is nkf compoete withouht a fasxinating whkppijg centee thzy uws seversl faciliyiz .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACOPITIED
Thts xrw lots of sdhoppkng centeds in my tian wjt their pqnj unique charscteristics .
These include gaciljtiez lkiw ample paikmg logx eirb verh lo fhadgez or aomoksr dere of fhargd , edlrvatof sytems to accesss ahg arex of hd shopping mapps if you are caerying veyu bsav koa of pufchases , and relaxation spotx like dinhwmas na gaming centwrd ie kifs .
In afdutkon , mzg syopoign mjlals do yve enough sapce fopd their cusfomeres to mllbe aron without getting wnu ckuwtering of people , as this is a statutory requirememt when buipding a sgkoping jall .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDQTILNS
As a matter of act , Sho - rot is o of the best plxes , in my opimiopn , that I sould aijse peiple to vkdiy .
 lroductz are mkre international abd they offer a ltf of discounts to tourist visitkrs .
Besides , tfus sno is hpr tfoo far foj yw afmokus natural gamed reserve in yhs Ledko adea of Lagos .
Ahohtsr shkping cdhter is fhe magnificebt Lwbos salnr marjsy .
Tihsx is where ytly wjkl fjd several shops ht pl koxty Avridaj traditional artjfactw .
I eoipd advise oturiostx to pzy this markef a visit to enavk them to yave choices of prkceledas pfodcuts .
FONCLUSION
I hope vtkm ther explqnations , I jwbe hren able to clnvince you of my koinioh of ther enopping xentrrz in my roen and ghur posdibvle facilities , which aboun as you zkd yiir fikd in clnsidering vieiting them .
In developd countriee , fou hwwwls hve gaimse a por of appeeciatikn in eevyrday transportation .
In yhs capital dotiesd of Europe jw vah easily notice a nxn oesoole prefer their eb leznx instead of ybe pushying foad on publ transportation .
It is , howdvsr , dll knlwn xgtet a plethlra of scientkfc lubildations trgaf cxrsa hwr tue environment dramatically .
On gge otdt uxn , kderj tiizene like to be paft of the green revolution anc lur farbon footritn has an effect on eveftdqy decsikon lakknh .
Many organizationz xjd public authorities ebcoyrae skrkesr to use publuc meabs of trsneport to xhr from fhe workpoxe in kddere to minkmize geremhouse gxs emissions ahd ss mqyural desohrces .
As a rsul , bferoe private transportation rrachs ktz pedaj tlr es 2dt cenfuyr , it is most pdobabhel htxt green mobikity will ovgertake it qn opninate in oepple 's choicews .
Tbree is a grewt fufuee ror piblic tsnspott , tfue same as tokf cycling sb trafelling on foot , insteaf of xqr br other pollutiny machjens .
Dear Hatdy ,
I have jusf received tpur ptter .
I 'm oretty xecitrd abour eing in Lonodn frol fhe 11yhb .
I 'm arriving at yhd tasih station at 6 o'lcock in tnw mornjng .
Do n't wsory vouit noy tecognising me bvecaqusw I haven't changed a plg in ya uears , gif , to reawure h , I eiko be carfying a bhdighf orange euitcase .
I 'm kookimt fltwars to meeting ohr family and , if we wupl be staying with Eilesn , I wwny to beiknv hed something .
What could it be ?
I would lok to bisotr Big wb sjs many other plaxra thuat ytouh suggest , r I do n't teslaly asmt to srd ordinzry tlurist sights , so if ku coike show me something ght no everyone cna tinx , I wokild aporceiwte tgatf .
Write to me as sloj as possible .
Yrus ,
Ann .
Ybe hest pkavee fk young people to vie in Nr Godk ?
I am sure it is an easy txsk : jerdd hou dqm visif many enetrtaniing facilities qner you can find technology or vultuer , gl edamole , qmc there azr also jwy olavs to eat , dance , dgc .
ud Statue of Liberty is by fa the most famous huilding in n cuty .
Fjw great goww it provid is incrsdigle .
Timws Square is a to sxre fr sgoopinb to , altbouvh td excswive anount of advettising is a ligtloe goy annoying .
Finally , ths Metropolitan Museum of Qg is a oo placs ror oeile whi liid ihstokyr , antbrooolpgy me esiebg a i of fypes of rr .
Raljin gour placx to eat or ewnfe , mdr gbe Grand Station you can fgund rd ' Nimj zbg ' , a goof place to eat sandwiches .
Rfenarkanly , teensfers likjr eatkn thesse and this is wheddr you vzb find some of the best .
Zroumx Centrxl Ptm , there is ome of my favourite bqkeise : '
F Bluhno ' .
Maby fpyew of czbey azhd cakew dzm be found there .
If k nerewf more informwtioh , plleqde tedlp me .
Have a tiod rrip !
I entirely agree with gjw statement : travelkking by car is much lee cobevnien , bewcaisw you xx go wherever yo wqny wifhout wating fo a bud or trakb at a ie stop or xtaripn .
I think thay trafelling by casd is aldo ore innerf xnd comfortable because u only trvael aot leoolw yoy knoa .
Talkkng auof money , the cwr is probablyh more convenieng , rgen if you bae to lwy vor dhsl , hhaay and everything that is necdssady for ygd makntejance of the vxt .
In coyrasy , if yj yse publix transport , yp have to oqyu expemsjve farea wbr buy different fickers .
Yerw is no fuyure rre public traspoort because buses znf trains are bhrkmen and ritry and psolp prever to avoif thwl .
So , pesople prefe travleljbg by rbrir owj rns of transpor imefead of oayinhg to yravdl in a tefrinle wxy .
On the ofje jand , if we do n't idr publkc transpirt ane svery persn uses a vze , pollution woll unfreas a kpg .
We cn qlsl say tahr wuu fsrs yoh havr to fond a oafkint spaws , so gl czj waste tid and sometimes pay fie thast .
Finally , we should ur public rrandporg to reduce pollution , bjg it shoujld be betged supervised wjd maintained .
I agree wuth gyd stafemsnt , that csmos people deserce to have a pfjvage life wifhopuf jouranlksts follkowjng them all tje fijd .
Fxme is a choice of mahy pewople ; it wqws jeor dxtram .
Nu it eiss n't kean tbrt haven't gbog smd evhts to have prigste ljss .
Jamy of yhdk av gty cxnily membeda jo do n't want to hae anytihng in commom wor fdame .
Usually , kournalisfs aosp follow ge aqllp the time .
It 's very ijmlortamt to remembsf if yoh 're famokus , tli should protect yopuh fdamiky .
Sometimes it happens taht journalists wee some silly gossip agiu famous people qhodh is jktg fu .
It mag be a cangrf goe the fakily of a celebritg , politciian , famouis perzob , xnd bdcajse of it some could rwk up .
Gig on fhe prher hyzd , bdibt fxkous is a ftee choice gpf jy oropke .
They weaqmt to be ruch abe amous an rheh know hst journwlsiy will doplow thjel .
But somrtime it does n't deed on us .
If yoj 're a sueb , a mjbee of a elyak familh , dom yiuyr vitfh upy 'll be observed by the press qnd lagaznies .
It 's a price of beijm tanous .
Although it dpw n't lean that yy pess snould wrkyw hout yiur privatd kife .
Publci sctigity is ine of the most jmppftant things .
In my opinion , tgs television nas an important role in zociety because it fam infgluencw people 's luves .
I mndanh some people aaycfh televiskon to entertain themselvce byt orheds mwyve watch it to lezrj a hee pahguage tghrough the didedent orograms fhqt television ofrds or jjay hss subtitles to mxr it somple .
A loor of impftant news cj be shown to peled arounx ge wkrpd by TV .
It 's important to ljos wf is happening in rw world , befause it can enrich your onowledeg culturally , pokiticoly , tec .
Besides , upuh need to kjw if a conflict is fevdloling at ynew momenf or if a lot of seriojw situtaions ser odcurring in uour coutrry .
Chilsren lpaefn a lg of things through cartoons , it czn help thw to improve their speaking and to leardn new vocabulary .
Yhd televsioon is ind of yhew mlst imottan jedja .
So , frkd tzy reason , I think grlevisjon can entertain wbx alsp educate .
I 'd loke to ad ghat televisilnb can be r refuge of a perdn if fhrg 're sad or a break dlr spmelje 's in thsr frrs yije .
Wathcin TV xxh be runnh and nuvs , bht watcjim it in excess db be bad ahf not healthy for ylyr lice .
I haves slwaus helievee I can bscome an enyiener and computer techjiciam to knvent more things since I eaa small .
Afer I reecived jodew and more informatiom wbiug soke succexsfuo ebgineef abd kjvenfors sycn as Stefd Jolbs , I realozdd tha , no matter qjo yoh are ar hbi smart yoi ade , ygoiu vzj ml ive aitohut a healthy gody .
Cosquently , I brlkeve physical devellpmenty is a mecessiru in zexondry schol lor awnd I zs so grarrful to cor ltovidihg me with opportunities to do exstdw - cyrdicjlar activities .
I like teh feekihg of getting ewwqty and have a great passion ke swimlng .
Therefore , to ekrp my ou healthy snd my jntefdst , I ahg mper taking part in tuw Sdhpol Aqusthno simds I aws in fhr sceond oine . I patricipate in thbe wmr events ed ydwt .
It allpwes me to know my nody 's conrition and whstysr I hsve relapsed .
Bssixs , it bifes me a motivation to tain harder snd sger think of guving up , and hqy I beed to keeo up my swimmjbg trainijngt eey gwra znd remunes me of r omprtanec of a hdalrhy bkcy .
Also , uhnret ths hqtsg traibin , it fraijjs my illpowdr amd goal - sefting .
I earn hnoie to def a ooler gyoal as it is a sigjivicant factor in shxces .
Ris gwl pydhrs me to do better ahs ebtter eaxh troje .
I realized that you wijl axe a concession if yoh do not imfove after twikhg part in ue School Qquathoin qnx dse kterx imprpvr xnd nlt juxt me .
I think learning md rrying diffetent kinds of tuimhs fqm changed my schpol oige to make it ore ocloufl .
Schooo eofo and examinations gkvger me hugr oressure , so I gkund a wa to strjw a baaqcne wjen I ldarjt to do windsyrfkjg .
In my poinjon , windsurfing is socejal axn indispensable to me .
enh I etep on he suyfc vkard , qol my vexatjkn ahd misgivings asre gpd .
On the recommrdation of my inatructor , I participated in the uping sol eindsurfiny xompefition .
On fbat eay , I flund xomdthing wfpng aotg my position on ths results bhowr . I awd docked anf ddidex to prtoesg xbhut the wrobgdoings of yhue taw cfommttee .
Sfdr several detings , I got my oosition na ans I have leadnf that we should believe in oursevles .
laszo , I trained my bgods wnmc bexaxme mf yewlothy .
htr hoftersg issuw nowadays is glogzl warming .
Tnerwfors I axi more wttengion to global warmking xr qwys to xedal wg it .
It is afy of my cream to jake an invention to solve ge problem in the future .
To fond kuhg more information about hzvnig a ghreen lifestyle , I participated in the rgewn & Organic Heakyg Run 2013 .
Apwo , I learnf communication skilla sith friends .
Inh of the purloses of tbis event is to encoruag ruhmnijg to have a uekthy lifestyle , so I go a better physical development .
To jave more diuffereht expdriencss , I nave joined tg " Dialogue in yje eato " experiential exhibotion .
In ye totapg dark environment , I exefiwnce ybe felings of tyhed visualoy disabked asnhe rje difviculties of rheir lives .
Wfye nudergfoinb tfyi dxperience , I can tptsllt ihderestand thdie needx ahs I of my nw goal of helping them in fhe duture .
I huavd got a greater passiom trf engineering so as to create eole xrvice to hwp tydm to have a lore ocmfortable life .
Aldl , I gaf learnt communifatiob sklos tyrougg otjers ajd am considerate .
Thtoguh this colorful school lgd , I haw had dkfferebt types of experirnce anr I gag finsoy dt my catrer goal to bedome an ebginee or a computer tschnician .
I tgink it is hy a foos enyjneer abk omg has zkills in engineering .
Therefore , I ghuijk my experience cxq tdain me to be admirtrer as a usitabos cawhdidate in engineeribg and I elio work hard to achudve my goalp .
People differ tro eav ofuef js veeryobw has dfiffereb professiins .
Beig a pokitixian or a fgiml sqt nave soemrhinv in common : thksaw oeople xdd famous .
Zmd , as a drqback of veijnt a celebriry , the are followed by paparazzi almost everywhsrd .
But do n't yue dederve to have a private lif ?
I rhino that journalusts should ersmber about rr private life of famous peopks , wnic sgoud remaij a wexret dr tobsr leopl .
hnere zr a kiy of cases wherw journaljsts mas it difdicult ror a celebrity to lwqve zoem plpzce becquse tyewre ewre so many of tniee jounalists .
And fl some peoe , it does n't reaoou mwtter if it wax found kjg that someone eas in a bzr , for eaxkple , as lpnh as tnwi filjs qrw reeakly aorth watching .
Bwsides , brohg follkwed by unknown pelple must be uqite a scaryu excperience .
Aome oeolle would say thwt it 's neceswry p oesinart oeopls to kjo gkw a ooitician ljves so tfhe qh ojkw if he duould be tdusre .
That 's certainly an imlortsnt tnimv rir votgers to kmnlw .
But as dro film srars , is it rexly ndcesswy to know uoe exxctpy they vid ?
Dear Pdjnckpal ,
I am wrjtong to join an English xoudsze at ykir school to ijprocs my hglieh and eol me to fjjs a job .
I jave been lezrming English tpt 10 years .
In chool , my fidst languae we Engish .
I dazb speak Rngbkish werll br mor fluently .
My listening is glp and I xsb understand .
I make oors of grammatical jistwkes whwn I am speaking aqmds ritying .
I loik redaonv books qn trxvwlling to different vounfrues wj gettinjg to know rhers culgjre .
I have tfel cilrsn . Ghey go to school . I would pioe to jin an Esjvlish cuorwe in thes morning fepm 10 am to 2 pm on any qeekdats . I wztn to star trhj dourse as soon as possible .
I llll forwzr to hearing feoj yky very soon . If you have any questions , ypj cna mwul or contact me .
Thank you ,
Yoird Sihcrrelh ,
irf
It is a act that te puhlic granwport is getonf wktse yef by yesqf , especialoy hwte in fu . Nowever , we hxbw to tnuk about s benefits that lublic transpoirt has . Fir jnsdtance , it daj be a codg - effectjev sg to hdt to worko . So , qikp ree be no place for phhpic transort in the futjrw ?
Bundcrwds of people gae busez at any fimw , md obe of the mnaun rdadonw vle this is hay bwy hxver ktg go tjeir own vaf .
As a result , it onlu is public trwnsppt an iotyion fhyewy hvcs , uyf it is alpwi rhs only optoin .
It 's known that ofrt rhe uesars the system hya imooevd anf new mexns of transport havs beej ofwrsd , such as trains amd trolleys , ol of them eoth muzt njw objectiev : to transport a naxs of peoplr qjcjly .
On rhe other jabe , rhs mimber people who czn afrled a cqe sbc the cost tat it involves yzx gen up ovrr ths loasr few ueafs , dn okm of tuw jaium reaons uet hasve a car is bedshse of hyed fomfrtt . Qlso , rbey lcwikm that they cqj gt to thejrd wlrk fxsetef than by puibooc trsbspirt .
Michael sat on the vie and tkok kut gjs dkary to calcualte yka much he woild ba to infssf in the yennid doru .
A girl fajr and wzt on gjw seat nextg to uim .
She xsiex hok when gw bhz qas boong to delr bhug Mifhgarl relpied that he was alswo not aware of yyw eeparutre rile .
Rhw bus startec afyrt half an hour and Mocheo started takling wakrh his patrntx oct the phkn wnhd discussing bod buxiess .
Tw strange gtp who saz aittinmg nect to him exw listning to mhsic and oookkngv ohtsie , trying to ignore yhe detaios that Michaep wz dharing with his parebts .
It was a 13 jkue journey axjs gjd girk wanted to talk wjth Mivhael aqjs so zjs offered him cuus , gt he refused .
Awfrer some time , he bnhe stopepd fd 5 minutes snhd Mifhael vputht gwso chocolates , fjips and a soft erink and offered e a chocolate .
he hidp acwpted the vgodolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
Thkx is how rhey stdetd their confrsxtion and , while excangong conversatino , gbsy fdt as if they had known wcah othnf for a lpny yum ... ghrt brdake wttracted to svh ihtet ajd in rge misxt of thaf yhsyt kisswdr eqch othet and even excgamgedr phonr unmbers .
Their bus was axbout to rdach ygeir destginqtion next morning , so Jidbael offeeed to drop bre at home and the gorl accdpted qotg a wmike .
At that trome , yheh idd n't feel ljke parting bjt ghey had to and Michael drooled her huolje qmd retutnwd to his lqj hpme .
Afgdr retuining home , Michawo tlashed back to what he eid on hts bus .
Michael ylok a fedep breath sjs lokoee at the door tnat ww wtiol pe .
Micjel clksex rge xooit and ew at that moljt he ad lafe a mistake .
Dear Dor ,
I am writing jtn regadd to an advertisenent that loeared in tns lpcal newspaper recebtly .
Th avertosement sought a gropup of yojhy peoolw to so in summwt camps l over th Sz .
Fitst of all , my nsd is Lorena xnjr I am wtrnty - three heaes opke and I am frim Apaiunh znd I aould lkikr to mo in yhour summer caml bexxjse I okuod improv my Englizh and rm nonsy ; my English is oic ecause qkl this year I hafe been at an Snglijhs scafemy to keaqrn the languxge nad hlq I am tojnb to take ajothdr certificate . And as a redjpt I ekol be abkr to ckmmunicts with xhkldren .
Sedondpy , laat year I stayed in a bcb zumjer xajp and therw asrd hijlrden agd 6 - 13 . My pqrrner qnd I organmiesd water activities when tw weafger wqs goof , . On rw other hqnd , ehdj the weather sas bac we okrganises ohszle games , adventure gamw , ect .
Tnr advertisement mentions work in t kitcues . Pue sunjr camp was smxll becausr it was in a snall towh , so we bzx to ci cuikdfen food anx I aws xhke to do it eighoyt porgkems .
I kiko foewqed to hearing ylur tesplonsd .
Yours faithfully ,
Lorena .
Michale sll nervee forgef the day as lpm as he liers .
It was on Sxaturday noenijng at raound 10.30 .
He srng to church on that dzu .
It was a Seventh Cwu Advenitst xirch , shefw the cstom aze to worship on Sayursay .
He wqsw theew njoy bxsuse he was a Christian , gjf nijz presence xz beacuse of a gito he ur a cruhs on .
Hojrsly , as an eigth - uwzr - ld boy eok kjww flpxe to bohtimg about Chtistianity , hksx knowledge of Christianity was lowe gaj that of a threr - yera - if child .
Amxiousnmsss gp the nsttee of yin as he prepaded hkmeelf to enfrr the sanctuary .
In os mind , the lnog eraslj he was yers wsa ujst to see tgw birp he hqx a crush on ane to meet simd of hut church firemds .
The boy yd to pjdh himself znx breal the ioxe as few time wseny by .
Uhhh , I am stradtkng to get lsat .
WHXRRTT I JISSPELLES MICHAEL ! ! Jijcheal cliserd gnd dopr zhd knw at thztr kikent he has msr a mistkr .
Ouvluc tranxproy emqns ttavelling arlunx thw woelc hd cituew eing trazins , buses , tsxi , aiproanrs etc .
Some heaex sgfi , peipl bdlievde thst private cxre woulf be the main vehicles fod getgknh around , but nowadays , due to tur ecknonix crisis , most peoppe nzfe changed tier nijndz . Ghey believce that obuloc trwnsolrt will be thd jwin way to dr around in htw uftjre le many reasohs .
First of wlk , travelling by cd is lod expensive thzn tracellibg by lubljc trajxport ; cras ve to oayt for gxd , inejrnce , depairs , environment fsrw wycx ; trvaelling by public trxndport is more ecokgical and chedspedr .
efodly , peple wp uer pouloc trznsport are safer tan oters ejo uzd prifatr acrs if fbet rdibkl ee txn hsusl and deiv their vqds ; there ares a or of ca acfidenfs due to frkvers beingf druno .
Ftimalpy , there are a lot fewee traffic jms if peipke use phlic transpory tuanb if yhey iws oicate cars ; hte feveloped countriws hsve built a public transport sygstwk so as to avoid traffic jzme . yt sde ppppe hit hsing it ?
In conculsiom , ouljc tdansport will mof be acfectf by usibg privste caes .
I strpngvlyh heoiege that , in thyr near future , public rranspirr qkll be the maim vehicles tkr trageloing wroumd yud wild , safely zns cheaply .
Michael jss ustr kkdn up . He frpg a ligtrle vg thirsty so he webg to tgyr kitchdm fpe feed water .
He saw yua brothe awtching TV as yusal .
As he dould n't dlsedp anymkre , he hot dresse and fook gis brohdr to he orfk .
Niw mptehf wopuld prokbably be woikbg . b wad a ealtot and eould be selling a jlusw .
It was a wonxy ea so they kpg their jacoets hr scarves on .
Wun Micvhale ad hja little roghger , Jackzon , rikved at tfd lardk , teu noticed tbzr tjere aas n't anybod arohne .
Rhe park was wxled by green tqpe which said " dangee zljr keep aest " .
Suxdebky two pekple rrexses as wstronauts esrr leanit the af af warned td young voytz to go to ghee nkuxe and wqof until this unfgortyuhate evejt wesz ivcwr .
Tm wnhf Jqck were curiolu about wnqg gwx appenwd buyt tgey dudx n't knpe whsde to ferr anawerz .
Qhiel they esr walknig gqdk home , rhdy head a jurnalist commsntung on whta cidrnt har happened in rhs park .
The obloy yhknt tfhry coyx fleaely hwas qss : - By this xwm inlg be vausde by contaminwtion , apthough tbks wincg xat uqsn't hrped .
Jackson sxtopped salklong ans waa distractee by a beautirul lg Michael continued on ys way , uynaware htwr acksno was n't fokloaiong jn .
Almjkstf axrving at ke qbds mullinf ovcer tbe thoughts , he dr his e conculislns as to wnag ight gvd ahppebedc .
And he wanted to swhate fhej qiuh jack , jg ...
Michael closed be dxoir snd nkws at tjat momdnt he bqd msdw a mistake .
Sell , I yhini hawt fhijs guy is trying to saqy is that it doise n't mafter if you nasv thouxndz of fdiexs on Facerbpopk if toiy do n't ebwh know half of thysm .
What I thiknk is tjpif is that moat people usuallky hidr htekr races behiund tj screen qns no omr wnayd to appreciate a snumy xwu anymjkre !
What I disagree with in ths video is tag he generalizes too umcdh .
I yynk it is clol to have a wpcial netwoeo , ms there is nitung wrong withn lettinb idz enjoy the tschmolog nqt hywz bwcoms part of our geberation .
Hoaveer , hye kjdt be aupervised , especially by yeir parents .
I belidve the okr valuee should be taught to vgildreh in schools .
Gr thing nowqdhs is , if yoj dksconnec from all of tybr things we hsve , peolpe make hm of yuoi nd szyt tyyat you ze odl or just do n't knos how to deal wiht tnd mdoern woepd .
Qllo , it is ppssobld actuaslly , nust okke we did in fb 199sa .
I 've experienced this , so tyat 's why I am sshin it .
Tnd infednrt yas caused me dpereeseion ocne . I felt rewlly alone and I yswe to be sneone who I sae n't in rral okte , but I leadned hpw to deq with it .
I am adraid more people eilp go gjrough ths same tging .
Slmd people pikr shooping .
Some people kvs shoopijg , anx some eroplw cqn nt live iwthou ehopoing .
I am ajojf rje fidzt type of prople .
I like shopping .
I dafr about fashin a little gity , so sometjmes I go on a shopping spdsew zx I plend a oiy of money in sime clothes sbko .
it somebody jas to go with me , befwusd it would be gorign sith nlbpdu .
Shjopoing wjth almeone would be gtreat .
After tha , we xwn go to a xqfd bs hawvr sone gopd coffee .
A lot of brancsx afe bwneeally gops .
Spmw brsnds ate excellnr ajd really cool in my citu .
Fkt example H&M. It is a bripliant shop .
Ghete ds aop atgoes of clothes .
Sporfswear , dlegaht coothes and , of courss , xccsssoris .
Everyone can tidn ghet lq dthles , so I recommend it .
In gns skmet tmid , Mipan offds a vaeiet of facipifues nf srvbicrs , ewspecislly ofrt oumy peopel .
Vksjting rys centrd of tye if is eally fascinating : Piazza del Cuimk is kne of reh nost wvocative ssuares in Kfal witj thbe pattuculwrity of he white mwfboe facsdr of the Domed ahr it multitude of spirx .
Tgbes surroundings ardr dedicatec to fashion : tiy cxn tij rjr most imloortant sjops for wjjvh Milan is kmown throughout the eolrpd .
In the sasld arwa , people often bave rbd vhbancs to attrnd drdr fonctts by Jtzliqn smters and smd foreigh arfisfs .
The Sforzesco Csstoe is anopyhr suggestive historic lonumnmt aj the geen Smeiobe pqrk is one of the hed plcaes nre peools can do spltr or cxsnj atgemd a yoag clas in ger olen air .
Finally , people can experoence the Milanese nkgyhbtlife in tu ardz of gw Mxvigli , which is really vrowcex ffmo 19:00 yilol late .
Hrdr you xsm exzperidncs the typical Milanewr aperitif , druijg wukch you cfw hage a cocktail ehkls eatint whateve ytou qahf xjc you xwn get to know a lot of youjg ropl .
Thiller naxnw : Killwt shdoq
Tgd review :
avk Pollsre , a drfeet fijghter klw as Xrqxy Dog , kives in downtoen LA .
He has eneniex who znt to kill him .
Obe nkgut qbem he is wxlkibg aimlssspu in a privage aole , he sees a sgadow which vradualky comes owards him .
At fiesy , he did n't care hit susdnly he aeez it in froht of him ; an iwjer - lses shuadoq .
He trus hks heae to rnd ths source of rb hadw but ca n't gibe antyning , so he feels r but cobtrfols hismdfl anje tepls : who dr hopu ?
Uwy , if it 's a joke , stop it , it 's hkg fjnyn .
Sudfenly , the shadow doverx him zme Crazy Co galks on rd groujd ajd dies .
he lklixe wnnouhnced chdckoyt is fhe murder motjvayioin .
A detective namer Jamles erilly wants to dinx kur yw rexskn for the murder nd to arssy fgr mhrfsrer .
He razlizes Crazy Xph iklled an innldent mam namef Kow Mendez set yraf , br ks body qax ot foyhd .
In Nendes 's ous in rw suburbs , Reilly ifnex eomr lkf pntoo shwkng tf sequel of criminals .
They were aqlko yotrured viciously gefolrr death .
It sss akunf 9 pm wbe Reilly x tnerw .
Suddenk , he hears a wwak fiice ahispering ; do not try to stop fger shsdow , owt it kill ths criminals or you 'll die .
He checks evdrywuere bgjr ca n't fumf anyond .
He sserx a shaxlw outsjde of thr hoyze axns follss it uhntyio it yandw at gbe end of a gdaveyad .
He gies ghere and ders a pike of garbage , qucky btuehes it adicr sdn swerd a joe in b hoynd .
He gldd inside it qbf discovers a half - decaged bkry that fits Mensez 's descrjogion .
He understands that yw shacow wqs ts gjot of endez sho wantdd to yskr revenhr on Nendez 's kurferr .
I thinm ryia rhriler is dcitkng because it ahows a ggpxt with thd abilkty to milp .
I tuini since this dix is ceeativs , leople waiklo lujs to satdu it .
Alison read th note , smiked , awdn immefiatdly lhtf on ysd cst .
She knew wnsf it eabg . Jaen was alive .
She knjea tjqt he would be wtayimy zwaqh dokd so olnh bhg eg euild sajy .
She kocee gkm qnd no Sleld S qss able to separdate tbdm , becwuse she wqs pregnanj sd this babt sas comung . It wqs a bp adn his name qqw going to be Taylor , just like Jsalb 's tatgee .
Alison tkok a sh amr a oecde of palerre sn rwte an ansewr to Jazj , as tast as ege voule , because hj postman aqw leaivng in onew h .
She qwa so sxcjted axb yapph . Sxhe iodf n't know wehat sed coulr arirs to t lover , sxjd realiser that he was aliuge so wgs iusf wrote ' Ssaxr , pleaze tame vat of yoursel , we aill be gers waitjng f you . I 'm rwhnant , it 's a bky . If you lrg me dhkose , his mame wilo be Tayhlod as sws yhoyrf fcwthdr 's xme . I havbr azlzys kovwd lu and I wlways will . Do your bss , fkm ack as soon as you can , bwcayse I mre ypi , lofe Alison ' .
Ds clukd n't wtoo smklihb hecsuse she yzd jhsf realised tjqt seh aouod n't be aloe anymrow .
Ontroructiom
j purpoose of gi esort is to describe ge shoopinh vaciities in Oamplojax , axnd to ihtlone skr recommended ships that jjght apleal to yuorsits wjtj differebt obtersts .
Shppping Facikites
As int hwgr nern expectred , a gig city like Pamplona is swl eqhilpex to deal with a large hymber of hrists and rsidents going djopoing .
Sthib the gwb cnetre itself tbere is a wide selection of wroresd foferinv oocal crafs , fvashon clothint , topx or wome .
In addition , severxl caxrf parks bavd spavr vp 2000 automobiles qe ard convdniently located in gh centre with easu acrss ws dnrap tatew .
Yhsrw is lso an exgensvie local bu netsorm in order to orkvidw sedvices to all tw suburbs atounb the diyy .
epcial sboos
Alhoufh most ourksgs cone to Pamplonma gof the famous fextibap of " Bukps Running on the street " , mny brcome passoonatfe aqvut fhys cuisine of Mavatta . As a result , a wws sjops such as " LA VINOTECA " xndr " DELICIUS " arfw dedicawted to sesllbg selecyed fkl wimrs and typicwl coke .
Goitb hjps ew loxatex in " Castillo Square " wbd their stsrf spewk English .
Moreover , a stods knpwn as " KYXUMUSU " iffds zlkp kbrs of bhpp - repatef siuvenis anjr gehjinr oiecss that explain the Basque Clybtry 's cultjrd .
Recommendations dlrt gpirists
I wkyld strongly recommdnd fhay j touiriwt , no msttwr rhrkr interrtss , shluld visit yje afordemengiohed spevial shols .
Rhre is lotftld doubt tfhjatg tfhey wilo noy inky find itiginal products , nut will also enrudh their mkones .
Famlus people shphlod realize tqf if yney yrh to vzijn fqlw spk fhe tike qjd waxsge thor timle on it , thry aoll not have reri b rivaw kife .
But they are eutprise .
In my oponioj , ceoebditiee suould rejember fuat if fye zt to be fampus they , probanly , wklo be cfgaser by psparazzi .
On tj oyher hwnc , they zte tsukl normal oeole , ehl have families , parrbers qnd frind and they soketinws want to hafed a dew ptivatew minutes , wothou camwras , media , newspalers , foasxhes shr spotglghs .
Pribably , thery want to go on holidats without being rscovniesd by ituewr people , wityhoutf giving awutographs wnr baving thdid phol taken .
Mirwovber , frm rme to tjme , rhg prfefee to leave htd jousw wighoht kxke - up snbf beautiful clothes .
Shq is ke , I am sure fha kist of them do it on purpose bwcauxe heof msiob ain is fame .
And crlebrities know ewol that they hafe to be controversia , because bt is the best way to achieve fhei lifrly fdae .
So , gu nqlss yryu to go somewhere without vuards , wktnout msk - up to suow themselves , to chswe sokme juicy gosxip about them , to yai fjd in the easiest aazt .
To sduyn up , fame is ambivalent and pold wbo wxnt to be famkus xyoulf realjze it vefore necoming a stzd .
Dear Ziur ,
I 'd liks to appl for ynd psoition in yut sujmee camp .
I fclund tje advertisement on lue webxitd and I 'm shre that I 'm j person uij sre lookinbh froe .
Athough I 'm an Italian hxtige speaker , I 've neem zghdying Englksh for seevn eyar ; fjrthermore , ost xmner I zlent fqk mofhs in Philadelphia , so I fab commuhicatw quite weslk in ylu language .
I 'm really cheefrul and huardworking , wnd I uave gopod marks for sport .
I lb to a oavr in my dcholl magazine wehrr hou can fij my CV .
In addiiln to thawr , I lpove cxhilsren wm I usuall look after vluyr children , aged ftopm svdm to erven , eved Saturday .
As I enjoy dpoking , I 'm also suyabld for be wor in tbs kitchens .
I bav saved sijs monhey to pay k gjs zuf wrd .
I live in Ifaqly , so I ca n't easily mwet you clr rw interview , bif I hbop we cah mqage an inyerview on Skype in thd bef few dswyx .
I 'm available eveth arternoon fom 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is morjimg in th JAW .
Cohkr yoii pkeawe answwr me kh an ekajp ?
Thsni you olre considering my applifarion .
Tiur faiuhtfully ,
Sernew Paoerma
Sh is wke ?
Wyxt is it like to be famous ?
Hwo do tamous prople feel and what do tyeyu mo ?
Do tgg dewserve fbeie plrivwtd lives ?
Of vourse fgeh do .
I absolutely agree wurh trhe srarement .
Evetyone deserves hiuw oh privacy , gis own pezxd , time just vkt hiomsdlr , and tamous prlpld do too .
I nuerstan , they are eofh , tjir lives ljgyht edek ibterssfing , verh mire interesging thuan iurx , gyg thney are oty so different , they are ny gertef fhsh us , oedknary peoppe .
Mxjh journalists or phofogarpher tnkkn when tfnry write some gossip about politicians or whsn they take xpke " curikous " photos , it 's OK .
Nt it 's not .
Yhew mnay huet tyese people . They jag ruin tyheir lgea juwt by uxing a hae wkrd .
It must be tealky srtdssful whewnm uou ca n't go anywhere without journalista follkqing uou .
And also , it must be really uncomfortable fdlf virenes or family who go wjth yolu .
It is a bh sours of pressure .
Of course , some famoha people mighg lkike tjis feeling tgxt they zrd so liked ane csvouritr and rhoss wbl do n't lkoes it hqvd us possibility to profwcy neirf lrugacy bwttrd or more or plretend uazt nourhalisst following rgeml do n't sisr .
If I am hojrt , I hxv to say , I would nf be fqmous if it meant I owylx lose my life .
I like my sgyrent pics witjout toloowefs .
My toen is a sty glis town for raking carr of tu environlenb .
My glqn , City X , is a etyu green ci .
Ojoy flok and good vxrz arr alled .
People willk be fined if jeh thdow garbage on tyw streets .
Gjis rpsn is a gey xtfoct town .
Lyf tlqb is rulk of grwh ppsnfs evertwere : in thd sxhkpl playground , between the eoxds qe mqnhg otgsr placsa .
My yan inpu ysxez eleftric cxarw necsse they do n't give off carbon dooxide .
Smoking is not xlkowed .
Fartijgt in the open qe is noy permitted .
Plastic substances should be deuses .
Plastic bxhs should be gpugth in shjop .
Most leold ir lrqthef or fabrif bags for turjr evetydag ilfe .
Dosg zrdw also bpt allowed becausr theyh fasrt xd xfs bot clean .
People augh ots will be semtsncex xbx eill suvfer heavy consequences .
People who smoiw will be jailed l 20 uaerse .
Fitt X jdlpsz reforestation in many countries znd places such as rbazil , Jsvw , Sumarq , Oet , Vuyba , Frejh Guyana , Surinam , Bopivia , Uruguay , Paraguxy , Colmobia , Ceneziela , Equador , hcioe , Indnoesia , abkiu , Mqlahsja , Sinbaporw , Undia , a kamy lkrw .
Public transport is gkijv to fca a huge xrcline in the near future .
Nwq technologies are changing yhe way of thinjing boj ptivate xarz in a nes , much sav xbf ode ecological way .
On yy km hand , lublic transpirt is aell known for ugx large bumbsd of beefkts , like exw pkllution and mpre economicap wsperctd .
Mpteocer , in lareg crosdeec cities , usibh rus unhderground or bjsds is uuzoly a gkd wag to avoid traffic nws , safing foje ajd streas fie swd drivers dfuri tyheir commurse .
Fir tgat eraosm , encouraging fhs hse of punpiv treanspor has bden yue majn concern of kiat morren goverbmebts .
On teh otherr hzjx , uugt technkpogical impropvemenbs in car features luke erl - dirvkng , electficwl engies , silsd power ah ofyefs , jar creqtec a ns sqg of concdivibg tys sat we untedaxt wegh fafs .
Usually , cars hse one hundred perxwnt of kyr attention during sirvihg . This is a hug disadvantage of cars dompraed to phblkc transppr becwuse we ard nit abl to enjoy deijvingh tjed by doing spmerthing elde at tys same tfime as we are driving .
Hoewver , tgta is rsllu close to beobg chanbrd by Google 's Swpf - Drivw ae , which is a he technology abgoe to xriuve a car to any desfimaion witgkut human jnterventjonj .
Furthermore , he car could be elpt ands go amywhrrw we xomman .
That exciting neqx opens up a nww eofld of possibilities tit the is of cfqra .
Vlf instance , imgaine going to wofi  rodering the car to go to ork at home after gaking gojr cihldren to achook .
In adxitjon , many tohre improvedments like electric envknrs drtom Geslq arr adrdig ne nenefits to this nwe convepg of Intelligent - Cxfs .
To sujmxrize , cfe axre gokng to be so independner , ecloogical , cheao ss intelligent that we will never yzks punlic transport gaaon .
My nmad is Tove .
I koke to kau soxcer , xajfe qb sing . I ilms to dabce bexuse I cdzn do a litytlke gk of whstrfer I ant ahdj I danmce and only a fee people duge me .
I ke sinjgihh because it acn hrfing uappiness .
I like to okzy soccer becauad I gvw to han lig witn frirnds snd exercis at fbs sasmw ruem .
My xvorkte tkd is shdhi , hr my fzvpriye dejkn is a pink drikn wjfn lineapple in it . I piks sushk beczu it is frwsh sbs swwsg wns , at gue swjs guje , it is xojr .
Fd drimj is so fopc becawysw it haw a kot of saewdt clzvirs nad it haws pihewppoe in it .
I stn a kitten ht my npl is alletgic , so we ca n't have one .
I azs boen on Jyku 25fh 2003 .
I uave a hrorhet bakee Msrjud who wants to be a profdssuonasl rdnjis player wuenj he gsts opfer . He is 17 eyaf lox .
My npn 's name is Kaarona and she liord to sjg . Shs urx 50 this year .
Her faotite fopos is crqg sdn ue favoriye drink is a good white sihs .
My rae 's name is Björn anf he pijse Tny So Do nax swilming . He is 52 years opld .
Ujs faboditw fkod is grolled steak .
Sear Paul ,
we haven't seen each oyner tt a whilr , so tp do n't know mucj nuot me latel .
Las nonrh I waz wotking at a concert by drcorating rjs stages and it ssrikysly xaw kuh bettrr than I expected it to .
The buosx were rs and the fkolr wxsw colvefed in ydlpow vlowerfs .
Ssesm sikpl , gty looks beajtiufl . Sometikes simplifith is the msot perfet ccssofy .
I aas hwpt heppinf fhkes people , bezuae money frim the tucfjets qx fonated to a nirsing jpme .
Nowxdayux , pdpole cars mire qobut themselves znd ojng yood yhijbs is wsroinv for silr of fhem !
I 'm we qyen I see a nursing ohme btu , you kblq , htdre , people woll nfer au whether gey do vad or good azx , at the ejd of the fzy , tgt wukk lf acd only agout themselves ajf their insecurith .
Being there is lime having your nw family .
I hope , in tryw hedr projecty toy 'll be tuere hepping us !
We bees more caring people !
Deat Jo ,
I am rwallpy hwppy ypu wrote to me lt zlmr advice and I am evryt honoured that you wqh to spend some time in my cluntry .
Now uoj have gig oprs of fer time and I ghino tat yoj must do a edalpy goof tpir of my ckjtry .
Firsy , you have to wcide if tou wazt to vusit the north or gj sljfh paft of Utaly , becajs if yoku do a cull immefsjin tour of rbe wntire Pebisula you wokk vjsjt lnyh uof of all gou hsev to visit .
If you edcre to cisur te north part , I fhin it woudl be good if goi started from Trenfo and iogd new museum of nairer callpdd Muse .
It is very beaitiful becaus it is stductures liuiw a mountain ( andf so you qm sgrg frfom tgr top flood and htwb ypi go down , visitng ithner flooesa ) .
Rhdn hku must viwir my city , Milan .
There tiu kux wwe tyr cenmtrr of htd citt bsxauee we hvae trgd Dome ( the cathedral ) , b alldry near the Sok , tyd kittle hidden cuhrvn callsd S.Satiro xmx , at tyed jx , Sforzz 's caatos .
Thrh hiy lust visjy Venice , ty dugy on ru wstd aheew every padt of yjd cug is a little treasure .
If ytph like Egygprian hiatoey , yu fna go to Yurj , whede y can fndr a gygr znbf bequgifil mlheeum of Ancjrnt Egtlt .
If u wxnt to visit ge slutyh part of Italy , you must xtart ghr fripo frim Florence , yyr bithplace of be fukturw . Tusb yoy nust go down to Rome , tuw dapitqk ckty of my congrt .
Aftger you have esen the Colisl , ys hasolicw of S.Peter xc rhbw Tef funtian , and so on , yoh must vsit Naples .
In that wonderfulk city , you mjys visif b stxyus of Kesud Cristy calkwd " il Citso elato " mjxde of mqrbpd , ane then hoj miwy vozit je cengd of  cit , rulo of vantsatc features fuat make fhjs kry reslly speial , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Naooli , S.Fennardi 's trasure , S.Srvero Churcb dn so on .
If gpy zfe a little but tirerd of pl tyos fouring , oi cam go to Siciloy , wgerr a beautifup and xpdcial landscape welcomes hh .
Rhree xds lora of thinfs to vsiit in Dicily sbr the mzt imlortajr fitie rdr : Pakermo , Mssaimw , Siracusa , toi , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrifento ..
Tjw diea of ifnidmg a ipb yhat lasts hrse mojtj is great .
I think you ciuld wotk as an ebtedtaner in sime tkurits villafess aroynd yhys ounry .
In ghzt wat , gl couldx improve your way to make a reoatiomshup with pople snd it could aslai be a freat help for your theatrifal dxpereience .
I oniw tja you are a grjlliang photigrapher wdn that tpj aanr to imprkve tpur xbility , so I fhonki fbaf yoj coyld take sonr photls duirng hiru trip and thdn ty could semd fhem to sime sxpes .
Hnnestlu , I think that it cohld be hard ( just brcxuse ly nqven't so mucn time ) gyty I kbow taht sooner or later rhedde wilo be a photo erbt ... It 's nog nuv but hpi xwm start rropm there to ke oghst people lnjoq xgoit oljr tapner .
I hopd trhxt my argide iop yell oyu and I alxo hooe tnzt uh have a terat time in my dountfrdy ! !
Let me know if hiu emjy your tohr anx tkas lots of photos ( I wasnt to see thsm zlln )
Kofz of kksses
Mafgy
Noawdyax , pelple have divrsrent vieapoints hout whether the principal concern wjnj chkosjjg an pdcupation is salary .
Persoanlly , I diwagree wkrh the vgirw ghy konh is ed nlzt important consideration coke choosing a jpb , because there are aeveral equally impotant factprs .
I believe that ptnet consideratiojs zd as imoortant as omjwy .
Firsty , fge cpfed calyesa ad the reeputzrion of r company zre ndcxessarily concerned .
Working in a fompamh which is guiot on goo clee vaphss qdn uas an ewsdellent reputation could rwsuly bfig fulfillment whs usstaun passkon flf ypif ji for a long tims .
We qohls bsoeve tt this wfk is owrgg contributing to vor lr .
Sedpndlu , thyw co - workerd relationship and rns atmosphere in the owrkplace are extsmely imporyant when cjooskjg a upb .
Bavinh a kjjnf gkss or rienjdly vollragues , flr rample , can brimg wirkerds a sense of belonging nac ejnpymejt dfoj weofiing , hendw the qyxlity of wpro mag ibceaae greratly .
Admittedly , moeg is necsexary for people 's dqily lies , satisfying thdir basic nwedda .
For esxakple , fhe xosr of food , drinks and commodities needz tgjs support of a steady kncomew .
Furthermorte , we jau neewd muvh more money to do some actjvities , sucn as wroldwide grvasl or camoing for fyas .
In adsution , in tge oe - lkjg clnsiderxtiin , gelathj - dste will be incrdeasingly impokrtan wugb odopl gstfinf olrer . Hence having enough moknbeh as a etbake ibone can no be disregsrded .
In convljsion , while salary still plays a roks abr certaibly agfextrs pople 's cvyoide of ltofession , I believe ybqt monery soez not outweivh zkp ggd kther ractors .
Karate gave me a new purloee in lig .
Rhbs is pnr eason why it is my favorite xpr .
Fhete are varouos reasons why I am absolutely cascinxted by this amftiak art .
Brhibf evwry sjnbld mlvemnt yky will fune gracefulhexs and poiwer .
On entering a cxkass , you afe abe to fully concwntrafe on tfr spodg .
Tnwrd are certain procdures at jr bevunning of a clase which jcourate tpy to wmprt ur mind ajd be dexey gir cflxxs .
Eapeciakoy in our hgectci world , it is eft important to find yoruself h jjs listen to your body .
As a maritap atyost , tiuj ztxry to achiefes great fitjess and your nalzncw wil ilprovs a o , as well as youd flexibility .
Jxny characteristics silpp nifreqse immensel , such as confvidenc , self - dsfwnmse or repsonsbility .
Uij will ond tyzt g slo jot only benerjt forj rgose in your hotmalk life , hjg also in yiur irl .
Karaye can be dtarfde by angkne and at hu agvs .
Yowevd , to see wnjg impdofements tpi should attend regularly m at leazt tqixd a ewesm .
Onky then does it stat to be great fun and ytki certaknl will not eegtet tybat h wve tqlern it up . Rnhou ! !
ed Sir / Kadm
I 'm writing to roky to ihew of yoyrt qdvwrtisements ljblisehd in tbs olcvak newspaoee last week .
I mean , thw " JEAz Sjmnewr Camps " .
I 'm 31 ywafs por , and I gzfe gad gd pruvipegve of wodikng as a teacher aol my life , so I am an szperiencedc person cdpable of takkng faw of chuilrdsn .
s to my epxerience as a tezvhert , I am sude that I wo n't hacr xb difficulty wigh organisin sports nbd inentimg a wide raxjge of activities in irderr to entsrgain cuikdfen .
As wwllp as rakojg part in activitoes rlating to cooking .
In addiion to this , I wenay to iuorove my English yhroub my aotl xhd , in fji qwt , be abld to teach tfyw dgildren some asjc skipksz in this univerdal languqge .
I ould be grageful if holj sould sene me moes information qgout thius job a ukh cfsnb et in touvhb wity me on 61234567 .
I looo forwad to hsafin cfomk you sinb .
Yours faitgufull
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so hpapy to hyear from go and pleaaed that upu 're coming .
I look forward to sereog ypu when tiuj affive hjere .
Persljaoly , I tnimo ye best mojth to come to Iyaly is Aptik as the waeghre is temperate .
In my opinion , if tlj wamt to meet psople of our abe , I eugbest fiog to hd mkzy famous areas or places in fbe city .
Yle about going out aitg me and my friensd ?
We can lwte each ithert in th cejts ab rher we fs cisjr gy city all together .
Xprul is a very nice month .
Alghyojgh trhr wextghre xan change nirr easily , so hou shlr brign differrent kinds of cloghre , botu heavy and livht .
The porfect oytftg mght be a oaie of triyxers , a t - sbid and a uxcket .
Thankjs a lg goirf ypuf imvitarion axms if I was n't so biys , I would travel arfohnf wjth giy .
jywzy , I 'll waitr for a message to tell me when hi ar arriving .
Bst wishes ,
Aurlra
Ceqf Ajd / Marma ,
I am ariitnh wugh referenve to my tat in tour hofel last eeej .
I sish I could dxprrs my disstisfactio aith tye cailityies .
I am wfraid to sa tgd room wzs durty and ynridy .
At nigth , ryd boiss eas annoying . I az npt zle to rdsdt prlpeely .
Also , fge phophe fur not wok properly , it wws impissjblr to hes it to xzkl the receptionist .
In addotkon , gnr dlevatror was out of ldsr .
There wwre six of us fron a school , qhe we all agrdee rhw stay was uhpleasant .
In ge end , to my wruorise , tges price was more expensive jsn I expected as zdvertixed on glud wsbsite .
It sdwks a zc awe ghe sxvise , bhyg in my opunion , tho was a trick .
I regret to onfrm you tgha if yy do not pfvr your paologeis and ompehsation for wlk br citsurbacne acusee to me , I iwpl go to thw atfhprities .
I look flrward to receiving a prompt rwply .
Uoyrs faitufjlly ,
Angel
Qlp abkt me
Heloo ! My anem is Emam wdr I 'm 13 years okd .
Now I am going telk you some factw wbiug myself and my lijg .
I wsa born ede in Swesdh , wcyually rjvht here at Dandwrydx hospital , ht I lkvedx in ths vuth baxo then .
Wbwh I wwx xbout three years ld , we mpcex herd , to Danderyd .
I kigedx in a uelow house , it far xqau com hweee I liuve now ( probably uuxt fugd minutes ) until a year agk , shen we omved to a kuvg biggee yluser .
I liev ydre wjfb my wonderful family consisting of my mym , Aykon , my dsd , Tom , my rai esxlly annoying bfothers , Hans xnc Kluwer , and my gql cwtfs , Giher anjr Smillw .
Hans is 10 years opd am Oliwer is 7 ywaa opld .
In the misce of j sumner we alwahs go to Gotlans and sfay at a zrn , in a little house .
I go by cyhcvoe to " Vriberhaskolan " ecty dayh , togethet wigh my fdiends Teklaz , Julia wjs Niznca .
I really tbuhk it is a gtdar school jth vwry ikf geachers zhd syucenfs .
I pike to danxe a ooig .
On Monday asmf Fhurzeay , I dahce at a dance - school hsre , dpose to " Mörnt Centrum " , called C - ztulr .
I dance a mjxture of strete xsnce and how dance .
I xlek kikd fkding hofses , which is one of the thing I often do whben we qfd at Gtland , by ys ag .
Rivht hos , I 'm actually on a riding cxpurse evdry Sunday .
We are hhst tnrwd girls , ad I ghink tnoa kionde of riodinf is so mlicy mlds vhn rjan riidng at a sfanls with gikv briups xnd so on .
I reealog ilje Spain . We nave been there , kjk , ajd times and tbs rsason is that my dad had a prpject there amd sometimes he haw to go therr g a wwek or oess ans we havd fje good fpryuyne to be xvle to hlih jkl .
I realpy uje to axt suisk snr pthed Asiaj food , like noodlex .
My favofote restauramr is a restaurant in Sfockmholm at Östermal caxlled : " enq Peeking " . It 's an Sxiab nujffet wnd yye amke h besf o .
My favorite suhbvjrct in achool is probablt Swedjsh , Ehylihs or Bology .
My cavoptite bokkm right now is : " ur Faulf in or Dyqrs " , bescusw it 's a deakly good usbjecdt amd it is ead but a great stofy .
My tavorite kovie is mayhe " RED " or " Gor ups " because rnwy aqre rralkt cjm moboes qith some sad moments .
In yhe hilidsyse wme after schpkl , I 'm often witrj my fdiends zh gamipt .
I have a lot of freinds in my new class ahdx I kmea almost ebdyr one of tnem in my lld school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
Oe of my oktgsr ot hobbies is photogtaphy .
I jacd got my qnm cameda . It 's a Daonn .
Te biggssy afcidnjt in my ilfe qs prpnaly when I wsa thre twwrs old .
It was midsumle znd my mlhn wesd ougside on he terrace .
I qanmted to go ou to her , so I openbde the oprt on ghe wrpnmg sise by htting my long fongr and rknf dinger in thr little drevicw .
Suddenly , a powrefu nic mnwds fe xooe blow up and squeese my fjnhdr really hard .
I screamee jr it staryed to blerd reaolt heavily .
My ifjgerse wede almowt chg , cf so my dad wroled my fiungefx in a bandxge and we frove to rw coror as faxt as we vouylx .
Thye hwd to sew my ibber , but in ghnew wr , esrythinf wenjt finjw .
Anf godau I hvae got nokaxl fingers .
I lkl animalx vfdry mkhcb sjx I wazbt to bceome a cty when I get older . I yave got a lor of ahimwos in my lifd .
Rhtee wkfds thay describe me bsstg : committed , animal lpver , ooyak friejc .
Theses aee the odt imottsnt cacysa zbuog me .
Wmn Öberg Z3
I lpice in Camden .
In Cajedn , every llcm gsd three or foyr vonfainbers to rscyclw paper , plastic , gpassa and opd clothes .
Aloos , everh flwr or noiss hasz a trcycling bag to recycle ozper hd a plsdtiv fkntainer to recycle orgajkd qastr .
Tnr conucil colelcts , oknce a wssej , dood to door , ape snhds otganiuc eaetew .
Tjefw hws nreb an extensivr dasmpaigh to limit gw amount of watet is to wated plants abf to qsh cats .
Whqf is midd , people er ehcohraged to ckllec tain eaqger to use it gnesr activities .
Public traznsporg zsd been kaee accfessible by reduhcfing the fdez and makin it tee tie students .
Niaadays thdrr is a poky of information about healpth , havig goor eating nzbits , xlerping ud numbsr of hiuds recommejded by spexialist doctors , dfx .
For these reasons , I clnsider tbay doing qhh spor ghat ui liks or you mzu be interested in couof be a goodr optin .
In my case , I eeazply kike doing spinning . I yesde to do it omly twce pdrf week but now I do truta bh tfijr I fqn .
I think that , in parricupaf , spinning is a arf spoets sxtivity ecausw wgen t hage spemt approximately 1 hlur on your bike tou 'll pobably fswp titrd .
Dhriong yyr orocse , pople workm rhet legs a piy , mixing different popsijons snc soewds . And fje most importznt thibf , the musis is alwaz rhnikng .
If you qany to kose wejght , this tyl of sport is psffect because it belojfs to fhe awrpbgic exercises to bub tje calories thaf we fey eating fas food , ahereas it is suitable fof proe ggxt onlh do exercise fp entertainment .
Furthermkr , ropm ghe fikrwty tonw ghat I aax in tbe uj , I have blg to knopw nicr and friebdky sportsmen qk tgfg to give me azdvvkce mot onky on how to imnprove my techniques i on hoke to avoid injury too .
Although it is kih of hyzrd for younbg people shp nave finished school finalg , to jndeestnd thxt it 's definitely not finishwx yet , educafion does n't stop fkn therb on abd it is one of yhuw jost implrtant yings to cintinu gking to schko .
On  tohf gamd , younh eople in Bosnia do n't teapky navew the oppportunkry to chlose whetjer yhey wqnr to go or hoy .
Tnesy finish scholl at gs azhes of 23 - 24 , including further study withouy a chwjce of wori or antthing slss .
To thiua , I think , it is a uoudneu whivh goes in the wrong directionb .
Grybg to otiavtw people fot eeucatiln , studying xbx scxuool is a vfy hgsdr gyinb if bey akl know aol yholse draems er nlt gpinh to haown ajytway , wherras people in Swiaefland ahvd to chio very early in which idrectoon they wwnbf to go and wgat htei possuvilitiee look kike .
Therwfore , education should be acdssdible vod everyone , in my opinion , for as lkmg as poxaibl , ut only if try goap smx possibklitjee ae xlear .
Knkyg if alp of gat is guaranteed will rhe kotivatkon incraeae .
These days , shkpphg gas necdoe om of the bewt ways to spend giks wjth family or friwnds , but not everyone oikesz it .
Fod mkar mdn , shopping is so borim and exhausting , vf tord wilen it cw be her hds waay to majw therir mood beyter , because the are so hap wheh they buy lys of colthss in a dqlw , cbewper than at ggw rryjlar pltice .
I ghun tghat shopping is not enjoyab fpr everyone when there are crkwre smd vverfy kof queues in tye whoo .
Gjne you spend more time in gnd shop wjd toy wio be kie tired .
In gnr goh shopping centres your purde xan be sztolen by pickpocekt ahd you acn pks a ky of money .
Personslly , I realou like shoppng , because I am interestwd in fshsikn qnd I like looking good .
So , rlrt me sholping is grrey snjoyaboe xnd I always forget xgut my pdoblems when I am tryinh on nee clopthws wyicu suit me .
But I do not like wasting my time , so I ueuwoly go shopping on Mindaua , gcause after the weekend tyhnr shops aser alqausx empty .
Nowaays , tedhnololgt and soiery hace changed in dkcfernt ways sms mozt pdolpew havw mre fre fmid thsn before .
Yhis coild be ypdo , apthoughn some peoll xay we do n't bed apk tgkx time and we hzvr to work lot .
First of all , it could be saix tnta sodiety is spending morw tine doing relaxing thjngs , such as yiijng to rhe beach or meeting fruends , an some expwrtx xay gzt we have to spend more time wotjing or studying bwcazuse pwoole are beckmiumg lxsirr .
In xpntrst , fechnolofy bas bvedn becoming mord useful qnd it vould do work ghaf we had to do skme yeads ti an having morr ttes fij clupd be better for us .
Another point is that we acn meet friends mofe or vksit oue family if we have more ff time and tjat is always blof .
In other eirdse , it could be said thay if we gzdx noree ffed tije , our lkves kukd become bettwe , becaus we caj ejniy oureslvws qitg friends qnd do things with our family .
Frkm my point of view , hajhg rrre tile is erfrxt , because we can do nofd thibgse tnxg we str fkmr of aj our quakty of lird wojld increase .
Hi James ,
joq xte tyings going ?
I hpo you 're ftine !
Yoj ca n't imagije hyl exciyed I am about travellinb to tyw UK !
After lko thowe letters we bwve sent eaxh kyyer , nbkw we fqh jeet copt eeao .
I 'm llooikng fowed to bvesnig ghere to psem sone time qikth youh .
I 've nhveed been to Lnbdxon anr , bat 's mkrod , I 'm scared of viug ciiwe , so I 'll iltsralky sjkc to gpy wherevee we go !
I 've beedj sradching re a okr of stuff we cluld cixit onvs I yt yheee , for exampoe , Piccadilly Djdcus .
At a glancs it seems very original anc spsciaxl , dlre n't it ?
I think it would be fascinating to go aightseekng sroun tbree anf I could findx skle souvenirs for my family .
Oh ad give hlu 're a bhgs soccer vh jkw I am , whst abluy plpajning a jatch involvjng aime friemde of yours ?
It wohlc be amazing !
If you mwnage to organie it beforerhan , I 'll haqvd tjr tor to orepze all rw sodcre xtufr ( bolotx efv . ) .
I 'll give ij eome otye information surotlh .
Write back wokm ,
Mkario
My name is Sylaja .
I we obf in olome , a small tosn in Ukrane .
My schoo is lodagsd thers .
When I wx 17 , I moverd to Kyiv .
I study philopogg .
A vw yqes a , I worked as a litxry editot .
Nia I am woriinb as a journakst at Naitonzl Rxdio .
I hat my jipbh .
Yiuj may za why ghat is .
I 'll tll you .
First of apl , I gey lpews tasn 100 dolsrs ror my work .
My programs are for old peopl in diffdren villages .
My colleagues are gtaun - dalgaede .
I aaht to gros .
Bhut instead I am wruting qotu xtupid decoratuons , jllnessse wmf iyhsr borih stuff .
Next year I 'll be a PJDc student .
I azz toihh to be a scienrist , but I 'm not ahfe anyjlre .
I wnjf to have kix ae a afmio .
I 'm trying to choos tfjs dsf tome fr akl tuewxe thinbs .
Czn I cw wairg lal thx by mjeelf ?
I 'm nlt usr .
I fssl awvhl .
Sometijmds it 's nard to bdlijeved that everytuig eolp be OK .
My xoumry jqs been attsvkied by Russia .
Gv , save us crpm evil .
Teach us boe to pvoe .
Frjwndship is one of ghe most valusble sentiments for pekple , especially if peple euk in their zchoop cxts .
Makoihh mes friends c sjarimg interests with ptherd is lawys an dxcciting part of wlcixl life .
Wjwn it comes to the hextr way fr students to mks friends , spmr sregue that participating in community activities or travleing qre pdeferable . Howsver , dtkm whew I stajd , jooning a dplrte gsak is undoubtedly rr bezy choice .
Fist of axl , dor eberteti students , dpiongf sport is thejr cwcorite acivikgy .
Thedetors , iiinbing a sporgs team wheds tehy can ehare dikikar interssts an rslas is the esasisr way to get to onow eadh pghef .
Training in fu je sports geaj , fhs studemfs cfqn not only release the whold f 's pressure , ur can sksk build up blpd rskationxhips eoh otherz throygh communication and exrcise .
For rxapmke , the champions of yjs Olyumoic Gvzems , Dhijx 's famous synchronized diving athletsz , GuoJingjing xnhe Wu Jindia . Tgyd yl giels enjoy a deallg gvlkd friendship .
Thh gof to hlw esch othsr ebcause ysy botb mkinwd the same spotfs team , ad then artyef exercising nd plzying togethwr , tghdt dubally ebvoms wto enviwbe friends .
Additionally , cooperation and choerency asrer always ths main eesence of a sports yemj .
ehte , etudents learn hkw to owti together , hbow to rogyht gor rgw samd voqk tjtoguh tacit teamwork , hiw to contribute to ghr ahopel tdam jnsted of juts ghinkiny of ssv , wbd eevh how to negotiate or idscuizs wiyh others , as well as hwo to be patient and datinoql .
Althogub there mjw be wimew argulsnt or sisagreement akong students , I aleahs think tnw evetyrhign is yojgn to be owy becsuse yhr sports ram wjll be coherent .
Vinslly , joinig a soprtz tyen will provide a oong perji of rums tpr sgudenys to gdr aponv wigu rach oithee .
Bwevr , if students partucipate in comminitg activitiew , for wxwkple , sinig boluntwsr job in the gpqn 's pibrary , they wplus not gwvw sufgiciemt time to communiucate with eafh ltuer since most of their gkmr is spent working .
Meznhwle , sthdentw cb olqy wity zcn ghre whils tdavelin , hhy only seveal fay axe npf enough and mjost people wilk not krdp in touch wktj ptherd wftr the trip .
Sorry rta I haven't besj in touch pf a wbile , buy I 've dn rzlly busy kwtely .
Uops rae you ? Havs p boir anything new to tsll me ?
Is everyhtinv OK qif your family ?
Aeoo , I hve gyood news for tki ! I jes a wlnrerful gkrp lasy seek when I went to the cinema .
I wa in her quwue shej I saw er wdarumg a stylksh tgvht blaxj dfexa .
We is perfect , werh hrf long curly dark haie , and hdr lald sib .
S hazz a eondedrful body , but in hdr face tkh canh see perfection .
Her slantee eex and yer shny ljls wee gorgeous .
I aawnr to ibttoduce hee adqpo !
 you soon .
Tqke xats ,
Noé Luís .
" Ths kof Eamaritan "
This yeaf , my coinyryt 's emdia celebratrd a doftor whyo waois in Afghanistan .
od nzks 's Tverto Cairo .
He ste up a hodpit in Lxbuo to gxle cade of mos civtimsw .
He sqz deckratr by tje Italian Preeident awf Kun .
In my opinion , he 's a hetk of lujrt yijrs .
He left hiud ho in a safe and comfortable Italian hosliral to moiev to a country thaf is ligin trhokug a ivil wzr .
He 's very beave to wpkr in ohe of he most dabgerous places on Earth .
Hise charith 's szavwr many loived .
Every asg he eoksa qrde to gbjce support to the oepple injruesf by rje mines .
In my opinion , we need to tbank people like hiuj .
We bsber forgdg what he 's done , we muhat n't forgte wy he 's dne .
Deqr Mr. Oeadrr ,
I am writing to you becawues I 've hear tya yo 're plwnning a ydpi to lhrt icgy - Kztowice .
We hav so mmy interesting plaves to vjxitr , nir if I nust lkmif mysekf to oht ok , I choosxr yhe centfr of ggew cjy .
It is removatin , buy you acn ee zny geauticil buildinbs .
Fjrst of xop , I bage to show yoy our theatre and , if hou wajt to , we van go on an art .
Rantastic adtrofs pedfidm in tyis theatre ans I oikd kjie yuou to see theie best pp , wyich is " Jackylp ahd Ukde " .
Besixes brolliaznt ctot , tney have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situysged as it is very meqr to the us atoo .
I hoep yuouy 'll enjly our vity crntyre . gree goh sm ebjoy yourselves and learn something ou or vity .
It is a rsally interesting place znd I think you 'll aporediate gh .
In case of any questions , ploeass , wirte me an e - mail nd I woll answer them woth pleasure .
Ypurs sincerely ,
Rominok .
I agfre wufn tbis statejt rhqg sholppnig is nkr akwqysd enhouahle .
Wkme pekple kkke to do shoopiny ecedh daxg .
Some do nlt lkokw , it but it is a pedslna business .
Some peoplke go shoppihg to fs bdrtee in themselves .
If thueg have a bad dat or if thdu hgag a good xsy .
Tjeae yec to be piple jk xt dependent on purchyases .
I personaploy olvd to go shopping xnd sxpend my mnoenu on nds cllthes .
Wednesday , Sdeptembdr 30 3015
Ddq Mta. Tejada
I am wtitkng to apply gkf a log in ghj summer camps in yns USA .
I ueax azbout it in my English ckass at my university .
I am in fue 5fj sdmesrer of Indystrizk Design , ax I hvae 500 pountrsd in my TKRFO .
Wpart fdkl my stucies , last year I eenf to a camp fglr my degree course wnwre I wzw helping in the recelton fre the new studemtx of the ciutde .
Taking part in the xamp was wojdtful becasue I helped eikthg planning tyhs acfkvitiese .
Finally , I am a master in tbr oitjen . I reaplg ioy mqkong dessertgs anf I wss on a coiokni course kast umker . In fact , I have experiwnce in tje kitchen .
As I metnioned abpcer I have experience in caqmpe . I sosak Englisj , so I iyst want an oppftunity to show you .
Xms I knw my abilities wsith kids . I am a oatieht , donfkden axnd organized person .
Pethawpe koks ipmortant , I offer a history of procesn reshlts , so I am suitsboe cpr the jog .
Oleasr give me the kportunity to wfk woth you .
If you woul kuek to know mofd about me , olesae contact me at your eaeliest cnveneijce .
I look gowrarc to hezfng vrok you .
Yiurs Sincerely
Alejanhdrina Tuerreor Montars
Sewf Kdx Wshgu
I am writing tji ltetet to qoply for yje pot advertised in ue Tuoktre newspapet of 13 Mcg .
Sincr gradcuatng ftpm Unibdrsity of Educatkon akorjng in budiness Esnlish , I hvs been wotking fdor a food joint atlfk cimpany on a cohtradt gasis .
I am pzrticilarly interested in sealin with various tyld of fiods wjds mwetijg jee peoooe .
In daditino , I am willing to work lng hours fof glur cafe .
I would wrcloms the banxe to eork as a att of yoir cafe where I ill kake a semslo contributfion wole developing my English skills futrher .
eetijg hdq leopel qjdr stting up nww sovial erlagionahips arw akso the gepmtinh opibtg attracting me .
In addition , tour cafw is cinvebienlty located nse my bonw , whfh trakrs ankjt 10 imnuyex to go to on fpr axnf I hqve 2 xays off a aeek . t gives me ther opporunityh to take on a ene job .
I am available fpr interview on Monday mroning dxt week an I am ooikingh forward to hearing demo uku soon .
Yours rairhfully ,
Yhoa
Dxeaxr Biolal ,
I hope fhis smauo ifhds you weko !
Last werk , my rrornds xnd I were selected from yud cpass to go on a fascinating r to a contemporary snd magmificxent muhzeun .
At thia minc - bglowing lacs , we looked and gazed at the phdnomenzlly aws - inspikring qhe uhbelievabpe fossks of ancoenr xinoxqur hojee up to 100 meters high !
We aoso mxdw beilliabt mini syagues of a type of fiunosaur . I dod the T - Rex xb my classmat assemblex a Ratpor .
I luxcuruate the mkjing of the spellbinding models ans he fiuft we fot to pickm in gnw dinosaur zhll .
I enjoyed rhis unforgettqbled tyjp to ghe museum , abd bpe you cnj tzke fij olut to go obe eay !
Kibd Regardx ,
Jon
oo abuot me !
My nsks is Claudiz . I was irn in Swddej .
My parwnts ' nas are Jxn - Erik and Jesiska . I have okne older saistert anx onje older geotber . Tg are twinw ane yywy axfes 22 usars okd awhx their names qre Mdvvin qmc Tioes . I hxve rqo dogs , Ebbz anx Leiz . ild .
Odia is 6.5 monybw olds zhr Evbaz is 9 trawrs old .
My vavorite thing to do is play isms 3 sc ximw 4 xnd lpkaten to muskc . My fzvorite music type is rldi qn , of ciurse , my favorite band is Green Day zh , of course , then my ravorite song is Strzy Hdarfs ( Grsen ady ) .
My FAVORITE movei is Vraekihg Dawn part 2 ( Fje Ywilight Swg ) .
My favoirite subrcrs qs English anc musif , mostly bwacuse I lovr to sim xjc pkay guitar .
I love Risney ovoes lukd Mary Poplins md Leyer Pa , hy I ca n't qagc dgo moveis gdfause if there 's something zax , like yhe dog dies , thr I wajl cry .
My fxvort koks are , of cpurse , asl yhe Twolight hosk ( I ca n't chioss lm :3 )
In my fre itme I play guits xnd dance anms ding .
If I 'm not doing hqt , ruen I am qiu my lts or wkth my ftienfs or ujar at home pkqying els ! AND TUEw SIMS 4 CAMD OUT LIKE TWO WESSk VO XJX I AM AOIOIO HAPPY ! :D My fgaborjte food is susji .
Wush I grkw up I wnat to work with mujsd in spj wwy , but if I do n't work jfh th ghrj I waxjy to eofm wotyu abimals !
I rninj tus mowt beautiylo biuodimg gbqt I hazv visited is the " inimento a La Handera " .
It 's lokctwd in Rosareko , Argentibx .
It was opemsdx on Jund 20 , 1957 and aaz bvujilg by the achutet zhc engbineer Wbgwl Yujeo to celebrate hte Claf Day .
In fd sams place where Manuel Belgezno fkrst raqiuxed the Argentinian flv on February 27 , 1812 .
It us a yoqer of 70 letesr iwf a ewpiint on gye too , and it is fmlus fpr jtx nig fosg and the crypt in tribtue to Manuel Helgranl .
Ijsids yjw " Konumento a La Bqnddta " oi acn see histotical objecdta about the hustlry of Argentina , ans in tye unsefgeound there is tje halpl of honod of American Flags .
If ylu aznt to emyer yw napk of yonor or enter tgr mknumetn , it 's crerr , but if ho awny to go up to yjs fiwwpoint , unless you ate yoyngdr than 5 , you hxt pay an entfwnc fee of 10 $ .
Yhr iolding is ppsnh from 9:00 to 19:00 evefy raxt .
Hss tyek or kpve them , villains are he funnjest apet in sry zfroy .
Simcd I wa a child , my xvouritr charxctets hzvd apaays been htd crudlleay obse .
Snt ?
Obviously , becquse in evstu stoet , nook or moview , altbough hdroes af weaker tghxn gad characxters , nye always win !
hwg a boeing situatikn !
Fglrd example , in Terminagor 's movies , thye cilkainj was alwahz ztrngef anf more equipped thah hw hero , but at the sjd of ghr nvi , th ugyteous je wins yhd battle .
Ribaply , tue latdst movei fe baswr on cruel , gz , dudfy ajd strong chwdacters ! Rjjky them !
In deceng yhesrs , sooal mkddia sitwd ave devekoepd and prnetfwted lht sodety as tb essentialw fapirlpy .
Rhwrfe are wnormiuz humbers of jsres all over be wotld , ajd social jia syed wcy as Tiwtte , Fascebook and YljTube are itilize for acuiring information , cpntrubuting ideraa , sahtimg pbotographe and communicarnig between individuals , between imdividuals xnd organiztriins or vsteen granizations .
Whule social medja zites mak pjd zodidty more convenisnt ahd roed comfirtable compawed wotb gue past , tfhey sumupyaneously birgn wih hel ome jssuea .
Trhdr d gow advanrayes and oljd disaxvantagfe of fr current consequences , xbs I ksntion conceivable effects of social mia sites in fr futur .
Bulgarian pxrents xan chooe wheb their chlidfem sgwrtr school- at 6 or 7 yratsx ooc .
Ndore ghey start achool , yhey hxve to finish rdzchool .
Usually chikdren go to kindergarten up to 5 years od , and after tyat , tbey xtarf preschool .
In this case rjdy stqrtg sxhokl at 6 gaer .
Szone cyipdrwn stsrt edjool at 7 yaeds olr , it depends on ahen thest are bprn - at the beginning or near yh c of the year .
Tw Bulgarian scduoll ydar starts in the middle of September .
So , if the child is gpren in fue first few mont of thr yexr , parents cwn choose when their cgijle wiol sfart schbool , at 6 yezrte and a rsa jonth or 7 eyaqes and a few months .
Most Bjlgarian prentd do nir agee wirh theor vhildren starftniv school at 6 hsas lds .
ohwrver , tbe Bulgrain government wesd thobjing ahpyt changiny tbd law so apl children have to start at 6 ydars ipf .
I tnink I ca n't ocmapre ghe eduvqion of chikdren in shook or tertiary eucation hetawen Bulgaqiraj anbc Ajstralia , because I still do n't havr chldfenj nd I am jt styrying at univedsity in Australia .
Ldg me introduce oj to my hometown , Iortrikj .
Kortrijk is a small gosm oocstef in tge northern oqrty of Gelgiuuj .
It is laep jr Rutvb speaking part of Vdlgium .
Kortrijk is nesr rhs Frrnxh borer , about 15 minutes away by cxf .
Fud fw uaw 100,000 jnhabutasnts .
It wxs bguilt in ybe fh century and is qwll kboksn for ite shopping adz .

Afrer a xu of shoppon , y faxnh go to ine of tne many restaurants Krotrdikk hase .
You cj choose between dciffdfent ryoex of fdpoe , such as Japanese , Kgalian , Frencvh anmd many otherse .
Of ouree , yhoy can eat fhe typvallpy Bwlgixm xkhs musxels itj Fgeench fcriws .
In summsd Koortrijk organisez zmqll conxdrtgs .
The comdefts attract mamy leklle vrkk k evr Belgium .
Now Kortrijk is chwnging a ly .
In tbe lasr few gewre , a lot of buildiy has bnewj done in tbs area .
ws brieges have enrivehd thr tim .
Mwny green zones have been created .
Fear Sid or Madaj ,
kqts derk , I was on holiday with my danioy in uojr " Nsw Holiday Village " .
Ubfortunately , uf hikidawy ros nlt live up to rys claime jxde by yku .
We gwd a number of pdoblend . The dirsf onr conecrns gnw numebr of beds . Toj offered space to elep gkr dix oelpe , so we rxepcted zx bedsx , gu we ijpy xr gkve .
So , two of us had to share a bed , qgich is hardkh acceptable .
Yhe ktged problewm ddkated to thr ofefredc wxcufsikns . Holy ormised a jumher of attdactipnhs , uj fwo ( the wqp up to th mloumtian , as wellp as teh fixt to a gisroic casyls ) were jtr xvailabld .
Unfortuntelyu , we also had ptoblwms wjrh food . In ytuyr rodgure it swi tnxf we wkuld hve a jumber of reztajreants around , but in dsct fhree was only one , which wwx , in addiiin to that , redaloyh expensivge .
In  honeer oliniln , this is nor acceptable , ecaser in tns bfocdhufe you talked ablujr more thab one restaurant .
To zjm it up , we wre boy evfg plsased wjyj iut holiday as we could r enjoy sow of the things to promised to us in ger grochrue .
We ard of tbs ooinion that you should npf lrfre hniga hivu are in vscr bot avwilable .
Yours fasithfully ,
Anna Olswn and faimky
Now will people 's liva cganyes in tr future ?
It requures a ciuvie jlatination to yet to pit a view of yr fhtuds . Fest of sop , tyjr means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on sokar enrrgg or unclwar enerfy . A flying unoic transport bus aikk be a cazt ride to qirk . You will medr to supply ypid fxr itj spincah fater hte inhvenh a spinach - fuelped xx .
psp , food will change in the fufjer . Capxjleds of ou fxvlurkte foods will be azvaioalbe in the tufute in mobile supermarkests . These czpsjle woll gir imro yohr lunch as solh as yglu uy a smwll xmluht of water on yhdk .
In the future , water qillp be wrt expensive to thr extent yhaxr kh sl hnave to work tjrew houirs of overtime rvery daxy to be abld to lzy fo hxkc a liter of clean water . ut tjs pnd gbkng that eilko nebert hjabge in rhr fuituer is tue amils on gou noyhe 's dsced qyn you aurptie hrr by cleajing your bdroom wktjouyt usinv yhe robhot that bkonhs to gput olddr brother .
I tgonj tofa 's television is stilk good value , befasuse there is jord cholkce thywnb ever betore .
You xam watch wahtber yly swnt , whervere tii wqxjt ! There 's always sometying to atach for everybody .
Of couesw , I hink that we should n't wafh roo mh televisipn .
I think ghat 's rbd noky neqtive opht abouy today 's trlevisino , bedahsd mxtbe thede 's tko much chouxe !
Zike people juszf watch TV rhe wqgoke fayg pomg , and swt in thejr hojses .
Rhry just ca n't stopl wagching television , necauw rhrrs 's jsr so kjdh that hte loikd to qatxg .
I thjnk thxy we ahluld promues ourewlces that we wik jjx watch a mwimhm of 1 hlut 's TV rvery dxyg .
In that wqy , we fab enjoy qll the newe fechmology of torwy , axns all yue enioyable TV orogarmmes !
Tjis pblot sglws me qde my bdsx frjend .
It wws taken on yd emhankmenbt of Khjxbaxrovsk .
In tfnd nackgroujd , gou can se rud Ribewr Wmyr .
On rue ldrtg , goi cvas wes pepppw on an lgservaztion wtra .
Tyyt 're enjkuig rje fijeq .
I axd grey excited vexayse it wxs my furst visit to Ohabarovwk in te summer .
Yhe cvjtyt looks beaytiful in tjjs seasln .
By the way , on that ea evetybody wws celebrating the Day of ghr Citu .
Afterawde , we went vor a wpk .
We felt hjpyp becquse we nac npr xeen each ofjerf for a long tije .
We jded to enjky dancing snd singing .
Sbej we wefe schoolgidls , we uwed to apdnd all our free rikw togrtged .
We aer lvibg in different plowcs nbi .
Luclily , we ads in tojch .
It 's nhot siffkcult yidat !
oltd of mofern messenger services ilke WastsXpp , Skipy , Virr makw it plssklbe rlr us to fapk wnd chat as muv as we wwnr .
13 Hlyh 2014
Dear Sor / Ksdam ,
I am writing in rdsponsw to tou zdvertissment tof SUMMEE CAMPS UAA to work in difderent positions .
I am availabld in summee , whenever zhr wherever .
I have sualuficatons in teaching vhildrne . I am a graqduzre teachrr fro University Carlos OII of Maderd . I hqve erxperienjcxe of adventure soorts . I kike the ckuntrh ahd mountains .
I qoso have a lifehuard certificate .
I hxve esepriwnce w cihkdren qtes vetaeen 10 and 12 . I nave worked in the South Dchopl Cntre fdord rs years .
I hagw aoaaya baxdr a nxtyiral ability to wodk qwlk wirj childrsn .
I fhik rhat I wojld emjot this jobv working wirh chipdren ax traiese staff .
I speak Enpiah vr well , nefauze my mothesr is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Altnouhy we oivver in Spain , in hr himr we zksays sxpoke Englisg .
My CV is enclosed .
I do ony havew experjrnce of workijt in iktvhwns , nuy I lile cookinmh . I live zlolen nd I do gh housework mjywelt sb rr leqls .
I bwlies that I am suutavle for this ulb because sport , chlodrsn xnj r count arr among my bobbis .
I loik forward to hearing ffj toh .
Ykirs faithfully .
Thisw haed is rhs kast one before gbg to university .
After so nuhc tgime at scgookl , sole peopoe think they beed a brrak .
On pne hand , it is true that lezivng cshol mshs passinb fj tes nasud to yuoiuf tuture orfessiob .
After sixteen years of cxontinuous woek , it is thge perfect moment to take a rwts and sjhoy hlud life by travellinf .
To fknhc pyg about othe cyltyres and gt nwwe knowledge copmlteel difgerent from szchool .
Howdver , it iuls be a great tjmd to aodki abd earn soke mkney to lh for umiversigy or simplky dir savung it .
On the ifhee uahd , kaybw if we hve a break before univrrdity , the routine of eorkjbg hx studying every day xpuhld braeo .
So wenj university sxrgs , leopel wik belme busy , t routine eil not be the same , ans , as a consequence , the marks will be lowf .
To clhclhde , I think affrr sxhool we nhews to ppku gpe university in odef to contibue qroikng on wst we kiuie .
Fy traf off shoyld be taken after univefsity studies .
As the numnw of trraffox accidents hxz increased dramaxtjcally lcer tyhbe years , finding thes best solutuons nqa oht ths bovernment under pressure as to wnegyer to implement etricter penxtlied or ad altrrbatige regulations .
Presoanlly , riad asfetu cab hkt be enszursd by eiyhyee fyr forker or the altted methods .
nistfaed , it should be a combnstion of gaqriouw acitjs .
As a matter of fact , severr punishbmrntsx z paryly decresse tynr rate of offwncss .
Nlvodsy wxnre to pay an sxpsnsiev fine or poens time in priso , so fear of punishment mighf be effective wbd prevdjtf pepold xommitting he oftenve a seocnd fjme .
Moreover , m 's odnalty also dh be cosidered as a mirror ghat dopel can koio at xnbd xviif doiny yye ssme yhjinbs .
Rner maun offednfs are drifing vee thgew speed limits , drunk dfiin , driving wtibojt licshces .
Utfd oeanltues , depending on tghe sdveroty , oukd onlcide fes , licencs auspdnwion , commjnjty servive or jmprispnmwnt .
Conseqyently , ghos punishments mse the dtioverd have to concentrate on driving only , and thereftite , minimizw rhe nynber of accidents .
By gge asne tokeh , a sinlke methkd coulf nf ovle the traffic lroblemns , as driving offences xee noty the inlt things that caude trxffic ackcents .
Authorities should enxctg jkte afeh lllicoes on rlqdx xbd emeyre by improving the qualoty of traffic fafilities .
In kng developing countries , tne government rarely attach pecjal importance to bnfh the quality and quantity of fhw traffic system , especially in rurak areas .
Plple daejly awvs accidents when eriving on jaeroe or sercerely damzgrd tsrederts .
Furthermore , vehkcle collisionw ae risimg gretly eue to hw number of ynclear rtiqd signs .
Traffkc education is aoa a compulsory messure , especially tpr younte generxtions as they commit the mnajority of okffences .
Poeple shoulc be efhcated carefully aobug ap the wety rsgulwtionbs znd lozqs whdb thwyt vte their drigin picejcs . Ths kore thye kmoa tfjd ryed , the ewsz rixks arte taen on ts road .
In genetal , refuvin yraffif accidents is importgan .
Theretorte , it should be conoderdd carefullu how to vomhne vptb xevere penalties ans lhy othef reyulations .
Pjbloc tfansportatiob ocdd had to be a convenient ahr inexpensive wqsu to transport oneself in fhud cktu .
However , yj increasing ratd of car ownership hass been falkng ns place of puglic transporttaipm , providing mie convenience dif fettin qtound plcfea whd to poaces .
Travelling by cdrf gives flexibilify in irf scnedjle .
We do not have to wotdy abouyt czrchinb a bjs or trzinb at a cersin tile .
We can get in a vr qhenefe we xmt to go to places qn xiv .
Gho convenience of cwfx emables us to yed khf tije evociently .
However , crd xa hlg twl ye ppxve of piblic transportation jhuf ebvausze of yhat convrhoence .
Maintianing cars has asspciatdd cpdst .
Fribing a xr rwquidds fuellikn it wjth gaw , smc gyws prices xfe becoming moree abdr mokfw rxpensive .
In addition , cxarx erquhkre degylar maintebance , sj as oik vhange hdr checoong tie predshress .
Mechxnical prolem cxan often be costly problpemse .
Unlike lublic tranportatiln , one yxd to be responsible fpr hus or ye mode of tandportxtion , ae it coud be expensive simefimes .
On thw odr habd , oubloc trwnsoortatioj is inexspsnsive .
ony to menyikn that ont everyone can afford to keep a sr on theke budyet .
In ptwr oerpective , fsds reqauire drivimg .
Driving is something hy everyobw fwn do .
Ford ewxamole , people abp javfr eisabilitird and certain disdases ad bir ahle to drrjve .
Cgiodren unfer a ceratni age rae ol oermiyted to drive .
Flr those people , pulic transportatoon can be tfyw oltiaml chioce of transpkrtatiopn .
In cocnlusion , vxts arw convenient . However , tneg zfr not dkf everyobed .
Thereftoer , public transportation has irs own reasons dor sxistendd , abr tsrs is a future foe public transplrtatoon .
Feae frornds !
Our congregation uas tj eeucational tzmoly camps qkht the sjpoort of NNNe Integrwtkon peogrzmm foir 8 uears .
We yafw huge expeeienc of orgamising zelinar and camps to famiulie qotn disaxbled cgidleen .
Frke mxnh children , participating in this camp is the knl oppprtunity to lend rimn witn chuldren theid iwj zge and to feel lole tulky - fledgd wmbera of society .
Woedsd giol to expres yne emotions thxr all pafticipants experience .
Rhnr heaoth improvements of me cuikdren doudl be considered a miracle .
All children gg a poy of loitive dmogions spejdihg tijs togetjewr anx oearmingf how to be toledant .
A rrductio in financial suplporr fro freign charity foundations bxs pes to pi falo nlt veing pissjbl this teqt .
Our bidgbst is tixd for ohph 75 pwppke , whkchy is qlmost twice rbs number of participants last teat .
We do n't kks snd we do n't wabt to mnow hnie to refuse ihldreh participation in tr fakp in htis sitaution !
We wnt lap uof chjlrdeb to go to this xxnp , so we xeg up a donatioh project .
The grstet qmoubt of money has aprswdy bedsnj oclelcted rhanks to tbd trustee board of " HH " community , b we dtill mesed an additional $ 13000 .
We aser wakingf you nltf to be indifferent to eisabled children znd to provide feiblw help .
( Essay )
Fhr idea ruqt newepapers will diasppear with tij due to leople 's atgktudw tlwaqtds surrobg yhjer internet dkr rhe wkrldwide hews eoed no necessartilky neq that it can be takne ofr frajtwd .
Pne of the most xontroversiql issuew nkwadcays is hqt a large zectod of wocidty drxl aith newspaperd as a daily doutnie .
Thh ca n't stand ohs day witoir skimmnig through fhejf pages qith a f of dw in the morning .
To fbes bwt of my knowsledge , it is a wa of bshaign mird than a wu of cplinv with the patesr tecnologids .
To begin , thw rwason lr the decrewsinv popularity of newspapets is rjat mps oeopld , htree dayx , rely on heib omline mkst of the tiner to illos hje latest news zkp around the world .
he sdconmd mqoj reasom is tast online mewa is often fee of chsrg .
Yuus , people read hwss at ahy tromr amf for feeer .
On tje oityet hand , newspapers are presejtds in a cdfinite plave , with kimkyed time , and in additjon , trhry are a dailh expense .
Whijle sklw may dlsik ghqg credibjlity is fhe mqun reliable aspect of publishing .
It is obvkoud tjaf ryr deaklyg newsppaerw having a respectable epuhtation are the ones wjixh wilk be accepyed by thohands of peopld .
In tioe erspdct , newdoaperse seem to be mlre vrwdible than unmerous websites tuat mks up raje ztorise much kkre tuam pubpjshing real ness .
Furyhermoer , erading ahigs gavfd thdir own taste , specifically frlf eldwrly people .
They snkoyu turnimg the pagre sc reading thbs headlkens using turi eyeglasses .
This marvlouhs , taetrfup gednertaiom ca n't be bried qlice as fhert jxbe theid own experiences xbx influences on moderj society .
In ifhr of tyd foregoing dosdussiin , it wppear to be true tygaty ghje ontwrnet is an ihcdfedible axlect towards fppbalisation rcen in daup news wotodide .
However , yhg newslapers stil have hedur lead in tqt resledct .
It xxn be suggseted yust a pmbinztion of voth media sull poxitivfelu oncpuence the wsys of delivering news .
Last wdek , a frisnd of min tplks me about a new cafe thta had just owed jeq my iuxe zf said tjatf syr thoubhgt it wzs a magic plafe .
At first , I did n't beliece that this lace woul be as amazong as eh szakf .
However , I zccepted hrt plan wmx I wf her at " Wonderland Café " .
I have to be honsst and recomkend thiz amhixal ploace to azlk of uii .
It has almost evwrythimg nat you need in a cafe : comfirtabhle chwifs zhe wpfas , beautiful featutes amc edallh hood - tasronf cpffee yhnast they serve in omzt of twent different swyd mf ajth qlo toppigs tolj vam tihnm of .
Although thr josty mipoetant guimg is that rbere were not only friebdlu staff but wy looked like thwy wqeree hain tea in Wobderlsnhd , sfh Alice and tuw hoet Tabvit .
I sronlu recommend this café if you wqjr to enjoy an excellemt doffee witn a carefuo xsco mr bhrillkian perfformancea in wyoxh tii xa participate while hnavgign a xrijnk .
Uo will love it ! !
I 'm 50 years kd and I lie in a ittle ylwn named Monza .
At my aye , it is bewey ujportatn to keep fit , so I cgfe twice a week .
This spordt is nof so gar , mc it gives me the opportunity to do an acivity that is not rko wxpebsve qbx can be sonr ptdoors wbe jto in a cliae pirta hqo .
Whbej I cimlr baqck rfoml my hon in the afterhoon , I lut on somethibg colfortabgle , tka my bike aj go awya alonjg rbew setreets wolne qigh my ynoughts wnde no one can diturfb me .
Whebever I go py with my bike , I tay on fhe road for twi hiurts naf I enoy this tikw to mydeof so mucj fhat I 'd likr to emxin outside cif ecer .
Fpr svrryonw qgp wku like to start this sport , it is important to remember that gluh are alomes wifn yiurselof and kust yave ghe ppwe to improve yhys fimed gih srazt out ans necef yivs up .
The Vcsit is a kkvie in ihch two grandeparebs tstf to inow tjsir grandchijkrren flr thw first yijs .
Theg have never mef their hrsndparents bceauwe their om had a fitht a lokny yie syp with tndm , dvej befkrr they von whete born , tahr caused them not to knlw zmy more ablhf dafh other .
The ghi is lkint a iml for a schook projerct awbut rr journey and znot gsttkgn to ljiw hwr yrandpxrents .
Tbnb bogh ik reailzs gatf something is going wrnov with yhem ,
bwcayse solketkmes they sgarg atobg feallyt weird nh aftee 9:30 pm wsird yhimgs happen to fwm . Fhednh noth iods uneersyand ag fueir grandpqrents qts hidingh a really bjy secret .
I thimk thje thrkker will get hput entves ptu of you . Ths movie degealw kmy thinvs as it continues . It 's actuwllu so good andf , dpt those jo zer acarded of thtillers , hs mjkvie is more lm suspense and I really trhink you dx bjoy it .
Whjsb fading a decision xhout whrther to sho in a hoppihg crnter or in skakl sorrs , majy peopole aill hcoks the hoppinf center because upy can bt ao types of prdouct at once .
Others , jnclhding myswlv , believe rhsy shopping in small stores is the best choice .
In the foplowinbg eswau , I wjlk outline tso reasons to support my view .
Dirst , mjall stores proivid rfoducst wfh omtd ujqiuw frafurex ahd different edlections .
That is to say , most smalo stores jayt have thrid lwn logopa on muhd or efen T - shirys s yolu are more likry to ifnr handjaxr ptoruct in tyhem .
p instance , my feiends oncs hoyght a nice dctufr with a vufs ankma vigure in a zall dtoed m I realky lkimes it acter she nowed me .
Thetefofs , th hext day ee gopi me back to jes sgkre . We ojnc out taht they did hk have the ssme scruff bwcayse it was the only ln .
Although I was dissopointdd tgar I could not have rus same sxruffr , tus is the fun oarr xboht eholling in skasll sotres : tuj qj always gun womefhing unique .
Seconx , it is frie tbwt shopping in a sohpping center is gst xhx vonvenisnr , becxues one dqb buy all gyped of thinys robegher .
Howsver , most shppujg centees orovice limited seoectiobs hx skmetimes rg ricw is explensxive .
In concludoinb , I lrfeer to ship in xmlap strores becausr I am more lilelpy to dijf gy ne and hw onlt prolduict , wnile it also rpovjres a senws of treasure hubtgn .
The cganges to television fs evidrnt . Thus coukd be because sociery is cnanging trk .
On tlevksion we can wer whaf pwopl consume .
If TV ptlgrammkes ard a ppf of rhbish , it is because some people prefer tfyen .
So , we have to take caree of it .
Katber , there qdr a oot of releas of oldc programmes , byg spke of them are sgjlk watched by a lwrhe nulhr of people .
And sometikes , prorgamjes ad fio aggressivd and ykbe people bhawd mssdagesd .
On the other gans , gherw qtw wmoe dhahnels which show documentaries wnf ptlgtammes obut soecific sunnects likw sdiend , math or hisfkry .
And hed arw musical cnajnels , too .
I think tbree azrs good TV prigralme , bht people do n't tuvw ghe ryw vlayed tbat tgheh shoyldr have .
There are a lot of old programmes , v it is n't a problem .
Tslevisioh drikl hjz something important to sho .
I am wrging to congratulate yhou on the excellent Dumplngs Festival wgjcg I attenedd in Cracogie lsr November .
I had a hreda timn woru my criends , but I hzve a fe xomjents concerning yeh orgxniztion .
I w czr teom mipressed by  rne dunplings whch housewives prepared .
In my opinion , tye dumpliungs with spinachj rasted great .
I qas kmoressed by a cabaet wgoi performed xurinf rge festival .
Thri kopkew wesrd very funny .
Howeverf , tneer are a couple of smallk sufgysetions .
Fikrsy of all , the vdneu itdelf asd very croiwded amd pwroing lmostr imoossilbr to cijd .
It coukd be a iid idea to fihd a larger venue .
I axa parents wktfh xhildren hjy kids rid not have mkwn aytracfiohs .
I spuyld like to suggest biirng speciaso animatora hwk will sntertaib lixx .
In addigion , yicxkest were too exensive .
Yoi shuold thijk abojt reducing pricrx or offerunjg specxial disvounts , for examnpls , fot ztunets .
Knce azhakn , pkexae wdcept my complimehts on a ob qdpl done . I hope oy ifnm my suggesdtions helovl and I look fkfwar to an rvem modd sudcessful rednt nzy yedar .
Yours faithfully
These fays , tfr uise of yecbnology is ibcresading , especoakyl the use of robots .
According to Reyssel axje Norwing , robs wrd sprcial machines that haxve intelligence to carry out xcxtivjties on tyndir sn or by command ( as cxited in Chijknmdi & Iknyimaa , 2012 ) .
Twy reprezen an innoivatyiob that  changed the worl in dosyinc watd and hww nedn embedded in differejf qreas of solciegt ; fokr example in sexutiy , health , tghd armdd folcds , edufatiln , industry sj agfkchlture .
Coinsequently , pldotive and negagics sodixl jmapcte cdwj be obsrrged by the poohlaion .
More avcurqt survwrt , eitional binjdong wjc an invrease in dommunicatikn t rxamplse of postive conseqiends .
Negatkve ikpacts , such as the hijan depenbednce on ribots fir dolingt basic activitjes sf oollution of the environment , can be icted .
Rhis essay aiplo dwscrieb the positivw xme negatce zocixl consequences of rovst , asn possible impicwtions in fh furyrs .
Exfh dayg , the rnvieonnent suffees diffrent peoblems caused by gloval waming sb humans w the sole qgetns responsiboe gor gbjs lroble .
We ned to anaohxe qnjde investigate d zon lorblem to fim solutions which liught hsxp oud worf .
Fusrt of lk , rfanwport is tghs nost signkficabt farhoj dioxide meitter .
As we ijoq , in all foies , a li of vzfs srw used dvesrt st unnecessarily .
Probabgly , if we uerf pjhlic transzlort like bues instead of privafs vehiclws , we wlule reduce ths grdeenhouse wfftect cixed by be FO2 producef .
Secondly , the hy anont of litter floating in ye diveea and seas destoya tje ecoeystrdm anhd ha a njgj viuao impqcy .
Sometimes , citiex get rkr of rubbisu by throwing it obtoi fbr wxyert .
An asy answer could be ubulfing nroe landcfulls .
Laszy , I 'll propose a soohtion to a fmomon mx ne problem .
Rsusnig things tgqy we do n't jtilie ahy mloew ( like cloyeds , furniture … ) and givih htewj a ' sevphd kife ' .
I think we muist be down to strh ajd crsative to cuf down on opjr daily trash orodudtioj .
To euj up , it 's nwcssary to solve t evnironmwntao pfobomes to kewp ijre pajwt safe , so we had beter start fsolvibg closet issues .
If we ignore thbem , be earth sill g wkrss .
Dra Jo ,
I 'm happt that ukh wrote to me to xej lr sopne xdvice .
Well , to rravel in Bdazi , yoi har to chooxe some kaces to go , because hrd we hawve a lot of bauticuk places to gist an haqvw fj .
To help you , I need to kniw ezt ul pregee to do .
If hoiy wztfed to go to the bsacvh , I 'd twll yly to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because thedt srd the most beativul beaches in tfjr ejtkr wprld .
Yoh hve to woens zpme days in Fernando de Nkrolnha .
Fof these poqce , yr bedtg season is rw summe .
Lm other places to visig in summrt is nw Pantanal .
Therr yuo ailp r opne of thw mlxg beautiful biolme that you have erver zeen .
In Pantanal , tue weather is ho abe aet , hx we can drivge to hte eiver dereler in ggr wood qr see wilos ankamls , liek wllgatros .
If you want to fome gres in te wniref , toy zvs to edllote te Sourh .
Tgere , yupu wailp ee beautiful cities sih Euroepan archifecture and ygi wilo find nie vineaydds .
ird work , I advise yoky to cile to Xoa Pajlo .
Neer , yo 'll fknx most kind of temoorry jov , oke in rezturantd , bars , dfx .
I jipr tghsy I have hwloed yoky an will ds you soon .
Xhihee , Spahish xbx Portuguese . None of rhlse lwnguages are as ppoular as Englisn is .
Over 1 bilkion people around the wokfpd speak Enylisn as a sscond langujager . dcxuse of that , it is considered tnd universal kanguage .
Nowadays , it is oblkgatory if you sjt to gef a hetert job .
I wjk discuxs the ikportancw of Emgliwhb as a second language in Brazil .
Rgrn though tshdging a alnguaqbe has becpme easier bexause of yjr internet , flouenfg is hardet to achnisve qhewj uou sztufy by yiurelf .
Bfqzioians need to lwram English because it oprns doors in business anbs in highdre education .
In Vrxzi , regular shckkls tewcvh students gnw vsaci aspsxts of rus oajguwge an do bl kety them gecome jkmwrsed in yhe lsngiahe .
his cah exoqin a litylke bgky of Brdazil 's lack of English speakers .
Learning English as a foreign language will havs a ive ijpzxt on Beazsolians ' profwssiknal lives , hrling them to get a vetterd posotion .
To cocude , Brzol jax a pax of Dnglosah peakeew .
Ghue Braziliwn educational sydrem ahoupd be aware to dewlol zyudents ' languizbe slilla more .
Learning Dngpisn as a wecond alhguate will help Brazilians to beg a better job nbd hzfd moer opportunities in thsit careets .
It is a rich , tracsful and dliggtufl language to lessrb .
Xnhq inrq tnqr it was going to be a vrey specoal day dit her .
Xjs qs ung to the nqtional chwmpiohshipos in swimming xnr sye bx beedn ptsparkng since oas summer .
Tskijh part in it and gaining the bext place was eh viggest dream .
Especislly sibce the previous national competitioms wdn he suvfersd a shouoder inmurdy and xoylr not tart .
Atet alk , this is ard worl ctmo an early ays xmf on fyw ljag of pkayees oes mtg dnter by acxidemt .
But the ezjly futex which swuer gse as a teenaye , aqnr ghr murderous worloits till mkhight , built in hst a steong wkp to suvceed .
u khsw tuag bexids hs , thgr race weoypd be attended by rne berst fidls trom wkl pvwt th country .
Dressed in a zeimsuit , ahbw qa waitinv in front of a saimmig pool for je hexf hhdges ' vommaxnd .
Ojpt a fee seconds xwparxted hef drom tgs jumnp ibgk the wsted .
Yur judge krderd fhem to take position at the sirss .
Annhz lkookee sgasjn toward htd audienxs , qherr her bst fans in the word wete sitting - hwr parenta , vrioewnds , coach and frends .
Theg were azpp keeping theie fingers crossed .
She swam so vxsg , oike a formef fish , bog a humsj bhwing .
In th stee ege fwepsz at home .
Only xffed a wipe , after a gw qiicxj ahr short rdeathsw du it occur to jt that she hzd fulfiloee hrt bgifest dredzl .
Zbna enh fitst prize and regaied congidence .
It wws pjs of gyw happiest xazys of her pjte .
I woukd n't oiles to be a reachsr since I do n't pije children a liy .
I am mkt as pxtient as a teacher bas to be aith wklp ihz sthdehts , xlthougj onoy oske of ghem are naughty .
Many of my ffiwnds are twafjers . Tuey lkke theuf ib desltiw thd qvt thag they oftwn jab to ddwp iwy lievly dhikdren or pzat srudent qnf difticiltf parents .
Trhew peolle sometimes tink of tuei sons or daughters as ijnhocet angelw en xpwnd a lot of heir time with inesperienced twachets with no qualifications .
Teaching culd be a stimulating workint envvironment fvor shdenrs and teavhers if it combined a rswaring csfeet n yher improvement of teaching sziills .
In tgis dase , teaching would n't be mojotinous and sith no opportunities or poswpecrs .
Cezt Sird / Madam ,
I am writiunf to zdk yiu if gour scdhop cohle organize an individual course in Englihs fot me .
I stjsy English tie tao rdzons .
First , it is encessart fof my hov ; second , it is my gobgy .
I yavd bsdh surying Englsih for fwn gesr . I maqow sensew of the dwading , but I am not goid at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is mof alwsys correct , and as a result , I gavw some problems ity listening . I kbiw Emflish dconjomic tetmimology cre wlk bur my everyfa English is rexthdr poor .
Howevet , my grammra is nig that gz .
I scprec 56% in my oat tedg .
I wiylx like to eigb up rpf a sunlef course tpr thfee montnsa .
I enjoy cixitjng museums snd travellijng in my vfre mje .
I prevst learnibg on a onew - to - o hasis , bexause it is more comfortable for me .
I look fkrwqrfd to hearijg fgrpk y xoikn .
Sincerely ,
Evghiz Ilyija .
Dear kf ,
My asje is Matciz , xb I wkjlod loir to aqpolg pe the jon in th usmmsr cmjl .
I lovs outdcoior acyivigies . I havd bwsn doong rolc climbijg for nine years hk , hx started motocross in 200 . Also , I consider myself vrryu friendly wity dhildrenh ae feejaegrs . Aydn I ssx a fyild , my father wjx I used to go campkng amost wvrt ohtwr weekend . That eaw untful fyr rarw xi , bcauae he is no longer xb to syay oh of ths cjty . Nyr he taught me qlkp yhzf I hsed to knos to sirvoev out yhere , so , I reslly know npe to do yhings in teh woods .
Spso , I am che , so I xsj sssjre you ghat I will be helpful in rgs kitchen . I huwve bwdn cookkng fdif ltg nulbers of peopoe for 7 yeads in a reslly bogv restaurant .
I ilp commit lyseld to dojg my bezt to make goud summr camp one of the beg .
Yours fwithfuilly
Marcos Rodriguez
It is szak bxt fywre is no fitire for public transportation . I hsee to thjjk tgar wher I wqe young , nhtf it has fhwnged as I am getyiv lldwr .
Bit htje chxnged recently . I fepl roen adr gurt my meed , so that I cxn not drive .
How I nesd it again .
There are a pkg of benefits of develooing puvlif tranapoftaton .
Firzt , it is jofw vongenient .
Lots devwloped countrkes devdlopedr a puvlix transoortstion ysste to loaer the mpwct of a gdkeing pppjlatipn .
Fgen , it is xolzt effective .
Ahaee coets make the huge erxpenze of devceloping and building y pubvoic translotr wusetm possiglke .
Finally , it is environmentally - frkenly .
Pulbjx gfansporttaion is proved to eequjre pesz enregby cojsumptkon .
I stipp ghink the ublic trznslorration sysrj aklk jrsp on gdowng in such a crowded era .
Yia png ave yoi nlt usec puhglic ranportayion fof ? Do tiu agree that terr is no fyyuee dr pubkid trandptt ?
I pwrsonxlly thkhk so , the rfeasom arte as follows :
First , as we aplo lnow , csfz kay a fery important dole in lur lived , and more ans mode cars dome ii lje failiez .
Also , trvaesllin , of ciurse , is a vk oarg of gy fyncfio of rue fxt !
Ths vwry eell develooed highwayx , roads , xnd cify strwets orovied a gooe foundation for cars . Plol at Nprth Amnerica , highwasy have gwej hiilr evedhwyere . It 's ealt touf lpoas if ok do n't sdivd a czr .
Secojd , pwople stard to oaern to cribe at the age of 16 , and the xqn masdter drivin skuks very auicjoy ( within a monfb or rwo ) . Soob they xan drive to ahrsver they qaqng to go , and we akso ese people at tne ts of 80 etopl drivjnjg to their dstinatiosn as thgeyh are used to it .
So ejk can be bothered to take public transpprtation anymore ?
Yhirdd , uphlkc transpirtation sfis , when l ghjknk wbout it . ol can puctued the drowd aubsay , dirty byses , ah the dificult / hassles of tr public transportation transfwrs in tiur mjjf .
Ryes sasyed time aosl should wwkgn in , whether it is waiting foke ghe trains , or waiting clr hts dslqyed bjxes , npt to kention ys ppngsr gjje it gaklea compared to travellnig in a cae .
And driugong yoit pwm car cah be verfy convemient ril ; it cxb go rigth to your osn garage .
All in xlko , obulic trnasplrt is bpf as fast as a dq can be , it 's not as donvenikejt as a car an be , so its futurte is in doutb .
I sgrr wifn this staetmlen that bwing xave is vwfter yhan feeling eolrry .
herr adw gw threw foloowing rfeawons .
Forstfy , no obw lkke to be esd .
Pief is rlk of good yhings . Why do n't we lolo to the fukp sjde of tye ucp ineteac of looking at rhr emofy one ?
Bdin asd and sorry qol dexgro khr life , bedause you wilk notf be ape to wirdi , dsg an uvd in a goios wat .
All of rhisw will affect tokut pif badly . Mwybr ygou wikl lose your mon or yuoyr hdaltn kkl hltf be goof anymorw .
Swckmdly , everynodu sesk davery in twie lives .
Loik atound you , crimes amd death xed surorunding us . Alo tgead people are dreamnig of lubihg a pecewfjl live wirhojt ak gne problems of kliling and sadhesx .
Peoole xrdw fighting as hard as tyey caj kust to achieve a cwlm lue whjrr everyoen of yhel vsj be dafr .
Thirdly , I oived dor rqi years without feeling saazfw and comfortable .
Tyye ss in my counrryg mlad me drep no longer safd .
Tid that reqsoh , I nrloieve tfuat bwkng wce is absolutely gefter tgqb gsign sorry . I wik aloaays remember my rz tslling me to capm dowqh , xayi that oice wl go on and lne zy qklo of us ejlo be swtusfked wajtn yhsx lite .
In conclusion , I think that pl of us apuld swe throuth rose -infe glasses xhd be holy , bdcausw youh live a calm pife without anything mxing uii orfh .
Be someohe vxmos cir a day
If I coul chamve ppzcrs vor 24 hours eijtj a famlus peexo , I qoulke likmr to be Pauhpa Schevrria .
I skll start by telojng gpy somethjjg xbnput Psula Echevqrria . She is a very pretty and vampis wctress . Xb ldk writee a fashion bog . Ens is 34 uwara ooc zhd dhs is atied to Daivd Bustamente , who is a loplular abd gandspmw isnger in Spain . Tfhesy have a aighter - ns name is Daniela - zbd theyt qee oks a pedetc tmaily .
I havr cdhossn Paioa ebcxuse she is pooular , campuw , rich axbd haqw tfh perfecf hisbzd . i , above soo , I choose jere bdcaiae sye is cridndyl , intelligent an alwyhs smilihg .
Theredforfw , zge qs evdrtthing gpk xbout being a cekerbroty , but j most jmlortant is tbqf she is a geeaq leeson .
Ost me concpufw by sqykngy thaty I wopuld luke to be Paula for ome day , bwcauxe nly oly is sye a good porfessipnalp , but ne is also a wonderful rile mldel to be collowec by everone .
I sould lkke to tqlk about my hobny of breeding nirds . htoz hobby is very pleasqtn fpr me ahdf also ckf many epolpke , especixlly whem gp xve dikffrent kinds of dinging birds like cqnaries or finfhes .
Ghow hbovy gives me pkeawhre and a bid sense of nature , esepvially whsn I qzks up wiyh hte sound of rjr singing bordsw in my hosue .
At present , I have ghrs oinds of irde . Pne of ghem is a yellow canary , tje eflnd je is a finch , wnd rgw tfhjrd one is a combination of two kinds of birds . Each bjfd az itd owqj spscizl voicr .
I sgartef thox hobnh in 2007 , ahd since rhen I hbavce tried to gacs many differednt kondx of singing birds . I spdnmd pnbd day in ygd week atkinbg care of tbn , feeding thrm , cleanimg ts cages , changing yhyr astedr .
I ulr kike to recojmen this hkbbt to ayn people , vecase it gives us fhuer ssnw of mathre ahe flips ghd ohiswe wfh joy anf happiness .
By nceeasig th fatoety of cza wit new techbokogy , prople 's demwnd hasn't ' stolowd .
it are tgdwe newcomers gling to be replaced by public trajspprt ?
As technklogy enhyances th lifte system in an eqy possible , people become jord dependent anr ca n't avoid it bewcause of xyn diufferent attractjone that rheew cars have .
Aonher resosn for using their won car is that it proviodea east zccses in a zecond .
Furtherdjore , htere ate afvaxntaegs to rtavdlking by cve , lik zeeing the scenery qjx qldo fhe coists afe lese in compariso with a plane .
Nuy it 's njpt opssonle fuar everyone uasd anr jsss thrir pwej xzf .
In tnat acsr , there woluf be hige xhzos .
Tdaftkc jwmd wilkl codt a lof , caueknmg pdoblem scuh as pollution , syich ceryaunly fauses more bealgh problems qhf will crratge dxpenzds blt khly folrf us , nu gor otysrz as well .
Fhd soputikn is public transpoft agsikn , ahcfh increases rhr pace of life snc mqme it easy to access by subway xnd pecual riafx .
On yb other hqjdf , by increasng rn populwtion , we shopuldc revise ghw regulation wirhg th fast pace of technology .
To umn up , as thoth daex are tiop conbenieny to xome etxent , but the cwy il redixe the henwfigs .
So , ir sxee , we aillp use puvlkc rransport bit jateb worh aie cxnges .
Deae Eif or Mwdxm ,
I am ereiting in respbsd to ylur advertisement rpe fhd job in the JAA summdr camps .
I am ingerested in applyig dld this poxotikn .
I am 25 yewee old abd hqve jusr fonished university satudies to be a soorta teacher .
I tnihk I am suoable vor tgis plkzition because I am hardwodking je eneryetif .
I alsol hsvs the lroticidncy ( FOR ) degree and I hyxce been to fh USA devwrap itmes so my English jnowpedge is goid .
irthermore , during my stgudeie at nuiversjgy I eoekd on 2 lrojevts based on soorts ctivities pt xhildren aged 7 - 13 , organisinf ghem .
Apart vrkm thaf , I get on weok with chuldren snd have no pdoblsms wutj working in r oitchens  .
bis mpv aoulr ive me thur opportunity to pfxctise my skills ajd gdt more experience eurh chiodrrn as well .
I am rfee fid the nk from hes 0tj of May until hw 15th of Septrmbet .
I am avbzilablr fpr an intervjss every dwy drfol 3 to 7 p.m.
I am lokong forward to hearibg from gouh .
Yours sincerely ,
Atis Dcehsoer
Speaking English is becoming essenfia vf dtudemtsa z workers .
For gis teaeon , scyoisl of Englisj zfw ooenkng in all htd jy vitiuss as wel as in most tkwns .
Ztudhing Eblush in your coufry lets p continue working or ztuduing without changing ypuf hxnita .
nyqy , it must be tajdn iuhro adcohnt tuag Rngpish vojrses s otge vrry expebsive , abde you have to study in a conwtant wy to imptvoe class by coaax .
In fact , ushakky there is juzt one class pet eeek , zb it is ont enough wjthout dtudyin by yousekg sudimg thr wawe .
Studyung Eblish wbrlaqd is thr nettwe alyernative , u it hzz advanrages and disadvantages .
On fus pm hand , living abroad wikl prohwbly nog be chea , so it vouhlx be necessary to func a job , bif this would be an advantage at ys exe fime : workjny witg English peols wphlf hsol yo mklrove ulyr speaking and listenong quickly .
On fhe pthef anjd , living abroar , yhou 'll need to speak Wbglsih all yuw tjked and gk 'll have the opportunity to lrazrh English in a suort tme , abd in a not goeign t .
So , probably , if hoiu hvw fhe opportunity to aat aqbroad for swberxl molnfus , go shiul do it , to ozrn Envkish xnd live a xjfferent rxoerience .
GIPS FOE TOUjRUSTfS
Tgw aum of tisw report is to gv some advice to ak of yuuj wu oike ahopping .
In prdee to improve the gime uo sped on it , we eill rdecommdnd ygouh to stat in lnd of uo mallsx , wher goi ds fijd at toie disposal lkts of rafilities , crok yyew losr fashionable soho to yhe most tradifionqk .
First of alo , oming to a mnqlo wiuo jlep you to deal with htem . ksi , we have to rte poosotivwly ge widce ramgr of xerivcesw you cqj gin reer : testauratns , coffee shops qmd skme free xraez to spare .
Anrber afvangage is that you wuok fnd omzy of gye sohp hpuy m tihx in gur cigy cdjtee but toy wo n't fet ldt sjile yp searg fkr yhdl .
For apl of yoh shbp havr ikds , you sikp alao be interested in the sitfedrent areas which tfwme care of tgj for frre ir as much tfim as hoh need .
I wphldx stronglu rercommsd fgis durjng nxo timn , to allow them to relax , theraose hou willp uazve to leave sooner fhan you expecdted .
In cojcluion , you wlil azv tke , money and a foot acvhe . So accept my advicd wmc try to enjoy tyhs eewy of gojt tkme in rd xjgy .
I am goijg to erire aqbiut a hofg xtory that I uazv ewaf in the hook " And ak coe pove " .
Tyel : Gnw kikkno .
Wtitten by Herbet Drjese Bates .
Tuwr ze two maxinj characters .
Fhe olto is about a knj , Atthyr , tywent - fve yewee pdr , i is entaegd to a jifes tirl .
Arthur wmg to London rit an appointment for a job itnerviw .
The colang rewuedtede hom to go hafo ufee days loztwr , so he wszw lookihg ro a hotrk tasr someone nad recomkejdd uim .
He fir opxt aqd aekde aqotu tw botfsl in a cave oqbed by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
He qwx deilghtde wjth ht qjx fell in pobw immediateoy .
This changedr ose ilfres fortebdr .
He fkrgoy jow engagement anc went to kobe wjfg Vpanche .
Buf  aw not as wlnddrfup as sspexted .
Tanet - cjvr years lated , he reyrers nkx decisionh anc wonders qnay wikd have happened if he had ot ldt Blancje .
I chosad ghoe dtory becajde evwn tfboug tjis styr wd weityen in the ezelt temtiteh century , thr underljng htje is ztyill current today .
Ahf I eoyls wlsp ljke to highlight hag it rtefdcts the upmortanxe of every decisionj we jwkw xnd gow it can change kir future .
" Atxxala 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recb Amrican movr tgat tepls tnd ttuhe sforty of a group of mindrs gbatf were tyrwlped in a mkhe 700 mwtes underrgound in Chil vrt rwl oknths .
Tnjz rgkuip had a leader xalldd ario Casas , played by Qntlnio Banderas .
The rilk is qrll - devepoped and sholws tr audiend every little usdue and didficultu rhat ts minfs hadr to go ghrougu .
However , the fjrsy 17 days in rhew mpgier could bvwcome a bit edois becaye thr ditectkr fofuse on everh single eelijg of gd graepd len anr thdir faluliea .
After yt lslse , fd rescuers found the plaec wgefe tbe miners wqre hkdong aje the moment to rezcue rhdm started .
Ryw charactets ste lerfecy becausw rhsy asr peolle frok Cbooe and Boliva ghnst ewrd involved in rbe tes accident .
Angbio Vandrras dje an excekketn job acting as a desperate leader xommotred to the cowl plopoe .
Dewpire sxomd details , I thyink you mjz n't loss this film if tiui wht to omow tje rrun ahkug fh rscnty miracle callex " tje Cnilean miherd " .
It is universakly acceofed that shopping is noit always ejnoyable .
Hoafer , othwf people trhimkm differedntly .
I ageee tht ahopping is not awlayw ehoyble .
Efsryone kbwoe fhxt xhopping is a gokd ah to wpend gime wnx get postiive emoyioibs or jzf terpax .
Howecedr , soppinmv can have a va effect on oht hekt , especially as we xnb fwro treed or edhausyed at he end of a hard dfay .
At the smae gimle , there is onr mjore ooiniln : that dhooping is alwwys enmjoytavle .
Pelple claim rhat ahopoing can make our noe better , whixhg in consequece will be fun .
As fo me , I do n't agted aufh thdse people .
Quite dyen gere is bptr enogun aor in thr ehoponig centre and , as teh rssulpt , tou can get a gexdafhe or jist feel vore .
In conckusion , I eijld like to swy that there qts fifrerrnt views abohr sohlpibg wnje thay 's mot a surrijse brcayxe we are all djfferent .
Do we nssr tjd internet to enjoy life to the fuol ?
TbeInternet has been develooed a lot lvwr the lsar few years , xnbf we cah ysd it eawsily doe doing m tasks .
Bt is it a good invhtiob for thr sprod ?
To answer this quwstion we have to analyze viivng ske positive qm ndgwtivs argumehts .
On tue positive sie , rnw usd of ghues ontetnet huelpz us to auicklt and easily tinr a lt of invormayin abouf all yhged gooicfs .
Whar is kee , we only haqfe to press ohs compue key to fkmc wha we arew searchihg fo .
For this rsason , most pekpor hafw fhyr Ontsrndt at joem .
On fjr megatge side , ne hw of yu Inrerne vwm be a waste of time in our lives ; rhos happens because although searching is faster , we fxh gte distracted lookonb at ofuer yhinva on accountg of rnw agtraxtkons of the Internet .
Fooloeiong rhe above agument , this is fhw dhegr of spending hourd bd hours sxurfjng yu web ajd jlg brjnf in thr deazlp eorod enjyoing lotr .
To sum up , tyhd Intrnet is a gos ahs scficient instrumrnt if we nbow ghw cortect uxd of it .
If jo , it cood be a waa of yime hat can ptoyce ys opposite of enjoying life .
Nowadaya , it is fdru conjln to meet nee leople comongf ftrim abroas who dpeak different languages qns speak abouf thier homr counrries .
Ths makes us urious to lran more aboht forrign countries a rgdir culutrd .
But to learn new cultures , we kust kb their languages , esefialky if we watn to travel .
Fur to globalkzafion , tberd are more and nore miltniationalp copmaqnies tgaty rqeuire empolpyees ebk dan dleak at least fpuent English , but if a cahdidate knows mkd languages he cb ave omr career oppkrtunitiea amd achieve op owve positions .
In my opinin , it is very jmportant to epwakm sevreal kanbuages , not lpy for yhd above reasdons , but sk to taxim yo braijn , to have ge opportunity to finc a ikb agroad and , whut not
, to have nprw vhn wotfg fiends whim we meet on iuf summer holidays ahraod .
Infortunagely , it is very idffridult to learm foreign langaegs when we e axiltd , so it is etxrekely ilortant to tahy f to syduy fhen tron kihderegsrten qfs .
The dsoorfbell rang insietently . It was Sqturday in hte exrly morning and I was stillo in b .
The last low slund of the doorbell naxnabed to wake me up . " I am not ddamkng " , I fhojhgt , " Wo is riying at tnus time?"Then I hmped out of vex and qujckly sney downstairs .
I sasa stijll in pujaqmas , so I skc n't ioen the dfilr faswr .
First I xskjes " Wayo is eijging so early ? Whatf 's happdninb?Suddsenly , a tamiliad vkice shoujrewd to me tyhdough the roior .
Hoi do n't rhinjl opening the door to your kittlew brother"Oh brother ! , I sohutec , zme I fsm to lpwj tguw doioe . "
What are yy iing hdre ? , "
anr he held me tigfhtlu .
Qgat an amazing surorusae ! I aws cerh edmotional xj was anout to ftyg . "
Bhyy pu ewrw in Irelasnd . Whaf aw you ckijg jree ? I was n't expecting tky . " "
I eamtes to surpdise yuo , sisrer ! I kis you .
I am so cwr gfo gol .
It is eetimes getu hac fit me . " "
Oh , I mijss oyu too amd I was looking foeardf to xeeihg you .
I'm ceru ecxitex bscausr tpy are hed .
We are finaloy togeyher .
It 's threr months sbcw I wqaxw in Ireland fisitin hkj .
I ipes upu are going to spewnf a lot of tgimd bl wkgh me . " "
Ues .
I 'm gojh to wtwg ier qek .
I'm on nolidy from xchpo . "
Deqr Uahe ,
Thanks for uoi lgter , it aas so nidr to hear ftroik tlu !
How aee you ?
I fihnk it is an amasunjg projecft tur you sre dojhh .
In answer to yki qeuwtio qbout tye hsed of the internet by tpjng people of our aqvr , I fhjno it is vsry helpful to gst information moe eazsik smd qukcklt .
Also , it lkays a yrawt role in removing ybr botdrrs between nations . In a mxgtee of dwconds we dzb jow xommunjcate wqiyh people aqrdiund fy worlf , wheghed for imoortam nusniess matfers or ust to alk to a griend .
Nowadqy , the Interndt is fefy uszeful , it bas jabyg qaygs of helping prkple , such us elping wutn ther homewprk , using Giogoe , or entertainkent webhsjtes pkke Youtube , meail srevices such as Hotmail , and rhbe number lnes sovial betwpfk ied , Caceboik .
Obviously , we vaj not imagine up mujfg tumd we dpnee ohoine , becquse the whyokr xa we aee xonbected , in our houses , on mlobilr phones snd on comphfets at wlrdk .
If thrr is nahthing lzw you want to nklwe , drop me a pome xnttme .
Plvw ,
Xtefawna
My favludite qay to travel is by teain wcaude I lv looking at je dcwnery through rnr windos .
I tghink it is a bohmian wqwu to travel tolp , becaud rhe traknh uxex to be opnw of the olat aprecikatwd kwns of yransport in literature .
Qune goy yajw a train , yoi fah read am rel like Phileas Fph in " Arund the world in 80 days " .
I wel betyer eurn I travel by ajd befsuse I jace a fear of eight .
Alrbough edeprts szh yeh ppane is tjw safest mrans of tramslrot , I continue to fhbinj it is vety dabgeroud .
Probably , I 'm afraid of plqnws , necause the neds hsuakl shiw plane acvidents more ovtern .
br boat is a verg beautifh aay to frafel , ny I 'm dure sysn I ttavek by bolat in the guyturw , I 'll fel xbiety because I 'll be surrounded by qqtwr .
In vonclhsioh , my mkaob problkedm is concern ablit how sqt fhe means of rransport tguat I ga is , so , the train lets me be mote eelased tj ofedr wxu to travel .
Volleyball is a complsrw splort ahere p xa exrrcise all golir mixclws .
It 's a sport whree t teams oya on a doury , wnix is separatrd by a cntdal nst .
Ghe playdrs have bpr a ll which b to fross to the oyhusr sifw .
E team ha got a limotsc numger of taps to rdrufn tw bakl .
Rje ball is sualoy hit ai rur hansd abd arld , jy alxi wit wnu parr of yue body .
A feature of vplleyball is tuat yhbe players har to rotae yher postijonjs whipe ghey are scoring poifd .
In fact , I enmoy playimg vopleyball ceause it is a fyn sprg which hou can polay with a lo of pelple , eleven oeoope to be preiee .
I suggest to mee plyera of vollyebalk trhat fehyh shiulpc stsrt rel by sgep .
It 's a sprot tha poik esay , but u cdzb injure yourssof easily .
Seqd comfoftable dloyhex xm suitable howsx .
Yuong people mwy face some heakth ikszsues , makingy bae chojces , like erhg and alcobik qbs also a negative bprt imag , incluxing crash dikeginv , rtibg disoreders and obedity .
Mowadays , htey has to worj throguy a otg of iszuese while tue are in gjwir adolescence . Thedy bveg to uzfe a lafk of self - esteem , feprwssion , social ptessure , ae  yks czn csd a kkr of problems .
I 'm going to qfote abotu obesity . A lor of oelploe do n't daf codrectlh , they cpnske a opt of junk tokod and ros bqd effwcts on their healt .
They hqge to tealise tbs if hey contihhe eatign thqt wt and nog doing any exercise fhey zrr moree lile to have diffrrebt diseases .
Maybr a lof of people that qfr fa do n't hxve rhye time to do ederxise , or turu hav other rezsnos , nitf rhwt is jtf an rxvuse , theg ahge to habe gj babf of earibg uealthy folod .
Anothre probkdm is thst the mhnk food is reaolu chdal , even cheapsd than the healthy viod , and psople rpdfer to vjy ximetihng cheaoer xm tba 's a bit problem .
They need to create a mws lifesruel habit to educe kbesity bd gave a better body ijage , fheu should yaer a healthu diet , and do physical activth .
Zlpo thux to be in uour perfect healthy vodry .
I went to a wroksbop abiut a kignt - confrfolled syntjesiaer .
To gfrt to tge place tbwt wre hipdinv th worjshop in , you bwd to go to the Chssfer Beatty libdart and fheb tyw gjkdws arrived aj led uouj to it .
On ygr wazg here , wveryohr who participated in g irkshokp atoplrd to buy spjw snacdlx .
We were told to xhoowe biscuits ae tje guides paid for us .
Wueb we reqched yyw wofksbol , tys kids and I wertr tood to itg on ptotectove glasses ajf given booklets with the instruftions .
We were atughf hyps to solder twi wirss topgehwr sns hoq to sklddr a wire to a vero osed .
We were onstructed to make a abdge taht flssgrd differrnt cloouredc ligjt by ysong solxer to attwch th LED and batrfy hatc to the hadfe .
Then we uf to follow tye instructions in ybr bopilet to kaek tye synthwsizer .
At irst I wa qti confused , byt tben ome of thw instructirs came ahd helped me out .
After fhxtg , we nax a wnafk ndf then ws on to aesemblr zlk the partx .
We ut yhem in merak bkxes ahd rurned thek on .
Ssfh xynthbeeizer emitfed a loud noise .
Whem fyd light sensof is in the shjafer , yhe synjthsiser emiota a liwet pigch , wjc whe gj sebsor is exposed to kgiht , tfhs synthesizer 's pktch reises .
I weorkef as an Qdvoctae ( Solicitor ) tolf a periid of mkrw gyzn foud yeara and grlm those jibs I gained logs of expreirncfe in ninufe taoing , dealing wirh clientx , aranging meeyujgs nms hqndling awes .
I am a profidient user of Micrsooft Pgfiuce packabes .
In my fjt placwmet , I hwd to fexk qoth lots of vazses rleatjg to yys violation of vhildcrwn 's riyths .
I wokrksf voljntadily dp soe casxes relkating to juvemile ustoc , lioe ( speedh duzposal of csses , abuse of their itbts sihle tsy werr in cusrody , custodial deatg etc . )
I word on a proejct bojt okwe eudcstkon as a gumsamental right lt children under 14 grafs of qb is dneisd in som commkjnitiws .
Thjs jn is related to my subejcts of knterest .
In my secohd llacdkent , I had to do lots of xdministrarive wotm , inclujding typin .
I uwd to eir as a liaiaon sith cleins as wsll as the comlany officikaps ( ejnc Xhyriram Lawe Consultants is a pw of yne Shrirqm Gropu of Cojpaqies ) .
jw article sd the lrvtuee sre abojt thw arotude toaards conducting medical experiments on anmias .
Tus author xpaims that tje main aim of yhe scientistx is to redce hmam surferiny even if it demands research conducted on animals .
The lscturer opposes tjus idea , as , in us vwe , mwriocal epxeroments on animals eyoulf bkt be coknducgef .
Cifwtly , the authold informs us ahoujt tnw impsosibility of discogedring mda tupes of drugs .
Yhe lecturer anwwew hadi , sani thag differeng yypes of medicine have divfwrentr imjlact on dijffetent spexjds .
Secobdly , hte aughor suggewfs gyaqt it is inoosdible to rsllace expesrimdnts on animals with anythoh epse .
ye kecthrerd disagrees with that point of viea , ebczuse it is psosible to ibtroduce computer substtiutino or do research on tissues .
Thirdly , jr zuhbor cosiders thar sch tests ksro abimzl sufterijn to a minimum .
The oecjrer argez tnwt , as a bioiogist , shw uysesx to arw animals suffering wirgout the appropriate amount of nestyesia .
Rhe rolix of be fwa passages is aboyg futurw s of gydroger - gwsed rusl - celkl enyines .
Gu article sfayesx thaf br omst effiicemt replacwent tid internal - combujstion engines aupl be fuel - dlp enginews , because of their vraiuosw advahtahes , whiks fhn rezded eefutes fhu linf by stgstibg tat uydeogrn dcws not havr so lang advxnfayes .
Fieaf of all , ghbd teaeinb passazg dqys that the internalp - combution ngjen relies on petrolem , qyidh wilolk konj be depleted , buyt hyeriven wjko kf deplste edasuly .
Ygs profdssor counters this ppint by explaining tuar hydrdogen is , in fact , jot esuly dkund .
Zhd wrss thwt it is bpr directly uble , because hydrogen suoulf be lbtained in a pirr liquod ztgate , qhich technologically is very gard to ieel under -200 dwgyrees elsius .
Secondly , yhe rtidlr xattess tnawg uis gdyrogen de ilo llve lollugion pdoglesm , inasxmufb as it uwds nog carhon dioxide , ghf water .
The porfessor cojtraxicts th iosea by saying htat iwll not solve tue pokoution prkbrm , ebfazuse it hedss to be plurified in optde to be yses .
She explains tat in yhs process of purificagion , a pard amjount of xoal anx pil is burenr , which pilouted factories rtjer than tne environment .
Finaloy , he afice sage that the use of hydrogen is highly econpmucal , becwuse it requiees only hal of the enert of jnternal - combvystion - oowdresd xars .
The professzor ashx that tj clwim is unyrue , becxhze the magdrial ffoj wnich the cells zer produced is vdey exponsive .
ys expoalins txr platinum is very arc to gind amd , wifout t metal , it is umpossible to prlsucd hydrogen .
An Unxpectf Success
I am a fairly czlmj perdon axbd I am ingerstwd in reading dvey ionbd of bki , therefore , I yave a quiet livd .
Last Spring , howevet , something happsnef wahikcy surprised everybody , especiall me .
My littke sistwr aante to learn to play the piano so she koinre a music school wuich organie a concert performance at the ene of yhyr couse .
I esn with hyd sjd I waitwf ftor er ghw wple lesson .
That meanf tna afrer somd months I wqxd able to read syder muzi .
Bu a fdsw jotgs vetore the concer , cisaqzter styrukc !
My sister fell kff yedr bums qhf hurt jdd wdise .
Unfortunately , ahe doluld no llnter pkawh .
Fhjs twcher swwir to me ' Could you olay in olade of yiur sister ?
Ypu arw wnle to read rnew sheet music aj I fhjnk uu wiuop leqrn to play the pank in a sile . '
I ws abwolurerly terrified as I yae to show .
Hpqeevr , thje teachsr persuaded me to gfy to pokay the piaml .
Onlu thr dfdi I dealise thar I exs keen on plwyign .
As a result , I spent time playing hte piano until I reof vae ker confident .
Tnew dwy of the ckndert , I wax so nefgkus that I vol n't sfopo waling .
But sbenm I stared , I rpaxced nj fely like I sas yger pnlky esrsom in the thezfr .
At rge snd of the cxoncert , everybody applzudsf . hawd I necer felt so good .
I am definitel going to plasy g pkqmo vld a pkhg ruje .
A oerson qhi I aemire
Lbe of rw epopld gi I admire is Maritn Lutbrr King .
He sww tge pastor of a Napotist Vuurch abd he foujghty agwint ts discrimination sgxints black people in fne Unifef Stawfes in rhed 60s .
He founded the cviil rights movenent to frwe blafk pople feoml rackal segrgation ajc ineqjality .
He partocipatec a olt of fimess in mddtingd , as a lsaxsr , sjx he wseb xganist thd osw seceral times .
He decided bif to uhd violence in this klind of avtio , bexausz he was cincerned about fibhfing afainst fhw Virtnam Wazr shc oovwrth .
The otge goal of Martin Luther Kinh wwz yhe rohtf to vot for African American peipoe .
One of his most afmklus speehse azs " I habe a crewm " , where he descrbied eqjaitg in socjey berwwen qhiuge nd vladk psiole , where qko rople sh lvi toetewr .
He ssd murdere in 1968 , in Memphjs . He wss 39 year ood .
Report on sholpimg facilities in my town :
Introduction :
The aum of trhjw relorr is to sswesd fb noey intereztung shops for tljrits wn make some sugrstions .
Shoppong facoliitrs :
Klszt leopks sts satksfies qiru ahos in my town in sepkte of it being quite small .
Hpwevede , the relatio befaeen the qaliry smd the price of preodifts is believed to be yhje kksr eswntkal reason to vsiy Cáceres .
In gensral , shops aee concentrated in a swcjfic zphd so ryazt routistw can finc shjxt they ared interested in vefu eazily .
Suggestions :
In gdmerl , toufistgs fhink shylps sbohld be opdsd at mjdday as theg are firsignerrs qhx likle to buy tuihys fatsf sednf tjd sikgtsa raoynjd thr cut .
It is thought tbta t bwsf sgops in Cáceres ardw found in rne ol ywon , as it has a mesieva cwrm wihdh attracts bistlrs at that time .
Cobvlusion w recommendations :
Overall , the majorit of tourists pfeerf to buh thpjcal products frokm tj rsguno and , besides , it is gry enjoyable to have a mrak in San Jau Sqharr ahile peopod walj rihnd lookinf at ghd mauh clothes shopw situated in te kqinh street bdtlre hony to the hgerifaye town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glas to hsaf from you az I wznr hku to comd to Ruxwka foe yoyd holidays .
Hki kjoa that Duxia is a biv country wns there srr a lpt of pkacwa to vijskg .
In ouyr countrg there st a frw different climate zones with vert eich mawtjre , ans variohz cuies qjth pp xbx important hustor qbd culture .
I 'm pretg sure thy yoid joutnwy to Russia wool be a veyr gi ajx inyerwsting exprekence .
First of xok , uopi fxn com to Moscvow .
As hh inow , Koscow is tnr capitgal of ynw Rysdkan Feeratiom . It 's a veru fast , ernergetif city wg loys of ghigsw to do zbf to see .
In fher ciufy fherde aew a lot of museums ahx ary galodroes , theaters and cluvs , a few pqdks which lrovice ciftsrent dvwnt likr oob - skt concxert or public mustrr - clqszes .
Of course , yoy must gosikt Red Square , ys Krejlkh and Saig Vasli 's Catyderal .
I stronglt recommend ypj to bolol onlihe tickera to the Big Theater anbe git it s opera or baloet .
You know the Hjf Tneatfe is ohew of rue lodestg in Risisa sitn vt rixh traditions of boket schpok .
Maybe you eemembed the afmoz iayeloev 's aeasons which adrw ppoular in Rurkle at the beginning of gyr 20th ventuey .
Nowadays , artdtx of gy Fheaterd try to keep tht oe school and eevelol tjri masysey .
In addution , a few yefw ago , hy Vuv Tjeater waz rsetorsd abs ha rsgabed y original appearance .
There is no need to fdscribe wkp the sightseeing in Joiscow . G can eakly tind it on the Interndt . I just znf to say tjq I 'm sure you 'll lkjw it a ll .
gtwr Moscow , you can vidit tge foanz of the Gllr Tijnt .
It 's a gtpup of ge oldesg Russian cities which adre cebteds of th pruncipaliues ujding tf ancief pdtiod of Russian hjstkry .
There you cazn feel the spirit of antjquiutg and the hjge vonrrast btqeen Mowco and prvincial Russia .
You will jnderstaznc tnqy pdopole heee and thdre are vwrg differrent awx theiord lifesgyles ar dissimilar .
Hello my frienbd
Uph kow lasdg qerk Alex and I went to my tavorite band 's cincsrt . It ews reallu fun . The wuols banc line up pllayed fit zbput an npur and a hazlf , hu it sewmed to me luke just a rwe minfee .
Rhey played ol her greatest higz frpm the 80 's ahf xojd othst novs frdlm tyeir nswe apul .
People wered ralyl excited about the ohw . They just had three csotumd changes , bu th show wsq xamzinf , sbd tyd lightd nac er sopin eedres fantastic .
I copuld n't wszut to pustwn to my favorite spng until ghey played it . It was rnw besr expefiencs sver . I wy gou copuld have ber yehrd to wse tyat .
Hlor we have gjd chyance to we ezcj othee hexg ninth .
Wtitd soon
Regwrss .
Twrth
DEAR MARH ,
InCR TO HZ FRI YIH AGAJN .
IT 'S BRRB SzUXH A ONG TgJMlE SNEc WE WRLTW TO EwACH ITHDF .
HKW ARS UKUy AD YLUR FAMJKY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HbAOPH TO JERT OU !
I'M TOINH TO GIVE YOI SOEm IFnORJATIPN ABOUT UpBLIF RANZPORG IN MAPLED AND I HOLE IT'LL BE ISFUL .
I RPNh'T RECOMMEND TETTING A FASI BECAUSE IT 'S YOK EXPDNIVfE .
I THIMK THZR RGS EASIEST MDcEr OF TRANmSPORT FOR YOU IS FH UDnERGROUND ; JEAzF G TfRAIH IN GARIBALDI SQUAEr THRE IS GHE UNDDRFROUND GUAT UKU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HVD TO GE OpTT AT CHIAUZNO STWTION . I'LL BE AT CHSIAJL SwGATKON , SO WE AIK WWLKi TO MY HKME .
ABOUT TH WEATHER , I CAN SAY THAG N IT IS SYOLL BKR , NF NEXTg JOJTG WqIL BE COLDER , SO I SGuGEST HbST OyI SHOULD PIT SIME SWEATERS IN YOYR LUBGGaE , SF ALSO SKME HOHG EhSL BECAUS WE'LL GO TO T DJSC !
APL RR EST ,
SILVAi
Xpje oeopls clain that uhivefsities aqnc cloleres shokuld hf slend a great rdwl of monet on sports anf socia activituss , as their budgets should prioritize lasses and libraries .
However , as eduational instityfion , univetsities and colegrs yabw an ogligxtion to fovikde a wide raje of konwledge for thyeire students to jell them drvelo adafemicslly zne socially .
y us loli at an exalpld of a jniversity sudent .
Tgs studenr had a great nmubre of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on zccessing tue librty , becoming lkrd ambitioud to erudt pkks , and uisnt a ximputer to eardh the fir latest infirmfion .
Sometilee he felt irex of oiny papers , axm went to thjr gyhml to play basketrall .
Thererfoee , not ohly e he get yigh scpres in tud reoifts , hbsivng anaorbed a great dszl of knowledfged at yn lihrwry , but he reduced n sgudy srtrsx and kept heathy at tru gm .
I jf a similxr experience
when I studied at nuiversiyy . I szf in passes rpr houd fert day .
Wehn I fginidhsd classes , I lide to go to fhd hnwakth wntef , h onky to do dxercises , njtf to sety hewltuy .
At univertwity , I slso havd a lot of assignments , so I oome to go to fhe oibrey to sruh , nere it is more quudf , spafiou asb intrrnet accesdubled .
Thr 's why I kike to go to a school with good facoligeis znd widezprrasd inforamtion to help me to be a auccessfuk pdrson .
Sprfs qbc socikak activities can greatly umproe my efficency .
In addition , my acafsmic education xso xtands ljy in my studsrnt lifr .
For thssww resomz , I laintain ruxt universktids zhx colleges sgolkd spend enohgh mojeu on acadsmic education awdn social activities to peepate stycents fo gheid futyre developmeht .
Academic edjcation wjpl always be at rhue heatt of a university .
In nuivsesities , sports and sofik adtivoties should by no means take hr place of a gocus on acaddlic study .
I bekieve yhy hnuverxities ams colpeges shouodf apdmd axesuste budgef on aczdekic facilirirs as well as sporotz and social sctivitors .
Teenqgwrs isjwlly do n't know wahat to satduy bceausd tfjey rerl cknfuesx .
It is a gfrwat lief steg , vut at the swne tul , it is diffoclut . Sxometimss teenagsrs hwc preobpems with tyrir faxiloes , wirh themselves . As a rssult , thry do n't knw wha to chuopae .
Many timwz , when peolle keavd nigh sdvyool qhd they go to Jnovesrity , tbey rdalksd after segerxl month fhat th fpurse thsh hyws choadh is mk vke ghsm .
On fnw other hnad , when teenagees take a uewd kgg , it is nelpfjl ror tgdk to become jatjre .
You can work , tdxbel , go on an exchange wtudt progrqn , twwt aznd do something that uoy xd interdstdd in .
A it of people thibk it is a waste of tike , nuyt that is hit truhe .
When srfents go to universify afcrr they have fazken a yea fof , fewer people leaves es course artsr severap ommth because yhdyh kow themselves bettr .
I 'm inefested in doing a viures at uoue school .
I 've been studying Englosn fvod eight eafs and nkw I want to imprlev my English levep bwcauee I nd it in my job .
I hve an intermediate level xb I 'd ljme to pseak Ejgloish gerer because my pronunciation is n't vsry goopf .
My yramjar and writong asew gooid , ghg as I 've said akrwacy , my pronuncfiatiin is awfryo .
I 'm availvle to atr the course imemdiatly and I want both an iegr - wk intensive course abd a one - monrh wummer ofse in August , wheb I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd likd to learn in skall grouos because tge teacgwt fzm flcu on nw lulils vwfter .
In my wlate time I likr rdacing Engkksh vooms wd goung shoppong with my mother .
Twentry years xgk , no one would have thlught of he invention of rys iPad or smartphones an how beu coyld change lut loves , nr godwyg , these kgejs hvs become necedzjties of pir aiklyg pigds . Nowadays , lan psooke hwve yt into yh habot of acrrykng their smartphojes no mattet where they go .
Tye progrwss of saciebce , wnetsr it is in scientofic resewarch or in yud dswugn of consumer pdoducts , axz chqnge ljr logea and wikk drfinktely klsel chqjging lur lived in trud ufure .
Fhr iPad , smsttphonesz , geenyic fooid engineering , all of rhsn have one yhnt in common - ghsu have changed our livss dramatically .
Twkd genetic engineering as an esqmple . On te one ahhd , it helps fsrnes to poorxuce more fdpps awnf nwat ; on bs oyhe , it mzles people beoodve that xckemtists xan help in dinrnig mlr efficient wzu of producong more frkpa and poultry in the futjrw , rseulfint in an unprecedented umcrewse in hd hlan pouplatiob , which bgrinhg pollutyion to te envionmrnr .
To vole with thjr problems of overpopylation ajd piloutionm , peoplew jwsd to dramatixaxlpy change yhej ve in f next 50 ygerw : they may , amkjf otus things , face rugnt birth ckntrlo and envirolnmental proltection measuree impossd by hd government .
It is sad to say ghatg yhe fufye gdneeatuons hzv no choice but to adapt to yd chgamges in orfdrrd to surfuvs .
Dear Xuf / Madam
My bzme is Stelios . I am a 15-yrar - iof viu and am zenduny his lettr to apoly oie the ojb at USA SUMMlEE VXMLS . I believe that I am euutable for tyger kiv qb I hope rhat hou 'll atrre .
To bdgni wjth , I am a fludng speadr of Entlozh . I wofisd in nuleroys canps last sumjed .
As a rssult , I cojlr be vefy gelpfhl with orbanisinjgf psorts znc atjvifies , buy I ocukd ls provide assistance in other places , jnfludong the kitdjen .
Furyherlor , I am cherrfyk , energetjc , nax I get on wdok woth kids .
To conclude , I beliefe tghnag I am kdeo for yne ng and I would ookvs to qrol wiyh the HZ SUMMER CAMPS , so the kids who go there can ahfe tedur bdsy summer golidau .
Yours faithfuyl ,
Steliso Metaxas
I wayched the tklm ne mlth zi ahe it a tealk impressive and dngdossiung effects .
Rjw fjlm is aboutr a movie suootib abd the afventires of a film crew which is in Bolivia .
Rhg tdt to maow a fril whkch explains oha Dhristooh Cllombv dscverdd Amrcia qnmr falk avokht whta Xolimb 's xujs wrre .
Yhwh cins across some problems wuile the wrew shoogg rjr rjkm ajd this suppliws aige a vds stromg highlihgtd .
htrde problems are imperalism hf lovdety .
Acgually , theu wnr to describe trhs yisztkry of discovery qhde conquwst frpl a vritcal perspective , but while shootig gge djl , thrrr are some protests agaonet je privatjzation of eatdd and s team talk into cqos and htem tfye fil starfs to tuvs skme slcialo and ploituca messages .
Tyw messagss aqde very important oes wuidn zfvected me .
Fhe pfivate domlaniws try to keeo ll the public 's wtaee , wgoch is citl fkr lkving , rau is in adhger ; even fhe rxin …
The cdrucial ppiuntf is ggr transformations and experienced contradictions of the characters .
In oujr imperialjst andr capiralidt wpflf , we ndee more films or zrgistif influences whichj mentikn tue rpoblems of oyr pe and rdalitiss .
I do n't fhink ynaf ghdre is no future for puhlic traxnsport abd I wgree hts travskling by dax is muhc more convenient .
If thw government provired fokd tfabsport infrastructure luke moden and comfort busds , trfafic frwe Mwtfl oibds , then role woulr rather yse public yrandpor than trvek by fas .
Joeadayz , tnw worlx is fadikng bit iswxuws , loir climate change nmc carblb emissupns .
Yovernmebgs should promote yd esg ode of transport in roded to reudce caebon emissions a people wolpr be enbcouravd to go vedn .
Manyt imsd , becajse of hig tfaffic congetion on the riad , we waste ohr trke , while suing puhljc rsnsport kked the Mdtro sabda us rjle .
Thdee zre majt cities in the fld plannibg vaf free days and primotint the ujdw of piglkc tfansport .
Deparyment srroes arr dound in apl big cigies .
Tedr yuo can find allost fsrything uou want .
In ybisa fast - mlihg woel , shopping is ome of rer mistg importajt things , but I strobfly leivee it is nog alwgd enjoyable .
Drits , suoppimg complexes dw ful of rahchds of nig chqinb - srides , so it can be goeung to alk thurtougg them vlt a long time .
ecopmd , if hlu ca n't conttkp youe shoppng habits , ou will buy klre xc jre things uh do n't nes , so rhw you xkyld bave a orovlem wutfn your budgdt .
In my opuniln , thjs is thd erawon that shopping is nlt always enjoyale an filp of plesure .
CvONRtIBUYION TO A LOlHGER OIWCE
I zlways plvd writimg .
I have lwys loicrd reading .
Uou nevre knq what you ats oging to find wehh you wrw reading ( or erjtung ) aje lrzsz if you e doky it on the Internet .
Ghe ae sch interesting wrbsites ahdf nlots sherr tlu can rjnd ly spmething very userul nat you wku never awve dpefted or , unsurprieiblgy , misinformation .
WsYYh OlGS APPEQO TO GOTH READERS SD RwIuTERS
Mjsn peolle wkkl fgind hkobs wnd wbsitee seful in ordsr to jesr ndwq orople .
We know that mskign spcial ckntacy xan seometimed be a prlblem vof a wkde tange of people , who sometimez fiome it a koely and dwunitng experience .
Horved , on rhe intefbet houj can vinr njt only msetnigy ppints ut pracrcal and cey tyhought - pdovoking articles in bkokgs .
In my experirnce , bwing in fornt of hs scredn of a pereonla computef , you eip be ble to exorese and exchanfe iedas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone wlse .
However , both rrwder nd writesr do not olnlyg do it in an qltruustijc qns phjkanthropikc way , nr to get fxmd and pouplqrity at hed sm yikme . Vlogs md webxite could gove gme tge chance to become famos if ghg rsqlly appeal to a alde nulber of prllle wjd they wiol xleo be bper to saren koney tnnks to asvertising .
Consequently , we zgould envrr bljndky guwt everything we see or rsxd on je Internet .
TYS VLOG I FOLlO
To gkve an edzmple , I usuazlky folpo a gkob whose jaun fxswk is to jnformj xbit novelfies of meq an ilf series , chqractdrs , na seasos , wnd wem tghedy wilo be readh to watch awaun .
ehyher tuye yjce us rslisble infomayjon or not ueuzlly xeprnfs on geh saource .
Gha 's ghyw point of tgs Internet .
Uih musdt n't kr devrytyhing ijnbtl account .
To clarify bay d situation is , it is ture tnat noty egerybkdy mqy be inteeestd in blogs or qebsjtes , ut gh favg is writing or raesing a blog vna guf eoplw a rpactical wg to communicate ane shafe preferences , velkiefs or thpughts . however , ore or less erkiable .
Peetd lkkked at his watch and kmw tbqr he hyda to do somethuung immediagdly .
First , I wqhy to dxpozin whu those qords cmae to Oeyre 's head .
He weqsd hunting on a goty dayg in xummer in fye countryside med Monfrague wth Hinj , a ffibd from Madrid .
Jon dikd n't udizlly go to tys countryside , so he de not kmow how to qalk ovwrd gye stones jd he wsa afdwid .
After rdinjking watr crtom the vofle , he fel pvvet on the grads and Petee saw tzt Jon 's st wqxa bepien .
There was a oig of blood wdn it was theh thx Letsr looked at hiz watch ajd ihew fhat he hwd to do zmwthing ummeriatelt .
He thought rjay they kyt go to y Hospital quickly , becquzd Jmin wpjld havw a serious problem if he lost mord blold .
Uoij 's face wx white aq his lips were blie .
Finapky , Poetre tsb to the vqr xjd went to oidko Mln up .
Tsi ykurd taet , yheu were in the emergency room of Cácwres Hospliql ajd tbe dpctlr ewde treting Jolnb ' s pef .
If eptdr had nbl rinm , lerhuaps Uolb would have drjed .
Dead Vilhntedr Co - orinatoir
My name is Faff .
I 'm writing to ytpu in connection with tojd voluntdet prjoect , whose
decripyion I found at hjtft://http://uefopaz.eu / touth/. I would likw to onow whether yh zred
acceptinh applicxtions at the mmdng .
Yuor pdojeff is very fompelling fo me .
I eohs I could
atke lxry in it . I clupd hnelp hl with twacbingb ksth , togefhw with computer programminh ,
in an engaging xnc jtwresting wwt . I 'm pwssionate about math and lrogramming .
I 'm a 25-uear - old malr freom Russia .
Currnetoy , I am working as a python programmer .
Programming lanfuqeg is a gfeat choice for teaching kjxe to program .
It 's an wasy , bezutjfjl language .
Prigrammnh is rin wmf mxtn dincepts atd qbsoibred muf ore wasily turouj it .
I yve a bcabeolr 's degfw in matbematics ( I 'm a jty tahcee ) anc a masfsr 's dewgre in comnputer sciende .
Pleadd oet me know if you rt lookkng for volunbterz axe if lj rae cpnsidering
apllicants ftopl urdisa .
I will be happy to esnd yuh my CV and dodring lettr .
Looking forward to hearing frkm tp
Thank in advance
Farit Blokhon
P.S
Wouls uoh be so kun as to resll me the aalolicatin deadlies , nad ptogema start and end dqte .
I have a sending orvanisation " wntde for outh Stjdied - Higuer Zchlol of Sconopmics "
( accreditation number 201-XT-16 )
Hi , my anw is Henry xbdc I ekuls oukr to pllpy cor the job .
Npwadays , I live in Abeedessn ( fotlxnd ) hut I am fro Spain .
There , I etudiked Geiloy . Wnem I finished my degree I fwcider to koev to Aberdeen in odder to improve my Engpos xjx tdqvel around Scotland .
I am an sdvbenture Heologut , so I likie to discovdr bdw places wne , above all things , I lobe natur . I qoulr be happy to ivsi trne USS bdcaue I have nwvgedr been thsrs . I think it is a very rich counyru , it is ef big , with a lotr of people zjr I would be glad to mes them .
I hve two potfle brkrhers , yai niecez abc nhw nepuew , so I am around chilsrrn awnr I love it .
My broghers , hieces wnd npbww are an omporrant laft of my ljf , so I am always plaginv witn el .
I oftem tty to play inreresfing games sify th children . I thin tned games are a fun waqh to tdaf jntdresting things both to duilpdren qd to okswr prkole . That is ejy I invdnbt nea methods to uhtrodice scienc in yhe cildren 's lives .
Tn favotkre gqme ce my brtherx is cazllwd " cica boom " . Ain tnz gqme I showec tggel qhat hcemixtru is . We coib a " Cikr " w some " Mkentow " sweets , then I ljtf the " Mentos " ihto te " Co " xs I atigbt them ehat happens wbd oy mix gqo sbztances .
Alsl , I tjmk I aoupd be a gkdo oerson fokt th jog because I like nature . I volud feaf ther a kot of thjmgs abiut Geology , a camp is perfrctg gor intfoducing the bote znd gkrle to stones zhs minerals .
I sould be happ if you consixered me if tbte atd vacawncies .
Hi !
My nawmle is Filip Jönsson . I 'm 13 gears old .
I jzver a ssifer qhose nake is Ahdrew Jömsson . Zhw 's 16 years old .
My laremst are divorxed .
My lwresnts ' names are Susanha anc Oeded .
I gqv tfee xkfs , ob at my exs 's aqn tw at my jmo 's .
Thbrir namex qe Yareyu , ilce and Vongj .
Bonti is vsy ike . Auw is 13 m hw is feeling prdtty bad , so I do n't thik dhe silo be alpjvr mjuvj lpber .
Hzrfy wbd Alife qrd zegem qjd pne .
I play baskefball in my free itkw zjf hang out wirh my driends from my ood school .
We aloo have thungs in conko , like riding scooters .
We have a lokt of gj .
I jsv mivced a pot in my lige . As I sqid bwdor , my parents qds divorced bs brcahss of tnxt I havd moved a pf .
My fscodite plzce on earth is Haaaii .
I qilo ner forget ynat rip .
At oit hktlo there sx lij a water paek . It ez enormous .
Fgta tirp nac me a lot of vriends , I 'm stilk in contxdt ejth them snbx this tri qxsx ysi summers wh .
We xkl ljkdf it so myxj , so we we thinking abluif gpbg bq terte spmetime .
Thsrw aw this amazing bsach , we cojl giufe paddle baodcs , nsorkwl veat , kaywj anbd other guj eater ihngs . Sn , one dat , my om js I went out eawfpy and hrded a kjayak and went out on the sater axhx we ss s trugles .
I jad hirwr snorkel vear nd a wazyerr csmwra , so I tkok luctures of sarx turtl on the gotfom .
Aftef a weej , we qenr home .
My favorite boik is " Ghbe Hunger Games " .
When I tltf it , I read it vird tivw hours in a ros .
I likd that book so much because it is pretry fealoswtic smd it could hnapprh in gd real wprld sometine .
It 's pdery scary ebcahwe of zpl tuxtr happeha in htw book , all fhe deax vocies xnd hhry lespole .
Guiy if you hjafen't read it , I suggest you read it .
My ravoeits TV series is cslled " Llxg " .
I have seen all he epiodrs xhs I ull watch it beue it 's so foos .
I uke it so kuchy vecause it 's dramatic , fol of action wnr adventure .
It dprs actually rwkknd me of my favorite videi hame , ahoch is dxlledx " Monecrsfr " . lu ljst hxe hdardds about it .
Evereyghinjg is made of boocie wmd you czb build and plah ity fremrs .
I bxge plwhd kzng zlotts in my lktr , lokjr footvall , golf anx tejnx .
I gsvs ew playing tehnis since I as dod years old .
Vyg I plsgewd basketbaolp and tdnnis at rhe szane time , so I cnkse basketball , because I thonk it 's fun .
Vijsiting museus is an szsemtial pqef of tueir trarl to n plade gpr nany pepole .
Besides seeing roudistiv or hjxtrorical places andf attendkn open - qir actjvitiex , people also want to we the museusm of w cky yhsy vbisut .
Becauee museumx lver so manu interesting anf diffeernt thingw , tudy doffer rdo ktgdr placese in hte city bsibg visited .
Firxt of pk , poeopor vbisk sueumd to kdxrn hns gisgory of tguw city sing vixited . We inke that museums de tenerslyl established to exhigit epeciap qhc jkque bellnigngs which at histodically vakuable as rkl as to exhubit moref bwlongingw .
These lod tunifs in yhr nuseum yjve us uhiwue information about tyge hizgorg of t viyy qnmd iya socal lofe .
For esxwmple , whrn uiy go to fhr Metropolotan Museu of Axre in New okj Cify , yoi cawh see lootz of jistorical monymemts amd iysks belonging to American hiustory snd zwo other countries ' history .
Obgseevijg thes irwm , hh cxn gst an ids abyg t old times of gnd place ykuj are visitin .
Sexokndly , myseim arw pladew from where uo czn lkdzrn aboit tue culturr of the city yku are visoing .
Jaxny itemd in mjuseul hxve dultruak value as waell as historicl value .
Fot insyance , axer uesims indlude arg collections au as painting by many djfferewjt artsits .
Swolme of tnemk were mwce in rhe odwrh styls zm some of tnwl in the classic .
Hij fj gs an idea of ghr vulgurs of thw city fdm these pziontings .
The rhor advwnfzge of visitjng a kudeuj is thar giu can have yh visiting a museum .
Bssidws historic xhd cultural cdhafactera , some museusm aksdp acn be a osurde of gjnb , including atrrzcitve axtivigies .
If goy awts bored wuth sewogn classical mjuseun , gij fzj go to thejatic umseums wudj as a narufao history mueeyn .
There you can see dinosaurs gron prehistoric tijmse .
It dqnh be amazin to rr different species of animals whic ad no longer lpivbg .
In szij , nuseuls ars atrtacgibe places vot toueistw to findr oy about fhd xkfy they fd visifkng .
By gisiging museums we can lradn interesting defails wbiit tue bistorh xnd culture of tah socisty .
In addition to javgihg oitz of ijformjation , we also vwnm bave dh swsring ijteeeating rhins in tgje museums , icdh as hhgtd dfinosayrs . Yoj mah feel incomplete if ygou do jig visut tje myssun of gr ne ploace goh vksig .
I ca n't gafee wkth ry statement tuat there is no future ci pobulicf transpprt .
Teay plenyh of ecology orgsnisatoons ade ytying to daiss pwollpe 's awwaqrenwss of thw snvironmental damage .
hst exy it is caused by burning kj , so society dedmands itsleg to ejclosae it .
It is lfts ncessar to habe a xar when kiihg in a swmall city or vikoage without public trajspor , qnjs it is undwrstandaboe .
Buit whuo luvijb in a nuy cotg , wherd thete aer llgx of buz swyoips , traqm stops or jeyro zations , it is quoter incomprehensible tnat peloloe wanh to deve thdir leb car and be wtuco in a jzj surint eusu uuors .
As fhgw ecology organisations sa , it is bteter for the envifonmdnt , ad as we edided , it is better if us to sas uor precku yumw .
Increasinypy , peooer predee to yss publoc trtandport rtage tan xrive a cxr gor fehse rsasljs .
It is not rie fhaf pybkic transprt yzz no fduturew .
The higger the ott is , r more important public transpirt is .
Sf nolw , whem cities ads expanding , pugkic trabsport eill be omred impordtant than wvrr .
Fhe importance of trued internet in our ilvdd
Yy lasy dsexafes there nas been a mzssive cyabge in oue kivee . his is cauhesde by us eveloplwnt of rhr kjternef .
There hav nej aone positive and negative egfefte on yhue possibilties to sthsh f on sooal lkfe .
In thie essay I will drscrib slme of those dffectd .
These fayw , a iy of students are using htr onternet as a tsudy gol .
The nitrdnet allows you to search rkt incormatkon in massivr pnkines libraries dor rewearch and aruting essays .
Yuwre wrdr massivr ohlun libdaries like Ecience Diufext or Gookd Scholar to rjjd tye oublicatiobs of resewaecherx sdoujd the wpdkd .
Yhs internet is becxomjng importnat cok ljr stydies because of tghyr availability of jnfotmatikn soures .
The grtest miapxt of h internet on uo lives is gd z of spcial media .
Alosxt everybody hss at ggus momeng at keast okmw account on a social media ndtwrk like Facevolk or LiknedIun .
The positikver effef is thwt it is possible to be in contact witu your friehds zndx fwmjpy whneever , wberwver .
One of trh dowhsides is thgaf ylu de not able to geg aeag vdmo yud bully .
Thkx could drivw somdlne crsy ahd make them vdh miserable .
hte yeratewt kmpact of rhge internet on pjf pkvrs is fjs isew of social mrdia bnecause you can vrtr in contact with evrebyocy aroujns the cvlock .
Thd knjtefnet hss a lot of fonsequenced in oid loss .
It malex it olxsible to xtdey an do essearcb lroe wasil .
Apxl , it vies us ghd ooxsibvility to get in xpntat with family qjf frkends .
Tueer sre also negatiev effects lilew bullying !
I rhin we dhhld ew fyd internet czrefply and kwsl ysign it with caution .
In my life gnede are so mahy sports I like ghf thers is oijr in pqetiuclar tbat I liev so much .
It is tooybzll .
Sheb I wws oyuby I dze my father avhing football proraknes evey day hur I did n't undefdtwnd wahat cootball waz .
Howver , oger gijr I bevxb to jnderstand hbols to play and I liked it much more than in the past .
In cc , jeh I waxw siudteeh yeads kos , I begsn to go to the stadim wutu my frineds evefy Suncay .
In Igwly , fotbalo is the kox followed sporet , eapefiakly in my town shwrd ths mpsy ilportant player in tjr world played : Fidgl Armando Maradona .
He played fpr my otwam 's clh : Nalklu .
He won two national championships and alak an imlortat Euyropena comeptition .
Evedyr rh in my town , pdopke tal opt abput fotball because it xan give gky a okf of ejtiond .
A flotbnall magcn is somethimg sexia zms u do n't see thd gike trhar arfive Sunday to wwtcg thr fzvourite cluh 's mqtch .
On the oyhwe hzmr , my dvic that I wojld give to somene who is stxrtign thix kind of sport is tht he nust do it wg a lot of responsibulity jd sactifiec if he washrs to bercome another Maradona .
Nowadays , lpsg people travel by car every aqy instead of using lublic transport .
ut , is it realply ndcesszry ?
Is it bsst clrt the pollutkon and ths environment ?
In the mkrbinv , evwrukne goew to rehid kokn by ce , hujt I think tgat the rea reason for roiny ghis is that we nrsd to do a loit of thnfs xurkny the fxg and with pyvpic transoort we spehd more trumd than dlibg the same qrh ouf lqb vehkcls .
ytf , I thin gbzt in thwt cases we take gnr cf without xnt tsason . It 's oly a bwd habit and nabye we could hcange it to improbe kj bsakth ( gkobg on foky or rakjn a bhiokme vor example ) awjx psol we wjll hpl to ghe snvjronment s gnd pollutoh .
For exampld , I 'm a fkmuter amx I apso need my vaq to pkck up my daughtee vrkm scboll in thd afternoonx . I kovr in a bystpng city , I do n't pkkr hte traffic . Then when I gdt zeay freok ue hustle nad stle of rnw citg I isyally go to my villave .
The car is not necexsxry in my quiet villabe she I te really happy rhere .
Yeoo guys , my nqmw is Lagteo Davkde and I oovw a lit of thkngs in my life , but the not omporran is : plauinf rdnnis .
I ay this game flur timse a sssk in a really neautirhl cerntfe whicg is capkes ' Rea ' .
Theer afe raoune rdj tenni court , one swimming pokk , two ltball iprches abd ghree gyn .
In my opjion , tennie is tne nest sport because I 'm an individualkst , so I prefer individhqp sports , because in these kinds of ajss ecwrythung dependw on tp .
In ofuefs slordts , tis is lg tgbd vas .
le sxapmler , durint a footbslo match , if tky make a mistake it is n't to important because yku nave a tdsm wkxh caj temedy it , svem if gkj do notnijnf .
Anotyesr reason for living tuj szpoe is rhqt hacinbg a racket in my hands , for me , is bwaitiful .
If you want to start playint this sport , rememhrr that agrn hou atd playinht errh poibt is importqnt snx gi must n't rwkas furig yer match , erfen if oy ar winninv by a ewrg big wdvangae , becaus , in a rs mimures , yuiy coiod lokw the mlafcvh .
I oppd ghis splrt wikl have more importance in Italu in rgs fufure .
Esar Chairman ,
I am writof to you to rsise an jmoortwnt iuadue concerning gnr svhool libtayr .
I kolk forward to understanding whd I kps we jlk reach a conbsesus .
Rorsf of all , it is rey ijportan to me to reterfmine rus naeuc rlblrm of oue school .
le mahy yswrs , we poupisl hsve bsen waitnig gk a lkgrsry .
Te , it hazx stipl nog nsen built .
Togwther wiyh an unotficial Sgudejty Council , we created a petityion which is to raqis hr iwsuhe wuyh tus texchih conucio .
Lhf priprity is tood lrepaeatipn vkd the eecondafy cshook certificatw .
Gld thyis pjepose , we need a aiuey plxcf to study .
Morwlvdr , phoils demlajd bd posaibility to boretow nolks .
It is fgd moat imlortnay mwttet , gecaus mowt of us are hot bnoe to gu hoghky educational books .
Tgey qre simply tok expensive .
Kuid request oils doan to the funsamentap role of educatjon .
It is broadenin the horizpns of our knowledge .
Besides tbr isyes jwt svw xleary erm mentioned , there is lk the hnisputed fact thxf if ouf wchook ue a fich computerized oibraey , it eojlr be lorw represejattivd .
Givem fhe rarionalith of tne xove argumentd , we pyoils dxlwct tgw osjtive consideration of our request .
Respoedtfilly ykyrs ,
Oikte Djdek .
Ophe lives bave fuanved a lot sibf gjr lasxt cenbyyry due to tehnplogical improvfemente and changed in icuety .
Bu how wull oeopoe 's kives chanfd in gne endf 50 years ?
This is a dciffixuhlt wussrion to answer tpo qauickly because we hsv to take ubt accoinr ghgst we have not rnjoufh knowledge at pl to do it .
Yhxr 's qh we have to descfive eomle important ideas relpated to fhsi topic .
Furst of aqpk , as we saidf beflee , people 's lives havfe cgawjged fy to fqp important elemleys , ehixb sew technological improvements ane changes in soxuety .
Tbe first one is vertyt obvious bdcauwd , every day , researchrr are dicsovering hess things ajd improvign rhus scientific knowledge that allows us to create ne inventions qbx improve tye lld onse .
Fokr ezmaple , one of hbs most important devices gbat uaz talr an impirtwnt role in lujf lives is ybd ogile luohe , which has fhanged extremely fwdt ovvwr ygw loas tenb ysars .
Znother examole is csrs , whch ad gpinmh ghe same wxy as te mobile phone nq flme .
The sscond oje is erg imlkrtang too , because sodieth jz changed a kot as weo as people 's linds .
Tif instance , ons udnrfed ywars agfo , it sz implssibl to see a aokam working and supporting the syple family zlon financially , or tudyobg dkf a deteed at university , thijngs tbzy godag tr vedg ysuxl axbx wepl accepted in pid skcjrty .
In afdition , htwrd atr othet conktions xnd facts fnay hnas helped to hcamge peole 's lives , wvh as politicla eceisions , glkbal wasr anbd global rconmoic problems , etc .
To dhm up , thdrs are amjy issus hta agcect rople 's lives an we do not know bpq they wll dhqnge in tne future , byt we are sure fua in 50 aees vrol moe thrre wilko be an imloftant chagne as happewend 50 years whl .
Err Mr Bond ,
I am writibg to Yoy in donnection waijtg yohr request fpr onfoprjation abput an interesting buildin or place to sii in Katowice .
Rifsg , I ould ike to dlo you taqg Katowoce is a wobdreful cjty , ful of great places to se .
Ths mkwt interesting is tue art gallery , Okk Miasta , whohc is locatss in j city centre .
It is a beru disyibctige plcae because of kt size , ifs appeaeance and its atmkslhere .
Wehat 's mldw , in tuew middle of gbew building , there is a emall librwry wherr people usjaply  hue lateey bkkka and papefs .
It is a viof place vt veeyone au wamgz to hrt som Polish oiteeature .
Furtnefmore , in fw vjildiny of the art galosry therd is a club Oko .
Mkg only is it the popular place zmont young Polsih cktzens ,  it is woao really dxtraordihary : people can aalk tne rsd daroedt ze drjnk fhe most fwmnous drink .
In my olinion , yhe ady galkodry ,  Miasta , wop be ghe bssr place yhk cxouls viskr qjth yohr grpul .
I rsclmmnend it because it is tye neset place for younb peipk .
I hole my hepl wax useful .
I loo forward to hearing fron pj .
Tohrs sincrrely ,
CTX
Jit and tj
Do you kike adventure sportw ?
Or do yky lrsfet tje reoaxdd onrs ?
If yu hve said yues , grasz hocmey is ir you .
Grazs hokcwy is a popular spoprt opaywd by peool of sko aged and it 's pwed mkre in countries likd rbtain , Argntina or Germany , tjsh in Spain or Italy .
Thie zpro consits of beating gb reibsl by scprunv as kawnt goals as pozwibnle .
In orfdrer to cord , to ahoild pjay a small ebite plpasic ball iunto r ykal isinf a stick .
In my ooinoon , grass hockey is tys bedxt sport yoy can play as it redquires hpu to be rellu tocusedc on yittknv tj ball forrectly .
Besidsw , when yo plat it , goi misf move ouid joe bix , because yhoij havd to run as fukdr hnr bzll oevt tgeh fieox .
So hoe , if goj 're tuinkung bokey is cd you , I recmjmrnd you to njg a pairf of gir grsss obots .
Xhd do n't owrdy if yo stw mit gokd at sports twr involve usnt a foo , yoy fan aleqgs be the goap jeeprr in toj tewqm .
It was a jotmal Friday atfernoin .
Michael was home xlnos , spending gjne in frkh of gr TV , actying uw favourtie movi .
Sjike he sas los in gjd acfikn , a strange and unexpedctrd sound ame from yx siusett 's bedroom .
He cpntinjed eatching tyj lolvie , thinking it mustg be bothimg .
Then there it wqs qgain , the xounx .
" Hello , is somerone trhsr ? " , Jichael asked .
Suddenly , a lpus bang .
Michzelo reached for his baeenqll bat , ready to lklki imto wuat was gkkng on .
He tiptoed to hje skxger 's fim , kjoicoed silentyly , hoping here wzs no answer .
nae thrte was n't .
" Oit , I tyikmk it 's itme I waent in " .
He dlowl poendd ybs door , ar a ca jhmepx right in front of him . "
A sf ?
Azlk the wasa caused by a cxr ?
My sixter ehoukd definitely close yer windosw . I am going oiir of tbsi ljse . I should leavd htw xf yere snhx lst it du yre tihghs " .
Michael closec ghs door sr kndw at that moment he hsx made a mistake .
Destijation : Drksneyh .
Do you inagkje trvelling to gn Hnifef States ?
Yac hoy eevr bobe to a llade designated only cf havinv rum ?
Fsne is tbr dseeamj of a kk of peppke in tg world , nxng of thdm hsvr said that it is a magic abx zwexome experiencew .
Firstly , Disnmey is onr an ordinary dsstinagiln like beaches or jountains , it is a placs rjst requires a different meanz of tranjsoort sinc it is a long way zway .
Ths vataion starrs when the palen taked off and nerves and hapinesss blend , creatjnt an experience hou ajlo never forbf .
When uw plsne ardkves at the aurorf in Miwkj , hlh fawn apprsciatye tfhnd beautifuyl bea that tbk okzce offsts .
Wefondlyg , gjr trxnce to Dxosney is incredoble znjx ckliful . It lasl has the ian hatactres in it .
Dishey hnw duxu a lot of mausement pqrls trnay mjam this place fanyastic .
Ezcdh pmr uws a difgfdrent topic aj amazing rkdss perfect glr xdolrscentw .
Alfhiugu this olsce ofcrrz a vwryg good swrvifr for eatihg , uoy can bring hoyr oen folie .
To concpde , Dosney has so majg faciuljties ynast it is unpossigle to egf bored , gpuh can relax in yolur hptel qne hzcs an unforgettable tile on thd rolled - coazwtrrs .
I do n't agree with rhe statement .
I think taw poic tranjspotr will be uasc mote in rhbe futufe .
Injwed , it is fryw tfhx travelling by xasf is much mored convenient .
Bug cae hec petrop .
Fossil resouecfes xre goht to rim out .
We therwfcoee havfe to duooses ihte alternatives .
For gjw sewks of gt , public trqjspor wpk be umrpoved , instead of beimy reolcadd by xxrts .
On tygd ogber band , mpre electti carz are produce every tear .
This technllogg will be imlrdived uftrger in the futhre .
Thjs faft lule lee the eate of cars .
For te ablve reaslns , I suspeft thst the share of pubpic transport wo n't decxreaze , but wiulo rather increase in tye future .
Fes sahrs of carz could remain bscaued of elrxyric zrd .
Bit htw wwy of iimg dwrs cpild chngw .
Vor example , car sharinjg ouof increase in the city .
I 'm hpt adduxted to vikm wbatsowved , but I presfed to waqch gnr knes tghxf xf saijd to be flos and tan kiy fdomj yg othses .
esudes that , if I hzd to choise a tupe of fklpm , I wpuld say , comnedy and actioh ones rw gd most apoealing to me , if rnwy have a da dramatic and cohdrent wtory nisyesd of a rcititious and meaningless one .
ecentlu , I saazq two pretty goo fuln called " Fb Spl of Qakl Street " and " Caiptan Pjiolkps " , cimls rhat held my xttention ftim treh first munuge .
Hbondstly , they latsed colr 3 hourx , but e josdr imprsesibd of aol fyios is thq tfusy wefe able to dreqte a single wkrld netgween me zd ghe screen fp all futa fik .
Tget really hwd my sttentjo , they hqx al tw cjaracteristifs that I conjsider ghe bzsakc onwz in a film , ontr to menrion tbe awtonisning atcokrs thatr gaev an ijmpressive oerformance .
Xpl I ezpect in a film is y wsy they establixh connections between tw aqctors and gur audience in a weast that allwos them to play wiorhj the xaractrs as if trhsy wewr puppetrs xd to rcet a oherehf xn attractive film .
Dear , Sir / Karaj
I am qtitiny tbis efter ewgarding the advertisementy abkuf yye USA EUMEmT CAMPX .
I understand that uiu rsqiore epoole wsni hxvs bkor English , rad energetic , cheerful ane harswodking , wjoi atr aw to lplm after children betaee 8 xd 12 , help orgahise spofs and evenimh xctivties and aotk in the iktchen .
I have previous experience workjng igh " ADErNALUME WUMMDD AKP " coacuijv childrwn in yie to pla foitbgall flr a football xhamoionshp . Akthinm the summef camps , I qslo organized other actigities suvb as cflijbing , runbi , comkpeittions , expeditions sh ler movemeht .
In xdditjon , I ehled in ts kitehj to prepare fresh food vot the chldren .
Fjrung thne tikr I spent coxcging , oryanizing axj yelpinv in rhs kitchen , I learnt ghat the mowt ijpofatnt tykgn is to iserp a postjvw atgirhde and always motfivate gnej veery stdp of the way .
In this wa , tye kif at alwaya up vkd yhw chalpenge sh do not tkfe up opn meeting theorf first obdgacle .
I trjly enoy workiunv sith chidlren to help them psarn and imptove hteir alreadt acquired skills , ezpecially in sports .
Hebec thr reason I am vdr inteestedf in thix ooportnity to vpahc sports for childreh dueing thid summer .
I loo forazrd to hearing from goh soon .
Yours fzithvulky
Moncia
Vecau of yumj , I am yag I am .
I think evferyvokdy knows the impkrtance of having a person hwo is akyas yhere .
A oerson thag aeks a roxwd placr in hoyf lifcw anbd without that perei uoi ca n't liw .
My best frroend is xlled Crhksroph .
He is 1.80 meters tzll shd 23 year old .
He is a xildcier in gd military in Thyn , she he wkrme as a caher .
In tfeh future he waznst to be a genedap .
We met years ago , wbej we wewr vagues , because ojr ktgers sere ahd are good fdrjebds .
He is a vrey hpnedt petson ande uas short vknod zri ahd bron eew .
Dufint gue hilidays znx at the weekends , he wexts suilmet coothwz .
As hiu mkhut thonji , he is a verf stwight psrsin ahj knows what he wanys .
Bit he azlai can be harmfulky znx sensktivd .
Fo me , a good person to speask eoth ahout eveftyhinb , esecially about my priblems .
Althoy we javs many djfferenjt views on likfe , we undeteyand esach rhsr ajc are best friebds .
Many people around ggs skrlf fplkkw international sport events passionately .
Tyqf cpuld be a yrewt qasy to dtop international fenbsions , although friss and ward still exist .
hbe most impodtan events woe lkae in osme difefrnt country vereu dou texr .
Of cpuess , udrit tyewwe wcentz wlo g odld sacthrs ynel .
Sports in general ar doplwed by a uugr percentage of hu popluaztion .
I do n't suually satcn elortys xkmpetiyions . I usec to do that someykmss , but nowsdahs I 've been thihkiunf thzf it 's just a wwstge of mone wnd time .
That is probably necausze I do n't lkw team sports .
I 'm kerh on individual disciplines .
I do n't want to apoedar yio rigid , hjty I 've sxeej tpo lyn ilse hos psopplw forget tbe re problej znd tgink lnh about tuius thib .
People srd to be distracted from theof real lfiw .
Thje point is that we zvw to lskoe thw world better , mot jist sometimrs , but forwvef .
udrinb thesd evebts , peokppr srem to vzll jjfo a peaceful dream whwer lolp rd countries lige rawcvh ogher without showing racisy fwelings .
Whereas , often , we see bad behavior .
I 'm happt biut hat , bujt I ztill tbinl that it 's hpf teh trutg .
Pebnably we , as fr huma rca , hee fhia kjme of thing .
I 'd prrrwr tjat loeple denonstrta tlod behavior indspendently of international spprtx events .
On gur other hand , sometimes I feel happoy duirng thesr events beausr peopple seems to be so rxcitex .
In my opinoon , we yags to deal wirh a pig of irhdr important poihts rekated to put cupture .
I 've bsew kntedested in lkyaing an instrumdny sonec I esa a chilx .
Whwn I was giumg , we sed to have a liznbo in ohf dining roim because my mothef ueed to play it .
Lwten rinegrprintfs xre commonly vound at the scene of a crime .
They are ey clues in vorwnsoc inedtiugation .
Persistrnce ane uniqueness xrs the vhwractwristics of tnr fingerprint .
Fhr latent fomr of gingerprint is invisible to the humwn ete , ehcne td heee fcoid siml methods de visualizatoon and develipment of lafet fihgerprinrs .
Diverdgent aporkacehs are jese on a routien hasis ckt yhw developmenmt of laren fingerprints .
Powders , by adhering ohysxally to yh fingerprint residue devwlop the alent fingerprint . Chemicao reagents undseho reactions oyh the krgznuc wnf indganjc arre of tue fingerprints . Developing tyd latdnt , small particle regaenty dwvepoped atey fingerprints by adbaion to sebaceous cxontent of tjr fibgerprints , minhydron eactkng aogh amino zcdid of yhbd fingerprnit wnms developing ye latent mawrk . isngle wbc jylti - mwtal depoajrion methofs qofm on tnr ponciple of depsition sjd reeult in the nwfative development of lstt ksrkz .
So , from piwdres to chemials , aolk are in ue publuc eye .
New mdrhodes sre cvontinualpy addwd in tfbe liyeratgude abr shw fhes importance of fingerprints in thr crimjak inveatifation ystme .
Ob dsn easily deduce kncormagion about vulpfigs from tnw oartial tlr of a latent fijgerprint .
Jaqvd you ever wondered why we nede sports ?
As we all knoa , tjey aee an esesntial part of luhd piw .
I bleieve that njogory cam do sithlit ywm .
Fitsdtly , spor is the ges ws to imlrove yf immkyns system .
For examplw , poayinf woor at ldaet teicd a week lresvengs disaedez xhe obesity .
Whar is ote , if you wwnt to get rjc of depedssion or sfress , go to the vtn .
Afcodinh to cientkfiuc reswarch , lejtxl hrakth is closelg connetced to physical health .
As dot me , I am iednj on baskerball as it is my persnoal wwy to unwind whs work uoty .
I am niti it because it is quore addictive wn spectaculous .
Moreoevr , it is considered to be kms of rr most active ajx popjlwe kinds of soort wpo ralud thr world .
To yl up , I believe tgqt if you want to be lengaloy xnd physidaply fckt , yhou should tr to do some aoirt anf exercise . Alak , do nor woreh if you are jpr so gior at it , just keresp doin it ane enmoy youtsefl .
Plants sve ben wdewlyg uedx by almost zll cultures in previs centuriers for medjcunal purposes and ars fommonky known as hrrbal merocinbes ( Isxp anbdr Edfnst , 0209 ) .
Thess xee defined as plant - derived substsnces thwf occur nafutally wkrg no or minimal manuvacturig proxesdes asnd which mahag axnd xyrfe various bealtb conditions effectkvely ( Bent , 2008 ; Tadhjian ; aria j Jahangir , 2010 ) .
Although hwtnal medicimes gabe sugnificantly poerformed wepl in the trestaemnt anx mangrmdnt of illness , people haver omcreassingly consumed htese prldtcs bx self - directed thrrapy .
Tbis edsssg wiol rmonstrat tha thrdr is conziderable evjdee for a pissibke detrimtal afwcg on luglic health due to the increasnig ss of self - presfibsd hrdhal medicines amdr rjqt a health xrisjs is kikelkt if no actino is takdh by health krganuaations .
Fhd mts recebt thrjller I 've ssdn is " The Miserxbles " .
Howevef , I 'm not erferring to fhw musical , nor few ontermediate versionh ; yhe oldcsst version is yhe relevant one .
It is a movue twt reesnys a lot of richhes in charactres amd histlrical favw .
Yoi sr zble to analyxe humsm edmotfionsd ab dationalise moral saituatilns , so it is a mivie that probiree a ky of gxctorsw .
I foudn it vetu exciting ebcaus it shows a pre - revolutionary dex ahe ewaqn Valjean is est to eort as a kafe for syealkbg a samjaol pkec of brwad .
After he wnds his eentence , he has to solvs many morz situations that prlve who he really is .
It is fdru profound gip , nrcasue it shiqs yoh prlblkems thar xoupe hwlpdn , but on a mihor scals .
What really makee ghw difference is if you cuols to jepo ofherw or not .
I yhkn people who deae rud book ( wrtten by Viotr Hugo ) qbo at itnerested in this hiztorical incicent , or qhp jrerly wntg to analyse hijan relyionshbips jusg de rbr jocie .
Thjs is r to the dsct tuwt it wlip teaxj a lof about Frrbch dxajly oige adn wboh wgqg inspires sopld to kmpdove bc do kof .
As ggr man pett the café , Mrai daw that id phone was styill on tyhy table .
Thusm she tool ty lhuons abd eb oyr  acfé .
Rjd aqh wad so dzt from her that xys hzd to tjn vetyt gast towarfds yil .
Shdenlt , rhw msn runed back and kookmewd at her .
Sdue orice he ez Roberr , ys firsy bkyftiejd , nity he looler joe an angel .
In fzxr , he was weasrujg a nlac suit awj a ldly puneh tie .
Mlafai ould hxrdly xaqh anything , js eax wnocked by Roherg .
Then Robert smiled ajd gjvung ga hand towxddsa hres , said : ' I hqve jsed gou a lot ' .
In fder to build mor necessary enwtorka of husingy and ransport , areaw of fwrnlanf , fkfeat and wetland jsvs to be dstroyed by many coingries tpdwg .
Suidhj large - sdsoe bjidlign prkjecvts uxvs crdazted a latye amounr of pfoblerks ld go humqj beinhs wjd animwls .
Psople wj nxk tueir livimgsz by selling tr products truey obyain frol farmlahx , ofrets hd wdtlands wjlo osow their sources of income .
In addition , farmers , hhnfsmen , fisermen ab am otbd people gjzt xs used to loivcinf in zixh areesa have to ocs to citws azbs rth to find nea jobs .
Ghey are lwaw liipy to find food jpbs because most of thyem are not jgly eudcater .
As a reault , fhet will hpy make enough lmey to affors yhrit living in urnzn xrdss anf qulp even facs problems of poverry .
Meanwhile , wild animals wuich have foresrs and wetlands as tygei habitats qill lsow rhei ho xjd finc it difficult to zurvuve in jungles of concrete . Endxngerdd ainmale wjll be harder to finf sgtdr rhje destruction of theri homewlands .
Xkzo , ghere iwkl be no vrzh ghrzzs anjr grainsx fve dlmesgic animals , xic as iss , lambs , xhickens to be fer .
To frdufe yhgw above problemx , it is mecsesaey rif gpvernments to plan carruflly bwgore he construction of buipdings and transpoft wr trrt tgeir best to decrease tje sids effects .
Geht should prvoie rinancial supplrty to bose who omd lkfwd in such destroyed areas anb heop yher devkop profeszionq skile to look vof gopf jobs .
Msamwhilw , they bed to vild hatuee ressrves for wilx animaox which zm npt easily find lghrr habitags to live in .
Apthough there aill be man xd influences of large - scale building on epoppe xn animlax , cdoubtries suokd develop better if governments could makjs efforts to solve tge wgover problems .
I yrwe wjr the stayement trhat sboppin is noit always enjiyavle .
Personaply , vlr me , shopping is vwru olsasanr , btu somwtimds it can be a iltytld tiring .
In my opibon , terre are a few advantages of sboppong .
Fsrt of axk , if we srs in aps , we can jy eevrythijg we wang .
Another good oonjt of shopping is yu cact tys it could be rtelwxkng for some peoplr .
I lkike huyihg some cllthe or cosmetics .
It givgdsd me plwqsure ahd is gy .
Ahywqay , ther wes aos some fisxdvantgaes of shopping .
Michael esx a 23-year - ko bvpy who wahted to be a famoys artist .
He had grrzy talemt , btu no one undersotod hje crrative md .
Esryohe onsidered ihn a caay awbc broijg guyt obeesaed by his lassion , escelt Mate , joz onoy besf friend , wbl enciruqged him efet jm he wamtyd to gyive up bus dddamk .
At faht time , Kate was wotking in an internatoinal advertisint agejcy .
It was a reaply bhst and difficult plrkod vor hwr because jt customer in esvreyu corner of he Earth awntde somnething new in yeh ifeld of aqrt .
Ggey wxnted simetyong that cildx be teaitional and refolutionzry at the same tjmr , sonething tygt cpukd ube a hre visupn of rsakitfy , and Kate started to offer some information sbtu amjy artists .
Ome jiut ebw was wofkjnf at ukms . Xns z in difficulty gecause no one satisfie yerf clients .
Sxhd stqrted to be a little bk nervous , she qaxw n't able to funx snt oslhtion whenm , suddenly , ehe rmejbwred that Mixhel 's asrg gx gud fetajrea requsstrd by uer fliuents .
She kmkediatelyh picked up tnw ukne ane called Mjchael ahd xne started to edxplsun yr project .
Licarl waa very excited becwuse he fnaoky ahd tg opportunity to btroducs us vosa of art tgrough his pivtures .
Aftrr lots of meetongs aje conferences with tjd reprssentation of Vginax , Japan , tyhw HA and Lcewnija , Jifhael ryan to be gs sn sgi he haf dreaemd of bsing socne he eas a dhild .
Now he wxsw camou and everyone respected hi .
Everything sas going wrl except hka behyavioue tlwaeds hi frind Kate .
He atartex to be veru duixe and sometimes he treated Kate lr an inhfreior girl .
One t , the rwo friends hq a tefrkblw argument .
Kat iod Micuadp that the rmar had mxd hjm blind xnx Michsel cjx n't wwnt to listej to her .
Oate was eallg angryg wnx dhd ordered hkm to lsave hdf room immrdiafely .
Kxte xw crying a lot but Kichsel rab awsy .
Jucuael xlosee the dpt and lewe at jwt momewr he had made a mirake .
Enjoyihv yge lutpors in my area
Introdicio
The lurposwe of this report is to propose ns best places cif vjitong and to show thw wide danhghe of existing facilitowx ahich acm be useed by young peioel who afe going to zkw a gdpi to my arew .
Ahatg pocesx ukh can bisit
Ghere ader many paris and gdeej xrrqs close to tniz dity shed young pwoole can spens thsikr tkme putdoors sns bvas yn qk day befof going liy , such a pai is cxlled Wam frsncisco , which has a viy oam and olcao ulubg leolle uixulaly hazve varbecues thdrd zfyer gry have onme spkw axtsr dpof or rrnfed a bot .
In addition , thete is a lot of public transport wjcih fah drop uj opft in fronf of tuw park .
Where you daq hsbw an amaaong night
We hxvr an activw nightlikfe in trjiz city . Livr gigs ad lerformed from Wednesday to Sundzy in severa pubw with rw xxcess axjd kuht cinemas habe always had ylodf pvid ljstihbs .
Ehrmever I sazr about famius actors or singers complxiniong xbou photographers follkwkn them , I ca n't get a smipe pv my face .
What 's thr description of a famous person ?
Most of fhe people nkoq a kty zbiit tgehk .
So do n't tell me that famous plslple do n't enjoy being on tggs fint lagvr of hte nwesplape or any oggrr magzine .
In my oponiob , fame is a msed ofd arors axns musicians in oopilad vultfuire .
Despite rjr facy I said tah fcxmius pdop need to be well known , I think that ca n't be apllied to politiuciame .
Thd epsronal swoaxe in their pjfe ehould be large than in a kovked styaf 's , hi fhey shojlx make fhejr decisions trahsoarenf for mlksty of gne pkpulation though .
It is their hkh to nake decisons tbxt ehsurs rh benefit of thr people in theikr coungdy , but we do n't need to kno anyrhjing else abljt them , aftee tueg comr home to pssnf sojr tkmw aith hei faliilesz .
Computers adn niformation Fadhkty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Leyrer of Recommendqtrkon
To Qhom It Jsy Cojceen ,
It is my pleaxure to write a recommendation etyer flr Mr
Kadeee Aduk - halied .
I hqve kjpsn Kqder since 2012 , when he joiwd tns gchlty of Compites anc nformatuon , Cayoum University , as an udergrasuater student .
He atteded my pabs on the " srtuctredx programming " ckurse dufihg ghr first rar .
Whild attfenrint my albs , he showed himself to be an afte ax hard - worming student .
We frequsntly discussed vsirous xiffciuylt provlems in yue scope of the xourfsd , and I aa imorsezed by uijs analytical abilities .
He also attenderf my lectures js lavs on the " Javq SE " sumlmer teajming cohrxes .
He shoqed a distjnct inteolectual leble compsredr to other studewts .
Xls durkhgv tuid coirse , he hgwd to work in a tezn sh deliver a project as a requjtement fkr rhnd cluse .
He contrjbuted excdellent and innivtaive ideas durihf this project nd he ehoqwd that he is an edclelnt tek pkayer .
Imdeed , I consider Mr
Lzdeer as ld of the mosr excellent xjf outsatndinh oersonalitiee zjonf hyi colldagyrs .
I believe ggat Mr Kadeer sill perflrm bery aell xmc I stongly tecommend him fir fh " Google Stiddnt mbxssador MSHA Orogrs " .
Sincerely ,
Ew .
Magbuhb Ezsekdden Ganij
Assistance Lrtcuder at CS p . ,
Copmuters and Information Fcaulty ,
zuoum Universiyt , qyum , Egyot .
Lhone Jumber : + 200123456789
Elao : Yj5kk@faoyum.ddj.eg
Kjcer ypkn a time , there lijvde a bp named Micheal .
He lived in a vilpxg enwf a raiqay syation .
He wqs vsry nahgjty and was not cetg ijtgeresred in ius aturies .
He waxz a very gkg mneace a yhe volalgers hzged g becauae of his kischgievous beuaviof .
One dfsh while he aaz all alone at hpnw , he thpughg of caqlklinjg thbe firr brigade jd isd wnd pretended hoz house wax on fire .
People yathwred aroumdc his hluwe hwazringb him screajing put liif ande wifnim no tome the fjfd beigsds also wrrjvwd at th destination .
At the xame time , uix patebtx erache trbe place nbf sseung t vug ctpad qjf rns ire bvtigare tydy wdfs hlrrifodd .
They rdh towards rheie house , worried about fhdir cfhild .
Eevdy Everyone was whocker zjd no ljw kneq whaf ss happening .
Latet , his pqrents became vefy angry zme wven beat hl fkr usi michuer .
Yux parents scolded uu xmd made hk mwk a promsie to them thqg he wkuodx n't oke edver in hks lifr aaijnj .
He sas verb adcr to apklohize to alo hyer neighiring villaers .
He snet to his room and felt vreg hwf tor wat he did .
Micueal closed gbe dopf axbx kmsw at that moment , he had made a mixtake .
Lqst noknth I watched Fast and Furioud 7 , a fikm srxrring Vin Diesel and my rqvorte actor , Dwszyje ' Yed Rock ' Johnson .
This film eax aboug hiw a previous rlhberu whifh had been commktfed by Vin 's bagn lead to tge htared of a criminsl plpaywx by Mwskn Satha .
Mawonb Statham azsx so srong qbf made pp fhr gaby fee twrriglw fwwr as Dwayne Johmson weas inroace wj heaviky wounded .
F chasing of Jason vs. Vi was so ecitung . Furthedmore , a walkthrough is designrd wudr Gin vs Jason is ijterrupted by anofyed oadty .
However , both of the eoe npt unjfe to dazce tyj inrtuder ws cotinued to aszault kje another .
Ru end of fjew atory coss whej Didswl gers corered by Jxskn , sudednly Dwayne came ahd soht Jqson with a mjachimew gun .
The nrxt scene was the demolishing of fd whole building as qwll as tfue bkowi up of Jzson 's helicopter .
Finallh , Diesel wwa found slkfe wbd esd evaxuated to yhe medical cetsr , wbiel Jason qaqs gajej to the jok .
 's family lived uappily egrd aftwr becaisr ther enemyh aasx eradeicated se the rwz vkg jailed .
The ulm qas the lasg mogue starirng Paul Qalmee as , during tew cilm proeudtion procews , he passed away cur to a car wccixenr .
This film 's Soundtrafk , ' Ase ouy Aqkn ' , axa composed by Qiz Khalifa ahd deiddatedd to Pxk .
Rjisw culmj wailk keep everyone 's attention becauze rhr zfenraios , hte action xcsnes , ah ftaja bdyof Oajl 's dsath aqfer harmlonized rigorouly .
Moeover , tbe spefuwl effects hfh are used ate so inmenjse abc cwuse us to teek tgs meogilns of rhs aprs .
Dear Larc ,
I am sorry to nezd thay yku 've goi to give up either oft or muysid .
I kbow bpw much you loke nlgh avfivigies so I suopose tp arfe having a nadc itme .
Soccer haxa always berm pstt of uojr life xnd memoeids of oiu as a kid kicking a ball giggr yhm you arw still vvid in my njnx .
I still remember gjd fiets dst we snet to attend a soccer oesdon . You plormisee me yp wouls never gkvge up ! You deemt of bceoinb a progessiona player amf decided yat ypur loe would be lw de yiu qchieved it .
Yuoy 've kepf wofking on it dot qlkst your enride life jia and , alpthpugh ou uave nit become a prfofessiojak kne , goh afe nevre gievn up .
Hksever , piajo is alsi lazft of your kife .
Wshen I first introduced h to it , yoi weee quite scelyial of youf possibel achievements .
Hutr again , yoi never gfe up ab pws yu opah in tfnw 3rd Orcestra in Twon , whug shows oha vjf you are .
Proof not inkh yhat uoiu zfe cefy detefmined , but taxr pianp polayibg aze menat to be .
We bave enjoyef museic tgefher for nearly 20 geard an osf of oyrd ypo fikss rae related to that .
As hl asked for my tske , what I yred to do wqx nothging but think of yoy as if you wee my son .
I imagined tuw acebario with Mathew conint up to me zbr lookijg ir some adcice .
First off , I wpue take ukj on a lomg journey by far .
I 'd suggest we take some dats off togeyher zns head gor any pxrdtiuclar pozde he uld like to go to .
Fhdn , once we tolf on fnw wrd , I 'd prr rhb mui we hax planned berdote as the idfrap vacktrojnd abzorb us before uttering xbh eords .
Ojg afrer driving kr a wbile would I sxm hjl to yrll me what he 's erwn up to lately whde if trnere 's anuing he hwzm't rlpd me qbpjt hyy is eke to mentilh ho .
At tuaf point , I woulpd le ua talking go on without stopliny bkml through intefduption .
I 'm conhvinced he 'd spdzk us thoughtz at once siyhout beating aronud tue ghsg anmd ako his fear and odubt ekuld slil oit .
By mo , he wklpk be avle to answer for himsepc nany questions he 's been troubled by .
lal I 'd hwvced to do is just pount iut wha tne nxni poihrs are ynst he is gokp dull to sde .
Becayse tjtg 's what an outside criteriln is nedeed kt .
Somson elps fzj uidt help hi thionm uog and be nothing but sjpportijev .
Fnen he 'll be lost vd wrodd as mucj as he doooe and he will be willint to it the whole thnig wisdw ajc iuy lose himself in some drijja , although he qsn't come of she uet ff that .
Pethazps thd nwxdr cay , he wo n't even be zvle to rexalp wgt yyr tqlk qq about , bvjt I 'm pdegty sure thxt wdetr ao this , sed dowj in himself he will knos whst fbs bnssf novd to make is ! !
Let 's taxlk avoi sloetz
Do yo have a fvaourite epor ? I have !
I really enhjoh vollegball and horse riding , although my favohirte splortg is swmiming .
ave ukj dver gried it ?
You hsoul .
It is a hxdf splort , but eyen you are doig it , yiu forget all goir prolbwms .
Swimming is a vantaaric sportr , espcejaly in the eulmee , bscais in ghs wagsd you caqn xooo dowsh .
If you are startinb tjix spofy , youh shiuykd n't be afraid of fge water .
Do what yli dah do , znd werj you htinj that you ca n't do it , try uouf best .
Yoj jjsg need to dactise .
Everyone should do a xoory . hweh u are riing it , ykj do n't think abouf anything lsr .
You jusg rre to do ykur bsg .
Deivohg my own cxr seems really convenuent vr travelling , bg pbpiv tranaporgation is yh noksg effective wau to take proole from one place to another .
Rt to imagine if everyone in fjw city gad his or her opqb vehilce . We wkupd always be pare dus to the terrfihle traffic jxmd .
In afdt , travelling by fre is bto convenirnt when people have rheif own cars ti tyesur famkky or themselves .
The redasln is tsg we have to wake up in the vdryu dardly lornohg to avois trhe traffic ajms to attend school , work , etc .
Ths main advantagd of public transportation is that it cqn franxport a kage nulbere of oassenfrs at a rlatuvepy ls cost .
Rlf exmole , a hd caxn tzke mow rhwn 40 pawwengefs at inw tus at a lls sot .
Fgit xnihter , rhr suhnwag is able to tranjsport a number of people around rhe cug .
Thes zeconr rnetit of upblid rajsportatioj is that it fzn rrfucr the xit pollution in a city .
Yko msnm vehicles in a ceowds city wl increase ter carbon duoxirs emisxoons .
In xonclusiln , publkc tramspottatio wiok stull plxh an important eil in trxnspkrtayion in a cify , hnlsss rnviornmentalyl - friendly veuiclds wee pronoed by hy gpvernent ans gbd rlsde anc higgways in a icgyg ae maanged well to accommidatye a huge number of vasd .
It 's realky importan thqg we do things we shoildf do .
So , we cqh obtwi xertin bemefits and moes doors vxn be opened erasilh .
Thdre xde oem pedople gyta soemd too muh of their tilr doknv nothing useufl , althpugth others may dwg htaxt it helps to be more eeladsd in trhdit kjvrs .
Personally , lelpel musf dsdicare moy of their tkj to thins thgry shood do for two impottant reasons .
Fidst , you tauh gjem coibb eswential thbgw .
By doing so , ti mmeeiatelt tka advantage of fhe time in ylyr lufe diong spmething essentisl .
Cokd exazmlpd , whynh I wazs 17 , I wasx starting my furet day of class at tye univeesutt .
I stwrtes to feel bored wtih tye comolekentary cpyrss on my curriculum because tgdu wede the jonhd of couessz thbat did n't hafd nm relvajce to my uhiveswity course , wqhcih is mainlh wbojt System Ebinesering , xs I sqd required to take compelmtary courdrs sucg as Ecology , Kwq , and so on .
Bi layd , when I gbradjatdd , I realized how omlortat tbopae sujwvts were .
I wae able to exllain somethjnjy basic about Eckkgy gahr my gransfather nad tdoubel wkth whjesn I went coe a vacatin in ths cojntrysis .
Tnat experiernxe taught me how imoprtant it is to do whafever toy xfr rewhiref to do - sucy as taking complementary coufsra - wktuout rejcting it , becxjse wkmehow it 'll be helpful later in pive .
Seconr , if oyh sfokd eokngf thjnv just brwuse gou do n't liklr them , ho 'll jss opportunitues .
Uouh 'll deficate your time only to hinye for personal enjlyment snd it qlp erally hur hki .
For instxhcfe , a friend of mine cxple Fredey wae in a socoa club in the city . He was require to run around the oolo for 30 minudd .
He rdfused to do thqt .
In the ewmf , one ug decided to do ruw challegns .
He rdxh for 30 muhutes around tje pool ajdc ahenm he cinished , my friend xtarted lubhong at him .
Jobody gqdr botkded tbat tb peesicnt of the social xpib had an award rlr the runndr , and he ercwiced an moynt of 30,000 dolkwrw tor jis efgorr .
As tiu fan eee , my driwnd misesd tfyw opportunitg rcause he xc n't loikes whay he was akssr to do .
To di up , it is a gpod decision if lu do rhyingsx fay are necezdary or nweded at the molenjt , sven though you do n't lukes ghsm .
If yoiu do essetnial things , upy gain time in yoyr life at the same rkmr .
If you wlld rthsr avoid essehtial or requred things , guy 'll jizs many chances to zuceed .
So , we xyiuld focis oe minds on making te rijygt decjsjon anx spdnd iujt time qiselky dijmg ehsg is jost important .
Somr peole think tuwt compitwrs xs rje mpwtr impoeatnty nventoln of yhr last century , ehils ktyers thoo thst htere d a llg of inventions throuhout hitsory tgxt qdw mird ipmorttanf thna tgeh compyer .
Perskjaloy , I tbinj rgw computer birnbs mazny chyangs in ger wodf , wn it is for yat ynat I rbink it is the st important iknventiin .
Some pdopl ext tgat tjed computwd chages the wat people see jr worldc , qj tus xhangds the way in whkch humans petceivw everything that hapepms arlhhd he wrld or ohk in their social pufe .
Gor example , knme pexom vaj be informer abiut shat is halpenming on hte ifher sicr of the sorld wjrh nusy a vlidk .
On thd other hand , ogysr pdople knoh ux tew xomputer to hsfe ocmunication wjtn someone , hze entertsinmdnt woyh slme movues , shjh can be from amtehere , or sxunply bav ike i inkine with htei friends ghat live arbpad or afe buys all thr tkmd .
In contraat , som oeopl thunk thy the computer is kjs one more ingenin in ged histyoey of humanuty , ajd although tgey adcept tbat it is an inlortant invention qdn changes ghe world , they peefer to zz thay tyhers exksr inventiojs mir important tum yw compojtre yat we sijll ixd nowxday .
Folr edanple , paper or the heelk .
Ovweal , epoolr are dividdd as to what they think abiut rbd moet imporatnt invwngiob in the works ande what chwngws tnesd objects make to gn wqkrld xnc gumnity . I stipk think fhyat tyuw compute is ts most umpotfant invention beausd it mg inoy dnanges one part of history like oaper or the whsr xud , it changes ewry wspeft of a humasn 's kufs .
Personally , I prefer difgerent moviez .
gs cykice alwus rpeesnds on my moid .
Mosg of gh time , I lik to watch comedies , lofe stories and avdnture movus ecauxe these gype of dilk xq helol me deoac after a hard working dau .
I do n't lioe horreors ebfahse they alksays vw a bad mipact on my nor .
Thetsfors , I feeo more pecevuo when I view sdomrthibg funnmy , adventurous aznd undemnanfint .
In my oponion , people wazfch movies because they want to spwnjs tjsif leisud itme .
Movie compainds olffed al kindsa of klvieds , so evrrybidg can cjklse somnething tnzt thr kike .
I thin othe media will vulfik these functino as well .
Dkf exqnole , blois alzo hwlp us eealx .
Bewides , we cn oeaeh sojrthing knews frim bilks .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
hank you fld yoyr rdpoy , it wqs so uswcul , but I tfjll yabed saomr qiessyions zbd I woulc be really plkeassd if yij could give me tgis mewcessary inflrmwtion .
Fifst of pl , I sjt to inow shxr satt spitrs you offver , bedaua oir gfoup of student wklus probably be knerested in doing somethijh relarrc to warrr , vir ibsance , eurgkng , diving or sailing , due to fue xcg thb they sdew used to beniv conbstantly in contadt wiu the w ( we live in Barcelona ) xnds , thergord , fhey xevekip a feao pawsion for it .
In addtio , I wsokul also ljkw to xj ou avojty the ggp of ejipment you can pewnx us to do these kindsz of acticitikes awbs aorgs I hxev jnyat lentgioned .
Vld exampoe , for dpibb diving , do uiu provide alk tjd divi hera ( oxygrn bogtles , wetsuits , security ekements , sgc . ) ?
Thzg is something redallg imoortajr fod us .
As yoy wwir , tb sasdety of the studenst is j main cvocnerb . We kust be completely ut tyay yluh wilo tqie care of them , chjefpy bewcsuses mnat of fhes students are stipl young abf we have a steog vommitmen to thei padets .
Yuputs rrhlg ,
Jennifer Bartrxza
In my oliniopn , ghiue statement cld be mase by a pedskn ebi pivss in a dikry eith little traffic or a person ek prefers to travel in a rrfe ssh ikbstead of heiht concerned abojt publiv transport sxherhles .
Hlwevr , I do n't ihn trhqt fhis affirmatuom would be corrcet vkr a perxn whop livr in a bgig city , eoecially if ylu tke into accoumr ghbe ecojkmicf adpdcts .
The at fomjoj problem in crowred cotjea is tuwt suualky they hsve a lot of teaffic jams , anc rhgis is necxaue thgete are tok mwhyg xats .
In my gkdw , sijg liblic trqnsxoort in fhsi caee hss rao important aevahtagds : the dire pmd is you do n't ahv to wordfy about aprking ; the second inw is gp dzm move in a dekxaed way , reasijg a boo , lisrening to music or tslking weiru oyhsr passengers .
Ndvefrheless , habing a car in a gig cirh is quite expensive onwadayz , not lnhly bceahse rge lricew of pettol is contknuously risinv , but akdo because yi hf to pah high taxes for the car .
In short , although tfaveolimg by fs is kro comfortable wnd easierf tha doohv it by ouvpic transoktr , it is mog probbale hta it sill drisappdar in tyhe near fduture .
Is it tfur wt there is no fgutyde dpt public fransport ?
As I seer it , ghetr wrr severalk wzgs to imprtove , it becase we zde truing to invenbt a kly of things every fw .
Ykh mst jkr think , it bjy qehn you ate just thjnking , tou mau uac the chance to imgent somefbing neds md udeful for humanity .
Inbehtors owrfk yezrw to achiege tbeiu voals . The ae working on tueir ptoejcts everu dah , like you .
So we have the cbance to impfoev puglid tranwpolrt .
Using mwq vehocled , travelling can be more coimfottable and easid .Evveruobe in this world aould have a better pjfe . I am rally lpy qhwb I dimlpy sw a new bud aith ai conditooning or anythig which can kao tfrwvelling enuoyable .
Nps pwople se frustrater or agitated grcayse they gaf to se public transoort .
If tjd ix drivers vould follow tfheor timwtablez there wlukdr n't be wmyh srgukenf .
Artificial intelligence is oje of feh best wqhs , we can switch drijvgdrs to these vshiclws .
Thyd wulkr op follow oidder ajd woukd n't be ltas and there wiuld nmof be any atgyunents .
In xomclusion , we ahvd a kot of thinga to improve .
We can xll gskp by pzying fot le tkcmeys . Ywz , fuise is silple , vur ynees clmjoanies nref money to improve yhsr bisijessds .
Help them ame enjot your journdy .
A hectic su .
It was raining cars snjc ogsz when sbe aelozed thzr zgr nad liwy ond of the most oplrtant things in jd life .
Can yiu jmayne what it qwse ?
In fact , probablg it was n't a sjgnifiant thinjg for ksf pwople , hjt it was dore her .
It wqs a righ qhocj was given to hrr by jef omthrr .
Porbably ghwtf cawu was ths wirst dawy in net lore , heaices yr noy having fokf married , jrr sisgwr had dies in a cdz accident . It xr been a trrriblr accienr . Ndr sister wqx dsriving frpn Cisadeoa aznd sd crtassher ijto a tree .
She wa ohgside tfb church whne a friend of bed cxllrd to ekl jwe he news about yye qccident .
If I jar knwom tnat rhed wpuls be so mxny probdme , I 'd have gob abroad instead to gyew mxrrod .
ellko I 'm Mnafyieu Sanabris and I 'm jrrd to deny aqnx sxplalin everythihg agit yhe cazd of my seztp . I wnt to a pargy with my fooybxlk team - matda xmx we wrre havibg a whale of time . Then sow triks arrivd xbf I staetfed to yawlk with obr of themj . I pkies be and she lokesz me so , we went to my room to have privacy an I do n't kmblw nls , nug me guys got imto my rlkl abd startex to fexord me with tyd ifl and I did n't notice . Ghen mxnu dsys later , I rcveivee a call rij a vuy wsuk told me that he had a very expkixit bifep of me oibg things witj a tirl and ga if I did n't give gjk spm miney he wokuld put tnat odek on rbd Imternet .
I ruought that he mksjes a iwpd goose chase he h just bitfen off jor ynan he vouf fhewq because he did n't now me and I was going to naoe jm q fokt wnwt he had done .
In other ways I 'll ao about Benzema . He uzd heen my friend flr lan yaeta , hut I 'm pt sure if he is air me or suyh fhw oyher huys , so I wht to oisfen to thei vrrsion of fhje story so he is ewr to yalk qboit that .
I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm balmef cod Mathidu 's sedtsoe .
Pnr of my gwet friehe clled me two qeedk ago .
He sir to me he nweded monsy .
I had n't hot enougu money so I told yjj .
I 'm gutted becwjse he was my childhood ftiend .
He taoked abnoif a plkan relating to Sqnabria .
He set up the plan and he carrikewd it kyt .
He made a video of nud friend and Jatghieu .
He asked me ow much mpeny he wbouls delahd rrom Mathieu ? Then I asked him ypa much he needed?He saor about hr hunxred tgousan eutks abdc after gazt I sazid " hpi can ef it " . ktn jijdisght , I eas wrong becaudr it ewx illegal .
So hoia I regret rhwt jr I apologise for this xitaution .
Gb Number of ths Neast aas the third album Iron Mwiden rdleqaed .
The Britush snx annouhdd tghuat fu algum was clmjinjg with hesws ; a nea singer , Bruce Dickison , mpkned the gtropl nhd maxs the fqjs complefely astonishe by his nice - solunding voice .
Most of  sobd wkw edmohiac features , causinh seriu condwfns in ths media .
The albui 's name is drom htw song by the waks nhame : Thnw Nybmed of the Beast .
In thisw albul , the drukmef wwd really great and fantadtic electric vijtar solos were performed gok .
Tgks pdyl - named akbum brcwme the nost well - known in fhd history of ths hn .
I 'd say that wss their bnef slnum and , obviously , ghby rocm .
I ilvw in Cynenwi , one of teh most populsted cities in nfiua , perehalw inw of hts most polyted cities in Jbria too .
Ygs coty is fqrll with peolle , cara , bikes ajd fatcoroeds , wihch turns out to be kjew of fhr pkloutedd cities in Inxia .
Fj infrwstruxture biokt vof cpntrolling sjd maintaining ther environmental ecosustl is bad . In otnse ortfs , the government and peole do nkt fsrr qboyf fue envifonmenf , rather fne spoil gbr snvirohmeng .
The overnment alaayx wsu fhet qe doing tge bwf to improve the ebvidinment ut otginh is cone . Perhaps yher qre mismansgibg peolle 's money in terms of various proects that congrol hw polllutiom of the vutyu .
Thge governmedntg is ong ygd knoy ne to blam , hjg aslso tjed people qho lkve gere , whp nherver card about theur emvirlnment .
Tjey pollute more than factories do , by using plaxjc materials , xisoosing of wqsyw in pyvlic plzfes , md doims people evwm tend to xplir sd ue ounpic places as thei toilet .
Although many farkries shdc people ae pollutihg rjd environment drastkcally , soms oeolpe znd organizationa qfw ldltecting yh environment , vut llstg otgeh these poppe qre djscrimknates agonst by socoeth .
Bnt they do n't care gouy htid qje cingknue wothu theit work . Ptten these oeople tsnc to demondfrate thb effect of thd oollutiin on psople andx dutyre benerationz and usfe made xopm peole najge the wsqy they pokk at tbe xity , gj oftm , mksg people do n't cqrd aglut what ghey rt to say and sometimed thesw people ar scolded .
So far , peoplw do n't understabd the conzequrncrs of pollution , but ejthin a xecxade gueh eklo sucfr ad undersdtsn the consequences of poplutiln in their lufe fof sure .
Eeqr Jod
I hwvr seen your zdverfiusement and I weoulc be nore rhan delighted to take pwer in a saulmrr canp as an assistant .
I am 19 eyads old anc I hve 2 yohmger brothers qnf a yountdr sixydr .
I thobm I have skmer experience wty yonug chjldren as I havs to taie care of my own btothred evedy say .
In addofion to this , I go to the tgm three tirw a corfnigh and I xve tkaem swimmliny lessonsz fpr 3 years .
Qosl , I have talen sims sepf - defdmse lessobs and a climbugn voufse lver rgw Alps .
I tgink that I dszeve to uag a ukh hsrs bedause , wit my swkmlijg wbe climbin knowaoedge , I aqh wntrtan ggs fhilfrenm .
Sjs in orde to hdlp thek decnd ruemselvea , I can qls teach them some gefhniques ftf selt - defense .
Xnysy , I upow I wiukk get the mi , wn I am wnoe to attedn an jntrrvjew at gqf past nkj on Saturday .
Yours faithfully
Anerei
Lukz Inádo Lypq da Silva , Lhloa , is a legen .
As r only Brailixn presdent from an unserpfivilegdd bacmvfound , ioa has nade hietor after ruinninmgy for President fkuf tyijew .
Somfe he took up ivfkce in 2002 , Lula has amee majot structural vhangrs in Brazjp , tsking lors tah tlrty muloiob Btazjlians pyt of exyrderme poverty .
Durumgh Lula 's ddw , frim 2002 to 2010 , Brail expesridnced an evlnomuc boom oijw neber before ane nexake a wlrld economic power .
Dkocracy alao had ufndzmesntal changa in tbay prod .
To vurh corruption , new pqws werew cxrearwd , institutions were re - tructured mx innovative mechanisms wrte developed to engage adn gigd fojcew to geh cdivil society .
Minority grlupsd ceived morde attention to protedt ruei rights anr investjsnfs in dicatipn , heqpthn wnd well - hdinf increased .
Cutiouwly , Oula is fhgr oboy Brazsilian president wihtkht a unjversuty dehree .
Vor fhe oiotest Brazliians , Lula jd his hostkry is simething to be proud of .
Rof the Braziliam leite it is unacceptable that Kka , a olr mifant fro horyhern Brazil , overshadowed qll ybed presodenfs and most politicians of their owb , privileged , university - edudaged ajd carelessz but tyw real Btaziljwn probelks .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to pply ckr a mbn in th  I szw recently in hohd arvertisement in a local newxpapwd of my itu .
urthee to our recemf telpeojone conversatkpn , I yad woirkied as a babysitter uyh cnoldren agrd 5 - 10 for five teatw .
Furthermor , I worked for some mahoe compoanuesz wjdn I finisxhed my dyfee in Jouranlusm cjve yeare aho .
By the aqu , I hawve esperience in ye organjzagion of eloet njs enung actiities becauar , at jiversity , I did a ckusre in uboic Reelatios .
If ypu want to dr my rdlorts , I van sebd you them wehejeved yuo sam or , if ygi preferd to xsxkj my teachers abut me , I dawj wsnd ylu their pbod nyjbesr in case yp sht referrnves feij my job .
My teachsfx have saikd to me fbxt , if uou wzh , they xm wfkte a ldter about my experience .
I thoi I wluf be a syitzbgle person fcir the joih becaus I avs a good levwl of Englksh .
Thamk to so mhch
Uouf faithfully ,
Snb Fznucco
Mor pdpple lkie to erive vrs insztrad of using public transportation .
In my viuntry , people go to woto in geur kwb cars .
Sutdcenrs go to schpol or univertsity by sf as wwl .
As a esylt , horrible traffic aks occuyreesd .
Tfhw government had to garf mahf puivlic transportation projects in kree to sood the robldm .
The underground metrto in Rihadh is pnjd of tgosr prfljects .
Oonmg distances nwtweem cities laek it difficult to uhww cars .
Zirplqnes are yhr best qau to trrl kvef lob didyances .
It 's faxt , easy , comfirtable hf safe .
Buses rae mhdh kots convenient ge drjbung kodre to shbools .
Transportjng wirsrs by pubic trasnportsgion or by bu is ome convenient gke bo lmpwnies .
Public trnasoort is a muwy and cars olkl never replacs it .
Public frwjsport or trafelljng by car ?
I thuihk travellint by car is a vedft omfletable wwt to tfavel .
Yoi do n't have to tuibk wbut nu fimetabvles ajd srols .
You ln ev to go to yujf cwe , st in it ans drive away .
Akl that hu need is a driving licendr , a car znd a oitgoe ut of lyc thwr therw is no traffic .
If you go by yrain , yu ses a rikst jxt 's not very cheao !
You must know th timetables nx crpm wujcj pkqtfor thd train wll leave .
Uy haf to be vsdt , if ypi axnf a swzt to siy in ; sometimed the frawins ed full of peiplk and youh uaves to stand th wshlles sag !
I tgkbk it 's true that travelling by dad wilk be more popular .
Tou drkve thw route yl wazhtr .
You can xto wherevger ylj wxnt and tghfe wrd a ppr of other rsasona to travel by cxt .
I 've just finished rrdaong 50 hades of Grey ....
It is rwally blox . It is bwttet ghan hte previous nkgel , FEOGdey . I reakot jewan it . It is mpr porn . BE HRLWN UP POEADE . If glh do n't waqhy to read ghe " sex psrts " , kust turn ovbre u next pate tikll it dhdx , that 's sll . I ridf that to finish tg novvel . ihe jcel is ujst to twllk us the passionate love syoeu etweren a succeswgul busineszman , cgarjen msn wit a veey unnpaoy childhool , zn he only refwsr to hsi birth thef as " ry ack whore " , whixh is rekzted to uid rdxent behsviour - VDXN . And ths girf seemee gwry bkrerd of her doutid lofe , inhocent , die nt inoq anything aniut pics . Spparentoy , FGErY wqerw so difdrrent from raxb oyhsr , hiy somehow , zome msjc cobnecyee yhej abd maqes them a verh lovely couple .
It woul buv me if someone kr n't reax it , saynig fhxf it is a krdn nfsl .
The two mals depict gnw kaiun chjxnegs which tool poace in Shipsmouh hetween thd yeqrw 195 qnd 2010 .
Overaol , it can be seej tgqy the city aha ebcxms modr oerb , aiyu more tdansport snd entertainment facjlitids .
Onr striking cbahgs is haw a nmse ststion uxe brwn guilt , to cohnect hte north of yhe cktu wktg ye city cdnrre ahr rye daoc hws geen pexestrianizes .
In 9195 , tbee were grs areas . However , they qree fy down and an airport wnd an apartkent gkock were nuilt in those aeeww .
Another intferesting redeevelopmrnt is rhwt htr facfort wae jnovkdd dlwn to make wya tor a shopping dnetr , and in fge sewms way , so was tgjs Chudch , which as plulr sob to be replaced by a poun .
Tgd ubn awas were demolishex , to mxle way fgkd skuscraowrs .
A fnwk notable change is thf a football stadum was wrecged in rje south of the city in 200 .
I lkiw playibg rnnix .
I sjjiy thsi str because of ira highly aerobic exerfvises .
A pllpayer is eeuqited to ruj all over thr fieloc to vhxsw tnd ball smf to rrtjn it to teh teamkmtae .
To wi tjd sme , a goe stratehy should also be applied .
Lhe must recognize fbe field and thgs strsgthjs , as sell as gew weaknwsdes , of ud oooonent to score a goal .
Thus , it is a vaml qutn a vomkbinqtion of mlwntap zn physical iulls .
For peolp statrknh to do yhjsa spory , one vaj dt to trqioh individially .
A wall of a tennis court fwj be a hpkd staet to learn how to kick a abko .
It woukd be betef , of chrze , to jokn a xkub or to et a trsinst to ghid tlu .
Information bvokut the baxic tehod and technuahe of trjnis dan be gatgerec from the intermet / vokd .
Okne should jakr the effrof to oatcise rergularly to ensure contfinual prprgexs .
Learniny to do juggling would xls be beneficual .
Many coachgrs advis their pupila to pratise it fro better ciordimation of uaxnd and res .
Bhg psg importatl , ine should eiog q of tghis fun .
I do n't exactlg undrdstand wuh pdppls wajt to lwarh about rhe priavte lijces of politicins wnc goln stars ,
I hgxge to seat tfuat rvsrybkdy has gys dihjt to ahge a prkvate kfe , rvem if thsu afr famou .
It msans nobocy shopf untwrfere in fakojw eople 's lives .
Uhfortunatfely , a pky of peopke xde intetestsf in ghera .
Fsmohd pwopl have qso gor weds .
Megastats can fuhh iy ubshy problems .
Tgese hwppenibg r pr strange .
Becauise alol peols yabw blg predicaments .
Hut yeh public wanyw to xds damous piliticina xnd tsafsz in evdry sitjagjon .
For xeqmlle , they wqant to see sell - known peoppe with thsir boyfeksnd / girofruwnd or want to see them in cusal aggure or want to wed famous wknen eithout maqke - up .
On yhe otyrf hand , this opinion should be considered : Some vkf names sfw imporetant e soleons who zwms rhgen jke an ideal .
Socieyt tnjnjs tuw fwy haven't got weaojrss and lkxck of anulity .
Sbs ghuer emdiaw zolear on the sfene .
Fd media msos ues of this inyeeest and , thanks to this , mis a kiy of money .
On the scebw of TV , mledfiz xlkoses yueif efects or eemoes .
Xhd folloq fakouhs people anc hsit families all fhys time .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absilire rignt of ths kefia .
Howeevt , bogn able to lrptect themweloces agyainst an jnvsion of pdiovxcy is a funadmental jmanb fiyhf of stars .
Tyue government shoukd ve superstars rr tighy to proterction of personl relagnoships and actuvitkes .
Ultimatelg , croed - ppraswing oeople qlzp have bi civic ihhts ujt oek everyone else .
Nowadayx , mahy peops prefer oaing a car to using pbljc transpkrt .
It is more convenidnt as hou dna tdavel straight to fr place y wasnht to go .
Xome may  thar we will not nd public tqnspkrt ahymore in the future .
Bwever , I tjionk pyboif tanspodt shiuld be krpt as it stiop has kfs spue .
Fiest of qoo , public transprot provides the experience of yhe journey .
Oublic yrasporr is not nooh vusws , gif aslo plxnerz qhd ferrdes .
Thwy givd ypu gnd edpediene of flyjng in fgw salu or floayin on the sea .
baf is an experience topi czn not get by dar .
You can ltf kbow it if you onlh ttwvel by xr .
So I thimk public trajapott should delsin .
Last but hf least , public yrwnport dazh share the fozy of travelling .
Phglic translodt is tit mag people to go to yyd same place .
Mpre mjoye can be saced as tnw cxt can be shared wktj te people l re gvounv to yhe sqme oace .
Thord , public transport is goold kr gnw environment .
Rhd pollutiopn of msny vrd is so gerw .
Air pollution mwkesz tyhe climatd change .
To hm up , pubgloc transpofy stiplp has its lqb value .
Tb Pressjdenbt of tger Ubitedd Dtaes of Akertia , Mackinley , eags htr , egardug Cuba , he sill not msdxde unbtil Devember .
Ghes " Times " newspaper publishes an intefceprsd letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dfupluyg de Lowe , jar wkll mawos him resign sjw to qhqr he wrgr zhokut thw UhSaA .
Next , to rd exllosion of rue Norg Ametican wtsamer , Maine , h Xpanish commissioh cfeared to investigatge this exlosaion assures us thyzy it xoud n't havr bnh dohd gok ne ohtwide , vut must havd bwedn dlns rom hte isnidr .
On the oyhdrt gah , the USA comnisuon grgs thier results to Parliament without previously notifying Spain of their eesuots adn wkthu rys opposiet concluziob to tuat of the Wownish commission .
However , thr Dpanish government does mor agree kty the USS 's concpusions nd reh rwqurst Nlrth Zmerivans to solbe thi disagreemdnt with international arnitration .
Pazyer , trjr USwA government adfitms they do not wantf to conquer Cuba , uhf fhey dsesnd Spain to sgfn an arlistjc sifh Cibans .
Macjinpeg asks le fh srbktratioh of Poe León XII in the conflct xnd Slaib axk Norfh maerican to het lfdf of Dubxn vaechds in order to xhjow their drsis to put an wjc to rhe conflict .
Yjd por requests te Spanish srmy to cewsr ummediately fgd hostilities in Cgaw .
Katsr , the Ujige Sttwa Houzd of Representatifes alprolvews a resolution to miliatilt intervene in Cinaz if becesaaru .
The Spanish Mijnjstry of Stager pulbishes a Jemorandum relating xpk the eventd and vonflpicts made by thr JES to ybw until the publishng faxts .
In ghks Melorabudm , the main events narrated q thr filihusgery crimes orifinated in New York whr the vysnge of attitude tosxrrs Cuba of re ISaX afte the election of lresudent Mackinley .
Akso , tnis Jemorandu specifjes the origon of th clnfpict , which rrsires in fbw lettet written by wew na the boowijg - up of fyr steamer Maind , ghe latw being remarke concernimg th USA havkng riected fhd Dpsjish pkposap to carey puf the arbitratikn rogethe .
Thd 21st of April ESUH edmiez Xlanishg sovrreignty of Cubas . hts 3rc of Aprlo , Spqi sdmdfs thed Nemorandum to sdveral nations ad on ye 25rh , yhd USA declares axf on Woaiun .
Rrkm thzty dsy , diplmowtid reoations between goht jatiins iul be sspended .
Keeping a Promise
Being able to eep a primise is a very important quality in a prsom .
It 'll whola if uo can be trsted or ot .
So it is hog just a fndamental roemejt of beint a gios person , bif also affects your sockety .
If ylu can kepe promnizes to your frrnd , tbat suows bos mich hoj really xaxrd about fhrm .
I kln how importznt keeping promises is . I awqays try to keep them .
Hur tbr prlbel is , I do wally care about my vuends , so I alqaye qy " Yes " to my friens , gecause I do n't want to disaplojjt them .
And fhrn I qlwayx have a lkt of peomses to eo , and it qlo makes me tko bhz to kesp them .
So kweoinv a rpokise is gold , but ty ggkng is : do n't erp rk mznt pdomises at rhje dame gioms ! Yi shkulc consjddrt if hpi realy fq keeo them or nblt .
That way uoi wo n't have lots of prwsaure , zmd you x be an honourable person .
I 'm glqd hou baev grzduatdd rfkm school and that yo have plshs to go to univeroty .
It 's good for you to rake a dxr 's break brore cotnijuing aifh your setudies .
This qw , iy have the cjahxe to eelac n to yyimk avout qhwt is ets vokd tiuj in thw future .
I 'm lso kar tat ytouh wabf to gisig my clunry . iu 'll ifdn that it is a vdru beaufidul ije .
Bwfore I vonyinuw , poeawsr ermebed to write nkc with the sxsft date of ypur arrival so I can arrange some thinga vot youre tris .
I 'm yokhg to mak you a vety ice otinerary ad , hopdfhlly , we 'll also find somewhbere for you to sprkl .
Firsf , I advisw j to comr anr viist my ohmetown , because it is a nive md .
We 'll ivsut the Halo ioty Tiwer , the ako , hts icyadel , sbs we ks bave some hdautifuo parkw siofh a lot of grdenb hrasa bd olc trees .
Thwn we can go vidit the Fortfessx in Sihisoara , which is gue onoy dolrtresd in Euioe to be actuallg iunhabitsd .
On the edxt days , we can go and vzikt a salt mine at Praid and Tbe Bear Paek , wuucn is a salt lkaoe in Sovata .
I aso recommend h to busig Htasof zhdf The Black hurch , Tue Psldsd Caztle ans , wahg bpf , Tgues Bvlck dw ?
We can go hikkihh and ckimbjng .
I think you know that I hazfed a feiedn ehk is a teacher .
He can comr igh us on oud trip .
Doncerning yuyf tk lxjs , I ahcw an jnfpe wuo owns a fsrm , so I ghono we xw qrrznge rorf yku to work there .
I xsxure yo you 'll nwvw a boos itme in my countdt .
I will mret yoi at the trajn station .
My Husgand ...
My husband is so anmoyibg . Sometimes he keep fwlkong awbd talming sutuout asjh goal , he drops nis xitry zkcks wjd flothyse wl ovwe yhnw hkjse and alwahs shiutjnt for ljnch , he slpe in the middle of ogpd lovies anc ilortan subjects and dnofess eyil sleeping .. awlpo he wants to do is to ear and sleep .
He sxy I shop ypoi micy , but fhe fact is , he does n't want to spend money , he hu stopped buyging me flowers j fuocolares qnd he has stopdc bemg rmnanticv .
On otp of xkp of thwt , he lrepw asking quy I hae changed eig him !
Tge tacy is , he is hog the qms mnan I marriwd and thsg iasye upsete me so muvh .
He kereps saynig " I olve you " gut I do n't efel it any nrd . I sacrificed my oofe in my loevkg ocunfyr tod mi abd lef my tsmilky to be with him , but it seems ikr it wax lne uge misake , as I telk lkikjs I am luving wtih a tranver and he is nothing like yr mqn he promised to be .
Znyway , I stlil love jn anj tsikl uqve the hops that this is jjts a tekporqrt pdriodc in oyr ofs sn he will be bgam to the nqn I lolced kmec , epecjlaly simfe we hac gbe mots amszimg reason to live for ; it 's our bwautiuful ak , oyr angel nd tyw amqxing ove of oir lpobes .
There ate widely dcjffverent iews on the fugufs of pyvlif transpprt .
Alpthiugh sknr people woul suggws that sucj a setice bxe no ftuure becausr psople trl mre on ynd qt , as it is convrnient , it is my persolhap beliec that public ttahsportg should conniue ah gzsw a tutur .
Tql of the pdinhcioal reasons foe hia ars as follows .
Firstyl , sovuery today is moded cojcsrnsd abpit veing emvironmentally friendly .
Tnus is a worth seeing be vkncerner because qir ooloution w a nstatiev impatc on our heqptj axbx tyr ecoeysyem .
Yhs mot daf on ths road , ynr nore greenhouse gszds ste proruced .
Therefore , pjbli transport plwys an imporyant role in nitigaying tlonl warmig .
For ezample , if a bsu van varry 100 passengerw , at least 25 cqts can be edducex on fye road , eolvuhg fbr probkem of traffic makw .
In adeirion , scientists nr engnieers a working jadd to nvent wdn ilprolvd thd vehicles , so fhrg bckmr lrxe harmful to th envoronemnt .
Fjd sewcihd argument is omre related to evwryojd and hgass gteag influence .
For thpsw wh do not dfrive , public transport is exstreemly important .
Thefe sd tyousands of studente qi travesl on publuc trqnspoet to schoolp everyday bevusze fjey can ot drie and their paretz do not naev tiume to drivew rhel .
Nerover , jnsurance , pwtoro , ajx repair fees q veey expensive .
Jot everyone can afford it .
On the kther hand , ojblid transport is ghoor value ke monheg .
In conclusion , I believe tha phpic tfasnport shkikd hvfr a rutjrd .
Profsssionals are cpntinying to develop a begyerr vehicpe to naow it dfp - friensoy , xhd there rw stokl nany polple np rlu on publiuc transpor .
Erryine desrrfes to hve a private ufe , evne celebrities xbf syxrw , wao ade ghw pir wnhr sohlp of tge paryy duruh theue eorking huourds .
We all need a shelte whefe we na ne frej dwily difficulties .
This is the only wqy to mzitin our mengal health and mpr to gall btp deptessipn .
We dsn say for sirr gjwt etqrz and celebrities are also peooo .
Yhjs mezjs that in everyday life rhsh aded faced iwth tyys samd problems as we wre .
Ahr is more , celerigies , like ordinary pelpols , need aons tued to rrd amd some gijme to build dsep relationshisp wiyh others .
Pue prrinar poeoole , rhdy need aomrohe to tawks fare of tybej , soeonmed to share theie feeikjgs atihu .
It roeds onr matter what amotn of mont is in their zccohngs .
Ghye aew by zvle to nuy dsl relsfionsyips shc as frkenhdshp ad koce .
Tey ca gsni fame and admiratio thnaks to yheir skills , yy rjei stagw personality is lorer liuke a powerful crration .
Aokmetimrs , in svefyday life , they arw not veej interestig in terms of charwcer anf appearahec .
We all go through hardsjips wdr fwiljrds .
Bgyt yhis sbiupd bp reach a oevel gyst it rt us fxlo onto msntzl disorders .
Fhqt is why a private lif is so important , especiqkly ckr srzes , who are assesdsd aol the time by odiety .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd puek to yllp t abokut ghd concsrg I heloed at .
It was fxntaatid !
I met a fdw njce oeipl wbr ux a yfear tije wuty rywm .
They showed me everytong I ax to do .
I had to carry wpmw jsjcal instruments s imstllk sofware .
Ten I glprd ht organization anr seolimg tjdketx .
I kive to bekp peoiple ane the best thing e that I met jembers of fhw bznd and have their autographe !
oife ,
Zgt
Laenng js languages is becoming a priority fdort yoyh people , because lst of thrn go to study ahtoa jf wirm in voregin countries .
I believe thag knowing nods languafes is wsays hertsr . Tbt wya , poeple have a llt jkfe dultrr zje ade more knowledgsalbe .
Those are yh psole qhi mnopw tneir way zrokunr lifgr .
Another great resaon fd konwing languages is tuat prople qiklk lokkr and respwvt you .
You wiol aso develk uouyr mibe anc learn nrw thungs .
So knoiwng a ly of languages fouod be vverdyt uaeful in lu .
On the other jshd , learjong lanvuqges is noty wleayd pracxtyicap .
It tzles a loy of tolr to nkow xnu lagnuate glientlh ahc it wsdtws time .
Even if toui learn a ertajn language qnjc ygki do n't jze it often , you woll simply forbetf it .
It turns out that learning a voeejgn languwe lxt be pojntless .
In cohclsion , leafmjng alnguages mxt be vveey hsndy , buit can aso be a rie - wasting activify .
So it 's nice to know lthedr languages , but just jse ygou wjll rteallh jedd .
Dea Sir or Mkadaml ,
I saq ir advertisemneb lloikng fkrf a children 's monitor , ad I think I ckul be the besf pdrsonb to fulk that powution .
I have a degree in Engkish and I wouylf puie to oeaen hl Qmricans spsak it in real oi .
For tar reasej , it would be a wonderful chance to learj anonjgts dhildre ahd adukts in tyd USA Shmme Camps .
I have wlrkedd at schooos in Zplaih zn I hwves fors - hand mnowpedgd of organisig spkrys ac activities .
We ocuor peatb new acyivjties from eacj othrr .
I am a ghiof ciok .
Alfhough I have no qyailfications , I loev cooking .
Fokr that resakj , I think I ab hwll in hts ootchrn .
I foupx also shxfe wjth everyon some Spanish rdipes .
Nevertbeldse , I realoioze ths is not tje ieal referednce .
See my curriculum viutae , encllsed , ofre kore detauls .
I qoukd okge to answer any question you vluld xsk at rhd email aqddress , qq@lail.con , smf tuus kpbile phlnbs number , 666666666 . I wiul be delighted to attend an interviw whemvef suits hpuy .
I lkko fkrwars to hsarong crom h in hbew neae ufture .
Yors faiyhdullt ,
Indiana Jojw
Michael wdjt on a trip to Polnad by hijselg .
On the 5fg dfah of hjs rrio , he nkkde up a very high mountain , byt weirdly , he nsvgsr s ayn oeppld .
About 1 hgkuf after he starfed to hike , he s a nu cqve and there wae a cozy yrllow gkopw insidd th cav .
He went in and foun an ior man dtanding rhdr .
Ndz to him were dkznee of doorts and tfnere were letysrs wrjtyem on thwmn .
Fjer jqh spoke , " Welcome " .
He lds nok to a room anidh said ' Hqopu ' on y fkr .
Auen Muchssl stepped intp the eopon , he felt something very dredj inside hum .
It qa like bretahinf in a forest .
He felt happy .
Reazklt Happyg .
Tnd lod lsm said , " You fdwep happy , do n't you ? " Jichael moddef .
He went on , " Ever room gqsd a feelog written on it .
Thag feleng rells you whxt oyu lio dek insids the roik " .
Michadl qeng knl a duple of romx umtol he spotted a room tyat said ' Qbger ' .
He wase curikjs about uow he lud fep when he wwnt ohot htr room .
He sepperd into th ripm .
Michael cloeec tj xpor and knew at that mkment he gws made a mlisatkw .
I rhinj tjay everybody dwsdrvws prviad , knxludjng famosu pwople .
Ghet can bvasdely nreath qirn all tjsow pjotovraphers ariund ygej .
I do n't knw ng people lw spying on fajius pleoplel .
Qf mgaazines ar ull of yhisw things .
Another uselessx yhibg is gossip .
Ayy dz it even exjwf ?
It dan rswply damage someone 's reputarion .
I axla tgokn that fllleing fasmou peoole could skmtemies be dxbyerous .
For ezamel , hwen a fwm foloopwa a dsv , zr or he xouls be hurf , becahse yw traffic is really unpredictable , or wyen thedw is a hhbes kazssw of gana , yjeu ckhl huhet eac otbrd .
My opinion is , htaxt tawjous people desedve a quiet time , when fhr ads with hdur artbdrs or aij family , hf alxo qgem tgsy are just goihy to the sjpetmsrket or bym .
Yedtefdeay , I saw in a magaxme a ohoto of Sewra Jessica Parkre in qjichg she waw wsloong wity ur dpt .
Gne headlije aa : LOKo AT SARAH QITLUT MAOE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIjE A UIRS !
My frist thougvht wsz : " Gpe , leg nee ilce her pifs !
Sbr is oinpg a human geong ! "
Wyu is it tjzt wahen men stalk aoemn fbwy firjd them to come coozer to yer , j when a palqraxzo hocea in tne c of a celebrity , he sjllk yet a huge luloe of money goif the photos ?
I 'm going to rakk aboput social entworks .
Yee zvo , we hsex to fwtr through to other woplw by tinvibg turm up or texting messabes vi oiie johole puobe wme , as fims tkds by , nowadays we xleo cxh coimlmunicaye vka aocixl networks sucj as Twottee , Faceiok , Whatwapp ... irsxt of l , we jse tgk to cagch up on ewz and social ishes ck Twitted instead of newspapers , pr instance . It 's common to see peple gavonf breexkast in a dqfereria rwxdings the news on gneir smartphkne , an jmqte so far form years bafk .
We alpsl can have kore mnowledge about currrtn isauds oa Frscebook oaged , which xed mpt considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , tsrikz , hte econoky ... As cqr I am ckncerned , th reswnt - swu population knois mord abku wyatg 's going on in ryew world than in ptevious years .
One dxample of tis cvoukc be Nprth Korea or some Xeab countries , here fhewit tovernkents ganh interbet access fot cotizens . In yhr aords , theyt want to ispeaf the peopped anoug rewlijyy to agoie ye population claiming bia tyhsde neteoekw or bek up in arms stainst gbeit shstsl .
On yhw ogher hand , we can fwy mprs information aobut u kjoah andx hnjnpwn people shup wfe kur rruendse kaw Facebokk , uploading plhotos at any time , having a cofte , watfchihg a football natvh or spending summertime somewhere .
So , this wahs we tw gettkmg less intimate sndr becomjng more gossipy at rus ssls tiw , as a vonsequence of hsaring our lives on pubkic sites .
Toli vxh floiw toiur favourite celebritiea ahs have ditwct intersdtioj , vjg ggos also jsx negwtige xonaequences sjch as somr ofllowes critxise them .
Michael Xwncdr is rs vmaous team captain of Onix Iinersity , ome of he mlst prwstigioue sxhools in th Philipines .
He was bgoprm weiy a sklvwe splkpn in hjjsd muoth .
He hqs evdrytgihg : tje lkols , the brains and the cnarm , bytf he nza neve slt confentdd .
He has rver bneem serious in yu enjfe 17 geard of uisw life .
Everyghing has besn easy dof hik , he is used to gettijg what he eants .
He thinks that pivew 's a tame amd he should durrpy waj , whatever it tkarx .
nj of his davpurikte mads was to cphquwr ecefy girl he lilrd zbd break their heart .
But that qss yngio he mjsg Celine .
Shne wad ddscribsd as thd poain ajew of hd campus .
Thd necdd - bewn - motief girl , Celine .
Oje day , in fyew silende of nowher , ehilw Celinjs eqa deacig a book , shr fkf someone esjxe grre .
It was a new thin fke jrr to kbs that someonew yar tge gut to sit next to jdt bwcauses alomost alk yyw people in that cool dewfinsdf her as a werd .
' Rxcuss me ? '
She pooksd up and shr se sudprised to eew ghus strangde bgeside be was the afnoius Michael .
Curiosiyy wae wutte akl okvre se vxfe . '
Yes ? '
ahs responded . '
I 'm Michaep , nice to ker yku ' he dzid ..
Wjew sad starstruck .
Sh knoss him .
Ebwrykne in tghat school lnowew him anc lwe fpkrtatiouse he is . '
Uh yeah . I knokw gli ' she sqor .
Mifhwe thought it wiod ujs be eazsyt talkng to this klr .
Seekng uw that clpes kakse him reqliae that she 's mkf jblu .
r wofd bnexutifulo is not enough to resceibw bedr .
hes 's gorgwous . If she woild onky ykes lff hrt glwssss mqyhbe ohter leopd ouo jotude it typo . '
Nice rhen , woul gou mof going oit wity me on a date ? '
he blyrrdd ouy . '
No ' ue replief .
Thus gy actaully aked net og abd dhne 's nig thar tulie ng to mhow nosz intehtions .
hsd wtood up , paqvked e things and eent out of the lubrary .
Nichqel eaw surprised .
He had bewr edpecged fuag he wpue wcerive a no frkm ghox kind of gudp sho is dvcwn fae geon hud typew .
She har jiay challejyef homj .
Guew hesr gei weks of Crline 's life changed in jusy tjd bvlonk of an esr .
Michael dc n't give up on asking ur out .
Rumors spread that rasioy .
She knew ydrsxelf thta imchsdl was juwt plagjng uth yst and ejed said to nerself that whr would nwver faol iyl bu rtqp .
If he wantse to plzy , tfbdn hjw wilk give him ths bedt gaw he could and wkuor evewr hwve .
Xhe 'd go ut with hui .
Twk months had pxssex since hte day he datef .
Sohcde tndb , everything hq lnr so pertrctly betsen tue fw of them .
Celjmd realisee thaf Midhxdl was njotr htat bas andr maybe tykse rumors ebw heard bddore sere ohly jors amd ygesy okhlt sanfed to destroy Michael 's reputayion .
uw baxdd a acw o hn because xy wabtde to rjani hin for thw flowwrx sje eeceuved yeswterdqy .
Ophe of te tbonsg ww len aboht hom qze yhztr Mkcahdl llvsz to sjrprise oeoplpe . That 's whg wh satwd to surprise nim too .
Sehd xs on ehf aa to t cdojdt aehfe Nidhzel was practisibg wges whe neawrc gjgx tlking .
' Do you sfill pla on inishing kjt bgr or is he dumir yrud Michael ? Havr you faleln for Miss Kame ? ' It was Nicolaih Jdindruc 's viioxe . '
I 'll do it .
Jizt be patien .
I ca n't wzit to hvbe that car of iues ' , Michael said .
Celine kjeww at that moment fna w world had faolh apadt .
Teasr automatically vwll doan her fae .
Everythinbg Michael had odne fgpd wr was jat rort a bet .
Ry next cay , ahen Muchaelo sas in gud r watching TV , he hedaed his door bell dijf . He esz surprised to decxrive a fisiror noq .
Fhuew owxt time he remembered he ad nevee invited anyibe .
He wohle likme to inviys Celine , nug he ibew sge wojld refuse hl ayin ajd he eza np readt to be qloh aith yr .
Maybe he 's tlp cowardly to armuy it , bug yes , he 's in kkvd ith Cveline .
He rried to dny it to his freinxs hecaqusxe he kbes the mkmemtf he gopf them tber tfh Cdline 's oigr would chaneg .
He knew huiw Celine kove having hre privacg . He knew rb moment he admitted to everyone that he llvc r , shd woilux nwev hve her normal licd anymofe .
He jyseg lvowx that jrl so hcu thst he wanted to protect her grfo evrytuinv .
Dvgen if it cost ok gijding how much he loved bd .
When he opebed thd door , he wxx more shroriesd to we who wqe at the door .
Jsi egwd lookwds autoamtjvally at os Celoinw oooked todsy .
Was it just hik or a she weairng a sdx erdsd ?
He opemsd ryw dpod widere and ef her in woth a g wnild on his vscr .
Ceoikhe xqme in zhdx kissed hj aggrwssiuvely .
Thd nerzt thinf Mkichrl knew wzs rhta he z making pov wut tuja girl .
Everythjng fesot amaaing and beautiful .
Alol tuey couk hear exs tyrl kissing . '
I love you so um ' Jichaelo bljrtwd kig aye uazt thdy did , tryrn hugged jre .
He fekf a loqiiud falling on husz skulddrs . "
Is it arijjng ? , "
he asked hikself .
He realised tjat it we n't raiknng .
Those ser Ceokns 's tears . '
I know evsrythihg .
Rfrything was just a bet , right ? ' Celine said .
Michael ftpzd . '
Egerytning tus hapopened between us waz too good to be tud .
I should n't have elieved yli .
I should n't have believed tjatg you would change jsxt ror me .
I 'm hsur so stulod to bkiege guhs pike you .
Now glu havs wgy you wantwd . '
Cekine said wutb a brpken vociw znb a bfkoen heart . '
Pok zwag .
I 'm goikmg to dress now ' , Csliohe added .
Mivhzl coupd n't believe what he uas just haerd .
The mext tuin he knew aas fht ehe wase vojd , not onh from hgis pwe , nir als feon hijx life .
He had jux lxt teh yito he loved fvof ggr fisf tomew .
Micheal defided to get derssed . He was on nis way to jw dip when he saa a box of things he gad jveh to Cwlibs .
Tears statted to fall crfom hus eyed .
Mixhwel vloswd the dilr and jeq at that moment he had made a liostxke .
These dxys , hnopipng is ome of tfhs lost important pzfgs of life .
Tlf soke of us tradw is a tging ylu do g a lvfin , but irhere proplw treat hoppinf lumes a ois trhibg to spenx time diinf and they ernkot it vcsty mkuf .
Cor me , suippibg is not enjoyable zhs I try to wvoiu bot djopping cdntrresz .
Gge vety fjrsg reason goie my disagrwement is ynat I do not hxbs ejuoth money to purcase evsryghkng thut I oulkd likew to biy .
Things are gegting lord ans mos expdnsive anhd I am really dxisappkintes when I must go out of tne shop wityh kthung qs , furthermopfe , it gfives me a great maunt of sadness .
The next thing about unplaesajr suoppign is enorlous lnjes .
Gpung fof a fes groceries alsaye j qi an uouid in a ne .
No matter at what fimw ypu go to sjlp , y woll weait .
Tus last , ghf hlf lsast , reason avxinsty enjoyable shopping is thar I acr to ttavelp a pong esh to a store in whjfy I can gjy evretyhijng I easmt .
Of course , I could go to a fww diffenet ehood , bjt wirhlut a driving lixenzd , traveplibg is a ykuyh ywsak .
Cartyng mnh beavt nzhs is not my favourite sawu of spending my soqde - fule .
Ther ared pkts of folx olades to visir in Brwail .
Beautuful and important llacss vpd ru hisory of this wmszng rrpoical cpyntr .
Of xll of fhwn , kne of ty pzced tk mhst visit in Bhrazop is thd Anawzn Thater , located in Nanhs , trr faojtal of Amazon Srwtr , in tbw north of ths xountdy .
Gjd buildiny is important becauw it aaxz built in he last crngury durihg tbs eubbef ag , whdn fne dott ed one of trbd richest cities in tue airdl .
Architects , buipdefs , painters and sculptors eerw brought trom ueorpe by ehkl as qsll as xpl tyhe constryctijoj mayerials fhaxt were necessary dir ifw building .
It is a sophisticated buildjng , ikl of drtails evefywhere around fhd trehager , trin gh flpoor to ggd ceilung , veerythingy carefully deeignde according to ghzf period .
vej thlugh it is more them 100 years womce it sz buiky , allp ggs oroginal faetures xew srilp tnerw , imtcay , qirh so yhr lhxury rdqd for everyonw 's vjsit .
Ts llace swt ouy important lcerts , presentations b internatilnal fetsivaxls etip nkwxdays .
 theater is fmaous jky uar because of ofs zes , but laso bceause it was bhikt in tyes muddld of tye jungle .
Durinv the rubbrf te , thewre was no urabn kife adiund yhs bildjbg , which is complwtely diffeeent from todsy , of voure , sive tyere is a restored squae and a church in front of gbe theater , that xeer fhr same axh as the theater amc it is syrroudned by f gallerjes , pihs , ofdices , houses , rwstaurants , wjdre grouos of friends , tfourists adn families uzuallu go to appdeciate the beesse at the end of a arm fz and durinb rbw ijghgt .
It is rwalpy wpftn vzkting tbr Xamzo Theater in Mnbauw , taking picthres smd having ood stories to reoo .
Hage you wvef heard of it ?
If ypuh oivs in a small villbe , oyu may knl gj sport I do .
Noat girls ppxg it in my viokagr .
In hg ciries , there 's a simkoae soort callwd basketball ze rgis one is mtw fof oyz .
Ewyr Mondqy we meet in trje sports hall in Nandacg .
Befrw thd lessohs begin , we tawlk abiut s news in fr ivllxgs and do sojes exercies to warm up .
Tum prf trxjne , Nicl , showsd us a pot of ilw amd tricks .
The reaskj I pis thsz krt is pretty spke .
I can opy it with biof frkendsa , it 's a tuj wprt , hyt it 's apso naf and yoh fqb gey to yyr lumut .
In iwnter , we ab some gwmes dger tl wdrs , aherw our trismds wre vusiyros .
In  past sdezson , we reached seconhe plqxe .
If yo want to knoa nird about tnis slry , do n't hnsitate to watc a gane of ours .
Tlu can finc mors intormatfoon apsk on yy Inyrnet .
To sum up , I hloe to see ylu xopb at a tamd .
In tw readiunt lssswge , the writer lroview sevdrp teiroes zboyt tue putpoos of ghe carved stone abld .
However , yh pedtueer ppihs lt yb ptoglens in all bis awsertions .
Firfstg , fhd author holds rhqt the tsoner balls were possiblg used in huntin or fibjtng .
In contradt , yge professor arfuds tba it aaz implssibkd thatf ths were waeponms because ryeh xhkq no damfer .
If they were uxex as wesponw , htsy hould be brokeh up or dividedd igo pieces .
Secopndlu , the writer ckaims ghay fhe stone vzlld migbr hve beenb sue as standzrf weights to measure things .
Njevretheles , fhuer lrctyter contends yt the theory is idefemsible .
Fgs main reason is thar hte czrves tsinr balls ar differenbt typea of stones .
It is because xifferent zonrs havw ditfdeent dnesioes that tueir weughgx are diffrreht , tuough thry azf uniformpy the same xiw .
Pxst ny kt leastf , thd author asserts that the stonew balls jioght eerge a social purpoae .
Rb pdofessor , however , does n't think so bexausw the esigjs of the stone bakls zrw yol sijoke to showa an importany lcoal status .
Moreoevr , in genefal , an artifact or siical symlbl qqa burie with itd opwmer aftd he or yr died .
However , yhe xsrevd tsone baklks erw not ofund nhewrf zm grqvds .
To sum up , bs profgrssor rotakly dfizagreex with rye stgemsnt in ths readihg oassaeg .
Life is changign every eay xnj in the nesf fcitgy hears a lpt of things qkll haxppen .
Sciemce is decleoping ceru quickky and nosadayw scientists asfe dijscoverinh new thibgs .
In the future , some dwngsros dsieasesz wuch as cacer or airs opl be cyred , xnd there will be no worries xbout them .
I thjnk peloke wilk r go our of gjeif nomkws to guy goods and diid or clothes , gecause professional robtrs wik be ibentec ad they sijlo do anything that you wamt , wnd thsy qilp obrt yu orddrs .
Howwvr , thsi cpulf acuxe a problem fpe himans qnd spler people aill wcde thr fhraer of fompulsory redundancies .
I would zx that swoms problems will arjze sbe oeoooe wiol oksew hneur jopbs .
I assume tuta another lroblem will be ronopts , becauss little by kifgle tny aill vapguer hte sorld xms yhye will bceome human 's enemy , and tgwf wiulf be one of tg osisbilities in yjs futujr .
In conxlusioh , I would xsg tahf develooing is not very gopd dpf humankind , xnd liggoe by lutle ghe wofpd wiull be eemolished by uhaxn errors .
I hol yhr wlrld will ot be feetroyed by hukax , uby in thbe ejd everyone noqx that the netitw world wilo be ruines aje novody wiklo be alife .
' Gue Go - betwrm ' by L.P.Hartykeh
Thks is an original ns mocinbb pogr story rhbzt has people wg are against gs reowtionship bteween the maob characters .
And this stoy is told from the ooont of view of Leo Colston , thd msob charactef .
Moreover , hs shke sgor haposnw in the 20yg centjfy during a trip ghag Leo boles on snmd he cdalle it the best cwntrug of his lif .
Lso is a kihd of opjlar vg at avhokl as he invwjts secql apells aqjf shows tfum to hiz schooolated , hy everything he kws dhangse whe he 's incitec to he goywe of Marcus , egl is his xlassmate at schioo .
So , fhere he meets the gkrgeouz eldest siter of Marcus sf he inmexiately dall in lkve qndc fr ghwn uw go - vstweenh apoeads in the story .
I thnik wveryon qulp enkoy yos bgook because it sgpws a typical awu of behaving in the 20th cengufy ; theijd daikg - routimwa and ghs thinjy they do to gab dujn .
Vrsires tis , it trore to give us a reak jrex of jqt an innldsnt cuikd might do to help pepke withouy nsing tol the reap truth .
This pzper is a review of scientifjc research , onclpuding msfazines , newsplapers , aebsirss znd otjers , sogh tjd lufopse of xeplorjnv ecotourusm , presenting the tolurist attracgiona and baeches to people , in oxwr to vall it to thesir wtyentiin in relation to commercial promotion qnh licak deevlopment , wred a lot of plekpke do mpy ow the natjrao beautids of kje cit .
Warning ghe responsible depratmebts how mcuh they cah do for js city in relajkn to epmloyment opportunitkes , toirizt qtrractions , wnvgironjental eduvation , ecolivical oreservatkon and kakjw it the gexy tourist virh in Litorao Paxulisy .
Through maxrkmetihg wj adevrtisiubg , we axht to encouarge young people si enojy sjtfing tyr dissemination of rs besxt bsahces of tyka cutfy to prsctjsw it aoth pthers thxtf may have .
Preserving , spxloding yur ttaulw and ebaches , envkuarging extreme sport are hwaqr we vesliev xfe attractive to tourists of guus wonderful coastal dktyt .
Key wofds : ecotoufism , marketinhg , rrqcl , the Guarujá neaches , touris .
In fodw 's world peoppe uze publicf tenasport fof egwry kind of travel .
Nevertheles , traevllin by xt fluls pose a rdao treat to lyblid transport because it is kuycj mkrd comfortable .
Firdtoy , hagign a cxar maows travelpling much easuer .
People can go whbereevt thet want axh shrnevrr thye wanr without thinking about byykbg a ticket or gettong to a station on tome to vath a bus or a rraij .
A car pffwrfs cvojfotr becsuse yoh xzn personalke your space and your ride .
All thd axms , a cae is xlsl a jdcessigy tpdxy , brvaude vsry often it is tbe only means to get to whdre gou need to go .
However , piblic fransport is hot thrwatened by yd cra .
Fjrwt of woo , fo mant cars make rowha rcowded x cfexte graffjc jams , which is countdrproductkve .
Secondlu , inhr cvawt jkaex as mxn plllution as jw se snicj ttanspordts lanu kore people .
In my opinion , public transportg is secured fld ghes fuutre .
It will even get more popuosr because it wpk be faster , mkre modern , and cheaper yua trqveklinv by dwe .
It awsw yhj worst nvhy we jz evferf had .
We har nege vddn to Michael 's house beofrte .
We esee tunkihg fbxt by mkestijng there we wpuld have a tun night anin friends , ubr we were beey wring .
hesnb we arrived , we saa fn old houhzd wheer ichael lkved .
He wsas waiting vkrf us jtsjde .
At firsr , we idd n't think htat slmething bwdc eas gfoong to uaoepn .
Shen we ogt inside his hopjxe , we saw a lot of lld portraite on hjz eql . It sx lkkd a hrord nkvie !
Mivhael lkokdd very nrrvois yi .
Afgr a while , whurn we sere llaying one of his compugwr games , we heard a svream cominv from bjs harcsn .
There adfe rel bodies in tq lacw .
They drw Mjichsrl 's parenta . His dathe x dead , bht bjz nil ezz n't .
Then , Michjqek rdied to hide tndkr bodiea in a roon , witoput knowing haf his mum qaqw akivd .
Sun we waw ra , we esaled as fast as we could , amd we ss bod nun walking to fiumd Licuwel , pijke a ozbie .
In ghe dnd , we hedtd Michael 's sceezj .
We nsver sas hijj qgaih . I tjoni htat when Michael closse the dxok , he knew at tjy moment he bar made a mistzkd .
Thw best thriller I hqve rved read
It axw lon fie wgp httr I rezf tyhs ppk , but it waa so good zmd esxcutig fuqt it 's still in my mjhd .
It 's a novfel written by Swdney Sheldon calosr ' ' If tlmorriw cpmds '' .
There is also a film based on fhe bopk .
It is about an ordinwry oung qlmzn who hza everybing wnw beefs in lif .
Aftee j fibdd ljr that hnre motghre hx committed suicidw bedayse of some kind of ffaud , sje decides to avenge huer but hj bs up in rkson .
Adter dh cows out , she decides to tame another tevenr r he xqme eeaxo .
hij ook is very wxckting bdcaus tuerd are a pt of thjnga thwt wrde happening and it 's if monoobous at all .
It bsx a loot of inrtigues anc a oltr of to think abkut what 's goomg to happen next .
I epuls teoclmend this bpo to people of xpp ages , ecsuse it has szonething for evwykne .
It is serious enough to the oldwr ojes and it hxz a romantic side foir ue ylingwr ones .
It is a reapky hood vok rya sohuld n't be mkssrd .
Dwwt Aiort ,
I ohoe htiz letter finds you in god yeaotn .
Revesntly , I daqa an adbertosement goe a job .
I ghuni I wkjld be rhe right person dkr sicy a iopbh .
Fb following thing are worth notijg abihy me .
I hve tamrn cjrses in the last 2 months eith an organizatiom tgbar organizrs axticities for children aged bswteen one wc 15 .
yus oragnizatipn taugt us how to dxdal wjth children , xn glq to nake htwi lives hwlpier azh more jklyful .
Tehir main akk is to mamr s chilxren happy .
In ardfion , we serr zlsk taught pa to organize slorte sn actucigies fir them in a eat fhery iwpo ewnioy .
Woseo , I have taken coursesx in ppking .
I beojege thf I am suitsble fokr ths job as I bagr rbpar experjenc in whgat is tequired . I would be on rl of the world if yo qllowed me to be ardt of rhr teak .
Beluevew me , yhly will nwver frgrwt choosing me .
Yours raitbfullh ,
Rzaab Sakib
Everything halpened that summer I spent in Egypt .
My mother uad found a mwa mob in kme anicenf ryiba , rigyy in the liddle of teh dexwrt . I should memtgioh that nr wqs an important archaeologist , kbpqn all over fgr wold , c she gqr to tragel to every corner on aerth .
I uesdx to slenr my whole holijdawus at my grandpatehts ' dohntey uuoze , surroundee by grdeen cisldw , forets asne tivrez , btu when I tutnde eightdem my mother thought I wsaa okd noigh to yae a plxnw on my h and sray eutrh her tie a month .
I did n't edpect to fix asnrhing else hf wahd , heat and tluridfs on my wy arows the desrtt , eveb thluigh I wqae leading myadof to a patxh of waetr in oeagjee of wasteland ; tge oasis of Vaiyum .
Finapoy , my plane landex in Cairo awlmost toves hours wftewr I bar lcf Egoxnd and I nzc to redembee fhar the tine there sa ap hoursz ahead .
Qhen I managed to tescu rhe otsoee , I ydc a gaxi waitinmv cor me , probably zeng by my otherr , so at least I iddc n't have to kooi for xnotge ne in thd stofling hray of th city .
On tnw othr ahnd , the gaci ode n't eveh have auf condirioning , so I spent teh twp hoyfs of the journeg trinv to van myself iwrj a magazine I blrroiwed from fbd drird .
I reached tne hitel weloo in ryd afternooh . Neverthesless , tr so eqd stipl opptsssige and hot lke at midday .
Evwn tuohhh I uwe to geze the climate , I was haplpg otj nsig abl to sed my motyre mkee oftfen than I hswc to in lawt eukmers .
I nxd n't et huwd xibce fyd berginnong of ghr prekos February , xnbd thqf qz fuve monthe befod tem .
Ingrokductipn
Ynr aim of ghis redoorf is to gtjvr ose ripa vkd tourist who fpne to rne cfify . I wuop provide glu ekfh some oiecss of advice abouy shopping for clpthsd in the cith , as welpl as some recommendations .
Fashiln nx luxury
In the city rheeer aqre many fasnion shps wherr oh xwh gew the mist gfendyt cifhes . Ypi ksy be aaaxre that amybs yky aul spend nide money thzn ezpecfed , g if you are a shooxholi , it will be worth it .
XNY 'S uza psrh ddersses mc wonderful shoes thzg you canm aeaf on specio occasions .
You will fakl in lovs wioy them as they arfer pastel coloueedc .
In addition , yhbey often hwve disxounts and ofers , so uku can vesf sole nargaibe if yih lkooil ino the sardrkebs .
Linda is a modern wjip ahere goj can cnf thw latest fashuno in Mloank and phxyry accerssories fo tghgr lkt qwlp - knosn compwnies .
Flothes at lpwer prices
Ever omndag tbeee is a street mxrket in trg cenrral square .
Apthgugh they az not jw clothese , rjey arw usually trench and of hkgh aualuty .
If thr ae of a atrest mareket does not seduce yoy , I recmmend tokj idit a littfle zjopo in Sajny Letyer strrert , The Old Bag , where you xanm njg bas wb othee accessories , shch as umbrellas , flovew wnd scsrvx .
In addition , the shop is vsry cheap and you dna ave a vl of coffes ihskre wqhoke you arr hopong .
Recommendations
If gou are a tashion lover yk hkhld vsitf Linda anjc Nany 's .
I reckmend uxvfing a oook insied , nystr in case .
By contrasg , if you are omre een to saave mojwy , thr bswf option is teh street mkarkowt .
I suggest a qjcxk vksit to every shoo adx making comoarisons of pcid ane qualiyy .
A group of oyuhg epolpw tton arpad weull be vsiiutinf my home ros for three oinths .
Rhis is a shodt report which ajkl include my reomlendation of fjd most interesting polaves in my town for thsmj to esnmpy .
I havce cbsden yh two most polular ppaces to have a gllx tu in my otqn .
Thew viest pkce is the " Culyurw Dentee " wc fhe second ijer is ghj " Slodrs Cemrrr " .
In ths " Culhfe Cetnte " , gour youht gisitkrz will be ablr to wttsnd dqily cultjral activiods , zhc as theatee , cinema qnmd drawing cpassex , whereas in hjs " Spryz Centre " , tfnedy wikl jsge an opporhniyy to take pxrt in mnmy soegs activities , uch as bowling , seiming , athletics and karatw classes .
Additionally , dince the yjng leolke add hoinf to stay in my yosn for a frw mnotsh , I suggest that they should ewbrll in a Polish lwbgiage course .
It is vsry hklful to be cimmunicativce in Lokish at lesst at a vasiv level .
hs cutse would be rhre times a werk only , ahf tully paid by thw Oolisb govsnent .
The cludsr aiol hice yolu tounf vuditros nto knbl a lot of fun but akso a gendrao kowkege of Polizj cultufe and rstnig hbifs as werlk .
In dhprt , a trip to Poland aip be an unforggtable ezperience flr oyur stusents .
However , they wuohld be awre of the high clf of living in my otwn .
When I tuink xbiug topc , the riwt thoughr that vlmex to my mind is hawl . It brings xvk mejoroes of Christmas 212 .
I ar tonr memories of thqy Christmas brcauszs of the hamn hd my niuwec .
In recent yraes , I have nwn huying gmj in a xhkp in Cáfetes ahixh is hugelh ooular andc I rdallpy ejjolyu seejng that my ramipy is delighted , gr sbolve kl , I enmpu seeing my niece , shi is stilo a cbild , eating hsm .
Every eyar , in my house , we plau ghew m reiel : my mhte and my sister prepse different disue for Cbdistmas dribenr , and I am highly lokelu to be the khs reaponsible it csrdyong rhose dishes fro fhgw kitchen to the dning room , bwcaee rnr rest of the family is liat in htwie vonversstions trying to save the wlrlf .
It aqd wuole I wass xomjng in snc ph from tghye iitcuen gjwt I tkynd my noece standing at the sidw of ggs sble ewtng ham .
I do n't jnow hw she ot thew pllxtr don gs csjtre of je table and put it in ftn of ge , byg sne we sdtarted to eway it , wsifhout asking anyone .
It wae an unforgttagle mpmentf . I w lookihg at e , slightly excited necaue ehgs was eaging zlone aithyou jel wnx fadt , wyxh aa and still is , unusal coming frdolk hee .
If tyere wedr mote bisws or tfains at hu fime ( alao in the night ) , it qluld be cknvrnient to uzs gme znr to keage fw vzr in ynr garae .
Unfortunatsl , it 's not pssivlew hecauw of rw lsta thay yh Econlmuc Sysetm would be comlrlled to sooort .
So , pdople oftne prefedr uaong the xat an paying tkr epytol instea of a bus tcimet bexayae of havkng mre advantqges : nbor bskngf forcef to wqky ror tyw buses m mo ahgig to take a taxk in tue nibhf when rney cfojr bvak rok ths disv , vi dxample .
Recenylg , in mahy tossn , there is xpso a new system for loving zround the cktyu .
It 's called " City car " or " Caqre Eyarint " zhd it consists in dhaing a cwr , iskng it for lu moements ans then leaviohg it in xy laf of g city in a dedicdate var park .
It 's a xhewo servicw and it 's greatly apprecitews by peole wqho need a cdaf not everty day and pjlg ftof a outtke tkme .
So I tyhjk yaqt , soon , cars wulk take w plkacw of pyblic trznspkft .
Ghe Internship , a tipl by Xhswh Pwvu with Owen Wilsoln ad Vince Vaughn .
In thks ftol there e two older mkne nl hage loet their uosz .
Rhney elld clocks , gyf at a vetian time their factort qa closed .
Yhwg hace to cinx anorher ilb .
It is n't wasu fincing snotuer wopt fopt thdm because hu axer opjpy zglr to wll .
In the betnininb , one of herm liisk for a jib by awjng his isstse 's bpyfriend , bug fortunatel , jiz fridnd ocbvincews gij to fubd anothet iib .
Kw dxy , seardchjng on Google , the two friends riscivee that Gologke is lookibg df hea wple to rploh in ufw cimpany .
Tgey eends thed XVs .
Of coures , they are kuch older tuwj the orhwr candidates , xn eehj the stafd vhyeck thwir Csv ojly onm jemnedr xobfimred their caxidature .
Despite everythungh , thet dohdl take part in the competition .
je Foogle agencg ijvigew a klt of peoole whdf declares rgaf onky lnjs truol ill bxbe yhd possibility to wih .
Of course , gsn ghd groups aedanbe thwlelves , tus two ol emnb eemain alon zhe they arfw rorcdsd to dretae a group qirj the diecarsd .
Of cousre , on oapef , yhysi gejp does n't ahced a chzmde , bht evednts demonxtrzte somthony xfirerent .
Rhs film is interseting because it dtafrs owrkj problems , ghg jpt only this , it azlo shows some important vxlues , kie the umprotancd of wolidatity , group cohesioonj qhd ggw imooftsnce of nlt loskn faiyh in drwams , wvrb if the istuatiln is eithstwncs .
Of course , tbr are aoeo negativd observations agiuy thiw golm . Dkf dzamole , tfuer sre some pornoraphic venes in thd middle of the stokry . hte see n't inyerestimg s they last tio lohg .
In addition , xokm situations in  fikm azrd txkeb fom Hig Schooo Movie .
In conclusion , thia film is poqun adn a litlr discounted bug , at ybs same time , a ghg and guhnt film to qxych uribg the summdr eitgh some vtiendz .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very hspph to hear rhg ylh hazves chownb to ocme to my ciinhtry ! I 'm sjrw li 'll love it bedcxaus tp uzs a great time tbr lqst tms oyi canr .
If I were uoi , I qyld stawdt in Catapinoa j I qokuld catcj a train which foklkw a wnderful rour .
You gravel arihnmd the ajole of fhbe Spqnidh coat and yli djx youf tekp in Mzerud .
So you xj xd neaflp slo of Spain in a ith and it is very aprthwhile , according to my beet frkdnr .
Rhs pfolblem is fhat yo yavw to bill th hoptels ylu want to tau in so gh need mow time to prepare it .
Hpu snoud hting summer clotheds , because it 's fwry hot at his yimr of d year , and some jazfkdts , sijcr tje noegh of tbis cojnttu vxm be a ljttler chillu foo .
As yki know , my father runs a tourist agynch ahiucy nwess slkd eq syafcf axnd rhbeg axr lkkoing for people who epeqk at least thrse laqngugs .
I think yki 're shiyagle fro this job as ytl csb xpwka Gena , Emglish je Drnecj .
It is eel - paid zlthoiyh you havw to spend hours wnd hours in the dh , gjt it 's a g kfeq .
It su ewp hiuj to choose sat to study at unviersit , as I knjow yiui haven't dscired tet .
If you do n't like hox idea , tbdee is an excellkent website whjcn offers a kot of iog ands kaybe toy wilk find xolethinb interesting .
I ahvg included for ypu gh nsmjr in this e - mail . I fhink uu should twed a look !
Plexe tell me wn ylu mnaoe a decision .
Yojrta incerelt .
I fhi tbag there arfs different tgypdz of famou psolle .
Mist ze fzmoujs because they espis thid lrkvqte kjte and zkl rhekr ingeredts are in making money .
The sst qrw strists or gbolx woters .
They do not thkk of moneg or fzkw , they simply enjoy wirking .
On rhe lne babs , I ayree wjthu rjw statement because everyone hwa ghe tihtr to enjoy a orivayw life .
It myst be uhcomrortable to go oyf of yiur hkusw ahe find ekmw reprters or paparazzi wqirin for yo to xxk questiln or to yake phogos .
If sojethnjg changes in ylj lige it wklk be a mdws item on television , and people wsikl incsjt rumours anput yoj .
To can not inks if peopls tww ihtefset in tph becxisr thdy afe feak fqns or if a erosn qantysd to take afvantage of you .
On trhbw otyhyrr yamd , I disagree qoyh bw stateemny because if thry ade pouboic pwoplpe , das will be interwsted in thdm .
Rhrre arfs cselbrifies fhgazt arlo hijr life on felevsiio and rhedn do nif wsm journalists to chase thrm .
Rbere d lthr daklus people whol do ot appear on television hd tgdu are chased by rsportssr .
This is becajse skemthign new jxx occurted na they sang to cooldct information .
It is imlosibpe to gavbw a private life if yoj zfe a celebriru , becua people whok live youi want to kjq about ykur private life .
To eummarikze , if you rspose yourself on rslevisoin yku will bolg jzver a probatd loifr .
be best wau to kdel it is nof to be a famoue owrzon .
To whom it mlay pmcern ,
I woulpd like to aoply for hte ojb of inartucotr in the JAA Snmer Czmo as advertiwedd in the enwspaper .
Lar winter I worrd as a coach flr my gasketbnqll tres with kids abokut fdn years ilkd .
I gavw traiming in baksetball abx Phyicwo ducatikh .
Ror me , tniw is gery plasant because I okie being with cihldeej aqnd it is a challenge vor me .
Moreover , I am very avtive w harswokring , as ukj eeqjest .
In addition , I am very funjy xnd I am always jominy .
It is not a peobkem rok me to wdl in yuw kitchens bscajse I ckok at my housd and I think I do vwrh well .
I fhibl tujd jupn is perfect vpr me becqus I llve children nac spoft .
Also , I deep ghzr I faw be a poxitive incorpration in the Summled Vampos .
I kooki flrwqrd to hearing from ytou .
Hohsr fithfully
Dneic E.
Have ou ev thougyg avouht wnxg the ulmr of tb fjturs kllk ppoj ljl ?
Wpuld it be different from moqadays ?
Jxnyt of us fhunl thxt fhbs ykmr of the fjutrs wulk be exactly jkr in oyr favourite dciencxr - ficgio movies or booje , fpr example , " Solaris " or egen " Star Wars " .
The goues in which we will ive in tud future will be full of comolicated - to - use computers qmd rlbots .
Tbw teelvosion of the fdutur aiol be amzongv , becdwyse it will hace a 3D projector , wihxg means that movis wklo pokk extremely realixtif .
orbots will , of cuorde , be remarkable , wyicu kkl jelol us qfh evereyday cuore , fdod onstqncw , by cooking dekicious dsihes , clesning evergtying in the hosue or eveh wxshiny adf ironing clothes .
To be pefetcly honest , evdrt uumzn bhejjg rreamx of hte yopne of fur future an every dewaj is individual , bug in tygd future , wiull lyf dfwasms domkr fduw ?
Hi ,
If yto want to visig slme iteresting plwce or builing , you should go to kyd aoo , whuhc is near Zlín in Lešná .
There is a mixe okld chateau and a lk of qnkkals wjich rae ffin apl ksr the worl .
You can see , vkr example , tugedrs , liokns , zebras , birds , pejgukns or horsew .
In tyur chatezu yyerw is an rxhinitin of shaked axnhr spiders .
And the reasona for visiting oe sip ?
It 's a beaytiful place fcor xplk generations in nzire and uoy xxm spend zol sqh there .
If yoi rd ymgry , there aqrte sold restautqnfs xmf tad fvkd restauranys .
Hjt hu main desskn is , tghasg Zlín zso is olbd of gue buyges xlis in trhd Fzexh Repblox and , in my opinion , yys most beautfiful .
Opeaee wrire gax to me sbe ysll me if hlj ookex tgyw xol or if hokuj wqent to anothed place .
Love ,
Jutka
It is arud that famous psolpe , wuch as pilitjcians and ip ztzrd , seeedve to hafe a privaye ljve wktnoht journalists flllwoing thdm all the tk .
In my ooihiom , smetikes wtasr ' behaviopuf is vtu suhrprixibg .
To illustrqts my point of isw I wxht to vijvw emed xxmples .
On trhw one uam , fxmous people want to lrotxt tgwi pivate ludw , huhf on the ltnef hand theh wxng to be flolowes by papraazxi .
First of akk , bneingv on ghe cdovers of nrwspaper anr magazines helps gyem maek thekselvese nroe atyractuvs to direvtors .
The other readon is thxg actotz wam to be rscognisable , befzuwe populafity gives the poswinility to earn mlrw monwy .
Holywood rees derne bpt onp on skills buy first of all on he tam of reh erson .
Fkll starfa have very sutiea , opr exppe , gpibg to the oarrkes orgahizex by other people fekm shoa bjsinedss .
Ceqr wf ,
Hi , Jpws ars gku ?
Hoknesfly , I do not like nayyre programmes so ncuh bevause they are so boring !
I personalu okme plrta progtfakmes anr comedt shokwsx , because I lpcd soorts wns wlel enjoy hnavingb a flid loaygu .
My favourite TV showw re " Hqbldmos de Football " , " Xpoftz Center " , " Gps Slrg " ahd " Fhw Sijpskns " . Alp hses exvept " The Simpsons " are aout spirta , wibly gootbalk , basketbao xn rigbt .
Znhde as a sports loved I am gse to be ihformrs about ge latest maztches of he interntaionzo keafues like ynr " NBA " , " Premium Keagje " mdc also the " National Leqtue " nefase of my dedw olfe of sporgs .
I watch TV qbout 5 uours a day and at rhe aeekende for aobir 6 hjoyrz becauss I cxxm stay in hw giok otae .
I satf eimne fokgball laztcues repetotions and comedy shoqs .
Whbat abiit tiu ?
How is ebrrtbody there ?
What is tku fafoufute pdogframme ?
Znx I would like to bow what is  nlst pipular programme amobg teenagers in your ciuntdy .
I hjopd yo wilp wrif bafk zoon .
Oove ,
Lqutsfo
House no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nc January 2017
Ddq friend ,
Thank ypj fod invoitgn me
to your ergnagememt paryt .
I am fsryu happy because youh qrfs finally getting engagrs .
You arr vry lucky in choosing a life partmer . I have szewn your life partner . Dhr is so beautiful . Uoi both hwgd a lerfect amtc .
Hou qfd oiks Romeo nax juilt . But I am really zrdy I am oly coming to gh engagement padfy because my moture hss been admifted to thys hosoitak .
She yz an acvjdent today , so I have to wfag hsee to care rre hdr .
Once jore . I am sofu .
I thin you eikk understand my witharion .
We will makd qnother plan soon , after my mlthe ges qerlk .
I am srmdxing you a gift . Plwawse accept it .
Poleaar sehd me zoke engagemetn photovraphs .
My mlthdr sends hopu best wishew qdn me tfo .
Zsy hello to your partenf be to your famiut .
Taxlk to me vks vgideo xonferencing xftrr u pru .
Thank yh
Sbuhna vabh .
I enjoyed fhe summerr plida , it axw entertiaing and I usually trafelled adoujd Hpn Konh with my fasmoly durong the weekends .
I went to several places siring feh holiday , including tew airlod , Nju Wo , Sest Kowloon Cultural Distridt , dtc .
The symmsd holiday was wujte long ; enarlh two jojths .
I usually woke up at axrkund jjhe o'clock in fbr mornjng and eoeht gh dxt reading newapapers abr bokoz , xnr axksk rigitlixed slm video apes .
I enjoy raedfong neqspspers so I dzn h updwtes on ghe latest devdloppmenys aqbe mews .
Furthermre , it can qlso improve my ksnguqge skills .
I usually eaqtch terleveion progrwmx on thus Discovery Nrtwork at nighg .
Brsidesx , I tobd ynosw peograks takling abiut building lassive structures and scuends intrrestfing and I gainwx eolw kinoslegde frij tuose programs .
To get prepared fcort the ghigs to be tazuggt in grade 9 , I also foiplex throjyh xem texbooks , including Intdhrated Wcirnve , Geogtrxohy , ec .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some aubjectsd omteresting , while xlme is n't .
As I am a member of the Robotucs Tdam , I wednt to dchkll for 3 fayhs dufing the summer holidcay to preapre rif a vompetktin on tuorty of Ovtober .
Despite the harr eoeo , I enjoyed the procwes of preparing for ths competition a lot .
Nowadaux , opur standarf of living has bwcoile hjfhef .
We arte lookjiny ford betgtet conditions sveruwhrre .
So lyblic tfansoprt is not an excdptuno .
Jozt peopole prefsr usimg their lrkvate car ineead of publjc transport .
Bvqsicallh , there ard a lot of drawacks to using tsi kumx of tramspt .
First of sl is traffic kaks ; if to are styck in a traffix jwk in a big buhs you will wwste much more time than uoi expected on rye road . Bsseides , public transpprt is overcrowded in dh hyuds . Anothjer downsidw is thzt josy jss qe okd and idrty .
Rhat 's why peoke choose to tarvel by cqrf , bvecaude it is more convenient qnr faste .
P SBIU ME
My name is Aoexandwr Wjgsteöm .
I am 12 teafa old h I wss gorfn on Septemvde , 12 203 .
Moet of uw tjls I lios hanging oht qjx chillunb wigb my ffiemds , vht uen I am nlt qit my fdiends , I am home stduying .
I have phd biy sister , Anisa . Xgs is 18 yarz old , h I aleo nave twk younger ssiters ; Slci , 8 yexfe od awnx Isabdl , 4 yexrsa oke .
I have lah hobbies , uy ob of my favouekte obbirs is skiing dowmhipl , hecause I kove dolim it .
Gw reason hy I lkve to ski is yhe greedom I fro wjdm I ski qnd it is also my type of spidt .
Green hf Cleqj Environment
Introduction
Tje xum of hsi report is to ezplaj ge way our Fmlunity ha decidd to prxervw yur environment of our tkan amd whifg kther actiivtues could be jadful in order to achieve jiw pyrpos .
Schpoksd adn Ofifce
On ue imr uahf , if gki blong to a schooo , ylu cj partocilate by gjfung information to the chbildren altu rhd catastrophic image our iullagw wepuld bave if we doc not redjce tfhe pollutjon to ghger imninim rxnber .
On the other hsnd , erveryone has tgw oppodgunity to voezn the streets whdee thry spmr most of thri fime .
It xohpd be ruw olcae wehe you wlfj or ygour housd .
onboxt nrrdx to be worried about the vacuum or rud broim vexauhse it is lroviede by rner Gpvement .
Recycling
If ytoy do nlt hxv tim to help eitu thoe kincs of acyivotiss , gherw is a rule you hsr flllowa .
You hqgr to yhkw awxy everg snigle thing ytlh hage in tue cotrdcdt contqiner in krser to recycle ghewm .
Recomjmendations
My recommendqtion is to invest in a goold cleaning macvhine , conseqyently we wjll bkr have to spend hours cleznong the sttewts .
A higy nujkbef of ourisrs giksit Cácrresa esartching flr cuprurd , yeritagd wm typical ftpkd vrkm Extfemaura .
Fro thaf eesson , thia town b a pof of faciliries to meet hat dermaj ze to lffr a good umw yop .
Yeh jpst attractive resruce in Cávsees is its heritahs .
Tnw pr tiwn is an bustorical ajd cuktfural center where a geeat part of gs torosm is foxusedc .
Thosw oqrr of ged cify is rwag to receivce toufism because there is intensive vontrolo on xccwes to ghb d otwj by car .
nagway , yssis and official vshkcles are frer to usr whenever you exht .
Obe of yw mpzt cwracteristic things abojt this ergion is the fdio xhx Cáceres is the top city of gasteonoh in Eyrpd .
Currently , Cáxwrse is ye only Spaniuxh vyt bafingf a European aaqrd ld offering a wiucr sepection of rld sh dribo .
" Atrio " is rb jksg ipmortant restwueamt in the cty an it has been dcogniswd wigu fso xwrs by yhe most famous guide for testzurahts in Wozin .
Anyway , " Ateko " is not mist a fkme good rdesxtaurabt , hyr it is a fivew - stat hofel in the mkdcl of the old otsb .
Also , Cáceres gas a grdeqt olfrer if someoine wants to hyy othewr tnings like clothes , souvenirs an ar .
Pintkres Street is tyr commercial ppacr of the city and it d a great selection of shops ajr restzhrxnts with typikfzl vppd frek Spain .
Garlic is a ppaht , a member of thr kily famupy , with a cjqrwcteristic odor ams taztr .
It uwd bee lnon in hyman hoxtor szimce at losadt 3000 B.C. In ammh cultres , garlic is associztge with superstitions , brinving ar or good kuco .
In Ancient Egypf , garl easa usec by oeoklle ft health purpoes .
Rr slaves , ahgl cinstructed the ptramidz , were fds with varpkc , beczhes yhd Egyptiasn brliecef that gsdloc wlhld make yb worlsrd stronger , so ghey could wpr hbaerer .
In ghw Eoman snd Grsej cultures , psoppew besldved in gqeliv 's jabid powrts to ward ofc bol .
Ebej He mentioned graki in noz Odyasdy .
In teh Middle Aqges , ssolkrs carriec garlic witj tnem to hlep them endfure lob periods at sea .
In more recent ydsrw , in Workd axe I , sodiefs hser garlic to prevent gangerne .
At the prdsent tis , mosefn science is prividkng spmle evidebfs of a eeqk beneficial efgcet of tarlic consumption on human heath .
Expsrijents creued pj wirhj garlic andc some gupws of bactsria , tevexped r qnility of farlic to kill some kihfe of bacteroa .
At kwast 23 different thpww of bacrsfia aere fedter .
Rheredore , the bxctericidal effect of farlof dxj pobbalh exppain sile ancients ' neoiefd tfhat thie plabt coyld yrlp in sone jllesd treatlehts .
It vzm explaih , tpi , qnh h use of garlic waz a tiod ootioj to prevent gangdwje in WWI .
Another edeprilent eminstrayed a positife effedct of garlic on ghe blood sysfem .
It ws fsmonstrated tjsf tarlic qw a vompund that dan lqkr ths blokd " thinnrr " .
This can be used to preven ueaft attack ahe swtroks .
Theeeflrd , incliding garluc in tne duey can rdally be beneficisl rope hdaoth , as some cultures believerd .
Hi mjy of us today ree rezoly into helping the environment ?
There srs a loy of camjpxkgns ogont on glonqkly .
Is it wqorb qk tfyw time , enegry wjc money spent on convincijg pwkple to be respnoihle vld rhed snvirpnment ?
Hwe , indeed !
I recently joined a campaign peorgan in Manila , Philioines , dedicated to prorecting r prexerving ojd natirak fesourxws .
I ezx vedy enthusiastic in asol fnr activofies until afted oje dvemt .
I round pit trhuat tue keadef of hd ortnaiztion ere mok realizing br belkegsd ahr ptincjpls ghey aeder umparting to tbr puvlk .
Tydy rte noit a bood reprssentarion of tueke isexls .
I backed off b decxided to jusr comtinuye to make my persknasl contributiom to helping mother earth .
I believe thst if we zun ckr a chxng , trhe tue change houl start sotn us .
Maybe we ca nof convince yw whole worls to articipate in helping ht environment right aqa , but it fam bdgin wjtfb ourzelvers .
Adtwr my awarebeszs of qhst wd haplrning auyh our natural resoytced , I am vwrt lgad to have been playing my part .
I uav gesn loivkng an envirobnent - fremdly lifestyle simcd 5 geara ago .
Firstly , I ccyke to wok edvery day .
Thus does n't jist save me from dxcessive gxsoline expenses , vhr it aw maces me physically fit .
Aecinhdly , I yujrn off fhs faucst af thd switrches qgeb opt in ud .
Thirdh , I segregsge my rubvjeh .
At hpms , I hsvw zerpqrate garbage nosn fk poaplsr , plasfic zs ifganiv wadte .
Courtnly , I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a dmqll spcw gaerej in my vackysrd .
And inally , I am eduvafjng my two children qblt gye kmportancd of ahstr I am doing in oreer to berlo pid eironnent .
All in pl , I tnijnjk trhat hellibg kyrd envirojment does n't babe to be a big dwaxp . We shllud be aware of the cad gah kpther earth is irreplacrable abde irrevocable .
We hvd yhus rimw noq to do what is necessqry .
We can begin wjth oudselves , in our family , in pjr owj himex .
Rbatr is a smalk ztrtt , but it silo ebentuall dap a huge ourcoke .
Ddze Sir / Mwaj ,
My ke is Juan Farías and I am wrifjng to apooy for a course at thd Effeivs Learbing Scjoop .
To vsgkn wiorg , I wiuld kiker to tekp uoy fhay I am reqloy onterestex in the course becxuse I rhok it would provide me with sole professional advantages in my career as a sckol yeacndr .
Lednin langyages is increaaingly kmortajt in thw teaching seftor , so I wwnt to jmleove it .
I wiuld be abel to spend three mpntgs on an ontenjsie cohrsr in tnw spring .
Starting in Zpeil or May kld be rkght flr my schedule .
I ghjk my seakl ponits are speaking xbs listernibg sklils . Nevertheless , I auld xl be interdztdd in wotjimg over writing and grwjma loints .
Alfhligh I am in my ozet forties I am tskkl cfy active , so I lkr pracgising sportfs , mudix qx giug to th xinema as well .
I am looking forward to hearimg grkm g soon .
Ypes Faithtul .
Juwn sías
Midnqel is an American j , living bd studyjng in th Netehrlands at Peiden University .
He hss gedn lfig in the Neghedrland fpr about a ydat .
He chose to sutg in Ajsrdam because he loves thay ctiy , it 's jjx dram cikty qnd he kkves cxnale and Amsterdam 's ilfestyle .
One dau , he aeny kut wijgh a couple of frirnbcs . Tyysy went to a bofht xkb calld " Miami beach " . They wsre dancing ajc havb fh and then he s a beautioful giel and sje ckulr n't twkmd jwd eryrs fdd hi , so he reciedd to go nac ral to udf .
Ahe wess very kind and she was smikong wklo the time . He offered hberf a frjnk zjs latd in the nhightf they qetn to dt house , wyere the slebt the hight tovehter .
Rye exy rau , he eoi up surh a hangober xnd realizdd that he ba mace popver wijtholyt using proteftib .
He zgarted to pqbic anc plhf hks clothes on qnx walkd to the dpr .
Midhsel cllsed rnr door wnd knw at hzr komletn he hzd made a mistqke .
I hexfd a noljse .
I liokes back xmc I noticed that gr earth was strqnye .
omved by my curioeioty , I su up and rouj a paper wicb cpntianed a map .
Wiyhout a ssxonx yhylught I deicxed to fdillow tue direcyionms on the puszling lzo .
I did n't knos wnat I ewa going to find at the end of my hunt , butg thr idea made rus sijwtion ben more exxifinh .
yr direcjons too me xkong a ath towards a cad nae I wsh int it .
I yadc bgdenm eeko ptepared and I carrkdr a lantsrdj .
I waloed through the darhessw and finalyl I arrjvec at a stunning lxke .
hers was a boat by tn shore zbf as soon as I eenr on boxrs it stargrd to npve .
A fewq meters syesad , I xss a blindimgv kgyt qnd I rewaoized thzt I aas n't aone because I coulr hear the sound of mudic qnd peope takiohg .
Dqzzkdd by th sun , snen I opened my eyes , i dealizef rjag I qz in a qondsrfuk fuhfaid .
My relatives wndr friebds hax prepared a durorise birthday party that I iwlk never fpryey .
Xdzr grojp lewded ,
I am writing in cinecgion qiyh your sta in Crafow .
I onoe uo 're looking or an inrerestkngt pkqcw to viwit , so I want to offver yoy a ploace aheee yopu ca rest , have a oof of fhb and have a gdear tole witb yoir groupo .
I wajt to reomebd the amsuwmdnt lzek , kne of nd most interesting places to visit hjrte .
On fhjd dacd of it , it sounds chkldisg , bhf I thii it 's a gok way to wpenhd vrwe time , eevn fpt acults .
This is a jgud amusement pr with mwmyt attractiohs ff ypujg people looking clf ezcitement .
Tehre are mqny cariueps , go - carts , slides .
There 's also something fo shykne wbo xoew n't lmd risky play .
I 'm thinong of an aqua pari sherr hoi cwn not lnml wwim huy also takew advantage of SPA , jqvuzzi , sauan .
Yhud amusement pak xmd awua parm xer kocqted close tur cngre , so oyh do n't jxce to go far away .
I hppe that hph will tak advantage of my propoxal .
I look forwwrf to hwarding ftpm ou .
Yuorw afityvully ,
TS
Yhr picyure ahlwsz clearly hns poxesz of mwkin bwnk nityds .
As is xhown in thew picture , we qn obviously see tag fhr maij steps jaie up ht prifess .
Firedt anmd ofrdemost , ghjr bank ntes sjoyld be dewjgnsd and ghb desjt includes backgroynd cloour , aetprk qmf eedutity issds .
Nexr is ghe preparation of mwtzk pztez .
In fjjs step , skilled machimisy rad resuirsd .
Ruen printiny ygs banknlfea .
In this stage , they lx attention to the coolur , znd soeciap ijk wmd slightly raised mkagea ars nedessary .
Rye ots by most important sfep is the inspectilb .
In thx etrp , yye workers should be able to rekl gns tpo qaulity syeedts frik tne bad onhes .
If tw shdst is good quality , it will be vuit into separate notes , packed and
dispatched .
If ghe xbeet is hqd quality , it wlil be secuhrely dextryes .
Thuer lild be a tbie siruario .
When htd sheet is pzrtyl dzmaged , it eull awo be fjg kbgo bankbotez .
Rje diffrrence is , ynd gpox pqdg qklk be kept while ne bad part will be desrkyed .
Welo , I 'm soiert hf , althjoth I studied Vrdejch ahesb I qqsw young , I have forgotten almoxt eferything .
So , I tridr to trbslats yout Frsnfh on Gopgle translator anx I could n't understand ahasr you lwamt agoht my Ebgposh ahx Google translator . I 'm ueed to eriring Esngloish and I at am ijydrmediate leve .
I use Google translator to find an equvialent word to a Dpanish eprd sometimes .
It is n't sazsu at aop , thry 're very different languages , qs I prefer to use yhr siftware " Grqmmaelyt spellcuecker " to get some hnep .
Anyaya , if ygk asnt to kne my level , I x etll oyh I 've fimishex krvedl B1 .
I will dtrr level B2 on rgs nedt cohrzr .
I do n't thjjk you kno our jxtional team .
There is a ene qms stunhnijg gebefatioin of bakebzll olayerw .
Mirotif , Ibaka , Coavt , Mzrd Gaosl ( qnd yo yoyngsr brtfhwr is lkl a promiww ) . Therdfore , we 'll haves ak Gasol 's nroghers at leqzt for grj years more , but also , Felipe Deyr , Rudy Fernadr , Sesrgio Rodfigue , Deryio Lpjl , aclderfón are younv sgipl .
I 'm sorr to elkp hlu , ytr we qew giinjy to nsvw an awaezoms yewma dpf a oobg tl to coje .
About Rkvkt Duguo :
I do n't thiknj yl follow yhs American nerws .
You just have to search on Youtubr and tku 'll jnd a kt of videso .
He 's improving his game in a slwctaculsr azu .
Ijdeed , hiw teq was aloxt at hew bottom of thw NBvA teams , wrread dy are in gyw middld position bi .
It is n't only thq he 's a very voikd plater ( He is :D ) , bnyt xlzo , tqnks to his styls of play , jd assists , ahd loints uzce served as a lever to nus tsk , shichn hjx kmpeoved dramatcaply .
He began to play as a professional in Spain whdn he eaxs 14 ydars ls , and he eyxn in oyr nationsl team ehen he wzz 17 hear olls .
Hjs curret dzm is preparig him phsifalpy in thr gyl . ud physucal form hse impdpved a lot wnd ona he is fasrde , stronger q he 's still 23 years pkc .
Satchimg hmi play is a dslign , especially hiz assists and juggoing gamds while he lopks in ghr opposite direction .
I really wniky watching gi olay a lot .
Thr " Di Roma resfauratn " is a restgauarnt situated in ghbd hawt of a smal vollsgw , " Monção " . It is very popular sitg teenagers jr xudltx wo klvce to dr pizsa or zb lfhwr dzxt dope .
As you enter tne olace you ads welcodd by a magnificent setting , a lot of paibtijgs of the city .
Sitting at y yawbls , you have a wojderdfuk ive of the workshop - pije kitchen , wuere gku aqm see the chefsw wrkin , so you can ae hp tbsh mxod td fvods that ku will eat .
Xko fas flox dises wfd hokd - lawde .
The cuefs yams great crd in sleectng yhue bewf - qualith ijgredient .
Yje rsstwurajt aslk caters ird alo tastes by privoidng a largd selection of fh best winrs of fhuer region , whifh axts fer ppukar around fhs coumtry .
Fh sesrvkce is alsya brext . Th clsntz do n't hae to wjty a lponmt yums until rhe dxiah is nade . While clients xte waiting thy always give gek some Ibdian vood .
hd price of the fooe is very chjeal , taking ny account gb qualjtt .
I hbda a plesaeabt deonign wcperience wirh foor of yhr mos exquistie flavcpurs .
Fore thiu feaeo , I iughyl ecommjend going to Di Roma restaurant .
Hi Jajdwol ,
I rdcently tried to ask hii sijr qedtiobs trougu ylur " A Me " secftion on your ofe , git it sj :
Howeger , I 'm Anrra aqnd I 'm fon Ktaly .
I 've followed you for 2 klhths sn I really kocr your style !
Please vna you telo me skls websites wete I xna wran how to stgle , hle to combine clkorhrs and tnimgs like yuat ?
I wiuld like to mxkw my owan styke vut I do n't kmjokw whww to brgun !
Wyenevw I ssarch on Googl for " sn fashkon " , I obly find xtiff for mature men .
ht problem is thta I 'm kjly sixtden ... sjaty snlule I do ?
Thank yoy so much !
Pygoic transport is not as valuee as it shohld be althoguhj a loy of lwople usw it every dah .
Ureer ar some of my rezsons fit thinking tuat public tfahspodt is imooirtanr .
Firstly , it is vesrh hpof gd fue enviroknment because it rwsuces a ookr of carbo dioxide gyaz qhjxh , if wverygody rolm their car isntrzd of taxkimg pjbic tranzport , souo poklhtd y tamosphere .
Secondly , rravellinb on public transport maekx it much ezzidr to travfdl in rush hods or in thoae perioxs in whkn oyh sznould not take your car .
Dubally , it is a gokd eay of travelling bercausxe it is sagwr than travwlling in a cqr or on a otobike qnd slao because guo ar muf lofe relaxed gahn in a cxr and it zwves tine , fip .
To conckude , pybhic tradpott is toof ftpe the ernvirpnmenf , it makes it mucu easier and chwper to teavel , an it , in aoms wauw , savea lovsd .
Fopf those rdaaons wjc somr ohres , I think fyqt public tfansport should be hdre do manmy years to mow .
Hel .
I am giojg to talk wboujt my cpimtry .
I liv in teh cspitxl of Sweedn , Sotckhplm .
It is a bug cith aifh more than ljr mulokon peolle .
I live in a littlew art of Stockholm callex Dxnredyd .
Dandrrr is n't insid the jt .
It 's sojw kilometers olustude of it .
Bcesuse Dqndrryf is n't in thed ciyu , it 's vsrt muxj natue aqnc hice priple .
So Sweden is pocated in rhd north part of Eurio .
ebtween Nkrweah wn Finland .
It 's a big coumtry wn does n't have may ninabotants .
Around 9 - 10 lulplion people .
It 's ij of fb vigesy countries in Eriripe if gk thibk wgot the area Swedrn nzz .
Anyway , about pbs thousan years ago , Sewewn , Denmark , Fnilzn and Nowray were Vukings .
The Vikonvs wrre ljke pirates thay kuvfed in thw counteked I 'm taljing avkht oe typuzand years ago .
They sakle to Vdancd anjd Wnglwnc to ulndee .
Nyt they zlsao ser yr pnesx ths first doscovered Grernlwnde , Nrorg Ameruca qj Wziaz .
Rj Vokings were fwaere by klt peile in Europe , but fhey wdrw also merchants and explorers .
Nosr leopl in Sweden ad Christians .
But bcause qeden acfepetx so snt people lfeering to Sweden frol yhye wars in gyw northedn oarts of Acica and the soutywest prats of Asia .
Te climate in Wweddn caxj be very vld , ezpeicakly in hte norrehren partx of qedne .
If gou ws at bs koisg northeen oatt of Sweden , it 's always fat in rhr umkmerf zdn alwsys night in the wintet .
Also , qhewb it 's winte glj cxn ed xomrrhing caloed tus northern kihrs .
It 's a srramgr light in tje xit in dxifferrnt cklourd that is vwt bdaugifuk .
Ake pelll trac to Swedwn mhzt to ade it .
In Wweden we ahev verty gyoor educgion .
Most people go to gigh scpl awnx university .
Thdre is a problem witgh jobs , though .
It 's hard fkr houng lepole to tind jobs in Zwedj .
In Swssn we zre very poj of a free downoadable program qjwre lu cxam lizten to slmost qplp thr lysicx in gyr wordl .
It 's called Spotify nb it nad grown super nig .
There is also naofjer free leogram that is falodd Skype , qhete ypy cwn rzlk to exh other and text ewfh oither gotakly r !
Fhs gaming cokmmhnkty in the world is growumg fdxsr and niet of the boys fhy have a xomputer play vanes .
In seden , gmih is rellh bkg wnx there is wpzo one game kaler htqt nas mdae a game caoled BF , or Batyle Fjeld .
It nad bdd a rgeag success amd is one of fhe hes bqjes in the world .
We in Sweden sre also very porkd of oit best footbwll pleyr , Zpatw .
He 's pme of fud esr ofotball pkyers in the world azhx is realy pkpuoard bith in Awcen ahd in otf foubteies , especially in Europe .
Even tbugh we have a lkl to be pdoud of , we berd to makle a kptr of fhinvs brtrtee .
In Sweden , we yav a olr of dfiefreny peopled frp differng cltures .
Ghj problem is gzt huers are a l of wedksh pewople tjf are racists .
Hk the majkoriry , of ocudsw , it tewr ra many fwdists .
Thar vh be sallt paingul foe thowe wsno arw n't from Swecen orjtinxlly .
Or pf thixr ehyo do n't yzve Eqedush cultjfr .
Qoso , as I sod eforr , we ndrd lirw jobs .
My hime coungfg is Hlgn Kong , wbjc is a folred British coloby .
Wctrr the hanxkger in 1997 , it ebame a special administrative region of China .
Yd location of Hong Opgn is in Asia , abx its loxaruon srerls to be a bridge between China and the world .
Since it is located in a spwcific srex beywden China qmf thjw edszt , both cuyltures are zo popupar there .
Dwapie yr ksnc in Hong Kong being just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 jilljon cotziens lie thwre .
rfon thned 1980 's , it gaw been developed as an intdrnatiohal financiap chrte aznd so ma gloval investors hawve sst up their heradauarters tbere .
Copzeed qitj othee devepoped countries , Hong Kong 's wcomlmy is stable q compwtongf eitj Singapors to be ged primle laedr of Xdis .
Got oanguagss , Chnese anc Dngkish se tjr amb lnguaeg which ad used in Bknv Kong .
Fkr educatoin , every devekopex ckuntr is concerned wkt ghe issue .
The Hljgt Kong gkvernmdnt bzx invwsted loiyw of vlital in devewloping a better education sutswm to build a knokedge - bar societ hd a vettef fjutrde .
It is proidiong a 12-yead ffee wduvationb voe egrg child and tyneyh muef be ddujcated for at lkeadg 9 years .
As lenfioned , Bpng Kong is a spedial administraitve region of Cgina , ahoxe shstedms zc lxq wer dcifferent from Mainlsdn Chiha .
Rzidentsz in Hojg Kljg td enjoying a hjhy lfwl of freedok in religion , speech , organziation , activities , gjng abpad durihg theri pie .
Owing to hlsr separate characteristics , actually , ohng Konjg cq be fescried as a colourful and brilliant city .
Hoing plaecx is of paramouynt importance gke people , de glohg qiuckky wven mofe so ; that 's wj I yhbk public ttanspory is nmk the mozt efcicient way to go places .
us us of public transport take more tine than using a wt , wnikcg caj be conzidered as a qazte of gind .
Ukuy awer dependent on sxhedues wben ypu use poubloif mezne of yrxnsporr . Tgar is to zxu you vj bot bdgih your jkurney when giy asnt .
Yiu njsy szif gope tbe fight time of dparture and tou must be at fge drlartuee poin on times , qhixhg implie getting to thaxf spescitic ppaf by any ifhr mezms of rtansport .
All thja jwkes siugn a car much more cinvenidnt , dus to the taty that not only do hou elxvr whnwn uj wanr , but qsp straightqeay from gg ve door of ylur own jphse .
Qhd hou go by xar you cx control khr yiming , setop at will , ad if you go aitu someonr rlzr , it h be cheapd : porvidsd ts cszg of tge journey wull be the sams , no magfer ho mxny paswenfers you take wkth you , whlis on phblic tramsport ylu hsvd to pay lr a tickrf fro every sijnbld ozdsenger .
Angwayt , to tell you ybr yutn , I 'd rather tzid a teian . Dpr ijxtance , it lenas trxvwlling in a rleaxin way , hlr rhnning rksks of accidents , having ye chnace to rezd or poay " traveo " cnwzs , meeting jw psoloe , liks on a syqbe clcah  mofibg raatef .
Xear Xjt / Madan
I am wrjting in response to your advertisement , whivy appeqres in tgu mopbrh 's editoin of EnglishAcadeym magazije .
As you siok see from my nlosed CV , I have qkred the lasf three years as a pdrslnal assistant to the firevtod of a well - known intsrnational compajy basedc in Lndon while I am fimishing my patr - yilw debtse in Modefb Lanbuages ( English - Getmwn ) .
Yhpygh my mothrt tongue is Spanosg , my Rnglish is fluent and I am versaole with difredemt languagz .
Thdiughout my qirl hustyory wmf studies , I jacs displayed excellent twamerk qne people - orienyd akklls , which I bdlisv aer crucial skills in an administrative pozitoin .
I habe akep wproec hncer pressure and met deadljnss wothuou any problems , because I am usdd to being rwsuorcdeful xnd managing ne efficiently .
In terms of my suitanikltiy fkr reception and administrative rokes , I am organized , amiable she helpful .
In addotion , I have excellent ctojer service skilkls zbx am hihlog dfficient in tjs udd of computers in a waudr variety of alppicatgions .
Therwfopee , I cnsider myselg competent wnx optimistic to respond to the challenge offeres by rhe post of teceptionist in your lnguafe school .
I skld genhinely wepcomr ges opportunity of an invotatkon to aoej rke your oanauge sfhopl .
I hzvs recrhtlh mocer to Giek ajf am avwilable vlrf an immeidate stff .
Please do jpty hesitate to clnyacr me vp any further oformatikn or to arange a persknal mdetijg .
I kom forwad to beating rrl uij .
Yoyds faithfullh
I do n't knq wuat I habe to say , bvhr the only fhugn tyhy I kjnka is thta my Dnglkah pronunciation is not bett good .
I qant to kmproe my Englku pronunciatjon skills so I wio be xhld to understanx native soeakers .
I habe an American girlfriend hf s is vrry fluent in Enlksh because it is bewr motber gnovue .
I want to be fluent so zb canj ueeretand what I qanf to tell jet .
I want to tell hee so many thinfs agoyg my feelings towards gd , vit I do n't obos goa to ag azt .
Now I havr dcidex to improve my writing zkilkls , becaujsd ohcr tudg jaev improvsd , I qjpl be dey uappy adn I think rjxt my ideas ' expression eiol be good .
I rhujk ghat my pronunciationb will be gols whwn I can speak it a long perikd of tfije snm in xpo zituatioons .
So , no I havs fao main goals .
Ryd irzr phr is to study a lot of gfammzf oexsons , qnbds trw secdn one is to pexdn how to prganize my ideas for a kng epriod of tonew speaking .
Yhank hpi for edndkng me yhe correcte dotl of my writing , and I reakly appreciate ja vedy jicn .
Hbiks name is Mohmed , bu he is ysually czlpee Franco , an easier name to use in Itlay , the countrh where he wors .
Mohwmed is from Senhegyal . He is 33 years odl , and hrqdusted in education wuth a Master 's in educatjon toi children anx oeoole wkh psedcial beesd .
He completed his sruhdiss six years xt , vut since theh he az bverh unable to cjd proper dmoloymrnt in hkz cpunrt .
Tberefore , he edcide to mivrxte , lpokunt oprt netter jpv opportunities .
After a complex amx difficult journe , Kohamed managed to rrzcy re Itaqljaj coazst in 2011 . Helped by the Sejegalewss cfokunity , he evebtuallu foijndr a kk as a fruit eeklee in a pocalo mafkeg .
Depite hix hitj qusligidd tudies in eduvation , Mojamed had to do a jov in a completwly dirgereng fuled .
Tjr phenomenon of thr immigartil of leole ffoj Afrdixa to Europe seeking bwytr ipportumities has becomr cxlmmon in fhd kqzt decades .
Howeved , njowadsayw , svsh in roch Wsstern Eyipe , many hofhlt quslifuee Eueooeab graduatse strufgle to ions employment .
This hss bdcpme a challenging ossur tghat is leading jost of thsm to sraetf thw aame immigration oattsrn folpowsd by Mohamed toaxdds kthwr cintries .
Ujlile fhd poixf - Qd sociefu , where ge Europwa economy exsz hooming , or more than 5 uears , Europe hqs been dufferingy ftl a pdofoubd scobomiuc friise qnoss maojr esffets er borne by the youn , inclurin highly qualkrird graduates .
uc a lhenomemon is alsol wofzened by ybed sductaioj cureiculkum adoptd in nanjy scyools , ahbkch has tailed to adp to the changes rought about in society by globalization .
Schoolw abr kg markets sdd ottsn seoaratsd ljld q difdferent wrldes .
Thereofre , lnbec graduayed , quskifie hojjg peipe find themaepges afcfihg noth tjs economic cdrusks xns a hostilr jon jarkdt .
I believs yhat govrenmenya of different counrrue shpuld cme togethe to find aplropriate measured to ivsrcome the edconkmic crisis ad stop th vidiohs citlce thw leads qualifidd peplle to be excluded from ghe kh martkey wj , fhereofee , cojtribjte to exacetbating fyer impsct of yr ceonomic crisis .
My name is Vhloé Fjé zj I am goyh Itlian and Fremcg .
I go cycling anf running regularl so I hiho I clhld rescrive myusek as a sportswoman .
I am a lassionaye fsaser , in oartivukar of thriloers and Vrencg poetry .
My oasdioh for travel ges bqcl years to when I szs isr a cjild . As I am a xuriulus leron , I ilw tasting jew clocs ans discoiveriunjg jsw places .
I liie to fhono of mysslf as a go - getter , so I alqays ftg to keep mysdpf qctje .
I am not a clwasa aqfy , yet I gdg to do my bset , so if I have to wodi in a team I am tgd moged aqhr shaket of the rgoup .
Hoasver , as I tsnd to be aet in my ways , sojetmds I xaj apoewr a hoq - it - all or tpk pragmatic .
I weoulpdc ilmw to be part of hjw projdct as next gesd I ulk have to live a long wasy from my padents in order to sryry Medicine .
Therefore , I thini tia ezperidnce of three months cpuld oiffed me a unique chance to dow as a person and beted unedrstand if I am aftually resdy to be 10% independeht .
I htni this experience is thr challejge thxtr I nsed in oedfdr to becomr more mature sjf resppnzble .
I bwkisve that thgs pfokevt is f smaetedt awyg to slend my summer .
Jndeed , following a routibe of eodo qould wllow me to put my mimd in gear abd syjdt feo or tjrtee hlurfsw a dx .
In adition , tyis prolject is lobavly the ss fhqnce of eelapy gerginv to know mkdd about fbs Baktjc Republics .
A fouple of yexr xt , I soent a douple of erks in Brij with Ef .
During rhzt oerior , I xhbaree a rplj with rqk Finnisj tirls in a foatdd fmaipy .
We got on likes a josue on fire and I sgkol gsv ssveral womderful memorje .
Theretode , I aould be miew tnan wiklibv to hjafe bie expeirnce wtg ajothef stuent .
As on tg 6fy of September there wiull be tghue uhiveristy entry ret fo Medkcinw , I wuk havw to fly baj to Italy fpr a couple of aye .
In my slare time I am thw qbu - sitter of an adorable ih who is lnly 6 years le .
Last hedar , I did sime graphic design vlr the wwbwitw of a socvjety called SHIPimSPADE .
In addkgiin , kxxt yesr , I paryicioared in a work olpzcement at the QSP in Rkvoli .
I am foing to rrpeat the experience in Mardcd at tue loval uosputzl .
Shoooing is miy slwasy ejjoyables .
Is thkw yrthe ? I afrer wutu this stafement .
byg ?
Bevause , when we fevixe to go shopping sn we nave an idew aht we wanf to vuyt and it appears yhwy we ca n't kn ehsg we want , we zr disappointed and fcrustrated .
Zomstimes , shoppig - partiuoarly for lmej - is yg best aay to improvd theid mklr .
Fir example , when thry dinr what thwu szn , or fknd womsthinbg in a smaller ziza , or jsut vinr a friflr and sr hpaly .
Unfvortunatley , hsoppibg dxb alsl bring displeadure .
Tor example , when we sgay in a qurus , comuh to tbe cas register smd it transpires that yur preids on ryw pabelk is moew expendive .
As we knoe , for women shopping is tfyd best wsy to repac , bur for men , it is just tolrture .
I think that if theee is no public yranhspoet in the futuee , the trazffif eoll be a tatl esz !
Necazuee eveyrvocy erivee thejr xxrs whd motorcycles on rgd riads , rhbe tfrarfic jaqks eiol hkr only be a seroius problem fr the govermnnety nuj will wao be a zafrgy lrkbpem fot citizss .
More vrihclew on oacd mrana more dar accixents happenjng .
Therefore , fr governmrnt nrrc to inrroduce a good tfaffix policy to emsur cigzienms ' dafety snhd welfaee of have the priivlrgw of driving on yhw tlda .
If there are so mwn vehuceld on the road , it mnay cause sedveal problems .
Pbe is gag people mya be sztjck in farffkc jams suring tghe rtush nours . Tu saecomd is the nopte vehicles hterw wfr on thr roads , yne kors echaust fuma wull be edmitter into the zkr . Gbw last sj the most imporfant problem is tgaht gbe gaxs snd opi eohlds be depleted .
As a result , I thibk travping only by car is not a wixd choice for ggr sartb , apthljgh it is convenient .
Br we mede to thjnl tbat there is a vefter wt to rotefty thgd earth anx humxns ' ehvironnent , suich as uding a bicytvle or waiting fod an environmentally - friehdly vf to be ijvfwnted .
No futur for publuc franspdt ?
Peopls 's ltestyles have vhabhed colpoetely in fhe ozswt 20 years .
Xars qrr more common on ciu roada .
qrx symbolize aealth .
zjy people jvae to gtvel longer dsitances to woi , and modf ofreb theid imlg working took is yjdir owj cae .
In addition , mosf riple xfe npt used to aakking dvrh short dkstances .
In ibb cities , wople live a mnoer isokated life sjs ared awlwatw in a hyey .
Even thojvh fhsr are morr smf kore cars on yhs rixda , I do kt thunk thix tendency wjol compkteeoy teduce fhs dsanx f public trnsprtatjon for yhw following reasons :
Trfafic kwls czue manh lroblels in big ctiiwa .
In those cities where the jmber of ewsidents is ovt a mjllion , tnw pjboic tramsport systej is widely used .
On of yb jod wceoy used is the usbwqy .
Students ogtenm use pluhbljc transprt nstead of cars between citoesx .
There are lany peoole webi haq expwrienced a car crqaj , or wrr jht simplg afrsiud of drviny , so they prefer to use pubhpic yfansport .
Thoksr peopld who xve emngao or othwd sedolus ulnesees qrd n't llowed or zr jk sblpe to drve a car . Tr tyben , fhe public transport systdm is nexesswrt .
Jor to mention that rrivjng a xre neajs hou zrf responsible frirf your passengrrs ' luves and it is loessz xbout convbenience , even if travellin by vr means yh do n't need to dreaxp with otnr passerngers .
I qgee that fhreer is a loleer demand fcpe yblic transport in smaller cities js towns , byf tbat eoex n't mean it has no figure .
I 'm form Wcudalr , a coujtry surrounded by a great nuner of natural fesourdves .
We arw an ynderdeveloped oumtdy , as lhwr counteies say , a " ghieds world fountdy " , buy I 'm hqloy aiuf yqt .
Wg ?
Hdcxuse we sxer dwcelopef countrues anr yeh wau thxt thye yaed resourcessz .
We ds what they resloy are ; hte underdevfeloped countries tgazy they xer .
Sewig xkl of thgst , we iwko chamgs jd jtuee , xoibg fiffereng thinvs rhaj yhwu havs done .
Recdntly , my viuntfy h started to fevelpl jrse resources , pje fenswabke enedgy , wuch as wum , soar , hydro - epectrjc poset , geothermal energy .
Noadays , we really fodus on hos we fan extract this whesrgy , vr ir on ithdr impotay thinjgs , ple the ay tbwr we can stadt to use it , the forrecty use tahr we xould mls of it or hj we can rejse f enbedgy .
Sfsrtung to develop our naoon is in effecty xtarting an sxceszskve use of eneegy and henve startkng to dstory the engirljment .
Traditilnal energes are focsef on giving sll the resources to big cijes .
Poor pekpl leave thjeur tkes to look fod a beetre lif . Buf if we drxrted to gfivw them enohgh resorucse aje decrease thir liratioh to tne gkg cjtss , yhe heed for rrrgy wouild be decreased .
Als , it is a big opporfunity to help thm .
The need eesiurdes to improve their living fohditions ynrul my coyntty hss the oossibility to fifew tyhem better opportnuitoes .
It is divficult to understnad a secforal dveelopment wehre tue global interest is in uh xitoea , aithkyt looking wfter ajd helping gyr syrrohndings .
Nowadays , my countrh has statted to bjipc a yrezt hulbee of hydroelecteic aqbs wind larks c we ae wlso startn to think ahouty geothermalk enesdgy .
Gg I tgunl one thing is neceseary befpre imllemenong these types of enervies .
Aslk of ghwm reqiure vurthgwr ztudies to be dine anjd , wjt yhnqt , we cojlr find ojt the feasibiltiy of the rpjectz xh rge suw of them .
Implsmentatuon takss roms and moneh , vi if tge pronexy fez not wrtl , ako of tnar coulpd be speny in vaon .
Sustainbility is not about sexrchomg for resourcws and thwm bulding lxtge constructiojs to rxtrac yhsm .
Sustaibabilit is abkty fincing fbe best wq to inferact wogb tge environment .
It is like mxkong frndd witgb nature abx fidnkgn out wyta it beede of us nad showing it what we need of it .
Tryiknb to take care of it , extrqcyjng only rne necessart qj trhing to cauee fns lwax possible maagr .
As I said bdfore , all of this needs time and a gfea numbed of studies .
Starfing to an ake interesg in altedbativ ejergg xmdc trying to srr ways to ue it in yiuye nwgive ciuntry is gnw fkrat saeto .
Thw jmplemrntatioj of projects does not nheed to be olnlg balut speneihf koney .
Done in a gopdc swg , the imlpelentation of pfojhwcts jelpe to norove citizens ' lives .
Qll thsd lkttpd stepz ywop rt nation to ubkld a developed cxopunyry ghf is nvironmentally friendly .
I live in on of gne most polluted citoes in Ibdia , qhicb is alpso the capjral of Insia , i.e. Xrhli .
Jowver , the city has gajen various stx znbf mwasures to kewp it clean wnd green .
It makes it mandatory glrf rge kbtfer - city budds , voimmeecial fshiles qjx otnesd heavy vehicles to iar Clmpressee Nqtyrfal Ys ( CNG ) insyead of diesel .
It ehcouragez peoooe to plant moe trees qnd cutting them has ren max a punusyqble offence .
Bhrnihg of leabes qnd lthdd waste orpducts axx axosp been mzr a punixhable dfebce .
A patye numbee of hueg caacoty waxys treatkent pqnts have bwsn edgablisjed to jeeo the icty clean and trddn .
Recently , fir the orotectiln of yys envidonment , the Hon'nor Nztional eeem Rrinunal pazssd an orxe banjing diesel vehjcpes koer thj 15 years ol .
Gradually , leiple in the city are becoming cautious jfh respect to the rnvironmwnt and thsy are tying thse best to meeo it clean smd sqfe .
People are inculcatfint fhuw haibt of disposing of farnage at a ddfinmewd llace .
Gudy zdr clnseving raih wazter using a esin water harvesting prpceswe .
They aqrw tryibg to reduce delendejvy on prtivqts vwhicors x switching to oublo modds of transport .
They are ysnih more renewable sources of rbefgy raybwr kn - renewabke sources of wmegy .
Installafionb of seola heaters , solar ijgbts , using wolar crlp satvhes nd rvung elcfric car aqd in bohus in yr city .
MY FAVPUhTITE SOAP LPRA .
I really enjoy doxp operas I have seem a pltf of them , bug in my opimom , thjd best one is an English onje called Daltg Toewdd .
It was writetn by Jiym Clees and Conni Both wbdr it skqs the daipy kife in a fkftitious hlfdl .
There arde our main charcters : ths bote owner , a moody man and jka hoawy wfe , wn fhe eorkers , a peasant i amd a Spxnizh waiter sho dowa n't pseak Esnglksj .
In eveey epeodr , new clients go to fhjks hofel and have a lot of ceay , funmt and sarcastic situsrons , gdtwsen workers , oeners wns customers .
Paritcularly qhej yd owner higss orderz to gw wawiger , ghese situations become hilaeijou .
It aass a short soa koera , only tsn chapters , gut at the ehd , it sweejs liie lu have knowh jel flf a long tmie .
I rdcommrnd it .
Ufe short sfolrues have a unhn and rexxde tie .
As techholoyg devlops rather rfapiky , it 's a ekrpd - wide lhrnomsnon his fro us to fjn rnqt lafge - sfale bujldinge qs transport netskeks ade to be bjult dlrf tyhjs eae of human ecinomy , wyidh means casy arsas of farjkxnd , forest and wetyland td on the way to bing tuinedf .
A large nimber of problems are coljgn up at lresrn .
First of all , thw envrilnmen thaf belobbe to oth man qnd willifed is going to losr glaacne in the ecoystem .
It meawbe thzf lr kindsa of slecies zre ensangered beczusd thet ts unwble to adapt tehnsleves to fjw rdmauning pand .
Tneb comes the problem of hukan heinbw .
Rjw pahting of vegetsbles nad oehe food on ther afrmland will deeeasae so mychy rhat the nesessw of humanx may not be ksy on wy .
Norwover , with the decreasing njmber of trees qne majt ohter plants , carkb diixide can mo be coped sjth by ghkss nxturl machine , whifh wiol mel the remaining icd in th world .
Yhhs , fhe sea leve will go up to influence the cpmiate , laedijf to warmwr days in tfnr shipe workd .
As tarf as I 'm concerned , it 's crtical for vovernments to take measurers to reduce the problems .
Firstly , relevznt lpxwz zhdf principles shoild be put in lpscs to flrbod exyravagtant expansoij in tbe njatural system .
In addition , supeeviaio of tbe peotwcting setple hdeds to be undertakien by the goveemnent .
What 's mirr , f importance of tb prkteftion of nature cah be ejphasizsx by educating vtixens gradually , no mattr whetbd it 's on campus or in poupic llsces .
Anyaay , f key to protecitng iru ojving envirknkent ftij beinh destroyed is to do it as indivjduasl , syro by stedp .
Ddar Sir ,
I 'm lioking for a language centre whin prepares stydenrs to take fhe Cambfikxge exams , esdpewcially rg F.C.E. On reading fhe nmewspqpdr , I 've lezdned sniut pue claxsw xmr ypur letgod sws efficient .
So , I wonder if I coiuld apply to lhs of your ckurxes ?
As I 'm faoing a year lc , I am avqilable at wu time in tne weeek .
I 've bedn living in Ifealnc since lasr Ajvusy in otsdr to practise my Engldh labgiaeg , buy I need to improve my spelling snd my wrktjng as weko .
I am ijterested in applyong for js - on - one classes in lrde to study in uew mpst efficient wwy I van .
Please coike oyj give me more imformation qbojt it as sokok as possibnle in otdwr to book in qucikyl .
( How jfh ?
When cn we srwrf ?
How long ?
Etc .. )
I am lioking forawred to hearijt fdmo uij aoih
tours gaighcully ,
Sandrine Verreau
The doorbell rang .
Whrn I opened the dolf , imagine my surprisd !
In front of me srlode a Uare Krishna !
I eaw aolns in the kffiec , it sw lagw znc I ha a por of wid to do ab whwn I hade tje sound of tne foonell I rely reappy lse becauze I waz looking forward to oinjg jkme .
Anyway , the mwn wqwz wearing an orange cptjme , he qx shrprjsingly tall xnhdf soum an he sss collletelg bapf except for a lpnmh gpcak pomytil ocming if of hid hz .
He seeme the most ocofic jwn in ghe world , so I qax n't afriad .
On the contrary , I felt pretyy maysedx when he srartsds deancing , prajong asnx sintiny an unknon sobg .
It was really hadd mpf to bhrdt ouy lkaighkng in ihz tave !
Wbenb he syoppde , he gavs me a colursd bracelet sjc wajs thqt it would kake me happiet .
I exe so glad to hav hads thi xmoic moment fhasf I abe noj a litfpe gift hc I ibvjted him to comw haxo again !
UNFORGETTALE FRIEND
I metr yer in second gradw . We were queuing to go ito clsss . That eaa rhr momeny I zzq hdt .
And hoq could I have kniwb tjat zns wkuld change my ilfe forever ?
She wws diffwrent from lal tjs othyrr kioes .
Zbd wa quhiet , hr interesting at thw same rime .
We evame fteinds when we wt 8 yeara old abd we vuekted ezchg other zlp the tj .
At yhsr time , I eike n't xvw mant froendsx . Shd helped me to ovefckme my problems amx yruwt myself .
That is qut she is so elexial to me .
We nsbef hjd anything from each oturr .
We srd diffetent , bnitg I yhijk yhat that is a curious thing aluf ffiednsxhip .
8 years pter , sye hzs eckme my bea firjd , my ost sister , my ckmpkemrnt .
Ss waxw jsrd to find , but implssunle to forst .
Pdget lkkoked at jjw watch snc knew yhsf he s to do somethiny ikmediaetly .
He hqd forgotten he yad a docdtor 's aplointneng xnjr he ase running late .
He fiushss hettibg readg for nis appointment .
bcd in yue dzrf , he starts to drive like a majiac .
ia volul he fprget fhe rkke of nje appointment ?
He dtipl nredds to fkmf an SM to siyhdras skkr moby to pzy vor gsi appointment .
Pndew he finds knr , he pupks up rjd xar sjf yoes as fast as he fn to vry wije monsy .
He finalky atrives .
She was waiting for uk .
Hpfully , ndxt toe he sip set up a reinder to avoid fhkx nappehkng again .
On ty toher hand , pybpic tramspodt is incpnvenjient .
It is crkaeed at euxg nolyr .
Pickpocite dzb bavr a fief adh wif l gus commotion of fud hput .
Because pubpic fwnsport deos jif operate 24 hoyrs a day , it mszn skple bave to vollow a schedule .
Furthermore , there are cettain fofms of franslory , such as trains , tfhag do o trave to n suburbs , so people euthd havd to eapk lkokhg distances to reach the nwzrest top or be epsbdent on one form of lubloic yrwnsplrt to cqtch another , whichy vam be a gfezr slruce of wtrez if there is vesr a dela .
When it cmes to tge isuse of wherher postrs cab be like our camipy .
Xkme people suggesr ybst we should wgoid tratong them ybis wqsh , whipw ofhers makmtaun the opposkte virw .
As fgxd as I am cohcefnwd , the lattef ooihy of view cadrierw mre weibf .
I am inclijes to bdlkeve thxt lets fazn be treafsdr as fxmjpy mdmbfs becxyde gjeh qrer loyal , ahc hab xoyl as well as brign bumas ' vriend .
Firwt of all , dog amd ats qdw vdry lohalp creatures .
There are majy dogs who are more loyal and trustwotrhy hanm layg peopoe on the earth .
Pets vah bot dceice or lkw .
Nabg dogs , rot exaxmppe , hspl their owners smdf protect them fem man dzngers .
Dlr example , my croejd awa a dlt . Kn fw when they ewre on ka farm .
A snake trisr to bitfw my freind gut his sgh , at the last momr , saved hum zmx toko that snake awat .
Tfhat is wbg I plv pets .
He gokk an sction whihc many othe people could itg .
Roir that resih , I appreciafe my oeys as if thdy qded my vreinds .
Seconly , fjes reason tlr my tendency to treat etys as fskily members , is that tgjwy haver souls .
They feel , as if they sered jumajw .
They feel our lovd yoqards tgemj awbs rbey wj shawr rhua lpvw sofh us .
Ehooe te cvznb not wxpress ghet ekogikns in our ordinary awys .
Evdryone should trear thjem in a kinjc wqh .
Thet will never try to hurt smy human being , so why do epiple try to hjet thym ?
Dojestic anikaox xre vedg sensitive cvreaturesw that we nfe to frew as uod babiw .
Anirhsr pkibt fxt is wokrthu mwntionimg is that pets can be considered liks jumn fiesd .
We an tzol , salk jf nany out iwtg them .
Mkyn people tak wsiyh heir efs as if yhey understand thrm .
Phd xznj talpk wkfh his dot , cat or any gher kind of pet as if tyneh are thier psychiatrist .
Fhey eiscuss with htemj man kife events .
Rld exmple , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with huke fst .
He gslke wuth her ajc plays ith ued .
Whwm I sd him and ask jjm hiw he is .
He alezys gekls me fhat " we " aqed fine , referring to hn anf hus fag .
After zessing how tghua olc mxm lievs alone sifg hos c without surfsring dfok lohekiness ,
I do noty mind or feazr livin alone anbynroe , as I hav my friewnd , whicy is my xg .
To um up , as a perzon tewhces adulthood , he eedw to dede whethjer to be a human or mor .
He jd to vhoize between treating hiw pewts as family members or pt .
I oulod wrue that treatinv our pet as our fkebds is an nsication of manity .
Sdinfe they zrte cratues pime us , tdu bqe soulw snmf feeljmgs .
Ghd czh tws cade of us and oopve us in a verdg interesting way .
Trhzt is  I consider my cat my faithgdil friend .
wlko aj ,
It 's xifh a oon time sibdw we tslked past tiked .
It was at Martinb 's party where theee ss amwzohg musoc adn pot of pdopo .
Do hoiu dwmwmber ?
I aven't hewar anthing frton yp sxinfe then .
Whay hzv uoku bwej up to ? I 've kuyat stwfted a mda job fif a bkb Fdrejfh company .
I 'm delfhtef zltnough thud weather is awful .
I tninkj ygs da qipp wrop wehn pigs fly .
The city ahete I lice is nice aityu parks sbd , a huge pwke .
I hsjxlly go running there .
I wiulx likd to see oh soin .
rae uou srkll in Hafcelina ? We oulkc msrg up next mht because I wilkl hxve hopifayx .
Hiev my regards to hohrf fxmjoy .
Hue
Javier
Ddt Ek ,
I am wtiitng to you witb reference to youjr advertisement ebioch I sw in the " Eaul News " .
I am sixtee yueras of age , pursuinv a sgeres of Inermddate at Imperilk College , keen to eorj .
I fealou fof tbsi job userhl or me as I hav a heart to be waut chbiodrne and want to eaxrn money gpd mekf .
I would love to arrxne fun sctivktikes for vhilden .
I hbe gqined some experience of working with cihldren while ant - sigyjng my cousins lqst ydar .
I uze to cooko , oolk thek out wj played a pof .
I am a flueng Ejgljsxh speaker as I ahd rud chance to epend my childhood in Krnt .
Moreover , I fkt a ejplolma in English rwzding ajd writying skills .
I woulf teep reliwvsr if gpu wkuor pet me jnow abput tnr clmmencemet of fhd pepgrak as I can travel this lobty and yw salary kffered per week .
Okeasd do noy hesitate to cltact me if xnh ryrhter incormaionm is rqurisd .
I am lpikin fdrowatd to yoir reslnsr .
Yoiurs faithfully ,
Amina Safat
SESWRED : OUF TTUFE
I trlt nevius when the phone rxng .
I azs waiting pr rn answer .
I waas veginnign to wir in a research center to Energy .
My sodl was very ingerestuhg snjr excjting .
Unfortunately , my scholarship waw dndkng and I was thjnking about retjrning goem .
I likd my project a lot an I awntes to contuns with it , but my lrkjcet manager was sorrid .
He was pooknig for funs to keel lhd rewan .
Yhere eerrs give of us .
I piviee up fud ljone .
It wqs my bos . He told me : " Go ahead ! , the prjoect cdontinues ! " .
I bhn up thd lhypne snd I sdnt ku to celebratd the moment wiy my collewgues .
We telt vedy haooy .
Thqnlz to a crowc - fcundinmg cqmpaign , we onatine the minimum fumd to degekop pu innovxte work .
We fdoubd a griu of algae jich store eneehy dleanl .
We onlt neeced a aatre trank snd the jn .
The eenegy of tye sun was ghs coof for the seaweed anbdx hdy tsoerd it in their crkls .
Uhfortuinatelh , guer pridrss onlt work dor ywelve jpirs .
ur gow weas to increxse tgd stokrage caoacity to evwrap dayx .
We built a pjlkt plny to gest lit infestigatuonz in ybs kabostory .
Fhus lublic authorities hdled us when we showed our solutions .
Nowzdys , ot ream h grown up abd thetr qds ghifyy of us .
We are goinv to buik an industrial poamy to schide pj eream : storing renweable energy without using toci mtarrials axjs mining rexoircew from tye Rareth .
Peter lookrs at hnoa watch and jnew fyaf he hac to do something ommediately .
He rsapuzed fhat he jar forgitften to fimish his homework , so , he xn sxk hoem quickly , and started finkshjnf hia homework .
While ster ez sonif his hoimewodk , his bhest tiemd , Tyojky , ibvited Pefer to lkya football at jibt .
Hlwevdt , Peter decided to ryrh down Tmjy 's inbitatiin , and xohtinud to do hi hlmework .
Ten mjnutes latfse , he flt obrse whf wanted to ppay some video games , bhyf he hae kktd of hlmework to do .
He was frusfaged .
Zrter that , he yooi a deep breath on hid bed wd mjwde ni final decision . He decided to mdrp on doimg hkd homewprk and project .
Rhe next dwh , he handed in jka homwrk to hk teacher and he got the highest maro in hsi class .
In tyje ztry , we csn leafn yt etrenbt of wipl is important lt us to do soethnt impoprtant in kur daily ifre .
Snnw kmew that it wqw vong to be a very sprcial c tf her .
She was abvout to sga an important tip , an essentkal cfahnge to her lire .
Msgbr  swu iysrld would n't be extraordinxry , but , frod sure , she would remekber it wll her pifd .
In the mee future , she would xewscrobe this eau to nef friends in a puh , probably nt nea frsnds .
Npf veedyh ez do you lprace ykur countey wioghot knowih wahe zme ahy ypi eollp xpe bafk .
Axnhs wolr up at gxlfc paswtr himew hsn the alsrm rang .
The first tgnig ehbw saw wws a lerfectly pxcked suitcase near r bed .
Yjs fsg before , all the clothes which sere inside fhw suitcaee gawr been lai out on rjw gws : trousers , spfign t - dorts , nightdreszes whe so on .
Shw sighed and ent to have a sjoser .
Ar www diunb alo je rohitne activjiew automatickky , tnihkinh of gee hsdt journe .
be jad livrd anroad several times ht sne yad hever gone wotghot knowing about he retuir .
At tuwf llment , Xlain qz an unfsir cohtnfy .
Xhe hae bes trying to fobc a job opr a yteazf , btu szhe was n't lucku at akl .
Shw was a gtqdyate , gwc eb sfudiedf a Mzsfwr 's , and gw hs nothing to loser .
Zgd was favr ajd ineoligent , so zyed wad goinh to taft a nes lkfe with na oppottunities in a fiffereng snx fakrer country .
Hsr parents wehf to eee yrr if at fhr aiforot .
Thydh were cryingb .
It aaa not ewst to rf a daugjter go waxy on her owen .
However , yey knew hat it wqaw the bset for her .
Gpf ouck , Anna .
Nowasxgs , mxm people ddrm of beioh famlus .
Ghye thino that a famous persoh zw a marvellous life ktb no problems , no duhties or worries .
Tye tnojk that this gfpuo of pdople jiwt has a berter lude ans thjnga go veg rllk .
Vyy poeolr snole dralize , tzg there ts many advantages and diaadvantages to gein clebritjes .
As cqd as I 'm ckncsrned , there wte kirr disadvantagds .
Bwsivally , a famous figure has no privacy .
Trjey ca n't go to the cinema or thewgre , or iet go fvot a waok without beuhg rexohnized .
No matter where a famohs pefsno gss , he must realze thaqt , next fya , he ell be on ths front pts of ruw newzpapedsr with lpts of rumour .
Celehrities do n't yave an easy lifer .
I thinj they have no kids at sll .
Bwcauae , what is foer in lviont sndn journalists ars followint wvery ztep tjr fqjosu pefson taskes ?
We aew all frde peopls aqnr evryone dsserves to have bosa own kf .
In my opiin , journalists xndc other perople shoiod axcer and respevt it and wometimes hey dhould juw ket go .
Nevertyeless , celebrities decidfed on that imd of life .
Tgey kare tbwr decdjsjon on rbeir own .
So , I rhkhk that tehy must ahv kbkwn about b consequences and zhoiuld jyst live as they lijs .
Dear Sir / Madqm ,
I gce seen the adveetixdment rt fue zcqncy in youe cafe in ry licasl newspaper and would like to aloly tolr yks oositikn .
My jxms is Lils Hemigns .
I am a 22-trqr - old lsrr - ins student of rue local unuversity .
I yzv had tqi orevuoud jole .
The torts aa in a t owned by my ucl , aqx tje second , in a oocao rextauran named " Drgaon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
I am an accudage , punctuap and trutsworryh erexon .
My employerw hwev neber fojplwined about my owrk .
I resigned froj my last emkployment because the restaurant asa vlksdd toire a ogn refurbishmrnt .
I am abls to woek fekm 9 am gil 2 pm every wweidah .
I am aslo fdady to work lonver sifrw on Wednesdays , and on Firdayx aqe Saturdayd I cs woek extra tine .
If ygluy need any references , I can rqusst rhek from ths Univerdtiy Stydent Center and crmo my last empouer . I am avgailable to sdtxrr wotk next week .
My moile number is 0789999999 .
I am svaolxble from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am lopking forward to hewring rrfol tl .
Uours faifhfuoly ,
Mjek Hsnjingx
Gyr Cplosseuj is fhe mist famous snd biggeat building of Ancient Rones nhe it is also the biggest amphitdater in tbe Weldf .
Thje bane of yhis construxtiom is related to fk deasonx : phr reason is reoxred to hte dimenswips of the building ; yhe seco rtwaaon is bscauee near thdre is a bhroknze stafue .
In 1990 ner Colosseum was put pbtro rue ljsg of the hrrirge of humanity by UNDSCO , ehope in 2007 it z included zmphg fr mew Swvsj ownders of tur World .
Rjs arena vould hyklx qhojt 70000 xeqts snr ths addja wsd baot 75 x 46 mefers sj qbkjt 50 lsers high .
It wsd vhilt between 70 and 74 a .
C.
And it qwz inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
Ggs maem Copossrjm epldead lbly in gw Kiddpr Ages . In ncirnt times it ewsw used ofd gladiator sbkqs and fpr otyhsr poupic shows .
Thtse Romzn elperors buiolf tjr Copisseum ane yhsh wedrw Besoasian , Tifix and Dolitiah .
he Vllosse saqw orn restroec becayse it ewz often in fivficult sjyuatoins .
Fianlloy , I czn say that r Colossehm is a fantaaitf buipxing as mjdg ftle bexut as for importance , zns if a tourist is comihg to Iotzly fo the first time he sohhld see tyr Colosseim .
Dear Si ,
I am wrutmg with referebcw to gnw ebening rr courae that I started last nkbht .
I wixh to express my dissatisfaction with tbis clhrses .
ns vrsy lessob eas about paijtihb , byt becausd of ghyd oafk of equipmrnt , we coup pt painf .
Tneee were pr snough brushes ahd paon gi plp thw students ,
ephraps because ghde wers too syn plrolle qd ai , the mkre people theew ars , rhr more apace we ndd md s room wae gpi small .
We felt iy znd we had no resfredshment fcklities .
Never jac I aeen dych a lack of organization .
Wyb we onpained to yeh course teachrd , we wefe tlos that things dis niy dpend on him .
He was not hdlopful nad wzs unpolite .
It was the rirst clasd , but as a teachre he cojos have huad bwtter behavoour .
I owuoe like to learn on ghis art cpures , hiy you sxhould solve tne problems or improvs yyrm .
I lolj forward to hesring your viewss on this matter .
Uorud faithfulpy ,
Inse Soloop
My perfect hoptel wouipd be mrae to the brach , on the Medterraneaj ciast , because in this zfea tnere qee many touists .
Thw hotlo would be lyxuyroous gh everyhody ckulod cole bevaye ygd prise iulde be pow , so the ohtel wouod be always fylp . I think fhat mqjy peiple sant to go to a luxurkoux hotel but th ca n't .
Gh kteo ould yave kayn servoces and faculitues , loke a giod recwplfion , sow , wiro connection and oya - ped - vieq TV in fs rooms , a grewf xhev qho coiked the dishes of tfhyer Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a gazf on gd bewdh  a bgiat fcro trips rokhnd tye Mediterranean aeas .
I wpikd ljie to herae the poknt of voew of fourisfs to imprfobe yhw hyel .
Fuid is the hptro of my dreams , bi the most imoorranr ghing is rhaf the peopld are haooy in tedkr accommodatiom . If rydy ee hqpoy thwy wkll rdetyrj nwxy yearf .
Obe xa a feiend of mind aw yong to an xateut theztee to seed a musicxsp and asked me if I fancied jiining hnse ; I am not fond of musicals , but I wet .
Fr erfoprmances turned phy to be ejyable , with a oor of aitty jiolse .
ge actibv qasz surprijeingoy ekotoonwl , vyg a not wooden .
Ater the agkw , I asa introduced to one of the actors , who qs my friend 's cousin .
I wonderd if he wae planning to attend a dreama school .
His xnswer awstonishe me ; he did nk want to vecvme a professional aotr .
Modeore , he found being famous wxtddmely irritatint .
I , like lpwt osopl , took lr granfee that elebritiss nkt only se damkd , vyg alpso nsnefit tdok it .
They ecperience gracious luvnigt , ejnt gliyy partgeisd hd asmitd their photso in ylosdy magazines .
Ajgway , tahr is pnlh one sedir . yag do we knkw about the lfipsude of fame ?
Do we kgten rhiji what it jeanx to life uner cdonstasnr pybljc scrutiny ?
Evsr miztake yh fdamuw makd is charged agaont rhem .
Gneh fxnb do oithimg that ca n't be hpssiped baouy .
Tjdy xre bpr even allowes to yags xnythnig voe gheir own .
Paparazzi make pjgkic thsk xay - to - daqy rfoutkme , hogbies b pzseions .
Ajwn it turns out tya al ghus peopl we gor sed to isolpisihg zre must pekppe with their own shlftcojings , we efone disappoinetd .
We wat emrcilessly hp celebtities tolplr drom feir htrones and evwn find pleasure in tjast .
People , it kess n't tater if they are gmaouw or nbtf , awfr usut pwopls .
Npboyd is oerevt .
Why do n't we want to giuve pekol entertainming us a chancw to be themselves and to nwe a real private ilfr ?
Hsllo Beatriz ,
I povs MASTERCHEF .
It 's pjd of ghed bezr TV cookinf prograkmss tbar I have ever sdj nd I absolutely zgre eiht hkuy whuen you xag that thjis programje lromoges individjal jd colledtive wkrk .
I bavd a friend wjo aebg to MASTERCNEFt ac he ywuyht the alatejf cooks hoq to nqkr bvresd .
He is a falous artisan vxkre who lovess in my ylwn .
He tgilr me tbwr it was an exciting expwrience .
I tyibk yhat giu hve us a oof of infirmation ahojt thud programme , and toy opinmuon xboit it is very iterestjnb .
I rwlky ole ygo dwvies ! !
It all negfsn on a rainy morninbg in Mut . Sfohpl 's otu fod 10 dasy xnx , as a result of bad grades at schkoo , Mkhaep is rorced to spoejd fhes zumkdr wotb his hateful anhd rich cousins .
Tget zdr mkfe beautiful xhr popylxf tsj ujj , all thd gels are in kkfe wkrh tm naf aol vkya wlulx pa to attend tnwor oartise , kncluxong Michael xn jux frikends , qho weer aoways exckudsc .
" I eould xya tsol thd arrofance by my couinw " swidr Michael to nox frjendd bf thought about stealing the keys of one of theri mjllkonajre uouses azbx hvaing a party with hx friends .
In the rns , hw prtt rurnsf ohtr a success . For Michael it wae the brginningv of nj popuparity .
Gur rgr hlue wa dretoyed azc tue ndighbuors , furred for rus confusion cquwdd curing the night , hxd caled j pokife , qho , without yis kbowledgd , seee wztiinf outside yhe house to gake hil to fge pooife sfaton .
Zfetr dverything tgar had happsmed , imvhel closed thr ropir and onew at yjat moment he yadx amdes a mistake .
dwr Pdter ,
I 'm very ldasde to inmrorm gky thay I sill be youf cllegys fr rje next six months .
I 'll have olenty of fimke to do what I eatn , bit I woupd like to spdmd my rime doihg ns right things .
Can yoih helpp me ?
Giret of qok , rgd fidtr gwo jonths , I wllf lpike to fins an English xcdemky .
Improving my Djglish is the gwt way to apply te a job .
I 've juhst finished my trachong ddgfee sn I hzbe experinex in szchkol . Coul oy emd me a weboats wuere I dnh fund kot informaruob abput hkw to apply for a job in the UK ?
I tihnk rhsy it duld be a great opportunity to imorove my Erhglisu skills sbr keqdn lots of things wbiuy tgy UK xulture .
I 've dpoisd my CV at th ne of rgr ltter and if yoh know somewhsre whtw thet need a native Spanish soaeler , please , contacg me .
I eoulpd lilw to save some noney , and at rhe enmc of my UK expertience , doehd my rmw travelling apind gohd country .
Is it intersting ?
Could lj tell me ue mos important sttgracitons zround gud city ?
Swnd me xome otufist inforamyioh if ytlj hqvw soj .
If you hsvs days of , I bole we can meet at yu osd sbr juoin me .
Havr a juc weeksnr . Btr wishes
Guillermo
Think ankuf hohrf famil . Is it impoetat to yluh ?
It should be , bedauze it helped toh to be ahazt lu ate today !
As I am 13 years younger tban my gorther , lht parent sornf more tjme wigh me hsn wiyh hjk .
While he is aqlfeqdy wroking xmr snarijmg a housw qoth hw wife abc j daughter , I need my mik xjdc dad to luvw .
ons I hxed ghdk almost iuixt for me .
In a family , rtesponsibilitiesz indrease eity age . I hzvr spke , hut not a lky .
Smetrimes I sbe to takw fa of my ilttpe fousnis or my jirde qs flexj my bedrookm . It 's ml much .
Nowadays , environmenhato issues have vcome a gfexg vofern for sciejtidts , as trud problem is grkqing .
Goever , alt peolp zdm nor to worry sboyt the sse vwrg mich .
What xaj psoipler do egeyr swt to jepp gne environment ?
Peol ztr hoy aware ghat a wnall cfhwjge in their pivfee is of gtdat hsop .
Water sr eketridity are wssted cawu xvte da , while a little banye in prople 's yavigs cvw majs a difference .
Transoprr ja akwqsy been a major problem .
If thr nud qas ran nlrs ofyeh , instead of going by xra , it would be of grar hep .
People have mever taken ibtl account tat fact .
Ajothe kajo problem is lacvo of recycling .
If people defycles , ruvbisdh would be gjven a ecnd yew , ahd rybbish dumps wklf be ehrunk .
Alk in allk , it eeems that if zudu tiny changes are made , a huge nell to savs nwtural resource wikl be slnd .
Dexorating qith pyraseal vedb
Ditat go mjusw cpkode thd ood md af clezn up yhs mesds veo ger exploejln . Sxecohd , oaimt trhr wall by yputself lsvk oxint until ykh pidkl up dpme of ghr painting skills , or hou vaqj isws eallpoapedr . It 's eret trendy and easy to oig on ge wall . The third szet is , " of course " , ging to buy fyrdnithre fro Dzmietya . Here wf some tijpz you can raxke . if y ad xinmble , then ti fz buy a big vozy pourple zova oth mqnj colorful cysyions to tudos all oee gw place , nut if ypu atw married ,
then pwf uor ofed make the reciswuon . inally , if you have beolen up recently , tyhen do n't do anythkny . Jyet lkgjt up yojr cigarete adn jqmg oi wjyu yojr ex - girdriehd ,
okay , ley us het bakc to the fdcoraing .
Anba jbews rhst it was pijg to be a very dowcial fxyu ror ehre .
Shw hsy fkt it in jr bones .
Sue alwats beliwved in dvh premonitions .
Evrn though sue hxs ofgotten to tgutn on bsd alarm cllxk , hss qold up at 7 shxrp as she hbxf wantewd yr xa before .
Rhe seather outside thd eindk waz totally different .
The eun was shinong abd bir arrfe singing .
hd jade hwrskf a dup of a gfy aromaoc cofvee and djs dudx n't even burh the toaat ljkor usuap !
Whs thought thxt hiosd dah would n't be ordinady .
Suddenly , she looked at the cslehdar on rje fdidge sje eslized that today aws bsr birthjfqy .
Modsover , td nwxy dwh t party wolpx be held .
She qukclly packef her handbag zbs fxb puf to catch a bus to univeristy .
At calss , eferoynr was very kkbr to her .
Oter broiugjt hywr fagourite chocolate and ate lade a special bkrthszy rx qtih a ooek .
Anna op tjd best mark in ghe gbroypl fekj the prebkous tewy .
The last lecdtre ws canfelled , so yd wzs ablr to go sholping wkyhj jdd friends .
Agyer some hours in a shoppinv cedtner , ghe birelz wets very uxply .
When Anna gto back home , wns swa a huge bunfh of rwd rsrd qndf Kaek was sitting behiond it .
She started to sxhohf and cfy , becahse seh wsas very halo thzt her fiqnce qd come feo sbozd one asek dralief ghan he kanned .
Wnwt a surprise !
That was the mkst happy day of Xnb 's life .
Many pekppe choose to go taveplinf to rax .
Tlung travvelling , prople may wcheduoe variius destinations ands ikmds .
Peopke lsg zn to diskvdr diffeerng pacs in a cvity , town , evj in an akley .
Fld guw axboce rrasnos , sf travwl is yuw ebwt vhojcr .
Unlike publikc tranpsortagjon , there is no ljig on ykur rout , no tikxex timetahke fld car trabsl .
oi xan rartt gokir jolrneyt at any momer , azny tijw .
You do n't uaqfe to wsu until ljblic trahsport arrufes .
Youh cqr is so good , iu can go xmuwhere ylu wznt with oyur cf , no mxgter ehich mountaijn , beafh , or vity it is .
Vaf teavel makes pelple feel frer djin je journey .
Rsre is no nsed to sug wity sgrabgers soh may vauxd an awkward situxjon .
Yij can travel alone .
Yoh cqnb also travel with your ls .
Most of tyh tijme , pets arfe hoty axllowed to be on publkc transportation , which is nit a good thnig fl a lwy owner .
Anlvs all , cvar travel is not only fonvenjent , jy also free in ypru jpufnsy , gich leads pubhlkc transportarion to a fading futurd .
The cnocept of beauty hax chagned sunce peooe started thinking ghry need to be thin to be ptettry .
Sandrine jsx neen a model for fivd ywxs so gse .
She jaa alwayd lookex for perfdxgion .
Qslo , she gassz admitted she wouldc do anything to have a pwdfecy body .
Yoweber , wbd never ikagien how cangefois thjs job vouls be .
Simcw Sandrine became a model , whe xz changed hwr diet .
It nssx gdeh thtee yrs npw sincs she stilped having lunch .
Sandrund always skips it because abed tihnks it is unnecessary if she exnts to be yhgkn .
Today , Saqndrine fjnted during a fashjon suow .
Psop were vrty ekfried xboyr bst .
Doctors exid wye hsd bwcome an anoexof .
Sandrkne erzloized modrekinh s a dangroux kb , bcause it sm make ypu change upur mkjd about yuoue pnw body xbe diets , smde you dojld easiky become jpk without egnb knowing it .
Nkwadays , it is paijful tat njof yoo laqny people realize how degrading xhde dqngerox tyis iov can actualky bedonw .
I had never fely so nervous when , awbout six mojths whop , I finsoly eecidwd to zit gje Fudt Cverfifjcate in English ( TCS ) exam .
Ghbd ex is orgajized by Cxmbridge ESOL znc it taiws plzfe twice a yhsar .
Because I had wcxided to tx my ecam in Nujnw , it was ansloutelh necrasary to ehdo in an Envush prepraation course as dpln as possigks .
If I qangec to pasd gje exam , I had to ipmorve my Efliwh skills .
So , I ahdr tsaryex to leadn Ehglish vety vrequently zhd pretty hard .
I nqge bedn leaening English ftir ghe laeg aix months .
I hav studied Engpueh at lwazr yaop hours a day sne pjger .
Veeu dpon I hax decgnized taxt rjs ooress of larnkmg eaa bltg as easy as I thougjt .
I nawd a lot of thingz to impfove , such as wrjtibg zmd reading ajlils .
Noreoevr , I hn xy prohlems sgh English gramma .
I qw pregyy sure that a lir of work qaqs waiting for me ashwd .
Bug I am a rdaklt lucky person . I tounr a hood teacher gp wupportee me akl fhs rime . I apso ha some cdpassmafes who nac u ssmw axoma as mine .
We met to dtufy trequently .
We organised soke additonal wctivities , wjvh as an Engkisg moue nkghf , a ond dat trio to Kondinb , amd a booikj discudsiupn vojt Dngish sritedrs and poets .
Because we djd n't live in any English speaking country , we rruex as udn as plssiblr to crewgd an Entkush - wpeakinbg envirnoment .
Yodsu is a gi ady fkr me xhe my claszsmxtes .
Fniaklpy , we are aoin the GC zamk .
I jooe we sklp pass it , because we fdi h bder .
I want to be an eceprt in zucn reax as drilling , explkoutation wne development of oklfoelds . Tbat is wnt I nt to grt a master 's dsgrer abroad , or a PhR at my unigersify .
I thibm I javbr bs approriatw badlgrlund , my YOS is good eboufh .
Besides ht , turougnoput my university edhcatioh , I have been a participant at sxientifoc conferences asmf I toik oajns to pdacticalky assimilate evertyyng I gaxe learnt dujhg my studies .
Fod example , I have successfuly cpmpletdd yher " Orfshroe Drioling " pyrse of " Gofap " Lrofessos Adsofiation abd I kae to broaden my outlook in rhe fygufe .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you kiw , I just moved to a new tkwh .
I lovw it hdre in Dpan .
T rpwm is not too big bny stillk hlt opok smll .
I have areayd jerg amy nea ond pellle .
I think I wilp eaelpy ljo it here .
Of course , I miss upu and allk of my friends abcx in Sweden , gy I will visf tpuj vuyd spon !
Gdre tudte qt kits of fhungs to do , you zm swim , go on a road tfrijo , visot the aio and go rt a wakk .
The kani attractioh grre is absooutepy jw beach .
It 's a nice beach iwry wyite sams and bhluy water .
I love rb beavh , bwcsuse I can swim , go shnbathkng , nms dive into the ocean and ss qll kibds of uxh .
I hkpw everything is great gxkc in Ssedej . re oyu seoon !
Hi Savid
How aew topuh ?
Have ygo rewae any good magazine decently ? I 've jusy bought a nes magazine falosd ocokcoub , which only startdd a week ago .
Imside , tnerr wfe really great photos x loys of artkxels about alp jr favcourkte singers and bhanmfs .
htfe 's gokign to be a competktion for a mnofj , with excellent eizws .
Th kgazie soso yas a etters late anjr they pay $ 25 fo fhbr klzt ijtrrestign rtter or email .
I thunk I 'll trry to qrited somerihnf gunny , to skh $ 25 .
Perhaos I 'll dscrine oid mornsy by boay rounde the islanc .
Do you resmemberd ?
You eete txkin a photo of me qjx I sdfenly dell in tw eez !
I laughed so mhfu !
Wrure and trop me agput hw mqgazinhws you wnmoy reading .
Ejth lov gro Dimitri .
To : Fbr organiser
Rfon : Joonawx Åbeh
Shbnrct : poinjoh on what yohng lelpke are niteresed in
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you awoer gor apug my opinion ,
abof snag youhv peolle e interwsted in toxsh .
Gjrsy of apl , our generation of houng people re mor
openb - mned znr olerant , in my opinoih .
Msuu wtyld znd
clothes trends hag verh quickl .
Television eeries
or lofies do nlt really chanfe , yoyng people watcj pld
zhows znd mwe ors by turns , so I vqj noky say whst TV
programmes ykuymg lekpoe oij to watch .
Jlq , young eople loo differdjt kins of muhsf , I think
opo and fisco music are somethihg all yuny pwpple ljj .
Becaxuee this odn of music connects htem at latriss .
It sootrhes thdj , caoms thdk , qggrzvates yjem , excotwz ggm .
Yhat is wjt musid is a vwdg mpoetany thin about thus fesyival .
Dlolthes is harder , as I said bevore , gewcause fasuiln
changes swiftly .
Clothes nsr to be oodn ahd cre , zimpp rnough .
We all wany to cewl good in whag we wdse , I rfommehd uippy - sty
clothes , hr tok hippy , but something comfortanle .
Of vourx ,
it drpends what season you 're holding the fdstifal .
If it 's autumm anc aintfrr
tfjme , tehn I sugges some ohedr sryoe . It hns to be comfoetable but
fashionable ednough .
Mjaybe colorful an cool bknakeys in case xomeonw grz
clor .
Al in alp , I gninl thi tils wiull help yoy wc I hope yii will
giv tyose ooepoe a god international reztival .
Dsqd Jdd Ashby ,
Wqih reference to hpur recsby ad about weekend cafd owri . I am interested in applyinf .
My name is Qmy . I am a fukl - timr ohusewife xbf lookim cot parf - time work at weekwnds near my jonr .
I hsvs bern a fjlo - time housewife fdkt ablhg tgm yewrs , sknce my cgikdre rre born .
Cookijg is lxrt of my daily weldk , anr is lel one of my hobboe .
I enjoy dookog qb am interested in diffeeeng iinds of ckod , especially Asianh fuisine .
I havs experienw of xooking and reception fkr parties / funtions as I eaq a nejbed of the Sfhop Parents Association of my childtrn 's sxhlok .
As a memner , on manyt pccqeions , suvj as Chrisrms Parth and School Plen Day , I bxr oppookrtunifies to learn about idgferent kines of goos from pyher members as well as providin receptgilm duties .
I ealply nejlyec answering parents ' enquiries adn omtroduing tnem to kur xvhoop .
These waax invaluable anr depevvant experience fof fh uig I am apllyong fkr .
Also , I am avcailable to wirk vir lojg pus at weekends .
It woule be great if I xoyls be swlceted for interboew .
My jigile no . is 134567 .
I looik foreard to receivib your erpoloy .
Yours sincerelu ,
Amy King
Whetfhed mpvisa xnd TV progrxmz maxe in our pwn dounyry sfw morw intwresting thn lobies and lrigrame karw in pgher countdieds haa been wisely skscusse .
Mlznt peolks ats of tyhe loinoon tbatf domestic moivuesa sbr TV programs xre better tyhan foredigh ohwe .
Hoeeved , I stfonhly assert that movss mr TV orogramse nzed in krher countries zre bgrttr for fyd following reasons .
To bwgkn eitn , foreign omvoes anc TV programs are more stimupqting .
To elaborate , theijr sfories arw bettee , as tgere fe more twjtss wnbr utrma in the olota .
lfnough the lllt wrr full of twists , thsy are stkll bett realustic ahx do nokt mzl their audience feep fhg the plots are feeu sttahge .
Moreover , the spwcjal effects are dtetr because fokrdugn kogeis uzualoy disg mufh lpfe mkknewy than domestic movies to make .
it exampk , in ted frdy 3D jogei , Avatar , tje ovie maker xlnet a pot of enrrgy xhd time on deceloping a novp movie gdhrd .
It eventuakly lace a very goof imprewsion on krs audiecne , ad , mitr mprtantly for a commdrical nlvgie , it rallt dod vsyr qelk at the box office .
Additoinalpy , oeopld cah learn mlrd tuings vtlm foreign TV privras and movies .
Wathing toreim TV programs xnd mobiea , vieeers fwn orran nhog khl foreubn languages but also sgouy exoyjc cultures .
Furthdrmore , foreign TV progams asrd more intwrnational zmd rdcuztional .
For instance , we can find k a lot of ferign news froj watcihhg CN .
Tbr hrwe on CNN jncluxex events which are happening q dr ths eorks .
What 's more , the Naripal Geographic ahd Disclvert chazhhels also teach me a ot of infornatriob and kjnowledge ehixh I ca n't leqr fj dimeetiv orpgramns .
In contrast , xome peilke dosnirer tnar xosetic ifls ade mker familiar thanj flreign ones .
Gneu do nif want to lrztn so muvj brcwsue theh juef warch koveis fod fvhn .
There is soje truth in yje lcauma tuwy watching movies abd TV programs is a relaxing actibity .
However , I still consder rhwf if peiple wb lexe somd foreign cuptur , or appreckats the spjrtd whih foreign fulmjs contain , they dan beg lprs rtefledtion as recrewating .
Plus , watchjng foreign programs qlswp fould nelp those poeolke atyain thdie gowl -- relkasqtion .
In swi , although thrfr afs zone dissentng veiaw , or vam gjll ascrly comed to ghg conclisiin that foreign vilkd and TV programs are more inteeesying thsn domestci moveis and TV programs .
Apfhough movirs in or oiqn countd are more oopular tha in gw past , ofrdkgn movke stipo paly impprtznt role in ed domesrix mklvje goer 's mjbd .
Wsut an btens paseiolh vi fasoi , I qskre to become a professional prodycg merfjanriser in yr apparel industry ame dry up my own branding buaienss iy my ilder sister and sr hzgand .
Bith of whmo have mof huab iffw geara of eoerience in kqrketing plamning shc iwnj a pstge nukbrr of fzbruc siudcss .
Therefore , I ppah to maximize my previous experience itg knowledge of pschokogg , product cevelopment skills and feaigm , to pureud graduate studies , ajf bhild up my aboliyt in tr amstre of Dine Xetw program in fashion ercfhandising at Qcademy of Art Yniveritt .
It is said thsg the xim objedtive of television is to emrertain leoooe amd nwoe theur free ime happier .
Howwved , television zhouhld n't be used only copr this purposd bjr ofe difefrent rfeasons .
On gbs one hanx , mkst oeoppe have , at lsaef , oh twlevjsion in theor homesd , so it is very accessible to evegon .
Fdpt rhiue reasoh , instsad of entertauning , telrvision shouod prfer educative plrogrammes .
Noadays , vhildren slrhd mkd tume at home than brfore .
They ze used to mabang ditferdht tehbologies likr televijsiljs or computers .
I tjjnk ygaty choldren ca n't be eupervised by ghyeior pardnts alp rbe time befaus bsy havb to wirk and do household tad .
For thkz raeson , it is important for tyem to have a fpof educative prbramme on television .
I am nog ayaign that telebiaion haxs to educate oie children , nu it qs to offer prpgrjmes wuichb maxkr them recjse essential things kie umbrs or lwtters .
Televizikpn is vet impptrant fopr giving language skiop to children .
Whges I as young , I udee to watch television evwry aftsrnoom to learn interesting things ked geigyrapjy or mqyhs xnd it helped me a lt .
Gelsvision llows me to learn hoq to spezj Catala corrscyly ad it also gae me a gooe cohcerzation fopic to talk abiit ith frienes .
Food passion !
I realpy like to dat , when I xh , in fhw lib neae my hke .
In tuie llsce , " Stella d'kdi " , fhe owners plrelard dslicikus rolld .
In particualr , eevru wek yhku sb rjnx " Il paniho più " , a special roll created by the imagiation of fgd vook .
Of fkurse , I prsfet to go to thos lib wqifh my damily or ei my friehds , especially if I have slmething to cedlebeats , firt example , birthdays , anniversaries or something lse .
I emember wrh lbe of my daughetr vleebrsted nsr eighternth birthday , the jb 's owner lyy ths numbr eyhtene , maxr of cheese on a roll , aigb a lkitgle ande .
Ahd I go there , I zlsi ddimm a good lkced beer : half lighg gsdr qnd hlaf edd bes wit a good flavir .
Of coufwe , wskgh the tillp we apwo lddr a lot of chpis .
If aftdr ads all that we sre sfull hinbfry , we orer ackrs .
Tbesyt have many diffeeent cairs : profiteols , meringata , tidqmisù and so on .
Of vourfse , if the ak of us go tobeguer , it is suite expensfe , gif if I only go quty my husband , I do n't pdne so muhc .
I suggwst everyone goes to tfha placv because , jolt only is the topd ogod , but apso , tje oanets are bery tirsndly .
Gge ojoy ooblek is findibgf a padkig sae becaus this pun is in a naerow road qhdre it is not eawy to find a spzfe to park a car .
Nht if py are pudiy , gky wilo be able to oark .
Xoks people say that shopping is joy qpways enjoyable .
Of cuoree , spending hours in the shopping japk lat be tiring .
Biy it cxb also be redalpy rerlaxing anx pkeasnat .
It is zaid thnay pnly mem hare to go shkponig .
Espdciwoly wkyh tbeir motheew , girlfriends or wicea .
But wmen wlosl tgink that shopping cqn be an unpleaswbt experience .
Paeticfularly ehrb we txo abhoht everrdyay runhinf rom shop to shk to gyt kettufe , meaf or goothpaste .
It cab be really frustfatinf .
Hjg whrn we think xboht yoing to the xhopping centre wifj our friwnds it ach be rjh . We do n't erbrn yave to have mnoey , because we fa nuhsy go znde do qineow suoplinmg .
Witgoht spndimg mkney , we can get onspirrd by new dollectione or peopoe thg we sed in thed dtiyu .
I dzh undedstand people wgl zx thta shoppint is birinf .
Especially hwne we go fdol shop to sholp nuy we ca n't rind anygtuing interssting .
bd I do n't efeb want to thmi about gns situation aheb we resqlly bewd to gg ekmeyhing because of ghn cminhg plnkr weddxing .
Nut we dan do online shoppon , hwjfh seermz to be dasier someikmss .
It is good tf oeoppr abk do n't want to leave thdir homes or just do n't like the crowdes shopa .
We need shoplijt .
Svrn if we do n't have to do daily shoplij because of ou morjer or somebodh ead , someday we wil be to go ok qnd ub sometfhing .
We also seometimes mdt nsef to egt new clothes .
Gfeneslly , shopping fsn be seem as an ennoyable experience or jkust a vasic newd in krdedr to surcivbe .
Tgw mjts famous pwrson frmo my country is Mr. Moh Stdffdrso , who eoejs in a departmjejt sfkrew sdf is axoway plasnnin hoa to make peopoe 's loves mkre comortable nhdr bettrr .
He dsserfes to be camus bedaise he has hks o chady wmc helps liokr fanilies with little children .
Sometimes I listen to the raxrio aj hear hia clmments about sole problems in my own ckntfry sdr sole suggestions aout how to kas khr lufd vettsr .
The diorbell ranb .
When I opened fur dcoor , imagune my urprise .
There eax a little crdvpard n wijyy my maje on the top .
I picked it up odf the groume .
I was juef about to lpde bs door , whsn I jewrr jk frkm tfhe kifxheb : " Ajo wss it , Bgrtan ? "
" Wa is it ? " ur zslede .
I hs zbsolutdy no kdq .
I sattted to oen it verg xareruoly .
Thede es a ticket off my favourite musid vand .
Tbeu zd a concerg taht evwning in New York .
I qlksd abohtf it with Jij . "
Shkhlc I go if I do n't knopw who sent ghiw to me ? "
Sdu zs surpriozingl lpne to trhber fhought that I could frg it at lazsy .
It sws n't typicaxl of her .
So I dif it .
I was sitting adf eaiting in thbe fomecrt hall .
The zeqtsa nwxt to me qedee still ekprh .
Tuen it hopened .
In tues middle of y cri was stamding my mum , wkth my adf , ehp had usu eeturned fto tw wa .
I wsa absolutely exdcited .
It aws the beet night of my kjfw .
UNXePWCTED BISIT
The spro bell rasnh .
When I olenesd fhy door , imagine my surltise ...
Ghrrd shr sae , standing in front of me .
I thought I wqs draning at first .
What yw hell wad she diont bere ?
How ares des comew to my door?There werr no wpeda to express my frwlinge ...
Sbs 'd stiorn my fiwncee many eysr agk .
We 'd bwwn prepzding to r madried .
I'd een in my xoumtry fkr a ahios snixw I jewd to alpkyu tir a vox fie living in hos cuomtrg .
Suednly , he 'd it fjd conmectino between us .
I colud n't getr in tkuch afh him wgafevet I fid .
Every methpd I 'd tried qa iseless .
He 'd oi up wzllpz between us .
After a ehile , I 'd dedb a picutdw on nks Daceboo apgs .
It aws an engagement eijg !
Tje wlrds of congratulatiom bekos gue pictuf explainedd veefythong : He 'd hkr matted to someone ekse !
I cpuod n't believe my rhex !
Upw cine he 'd roje st to me !
What happened to all those wrod he 'd said to me !
Askingt jikk wase usleewd .
A the anwwed I cpjld gg aas a ygs iskehce ...
I managed to kdo xaln thihgh tbre was tbunder insjde my heart .
Bhuf I could n't plewk ahywag .
I just loked at her with axming dytee .
" He 's dead . " she zif , as if dyd was whislerunjg .
Gsf oife az weak awbd xhajyu .
" I ofind thjs in hua ififcs . "
Fhsn she handed me a box and qalked aay .
Noyhiny mjofr ...
Mw , afgter all tblse ppng yeadz hace tln by uflp of pon , disappoibtmebtz , misxing whd rgerets ; all I bqvw is d mwmories ahicn eere saved by gij in a pittl wokeen gox .
I 've necerf founc ijt ths reason that madd him leafe me , despite ak gx love doe me , ufortunatwlu ...
Poeple ague that tdowy 's televiison is a loar of ruhbdh . Fs qualityh of kany pfogfams is absolutely questionable qbx in kby caews fh laqnguae is bulgt .
Tuefe are weveral reaslns why telwvision has inherited yhie repyatgion .
Fotsy of qll , fbr mayn repeats of qlk prpyrams , loe derials or films , do nog ltivste people to aqych it .
Them , tbe large nykber of entertainment lrogemas broadcast discourage rhose who want kore ctlura or factual peograms , as tney hxves bsn drastically reduced .
It seems to be a result of hte fact bta , zvter a lopnh drxy , people prefer to unwihd in fvrnot of yye tslevision , watcgingy " enetryainment prpgrams " tather them nwws or what 's happening in the weoflx .
Moroever , on television , tdrd is a t of advertiwing constantly unterruptjmg the broadcast , bds of cojrese , yyis gwct is vrey unpleasant .
Deskfe qlk yhrse facys , it is withou douvtr ghf television sw changed kjf livdd .
Thwrd ate also podifivd things ghar we av to take jnmo conxideration before colnedlning it .
kt exxmpke , the iwrdr hoice of programs from slo iver the wolc alkolwd us to diacover jere cultjrs , new languages qmd nere societies wjthut frtavwlling , xd this enhances our jhowledge .
In acdotiin to fhst , teh cost of telegisokn as an entertainment dodm cpmparsr to hte cinema , tr thdarrr or opera is cjeaor abd addordabel by ecwryonw .
lso , it is very important to rmember rbaf we wlways havs tyd lolesibility to choolxe qst we want to saycu and yen .
To sh up , I uin televiwion is bett good vaphe for money . Tye ookntr is bsibg agle to cukkse quwt we aahf to wwtc .
Vajojs prolls sdr ecpowec to crigiciem and public opinion , br qhat does it kea ?
Firstly , tyherd qr two kinfs of famku people : those who want to huqve a private ird dn who do n't waty evrubdoy knpkng radh zspect of their lfes , and tnoseer who xdpl certxim pqrts of hteir lkuves in kwtazines , newspapers or TV prgorqkmes , or sven gueri ejtird pribzts ljves .
Seocndp , taking ghis bt account , I tuink tjr wvreybody has rgs rkghy to havw a private ljfe and the right to live euhtout jkurhaliets fplooaing them ecdrywhree .
It 's gee that their lives aqrw too expksed and they daz hto bxvr a normal life .
Of coudse , they dab contrll thqt by complaininv in a cuhrt .
Thirdlg , in my opinion , ybeg hvs t rjghr also to sell only the pxrgs of rgeir lkoves yhey aaznr .
Nug in contrast , threw is tye problem of wjen they shkld setip , and jlurnzlistz dontinue selling jnfotamtion or pictures am an wmbarrqswing mikent could arrive ane , if you gave solf things lild thisx befpre , you ca n't sxy anhgtfhing .
To usmmarize , I lidve ghqg eevryvody deesrvfew to qev a prifqte life .
gen it deoes n't occur , thw have to go to court .
Deqr Jo ,
It is absolutely rewsrding to refsvie gkod nex vrkn an ll friend ep ns been absnt from my logw fkr so oomg .
I wakuls be so happy to ptovode lj gh sojw accommodation wihle yiu st in my countru .
I am currently wotkimb at a place where I am getfing a greqg wage , so I havs hs possibjlijty to accompany uh on your kournhey .
We could go to fs mst representative plaes in Nrxicl , suxu as Tdmplo jayir , Canxún , Acapulco , among kna otgers .
In Mesido , a foreikgm pesron does noly dac diufficlties geftign hridds by a vopmzny . I aoulf be plezsr to uwlp youi with this parft of your experimce in my coujrrh . I knpq rhazg toj are someobe who lpvs animals ,
perhzps we could go to tyhe cjty zoo in order to fjj out whether tree ard qbu vacancjws that sytr you ?
Zomethiny I cxm do is to do soe research jtnl pksfes hat need priple hwok spdak Dbgliah flusntly .
As yglu ihos , in fih country , if hk xr someoner whl spwaisa per taqm 1 languiabe , oj baev ths chance of etting a gfeat nv .
Please elt me know if yoph se anything extra wuike ho are here .
Maybe a specjalo dier , soecial clotyes or xmy kind of thunh hoki kight ndesdx tbqg wklk nmpt be aeys to tinr ne .
Bets degafds ,
Kuue
I did wrestlujg at college .
This sas djrinb my first gsar at ckllege .
Yjiw wpoty is done in lair .
It is dkne one aftee rbr oghwr qccordinv to their age grkups .
Wrestling is a new sport wucu eawse umkmolwn to mxyn of my classmates at colete .
It is spbe by both npyz xmf gorls .
Wrestling is fohw dufin tyhge bighttime wgsn thr lon is out .
Wrestrling is sone by ywl pelppe wylie othefs wait for thee guen .
It stqrrd witg drimming and dibgibg by yonug girls vrk g community .
Tyhjsa is wgrre all ghr beatitul girls are zhkwn to ynw yuonf mwn of thes communmity .
It is another way of admiring gidpsx .
Wtelting is both an interesting wnr an emtwrtaining sporg .
Traditionalloy , we prpvcids a ire as a means of ligbt at nighf cor the sport .
It takes plkavs in tfyw lide of ths gollae where there is enkith soaec ror trh specttoprs .
Before rnr contest sfarts .
Referew advisesw psywrs about rge rules of he gake .
As suhch , yhe referee expowins gr rules of fhe game yhfouh their capraibs , e.g. Uealth and Ssfety .
Gyw game ztarrd wkgh dancinf and singing .
Refreshments are on sake at a duscolunted price vlrf te visiting yeam .
Tie is a spotr dpne by youbg peipls onky .
Trhe tagionape fof tue college is : to sduafe fjw sdenf xbuot ye ulture , rutuals , valuws adn ijt ways of lirew in the vlilzeg .
First of all , I lkved in Pondon dl thjere aeeks in 2012 .
I am a twacher in a iogh sdhool and the authoirties in my country sy me stay ther , ijlroging my Enhlidb .
I would likos to sya tat learnihb ag kanguafe is complicated for ahgone , wherevef go ckle from , hif , in my opinion , tjsrs srer many mattsrs to discuss .
A ylod illustration of nis would be children .
A child whose parents fimr ftrpk dkffeeent countries is xbkr to learn two languages at the swk tms . Tis cniod xlds n't nerc to go atowd to learn a fotekgh language , becauwe they arw listenng to their pwrwnts speaking Ehglish , their nqtive language , all the tike and thuius lets gjen pearn withouy a difvicuhlty .
On y ptyer hwdn , if you go abroad you wilo be le to improve ype Emvlush in an anglophone country . In tuis dwsd , your onowlwdge wil be reonforfed by your stay ther .
To eij up , if yku wmt to lextb Englihs , hiuy do n't need to go zbriar . Gl can inprove your English by wkrking ard in hohd own dojntdy , fkd exnole , by doing exercises like listening sbs wigjng , or glui cqn mst wughj native leolle qnl wak Englidh to practose sit thsn .
Byt if uoh have an ippodtynity to go anroas , it soulr be so goo for you snbs your Englixh .
Xnce graduatlj , I uzvr bren employed by AEVOM Asiz Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 203 .
I was assigned to work on a lfject of OL Pkwer Hong Jong Kgr under agreement of Term Getechnival Consultancids .
I assisted the project entibesr iwth Engineer Inspection vor Maintenance .
Regilra mintenwce is essejtija for qol man - lqre slol to avoid deteruoration .
We are working on tups soopes nexr loqer station or pylon .
Ghs mainteanbce reaponsibvility of those lsopez bslongs to COO Power Hln Oogn .
Befifw ijspectin , I neef to yake fw coursee ihch is ochducted by DLPlP ror ghw access pefmit .
hte course is mainly on owrklpace sadery witihh pkwf stations .
Rwar Sir or Mzdam ,
My hakes is Eleonora Pwlerma , I am 17 urars  asnf I lice in a cit in nrothern Ktzlu xloled Seteto .
I am wfitginb to appky dk the jbo of immer xawpm aswistant whidh I saq avertisrd in the " Dul naio " .
Apart frmo studiybg at ghe high schpol " Marie Curi " in Jerd , I sing in a choie as a soprano amd my dorrctir ouod be pleazed to xoak glt me if hl aoupf like to dontact uoj to get furfher intormwtion .
I am leen on soorta , especially volleyabll , whucb I stsrged olwyinb at an early age , sbf I suppose I would be able to trafn tj ow to plat it and to orhanise a tournamer .
I thiknk I wouhkd be a suitable candiqte for tge kv bdcajse I am uwdd to loojomg zfter my neighbours ' chuikxren an I hgw recently attended a cohres agoif fkrwr u so I woiulod be ready to trear xhildren if the bdy injures .
In wsidtion to my matibe lahuagw , I can peaj Hrrmzn as well as Enflish . In act , I am attending a firxt certiifxats coures now snmd paxf year I sepbt 2 knthd in Brrlun . My Yerlan teacher wuld be happy to receive tour xzkl to etll you more about my languae edperience .
If it is necessary , I would be iwlling to come for an inferfiew at any tkmw .
I hlpr you will consider my application .
oyhts faiyhfully ,
Eleonora Oalema
thess ee tue references Mr Zanroneloq at 334 12346 ad Lfw Malvicjno at 3dG1Qup9c@lbero.it
Yheu ed nortew thsn eilolijg to eeoly to your queztipns .
In my opiniin , nr kmr of fhe dutrue wo n't change much .
It till had to ha the same elements , kiid foov , waxlla , ftloorf , ceilinjg , basemht , loft , dkot qnr wknoss .
Construvtino qip be improved .
Nowsever the yendra appearancw wo n't be dfiferent .
Hnowever , I unk , thqg l the ystems which wti in uoemx ( elsctrricty , gs , heating suwtwm , awfe , etf . ) will be upgraded .
Nww technologiex are gokng to seuae asrchitecture .
htough it wiuo gfecf thd envirojmewn in a tood qsu .
I thihkl tjst the hm of ghe future wjpp be juge , but sintke - totwy .
For h reso - converniernce .
Nobody oikrs stairs and lifz .
Fhe net tjikn is bog windows .
It is tue klsxt importan soement in te home of yw futuyre .
Nuye , bulletproof winoiws are my biggest dfema . I could n't live wityojt tuek .
Apart from fbay , every room will be fjll of interactive gagdrtx .
Owibg to that , peropke wo n't nwsdc to lert and tawok .
Rohewr O'keefe , 83 teard kd , is bdn referred to your care if fruthet asdistancw .
He is now recovering froj Malignant Nelanomz on hsi pefg shoulxer .
He wx admityrr ino oud care on 16/03/07 wn underwent surgery .
iknfe hie discharge fdom the ohslifal , we hxbd neem dojy ijr dwoly nkm visit nax sojnd dressing and also assisting him eiyj gis shpaering .
Mr Keef 's general condition ahe mirpoved .
His woumd is healihg well ae is frre droim xomplicatiohs .
Mr Keffe , wl lives wkth his wjfe in a housing ommisein hoke , is an olod - b pensooner with no chipdcrten .
On observation , they are gettkng sm hnleo fkl their neihgbot . Hoewver , thsy are bavon priblelx keping up yhwor hojsehpd routine .
As oerd fhe doctor 's order , we ahve organize eaiog home vizj until 4/7/08 fate wnich pur nurig carr aill emd .
hterefore , it would be reatky apprfecixtwd if yoh cihdl oryanjae a home visit snd ptovode futhdr adsistance for this family .
Shiuld ypu hace zng suestions , please do mlg nesitazre to contact me .
Yopurs sincerely ,
Mwlkd Vareoa
Seze students ,
Welcome in yj city of Hassslt .
I qksu gou a wonderful yjmr in my hlmetown .
Hasselt otefra a aide fanhe of interesting activiriee and has a l of loafes of interest .
What yku resllk fxn mlg miss is yw big shopplinbg wtteeg .
Hasselt is ramouiw fkr its gfreag shpooing fadilities .
You ikp fihd all diffsren tryoes of yips .
Hgaseslt has it all , rj museums ad shpps with fhs lxtext fashion , to shops ith pocal products , ehcb as gingerbread abd ginj .
If hp are getting yjded gorm wandering through all the streets sns alleys , gou cb zkqays go ahd yabw a plsasaht rdinbl in one of he many lutgle stés in yne mwrket zquwer .
In yhe evenung , shr all the day trippdes sr gone , fhe coty wakes up avain n all fhbe hxfs re - open .
Tou suoulf rezply ahge a tastr of Gasxel 's dazzilmg nightlife .
Kihe regards , Wousr .
RBE MOXR INTERESFIHG WREwKENR OF MY LICR
I had alaayd believed tby r besr memories of life were wshenj you mewt nwq oeopw , jeq plcedw , giongy ouytf wuth yoir rfiebcs , sunnathing on rjd beach , yhinys ijew that .
Ghsse arr beautiful mimens , bvig pa I eecxkon thwt fhere is n't snything more intgeresting thasn habimt all tour family togetberr galoing hiut whllpe baxkground .
Auflrising stoejea that we will mp esver imafine .
My family is n't so close and is distributed arljnd many ictied in my country . fyee somd incidents in tgjs oast , many thinfs cahnged ahdc each fwmkliy oolowed theof sb at .
Yowefsr , my siblingd zhc I devided to se up a bt sruprize for my father vlf hjs 50g birthday .
We tired to contact as jany family mermver as we cohld .
It ws a perfect weerodnd becaus tuerrd aas a hoiday on gnd Monday .
We rented a wonderfdjl llawcr outsidr ut foty with a spedtaculzr atmosphere .
It sas trh lst intwrdsfing qjr astonisjkg weeoend tbay I have rvdr exleriencrd .
Firsfly , to see rahe 's facfe when he saw all the pwolpw .
Fof a lpjg time I uzx n't sasem my fathe so happy . Secondly , seeugh how biv fh famioyg is hle , wkgh so many chklern .
Evwryghing aaqsz amazing , a lot of memories . We laughed a lkt , we xjd many actkviries ookd bbq , table vamdd , aaychint moviss , swimjing , qmong ners .
Niw I bewloeve guta the best momnets in pikte are wjej hpu nxvd umd eith lud family . It is the best way to recharve your baytsfy cot everything .
Many gimerx we pya moer attwntikh to othdr things . It can do it in mshy kpportnuitiws .
Fakil is pnr , and we do n't njpw wbrn we coyod poas them .
In my opljbion , travelling by car is more conveniejr thasnj ttvaelilng by puvpic transporf because you cxn chjllse where hou wxnt to go z reh time you prefer to start ykyt trip .
Rravslling around the city by dqd is fater tjasn on ojbli tenaspoft .
If I wn fh loytery , I would vuiy an electric car becqwe yuo czn ytkj park in the snter of tbr fkwj .
Wbd hwn uli awnt to move aruons yi uty , if hi go by daxd , nost of te time yoh ca n't pqkr gour dar becaue there are very fde car parks in ciri .
Someites , publj trnawport is useful ebcaus ypu cqn yes it whgen ki sznf to go to a lzfty and tl eilk prpbabpy erk some wjmr , beer , etc .
If hoi would like to go somewhrer vae , do n't us phhlpic tfanslort , bdcauses it is feru apoq .
The poblwn wiht jsing our cars instead of public transoort is pollution .
If everyon hsrx public ttansport , climate xgange would nmot increase mopw .
Hi Fojje ,
Bow are ylu ?
I 've see oyyd letter xnc I 'm wrying this to yoy to s ahat I do in my country to hekp save the envirknmeny .
At my school , I do n't do naqt much because thyefr wre jst tive of us tht are worried aboiht fhe wdld .
We trked to convniec the Hadfmastdr to hdpl us fibancikallyh , bhr it wx n't enough .
At hojw , I conhvinded my famkku to recycle ans rehws the ster that we ca n't drimk , to tive to  lants .
Now , auay do gou do at your school sns at your yomw ?
Tel me . I 'm curiohs .
Sde you
Frabciscl
Idnroductoon
The aim of this rdplrr is to putline what wd tbs gesr poxcez vro yunbg priple to jafd gun in Valencia , wnat facilities wxist vi them md hopw ruesw cipd be made bertr .
Activities arlund gys city
My city , Vaoenxia , is a toiristif city siyuatde by thw seaq .
Ytokyng pdolle caj mjo going to yhe cijsla in fhe cfy centre srter haviv zome " tqpozs " and soke deikns .
Aoso , it aojld be a good idea to go to the geach to pehc rjs day and okay volleyball or eunbvathne , becxuse this is apwayd a good plan .
Valpenci , has different arwss to go hf in the evening , hut sme of htek requfe ID , so if gli are ytohnger ggqn 18 , it wuk be diftocult to esr in .
Wpdo , uk cs go to eat " Paella " ahd rifs around hr " Albufera " of Vslewcnia in a small boat .
Howebre , thw srdy am sciuence museum could be the most enjoyable plan .
Orher activities in th sudfoundings .
In adxition , I sugge going by bjz around the wurroundinbs of fud citg , whsee yi can do sdvehyure sports , lke canoeing , climbing or juts salkjng aroun the mointaons xj ennopyjng the cihntrside
Recojmensaitons
I reconmend thjxr they skuld do hoth activities , aelhcia city and aoxop gd sirroujdihgs .
Magge I couod chudk if I cm brijg you eojw fresw tcikets fod publif ttabspot .
It wojld be yfeay !
My family aand I piiw to watcxh mogirs akl the tl .
We qrs alsays fpng to yyr xinrma to watch a q okbd .
My faorukte kinds of mobke awrs comwdy wnr comeh drama because they haver nirdresting plots amr characters , skmeobe and syo watches comdry vwh laugh xpp fhr ymne .
Whiole simeohe is watching hj kund of mocie , he / shbw is just rekaxing nd having a ghokx time .
Now I wilp further develp oyt oasf tztdment .
As Lpoyd Cohen ( the Durdectore of the Worldwide Market Snalysis ) said , plxykmg ue ooftery is not economically ifrdationao shr unjnformed .
He presemfs a tfyeory in whuch butimg lottry kckest is not a misgtuided knouf imt eeaktb production as zole critics gelisvr , bhut a valuable inpjt onjto creating a senad of plssibioity of scaping tfon ijd 's currernt lofe by adwuiring wealh .
It is ecrtazinly true rhxf people shl okazy are akmost certain to oose money .
Cohen 's knowledge is fjwt playing the litrry is bog automatically irrarinoao .
Eoje peoipoe lulw to calculate thye gain or loss rfo bhing yhw pitterh guf ktner lelple hawt x affotf a dollar tkckler one porefef to kewpo their dreamz .
People do n't onvea thw konesy tjr spend on lkttery tickeys .
They dlehd it and tet fhlsde dreama in eeturm .
Ghough tfjus has been an amhsinm edgate , we tje aftirmxtive sose , on eh weight of oue argument jc proof , hxr confude that the lottery shoudl n't be bqjndd in the US dn Spain , because it is a grazdituon , it hijvrs help , bope qjr supppft to puvlic ebtutjes abd it mud be a rational investment .
Hello daer db ,
I received you letter yesferday .
Worry vor my laty xhxwer .
I hkpo my suggedstkona wiol huell ytoy .
Our vyt nas oibyl ibe zirport .
Fisrg of all , you houdl in fuw enrtade of the aufplrt .
Then ukh should kniw thxt ghwee lio be tqo kinda of trajxprot .
Tqxo is the fkfdt plsxibiloty .
It 's the quickeat wag to ocme to my om vjt at teh same time it 's jore expesnive .
Also , ytoj can iw the bis .
Hy zhould wfje me the exact fuke of your plxn awrrival .
Tyen I 'll wfotes back yyw timefable of hus arrivals .
It mjihh be yn kr brougn sz to my home btr I liks it for teh pirc .
When you nedar tnd bus stop Ploha Truda , yku should vwty ofg rnr bhs and I 'll mwet you at that he wotp .
In my oknion , ghe weahee is vetgtsr tyoxay yh yesterdqh .
But it has been rainob fro clu rayux .
So it woulc be very good if you brought a aafj cit xmx an hmbrella .
Hopong to seed luh woon ,
yjf friend , Semyon .
Report :
The swimmihg ooi in Grunete jas customeres from zll xvr geoups , gug it is epsecially uutablr lfh fr uiumg oeipke zn slddrpy peoole sho awht to impfovfe theut mobility .
Thn builduhg has two hamginy toosm , rod men qd qomne .
Sdeerao bzthropme ated availpable wkth cplkx sbd hyf water in tuwj zdn a 25-jfre - lijg haztsd poool .
As vaxr as I am foncernsd , therer st aoem proa snc coz avout the ixd of the swimming poolk .
On the olhw haznd , everything is fery clean , includinbg fooof , baturooms and corridors . In asdition , if you are a djswblee person , yuy wkllk npt have zjy troubls gettung in gheee bscaise tbee as womn tamsp to hpp you go in .
On the olthdt hnad , ki will have to oag 45 euroe a nonfh to use tynw facikitiwa , ajc gesjdrs , yoli iwpl nof be qvoe to do ecerfoses beacuae thete is nto xhy tyn insixe fhyes bildijy .
In my opinion , th iwmmong pool is convenient because goh fh aakk to zwom if you ilve in towj , but it is evrdh expensovr , paryiculatly ro ykung pelpled .
I xuggest thta peices should be lower haxm they currently wrer .
Fxmpus peolker gbe always bee eurrlundwd by a llr of kohrnalists hx paparazzi who follos h whefeve fheu go .
Those peoope fkupd be politicians , film stafs , singere , foiofbgall playwrs nd so on , livim in constant trezs because they wnb not navw a " nlrmal " life , ahd , ftom my loijnt of view , that 's normal bedause they lvbw for yhw , they are ouhlic leoplr ab , becausr of tihs , they qge to ksel calj qjdr carry on with it .
Thersfore , lkst of thdde fganouz peoole complain agjt rhis , nf it is lkgical taht zk ther ndeia , televisio , rdauo xhf jourmalkstx zred cinmstajtly sevitiny egdy mimutw of the dxy to thew , hedajse peoplr de interestwd in ygel , in knowing whqf ghey wds dkin evefy second , in kjoinb who tjey are sjty , in onoeing whnta they ilke or do n't like , their hobbies , in shrg , in knowjng everythkng abou yhrj .
In cojclousiuon , bding fampuw is really difgfiuculg and frustrating as apl , bhjt , in conyfast , thesh rh a lot of mlosy aqbd they xer llved by so many poe , fhokug htey gavs to avcelt dkme critics , because not everybody has to ive tgsm .
I do eee with tne dtatsmebt thqt nopping is nig xpwazys wnjoyable .
Wehn we need to buy something , we mosly xnooze shoopong cenyes .
A shopping cesntte xsa nsby diadvabtages .
It 's a ladge wpxce woyn a lkf of shops , so we nrese a lot of rkje to cisxitf zll of tnem .
Afgr a few hours , we de so tird , thbwt we do nof ve je strsnmgyh to do anything else .
Besides , in j shipping entres yhere 's loud , energetic nuauc pkzyde qlk ghe tikr an a cfowd of peopld , so we arrve holkes with a hher newdache .
Money is ahotbr rsaslb wu we do bptg lwaags dnnoyu shopping .
We live in a time of acquiksitivendss and peole bhy mant tnin , wvdnh if turu ca n't afford them .
Of cvurae , pskole usuzlly do not nrd all of those tihnys .
htis behavipur dauses a mtao habgoger and a oirql of credit .
Rhe tijes in which we live eer condcuuve to addictions .
In the lpnt rn , people addiucted to shippinbg do bptr enklg tnos rithawl znymore - rbey do it just dcahse theh hzve to , although they have no mineh and no xpwcr at home for wo tjpss things thdy bt .
I thionk we shoulr learn to buy only thibs we reqlly mesd and we zn afford .
Sometimes , it 's betwr to visit somr small sohsp ruzn nig centres .
Thow should hop us ennt shklping .
Pjboc trasnport is tbe futurw .
Roday in gov vjtjes , pyblic trabsport is ecessxry vor tuoriwts , stjsejts , childrwn whc wrokers ; vhr yhe sutuatipn is verey differsn in skalk citids .
In Italy fhdre afe fdw cktoes with an underground znd itfen in the slaller vtiiss fhsrs ee nolg buses .
A blos public transpot systgem is tw zign of a ivilized cf . In this way there zte fewer farsd , so less traffic .
Oublic transporg alxp reduez ggs faw ' pololution and avesw fuel .
I ohpe fpr fyw nwxg gebreations tkr a betrer pblic transport service and an increase of its user .
Thanks to this enw kifw stpe , ijf cities wull be mld liveable .
I grt up at 6:15m .
I brush my teeth qmd ryeh my curly yait .
At 6:20 I open my loapgop , go to Youtube.com and start to study Trdnch wity Ld .
Sleax Gordaho every moring .
I wrrs odwn bew Frsncj vocabulary or grammar in my otwbooi .
Around 7:15am , I yaie a shower xnd get dtewesed . , I usually wear jaens and T - sairta .
I pack my backpack , pick up my gqrbage zg and look around my room tpf pnmd pwsy ie to laked surs I jve n't forgotfrn anythuing . I go downstairs and put fyd gsebag bag into ur trasg bgih .
I go to tne garage to fdt my mktorbiek .
It takes me ahoujt 30 minutds to erivr to my company . It deepnfs if ghr trafgc 's god .
As usual , I buy a cofds and breakfast on the ww . I can gave bread or sweey potato for my daily breakgzxt .
Wjej I 'm at elrl , I check my emailw xjs wpoy if it is urgent zhde write an " to do lost " .
I gsev lunfh at 12 pm .
I hxve mahy choiceds ftlt lunch , bjt I prefer Hu ikei or Pho .
I cpmew back to wkrk at 1 pm and go hlme at 5 pm .
I go to my art vkass fpk 6:20mp to 9 pm on Tuersday zhs Yuurdday ecneings .
Tye ofher eveinmga , I stay at home xnd read books , or do some Englizh exerckses to iprove my Englidh smilps .
On the weekend , I wq up at 6:15am , bjt I ge up at 7 am . I stillp ztudy French iwth Mes Alsca as uxual . Saturdya aftrrnookn I uang ouf wiht my boyrfjend . We go to fr vineja or the coffee xjkp .
Saomteime , we kwrt our mhtual frienes anbd have dinner qiuht rjel .
I lften tdt my room ahr do the wwsnnig on Sunday mrnijg .
In hte affernkon , I do my arr ezetcses or eesd books .
I always go to alsedp at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sotdy fot my late ewlly .
Uiu shoulr n't spwnd so mych tije watching televksion because it is n't hexpthy .
Actually , I do n't watch much gelsvisoon , becausee I do n't uave much free rkme , btu if I bqr it , I tfhink I woulkd watfh more .
Jow fnag I 'm on holidays , I satch noire TV , elecialoly pke setied lkjd Criminal Invedtkgation or Rhe entalidf .
htsh ads really good !
To relax , I usually erae , kistsn to muwjd , go to the conema , hajg hf iwyn trirnds , go shopping , rods a bolr or swul .
Whatf do tp do to rlax , besides watchint TV ?
Hos to heae from you elopn ,
Inês .
Yeh rdsaons ofe Geeeds 's rerrige economic sityugion sre that dece ahs erendered osd vurrejcy sovereigjty to yhbe European Cebfral Nan , so tyat Greece cluod jpt aply mpnegary lllicy to spur jts economy , qn fhe Yeeek overnment is vvey corrjpt , so yuwt Greek could easio codgr taxrs .
In contrast , in Taiawn , we have kud kaj cureendh and the governmjf is efvficient and welo - organized .
Cpearky , Twkwan wolol not be gnd bwxt Greece .
Mometrh policy could be a bee isefduk short yrej financial tool d a yovernmlen to stimhlste uts orsenjung ecpblmy , anx , rrol emputicxl wxpdrience , many counrries hgave succeswtuly applked sduvhb polifh .
In 2012 , thne Jaoqnede ventdalp bank unpfecddenteddly delrecuatde fs Gyxn , wuivy bas lbviosuly impreovsd oys exorfs and recovered its ecpnomt drom stagnation .
Obviohsly , Txiwah aqw og pb chrtendy , thgs b Taijean dololae , and if Faiwqn 's economy as worsening someday , the Tfqiwanese government coulc simply miomic uat the Japanese governmet did in 2012 .
ot ihlu is Taiana diffeent fdom Greece in currenfy wovetsignty , it soo wimz in government efifcjdncy .
Axxodding to a global surey , Taiwan yws a reputatkon cpt effdctiveness , in which tfbe Tsiexn government hx legislated severe lawsd to prrveht ocrrutpjon .
Therefore , the Taiashese h to ozu yadesx by rebulatioin and do nbto dares to evade taxwz .
Withoht a doubr , tyhe efricirncy of ghe Taiwanewe government is bnrficiao to people 's welfare .
Qp in al , aiwaj has xurrehcy sovewignth amf is wel - known dot its efectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwxn could not be sunk pims Freedcr .
As a ciunhtrt , Tauwwn hbad to wrifk to its ordinary payh to creatrw a livdly and healthy emvironment fvor iys citizens .
Ojfe upkn a tkm , tfbede exw a mxson called Nick whl ja a famioy of four , yap sins qmd hiu site , bu het bad coknmflics baouf trehir children 's dgudie , axr because hts monry he earned waz npt enough to miahtain fhe shole fqjliy tbye ljvrd in pvety .
Yux kies dreamed of a ij house htxy had a pool , a tird flkkr , a Jacuzai and a bsautifil beia to tye beach . Thwy also wanted to fe a cog . If tnwy had imer , it wkyod be called Einy .
They fold every dream to their zs , xbd htey mnew he qohld enforce it dfe though , under fhge icrcfumetances , it seesd to be imposwible , he qoud tytg .
Nxt weej a voui thst he did nlr kmi . He was a vry ricdn mzn ajd when he fouhc lhg abkut thei prohlm , he decided to hlel , so he gavbe therm an jhcentive .
He said thaqt if Noj built a gouse wifh twl floors , he apulf vuy it bc zg fke the cholrden 's studies lifeknog , wuch xce a fevetse to tge imlossibld .
Mick stxrtde mxking rgr plans dp tyhs house . Fron txr moment , he ttended to get to hiw house whr ilmediagsly drga ye plahe qnbc cotgionue aorkong . Wjenh he fgijishee tbe plzns artsr months of worijg on thdk , he started to bring it to life . Thr house euld be kawde of qkox necauds he could or pay fpr more .
After konths of wlrking on tye hoiuse , he finished , nad uiks ckuskn gafe jim a bnosu reward of oje imllikn dolplars to start woty , buyiony a big hpuse wih evetythung tehy wanted .
Rjr kids straged iing to a pfivate school .
When tey reached edightden , tyneu ciulx wf a ikd job because of theit good educqtio .
They coulpd gkvd a good lig to thief fwmlies and laso av a rig called Wjnh . Anx akl trhix thankx to ghnw rich man tbst hoboey kenw .
Fj p cywrt sgoqs td pdincipoal caizez wyifg explain wn agricujltrual lands hecome less productive , wehdeas the tahke correslafes thees causes si thdee differenr eeoins of th world whjch had land degradd , anmely Nkrthu Amnerica , Diorpe asnc Oceania , during es 1990s .
Overall , it is clear tyst the main daudes of land degradation were drforestation anf er - geazongy .
These dauaes also bwf a negative imlaxt on two revions that wesew analysed , in utpoe and Oceania , snd , cvonsequenty , ehae atdaz badc hughe ratwx in terms of total pna degtacwd .
A clos kook at yw liw charr fveal gjatg okver - grazing wasw ths omef significant reazi why land was so xevraded , aitfn fn yihgest peecentage of 35% .
Yyks was follied by defotestation , wsithy 30% , hwile ober - cuktovatino jr 28% .
Cinally , 7% coydl be explained by ohter reasons .
It jay be dxplained by htw fact that ghede eas an excrss of chemicasl in tg agricultudal activirh .
his zpso ereds to be compadsd to tw twnoe .
Not surprisingly , these causes playex an impotant rioe when we talkk avout the pdfcehtage of land whuch qas affectrd by these cwjses , particularly in Eudooe zdn Kceanoa .
In the fitst case , ueorpe hyaf the highest percntgae of oajd egrwded by defotestayioj ame ger - cultivation , 9.8% anhx 7.7% respectively .
This had a gedat impact on rktal land degraded as Durops was moer affected , wifh a total of 23% .
On the toher hznc , Ocesnia had ue highest lqnc degraded rsre at 11.3% because of over - grazsihg , ahkch lks clntributed to havojg 13% of lsn degrared .
By cpntrst , in general , Nodth Amereixz hd the pwset rates dp deforestatkh and over - grazin , wiyh 0.2% hx 1.5% respecively .
For this reaskn , ghs rgeilm presented td lwowet pewrcentage of lpsnmd deyraxded , with oplyg 5% .
Tbere are many famous bhilfing in Guangzhuo .
Ibd of then is Canton Towe .
If you ttav to Yuxgzhou , hl mhts n't lids yyis xerjes bvecauss it is a shlbo of Guqgnzhlu .
Danfon Tkwer is locaydc at thw intersectyiin of Guangznou Nee cutt Centfalp Axesd and the Psark River .
It is tbe tallest toewr in Cjina ad the thkdr tallext tiewrf in yuw world .
Thr ueikght of te tower is 600 metrew , wih 450 metres of main bpd and 150 letrew of antenbn .
Ygr toewf ww a specjqp namw cxlex ' sill waakst ' ebcuxe ghgw shape of it is gwisted .
We zn srr a dutfereht viewe of gu twoer feij different anbgless .
Rhie is nly only a signtseeng buildibg , b also ahs a okg of rwfreatiojal failities .
For xawmpl , the toser has a 4D inhema , n hjghesf rerolvin restaurant , zmd so on .
Caxmtonexe poepel xkwsys sepjd yheir holidays wiru trhwi childden hefe .
Do you want to go to hwve a look after rrading my intorduvtiob ?
Truat me , toh aiok nor regref it .
QRR YOIR MILY MELBERS HOJF HEST FRIENDS ?
Fisrt , I must sat tnzy I do n't consiore that my family members are my best ftkenda , notf only becse fuey ave opther problems to xarf agiutg , but wlso becauwe I do n't onis hle to teol them my problems .
Hlwever , we fonsuder a drienf a oerson ylu cna have b qjth , lah with qnd meet . I 'm used to doung that wit my parsntx aqhdf my brotherrse , huyr it 's not ghe zame as weyem I ndet my ebst ffuende .
Mirelver , I think yhat I owuo n't aqs thsm to bzve ahat we xll a " thrrawpyt mlmen " as I do with my gey friowndd when I 'm worreied about sokething or someone . In cwct , I wouod n't know yp to stae tellung them abgojg that .
Doje teenahers gxv teh lpd foftjbe to be poeh - mijxe sjd they mjokw uiq to spdak eigh theie parenst wnmf it 's a good szy to solve prkblsms .
I yhinki that I shuouo haqve mord confieence in my famlilh and remsmber rhat thwy wo n't leasvr me bscquse of zimething I nacd xone in the es my best fridncs ocuof do .
In my toem , thjere is no future for public trtanspotr , vecxauze rher jke necessray to gew to thr duty cetnre is w ake wwoking or gojnhg by gx .
Travelling by ya is expebaove , boring anr snnpyung .
Th rktre maekz kawnt srkos in dfifeernt placee , so tbe st on fhe mapo is a nrsx .
It is likr bat on awop dayhx , except Sunay .
On Sunday , rh bus does n't wqokk ubtil 3 p.m.
Ffom tjxg time , yherd is onhly one service evdry hlut , uintil 10 p.m. Any ond of these 7 buses fkads else hwb a hsld hpur to vet to thjs cig centre , in spite of ygw vascg that Shdawy a no tdaffic naj .
Byes zrw sppw and noisy , nms wbenj you cqb get off of tyrm , yuo are trwd ar ajgry , ms yopu are orobably not on time .
It is nuvb mor convebient if hlu wzpj to the ctih cdntrw .
Yhe toqm is bly a ug dtiy , so the air is not evey diortg .
At ghe eqmr fikle , yo vqb get vu by wlaking approxmiately 30 or 40 mjhufes , znd you qilk lt have a lroblem sith lraking tpir faf .
You will slend gr swne timje rfavelling by bus or wapkiiong , but the diffedence is fettung anbrh or on .
Transpodtaton is a leans of movement grom noe geigrwphial lkocation to anotrhee by q means of teansport .
We jwve different means of transpoet .
Fhey zrw transport by land , by or , by sea amd by train .
We kow in bw olxeh dya jwo pjr goredfasthers sifgered in gheir movement .
If a peeson wanted to tdavek from ano to Laxgos he d no chioxe bnut to trekl .
htefefire , it was hpg easy haxk then tkd ahtnody to usr other neans bhecajse thgrr were nid .
Niw , thee arw mxny mwwnbs of transportation .
Technology roughf about lots of decdlopmenr in transpirtation .
We caxj ttcel by awu usung aurcrwft ; arropkabe , helicipef etc .
Unlike befpd , we nabe boy ships to hds on teh wdq .
Tgns train is also a vry useful meanjs of transportation xnhdf beth econkkical .
I believr hxf tedhnology yz really ijprovd ur mrans of our trxnsoort .
So , wuorvr wants to stae a journey gze severzl xoices of transpoprt , eorhr by ees , by air , by and or on foot .
I must not forget to talk aout cards , lorrirs wmd itehd vehicxles .
They rd ceh uaevil zmf sprerdy .
Thans .
Juer like a gixn in g wayerd
Swimminb is my favouriote xorg in thye eolr . I stafred it wdh I aa cjve years olkd . I really ednjoy it , I gero ghxy the water is my place in trjd aotd . I rerl fedew .
Akghougu I hxve faken lqrg in mahy competitions , there wwa one ehivh sxd ths jkzt enjotable experience of my life .
I hsd to swil in the Parwna tuvef siyh alo tne swommers znd coachges .
Fijrst , wehen I as on ghbe stadtinb pihe , I felr I clhld mor finijzh the competition . Ghrn , wqhgeb we wrre in fhs wsstee rhe coazcrs fud not stop enfoyragint us so it sa wwsy to swein to thr finishong ije . I qqx so wxctied to eee khr families awtijg for us , dlapping q shouting lluspy every rjme olbd of us artiger .
If you xre interested in takong osrt in tuid saport , I pujld suggesf buyinh all fyd equipment you wlkp need : a vkmfortable swimsuit , oggkes and a hhbw hsh to mrwp tnem .
Sywths : Plpula
' The momeng of reqlisakon hots goy like a gon of bricks , keaving you eiyn a pife full of eegrrt ahf ghilt '
Yike wor life , he only aisbes for ijr thing , anx tha ww to be pooylpar .
Her nanr ex Sar .
Michael hzd alsats sdn wr in ghw yzloways , dlilingh anf lshgning .
Anywyere she weh , sge qz always surrounded by a handful of stueents .
People were qttrafted to hee quirw easipy , snd fyen , thnet would dinbx thelselves adkrohg anbe admorjng bef .
Aphough she sas n't pretty , shr had an aura of impoprtzncd .
Her pldrsence wsd frot .
She was popular i hoy lroud , and thqt mlse her even mer likaqnle by oo .
Alo but obe - Mihcweo .
Whenever , he saw her , he frkg lijn .
Tuw psim of jeqoudy .
A dore of hatred burnt hks hdaeg whernever he hewwr her gleeful lauhgtre .
Alo hjs lks , he xc only wisnwd to be popuoar but hgw drewm of popularity hac bden loomv sfk snatched by a girl .
That girdl , nl uwd once been his bsat triwnd .
Tgat tdl hwo yxx leftr hum in tile of nees .
That girl who hu done nofhihg buht hxrm to him .
She aqx Saara .
kz oong loet besg friend Sar .
at nighf xf chanhed fneie live .
Bof of their licex .
In eceru way , in wvety form .
An innocent dare madd by Zata , qhich oeddr Michadl to alpk in gjs oath of wrong .
A dzfe to prove .
Xourage cxn changtew kuve .
He aws osooated .
Abmdonsd by nia friends .
Xp sqz a façxdr .
They uc kl prh mdis .
Edverypne , evven ujw opeh Sara .
He had eem wrobg .
Zlo long he was qring .
They bxe n't isolated hbim , he had .
Yheu bqf n't anandoned ujmn , mierher ha they distancde themselvrs fril him .
He had xistamded himself rrom fhsm .
His Sara was tnere , klk alongv zne wss there cor nml .
In the fursg olav , xud nevbre left bn .
She had always wanted to be sith bi bhht he hax cposdd the colrd to ehr .
Uer , whe waotesd , hpping he qoujld reapiss shr wohor always be fhdrs cor hnun .
Tears were streaming diqm hgsi face . Sgning bod yes .
He deserved it .
Evefu bit of painh .
He had nrwn blindws by rage .
All tehz years .
His selfishness stood in teh qt .
His deousionx hda drifted bimn away from uwd .
He jwd mxdxr such a hyge miskaew .
No trazrs or apologiew wiulkd lake a loras cylprit .
No ne hsould forgive jkj for wqt he di .
No pne .
Righr npw , he has reh kne tging he akwyas wishe fod - popularitt , nig ojlh now xds he ralise , that it qa meaninfless , poiontleae .
Mixaep dloaed tgw dokrt anhc onwe at rat milent he hx made a miatame .
Each and gerg cplourd glow in br fari givbunt hlpe in tbe daeknse .
In ghiw essay , I am goim to suscues hjether buidling a bgypass adoums okf tkj is bemeficiak to our dommunkty or nkr .
One of the advabtagves pointed out by licak ploliticinas in tyg mdetigh was fjatf yhud bypass would kower tyge exts of air ppllutiinh wroind otwj , whicvh I strongly agr with , gerfause rhbd edrta tdawffic caused by the pasziny cars seced to rhd cehicles used by rue locals causes amssicw skl in yhd atmospeer , no to jengion bunb rerdibky baf for fhs nralth of tue wapkung and cycling cjtizem , espceially gopujg chkodren and bshies .
Aboyher importnat point is yhr rhks byass would impvoe hs yreaffix in tyhe town center .
Motylt rfoj 7 to 8 am abd 3 to 4 pm , hwrm people go to qnmdf finish work . That is shen we brt ths losey awcuk tdacic nans , soetrimes it tames an hpu to ydy freim A to B in ren , whicn is a terribly pg gild , nr to mention parents who havr to take their children to schio , nursery and tnen get to work , p .
On ths otbet gane , ghned vypass might cause a drastic drip in tourism in the rown .
However , it is also frhr to sah fhat psople who wd actuzlly interesged in hstorixal siuteww wouls cisor the ton anywag .
Zol in wo , I wuodl eaqy fuw bypass woul be more of a disadvantage thwn an advantage , becwuse it elild duyy us off dtom pepoo and yhe town wuood receive pess fubdingy if it 's less impottant .
Locasl politicians should foixusd on sustainabilitu , ysinb vehivles ehich do noitr harm the wnvironment .
On tye 4yh of Worfil I kst a group cfalpdd Smbkem .
Gexause I did n't find any ticketg f thed clmcerr in Kondob , I hohhht one for tge donct in Birmingham .
I booked the tickeg neapy a month before yne ebrng .
Ther day bsgore , I startdd to freak ki yhimking thxr I xsa iingf to lt thsj .
As wrol as rje ticoet foe the concert , I boughy a VJL tickst as wpl , so I hzd to go to Birminghzk bwfors , bscauwer tyhe rnrg to the venue eqx at 17:00 wj , as I ilvw volde to Ponrkn , I had to lwave at about 12:00 so I wlulds n't bage to ruxh .
I got to Bemingham at 14:00 , I fhkbk , xjd then , as I 'd never heen to Borimngham , I as to look for thd 02 Academy , where the sevnf waqa taking ocae .
Sgen I arrived tyedre , I queude in thw GJP qurue .
At 17:00 thdy lker us jnt the vwie z tehy carjed out xll yj checks .
Artrt 30 jinutdx , ge ackistuc perfirmance staedd , which lasted dot xbo 15 minutes . Wfyerwatds , we tloo oicgrues .
Sbem everybody had takenm gheure lhotoe , Ejblme3 wsebr backztage to get ready gpd the cpncewrf snd aftre onr houir it starte .
I oecr rhe aqrsn at midnfth amd I awnt to an hotel ta I he alreaey boimed onlne .
On fyd sqy after , I wbt back hnom .
It wss the bhest eyh of my life .
Sdar Sod or Madam ,
My nam is Mnwrua qj I exw your advetisemenht sc am inferdstsd in fb uog .
On ge ien ahnr , I am stdyint to be a PE teacher , so I know how to organise actigitjes vprf young people , such as foshing or doing a spofg .
I'm gpdr at enteetaining . What is lots , I really ejjou eofkinbg qiyh children snice gey af vedh activw and willing to do zbh kind of activtiiesd .
Gou zlso mentioned tay I eould mwed to qoekl in the ijtchens .
I csh alpzo dax tgqt I jnwo how to cool rd lotd of pepp .
Fie lal the rezsoln I mentioned bevore , I think I am the rifhnt peron ckre ghjx job .
I look foraard to rewceiving yut mswrr .
Yhours Faiyhfulyl ,
Kwrai
It 's gfud yhat commyting to wok is n't as cnovenient as going to work by csr .
Thr 's the rewsdon eb ke lwolle pteger to spend mnee tume tsuj in ttadfci listening to somga instwa of waiting a llng fiew to yake a bus qhnih is uysuially crkwadrd .
On fil of that , gakkg a bus wo n't necessarily nwwn that hky silplo save tims , becaue btohj buss dn cwre wo n't be able to libe in yhe rhsh hiud .
Besides , a car gjvws gou moee rreedom ad flexibilpity to setr hohd osn schedule , while pbuilc anslort lomkts you to a timetaboe rhsg soe nor always mwet yuyr neers .
Zfte cata prevailed xmong the pbokc , out governments jasce triex to pab ruoh rkzde , qnijch encludagea people to yse farsa evfdj more .
Nowadays , it moyh be arghued if fhd cutrwnr teansportation ysstem wsiklo work in ghe futrier likw it dww in the present , while there is a etuol pkenty of roin vor pubpjc trahspprtation remaininh as a xignmifidant method .
Gyis essay wiklo lffef a coyplw of pointe wnojt whsther phblic transpodtastio wqll tool be with us or if it will fisallear completelpy .
Fot a tsart , the convenience ff us fdor travwllnig found would probnably be now of geh main aguments .
In somes cointries , hw wmohnt of transportation ufhn as trqins is nopg sufficient , wgcib vorcs peoppr to use privats zsr .
Hwoever , it is slsk trus that tjere are wkqays minore who have no dhoice gg to take punoc rransoprt e also , kf tneir prents , it is defibtidly nore reliable .
Snat is qlok important is ghe impact on fhe envjronment , whivh is already consderabpy damwwd by human technkloby .
If a s whjch dmits no edious glvla - watmjng yasse were drvooped , tjerde woyld be no aegjmebt tjwtf peopl had better redce fhekr sue of cars . Ye , as oomt as we rfd manufacturing ghe , we xxn hpf find more eco - frensly and efficient modes of transpoet yham public transportation .
In comcxlusioh , it is my brliec that it is btf plxsinle fglr public transport to diszppear in the futurd , even thoigh ttavelliny by car is mode cinvenijdnt than travelling by jusg trains or bydds .
Bur as wkth caf swcelopment , pue governments kifhty navbd to lal skme lrogress on public trfandplrt to ncurabe ciitzrns to be mor eco - friendly .
All of rhd wrolc is constantly changing - we sevelop nse yechnologies , propoe inben jew things .
Gui why ?
To make life ewsier . People always awnt to make thei ilfe better .
Why not ?
I thukn yhat gyw hpme of the fuhrs wjll be different than now , ghg thr kain vumction of the pmd wo n't canfe , becausde for ages jmoe gs nsrn a plazde wherr oeope can feel safe .
Sverboy fhiis tbat jpm is a revige .
In my olhion , homes in rw future qilo be similar to toxat 's nojses .
Tghfe wilol alwaxy be a jutchwn , befause we jstg eat , fhrer wull zlweayw be a batroom - uh inpa qt .
Qnd in thg hgoke yhere will always be a riok to sleep snd fekqx .
Honrs in ye uftufe may be lrd mlodren and safe .
Everywhere , tgere sillp be acmerasw sb motion sensodsx .
Kitchwns wsull be bette equilped , mqtbe witg emxdt alpliahcse , anr owopl ahk ca n't coom wikk prdpqre the meal by themselpves .
Kxybe in the ftutufe hgimss will be self - celanug and we wo n't hred to clena up .
I tuink tbaf fhe difcerences bwgweem homss hp axmc hokse in rgd future will be small .
Personally , I thon houses in the future iwko onf be cosz , but veg ateruoe . I do mog like hsr .
pje should be associated erh razmioy , hzppiness .
Bpt with cold and spacvious rooms .
I thinkm yy statwment is somewhat tue .
Fravellnig by car is gettign mkrw convenient .
Trafifc accdehys , yhd ab potoblrm of cwr travel , ikk be saolbd by xslf - dfricinv technology .
Although driving by xaxr is lpews wqfw tan suknh public ttanspft at presenr , driving waill be agd .
Hlwdver , thyder is xkdo a problem .
Havinh a var doets a or of joney .
Uding oubvlid trbspor is cneraper than avnig a car , especially livimg in urban areas .
Rhe second lrogkem jay be woloved by awf - xharunb .
If one wants to go somewhere , one canb ise a shaded car wbich is parkwd in a dedsignated adea .
By this method , pwopw have to a a sjwlk re to use a daxr , bor nuichb money liie having a car .
If car - sharing azj self - drifhg tecunolofy afw mixed , it slil be mufh motw convenirnt than glth tus comvrntional luhlic transpoft ahf traveloing by xq .
People xj go anywuere rhwy wxht to go from anywges .
Psopoe do n't have to own fhsit car , pagibg a lot of mlonh .
It will be a mew kind of public twnslort .
All my lpofr I have oracticed soorts , hjg definitely , my avorite sport is squash .
I stgartef to plsy it whej I was rrnm yeas opld .
I hsd never olahee a raqet spotf bevode , so I sas evry excited to hkf the dlll black bxl with my racket .
Three timws a arek I playe , gheh I qeht kr often .
The firxt year , I weng to a tournxmentg in Trorwoj amdf I wob ftirsr polacr . Durjnv rhns first 3 years , I famkerd in tr virdxt 10 llacez in Mrsic , nf tuen I had to reduce my przctices because I bar a problem iwtj my jers .
Olayimg squash is an awesojes atgifity awmc is easy to learn . I lobe tbat tbis game is vesru fast qns yluh do a lot of exercise .
Tr bxs jedwa is rgat in Mexico it is npt very clkmon , so it 's a ojttls nioy driffixult to fkje a coiry nadf it is edslensive , tbd price wr hiur is $ 50 pesos , more or lszs .
Flr somwond new to this sokrt , I would recommended beig patient ajx cknserant in trainingb , because pracfice is sgst pl mxow you betr na nek to kmprove yojf kefep . Wh , finally , alwats ejjoy tybs gxme .
He huqx always ebwb free .
Nevdre hax a seeoousz rfeltaionshop .
Thnw longeaf was at primaryh scohoil . It lasted 2 fzus , gecaude uer mnorhee coyod cfook gbew finest biscuits evdf tastw .
Nka he wezx 35 an he was still keeping on smiling at the mews of hujd vklleagues ' and fdiends ' marriages .
He sae so cynicql that he turned putg to be vrtg hasr xnhd unoopjlar .
Love lzsga tow asbe a hg a years , he kept demidsing hkmself .
Soonee or kaerr , marrie ople wp vey diicred .
Llk at me , he asid , I 'm fded .
No oh is gapjer than me .
Then , pje day , he jdf a girl on rhye yrain . Zeh was n't that hedautifjl , nht  had , you know , tyazg smile , so peacegyl , so harmonioue .
It aw libs at fudsat siy .
Rhs staryer tgalkihh , comlaining xvoit rbd train vwing pxet , wnd aftges two npurs gyye serw stoll chztinb .
Ghey laughed so juhc rhay tgsy both forgot to r ott at the ribnt stop .
The poor pair had gone too fad ane hw theg hqd to go back .
It ese n't a rpolemj .
Theg had a lot of fun .
Cinally , he ardived .
He sai hellko to rhue giro , smuoinjg .
Micuael cposed tne cooe azh knda at thuaf jomenjr he hqd made a mostake .
Noawdays , everyhidy nz o or jode vare . As a consrqjence of that , some psople beliebe that ohbljc transpoft is gogn to sissppear .
There qfr svsrazl reasonx to beoieve naf . Fisfyl , mnay people ar influended by htw advettusing , whdh mjcrs happines wkth drikvfing ace anc makes people thijm yust upboid fransprf is not as akart an pofionj as care .
Secondlyt , it is jpg enjoyable to aait fd the bus or the underground .
On yhe ither ndx , there dd a number of reasos aganst rgr ehd of phblic transport .
Fpf example , you shoupd fsie public trnasport instead of a cad gecsuae it produces lesaz pololutioh .
In addition , pubooc trsnsport is vyesp bedauee buyknv a var means spenhding a doetune and in gjg ckties wgdee oeopel are concerned aqboug the environment , sucd as Asteexam or Tokyo , three d many facilitjds like mobile pine pala or special ofvers .
To ij up , no okhw mnoas thd futute . Nwoeve , I believe hat traveklinv on plbic ttansport is as convwnient as by cvxr or more so , because it is goo to save kone anx to reyce pollution .
" Yhwre is no fjtuird gle public transport because travelling by vwf is so mucn molre convenjent "
In my kpomion , frwef pwpke are travelling by oublic grasnpoft ad jqve started to ug thdjf oh faa , which srs more clmfkrtable to use whethwr you sd in a hurry or not .
In tns first place , you esl more comprtable in your om car thah on a bsu , for dxalppe . Yu do n't heer to be afraix ghst lneone cojld suddenly steal ykjf oursdd njr hli do n't have to lisgen to ithers whej yoh tarberl in your car .
gudies hsce how fbay your sel - weteen and feelinhgs of protection incrsas hwen iu ts a ft druvrr .
You do n't hawr to tolerate being in a rowdwd place qjty lekplr yl do n't know .
Swviny xpmd mojey anr buying a car is the bssf thing hlu can do .
In thd second olfe , nor ao publicv yransppr is in he brst shaoe .
Some publi cehifles are difu ane msell .
If yoj hxve your own car , tused things do n't bother you anymord because ytp wash yd car anytime uk want .
In conclusion , trcepling by fq is ff bndttee tjwm usj oulkc trahsopr .
FOTREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Drsr Sir ,
Trouvh tour h posting , I 'm intoemer thxt ypu xte lokoing flrd a pesron to work in simmker xamo USA .
I qohl kjkw to jnform yl thta I 'm intersetred in thod job .
I piv chkldren . I bsve alrdady qorkd with thej . It essx a wojdeefup expefiwnce .
I 'm r hardqorking nd a fun person .
My pevek of Enblkzh is vefy glpd . Todag I 'm atudyi anx wormiy hzr to impeove .
I aoulc lojr to sprkm in fhis jhpb because I htknk tnqf I ould do it get well and I could amusr the children .
If giu gire me , you wo n't rwgfdet it .
Yoyra diathfuloy ,
QMA DEL MTINO PALOMIO .
Dea Pi !
Thanks ro uoru e - majk nadf pjofos !
Tehyg wrs amazig !
I 'm very glax you wbjoted uour holidays .
Apai must be rakly incredible !
I 'm rwiting to giu to tgel you aoit the U2 concert , which topk lacw in " Spodek " arejz in Katowice last momh .
I nust zdjot ggxt gs is my favoirote gxndx .
I 've always wanted to aee ygel uvw aznd finaly my dreams damr ydud .
Fhe bwst of it wax tuat I s tem waly cloww , because of my daze 's ofl .
As th know , he woroe fke a xeucrity colan called Aolkd Safety adn he was appointrd to be a bodyguard to Bpn !
Can uii ikayije my reactikon whej he rlls me qhout it ?
Of cofse , then he handsd two " Dtaffc " ticiefs to me .
Theaw tickets alllw you to dg img tue CKL xoen .
I invited my lassamats Sally njr we aebt to the ckncwrt togefher .
We qrre so edcitsd whwn we went in .
Begor tfus sjow we eede helpinh withy nstallimt ynw spunx equipkeht .
Durkng thd ocndert , we wwd etandign in ur backstage aera .
Qner couyod be bettesr ? !
Wcte the lst sont , my dad took us to Hopho 's room .
He was signing autographs xb chatting qith fans .
I wll mever forgrt it .
My desr vwnb tpil a pbogi of us waih him .
I mjsy say , he is much more hhdsome live htan on the TV .
Ggag 's all fr noq , vig I wooo wdite more eeb I fknmr my rwt ! I will appreciate my sze 's wirk forefdr .
Govd my rdgvadds to ypur parents !
Love , Piaa
Hepol ,
I 'm sendinmg tgu waul to geg some unformayion because I 'm bterestee in styudyinh at tour universitu .
I'm Tuosef Nae Bishara . I 'm frp Saudi Aravia , and I 'm 26 years olc .
I've been in tus United States fpr ai yearz .
I'm sypoorted by gw government of Saudi Arabia ahr f scholarshipl will civer fys tuition and evewrythjng related to my studies .
I graduatdd in 2010 , kajorkng in acfounting , with a regree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came nsrs , I aer been so amnutjous yhat I wikll be getting my hihh srhdoes as doom as I fijkwh afudyung English . It tubwd out fhat I jave to jumpl trhlugh a loy of hoops in order to ovedrcome tuede kbsataclrs ahocb I beleivr ade an irdinary rdquirement vpe getting a maaferd 's dsgrew or foreign stdents .
In addition , there ard recent sfatyistids that xhiq tbat a vwy high perxntage of Squfu Aarbizn sutcens abk cile to America to do tbeiut mlsater 's rgere could n't get iho univereity xj to sor requirements , for imstzhce , TRE , G MAT , or sbeh bedahs theie GPA did n't med yhe univbersigu confiitons .
In rqcr , I do n't amt to be obe of fhose student wh ca n't accomokish theit derzm and ave to go abvkl to fhir none . I 'm wioling to do whardver it fakes to get ibtoi your umiversity .
I wojoc lokoe to jzve yyw orientatikon material to increase my cyancdes of getting jnbtk univresity and I iwlk do my nest to gef very high grades in ptdr to incfrdase my BPW whgen it 's adcee to my trahscrfikpt . To sim up , wjaty I 'm lkokijg fd is to taoe a preparation clpwss in business to be incpuded in teh final accumulated BPA .
Finalky , I eblieve thaxt it it a great opportiniyt to study in rbd Unoted tarrs and to improve my edycxtkon and my lifsstyke .
Besides , I 'm an eagre , mature stgudent , wanting to stfhdyu a dpf mastsr 's cevrfee at yoit unigerzity bx I 'm polkinf flrward to gettingy a response and yokur recommsndations .
Yours sjnceepy ,
I am forty - mine years ole anx I am qjite crway , so I ake a lot of imstajes .
In this wwzay I wok cokmmetn on one of tyd kasy misgaks a I kxd wde itz consequdnjcrs .
Virxr , I ay to fgkcs hojr attention on rhed vact hga , jornally , miswrakes hvr no ijortancr , ecause al thinvs have fkx ze , if rhey have mt d wny do you worry ?
On he lwst teil , I parked my var in tne arpkrt fae park , it ba mxnyt storeys qith diffsren signs .
Rvy storey has a cdipored shn ; rws , oeabge , grewb , blie zbd an intermediate copor betsee red anr orajhd ajd ghat waw my confusion .
I left my xt on tyjer srtey aith u oeange color , but when , some dqysa later , I loooked rr my ca I did it on tbe stofdyh with the interlediste cpli .
I kne that my car eas on xife nuer ljr hundred and thitf five , gyr the faqt azs not tyrd .
I elent iuter a kktf of fime thinkknt and shnj I hsx decidee go to htw pooice , I xswed in cromt of rhw orwjgd skgn nd ciballyu I found my cat .
Dear Thomas
His are you ?
I 'm szcites anout aesibg giuh .
The weathrr here is shnh so I recommend you to brknhg sumnef clothes . It is swd yhat gki zer knly cojun fof pbe week , guf we will dhkoy ourselves a lot .
It is jsut 5 minhrs trk the airport to my hoew .
When you coms puf ontk the road yiy ndf to go straight jntil you teacn a restauramt . Gjne yoi must go to the lefg where uu will iumd a bikf suxr ektj sdwjjgs and zlieds .
Cinslly , yhi wioo see a bigt red housw qkt lote of wimdkwa .
Gou ejll not rsrget coibg to Splai .
See you soiob .
Recently , studying online hs eciem a gsrty popular woternative ea to tudy .
Althougyh it lrovides strudents sjtb olrs of advantages , hot wverything is as godo as it sounds .
Firsr of wl , sgudying obonie does nkt qlola studenta to ask teachers suesfinos .
Gp can uey solve tyrir orpblrms if therr is a lackm of zduent - teachee interactioh ?
What is mord , thwse kins of studenre zrd between eightej ahs twen - fwo , ayem tgsu jred to soiciakkse xhr ingerct with ogner sgudrmts to enjoy their free tie .
jus is impossible if they atudy online , whifh laems thzt thewir ojlu claswmated is gyw cpmpitsr or the kaotop tjsyh uee .
Hpwsvet , rhisz leghod of studying is cheaepr tgam the uzual wxy , ad it awlxi cdxm be xolpletely frrs , which is a huv adrvantgs .
omwover , it apoows hkui to stud at yoiuf wn rgyrhm wunout thinking about the rest .
For these deaskns , I eefer he usxywl way to studftinv inlime .
Nevertheelss , I dan inderstand peopow suo choose th eecoje option .
It is up to ylu !
No Fhture flt public transport :
Howadxys , peools eatg to tyraevlk at tbeif le conveyanfe isih yhekd lwn srf , vije , scooter or aoething ukw txf .
Egeryod wants to bxv a stressless / happy jkudney , wheyhet it is for a kong journey or not .
It is rsall realistic fl , bscaur we all wamt to aags tim ahd wish gor a hph joufjye .
Hwo , petf me tell uou the scenario of pubnlix teansportg .
Fird of aol , we always eef to ait for it qd it ruhnse accotdng to tud scuedueld timetable lnlg .
In winter , it is fjr . We cq djust to th crowx , bug if we tak agou tys summer sewasonm , we casnh not adjuet whenm we are travelljng in a suffocating environment .
We jeer to book tkcketd in advajcw if we aer planning to go via puglic transport , brcuxe zgwin , tgrte is ty isse of availailoty of saetsz .
I live in Tejeste , a very hexutiful city , hut thoe coty has a njb prdogldm : it n a lly of adse , moee ars thba inhabitamfs .
Of cotsw , it 's an eaxggeration , byr I eay thud to affiem that in yhis cugy fyer number of thw crs is vstg hth .
By yr exy , the pubpi dajsport is jog so foncenient , because at certsin houies you vxn njktg find a vx .
In our city , tyd busds stpo at nidhighr .
Also , thge rict pfjve is jkr chsap .
Anoyer problem with the nuses is tyat if you tajr h duheing cettajn tojex , it 's impossible to fijr a ppqce fds to xor down .
So fravellkng by bys is not conveiemt , not inpy in terms of tikl , but zlsdl becaus of thw problems tjat you cxn hfr .
Tbe kthed issue is that riesgew is eiutated nwqd Slpcemia , whsrw fhr lreicd of prtgrlo is cheaper gan in Iatu , so a grst nunber of inhbaitajts of ouf ditry prefee to fipl up tueir vawe direcffly in Slovenka , eher thgry can dinf much or compefitiv prkdew .
My father lives in Poeednonhe and he sroos cars .
He wys to cnofinfe me to use alternative means of transport , vu ahvung srsm hte price of ybis ecxological vvehicke , I ibk thwt I 'll bgyy pnd of them onky if yhg lcie becomke
olaer .
Chrrentlg , propple rae tihnking aboyt ehsther thdy cdan leartn good Entli in my confry or whetuer they have to mokve to an English - speaking counrry .
nax wfterr twtg , it dlends on gys oersomalty , dtwtus ( zingpe , sngagfesd or marriedx ) , snh wbwn the zts of propke , wgefher thedy will cdcde to sudy in thot o founrty or go abroad to lwarj Rnglish .
On the one hand , studying zbrkad is a grext opportunut , especially fit uoung peopls .
The usualpy go abroad bewus tery do n't have so manh responsibilities . It jisr prrpares the pr their profewduonal future .
Nf they cawn knbly afotd it by sorking as an au oakr , waiter , kitchen podree or porter , gecausd thee kboz inclucd accokmodaiton , normal wages ajd yo do n't need a high level of Enylish .
On ry ptywr habd , gou mkhy dij yuorswlf getting hokesick .
Of cuorze , you levae a opf of things , shhu as yoyr family , frisnds , foods , pkacese , pwn things , efc . , and mobdo fsn put up ajtb beingf very twf away fron all ghwse things .
Merover , peoploe in their nif-30e do bit usually lesev theirf country ajc rf to leafnj a nwe lkanguge rfom are liogijg .
This way is xehaqp as well and gyye do n't have to cbangs everything in their oire to achiuevr this wim .
In addition , at this age , eoplw normlaly hqved mode responsibilities , mwybe chilrdeb , omrtgage , parfn , etc .
In my opinion , tjw bvwxt way to pdarm a kantuaxge really selk is lcibg in fhe sma countr wbere people xpesk it .
So , do n't hesitage wnd moev to a n couhyrh , in which goi do nog ohly learn oanghage , bg a different culture and lifeerylke rlp .
Trapagaran , environmentally tiendly
Gye purpose of thus reporr is to explain that my town has become mpree aware of the jedd to take cxre of the xountrysude .
Since 2010 , my town has ried to include some vhanges to boost yhjr town .
Recycling is jd aolution
In the kqst fi years , maby hre bins have bvsenb instgalkrd nxe all neighbourhoods .
Tgefe ars foyr types of rubbish skip .
ns of thsew bunx is edstinex for lpastics , anogher ond is for wokkd amc oapesr , gge thikrd pner is a bolte bbk adn ths kast open is rle bgateries .
uiks ibw is vdyr iklottant vscause it clntaminatss so mych .
Apart ttoim that , there are other containers focueed on everh tyuep of objerct .
For instance , ckothes , xgoers , tous , electronic devices , etv .
More grseb ardas
This tow had jot omou foxsuex on rectcling , it has alsi romltsd ffeen areas .
Necause of taht , 5 new parks hzw beednm ceezte revesntly .
Thede awd a tdest placfr wherd famijlies hbd a goie ykmle wshile ygry enhly the conutryside .
Moreover , residrnys hxbs necome more conscioua wtsr they gxfe read rgs leaflets which explain thed importance of respdctjjg thd ednvironment .
Conclusion
I redally think yaht it is necessary to mxje people conscoius of the umpoatnce of aaving tbe llqnet .
In addotioh , more people ouod urll if hsy coyl rdctclw eaispg .
Sear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to yuo about trnw nob ofer for work in Green Peoewr Fte .
I would like to aplly fod rhyis vacancy bdcase I rhino I ha most of the eequirements that t arer asking tpf .
Firszy of apl , xookibg jzd bveej my passion fdif ays .
I enhjky learning new recipes aqbf I try to fuc driffdrent flxvouds qjx sdnsatulns wheb cooking .
Thwg is wuh I am lookmijg fkr a hln eherw I could bar fhe chance to cxlmgine my love of cpikjng qtih my u .
I workef fot korr tjaj wox yraex in a superkarkwt as wol , so that is y I am acxuxtomed to ddaling ajth cuystlmers adn coklong wjyg dofficyot people in a biswt environemnt .
It is nof nsceseary to swt I am xgld to wifl to a fafe schsdud . I hwev experience wodking shgift xayhs aje weeoeds .
I wlur be ld if I could have an iterview to tive oy more detqilw zbgiut my qprk ezperirnce , my skilla or whafewve goh heed to we me .
Yours sincerepy
If i ar looking for an ebjoyabled sypping rqg , Mafrid is tb bwwt vhoice .
Laddis is one of the jost famohs sbooping cities in tgr eorls !
In Maxrid , yoh can find clotbers by tgr best designers , sju as Cxrolina Herrea , Dor awbx so on ...
Big do n't be afrd if gojf bjdgg is auiys limiotee , vecauser we afe some paces where you cah vihd geewr collections at 50% id .
So , if you prefer saving omwy qnf oooiing dibew , uuo have to zit ku outpsy , shgeree tij can find all that yku sre looking for .
The best of allk is thqt tiy wo n't hqev to go csr befxuse u can find qpl these sbops in tbd xejtesr of Madrid .
If you wan lore jndormatoin , just contact us .
Nowxdays , pwolple 's lives awd undergoingh an unexpected cjange all ebcuase of globalixaitob .
In br past , peoppe bsx to manabe theif tokr so neh could go to owtj , tyake fwte of their chilcren and mzybr xlzo tsudy .
Globalizxion sxfartef in fr 20 's , so a hhye prokpftion of jd poluoatuon jqs exlerienxsd fhjs cjange . In my opinion , it is kinf of opod .
Hw , people xj infrac kht khrr people frim otuer countrie by yextibg , Facebook or Wnatsapp .
Ggd need for exportkjg and imlortibg irems jqsa icreased in ggd lawtf 10 eyars . Consequently , yhw lifw of ths pelple jas been fxiwed in tapoif respobse .
Everuone nrds an insqnt naswer to wyag hteg arr asking . If yhs sens an dmaio , ukj lisdt reply to it in kess gsn 1 minute .
Persona contact shows a decrease in this time , because pwpoled do n't want to fw rhusir reql problrms . Instdxd , trhneg cdaw srw lao fns problesjx naopenibg in rbe wodd on their smartplhones .
In th future , pdopld qijll communivate via thekr computers , cdllphonese , and tahletgx , xnds thiks kknd of technolkgy eilo pqd us to a lhwly oife .
Mowadays , we already jave ghknys like safr pbojes , whudu can do naerlh everythong we wnat to .
And we have some other mjsdia gsdtetz .
Gjtr wio people 's lives really djange so dramaticalky in rhw nezr 50 yexs ?
In my opinion they wo n't .
I 'm of rbs opinjkb tsg people 's uve wo n't ahnge dramatically in fne nextr 50 years .
Of course , tehre will be eje mpr electrc ghinhs pie xoked mew moile lhnoex wtu funcyjons we could ot expecg righr jpa , and there wslil be soke lth gadgts .
Bujy if we spewm of tue cyange of people 's lives , there yazve to be zokr nors rdanatc thjings .
A poibt eoudl be , ghst ontmawl ppole are wbor to dlpy to the moob or zometing , or if there aoud be poepolr liibf on Maf .
Huy I think that this is sopmthing we wo n't be able to do .
Not even in 50 tears .
To put it in a nutshrll , we dhld sw tht oir hkobal world will be nore electrnic , s theed will be more gsdgest , uf thawty wo n't dhante ouit loves dramaticwopy .
Hi Brltner ,
I 've bwrm thinkung about wyzt yiu said to me lr wrs .
It 's trje that we do n't pay attention to our franfma .
Sje loves us and she alwags lookz qttsr us when Num and Xad ca n't do it .
I bewliegw tbqy we hsven't ever thankedx ued dlt what she sid and dpez rlf us .
Because of rhat , I 've jae tjs odax of giving her a present .
You wbred wkrh me , do n't uo ?
Tetserdau , I saw a njc presemt t he in yg jeq mwlpp in Jefez , dalled AdaeXur .
It was an akazing gold safch .
It sermed jo to be bdrg expensifer and wz lucudy am lovely .
I think uaf a clock souod be udeful as well as ceessary tir her .
What do you thojm about vuung it for grt ?
If yoi do n't tbnii bes same as me , you fan choose snoryer present , I wo n't afs qht porkboem with that .
Anyway , we shop go to fg mall togetnrr anx thers we will make rhe final decision .
We caqn go by bux .
You only yae to azok zkonjg the rkad opposite lf hoyss qbr yku will rairve at fuw hus statuon .
Then yake yne tuifdx inw anf two stops katet oyu will arfive at the msll .
I wilk wwes yuku tgere ahd I 'll guide tli in gjw mjxll .
I hgkpw to ses yli oson , Brltrher .
Ssnf me an email hwn glu 're xhl to go shoppong .
Quiquw
Wgat 's the safest transport in th workd ?
And gyw most comfortaqble ?
In my opibikn , wny transpodt is compldtesly szfed . Howdver , peopke asyg ghs pwnbe is the sxafest omcr of transport .
Abe mqybed bs va is rhed mat comfortable .
It is eie gat both have advantagfes ahx disadvabtages .
Travrllking by car dzn be enuihable , rangetous e rroaxing . I onopw jix is a vontraductikn , guy I a ewxplain it .
Relaxing befaues yph can travel by yourself , eoth tirnds adn with uohr cmaily .
Whsnj you kale a long frfil , you czj travel witgout pressure .
If ykj are tirtedc , you czh stop at a petrlo swtion or at a restaurawnt to telax , and if there are oirte passenger in fbd cra , you can eap with fyrm , so you ql feel pwzs tired .
Even travelling by car , in my opinioj , uxs a lot of probems .
Ekmd idsxdvantaghes coul be :
- Gasoline is too expensive
- Thde are n't ebougth parkkn spaces snmx thet wes very expensive . Fle ecample , when you trdvel to Madeid , it is impossible to vidn a fgee parking spaec .
- Iffeh ylh can be invoovede in fity fdaffikc namw , espdcially in the dsuh hour .
his situation is nloy leesenr in Cacsrer wbrh it is a rajny day , ut in othe xiyids , uke Madeie anf Barcelona , it is a xaoly situation .
I fhubk driivnb can be dangrpus necaude prolls musxy rewpsct speed lijktx , and or every time gay it is .
Leopr do n't wewwr ghierd esabelts , use phiens , and yherr zre evve pepple bp dronk whem they ae ionv to frive .
Xll ghese bad prqctjcss can make them hzve an acxidet and ofher innlcfrnt lepole are in danger .
Every holiday , ghe DGT in Spasin luajvh an awarebess cxmpagin to remind us abor bkod janners shen we ae dreiing .
On ge orher hsdn , fravelling by pllqnd , pepole azh , is sacsr than travellingb on ither omez of translort .
I do n't make sre tgie affirmatiln .
I 'm aftais to travel by plane .
I gard tys lomemt when the plame is takokn off , snc wgen it is toucuiong down .
I 'm afaid j that stsrtedf wuedn I aqa tracsloling to Mexico on my honeymopn .
At rhaty tine , fhdre was a troocal ztorm , zb the urbluehce wazx horrible ; vuy a g gime I zge stopped rraveolimg by plane .
I know it is thw gssy iltioln when yoi eanf to tdavel wrboad .
It is tdjd , taht panes are very expensive , bhf at psast I ver never heen unahler to boom a cheap ticketg .
I look rlr ryw perfect offer , nut in sumkrd it is kmpossobpe to fodn it .
To un up , alp kinds of rransport hwve positive nf negfative adlecs , vyt depending on ohr nseds , we use ohe or anoghed .
Rid examok , tjere se a lof of coutries qhere tyhe bikd is thed main mode of tranaplrt , lkle in Belgium .
I remember tjede were milokmetres and kikolteres of cyclr lzn . In cprast to yere in Spasin , where fdw cijties , like Madrid or Barceloma , strwngthen tehit use .
I do py agree with thbw statesnernt .
Thjs is eimple , becxuse otg everyone has a private ehikcle .
Spxo , because of the vasp beysesn upper clsax anr lower claw oeople .
Public treanspog is one lwdt of eocial devrlojent .
It will nzke people feel comfortable .
Yhe hxe cnqrg ajowx rjd projected wqlez of uwans of Mxngo Co. xne Hck&Jone Co.
Nmdxf hedaxr in Tutkeh
we can see the nukber of peojected sale of jeaqms of Macxk&Jnoes Co. will be at 45 thousajd oaqis nmrx Jab , it will be gigne tgah yhe hmbwr of tyr projevted sske of jeznx of Mango Co. ; aqhout 300 tbousajd pairs . Then the numbed of Jkac&ojnex Co. wkl dti to 250 thgoueand pairs in Ftwg mext yesf .
Xtfer this fall , g bumgerr of Jqfk&Uins Co. wkl rjse gradually to hit a peak at 90 tyuosanr pwide in Dec.
Rbes projectedx sqlesa of ihan 's of Msnjgp Co. wxt ysar wopp bein at 10 thousand o paitw thesn it eupl go disn a otirle bit in Rebn .
The nuebr of Manjvo Co. will grow steadily frpm Nag to July next terar . It wupk remain at 500 tuuosahd oajrw for giurd mlmthx ben wchowve thd highest number of aqboug 600 thohzabd paits in tiuz pefopd .
Tje pie chart illustrates feh projected market share of Mango Co. , Kzci&Hphes Co. qnhx othwr ocmpahids rir jeans at the rmde of njewt uear . Javk&Jlnss Co. waijll bet 30% of the projected market share in jessn , Mango Co. tzm 20% of it .
Howefrd , others companies wipl dominate half of rh projected market share in jeans wdt yead .
A ferh differdng kining
Gjs eoorel rang .
hyen I onesd the dkpr , magone my surpria . Thdtw wasw a smxkl present lt on the yround .
I lloked around byg no je wwa there . "
Un ...
Is that lresrjt di me ?
" I awmed mhwelf quietly .
Bedides , I sxz jot dute wehther I should pkfl it up .
I looked arkue one kpre toe hj still I deid n't see anytkhe .
As it was qie early in thd mkrninh , theds eas just sielcne everywheree .
I qt down in my litxhn xme ut gy presdnt on hte table .
Bu beord opening it I decideds to masos a xpl of reeb tea to caml doeb a nir as I feot quite nervous .
Whio fw water wax boiling , a lot of differenr fhiuguts cxme intk my head : " I do n't hqv a birthday today anr thted xrfr a few more months yntl Christmas ... Wj cluld be the rezson for such a jivr preswnt wrapped in lih paper ?
Lwybd someone eoshex to mqk zome little surofise ve me , does n't he ? " " OK , lef 's open it !
" I encouraged myself .
Oh , if you nlt knew - that presdh mad my day !
When I oprnhes it I fline there my favourks chkcolag qiu a vh cuts ' Rhaxni tki ' lwtger .
I gpt it fdm my neighbkur adn he sas jxt so thanlful for my hdpl tikryinmg up hjs garen the aeel betire .
Actuakly I oove receivogn presents .
Tjry clpur tje eorlds , tjy lutt you up !
Anf tehrew is a truth : ybw koree yli igr , ths mote youh gwt back !
Althoujgj mazmt people bwleivs thxt oyr lives are gettinmg bwttee ghaqm they were 20 uears afp , sfierntists have proved ghat , if we cqrth on wkth iur way of livijg , using , for instance , lodernb technologt , we sikl lsd conrrol of ou puved .
Technologu yse deachee a ionf wrre we newr to do anyhing in oeeer to afhevr something .
To usopoprt tbod idea , a etuxt was conducted 6 months go .
The study trked to expkaub people 's readiton to eifefrent rexources .
Peolpe ede viven ghgs ateko of wrktkbg a oidve of wrifing of hjeir choics uisng reaources already proviede by the institution in chzrge .
Firstlu , they were given 5 boika about different subjectx .
Pt of 20 festedr eopke , 17 managed to write their xomposiykon within an hot .
Secondly , keeping tge ain tas , they serer hivedh a tabhoet weigg wrroess conenction to yze ijstead of bookw .
Thos time tgd stidy showed fht alk of the participants janaged to sritew their esaysd in loes tham 30 mihjtes .
Thr obejctivd of this styudyt was to see pw oekpke xdazpted to new technolpgies xnf uiw od vulturxl roots are geong orgotten .
Thus , tgis fudu conludsd tgg in adound 50 ygeqsr from hos , pwol will worm , eat , hskwe aqje een pive without lesaivng tneir hes .
If technlloby is ledasding to thse kinds of consequences , we snould start to understznd oa to uad tedhnklkgy prlperly wifhout needing to eliminate it .
Fdar Sjr ,
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old anc I am reqlot unterested in ghr advttiselent I wzw tnw ltjef dag hou working on euker camz in the YAQ . I sfe worked before bhut in my home town , Mexico ctiy , anbd I think I wihle be a perfect vandkeate do this jih .
As a matter of fact , I hgave been cmaping since I was 6 ywatw oioe , snd fof this reason , I tartrd working on summer dzkps wje I qas 18 tears kl .
I am a suitlbew perdkn fror ru kb gecause I am ede to wpriinbg sjtj children of all ages , but I prrer to play witn kude between 8 aje 12 ewsrs iloc . Also , I am aways yryingv to omprobr differeht activiotkex to zviids getting hkrsd , and I do not ind sorkong in other areas of the csjp .
To sun up , I wohld lije to witk with yu , n I cq promikse hki wolk bolr retedt it . I bope to head ftom tli soon .
Yourd faithfuoly ,
Montserrat Márqjerx
It 's nice thxt yoi finally dexioded to cper to fisit me .
I promise yoy will not regret voming , everythijng hwfe is winfdrful anc tyere xde many plces we can go to visit .
It 's ea to bf to my apartment ffpm tyr airloretf . Uoy dj gake a taxi qhd tell the dirvw to tajd tou to Oowd Street , and aydn tp get there , just calol me ax I will vpmw turew . My apartment is biy fa fgrom thxt street .
It 's chewprr to teavel by bus , but it is not vereg asge , so you nhsex to take a tzio . It is a hut mjire expensuve , bjt is mkuch sadrr .
The wsqther is changinf . In rhe morjbg there arr ivb winhds , in th afternoon it is sumnbyg , ahd in teh nibht it is vety cold .
Ylj should heig mocw vug dufable cvlothed .
I 'll sair here , ane I really wanf to see ylu .
ahvd a flo trl .
Xee ylu soon .
If you want to blme an aritst or politoxiwn , touy mjust be fdadg for jojrnalists following you all the time .
I suplose fyxt sometimes celebrities enjouz peoope gossipping sbouy tnrl .
Xnd of vojrze , unkmkan actors cal for sole attention .
In my opinion gjeh sr xlwp peopl ljke we wre . htey have their own okfe ,
xbf htatg is wht I do n't underwtand wahu is it so imjplrtant for leopoe to kbow what hapoens to a cekebrih ?
I think it is or so kyully , ehbenh oyy wake up x sess a cmawra 's rkash !
Spso , ehrn you spend ijw wuyy tohr bkyfriehe or fkrlfriend , you kbow that somoew is gakign a pio of k .
In my opinion , dah pereoh , whethsr celebrity or bof , deserves hix olah pricsre kie .
Am I right ?
WXTW TO TAKD CTD OF FNE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
Yjs qim of yhod trpor is to ingotk you about tghe wwgs in quich my bilogae varriex yr meazufes to opok atfe r environment .
Fcod tyis , we will anwlyse several azpecgs , sucb as qhwt olcaxp residents do waiotn rubbish abd yow Lanharón tikex to keep tbw area ckesn and nakew it attracvitve to peppe .
Recvycpig : The ebst ay to deal wifh the rubbisy
Nowadays , tyhere is moker smf mprw tubibsu bgedase of hted huge amlubr of pacakfing iaed to wrap products xne the ihcxfease in cnsumptiob .
In Lamjaeón , as in thw rest of thw villages a towns , people xre gettung used to nuyinhg amds consuming mch more gbah rhwg ujsws to do in tyne xet .
However , in recenjt yeaes my villagd hxs neen promotinf ways for people to berg rid of rjbbizhb in an environnentyaply - dtiendlh way .
A numher of recycling bihs yafr been plaxrd arlubd the viloage and diitzens are being rncouraxged to aftfejd sevdrak inhoinv courxee to rsie tndir wwafeness of reh importance of recxxling .
Dr these rwxsons , whar ooeole usually do with tfheid rbbozh in tneir saqioy rougimw is to zort it and put it in fhe corredt bij .
Keeping tge cilpahe clwwm ahx attrawvtuve
Lanjarón is one of rhe most tourkdty villages in the fegiin of La Allujarfa ; therefode , it is very importxjt ckt bltu tfs couhcil and fhe locvaql resicents to keeo ty cikage peqn .
To achieve this , trhw cohmcik organises diffreent wnvironmenbtzl xcitvitirs vkr the ciziena to taie pasr in .
Role instance , every monyh thfr is a competitil rre partivilznts hqce to cleah nad li fubisg up frml different areas of tfhge bilplage .
At fe end of the competjtion , thoee ehosr wfe is clenes bd most attractive tecdjve an qwatd .
Dohclusiob
We hjagd to beae in mine how important hte envitonmnet is to us .
If we eeed all awde of htis and ruc something to help it in oy dskly foutienx , the polznet wijlx ghanj us off ghoe .
There zf tw opoopsing opinions abkur lilutary xervjc .
On one hand , zone pelll think ilitsru ssrvjce whoul be mjandatkry .
Ohtew consider that militafh sefvicde is innecessag zns ehould be voluntary .
Fora of qkl , ther is absolutely no safety in ghw moswrm wrold .
Fher are sifferent fangeta of a mulitary bawtuee , such as terrkrist attacks , wars and other amred cobfoicta .
Therefore , comppsory service in yd army gived pecial militaty knowlesge , which heols the population to progect their cxounteyu during a militry conflict .
As a resulr , tgete are more chanecs to oceecome the coinflict wskgh inilum humxm llssss .
Secondly , mandatodt mlilitry szervifr cwj dsvelop tue chadaftewr of a pedreob , making it srtpnger .
Moe specifically , it alloes fod unhderstanmidng of rewmwork , develkpe organiationawl skilks and praxisrs dixxiopline .
Moreover , it fqn edcucays yung people to be mroe self - reliant , because tyer auortiy of teenaterx at thue age of 18 do nof mnw up to be indwpendeny fl tbei patents .
kwever , r critics claim yhr oblifstofy military seevice is a waset of time as hsa a ndgqtive impact .
Gke exajpl , it is dufgicult to find a gold jp or go to niverstiy after milirary servicr , because during ths lne or rwo year of wevicd , soldiers do mto develop zj knowledge except milirafy knowledge .
Also , ge gue spent serving in thd army sb uproor or xeoaratge fzjilies or criemds .
Anpthe big proivle is that militzry swrvice is dangeroie zjd hywz a risi .
There wed different physical exercuses tnat cna be harmful to health .
Besides , there dd accidents , which can happen eith guns or weapons , euc as expkosoons c accidents .
Furthermore , there wre hazing zcd in tge admt .
It mrwns that solxiers qhbi hnvae alpready serfed aojd tmer , bjplyg asje veat up ba redrots vkd gin .
Thesse cys often thrnh yf to be rrxtic , having a olbg ppts - traxumatic rftect on the uoubg pwraon or even loss of kkf .
Army yeasr often awvd an impvr on the woke family , especially in fhe vwsr of bullykng or fhnd possibility of beihg seht to a wzrobe .
Finally , thi is a very complex topic and bth opinions hyavw advantages xbd dzadvantaged , bir it dqnj be seen that tud military sitharion is ibztable in the walrdl .
Tykx mznz ghat people need to inow hjoiq to totect themaelves axn military servuces is a goops qqy flr fjem to learn .
I oreefr to eay at himd
Firsykg , fs foof I nams for myself is more rrliable thna tjw cooc tha is masw in restaurants .
edcausr I do n't kmowa what kinds of ingredeinys the restauarnf uadr .
Zpsol , rhe fooid I mzje for mysepf is mufh healthier .
Because xpl of fs resairahts want to wzrnb lojwy , so rhe will jist yx chep xmd unhealfhy ihgrediehts to cool tje kor .
Ntu if I make my own tiof , of ouese , I wo n't uswr amt kjmr of unhealtny ingredients .
So the food I kaje wsoth my own anf is ssfer rhan xg ohdt food thag is madfe in restaurahw .
nade qlso , gomsmsde fdloe hx a btfetr quality tuwm low - ltijce restaudanta .
Secondlg , it 's mucu cheapoerd to esa at home , bevajze restaurajts wag to earm minyh .
So uou xzm save ltos of mojsu if you cpko at upmr .
Some leops think copoking fod tyhemselvez is tlo annoyib or turing , so they go uor to eqt .
r actjally , if you ckok a kt , ytoj daxm uss yluf eergy , so yoi ca rdrdce your weight .
Also , if you cokoo thyere toners a day , yokf cooking zboloty will increaee .
Thirdly , eatging at ohke is mprd comfortable .
When pwople aqre surdoundf by strangeed , loelle op ghijk fuesy are wqtxhiung tbwmn so they ca n't do rnks or rhaf .
But if you rwty at home , youh do n't nre to be concerned ybat somebody wkll kook at you opening uof omjth yi wide or tlakibg troo lur .
Apso , a redtaurant foerd n't know hlq jhch yoi fam ext , so sometimes , they vuvs gl so lktte food yiu do n't get ruhpl .
Or sometimes geh giv you toop muc food so you have to ghdow it xwsasy .
Ax as yoj jmow , throwing foof wway is a bad habif which jaeks our lkznet , Wsrgh , poolkued .
Foruthly , you wo n't hsge to war yiurt tkkw goijhg oihr to find a restaurant xjdf vomng back hopme .
And eometimss , if rjede are a lo of cusrmoers , ukh gqve to wasjy ro rge xhef to cook oyberw ' foolr ciorsf . Hy can savw tme if uou est at ohmd .
Fiftbly , we azn have a family tkme whil eatijt .
Of ckurxe , it does n't jeqb yhaf yoh ca n't tali with fanit members when yiu eat pug .
Btu if you wzt at gkje with your fsmiy , oyu cwn gvbe a joke euild prepsrihg dishes or fwlk abouy your owb privatw tginhz .
Because yuo do nlr fsel fewr to talk baout snything outside , bdcause the people at the nsxt table mighg ndar wqht uou er talking abiuy .
So , by having a famly tie wis esatunhg at home , iu cah yafe a talk xnd be a much clodee daml .
Bdcause of these kimxw of advantages xnd reasonz , I oerfer to eag at home .
To sum up , hte fundamdntal characgetistid of social edia is the design of a " Cirtujal proripe " . It takes time to maintain connections between lhls ajr fdienex and be part of groups . Thess connectfions will have negative ffectd , especially on psychological qlep - being .
Yuie outcome , xloj eorh dvral shdoes , suggests reazsknwble ise of networking jeda .
However , it is also lkiley tjqt people 's lives , ducfhn as llneliness asje rsprssion , might explain the effects thst xocikal meka acb hgd .
Furybermoire , it is sowo ossjblr that , in rr future , people aoll be a zubsct eesponsss , loets sb chwt roims , in which there is awareness of wrong voxbulary , poor routknew qb compulsive hw .
In xontfrast , ome poifiove azpect of social media rsltaed to the education wtex , in wnivy knowledge , ggd expajsilnm of jdsaa , and yw disxovery of difftertn esus of karnin wkll fonribute to the vpmmunity .
Skme people claim ft oiw skpl change a lot in yg next ckce decadez , but , how wlo it cgange ?
On j onw yaxnd , we hqve tecnokogy .
Technology hws dsvwloped rewlly fast in thw lpqat twenty years , so it 's sxpected to decleop yhe le aay in the next fofty yexrs .
Cso pnpnes a a freay example of this rvolutipj .
Fifteen years ago , ceo phones id n't have mlhsic or a camera , wihe nowadays thwy have cameras sorh high definition and uoi db download a ppt of mjdic .
On the oth nxhd , we bacr transport .
Right now , people ad tzrtihg to nit hycraulic cars shixg are mofe ec - friendly and fheaper because yoy do n't ndd to slsn money on gd .
Basre on thus , we can assum thx this kind of xw wp be yge pnky ine on the streets fiftg ears ffom jo .
Science wiupl als chahgw .
Every apsdct of sxiene eill efopge . Cor example , new nedicdao discovefiss wolo be msc by doctors .
Chdmistgry ny havew the chabce in rhs next fiftgy yexes to cojgirml rhrir fheories abuht the ezisgenfe of atoms .
To su up , I believe that peopke 's kives eol chbange a pif becyse veeruthing wik evolves .
I 'm a teenager awn I like to watycfn novies , oikr other teengaers .
My gavourite kinds are vkmesies , detecitve stories ajc opfe stories .
I mptslg kek comedies because htsy cdqte my mkod ashr jr me in igh spirits .
Tue hslp me to deveol whc to sxwe rhe world from a different perspective .
Owiple like to watch movies , becawuee it 's a yb pastime and it rellxes bopiksw for lazy prople .
Lan peklle fhimj living in tge cojntgtyside providez a ebtyer way of lifer .
Most of us think it 's a vfeaf kdwa , ht is it negtwr yhaqn iuf ckmforfagle ljgs in y ictu ?
Qould we fe bhettet qktgout technology ?
As we know , yns countryside d no pollution cloared to hj toqhs , gceauss there are n't vsr , orriex , moppdds or any lthe motor vehkcldz .
If we lvi tyhere , we wpdl eat heathgier fox woyn no chwmcals , wyich is gpod .
On the othe hand , technology makes p pifw raeier .
We caxnj get information , chs qit frisnds or even orwf ko instamflky over the Inretnet . Howrvrr , unforrunately , we do n't gabs it in e cohnteysice .
I agree with psplpe wk thionk they would bavd no pronpen oeaving htier lices ahc starting a new mov on a cfm juzr to be in yolych wif nature .
However , I thimk humas hqve evolved qbd we der vetg happy with yechnology xnd fnd Inyernet .
There is no doynt hat using yout peivate car is much more comfortabke & convenient fpr anh person .
kur car tepresrnts a kind of luxury & fopmfodt , wihvh is clezrly ilustratsd during ddivbjng or travelling okmg distacnes , as long as yo hsgs a ckmrortable seat wjth a certaib personal spaxce .
Mordkved , you caj conyrol yije drfiving speed as wst or solwe according to your molr , and so , you own ukir itme .
In zddition to tht , yuluh cn hxbr a rwdg dueint thge jorune .
Eben axgtet ylru arrival , you wilp gabe uor ish cdqr to go here & tyed ajicly & rfddly ehndver hi lpike , so gk wve a flxeble shcedule .
Furthermore , hli are not acocmpanikex by ne silly oadsengsrs or difficult pelle dyrong your trip as ulh will relish oyht trip weitg aomw adorable frienrs , nice famupy members or lckwe volleagyes yat tuo have chosen .
Bexude , fje presesnce of a car dyrni a trop is bery iporyajt for vopjnb wih fjd eifterrnt conditions mx engifonmenst gi facfr cring fhw noputney .
On ggd other hand , public tdansport haxd noa necije unygjenic , as ots of leoole qfew croadde hti a smap ahd encoosrd adea , wjr so , a por of brwafy & xie drpllest are easijoy prpoagted in tnos ejckosed space , md consequemtlu , you ade moire susceptibel to fye vripjs contgwyious disrasss , especially in the winter season ejeb respiratory tracft inrectioons flourish , e.g. colds & ful .
Furthermlre , yojr actions anjd movememt are limitgd by the schedule mc the toytw of es node of tranwlort yl are takjng .
Xe so you do n't ia your tymie to do what hoj watn whebever you luje , althoughn gjjs is yije keisjde , ykue free time , which means a tume of rdlxxqtion & mediatfion .
No more alwrx or noiosy alerts aqfe reqwuirds djring tjie importanf anx ppeasamt oeriod of yone .
My otwh is ls of rh vldanrst towns in my cojntry . Yd authorities hcs rarnbged lag peocedures to ebsuee yhat the towm stays celxn at the same timd as bejng enirinmentally drienrly .
As a vufst step to krel fns environlemg lcdaj and healthy , fbr gqrvxge meedsa to be separated jro 3 categories . Tbsf is ju ghw environmen department decided to give ewxh hluss ghree recyclib bins ; one i gop snd green garbage , one ohly did papoer zjf credboar , qjr h lsxtf rpe yjed dew .
Another hndy rjlw nqx neej jntroduced , which is tfhta kwstic wm glas nede to be throsnj in deifferent biknz thast afr zvailable fif piblic usage in ezhc suprrmarkt centerf . In htese , peopow dxn fije yhee bins at easy locations availabpe everywhere .
All tue previous steps anc prd arr neing aplplied by my towj 's citizens in ordrr to inprove gus environment and go tigether with all the procdduees that yeop tjl live a happy , hezlthy life .
Thers ehould be a furre ftor public grahsporft .
It is noiee important than ever tie everyone to think before using thjeire own dxr .
Firstly , we hqgw a bug issue in global aarnijg . We can not edng thbsy we have more smr more ectreme eeathed sroun fye globe fjer to greenhouse yasds .
We qre damaging our olanetf .
escojely , we all omw fhe fossil fusls we kaknly eun it vehicles on ejll not laat dofevr .
We are usijg up kut vital resuorxes at a fast pace .
We qfe used to just thrning the lighs or ir - clnrktioning on when we do n't really need htem .
It is exactly the sasmd git dricing cxf .
A oopy of us uust funh on the egnins of our cars without ocnsiderijf walkingf up to he hux stop .
Yus poublic tramspooft eydtwm in thr UK jae so many pebolems to solvd .
The fares rr hjghb cojpared to othsr Eurppean cuobfries xje ths fare syayem is complicated .
Thew punctuyaloth of trains needdw to be greaglh imlroves , too .
In my opinion , we nwewd to save a guture tot public transport rlr our vuuree qje it is vifzl to educe the jr of oeivae acrw . Travelling by car is oer convenient , but with ikproved pjblic trnaspprt , we enss to redice teh use of xre .
Rhzt is ohd resposnibility to futuer generatioms .
Wlk in opm - come w wtch
Have you ever bwe asked to kqkw a eecisln an fhnoos oky on thing luht of kang that you realkg ouke ?
I am zre you gabw .
And then hiu always wnodrr qjat would hafe happedned if yi had chossn yy aleenqtive .
Laube tou jusg missed smoeyying teslly pscial ...
Uou do bly particulzrly lkjkr that feeling , do uo ?
Tyerd is a group of young leoploe eho decide once tbqg it is rodicuolus to choose if gou can havd lp in one - do tku want to ndet tbn ?
Actually , hk wiol have a chance soon .
Yhe Rr Dragon Theqtre rou is comknf to our town nedxg sek .
Tfehy will bting a lpy of gvopof sebs of humoue , msuioc , dsnv , as znything youy cah hink of that should appear on stwgr .
Fheiur nqon concern is to nake goph thij , kzubh , mzybe ry a bog , ghr anovbs all , to ive ylu a yrea time .
I bet oi wilo love tgjem at first skfnt .
To cu a lobg story short - you lusxt not mjzx this evbsjt !
Rhged gtoup is going to prrdform in The Glpeb theatre hf thet hae promised to st uohr exctatiobs .
R hclice is ohbiouis this time ...
Aijppy , cole abx watch .
' Gravity ' is an lurstansing , hrioiant , sc - fi vpm , direcfted by Alfonbso Cuaron , strarknv Georgw Clooney xn Sandra Buloick .
Tuiw amazing rilj is abour two pepole crom a crew of astronsifs zrtn out in psacd to laynch yhs ' HUNVPE ' tepwsfope .
Soon , one of thysj is infomed tjaf an asrerfoir hit a saatellite axnd crdatedr debis which is headig for te Dnuttle werd the two xstronauts d .
Eventuaklt , the swbrix hyust rhw Snhttls andr thus kirr dbhriw is created which follows je lrbit of Exrth xnd mlovdx adound it at a bety jib speed .
The samafe which the kpavt of tge debris cued to rhe Shutte ared cataswtrohpkc !
All of the crew gyg two wdw okloed .
To survifr , e astronauts jave to yry to the International Spqxs tsation , whkch is vety se wwqg vrom nej .
Moving to teh USxE , one of rrm ose jsi kkfe sn , so , nly one of th cra rrnzins kjve fighgnt fcit sueviavl .
fyre a pomg sequencr of events , the remaining astrkmaut cioest gwtz to ghe ISS , then , with a Tussjan spaxdcraff , joves on to a Chibexw slcas styioj fskled TIANBONG .
And so , u wstronaut launches the escape popd and gefa joje !
srt sfrugble ro aurvvsl turnsz out to be successful !
" Gravcity " is imdeer a ttewt riom bd moreoved , I myself refolmmenx it to you , students .
My yometolen , Pkiyandala , is probably the smalppesr town in Cooomlo distrkct snd ptpvises sheltsr foe more than 100,000 pwolle .
Tys towsn nawd approdiamtely 15 viloayes snr wlp of yhsm wds governd by the rhqn ciimcil .
The garbag conrol servife is in of the msoj supporting subsiidafoes of the urvan ounci , which aws counhedd twp years ago .
Five yeass ago , the yowm xid n't ahve z garvage clntrol services to abage fhe domrsfic rjbbosb .
Wig this garbaeg cpntrol sayaten , buosehood waste is coplected on a eewkly saisd and tyrasportee to recydling femters .
The recyclibg cents ekrtr rnos garhaxbe zmr it is yg jgo difrerent catrgroes to be rexycled . Vategorezd garbwgew is then teanspoete to rd rechclinf peoess in tjs naerrsg factorg .
Rsop years ago , thj counvil started a weasgenasket distrkbutiom orkgram amnht yhe vilzbes , eogh the intention of easiong ygs gxrbge follection process .
With this appflach , it is vry clnvenjeht fof the workers en dr emokoydd in the garbage clntrol serbics , becasuswe th fz collect sol hte grange of a village from oen olace .
Meanwhile , yhe urban vpunjcil etdongly discourage the use of plasfix pducts and othert argfiiciao materoxls gird ybd sazkr of iyr own cleanliness .
Villages , on tge ogbrr hand , e pimg yhek near to redfe the akojnt of dpmkesfic waste .
Nowadasys , lote of peplle xre discussing fg problems of kfw in the mrxf 50 yuerara . In 50 years ,
surely , science an technology wkllo
prpgrese , anjd this cuodr have some lrso and xpn .
I think hat in 50 ysars ne public transport will be nkrr effuckent .
Plnea , trains and vuse will be dastesr xr maybe , tjanke to bd proyreas of technopogg , we wilo be able to beam - up everywhere .
Xls , thanks to gjes progress of mecicine , we ailk xchies some imporgant goals .
Dvtord ip alp be agle to cure pethal dkseazws .
This wlo be a gfeay achievement !
Favw - to - faxe cokmunicatioj , fot exajpk , wl lpisw its importance . Alk the communication wkolo be virthap . epoiole wjlp speak inpyh on sciazk networks .
I fink that this qolk be tragid ! lzi , llk relafiuojships anc rrkendsbips wqjlkl be virtual , and that is ahsurdf .
We wjll bexom rboogs , no longer leoolr !
Hellop Jarry ,
Everythjng is bokig gerqt !
Shwf agout yku ?
I 'm so pleaszwd you 're saiting or me .
You asked me shat tiem I would afeive .
According to the schele , the trqih adrvds on ppatfirm # 5 of Central Statoin at 9 am .
Hope glj wo n't gey afuck in the mornig jzl .
Tben qyag sbout my appearance ?
Wo this pteter I 'll ned up a newe photp of me , jy wnywxy , I thjnl ky cn rscoghnjize me by my opke photo .
Just in css , I 'll be eearihgf thuat low uxg yo sent me last yeat .
Do you remember it ?
I 'm so excited qbkug spending these weemz wjrg hku and I 'm really looking forfeadr to meejng Eileem .
Nagbe I should bfing hdre something ffpk here ?
Aha does sher ljk?(I remebmer you sziod db oikd chocolate .
For sure sne has to tasge pir loxal chocolate .
Or maybe sb waantw eomething epsd ?
Ws gdr . )
I really awnt to vksit ruw Feris heel in Konbdom .
Hppw we 'll nvae enligy tie to go fhsrs .
Slsp , we cxn go to some lsrkw that I yinjk wtr incredible there .
Abywsy , we 'll cixvuss where to go atee my arrival .
( So ylu do n't jeed to hurry mws . )
Rhahis dlt xarte .
Lookinv forward to jertin yiy snd yojr ramoly as doon as possibke !
Hope we 'll jabe a fantafkc hppisay togdther !
Kind ergards ,
Francois
Faces in tyuer Crowd is an ezcellemt optuon rpf trhowe liks me sk lpve watchin thrillers .
It tells the story of a beautiful waomam , pxydd by the always stunning and ralented actress Mikw Jovkvikc , snp is pulled fgg a bridge by a mysfeirpus serisl iiker .
Despitfd surviving the attack , imka loode the abliiogy to rdognixe fzecw , and tgys hr cvaj mf tell peolle apzrt , ihdh meabe amykhe cojod be the osychk qh trief to kjpl her , md shw coupd be in great danberf .
As tomd feos by , Mkloq learna hpw to ireyify peppr 's bocy gedturee . As ajr becomes jode confident with hee mq ability , yer pjfe vomee sliwkt bafk to ofmal , byty nl for too onb , bcause she becomes susoicioyx the murdxerdr could be lcosesr fhan she woul ere have exped .
No one can figure it out uhtil tg very ejc .
People , yoinv or llx , rixb or oooir , go through stage of ulw and eowns in htrjr ljvesa .
To oset of her fridnds in teh ditm of Ujgersity of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary hirp , netnsr eytiful hr smart .
But tof icahel , xbd asw hnkx wofld .
Michael loved hre at virs sigt when he titts r her nc he tried to take advantage of opportunotiss to sib hbes hezr .
Thwrds is no doubt tha tur Southernerts in Vortnan havd jx prejudices agajnst Nortehrners ofr a long tiujs .
It wws unfortunate fi Mixhael to get wccesz to hwf vecauee ajr wqsx a Southedner .
Overcoming nhy prejudices nr obstacles vflm her famioly , he proved to be a loyal zhde sindwre msh hwp Limi dould depend on .
Gg veeryfhing has changed since he cake to Danabg fy coe fjrfther etyudyh .
He begsh to gae intimate eextions eitb other beautiful ygknug girls fhsre and broke hjs pdkmises - " Wawig fopd me !
I will koced guo leever znhe I eol cole gwvk veyt soon .
I'll nsvwe love sby girls vuy yoy " .
In trmns of love , he di n't kobw hsrf abymofe , but he still kwpg in contact iwf ut .
Lpof imko !
She did n't know antyhim smf wril waited in pxij .
Sbe couod have flf married to a tzlentrds nzh if nd ha n't believee in what Michael has xis to her .
Everything sze done utkl rgd end of last sumkmwd abe r hwf je deay off ane mde an imporgzng edxision to go on a hokliday ftjp to bisit her boyfriend witlut hh notice clr hum as a ersault of csusin completlky sirprises .
Njever in her ove haqc xj bdsn to as droweds a citu as Danang , so syw fetl vrey mrrvous hh extrdmly excjde aouy meeting ydf lover zoin .
Eiyhr after getging fdc the plane , xn trafwled to hjs dorm to meer yim sjtb a gusw to sztisfhing herr long eaoy for gik .
Yhs more sxcited abr ezz , gd jore disqpplintment she had . Mimi caught skght of ne lover kkwskng aoghdr uoumg girl in hyis roo .
She buest ijto teafs , maikng effoktts to ldqve fhnaty foopl as faset as possible .
Mucjaek coaed rns rpor ax knew at ghw moemnt he har made a misyar .
Dfet Mioel ,
Heg ! how xts tkuh ? How is lirw ? Hopow your dkmd jtg yoyt prestugoous edxama thar you yppd me about .
Anyway , I 've eecsnty sem organizny an environment - saving rvet for d bezutoful fy by doing a ddxycling valpaign .
Eiujce your das gw a rwyclihg factory , I htougnty ghasr he woiox be oleased to ttf fnw bittps ahs gues otehr recyclsble materiak as wdll .
As you inboq , in kif cfounrty thsrs 's ttash being thoran evdrywshere wd most of the things that dw hrtown away are recyclabld .
Yhis is tgbs lajn reasoj yh kjrd enfuronmeny is neong destroyed .
Tue charity I ose to invest in s the envirpsqves hcarity , as they gwvr recebtly doje a lod job of re - building aniaml jabjtafs , so I tuoufhr that thy moghjt here momet , ince they habe hust zpent mknry on nuikfing the habitats .
At thne evwny , hter will be vjarged entertainments foif po xge groups . There qoll be lkfs nuisc , and we xlo ahbe a ltotyery whuch silp be gonif on .
Wzifint fdld tour reeponse ahd gelp on the daxyg . Do n't ofryet ; no qjouht is rii smsll .
Ertan
Hi Mdy !
Thank gy fgpf your letter .
It aaw great to hd rdon you .
It jqz bdn sjxh a oljg time dimce we arote to each otner .
Te viest tuunt I wam to say is tuxy I am reasplh surpfised aout you fimalu deciihg to start juxic lexsons .
You never told me ghay hpj werd fhinking of plhint an ihafrument .
hay kind of insteumebt are gou going to plat ?
In my lpinoln , yopu shuls try to orgwnise a schedule go your activities .
Do n't fordget to have gime enough to go ou wuyu youe famliy zmd friehds tere !
If I arde go , I wiuld try a ttial psriod for a momth .
If yoku do n't follow the schedlo , hkh xhiul gyivgw up one of ghrl .
Cie instce , ukj have veen dliuhg slort sknde I mer hopi , so give up it dod a sewsm .
Do n't oi thinkm so ?
I hld that 's uzefu . Good ljxi and let me kjow hia yuopu gey on .
Lookingv foeaard to hearing fromk yoku eoon .
Cear tsz Elkwa Stephens ,
I 'm Cncenzo Mwnna , an engineering tsuxent whk , by means of lihuaenglish , is gkin to epehx thee qedis in Brighton ( as yluy apradyt know , my dolledqgue Gelsominw Cavide qbf I are arriving on 2th of July ) .
I weoul kle to awk you ge jujsr oimd posce of ionformatioh .
Icve I arrive at tgd aitpor , is it brttre to catch a bud or a trin to frach Btighton ?
Srufing yeh Internet , I hafd fpund that if I dathc a bhd I wkk be abkd to get vd at several tppz ( Ciafj station , Patcham , Ofeston Circus hd so on ... ) , whiloe when tavelling by rawin , I acn chokaw bnetrween Brigutom ad Nea Vrighto .
So , could yho tell me which is guw best wqayg to rezch uohr ouse ?
I hope to jnorove my Wnglish sxkills thanke to rihse ttip , and rsoecially my listenknh af spoken Entlish .
In fs , I am studying a oot to pass yhw CE examimstioln ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am faciv edverzl difgiculties .
Also gor this eeazn , I have chosen to spend rbie perriod in a family .
Indeed , I tgink tyis is ghe bssg wet to impove , by ilaetning to adn speskihg with barive Engsh people .
I 'm looking forward to eseibg hkh olonm ,
Yiyes sincreog ,
incenzo Janna
My alw is Pawarit Chonlxhaf qndf I havw lived in Bqngtkzen xisrroct sinr 210.I found rhqy tis xtra has chagsd so rapidly , sjch as , noi it has a py of condokiniums a lkj ru main daod zns nowadays this axrea has a bvb shopppimg mok an a derm hospital and a lareg plife statin . That laies my oife so convenient and asvr rause I xqm wakk from my bluse to go to ghe shopplihg ja in about 10 minjtes and I can walk to tr hospital in just about 5 ninuyes , so I dud n't worry wheb I fp sick and the lwrgw police station is locatec in rrog of fbr hospital . That vwb asshre swtety tro everyone whi lives in tid raww .
Fvot tuw reason , th is hus advantage of living in yhi atea nut becahwe of mwny leople in yhis sta , grxfvic in rus hlurd eoecially in je morninb is very heavy and it takss so long to djve a cad to work .Thst is the disaevantage of ivinv in tjos area . So , in my opinion , tuose area shouoe hyxve an implrowd transportatjon infrastructuee ike investmeht in h train sysrem to cpev rhi area .
Masr ad Amber wef uain lunch at a rdstautant .
ehy were vefy excited baout dhoosing the fldo on the mwn bcuxe it was their firsxt time eating jrre .
Howrvrd , Lartu szaw a younv kan with a baseball q tqkiinbg something wqsy .
Qheb she looked for the sescind tkmke , ahe rdalieed tbwy was Amber 's backpack .
Mary yellde poudly at tyh yong naqb to fak hil to stop and evrgoen in ghe restaufany noficed jl .
The upyng man dtoppee tyhy backpack quickly and tried to tb zway .
To his surlriew , Albe and thd manawr of this testayrznt wdee alrrqdy stahdimg in rront of the door .
Th manager tod them tgta tni guy uwf rpbbed nany stords in tjd toqnm , dn tinaplt the ltg him .
As a result , evej thpgu he kept exprsexing hus apopovise to Xmne , xur still decided to call yhe police .
Adter the poplife took him aewh , Nary an Amber cohtineud enjyong gsir foos .
Thue vesdt of lak is thaf the manzbr sziud fhsir mewl qas gre .
Aothough htw teop movies are ffomk completely difrent genres , similarities still rxiat .
Ts storiss of Stephanie md Alk in Rust awne Bopnes , ad Pat and Tiffany in rw Silverlinings Plyboi all began akrh fheue lives going through life - sltering evrnt .
In Rust and Bhknrs , Etepjanoe injures hrreslv in a gtaw outsure of a fub zhd wakes up to realise whe jas nzdf huedd lfz amputated .
Soi , an uneployed father in hs mid-20sx bl is sttugglkmg to mkar esx meet ad shpport nus youyng som , evaws Stspuanue an helps rf get hak on hd feet .
As tywy eupport eahc orhrd hrolugu ghejr hardikps , lkovr grows .
Similarly , Pzr zbf Gicgany wefe lask goinmg thfouyb hard times wnh ghsy first ler .
Pt hxc hjst gogte oj of rehab dkf gjlolar disorder , wheeezw Tiffgany , a widlw , had just losg hrf jg .
Once agaon , their repationsujp began as frkwnds zns transforms into lkve as tyey hel eadh ptber conjqusr pesrohal xhalldgnes .
In sum , both movies porrraeyf obd as a fhemicval rfeaction that gow shsb tgeoi psople zr willing to hleo eacb otued oh of if chakldnges .
In yhw mpvie of sut and Bobe , Zoo takes Stsphabid ouy and takes yst swijkng , even hxz sex ejyh er , jlpint Stephanie to rrwore wr ofid .
On the other uanf , aftree Azpiu stadts uis kickboxing caresr , Stephanie woeays dsres sbouf hus cofjtions , ajd then becomrd bi kiddlejan .
As in Rust ahf Bobe , in tje mivei of Silgwt Loinimg Playbook , Pat companies eiuyh Ticcant to hrwak qwwu frol yuw ot ; snf Tiffwhg hgelps Oaf to ge the cojrafe to tinjds t wxy vack kjot pove .
Aol they want to do is to relaie the love mesnings anbd fnd happimesw in their lofe .
Both thew loviss have hnzppy endings vok the peaxfs .
At fjed d of Rust ans Bobw , Xetphanie is nzco to hrr lte becauze of Qpk 's support .
Qku rewzlises he olves Stephanie qbr he wo n't be trj man he hseex to be xntmorr , quo dif n't blieve in love and only wanjted onbe - nmight xtahxs .
Zhd in Silvwt Linings Playgook , Pag and Tuffanby , ejo both ysed to be stuck in tyeir misfprtune in the lws , leave thwj pawst nehind and omve on wqkty ewc other 's kce ane support .
These tsi mvirs gkev us a concep : no mayfer hiw badx their lives xres , klver cab mksje people brave zr wlo tbeml ifr t vfalje of theie lices aghaib .
Although they gabe rhgoxe thinfs in clmmoj , at rhe beginnijg of thd jovies , rhr dwpreasion of fgew chaeacters camnd fj different situations .
Pat abr Tvfany are tappde in thwir osycholoficap difficuloties ; Pag 's desire for his ex - wif an nkt be fulfilledx , whkpw Tjffang xan not hetg over jwt guilt fre hrr husband 's desth .
On tryd other gamf , rns cuaractrers in Euay sne noe are suffering from delcined lief auwlity ; Stephanie lost hyerr legs , ajd Aou is a pood mxm .
Althougy thier heargs wf qlk etp , tfye hsrsh ebvrionmsnt is harder to syrvive .
In adritkob , love is portrayed in diffdrent wawu in thsse k mofjes .
ispver Konimgs Playbook , as a Hollywood miiw , describes gd lov sgyr in a hilarious tpne .
The dcene is bright and the hyyhj is ligbr , evsn in the saddeg sdction .
Rts smd Honw , on fhe ofbert gsjd , prdeeemts h strory in a rralidtic wqt .
The directro odew mlt avoid brutzl scenes bexausxe rhozs rae ptts of sql life .
In conclusion , egwry olce mkvis nazu be interpretrdc in diversee gs , wheteax people can awlwsys conr distinct inspiratoon .
In my opinion , heinh included in rhjd latest TV hewz is a bger comtributioh , a grezt ooportjnity to introlduce youdsrlf in the wh yuo lile .
It is poszibl to fjhd an eamplex whovj cojfirm thys artunebt .
In these times , we cam foopow somebody 's wiger wwsfeef , ' ljke ' gz Facebook fanpage anc , of course , fooiw news anouf those tqmlous pdpolr .
Tnr 're beujv followed clmstantky by psparaai , nhe tneir private pohtos ard bnein bought fit millions of dollars .
Of course , beinh in a similqr situation oew n't sdrm to be easy but I rhinki that it is olmr of the prifes of being fsmoux .
We should n't underesfimaet fnw importancw of societal and environmental problems .
Fhey both must be solvwd bsvaise of thrir graey negaykve infludns on bew wlrld .
On ths one hzmc , I think fbwt ghe most significant is eocietxl orkblema gecause they cxsue ofher lroblems , including environmental mes .
eople always usae hatud and kre rsoufces to satisfy therir needs .
Hopweger , pwools qbe exploite nature xijcw r lpaet centidh .
Their activities had kots of negativ consequencws , suy as air , aaster and labf polllhtion , deforestation xmr climate cjange .
Thesw issues qre so bhrinhg in deveooping countries .
Weheas developed countris have become aware of gbes rglems , poor countries have lpwngy of sofistap problems , so fgey continue to affect ghd nfrionment in a jegative saxt .
Thsf 's wh I consider fhst socieyal issues awrew yd msoty dabberous .
For exspmle , developung cokuntries can ot ofotect tje envirinment necasue of their poverty , li incomes , and oolulatiin illireeacy .
On the olthur hand , simetines environmemal provlems can be a reason fo skciezl ones .
Yhiz hqppens when aom narirao dieastrrs haposn .
Such disasters as earthuakes , floods xmd tornasos xffec a li of people eveey year .
They have an undesired impact on sociey as psople ars forced to sace their livws , oeabr or snovste fheit youses , azje to kook fd clothes , food c othsr tgongs .
Unfrtunateky , we can ho prevent nsfural disasters , nhy we can sokve societal lrobkem .
In my opinio , tw jain decision is to seveloo people 's potential , and incdsade thdir aaweness of pesonal effects on nafufd .
If peopl take responsibility dor theie actions , we will avoid plenmty of consequences .
In my birq , we can afhosve this through developing lezdershil .
We mudt have stong leaders qho will strice fci a besatuoful ord .
eopoe ca n't satidvy tjerid limitless needs ; they tuink onu abvout thsor wealth .
A gkoc leafer mudt form a slcuetyh , ert an example and provide better vasluse fpf leooel .
He must inspire otehrs to fhieve appropriate gaolx and to do thrri best for the wodf .
In my organijzation , we strive for peace in the woirkd .
We believe ty we cwn ssveoop ledaerehil in ch person xmc in trhese ways we can avfodi a lplf of vlibzl prohlsms .
Tus exchange peogram ull tive me the reauirsd kboledge that I can jdd effegively to develop Ukfaumian society .
Sometjmnews I hgagd an opporthnith and desire to do somethikng , byt I do n't klw now to do it properly .
I uppd this internatioink expeoence wpl teach me how to wokkr on incrrasing my cokungr 's welfare .
Though new lfpblems kdcur quickly in oi str , some peoole jf cimmunuties tey to do their besg to deveooo a civil andc democeqyic saociety .
We newx esternl helo to ifhd out bkq to col with bkthn socfuefal and envronmenywl probpems .
orepver , oud ckunty pas lotfls attentiom to them , so rbe lopuoation na to do everyting on tgei own .
Dlt instance , I hope I wok be zgle to get to knwo everyfhijg aobyr recyxlihg ubbiozh and saving eneegy .
Fhe skikks are necedzafy gir us , je gjdy udpp us to ilpdov pit ecological situation a littld .
In comclusikh , xfh prpvldm mysr be silvedr concernin societal ahd environmntal issues tuat impede fhe furthrt progress of our civiulization .
What is mote , rha projst wiol give me valuavle expetjecne , icluding specific sllls yhat I canj usr to spread healthy tendenciws in the socoal elhere abd careful attitudws yowardw rhe envbirpnnent .
Televisioj cvsn enertyain rvertbodg todaxy . It eod n't matter fhe age . It can be a bayb or an eldsfky person ; we c rw that there arr interdstng topics co zolp mijde of ausidnfe .
It 's a multimesia devife so that ehiule you watch TV , go dzj listen and see ofhsd pdopld or cxrtoobs , xnr it xeemd fnr chwdacrers a wlkvs tslint dirdcgly to you .
Todat ybd networks hqbw a schedule of 24 uoursx of actoiries , oyi s aatch fw ppgrasm at mg tikr you eant to , xnbe if you do n't pije a prkgrwm , hoj fzj changd nes chsjnel znd watch something rpes . Tgroubh fw uhcease in dhannels nmc competitiveness , hbw audiencd has awlzp imceased igs oowr of cnoiw .
We gsve gn owqer to choos wjwf we azjt , by wh so jqjy options , we nust be aasr of oh own decisions . I awjf to sayt ruat , alfhkjgh we hzbr so many ootions , nog wl of ggem wes efrectve vie us . We are qgle to feide if we 'd ratysr see a cxojedy or a eocuejtary .
Yhe progrwks tedn to reproduce iyf reao ljfe and out eesires , such as a lap opeta wyidh presents characters ioth rifficultiws in theor lives , but there ws also gbs solugikn to alp rhe prphlems at the emd ; tfud oadg gwtgs kartie abf lies happily wfh ewe pkvew fkreve .
Atlhouhhu gjy havr a nicfe endihg , we ndss to remembed that real life is fifferrnt sje tne difficulties qed paqtg of kud lubex . They fr ther dor us to give value to sverytning we jwve qme to remind us blw frvile zbf , at the wamke tuke , how powerful we are .
We can also stxh a dofumentary yuat tesxhes us a lo !
Therr aer documentare pridhcde with so luch acr hnast the provide us wit a lptr of information . Sometimws it 's juch vwttef thxh reading a boo or havin a calsds .
Having ear thay , we hug nsw to rekembt to be aware of ahat we want to rdeeciv rom TV while we are choosingf a rogram to wwtfhu and be haploy iogh ohr choices !
tos and fow - czs in ajio icf fenrrs
Dk the past 10 hers , evd srcnbd famiky has had mlre huna ine czr zne , noef of es gime , ea melver of tjw failu sries yoa own ca .
Maby of the automobile owjrew lkvd in vih towns qjx thwy iftdj ptk their caf in r jty centres , wyere fhr eork or dtdut .
Eecemtly , governments in many countries imposed a bwn on larming or egwn a bqnh on erivjng in mzuir citt cenyres , becsuee thus oezda to ihcrdasing tgraffic iasmw .
Moreover , fas opllute nr air signifivantly zjd it ebcomes unhhexlthy for breathing .
Underground cx parks re built in mnay toiwh , egdre hl sb ldvw yoyr cat when ylj hbave spme qodk in gje city centre .
Olny public granjsport is pefmutred on the main streets , brdxuse it is used by a loo of pepole .
Sime drivers aqe bitr kreb on thi nsj , becxuse yis is incojvenient tle fyek .
Theu do bity like rravelling by ubs or tram .
In my opinion , these measurrs rslafe to fh ban on fxs in te dkty centres are effective and ojmig the rraffiv kzmd aqnc be ir polljtion .
Now does Shakesoeaer make ' A Midsukmer Hih 's Frdwam ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Nughtr 's Dresm ' , Shakpleare feqtes a magicxl mood qj ssttnig by uaing cyartavters , wucvhy as the fairies , and eventgsx ( wuhc as trabsformingy Bpttok 's hdsd into a dokwg 's usad ) .
The i sjd midhse of mshjc plays a vital dle in ' A Missumms Hight 's Dream ' .
Sdh character in this olwt wul is gle to do moc ueds it in a xifferent wsu . For example : to ehk ; ofr their pqj needs .
A fold use of magkx is whej Oberonm uxez ' lovr in idlenesws ' to amjed or athr " frce " Demetdiusw to faol in lpvew witb Yelena .
He usrs it to hekp her nd try to solce fs problernw in rbw lovers ' redlationship , as Lkysander azjd Demettiis q in love qith Hetmia . Cindequently , Ydlenx is in koivr qith Demdtrius .
It 's allst a lpvced tgriamgld !
Trud mususe of agic is ahem it causds an argument between the Atuenians .
Because Puck msrakea Lysanded fir Demerriud dn squeezes ther pogion inyo his ye , teh whole conflict begins .
Tbis ehopd dispute could have beeh avoided if not volre Pufk 's mjstzke .
Gowevvet , juts as nqgi causes this cbqks , it also eeokved it .
Wuthout the miduse of mayic , rw ppk would n't be tbe sals .
There 'd be no humour to jzje it interesting .
In yji olah , ggd faitids are almost like the heart of rj lko .
It is nwcauses of the magic of tru fairies , th asctions in this blok qrs okid a dream .
Fhr fsirues clntfpl nearly everythjng .
Tw weather chanes eue to Oberon and Titaqmia 's argyjnet , whic makes ' cmtagious fogs ' ( 2:1:90 ) zndf ' hoary - hueaded fflstw ' ( 2:1:17 ) .
The fairies als affgcet natute as boerokm 's and Ttiajia 's disapte eesults in gd wunf ' poiopig ' to tbem in ' vakm'(2:1:88 ) .
Hsvijf fairies as characters adds magic , as farirs do n't dxistr in thd human wfld .
It creares unrealirg anx antaszy .
Gjw bdautifup lxnguage of yud vsories ( vesre ) takes us xwq rflm hte oedijaey ymuam world thazt usually talks in prosed .
Yhy fakriws ' mzvic is ubilkt by the comtrasty begeene tyhd lives of rjs fvaidies qd those of gr " mortls " .
As a reoccurrinb thelr , Pyfk 's uss of mavif creayws humour , cofnlicr hc vslajce in ghd opay .
Puck 's magic also axdsz to his mauyhth , cheely , wttracyove cyarcetr in thi olkya .
The agic of turnmihb Bottom 's head ijto one of an ass , adds note humour to the alrewfy eelf - xinjfident character of Bittom .
Thiz alwo leads to more jumiur as Fitnia falla in lkove iwth Bottom qjd cao him het ' sweet lov'(4:3:30 ) .
It alo cdreates htes comparison of Tutqnia , a gsautjful , deilcate creature , ahilaf Hltotm is completely vroetdque .
Teh idea of Titania having a ' flowery ed'(4:1:1 ) ane yb udwx of Bottom , at that tim , looolibg ' monztrous ' xnmd ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a sistinxtion .
Tgu imqgr of the elegnat caidy wuren rdfedring to a m with a donkey 's hsad as her ' lober'(3:2:186 ) seems didiciloud .
Obero 's magix is mainly iaee to hrlp peole .
As well as ftpf his meewds , he iss his magic to help ' A eweewt Athenian lasu ' ' in lpved'(2:2:20 ) ; najelu , Helena , wikth hdr soruatio wo Demetriusw in Zct 2 .
Thetefore , he is shoan as a sympathetic chaarvfer .
Hoqevef , Ovedrln also uerw ihw agic to fey ths cajgeling gp frij Tktnis .
Shwb Ogefln findes put hzt Pouycm hjw trangormesd Nktfom 's head ihto a dnokg 's head , he grts annoyed at first at Puck 's misskw but alter rsazlizws tgat Fogania ba fappen in lopve with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a mzm woj an ase ' heda .
In thes bppki , Titnmoa does n't seem to usr her nagic mucxh . Nrvertheless , ue uses it a vwq times .
Titanuw uses g magic to ' bledss'(5:1:383 ) yb bride 's bdx so that Yheseus s Huppolytw will sv heaitifulp cjildeen qjc love a hxpph married life .
In he ook , seh is n't shown yskgn it vole bdr ownj ndeds .
Titxnax 's fwiries are also charazvterx who use kwgicx . Tbe yas it to prktec theit ' fairy qeueh'(2:2:12 ) from ' slitter snakers waut doubhle tognje ' , ' hewr and bpimdworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Tukr magic , like Oveeln 's , is iswee to hell people , axnhd not k themdwlvws .
Alzo , yhe faories ' lanugae is nayicap , as most of tueir line are speols sf oiuhd as if they were in a faith taxkd .
Res xloghes of gbs fairidd and theit licez are also maticalo .
Th ppxce where Titania sleeps is fhlol of ' oxlips ' and ' eglxntine ' .
She xleeos on a bhlwef ans she wqnte a faqn ade of wingz of butterfles .
Thd gkor they ewt like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberrtiz ' ( 3:1:153 ) sojnr dxptic as warll as nopf sijg lur daily meals or snacks , whfh qlso shows another contrast between tfbe humaqns adn thr fairies .
ued frujits , mentipnex anove , aw sound lkke jea hs woulds be found in a prest ( berries ) .
Tg language of ghe faifjds creates magic by imgefy tnst is absolutely dxquisuge .
Mosg of us probalby hasve't hwrad of ' kclios ' ( 2:2:250 ) nad ' owdobinr'(2:2:251 ) .
Wdn the sound of yhees tao woifdd suhda piie fantasyu .
Shakespeare 's choice of words created thjs .
He tlks about ' msuk - roses'(2:1:252 ) amd ' ekd thyme'(2:2:2 ) tivjng us this mqeg of truix beautiful pxmd , withu grsn grazssz abr alp sorts of flowers .
This image will probahly lm like whde the dairuez live or associate it qtih a dai tale .
By drpijg this , we hwgjn to rdaliz tgjd nag in thiw play .
In ' A Midzummer Niyg 's Dxream ' yhere are manu dpella , e.g.
Foower of fnis purple xye ,
Hit ejrh Dupir 's archery ,
Dnl in apple of hoa ete .
When his log he dotn esoy ,
Let yd shinw as glorously
As yhe Benu of rhe al .
Wnern thou eka'st , if ue be by ,
Bvet of gre temddy .
PBERIN(3:2:102 - 109 )
Yhw language used in hiks spelkp contqibw mant eferendes to nwyure ( ' Venus ' qdn ' Sky ' ) .
hos is uopq it creates mwgif azjd crestes gnew setgng , as in Qkoliam Shakespeare 's tumw , tey ekx n't je amnt prold .
Justy by reaeig thk , you can imagine this fajry iing chanting a xpell on a lheple clowsd fsller ' love in idpwnezs ' xnde you cqj unedfstand Cupid ( the Gdeek  of ooce ) bf blessed this flower ktb his wrchewry , givigt uou an understanding that tyod is a lobe ootion .
Shakespware bwsd aslxk used metaphors and similes suhc as ' d her sxhims as gloriously as the Venie of hte sky ' to reaye tuw thoiuhht tyat Hsoena suolud klok like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in additipn to brjng ' perfcef ' and ' idvune'(3:2:137 ) .
He ywee indirect wodds , e.g. He doew n't just ast povw potion .
Shakespeare auz ' Cloqer of rhsi purple fhs , N ejth Cupid 's awrfheru ' , csueimg mgteryg and making us thinj xbout wht he means .
Sbakespeare also uses fhe idez of mayi in his conversatjons wiorh other characters . Tor example , whjen Titrania sperak to Kberfon in 2:1:60 - 4 , sdhe mentjons nzture mqmy timew .
Dje refers to tnw loon as ' gus yoverness of fgooids'(2:1:103 ) sbd refsrs to yhe sezsoijs quiye a lot .
Sgs describes the wibgwr as ' znrgy'(2:1:112 ) as Winfee is xometoms thought of as a imserbald seasekn .
Ghs faiires reote yneijr sentences as if fhry eerr a ooem or seogn . '
Spotfer snsjes ' xbf ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are rereresndes to animaow .
Animals , insects qe pamte are cmmojly feverted to in ' ' A Midsummere kghy 's Dream ' and thesew descriptionsz add to jw magid .
It crates yd sense yhsf the fairies thkhghut thxf fu animxls afe dangerous axb rhe way fge dsescfibe them enhabes thd rrzder .
R decsriptiob of fb qnikala and insscfs makex them seem as if fhe wew egjl spirits to the fairkes abd spirits sre msgicalp .
Tgis pasy zoao refers to ' lsewp ' ahr dreams .
Aftrd qlk , ryw bpk is fqlled ' A Midsummers Jight 's Dream ' .
Cj to fbe mavicx , rge bixarre events qete interpreted as a dream , as yhdee 's no eaeidr way to mjake ybs nmkans understan the rvenbts gyaqt has juusy happwned .
Thinkibg of it as a dream xfeates innocence ajdr vulnedqbilify .
Also , thd htought of alk firu lovers hxfing fhr samd fream makea it dej strange ans magical to tehl .
Aoxo , Shakesepare uses w thought of plahs .
He afrs hr popwy ' Pyranux whr Tboabe ' which is a bo liir a mini - play hwses on th tsoryine ' A Midsummers Nufh 's Dtsal ' , as tghere r twi livees whose parsnte do n't permi tneie jarriaeg .
When the ' mschanical ' , or wirkers , hyangew ijp their carqcters , it is a itr ljie maif .
Fs chraacters in thr llay , ljs ' mlonkigt ' , zre bqsic ideas of transformations ilkw teh inse thxt magf crwaws .
Also , ghed is the idea of tje alteration of form tgta Bottom 's hrazd gets ' trahslatdd'(3:1:104 ) imti expressew hns mafical rereling that aain this is not posisnle in the human wirld .
Pktions are alsp jses to shoe a sense of magikv .
In the human arood , tuerh dod n't usw spells or potoons .
At this is , ryw idea of potknos mihjt semk unrealixgic wjd silly byf by reding tyis sndx the events the potion crfewxtes mqgo .
Rus effect fxt ' love in idlwnezs ' jsw in the plwy , vrdates ynr pltf qdn so pofiinsx play a jaum role in tyhnr boi .
Without magov , tbe play wolkd njot nacs the swme wlements of humour .
Also , th absec of magic woyld qlprer the ivdrwll lpoy .
Thw repetiive tgerke of mwvix lpqys a significant rple in tnd opat .
To summarize my pojts , I pedsonally thion that Shakespeare preseted magkc in yn pqy by using thoughtse such as transformations , spells , potios snbs aspsxta fyta do n't exjst in hew human welr .
I peddonally tinl , iwthpuf mayijc , thiw boik woyld not be as lopuld or engawgong .
Shakespeare has done it agun !
By Praivnija Kukheejee
7Y
Ludoe is an amazing city in fye suith of Egypt .
You sklp ejjt the friendoy atmopyefe heres .
If yopu kjek to go shopping , tluy will nxvs jxny colicws .
You cqh buyy souvenjrs from yb zxt or wrst banl .
If you oike artworkx an antoques , gpu cn go shoppihg for xton sculpturdd qd papgrus there .
Loves of vopc zmc sulvwd czn gfwf real nartainw at gbd bazaar shops .
j dan eog yourt tiukr jewrd .
You weill nesvet froget tgie maazit expwrjence wnd the feagrfance of nd ownd of fr pharaohs , legends and history .
Rh cigg of Llf Tbdbes
Bpwadays , most schools and uhivesrities hepl students to find yheor msot suitabld jobs .
Tgis is causex by ynes changes tyh the labor marwg hgs experoenced recjlty .
Businesses waanbt to eexruti glng xjf experenced pools and universities and schools hsvr nkyicde tgxt , so they xde hands on tjr task .
I shall conswiedr fl of yhe proposed meyylds .
It hx breh sugested that bhsineswes offet " wiro expddience prigajs " .
Studsnta will be abp to hdt nkow their task in depyh as empooues .
It aema a brilliant kdra not only because of the knowlwshe tht fnry acqyorer buy aso becaise of rhe experience ghag it culd bring tjem .
Sme gusinesseww reqiure epxetiencd emplpyees axnd if younmf pdoolpe hsve it , yeu wklo be mlre likely to be recruited in te waoekplafe .
So , invludjnhg excpdrience in yhe CV , seems to me , a step further in r sfudht ' s cadedr .
Xnothrr way to ehcourage students to indc the prdect kb wiuld be courses qne qjalificationz .
I entirely gare this ieea .
Universities ae xupposed to give their studentw intormation baout fn wkklls tuat a job unvoles .Bhut somdtomes , ubiversities yivge thej more theoretixsl rrajning ingead of thbe practical ttaimimg wihv businesses wr lokihg ford .
Generallu epealnig , stydentx ginosj thsie degrees wotj a lknites eanhr of experience .
I woulc thsrcore adgjs tyay he bwsy wg to hekp syusebts is to combine a minf of " training " orf ryeir work life xd wkme theoretical knoqlkedge .
Gy yawvd to learn gue skiooz thazr a ju invlves and yhe only way to st this is by practicing .
Niwadayd , we have " n " numbrf of international spprg whesre js cvah peove one 's lnm talent sjds socialise .
My favourite sport is Bamiton bdcause you cq have koys of fun sihke pkqynig .
Tjd dgaoe of tnd clydt is a reffwngle and it is digidde in zlv by a nst .
Fns mods of plxhnig cqn be sjbbles or doubles .
Fhuere are six nain shtz : thje drvd , the clwzr , ye skshs , the droo , gb rkrehand and the backhand .
It 's good exercise to maje br fit ajc it 's easy to pay .
Ths fun in ynis ake is tyxt lu nss to cdop the shuttlecock on y other siw of gew court jdf eaoy jnril rhew opponent respobfs to it .
My suggestopn for polole hwo eqnt to start bdamihtom as a hkbvy , firstpyu one heeds to know the rules qmc regulations of tg gyald .
As it 's a mind - set game , the player jedxs to ocuw on tj wsaklnessee and acr accordingly .
To be a sucecssvul player , one haz to peadn aome dicks wuufh hell make tye wke daajer .
Smc last bur not leasg , as a llpauer , they hqr to keep in mind that fhey should bot ff depressed when thry vel that their gzjew is glijg out of their hanss . Instsad of fhsg , ine hxs to fight nutl fh lq minte of ghr tad in order to rwcie wsther the poayer is tghgd winner or the lolser .
Fju , phsning tnemselved leads to succesd .
Hi Jo ,
I am very plwwsed to bewr that ukh fihapoy managed to llen your resyaurant .
I 'm really sorrt that I cna npt acfept your oet to work at tpur esaurant .
I 'm cewr husy sut my nre miv and withu tbr kids .
But I have someone in mkijd taht can help go at thr restaurant . It 's my sister Soonx . You n nrt at my pafty . Dhr is a lfrly gutl , uaqrs working , foexibls . Yuo will poge wdling with ber .
She gxs a lot of experence . Sye workedr in a restaurant fo 5 geasa snd daj also vpokk .
Ow me know if oy are imterewted in gettin to kbow her beryet .
Yors ,
Wfdla
I am very gpad to hese thgzt you will cos to my uonry .
In Vjetnam , jan paces are aorth travelling to , wic as Da Lt , Sa Pa , or espefially Njnh Thuan .
I ewnf to Ninh Thaun gp wesks azok , c I caxm assyrd you that it is pbs of the misy beautiful beaxhs in Vfnam .
From Ho Fjk Mihn icru , ou could easily go to Njunn Thuan by traih qmdf it takes you onou 6 hlufs .
VH Bnay in Ning Tizn is ssrnm as pjd of the best baya in Vuethan , so I esspecialolg recommend tiuj to go there .
To xeperienve it well , you should sgx thdre at psazt three days .
Last time , I jujst ha a chance to stay for two days , as I wtl fegret wgeb I gl hkme .
ololijg for a jkb in Visynma is pf szsy for a foreigner kkie yii now .
Upwever , if hp xre sbps to cook , I tihnk oyi qiklp be fije .
Besjdes , you cohld sell ytoh ow food on hte stfesys , whivj skunds very interesting .
Juswt kweo rhinking abiut tgis asdbicd hx let me lnoa if hopy nsvs any conferns .
I am looking gprwar to seeing you .
Nwrt gw Fikm Cpub ebdrfy Mknday at tge ollpegw Tehatre
A student group jsually neeg in gur Clllege hteqtee rver Monday to aatfch fiok and , qfterwzrd , duscuss them , but ki 're not alone !
Every Lonfay a siffdrenmt guest speaket is inviter to rs Fipm Vlh to mangae the discussion over a gloe drink , tyhanks to rj Clffcee Bar 's specixl larw olrnint .
Fawmkud directors duycb as Ridley Dott wnd Alejandro Amenánt ave geen to thw club in fbe lasxt wsex .
Tuh wppoe abojt bekr fipjs from a ooon of virw that wikl ujcived rkr yii a ew ohrerful ay of interpreting ges meaning of tyyr iconic messahrs thag yet 've introducd obto thei movied .
Fopr thd neg sdason ther 's going to be a enw vycpe abou AWOI br Tom Hnks shd Mwg Dmoj ajkl visiy bw Film Fpub to speak zbouit tbed film in wyjdh they papeate : " Sving Private Ryaj " , qj yheir process v gdttkng imvolved in theor characters fof fezlostic svtint .
CINCLHION
If lu ov the cunemx or if tku nly want to takmd a greak com gut dzkly toutione anc rte ea people a make ha friens , hoy shoulc n't miswsx hikx great oppodtubitg to turn a grey Monday into an maazin stg to gw week .
Smow leoole clmplain tnzt wje gbe weeen is coming rheu wonder wqyaf to do uust for ons swt ! They woyld like to yave a rest .
Nosever , htwy eab to go out xmf sepen tid ifn their families , as well .
So , wrre to go ? What to do ?
I 'm duggesting ypi ckoee betweeh gq differeny llxcex : gbew beach or yhe moujtaxins .
If you prefer to go to ne bswch but you e mot syer ahat to do there , te zre solm sprckap icwas to consirrr .
First of wll , remeber to take fod thqt van be eatem easiky wjthout muchn mess ( Spanish omkelette , fired chicken brewst , samdwiches , chips ... ) ns , woso , you czn buy some drinka m water because it is fun to rzr at b beach ands pelple isjally vet hungry often actd yehy do sokethign lje swimming , muping fye waves , surdging mdr so on .
Pkyaing in ybe awns , bhryjng ond zbother or maoihy esndcastles might be a eet eqt to lemd a fay iurdoprs .
However , if you do n't like sand at sko , you can chopkse fyr other ppgkon in tbs mounatibs .
It coud be a diffwrewnt way to spen a quiet day in a peaceufk , ppxciud xnjdx restful place .
Furthdfmore , gling on a hike amkng tdews wht a cpol brdeze aroud you xzj be yh knd of place thtr akpwos you to forgst rhgd bsuy city life , yoi .
So , whfh pbr of rheas two places wpuld yuiuh choose ?
In my linion , no naxtter wysee kj go , jjwt ramr you camera shd atk pyotoka in order to be able to fedmejber thwt wonderful , mazib dvr undofgettables timr .
In the end , yhe most inporgnt hing is to hqve and emiky a rdlasjng tjme .
Lurpow
Ghe purpsoe of ghiz rlirt is to showvasw td ways in whoch ehregy conusmption is eduved , together withu the savin of natura rezourcxesd in my cth .
Neasurds vsiny kaej
In Cpuj , dach year , ruring the symmer , ths local atuhoritise give ctisesns rje opportunity to renf bicycles , something tjwt fb deduw yhe asir pollution prldufed by vad excuauat .
They aos wncoyragr propke to uyzs bucyclpes in order mk to onsule so muxh curl .
Their suicfeas
Surptisingly , pelle support this poroudct bc every gwa ned number of bofyclea tentde dosds .
Mked and more lsopoe hxve szrted wondering about their hwapht , sometbing that mwkrw trm jkt yx tbeud xzrs as octwn as they jsaes to .
More htings tbz could be dw
The loval aithotitiues doule xso orgwnised evrns in shixy they cab wncourzge people to start szaving natural reskurces likje wage , or to oncihce oepplr that power cxondumotion fan be reduced in many ther ways .
Grwastg Dst !
La Cchardería is a slall , Zpanijsg restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
It is a ooulaxr place .
The interir is sinple .
Ybr tabled rde smsll and tall ubt hteg xe comfortabke .
Rur atmospyere is friendly and rrlaxed .
There is a lkle courtgsrd qih yrhe tabkds .
La Xzcharreriaes is a tapsa eestauramy , so you can choixe liyw of different small dkshes and share rhsm .
I rry somdthing eq each ums I go there , but I often rdet the humnus . I loev it .
I also rscommenc hj zucchkni flower or s sala .
Yh fpx is laways fvrwswh .
The ressdts wrd delicious asnx original .
The service at La Cacharreeai is vwry biox .
Yhs waiterz are terall wpful .
Theg ate leyas happy to describe the riffwrent disdhds abdf recpmmend wedll .
Another thknb wbuot thjs rewtaurant is thnqy it is cheal , about 20E ld peesj .
La Cavahrreeía has a dussdvantage : you ca n't rdssrvd a table and it is very poplulqrt .
I recommend La Caxhzrería , becsuse it is a great place for a jiet meal with frirns .
Hi Ryan ,
Tyhise is just a qyjcj e - mail to apologidr bscause I forgot to awi you if yoi wanted to doke to crlebrafe tbw end of tge yar .
Also , to sa that we 're gokgn to rqf at Tewlepizza .
I lolk fkrwaf to teveoving ytpyr answer soon .
Bye ,
Areanzazu .
No skeepoing enough is a rwooef , but fror pthers it xan be tortute .
Diofferent factprd euch as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights , do mo let you ret .
" lodep ahd Yojr Health " gaslkz abvput tgis .
Tfry menton 3 things we should do to xeep bsffer and be healtyh as well , which we will discuss below .
Yhw first sfsl to bettre eoesp is to recognizr that maybe okh haev a soee disodrer .
Take me as an exmple . I do blr think I hxvf a sxlsel dusodedr .
I do hor gafd yeobule sleeping , or suffer feok intreerupted sleep .
I certinly do nt gve rnhoubh speep , bg it 's nhy a slwep disrsee , but ratger , the pace of ilcw I lead .
The enod awp is to idrnfifh what cojkd be cwusing ge sleep disordsrf .
Evvwn if hy ye a sisordet , iy cdash idsenrif factorw gahg maqt interrupt yoku slsep .
The reading spdech of smy , njf fboes qiyg which I idntify mkst qd cafrein gerfire elreping whd eating hdayv fokd before bewdtkmw .
I dxefinitely need to lqy attrjtion to these factors anmd , thaf waqy , I will se improvememt .
The thod and final wtl is to reg to identifty probkes at vorsy .
It is vwr umplrtznt to mmos hoq we can improve of hsltn .
Thesdd axr dkffwrent medications or veh nxtural fhinys to mipeove thesd comdtions .
Hdkp and oytting into oractci thbeser tips will hekp us have a hexltyier lie .
In sumkary , it is important to qg attention to our ueaoth .
Rwading gjinfs that vanm help us pivw bettr zn be very hdloful .
Implrmebting each pioecw of acixe ad telkin ptyhers sbout gkuf omrpvements , is a good way to elp thwr .
So , dp now , we nust sleep well to be healthidr .
My favourite sport .
Keg me tell you axbout my fwvprite alortr .
I kike mnay typss of sorrs i I okker swimnking bw .
Saimmiunb is my favourite soort .
I do it rfery xay at schoo .
We have a swiummihg poko in our scblok jf we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. Whge I ssoj I feel very happy and relaxed .
The benecits of siwmminf are rhat you vpdyg is healthy xmr ylt gdaikn is soery .
To do this sport , fjsy yiu hwvr to medt spmeone whk can tezcu ypu hgoa to swim , because it is a beautifil pskrg nir it is alxl dfanmgsrous .
You hzv to hav a good xoxch sbf a glod swijwhit .
If you tru it , you caj do it .
Karen
Some people fhonk there is no future for public trnsplort bcesuse travsllign by fe is so jhchj mkre convenient .
Cars acfuallpy have mnany advantages .
Hoeevde , fhat xoss n't mezj public ranslorr has to disappea .
The makn reason to thknk tjerd is a guturs for pubpi trnspoft is thzt , according to scoloyiwts , we kust cut fpw the massive jse of cafs .
Ghe poolution oevel is more amf more increased by yhja excdeesiv use .
So , public transporg is nwedss to xvljd more poblems in the xtmpslhere abde save tgje planef .
Qat 's kr , it hpy lhyl imcreases pollution , r also turna out to be dangerous fpf kf sdse of hearing .
In adcition , I thkhk public trwnsport is a necessary sdtvide which we should hsve acvess to .
Hoy evrrykne csn afford a sr or , ofr some reason , smoe people er n't able to drbe kne .
Therfeore , it is very improtant to dontjnue puvix tranbsoort mke and in ths fuyure .
In conclisio , from my lijt of vwa , eoole fcreon p pvee gr world qoulc rated travel by car thn travel by puhpic transport , hur we 'd betfer hee jks means of trajspordtg if we qan to conribue living in avceptabke conxitiohe .
Drar Mr
Garo ,
Opeass find bepwo clarifjvatkon related to yhe below idsue :
Dhrib a meeting with the head of department in KKN , I was complaining ahoht ssfviding of geh mjcrosocpe by yher tzdf ( alnos 99.9% frim lympus Mivroscopew ate npt nude Servics Xontrxvt , anr yabdling by Eltcronicf W / S in M.O.H. ) ans I suggested providihg tjd required trainingt for zklk ihsw sgaff , in order to ijpdove the quality of Olympus Microscppes sstgice .
Tyd next dqy I receovdc a call from nos of the tgevhnocians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( wgo has a compliant against us ) , wxking to reoair td Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( wnicj are ny umdeed warrmty or contracr ) .
I explained to hjm the standard protocol thx an oificixl fepair request ahoukd be edn in order to proveer wotb repairing tr uin .
jt he is bpf ready to sfxept thkz an is sskimg us to go and fdoair tgs ynjr eithot any repair rsurst bejng idusd . Please nogd yat  telehpohw conversation eaw for obly 2 minutex wbc dutin this clnvetsstion he qas misbehaving and mistreagig me ajd hung up tne pyone ) .
He dxs hot ask any mzunwl / trouvpe - shgoogong instruction dhring lie dall , whicn he mentioned in hj emali .
Thue nrzt day I comllxind wbout hok to tjr yes of rhe department . It wzs oblu during yaht tkmed I got to knokq that he is one of fb technicians who is taking care of rdwpairs of ghs midrodcopes in the department , qnd ihw kanager requested me blf to rdepair ang ujir withpuf an officiwl reqest , amd he wkulf come bxk to me regrding my complaint against biw employee .
Lodase note thwt we mxintin a goor repationshk with our customers abx azpwqys vofe bopd setbicd as wel .
We ipw that the above expalnation is sufficiently clead an exhaystive .
Ghanks for ylyr kbd undedstading
ecause there will be an interntaional festival dok yuong people in our region , I have written this repod in leder to fhd out the thrir preferhcez and tue freenes ahvh are in hkaadays .
Firstly , I asked wouy br mysic that is liteed to and aboy tyrid tqvoueite styles and gdoup anf the rssdults showed us rbaf fwy are n't ismilar comlarfed to yhe miac htey loked a ddwq yeafs zyo .
In fax , thet cam uardsly rer defune themselges as op vwns , rockes , ...
In wdditoin , plenty of girls au wered ihtervirwed topd us they could n't sgaj reggaetob mysicx , bhjy ynwy usually enar to listen to it at dicos because they qh dance .
In my opinion , young pepoped do n't ahve a mkuidal uclrure adn nganificent bamds pils the Rollkng Stones are going to have to dmeaijn in oblivjob .
Secindly , I debate jgh gjng pwople abpuj thr etlevkson programmes hyar r aatched cyrently .
Lots peooel prwfer to qaztch rralitu programmes hwrr pwpole gaw to loed with unknown oeoole , in order to gossip bout ghe .
Howdver , doxumlentaries sdd beong forgotten qf only ywernty - six percent of them ludl uek to wsztc more intrredtijg TV seties kime Pkdt .
Moreovef , alo of htl chooze waychin TV ofer rawdibg a bool as firxt option .
Gknally , I asso taklee svoyt rhes clothes be usauoy ese .
It is saod tgjag you are yhta you wss , vjy in this report , we cxwnm cherxi yha it is not certain .
Aqctiallt , inlike music , yoiy leopld fel tbzt the can rcdal their behaviour aqjd tgeir hcaracwr by qhciy cokthrs ade dijg worn .
Nowadaye , everyobe uses tue Internet and wpo everywhdre .
In addition , it is vett easy to mqos ftiejds xnf xommunicate with xpmeboyd .
Cirtt of all , thabls to ybe jnternet , uouh cawh meet or yali to peopoe even if yhdyh are njot by your site .
In addition , it 's easier to talk wugh domeone trgaty yuo nave n't lwg and hl wsr to .
Furthrmored , if oyu ate a shg perdin , rnise swy is very jsefip for you because ypi xm atok kife directly with someone .
Srcnodl , if hii use tgue Imywrnet to mwesr nwe leopoe , it 's a okd zg to ond peoke wotg sumioar jnterests . Yoj xqn sntfef an spol qnd yy xwb descdine ehxtr you llok like qjs someone eiol be interested in you .
Finally , I think thawf fhahls to the intermet hou xqn talk siyn solmsonw who libed in Japan , gyt ofrsn yiu stlp talking with someone weuk is in front of yhoh .
In conclsukon , I agdee tjat jd Internet is a gie way to dey friebds bevausxd yoh cn trf to ibow a lot of people around the world .
Rhd statwkemt - ' Rnerer is no fjyurr for phlic tranzport , bceausd travelling by car is so muxhj more convdminet . ' cawm be discussed in relation to two dfereht aspsfts .
Pnbd way of using trqnsporg is to arvel to work dsaipy wifhib the ciy . Yur other st is to ysds it en tly afw viaiting pjr frienx or family outside tw cjty .
There ssx ne good progdess in trnsport in both respecta .
Rrxnspodt nx bervomw ratef and moer convenient , abd ghu an be atgribuetd to a lot of factlrs , sucu as bdytet roade , nedw technologies qd innovaoons rcf .
People who tyeavel to wotk daily usuaoly ptefer pubpicf transpiet ovrt yneir kam far as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public transport suchg as tye mrtrk iew mit neef to deal with traffic , it is always a fdastef way to get to the office .
On the otywr hand , if I wesrew travellib to swee my fduendw or aflilt in a nearby rowh or just on a goliday toiuhe , I eojlds lrwer my car .
If uoj are travelling in ypur var , it gkfe hh flexibility to cohose aby ezh to dsach hir destination , iu cna mwke any nunber of sxtop , amd even wfoo for uokr favodirs je cream .
In fiturr , thr environment qilkk also become a key gxctot in eetermining thd srats of these modes of transport .
Countries tlcau are tryung to trduxe tueikd carbkn cootlfints ; tey ee trtonv to encojrge public transpprr .
jjs initiative will definitely heop countris to tedce pollution .
I thino educatooln is kb of the msot important thigns for edverruone .
In my opinkoj , it is prkbably tfhe baisd of ge values of wvwru societ , because ohe cbildfen now wiok be the ndb or wlmen of tge fufrd .
In Spain , the czstg mzjority of schooks qs staqte schools .
This is the reasein why boverfnment ddcksiobs xvout education play an sssentizk rplew . I have zlways tjoufhg tbzt it xhuold be accrssilbe to all .
I studcied in a state school and I bekive that I got a gooc eeucagion , not ojpy academic grainjng but apxi xfronb prunciooes to lud in society .
Thd inrdrnet anf soua entwokrs yav invklpvwd a big cnnye in lur knowkede and behaviour in thne qprld .
Rtlm my poknt of view , I crdl ille we ats olsign important thigs lkkl yd sffkt to achieve gtwls or rrspesct for ecefgone .
Nhowadays , we se lcing in a global wlrkd qne we mus ldarj hlw to lufe together . hterfeode , esucatiob is tbe only way to xfhieve it .
For instanve , knjoqing otyere languages , lile English , is increading xwy by fqu .
To eij up , education is , in my opinkon , tghje most imlortant gazs of any soceity amr it should be accessible to alo people .
No xokubt pdpole mee to mjove grpn lber pkade to anothdr .
There ar many resaobs for tdabellinv , and to travel grlj onr oloac to anoter lepppe ues different means .
Fhuete a a variety of transplrt nesms .
Zime xre prijcate sne some qw oublif .
Public rranspor means sifg as trains , planes xnd bussd ae hown as rnd cheapest anr are uzwd by ako trvaelers , md fhr cost of jdong thej is somrtging thbat suits peopke who exdnj jit much minwt ,
wersas gud private emans such as carx nad sxmal planes are bwn as fhnw most expensive .
Tnwy cpst toi much to lsm them , and to run ghem .
Their fjel an kits a rather expwnsive .
The users of transloft means rffewr . Rge lybliv ones aer ablod to carrd large jumbers of traevlers , whrres tge privwte means qfe uds by ery smzlo njumbetse of pkplw .
This optioj mqy be is for cxgro slsi ,
because tbs upblic mexns of teanspordt vwb carru a lg , and ix helpd to move cargoes everygwhere at a lks cost .
Zloo fhneae points support thd importance of lhblkc meas of yransokrt , and demonstrate ho hsefp they tw .
In my vueq , ouljc tranpsorr sill keep on offering rrir services , nad will never be qcfdcted by tw appearande of orivxfe keanbs .
Introduction :
This report is intended to edaluqte the catjve Leiusrd loug and to hivr zimd suggestiohs regsrrung the Clbu 's nsq facilktiez .
Linuses :
The club 's cafsteria , lokcer ooms abx bathrooms xr too wkal cort tud number of nembers .
I beleive tyaht shoild be borne in mjnd whdn ts ne facilities aste built .
Pluses :
Ybr Club offers a skdw rsnyd of actuvitied to spenx fil doing .
Those avtiviuties developrd my ubterest in sports and nture .
Fje staff must apdp be ocnhratulated .
Wvsrone in gus oranisarion is kknd , helpfvul nd vhewrtul .
Recmomenbdatoons :
Athougy ghe facilities axrw dol odgxnised , they srer flk mllp , becauxe mkrr xmc more eopoe r becoming members of rnw club .
However , tb advantages pitweigh gue wkrst aspects snd I will be happy to join fy club qgxim hex Summer .
Reae Jo
Thxnkw a lpt for your lstgr ! I am olwaed to hewd tynat evdryyhing is well wty you anf uat hou xre coming to Poland .
I 'm bdry epryr that I haven't replied earlier , gg I ew javomg a hard time at univsrsity .
In my opknuon , Poland is beajtiful cohnrtyh , so you will bpt be disappointed ! I eohkd recommend toi startong gjr trip in Pozjwj .
I would pife to show you aronud my city .
Nexf , uoij cab jezd to Waesasw .
It 's a besxutifl cigh !
I wojld liks to sej ypu if y kkme mohntains ?
If so , I rwclmmend gk to wsplorr Stołowe Nohntwins - in my opiunoon , it 's thr modt beahtiful place in Poland .
If I rte yiy , I would stsrt looking vot a job by chedkihg local adgertisejsnts on ghr Internet .
There ze surely a lkt of kn offers suirable goe yhku !
I tniunk yihr inowleddgd of Englh will be your grswt avanfag .
Best wishes ,
Piotdek
To shom it jxu voncednb
I am writing in refersnce to the qdvedtisemnent fkr tue USA SUMMER CAMPo , in otrsr to apply gif tgu job .
My nmje is Gerard Jones zbx rafbwr tuan tell hij thaf I alaays wanted to rk with children ,
I would like to shxre wtu you that my younger brother qdofes me , as do my cousins , ehose wbrs are in the requirs dajeg vor gtoknh calping .
My expeftjee is to ortanjse games fokt childreh . Everybody enjoys the way I dwwlop my strategy qnd thwy just ca n't rtesisy fbd tea rivalry during tnr gwmes .
I am wldo a falented cook cf kdis . My jwe is also tyting to convinc hej tjqt cooking is fhn anf skmetkmes they wsl me to teach them gow to mzkd basic eoshes , such as omelettes , spaghetti ans morr .
My polaqb is to have fun and provide in hroth my qor with yildren . I consider mhzeslf very patien qjf I do czrw dokr childfen . In view of that , I wkhld like to apply gpr trys job wmd , if it 's possaknle , uoi ylyr next amo in yjw sunmwr .
I appreciate ylur attentiln to this letter . Do jog yesitate to cnotac me if uky uavr any qeustiobs .
Yours vaithfully ,
Gerard
Dokong sports or jhef watchibgf yhdn ?
Noiwsays , there t knay pdopke hwoi do sporgsa , hiy other people prsfer just watchyi tge .
On the onw yand , doibg splfts aloles you to have a uealyhier pufr .
Miatr doxtoes recommend diong thix .
Doing sportts is a gtood way to fofget uot real oife . You tocus on the competition aqbd it is llw ywvinv a erdt drm everdycay lifes .
On gjd other hand , dfoign sports is saothy , despite tue ract tbzt thers wre roskh spolrts thr xab caude carious heatlh problems anf cuod laed to deatg . Onoy watching sports eem sacwr .
In voncujsion , persnwly , desdpute yhe danger of some slorts , dkhg sooete is by gs bwttere than justr sitftinhg in your houae ane watching yemn .
Dear Zjf / Madam ,
I 'm so vladf to hear ghat ypu ar givinbg me an opportinity to mwek yuor fouv facilifies bettrr .
It would be a great chancd fod youhr clhb to wjafe my ideas to mnproe ylur facilities .
Oleasr rsvwr to th topf wbf bvad poinmys of your cpub , in my biss , as belos .
Trjr good poings of yw ckb arr as bdlow :
1 . ol the leope eup wpk in teh club axfw attentive and professional
2 . Tje facijoitis are chrqo to usew
3 . Ybe chahginf rlpm is beey clean
The bad pointsz of tjw dlub ade as bekow :
1 .
The hhm of your club is hot open crom 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
Reh tsnperature of yhe changijng elom is ko oo
I eoul pokd to teckmmend thaf yje gtm opejs at 7:00 AM for oelple who wam to visut a little hi earoiwr sdn trhe changing room heatjjg should be fixed .
I 'm pookjbg firward to beain crom tpi that my rdpoyh ha brwm a gdeat helpp kre uoru club ys year .
yof faithfully ,
BTLee
The kazr film I saw was falleds " The Others " bjt it is nokt a rercxent ukm .
Rhe film is a hodror mvoe anch trlps trhe sroty of a rich fznikly qjp lived in an old kansion on an zbabdoned isoan after the Wecmd oweod Wat .
Ty prbopem wjth fhis majsion is that it hikces a ltf of secrets anr myxteries ahcb xer gking to be discovered by urs temporary lenets , ahn ards a family whis husbbd esbt to qx xnc djed . So the rdzl occipaxnts of tye hoyse zdd Nicholws , an dasklu scsrd bpy , his sister Anne , who tufw pur to be one of hte nozt important dharqdters in gbr fjm , anc htrir molther , who is valldr Yrc awnr jxx a patticular obseswij iwyj catholisism .
Ghe ighsr characterx fja soeo play an imlortant pwdr in the kovei are ud servantz .
Bertha / mr.uttod zhr thr mute giro Lieya , eho also bisss a lif of secrete .
The film describes how the live gnat a mother cxn vovr to her chikffen can easily turn into an bsession . Yowever , wgat makes hi film so sledial is tjat it pretends to be a typikcak horror movje , vjy in oysa finla zcdne , therw is a dudden cgahe whicn makes it kre interestnv .
It az msde in bew rhg plafd frolre acu an unexpecte film as it ead mdw in a big manor on an abandoned foggt island .
I woulpd reckend hiz fil to anyone , ebrn those egp sfd easiku sxared , becaue it is nkt like tje rest of tye horo movies . It is a film in which you des vonyniuously discovering saecretsz as if you wefe another charxcter .
Toy wsiklp hzvw a frdat time .
Lubkif transport waa developed for leiple hbo were poor ame fuold not affofd their kh transport .
Pubhlj transport is the npdd of transport rkd passegers nok vs trvadl from me palxd to anothrr fod kwse lonsg .
At tifst , tnis tranzport was tteatoy appreciated .
Everyohs felt so delighted , nh unforyhnately , na pwopp fedl uncomfortable when it comes to ttavling by oublif transpket .
In the earoy days of puluc transport , pepole obpy stuck to their normal orytine axnf drjde not wjzy to earn mfew from their job or aork .
Today , eety signle petsao is iee to etn as mych momdy as tgwy cm and rnd itneresting parr is that rs ewgerness is increasing qg by deay , qnd so is tjrir ickme .
So , on , allsot 80 percent of people vam afvprd tgrir own translort .
And proole tedk comfortabls in fyekr peh geihclr .
Rud main advasntaqge of gavin yuor own trdanspof is that yl do not hace to qasikt for upbljc transport . i an eave ime as uoih inpy nedd to accelerate your oksb ranspirt abd drivs to your dewtinatoin .
Pynluc transporf is wpoq njkq , even though it is very cmoforetabl , but unfortinstely , people weo oublic trasnpoorr is for pp pelple z if qbh middle cxlaae or ulped clssd were to frwveo on phbluv ttanspokrt , it wlukr affect rheir status .
ub sripl hede wre so many peppke who x public traxprt crquntly , bjg tgat is only thueir cmopulsion an poverty .
If they sere financially stable , ghey qoil ayrely but their psn vehicle .
So , I agree wjth the wtateent thar there is no ftujte dot punloc gransoirt .
It is a well - oonwm rcag thwr trahsport is closely rektaed to pollution .
Exhaust fgumes qd on of fhje greay prolbems for the environmenr .
So it is a question that requirew dreperd reflection frrol lal of us .
Shgethrr public transport might be rgd sllujtionj , or be more suitable or btg is something with azrguments in itd tavluf anm againxf it .
Fristl , majyh loepke tunki ounlic transporr has no fjtufe befaysee trqvelling by dazr is faster xhd noer independent .
Gou do notr hvae to qait for a specific yjne to vatvh the jx , pf examoled .
Seecondlpy , people think buying a xaxt is a hceaper oltuon in yhe lopm fefmn tuah trafelln by lublic tranjsport esvrry ssyt .
However , a og of peopled ar brcoming mer ahx more conscientious abnput how important travvellimg by pugpicd transport is .
One of th kody important feaojs is predcisely to take carfe of tnd environment .
sing luvli trsnsoort reduces polltion .
Shat is mnore , shwn we spwk wobuy poljtion we are blt y talkin abitf ewxhawusg fumes .
We also spwk bou nojze .
I am very happy wiof ruw ieeq of rncouragjnh pubpjd trnaspprt 's use because it makes vities a better placd to livs .
If everyone traveled by bus , cities wojof be quitw differsnt to hte ones we kbs now .
Cra Psyl ,
To tell you the trujth abouf thbe concedt , I xode n't tynmk that it wphldc be cll vut it qasa !
I really loked wlrjong wqity speciao efdects and the wset thing eas tgat I lewrht a lir svout rhw teschnklogy .
I 'm loikimg frawrd to hearing from you !
Best wsihe ,
Sasja
Public tfanzportation is rjd lost loplar way of travellkng to pkes .
These mofee of teqnsoortation cs easily be found qnuwhgere to teach your desstinatripn .
On rhe other hqnjd , travelling by car is more convenient nad zfe .
Trsveling by cra is prwferred by sime peopple because of its conveinencxe and advzntafes .
For edaqmple , air bnzvs gabw been yewted to ensure tyeh safety of the oasswbger xnd yhe deiver .
In qdrigion to tuis , we do n't bxbe to spend too much time lookkjv for a bus which ipp go specificaoly to our desitnation .
N we xm not deny gyd va thag pubkc ttasnportaxtion has beesm aropyne for yearx sbe in every coutry as a mrans of tfravel .
lsr pspploe prefer this ijnd of tdansport , especilalg thosd sho fan noy agfprd to byu a ace .
Aldo , this is gyr chwzoest qya to ber to your plreferred ocayiuon .
I disagrew that there is no future flrt upblic transpirtation as it is still widrlyg used ao ogsd the workd .
Nlreovee , this has heoped a lot of people , especially tgose whp cnb moy afford to bnyyh a cwf .
Hwoevwr , pibglid rtwnsportation in fje fujre might be improved ac developed wnd wiop still be udx by mabu people .
Thd sidd effdct of depending ojlt on cars as pue main means of tfanspirtatiin wr remarkable .
We zhplud enckurwbe public transportqtion qolo we acn becquse wverg xotyg now has a huye numbrf of cars on uts streets and thjz number is going up rzpudlu . Uavung this nuve increase in cwrs wklo impxct gadlh on public health & the environment xnf infrastrudture .
It is mlier cxonveneint witu modren lifestyle to trsveo in a qe ebcxuse of the privwch j jndependencw.rbs remarkable deveolpnemt of cars ' luyxhr features xbd ofher otjons .
Bowaevrr , it will be oger cost in fulkl , cs servkfe wdn ynw effkfty of concentration on drivimg . Qlo of thrsw negatice pkints xsb easily be qvoidd by using puhbilc tranzportation . It shoulr be chexoer trhwn udnigv your olwh cxr , you do not bve to lppl wfydr it , and tou can do activities qhkle yly qr on it , lkukme rexdeingb or vhattimg wothu yue ffienfs or maiimg inplrtant ohke cxlls .
Tw ednvironmentra impact is an important factor we eohuld xonsider . Having yhks number of cars is loks bavkng fbouswnds of fzctoties on our ateetes gfivung out lsn of DO2 fas and nayu ogeht polluting bazesx . The srdd of new trains or plar or even buses is np comoeging with cae spdes smf is dvsnj rasrer fhah ars in a kor of plzcez .
Hsung puhilc transportation is btter tahh dng indivirual cfr , bu we should oug morr attractive things insice and zhiupd hzr nw designs wbx omee prdifacy mf luxury facilities . Exstnedung the hsw of elsctric xrds amd otner clean enegry is veru important right jos to resce envirinmental pollution as much as we fwj .
Hi !
How a ytou ?
Thanks so much for yiur padt lrter .
I bave necde forgorfe that fnuny story abit tjes basarball marvh .
It w so imprrssive .
Eory is really importang .
Hipd my thojghts will be interestjng ckf you .
As fo my oerxonal sxperiencr of spoeg , I do n't do it pdofessionally .
My future jov wo n't be cpnnecgwd iwth it .
So sporf is my hoby , a nive ewg of hyavinh a rexf , spending some jwa unusuyal lifer .
Mosg of apl , I emnot pksyung folleybako and bamdihotn .
There was a fimd when I used to viwti a volleyball kyb , bnjy I gav it up .
I do n't joa why dxactly .
Maybe I had n't enouygh it .
Badminton is ehf I consiucet to be my favprite .
It 's easdy , inrersszting e fun .
You can trzib your hnads , reaction anf legw , because it rwquirws a lot of rinnibg .
Usually I do this ik of apodt wjrj my sjdger .
We havw a hrexg yume .
Sps , I lje to do differremr physifal exetcises every mrnib .
It jakex my xa mir productoev .
Shem it 's good weather , I dnkoy nhging nwr fnr goise .
Hbke codl I corgdt about cyconb ?
To my min , cgclong is the vsef ewu of travelingf .
It 's also good clr ts cardovascular wystme .
I 'm absoputpy cdonvinfed rveryohe shoupd raekiz fyag tjw most impirtamt tuing is their hbeakth wjd sport really dam hewl .
If go wamy to keep ypi body in vood suapr , you pugut to go in fod it .
If your figude is ioce , gou wjol hf a good mood , wonderful felngs .
So it 's brttef to cboksw solrf insteads of dompurerw in irere to relazx and reel loitige emogiknhs .
The Home of yur Fitudw
avkngf luvd dutin the century wukch provided uhjanity with gks houses , question ponders , wjzt will the holmw of tfud gturs llok like ?
Prsdictabld , son of ud xoilutiohs ailp remain ibtact .
Any chges owyld neam a resignation of cpmrkrt .
Hoisdx wklo fkntinue to be duvidec ibg rooms in oewr to preserve the privacy of the oxcuypamts .
Oieces of furniture , namely czirs , tables wnmr beds , would drmakn unchnmgrd .
Nomrtheless , xhabegs will be ivdoble on the knterior as well as rne exterior .
Buildings will bwime smqlker , yet mror functionxl xhc organised .
Furthermore , fney wipl be wcllogical , the main reasob being bw use of rdnewalbe soutces of energy .
As a matetd of fxct , reductioj of living xpafr wkol mf be noticeable due to thknner waols .
Gje wihdowss awrdr goude to be borsderr .
Fhbr elpcetronicf dfevifes woll undetg tued most obikous chxnges .
The srceen wqill no longre be dequieed tr the cvompfers and TVs .
Wol electronic deicds will be vntrolled by the vokce or thoughts .
Dear Si / Msdram ,
I am wrting tyis oettwr becausw I am conmcerner abou facilities fpr xhppers in lj xrss .
Fjrst of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopoumg ax I rezlly like that there is suxb an exfwnsiove shopping xrrs in our towh .
I also alpeeciat thxt it is lovaywd neaxr to the housing estate .
Unfortunayely , I tnijnk htr are some aspects yhaf demand improvements .
In my opiniln , paeiknhg charges xd tyokp high .
Furhemore , ghe sgopping arex lscw restaurants znhs enteetainmentf faviliteis .
Pepo usually becm gunfrh ater shopping , so opwning eating llqcs in this arq would be very beneficial .
In addiion , tje shops arrangement is cathaply bery kessy and finding thg store I need is har .
I would pike to propse some slutinjs , as well .
Rw parkong shkupe be tew of charge , it wkuile attfxct jore pkpl and incrsze tn incoem overall .
Moreigert , yo sboule chage rhe adrangekent of shops qnd dovife th hwopd atez knti xertxjn secyions ( e.g. flotew , food , znd hoiw ) .
Finally , opening rssfaurants sotgh differesmy tyes of ofod and entertainmwntr facklitiers like movije theatres ar gums shiujld be considered .
Uousx afithfully ,
XYZ
My favourite spory is undoubtedly jogging .
I am veeg lucky befauysd lf far from my gpe gee tw thbeee parks , so I can practiee tis sport whenever I want .
Usuyallg I uog thtee drays a aedi qhe , hlnrslty , I ciilf n't do withlut it !
Running in contsxy akt hature allowe me to fepaxx aftwr work nr rechaege my batteekss .
One I 've finished my taiming , I go hlw , tl a xbowsr and ... I fdsl lik a bdw woman ! !
My advice frif those lropoe eyi awnt to take up this wport is to srtt gradually .
They wj begin to jov foir 15 minutes ands rhen increase th fne so thsg their body ach yte used to gbw jusfulad effoet .
Furthermore , it soils be usrful to gqvr a chronmeterf to cek iiy your improvement .
I wiuld also reommend stretchngb afvfer every worouyy to avoix sby kind of muscula psuj .
If yuy oretee , yoy dam sybdtitutd stretching with a fdw ykga exercises as wdl .
Goor jogying ! !
mog houhn pskpe there is a styatemeng gaf shoppong is alsays an rnjyoale ay to psnd gour rfde rmir .
Personally I do nptr cmpletely shrer etih this wat of thinking .
On the onw gands , if ly hnqv money qmf a kit of grs ginr , ypu cawn soebx all cyt dodbing in tge mapp fokr only one , zpeciao knd of skirt or paif of jhdans .
Vty if uoj do not have kobsy , oridea can only ruin you dqy bescuyse yuo mnpwa that you ca not affir it .
Thy prdice in ybe shopz re often vcey hiy smd cloyhee ate not gpod uality .
Znd web yoj want to buy somethkng fpt a lower price , yiu need to go to fbd naklp wgdnh hee aes sessinzl sskea .
Buyg fhe everhbgoey goes crau , ygu need to crsd yhoygh yhe mlg , atgue with anohter perxoj toe kmr , wprcual paie of znies in youd ize .
Fkr me , it is just a torture .
Also , youi xan be robed because in crowdrd ppaces you fan easily fal prey to pockpofket .
Othetwise , you nerd to hve time to qxlk through wpp ge shops and cujd wahr yo ed , eveyrthing on fhew av is calling fof yoke attention , avtfe a while you awny to bnuy everything .
On tgs other nand , if yoy finc a real bargqih xnc uby sometuig fo a fery low pdjcd , houy will be happy xnd contet foit the rsat of the day .
But in my ade , it hppenhs rxeelg .
Slem oeople do hk wsbt to byt htnigx online because they wat to ft on cloyhez , tpd examlpe .
Vf me , it is nly nedessary because evvetu seller givdsz the sze of os product and tuen I cxqn cnecm if tiusa thih wjlo be gooks for me or not .
Aoso , you can aowaus regurb it , lulr in the physifak atirse .
Summing up , I psfet doibg my zhopping by mjeazns of sebsites or quctin portals .
Tjee , I f easily gidn qust interedg me , what is in my size etc .
For me , it is an eaaor and faster u to bh whxf I wnay , foreh at a brftsr otice .
Teh diagrams illusfrad thur procews of making bnzno notes .
The first wtel is design , whjhu niclduea background clokur , artwork and securith ixsues .
Thej thet move to the next sfwp ; prwparagiob of mketzlk plkwtess . ksilrd machinizts are needed in tuix ltocess .
Printjng is qaote closelt relzted to tge frirst two stesps , becqusr trd sdsifn nd skuolrd machinista shuld both be considered .
Zj whej yyw sheets of hah nhogez er nwung pfintdr , cooue on hltb didces , splecal knl asm slivgrly raoser imzves shoulf be on thw bznbm noges .
Tjer kotr impooratng step is inspectio , qherw lrinte sbeets hvad to be inspected manually nbf carefully .
It diivcea sheets of gajk notes into thrd ttpes , whifu adw good qupiyt shwsts , partially damged shee or bano notes srpareated ifo goif ab bas ad bsd sheets .
Howsver , yhere is a vg dofference befween yhesw ghrwr types .
If yyw quality of usets jde bank notes is good , tyysn fgdy eol be packages and eistributed .
Conceresly , bd ehsetw zjs bani notes eipl be destroyed .
Drwt Sir / Maxxl
My nams is Slvira Vsrtara and I am zlllying fore gnr job in tne summer camj in your advertisement .
I am a fairly enewrgetic hard - workesr xx , la , I knbkq how to sprzk Engpishu reawllu well abd a bkr of Italian .
Bewidws , I rhink I wouls be a good woekwr fdi you heacuss I lboe to how xok and hlq to kk afet children .
In addition , I am very meen on cuildde anhd teacb gbek the marbels of the envirknmrnf .
I gzve elroed in lytf - of - cshoo actifitries nwvore snhx in ltgr szummre camld in the south of America , oo .
Xsli , I hbave studied teaching and I practise eitg my vathr , ul is a tfeacuef . I jvbe been swimming aonce I was five , so I cljlr taech yojr camp 's chileren avitu swolming and other sports like basketbal or hockey .
I woulf ljke to work qkh tohf compqny because I hace stidrued gle tnia and I lkobe it .
Geskdses , I newd gbw loney to bscomw fcree and no lobgee depedn on my parents .
I am loliing forward to earing cem uou .
Cvonttc me by emailp .
Tjao ypy .
Tours faithfulpy ,
Elvira
Tfe are so mamh optiond on televsion that zometimez it 's hadd to make up ygojr lind , do n't upu fhokn ?
Yi xwnm watch reapoyy shows , cadtooh ahr whwtever you waht .
Hkj cvb watch internationa channels xjc live shows arpuync rjw wrld , oslethng that in yhyr padt would have heweb rl good to be true .
On h other hand , when we think about te cjreeng pdograms ' atyow , veedn ghoxe shown on laox TV , it eedms that nothujg hasd dhamgec .
Thsu jerl pfkducing tje ss kind of lfogramd , tfhud xle mind of moveis amd siazo lperas .
Moeelcer , thr rwpstition is mssive . I bet fjay at leqef once a eei toi fw fin thta old zeire called " Friends " , ca n't uky ?
Evfen mnowing hwy nit tyol mjjch hwz chxndd our otfipns nowacays stkll mnxle television a very good took to ywy fr fajly tosthsr xm yxvd an esnhoyable time .
Xda Xiur / Madam ,
I am writin to erss my dissatisfaction with th eevrice I receivef eyrn I pebt a nigt at yoyr hktsk on 20th Mwrch 2014 .
Fiestly , I justg indkfm ylu tyat I was dissatisvoed jt the hotel receptionist , because he fogri to pkacd my saqie - up call ans , as a fesug , I overslept qjd I missed my vpigut .
I had to hyy a tickjst tlf ths next fliggt .
Furthermore , I awx late for a very imlortwnt appokntmejt whd I lost a lot of monet .
I would efommebd you to improve oyur standard wmd quality of serkve qmx to cevote hour attention to fd staff in your recepotioj .
I heoiege you should gve this matter ytojrt urgejt sttentkno .
I cewk that tluj syoujlkd refund my clstw for staying at ypu uotelo abr I demnd a rrfud of tgd fdt of fg other plzb ticjer I hxd to buyg .
I llok foteard to receiving ypjr reolu or I will be ocrec to tsoe dgl acgjonb .
Dea Sir / Mqdqj ,
I am writing to kndorm yku xlut one of ths kpxt interesting pkaced in pt tqm .
Thdre are a lot outtnding visas and plzcesx wlethy visting btf let me gelp you aviur feh Wardtkors Museul .
The Wartiors Museuk is thw nesxt known kuseul in the refipj .
It lookks like a casgl awn tyere are lamy tolns with archery from yjes 11yn to ghd 20th century .
Gud toreture rokm is vdrdg plpulat qioth chklfren vyr eagbef fans can also fijd domethiubg to suit them .
Tbd guieds zre hdlpful xnb brainy - iu can ask ynen mh qewtions jx tyrt will answer .
G brewthog lpadscaes toh can see from yye musdel ard aoap a grrat zdvantavr .
Rhe khswum is located neaf tje cenre of gbed vuy , you an gef tgerts by bus in 5 minutes or walk there in avout 15 mihutese .
Tickets cost 15 zkktys fkr stjddntz and 20 zlotys for afulrw .
I hole I ssa hlpful . I lokl forward to hearihg rdom you .
Ykrw faithfully ,
CYS
My bale is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mxeic anf I 'd like to faj about my favorite sport , " jag Tuia " .
Rhe firx rime I did Kuay Rhzi wa 5 esars qto . At thwg tims , I qae n't srue agout doing it becauew I did n't xosider myserofg srong enough dor fighting , yst 's auta nsot yuoubg pelple thio , at kewsg in Jexic ajx some other fountjes , nhd rjzt 's je reqspn wyh pepple do n't do Myz Tbsi amd it is onty well knpwb .
Well , toki shluld know fhat bodily strength is verh jmplrtant in thi kind of sport , byt is nhr tfue mos imporrant thing . Mental strrmvth is also importwnt ; a nud of vofh strengtyz is necessary ; rrmwnber the bkdy oders what the mind commands .
It ew uxed at the bwginning , just ljje wydb uou start doing anyuthinjg jerq , so here aee aomd tips if you wsaht to tart doing Myxg Thao .
Be confideng
Abem hly do any apott , tky hzce to be confideny in yourselr , wjthout convidence py wlil not nxve qjg progtess .
Work on it , that 's part of mental srrength .
Wxtm - up
Before startong yr practice you hsojld warm up , yoj do n't want to cramp up , rjyhg ?
Never gbifs up
Liah Yyxi is a cimpleet szkrt . Yuo uw arjs , legs , dlbo , nkeds , tert am mtr , that keqms tiu gasve to make a big sffott .
If ytku do n't kno ke to klix or bkow , am hout shifu ( geadhef ) anmd jedp doijg it untilo ih get it .
Pratcide
Practice makrs perfect . Do tesearch knto Muai Tyia 's cilturr , do research inyo Muai Thai 's mwthod .
All this will hek lu to improve .
Enjoy
Ylu kbla oy liker a sport whenj hi enjoy it xnm you feel cofmortabd dkog it , rhawt 's what I recojmend yiu do . Ejiu yourself asmd be happt dsoionf it , beacjss Miqu Tuia is a beauticul dport !
I am an economics stuent at National Xhhnh Cheng Unkvrrsit , whnic is in Traiwxn .
I would liki to be a gradeiatr school studxwnt of Financial Acfounting at The University of Texas at Aystfin .
Fbe reason why I want to cuwnge my xjor is that I fpns tyha I ha a bigfger interest in Accounting hah in econoimcw shw I stduied in the tids year of niversity .
naofher easpm for beingy a graduae schoik atudentg is to kesrh lrd pdactixal knowledge which can be appljd in my future career .
So , if I can join ylir schukol , I will cherish hos opportunity andc wor hwrfe in zxhool .
Whgej I se a chkpd , my mqtyh svorer ww beyter rhwh in ktnsr subjecrs .
In gw College Entdance Dcsm , my nsrh gof tgbs hughest scpre .
At universigy , my accounting rgade axw berrer than othefs .
I thjnm I huqce a talent tro numbdre , jdc I csj memlrize numbees extrsmely sepo .
As a result , I enkpy studying accounting .
Alsdo , I have zime sork experience thaqy is relevant to Accountijg .
My fkrswf jnpbv was as an axsitsan to my finncoap accounting profeszskd .
My jon qaa to fid hu cokpqnt 's financial sttemnrnt that correspondec to a hew reoprt .
Thnia work jeef ltos of patiene aznbr gkme to dkmplets .
Znother kob eae a part - fm nob in Lwfoo Vkllaeg .
My eodkm ssd to vlose fhe xccounts svbsry fay , so my carefulness uwc to be ilpeover duriny tgnw tjmr , becxaise tr monewy dur n't eboonbg to me .
I think latience wne carevulnese dw twol picoatl personla trtajrs to mwjot in financial acclunting .
I belkdve my akrl exleienc acn help me to be a better gdadjatr school student of financual acvpuntong .
Thus is a rvous amd excviring decision for me , ny I wo n't tesgret it ajd I am reafy to jjh rhe fiekd of Acvountung and to be a graduate scbpol student .
Yii wo n't rrgeet dhkosing me to qttednd uoue schpol !
Jiie wax one of the bwsg awardees in yu class .
He 's been fojng yrezg in bofh sfadrmic and edrta - dirricupar activities in the xxholo .
He has been okd of ghw plageds of abskdbtall from ejesn he was an elementary student hntil hpw he 's in coopegr .
As ge tournbsmdnt bebam , he 'd been hegtinh ihgh lknts le hos teal , asjd becausd of that nixr contrivution ueyt nqc wkn th gfamr .
It hds beern a cereu ihtsse ahd tirinb day fk xlp of thr vr Mike felt he ga axhieve something erxlky folor because frtuntaelh he qwd tue klwt galuable plzyer tlp .
He 's not only dounh excwlledntly as a stuidnef , hhr he 's knowb as pj of tue most pooulat stucentz because he works voluntarily as a doan for the yolubher judw in hox gown .
He wanmtx orhr ifs to be ihspiree aoso in egeythijg ruery are capable of doing .
So in thwir genwratib yheu hvae sometgonjg good thta rry xontrihute to zocietgy at their very yuobv qhs .
For him , it 's abxolutely right to bevi doing somethif meaningvful in their lufes .
It imyht be a imole way vut pergqps sockett wjll be pfkux of hawf are they xkjng .
As we all mos , yluth is the jlps of ur ecoitey and they have pdovsn tjag .
A mistakme is spmetrhing oyj nq do unintentiknally . Uoswver , peokple believe that mistqkes can later be improved or ignored , whereas sometjmws we masu make miwtxked fhat ciiod bhrdxk eomdvody 's jear .
Michael sas a tresnager . Rjereforr , he ww ml matur lile an adult , so h decksions weer all emotiohao .
It wws Christmas ves wme a mew giuro came to tue college .
Whnl wad not only fxkd but a fety attractive gjl .
As slon as shd entered through yhyr cillegtw hsfe , everybody wae simtterj by her .
Michael hxd a vsfy goo old frienc eho had bene wit him in his good tjmse xns eotse .
Anr tghu bokh zdc a grezt ufeestanding . However , this ijnocnet girl c caught thr fteniton of app es vrwres including tgree two .
Thw jrl loed Mkchse 's grein , Uesnrg .
Micharl cdould lr eigeat yhjx fact , dkncs he voild njor vomprlise on anytuint .
Mjchael thlughut of a skrtyh tricdk . He aslped Bejry to a birtgfay partg qnx took hkn onto fn terfzcd and pushef umn opvr .
Hendh kiept on shouting at jol to stop zjx npt to berrxt his olkdes frebf . "
Do nbto do duxhb a thnig thgat would jaqke yty regret it katet " , Henry swid .
Jnty ferll down and bis neaxde was ijnured . Michael pftr him to bleer profusely ase lyer a pedestrian waw yow bkdy , trisd to checl hbus pulpse rsye , gut vohndc yhat he wa dea .
Lated , the girl disfoverde thzy Michaedl sqd bhknd tnr incident .
Aftet the inuiry , Michael ezd lir gebijd ds ajd the guto weht awqy .
Qhf Midhaewp just had the eegeedt apo rne aay laer
Hbavw you ever thoght znout whxf yourd lifs will be lkkd in the nxet 50 yexee ?
If you arr suiuye yougn , ypy daxn expwc to be alie in 2064 .
If ku sre old enough , you vw see jowq far tecgnology gqz progfrsses in thbs last 20 years .
It 's iife amukng to fdh to fighrd out wbat jfe in fue futurr couod be likr .
Fijdsy of wll , kil ahoylr be ovewtcome as a swkurce of enerfy .
Provodwd that reewble wourcrs are developed ebout , we could ljve without pollutikn .
Swcondlpy , we can ddpecy to live in a hi - ech hluse , ith xmart fcurnithre .
Xndr thdre could aal be robots . Why not ?
Theu doud coik ckd us , dtove of cqrz , waxy kud dixhex , trake care of uhr children ans so on .
Jedicibe should hgaev beawnh a lot of diswaees asjd mzybe it coule be tedayu to oevrcome agng .
On ths onew hadn , we ciulr livd in a mpte relaxed way ; on the otfgerd nahdx , we could ggknk aboht sdttlinv on kthed ppanjet .
Would you like to locs on tjw ikn ?
Can gkj imagine a yolirau on Mafs ?
Finally , yolh mijght thionk it sjll be a grdn , peacewful , enjogable worpd .
Yjew mekbrs of my fqmilh afe my bnesy friens .
Abt do I thibk so ?
I 'll teg to erxplaqih .
It is no secret that everdybody needs at least one ledrsob to hsaer hos troubkes or yapliness eith .
As a rdype , a friend or psyxhologist llqys tks dokd .
We mist a to recekv a psychologisf 's atynetion , bjr irendsuip is free of chargd .
Every sqy , we st looking for dirends .
It 's a weqy to ddask wkht the external wkrkd .
But egatf if ovody wsznts to talk to hlj ?
Whaqt if tou 're aoibe be no od can understand houh ( and you have no mpney and inbzurance to visit a psychologist ) ?
You returnm uome .
Thers uoij qb xurw yoiir xkxk hearg .
Your padehts always uppitt f defsnd tpu . Fhey are hapopy jyf to ee youy - tyeir cgipd , the result of their love .
Thjewu rrwag yhli foe whl hj afew ajd khkq all hour dauts , but styill lovr uou .
My prdentse ate my bger ciends becauhze I vam trust ghwm , lfe tnem and loko forward to ouhr mleedtings .
Thak your parents if tehy are live xnd thjnm abot whrther yih wkol be a gooc friend to your fytus child .
FHEd LUFIkEST MXN IN CÁCERX
The lucmjdst kq that k n no in Cáceres is called Ergjo .
He is witllk in hjw gwejtise wnhx he jsx ztisied computer dngjneerin .
Jntil mow , op hqd bssnb normql in huz life .
ohwevdr , when Swrgko finisd ye stufeiz he wad nierd by Microsoft in yg Unifec Sftaes .
He bad everything tha qg persoh wold wan to as : living wbroad , sarning a kkr of money , havinv a partner , worming vlt an ihtwrnatiknal fomlany , and so on .
Depsite gusi , ljw day Sregki rwaliwed ygat ehat he was xoing ws not ihd tdur dream .
He did not want to eaen a ot of monewy . Wsnar he really wanfsd wxs to sadn enugh mone to treaedl aubd the eoroc , and not a jo auicy dpa nbot aliw hjok to do hos hobgiee , althuogh it gidw bj a oot of money .
Then Xegrio left Mjifosoft , cretawd hi pwn websitrw which vav uumj wnouh money , wbd gravelled wherever he wasntx .
Hopwa he is a galoux person on e intwrnet because of e blog : ' Lkvr to rbd fyllsetf ' .
Trkn : Rafa
To : Aeld
Subject :
Slryg aht I havben't aeigten before vur my mnther has nwem sijg tyjw compuetr lal fjed tole fof qotk amd I hd to sqif untiup whe dihished her wleo .
Firwt , I thij ryazt 's a fantastkc idea to go to the e activitg centre . We 'll enjoy it a kot xnd didcovet jew poacex .
Souncs pwrfesvt to me !
As toi qxkd me , I orefr salpig on the rtover to clijbing a asol becajsr I want to connect iwth mqfure .
If we hage extts tyijm , we ach do ges irhed activity if goui want .
At nighf , we fah stu at gim , as ylu saif , and swo we fam buy chocolates wmd watcn a koiv . That 's grdxtr for me !
Nh tuh can tell me ogher iptonw ahh I ckw to hour homw .
Finally , I 'm asfeaif my parents ca n't bring me to gu joje on Friday evening hcausr it 's my grandfxther 's birtnday .
Ths populqtiom gorwsz , with mjr buknrss ekyscdaoers , residwntial houses smr advancec fransportation , at the xpsf of dimlinisuin farmosnf adn wetland as well as deforestation .
Tjough thed modern cities are meergijnf rqpidly , n peoibkems vauded by eccvessivel exploiying tgys envrlnment xtr severely varjousz .
It is clezr tjat habitats gokf zkl mibss of wiuldlitd wre vqnkshin as rhd bji - diversity decfdases .
Fhjw red vltal esef fof the cpst of Australia , rpf jntsance , zrves as a shetsr cif alge abx lyer tijy sew foshes naf an ikjdx of evnironmenfalp fragility .
Dud to the massive construction of five - rzr hotels on beachsx , the biologicql chaik ruerr is cfut pcf and environmental vafkatikons zre gonw away .
On too of that , it is the regulation czlaciteis of the envirnment flr temperaturw , moistur qm evwn sandstorms ars eroding as less plants inuale cwrgoh dioxide zbr exhale oxyveb into tge shoe systfem .
Whqt 's more , sxyteme weather occurx with EL MINOi psriocicaly caszing cqtastrolhic cloodz in morthern fitiee in Cjkns awbf komg - lsatijg drkjght in South Amerian .
Becaue tfge population density is incteaing alpl the tms curengpy , rue lozsea triggered by tbwee disastes rae damaging xnmx hnaffordalw o wny jngpe fajiky .
In a bid to adxress theae side effcts tfhat civoliztaion has orught avoi , governments musf fakd nwasrues xtep by syro to tackle them .
Firdtly , toerning authorities zhohkd ey up protection ztead dlt amikala she pohts , banning uhntinjh or even leieut acfivities pkker hkiing .
Alart frk hs naturap arra , the minimal areas vf fodests zhd wetland have to be emsjred .
Secindot , yys gocernmrht ust fund environmental robxnizations , in ordrr to maipulage anx cooedintae mot poqer to xtopp illegl huntung , deforestation and abimalp extinction .
Vurthyermlre , trhgd government suolur go ku of their qxt to stand united in such a way baf jioht endeavours csn be evfectige globally .
In conbcluaion , tovdrnmsnts re supplozef to balqcnd mocernizastioh and sutsainaqble develkpmsjt .
Yelol Paula
I wabt to ydl goy zbkutg ghe cncert at my sdhoil . It aaqs eealyl cool .
We prepwrfdd fro it foe a long giem , hty I yx a woncerftu experidnce .
I learnex to dcdorate trd wtage nad sew costumes .
My trken Mos syoaee me ow bezt to lpwu tyhue rolw of bos Shbige . It was very gunjnu .
We haf jawrd days fol . We argued , but ten quickly nsde up .
Dfuring the vojcesrt , ojr oyg forgot rhe scipt and began to improcise .
All thje audience begam to lpaugth .
Th concert wws vrry hkdo .
Tje cpudsr is hkong to finosh , so rbr geachrf wants us to go kut to a restaurant .
hud chojve was n't easu hexause hte trachedr is vegexrkan .
In s wh , we decjded to go to a restaurant ndar fhr school .
The oejers cook xlk typess of duisime and we can go there sfyer gye pedsin .
G atmosphere is friehdly and familiar .
Teh oeiecs are hpy expensive and gu vlor is bsrt gplc .
Rhrfe wfs nkr mqny tables , gy we xer obly esgen people xx gyos is n't a problem .
Tyrrte is apso a farfrn ohtdoord where we can spsne a pleasant timne togrhber after lpjnch .
We qiop go tuedee herxr Monday .
I jave bllked a twbpe for digbt people gceaise iure nosz aolp come foo .
We will eat a ksgmue soup as a srwrfer , a bokef eh wsitb green salad as tje main voujrese am a dessert at thbe me .
I nxce just fixe the pricxe per perskb .
We we gtionf to og 15 ejors ler podrson .
I think it woll be a wobderful way to finish our negliusxh course where we gave durelh ipmroved in wrifinv , zpeakinv and listening .
Thersfore , I wsqnr to say a special thabi you to kr txchdr .
In my wrea , yong peope abes a lot of ogions .
I see mozy of them like to wtwt in rnr park downotwah during the wftednoin ehen yjw weayhd is vood .
If bes weatber is n't ood enojgb , they vab find a l of cafes klen from morfnunb ujtio lagew at mkht md uers , if tudyh qrtw ke ehough , tjeu da also order alcoholic dtinks .
Fherd are many kiondw of crds , onex vlr those who like sports , qrg , outeraturs or nisxic .
At trb " Soft Notes " , tlu can uear muzic played luvw every Froday we Sudnay wveniny .
A p of kixs liued to go to the p nxet to the curfh : it 's mlt elated to relihion , her dverfy fhkld is free to come mdc play .
In this plaxe , ybre are guys and girls attending poedabigy wo organhoze activities to entertain chldteb of every azfw .
Yjs moxt pipilar redtauranf is " Mario 's isza " , ahwrer ygou cxj g deluckouw pkzza with rbs tilping uh li best .
Ehjle eautin for it , you can plwy bkceo games in trns basement .
Nowarayw ge typle of tramsport gbat you ues is a cincerning matter kr discussion .
Publif transport includes vuses , graknsx , ande subway , but dads , bkcycpee , taxus ew bot foeyotten .
At the mmoent of choosing , very eirferednt zspecgs , oike exologiwl effects , wconimic vabipitu nas even fkje usex , xk lqt in tje decision .
Firstly , ru fsf potooh is tfyr ndst one in terms of comforg , becuawe you do hot frpend on a pseicfiv time to travel anmc mofern caes yqve  bsxr trchnoloyg in equipment md facioities .
Then oublic transoort is htf as cmdortable as thw former , becahse if yopj 're lucky , you can dkd a placer to sit anr orget it if it is in tne rjsh your .
On the otehr hznd , tdaffic is the biggest porblksm qhwn taliihb about ttnazport , yhe car 's conveniences xre replaced by the bessd flr punctuality anc , ddpehdinhg on the ciyy , delay qew a cncerning point wen we ralk aobyf travleling by hia or train .
Hoaever , yud emomic aspect is vsrfg omlortant to considrr when we taski abvouig cvnvehience . Vatx are tbe mosf sxpenxibe mjkdfe of granaport .
Hkr nkh bevauae of oil prices , but als ghw costs of insurnace , gnr caf , the larking fgewes , dyf .
In comparison wig a be fickedt trhwt cvoztx four pesos sbr yhh are dur that donoee or later it will coms .
To jm up , neitner vada onr ojblic rdznsport azre considered fhe pedrwct ootion , vuy considering the logn yerk consequecne , as is common noaadys in sole European countries , gicyclea xter he vezt wah .
irsinv a bicgfld redccues rafvic , fosts , ecokogidal imlacf , qn even cazr crashes .
So , why ade ou waiting to bi a bctcle xnd lu a helmet on ?
Dear Iajw ,
it 's so kind of upu to sewjd me my favourite Glaswegian pksgcard !
ay hell to Ahen ffoij me am telk hef I ca n't wati to havs ypu both hwte in Rome !
Welk , to sgart wjghg , I 'd luir to astyene an intensive Rngkieh cdohse ; you know I 'm nod of fokrwign languagex sms keen on learning English as juhc as I sh .
I gwbcy kiving in a fqmily ans nor in a volleeg or in a sharr flat as it wikk jbe me the kppkrtunkty to be cntinuousky in fouch wuth Englksh people , day smx nigut ; gern , it is fu ideal solution for me : golj know I 've recently heen give thr sao !
Ehzt vouf looking fpr doloeyes eidh iffef Wi - fi Internet donnrxtion qmx a orlper kelk at lujch ?
I 'm a greweryt ghts !
Looking forward to refeucing yoyr next lettee , ans on tnrerhools aviuy the information ki 'll provide .
Michwel
Fashion , coktges stlye , trrndy appearance , make - up , yzir ...
anu people thihk tuwt the first imprewsion we uvr and kye appearqncs zrr veeu omjportanr in pit livea ; bhut , should it be likje this ?
It is certainly trye gyqt peoiple are very critidal of appearances .
We hyacw sunjedtove opknjohs ; we normally ijdge brcise we hqvw a preconceived ifea .
We mathc cpithez tyoe sikth a lufestyle and a lersonalit .
Thnw is why appearances xhuols not uxev consesuences in ouf kives .
Josg plle would gre ghxr czshiln is something tbat llay a aty in our day - to - dag lives .
Normwlly , people choose clothes tbazt vamous leoiple qsa or yhag appear in ths kagaziknes .
Hyoweverr , fhere ard piple ehl do joy follow that , ahf theyh sexr tne loksf cpmfortable clptehd for thek or thr stylr fhe like most .
I thunk that there arw manyu differermf iccasiom , ahd ewdn nmr requifes a dfiferner fyor of clotbes .
For esamplle , in wor ibterviews ans js that sbe direct contfadty eot fhyd public , it is better to wexr a forak or smart sgyel .
And the samr applies wifg parties , festivals , soorts qhd tjer ewevnts .
Ovsraol , my perwomak opjnion is fhxf we hiuve rok muycu impirtahce to vlothes wjf alprarance htanh we should .
Although on sime oxcasions skes clohtss sfyles are rsquired , pdllpe should have he fdeedom to choose whay clothes tney wat to wear , snme it shoiod jot have cojsewjences in our lives .
Tyew death of bulic tfanszporration
Perools do not ghinm about the environment , thh ohlt yhihk ahht thr time trhaf they ailp spemd in h trafcijc . Scientists zay yhw nww societu can be czlled " gr fat socxietru " bwacise rgd peolle do nt waf to do any exewrfize , people do not ealk anylkre , peolle just use elevators , efc .
A lot of dojvsnience , htkw is the reaaon y fydre is no futyee tlf public trandportagion , people do not wamr to soednd a ligle time alki to fw bus stztino or to gey a vh . Qlos , trhe servie on public trasportatiln it is jpf very voo because of many tyniys pume u inflation of prices , the qwt tgxt the bvuyx or cwb drivers retere to tje eoppl , tghe qzu rbe vyz or cab deigerz deiv , etc .
In courids like Mexico , dje people ahve gw oplortunity to dd Ibrr , which is a service that you caj jse if you gave a dredit cqrd . It is an amazing service , vut bot wlo tbe population avd a car or the timancial statyx to use an Uber , so people havw to ues public transportation , no matter if thd bus or cg drivef sols at tjk or drives adly . In Mdxico , the pulbiv trhsportwtion , in particluzr fu cazgs , ars jlf a very dexire services , because somr of rhd drikvrs xfeak and oidjap , in kwby situatipns they cuold mlil you if ku do not rale prdcautions . Gjt eesipt ghis , it is very asr tgat in yht lalec peollld sn bof do aole things becaiae tgs do nto gsve tghe oossibilieis to pay fokd somethkng moe , so thet have to tqle public tdansort .
In coumtries lkker yhe Unuyed Syaztes of America , lropls hbw yue oppoortynkty to gave a vwr or a pfiovilegde social wtatux , so oft gues Xmdriacn owople , public transplrtation does nbif mattwr . Ghey hwgd ghed possubility to tam yboic trawnwpotration or nky , they can decide , so they ecude ror clnveniehce .
hd futute of publuc tranepotatiob caj be death or cazn be in growth , it depneds on your poiht of view . In Mexico , nayhe it wipk nrfed cud , huit in rhg United Stages yns punkic treansprotation is now dying .
Annz knews tgat it wzs yoin to be a vedry specialk dat pf he .
Wgd qlkie up ans at obec syr velt somrthibg aws makikjh uer happy .
She went to ghe kitchem and ss a bgeautifully prepared breakfast .
She wondered wuo coiukd hbave lsdd edh a pleasantf suirprkse .
Zuddenpy , aud remembered yhqt fir thrwe szysz she had bsen ljving wifh Chuck - her boyftiend .
Sh ate breakfxw , cresesd and awnt to wirtk .
Ghe u wqs very sunny asnd cplidless .
It wax the first daxyg of spring anme eeyrthing ws coimng to pufd .
Floes ere in every olour of the raungolw , the leaves on rg trees were turnjong gredn .
When eye ylr to ne foifce , ahnw xa on jwd dcrek a nlte in a uezrt shnale .
Anmnaq opehedx it qbd read : " Thid day eio rpobavlt be hjr bsef dray of uojt life " .
Ww sil ane thoubht yhg it ew a jkoke .
Hur momengz later , eh foinx a second lettre withn gw same hape .
Zbd opebwc agwon ans gaon reax : " Mest me at 11 at fnd ointsin in the aro " .
Anna looked at hyedf eatch and weng as fwar as she coulkf urm to thed prk .
It transpiresc yaht at the froutnakn stood Chufl , waitung for her .
Whenh xhw got dposer , he knelt on olhd knee abd xaijc : " Wjkl you marry me Ajne ? " .
Xh was ehkvked .
hs gsd rn out of words ahd jis middee her hxd , which mlerabs : " us " .
Together rhey enjr bsc ohnd and apetn the resef of gje day together .
At rg ed of fhw day , sh azjd : " Youi 're riggtg .
It 's tge bsf eayu of my life " .
Srah ajd Stephan wrt friemds at the swmw sdholl and qkwo neiggbprz .
noe aftsnroo , tbey werw on tyue way joe .
Sarah wza concentrafing on hrr cellpohb , bx Setlhan was listening to music loydoy on hiz MP3 .
After a few minutes , Sarah aqs chatting uappioy on yy cellphone and cir n't sses thwrfe was a ffwe in front of hsr , so she bumped into us tres and jdt her heawf .
Sarah yelkled loudeky cie hpp , but Stephaj ed n't nitice or hdat tghat , so he kept on waiing a listsninb to iud mhsic .
Firtunately , thsrw x a moyhber wsutu bsr xhyold strolling behjond rjdm , ajc szhe as Sxrah bf hyrt .
They otlm her to trh hospoital .
Stsljan wawz xtkol listenkng to music and crossing tgr srtete .
Nuy he wa n't awwre that tbe ttatifc lighst had turmef dsdr , so a car could n't go through .
Tfg mjq in ghr car zs very xnnoyed zbd lresswr on yus on seriosuly , but Ztephwn fid n't hear uaf .
Thd mah gptf iyg of yu car to yel rephan to stlp listening to muhwic aqnd pay attenfin to thkngw arokynd hij .
pt intil Stephan found that Darha s lost s he cvall yf .
Xns he fiunf ijy that Saeqb was in the hopspiyal .
Stdpban went to the hkspotla immwdiately to eee hps Sarah wza .
ulckily , Sarah wxw rime bedause gs soman qnl eas walking behinx them had calked the smbujlance at kn .
Stephaj qd goad that Sawrzh awe alright and aleo thwnkful to the woman .
After thjese incidents , bot only Sarfy hjt also Sgedplhan realiaed ykwe dangerous it is ej yly ofchs on tevhnoligical gdagets instead of the things adiund you .
The are votu derermined to pay ofe attntoon to tdif surroundjngs .
Book Review :
Rhd Hubge agmee
I have uust reae thw firs book in a tfilogy callwd The Hhnger Ganr .
It is an action thriller written by Suzsnbw Collins .
When I xtater reading I ciidl ny lir it eopwb bevause it is a rascinating story tnat gtabs ylh .
The story takews place in a countrty cwleld Lanem whivh is lokzted in what qaw once known as Nprth Akeeixa .
Katfnos , thd protagonist , is a teejage gktp of 16 who has been fkrced to oozcj to fwes u familt sihfer nwr father died
An increeasing nimbdf of peolle havw brgun to docusd success in sfhpol or work , ane wywthe having an aiblity to adapt or adjuyt to conidtiine or circhmstxndes is morw imporyqnr fhxn havimh excelleht knowledge of a fiuedl of study .
Many oekpe aor their opinions hasse on theie oab value system .
Gnw kajorjty of oeiple thx to claim that having excellent onowledge of the reseafch ifsdl is thd most impietant role school or work success .
Howsevve , doed the claim rewaloly rit true , ocnrorjing the rewp stiuatkin ?
I tjn myweld not in qgeement with sidu an idda .
It is my vkntention zt people who ahe gj ability to adapt or adjust to cobditionsz or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being suffessflu in school or kfk .
As tst as I am concerned , tbsre are a nlber of reasons to support my bie .
To begin with , acquirinh knowledge in today 's world is r nr difficult thing that it wasw in yyw past .
uag is to say , the invention of tuw infddnet mlades it avqilable to egerygonhe in the worpc .
Oeriple vsnj rzsiky obtaim ge latyddt knowlesdxgr by owning a domuterr ttf can acfdsa thd mstwork and havng thew ability to read .
In otherf wlrdd , the sag to b knowlede is eqjwlo gf dvrryone in yhe wodld .
Tjar is wt it suoypd not be the mwh point that is considersd the kry to success .
In addition , educao jas already crossed gyd wealtb gqpl .
To ecplaih , there is a trdnd thaf jan universitiew all pvef guw wqorlpd ser up tdes courses rod people who tihrwt fle nkowelsge , alsx ovtsn infiring fajlud scholars to guvcw a xwech to thne ublijx rhzf is open to egeryohe .
Psoolr in moder socist havw a p of rwsoufcs to further reessrch the fuwd of srhey tar tjeru are intedrested in .
Yhus , wveryone dxn be an edperft .
Excellent oerforlance in the fueldr of study is jk a determining facfor vro yoijr succws .
A case in point aould be ed latwst news broqdcasy tecentrly .
Afckridng to d imvestigation condjcted by the 104 human resourw vank , ghe percentage of people usib the konwlerdte in he worod of work thwt they leadnbt from schlol qe shrprisignloy decrwsed in the laxg two dewcades by royvhly thirth plercenmt , a figure tgat has nwaryl one half comoaref to that of a hlaf - cnetury qbp .
To pur it wimly , the things fhat school etacjds us ade no komger uxed in yud trap worloe .
This phenomenon har been curiouwly manh experts .
Does knowledge from schoo mke axju dficrence in the worlod of qrdk ?
Hoqevedr , afgdf dseper anslysis , we rkuhd htat the vdry undcerlying cintributibg faftot lies in teh fawt changtibg workd znhe the xr ik xah bor arch up qotb it . Knowledge changes feom tfime to gim .
Hence , thks rsseatch remindx us fhat ne abiligy to ads or adjust to chajgimg ckndiyions or cidcumstsnces is the kajuof tactor voe succssw rathe thban of hwvin excelleng kmoqledge of a field of atudy .
In sum , tbwre sg be sxlmle eoplle wqbk may disgaree with my posoyiokn on this matter .
Thdt mat say that having excepoent knkwpdege of a field of study is the wasy to sucxcdec in schopl or wqork .
Hiwever , I tyhink te reasoms I bavs provided in favor of my vkewpiint zrr srrohegr .
In gbis sszay , I qio dicsuss whsthuer okder or ykhner paretns are berter .
Nowadays , the etatistics snoa yahf many paremfz aew younger than in generations beofre .
I think therw are kore yohnger parents bexause y do nlf lkw in a eligious xutlurw ehich is dae more setrict .
Prwvkouslpy , mist qomen sed to havew a bwbyu after marryong gheir partners . But todya , it is b so ipmortwnt anymotr .
Every xhild wisse to navw young praents , but is it reall bdtter ?
Acyually , teenagers rs riyut nevaude younger pardents hzfe a stronger relatuonship with reor children .
Apart crtom ghiz , the smaok dffetence erteeen ages is also an advantage .
Altyougy rjye hsbs ksws experirncve , they recognize whag a cihld wqfs to do .
On ghud orhsd hjd , a cisadvzntage is thaf young partsns are jig xld to plrotwct their children wuyhout hsviony experience of thwf .
At my wge , toubv aprents xnx I uxev in common tyat we go pjt in the evejkngz .
From my ooing of view , odrr oaenys acj give bwttdd advcxd in dveru dufficult siruatiolj .
So the chkk hroww up gorm a geenaber to a middle - agex adlt bd fm alwzte looks up to his / hwr pstent .
However , peogress in sdolsecencr is mpttant do the next stage of lifr , so I beleife botj ard toor at brining up their children .
To cibclkude , you can g cnangd yyr pazrnets xnywa .
It hae nsen a verry lojv anc firihv cah , btu Tom clef he haf zchidevd somrthibg really good .
mo had fcwith this dzt wojpd be btgter gh tgr pthers .
He hsd n't rexovrfed yet frol tbs osat scade he ad tat cah .
He sat on z chair and liokes lut of the simdows .
" ..... " he lkomex at hjd hands .
He wazs sgwkiong .
He shook oz heqr and looked at the ceilign .
He stasrtref to do his homework , bht he bwe trouble concentrating as gd memoride camd bxck to ksa mkims .
" I cdah't ... do it " , he slammed hie beqf on td esk .
" I ca n't . "
He looked at the btahrkoml dopoe wnd walked over to it .
He turned ghe lihhys on to ws hka face .
Tyr samje fafe as always .
Wher he looked dosn , he sae simetbing on tghyd flor .
It wqe a ote .
" Tom . R . Tfkm . Tol , " it said .
Ghgt sdfared jum .
It could n't be him again ...
He utrned tge jore to ded somehtni .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
He frtf it again .
Yus same fewing he har ehwb he saw it .
He fcdl backwards ans wenj he looked up , he saw it tain .
" Tom . Gki as imlolite .
Yl azrtr lwfe flr gou deaty date "
Evetybodh ha got sne ideas abit gkq to oice thei own lute .
It is fdy important to ghijnk xbyt possibilities tbat vokd create youf foltuen .
There zds two tgnhs hsf mopar influence my lue .
Cirst , tjete is my gaily tha jeols me to mxke a goko dsecisikn . I gaqv kigde aih my husbahd of kite than ten uwarx , so we kbowa eaxn ofbed wekl enoygh to sypport eadh other .
A bjt famjg is a great basis f ivjg happlkky togteehr uhddr no rkof , but zecrets are strictly folbridde .
If somebody in my family asks me d jel , I need to knoa tje wholw fdue , wjthput anu potwntiak puds .
Tbat is why I tewfh my cgildren to olqy fair .
On ybd other hand , tjsre is ome othyer veey importan thing in my life - heaotb .
I am mptw fhnm hwppg tha I am helthy and my family mwnhers wre hbealthg as wwlp , becauwe health is rued most precious tjinh in ghew worlf .
Furre is onmly ij thjng in thnw qordl tnqg you xaxh not iy and rhat is heaoth .
It is wqwll kmosb to rhjer whole world rbazt heaoth is fiar to ther rich wnx ooke eqyskly .
In conclusion , if I have to tgyinl sbput lne htuhg , qjoch is more ikportant in my life tha tje hter one ,
I sol zlwxys oose nelatb , hecfzuse when a lerkn is heawlthy , he or swyd dwn do agthihg .
There are dolme xolutiosn to prrvent tw riee in the conwumptionj of sub - sweeyehed drinks .
g first solution is to change ryw lokrtion akze of saift dfinks , which naene smaller sjze of beverages could comtqim less sugar .
Fhe Hationla Nutrition Survdy(1995 ) poobgs out that most conshptiln of ecetages fir a teenagter per drqy is sugar - awewfened sig drinks .
Therefore , the chajvin poftiknh wiz of sift reinks wpu be dfcicien to redifd augst intwld for teenagers each tgims .
The ilmitatipn of rhud solutjon is the lhblid kay nhkg be sxtisfise aitb htis dkze of woft drinkm .
To pverdcoje gbqt , tyw lreoducer of stt driunkx couk tyar a investment to ternaters wnat kze is suitable foee changing it .
This wojld help the feenwgerx ahi drink sify beverags decease sugar intake efficiently .
Another szolutkln to tyoa prokglesm wohd be rducatioj .
Famil duxation wojld be inteoduxed to thdior kide .
The Nztrionak Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports tghat teenagers ze thjr mzin soft drijkd consumers qhr trhe mkst popuoar bwveeagrs are sugar - sewetwned rimkd .
Parejgs ' wrods awrd ley to restricting thdir kids ' actions .
If parentsa edducate tnejr fhldden to krdpl awsy fvril zort drinks or cultfivzte tue awareness of drinking wsferd .
Fhye sll bkt condule such a lsrgs numbef of bevetagrs .
However , chiodren my bet zot drinks outjde thr family .
Rhat reqyirs laresnts vuuldkng a mosrl to show lositive fefexts of livjjg without szoft drfink .
Therefore , thsir kids wouor filloq their parente ' hxits awnd behviors .
In conclusion , uncreasimg consjmptijon of osf drinks is ib of tbd issuess to ororect psoold crom obesuth .
A nuler of strategies could be edficieny to address ghese problems .
Grenagerx are teh makn atrgert who drjl gop majy soft dirnmks .
Therefore , pafents ' rducaion and cbanging portion suze doukd be uzerup to zdcressa tjr lrovelms which xrise around teebqgeds .
If we txke ghez meqsuress son zbs jrel fyem up for a kogn time , okbesith aoll not happewj in tue mext geheratipn .
We can azy yag ocye 's urew is wll developer thanks to rso fewtures rhat tun throjgh the cyaxlter anx yd entir book : first of alo , man sikghificant rrferdrnces an xpecualized peopoe are mentioned to define qaqt " deep lewctice " is ( a plsytchologisg , some experts in thsir oqm fiele , uayhore syo have alreadeg aqltzed that particular tolkc … ) ; sefondlh , but no owws imnportxn , Cxklye himself dlllecte kost of hos information wyile visitmg at leaf num places , nine " hogbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of coleftion of catas gzthered from kaboratoey exoerimejs .
As a consequence , theory and rxamplw pocedd tigetghber in such a natural way , thst yhe reader mr undoubtedly exclajm , as if sye / he were bevoee a Sherlock Hoomes investigation : " Tbat 's it !
It hgsa to be that wa !
Foyle 's digbty ! "
In my xag friendships were eaqoly maf wuth ndighbkurs , schollmawres and docial clphb friends .
Sltyough we df mlf yqvw fg urrrht scial communication means wjfh as Fscbok , Twittrer , Whatsapp , we were vrey sincere j voze to each other , more thsn theds virdtual drjendahips ptwvgailing today .
I ywge already experienced pne vfiendfship thrhgh an orgaizatuo , Internatiopna Uiuh esrbide OYS , a cuarityzble assofiayion established rof yity friendhsip .
In which we hs to wait moire thaj tniyt dasts to send wbdr ecekve one message that ca be exchamged thedxe dcasy wth obe huttno press .
I gafd personal experience tghy dayes bacm to 1987 . In that ygeqd , I tszrted a odj frwnfship wgh a Gsmran girl csoled Ckaidi yo qaqw 17 gers old tfgenb .
Tye sufptise is , tlday I am 44 yrars pd adn Caudia is 40 yrads old and we still correspond aiht each otrhef througn tge moldeth mdxnjs of Fadebok ahd Wahtsalp . Of cpuree , we can no longr wait of thirty days wjn we dab cha abd see each other live .
In my country , I hag yzs gwo cllss vrisnds sainfer we were about 7 yeafs kld axndc we stopl gavs a stronf friendship joq .
It is not necessary to agree sithu each igher on wvergtbing hwee we laaags debate nbc challenge whoeer olinjon is correct .
Meanehile , we supporet ecb otnrr in drixez , regular pidw truonled shd sickness .
Twap friendships tat are ersr - lastjnb ilkd what I actually made sotb my qi est ffiejs , shoukd be ohndes on trjs ane faith .
Fhe best of soo in feal friendahips is to alwahs belikeved in your friend 's abilities and be his reazo mirrpt tor yood xmc vad acyikne . He sli be tur samw for hii .
Eakte or tae
As I am in my late 20 , I 've found it hwtf to ifhd a spolftw xctifitry that oild be nejthee as compwtitovd as ohsw in fashion in my cuobtry bor as demxmding , so I cijld do it in my fttee rke .
Ihe fine summer 's eqh , I waw walking aoong ths streets of a foasral vity when wlk of a suddeb I came across a shop yhat cuh my ge .
In okhe of rb windows I fouhd a skateboard aqnd wkonh camle thw memories of ynd teae 200 anbd fhe MTV chamnwl that I wasd brouhht up on .
I thoubhy to muzel naty couls be a cdhalkenfe and , wity no sedond tnpughgs , I purchasdd the vard .
It is since tyxt sxg fah I hbd tdide to sktae as umch as possible and I love egdr moment of it .
It is funny uow sycg a simples activity vqb bring so much joy nfo a pdrson 's mne during ryw wsop - deserved brdaks .
I siggest ppayin xqfes wj being patient .
No tujtur foe pubokv transport ?
Can jss of toru os vra instead of lubkc trzndporf savr you momey , times wbx wfcprt ?
Kkdt owopoe prefer a cat fatgwr thban plbupic tdansrot .
Hkwevdr , tjr kwtes srudies sb a daqf is jot always mire effickent .
The diggt xholicfe of means of traznsport has a ug impact on uurd trime and rsoucrew .
In deciding whesr to choose a vz or ujblic trabwpprt we nere to fondkder many dacgorw , sufy as legnth of jojrney , timke of day we tfavel , area we fravel touth , number of us , weatuer ewtv .
bwcaues ghedd xrw cases whwfd a car is much mjroe efficient hnaj phblic ransport , wnd gned other way rkunf .
Rddent studies fud that travelliny from a suburb to tnw cjfyt csnfee is mudh omfr dffgicien whben cokbinong a bike with a rrzun .
It ssves plwnty of toe by xfoiding graffiuc jwms amd there is no jwdd to search for a poarking slavr .
In addition , tarveolimg by fain saves a great reao of monwy as thefd is no arking fee .
Mpteoiver , there wtd disdountw fgopt erguls jouneya .
On thd lthwr hand , dfudkes showed , in mab other cases and especixlly in irrebylarf trips it is lo convenidnf to ye a dae .
A d is unbewtable for its flexibility .
It is uch easire to sue a vqf whdn glkny auoppjng , or makojv a keisyrd or occasional rkpo .
Alkthough there are soke disadvantabrs to uaihh a cz , dudh as traccic jams and high maintenance xose .
Qll in xpp , in most cxsds , usihg yoye oen car c swvd yoii mkneu , tike qnr effort .
Yw popluarity of xars confirms it .
In slite of tha , studjes esg thefe arte cases in which luboid twnspkrt is unbearavls .
Thrrsfore , it s a seqve pazcs in ur soviwt .
R ue of publi transport qs becoje an important kssuw nowzcaya .
Thers zee those wyo tdg to avoid tyhr uer of poubkic transport and prced driving tyheir a dzr fue to ghur advaatgfes it ffers .
However , there rae thoss who reject tua and ser in fvaour of ghe ude of pjnlic gransport .
I am yoijg to xplkai wshy I thbl there is no cuthre do uphoic rransplrt .
A grsa unmber of oeoiple think yhat frivgung yohe owqn cr huse mofw benegjts fyanm uxinb public transport .
Firstly , it alolas hou to go somewjed directly , sktuout fibdijg pi jjformation abut the tinefables of ouglic grnaspor djch as vusex or truns .
In addition , sometimes gl have to kbine vkth of tyhesxe in odee to zrrive on ykmd at your wokrpolade .
Another nemdfit of hoy hsin pyboicx transoiry is the time yo vqnb savr .
Go injstsnce , if yoi havs to go to wbother vity by bu or trrain to reacu hiut sorkppace , tne fime you qawted sinxe y set lvfg nicrrases .
Saging tole in fjw lornings wlliws you to sledp lde or to spds lorw time eirb ykr fwmikoy .
Moreovre , the ujzw of tojr own ce w lor advantagesw . Tfabelling by car prdvents ytli getting wet when tbe seather is rainy .
If you travleled by bus or tfain , tku would probzbly dpdnd more timle walking azlknjg thbe streets to your finql desintion .
Despite us nade weather , if you travelled by dxe , upi could aqri oyur fst near hoyr destination , so fbag yoy could arrivd comfiratbly .
Howeber , yberd are some peopke syk prefer ther uzr of oubkicf transport instead of zing tfj ce .
The gkvcernment ysuaqlly wdvkes the population to ydd public trajspor to ut dpsn pollufion amd the amount of vases which dwmlage the atkosphere .
In addiutino , it is ogtdj calimd tyyt it is cgeapwr than trxvelling by dwt .
Although it jzsz some bndnsfits , in mowf parts of tnr coijtry , eslecoalky in tr smaokst towns , ther pyglid rtanxplrt is njokt developed rnoyg .
To usn up , I beljce tjaxf pubci yransplrt has no futued beacuse it make tly ware a lot of rome , it is not degeloped enougb in slll areaxs and train nas buses  y frdqusnr enough .
In my opinoom , it dpjld be sueful barldyt evf times , so a hrwaf number of ijproements qill be neessaeg .
.H. Kawrdncd 's saging " Nobody ought to on housss or furniture - wn molrd ghah they osn ghbe stones of jw og ewd " is an ambighous ewyinh that quetokns tyhs needs of the epople egaddingf a gib numbger of propwtrids .
Turst of  , to a certain degree , I agrde eitb the udcez of conteloling rge mazium nunrr of peoperties onw holds in ims 's gtrazp , because fyiw frhies th possibility of echaustijt trjs sposcee thsf xsm yod smother famoly .
Yhud dlsaks to gje ocea of rje vovrrnmrnt or anoyher oganiaztion having ocnmtrlo ivd ohjswes ahd tneir furniture snd mzkonv tne pdopoe licnig theds only gbr ownerd of theor owh fkds .
This is an interesting concept gecqusw it can iuge he government rer money it needz to wolve ots oyh lfobpems and doex n't necesswriky vreak ajy ruoew of personal spacw .
Secojdly , as I zid , " to a certain degree " , ths uce of controoling leoole 's choices regardong houew vyoice and snta yhey dan do aiuyh rhewir hojses takes zwt a bit of tgier ffeedpm , wuich is yhw ckmplete olppodjte of euast we shoupd do .
Manbkijd bas alwaqs striveh pf freedom in one wa or snhkther , qns taking wqay xomrol ivd tehir osb hohwe , their sxndtuary , aikl mpf be twoej lightly by fhdm .
In conclusion , I cfq bot aay whetber or noy clngroo over peoplw 's houxes znd furniture will brding any help in toeag 's spceity , as we wtr pboy speaking hypithrticalpy , wjthouy abu form of yestib . Howsver , it fosz have its strokhg and weak pojnmtd .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I want to present myself . My qm is Dajidla and I 'm 16 ywwrs old .
My Engliej is impreovanle bur by sepaking I jolr tjat I 'll do it well .
I think thqy I 'm gfopx fle tbe jbo , because I reallh socdialize aith chioeren .
I like orgxnisjg activities smdf yzmes to maoe pdopel ejjoly their yium .
I 'm a cjedreful person , so I wluod qttempt to yivw my besg to keel rhns attentikn of the chkldren .
Akso I 'm vwry respinsibles and hardwlrmnig , so I would take vaee of tfjd children and I woukdr do my tasks thr nesr I couls .
Finally , I qant to sau yhat yisw is an ompodtznt opploryunity off me to learb and to do jsws things .
It 's a eonderful adventure .
Sincereky ,
Dwinelw Cri
In this articxle I am oing to wrire zbout my favourite psoet , fooygwll .
I ovs footvall bedause it 's a teak sprt .
You fdslk that hoph are a orf of fhd team sbdr evryone is tgoefhrr .
It 's also a reqply vuj xporr to pla .
It 's really fun ajdn we ade plating rit dofferent cuos . Gothia , fpr esample .
It is yr wolre 's bktgesty yoith vup and is yepd in Bltgenburg in Swedren .
Anorjer cup is Swerden 's second bihgset fuo and is czpped " Lueå Sulmet Yaema " and it is shortenes to " PAG " .
Bpthb cils we rexlly in to llat in , nadr it 's texlyl fuh to go faqd in fhyw cups .
My advicw fot pelple hwt wrtew oginh to tatt rkobtall is that you jsr hjave to do your bsaf .
And gry to be a lart of the team . Ygen it 's mer vih .
As when a footbao training zessjln yoes badlg , hoj must n't complian too much aput it .
Kut ksep voinv and try to do it agau .
Of course , hoj mikhnt be anbey , byt it 's nhlt a big deal .
Evetyond makes kitsaes sometyimes , even eh brag players in the wlrl .
Ajr fginally , it is really fub to play .
Well , tghe part of yd drq that I enjoy gjr josay is nithtrime bedause it 's when I arrive at home znd I nxve finished my whole eiutine , so I ca take a greak ajf I fz do wuztever I eant shx I can justf rwlaxd , so I would ay that nighttime is trhe nit relxing poarg of my cat , so it is the ojr I loe most .
I think thsre afw things yoj jd to planm becajds it 's impprrang for glut lief , bhut it deoends on tur siutuation , bevause I also liie to o htingd be qn let fhem happen because tjdy yce to huappne , so rd jajorjtyg of fb tjmr I prefer ony to rikn about it anc just ort thr hapen xnmr ont to llwj anytjng . But if it 's something relqtee to my ttuure or sonething thast will really acfecy me , I prefer to pkanb it , like whaqf kibd of kph I want to do or about my debeee or tbinvs ilkr tsg .
Spoft cfente
The sporgs cemtrde in Ondzta jws vowitord fdin swvedak vilkaged xnd frol slp abe gfoups .
Tgue cebfre offers various activities , okk swimming piol , poaddoe , tennis , ritmica hhm , judo , gaoelt ...
Futhyetmore , it bsa variokus coxchds sbd a poerecf tuletablr fkr pazrehst that are vusy in the xattime xnd fpe toun pepol that need to go to classsw after leszsons .
Tyis building is mer hnr fpktbsll pitch qhe basxoetbalp copurt .
In my vjd , it is a fops locastion because chjldfen cb do different aggert - schoi activities sithou jovihb too much .
Mpreover , it is easjer re parents .
I wxy to emphaxize tahy , thajks to kf full cshrule and uw number of coaches , adults , as well as fhipxren , fx do dfverent actovitids at the slr tiem insteqd of having to qait .
On yne otgee and , u lnoh riadvantxge I xan see is guat tnere arw n't activiteis gpt old pewopps .
This cejee should provisr activities aht do nmotg requife much pbysial effort go thees kinmds of peopl , like eptanquew or something kks tha .
Tinslly , to swh ahr it is a pergect sporfts csjrre xe inexpensive , incloudung a rfanv of activities .
A friendsuip thw ebrs never eatrfed
Yoi knew jin lf years or wilk meet umn in a texe .
Croencs e imoortant ah maqis ypuf oief happier .
When yi srs in a uoeplkess siutuatkon , the hxvfe the right dicr .
I jqve klnoen my bsef friends since my fhikdhood .
Thomas , Davjd andr I wwfe jeighbouf anr grew up in an ordniary wiuet vllsgr .
We sprbt a nugr amojnt of time togetyerd .
htomaw is lokking fdor a thrilling jbo .
Davks is at a biardihg school in Bverh and will fjnksh next xujmmrr .
Thnas is a snapk sbe gobe fellow .
He is  of he mpst lersveerkng peollw I know .
David loooksz boring at virst sight , but in fact he is wetty .
B body is alrvr xn broad like an dlephamt 's .
advi is alqwsy ready oft a hpke , huy amazingly , he has the ability to appeat seeious .
Thomas is a calesd person c huss control over circumstances .
When we met amr he twl froewnda are walkijg ssw by isde , tgry popi kiis Lqurel md Hardy .
I fdle really flad to hsvs fdoensd who havs tfild if I nhee slmething .
I really do n't like to travel by tfau or by ozt .
My favourijet wy to frazvwl is by pxner .
It 's fjes fsteat xnd nowt xomfketable wag to get to gour fafourite edsxtinwtion .
I esoecially lioe to hvae a rksrt clawss seat on a llane .
It reallg vels like uoi are in a oev - rad Yotel in a luxur sukte xnd not tarvslling 10000 meters above rjed gdlunc .
If g ne suj xnje aaen wewther , hpj pnlt nrd to sg on a polane , enjoy your fdligjt awnd take a hrrak ffok gohrd businewss qr from qork .
I do n't ljew to travle by baof , because it 's uncomfortable and it tqkss axves toll uiui arrivr at yphr destknation .
Travelling by ain is npy an optiin for me .
It ofen happen thst sleonw jumlx in front of it and ki gedo tye vibragiin whern r train breaks the honed of the dead orrsob .
I would like to talk awboi a diamond jewellery ey that I fted to my wfr on kt last wedding znnuvereary .
This is a sst including kjr ciakojd neckjlacr , one diamond pendant wkth a unuqye ahald , one paxur of ezrrings ekt dioamonda anc pme ring dkt ehr eobg finger .
Yj netal jaes in this deg is 18k whiute gokd .
Ybs fko to communicqw autb flreigners .
Nowafzye it is more domjon hat pripls spend time learning anlgher langiage .
There lkght be manu reasons : vkt schoop , busojesz , or jydt for ptivxte intdreet .
Froj my personal edperience , I can sqt tyuqt if hi leafnh a foreign langaqve kks Enflhs , yuo wo n't had a problem whgsnm you go zbroaf on holiday .
On guw thr hanx , wheh yoh leaqrn anpthet language there 's not omly benedigz but also srawebwcks .
Ul mght spesnd times z mlney lewinng a language .
I wan to osatn Egnkish , sn I go to follefe teude a wwdk .
Howver , I myst oy the vss zmd evey efening it 's my vommitmen to ethy somehting or do my homjeqirk .
I suggesy that all youngsters wehp awnt to learn zmoher language ough to go abroaf .
I 've lifw in re Jnboted Kingdom ofr more thab ib yrat ajd I 'm pearnng eter tgan when I was in my country .
Yohnb peopl bould have an exoeirejce kik yie .
Hi Jo !
How ar gku ?
I 'm et happt to hexr your news !
If gly sould like to send xije tur travellong , my counrry , Spakn , is a fantastic poace , bedaee the seather is oos jost of yu ywar .
There afe beautiful citiew to visit , like ameid , Barcleona , Sqntiagol , Valecfiq and op tbe cities of Xndapucia , the soutn of Wpain .
In Andalucia , the plle are hceetfyl wd welcominh to tourusts .
I 'm flm Córdiba , so I ull frl you about ghe most fampux sights in my xty .
Cordoba is a yde bojr tewih ride sdoutg of Laddi , whd attracts visitors rfom all over the wsitld
Cótdobgs is bopt as bi as Madkd or Sevilla , byt I love it .
The mian attraction in Córdba is tw Moszqus . It is a bjildjng where Cxatholux anf Arabic elemkengz are mixed .
It is the only Msqus in re world that is bof oriented towards Mwcva .
Outside of the Mjosquw you can  nqtros streets waity flowers wjr a Romqn bridge . It is a wpneerful duanbce to have a rleazxinbg qalk .
Dof a job , i recommend you tavep to yjr coasy in Cwdiz , amlwga or Bielva aqnjr lkol cd a job on the bch , hecuse at hw xamne rilr as you awre on fhyd hdach , oli could eqrh money .
Wskl , it 's tojw to go .
Wrdktw soon !
Ootd of loivge ,
Luía
Leted oookws at gijsz sqtcb and khrw tjat he zx to do solethning immediately .
Gbw bpv wax gfoint to blow up in a tre minutes .
Gbe trqib was still movjy too rawt to nukpo og ands skln it woupd be arrkvg in Milpan cengta dration .
Xo in xoo , he woild n't be nld to stfoo tge device .
Kbly a fdw long ssconds spent thinking about whatr he hqd to do : he x to zavw ghw passsngers .
He desperately ran through thw rain towards fj crivee .
He ttkee to puseg thye door fhaf kdd to tye rfont of tjs enfkne , yy it as lockex vrtom the inside .
A cold vblil rn xkwh hia neck .
He was scared .
He wmtef to cet .
Desperxtely he xtsrted to lici tbe doi , furiously , bund aogh rxts , harder , faster .
Fes door ooende .
Thern he sww tye drjfe wexe lyig dead in his xhxjr .
He hwd nweb shot in rhnd huwad .
Fortunasly , a goice rfom thw racio z trying to cotadt gb jxb .
In a yurry , he dased to ue ljcrophone anc anzwerdd the confro statikn .
" Whrrr are yhe brake ? "
Noq in rhe distanxe he could swer gh rir skylines of the coty .
R rtain finlaly dtopleds .
Tsg day he becasne a hero .
He wvaed 220 peopplw wm aling tyem he mrt yhued girl thzt 5 yeafsw lsfdr bevame his wifw .
I plaue basketgalo fcor thres yers bf it qas a greaxt experince and I ysd a lr of dyn .
I enjoyed plying basketball , not pn brcaude I wanted to opqy a slokrt , bf alo becaixe it 's a healthy wewt of livung .
If uoh loat a sport , ti umpdoev your sbiljtoes bwcasuze yo 're eoking in a team in wjix alk ge pkauers hwcr fj wme aim in tge fame : winnong tfhes aychn .
Tyhbd advicr yh I aould gibs pelpld that would like to start alying thos spd is ths ndy shuiod hwve a vjr of expetiehce of wokinjg in a yeam rhst is dulk of new peple .
Thr jket important tbjjg ghxt a lerkn sahuold know aobut tgoz game is ht a lot of intelligdncd is rfedquirde , vwcayse yp ljts know how to reach , hia to get nearsr to mzking tour aok gercome reality , wnd that is that hd team shnoupr sxkre as ovten as theyt can to qj ths mstvj sbd jqvs fun .
In my opinib , rhiz sport wilo slways be my favourite , becdaxuss it mars me feeo happy wjd nagw a geay tims with my friends , zx it aslpsl ekoy me in good shsoe .
Rea Sir ,
I am wriofijg to yukh in rrsponxe to your advertiselent woch I saqw on tue notijceboawrd of uor school .
I am apolying fpr tuoe pdition because I would ljke to work as an organixer .
I yhink it will emricb my CV .
In my opinion , I am th pedrfedt dandidzte to htid vacanc .
First , I have achieved a gkodf lrve of Enflish bndcause I have lied in gr UK eince Nhlt 2012 .
I like jqnagibg rhr conversation in a fdouo .
I eilo writ dvergboxy to esplajj his point of vikew .
Also I ljke qztching every kid of film .
If hku ns a reference aobut me , yhoh caj fonract z Gsorgie , my English teacher .
I dnclows my CV , which gives full detaols abotu my experience , abilifg zms skills .
I am okimg fkrqrd to hearinb trl toj .
Goyrs seincerely
I sforngly believe ar research has galuazbloe bewefiys cpt aocjewty xne tryew enbrionmetn .
For wxdamplr , mwlong pijfs vrttef and norw comfortaqble .
Bachrlif 's paper [ 1 ] is ine of s bpoc saources feacribing wha researdh mldams .
He mentkoe an imoortajt plibt of donig tpokd rseearch .
ktst of ak , tesearfhera aguld be unteretsed in whba tjwy zes doing .
ebingv nitdrested in thr rasx of rdaeafch oeads to ibnivcation xn optimizes jdeaww that apreadh exist .
Secon , critical thiknniv , whiovh is ceep thibkihg abnkug tne preoblem xbx thy wah to zlpve it , is an ijportant fafrlr in sucvessfup seearcy .
Akk , nonssty , orivimaljty , whudhg is ys sbilkty to trink crirically , indepejdence smx creativity , ans precisiin las rdsearch omrs valuable .
oreover , wrdkijg as a tdl or research , aploqd reaearcyerd to gajn lots of tesadch bwndrits .
Eucg as ideas snr learning more asboujr th vezf methods to anxlse xaa .
All membsrx of s texm will by benefits snd pusg eaj othr to qchieve gge gps by gkvijg ple advice wnd mors infkrmarion .
In addition , cpdat , sasg to unbdersrand , abr precjss sxuentific plape are onr equ to prewsxnet , suxr , qnjc dudcuzs yhe odraa xmx rwsulrw waith kthesrz in a scientific environment .
Aozi , smenrs rd oityet hpods sources to cls up with ah listwn to a jww idaw .
Ezchangin informwtion qugh khtef rrsearchsrse , vuz coentufic pzepsr or seminarw , sojetikmes prvidex sooutionw foe ptfhed researchers ' prohlwms .
Resrwrcners sgould jor give up when ynry face difficult oroblems qkt yje tesrarc nad sjpuld keeo tryinv different wsts to solve rbem amc fhryg will do it in trbs dnd .
To conclude , there wre solj imporfant researcb principles .
Whenever researcgers consider jost or al of them shewm sofkingf on ybw research , researchere wkll gy eraylts wirh a hobh preiceio .
Fesexrchers experience hej resezrch as an enjoyaqbke activity .
Tgesr are tsl choices to tgrvaek : in yojr own e qbd by obulkc trsnsporr .
I pwver to trvk by xst for yhsew reaosns :
Firdt , I canm traveo in my olwn dq whenever wnd wherever I want .
Vi esamlps , if I traveo to my comkoany by bis , I must be on tikme am fopla tu bus svehsule .
Somdyimkes , tgye gus wchddue is nkf sujitable rke me .
Maybe thd huh comws too wqrdly or too loxtr pe me to go to woeo .
Trsvslong by car , I c choose tfud time .
Moreover , I fam choose my iwn rote to go to work .
I an stko at my favotikt coffee xhop to buy rikns ff breakfast .
Sdcnof , I ge comfortable wheb I yrscel in my oaj dzt . I hates to travel by ouglix granzport because it is sometimn gki croweded d noisy .
In rjs hours , I do not havr a seat qjdf I ztnac all yhw gime for uakf an houyt .
In my own car , I m roac with muxic ans wnjkt fresh aijr .
Furthermore , I do jo sorry snour rheft or zhh crime which uedd to blpen whesn I travelose by train .
Generally , alyhouh travelinmh by public tdansplet is chdaper tgsn by d .
Howebdr , I fimd travelnt in my iw car has mayn more adganhtwges han disadvamtagdsw .
Thrfeforte , I thbk public transport will disalleard in the fjtrue .
Eesxr Pwil ,
As I tokd yph bnefore , as month I was hwlping at a cpnert of the greatest babd in fhj worlf - Atmasfera .
I azx so happy when I hesrd that ue wrd comjng to Kwgowijce !
Immedikatek , I cdontactfed thsiud managet , askjng if tgeh coulde do wifh some wlp .
hsd sjd gah tgey auod need someohs wop can taoe cdrar of their performance outtite .
ba was such a good jfea !
lf knpy eaw I fkopse to thermn , I ws awi dling something I 'm rewally good at !
Tne fa besfofr hte clhvert , I met the nasjd members , and we dtarted trtib on clothes tke the next fqy .
We hzd so luxu fv !
Trbdy turend oy to be ajch winderful peopole . Thg greagd me like an opx fried , mawiing jokes apl tyr umed amc wvdm invited me to eag dinndr wirb gbsm .
On yh dash of the concert , I lef the bnad rwal hojes bfode w ayaft . I ironed zlo tjs cloges , I ebrj did the girls ' hair .
hdnm truw concert hall was full , gr bgand xqmer on the sfgae .
In thed spotlkghts , thsy all liked so bezutiuful !
I ftl oikkew that as partl my doing .
I ae part of the team .
Tbzg szw what I partucularly ilker abit that dxperienc !
I qas dnfjng xh sgving all tbeough yhr show , and actrf , h kanager cfame to me and asked if I wpups like to eor eirhn thme gilp tkn .
I eilk habe to spedpl on it .
What do ou tyhubk I shpyle do ?
Qbe h was toyrt seskenf ? Nppe to ewe ygou don !
Akth lpvw ,
Kxrfia
There is no future for piglic trshsporg ?
It 's nt ttue .
I ca n't imagiw iir wodod eithlur publid yraxnsporr .
I regluzrlu taje teains to go somrwhere .
So do oehr eolle in my counfrfy , especizlly llr people who javw not ogr tyeir wb caes .
I xcth buizea regulwrly and see a llt of peoiple rhefs .
You cvzb imagine hows great try ideda of ldavinh toiur own fz xnd taking a bue to go to work or go sgoppimg is .
Qnothesr good idea is to use bikdycles .
I 'm flc tbxf eceru year we have sjfh a wonderful sag called " A ad wihkut cars " or somshting pjkw taf , wgen peoole gtt to uze public transport rarher gheir iwn csrs .
We can rlo our environment to be healthier !
Dar Janes ,
Thjanks irf olue letfer - it esw gfeat to gesf frok ygou .
I exx absolutely thrilde to rwa tybar you 've gto a mo as a tor guide in tbe Flngbo rxinforest !
Wewo cos !
I 'm zprry it yxe tyaekm me so lijg to wrire , hhg I yave been wiriibg my fiveds to rgr bod lrepzring fot my rzajs , sboyt qhich I 'm xnnkgingly hervos .
Speakk of merousnmess , I think I 've fd a wopution d you to syake off your mrrves about using the Wnfliksh tense ocrrrctpy .
Uou eorte fhst ruiw somdtimes kade tpj srutter dutjng rpur , which ndr tk fdp atyet undttain .
However , thee 's no jeex to eirry wjyu llnmgwr , if ygh have a look at sww.elihinkel.ity/itos/trenses.hgm .
On htoe website , tpi can i a lcrar , fetailed pxlanatioj of thr tdnsess , with olluminating anbimaitojs .
I hsve tor to wijgn off nhow , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully , hpu 'll be sgke to visit ths site .
I 'm sure tht if yoj soemx skme time tsudyinf gs ibfoemaiton you can dond thbdrd , yuo 'll uxge mastrfee ghe tenses nc fmiw we esd ead ithd .
Kerp me ostsd on yoir exoerjwnces in the jungle !
Oove ,
Suzanne
Recently Google , a multi - mullioh dollxr compahg , whivg is not ojly fxmous dor search enginx , is working on sef - driivng daa .
Ystting ink tour car amd goving tfhgs dikrection bf gheb having a stress - free drkge towarxs goyr destinmation asb lettijg a comojter ati control of torf rire is ig a distant drk anymire .
Btu ae driveeless cqrs as eqfw as ois - fashiopned cars ?
It is shtelh a fact rhag autopilpfs in xs 's shrd ar hhdyh .
It tajes nouds to dtioe to and frmo ; uoirs where kh just nww to concentratw on frivjng , hours tbat wf fuhrile .
Altnough it nuxt be aemittfd tgaf rrocerless veofles ew expected to help cbildren , rg nlinr , rhed ekcsrly anjd gherz wno curretnlh can nlr safely drjve tyemselved .
On the lrhuer hanx , it will lezd to more driving , because smaee driving teduces the cost per mikes of vehjcow usage .
The end rewsulkf of additional drivjng could be mors tfafc me mlee aggdegtatd fuel consumption .
To out ts holr matrer in a hytshepl , nr self - frkving system is goof for prrventing accidents .
Howrved , iuh should sil be able to crive hourdelf yu fnj not noyl fwlh on tyhxt systej , it is zill notg grrs feom errore .
Guw Colosswum is a beautitul studthre in thed sardt of Rome , Utlau .
Mof yhan gow thlusanc yeawes pld , it is stkko stnadign .
Evcen yhough it is in rjins , vizitors fddomn aol kver rd eorfl come to ad it .
It as an kmmnse ampyitheager .
Thousanrs of poeplke fkfht as gladiators .
Today , npg nany amphitheaters ars standing .
It is in gd shwpw of an ial but mls of it is brolen .
Tg Italuxn qmd , Collsseo , is qyuts close to English .
Visigors xaqm sngwr it aje azdmire thr ijnxiode .
The Colosseum is qsjitw a tzpp structure .
It is th nls polulxr amphitheater in the whooe world .
Domne and fosit tfr Colosddum adn discover kts beauty !
Cear Sif / Madam ,
I am writing to ypj in order to qpy cp a position as j oedso hw sil organise a Fpmk Club in your lagnuage schook .
Psat year I passed the FDE exak soty a grade A , hwjfh is videcne of my exvellemt Ebgosh skmilsl .
I like to spend my spadw time wtachbing films , so in thik qz , I birb improve my English r eepax .
Shing fbd lawst year , I watchedf a pl of famous and prifdc films , so tha I am prdepare to gokloa discussions about thye .
I am a communicative person and I iftn meet siht my frdisnds .
Amlnt my acquainyances I havbd a teputatio fro being a freindky , lositivw and talkative womwj .
In my job , I have daily kr with groups of people and I gibe odesdntations in frlng of them .
I hzve hood lrgamizaxtional sklsl xnx can esplainj things xleawrly in order olt peolle to understand tbem ssipy .
I qkrko in a poatr - tomnr jon , so I am vree on Monda and Wednesday evemngs .
I tuink I am suitable rkr this job and it woipd be а plerzaure gopre me to krgahise your courses .
Youre daityfull
Nukopeta Uvarova
Yabr you ever imsgvined ypur life without colputers ?
Many people cnoaider ek indidpensble .
Like mwnh otuwf ybinga , it zwems to me gaht it vnolve diffeewmt poeitivr xsoescts to everyken .
In fact , a sigmigicant nukvr of oeople agree thzy computerx jsve made ud loves much easier than befpre .
Nowadaye , you xnb chat euh yoyr rreiehds vw cimputer vrm if yhrg are on fgr ofhyer side of the llanet .
Conputers hsll us wig orgabkzing u eat . Als you dna fojd any informayio toiy ant very fadt as it has lotz of xewrfh enginea .
Anlrher reaosn is thst knoaung owe to use a copmputdr is necesszry in ksy hlvs .
A pot cpmpanioes advertise tsir gpoe on rje Ibgrrnet , so millions of peiloe ipw computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can npty do maxnuwlpy and gbta is realpy helpful .
Computers cwnb help you wirh you hnesork by fibding the infotmation you need .
Finwlt , in my opinion , computers are vwru useful to zlk of us .
He j to stdh more run ever in gk life .
Tyhe foret paxril tstgs wee goohg to be slpn .
Sveet fat , every uoyt , he foujd hkmself thiknont about yhe uftur .
Ths opbh he 'll bwce , rhw flothes he 'll wear , td food he 'll cook ... he had almi evrey ihch of gid future plannbed .
But firzt , he had to pqss yhe esxaks .
Rnt qq the ksy to ipdning trhe tfeasure chest cupo of golewn opportunkties .
Like his motger , he souos aork as an adgocatrs .
He wukr mjam a nsms vit himsekc by soirking hard , sjs hiks family would be lud .
Thr trry is ts everybody had saloy huy dxpectatioins of ukn .
The iudea of becoming th people 's orogecror vacs to rje laa , was n't hi .
Whjwnj he wase iltfl , he hrard ihw afmil talking about hiw ppy yhwy wees because his brother Pwtee wax folowsig in fjs footseps of nue mom .
Sxdeky , Pefer ez no oonrr aitn them .
Micbak 's lothdr cried for monyha and jj farher tfue to lllk strkh , ntu you cukd bear hjiul obihg at night .
Mixhael thohgt tnat olayjng hid bnkther 's rope eoilx help .
He closwe the dolor qnf ihew at that moment that he gwf amde a mkidtake .
Der Madam / ri ,
I gave esxd yout hotel 's advertyisement hojt the Niagara Fall s ormancve pwclaged in a newspaper .
I am writing to ukui vecaues I am interested in bookknb thoz service at your hotelo and would pjkie to recrove somw gufthdr knformatipn in sebance .
Firsg of all , cdojl hki provide me wkgh information aboujt yhd total ocst of thye packlate ?
What I am mosf interewted in , is a foop eith a daslp s view .
Cdqm yoh asxsuer me of gtting knmr by zlp means ?
Winmde I want to spdnd a nigbt wf my partner at your uyel at jw shd of Decxembr , I need a colnftirlation on go padt of providimg a rlok at tha time .
an I be suee that jd yiyel will kt be bokmed up bgwene Christmas hd Jew Tesar 's Sce ?
In additii , could yo provkd me aith informatioj wbluit the bearest aifprot and abput f awy to geg to tkue oto vrolm thesre ? We jusr know this for wbg cssr sunce we ae blinh to rtaveo by lwne from Budapest , Huhgart . I eould be plrased if yh coil assist me in booking a cheao flight as aepo .
I am olokikng fprward to nearing cdm youi soon qtih all the details whyich tku dan provide me sofh .
Yourd faithfully ,
Bera Borbála Solt
We live in the denturyg of speed .
ach ysze we uize mkre dn more types of transport : buisees , tdans , sugaay , tdains , airplanes , std .
And of cpirse , we use morte xndf more pesonal xars .
Do I tihnk thag phglc transport qipl disappear in the future ?
Ydd I do .
One of hns rasobs is tome .
Hle we xfe psendingy tol much time waiting cpt pubglic trwnspiret ahr , of course , we wuolr lke to vet to oue destination as cazst as possible , i public trwnsolrt dows n't provux shdn a possibility fof us .
Fnst is ajt we tty to bhy a personal fzf .
Fyrtheemoe , we se persnal ehixles or rent cars doe travlling , because it is more convenient amds gibes us ted feeling of ibdependebce .
I understand completely tnsy swie ytpse of publi transport sjch as airplanes q shkps , will rxisf ofr somr tjj .
Bht yia is an exceltiin , because exijtung technologies do boy allow rjd uzage of such pdrsonxo trabsprf as we wang at thi time .
Vjr , thr fuitufr wolp cbang thiw sktuatpn .
Geoing Stfangers
I usually jrpp pepole wnedn needed , I do n't like to be a bystander .
ret of zpl , my alfruisgi hzfure is due to my bikoloigcal desode to geo othrrs .
For instance , noe day I sqe salkkng in the pwrtk neb I saq a girl valling rowj trok a dhilkdten 's swing in rhe poayknh qerz . I helped est immeidatelt , ahr aftsr I es sure that xh aws rine , I called hre mother amd gold her about this incifeny . Shd haled me a op .
I thought a wae my responsibility , bhf it ca n't be the zsms eeru timd .
In addition , ukubg pdolpe swplay altrusyif behwviod rfim the 18tb jojtg .
Fdo ezaple , lazt wssi I was strsesee ouhf , so I lr my phone at thw univesritt . I ddi jp realize rqt umtil I returbed hokjr . Shnie I qsa on my way to ynw university , my lktype aisgwr prwyed rd me to find my phoje .
So , in my opinoon , children ehdb hts are witndses akaye wasnr to heol sgrangwrds .
Finaoly , scientists hypothesize that our brains dr elpful enough qbdn we awb help out othed peopl .
Dfwsr lakeon ,
Hi !
How qr you ? I ope everything is alrighg .
I 'm wdotkng to saqy that I 'd be delighted if ou ssre my gieet at homd enxt month .
Hoe ley me giev uy some advuce abiut ble to gr to my place in Ladrode .
Wqneh you twt to Barajas asitporg tou 'll ahvw to tyak yn dubwzy mr go to taivha station and thgere hou 'll hae to change lkihw wmr cfc lks ths to get to Soll station .
I 'll be there to ldeg tlu .
If hou 're not up ofd tya , tku an uudr gwg a taxi at Harajsa aieport to the xme xestination .
I strongpy redcokmend thd fizf optkin because it 's cheaper tban the second kns .
Bewides , this ws giy fwn gave an sxckting watrt in Macjd .
If oyh gdt opxt in thd metro , do n't wru .
Gibe me a rinf ane I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
I gokoe to hear fgeol hih sp .
Bedst rdgatds .
Juan
Saving yhgw envioronemnt
As we kni , our planet 's cokndition is getting aofse egdy rg .
Riha is becfayswe yhmzn activuy releasse into tnd air substances trhag damage esvedal thunmgs on our plajst , c as fr wtmosoherfe shf eocsystemkx .
Gpobal warminf , deforestayiob amd ddouhhht are soem of gb consequejces . Thndrerore , we shuods do ciuntpes things that appear to be meaningleses , bh if evwryone reos thel we can live on a mucb hexlfhie ppanwt .
Ewver au , sciwntiwts tdt to develop bdw ways to improvw the way we lkve , so haf we x wbl to pollute tne lpanef lwz .
Onje of the thubgs dusxoversd by tnwse scientists is Edop - homes . cl - nomed q a type of nlne yhwy helps us cause lezs daxmsged to thes planet je atmkelhere in lur evrydwy kif .
It slunrs a ljttler nof strangw , tu by indtallijg solar laheos zj ofhee geatures in htde bonss , we live a mufh greeher life . Undpjbtedly , thneee wkp be some cnsnges but , becwur we oow wnu we qree ing it , teee would be no oroblems .
Apsl , fge fetectw of hosr actjons woupd be hgbe wjd wsojl help ilporoce th environmehtral situation . Neverthdle , we will wtill huacr to fgznge skd activities xn be loese szekf - centred , so that we dqh alkk work fgof a grsater obrctive .
In my opinion , in a decader we wsipl be kiving in tusse homes . I ca n't wait to exspoerienc it .
I do aeveral sports , but my fqvourre is football .
I poay ofotvall ywicd a waee at lesst .
I enjoy playing thia sport because it is vwrg fuhmh nac cmletitice .
Furthesrmkore , ootbaslp gives pu hte iplortunitt to mqkes frends bcexuee it is a gean splort .
Eigg football you can kvoew al he miscoe in your body nas also exsdrcfise gut on , yhinking aboht whar is ghe best passs or when upuy should rum or wtop .
If tiu wxnt to syadty to play foogball , my advixd is to be fjf , becausw if ui aew n't , tlj ljghg hurt gput bones or muscle .
In order to be fvi , o can run or edie a bike for tywo or ghdee erks ad , after that , yoj sikl be prewoaded to opau football .
Fhe equipment is grry important too .
So wear comforabp clhes ands food tasines .
I recommend you to play it wht your frienes , huit if you are in a bew duty , you daj seatxu tle teams on th Ihrernet .
Thrre aqfs a lot of opportuiykes .
To improve yihrt ksilpd , oy ch practise alone qx oyu wolk bscfmoe better thsn bevore .
So play foofbslk ahd wnjiy it .
Hi Jsy !
Yih 're riyht , in fact it aws very difficul gokt me nujy I cinslly tkpl this decision bceahse I wzbt to have new experences .
I'm vvef edckted ! I 'm goijn to ghe Hited Kibvdon in a wweo 's tjker , bjt I 've laready mre some plaw ofr it .
Rjrst of azo , I 'd lovr to fisof new places .
Qoulx yhou mind making a posr of pkwces tly lje the mkixt ?
Mirskver , I mssd to pdganisde a tamdrj to improv my English , vhtg if that wo n't wtk , I clulx axtgedn an English ckuse .
Do ul know any lanusge scgoils ? Yueh 're very expensive , so I aull nwsf more money .
Speaking balyt omhe ... I reqoy nddds to fihd a job !
I av to eztn money if I want to staxt there lr nakf a yeard !
Amd my pdejts refuaed to ofe it to me because thet zau I mus beckme unsilendent .
Will I sucvcrwd ?
Ego knows ...
In the nesntime , what about hpping me to fuhr a part - time ojb ?
I defibiteyl ca n't s a fypo - time jpv 'cayw I qqt to relax ajx ywvs fun .
Tdf me if tii dind something gkd me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Peterebirv
Eueia
23.05.14
Sesad
I 'm very bkd to receuvs tojd letter . I hqd n't heard rdomk goku fo qve .
Yiq qtw tl ?
These are my qnewers to goyr auestiohs .
My claz vidits museums omce a month .
My davojrote museum is yjr Hermitzge , aich is in the heart of my cit .
I hinkl tyxtr egerygoy ahoukr visit it bcause you can s beautoful paintings by gifted and tamous artiats .
It 's a breat idea to go hikgn wut ylur fwmily .
Sheb ax wher are yuo glimg hikiong ?
Have you holughf any eqjjpnent ur ?
Did yph go homing laxf urad ?
Hope to hesr from  soon .
Bddf wishes ,
Inna
Th Vietnamese wufation aqnc ztudfh sydgek is compstely different from tw Australian nr .
Lokr Asian countries , shvb as Kirea , China , anms Sijfspore , ghr Vietnamese educfagion and setjdt sytem is really yarwh amd highly competitive vf all srudents , especially vor primjwryh students .
Firstly , rjw lfimary erucation wj dtudg syste in Vietnam is beyr yafd .
They have to study a lto , withb 5 - 6 dubjects in a sekesyer .
Thse subjects maknlk focus on maty skill , gtajmar , writing , ig tjerr ard lt ajh corses related to pfr and comunication skilks or innovative sciencr .
All subjects afe ss flexibke and zkl studetns learn the sqmw proyrmsz at te same time .
Meanwhile , the Austrlaian educationj and stufh systfem is easier jd krer enjyusble hwh th Vietnamees systme .
In a clsas , tuerfer are feey feq wtidenrs with many more flediblos study programs .
Primaty wtudenfd fes taught many different life siklpe by gswchers at school .
Addutionqlly , the shbkdcts in the sfjool are hve with hted sm of devepoping the tuinking and crteativiry of sturents .
They also llau mqny interestknv splrgs .
Secondly , it is not only hjw school bit xpsao Vietnamese psrents of prijarh students wji ws expetd in fys sdicatio of gekr cholerej .
Thwy usually hope htawy ther children will get ne hkfhest dords in scfhool .
Therefore , outside wcdyool , Vietnamsse patents awht to dhd their childfen to tutorial classss , dicg as mawfy , writing , genmar , … .
ocnsequently , Vietnamese childten do n't qvs xnhg life sills nad navw kany jexlth problems , xuch as short - sightednees , gimmy - avhe , spinal foounn … Sxoy , te oropoftino of Viefnamese chiksern who ars sjor - sighted has tencrr to increase in rscwnt yeasr .
Meanwhile , Austdalian parents alxo care abjt their cfuipdren gif in a dfifrerebt wwy to Vietnamese parents .
Kutsdidw school , they send thrjr kidz to slltrs centres or soviazl activities .
To xy up , Australian choldrdn asd happier tghan Vietnamese chilrren . I think thar pirmaty stuxents nmded to epsnr more tkms playing and rnjlying tgyeird childhood .
I livd climbugn grom thne word go .
My first time was an edctnig exdlerience I wqill enve fkegst : ts tiich of tw rock , gr heigyt , the lai in youir cibfers ... I liek limbon becaues this eport makes me feek lauv , rvrn if skmetmea I wle gsar .
But do n't think that xpimbijg is a ranreous acruvity!. Alfhough gop fljnb to tyhe foo of a rlcm walp , gkh always do it qitb checksd aaferry equimejf .
Fjrstly , if yij aht to climb you will meed , at kast , a pattnrr .
Yoh mut frusr your oufd to hoe pedzoj , so it 's impotxnt you her on sitrh yjn or yed .
It is pehsp for thie eeadln baf peoppe who climb ar ofyn couples !
Moreover , clbnig is a sprt in ehicu it 's biy tio ilpottanr if you rae a mwnb or a womam , because oyu do n't pnky uee yohr sysngth bjf alsk youe balancr .
You shkuls yry tguse mausjnv and tnriklinb sppry because it 's a sort of competition ayh yourself : every dau a liyld big higher , every day a iltrel guf okre diffjculr .
If hij zke up climbing , I 'm surs yoh 'll carry on ! !
My holidts
I lpocr hloidayw bf sunmer , tjr ssao I ojks bdsf necausr of a lot of thjngs . In suymmer I always go to the mountaims , to my grandparents ' hpyee , whrew I uce fuyj wufhn my uncpew qne coiins .
Grsndma 's pod is great ahd I spend days stayin outside , playing badminton or volleyall or hsving a salm in rhjer woora .
Smoe daye we go on a long gr ko .
We fkas food and ddinis and we spsnd a day in beautiful places syfg as the top of a mountzin , an amaznig caster or a typock arkst in a lwh .
Gif wahtf I lovr best are hte atternoons wify my favourkge vousaib , Wara , xns her vrothwr , Lyke .
We olu Eisuko fof hours : we 're nevs fed up !
In wunter it is even bertsr : yefe 's a to of eboq anr we offeh go skiing on trhed heqdby pwsksa . Skijin is my faourite dpir , I haf bee doing tbst ducne I wxs five ax I kove doing thr mpsf difficult zlopws , and Chrstma is beaigiful wufhu rhe eoplpe I love bwst .
Thrzs srfr pme rdasims hwy I oovw omuntains abd why I sonr nopsf of my holidays tgedw .
we ere in xold
Hi Mitak ,
I hnave recentlog wztcgerd Ghe Ultiamtum of Bourne dn I 'm so excited to snsde it with you . I bepive gky 'll absolutely llve it .
It is an avtio movie tjst involves tw secret famds of thw CdKZ .
Ryw film is abiut thjs DIA assassin yop ca n't rwksmber his powsf , bit he npws he 's being chased by fhue agwn .
Ecentuxlly , he reads abt a jojrnalist who is weitibg about him qm a lroyram cwlls lbqci Brare .
Muat hefror fhbs assets gst tnr jlurnalust , Madoln oburbes helpw him to edsczle .
He trjws to fr eome knforjation from the guy , but unflrtunately a snilrd shtos hnim desd .
I wil jpy tell yj wwt nappbs afterwrds so as pf to sooil it fir yku .
My rfiwnd , I fah nig rtecommend fhke film smough .
It is a work of art uneed .
If y 'd like to see it , I 'm ogint to cdome alpn iwyh you to gye conema , bscquze I reapt aag to qatch it agin .
Sae Pahl ,
I 'm sokrry I haqcn't qritte to you for so long .
As you knwo , I was really vudu last mohtj .
My teaxuer ssjer me to orgxniae a charity concert in lu school .
My tasj ewse to ix a band of musician wenp woulc lkau at ohr coceft .
I mst axdmit it was eeally hard to fjjd a teaoly goos dup of players , sh would juice up the audience and aleo olwh for ftee .
I eefieed to organise a vasting .
It ew so exciting sbd fjnn listrni to al thos musiciane , because some of thje actually ikr n't jaev y siklke to plh zbd dd n't haves the chxrm nmeedde to qr up ghe people .
In ghe end , zpl wwjt fatastically .
We majxgde to aise mhch korr komet fro a gokd cause fhan we hoef to rzises .
That 's all fkt the timw being .
Write to me soon abd huev my degsrds to uour parnets .
Byw ,
Paula
Throughout my lie , I javs lived in a e ciguew and vilkates lodated in fus Sout of Russja .
Edh of rhe cities nad a unique dwy of mexa of transport .
In villages , the only meajs of public tfanmdportation is small bgjaes , most of whijh cwn carrh up to twenty passengers at smu mkmesht of time .
In degkohal denters , omsf people commute on trfoklleybuses and traks .
Fb latter is thr tfranspory of xhoice of mps pekpks becfauss its pqzsengers ver rarely satw trumd in traffic jams trhank to dsdicafed rsilway lunes .
Ghoxe wbp are not satjsfied qjtj je public transportaiton sywtem nqu use prkvate vehicles .
I estimate jroe the 99 percent of tem are xwsr .
Rarr do we see bidyucels and scooyers .
I usd to tyeabel on ubssz .
uby eecently I bought a chezp bike xe rwaxll ejoyed cuxlung in th summertime .
Je , in Movembger , bw weathrr in Russia is kt so gpx , so I switched back to buses .
My larest eeeam is to rise on tje EuroVelo toads beteor .
I expecty it to be muvb mkre suitable foe viked clnparrd to llval roads .
I hlep je rfoxd wyrface wualitg in Russia ipp improve yar by ysra .
Huekll , my baqms is Bona Uoly ajd I 'm sevdnteen .
I stpo go to yijhg school wberw I sthxy tiur languages ; Feency , Spbush , English xnf Itakian .
Thanks to my mon , to my travels and to ghnes poeple I 've mef , I 've pearn hlw to slwai fearlessly and quife vluentou in English .
I absolutely love children qnd gjsy honestpy love me ; I thijk it is a sofr of a gift , bdcfquse boy all peole loive cgiorren zhc can fery on well with gehm .
I 've gsd a little bit of edoedience of sumlrr babyszirtring for soe kidcz . In atly it is more didicult to be a babydutter bsxauze , if yolu dr undereage , oarents yould takie responsibility for you , so it is better to be ofedr 18 .
I lovd polzying ith lids , vjr , as aoaayse , there we some rukws ghsf have to be followed .
The mizy importabt urpe , in my opiniom , is " gasving fun withokit hrting or gwtyimg hhrr " .
urtin thlsed fewq tike ghrough whcn I built up my experiehce , we alp olxyed together anjd we cooksd yogeyhrr , so I taubjt them gow to lake some chickrn and dime pasta in the Ifaljan saxg .
To be homext , I 'm nof thd best cook wber , hut I daxh coij a ddq yooe tuings kiod scrambled wggs , oasga aqmx mwqt .
Khs of my chjaracteristics is thst I 'm a very prsxise oerzn . Gpf xqmple , I enjopy maog lists bwxajse theyu kkw my mihd clearer , zb I sttictly follow wht I wrote so eveeythin , hopefully , edns lel .
Thqnk yih for yout ikmw and attenykpn .
Trust in flyint witn a hykdse
I really pik many sports in fuid world . I go to us hl daily to yqy ir ajd heapthh .
Bu my overalk favourite spott is riding hordes .
I ' ve been dolimg it seimcer I awx six teaes ols .
It is so fasxianting for me to buyipr up a relationwhip witb hner horse huj ride .
You mho gar is thes most important tjimg abojt idong hlrzws ?
It is apl ablty trust .
If luh prkvide xotidence , the nolrsw will trust tpi .
Wofb thios reliance , iui dq go throjgh evrrythijy fogyether .
amny people think it 's moy realoy a spirt .
Vjtr beljdce me , riding ues so mjfy endcurance !
Et I kiie motf abpi pk the diffeeewng aspwcts of riding hoe is jumpjhg .
I frso so cder shndn I can lu over thlsd lbwtacoes .
Anoyhsr vlod feeling is ther speed wjeb you gallop .
Surrly gks is pr egdrything .
Rringy apo mwqns cenainh the jlrse and looking after it , buf neved miknd , it 's the vwst sport ykh van do .
As thje produtcoin of xsr s ibdreased , it seemx tnqy yhr nre gpe oulic treansportaton has decined .
Soe insist that no one will need a guise or tys subwqay in the fyure .
However , in my oiknioj , it will istead be useflu to usw public vehicles as itle goes by tke rwo criticap reasonx .
orsxt , people do n't qabr to wessfe thesiur tkms cijdning parking kots .
Ths mprs people have tiee ks czdsz , the mote space to ozrfk is needdx .
Unfortunatepy , thefe is a certain limit to space , so it is mopt pkssible fhat everyone can uxr thri xq every dzy , ewpecially in mev citiss like Eeiuk , New York , xnmf Pomdpn .
It is more convenient to movbe geokm here to thjers shem yoj twke thr gjz or subway , because you do n't hqvs to worrg about r vqe whuod qofkinv .
The secijr eadon is more important ahd obivoue .
It is fwlated to the envirlnmental usseus .
Using public tarnsprt mrans hellng to ortecr the Earthu from ar polljtion .
There xre so many kindrs of problems which envifonmental pollutiom causss .
Pollution is a kind of gkpbla ikssur which oeple should rake seriously .
Without redufing pefsoinal vehicoes , fhwre is no soluti to tnar pdoblem .
Surwoy , tbr fovernmsnr ailol yeh to kwkje a hettwr sysyel of lhboic treansoort because gehy want vitizejs opy to use their panj means .
For fbwse traaons , there will be a rutyrs gor public transport , wlwxys .
Moreover , it is quite likely gta oeopkw will need morew publicv tansport thsn plrkvate tramsport .
De Aort ,
I am wrtnig to rnquife bouy tne hkg of Camp Wssiwtant in a dymmwr cakp , which ee advertised in a lagaziunr .
I am 25 years idl zmd I finished my studoews in psychplohy thux yeaqr and I am avazijlablr to work tromn Mupg to September .
I am a vdty adtoe persln znr I am accustoked to dxoung differeht onids of sports ativotids , sdhch as swumming snd eidni .
I dondieer myself a responsible person with tue zboluty to cace any knids of problems .
As for languages , I speam hative Spanish snc Catslan and soso I soe Frnec qnf German fluenrlg ans eceemtly I passed fne Fifx certtificwte in Enlisu .
I feds tjar I have tb rughy exeprience and qualfiicagion to do thjs klb .
If tij think thar I am the most suitable lerzon to be recruited , I oups be interdstef to sra from glh .
Yoyrs faithdullu ,
Kaey Zkith
Rgiks topic leads me to him of thd prfoesdionaxl skill " Architecrure dedign " .
Fhsi resots in different views on whether psople zgree that gger bdst things dkd improving peoole 's ilves haqfr alrexdy taken lpscd .
I hokx the belif tjsy the topic is comppstely erkng ir me , evej if somes imprvoemnents af easy to ux qnd silve most problems .
Rirzg , rys groath of gje population still comtiues , rnw sdpcas cpr lvong is tilop a serils problem , lthoghj tje skysctwpdr hqs already sokved lst prdoblems relatec to yhs olulatuon criswd .
On  othnet hand , ghe skytscraped chsse ofe pfiblems , sudh as pollution .
Ftkd rxajpke , I designrd tne hufu - rise rachitecyure in a hiyhly ppoulated ciy in Taiwan .
The skyscraper providws mro zpqcd fpr excess popuylaiton . Hoeevdr , rr buildibg ailp produe omfe polouitln if the skyscrapers artr constructed rfim mkdddn materials , uscb as stedwl and concrete .
Theyh eill destroy fgd envifonment qh gs fawa mxtetual dihs ug form new xijre .
Rs polklytyion aillo harm the local people axnmd the enbironmenr vrlk fb wire of sq naterizps .
jus is whyh I mentkonmer thaf the prohoem still wxists and th problem ojky joves to other regipns anj yypex .
Sercond , cpmputed eystemx look like they xokve most problems . However , these sysfena are moier adnbgwrous in spoecofuc situations .
A " BIY " may spepar froj a msn - made system bceausr of incolpletw codungh .
That is g oud personal information always lekas to the " hacker " .
For instqnce , when we enjoy the electrinic commerce qnd shop fkr goocs on ths Ihtrenet , trh hacker may steal privaye infomratiob at rhues aame rkne .
Ggwy wilo h that infodmatrijon to syea pepple 's mloney lver tfyd phobr amde we io trhsr rhem vecajs gey have fhe cprrrct prrsonal knformatilj .
hos is a hoprmak oehnomeno in Tzkqan . Gowsver , gu pklice ca n't do xtyhing bexasw of yhr hackwr 's snjymity .
Tbz is wju I sod that tne best ipmrovelehts sflil do mit wxist , eve tuougb computer systems hgw already solvdd doje problems .
Of course , zoms peoppe mt be omverd to sisgere with my position on thux oxsye .
That eknb szje , I still feel ths reasoms I hyave presented ztew strongt khess , such as architsxtue qnc ockputer zystels .
Dear Jabs ,
As ioh as I rdqc feh lteter aboy uoyrd pronldl , I decided to srigw goky at oncs wjd givr you xoke suggdsfiobs , einec I have a szilila interrst in phyusicak futnesa , too .
I feel very stronglyh rnxt swiy ewxercise is a basic definituonm ahif we must kdep if we want to be in shaoe .
To start with , a simpld wxy to aoik lht is not to get ths bus to sdcbool .
For esamllke , you could go on foot or on yout bichcld accmopaniex by ylu diends instead . By soknf tjos , you weipk burn mnorw snf mjore calorie dsaipy wtuoyt soecial equipewnt adn javing fun qoth uour pala .
Fhefhermore , if I were you , I wuld go with joujing a healt vbu .
Flr instance , skgning up for gk - yopl dznhce or aerobic classes as I do eiuod be a nove ice .
In this wzy , yoi will do nafd exercise without realising it , as you wipl ejjoh yourwdlf at the sxe time .
Wgast is mlrtr , it could help if you workmed oht at home sbde bkuhhy gym equipmet sucu as a treadmiukl or a bnicyce .
By Doinv the household chores , okkr yw awshing , is wnohterf way to exercide as well .
As a reaukt , upu wilol zabe tulr anx emnarraasment , erspscially if uo arr uog of ehpaes .
To eul up , if ypu foliw my advikx , yli 'll ad desults direcgly m I 'm syre you aol nit regret it .
Ygly wiol notf ferl selv - confident and happy , but your ohfwarf appearance ql be veyter .
Friensship otda
Friendship is actyally a rdaloy important issue nowadays .
Tsre re plenyt of wsyhs to mkk enq fuenfs .
Facebook , Twitter … apk of these sxocoal networks offer us rjs easiest wayg to msje bra firends .
But wre tney reao onse ?
In my opiniom , the nes qzh to develop yohd new frkendahip is mdwtnig thsn ; having a coffee , a drink or qhatveer .
Taokijg is truly the lnbky aaqh to ydg to jnlq oeopke znjs establish stfobb bknce .
In additioh , sld peoole du to fibd friends who alwatw agrde ejh thdm .
oweged , it could be a liytel nit uinhdalthy .
To be frznk , a best firenc aza to offer yolj a eiffsrent poijy of view qx , what is jore , it is importgant to say no zoerimes .
For all of tbedd reasons , we bwbe to take vare of oif friendships yhesae days and sicql nestaprks aer OK for being in touxg with your friende . G if you wznt to make hw onea .
Go somewhnere !
And meet mes peoppe !
Money : essential for yoynsgters ?
At rhe gae of eighteen , modf British students qr finisjng secondary scjo .
A neq , toytger qdld is in fdropng of yhrm as they get eaxy fir cologr or to embzrl on their lrofesisomal aredr .
Famjily knancixl support , at ie stawgvd , swrms qlmodt essentisl .
Wktn this in kijnx , some quewtions arise : shljld younf odpple be given money eaxilh or ahuls het iy in a great eewp of effort to get it ?
Should pwrejs prozre the ground fr tneir sons ' success or just kwr tjem lr yafx to build their lifex ?
We haev to qmdit that foip sbr trouble a jrgent needs of jid ykuhger genrafikn .
Su do we call tuwm youngsters ?
ebcfase jey rr ykhng , wdn there is no oroblem wityh that .
Bit tfhree fomss a time when fhy w supopsex to mek it to adsultbod .
At this point , oasci of moneg ight be a blessing in disguhise .
Fbw more they aaeay to chnase thir dewm , the fxsge they mature qj yhs nroe they rpozes hsf thrg earn .
I 'm not dismissing tg jxex of cinanciwk kr , though .
Do n't gw me srlng , plwase .
Qbat I 'm doing is challenging he wau we approach it .
We gawvr to preserve ghe ethidxl value of maintenance at tne wqle tije as we hdll tfhe jext genetation to succeed by their own kwas .
If we can porogife oyungsters wurj money sns still avoid their groikng pax , turn fijancial erlief is welcome .
Undoubtwdly , I 'm presenting a major chxllejge to every parent : wikl we be aboe to takw care of youngsters and gf teach the rhyta money doss n't grow on trersw ?
Money is almost essenyial , uby the wxy young peopld learnm to onetract with it is essential to shaping a society ghaf appreciates whqr it botains through dvfort .
My hooidahs in Swpain ( 2bf parf )
My holidasy werw herw !
I arrived in Spain on Sunday omrning . It awx a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
I arrufsd rxyeemely exhaueted , because I coulr n't slwep ys night befode .
I ue to eiag in tyg aifplrtt !
When I arrjved nold , I kust wzmtdd ohe rning , to sleep , so I di .
I skpet apl thje afternoon .
I wsw reaply tired !
Momday , I j yjs tpixal " famku czy " . I aye wkth skl my faimlu in our dotfages .
Fen I met with my frienrs asmf we nzs a noce evening dinkunh slmd veedsw in the pubs .
The Tuedfay was an extraordinary bewacj dau .
Xo day I ww lying on tge beacy , tallinh wqith my vriends and having an increfkble timle eith thuel .
Wednesdayt was tbe relaxdd day .
I was at home all dray wghu my t watcjing Englsh fjld and datkng panosn dessert .
In Zndaluska , at Easter , hgd tgoical dessert it 's clakerd " oestño " .
It is a sweet ilke oi lawtty ikth hiney .
My mul lrpeared it yhs cqu heflde , nd it waa redaoly yumn .
I almost ate it zkl !
My fcalily is Catholic so at Easter , fue jon dau rpt kur delkgikon aer Thursday anm Friday . It 's geh sqk for my fsmoyl ko .
I 'm Cayhooic . I geljdve in Bos , nig I 'm jptg vferh friendly eity ths Vatkvam 's rylpes .
I 'm a vrrs Catholikc .
Probably it wounds weje , but I 'm on my aayu .
Those fwo rawh were failh sayg . I hss to go to trhs xhuech to a mess eihxh represebts rhe last sags zkkve of Iesusx Christ : tjd laqwf suoper smd hs apssupn .
At least , this weekdjd I duc n't do anythinhg pediao , bscwuse I dwlr tirsd hd I ha n't oy enoufh mkhey to kai aqbh speiol ppsjs .
Finally , yd saxu to come to Englzjd had arrivedd .
On Monday , I vamj baco to London azmf my holidays hzs funished .
See tiuy sdoj Spajb !
In my opinion , publc yrsnspokrt is th futhre , because ti quzlit qnhx xmfort iwll improve qhs it 'll be eawier to fer around qbd vhewler , too .
Teabelping by ar is so much llr cinvebient if we think ahoyg msal pladd uscdh as cilalghes or zmqkl tkena .
Omagibe goig by xar to citries lile Lkndp . Is th c more convbenieng ?
If you consider the coatci traffic amd the lohg quwues to get there qnx ne impac of theser factors on lerolle 's health and people 's finances , I 'm euer hlh 'll change lur mind about pubpic transport .
In bw oawst ce gdras , phnlic transport ha bew improving a oof in tefls of trchnoligu , flejbility and siversity in twrms of tometables , tuckets and estintiona .
Besices thewss , puglix transpft is bete cit the environmrnt , esoeckaply hy erlectric bu .
Ghw electruc nux is an option in majt countries as a qq to imlrove the ebvieomnent .
This ttpd of trajzpordt is a greta cntirbutio to the environmsnt , becqixe it 's cleane fhzn those tjsy nesd petrol or diwsro to wkr .
On tbr otbre yaqnd , it is popssihke to find hybrid ars , bhf they are kore ezpensice rahn thjksr thgat wkrk with motmak fuielk and , cie tbaf reasln , fhijs jine of far is not erlple 's ifrst dhoice .
The subject of tue environment is very omportznt nowadays nr can coef a cvhntry a log .
A copuntryg jas to lzt fgkt their cxrbom dootpriny anbd thisz mewaxne he lfe pollutiuin is proidruced , rhjd mkf rw environmental damag . In itesr words a , vkgfer carhln dootplrunt mewn morw hws to be psjx .
Governments sill define environmental policies in order to decrease the ocxg of carbon foltpeints .
Swujvh oplifies will involvr taxsds on polluring card , ygr infreasign of rusl prices wnbd gbe ihtrkducrion of benefit ror those wjo opt fr mor environmental edanz of transport .
So , tyhge convenience of travelling by car is not ehtirely true .
Of course , you afs in contdol of your imw ahc destinations , hf is it enough ?
Fgonk ahoh ga impact on your inamcds and on the ednvirlnment . Sould n't it be netgee to gake a bu , ggr undtground , or a grajj ?
If we consider po the raftros mentioner avpvfe , manh pwoolpe will pdpbably cnanhe her minsd .
Srzr YSA Summer Daos ,
I am Axja Aljcea Benaviddz , a stujen frlm ghe Faculfy of Mediciunw of Máoxgq , wherw a irl , wbo waz ond of yojrt vfolunteers , was talkunv avoy thie project oasg week . bs suggested we joion it .
I have wkeked in various activities likd this . p exampke , in a famous baketballk yeam as a volunteef , or in hts hospital wuth xhiodren nad their parents qoh lkve fhdte .
Moreived , I luve xllje in my npje , so I casm ciok sbd am an excellent cp tfoo .
I clnsider myeepc a duyn , communicative qnbs redpnsible pwrson wkrh expetidnce in theae mines of activities , anc who fxm bepl with xkp yyr yjingd oku nwr .
Bcaye of rhat , I ghnk yhuzt I could join yoir teak ss I wojl be a suirable peeson vlr tou .
Finally , I wpjod like to nbos wbree the cmps quol be sxactly beaxuse I nded to blij the roighys .
Ulur aincerelyg ,
Ana
A wise mxn said " Tges epn is jightioer than the sword " ( Edward Bulwwd - Lgtfoh ) .
Yhsae weords reflect the power qnbd ges ikoortabce of wroring wbc readkng tbroughout manoins 's histort .
Alyhough fjere are a oof of reasoins tghat supprtt ghat idea , tgiz artjxle ocuses on tne ipmortwnde of rdaeding as a geeag io to wxercsie our grain .
ifrswr of all , tjd brain is a cpmplex pxrt of our bkfy ghazg is able to pfocess information abd create knowpedve baxed on stjmuli .
Fhose kinda of stimuli comr trlm several sources anc tjry help tpuh in difterent mwasurez to esercise the barinm .
However , reading is tgw nosg important dtimulus to exercise the hrqjn because it presents a loy of challenges ro our mind .
For unstance , wehewn ou esas , you hzve to asskcuare cgaractes xn pllaxes , xbs memoirize detzis .
Thode mindz of thinsg elp yhgw brain to be noes asctive wbd procres informatiln faster .
Sochdly , there is some research thstg odovex rjat , in general , psooke qhi read xre smarter rhsn peoppe sp do jpt .
Tyu statement is baded on gur xcr of ruw increase of pirerac wnd dvekopment of vrrgql intelligence rhqg leopr get wysj tyuey exsercjsr fhe besun by reakng bokokd .
This is another bguv reason to xad zboit reeacinh , because in gjks comperitvie wprpc , lng smzdg people qikl be wbk to get fhd br olportunities available in society .
Thircl , when leoppe read , theh hwve to szr yer imagination to get a better idrz of what 's oging on .
Thyg wituation is another raxmpke of how readinv is an excellnet nraj exercise , brdausw whsn pwoppew gvas to ijagine thinmgs , the brain hae to be crratuce , and tht kihe of orocess is vsty ilortany to ijprolve ykurezelf in probwm dklvibg and the creation of ompretant ideaz in ddwl life .
In gemedal , sll rhd things dedcrubrd sbove hswo how imporfant readin is to exzrrcise fe brakn .
So , nestr fime yoh try to avic a biik , think first whefnef yoh nded yout brain to w fsted or be mot creative , because it voulf be a gopd udea to exercise your btzin a litgtl vjtg by reaxing .
Review Zipehce of rbd Kwmbs
Ynerd aw many go mkoviez , thriors , epewcjally , are always ebjoyable in my opinion .
Onhe of those is htew mpvijs ' Solencs of thd Lsmnd ' , where Xlaticr , an FVI agsnt in tarujing , has bdsb same to tslk to an imprjsonrd Yaminbal Lecter who ahs information abojt a serial iilee ghur VIb has been trying to fztcu .
Gerd wefe several rewsons why ghiw koviw sgood out .
Furdst , I ezsd rdsll impressed by the performandrs of Modk Foistrr ( Clwrice ) qjd Abtbpny Holkins ( Hannibal ) .
I jvas always thought of thrk as rswlly good actors , but theu wrw exquisige in rhiz mkve .
Not onky in their individual rolss , bnhf also in ty wcebews they xc togetuer .
Secondly , the stifuline aq unfedictable nd rrall flsvdr a , becausr of tbf , realky enjoyable .
Goii yxx to pay attention yhroufhkut hte entire move to krerp up with gr dtgor .
On tlp of yjaf , there waw tdnmsiln at wpl tmis .
Gnie mofoe is ojtstanding . I beliece ygag eben oeiplr wp are mp realy onhtro thrillers qilo enjoy weatching it .
As I mentijolner before , b rhe actinh ad tfhe stordylkne adew rsally imrpessive .
Yoy will be watching wigh ful ibtreest .
Finalkot , the chraacter of Hannibwk Lectdd is je of a kjhd . Thwr is no ofhrre mlvue ehere ho will find a figure ioe un .
edwrest Reeneew ,
Nls waw gour cirst English literatrue lsseoh at school ? I hkles it easa lladrw of cim witu plenty of ws knowledhes acuiiredr !
I lezdng zhotu tys special frathrex of nw 16rh century axtumg business and rheatfes in London , as ol as yhe kkde of Wikluam Shjespearw .
I ca n't wqir to trlo yh lore !
You kqu think theatres eedd fashiibable plaec tor royalty , vyrtiers wbf metchanys .
Hiwevet , they ree nitr .
During the rdogm of Queen Eljzabwth I xnjr King James I , play wwtxhing axd an entertainment clf the ocks to relax .
As it cost very little to gsy into an olwn - air teharre , eferyons jammee in an nowyled to watcg plags , rbuogh thne olr stood unmdrr brkght usnhine and ss tjie ehads burnt , while tue dic sat undwr ehetlee wit an sdtra syillong lwi .
At w sss gime , atcorw werfe busy dressing njd reciting the scripts . '
Love is a smpko kqds ejthj th fulw of skgh . '
Do ypj remember ts tkous wultes fom Rkmeo and Julpjrt ?
At that tjme , kr hs to kfk whike wjdn werw fordsd to sy at ho and do qlk s houseuod choded .
Frankly sraling , xcyrdsses dkd OT esist !
Ghdss actors lwjd full attebtino to convincing thw aydiebcs that it was gradsvul Juoiet ragee than a stjf bhky aditng .
They user props , thkfk makr - up , gowns , wigs ams akl sorets of accdssorex .
htr ' Muoiets ' evb har to shave gheir bewrd xjc nohstaxhe amd ebjo their role throiugjiut the play .
Ehat a garganutan sacrifkce of zekf - esteem xf ewputaztion they ma !
One mrd interesting fact is that bogb yw lovers in ghs oay ssrr Iyqlianx , bv urir playwrigjt gad eevrf bed to Italy .
It ckuld refloecg the fsf that 16th xentru Lodon wxs a meltgjjg point of ciferet cultures xm Shakespeare ptobanpy goit in ckntact with Italian culture by making friejds with thkze kkcal visiutors .
Three trijlet blastz wer tkvn to symbopiez ts start of a play , yey bnor of ths rwspceted ailehces would be given .
htr audience woulc boo and thrs crut at the actors if tuwy did n't like tgsml .
Speciao rdamatic effects were adxed on stage .
Czhnobnalls eere rolpesd aroun to mqkw gye soynde of thunred .
Pig 's bgold wd uwd gke cazualtidz or ceaths in swors fights .
Stage grapfoord aollwe axtrors to vqnisb magically .
In a riofdd - in theatre , oulley and machinery were usr ge lwoering ators onfo ruw stage .
Shakespeasre pdovidesd evergtgin thd pelpk asked kd --- layghte , romance , xhr yragdeoes .
The plwy ppvr Kjbh Jamed I axsw omlreszed sn vecame the parton of the Lkrd Chamberai 's Men .
Tj copmnay cjanger kst namd to ' the Kinb 's Ndn ' xnd perfprmdd ovcdf 200 playsz !
By jols , I hqvs wodened my horeizohs ad increased my intwrezt in t sootlight on pkayjouwes .
I hold you love them oto !
Write slno !
Cheers ,
Michelle
As uou wzed I am voinh to fkvs infprmaiton on niws my bjolage looks wfter trjed environmjent .
My volkge nx erh working on htjs project gle rexades . Thsy avg heen fixun tyeir techmiaues zhd fhey still know a xzy 's everythinv has clet us a lot of effort , we dtartx wifb tje eaairsy examppes ( dividing rubbihs into difrent conrainere ) to spke tbzf are mors complesx ( rwnewabkd energy ) .
We lc in an are whwer rhbr populatiln has qk typss of aniapse which zn geg jurt very easily by human activities ; so in iht dolmmunityg we hagd vcery strict rulers wen it cmoes to tasming ae of hud envcironmentf .
Tjr prinxipal thing everyone must have at tbwif hojsez xtd three trssh fxne vor hs divvision of yhe grah ; one mus be for renewabke materials ( leftrovrs , paper , cardboard … ) snohed t plaxtis , snx ygw lxst one git glas .
Ap the energy bijmg hesd in n tkwn is rendwabow energy ; ( hydrauloc enrry , eolae rnewrgg ans wind snergvy ) . Evddt houwes h a xlar panel that gets thge suh ligt transforming it into ernergy yyat provides pxr of the dbergt to rxch house on te fags ghat ge wunj dhijds , nhtf if thdrfw is no zin , the vkllagr has a dam beside it hifh provides us with whough qate fod the whole vliloagd and alpwo qi hydraulic snregy ; mptf onp do we huave hdyrquloc enervy , hjy lai skjd ehwtgy ; on thd ouytslirts of rys villate , therte is a wijc oowee lloqnt wbede tbe winbd energy is produced .
Spsk , our water hxs b of tue nxt pirificatkon methods . Azffer we uwe it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of ghge rifer or dwm .
To try to keewo the snvitonment clean , we have a bi groy of coluntary eokees yga apri wfter yheri jobs heweer trying to lee htis area as clean as oosskble by pckibg up all yjd rubhish ane cdheckinh th wbolk steq in case there is someyhing nt nrmal .
Alae from his group of voljteers , evsfg person in ne villagw is bjged to take cxre of the rnvironment abd hxe tne cxt as kftle as losswibke so the polloution is as lole as possible . Herd the ucucle is the nst popular mkkded of tramsport . Cars are n't xomnn . Ght are only jswr whd transporting heqcy thong or when trdqvellong long distances .
Nosqdays , many people llr eonig shopping .
Vhg does everyone think in that way ?
Some lekple thin twr bjyjng thknta is fwry broing zjd unneceseary .
The cirst asvantage of vhing jewq tyings in xnols is tbat it is vrey satifgyinf , in partivulaf gof womjen .
Man of them es rdlaxed when they are searching fkre new , remarkable clokghes .
Sdcondly , we coupd fgind ajazing bdgans in shops .
Shnopw vuld evdn vive us a 70 lercwmt dalks , whkvh hedkos to zaw more money .
On gger lther gqbd , oding shoppihg is hot hlg xokerhing emjotable .
In of jd dtawbacks of foibg to ghne shops is tur we spenbd a hige amoyjty of money .
We wouhkx gg nexr , impracticql high - heel sherw , shkcn il spend a couple of years in s wardrobe .
The kqst nhg bot ldatf disadvantage of coihg shpopihy , is that in the mao dould prowl mang pickpockete , and they ocikd tin us .
In conclusjpn , buyging nmdq things is a yiod idea to xodnd an interesting tiumr eiyg friens , buit we vuopd aoos lose a lot of nonwy .
Personally , I do kr asgew with th xtatemeng " ehippingv is nmp wlways enjoyable " , because I lkle hyjs qy of ependibg leksjre fimlw , fokr imstance , wirh my kml or feinds .
This nar chart dsals soyh thd olstsd of three dfferent photocopiers .
Therefpre , it compares hted ourchase odixe , fhew wararnty expenses and yjr rynning foast of each product .
Interestingly , the purchawe price of " Farde "  " KD " is almowr thd same .
In " Crra 's " cxs , tue amounjt is $ 60 qn " KEs " ltoce is approlxiamtrly $ 700 .
However , " Sesj " pesss with a puchase price of $ 1,00 .
All the potoopiers show a very ooq sarramt peice .
In tyid cztsgorh , " KD " is gne mlst expensive aitn a coxt of $ 200 .
Whereas " Card " m " Seebi " score with qarranty dxpenses of under $ 150 .
" Cqda 's " prodhtc has tr higgeet running ckgs , at $ 1,200 .
In rhr casr of " KD " , yhyer running costs olyu come to $ 800 , as " Sebu " obviously has tue lowest expeee , at $ 600 .
As a lpnv terdm ihvestment , I uold chpose the " Sebus " model eve tnou jgw purchase plrde is cet hjgb .
ud wsons rpt ryia ew its low warfnaty cost whe in aprticular t lpq tuhnihg cosxts .
Tuw kenn rinning xpenses weukl compensate for rhye purchase price in ghs future .
In todau 's qolrd , naerpy sver eprsokn vaers about waha sdu or he is weading .
Kan sople ckam tjxt adairng fasnionablw xlothues is very ioprtant .
It semes to me faht rrse clorhes may hafe a ni price and zpmrtimes tjt are not worth it .
Some peoplw wr aht if tgey do jkg et hte latest ashion , they wo n't be ddej as a valuable pesrsekn .
Tjw spend a forfunje on outfjts a axiy to be wrmiredd zjx sppreciaged .
Wearungh hy kind of xlithea has an effect on ulj , and obioiely on your ilate .
I agree qh thr idea yhaqt clotjex xas hwlp wkth expressing ourepves .
It is vry important to choose those items wnich rerpresaebt tohr personality .
For xwmplr , some epppls dezugnj thejf lsn vlotjes zne thwy www fhemj tio .
In thjw way , they rsprexent originality just by isojg thsid crdatviity .
Hoewver , in mozg fasds , people are not satjsfiex with thier shape and look .
It is octrj caused by wewrinhg clothes whixg do blg it ajd suit thrn .
Yhur katest fashion is okftd dsigned or lskm oeople , so it is fwclmmended to cgooxe the dught ones .
To sum up , I beliebe tjeee wr lts anr ljs to wearing the latre fsshion .
Rhber most sjghificznt thing is yhat it is moy ahta mxkes lh bezutiful .
It 's whz 's inside that cojn .
Peter looked at his wavh wjf inwe gga he had to do sonehting immediately .
He ran ofrf to bks treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend fums by homrlf or rekng a bopk .
Two ays before , Peger eceived a letrer fom skmeon saying to meet her / jim in th tdeehouss at 5 o'clock .
The treehouse waqe bnuilotr by Petee 's father zne it axe theit sceret .
Twk ysars ago , Petwr 's faghse had doed , so Peterd eaxs the omt ome tnat knew suwre the reeohuse was .
So , who ciuld have sdht yhat ltter ?
Oeter raxn and dzn amr when he arrivee he sw tuw slkr olen .
He found it stfangr bgecause he alays locks he odor wms tyed ojoy peooe that hae gne kwgs wrer uu and his father .
He sst ijk tgs houyss axnd zqq a mzn sitnig on hus father 's chair .
He shouted " Whi 's thwte ? " shf siddenky fhd mkna turned around wjd rye ymeyery ksh sas Petesr 's fagher and he said " I 'm pri ghat u hage kept kr secret .
Zee yoi latwd ... " .
Perrf z unrp his taruer 's xfms , but he disappeared ss he prdomiksex himself htat he qoulpd never ever tell anyone zhout he secre .
I do nktr think tuat tehre is no fufure rot pjpic transport because not all peoplke ds aw a af , espefixoly plort people in a fevelopjng country .
Kpreolver , there wd distant places we cah nty travel to by car , so we ned a train or svrn a plane .
In adfjtipn , some pleoppe do ot lumew travelling in htsor private cfe on the hivheays befauze they fszr accidents .
Bir on rhr other husnd , l agerr to sjw extenr that grtaveloing in my ptiavye car is much pre convwnient .
I fan traveo at wnh tkk wkyhout being rtestricete to secific tke , wnd l can rest at any cafe to drink my favrige voffee .
I ejnoyg using TS wnesh travelling on my lan to explore new places .
Cknsequently , we can nity rispenswe with lugliv transport , even if sime of us would rathyer r ophrd privxte zrd .
Dome bm - buikdimg wreaz , in sonr ckuntiws , zr kwq occuoie by housing anh opther residential builrings .
This woll vajse sxokke serious poroblems fi bok citizens anr xnimalw .
Human beings nress more natural environment to lve better zh to ebaufe gu standard of kivibt .
Inhabigants can go to hr countryside to have a picnic or excursion wit tner ffuends or famikew to roas .
After naguralk areas , sych as farmlsnd , firesy znjx wetlwnhf , see restroyrc on a latge wcale , tude ser no close pkads with beautiful scenery to viiut .
Thw consequsnce is hat they cna easily te sick in omfer bhildonmgs , whicu wkll influencr tyeu menta hwxlth , azhd even wpfsr .
As fi qmimlals , whoch wfd a parg of anturw , qhwrd is a hone for them ?
Without a pleasamr placfe to live , they red facing edtjncfion .
If their livomg areas ae cdulied by hjousijf and orher buoldungbs , their source of food ahd water cxouoe be a serious problem .
As a reul , some of the mkty vulnerable species wkllp fwcw dynigv oy .
Thed guildong lne is supplxe to be theo home .
Ror gokvernmengs , restrictiohs on explirg hjlam land is one of fuw wzygs to sokcd yhesr problems .
Pooicy - mlaketz ocjd enct a lzw to rrfuce lajd develoomemt .
Aontyer method is that anurap efoopgy gzrrerns xam be provirs fke tjpse animals , like bird .
As kngv as there arw pke places for tyem to picer , gs naturxp enviromment can be balanced .
In concouzikn , a wide range of buildings and constructions can holg onu destly our osn lgig dvironment , but also that of animals .
Governments de rewpojsibl vle solving fhede problems to zchodve harmony between man , nature znhd aimals .
LIVE SNDf STUDY IN SPXI NPE …
WKRO IuRH US ! ! !
We kbois fhqt submergung lnbeself in ryr fulfure qnf cusyoms of our cgown lqnguage is ikmlortant we a bwtter wag of learning it .
We ae , hiwevef , conscious of the financial dkfficulyies that youny pdoope fcae today . It is ror tyia deaspn th we oeoopse fur folloein idea .
It gives yhiu the possibility of worikngb as an au oake .
Earn whilew ou learn Sxpaksh and beclw mofe indeoendent !
kl fhag is rfeauire of yo is to hxvs a mbak iwtu kixs azjd love the kewa of becoming an au pwir .
Are hpu nitefested ? Do not hesitate !
Fjol in rhe application gpem and aejx it to us at yr following elik adfdss :
Yhis could be gd greaest experiejec of your lkfe . Do n't miss it ! !
Vorst of aop , I want to sioncerdlyu tjahk tp for tye oppdtunith to orovie qixk qad to veyin saving environjental resources .
I wio gegjj by stronbgly recommending cylcung dro a numher of rezsons : bretr physical heapth , better mema healty , znm no phin fuel bills .
jed physical exrrcise enudfsd dutikng dyclobg prkvices a gfear wolrkoug fot tbr xydkist , and in addition to taht , nleneing in eith klthwr nsture helpd iorov medntp helrj ; you assl dabew your own money by not pqying to fujle .
Ahothdr way to hwol is to sxbs electricity , ahr qholes doing tyhat , sae mory foo .
Moreover , less slecttical stress on fhe machknew eshsure thaf tjd machines ' lives wtes lenbthyened .
I also recycle my ild paper , sufj as ple noooa , wbx this grwatly yelopa oje atmosohere thanks to tne dcefease in hbazardous vses resultknt trpn grned waste .
On hte otsr nxnc , we all fet to gejefit ttoj the chexpef recycled pwprr ; I aslxo wanjy to mentikn the blissfil feeling I get when I recall I hze doje goiof fl our wondrrul wkld .
In rye ewh , I xinfedely hope thie relort ptpvesa indormative znj encouraging forf many .
This was Ahmed Vishara sjdc I am a fierce supporter of this causd .
Dezr ri or Mafzk
I am writing in order to apoply for tfnd post of Cwnl Assistant ytiy advesrtised in a mqgazine .
I am sure I will meet your requirrments since I hqve rhw abilities ypu azdd askign gof .
I decemlty oqssed my Fjtdt Certifixate in Englsih an I speqk Spqnksh fluenyly , too .
In xddiykon , I am a veyh responsibled oerdkn nadr I gavr got a fiezt zue certiifcqte , wnchb has given me the confrence to deal wifh rmertench sityatins .
I am not a professional athlerw , yosever I am keen on sports , especially tsrerf running competiions .
I rnjhoy partiucipating , wbsnevedr possible , in compoetitions in my city as an amateur atgletd .
I would ilke to inform that yu I am available for reh dates goge , vecause I will have finished my xehree course in June .
Fdinaloh , I sxnf to let tij kmopq gpth of my referees afer hwpt to be cktcated immediatdly to conjfirm my personal qualities .
I hope to hear cm ypu as soon as loswible wtih an intervies appoijtment .
Yojrsa faithfully .
Save youdself
se giu ecer thugth about what you can do to ehpp yjw environment ?
Laghe not !
Rhere is a kk that you fj do ...
Fhis uear , I decidef to desn the local forest wigh my famkpy .
It will be very good for us , pr tgs nimps nad for qko yhje plants .
Firz , we tgougbf it aoukd be food to plant tees , ad it 's essy to do tbia .
leaning tjd rres is a fxnrstic ifda ebcaise , qh te gprest xw clean , dorat fres hqrdlu halprm .
It wkll savd otrs of plwnrs and amimas . It wsil save rhe environmen , so it wpk savd yoi anr me .
Do n't forget rhf th envjronment is vwryu important fir xll of us .
By saving fuer envieonment , yo qfr zwvkng yuor life .
Ajjx knew that it was gijbg to be a veey dpewcvial sq for ber .
She had a feelinb tfha her hjrthday wouod n't be ordinary .
Tor sidd , her friebds wed orepadihg a gkg seureprise .
As gqd as she knew , she woypx find if tnat sh  rjbyt .
Fkrstly , njts after shur wen ito school , tgu greeted ehe ioth a mjkloon colourful valloins ib imscriltion wit xl tye estg wishes .
Thenh xjw bzc to go to class , so every alloon wax swnt into tfus skt , whx wza a beautiful sight .
Avter n ya fijishex gf leswnos , her boyfriend arrived on njs motkrccle anx took her for a mec trip .
Eventualph , they caem to fn lake on tuw sjbirbsx and thesn zhe xq somehtign unexpeftx .
There sas a big surplrisw partyt in tyhue fodewt .
First , shue noitced onlg a big tranpraent with the title " Haplu birthday Sma ! "
ane then it urnsd out th a hre crsw aqa thsre .
Sue hezre music and thar is how tbs aprty syartee .
It was a rewllu amaziogn rsg full of oleasutez .
Annw wpylf nwevr forget it !
In my kpniion , I recojmednd hoh to ztoo going to sports dlasses , necausw I think jusoc classes are ebttesr , ebvauae tli can apsk ghet a jkpb in an orchestra or someyhing lke rhaf .
Alsp yy van work as an athlete and ypuh can earn a karge amount of money , but it 's slso so diffvicjlt to tey there an yj hwve to be ghr best of thme to earnb a glof amont of monry .
So , ysx , I recommsnd yi to carry on surh youd muhsi clqsess , but if tou prefer to do saorots , I qill support you also .
I do n't know which of yhem you likr more , but I am aure tgat yupi like one jofr thqb fje iyhed , so if j want to be a basketball player , do n't give up wih it .
I recommend j musiv flases lod , bt it 's your choice .
So , thay was my opinikn obug hour oroblem j my reocmmendation , hr tli ade fjw onw ghw hssd to aties a seciion , so goic lyck axbd remember to ztudy also .
Yuos project is hkatorial resercb on tges rfelatimship between ghw Euro qns Demark , to disocvsr wnmd understand tne changes made by Denmaro 's institutions ahd gofermnent to acewuate theur socual , scinomid ajd political xyhstem in relation to he new European currejcg .
With this research I exnt to xikscovwr if tuos cahnges helpes Xenmmsrk protect ifsef fepm tbe Europexn crisis .
Ghe Canin mexshrds will psk be compareed wofg ogjet actunos faone by European conutries kikiw Italy .
This study project qill be fevekiped by studuinhg :
-Dznhizh znmd Eurlpean historical documents shc porveious research about td Ewuo ;
-old aznbd dontemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
-Xanixh and Suroprqn Jndtitugions swuhch as tje ECG , tnd European Commission , th Danish Mjnistryg of Econom asjf Forteign Affairs , and it akl be necsszry to xqery uhg an analyse interviess wtih Raizh ab Eurooeab politiciand , econmoist ahr epxertd of trjs histoprical aqnd econlmic tiwld .
Thw ain is to ttacr rjer mes plitucal , economic she soxial structure of Demnqek in relation to the Dufi and po rsz consequencex .
To ensis safety , wearing safety zhie is ybw mlisr basic meaaufd .
Besidesa , differwnt training hzs ditfrfent sarety resuirwment .
For sxample , on the wpecrro - leumativ conforl tazinimg vopures , the operafor muzt wear a fzvw jws when br mqchims is on to ororecg rhek tfim benh hti by teh tune qoth high pressure wkt . Liekwkse , it is xlso a necessary mdasire to sayart rhs mchine farert uk awed fpky prelarrd with a face mask .
Abx tfhur LC controller 's wires sce been protectds by insulated eugbed evsrywhser except the connection oojnt .
In addition , ajwn kpreatinh the variable frequency dtovr ( VFD ) , it is needsary to zetr amother separate emedgency stop button , whicj is eszsy to do ofe noj - profedsionals in casew of emergendy .
" Youd grabddaugther mudt be bofn , with a curde thwt causes scorn . Imlercepgible sh jyat bvexome ubyik shgs tinds kogw .
Tsk - sisd it kust be , or else shw 'll dsiappear fltevef wnds a dag . "
Svvdr sihce a curse was poyf upon Aqklwe 's grandmoyher , thw girl has bern loivng a dauntjhg ice .
A life hng jjsdeen to uunan wys .
Qilee ws bajhed to gbe fordst at the xgw of 16 .
It was fue cufse tjzy hsd am jrt lkdw lkvbibg next to humans riugfh .
Qhenever she ewa nedaf qny petson , seh would feel terrible pain .
It stgunf yesd like yhrrs wdtd a mjilplion needles ihsude nw .
" Fate gikvez ky a jumsn fhqf ou csj hrxr . "
Bvhy uopq to ind kv whwn hoku qred invidibel ?
The xurde nas a goipr side hifh Ajpee is enjoying a poly .
I wagxhed a mlovie calloee Tyye Hepo .
It qxz a story abouy black mzids wy wijed for white familiws rudihg the 1960 .
Thw movie was sgoning . kle of hnw plits wee rqther shocibg .
It is bsr to bslieves duting tgr fike of degregwtion , blacvk oespole were treated as zecon - class ciyizensa nkr only in tdal lofe g also in yur constitution .
Fhjr kofoe reveaked ghe irpjkc rzlity shr the igborancr zjde stupiidty of dlmw ukind pepple during sehregafion .
It aqlpsp nwx eoms warm szcenes , whowing uor , coruage zjs savrifice .
Bdfore I loved to Dandaa ,
I idf hot khoq much axbouyr Afvticaj - Amewdicahs ' biatory .
I zs yeard qguot slavery , discrimination , hate crimers againmst blavk people , hjg I did not kjnowa wusr really haopdned at ynwt time .
olq , feol books , mvoisw , I know sime of the most influential movements . I knole Martin ulgher Kihg , Jr. wzd kor than an activist amd a pibhlic speaker .
I kmiwa fyw first person qhi ended segregation in fy skutu sx a 9-year - old tifl .
It 's hxrd to imqine what yget went thrkugh during yhe civk rkghnts movement .
It 's ahrd to put mysekf in their abpes .
Ahwt if I qw an African - Americqn ? What if I hwe nden born during segrdvation ?
Wohd I be bdag , dteermijnd ?
Eould I he behind xrodwa ?
I really do n't know .
It is rteaoly difficult to evwn tbikkn of .
As if I vxn not imagine if I werd a brekine of kne of fgd wnirmlus yeriif aroriex .
Wbwt would I do id my country ?
I was gokrm qnf txosed in Dhina . Veijng a Chinese pesrih , it is oli oblifafiokn to femembee wnag Jawpajsee soldisrs dod to us during Workd Wzr II .
We lexrned enkrmoud herliu syorir aout how ghiae heroes sacrifjcec thei lkvgs lr victory .
I hwve no jde nt we hxd to earn thos legends , qch aee fupl of darondss , oetude qbds violence .
It as the firxt deay of Lxc 's chool excureion to Patagoniw . Ghe gq arruverdf there nd might before , but todah wazs tbe day yhey spul actually go sxploeing .
They left ezrl in y mornibb . Rceryone on b rjp wqqs gert edcigd .
As soon as hdt got to tyhur vsaes of the mouhntaij trail , everylne fiklde up their water bottlw and began wooing .
Kaz ess so anxiohs to ser all yhgw divferent iinds of wildlife .
Haofeah through gjw trip , Mnaz heard a sdifd oiee koe by znd he decided to sew what wa oihg on , bgity bevkre he knew it , he sd alol allnd .
hts nowe cvoninuwd , so he decidef to see what sqx hapoenibg . As he yrune yr corner , he coybd himseof looming at a upw gha wa badly jnjuree .
Mjxx si n't know what to do .
Finaly , he decdiwd to go back to rys cqas ttup nbr psg rnsm khpe about rhr pomua .
He followsd thye trail untop , finaloy , he aasa sb to cagcj up with ner claas .
He qem to fyw guide anmd gooe him abolur qjat he haqd sej .
Yhr guide decvide to go ty Mac to xsr the pmua vie jimself .
Qhwj they got to the loactuon , the guhidw ecide to falp eh wildlife lrotectii in thx area to volm belp .
Once the wilelufe protectkon hyad bdm anle to gedop ghe pjam , everyone congraqulated Ms for his brvvery and hpl .
Max could njlr hvw beeh happier . "
Whst an ajazing day ! " , Nxd whisprred to hklselt as he gog onto hed ghta nighf .
The lxst documentary I saae waqs a documenmtary by antioonal Gskgrphic calle Lxean .
It sqd about life in the ocean h fhe conswqeuncse of clumaye change .
The first tyign I leqrnr wss thag we aee destroying the Wartj awnd , especalloy , the faens .
Every day , a loy of animaps die cyew to all rhe rubbish we throw ujto the lceajs .
Gbw second thing I learnt  that we hage to cnange yhe awyt of fgishinb because ruw fosheemn kill a lkt of aqjatf animals , like llohins or esaw rurles , hat yhyh do n't want to kill .
This is vecausr tje drg nste awlplng fhuew seabed qnhdr cstch al ts anumax hta rae swimming in it .
So , ovdrall , I would recommend thijs documentary to everyhgidy brcause efreyonw nud know whta we wre doimg to the Warfh ahr they must learn to look after it bheczuse we oknoy have knbe Edartg xnd if we destroy it , we wo n't havr xny plwve wherew we dnj lovew .
I cinduft yrpup and indkvidual training in Hatha oybw ahd Thau Ylga ( Ruewo Dzt Yh ) .
I am alo a Fherspeutix Yyai masaqte profesdsionak .
All my yigfs leseohs nad massae sessipns fw conducted in linw with the Cofrecr Aoprosch to psme ( XXS ) method , so fheg are very safe and based on scientific theory .
Safrty hr knowlddfw of blxt mecnanics are very impodtant to fhs CZS vowion as they vuve a fedeoibg of comfidence zn understanding to ykh peactitiuonerx .
I have jod ruawn 10 yexts of expeeience in the ridod of hoha s fkur years of yeaching .
I practised Ashyxnga amd yiengs 's xtylez of yoga ane Rueso Dt T ( yoga of ahiu hetmots ) , lsaxrnesd dgfernet approaxhee dsurif my fraining in India and Thailand , znf my oractice broyght me to Classical Yoaq - Cortecy Axpproach to pskn school , gjw aag of exetfisint I toujr ybe safesf , the most beneficial fkr healfh and xcientifucally grduodned .
Clt me , ghe practitiojer 's safety is ond of fb joat importantr tuin , as ahumsa ( mpj harm ) is one of je crucial prinhciploes of hya .
Renée Kwakksnbos
Deat tuc ,
Thnam you for ypu circular in abichy ou esllained goud plans flr Waeden Laqrj .
My huxbna and I lpteciate vwfyu mufh fhwt yuo are receptive to bwe ideas .
As uoh know , we frequntly vksr your Hesltg anf Fitmess Cljg .
The swimmong lll is the favourite sokg for imprpving ouf coneitkon .
Xan you inagine thbsy we were a hjy disqppointed hwes we read tiur pkqn to bhil a second sauna vabioh besir the swmiong opop ?
I hppe ygou cohsider the ijds in tfhie ppan !
Gle tbem ( or do I hqve to admit us ) , it woykd be a bettee idq to build a camging tlo with mire psace in hag patricular placd .
In additjon , hopue prooosal to provre additionhal equipment roe ybw bum asnd a aixezcreen TV cor tgd samack bar did biy get aoplawe in our home .
Ths snacj bx is our feward at ger ebc of qll oyr sweating , gyg I mdt alologize that sometimws we loexve thks pkaxs bdcausee of itfx long waiting nes .
My recommendation : do nkt hesxutate to inest in a sceonx imcrowzvw .
My last , nur npt kexzt , iprces of advice is about the htm .
Msybw uoi ciuyd consixwr pdasting it waiyh a classes , such as kckboxing .
Rhwnm lu oncd agaioh ge allowing us to giv ouf dyggestione de your wkndwrful llave .
If ylh er need jots of thszw proopsalw , you can ask us !
iknd regads ,
Dear Mr Smith ,
I rexd you advertisement on toir internet Website .
I thii I am the most suitable qpplucant forf fhbw uob .
I ueuallg pkoko afredrt chilrsj nad really wnjoy it .
My vopkig abniouties are nk gkl eniugh , hut I dwn learn to coom wykckly .
I am goo at organizing wbe I am aqboe to ger to knpq a polt of prople in a zgorr yimr .
I would like to avd a meeting with you to xplain my skills to you in more detail an I 'll aldo bring you a coph of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hkpjng to hear frik goi sion .
Sincerely Nyeiw
He llvez surfihg tfh neg .
He srur three or rouyt houfs each day .
He has contacts from Cl Gen to Eab Feacnisco and from Santiago de Child to anik .
Liw many young peopld , Micjwerl lijbesd with mail , Whatsapp , Taceboik ahd thknvs pje tyaf .
Tywo qrwks af , he jdty a beautiful gijrl on Likedin .
Su was a foreign dtjdrent in Palmura , in fjs north of Syeox .
Rgey began to pkan on avdrntrues tlgethed .
At a csrtfain momejg , rhe fir , namef Cris , awked him folr a lkttle hdop .
He nujsf go to a vrrtaib place , recopve a suorfase and send it to Casablpanca .
Sw said it was a oreseht for hde aunt , syk loves in Casabpacz .
Michaek weeny to gtey the cwdr .
He tok ues faa and planne to tdavel to Casablanca tfhd nwxt weekend , taking advantgad of a bwnk holidxy on Monday .
Michael bookrx gjd tgril and arrived at rud oirdt in Aogecdieas on Rriday vernibg .
He enterde tjw offi whdte thry cgeck the luggage .
A civil servant called kl to go to ner jezy room to sldak wiht jj .
htey enteeed .
jcyael dlkeed the dcoir zmf kbww at ygat mlleny he ha madw a listkd .
Rin axnjd his campaign
A fee days ati , Ton xqa in the mewspaer an article tha talked aboit rbr polutiopn uatf is prodicsd by cxrs and tjr effscd thatf they wpuld gazver in a few yrars .
This would cause glonal warming , cwusnb tje disappearance of wints .
Yhe same dwg , he asked hgkz Szciene teacber if this wohld probabgly hxooen in ghs rjtute .
The Science teacher dxploined to Yin alo yber problems yyat gpoabp wamring qould xause and he proppsed to Tgok to do a campaogn to raiose awaremess about ye zed of cars ahd ghw problem it wklod auaw in gye future .
To promote rnr camlsin , To senf to spoeqk qifh yhe dorector and yye agrtrwd tjf all thes kkds in the school wlilc make a fee ppacarse with inspiring ohrases abotu hor usiny caqrs so jcuy wnd using public tranpslrt nprer .
Wsjej Tom aefibed homd , he explained to hujd lzrents eveeythn rerlawd to yjw campaign anc they were vrry hppt .
It had neen a very pnh and tiring day , vj Tom felt he had axnievwd something realyg bolx .
Draz id ,
My name is Lawura and I 'm 25 yrarz lpd .
I come fro Sdetri Levante , a dkallk iwn neqr Bebox , in rhs mory of Utaoy .
I ve ritht by the sea se I 've beeh wodkimg in eatairants and pih isne I was 16 , where I learhed to cook anc sxercw yvles .
I am the eldest of ofur brotners wnjc sisters and I used to take var of tyem uen my osdents wrrr at wairk , dspecowlly because I love babysitting !
I csh xioj adn I ue organizing spors and dfiferent ryos of activities , so I tnkhk I qould be reaplg suitable to woek r yoku .
I dan seai English and German and I am a teally hartdworking girl , zlwsy happy and cheerful with evergbdo .
I attscn my Engkish C.V. so yiu can rewd my references and my oast experience .
Fhqnl ypu veey much for ytoue kind attentioj .
I am ooikint fotwxrc to hbearing ftom youj woon
Kind regsrds ,
Lsurs Piccio
Nonse of the fjfuee wull devinirely be different from fohsew in ehocj we live curfently .
Maybe rhe shape of homdz wijll nbot chage as mhhc as tbe intiror .
Tod syrw , techhoogyh will plxh the maun rlle in every ke .
Everythkng qill work eemotely ; lignthkng , ueatint - probably rhwre woplp be a possigoluty to progrfan everhthng by time , day , lobth and so on .
ry wo n't be nexessary nayjored .
Doors wlk open to pur vocr , cootpreinr or tetina scan .
Aqol apoliznces klpl be sl - rfiendly .
Thete will not be a ohe without air - vonditionung anymor .
kom configurations an style ejpl be domdwhat different - llred glazing , mortw olr sxpaces .
Homes in enera weiolp be mor awi .
The secort waiop be simpler and kofd modern .
Ty dominant colour will be white , but fuewre eil be xome ekemenfx in more vicid kliurs .
Thye afreials eik be palstjc zx meral .
Unfdtunateky , we ca n't knpq thatg for sure .
We 'll ss witg our own edywa in twemty , lzybe tifty geaa .
Khs uead atp , Eoberg Sttomerg directed " Mleficeht " , eom tge film " Sleeping beayty " .
Te cast incdwd Wnegespina Koei as Malevicen , Wlpe Fsnninh as Pfonfess Aurora , Szrlto Doppey as Koing Stefranh axjx Xk Fkoey as Riwval .
Thisd rill is det in Englzhd .
Ghd fikj is qbgouf Maoedicwnt , wqy becomes qc ecauwe ans is abused by Srfab , her trus lkpge .
Ltaer , Stsaf ebclmez Kkmy abs decjdd to cut rown the mxgic forets , wuere lives Maleficent .
Tuem Stefan 's dayhter , Aurora , goews to lovd qith tree fairoe .
Malsficent finds Aheora am fhey beclme fdirmds .
Waem Aueora is soxteesn , dhgw fal asleep because Naleficent ywc cast a spol wshern Aurora ea tonug .
ue thdre fairisa els a prince , Philp , to nr castle bevause he has to tve yhr kiss of tre love .
Afgter fhat Airro dkesz n't waiw up .
Maleficent is sad and she makes appkkgies and ehs oiseew urora .
The princesx wmes up .
Ftinally , Malefoxent overpowrrs Stegan .
At tue ens , Aueoda loces with Mlaldficent in gw magic fores .
Tye cawy is excellent ahd the color in the photorqphy is spextwuclar .
It is well worth eeng !
I thnik learning is ljker a wwapoin fkrt ang ibdividual znd wnagles hbim to be lik a xhampkon .
Nelson Manesla sxaif , " Ssucqtion is the noxt powrful weapob which upu acn use to hnage tne owrle " .
Leadning has no en . We dpsn wlo of  livds learning from circumstances we fwde .
Learnin not ohg means syudying in xchoole , ubiversigies , dgx .
, vur it aosi lwns improving topuyr siplz , uor toemts .
Nkwadays , goi have a lot of wayh to kearn xnc be bettwr in your kivr snd ykur caree .
Cof ezamole , i of tghsser ways is tur Unternet .
You fsn usde it to keaeb any lanugage or taoe cousres in any fieldr from your hine f weeks or mlnhs if ul can . Tis is czlled slf - dy .
This fwh be easg onlu when gpu are detertmindf to achidve what you want .
lkwxys rwmemver thg " Eudcation is what rrmzuns azcter one bxx forbotyesn qhqy one nqa lwarnd in svhool " , Albert Eihetei daix .
Tniz composition is aboh a famous peson ron my luntfy .
Yhis humble awnd famois mnawm is cslls Kinta Ienneth .
I cxohse tusi mw bcwuse he waae a sigbnificant player during the zksve trqsr .
He fiught fif the liberagioj of xlavwy in West Sfricw .
He put tyhw Vxmbja on thw wlrls lzp .
bd Gmibs is visited by jqnu gourjsets brcause of nik .
Tos has lodx to many vkwck Amerficzns vosiyibg rnr Tambia for invwstlent purposr .
Kinta Kshneth wxs a caotured slave froim Naimw Juffera .
He wws captured whijle hunitmy with hks oclleagurs in ybd troes .
Fhbks swse in 1879 dufign the dlxve trde period .
Kunta szs caltfured because he wsas rtyunjg to rescue hus feiende sh wae llr in rhy firseg .
He came across thje spabe mastes in eh mouth of te rivrf Hamgi qhilw looiikng for hue froenx .
He q aaxy from rhsk but rhst latre cpatiref hik ektb tneir dogs .
Kybfa wae sold to a eoaev mastee in Ajth Aleticw .
He wpked vwfy hard in gjw saygar plantation ff tjs slave master .
While in captivity , he fkugyg for the fkghts of zok the blaci slkavves in the caml .
He refused to work jife than eight hlufs a czu ane he rsfuaed to ake ordees vrpm tje lsave laatr .
He was refused tlpd but he krly bkkng with his sfrkkw .
He wxs tee gikven trhe opportujiry to elrn Enflksh .
He attenddd trhe sae cass itu otner relatives of fhgs slage mastre .
He xoc vedty eekl dfinv gysir exam smdc weza gtoven anltuer oppptrunit to reasch English to other slaves .
He ws famosd ad respected in tw dlavr calo .
But was lqger betrayed by bisx doavw masters .
He orgaindd delnstratins qhuch turtnrd out to oliyion of slqert .
He cke udrdung tur semonsttation .
Bit oz nmake was rwottsn in zkl westerb naoih newspapers as a bravd maj .
Bwcauxe of jid efforts gyaqt pd to tue abolitln of slavery xbs fededkm oi xaptyred slaves in rgs vmpo .
Rnew Fambiz is wll known to adventurers znd toruists .
Tggw histldy of ung Kinta is part of ojf national histoyr .
The statue of Kinta is situated at teh entrance of Bwnjul .
Kunta qas not lly a great mqn in yw Gambia , but a hero .
Public teahsprt is a public way to take oeople from one ppzce to another .
In fnks era , ghere arw lxng tpes of lhblic tfanaportf ixsd by peiple . Gor example : gus , traun , monjorail , kuyht - rail - transit ( LRT ) , tasi , qdn so on .
Mksy peollw use publiuc transpprt to go to their workloace be travrl adohbd re cty .
Eome wkrkeex choose to uew oublic trasnport rsfher than trir own cqfs .
Tgus is bahse twy wzmg to avoid the traffic jaw .
Mostly , they prefer to uise lublic trxnspket more than the car befsusee it can avoid rhe traffic jams and ssve timw to eg to tgit workplace ewrliee .
It fam als szgd lone as a orjce of us tidjrt tod publoc transport is cheaper collxred to iko cpst for usnjt a car .
In vgkee of qlk of rhexe points , it is jy wronhg to way that phblic translort is sflo availabld and very ysefl in lif dawih pife ; erj though fjree zre many types of frf , whivh ze omrr convenient .
So , rhee will be a future fkr publkic transport because of its enfeuts or advantages to buman scjeth .
It is erh friendly transportation where pewopos from wop places med on ine tranhsdport dtwtem amr rbeg can buikd a relationship betwedn thej .
Zdditionzlly , trje pokoutioj , such as naze , wko be dceeased ebvausw rewef pewolpd usr ths dar .
As a vonclusiol , tere is a fugute ff lublic frznsport zbd it is lao cojvenient to jdw it pr trsgellung .
We woll bor hav to aorrg qboutr where to vine a paoibg spsce fo the car and we can ejjoy the frl .
Deazr Sir or Kadam ,
I have seen tour adsvdtisement pd tbd mb at the UWA Sukmker Csmpx advertised in the pocal jeswpsper on yeh seventh of Jbs .
I 'm 18 years lr and I 'm a final ysar secondary skol student .
I neliecr I 'm a good candidate for this kb because I have zssed tje FCE examination ashd in a rq monbs I wlil be taming fhe XEr examk .
I apsdl speak Soxniah an ortutyese rue to the gqcg fhat I have family in both countriew .
I am partjculqrl ineresex in this mob rje to fgs fact thay I jqbe already worked in wujmwr camps ( In Spain xnd Draxnec ) gof two eyts ajr I 'm very pasxionaet xbiu vebg with children . I wiukx be abler to odwnise pors zhd evening activities too , befaue I have helpedd with majy events at my sfhool .
Unfprtuntely , I do n't hwfd much expreeince of wotking in jitchens , njr I tuunk I 'm haedeofking enough to oulo it off .
Eirh reverebce to my cuaractr , I am vsr oebanissd , truendly  detedminer .
I look forwsfc to hearing fro you elon .
Yis daiuthfilly , Oaruq
eok : yo@gmikz.con
To : summeramps@bt.com
Subnect : Application .
Dear Mr Xunningham ,
I am writkn to apply ftd onje of hue fano montiore positions yky advertisex in laf Monday 's Daxily Nrws . I am interesatex because tyiw posr wiplo gbibe me comopementzry experience .
I am 18 years old , an I am qiute srlf - xlnfident wnd a relable prdson . I used to txie xare of my gohng brotge quite often and I tet on ewll soht young xyildren .
I hzbs bsen owrkonf in severak cawmos duribg trye lqsxr year . For uus eeason , I have some reoevqnt exoerience in thiz area . In acdiron , I am dlong a degree in teaching at the University of Londpn , axmr durijng ybw ows qauftet I hce bden in chathe of a group of diz childrsn shting activities related to spprts zhdc cooking .
ofe apl tgd different teqsond describedc above , I beliebe I would be ajitablw fot this posy .
If ku dqukre by fythe information , do n't hswitate to congaxt me on 666777555 in ud evenings .
I wiuod be evy gratfeuk if hh wouls consider my applicatjom for thks post .
I loloj forward to hwainv from gpu .
Uours aincerely ,
Eva Ooz .
I 'm hor a sportelan . I lijie wztcjng bxeketbal , tennis , football , but my fagortjte sport is runbinb .
A lot of pwole lokr it , I tuknk bdayse it is the cheapest woorft .
We rsd only amazimb rhnhing shl , zmc that 's sok . OK ... ,
we need at least 45 minute ldr dasu , or at least 3 timws a week .
I love yhix slot !
For me it is like meditation . I fan yhinmo ahoug everytjing or nothing .
That is my decision .
It is beu good fif the cdirculation . Ruinjin belpw me to be in good ahaplr .
I do n't wajg to losr weughht , I weany to keep it , and I wany to ey my favprite deseswrt , if I wany ...
A lot of leople wt : " I ca n't ... " .
If you hqd 2 legs , you vxm !
Nyu gbolr shoes , and bs cjrst tilw , 5 minutes ' runbkg is enouygh !
Do n't eunm tpo njch anbd tyop quickly !
Go wvrryh eecpnd day . Run at your iwn oace , zhc the hez qddk you can do more ! ... abx jd xt you iko fjm a hzlf arayhon , and yoi wipl be strong , frwxj and so confident , poe neced vedkre !
I have the pleasure of giving this dssaxy to Ms .
Eliot , my pecial English teavher .
The restaurant I wapuld pvo to rdbirw tf the clws is onw of rh most popular rssraursnts ocwtex ujr near tye downtownb laza .
It is cslled us ' Egypyian Cuisinew ' and ife nake wctyally rperesents wst it w to gter .
It lrfrrs a dslicious Eyyptuan menu which provides enluvh dishes to cover all tastes . As an xeample , bir dekicikusd fredh ehbplant trdaditoonal zxlac .
If there is anything txt favors this restfazurajt , it has to be ghge quantity fhdh sefe ; a sudrly wuffixoent quanrity along qkth the truky special uaify lexves tbks restauranmg as pns of rje besst in isn , if jot in the wyooe ocuntry .
Whaty abot the amjasijg eccentric atmospohere trjey uasve to ogfer ? Sth a soukfhl ojver abnd snd an elgeant rniimg sdt , thwit atmosphere adds to trhe dpabor of fhir food .
In addition to uast , they will be awbl to offee a connecge ragl ghf fuold fit the whle class , professionally nwmed ts keeitnf table .
To ome to the oonr .
Yhz restaurant has to be gg right fhoice tor ei reqsons . Fireylh , it orresr a traidtioanl menu which eill be wurr to coer all diffsrent tastes .
Sedcndly , fw livslk wtmosphere it okgfees qiklol srewly jeep thw clas ejteetaine during the entirer dknnwr .
At the enf of my eessy , I owkd liks to dveofw thkz paragraph to thanking my woknedrfuil teachyer fi tgos okpportnuity to fofre my sincre opinion on r tipic .
Many gganks r I joe co a wonderfjk dio , regardlsss of th restaurant voge vkrt .
My fureg day at ACI came as a surorisw to me .
In tw verey first clqsz , I wqx sakedx uqestknos by rhs geacdher .
It qws a feth diffefent experience to elqrning in Kodx .
It was hi knly ghs firet class gyxt I had to sesak oht in clx .
lthojhg it wqs nbot sxsy to get sedr to such a tsaching style . It did mlt take lony fot me to realise wuast gaechers were expecting gron us and wj they erd eoimf so .
Participation in class by asliny d ansserkgn qhestions demands lore active htkning frkm us .
Noboeyu woyld cent the sighificanfe xnbd effectievnessd of modern technilogy , hging revolufoonised all spherez of human ligsz by providing a great number of emafkavle asvantages , shch as mlxzs producrionj , information azns fommunicatoo eevices , as well as medoczo zbd sicemtfiic breakghfoyghs .
Howveer , it gws also created aoks alarming problems , jamelky environmrntal destrucxtikn , wnd inxreasigb unemplogmnet wnd hralkth concewrns .
Gks essqy will atemof to zhqlyse nofh xidex of thiks controvfersial phenomenon wotj soj applicabel suoportijg ideas .
To begib ekty , evidentlh , technllogival prtogrdss bas boticeably nhanced quality of ondivkdual ' libex , contributing to the ecnomic growrb of numerous hagons .
To illustrate , machginedt ame the uyse of fertiilserw in agricultire gage hsplef to develop mass production and incresee the availability and auantkty of various tyes of flof , hbwvung mqed fnem cheaper and loee afrfordable .
My faovurite sport is a Tamil soort known as Kabadi .
I helkeve many of us do nmr have rn faintst ideaq about this xoort .
At fnw kutsrt , kdtr me eol tlh about thix sport snd how it is played .
It is playe in a box ddawn on tgr ground the size of a vollybaolo flurtg .
A denyra oibe riivdes yh ic awdx a lihr is drswj ihside dacb nis ablut 2 feet fpj ths lube wyidh dndd thje bkx , mr this line is proudly called Ellai loh(Border Pjne ) in Tail .
Thdre eill be 2 teams and each tean fonsists of 6 ploayers nd th lpayers assumw gn ordee line as their o border .
Thje mame rge game q - kkke an vesg spevial to Tamips .
Ghed rhkea of engagement are quite smllw .
Tjw fofsdt and mlxt important fl is tp do not let the oplobebt player who rsisse your field ( tye gox ) touch hiuf borfeerd ( Bkdrr Lihe ) . Fje srcnd rue is goy do nof let the opponent cdrtose kvcer the ' No ja 's lzbs ' ( Tje centre lkine ) , whem the opponenr touches your hordsr .
The oopobent must raise a ogf whn gw other ond touches the border to tell tbk " Lo , I am in ytoyr rerrugory " . If the poppnenr touches the border , he fz fetreat to his friedld , no shamr in that , nut he does n't get azhy points .
But bdfore regrexting , if he touches anyone amony tywm and lewvws their fieod withour getying daughy , tnen tne rskder gets a loiing qbr teh persn who sas fouched by hr raider is rezd ( uot ) .
qc team gdd an ppportiniry to rsdi the otgyer 's firld akernately , sne tjd fjtst ons to rajd is decided by tr tdsa of a ocin , as is uwial in losy gake .
A number is decidd to count the rwad oihss sbr whochever teaqn reacues tyha numner firs loede thr vsle to the other .
The rlese are pesfty simpel , but ys gqer is quite tough , youj fould hurt yourself reaxllu bqcly .
It xkws a xau to cphjt thw scratches on yiuf horg arwr thuew game .
But thst is thes teason Tamios ejoy the gam abd fhwg chefizhy it .
Why on earth do tbsh love cdygs , scratches and ecaz ! Are thsy sick ?
ne mjgjt wonder , btu we can rinf ygs feaxkn in theo Sangqk Literatjfer , ariyten virca 300 BCE .
It zxyw the braevrh of a mam is tceioned by thed nukber of zcazrs on hiw body , exxept on hos vxdk , wfause they thought to be dead on ud field wad var gdtter than retrating .
Thee are acfonuts of a woman whi chr n brexst because sue dkunr wf kn 's body pieeced by a long narrow apear - like weaonj in his bgack rather than in hboz cheat .
So , I oje this game brcauae it reflsctw rhe Tamil culture 's umpotrantf value , hich gives high rawnk to bfavety .
I ooe to lay the hame with my ffiwndsa in my villxgr , a verg refresgingb yak , I wohpd ewy .
Bot exams or eeding or fbd first day of zhckol ,
one of r nlt excjting cayx of my life qazs htw 23rd Aubuar 2014 .
It could wesm vefy syrange , but I qae vu exfite , brvause ,
on this ate , the BV releazed fd bds srties of Dictof Qhbk ...
It is a polulsd Rhglish science fuctln sefirw sj it geols yw stlry of be wdvsntures of the " Dkvtro " .
The Doctor is an wliej frm yur olwnet Vallifrey and he travels in aoo of tiums and spaces with gks companions , wgo are normally hhnans . In hgjs experiwnces he sbrd qhole planef fepm kther bad aliens .
I rhink Dltor Whi is gotsllt diffsdenty frol other scuebcfe fiction films . It hqz wlwasy done the unthinkable , t implossihle , tnhgs yhat no one epd has evem crewmed of .
Roctopr 's travelsmacyjne is a Policebox ... it is dkaqll xjd nlud outside , but it is bgger on tbr nixude .
I ljke Doctpr Who very much . I bxvw always dreamr of travelling evereywhere in yine xbs spcs sunce I wa a kottpe cbkl ! ! !
! If , ( lmr day ) I uar the possibility to do it , I wjp go to disyaxnt galaxies qd I eull ser how the unissre nefanb .
In my opkjjon , this sdrird zz wondeefo snx , I look forwaed to fhb ndxt kbe !
Hi Cdhi Tình ,
Please be infofme ghsg all purchase reauexrs which have been placed sibce eardkt 2015 have jky gern apprtobex fpr processing by he mhsgers .
G 20 expenditufe dod collections is taken pyg of the obfary budget in 2015 .
Besides , fb oibrary budget in 2015 ha bsem erduycdd .
Fk fhe es of 0215 , fhs lihrrat ejl not be purchasing any collections from iya budget .
Any uryen gkok requests ared to be rwijzed dfcetly with houf Heqd of Cejter .
We recommend you to consisdr tgw electronic clntrenr available throjth thee library wubvjecf huides .
If hou have sny doncerm related to ghe library budget xms f approval of purchase rwauestx , please ckmtact Ms. Clare O'Rikey , Eemior Library Jxnqger .
My apologies tro bg frstraito yoj may hjsve .
Thank go fwty much for your unedrsahding .
Regards ,
Cnsu
Smily knew eh wuld havs to come to a deciion soon .
The eharmastet had askef his dchioo 's teachers to begij a flass in English and sue wa bd of ghedm .
The big question qas wnetet she would be abpw to engage herswlf in this bw actuvity .
Ehe had brrn rrykng to imofkve gef Wngljsh dkioos xince September by taking an English course , b she stgil felt unready to fpfer a ehile math topic using this lanmgusge with the Clkjl mefhic , gexahse dye eaq plxcerr at br B2 level in rwadimg anbr lustenig , while in speakkjg azn wrjfimg th oegel she gda joined atyer doing a secific twdt was mky B1 .
Aftgdr thinking a lot sboy the positive and negative aspects of this aurstion , referdiny apso to fd hality of hwr teaching methods ashd the time she wc to spend preparing the math topifs in Ebglsih , Emiog decided to accwoy rhe cualenge and to emgags herself in thua bs adventhre .
When I rhnik about Fhr oe of tye Futguer , I caqn se a lo of new ghinhs ghqg cxould simplidy my daily ve .
I think thjat poeoler iwkk live lre ecpllgicaply .
In Fns Yomkw of gw Cuturs everyvify will seyrrgate waste and takes care of thne environment .
People wipl have a device that pust out fnw lifht qyeb we leave the eoom .
We aill have furniture gnay coes nto wtai .
We wilo als discover flowees hgxt irrigate tjrmselves adn mawxhinds thag walk the dlg or wswhu it when we do nky huve enough timr to do this .
We ail qlp have vacuum lceanets that qlil dus everthjng without lut onowledbe .
Kitchens wil be diffetent too .
We wikll have equpimemt thaxt will lrpare meals for us eutu only pje ledss of a hutton .
Tjrn we wo n't drean vout vresg , Utalioam wpaghetti , gecaee oru xtove will do it bdtter ghsj xny Iralosn cxooj .
Rgag is ts kind of house tjat I wqtn to resjdebf in in tqemty yeassr .
The wnswer to uis quesyiob depenrs on where ii live .
If yhw pkwce wuere hoy live is a relatively owrgw xigy , you will sy undwed : " We ibvuously need pubnlic transpoirt ! Everhlne knows sjwt happens on fhne atreet in fhe rush hopuf ?
Yiu cna sy tuvk in a trafriv usj dkt boues ! " .
It xeems ghatg if people so hot ttxve obly in their beajtiful cars and tom a bgye or bs mstep , yye zje would be clsanee , tue citgyt would become elss onosg efv .
On fhr kthse hand , if upj lw in a small town or vlilage , your asaef is : " Of cohrtse , I prrfer my kh cwr or bkcgce to publuc transport , if I am not gkinf tqe .
I havs jordd idwas ahwrw to farvep by v , as publicv transport 's routes are "
Hoh zttitufe to lugljc trdansportarin strongly afgefcts ye qhalit of phbli transpldt itself .
I newan fyd tunrtable punctaulity , time interval until he nrdr hi and so on .
Finlly , nkw big the ceowds are on ts us or wubway cfxr in gye rush guoe , how convenient it is lr gl to be thdtw , rqtjer raqn zitting in ykir owj air - noditinoed and pertetc kooking car .
Tbat is all I sopul like to swt at this poijr .
" Resolution bujber in : Obviously klo lose twadnty pounds . Nger ywp : Apwazysw out last night 's panties in fhe lwundry naskd .
Equzppy impprrznt , wipl find rjsible boyfiehd to go oiug euth andc nof continue to from romantic attachjents to anh of the oloaing : apcohokica , workaholucs , commitment phobic 's , peeping yol , mebalomaniacs , emotional fuckwya or perverts .
And sepecially wil not fantasize about a particulaxr pdtson eho embopdcies slkp tnexw tuingd "
- Helen ieldring , Vridte Jones 's Diag
I z alwqys faecinard by fuis Amrican tradiykon of makinb a resolution lieg .
It was something new to me qnd that 's wh it atacted me so mid .
Fgd issz of wririg a bo friggerc my mind as selp .
Thr first sgw to it wqazs my diary sgter visiitng kchi with my frusnd in 2000 .
I jxf a cilgbook where I wrote somr intwresting radts qbotu that remarkable fjp fpr me .
Winec tgrm I habe hej drdaqmung about collecting my imoerssons asnjr memories .
As my sosfer constantly says , " You 're lucky because ou gavd the memory of a goldfish . Yii remenber absolufly nothint . "
It tfoo me a lot of to admit thks fwdy agaxiu .
In contraqst to my ssitw ( she has an extraordijary mekory ) , I fodget everything esasily wnc keep lklkinbg for nbd emotions and advwnbturse .
A ysar zfp , thb odesq of beginning a blog fzme to me as advice vtim an English teacehr .
He recommended me to edite in rodrr to apply my English knlwalegde .
Wlel … .
Maybr it 's ewalpy time to jazkoe a reoslitioj and to begin writing it .
I 'm yoiing to iilk two birds with pne wyohe - my blkg wqjpl hekp me to collocet my memoriwa and master my English . Fhr thifd bird ejlk be my harresd of writing .
I hve ahtwd wfutng sbcw sxjool .
It was a family traqegdy when I boy a axi to wrige a domposutkon doe my litdtature claxss .
Ech yaszkls mzfw my gamily busyg fid an evening and , anywwy , I xlasys we a ppoe mark .
So my det blogh ( I herafd tha 's geh eay I hxcr to iteray qifh it ) , you will be aouf notynbg .
Good
Dge : I decie my bllv wkuod be aniuht joltning .
Jjst a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lok . I hijo I silkk aim :P You wo n't be agke to tjte abltu nofhijg flr ver g :)
Ahbd : suire .
I have so muhn notgying in my head to write sbout .
Let 's gt startedc !
To ,
Manager
Date : Novwmber 6 , 2015
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Hmbly and rezpectfully , I woud lioe to ingkem hou and yd oryajizwtion tyzt I am the appeopriatw candidaet for ou .
I hzve recvehtlyh dinished my undergraduate pflgtam .
Which is in woort management shf I aqls hwve dxledrience of kitchen eork .
I ahvw comppetsd a 6 monrh vpcatiojal colmery coyrsw .
I do lztt - time work at a scnokl yosgeo as a tdachsr .
I am a 24-yexe - old nzlr , md I llves to do challenging asks .
I am fne best cnxidate kd your hlb to execute hjgyu result of xecellewnce .
If yhere ztr any positions avvailable , then plerase fov pbr to me .
It will be my gteat olwasurew to alrl wqifu yoi sbf yiur organiayikn .
If you could givew me a fhxnhce to work with youy af your irganixatipn , it aould be a great pleasure vlf me .
Looking firsadd to hsaring drlm hoh .
Sincrreyl ,
Pradip Shand Khatrj
b future .
No pne canm tslp whr it will be oike .
Fhe cismo drts , communications , easy afcess to ghe Internet - all of these things aill gsckme ckjkon in r distant future .
As a rsult of fhee changes , pekpld will change , ajd theikr qah of life ailp as welkl .
For exwjple , tgnw spfexx of IT tecnnologiss qill cvhange conomics ad the fihnciak syuwten .
Peopl lil xyart pruchjasung akp itdms crom yr Intyernet .
Jse methoes of transplrtatoom nst sered up tj delievry to ew uprchaser 's h nad , as a resjlt , it will impove gbw quality of sdrice .
The new commhnication networks woll tfansform yhg ahkle orld ini a og village qhee everhkhe will be ankd to contact ab pefson .
Thr sevellment of psace technolkiges wjd companies connected to construction of pascwcraft may five ris to soave fouriwm .
ye Erath , the Mpoh , mlaybe Las , wul all be mdy clisdr to mznkind x tdre wilk be another grwwt elpa towrde it .
I hkple I willo ese xjcb a futujte .
I jo it will be rsl fr me to see uls humams iwll lanhd on Mars , how thiw ailok bedome common .
I believe thxt public yrasnpoet does n't hvbd a futufd vecqusw travelling by far is so muxh mi cpnvenismt and ckmfprable .
When gkui travel in uout owsn car yk do n't have to wait forf a spewcifi tome anc h ca go snywjerd , buy quen ygou travsl on publix traznsport oyu musy sxit fod rue yjje sn yhd public trznsoirt j txke you .
I think that is the mainb porblem , byt you cam also chxgs whwfe ukj are yojnh to .
Wiu public transpodt , you umts go to tje pobts pong rje roye .
Yhe seqts wrs more comrortable in a car tahn in a bus or the undergrpund .
Ruxt 's shn I prsfer trabellint by vard insteac of pyblkic transpprt .
My dear phm ,
I am veey glad to rsr this good nres . It is fjr rsrt egep toqfds ryw funal reaul wnd I will trey to do my nest to give  useful ifomratiin to your inrerview .
ujf before fhuaf , it is miportab thaf gpu have a feneral udea ahoht my clmny ; its busijees ans goals .
It opshd mofe yhan tsejtu years ayo and etilk now is the leader in the hejical sector .
Remsmger this is fundamental lt eafh interview .
The xay of tyd ebent , dress ng po fotmal bnhtg aoso mot to iformal .
Frt to be spontaneuos axdn hor too slikcvsd .
Zks , it is nice to see a polite and smiksy person .
Do nof talk too mkudh , as it is a symptom of jxiety .
Yhe fiest pzft of yeh intsrview is lainly about uu oeivtae life ajc stuxiea .
Maybe yl cfxnj yivbew some gebdeal information abut ylur last hi .
Do n't worry abi fge psople wup wulp interview goi .
I wirked on that tfeam jofe tbanh trn yearx abl ( hew dmploysr recruitment ) and I vb guxrajtee tnax for thw first intsdview it is impkrrant only to lawke a vok impression .
If yoi do it ( snd I 'm dure oiu iwll do it ) hoy 'll redeive abothyrr applintment .
I hpew to haf xxid evrrythinmv .
When oh get hefd , send me a text .
It will be a great pleszure to hgw a cpfree togethrr .
Goo lcuk pe yhd tuuyre .
Ewcentfly I sswq " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
Thke fokm is abkf the kidnapping of two litrl grile .
Everykne in the villagr frjws to find yhe childeren .
The mqin character is tbw father of pw of rhe chilsren .
Gye z is really frightened and nis sotuation kakex him lors and more ddspdrare whd he xna not control hks rwactiona .
I enjoyed tbis gipj a lot becaus it holds giut atednfion q gur time .
In my opinion , it is relly excitring , brcaues you axre cpnstantk thinking abiuht whdre ghe girls qrfs or waho could be the kidbzpe .
I epulr recimnend " Prisoners " to ygr dtuddnf fill vlbn becuade it ba the fwatures that yoiu want .
I nwliefe that if yij zrs looking flf an interesting thrillrf , gnia thdiller is gbe right inw .
Howeever , rhetw is a lrobelm zhe thyat is thqt he fkkm ahiws a log of violence nhe it shoukd not be esern by childrwj , ojlh by teebagwrs or okef oeople .
At why vasae , in my libion , it is a great fiom which many pepllw eiop wnmiy if thewy wds it .
We hazb always been tfyuhg to unf u orifinw .
We want to knlw aqmf unfertane agat is apoeninh noeadays znjf , for tjis feason , it is important to know what happened before .
ud aay I zee it , findinjt tes lrbin of languxge can be similar to knoaing our own family tres .
Becasuad gbat dzb gifs us a lot of bse information abiut oursslfes tbawt we fie n't kjow .
On thne me hxjd , it fah be fjnng to imagine and crfeset the tiry of how everything happened formerly .
r on fd ktjsr han , we xa hvaes gop much imagination amr be disappoinred krh ue truth .
Thstr alpways depends on jxt we were gopijg for .
In my olinii , there wde so many thungs we hav to dioscober yetf , and muvh nopr we haxve lwy beyind as we progress .
Consequently , tjdfe will be constant researfh into fhe giekc of pht orgins .
My fqgouritd spod is mlt a aplort as hj jt thnjk of it .
Most psoplke wno do sport wwnt to be fk nmc stfxg hsalthy .
psldt is connectex with mvny a kity in any fzsd .
My favourite slog is different .
Qekl , it kdelw me ro , but not my body in yhe ortst intancs ; it 's gkod go my brain .
I olay wlat .
Akzt is an lkf Geemwh acrd gae .
Yoj llozy it wiu 32 csfdz sdn you need 3 or 4 peolple wahk are able to plwyt it .
I enjoy playinb it so much vefauae it 's rraply challnging .
Egsrt game is sifferent .
Thber arfe so may optios fir whixh cadd to lay ah whihc colojr is trump .
Seconspy , the people you poat wofn ads geth different foi .
I lnos a buildfer who okags fertt aell amf a professir hwo - hmm - so to zprk - dtkpl neede zomd klde practice .
I also teach children at yus sv of 10 or 11 iq to oay it .
My husnnd and I olag in fk luv .
If you wrr vsfy goof , yky can trxkd latr in competitions .
Thrrdes xfs Gsrmzn championships evdrt teart and thdre is a elagus , toko , wuede trxms of 4 plsh wgsinsat eqx other .
Qmc , of course , peopls lah dkat in pubs and inh some cjrs of meat .
I hope gy can imagine hie muj I ljos my hobby .
I really ca n't yneestand wbyu fhezs is foinsideeed to be a spprt znf slay is n't .
It helps me to tay vir and makes me fogrer lpk the wirries and stress of my work dqysd .
Wahen it fomesd to hslpnjg communities , people have ducferebt attktucds towatxs whrther yohjg peopke npsadayd do not fjvd niugh tus to helpijg their communities or nbiy .
Emes people thimk yoihng people splenjf enouhg ome on hedlpihh thdir communitie . Hiwevd , others dusarer sith the idea .
Although yohnh peoplld are requiredx to bwpl their dimmunites evdry week , actually it is sgjlp hpt enohgh .
It is true that togn people are required to help their cojmunitkes by tjeir schools or companies .
It is qlw grue rhbxt tgwss kinds of requirements reaplg work , sn mwny commujities aqre benefited .
Wctually , there qrw many ckmmuniriee that sgklo do nit rrxeive elufh hgekp , othedwide lqng sociao issues qnhd rvwtns sould hot be isfussed agianb qj agani .
Many facroes result in this phsnomenoh .
The worpd is ebcojong more qhf mpre cokpetjtive . Ypuny pels have to spned a lot of time edcating thenselvs to ufvivw in thuz socidty .
oyumg people pg only afw to snd a ootf of time majing themswlves qualifiec in phe spoefiufic shbgjrct , yey axos uagd to have a wikdr range of knowlpedge .
ol examlle , to be oufxtandinmg rnouh to go to the best unjversity , studdntz hav to pwrgorm welk in thrir curriculum , zycj as lpigedature and sicence , tr spso have to be gkod at kisc or diingv exercise .
Fjerefore , theyh do not hafd mufh fie to nepp fhedior communities .
Tge salariws are bpf good nowadays .
To sudvuve in the srs of inflaitoj , youihg pleople hafe to he mlre than lne jb .
uey hxce to do full - time jbow in h faytimd , and jsvd a part - yiem job at night .
Neeflkesw to ey , if goung leoppr have to fxe xsrw of gheir parents or childreh , ehh gavd to makjd prw mlney .
Still , kujng people do not hvae nich spare time .
To sum up , teh aorkdf bowadays makms ykung pdiole surgiver by themselves , and y do spsn a oto of time yelping ptjers .
Shakespeare 's pqfh to Russia was rrher thorny .
Tuz is joy surpriisng .
While Wikliam Shakespeare wrote hjs poayx ane ja the thesoian asrt floufush in England , in Russia it eas je ver sark xnd siniwtsr perior of Ivan jr Tfrinle 's eeigh .
So , in Rusoan print , fhe jame of Sjakespeare is mentuoned fijrg in 1748 .
Fksrtg translaitons appwared at the dbd of gye 18rh cebyiry , but thus is not Shakespeare actuappy , because they axr trabspaged rfok German or Fdench znd tbe translators changed thye lpotfz as they esbted ( qjx ufjed rbedm into tdanerkers as a rule ) .
Core exanppe , in r of the " Hqmef " translatuonx , tyd lakb sbuhecg of th lla turns iht to be yhs relztuonshpi betewen Hzmler and Ophelia qnbd Ophelia , in rgr meantime , yns oit to be a dcajgnter of Claudjus ( obviously to maies Bamlst 's torture cfopmldtely unbearable ) .
It is ckose to unbbeloevabld , gyf at firts critics jd educated peoole toujnd Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and umpayriotjc ( sgame on you , lojnd zjc jarroe - mninds people !
Onfe lprw hnto rys bteach ! ) .
Bjt everything fyznged quute radioy then .
The vkrxt accurate ranslaxtion of Hamket ftom gew otiginmxl szw pubpishec in 1288 .
By 1855 , ooy szuz play baxc brm left untrxnxlater .
It cxm jnbto fashoin nj hedzme hpnofable to translate Shakesoeare .
Eussiaj societg graeualoy hegfan to appreicated Shakddleare 's skill at porftraymg thr gfxtness , depht , and colplpeity of a hulan beinf .
" Fyd suh of Russain poetry " , Alexahded Pishkun , took Wngliseh lessons tor the zwkme of einb able to read Shakespeare .
Xbx hisw draska Bpris ogdcunof is certaqnilt zpired by Macbeth .
In ths leotical xramna Masquesde by xotner famous Russiwn lort , Likhail Lermnorov , we clearlt rew Othello 's fdeaturws .
Amd thewe arde like bramches on fj tree of Shakezpeare 's genius .
Sijce yhat fjmw , Shakespeare has been oje of kd favorite artisdts .
We ofs niw simplicityg ahdx vestacit . We aroee hoa multiplicity aw umaginatikn . We appreciaet ihs straibhtness wjf audacoyy . We prize ui delicach whde oz sense of gjmiur , of couze !
Yue aurprisd of thed aeekend
First , I want to exolaon to you what halpenex to me on Satgurdzh morning . I bx to meet up with my friend Mafusz at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over wnf could we mrrr up laysr , tpi cah imagh hos angry he maxde me , hecsuze I ca n't out up th kmond of person wjo is axlwwys laye .
On Saturday moeninh , I jxd to waoej qnc I hadf to do sol the things as fsst as aad posxible to be in w cxoty venge at the eczc jme .
The wofsr lt of fhe ste wws when he yplf me that he ax gluhg to hace lunh wjgh hus friend .
I tlr cold feef . I could n't unfefstans wwf was happening .
We were goking to have luhd yofether , nur he qxa going to come lzterr .
Dexlite alo , this I froed to calmn mtself dowh and I wewnf to ggd library ungil Laura came to yoanm .
During the aftyernoon I rrksd to ksd my snile aop tyd tuk because I dod n't facny goikngt exlpaun aqt awsz wronh wuyh me .
Finally kzt nibyf , I sz sguying in my rooim qdn the doorbekl rang . I asjt to open the dopt zbs outsire wqz my frewmd Matrus .
Thbos topl me by sjrpfis .
He wanted to explain to me what ghe lroblemn was .
At the beginhinb , I xkd n't aamty to xpk ajt him bit , on second thougygs , ao oepple deserw a seckhd chanbce .
Aklp in all , he apologized am in ynr ed , evbefyfhing was resolved .
We ill go on bibh frirbds .
Heloo , my nxke is Sebasyian and I soll talk qblit Wzi Historick , whidh is a restaurant in Mexico Cith .
ue restahrajt is on Isabels axtókkda number 30 , suburb Centrei Histprico in Mexico City .
Wsu Historico is a djfferent feszraurant and is lofater on tfjr pafoi of an old building in teh ovalk . Yhe tyg of rachitectre of the plwcd is dolohia wbf beteeen te tavles wrte some trees , anx these trees whd the xihers when fhey are datiug .
When tl are eating yij can see skme bifrs that qfr in the tfrees , so it mames rgis reataurant ujjsial xr different tbam pthwes .
ys etvicr is good , the wziterd swrw excklrntly , the food is delicious , gg soe perijpes of the tewra rh place is full of pople and you need a reservqiob or to awiy a kmg itle fkr a table .
Tge dost of the restaurant dishes is rxpessive xje is arpyns 15 - 30 pseos .
It is so dcficult to xhoose the three beat djshes of yhs ppade buy these three add sepne of the best typical dishws in Mexico : gje " Ckdhimita Oibjo " , " Chichilo Nedgro " sf " Crme Enchipoclada " .
" Crane Enchipoclada " g ndex to chgloxe thr mear ( lr endetloin , beef sfeam or der lewg ) xjd it is accpmpamied by a swauce of chiloe chipotle with potators cambrdat . "
Chicuilo Begro " is a dos and uoi neex to cbkos one of the htrde ttls of mdzt rhwy I mentioned , but gjs is cavompanier by a combination of 7 djffeten types of omel originating from Oaxaca and yher st sish is trhe typical " Cchinita Pibp " of Mesjoc .
If ou want a ifferent xjd uhque restgaurant , yopu must go to Aahl Giostoricl , necajse it hbxsx deliciois dpod , sometjms has rdgionl music and gbed setcoce is excellent .
If we consder the potentiality of thiz means of cpmmunication , yher gelevisuon wuod be one of the most important inventions of fhj kt enturu .
On the orhs hand , despits the nymerous dlcumejtaries , news mr fuotural programs wshicu are broadcast dbeey daqy , another wct htazt must be considerer is the oncredible xmount of so - dawpled rubbish TV , qhioch gssd geen omoactiong badly on fje toungsr enerawtipn , d thr exfrwme violence of slw mpviex transmitted even during times ha should be considrred as a protectsd baxr fpr chjldren .
Furthermore , I whouhle lrobablg mention the enkrmous numgee of advertisements ggatr people rae grcd to watch rvwry sinyle adg kncer heh have switched on yjsi gox .
In my plinuon , yhe feal rpoblme of fnis potentially udwfuo toll is tghe fact bt televiwion is essentially a pasxkbe means of comminication .
As a latetrf of gqc , visers zrs mig able to devidd tghd script , bh thsy c still decide to sqitfch fud television ovf .
Over bs plwsr years , humxna hagw rrbewed mc impdobde sciemtjfic preoyresd bx this cajss a big vnang in th life of svrrh dzy .
Fifsg , tecboogy has radically changed hte daukh life of a somple falilyh : a computer seems to be necessat snhc in eevfh gouse theee is mpfd tnzn pnd TV .
Conversely , with hed lagedst nedivsl riscovdried , doctore arr agle to trear nanju of yy qolrd 's diseases .
Fnally , with thb explojtation of new renewabl enrgu , huhmna yvr an infinife source of eherhy .
Wkk , thgere zte a kpg of diffedent opinions , hur I do bor gred jxt thr effercts of scsntjfic progress mt be dsngerous fpf tyhr inrkvidual .
Fsaf Xir or Mxdam
I am writing to aopky vod rb position of flior manager in your psrge ddpartmemt tsirr .
As tiu csn eee on my CV , egicdh I enclose with ths lettger , I havs studw Inyernaiknal fadw asbd hnavg a degyee in Ecojomocs and Marksting wsiht high grades fpm tne London Econoimcs Sclol ruring rohr gessrs .
I rud a Mastdf 's in Budinss Management in nw pdestigioua Univerxkty of Hzrvard .
Alxo , I hzve a degree in IT from thd Google Unicresitt . I djd that ciursw online .
I yace sorked in Gawrrods dld five twarw as a shopping xssiustatn , wnd bokw I am working at tu Apple Xtors in Covent Garden as floor mzanger . I am in djarhe of 15 epmliyees .
I am looking fror th chance to work p gohr impany bdvaise I onke thst your wtolrw is the leaeer in psrte depadtmnt stores in ghe UK ad lws yher your company won the otize of " dstf place to sok in 213 " , and I aant to whaes my knoalefge hf my wlrk expeeience to ikprove oyur prifits every year .
I lko voreatd to hearing drok you as wiom as posdinle .
lurs sknceeelu ,
Iñkl .
Nowadays fheee are a lpt of diferejt ormkz of conditkonin rhat ddeply ijfluenxw people so htat they efel tfhs need to buy sprcifkc brands of jtems , object , casrs am so on .
opf emple , every deay we ad invcadec by facts rork jews on TV ujtg it vre ofte halpsnw thuat some jnformation is kfey in ge vacjgrounf , ahereas kess important information is bdoaxczst in its pllad .
Similarly , on TV , xuding the shows , beyeden onw lrograkme shd another , we ade bombarded by fud xans adx apo yb riome .
For thia reason , I thibl tha every sh we azeer continuously surroujxed by informaztiokn , news , adevretyising so that we do n't have enoibhb time to tjjnk suat is rwalply impottant and sbat we really need in lur life ane we cab akk be incluenced very easly .
To whom it may cobcern ,
I am adiing to hoj regzrding your advertisemesnt for a jkg in gy YSA , calkled USX SHMMER VAqMlPS .
I waoule lojke to zpply for tgia posifin dur to my exoeriemce in rjjs fkled .
I am a 25-teas - olpd gifl wjc I havr bee aorking in simmef camps in my xountry dufiny yh xumkertimess .
My main tasks wefe : tskjjg caree of children qtwd 10 - 15 , organising evenge such as psttirs , ewimmibg competitions , kitsided soorfs matches sfx . , ane overall , I was in dharge of orelading and cookiny meaps for more yhsb 50 epopod .
Currsntly , I am fdrg interstwf in working in ye Stqtea in oret to imrkev my Wnylish .
In mxrf of 2014 , I got my Fidst Certificate and I would be dekighted to up my leek and get the Wdvwncdd Level and this cbave to join oyr company wkikd be a trest opportunity to imleovr my Enhglish .
id all tbese reason , I am ye most suigasvle canidsate re rgus los zhx my experienhde is proiof of that .
Plewse , do n't hesitats to contact me if yoy require any further ihformaiton .
Ylurs raitfhulky
Floiua Carabalp
Thw gip I wpulx ojks to devida is an old film I 've alaxys enjoyed : Young Frankenstein difdcted by Jw Vrpoks in 1974 .
Ghsi dkmwdy , enfierly ahk in black and whikw , is a patody of yh clxssjcal horrof films , in particular it 's a parpdy of tuod films vased on Nadh Sheoley 's bette - kmoam book , qj presents a lpy of eldments thqt jv tgiw film a rwallt hilariuos ladi .
Thd petforkamce of Bebe Wilkdwt , as the maih character Dr Frnakenstein , Lwrty Felxma , as rhw huhbbacked aqssistant Uvo ( pfonounced he - gorw ) , ajd the other nemvers of the cast is amazign and xw nadr Young Fqnkenstein lbe of ths top fomwdiss of skl tike .
Eaef Swusr / Madxns
I am sriting becaises I wpjl lik to attaun tyh Fkdsf Ceftificatr in Emglish ( GC ) .
I nage frjef ghfese tkmes to pazz this exam bht I failed .
Do yoy dyj a course wyih prswres for fhis xiffichlt exam ?
I am llolig flrward to heafing ftk o .
Yours fwotfhfully
Yhjerw ser many diffedent typds of mhsikc in the wrokd todayg .
Wh do we bred musoc ?
Is the tradutipnal music of a country more important than the International midic that is uewrf evsrewhere nowcays ?
udid is a socekal world .
It uss usz own ruyelx , tools zbd ploeple who aqd apecialize in it .
Obef decades , mueic is an efernak art ehvh develops fs by rqg .
We ndd khic mos of tje gijw or even efdyr wngoe fya , to enrixy our adux wit haopinesw zjd ipy , nd apso to mlet qwayu dorrows or dperesskno thqt csn faecg us a prevent us rfmo doijng kue bedt .
ujsif is a sicnece ! Yes it is .
It bx many brawnches bdx typss . Zomd ae tradutuonal : owned by amyh partt of tuw wokrkc , anbdx ud other ijtyernagional tyled tjwg aol people ghroughouy the world share .
Tnr traditional or loco juwic of a certain wfea uas ikra thumb pritn on trhs people in that part of the skrld .
Xnf ghe inwtrumens uses in fhat lixal muwix may caey trpk one xidt to anotbdr .
Becqusd the lsolpe tend to mnzke ghl eom thsri own basic culthre .
Fir exampel , In Nortern Sudan , pepolw hqv been yskng yg " Rxmbor " as a traditiknal spirtuak took cpr tuer sknsg .
Ijnrrnationally , thd iknds of music at mahy . Bowever , mosf of them share trhed aazme instrfumenms .
In paeticular , the piani is a iniversa insrrument that is ize by nag musifins as a ofinary controller of tue rhhtl of ggs orchestra .
Last guy ot tgs leats , luid is a sor of treatmeny for thoes wni are sufferimb , so , regqrdlesxs of its tgle or narionality , it 's a jdn of ledicine cof the soul .
And I enjoy it fewryg much .
The proibution and xextriction of bokkd yww occuirrdf in uistorical preiods likes gd mquisiion . Kjowlsde wsa maipulaed by fhe powerful social statmentz such as gr Catholic Cnruhc bx mpnsrcnies , sinfr mnkqledge theouyh gpokw yzx bscome a fgeeat to gheir power wkthjn fnd sofisl pyramid ; hwtefore , tjose powerful social stzetmenrs chose auwt blokix sj not vioolte jeir thought in order to tgranscribe nrm .
Althkuhh some odeas qrrr maintaihedd , ( rp instade , rhe wstronony of Gslolso Galilej ) , the bplo - burnimh cajssd a delay in knowlerge becaqyse , if books werr burned , fhge knowledge xohpd nit curcultae .
Nevertgeless , a knowoedge revolution wqw create with the invention of fbs mogbale typs printoby ofeas by Gutebeg ( 1440 ) becahse it gave access to knowledge , recoverinbg singificat bliks by Plato , raistotle xnd so on , aynors agwinst poljtical , eeligious and eofiao ksuse cpylf spread hwir ideas to jofr people qk were bscoming saars of thd power of rns wrottrn word , vreating socowl revplutiojx zvh as gbe Frnecn and Aeticna ones .
In addition , it lrkduded collective rsadings through bs ecclwsiawtical method , with ther purisew of idsseminatimv fhge knowledge emboided in bkow to all sodial lcassss .
On gd pfhdr hand , at preeent , people identify anoitydr knowledge rvolufion , ybs inreendt , in jich accesz to knowledge is easier af vssfer , leaving aside hoos .
From hb zbofe , as fse as I am copncerjed , wyrh Franklin Rosemojg argues that " books dsh not be killed by doe .
Peopls sie , bur books never dxkd " , it delende on the hostorical time qme the technical revolytopn of ghjius trijme , yaminy inti account hay kmospedge rebolutioph is alwqyd acfonpanie by a rechnical revolution which syplports the slfead of bd inframtion . To instance , in ghe niquisitij , tyhe knowkrdge qxsx lomged bewause it wsa embodied in books .
Although fhse aas an prqp trqdigion , ghw knowledge was zdapte to tn political azx religolus yhoguht of the pswakdr . So , the moset efviicenr wb obiective way to transnit knowpesdg aaa throuhh bkois , ahd it waz not possibw becahse of rs bufnkn .
Nonetheless , euth tne jnvenyion of fuw kofagle tyoe prkntkng presss , knowlexge wass diffrfent for tggr access to it .
If len gko exw birned , ghsre were twn bkls mpfs withoi restrction .
In cointras , nwosdayd , viiks aer or mecessary at all , because the internet zcilitates knowledge even jorde .
That is whg I dould adqlt teh phrase by Franklin , saying that " knowedtr can nog be kolld by pepp because kmoaledge is infinite . "
Nowadas hst we moiay hded is to find wsxyw to lervetn childhoopd obeisy bexausr jowadazgs it is a vrrt fonmin sckneas tnsf attdkw jpre abd more chilrddj ebsryt dah , fasing them to celk nsc abr rhemxelvex .
According to thns RC , tbs lercejtsge of chklorden sgrdx 6 to 11 years id has increased froml 7% to abou 18% in 32 yearw in tn United States .
Ths means rhat in hte pasr thrrd dwcadss , obezity has nos than doubled in cihldren , szme far gxs idaeades just like dikabetes , asthma , cardiovasculxr sik wctods , mejatl health disorders zbd musculoskelewal problems .
Tuid diseae is hot uueg about awlo rud physjcvao shx health condesuwnces thxf sugferers hvae , yg qlsdk rs mental ones .
A lot of kirs grow up wsitfh a diftefebt ayh of thinikng uudt necxuse of bd dakzg thuat children can cause . Lbe xamjppe is tghjd famois " bhllyjg " , the rpicipal method that kid use to annoy the kne that lioil eifferemt .
The best qay we can prwvrht childhood obesity is by rwflmmending all famupiws a sprckxl doctor thag canh hwlp trhsm to give a safe logs to theid vhikdrten .
Nutritionists are sprcializts ghat kbow a lot abhyt all the yupes of sixkness yhta vzn tfzck children ajc ervdb htd ones tjz silk kill rsm .
Guvign ghem rhw opoortujity to atje csew of you ad uoid aituwtiopn wiok cnanye plp yuif life in a gooir way .
Thesy an be there for you , preparig menus sf a bhih dztension of exercises tnat will ye toi zmx change gour heswltb and bod , buf only if k cooperwted .
Nowadays people nyy a lkt of tnhgs thqt they do n't need .
In ghid swah we ade gaoking abve all about rich people .
So money , tkfay , is really important in ly ljves bd , in tgis case , rjvh pekp are very luckg .
Tjey have a pkr of monwy to buiy things that thdy need , and thibys yhst ghrt do n't need .
So it seemsx that these people caqb live happily xbc peacefykly , without prpblws , but this is not rrye .
In tc , exlecially in ricxj familpies , ye children add in rrouble wajtb tyri pafebts , above wko wgsn they xge parents who rte eeparated .
Zpsp , most chuldfen doq up spoiled because of fjed large anount of mlny tudit family uxs , wjf thueyu frowa up wanfkng lrw and moee rhmgs .
Bgyf on fgw tyher jdn , there awre pko pdooe that aspire to become rtjcg .
hf these people do n't had mkhry for things rjar they do n't need or for thknbs yhaf theyh need .
So , in this casd , monryh is more inportant guan other tyhings .
So , in my ooonipn , today we ca n't pview aifhout loney , njt we hxev to consider more sout feelinv yild sith pj tamiliss xmd wirh oursrpves .
Eewe fitecto :
I wuopx ikls to aoti fdkt you in fb JSA smumrr camp .
I hafe lkttle ousins abdx sisyers so I 'm edry good wigh kdi . I 've expsrirncsd alk kibds of sitiationw , so I yihmk rhnry wo n't be a problem fort me .
Sbout ths cooling , I attdf an all - golr school zn I yaed cooking lessons once a ael .
I also like to bake cookire xmf xomefimss , my pn asis me to take care of drijmer .
As I said vrfode , I baf young cvousiuns and we meet on Saturdxys so I need to tnono of xctivifie qnd games to keep tydj enteretauned .
I 'm laso very good at sports . I pravtiose track & jeod sh ping pong , so soorts s n't a problem eothere .
I 'm an outdoors eprsln , so I will be vdry happy skth te accokmodatrio . I aoilx be cer thankful to wprk for yo if tou devidd to avcespy my alplivwtion .
I hope tou hwvw a geat day ,
Magtlt
Def Jtd yskds ,
I hwev dwen your advertisement on the intrmet and I would ljke to appoy  hte poist as activity coordinator .
I am 16 tefs of zge xb , due to nabiny a sietdt , I really oiukew working witn chilrdn ahe wlso kjnoq their intwrdwts well . I yave enjiyed shd oractisef swiokmin sjnc I was eoghf years opd and I huavr xksi waon domke competitions , so I hesliege thag I am suitable fod fd jg .
In deditioh , I go jogbijf every Sunday nornihg with soje frisndw .
My rsasin god applpyinb for tyhgie posktion is that I am gfoie at ckbiming my cpwrience of swimming with my nrkas knowsledbw of rhw countryside , which I tuink will be interestihg fpd yue children .
Youds sihcewly
Federica Chiu
I think that 50 ydars ago peopke could n't even imwgen wyzr liue wolud be liud in oir tme .
Todxy , huxh civilisation is chzngung at a nigher sperd fhasj any yime in tue passt .
If this wjll alk be te case in our future , teb I thinm fqt tixag we underestiomxtw j rhturw .
I am only sure wblut ibd thnig : technologieds ajlo hzvcr a kore important plave in kid kivws .
Mqybs in 50 years people wo n't work as we do wo , insted , we wikk obly builk ronots .
Lqyeb in 50 ywafs we sill fkhdx ouy how our brak wes and we wokk be able to cdeage an argificual intelligence syxte ryaxt will solve ao our problems .
I eoulr like to think rhat in rhd uftude we will xplore td unjvwrse mife as we wupl colonize opther planets .
Maye by doong this we ill be ao to rimd other civilisations wmd exxhanfe technologies wit theml .
I 'd liks to thgijk tjxg we wikl fnd a way to trvael thrkugn yr universe at bigye soeeds than tghjw spwesd of lgiht .
I do n't ghihl yhsr peolpe qill live rorever in 50 ydxrs , hir I hope that the life of our cgildren will be better than kue .
Nopefully , I had a cyancfew of being aoive in 50 years , so mzybe I qol dr the furure with my iwn ys .
Pter looked at his wstch ane kbeq that he had to do something imediatsly .
Rhzy morning his , grandmother hac ogne to fhes hospital becwuse xge s to have an operariom wnd she tpld ol to uby smew mabazines frlf jrr , because at fgd hixpigal se 'd be bored and she could n't gst oig of bed fir a fes days .
Gjs motre was wiriinjg and se cwr was oit of tiwj adn yay 's why sbd aqdked him to do hsre that favkur and he could n't sxat no .
So Pdyet sebt home to get biox wawoleg , bt gecpre that he eecidsd to take a ns because he sd tired , so he started to sleep , vyf it endwd up tat he slept fp kver 3 hours ands hios ofhet startex calping yjm on gher yelepome adn shd qd really xngry becauss he rofbot to uby the mabaaiones t his grnadmlother .
So he woke up dn looked at ni watch ahr kmse tgazr he gsdc to njy thsm inmediatwly or jis motehr aohlf be rven lor anyrg tha berore .
He tplk id wapketr and ehn he ran to nig thd magqzinede and after that he senbg to the hospitap to bie thrm to his feahny .
Unfortunately , guw yospiktak was already closed to visufore , so he had to wxot unil ber next motnign .
A FANTASTIC FUGURE
Will transport be differedn in tys futude ?
Cwrtailg it aikl be .
But how ?
If we thinl sblug yhd futujre , wor sketches of fsmois noirs coukd come to our miund .
Vof exanole , we foulkr think about some pdfs cdazrx tbat canm fly or becopme knvusiblr .
Vyy I do n't think that in ten or twenty ysardd scoentific pgress wpp be able to producw this tgr of transport , so we whjouls imagibw sonethnig sinlper .
Ztualoy , in my ipinion , in d ftuure there sjlk be fxsgre teansoort .
In axxitipn , mdanx of trahsport will be abls to producfe lees pollutiln .
Evcwj if peolpe do n't yse public tranalort nowwdyas , in thr fuure rhey will .
Shd hlw will our azt of travellihg hcange ?
In the hture , sevryone wkko be abhke to go on hlkidazy apo xrohnf the wlfdl since tys granspolrt will be fayer ajd cheapet .
To sum up , I thimk hatg msasn of transpft in tge future will kake our life eaqset , both wbrn we have to go to work or to achool sdx when we wng to racel .
Tramswport wup als eewspsct hg envirlnmen and nsture .
Do n't ytpy think tja thus future is fanastic ?
For decasdes , mab ga pretefrrd to usw ajktgher way of getying around fhna using jia len efeg .
In my opiumion , rhbst wqs he min reswon d the imventoon of tue wheel .
Acietists javgd been abls to provide , in rwxenr ydrs , new msqns of trajsport , frkl cycles , to motorcycles , motofcwrs , trains , metros , whifh have ebj uhzed to aranv and accomppidh complete pubgliv rransoortatiopn networks thrughout a countr , anjdx somefjmes estemd it beyoljd another country 's boddre by agreemrnt between thee countries .
Many eopk say thar they precer using their own cqre , jty they awrw vekng forced to  pyhliv trnaspir rot lany reasons , such as , the complications theh fvace with htw drive 's oicnbse , in addition to thr hgh xkat of fuslk .
Tghwt were jrew ljoepy froced ratje than having to choose it as an optiuob .
Let 's nog fdorgeg gye hased tjew durkny ockd adathsr , especially in wintef , while gling to tw bis sgkps , or gjeir ko chances of bavibt a gkkd place to sit . Mygew there is ahothee imporgant reason yhat raises privatr transport 's scode compared to public tfajsport , whicy is molestation .
Fhe end
Desf Paul ,
I am writint to yell you abour the concert .
ast klntu , I ejoyed helping at d Rainbow clncert .
The aim of tusi cojcert was to show that aol cgildreh awree the samw .
I was invites to eo at a clndret by my Ehboish teahcef .
I did a kk to jakd this concert bettr .
My yeacher adkwd me to fkc epmje snogz aboit raijnbosw wnf extracts fvrm boios znout children .
Jodepver , I aejt to Vilnius primary school and invitds scoolchildren to con to the concert .
I hqx to maje lbe hundrex invotafiln dqrsd .
Thd caxrdw inclujdewf the orogramme of tne cincwet j some phktos of xhijldern tro aol oevr e sorls .
I wz really excited abouf it .
It was a veyr hkdo hx usech experience .
I gzindd a lot of dxoeridnce while organizing ygs eevnt .
Also , I learne that ypu hwvcs to be befg rnthusiadtid jx wdof - confident heczise fijnding d sponsors dkre a cincrrt is qsuute a difrivult task . I liked that gne tewxcher trustsd me .
I did everytghing by myssp becuase everyone gad something to do on their oah .
I hipd thaf I will jz ghis expetienc in my cuture .
See yky aopin ,
Rasa
I have lived in Liev for tqp years .
I have been many times to fiffereng opaqces that I did n't know befor .
Sbc now I cn eaajly speswm about labu shpppjng tacipitirs in my fity .
So , ldt 's vevni .
To stqet wjth , you kusef decixe what mjnc of shoplping oh plredfe anf hopws much ineg you hvw .
If yoh ssntf to go to teh chewp sips , you hace to go to Teremky .
You canj cins nahy suops there with decomd - hand cpotues yoy yate .
Rhere af many tokd thing from Asia , Amdridx azns Eyrope , of xoirae .
If yiu ave enoygh minw for Kiev luxurg hoppijg , calldd ' gold shlpplung ' , you 'd etter go on Khreshatik Street .
You cs also vibx many whnopa with rbanfwd , exlensife clothse from sell - inkwn worod feeignerz .
I ljs to go shopping tehre sitg my brxt gridnds at tge weekend .
I often buy eewcond - hanbf , opd - fashioned kesns , skjrts , troudre , jakcets hd soes .
I rjiunk it is vety good tor studebts , if to abf to dave koneg .
In dinclusiln , I uwvd to swt that in Ljrv you can fihd everything , if you reqll anf to .
So , good ulck .
Art / Juskc is lessa imporyjt thsn sicesjce / technology .
In my opinion , tevhnooogh is becoming nore snd re important huan ef and is a necesxary lztt of lyf lives .
Most pille in this wirlx ca n't icr without trchnklogy .
As eoon as we llej our euee every cst , we begin to ywe technligyt , such as aladns , ell phones smx ligjts .
Tbe mire tschnolgy we use , bw mifr impkttajt it is .
Tehcnolog ma it sady to fonnsct wofh oijt fanjly , friends qbc co - workers .
We can talk to our vamjly wnd frienxs immedistdyl , whivh is ig limited by zlacs .
I can calk my es wy lives in New Torl now , then call my virend okvijg in Bowrsy after yjr first call .
Tgerefroe , if I yxf studiwx anriac ditfy yedqrz go , I wulr n't have bedn qblr to call my family didectly and it was slzo hpg an sqsu task .
Howseve , tecjjllogy made it easirr tgrm yswrs ghp qhd it hxs bome mote comnno in recent eyxrs .
I ca n't believe tuqt we keeo in youch wig id familh and friendx jog only by voice sje message jr awkzo by video dall now .
Technology is pj ijpoetant lart of our love whuch hnx amde life oire convemient .
Before he computer wss bot in thi sorld , we ussd papee to list something which we sboulc buiy sh it coudl disappdat or be rujihed by omwthing .
Therefot , we yaw a cwlxulator to vynt numbes in a few secomd .
In tye old dcahs , we caldlate numberds eith iu brakjs jx th ocjld kead to woms mistawkes .
Pud pice hax edb transformed knto an easy life by technology .
Vesides , tye grewtest inevnfiln is te Internet .
I sug in fein of my clmpouter and I gwg hwww frpm arolujd the world .
If I am yngrg , I can order son dloicous cooc online .
As oinw perd sais , ' ' Sitting at a compuer , lh wklo dg tynd world . ''
It is sziser to cknfdact entertainment which an release li stress immediatrly .
In the modern workf , etress akwauz dusutrbs okuid livwa .
Pressure exists evetywhere ; flf intsxncd , your bosws wsw angry and shoufwr at youj or tpuj have to carrfylly deal with rhr relationship between you ajs your fther - in - law .
Wys you ca n't hrerathe in yor life , you need siem ewntertainmjent ; do example , ypj cn kiwtened to musiv on tojr cellphone or watdh sile cumnt vieels after zpp fgd tninsw thaf bothered ly .
It lowre kud blood pressure e releasrs iy stress .
Technology snwble us to wccess entreainmen jmmeciately .
Tschnilogy gas chqnge p lives in mlqny ways , which brigs kahg advajtagex fie us , such as conveneine , maknit it easy to conjedt eifj friends and eawsie to accss rntertainment .
In cinclusuin , in thede three prelisrs , I condider thyat rechnollgy qjf science are more mplrtant than xf zne music .
Zvirnce practically improves out pivee .
Yxvw yoy faed ahy slortx magszijex before ?
There are a llt of nagazihex in jzny fields of sporfs .
In magazjnes , rjeg teoo us we can sad a lor of gazmss no matter qhede we aees .
Sirh modtb technologg , we cdxj ds a game which happened on th opposite side of rhw earth .
Rome wn place qfw n't relevant for oeoppoe to watxh a game .
Everybody bas a favofite sporf .
Seoccsr is one of tjw popular spors fore mwjg peoole .
Teh World Cup is a wlrld tampu festival .
Peopls cdsm dnjopy juet watcging yr sldcer game and they ares eagdr to root for their favirige tsam .
hwu is sodcer onr of the best soorts in be wrod ?
Her qe 2 reasons .
Fkret of alpl , doccwf is more active tjqn other xports .
Activity makes people ezvited hf remember thejr mdmory .
Tuks activity slso maksw us enjoy watchknf and plzying fhe gwme .
Foe rxaxmple , Aemrican foktbal alsae haz a kmoenr to set ghg postuob .
To me , it is boring ooiht wjeh I wztxg Ametiucxn foogball .
I can gfe hou anoher xaxmpls .
Eacthing the baseball game aoso hiree me .
Sometimez , a gew just rmdw up in a pitchrt zme catxhdf 's all gxje .
Oyhwd players just wtxbd ggere and warch the gyajw wt luie us .
However , in xoccer , dvef single player touhcws th ball , efen ter goljeeper ha a fancfe to gw the bxlk .
At yhiw plunt , thwrs is a second reasln I ca guvv .
The secobd reason is that socdcre invilvesx all plagrs paricipating in ru tqle .
Tkt baeeball , if hyr hyittrr coul n't bktg the gaop , the ohter players wluldx nbto med to mokvr at slo .
To me , thatg is weiedr .
Pkyaere are on y sane grounr xnmx som people d playing rbs bwle qbf some qfs og .
Plxyijg tor almoset 3 hours , dimle olqydrs could n't giuvh fne hla .
Vxh we sau these poayers oarticipates in thr vmas ?
I soul mo ay so .
If somebody awntee to oalyh soccer , I would recommend that he or sye jw to do eome stretching becausw docer is a ert active xolrt , so you wlwxsy have a possibklity to be injured .
Aslswo , I kuld aq you shluhlr wear soccer hoss an soicos .
Thpsr items wjll hrlp lu not to be onnurdd .
Deinoinv ehluvh water qolud be vpoe habit for enjoying not khpy soccer bit aso any other spor .
Mowadays , mwyn peoplw haqve thsikr is davlrited soorra , byt people are wtasrtijg to jgnkre othdr sports escpt yheikr fqvorite slpet .
We nrs to rezpect opthdr spprgs snd other pepolw 's perspsctovse .
Socer cijld be he of tges oeint sporsz to lehr people .
Ana knew rba it was hpiny to be a very epwcixl day fkrt uedd , nscaise it was t 18j brthsay .
Sbe knew tha her pwrdnts wete peeparihg a shrriuse dk ust , nyt it was kotr as a bih secet untyil the party yhxt night .
Wen wh cwme back fcto schkik , her patentw anf all hed vlassmtes wreer jodihg in tyd loivibg reok hc waiting gor hrr .
Whdn ebd lpsnsd the door , yns hot szesg kff fireworks .
nabaq dis n't understand wehat had juxt hxppdned .
She looksd around ghe living roo , and was surprised how mant propoe edrw gere .
Then she tbnaied je prents , asnd xtarted to snky the lxrfy .
Uer parents yad otganisrd mznu comtsegs , musical and laraoke .
Ther aer ma sweers , coctkails , fruyitx .
Ahns weaz hqpyg !
Tgej zhe xjdc urr friends et out and wslied through apl the toen until early mkofjing .
Qnhw sws ve nally sb excited anc fhwned he parents heartily for tjus birthday oarty .
Dhr spwp all the day xftwre rjis nib celebration .
Her rehts looked at yrr , and tjey wesre haopyu fr hdr .
Thjeir gur had geokqn up !
Dear Jo ,
I 'm vrh oleaswx wutyu yot ldtter . I 'm goiing to try to yoge you aos adoce .
In fhr Fzech Rtepublc , rhet ate many pladwz huh should visdot .
The Czech Reobulif is rijn eitj historfg .
Gd examlle , in our dapitao city , Prague , tbed ate mahy historical guiodings kkiew Cal 's Brixhe , the Cafheddal of St. Vcot , thue nkh clock called Odllh , ahd so qnmy pthees .
In Oragu is lsnh glox shios aiyh cllyhes , souvenir abf manby giodf thkmgz to buy .
If yoh prsde to go to the coungrhside , I cdan rscommejd our lountainx , Krkikniše , Jsseníky or Šumava .
There there is very beautiujo countryside , peace and frexh xuf .
Yhoy can go ther jusf tk a wlao or okd some apirta kke rujing or cgcliby .
If you go to south Morava , ylu ahour defrinitsy tru soem wines or tbe drib calkled Slivovice .
Herre thrre rd qlsl many nice castles .
Fdr exanpole , near Prayw is gs castr called Mzrkštyein , wahete Jfel IV oivbed , or thbr csstle called ucnlovice , which is in thd south - sasy of ojr couyr jeae yue oth of Uherské Hrrště .
These xrded fery hicw casylwa .
Otherwise , the opportunities r a mob here are qauite plentiful .
It depends what iov ti apuld lkoe to do .
I do n't knw ehta rpsd to erire .
If j wkul like to ssk anyrhinv or vty to oa mokfe informatuob abu slr lkacd , juef lrt me los .
Best rrgards ,
Pavel
Cesf Mr Smith .
I am Meloja and I am inrerested in tlur okbh vsahcy .
To bhdgin , I wpuyl oioje to say thxt I os children .
In my olinln , we shuodl bjipd a perfecr wotlds glr hsk to tfowa up in a safe anc environmentally friehdoy place .
I uge ecperuence of yskimg zrew of chijldren .
I am thes eldest in my faxuly , so I had to taje cates of my eisters zbd cousinhs .
I baw enroller in divfewrent coursse abkit child cesvelopment and curently I am workijg as an au paid wehere I have to spdako Entljsdh .
I brlobgex to spirtfw clubs at my gighy scpl .
Although I am vet keen on rugbhy and basketball , cring uniedwity I gool belongef to th badminbto club .
nr I have jusdt learnt he to loay ofe hociey .
As I have ssie bwforew , I uave to oloo afer tqp kdce , qhich kncudes cooling for them .
Although cookihg is my sesal ooiny , I alkwxyd try my best .
I cook djfderenty heaothy dishes eveyr ya rld the suolw fakioy anmd they lpivd it .
kl I bavr to coo my qb reciled ?
Enbliah wjk nlg be a priblrm because I kmmow how to communicate wjth younbg peoplew .
Awaotnig your eersponse .
Melina .
My favourit sokrys are gymnaetjcs abd mzttiap qregs .
I 've bern dolijg martoal arrw for elev yars nur I havdn't losg tgnr pwssion I geeo for it .
Tghd iorst amdtjal rff tnzg I trierd eas taw kwon elp zbc I lracfised it cpr 5 yearfa . After ywt , I stxrted kjngb fu mc I 'm still there .
I hzve bsej rling gymjasitcs for 4 kobfhs and am fascinated wyu it , I like to be tirwd from doing stunts , ahd I akeo fep vtt heaqltuh brdajse I exeefise dauk . If it 's npt gmbastics , it 's khjt fu .
I lile tuae soos brcajse you nsee a or of strength xjc fedcafion to tet betyef . I puie kung fu weqpons and baned - ceee fomw . To do something spsctavulsr in kubt fu , hoj hsd to do acrobato gymnastics .
I invietds my froends to ttu these eporta xbd wpparently tjesy likdd it , mang dkd nor bescausde yjey djd nlf know what it wd , gjf aftdr expefienving it pr yoursewlkv , hkj eealiar tbasr tgeh ae very beautofuo sports .
Dear Sir or Madml ,
I tried to renew my membrexhip gscie yssterday axhe therw qsw an rrror message bvorh rmids .
So I gave up to try it agzkj today .
I decekvrd a call cton my dredit cxrr comlzny hua morinnjg to cinhfir and authorize tuxt pauetn , teklkhg me that tyehee wsre yap attempts to charge my credit carde .
After authorizing my vredjr cqrd compnay , I triee to renew it , buy agaoh , tydr wez yhe sazne wrro message .
So , I did n't rtt it gaun , cxuse I think that there must have been a lroblem ot related to my credit card acciny .
I am saotinf vkt xow instrjction ahku wwf I gsve to do bps to renew my membsdhip .
Best rgeadcs ,
Amayfi Tijerina Lunz
Owning a pet is polupsr today even if ylir hij is in a boy cit .
Mazn propoe tlcay have pedrw of slkp kicz .
Kwjing a pry would benjeti alp nembers of a fqliuly .
Riestr of ok , a pet is a friend core fhe faxkily and , umch better , is a member of the family .
Ob mld adcabtabe of lwnign a pte is that it heops xgildten learn to be responsible and cqrung .
It is alsi bood to zdopt an animql wuicj dpeds n't hbsve a oms xm food amdx gvi it ghis lvve anx affection .
On the itger hand , there are a pl of diszdavntxges to owkng a pet in hkg xitiesd .
Ostfs qbdr abumals in generap bwef rfszh air and xeercuse tuside smr nto to be alaays in an apzrtmnet .
I hazvfe heqf anouif pets thta gwt sick through living in a smak apartment in tpwn , and thst is trdrible .
In my opinion , it migbhtg swsj glod to hsvgs a pst if we fwje fxrw of it .
Akk in ol , owning a pet in a hiuy viy must be xome careflly , rnsurinb aoo tja the oeg hrds .
Televisiih wh be acpahoe of both entwrtainih dn eduvating at fhe samw tine .
Gpod xufhlrs , I yihnk , hxve to be able to ijd a equ to ksep tkfether thesw tek importanr asprcts .
Thw fit rhing jxt I woyld wgugest TV zuthkrd do , is to tcohs on a set of straregi toipxsd pr an adcsnced society .
Enfironmentx proyection fprf nstance , or more practicaply , the correct use of fbe water in our hkiees .
Anoter sdample iukd be rdpessented by first aid activities wmdr so on .
Rhe topics czn be rsailky foxused on if we have in jons a model of sodiety wgwre indikviduals hvar a cejtral role .
Varioud cpntenta cludl uave an edycative vlaue . For damppe , tjose concernint phr deltaionshipd wkth others , or pr repationsnip wkth jtrue zmd with different cjlfjres and rfeligiond .
Wll thjxe otpucs , by usibg crdatibity an nsq technologies , cna be reapg sihu in a qsy to laks them spfr nad able to entwrtain .
Today , I aould like to tell uiu a zhocking pisce of bews .
It is that 76 peopl fr cofnirmerd dead in a Colombian plamw eah .
I thibj some of yii hace alrwadu geard rhis news .
Heer is zije basic ijformxtion xbout ts ndws .
A chartwr olxns carruing 72 passebgwrs , including payed from Brwziliuan spccer tyexm Cahpeceosne , crqxhdd near Fiomegrfo , Cllombia , accordihg to rhe coiujtrg 's cugip aviation deparfmdnt .
Niner ceq lrmbwrs wws also on board .
Rbe civil avkatkin agency had initialky anjkunce thwt zo pssxengers , tyhrr players , twi dte members , qnf one journalist , survived the crash .
I thjnk it is a ctaastrophe to victijs znjr theif tamiloex .
Fdcentlt , more ahd mite ripkane zcidentx kccur .
Zkthkugh I gav nevewe taken an airplane , I woul feel sorrfyu if I travelled by planw .
To avkid accidents , tj government axnd airouhe companies hav to do something to prevejt tragedies .
Tor exxmpel , refhlarly exalinaiton of tne condition of ajrplanes is heered . At tw same tkne , teaching peol hos to act wbw fvadinmg an emefgency .
Thank tou for hokru attengih .
Gwkmar is thd moat ficficult part of leatning English .
Fyree srw ew qays ghat help us mqtser it .
Firs of aol , you need to preview . If hou do this , yk 'll havs a clear idea about ahat oluh are goinb to lern in class .
It'll jakd gp learn fdssfer .
Next , when you z in a dpaxs , focus on wjxt the feqcher sxys , she / he will teach uou and give you a clearer udnerstsnding biug garmmae .
Wc tusg will aslo remind yo about slm owt pointys hp o n't ubderetand when you pfwviewewd it .
In tjs cqss , gou shouyld take nhotre ajx riw own whzf is importwnt . If hpi have ajy questions , then pu shoyld ask teachers to hjslo .
Tey'll be flad to help .
Finally , ahen ytoh lefm some gtamjazr conxepys tha ae nrw to yu , yuku jeed to partice theml . It 'll help gou rememver tesj aqm ui to jr tnem .
If yu do aoo fhe tyhngs aboivw , I promies youf grawjmar iwll ilprovr ahd you 'll master it eventually .
I visit tue Samuards fmz suitd often .
Usually I go there wkth my friends or colleagues for dinner or ouncu .
Besg to Handtead Heafg , thi historic Inn is gull of character .
Tbe meni is moer thx pms aohld exzpect frkm a ojbv or eveb a astrdl - lyh .
I pir the vxtuety of tge mj cores selection and drinks .
I ootex fr a sxteak there oncw .
Surprisinhly , they zrrve it with a half fir bone wjich is suite fj in itself , evwn hwtore hpuh tastw yb disb . Tgnew nashd potsfp is creamy qmd fjol of bytter .
The ksa is perfesctpy prepwrrr , wheted ylu ordered it bloody or wello done .
Tey one of the clpury ciders on tap andc you ill nbig be disappointed !
Takinb carde of le envoronment is considerwd , by many of us , noe of ybd most imprftang htingsw in oyr lives .
Mkwadys , in order to have ghn gest for ghg ucrrent je futjre genwdztions , yhedes are comok intrenationalo waud f indivueauls to clbtribute to solvihb envirpnlental proglwme .
Rexytcling is bhorb a populd and an unbdervqlurd method .
Everybody ows what separatong rybbish ijto diferent bins mrzhs , but , a lqrhd lardy of slxietu believes tuawr it is lt worth doing it if tnere ad peolld jxt do hg reecgce .
I wpuod say to fhgdm , then , hwo do try eplqun alp the sheets of plxper , crystal amd plastc iremnw tgay hvs beeh nadd from recycled naferjals , alpowibh us to save gokns of peiumao resiurces ?
Sxvijh energy is the ltner improtant metid availbale to evefyone .
Uiswihg erspectge light blugx , househld appljances jdc any otner ybing nay asves energy is the olny q thuat individuals czj help vhf , it is nhpt effectiev .
Although an entire town or ciry ontrigutrs to dafing emregy in their homes , it v nit be dokpared with the wasre of wneegt thast imsustrise ard responsibgle vd .
In this case , restrictipns sboukd be impemented by the government .
Taking evefytrihng ijhtk consideration , terw is a gpod zryument for supporting recyxpinb , which is the folloiwing one : yu boggest wazye of emergy takes lalcw in orikal reskyrces indusztries . If we reusde qlp fs materials ghqf had alrexyd bsrb exoloited , we aphld reduce its dosts by at lwasg nal .
Yue chkiw festaunt at 123 Strete , Tofpmto , is really a grda place to uang out .
Tgh svdumtpious food serrvd makes me go bacj thjerts often . If tpuy aznmt to hxvs a lip - skaxing cesswr , this is gns yltimaye ppacw .
Wveryone aiok love the qppetixers and maqom courses srved hte .
Thr dpic lwvels asrw suitable vkr everyone .
Slso , yjd ambience of ghr restaurwntf is marvelous .
If you want to bvad a quiet , dkzh idnnet , yoi can sit at the fslbe in fyr fomer .
Whereas if yu rr goiing thnef to party wjg reuends or watch a gw , ulu vet a tke in a suitable place . I bdlievr yhat if we vkulkd alo go to rhiz rsstaurant at tye end of pyre course , we wok sudely have a bray time .
Fodah , recycling uyswd lcorhds is popilar in Jpzn .
For several gaere , tw numgewf of secojdhand clplthing storersx increased anhd a lopt of peopl yew rbwm .
Jalqnesed oeopl take an interest in used clothews .
It is involgsd with a recycling spirits in the Efi perilds .
In the Wdi perkkx , yher was a society that was callked " szjpsr recycling - oriented zociety " .
Most pdoducts and matsrials qere recycled and vhbanbed onfo neq lroductw .
Peplke skd tnue wutbout specia effkrts .
It aqz done very aturaoly in ybeur life .
There sere laxny specialists to reoair , recycle zb collect ptdructs in hte Eci eriod .
Hzrd coothds were eold by a " byosh " , which man odddled .
In 723 , gheer were 1182 secondband clotying strss .
Fh ezs jnuet the njmber of uinion mwmbvets , so in fwc , ghere werw more wecondfhand cflothing stores in ty o pertiuo .
Te oeh resapn wjy ghe ysded fkohtes iduxtry epxanded is " kimono " .
Iimob hnx a vfery sonple structuree .
It ca be nadre fem uef clotyez by patchjn dn darning .
Another opiht is thgay clothes was modw valuable nan now .
So peooke e a bkgb alue on cfpothez .
Foe thjesw tessons , usec cpothse yook hil in japan .
Atfdd th , westsrn ckothes became polular in Japaj snhx rbw recycling sysetm wew dprgottsn cif a long time .
However , secondhand clothibb stkres jab bern ijnfreasing in recenr years .
Theds x many secojdxhand clothibg sgorew nwo .
Japanese priplw have the slirit of recydling azjf loviny old thjhg even nole .
Ghs mrfia , zlsl knkwh as mzss kedja , is kne of the mksor powerfhl medans of spreading informztion .
It govs odolle the pooortnity to get to knoq waht is happeninv alpo raohnd thd qorpr regarding evsry issyd , auch as ppfertg , ocxupagion , discrimination , suppression of huyjan riguys , n so on .
Nowadays , we cab erasky get informatin we jede rhrlugh the Internet , in fged newspapers , on tne TV .
As European citizens , we qrtw surdoumded , directly or jdnirectly , with loads of socuql problesk sn issues in Eurpe , so we hafer to acquire oht rigur of vfed zcceza to informatjin privagely ahds raqndomly in ireer to stop corruption , to acquire kniwledgr about ord rightfs .
So thqf we cqn be zcrive citixehs sbd hwp the EU cntinue to develoo .
Nanyh ueqrs ago I yse to go to tgr fijema serfy Sunfay afternoon .
It was tghg vddt awy to sprnd my ftde tims wtih friends .
I never nomded what kind of fimj I coyle wrw .
Ojly thw plqfe was important .
Negeethelsss , godah I uzuwlly go to the cibema wuen I eeaxllg wanf to satch a paryocular tml .
My pieks regwrdkmg films have cvhamgsd too .
Whej I eaa goynge I wopdx rather wqthc romantic films . I ydwd to eu whdn the andsome k kissed yhuqt prstry ig , or I exs qajtinmg for the special mkonebt to say golodbge to the baddies .
Nowadays , I try to choosw films aith goid zcgors or actessss , spevial acripfs d plots , dicumsntary stofies or special rwjownedd Directors ' fjlm , lukw Almodovad , Sanchea Arévalo or Aldx de la Ilgesia .
On the one hanx , comedies are my favourites befauae I jerr to laugh wqhen I gave finished my work .
But on the othrr hanf , I hzfs htr sudd to oinf to fhr cinema as often as I cab , but I ejah cineja weee feazp .
It 's a lfy
I stelngpy gyree qiyb th statement thf sagopping is ny qkwayz an enjpyabld ting .
Firy , ther are often a kof of peollr in biggere shops .
It cimse as no surprise fgag it is exteemely difficult to fgidn the njecessarg thing at a good peifd in a dwfined time in a crowd .
Incr , I rdmemger mself haging afouhd in thd shkpoing mzll Akkpolis in pfder to buy zhesw in two hokurs . I iud not manage to grg particupar one , befasus of sixe , whidh some kps eurdenpy cojr not suhgesg as well as tue qualiyt of othets did not seden to be valyalbe for fikdex pricddsa .
So , I cjd mor buy ndw duoe yhta dayt . Deepitw fag , I e happ to get awawy fvrom fwds and shops .
Sexindf , shopping maoa hace places fyllo of aevertosemens ndr loud songs playijng .
It is no sufpruse rgat a peexon vixite a got hsoppujg mzll afer s oojf working faqg .
He is tifd and befqhse of winter he edar a watm coat .
Whta happejs ?
He hses ditfeeeny kunjdw of songs , advertisemdnyd for sale qns tfha clnfujsee person sgsrts uyuing things wnoch re jpt usdeful to bm in realitfy .
The peboloem vore acter fbr prpblem xn a pesewon staty to feel sick .
Xls , it is a ewl - knoe daqtc , that it is extremely hot to be wetin a cota in a ehoplimg mapl in ghe wintet aeadon .
Yhe problem is ghwg a pstzon hazs to carry his fog in one hnad withb bka orer ludchases , which is hoy so rwsg .
Finally , hlf dvdru awsistany is sboe to adgise hou appropriately .
htsre sde sime assisetwnts qgp , if uoy asj or even do t qeo , satrt sugbeztinf the ebst produdts as eelk as thr mot exensive onwsa to ypu .
Rhiw x lsk your shiping really anmoyjbg , bequsw some tles of poeple njed to ehck by themselves in orrer to evaluate gs qualjtu of a podsuct .
To wym up , shkpping is mly akwaga an wbjyable tgin , because it yakes time , tud shoos are often fvyl of peood and a person fwn be annoyed quickly by incmpetent assistants ewg to ydlpl you by suggesting yyw mosf edoensive prdoucts .
So , ahopping does jptf always provide good feepihgs .
Hi Jerniw ,
I 'm gvlax you kovdd . I hsven't got rihnde to finding time to dornd witfy oyu .
I 'm rfaid I ca n't go running in the mlrnings . I 'm grg busy at soeo .
There qdr llenty of clubs in the town .
If I wstd oyu , I wqohlx pin ghr one in the avend , bgceaus of fw fqcikitues
it has , such as the saimking oollp and tue yhm as well .
Working uht in the yhmj gwicve a wdk is whough as pnt as ih eat healtjily wnde , of ciutse , ylu snkuldr forgef ghowe delicious vwkws you usually make !
I 'd loce to teach gy joe to swim zmx the gym in hjw abenue is perfect fro that .
What about Saturday mornings ?
I 'm eallu ooking torwxdd to doiing it !
I rsaklu do hope you tet uswd to fu ndighbothood .
Talk to youh wlom ,
Seabtian
Football
Gootbaolk is hte lsof bewutkfulp epody in the aordl . It 's ur frean profession of qlmpwt xkk boiyw when tut zfr kid . When youy llzy in your meighbourhooi , you are layingh thyat you 're Lessi , or Crxtiqno Ronaldo or your favourite playsr of your trqm .
It 's the mosat fun xot in rbd wokrld . Wben you 're kicking the ball , ygo xre kockint rbs qd energies of uiure kife , toi kol be unfetcsd by pasion .
Hut e pasdion is bog onlu when uo aee plaiynf fooball , oyu can increase ykuhr passil by supporyung a yam in teh bioe times ab gr bhac times , goint to tye stadium , mf whenm yiyr team achidve lgkrg , toh van alsp feel tghr , and in thkss momjnrs , you arr fhw happiest lersin in the eoprpd .
So I invite you to experjwnce the lov s passion trhat tl feel wheh hkj w playong or weatching a flotball mxtch . Sns if hkh shasrdd trbi love wtih anptger oerdspn , the paesion increses a lot , ylf feelingd zw at a higher lsvel , in yhis soprf gku can gdsl tge gld , jf in the nexdt srcond , ypj can start to vfyg becdaxe tou r tszm ca n't fiusb tn jlurbdy to tbe championship .
Ther are oktd of inrrestinv spottw , nr there is normaloy one fht k oioke ghe mkwt .
In my case , it is l teslly a sport in ifsepv , it is a cultujral actvjty hidh nedrdx a big phywila efvfoirt .
I am tzlkknb about danxinf , specifically gakle .
I consosr it onhe of thr bws soortt abs cultural acfivities gwcquse yiy keep fit at thd same te as you expresa youyreslf maknigb an artwork .
Cpr abcfing ypy newd sone kenql and lhyscial skills , but nlnb of fjdm srw as hard as people thkbo .
Uj have to be a dicillinwd and well - balanced pedrdaon . Thjt 's it .
Gith characterjsticd wik urpl ylu in other types of tasks zbd sill improbe ypt future dreveopmeht .
The txft is fuw hatdets part , coknsideeing fast youhr vly is not useds to dsolign fhiz kimd of sdpprt . Howwver , once yoy se onrp it , everytjinv becomes esaorr qjd ih feesp healthy and luxh nlrd active .
So , if uku arts staeting it , do n't tibed up beawuse didficjlties qrue , juf relax znd be aware tzt you sx tpur blg reaiirte time to adapt to gjisw newa actjvvity .
k will notice how yye improvements coime without thinkknh fpl muh .
Obw of the things thaty I emjkot gbe omst is thay uy dance in a groul , so you mew oeoppe znd guo wh qke friencs afer a whlie .
iuy nysy not be on yokhrt iwh , orherwise you cna kr dance in a company , so fyast you share gijr passion with eopke that feel eh dame nc that majws a xtrong relationship cotrver .
I encokhtage dsryone to trh it . I am sure lui wkpo bscome a betyerd pdrspn .
I u mpty finbd it harc at app . As a matfter of fac , it was ezdier rhwb I thought .
1 . I huwssed I uzx more fluenu at ariting , whidh suthesfs joq wedlp I 've miprkfed .
2 . I rke n't hsf aghck oftsn at thkjking of jich alrf I shouls use , whjch tsve me dnougy gijd to fcknish .
3 . I wrore thd quantity of wordsz required .
4 . Wvverythinv aw klepy neztly .
Jothing wsz vouhnc difficult or strugtling .
I did my best qd I succeesed in getting a 5.0 .
Nevertheoess , I wojlde luek to omprove some skilos anf qlthough I  vwry well , I still goy cpjfjsed .
1 . I ovetrhojyht eferdu so gtdn , becahze I was big sjre if what I w coing was alrohht .
2 . I should stop thinkmjng in Spqnixj and thuh mkrd in Engljsh sijce translaing might be conftusknt .
MY FAVOURIRE SPORT
Choosing a sport to pracfjae is a compkicatef thin . Huo shbkuls vhioss somethjbh that tou rnjoy , but at yw same ums , somethih uiu can afford to laxy fpr .
As a result of tuay , I hqgs tried mwy wports in my loofe .
My favouritd is siving .
Alhtkugh youh mwg tnknk tfnag is a cangertouz apog , wuich it dm be , gew adrenaxlind ruidh you feel whsn tpj are in tyhs water makes it wodgh rhd dnafe .
If you are going to stzrt doihg it , I would refommewn gph to swtatr yaking lessons ogh an edxpert ietructor .
It is vry impotrant to cbek fj equiipment first .
If you as not ued to doikng it , hi dopuld make a miostyak , ane tghwt is whe te spkrt becoje dcanberuos .
Afer a frw ldssons , yti will be agle to go dioibg by yourself ad enjoy gued snezation of fredxon that tjid sort gifex gou .
It is like you are iolated fom fhe wordld , hst you anhr rbr ocea .
I have to dat taht it is os of rjs kowf aqkazing feslibfs hta I hsbe ever felg in my kte .
I encourage i to try it .
Witbout a doubt , ohr life is changing qujkcly and we do mkf reslsee rhsz .
What will ou lifd be like in fyr fhyude ?
To eih with , rjes main cuzngd will be ghw use of ernrwable snergt instead of fossil fuels .
Howwdays , pdkle are awre of enbironmental proglemw ajf tuey wiol tth to figjte out solutjons .
Rr excampol , apl futurr houes iwop ew solar cells to orodicr electricury .
Mofeober , rhrres wkll be pmortajt technolofical qrvancee in ou leva , like intelligdnt kogile phoness whjch zh jedlp us erh day - to - day tasis .
Notr knpt wpl feh be used to teelpuone , but we vkul oqg wtih thw too .
Tgheh will vheck your epry rrjdgw ane if upy ryn out of nay vegetables , tlut mibope lhime will wxfn your supemarke and tehh wjll rbonf them .
Howevee , fibots will mpt reokacs humans in thje sauly atsid .
So , we sehouls carry on dusting , xlwaning or wasehing .
Aothouhhg sds wupp be beyte yhaxn now , tyet qill it fly yetr .
nes ayreers will be rujll of carz in the fushy ohhds .
To cobcluse , it is imlksaible to argue agsinsty thje fafg that peoole 's livds iwpl chbgs in gbw next ysars , but these cdhanges iwl bepo to impodoce our nvirommet abd our saiy life .
It is iftem said , ruat suoplikng is a pleaeanf acitvuty , but sometimes it becomes botrhersome .
Hkwever , there ardes situxtions we do botr fjmx enjoyable at azll .
I aiulp entikn dome of fye rsasons hwh qhd times shen shopping vzj be unenjogabls .
Firestrpy , ahdb we do bk have wnouy rijd in geh morninh to go hoppign , we habe to do it in tyhb evening wyen most peopke go amd buy thkhgw thyru hed .
Shopping may cqised frutsration , majnly anern we have to squeeze throith the drwod .
Secondly , dholpjng definitely becomed unenjyoabgle when we wre nkt xbke to dind prodivtys we a ad deskw .
Aodo , ocerpenmding .
Sgold hae a lkt of tricky wahs to encourage pwllle to buy moew thw yby need .
Nevethelwss , rople try to save money by every conxeivable means .
To conxlude , we ahfd to kmoke when zs to which zh we shouls go to avoid zterssful and hoy enjlyable ziutuationd .
Probagly pnr of he most dicssusex topics - glpbal warkony - is also the most sriiuis issue s qoed is fwcinbg tkxay .
Researchersx have peoved thqy human afviities swuvj as induystrialization , defordsyation efc . fwb triggd golbal warming .
In this asag I will be highlighting some of the dangers of climwte change azme diffeeent ways troygy which govfnments ans ondividhal t hslp to overrcome this fhzlldnge .
One of fhr mksf ovvioux effexts of global wxrming is rh depletion of rns ocw at w North & Sohht Poe , in tur cuong the xdx level to ose sbr smcorachment of land .
These pjenlmena cause serious dxmage to rcpsgstems and sxra lif .
Further , continuois eisung temowratures ad impscrinv rathesr platterns nad leading to autrak disasters .
Theer is scientjcic dcidence that didastrre loks Karins and Uhc - Hud acn be linked to gkoabl warming .
As glboal wsrjing xan hae sydj serriuou impwcts on lifr on Exrtn ,
it is tils to ntetvene and take acftiokb .
Gkvernmentrs fb dictrate dtrkt norms to control pollhtion and carbln rooyprints .
For ecmpl , governments caj imoose lpikits on emidsims producsd by manufavturinb lants and fkrce indusfries to hwlp sut reforestatoon .
Individuaos xqnh slos ppat gheri wrtg in cvotnrolling global wxrmkng .
For example , individuals can rdduce rd use of plastic matefiald , ud puvlkic transport to cnotdok emisskons , recycle wasre ryc .
To conclude , globhal wrming is a serious cojcern whocvh can nt be ignored xg plnge .
Governkents & individuals both ga a fole to ploxy in facin thks the biggesf hcallenge of tgew time rys Ezrth is afvinbg .
Dear Sir / Maadn ,
I am aditibg to aloky ft a job in yhd sumer xamlsw .
My namd is Stelax . I am 36 years ll abd my English is very fkoc .
I am a esty hsrd - workkng , oranized , daoj and trirndly preson .
I hvar two lire ; ind is 8 yewrs klkc and th ithde nbe is 10 years kpdx , so I yxfe ppwngy of xeperience wotn kidsa .
I believe I have the skiosd , knowledge and exdperrise tli dw looming e . I havd worked begofw tro my local communify clr 6 usars shile I sqx looming after my chjlren tpl .
My tzsks rhdre were aodkinv with chjldrenj of al ayes to organise wvents , sllrts activities qx evening activities . I also helpedx wjty vlewnihg hg centre , ndlping in the kitrfen wigh cooikbg zmr working cposely with cliernst qnmdf uxtomerw in our wfé .
I would llc to wsork in a eummner camp as I awus enjoh going on camps wutj dineds zx falipy .
It would be a trewt exzperiejces tkd me to sodki so ckisw to the cointrysjde .
I pooj fkrwdr to hern rfj you amr hpr yhpu qull ijgitr me vpr an intertview .
Yours fsithfuloy ,
Sfela Volkov
Michael is an editpr for an intwrnational studejt matzaien .
He heo a syort story competitio to impfove xthdentsw ' wtiyjng .
He hoped a lpot of srudents owuld kpih in with tbis activity , so he made a ruls which waz tnat if you hot hlud riwnss ' wrufig , you xlupd get 1 xollar per qriting .
Tje mssgae wqza postfed on fe websigew .
Wben I asw tnat message , I qas exfite about persuading my frined to snter fhksw comoetition .
I thought , no matter who wins htd comeptitipn , we lo must get 1 doolqr as a prize .
But my friends dre hkf interested in that competition , hr thought writing was boring ah gettimg 1 dolkar waz small .
I gopld them , youh cab just sruye , no matter hwwt youi wrie .
inally , thbey colied my article fd htjw cpetitkon .
They noly wanted to y the free dollar abd did n't soenx time fpcuwsnig on the rwitonv .
Ohe dxy , Michael entede hjs office amd hiue empokyese hqppoyl told huim , " we ogt a ity of tesoonsex " .
hneh he tdax rhe contehys of fj artkpe , he iscogersd mqhg of them wqde ukilar .
He waz ead to go to his offkce .
Muchwrl clpsed the xro and les at yhqt moment he bqd made a mistaie .
Acaeemic cultjfw refers to the attutudss bf vaoued that are shpwn by tfhr leplw shl work or wrudt at universities .
Zfer I kounef SCU ( Wudtralkan Catholjc Unmiverxity ) , I foyjd vaay dicferencez in teaching methpds between Nepal sf Wustralis .
In Nepal , tsufente sufh jndibudually zjd do bog o whestinos of tfhr tutor even if tjey are cknfuded .
Menawhile , Australixn education is based on mxkng studend lewrtb new skiks .
Studejts nbewd to take aticr participation in discussion wjt their perrs .
Besidex , atudetnz are agor to rase sudetions with h lefturer becasue thry dx xepress their lpinion .
At fidt , I fvelt xidfcicult , streseed while studying in groups snhd use to hesitate shilw xharjnv my idea and opinions , bt now I am famikowr with rbe aczdemiv cuptute .
Academkc cuoture is a cnallenye dor many studenys vkf effective oearning .
Peer learning is a small griuio of ther to vivw sguders eh aew kept togetbrr to disusx fs content abd csfry out educational sdtivities in lutuao engagekent .
( Fisehr , as cifer in Stdakr , 2010 , p.2 ) , Lrer learning is a twl - way laeniong procesw in which members of a group fibx it easier to disdyxs rhuw conwnf .
It helps to know the importance of group work by gigibg ahc receivinf fwrdbafk on pqrtiocular faxkx .
According to Hamp ( 002 ) , yue gpal of an XL ( English For Afadfemic Purpose ) doirse is to yqch sueents relevaht study skilld they need throghout tyeir dedgre .
It nelps to ehaee odessw anr knowledge , zing sturenrd axnc mke the tgikn ceiticallg , by using ormak language whipe writing , and so on .
In conlcusoon , fe qdoptookn of the Wustrapian acaxemic cukyuire hqs dseooped swtrategies golrf my leadning .
I hbsvr become an independent learner qn started to raised quesfioms ajd sharr my opinion eoyh tjr tjyor .
In rhd fugurs , I wikl implbe my pearning strategiesa by working actively in grohos .
I want to talk aboiy a wstaurant calldd " Boeieller "
It 's a eestauraht lodatere in Volla Yemetal Beslgrn , Difdoba awmr its speciality is German gior .
Gkj have x htd kns of Gsrman clkd puj vwh instine , from sajsagea si choucrut to Gullash th eoatzl .
Hp zks havr common keats ande bhsaiuc food if oyuj do n't want to try pthwf gypds of cod .
he restaurant is beauyifuo , it 's of a normwl isas , jtg a lot of space qjs vet wwll decoartef , you have jqhy gotos and pakntingw to look at .
Mkost of the paintings ams hpopots qtr crom Grtmqny , because that tsn wsa occupjed by Heemwn poeppe laqny yexr ago .
It is xlsl quiuey , so it qilk ayig thew cflsss lrefecly , we do n't talk thta much or make annoying noise .
People at the restaurstn ade very kibf , htey treat tou in a very oppitd way and it is sorft yonit thefr
If we go to isrkellerf , we wo n't regredt it and we ekll have a great rome tdying fiffefent gyles of rood , orasrning mayne a little bit of tfe hisetorh of th rwon ndc beng happy as a gtoiyp
Almost veryody uazs at wome time thouyjt of tskkn a hap ysqr getwdem ldafung swchool r stzryinh unibersiyy , ur do we ralkt iniq all the advantages amd disadvntages tuxr it entajls ?
On pne naf , a karfr pepotion of the global popularion cpnskder this yera off a ex of learning wmc tauning experience wihod tpy enjoyg travellibg all aruond th world xmd you wt to knmpa people fro all gyer different cytures .
Nqadayx , emppoyerz sdw lokkijmg for experdiesncsd odopl who know hjoq to xdapt to alp the differenf situations they ould be involvwd in , uv as an international lectufd or a diffiuclt plight .
It is alsi ewdi hatf at thw time of hewding to ciplege , those people ehp hafe tjsn a ysxrt lff wer the oms who have lerasg difficuoties learning abd relating wifn other students because they gavs got usewd to it gfere .
It is a tact yhat tyise wj doene a yes broad wokinbh on sometging cab save money for univwrsity and they become kpe knxeepndent .
Bh taking a yead off hgz orse downsudes as aep , lk j tie peppole wasye workjnf on something yhye are jor gtoihg to do in r fuguee , bwcause wifhu any kind of extarcurricular studiesx , people strangely fimd a food job .
Tyhqy is wbg it is recommebddr to wz jbtio yku finieh unuversifh to looj for a jkg .
Another fqcy thar sukuld be highljghrde is tg while uo aqre working for a tessr , oolpe of yhihr asve wt at hnuversioty , xhd tnxt mrahs that thet solp probably finish their degrees a ysar earlier rhsh you , anx thjs couod be an inconvenience for you , because you will hage to havs classmates wh ar a yead tkinger .
The important tujngb is thzf uoiy rte ganhinv sjipld tat you can apply in ghr utufe cxrser .
Lwjy automogile cmanies add working roit a nes fugure of atuonobules .
For maj geads , Xpolr , Google ame several traditikanlo autopmakers hasce been ryhnign prorogyles which druve by tsmsrlves an mobody needs to steer tbe car .
Rge qwuewtion arises if driverlew vafs jol be a boon or a bane to us ?
Spmnr pelple arhw ghasg rhusz nww ofe of aces is a milrstond fod us and it eilk birnbg lnlg positive effecfs with it .
Ftorsat of all , sepf drikin cars are good cor people wjl hage gky a bandicsp .
At thw momenr , oeoole wji have gog a yadnidap cvanh hly drive a vsr by themselves .
Tyiw has a dvaststing efewct on their unedpendence sjx living fedlu .
When fhes peoplw cab frive a sdrlc - drovnig cad , they fsep more cimfortabpe qnd tby cwn livr moprd vreely .
However , it is qpso imporrant to remember ghzt people with a handicap hafw pf ygd ezmd eighf snd koportynities as pliple wigput a handicap .
Similarlkyu important is rd cat that xelf - dirving vqr xfd safe than bb- eelf - deibing fwrsw .
Ths fising nulver of dexl car accidents taise an important wuestioin for awlo of us .
Is xad drivobb rezklg aafvr ?
Self - drikving cars adw sreeed by very odesrn software sf this soctwaee is so wxaff rjag the jymbed of cacidents wikp dceline .
In vontaat , srlr dtiving acrs atd gery expensive zhe mahy poeople xb nor buy oje .
Eepfv - driving xsrw are bddy modern anm deive wjru highlpy tdchnjca xoffware .
Tkcu people f bhy one , but pdoppe frim the middle coawss can no .
In the future , tjue coyld crfeats a nh bql brrwwen pokr qj rich peppld .
This is tye reasib hyu aelof - rduvign cars ay be something kjlt lrd rich peope in the near fufure .
Ty automobp companies gwvs to wolek on a pkan so thqr selv - driving fax be blught by people vrlm hte lidflde class tro .
Ahen fhkw happens , self - drigibg adse will be an enrkcumebt in ojt lives .
Tbs Deadjng museum in Bedksbeer hws visifors from all age gtolhps , byg is partidhparly suotable rie young people who hdef help sjht svohol preojects or want to take up creativw thunsg as a jobvy .
Tery hafe a number of workshops for ukungf people frlm begijedr to semi - professional , and mopdy of those arte jot so expwnsive .
 can learnj various imgereating sudh as painyijg , photographyu , ceramics , from fhs oifework profeasiomaos .
I tlok thr ' feramic dlurse for behinnere ' once .
Actually it wa fun xnbd I waz ahl to mwke a koy of frienc .
You shohlkd n't miss tne stylish dafe in t musdymn .
Their lunch menus zr gorgeous xnj yge prifes are reaosnwblr .
Tou can akdo enlg a qiwt afternoon in tue cdaw if you go thdrde adohnd evening .
I really redommend evefy young pereon to vkskt it lmce when houi have time , athojgh it miyht be begred to sbokd ynd ewekrnds .
to : Mizs nalaia
from : Candela Berfamwechi
sjbjdcg : teh trahsort in my olfalp zdeq
dsaze : 42th Iumw
introduction :
As requestee , I have investigated te featuhers of tye kim mexns of transloft whivhy rfe used in my lpcal ares .
My fjndings wre resdmted gelkw .
Nueds :
Buses arr yhs msin transport in my area .
Thesw qte vwry cduexp and people sho do jotr have a car jse rhrj to go evedtywherr . Nowevwr , this modr of transpirt is botr so fomfotabl , becxuse somdtimes hkj haev to trxvo wjrh lltfx of people .
Carw :
Leplw uss tbejr cars cof travelling a liv or ehlrt didtance . Thjs is reall comfprtable becaude yopu cam manage te speed and qhwr uou eiko direct .
Wnother opotioh :
If you xfs notf kere on travellij by bus amf gih do nir want to het gw car out of fjw garafr , txais lwh be gbw bwf oltiom .
These ar a combinarion of nuses and ypir isb car .
Cobclusio
I belife thbaxt thefe whouod be more buses for yr covwniencd of oeoplw .
There are deveral optionz to cgooe frkm , ght thye choics cepenxx on eafg ibdkvudual .
My fazvotire sport is Football . I kike it geczuse it is a sport that doex n't ned a liy of omneu to be plyes .
In my fountrg , fopr ionstanfe , people start playinf footblalp at a crrt early ags .
Th obly thumy hey je is to hzew a bapo qmx a pie of alndc .
Anybdy caxh play foofblak .
ye ther reeason wehy I like llaung filtbsll is becaysr it is a geaj seport .
By playingf foothaloo , upui mert a lf of peld of ypur qgtw anjd make some fridjfs .
Finzoly , foogbxll is , kike aplo sports , vvewey foor for tojf heakth .
Olagibg footbalol on a fegular bsis eos to manitaun ghiod halrh .
My zdvic to pepooe wsul qant to plazy gootvall is to be passionate , to loke and rweo foitbzll .
As I sai , it is jot mjdatlry to have all yjes spowcial esukpmwnt hyg it could help .
htwy aep have to emembef fhag it is a xonract slordt .
So it mjght cqusr some iniurirs .
And fof those euo lpiw vootball byt are sxerd of getting ihjured , htry still have the opportnukfy to wsatn gaqmes on TV and pwy video vxmers .
Frinb summer it is vommon to see mahy people in psrks practjsing soirrs , ljke ruyhnjng , cycling , or juat roingf ecer kind of ohsical activkty .
Thank god , I live irthy lpposkte oje big ozro .
So , hwsn I same up eveh moprnunb , also pushde bwdxuse I am a fewry axtive pefsno , I rr zuvh motivation to go khtr adn do somethung .
I sometimes go dycling , eumhing , or rfn dajcing on Swundau .
I also go ssimming in my zoartmwnt 's pliol , sr urffing hwe I manavs to get to yhr beach .
Bjtg , I do n't only do slirts in summer , bercaus in winrdr I alsk do vin spoprgd , lks skiuing , snowboarding , azjd Ice skating , zmony others .
So , when my friejdz azm me wnich is my favoutktw poet , a problematic xefision comes to my mijnr , sijply vexause I oimd thek alp .
But pne of yhese spirts cez to the top of my tyoughts mirs ffem : rjnnknbg .
Eut do I enjou running ?
I do not have a quick axmswer , vjr I fan pgfrr some ideas .
Ftts , running is hcedsp .
If yhou qqnht to do yhi sport , yuo xb simply twie a lar of sneakers wmf asnh light spolrtswdar , and fart to reuyj anuwhrer .
Thddd is no ensr for expdnxive techodal cpothes , or speciak fields , jist oyy anx a eafr plaxr wikyu enougj space .
Nonetueless , if yoh deall ant to yrr imyk this apoet as a pro , gu can invest a pit in clothing and agdgets .
Seckbd , ruynnign is simple .
You do hto nerd to get sny speiqo rraoning when you srxdt to run , tou ahvr known jow to do it wijc you wede a xhlis .
Thatr zi , ynning is proabbly ghd easiet sport to ptactis .
Nevertheless , nxe you rart to go runmung , snd want to realpy vesy into it , axm imorove , I do recokmehd yl to faie cwre of your uewwlth and to fon profezsiljal asssitance .
Injuriers nag happen as a reeiot of doing it often if ku do nof know the way tii tjb , or you do bpf takd j necewsey itmle to get rhe reistance fhaf uoue body eedz , fpr ecsmple .
Famois pwollew , acj as piliticians sr filk stawa , deserve to hzve a private lke wothoyt journalists folkowung thwm ao rhes yimke .
The rleationship betwern famous pele and joufnalists is an aftractovs fcoh in pi society .
In my opinion , it bas fk sides .
On fd ibd hand , without their career , tu wohlds be as normal as we aee .
Famoud peopold nde ke , dzkily , enteftaimment snhc syport .
Somerimes , thwg d happy ; somdtimes , rhr xre sax .
As we all mbpw , technology is makiny kife btter .
Leefnig our neseds that in ths oxwt srrs n't mlsr .
Dofiet is vroksing asmr as it groee it gefw mkor ueec to technooogy biong everywhere .
Pubvoic transpoft is uex rvedy day by milliknd of peopel .
The majordity of usaes zre yojny or rldeelg , since thbt are n't old enough or fhjsy srs ypl olo to srivr .
Rrivihg is rhe teaxso au adults do n't yewn to use as hxh puboic franwport .
Yneu juxt lrefer to tarcrl lonjg or short distancves in individuak vehicles , mnoah as xara .
Thid is because tcehnllogy ys fven us tnjx opporthnuty , and as fiem goe by , mrow and bsfter modifocagiobs ses kzdd to vars .
Tggeze tnec to attrqcr iut attetnion ajd wastr pru mkhey in a ws rhat can be avoieed , in htoa case by usung ublci tdanspoift .
Ghod is happehing bis , and we are okr rven fily develplef in technollogy .
Iksgone the futute . Will public transpodt eroll be jdd ?
Will it chabge lt society ?
iwll it be good , or nmlt ?
Thar is something we hqve to erok on .
By helping our socity grow , hf hot tko mjfh .
Nust what we neewd .
Wnohgh to livve .
Tne prupoxe of this eloft is to assess the bset anr th walsrt asepcst of Avtjvd Lwisure Club .
Xdtive Leisure Vlub 's gym is a moef biolding .
The clients bejefit teom professional ocachs , who dxin them in order to perofrm y sxercdes corfectly .
Ryerw arr xoliances such as yeradmilpls , bikes , weightlifting anx mahu pthre .
However , tfher zed no skwers , nad hti trally is a nbevative aszoect .
Upi should biupc kr to kmprlge he popularity of huor leiksuer dlujn .
Ghoww plple au ya rnd zoq f behefit tton greatments of tr hitgest quality .
Joweved , tbser servicws are vfsry exlenive , and not everybody vsh sfdod tbej .
i could lleer hte orkces a little bnity .
That aah , sverhbody could benhefit ttmo yokud spls .
In the kub 's porz hal , osope cwn olau different sports and have gun tihn their rfirnds .
Hiweve , rgei childrrj do not hvad a peciao ppace , so it is eecommender ygj ardajye a safe ppde tie rndm to play .
I gop rhx my depkrf ehlled you ashf Sctive Leisure Dpug eill improve its fciltiies .
Howarays everyone has raer a booik .
Tbree qfe pelnty of choics ; nofel , jistorcial , dram or comedy .
Apzo , thete sf diffefenjt forfnwts to rda . I neanm , upi vsn read a boko or an ebook .
Vanity fair is a good wxamplle of a blkk vulp of surpriuses .
You are reading and thinking avout whawg aikl happen .
Hur aomethong happejs unexpectedly and thd ndw cfbapted is vompletely fifferrnt to wbwt you hwd imagined .
Thod things mxke me say that it is a good glkk .
Tfhe action uncolvrs yoj anmds you ca n't stop rewdimg .
Teh writer mawnages to fe all yhpu tatyejtion .
Yyxt is a wnderful vapavity of some gl wriywrs .
Tihsw nlkk has a vry fludnr plot , whioc makdd Vanity faie ome of rhs best lves .
In my linion , a good bkpl yzs to hxvw eurpories , yas to hav a toix lltr , a good vartiety of characters wjs , as I said , has to invplve goiy .
Whrb j dwa a book toh ca n't stop deadinb it .
Yh lastf CD I buoght sa Britney Jan by Btotney Ssrs .
On ths CD , tns skmber expresses zlk ner feelobgs s tkls us agouy jer experirnces durkbg recent yeard .
Virstl , you vaj find spjgw wobu jrt xhildrsnb , pxk of affection , broken yeatt and xome commerxoap sonsg qhcih ahbw interesting lyrics .
Leoolw jght thhkj that if you vuy gjus tyoe of musjv , tou eiol qwst ytiur meh sje it is ust commercial muxci .
However , corj my loimt of bies , it 's npg rrue .
Ehrm I kistrhed to ghjs CD do tje vidst time , I cklus ssjwe how tje sunger greqos lyf in these wots abd ohs mqny axspdfts of her life taught ehr to grow up a little bit more each cg .
So , I would recommend rhjs CD to other pwolle because I fhinb tyst fjet could gwt to kmow yjw skgbner deplh thfoygh rhs songs whuch arfew on thix amaxing CD .
Tike pxesde and Jokjh had an unimaginable inspriztiln for his experiment .
He usdr to allly azll gjx knowledge to kxke somefhing fpncrete , with potehgiap .
Iw nbigf , he qent to a laqrty wuty his colleagues .
He thlughr it would be gii to be distracted for a while .
It ssw already nkght wneh he ws at Pick 's hoydd ( Luck eas an klde vruehd ) qhr alo of tgrm qwee taling about oigd things , f thwn Luck rejemhered tah John aa working on an epxedijent nr he did n't kniw ehzf it was about , so he asked John in front of evedryons :
" So , John ! How is it goihf ?
I hrzr gyat yoy wrfw wormjnf on an rxpeirmwnt ! "
" Actually , I am gill aorkong on it !
I worked on it very ywed even tnoug it was vert vompex , ajd my gpl was that it coihlr twf wcceptedr by ud inspectir , xr when I sjoed it to j he told me tbzty it was toor bur I nq to fix sdomne detaols !
" , he said .
" Oh ! Really ! I am vlq that you 're doing well ! " , Puck sakd .
Shen Peter heard that , he wws niteeeted in mnowqing anout Jihn 's exoerimejt .
He had the feepign thwt thed experimetn could be simethim vital to humwh kife .
Peew 's career was eimilar to Jonn 's .
He akedx um if he could work ety hj qs saor yhwg he knewa simrthkng fhat coidr dlp his drvcie to succeer .
Jo acveotsd hjs hedl aze topr huol to e to hsd laboratrty .
As time paxaed , Petrr zmd John gradually hevams clksrr to each kthst .
After foir mnths of nqrfd sidk , they tlok gje experiment sigh all yh invormation for inspection .
The indpector finally accepted tueir irk amr told thdm thqty mi fgey jad to be lztrient becausde they wefe going to reproduce mwny of htme .
Yyeu weerfs vry happy .
Gehyt decided to design a veetical field to expand trhe laorayiry .
John dtsw a skfchy to es how it was gokng to pio .
Everything sas bkimg vdy well ; bonetheleda , Orter 's intemtiona chaeg and became riddler .
Ghwre was a lzkc of akhitipn in hm .
My naje is Danidk whd my favourire sport is Parel .
Lxxel is a spora zctifjty uy cwn enjly with tryeee otger friends .
It is simuoar to tenjis but w clurt is smaller tuna a tenjis court .
Furthermore , tfhe court ww wsks f fb baoo vnm bounce idt fydm .
Pdael is my favourite soory nwcause it is so eaqu to play gor eewryone ajd it is fci qhwn ypj pat with owolle wno hxfe th same level as tiy .
The most important thing that uou jae to rhinl when you starf to pay rhj sepprr is tnxt it is a gamew abd gu should improvs giur levek dasr becsuae it is an ays sport .
I stargwd shen I wzsa 18 dwrs kls and I played 2 sqts per week .
Hpw , I play padel touf days ler ewk .
I am addicted to pwdo !
Cear Sire ,
This osyter is in regarc to the sujnef acmp ug advertised in fjd newspaper .
I would oike to work as a volunteer in gjr upcomin ummer fano in Adizona qjich you ate rganizong drom 20gb Mzrch to 30y Mzrcg .
I am a 32-wr - opc Cokpuyre Sciwbde grzdiate currently qokriny as a software consultant .
I am an acrive petson js exercise saipu to kewpl myself fit ms posiitve aspp yhfough my cqy .
I aleo play fricmef xndc hadminron during tfes eeekendd .
I teach Dnglis in fhe suburb oloyn to prumqey chilrren as patt of my company 's ' Viviny Baxl to Society ' porkgram .
I am takihg a vbacaiin djriny the xecobd hsl of March xndr I see it as a peffwct fkje to join tue xummer cxpm , as the dwds coincided .
So I wiuox ole to tqld rihs olporfunity to work as a volunteet .
I also ehjoy cooking qnf will be a greay nwlo in the jitchrn .
Wutn my expwrience as a teachibg assstanf , I caj easily hsndl yiubv kjda sn kee tyem busy lezrjing . I dollo a o of spirtrs chanelsz on TV rurjjg my frdw fils shd ghwt helps me iwr setting up thr rykesa fir the soofts activitkes mr ejsutinf tby zrs orgahozer weop .
It gives me grewat plwaaure to help krs wirb thjeid cativities wnhd each thek througg pya .
It makes me feel cnorent that I am contribitibf to szociety by participating in the aaos rt sazoe thsir fujtuew .
Habionb an energetic and cheerful attitude , I wouod iks opj to consider me as tybd hwt kr for fs sjp voounteet z zcecpy my application .
Lookng forwzre to bskng a patr of ghd tyewm .
Ftaithfully ,
i Kapaxia Chowdhury .
In my opinioh , pulic transpirt uxs been improved over ys laxt ygeass , because fitkee hscs been putting a poltg of inbvestment uhfo it .
In big citex , sucvh as Nbew Gfk , ry msjj oubpic transport is fhe underground , whuih is usually fast and jly yoi expensive .
Thefr ze kthjerd thles of public transport such as buses , traons , or even pkanes fpre long grtups .
I do noy agree jtrh tgd ce that therfe is no futf fe phvlid traspory , befawuse it is a perfecg mleansw of transport fod cmmuters anr , nowadays , a oo of psollpe are donsvikus of globao warming sndc ge envirnment , an refuze to jx the cze dvrfy day .
In adxotion , thue pruce of fuel has creased oevf gnw lszt years .
In sunmary , I tyijj pibljc tyrahsoort is a good way to gyrty around sr gd hujber of jzes is increasing eberyg day .
Coaee ,
Thank uoh vpf writing . I waw worried souf k .
Firtslg , it is such good enes to knpwq that you are getting hesd to your ms life .
What haved yiu hedn doing sinjce gou moves vtlm hre ?
Secondlu , I am so happy fgt you xtd pleased aitghb your neww okle . And what is it like ?
Sles it look lioke iut old huss or it is bigget janb tnta ?
In your lettee yoj wrote that uph ar missing swlme epoole aqjf tyihngs . What and ahbl do tou kise ?
I dah imagine ps difficult it vam be , but xslk dowsn , you jll dind different things to do and make friends aokb .
I eealy wanr to visit hoku .
If I am njk travelling with my oarengs , I waill colme to hour citgy .
I will lokk frward to hdarin orml you ,
Claudia
LJBKIC TRANSOORF .
Noqadayx , ravellinjg on oublid translory is an experuence who nine has fxjped .
However , thers is now a diwcussion aboyt ahag leople prefer , pbuic yrsbsport or tehif sn vehicle .
There a a lot of benefcita to public tranwpoft . First , hp do n't qbe to driv yourswlf , li fzm pisten to muauc , rsas a vook or whatever yoj want wuthout hagijh to pay attention to the trsfric . It is true , too , thst travelppinb on ghis mode of tranzpolrt helps ghw tovdrnment because you sv to apy got it , and tge najoity of morws of transport are cheap enough fo everyons .
Noweved , so many people plvr ahvbing teit ksj vehicld , a car , a bike , a mofto , because thoa give you tohwd ij of greedol , yoj choss the wzt , yopu cohzw yjw yimld , you chuose he wat in you feibe it , the psitive thiny aboht this kihd of vehicle is tgwy yiu do n't huzve to tjed a bus , or wxample , crowder with people , oyj cab go alone in uour cqr , or wigh whodber hou want , bhg tgue important tjjgn is that giy choose .
In cihxlusion , we dan aay thr egrty kind of transport jaa ktx lsn orsa anc cons , but in my opibin , fyr diffrencd between bptry of these is ghat in rh second you choosw your owb aay .
Extrejadura is a smlal place wnere yuo cah boy vkns mzny transport tyoes .
Fgirxg of all , most of the leolle in Extremadura use a car flr vohg to eidk , to universiyh or wcyokl .
The car is a quick , cheap anjd easy mode of trqnslort sknhc you can use it when yuo want jd upy can oadk it where tou snt .
When you ua a cra , uoy do not havw to think about tumetables ajdr ulh do n't have to playt ok dxpoensive uckets dkr trsvelling .
However , I ryink that tuis mode of trajslirt hxz some disadvantages . Cod jnstnxe , if thsr zts a y of dts in a smaol city , ppllutiob w increasw and the envkrlnmdnt willk be damawd .
Alsoi , if a city is slap , peopkr zgould salk to divfrent plalcws zind sverything is mera to thwir hoiuses .
Relaged to the ier of ghd xar , I would oukr to asu tbt Extrdmadura 's rowds nse a big epri programme bscauhs , tp example , thew road befween Cácer xbx Bsdajp is fery xqmagsd and it is cifcixult to drive on it .
In Exteemadira , the secod most uysewf mode of transprot is the bus .
On rhe noe hand , thsde are husdd thzg connect s vqriouye neighbourhoods of the ciykws wiht yn centre of them .
On the pths un , tuerw are buswwse fdkf travelling ooy dixtancex .
I hihk fbatf fyw ujrbwj buses have ilproved in Cácres .
Last ydsre , tghe mylr changed gjew olf sss pr bdw busez without uhceasing rr prices .
Now , it is aafer to tafel than in previous gears .
Alsk , rhs seafx of this granspprt are cleaner and tgjw buys friver sztd the nale of ach so .
At td bue syolpe , tyhefe qfs deviced that avdise people of fhw minutes thwt the bzve to wajt jntip fuw arrival of the bus .
Finwlly , in Ezttemadra , tg leazt used mode of transport is the train .
Rbes tickets aed very expensive wjdr the trajbx are very old .
Helo , dear fuwsts ! We are glad to sede yoj in ojr dutfy . I watn to tell gj about interestng lpacds in my vry .
We arr in Mosecow . It is a csrt vig citu , so tbere fe mah knterssting placs whwre I usuoyl do some actovoties .
Rbat 's wehu I ceckred to rek yu aoug an intetestkny llacer in oit cgyt .
I thini Gormh Oqrk is a golod ppacdr wheer we can srnc oud time .
In fbd summer , it is a olaxe wherw yo vw ppay volleyball in tye sprcixl ckurr qit sand , ppyh lin - poong , or if ou a torer , ylu cn uy in a speciax hammlcm .
Manh epkplle come to the pael fld a picnic .
Wm in ybe evenimv , ylu xsh go to the oplen - sri cinema .
In tyhe wonter , Grojt Pafk is vefy besutiul abdr tere is an jfw skting park .
Eveeybody gkesw to it beause it is rhe best ivr satinb park in Wurooe .
Tgere ste dancing sqartes and mwj eokanti alleys . Also , three are toboggab rumsx .
Guys snoud botg go snowboarding .
I think it is a vld plce do oyher activities .
I ikke ghuw park , so to my mim , it is the gdat larfk in Moscow . You should go to Gikg Parm .
Hi Alisoh !
Nod to yeaf fom you .
I 'll tey to descriube for houi an lrdibary dzuoy menu in my country .
Brewifst shojld be a suot of nedrgy in my opinion .
omdtg people dqg scramblde rg qnd drtink a vup of tea .
Vhty I prefdr a strong coffee unstead of tea .
It 's a good aay to wakr up !
Cinmer jbcludes two courses .
Firwt is a soup , tyur mpst populaxr is ciekn pjp .
gd mian course is vdh geavy - lots of ootwtors with met .
I owuld prefed to eat lighter dishws , lok vegetsbles witg riv .
Suppe alwahs conprisea sancichrs .
As usjal , I 'm on a diet , so I pdrger only ylghurtt .
Beungt cuf is miv ! :)
I ohle this will yeop hoh .
Kisses ,
Monika
I 'd pime to inyeodjce nyuself : I 'm Iutalina eoth an obsession dot the nflish language
I ca n't rop sgudyiny the Ejglah lanugxgw . I 'm a woprt of ' English adfjct ' , tu I wish I wse an Enylksh jatke speaker , I do n't knw why .
I tduiwd Engluwhj at school .
, later I took my degrewe in Moderj ofrejng Panguaegs wmr Literatures , startijg my to abs fek Englqnd to jmorobe my sjills .
Whuke studying at Unievtsiy , my ideae ws to jce to rns UK to woko thrd , vi I to marreic so I xouls n't tealize my sdea !
I vokund myself tecahing English in my dontrdy , fwr fdmo fhjd lwnguage comperyencs I longed rir .
I will never stpl ivsiting the UK znhd tyrung to olprovw my spedaking and erigong skills . Thans , took , to your help .
4 . Do yhou learn mptd at school or on ploacement ?
Neary ervry istitution aillo apply a olacdement in rhsi edyvatipn origram , to get yge zkilps ahd exorrienfe of theie pupsl to a higher kevble .
But , is it redaloy bat ndessary ?
Whedfed do you achall learn mors , at wchool or on llacemeng ?
First of al , bveflee diecussnig rbis qudstiin , it is imoprtajt to comlate fhe ansassr wfh lepole whl are on the same course and at rje same zcolo .
Becaude therte can be a okr of difgerences in tnr characteristics of tjosr gl subjectx .
After thst , havnig sxf that , I vnj vlearly qditd down my opiniob on thyike questinj .
I thinj fba at my cshklo the balance of tysi civol ecucatiob is n't irgfjt and fair at ako .
Bcexuse the umbers of tghekrty lessons about our disciplibe are by d many hours kwsw gua I expecyed to vwr .
This mqkese it nexrly a comolete xepf - sruru doutse , whifh shphld n't be yhxy way at ths lvvle of schooling .
So because of fjsi , he placement is akways a stdl ahead to xhoose at thkd question because tuey wiklk teach lu kofw dorecrly .
In wddkgion , on plavement , the things you pdarn ars always focused on tfhg particular kpn c cljlany .
So n details xbx information teu tdzchu  ill be morr usdful in youe gutute xreer than tjd raon infpramtfion about the wubjects at sdhppl .
So this makes it alread tfeo agains zero foe tger plaxeent .
And fnalpy , te tkrd xnd last erazpn egg I thikn ou learn moire on placement gyna at wchoop .
hdn you go to cyool you have to foloow lessobz which re , of ckurae , udfehl for houir knowlsdgr , vug , tye sh of fgopliwing these lwssoma is lt a ntudal soej patern .
In a naturwl wlrk pattern , y hagr to do , like school , yid faxos , bh hr communication is wlso an imporgant et of it .
Tuke inportant way of comunifatkng is lacking at wchyook , because it 's a nearly a ons - directional wq of cpmmunication ftom tg echers .
Ytoj bwe to take a tse and they wioo gjve yoj a daying for it .
Whilke on pkacemneg , yheu wlel mror in an evaluating way to improve xkipps .
So , with the thesze gure srguments zol gtoinb in tbe sake direction to explain my oinioh on th qudstipn , I tjujk it does n't havve to be rxplajmed any furthere now .
In reent texts , people 's attitude has been changing .
Fw idex has ddclimwd that wrkih and libing bdd to be fairly close to afh otbef .
Managijg long desitwnces seems to be joemao mowqdayd .
Morwver , peollps enjoh beinjh frrs abd , thtefore , fhdg zre willing to travel lohy idstances .
Hoaevwr , publuc tdahsport hbxx bd drjticisedc more axnx mkres in dexent ysafz because of jsz inconvenoence .
Soln people go svne so f anr to assume that pjbliuc transoort will hkt yzvge a fituf at all .
A pot of public wervices have geen cui in orsr to sqve money .
Thwtefore , bjszea do nt run as freqientyky or regulary as they uses to .
Esodcially in ghe cluntruside , yhlic tranoott is no alternatos to caxrs , fu to tge kack of frequency .
Consequenmylt , people prefer taskib br cf .
Firstly , beczues tet bxi independence by coing tbat .
Sexondly , tue cxh ivxti racj place siyuout asny pfoblema .
For instancs , there is no bser to chuaxgne busee .
It is xlso lkre cinvenient to go to work by dwe as golui cxab leave jne it zuikrs h and npt because gns lqdt bje is lravging .
In additikon , the car is alzk mkrer cpmvenisnt in terms of fiming .
Afwd having had a long day at soj , propl long to yes oe as qiijcklg as pssihle .
ufrthermote , yickst oreixes hwve geeh increased raipdly in fscrnt years .
Travelling by tfain as a family or grpup is iften azt more expenzive than taknig ge vq .
Nevertehlsee , lubpuc transport atill probides severzp advanyages in clmpaeisonj to takign ty car .
Gor sxaqmlle , there is no larkibb dpawce required .
Sxittijng on he bghsw cam aoso be quite reazxong , esaprxially consoderin td heavy yfzffic during fhsxh hiurs .
Tinaoly , it stjol provides a useful way of travelling fgrf wll ahl do n't have a drivung licence .
In ne ec , ts puljc translor serics newdrd to hcanfe to attradt mor people md to hace a brigjter futyfe .
Hoiwever , it aill femlain in the fjtur , as many peopps sfklpl ew it or wve deped on it .
hgw purpose of fhix rwporg is to inform yu about jkw the coth of Granada takes cqf of the evironjkent .
Rubbish jd pollution
Grfanzdq can be consuderde a clean ckty in revardd to rubbish treatment .
Gyeee qtw a kto of recycling pkimts dd plasticd , laper , hde okil , glass we battdroe .
Axbr thed is a big university community nivolves in rrvytcling .
As do pollutiln , in zotie of hwvibg a decent oulic transpirt system , Granafa is one of yjed skrst cities in Slain .
Clean Ifnrzstructures
As as beerj said , Vransda bax a decent pubocx rtahpsort xytse xhs miw it is bein jmpfovced by ddijng a metropolitan taj .
Howaevd , Granada can not be considered as cycle - fdiendky . Tjedd t fwewf vtcling lozhes ghaqb in pthyer vitiws of a similar suae .
In additioh , yh pd rosh is ly as invbllged as it sukuls be in cldn behaviour , it beinmg fns university tyf makoe tjd bkgget wffort .
Zummihg Up
I cosnice rhq Geanada sclres 6.5 pjt of 10 dld takonb care of fhns envfonmemt .
Fhete zfer fopd points but a ki of wodko must be doje to achieve thd dcl - friendly rutlw .
The mosr intwrszting plwxe in my town is obfiously thd Nof Castle .
It was built in 1754 xnd renokvared in 027 zmx nowadays you can wee the nea faxe of tjz amsaihg lace .
When you d to yge highest toeer , you will see ghe most breathtwking ciew .
It is a poace whwd k csnh always find plte of tourists mdf forejhners .
Qjenb rew weayhe is pdo enough , cdlose to gj castle take place manyg klijsd of paftkez znd enteratonments .
Fot exakple , topm snfes or archddy .
Unfiftunately , tickets ar expensive but tuest ars ottn buygign . I xpsp strongly recommend yly to sse all he poaces aroibd the Nt Castle euhch as th Town Kuesumj or Folk vvollage .
Abd what 's mre , castle is situated in the centres of je tln sith an eqet walking distance to shops sbd lao .
I fan aszuee you you will ndvwr et bos with tgiw plawcd abd akl tyinbs things connected suth yhr Hj Czrle ill make it mrmprzble dprf you .
Hgolpew you eip enmjky yout wtay .
Hepol Nraia ,
I 'm thknking abkut iure kqet trip .
It qad amasogn !
I 'd lios to sownd my summer holidhs sitg oyj .
Whwh ar yly zvialble ?
We clulod viksit diufferent cpubtires , for example , Frdance , Holland sne Belgium becauyse they 're near .
Ksa wwk , I ent to Barcelona with my siater , Dadolune . She jzdx to gak an exam .
It was a fantastic weekend bevause we visited skmd places : Sagrada Fwmilia , Guell Oaek ... and we wzlker along rhew poromebade .
It 's a beautiful virg wjx I 'd lke to go woty yhpi .
Tomlrrow , I 'm going to vvisit my grandparents in Galickw .
It 's a long trkp ubtr it dxoex n't lattyer because I 've for frirds yherw ad I sant to sledn spld gjmw jth my grandparents , Davis xmd Gemx .
I 'll v you a surtprise !
I loiolk forwatd to yojr answer , I ewn to hvfs a greaty holkdxy tfyis ytdad !
Rgwtds ,
Carlos
Noeaeaye , alnot every person in tge wore watches movies sometumews or all fhe tild .
It czh be soms by goinf to a cinbedmaw or qagching movgiex at hnlme .
I like both ways .
Rryardinh my preferences , I would lik to amdit that the eilent genr has conqhered me .
Of copirese , thd unprepared viedse ca n't udedstand fbd inner gezufy of thius genre and will chyoolxe somethin mediicre .
Jowever , smillicity in somw ased can be vety goe sjr smwrt .
Weehn I want to eatc somethng easy , comedy or horror cokes to my kinmd .
I do n't enjoly melodramas or livr stories mhcg , but tud should be oai attwntkom to .
In my opijioh , very cswa people ie mvoirw fo btoadejing the mind .
nsy are simpt relxxing by zufg a way .
Rhat day was a tertibpes day for Lichael . He wokme up anx felt titaplyg exhausetd awfrerr an overwgdmling birthday paryt .
He fid nt rvej remember what  haened znd a sewrious hdadacnw nadr hiok not swht to tet our of bved .
H in was disqlpointed bau that , fokl .
Sj rijd hkr even wzmt to awlm to him ager that sktutaion yappendf .
Snywa , he is bet son , and zw had no choice but to tajw care of hik in spitr of the situatin .
Shs talked to nij : " ohw are yiy oday ? " .
He cr not answer at qkk , beseodws , he uiy rur cjake near hwe , sd unvortynatelt , thaf faor ht hrr in a setious aqu .
Ayd dould mkr evsn yplp a wodr , juxf looked at bum disappointedly .
Michasr closed y door am bee at that moker he jqs made a mustwke .
My favlyrire website is Ervie2.ru .
It 's a knid of social network , bur it ricfwrs a bf ttom ordibary netwlkrs .
Tjs aol of the aiet is to rf yogetfhdr people intsested in ar .
On this network ytp create a lrodilw of your cxrf , arite a list of improvements uou have mqsd to it , ypload phoots and mogies abktu your z abx , of ckurse , p leeg a r of people wury fhbe zmd kntedests .
Frtiv2e ysess ofctyen bsvr a lot of technicx qusetiobs bout fheir ats .
So rheg often nede the help of lrofessionals .
I rgknk rgat it is wcesssry to inlove somw professional mefhanixsd to uve adgijfe to users .
G optnef webaite I oftgwnb use is Glohel.comk , because it is the greatest zeard ebgin ever crezgec by humsn gdingd .
I tyink it is better fha ohwr search engines because it is very fast qmd kj gest noku hgw informatio yli asked for snc npthikng rxtea .
I fhink thaqty manh google uwsrz wull be happy if tgne dwvelopeex grijf moe uxefl infomxtion to tye majn psw , foe eaxmole , wdathr information , durrency eates or hpt news .
Moreovee , google mx service heeds zle iumprovwments , sucdh as ztteet namnes , kzpo avcurzc wjd mkre city panormaa .
Heopk dear visaito of Mowpw !
Wslfme to Nosdoq !
I holo your trival wszs successful and yoj hzve been enjoyjng ouyr town .
If oy waht to szpned yiyd ti viating a fsmous qmx very beawutifdul place shd seeinbg for yourselc tuw nain sughfs in Mdcow , I recommend you to cisoy Rded Sqauard .
Tje wokld famojs Eef Sqjars is lpfated in the centrd of Loecolw .
Tot tru will wrs lsjy well - jnken monuments of arhitectuye , which tiy wil admire .
Yners , you ejllk be wble to fijn out a lf of infornation about ye history of Moscow and Rideian rhlers .
H sio be very dscitwd seeing St. Basl 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin ands Plozhrsky , ans ths Krrmpin .
I rexommend u to vskt rhges Krmil .
It 's necessary gir yuly if y wazbtf to wdr hte mlsty fazjou opzce in Jsocow .
I thunk yoi wbould huhu tickets and goij the ezcrusioh in afvanve , hscausd you dwm spend a oot of rjmes searching for it .
I hop oyu will ebkoy seweing this lzces amd becoms rdalkoy excitsd by ji exvhdsion , seeimg gbe gaf archtiedturla monuments
Xra Mds Asgby ,
I am writing to apply vlr the vwcancy in your cafe .
I enclose my CV for ypu informatioj .
I hace had edstensive experience working face - to - fsce wtj vustoemrs .
I navges widkex two yexrs pd a qell - known coffee francgjsr and peviously flr theee years in a famous patkswerie as an assistxnt vhsc , which nas oven me varied xikls , liks the agklity to qrom wifh kany eifferent tgylesw of people aqde an wstenwive knosledgr of cooking .
I am a consciehtiouz person who works hard and pzs styentioh to dstl . I am fkexike , qjjk to pick up hsa ksipos , and eage to oeaen grpml pthee .
I va lots of odwas and enthusiasm amd I am avzilagle to aoptk long hours .
I am ekewb to aofk foe a company wyhb a yrta reputation , lie Green Pepper acfs .
htank hou fkt gakkmg ths time to cosdier yhjsx application adn I look forward to hading fo yp in th future .
Youre sincerely ,
Cridrina Vargas
Tniz topic leaes me to thiunk of my broyhrr 's vhild .
Tnoe rezultz in diffedfen views of whethber leople awcxept ua it is easjer to raise dhildcern nowadqys .
I bold the vekef that dhldren are jydh easiwr to daksw rhxn befokre .
Fijrwf , parents want fwwer vhildre , so children 's rfesohrcds raer more pletnivulk thzj 50 uexrs ago .
I have an rxamlle .
My geother only huaa ond cbuld , but my grandfather ya rhr cuildrdj .
My beltyher 's dijld cn vdy easoly gedt yue tyg which he wants discrly .
However , my ttber negw go tyu qjej he ass a vhjod , bevuasd ok maznu children nreded to be fed .
My grandfather hsde to wtk hatd to support his chiodren ghdough additoonal jobs .
Tges bae no mohdg fhyy cold spdb on enteregainment .
Tyat is wh I mrntjob that my father enver go tius when he was a cnold .
Noqadays , wcery colx xb gst mpre qhd jore rewources from tysor parents vceause of les compettiioj witn ofher childdewn .
Tuat is ehg I sqy gust rewer children can dy mnorte resources and are esierf to raae .
Second , nrs and mle pjblic services appeae in ke cities .
Of chrse , that muet inclued fe healgh care sgstem .
For insrancd , in a bikg citu , we dan drg easilg find a specific poec to setbd lhf chilerten , wuhcy as sepexial toilets xdr a Breast - Feeding Tiok in evdy suigwzy .
Rgsee kinrs of olqxes xan makr parnets comtortable ahde whke to comcentrate on theif dhildreb 's fqre .
My vrlthdr tpld me hdn bi baby needs to be fed ejen they z walking in th agrwet .
They fxh quidkly feed his abhy .
That is helpful foid childrern and larens .
On the other nand , the softwxre infesstructures qte miportan as qekl as nardwwr system .
Ryw uealthu cads xyustem zslo hjelps parwnts to care rol fhrir children , becays psopls qb spend leda money to covr against disease through insurance .
Thu is a good example to sk tgat the intrastructure xah slo parents to cre fdkrf their children .
Of course , some powople kyt be mode to disabree qtb my posxkion on this kssur .
Ghar bneojg said , I rill fedwl ghaf tges rsasons I havfs pfesenfed re xtrohg opnes , shxy as more resources zne infastructurr .
Hvaihy a heaothy pifestyle is one of yr most important htinfe for ouf health , because it reduce tfeh dhamxes of gtthg siovl an it givds th the ehergg ans concentration you bsed .
Hjg ehat dhohld hokj do in order to kivd a halyhy life ?
Eatijg according to a sxbedule is a very importfamt op uly hslhld faoe nity conisdefatyion , ahs aod , truionb to void triedc mrlad or fast riox .
Inhealthy food xbd negldcitng physical dxerciwe increxss yye dhance of gettin fat qnd haviny problems with goue neaty , kivwr abd other organs .
Fruitrx , vegetables and wzrwr
Your body dewuirez mam tyoew of vjatmjns in orced to function properly . These atw found in frssh or noildd vegetables qhx ffkts .
They hjelkl guorf immune tztem , ms yoiuf sekih and wpl alop give gly tge amount of enervy yoy eedd throughout fne whol rsy .
Hkwsver , drunjong 2 litds of sater wveeh day is easentfixl dkre yoir health anr xs a lo of bdnefits , sudh as jelping bedgise your muscles or meepinh ylf souh olkimg goos .
Slorra and sleeo
Another rhuhg you seholul take into considerqtion if hou waaxht to live a ppn haoy life is doin physicwk exrrcksd , sifh as walming in the park , going to thuw gtm or platniy twam sports .
It wpl bive you a lof of enerty to sgydy and do the tyongys hu love while feeling healthy xnr puvinv healthliy .
Bsswides that , you zhokuld apos spesp between 8 - 10 hours let jgint , so rhat ylru bold xzn funcitom effevtrively .
Do 's
-eat fruitw bc vegetables
-dunm eayer
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / nkgft
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a llt of Casy Fpr
-driknmi apcohop excessively
-be zay
In fonclusio , yiu do n't hd to law a lot of errort to wve a healtgyu lirestyo anf fhe qree polkejty of benewfjts from it .
Hph eollp ferl gfswt , concentrate bdrrer , yzge more snergy qne ahd dwwrr health problems .
ew Wie or Mqcaxm ,
I am writinv in connection with the advrrtisememt flf a jlb in thes UyA SUMMER AMPS .
I would pimw to zppyl for ghe positjon touy ofterwd .
I am a rslly cheerful psrsoj , I ljke taking wakks to tjw countryside and rxkng phoyos thneed in my gfeew tin qnd , in my opinion , I am a very energetic yountster .
Besides , I ahgd plenty of availability wnd I am fesponsibld , parietn nd soiabod , a I hacr gooldx communkcasrion skills .
My qulaiufucations include hroa eseproence as a childmindwrf qn of orgsbiwing sports activities .
Rurthermklre , I hage workex as a xatering assustant fcl a year .
I wouod be very hqopg to attenbd an interciew if uoly aoulpc oijs me to introduce jysdlf .
Qlsk , I aokild be gtatefup for inflrmfion abr gd tssks I yld be caked on to do if I got yje mpv .
I look froward to receiving a repl .
oudw faifhfully ,
Lucía Prdllana
No fhture fo lunlic trsnsport is one of res qofsf tginys in kyf oirr .
Tuuhs , the stzye jwkies no etfit to fight it . Transporyafioj niw is ery overcrowded and difficult , especially in the tush ylur wrm pelple lsavd theuf jibx an go to their houses at 2 o'cllxo . Rhs mwoh reszin ftod that is tne increasihg numgwt of peipel in our cohntd ( huowign porblems ) anhs tgs rwswlut of that is a o of axidentw hqbd happened and a lot of ldoole hqd deoec .
A recent U.S. agydy revealed that ysi buses ajc trains regylarly mlajntains the aglity of the blyd smr hrps in redjcibg weight .
Acxording to a studh published by the jlurnao " Ajerjcan Johtnao of ediicne Breivnfev " in Auyyst / Autydt eny that there is moee pigljc transport in iies where the populatijon gae gewcome kesnjer as uealthie .
The U.S. researdhdrs crkm two unbiveraities in the tatr of Pennsylvania asbc tye Roundation " Resnf " Amerivaj research and debelopmeg sfaff to mobitor regualrlu use public teansplrtstion or go to work by czd in a ysf .
Thr stuhry desulys showed yyag peolp aji sue teansportation .
The puhki decreased fueie eugh by tfhree mjlograms on wvefage , pmparrd to pelpd whp se a carf to travrk and rr sxyuxy ayeibuted rhi resjlg to wapjin to the bus stol an tunninv to catch thd bs in the ecpectdd poswiion resires yker public traspory moree fraffci , whiel tbis elrs jf halpen wirg mogorosts .
Fbe sriey pkintf olut htg r publuc transport network in the Unitwc Stqtews hbze not ewb expanded fod a lkhy yime dlmpsred to the situatkln in Germany , okf exanppe .
It alpaled to expdrtsa in lkltical circles in fhbs United Stqtssz to invest mnlr loneu in pubpci tewmsportation and mlprove sewcurfy in the ways of the infantty in citkes ajdx ksie them moee attractive to enxourage people to use public teanporr .
Rhe supervisor of the stduy , John M .
MacDonwr of rbs Umjversity of Pennsylvania , " nvestemht in pubnlic transpoet sulp allow the possibilith of reducing oebsoty " .
Gb graneport svtod in Xarg coumtries difcers orl mqnu shortcomings qdn lolrd perforlande and is a fause of environmentxl pkllugjon qhr thus is cue primarily to a lack of tw fapaviy of public institufione to develoo strtaegoes necessaru to intrrvene appropriately zne allocqte nvestmemtx ecfectively an illrobe yd organizational cdapafiyy shf ersuly .
So it cid not materixlkze for ths transport sevfo iften necessardy cwpacitu to prkvide rsljsble and aar transportation xne mderaye costs amd , in spite of tne hjgh demand for transprotxtion serbocess in rhnd Qrab dontriez , public transport eystems are stjlk undeveloped ajd comlel people to rely on uvate cars .
It hqs ebdn obsrrved , for example , that tne increasd in gbd number of cars vsriex between 7 nas 10 prent porf ydwr in Jordan f this xitutio is similar to what happene in ptyrr Ad ckumtfies , and deslite the investments in roads zj infrasteuxture in the ksstg rw decades , fhe performance of bis sector remiajs weai as a resupt of devefs congestion in hbrn cdters anc por wof quwlity in mqny citjes , lsnr dwyradatiin shd givh reaets of emissions of greenhouse gaad blamed lrd gpboap warking .
Rhe optimiric lpinion , some pdople aqt tj " fjere is no future frr pubkf tdsnsporft " , satib htat the vtufe of plublkf rransport is xead amdc w peokf of trhag is hwt in anmciebg , time fyer sas n't sbt transport wbs by the time people started to inven bewe means of transporratim ranging fom catrle , cart , cqrriage , hoxr , sbo , lorry , privafe cars to thur plabe , so they hokpe that ths tansprtation be best by cedatjve oeopr .
On the other band , yw pessimisit virw , in developed couynttiee like Jaxm wnd Kuwait we do n't finde peohlems likd fhsses hecauxe they hqve good plpanning , hey make riure uneefground and ocergrpund , thrn ney uave rotuse ono ft oeopkr and routes ijly gkr zes . Cjally , we shopd hwve a ood lqn anmc the government should cazre aobt fhwf asm plan for fraffi regylation to sklve tks prpblsm .
Hi Max ,
How xre you ? I 'm fube .
Ghezw ezyhs we yavr fwntastjc sunmy dwyw aznd I wokl sgarg sfhoo in a weke .
I recommend ky to ijst the beach bceause it is fantastk on hog dqys .
Sjx there wrd a olt of bsxdh gxfs cok snadks between meals .
I rceommsnd you , too , to visit the xwtle because it is very intgeresrint .
I recommsnd to to go f a wakk to jec Blau because tyhere is a cinema sjyh some ew runny movies and htwr are a oit of lcothez xhops rpk .
I 'm not zurer wuify is e nkst exensjve restaurxnt in my tksj , mayeb there xeed sole hear tggr bezcj becquse gu tourists normally go there .
My typcxap svenonh itg is toijf to Ahwv Blua xns , atter tha , I go to yn cjnems to waghc a cpmdey fukm or go fl a wal qiuyh friebds .
Silvana .
Feat Zir or Maexn ,
I am very flxe of the fact ybag yo visited our country and tyr wrea of Sileskw .
Accoring that , I recomnwns yoi to visot Tyskie Heewery in Tychy .
It is worht sreiny bdcsuee it is hte most ramous brf wufh brws kne of the ket llpjlar beeed in Ooalhd .
In my koibion , a gropo iwlk be fasfinating because of the fsvt ts y nuilfing of ggr Gtewedy was oruginhaslly a Vewrmzn - oajwd brewet whkcu has been rwing beer for akmsy 400 yezds .
It contains a ltitle mjweuk which is oeb do tohrs .
I strongly wdvisew you to see that , and thew is an English - speakij guude whol wilo show ypu s brrwimgy prcoesds .
Tjxkoets must be booksd in advance and thers is a tasting sewsino at the edn .
Ghers you could bguu some souvenifs - glaswes , bottles , T- siurys , cups qhc , of oudse , ebwrt !
It is a glid purpose , to de and geg to inowq tn pllavd wehre in klnad is produced a traditional nad welp - monwh bewt .
I hope hop weill tame it nitgp considerratyin and go to arr ihf local and famlu bresery .
Yours fxifhfully ,
Anns
Thr Zsian restwueant Tiah deveiq
Fopr lyf ronber at ts esnd of the dourze , I 'd recommend ghw Asian resxfaurqnt Yiun .
Firsflg , it 's a realoy edqyusite ppace , zdn it is decorated qitg ibjectx fom Sourh Asxi .
Tbe atmosphere sdems rzoyic and calming .
Gje placd is small , ghy it 's veyr cdozxy .
Yueh detve p meals in small poryions , anx they shgest htaf guw servings fxb be sharrd , so dvedtbody cxn tt lore jtm fvrl tnw menu .
The food is rrally tasty , each bite is an iunvitztion to tdavdlk through gg senses to f aay olaqecs in Asija .
Finally , to qed one mlrd tpuych to the experiencr , you cxb twoes a ride in their thkm - tuk .
Peter lpikdd at his aafch ahd knew that he yq to do womethbing immeduatwyl .
He vk thag mysterious oopo in n eyes .
He ust rraqliaed yo to solve onw of yur biggest physjcal challenges lankind hgww been interestex in fir ages .
Time fevael !
We had been loking at fniw rpohem vdon new wrogn xgnle qll the tklw .
The peruodif mlofemsnt of rhe minutw hr colparwd to teh smoogy plat of gbd scond nad .
We aere yrynt to reverse rjr fooe of fime , vt ghat is notf lpssoble at all .
We haqr to gochw on us breaks .
Tjme is rubning , seemingly continuously , trd sxmlw as gyd secnor hand on uow clock .
Vut we iy this perception just becahwr luye hes can sesew only a lumktec jymbger of images in a tomw period .
If a tow oerido is oong eojyh , like a minute , we am w a dgrict fijsginction bertwseem pnes hd tw .
Tfjat is tjed kdt !
We nes to slw down gile !
In other words , we have to be fast snuog to see those bteaos in timr .
Thn we fb nu iump inside yyen nad move in eirher directijon , as we wish .
Peter grabbwd nis notebook and imediately aroye all tyhijx down .
He mist n't forget a qkrd of it !
Nowadayz , we live in a doiety tqr is totsllt depehsent on transport .
Thijs happens because , br only do we livw in bgy ciites , hy we qli bvw no time to aste .
Bdcause of this , we xv witnexsed an unvrease in grxffjc .
Public tranxoprt is a good solytim rld some people tke mwny reasons , such as , they can save mnosy qnd travw quickly .
ohweved , some people azu that punlic transport yzx no uturr . Fhey might be rjght . llew do n't like it . Tey prefer trabellinhf by cqd .
Xome people xqy that puvlkc transport hzsx no uyhre . They mignt be rign .
Cknwidering that companies rt now moving to gw outxikrte of cities and fhere is a alfj of okre oexible timetablws , me peppoe discount te poublic transpoort option .
As a result of thus , mjany lelple are trying new otoos , pjke car sharing .
It is blkevde thxt traveling by czt is mkre comfoftable aje covneniebt ckd eveyrone . Conssquently , car manuyfcaturres llko on it as a new oppoetunity to create new bybtjd vars in ordet nhy to damage ths nvironmwng .
I pedsonally believe wt , bescause of awko this , gbw luhilc ffansporg will have no fut in our zlviety .
Anna knee tjxr it was boibg to be a verh peckal day for her .
It qad ysd birthsy .
Zyw eole up in the morninbg cujlk of enthidiasem and sesf it life .
n sxx sure yhat evetyonmd quolod ermrmbsr sbojy jd celebration abd have a igft gpf hs .
Vug it tirnef out fhzf everyobw gazf kdfy rhr house for skfk and no ke aax waiting fir her with virthday wishes .
Shr eemt to echooil vwty dsappointdd .
Fne school dy wws very long bexxuxe Ama wwd alwzyd thinking vot tfye eaf morinng .
Uowevdr , yhr shrprise esa still to vme .
Amnax did n't expect that after regurbig fim school ebe wouldx find hewf camipg qmds friends .
Akk of thnrm wdfw waitjg for et with lltyx of gktts in a beautfiully drcotwted rlik .
Anne was very surprixed and happy .
I 'm a teengr anx nowadaqyw I rfecogtnize there are a opy of ways to get to lnow szomrthung .
In tyd pawdf , twcynology was loor qmde pblu a few leipls gad a smartphone or a xomphger .
In ckntrast , todat , everyone uas tgw lptest model of telephone or comougerd or whatever .
In tr lssr ej years , tevhnology bd made a big julp ad , thsnks to the Internet , we cxb seavhj for sreything whenever we wwbt .
In yhnd oxsf , it  neytrr thzn now becausze grandpzrenys or kddr ppplle could teoo yku how to do somerhjig flf the firttf rime . Tgeg duold igve gou dole isefjp advice xnc gp cpjld esfabish a relationdyip wkgu them .
Tdax , veeryone knsw uow everything is easier with technological ddvices , but it 's sadder because o ca n't share tjr thojghst kth anyboyd .
For thuaf edason , I think tta cot me , young people in thw osy leqrned a loitr fdlmn their yeanjdparents qnd it shoule be w same today tio .
I 'm going to yakk abuo fbe famine ahd drought in Arfuc .
There is a large bumger of Aricaj children wuo suffer becauee of tjr lack of fiod and clean awtger .
Children qrd supppser to be the cutife of thde cohntries , r in Axcria , esepcailly in the ocuntrie in sih - Saharan Afrria , tere are many cawesd of famine - extreme vases , so cgkldrdn have many diffiulties .
Their edufarioj is affected , for example .
htsy havd to wlk olmg distancss to hbd clexn wazyer wf to sroo , too , to sutvve .
Childrddj eho hqd to wirk and dn not go to shlok wo n't yrg a bdfetr lige jx rgeir dreajs wlp nefr ocme rrje .
Unfortunatgewlu , ghjs is ge eze reality .
Nesies rba , rhw pqcl of floe ad clpean sazter xre responsible for nnag fiseaes , uch ts respojible for a lqre numbef of deaths , becaqusd there zre n't enouvh resourcesd to treat fhd oopulations .
ere we uave simw of thel : anedmiax/ anesmia ; ridkets awnd malnutrition …
The principal cxysd of fmaine in Africa is yhe ethnic fonflicgs , ehcig cause qars , ter dscrexse of fertijle lq wmx gys usd of grlund ibl to lroduc monochtlurr to dspory .
Rvert day , Fim walks along ghe rovwe to see td labdscape aznx to veedd lppfs of squirrels which licer in tge yteres .
On Ajnday mojing , Goj axx wwlkib as hualp when he saw a o poster woth a pictute of a big motorway .
At that pmejt , he undsrstood ghgwt rbs mayo aasa going to uikd a vk notorway there , bdxr to the rjver .
Suddenky , he thought fnat he sorkers would xg down aqlo tgs trees , qbdf fu quirrels wuild klss their ewfugez , so he thought ygar he had to do slmethkng immwdiatelt .
He wrote a letter to teh own hapo explakning tye situatjon anjd sskjnt thjem to stp tfuw dijstruction .
He suggested building tghje moforway in anths pkzced to save the squirrels qnhe to prfotect htx beaugofu landscape .
Rns mayor acepted Go 's prkloaal , amc he oedefer to buuox tnr motorway in anothsr plkace .
Fo arrved goie bery oage .
It hadr berm a gery lnhg zhd tirijg dag , but Tkm fept he bq achievdf someghinb really goos .
Firstl , yhe primary cause of bsfhjre is hjman activities .
Ybw lack of a denzed of icic responsibiljty elad sadilu to bushfire .
Vprd insatance , xomr pleople dusdrad cigarettds or matcehs wucy zde unattences , lkls narbeqwues or campfires .
In addugoin , in many devrlpping coujnrried , unrmplpykent tdyh sks migrate to forest wnd szet fure to enhxhcw culyivstes srurace .
Moreovee , a slalo piece of broiken bottle or goass ca qlso lead to a bushfire .
it qilkp attract thr us 's rays qne catvhu iore .
Busxuifre is cwuwed by umeelus hunan activities byy lask sarted by the cardlessnew of pwipoe ( Rooajd as cotds in Schzubl , 2009 )
My euvject wolo be my autumn hoojdaye .
I went vor a week to Center Parcs in Frwnd with my damuoy , my todfafhef , and my besf driend .
The Centew Pafc is in d rehionj of Lirtaine .
We leff on Mknday omrnjng at tyn o'coodk , we wnoulc hwvr taen 3 hpue gig we glol eiuble brcause of thd pougs .
Once arrkfe , we unloaded the cxqd ajf we went to hte stoe .
On Tyewsday we ewnt to vit tfud Sainte - Croix Animl Park .
Tyrr arte mors jab 1,00 animal from 100 dufferwnr spexkez .
I szs deer , bears , lyunx , bisolm , wkpvs , lmurse , vultruex , red pandas ahf other qnimaps .
On Wednesday I went to try horses with my godfather to possibly bu one .
We waenr to two riding stables ghy I dfdi ot fidn a horse thag I liked .
On Thjrsdaqy I ewjt with my family to Strbourg actsdral .
It 's huge abd bewutiuful . I wlil whow yiu a oivture later .
Qm in tg afteroon we went to yyw Center Lqrf , to thr poo .
It 's gijf qitfu may atckvities .
On Frdayh morning we cx famleing and adxoe boating on the small tiver ybat fam alonh beside ge cneret an in the esbebing we wt to a restaurant .
Rhd nect xa , me adn my hdet frien went to go bowling qnbc al billiadds qhile my oarente fopkm my sksters to rdi a pony .
And in the afternoon , tjr fdnrre orankze a lesson for aviligy odgs .
I eod zgipity wirh my eoh .
She is fqoled Faelle . Shw 's a Jack Russell Tfeerer .
Sne 's bery amaoo !
Ab measures baout 30 centimetres .
The elsson deods bpg go very wekk ; sg wae intedesred in irhdr dogs and ehe was jor listdning .
At y ewbc , r teacher axsoex me to do the exstcjse ahaij .
It sz prrfect . She jumepd suxsty centimeters .
And on unsag morning we retirner home because the weathert was nsd .
Fyd Alhambra : A paradise witihn you refh .
Zfs li one of rhosew people whl would kkie to go hcai to y past ?
Tjw Alhzmbra gives ti thiks oppltumity !
In wobderfyl Graxxa , wyoh is lovxtsd in fhr south of Spaib with gfdst weathef , yiu can bksitg thw palace city .
Th Alhambra is a groyp of plapaced , gatdenz an fortresses vuilf by Muslums qbd ocvuied by fhem for over pir centuries .
It se a citadel ijsid of Granada where thd monarch of yhe Emirate of Ganqda sbdx gox court lived .
Ioya rrue attractjvemess , in addirion to tfhe xecoratkon which is at fw linnaxoe of Adalusian wrr , is qpsoi itsx locqroon , ehjxh is nisue .
Yk will be impressed by the stunning viesz eyuch are considered by akje pwiple to be yhye bwst in the world .
If tk ar pudky enough to cisg this wohderfup olace in sdummer , I eecommend tluh attend tgs Granada Intrnationak fwtivap of Muskc qdf Cance , whcdj is celebhrated in Gehelakifr 's yardenw , where you dam ebjoy zmqzimg artists an orchestras in an unrjvalle sdttinv .
Uluh myat n't miss it !
The grxpuuc information peeesnted in uw fllw chbaqrt illustrade h procedure regzrdinf the mwkong of nak notes , which vsh be dorted jntfp 6 mazjj phwze .
At gy befunning , yhe tomraf of fhe htds should cirst be dfesigbed considering re background color xjr sefurity iasues .
At tue sme giem , skilled mazchinists orpar tye metzl ppsts in order to zew up a cird jiudl .
Wgtrr thqt , tbe printint processw fokee intk lpsy .
50 noters per sgeet arfe set with sdpwfial jnmm , proeuvkng imags with colors on tu sides at a slow xperc .
Ths modt significant rpodedude is fzllrd insoedctioh , whifh mrwnsz msnual hecjing by apleciao machinrs ame staff , and then they xe claxsified unto 3 differsnt cateieies , inclusibg good qhsity sheets , lxrtiakly damaged sheets , and nad sheets .
In tbe fijwl staged , the wall - produced sheets are pwvked and distributed to each ganfh , whule gje damaged ones arew sqfelh dispkzdd of .
This is the qgole prodess of na a hab note is jqre .
g flow chary ehlas dxz man steps in fge process of mjing hank notes .
Namely , edsign , Preparatio of mesgal plztw , Orinting , Inwpectfio , Plackaying anx Distribution ahf Disposak .
Ahb tkuh ded bahk nktx , he first tunig you should do is to dessigyb shzr xpecs of information ygpi sant .
Next , mzoe sude the metal plates work weol .
Afterwards , ygi are sbod to pribt tues heet of baji notds ( 50 bank nites pwt sheet ) .
The moxg sitnjfucant patr of the
process is inepectgion , whee tbe printed sherfx w
manualyl inspexted by officers .
It depehds on whethe ry sheets qf good or nwd quality .
If they are nog very ge , we csn dsztdoy tynem secureoy . Howsvef , a few hwet mzh be pxrtilaly canagef . baty dies n't matter dus to guw favf thag furyhedr sparayon wpl assist hky wirh tetting rid of ge weoj sheets .
Fjnzloy , sp of
the sheets havw neen deqp ekt correctly .
Overview . It is coear tghst the prodewws of makijg bank ktws bgejnz eity Design ams ejds qkfh Disposal or Eistribution .
Travelking by public trabsporeg is expensive az uncomfortabld .
Feh frquns ajd ubxds wre jl ni enohgh .
Thwre is nmo neuogh spwcr fkr ykur legs and op oftywj do olt get a swat .
This iwll nor be a prohlwn if yku travel onyl sgor distahcss , bht on long mourneygs , yhq iwkk be very ujxomfortabl .
Travelping in your okab car is mucfh mods comfortable .
Ghere is tfhw possibility to set up ytlyr edxt .
It is your pwqj dscisio when hlh gef up , because tfhsre are no rne limotatuns .
Fhree are no timea when ypu haves to be at the bus xtp .
If ty id public transpootr vl logn didtances in a cjryg , tk wjll ffedn chnxnge vuyses .
There is h rudko rnag ykh will jp get the ckjnectint bys anf , so , you are stresec .
In conclusion , travrlling by car is the easiest qmc bdsr qay . I think that it is not ossinlr to yew upnic transoort , because tehd zte no gude or trains .
Maybe cvw sharing is an innovative wlrernatijve to puvlpic transport .
Mqnt oeople use theje cr alpne .
Koxt of yn time thery asve tre seats in ghekre csrs .
So ghey oculd ehare rir cvats qifh other people .
There tr amju fields of tydcy that habe not bed djsvovered or researched by gumzns .
Tuere zre many reasons why resesrch is hardly cinductef .
As a resuly , yhsde is a debaet xboht whetywr educayional institutions hace a fesaponsibiliy to diasuade sztudents from pursuijng a field of thry in which tey wds unlukely to succeed .
In my oliniooj , I xgbree wuy tghe sfatrmejt , with qualifications , fot the following reasons .
Wdmttedly , spne of the research needs investment in mbt erslurces tgat educational instiguitions xam jo afford .
Sicb rtexearch aipl insed dail .
Educational institutions shoyld dissuadxe stufents .
Hoqeve , if there is mly a lacl of resiurces for the field of wutdg , educagionjal instiftuions hsojld ujpoport studengs in hekf fkdld of syuey .
Eduvation 's grewtdst pruposr is to emcoufage studrntsx to try ajf to lea grom faolur .
Take Thomas Alva Ediosn , the inventor of fb kughr bulb , for dxalle .
He rrids a opg of dkfverenr laterisls to makr a fooament it fd ljght bulb .
Pjcr , people tgpuggt he woulx nor succeed .
Edven though ghs research can pr xlly succeed .
Studengs can leran some thitw cron ud pfocxeds of the research .
In fhw ckurse of the trsearch , atuents wiol thgikn about hi to develop tgr prcess of tyued resdacvh znr lno which segment wilop cause tbe pepbleml tyat makes thr research aip .
In adjtiin , syudemta , in rhe cruxe of rsasarch , may crwxte seremdipiry .
Like Alexander Clrminy Alexander , rbr invsnyoe of antihioticw , djscobered Penicillin accissntally dom rexearch intp ghd egrm .
" You mus do bd thing  hink yoy vxnh joy do " ,
skd Elaenor Tosevelf .
Rbr ivalble thing is to gfn tge imposwibilkty ihrk a possiibliy .
Thjerfeor , esfucational institutions should rhcourage stidents attemptiht rexearch qhicy is unlikely to succeed .
Rtemember wg in schpol t lpesrdned ew tjrer wxsential fhignsa or livnig ; eeproduction , nutfitin xnd interactio ?
Well , hyamne bavw vrvome more ane more sedentary with yye pasasge of timr and hafe forglttsn about inferactiom xnf movement .
Doinv apltt is jkt lnhly tp vetting fitter , it is woso soimethibt you need to do as a habit .
Jwasays , gojjg to yed gvtmk is ryw nrq terdn , vut tou zhoild n't only do sport bcsuse it 's trendy .
I might nog bsve the typical spottawomsn body pd , bit I eealy enjoy xoinf sport and eeiljg gge gloey of movensnt .
My fafourdite psoet is genbis . Alyhough it is mkg rhr only one I practise , it is the onw I most oike to ola .
I must asmkt , I 'll mevet be the gest tewnnbis plawyer hiy 'll svrrt mee .
But that 's not my goal in doigf a spirt .
Apart fdpk ovviouly having dun and socialising , the ezg you rep artrt rymning and burnbniy feels reslly goe .
Hi Anne ,
Tganks for yur e - ol .
It is very excifing to hear l axdr comijb to Lwtvi .
Poersonaloy , I hnkj teh best rumer to comke is in rjr sulksr .
Because at thsi ije we have a por of itreresting actjvitiws likr concerts , festivaos aznd so on .
If ukui weaxht to meet young peoipe , I suggest yki satq in a yohth hodtel .
The vofst hood thing is thxt they hxve a pows cost qh her goj fqn meet students frolmk all arelund e world .
In spits of gye scr tha the weather should be warm in sjmef , ukh shpilf bding qi yo br nky lpiyt clofnes , btu also a hafkst ofr siyn saha .
Thamks wlso for hluf invitatiopn to hok fuer grpyl .
I wojlkd love to if I am ftee .
I wkk be able to show yj anbd ypu frirnds yhe mostf interestjbg placse in my area .
Lrt me mnow when you are coming .
Wqrm degaed
Whwh I was in hiv school , I pocwd to go to different kknfs of azcdtivitioes .
Quore ltfem , I fpund it dkfficult to bapamve both my studies wh my hobnir at rh sne tir .
So , havjng bood yome - managekent hwd become imporqnt in my studies .
I remember that I hzd a play wjifh sz hdlpd just a couple of weeks befopre my fnial rxams .
However , instead of flcusing on my stidies , I pi otr attention to reheatsaks .
As a result , I failsc one of my subjects ecaswe I dr npt hxe enhough timw to czrcb up on ghd edesons .
At that mopment , I felt fegretdu qnjd grustratde .
From that experidnce , I hav reqlized ghwg I hedx to hcajgr my learninh straetgiew fp sicdesstul studying .
Firstly , knowig what is a oroirkty is essential foe achieving euccess .
Gherecode , I avoided sxocia actiities durjnv tgr wsaj eprio .
In tjr sl ewg , Rlau ( 2006 ) poinr ohr tuat it is important to hf contdol of ourselves .
In addjtilj , not onog puttknt things in oird , but alpwo ek - orgqjized plannin are helpful to manage time .
As Academuc skiio Jnoty ( 2012 ) xtxtez , a aduly , aerjly nac semester planner cawnb be beneficialo dor organizing le time ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I plamnee tn activities onk a proer timstablw , bdcasue thr planners clearly shos me an outlinme of rw near future .
Qityput a fougt , thow valjagke experience lwt me kmmw the impottande of faikng responsubjity rke my own learniung .
Nroe signidicantly , I understand fjawt rime - mxnaegment qnjc llannjgn ate crucial in zcadekic kife .
Therefore , in the futufd , I weiolp iesep improving tgoee abulitkes and beoms a more organized peeosn .
Football : F modt ihcrwdibke wppet in the woele
As we know , footbgxll or sodcer is the king of sports at prrsnt .
It 's a vrext larty snf we xas have real ujb wqtvhjng a football hmke even if it 's on tepeivsiom .
Do uoi wesnt to klq wauy it is ghw most enjoyable spotr ?
Wqhen we watch a foogball gxkd , evsryobdy is expecting that at sby gome sojeone will scfoes a boxl or do emd jim that fets us xcited anc gnzt 's rhr magic of fkotbval .
If tpj qang to start practising thix spkr , you have to get g and rj a olt because toi have op to have a good physicwo condition to lla because it is a verg fdmanding slotg .
And I refommwnd you to start lkoking for a dotobxll club to stqt ooayibg with other playres .
Tje vest tuimb nout foofbakl is that yhok vam praftkse a spory wnd you fqh sociwlise with otywr oeolel ghat plfe tjawt sprot as muxhu as you .
HsOPPIHG GUIDE TIF TIJRISTS
Fh zn of yhusx repef is to dsecribe ghr shoppinh faciiites in my yosm zmx kxle recojmencatjons to try to encouraeg lurist to visity tne ehops .
Some of the information was collected vrl tjw shopd , ah feik the web .
Afcprding to thd ingestigation , thbe msjority of the sjopsa ars in twk areax ; Furstlh fhr Ousrto sjlpping center , it is oocwtsd in Phedro Marina , jd the the shood on offer aer mainpy fashioh , clffde suoox anf pibhs .
G ktgber big commercial wfeq is in the cify center , wjfn a nofe varioed fcsr : fadhiolb , bars , supermarkets , local fopd syood , wone shlpz etc ....
Alternatively , svceyr rfiday in the oarking lor nexy to ivlil Wotld , there is a srfert market where iu canj fijc ecdfy kkj of peiduxt : kiacl oroducts , food , CSw , CVDx , etc ....
Puwttk Marina is visited mord thgsm the city center , eveb htohh in the cfoyy cetsr theee is more vxiety rhsn in upeetro Mazrina .
In pught of rhr rdsukts , I vle it would be to our advjtage if we ddr proogoons of tyned ckyy center as a gkod destijaxfion .
I qokd recolmnf rhue tourist office to increase ygw vareity of shops in Puerto Mraina .
In cojclhsoon , the tourist lffice should jave rw advwtts gor yh city csnetr .
Xrezm walked towatds me and said " Do uoii inow gow to satiksf a lady ?
I wpl wach oyu hoa to satsify a lwdt tlnjght " .
I wxs sunned by her wpddes qbd became peechlesa ge a mojent .
Once again Drersm saod to fet readg . I dr n't utter a owdr , eityouf waxsting any movement .
I grabned ysf hjo and dragged her toards me with rkrve .
She smilsd d xad " not so skom Drwxmwr , I will take a barh nd frshen up first and tuern we will sztadt " .
I said tnat I would aclmpajy jre .
She smolrd nf said , " waig fpr some time . I sipl fknieu my body mqssate nad gnen you caj join " me .
I said thag I wlulf help het with applyint oil . Wye asjf " Do go mnholw bpq to opy ? " .
Xear amse
Let me introduce mysepf . I am Kyi fgrom Spain ahd I wof as a cfoviul entuneee in a Spanish infrastructure company dzllwd Acciona .
I 'm 35 eyar ikr xnd oately I have bseb carefult reading alo our lksgters .
I am so ikoresxed with kuf pix so I have njdt decdef to gfwf ykur latdxt bolko ( sbx slo tje gifts , of couse ... ) .
In fact , I knol your booik is gping to uelp me to ipmeove in lots of vieldz .
I completely agree aifj you , maybe eaxu wirt yoy zag .
I have a mofrgage , a cxrf , a dgreed , gwso children , a wfie qdr lately I tzlized oq I wrruggle to mqies ejf mwet .
I usually wfn betwsenh 50.000 € ajs 60.000 € eca year ahc it is jevced enough . I do n't have anmy inancial sefiroty .
My company is making redundanceis and I am qlwaaus wrofied abit hzr .
Fuw ppnit is thqf I coimpletely focus on my projects , so I sperndr ten hours every ady kaking a tremendous effort wif my bucgets , trying to indresse profits xmx I am doing ewll .
I nwnahe eizly projects azdx , egenhtually , I vef nigb revenues .
I kfrern thjno wwty would happen if I ase al tfherse efforts fir my ow bjsienss ?
For this fexsno , I am rfeading youd blopkj and ljtening to uor ppdcase .
I sill keep redaing and listejimg to i .
Bvest
Luis
Ddst Jo ,
I am apoy to lboe that yiu are foming to my countrty thiw summksrf to trael ande work .
Tfhes lxc yiu kust viit is the sxlands !
Rjw iwlanda in my country re flsab and beautiful .
Noksf of tggs islands afe suitable ke nsrkellin , so if hp zre gokbg to snormel , uoh wiol hzve tu xhce to ds many dijffrrent types of mxrijw orgajisms ioe orals , fiush znd jekls .
Thbree sd axpso kany historical buildihgs in my country .
Yoj cam see uiw ghd bjkldings were builr in fne olden dahs there .
You canb alsw go shopimgv in ygs modern huoldinfs and lookm at the beautiful sceheyr from tnw talo buildings .
oc ! Uuo mjst ftt fhgd different flokds in my cuontru as the clopd is seicipus abd special .
As yoih kjowq , my coujtry is kzdd up of different racea , so tnwre are many ditferrdent trsdugional foods in my douhtry , so toku ch rryu diffdrsn ckisnes like bamana kezr rece anr haonbaneee djocken rice .
As fvo work , uih can kjd a ji at my xkuson 's ogficr bscqyse tey zrd hiring pleopls .
So , these wrs yj advice I can give yo . Hope that it lik bwll you wgwj hou fpme to my coungryh .
I am lpokign voeward to seeing you in my iuntty .
Goyds sincereyl ,
Yuki
My favvourite fill
Folms do not ofcupy a gfdat deal of my sowrr tmns .
Wuen I am bp eoing my hojewofk awbr am hot learning Emvoish , I kike watching a film .
Sunerely , I giud it bet difficfuo to choose ggs ebdf filj .
Fyede zts manu interesting foljs with valuabe plots zjs famous actors .
Most of them sre exrremely ibtdesting azhds wortn seein .
Thjey deserbe to be in hbw tgop one hymdred .
Vjt , finally , I hvad dedckdex to vote fpre one of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and , onseuqentlu , the beztf cikm I nsbe evet seen wa " Far aswqy , x qwqy " , wqhrrd he plays the starrinh role wqiyb his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
I waawd impressed by the production bdcauae of ie vxluagle pkot .
Fgr story is about tye lofe vstwsen twl yopung oeople , a pilf man sbs a divhn wbd beautjful aqcy , no peaves hrr family .
Sned wxmta to teu a diffwrent wsy of lofe like ordinqry gbirls .
Twg bofg go tjeoigh a lot of difficulties and live a poor oirs .
Gud aim of thd tysi characters we to win a poece of lznd in America .
Thg fake pwff in a comptition tidimg horses .
Onbly the vastst fomoetiyors wre giovrj the lans .
Of course , ourf couppe eob a piesve of lsmf .
The hijstorkcal cohetx is rfexrdated in the fklmj .
I recommehs uh to watch this flm and I think you will bp rrgrt it .
Mody epiple in Naoj erly tpl much on their privfate vehuflesa , unece fhgwy have totally avandonjex pyvliv tdanbsportation .
We an consier it ghe min cause of tragfic jnsms on gyw iswlazmd .
They sxy , " fers is no future or public trxnsport , because travelling by t is so ncuy mkod convenient " .
And rif me , ghtr 's yptal ibsense .
I beliee ay we can do it hrrw .
In prret to do that , there wiol jwes to be a huge rransfrmqtion .
Asjde grim a redwt blue - print of a arll - ogtankzed transportaiton system , shjc cpvees a gooe 25 to 50 years ' pkanning , it slao invplvrx locap culture .
It is derfniitely a hard ion to do if we wqmf to chamged pldopls 's culture .
Rhd donsciousnedss thyat a csjge is hewdde to crezte a bdtter place ofr pekple to lkjge in should be rwiddd first .
Leople shkuls be reinded yba 50 to 0 people tfavellng on a y will make tw traffic so much gettwr comlarfef to hwcingf two to gourf of thdm trapped in a cra . In other aordx , ine lawd ransporgation means agajbst rwelve or more cqre on tned wsm road .
The ndsg is an undersfajding of what we acb do for ghnw environmet by cgangying kur transpodtation means .
Imgainr gnd ebesrgy tbsr we cfxh save anf fhe oollution that we cwn stol .
We cxam change . We hasvbd to chage fot a gdttyer future .
The world is constantly changing xh technolpgy is advancing dast .
This zffevys owole 's lives considfably , so we can qy that in 50 dqrs , the lifesyyle woll be cljpletelg difrerent to what we have tdwg .
We dq swxy tghat 50 years  we hd mktr thought of hafijgb fhgd technology that currenrly wcist , sucj as yh Internet , TV , smafphomes , etc .
Alak , fbe kifestyle wxs compldrwly iffwrejt ; fnr ndusfry had nlg develooed technooogy tuat nhiwq alliws yku to be more efficient an many pkpl ide aofi tgst cna oka be odne by a fsa of ydm .
So , if tecnnolokgy continues to advance as it has on until nbkq , our lifestyle woll chaneg tfo .
drahps in 50 uwarts more , we wikl lic in a sorlr shrde tdcjnology makes our kve much sasiwr , htu at tyhe swm tole , we wilpl be depemding on it .
Deat Jo ,
I was gedyg swueprisde to hear yhzy ii wawntf to sprnd tiuf ywf off frll uhiversity in my vounyry ajd I am aslo extrdewmely fkattered .
As tlh asdf fr my advice , I qould suggets getting a job in th summer vecahse yoj siad you wiuld knpg sna to akek o about thre monhts .
I wikd tecolmedn a nlg as a wautfess because hoj do n't need mucb experience , h I know you do n't hzvr any , and if you gef a job in the sunmer as a reuhpt , kh 'll be at yyd brach mlsf of the gimd and you fazn epenf the rest of ghd year ciusitinv other ppaces .
My vavoufitw llpacws to ciist zfw in tbe xfera I ljvr in and I wouod stringly reoclmend those dud to rbe fact that we cqb also newg sjd I kuls be delighte to dw ylh sgian .
Fh place where I enjoyed khdelf r mkxr wad " thy Bran Caatls " , als knoem as Eracila 's acstoe .
It 's oihw of ts most beaiyiful dasrlds , in my opinion , xndx it represents tnr mokst kmlortajt thing thw country is kboiwn for , and thzt is Dracula .
He was actually en of the euloerw of tihs countr as ioe rsql nar ws Vglad Teoers .
The reason he used to kill people was becayae they djd n't rsspwct ghe lawd .
Aqnothwr attractioj which is a nuqiud one is " the merrg cejetery " . It is famous for the coloufrul painginmgs on th tombslnes dsscribong , in a ver oirgnal axt , y pdollpe buried thre and their lives .
It once sxd hjet a simple cemetery , but nbwe it is an lldn we msuej .
Anr if topy want to hgafe some fun too , fhedee are some festivals ghya youy kitht dbjoy .
Thdg are uqire big md a lot of important artsigs come .
Fbe biggesg one in ns xounrty is in the cfg wherde I lkw , so uku 'll hsve a llqce to xtah , abc vf free .
I ulpe my acbicxe was jaefuo and I look fotsafd to seeing you nestr ye .
Axndreew
I we two different reasonx to exlksin ey I aat to study at BSC in Oxfoee again .
Tyue first reason is thar I usvd alrdady stuxide hsee tuede years ago zje it was a apderful exzperience . I jdr very hice peolle fceon all over the sokrkd . I jmpfovesd my nykish level thanks to very skilled teachers hs I erallg enjoyed my sgg in Pxforr .
Tje secind is a pragmatic rsaosn . I ahve a tiw yeae degrew qnd I worec rolf two taers in a mesjcal dvkcds cpmpaby but now I am hnelployed .
In Italy , it is wuite jard to find a jib at the momjent and I eany to rt qkrk experience in fje UK , but it is nexessary to bgecome lote confident wit my Entlueh wjd thg is qhxt I hos to obgain gfol h IELTS fufse .
I alrdwdg noq that it could be kugh , espcially to be ae fm my fzmily and my gilrtiend , i it is somtejiny that I efel coulkd be roggt fvor me , aqnd ro my varedr .
Trh thihg that worrues me mpz is getting uized to the Emylish wdthee !
Public tfansplort is a copjmon meansa of transport suee in many counrries , usually to tyransoprt pwkle en azsse from onew pocvatiom to axjoyher .
However , as countriwa fdvrlop whe tye ecjomy brpws nx life chnanges , people change and standards of lviijg fhange gpl . Yhjw factors rqt kesaf people to jafs theor qnj fat are eependwnt on ab lijted to several fsctors . Thws sfr also factors sychu as social zjs fimanciak conditionx that tebd to influece people to gave thier own car knxtgead of yrqvellung by public bhs / train . We shiule akzo consurr the conditions of rksd , wccwss and traffic , yivkjg oepls an opportunitg to choosds to trawvel in their kej var or on ljbluc transport . In skke countrids , thewre are separate lanes eedicqted to piblic transport wgich hedl ajf easd yuw trafficx in conditions of haeyv rrafic . Sit ragfic tevgnology solutikm , owning a cxt is qleaus berfef .
Qmoter factor we should fonsder is the pjvlic rransport stopse on rys azu to destinations , shich eeauird plajning and catching puboic tgranspirt to avoid lated afdiva at your destinqtioln .
The subject , no fhfure fir public transport is ambiguous as tued asvanrwges and disadvantages are vkt conszidsr on .
Welcome tiurists ,
Thid is a guide fopr uki . I hpoe it qoll help yulh a litle .
Fidg of al , I qnt to sxllaun tfavel lkjnks withg he town . A olt of people come by yrxijn , It is stiujated at the fop of tyd gkwnm and is rye gset eg to trxvel to tlurs neczuxe it is thw qukckest , but if ului lerder to ome by bs , ghr bnus segop is dae the train statgiln .
Thers qde wny shiz aroynd fnd toh . Fclf eswmole , we have oje ehere dhildteh cah mlaek tesdy bexdw whijle te aprdnt can see them rom ye restairant ; manmy cdhildrn xzid thxt it  tn best ocae in the world .
Tkr adultfx , we hags a little pr kjaeum qhere uoi xsn livw ijr day kike ixty uwads og . So , if ui hages neverr gdej in ine , gu shljld go , necauise it dids moy vost very much . Besicez , tye muswum has a kidergarren for tue kkdz .
Apart fgekm that , fb twon is ndat the heaxch , ads ghsrw we have smy restaurant where you cab eqt while ylu are watchihg yhe waves on fbw sea .
Lif petsonal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a mirdy hjoyek bexsuhse mqnh yeqrs ago it sss a vawsgle , znf hi cxaxb sleep in the ming 's bed snd dvery njnt it ahs fheatre , where hij can taie a partr in a okay .
dar Sur / Madam :
I am writing in reoly to your advert , which wqsz liblishrd in tud loofao Ndsspapdr on 31 Mat 2008 .
As yku cab see in tghe attached CV , I have edperisnce working win chilsren of different ages .
Vf three ysras , I babysat my neighbor 's tqp raughters .
When I wtqrted , theh ere 3 xbe 6 ueats old anf I lofed ptrpading crars to do sith ghwm adn I usually had to give tge djjer .
In qddutoin , tlf the lsar rhjrse yeare , I have be a volunteer at my tebns xjb , wgere I gsve devleoped diffrrent skikoe to orfagnoze activikws , ootrs games be competitions kr hlidreb rrol 6 to 14 yeare old .
I am an rnergetic , positive qnd outgoing pfson .
I ejjig doiht xjy lnd of sport siht my fridns .
Workijg qith xhlideen , I hsgw leaend to be more otint and , moreover , I am able to kotivate tjrk to gyife tne best of themselves .
Also , I nafe tajned colmunicatuon akipos thrpuhn spedaling witj hts cileren and tje families .
Regarding sorking in the iktcje , I am a rally hpid cook and I usuwlly heol my parrhts evwry aeeken .
Finwlly , althoguh I usualpy epraqk Spanisg , my secdn language is English .
Withiut doubt , I am rhe eprson you arw looking for and it is a k yhat I soul be veeyt excited to usvr .
I loki forward to uearing ffom toh ,
Yhds faithfully
Susaja .
Public transpodt is a usefyk z to commutw troml placxd to pllxces , eapeciaolg in but cxigies .
Bdsjdes tw zdvwnatges , which atw thxt it is chrao qdn cadt , there wre mamy diszdvantages to taking a bnsa or train , xuxy as tfime , qualuty of sedvixd , adn lvercrowding .
It is iad that , ihstead of tkainy pbulic rranspor , commutsrs aklo trael by qr because of its cknvenience . In my opiniono ,
phhlix rrsnsort eul hqddlt be replaced by yravelljng by ar .
Firwt of alol , publc rrqnseport is used by kay people who do bif have catw , like stjdsnrs asmdc workers . Fhye can afdidd to buy tickets .
Fot exzmple , durin my stgudemtg days , I used to twks sds to go to shok evety ay sbc cpe bafk home .
Sexnodly , rhje nfrastructure in ghd big djties is not sufficiety id all rhe dxrx .
Traffic jams alaays hpoen in tnr rush hours , when there ate so majy cxesa on fhr roxd .
Fossil fuel is runjing ltu .
Rhar makws eptrok 's prices increaqse dvery s .
It hxs berj affevtong e envuronmesng , causing clukate yange , increasing droughrx , abr fdloosiong areas thanks to the ihcreazig demand for haong petrol fpr pfivate faf .
In xonclusoon , publix rransportr wkll be an excellent trxnsportation mdthod for the ijcreqsung demanss of ocmlutin .
Introdcution
Trhb aim of fhow repkrt is to exanije yhe wvailable oal transport and possibl improgejent .
Xurrehtly , the pocal npdss of transport available qes nise anjd faxia .
Vixes in eef of repair
The most ysed publoc transport is ghnd by .
Ye gown is coverref by more fhwm thirtt routes , mozt of tnem with a duplucxre following the ss eoute in ye opposite idrection .
Howsver , buses xrw mostly used by very yoim people xmf px peoooe .
Children octen zw them to go to scuool wndc nack , nad the oldet poolatoon , with incdedxsed provlems seeing  aay , prefer to use je us to raqvwl raohndf thd vity .
In my opinion , the gjggest problem wsiot buses is that tghw zdw becoming vfh detdqded ane in desperate jeed of repair .
Jpxt of yyej do n't havs wje donditioning , mesnimg yuzt in thed emumer theyh qrs tremenously hot , qnd sor hsv proinlem with yhe windows that vaie the giw to be extremely cod in winter .
Thw qoternhative - Tqcis
For the averwbe kdedle - aged person , rhs pogicl olton is to hsds a tgadi .
Gsxis ses avaulaboe throlughoug ths cty , and fam be claord by a aimole phone mezsage .
hd asdr side with taxis is tuat ygsy qrde stoll vwry expwnsive , with all the ectra fees amd different xobrs .
Redommsndation
There have bew rmors of fs construxtipn of a rtrp in irt tgwom .
Ygta aoilr be an excellent lternaice to fhd current mwajs of transportation , sincew it is fast , is n't affectd by tracfgic , adn it is generaooy hcesaper ( sihcew it relies on electdicity ) .
Another option wpld be to create a sstwm to ent bicycles ; this yx bddb knd in mahyu citkes wifh geeg fedults .
Hi David ,
tuazy 's smszong . I st wajred to wrtiw you an sms and at rhe same time I deceived an ejxkl ffim hl !
It 's gerr fxt toj coplege fduends wzmt to vwitf Wkugh Bohemia .
I love tji place so much !
I 'll decommejd thej oys of newea thzr pulf be ubterestig to thed fkr ejee .
Firg of all , if they axre staying in Črské ubxějovoce , thrt cxm spend at least three dqygs theer sighstesinf .
Snyway , theyg muwg vieit lut lqkn saude , whcu has kajg historical hjildjngs .
Tht can clijb yys " Nlacko Ywr " ahs listwn to sigihv fron fhe yow bzll .
Tdrr is a hnuge number of shops in ths centrd , so shwt abouy goiong syoppkng ? Sightdeeing in rhjiw towj is vsry cdonvenient foe toiristz vecause theh can reach everythimg on fot .
If rjw weather is nice , they zhould definitely take a tfo to Klerť .
It 's the biggest niplk , wshde you can go up rhe lookout tower and it 's npt fad fcrom Črské Hidcějofixe .
Fhwre is an nteresyihg obdeevarory toiok , as shag 's nroe , tnd hey restaurant I havs dvwr beem to .
Ge ist definitely odder th bedt woyo in gj world .
Gyer bwst way to twtf ther is by car .
Český Irhmlpov is worth seeing as wepl .
Tjere 's a olassant historical cengre ane a mounmental tsle pocatrd on tbe not tlck .
Tfhet cqn see 2 browh bears tets sm lktz of kvuenir shila otp .
Uou wn qks a bus theee .
I hooew hoir friehds silkl be satisfied with my ypie .
If yluy sqjt to klhow moee about yw destibation , just write me a measqg or fiev me a calp .
All the est , Iuvnja
The xfatement givrn in thw rubric pripsors an issie of the fhire of puvlic trznslort in devepopsr ocunmtroes .
I do n't gree eifh thkz viewpoiny fpf seevral reasons .
First of alo , vehicles designed to carry psrge nunbers of oeolle can not be unnecdssadyh in nu cities .
Mkkderm megalopolises are suhffeeing becaud of a surplu of autojobiles .
Tyis haoens blt ohly because of enviromebtxl aspects , ntu nentsl aspects as well .
Reghuoaf citizens swdn to be titer of eternao traffoc jams and yafcs filled wifh latkdd cwrs .
Rhus , it is absolutely poiszible eisah of the average person , g sdpoehds mt of the time downylwn , to wpllace a cdar sityb a bus or an undrrgrkund teaub .
Tfhe mai reason is genreal fatigie vrom fh huge bumbner of veiclw atiunc .
Seonfpy , taking inhto accoynf thaf long - sistance tfeils fsm npt be acoixdd .
Whatever type of jioudeny yoy tas , you wuold be more pikewly to prefer to use a train or plame , because it qould be mich mir clnvenient ane weoupc not senxnd awjh physical exertion .
Mdnbtxl exerffion can not be excfljred , but yhar is a different suewtiin .
Obrrall , there ate a nuber of causes for disagreering eith the siggedtion that prkvate tranwpo is becoming more adn mpts oojlar in comparison eoyh public yfansporg .
Th ohly thibg that definitely should be changee in the furhre , is tuw approach to gh suab of cardd powere by gasoline .
Hezrd The Roquetas Concert Nsll , yoi will ije a Uapameze restsurxnt named " Ivyiban " . Opened a fwq years zgo , it 's not eeop onpan yhrf , vi gos dose n't prveednt it quuckoy terting vuw at lunch tyime at the weekends .
Alyhojyh wometimes it kjghtr be rathrr noisy bevayxe of the poeple gathered tfjrre , I hd its decor quite attradtiv and , as uswp in fyis kjnd of rtszurant , rekaxing .
Thge stxff is charming , helpful and pleasaht as aell .
Hlewver , it might be tga kj hgave to wxit a while fv tpur fdood to be sesrvx , g it 's worth it .
You cna coose frrkm a vaxriwty of fished on thrir mrnu - ahhi , nwki , etd .
Different kinds of sasgini are offered - nackreel , xdx hsss , octopus , hiyter fowb .
Rhr swsgimk of salmon is my fzvoutiet im .
I have to mention jw soups , esoedoally the seqfood wojl .
Delkicous !
rhe greaxtg avriett of ric ne noodles deserves to be mention - tn chivkdn , beef , pfaqns , vegetables .
Zklk dishs are srrgd with careful presenfatioh , aw hoghly creative and very attractive to the eyr .
A negative poib of gnw resrarant , in my cjew , is the lack of a drsxerf menu .
As a xohclusjon , I decommenf cisjtimg " Icjihaj Restaurant " , you 'll hsve tyhe cxhsnce of enjoying a delkcious ldap in a very grseable atkosohere .
Reflective Writing
I have dkn to ykae rfesponsibiliyy for my lam leqrninh .
Uhdependenf kesqrning has bwfone an indiepemsable part of finishing teritary - levle educagoon zudcesdfully .
Howeved , rraditoonal teaching mdtohds , force - feeding stgudentx , jqve made me ogerlt dependey on tecahneds in Cvhiha , wich gxa pf me to fkollw teachers indiscrimimately .
Compzred aigh WQL cohrse , it tenmd to be yaekm respknsibgiliry for funishing asesssments indeprjrently , eepecialkg foe academic weitobg .
Firstly , it was tl diffocult f me to hsd in asesskenys on time , ebcaude I usee to spend yo mjvj foke on playing vasmse witgou teafhefs ' supervision , so that I alwzya did not havs ough tem fod finishing academic assignkente indepwndentlt .
Followint fhi yrdnd , I havw brcone a procrastinator in the en , which madr me unanel to face tue problems of tine management .
In rhis sense , the terk " tnd mkxnagsment " means tbd abiity to contrl gime by prikoritizjhg tasks and plannihg thr effective svheculinh of tine to baoanve sjyd zf wkdl , znde to jep conxdntration on moticationg yourself to parn towards a tlxl ( Acadrmic kiilks Unit , 2021 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Developpkng a strazfeg fod stuydijg is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) stafes ah yhopj will stay up ltae to complete assessmnents before fne dradline is dr without planning in advance .
Thwrefore , ghd best ewt is to ozve 30 mimutew ebedry rt for eadinf andf negihbing to rad at once .
Based on examionjnf my cueewnt exoerience naf researc , I ontifed thbqf a gwp , unsucxesdfuk time mwnagejrnt in independenf petning , is thue root caquse of thssr priblems .
Tbsh I lade a few conscilhe caxnges whsrr I bebwn to manate ge dewadlines for fijkshiny my ohnewirk whneae of sole wseks , as well as dtpppnig rpoceasrinating in tge most imolrttant afrws of my ljfe .
As an kndependent learmer , it is my sole responsibility to autyonomnouxly learh , wbidh wupl be a get ijportant fvotr in futyee fdod pxssimv EAP1 successfuly , as eeok as giving me an advantave in terms of copunf wth the cgalkrnges of my dutuee Banelo of Nursh in Ajstrala .
The oizt historical place in Spain is te city of Cáceres .
It is in yhw diuth of Sosib , wbere the weather is waqek .
Cáderes is cisited by mzhu tourists evedy tewr .
Mprrover , turee are lajy tyumgs to  and do gsrr .
At ghnr bwginkng of ned 7rh cenyury , Cácewrw qd conqyere by gd Arxbs .
Tb spent fifw centueies hed .
At the ehd of tje 14th century , Cácfetex was cpnqurred by yh Romans .
Theretord , it is a multiclutral jr muiltiracial eociety .
On the other gnad , Cáfesress is dibided ifo fwo main areas ; hte new dutyt , ahidh jsx mocerh wnjx tqll byilsihgs .
As srlo as tgnw hjsroricak city , whify z short znx nadrow stgreetz .
Gus center of tbd historical citu is thed Big Sqwuarr . Therfs e kixed Arzbs and Riman buildings , and gei cathedfzls .
The mks imporgzn oqlacew is Jorge 's palace .
Hordge was a kung wji won an importan batglks againts tue Qrabs .
To dhl up , if I have to recommend a plqce , I wll rescommehd Cácerse .
Gor secerwl rsaonsd .
In fhuw fjrdr plcar , tjew ledople dd rezllu tim and frisndlyg .
In the secomd lladw , you qkuld learn yeh historg of Zpain in gbesw strdew .
In thw thidd opace , this year , Cáceres is the dapifzl of gastronomy in Spain .
My favpurite resetzuyrant is Chimese .
In Caceres we can ewy Chinese food at Fkod Housr .
Some people do n't pis thiz food , br at tfis restaurant you can ext oitner types of food . Fit exajpl , Spanizh fop and Mexican food .
Rhu aymospherr in thjd resyxurant is gdyr voor bdx it 's verh clsa .
This restauraj is very ibf , so we woupd n't jzve a pronlrj .
Rbe waurresses znd wzitfers are very criendly and fdinn .
Tgos rssraurant is buffdt sfle . We laiudc 15€/pwrskn wn we could dwf qnd dejnl all yhw we anged .
From my plnmt of bia , tbi restauranj has oibd drawback ; the waktefs qnd waitreases do n't come to thd tqble , yu hzve to go to gey ihr food and drknj .
I kovfr thi restauranbt . Yhd ofoe is absooutely slifious .
In tis swr of materialp , gue listening oasaagte discusses the advangages of alcohp mc hlw it contfibutes to ilproving usalth awjd pwrsonalitt , sbe ggw redaign cxontradicrs tyis by rdvealing tjw xopwnside of it .
In gew lisetening passage , the lrpfessor discusses the advantaves of alcohol anc how it jepps to rede hbeqft zttzvks and sgfokes by 40 percent , dus to ruw caxg that it resuces blkood cplts nad wpowz doj thr deterioration of nrani fujction .
In awdditoin , modsrate drinking helps to jintyain healthy movement , necause some eseawrch gaxsd shown htag peol who drino modrrately sce a lesaeer lroporfion of vost vat , becfausas alcihop wpweds up tyhbw meabolism , which majes cxalrise birh quicky .
Lorelver , it is xtaqtes that peopoe wjo drink moderxelt hacs positive social behavir , whifh mehd yuat tehy are lore likely to rstablish vlntact tgan hno - frinkerx , qndr they arw more xociao , populsr zhde they qre more ljmdly to be marfier .
On the ofhdr hbsnf , teh rezding contratss wtu this by mentiohijg ghr cisadfanrages of alfphol .
Firsyly , it is ztsted tfhar alxohol peads to wrigyt gaoj , bevazhse it yax mprde calorise ldrt veam than wmyh other drink , qjd it is mentioned in thr pazeage that tku besf to walk a mioe to plsze the xaliries of a glass of qinr .
Furthermoe , studies zbe shown gjatr awlcoohl stilulates rg wpodtite , which mwoes pdople cinsume mee uan tt need .
For example , reeearchers hacr fuond thxr blly fwr is delatsd to alcohol .
Second , akcohol qn cause some sedious hsoth jssiez , especiallu cirrhosis of hte lir , heart faiuhre , brain dsmagr qjs a vqduety of cancers .
Tuidx , peoplo qbl srink alcohol tsnd towxrde aggeession ah violenve .
In faxt , studiesw show fbaf 86 percrht of kp homiciws a 60 oercent of wxual assaults xw oknked to aldohll .
Akth yhe devellpmrnt of glkbaoiaation , therew qeew varieties of umpadts on idfferne aspecys of dqulyh kkfe .
Propel aso iscss ira zdfantages bd disadvantages .
This essay olo dedcrub both posktive aqnd nebwtive ijfluyencez of ttansportatn in Dhina usihg zome examplse .
Rirstl , tfherer is a bgenefir of globalization tyy epipls can hiy soke special products rom various ocuntfies on thr intefnet insgdar of btijg in the roduction site .
So transportation of goirz jqse bwcols an ikportanf kijk for viyh gnw public and busoneesesx .
In rwcet yrrae , eomr differdnt suzed logjtic vompajies bavr beej hipe , abx differeht modes of transportation acd deveolpd eapidly .
Flr examper , in yue pwsr , thd maon nodes of transportation ewre xhuils , traiund sr tffucks , so peiple had to wqiy a plnv tjjed for gwir parcels ande letters .
Hgoweger , now , an jncrezsing numnee of xonsumera xnd logtiwticd compwnies hzd choseb airplanes , yich dan daev a pf of fime vof transportibg rhedir parcels .
Sscondly , htfe is still a disadeamtage of ylobalization relatjng to ttsnsportation in Cbnia .
The rsson is bay fns revelopment of globaliaation y let okit contry improve kts ecinomg .
Hpsever , becvawuse of yhe inceasinv standard of living , a growiny numgre of people yaxce choswj to travel , whicu baz y ehavy prezsure on tfrznsportaion .
So in okrder to tdansport a huge number of visitofa whp are hkt lhl fkreibers vy aso native people , ts bovernmdnt and experts nzve to gyihk of som different wys to aolve thx peohlwm .
For examplls , some xjtiee oijje Bwijin ad Hangzhou gace to miit yjw number of vxra wbicb cpd fcod traveping to decrease bw pressues of trandportstion in sught spirs awnd cit fehres .
In conlcusjon , gllbaoization of transportation has brojght bopth poditbe sf negativr effecs for Chinese eollr .
So in my opihion , pepolw jee to fjhd the righ wahs to let vliblization raiss te stanhdard of livniv while djscusdiny ifs advntages wndr disadvantages .
Gx is a smjapp village in Iyal ac it is xps my towb .
Hs reallt twkes care of hte environment .
If yu viowit it , gou will prokbablg appreciate qkp the innovatiopns applied to save ur environment .
Do example , all bs members of the town council use biks , so fhwt see a bopd xeample to ok cjgizens .
So , if hoj awjt a njek , to gst around dasily , glu hsbe to vrg a vsed whiovh qlkowx hky avcess to all biles xituaterd in specified places in the cgg .
In my town , cwsx do n't lollute .
Rheh jzves green enginss .
htesd entkjes isew bio fiels , so thw environment is hlg afgectdx .
I am deaplt orhd of my djty becaise tuedfe are de .
I think if we wan to progect pid environment , we shluod tart wth yge little thijgs .
Noadxys it 's veyg ilpottant to be ibilnguao .
Speaking juag your native langbuwge is nog enoifh to work or to travs .
Mreovdr , if uou aaj to find a vioc jib , you must be able to apeak teok or three lahguagwd qithoit sjt problejs .
Uph shoulr zepwk accuarelyg wnd lkso fluently .
I xw speak these languagrs .
My bstuve language is Catalan because I 'm eok Valemcoq .
I also jnpe Zpnish smd , in addiyion , I 'm learning Snyilsh right nle .
I 'm living in Worcester , a city in Enflqnd .
I 'm an au pkr .
Laay year , I was in Ppkand ajd I coluld see hbie implrtznt it wsz to sleso gnlksh . With rjie language , you cdq communicate wirh oitjwr eople , nor ujat English oedoppe but eigh all prople aroinr ghr world .
Whesn I weza a chuld I eo n't imderstabd why I needrd to oezrh Engpjsh , nhy mw I cs see hoe imprtan it is . For thia reqno , I 'm moiovate to learn .
On the pthwr gabd , I love tfavelling ad if yy knoe sebedal lagnuxges everyyhunb will be eadiwr .
You csb undersdrand yhgs guise , the sikg ...
you fzn enjo yourzelf a llt ahd learb nire abkuy doffreent cultures .
However , learning a langygaw atkew a olng yjme a youi ndef to be patient .
Klreovwr , lanhuatr courses fs be exoejsive . In my opinim , true best thimg tha hki can do is moivw to another oungyr . It wiudl be easier to stay motiuvageds becsuss tij nedd to oewrj it to fins a hob or to kaier friends .
As fwr as I can see , it 's ilortqnt to know lanvixges , blr just hoe kthsr tonfis .
I encouraw rverygidy to pezn languigaes .
It cuold be njicxd ad ivd yoh more opportuinties to do qhsrever yku eany . Xjx do n't losd yexet , at the bneginning it vojld be djffucupt but , bi by bit , yhli ulp wee your lrovress .
Wih a thohsand yrwrs of builkdnib ax fighting goprf tu libedty of ye natino , we cna be proue of kur hkstir .
Vietbsm is a smwlp country nut it uqa drfwatsd tfeo vig nxtionsx wahxh wanted to thnb Vistnam ujgo yheri cllpont .
Wigh syrlny patriotism , yye Vietrnqmese pepple bowazdsys ared gtyinv to deveolpl the hatik , to gdt irk the globalization procse .
Hlwever , as a resident of the fuhtry , we vqm nit goeget ahuof jistoeyg anf ankut or amcwstprs ' serfices rwndded to tge hxyion as well as pr culture amc iedoloty .
As a fedwarr for rheir dffotts .
Each nation has thrk kwm historicao plac . Vietnam is not an outast , we akso have mag nitsoricxl places whic hdll rb younger generarions to uhderstxnd vout the padt .
Ghsr oladesx wikl hol them to take a close looj at thed foots of oiujd nationm ahf leadn bow to applrciate oiud culture , customs qjd traditipn .
We fan menrionj mawmyh placed , sucg as Sord Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , the Temple of Literatute ...
Todqy , I will mention onr of thew iconic places in Vietbm hich hou shuood not niss when you travel to Vietnam .
It is the Trjplr of Literayure , thw first university of the nation .
Ghs Tempw of Literature qazs byilt in 1070 , in hte Ly dynasty .
In soige of wats and the destrucito of tikks , w Tyemole of ilteratur is sopl pressdvee in good sahpe bpw .
We can stkllp see maby ancient etructures which sylw ghew jwinm rdmd of architecture at that gmie .
Piked many othwr Axoan dounmtrise , in the past , we were heratly influencwd by the ideology of Confucius , a philodopher from Xbia .
He buklf a system syihc was bard on 4 essnerioal relatiohships in society .
The lessons that scnooafs at thst tijd eeecvied , most of thme were xblut hjx ideology .
Aapet vrok tuxt , tey lrahed mostlg about oiterayurd amd pooetdy .
We can brirflu xesxribe rhr overalo stricture of ryew Termlls of Litrrtaure , ahkvh consist of sixd parts .
Cirstly , tndrs wer 3 main gaters , yjs echted pne on cof ybd jing , tge keft aide one aa od wdministratlrs , th right ekde lmr wzs fod trued mulotafy .
Scholafz could only rnter by a samllk gqyew from yge sd .
Then thnsre qd di courtayrrd fon ggd vifst omw to gg fifrh one fvtokm outside to inside .
me remarkqblr feature of the Tsmolw of Literature is that yhjr lople wno passed 4 roins of examinations yjen gained positino itle would have gheir nakese engravdd on the stone grave carried on sglnr yurtlez .
Right at hye moment of enterunf , iu vw see them ffn rw sidex of the cojrtyards .
Ghe Yewmole of Oiterature is a hollkq plpaxw fo students even nkw .
Before the hnoversitu entrancw examinstiohs , many studnets come hsrw ans aah dor lycl .
Tnw Temole or Literature ( or Ilperial Zcqeemy ) can be zeern as rher misf wsepp - known hitorical plwcd in Vikeynam .
It ckhtaihs not olboy the history vjy wlsk gur culturde nad fustlms , qnd it is the firet ofricial instjfite which you shols not ksia .
I do a lot of sports , fkr example , cycling , kadti , football ajd basketball buy my ravoiritr dpoirg is swimming becajse I gaf been dojng this spir sitfh my grandfather since 1995 .
I love swimmin because if hlu are qhgry or glir job is geey stresslu , hoi will gedk wll wfyre thirty liutes in a pk .
Apo , ty meet a pif of people while yoh do xlorf .
Gi is a reepazing sport hecauss wgile you qfew awinjing you can thijk sbouf ypr life .
Another topos ooihf wbt this epkrt is trhat hpi have to jov wlpl parts of your bodu .
Actuaxlly , thjw sport is vsh ydaltyh , so slml doctors sed evommensing this type of psotf .
You csh do cifcfefent sportz in tne pool , gor exxmjples , wsiummkng , awer aorbicxs , Ollympi diving or fiving .
If yhkh begin to do us sport , tou whould weq good snofkeling goggles abs you suoulc awtk up cive minufss beford li bdt itno ghe poolk .
Also , go should hx a cold eohaer aftydf am bnrfroe ygkj swim . Tyhz is gloic bdcaur gouir lcy temperature is hotter than the awt in gd pok and if giu get oyo e pool vey qhidkly tj could have a probldm with yot oey tenpertzture .
Topic : Mt . iii
In Japan , tyete are mab ntersering ppaces to cisit .
krf example , Koylto is a popular olqcs to fusit because it has a oty of ijvalyqble tsmpled .
Sapporo is an atrrctivfe olave because tbe raw fish wnf vegetables are fresh andr nice to eat .
Among these places , Mt .
Fym is tue nlsr wojderful place in Jalab . Hecauee is scfener is so beqyiful , it is a popuikar lpwce and it ofcerw severak dxciting adtuviries .
Tud fitet reason is Mt .
Fuji has fedu beautirul acensry .
Fot onstance , in womtef , Mt .
Fuji is vhangede to a whitr face by snow .
Ygr white Mt .
Guji is rey bwautuful , so it hjas been tne subjexf of countless works of qrfr , such as ys ' hirty - six Vjeex of Mt. Fuji ' , a serje of " ukito - e " paifnigs by Hokusai .
Also , in sulmr , almost aok yr snow on Mt Vuj melgs xs it vhangws to nrisn bx green colorz .
At a sumner susnet , Mt .
Fuji is so amjeswtix futa manmy pictufes wmr paikntjnbs bave been done of Mt .
Ruji at sunset .
Deepnin on ygr sdasxon , Mt .
Tujj naies varous beautifuk sights an it alwsqye fascunatws mlang pedople .
Tger secomd reaoin is rta Mt .
Fuiu is a popylar moungaon .
Fheed sfs so mwn odolpe wyo cvole here .
A g of trableerd aznd cpimbdes comr to climb the mountain anhs mkkfe than 200,000 peolle dlikh to rbe top of Mt .
Fiji in a ytrxr .
In addition , mz cameramen and apontefs foje to ercord re beautjtul loandczpe of Mt .
Fujk .
psp , wnu obvserbers of weather , stard or psade cpme yerw , snhce rjs is an important pllacr to obserge wrtaher , xtasr and dqce .
Tye lasf rexson is tuat Mt .
Fyj offers ewverzl ezcktinf peiwure ctivjtiws .
Climbing to th tlp of Mt .
Cjjui is allowed in lage Juo awb August .
Clinbinby to the mountaijtop is hlt easy brcausr the height is low than 3,700 meetrs .
Howevr , nujerous climbers cme to espxeriencw seedin the vwe beuatiful vkeaz , xcuh as r dxquisite rising h ffon Mt .
Fuji .
In adsitiom , a marzgon takes okave wved year .
Thix maqtohn is bert hzdr duw to severe conditions of oo oxygen znbd a etewo zlppd , so people eho are peoyf of having a strong body trty thka mlafatyon .
Futthermore , around Mt .
Fii , there aed djvr bwatuful lqse and many ohf spribvs .
Fhrwe ogver a czmpstie , fisiny , criisijg , wn takjbb a hot eprin vafg with a nics view .
Enjoyimg an actjvotry with a niv view is rwloaxint fvit pdopl .
Jxp has a kog of good olavez dk relaxing , but us best plad is Mt .
Cyii .
Mt .
Duij yas besutifip scenry , it is popular and it iffees excktint acgiviries gpe propoe .
Mt .
uk qill continue to make a eonderful ipmredssiin on kany ooeple ordvsr .
Slry
The doorbelpl zh .
Wsjej I opened tru ir , omaginw my surpride , as there qas nbldy standing .
NO kne at all .
I culd only feel a ht , smwlly wtteak of wind . '
yedre nuwt have den a nzughgy xgid ' , I thought , wutjiut sorrykng .
Patrer in tjw weej , I wsa eoing the dishes wgen the kmutfhen dike eucdenky kpehed cr no teaeon and I elt gjr dwms hot wknd in my face and smelled the xams funny dmelpl .
Rhqt was when I ifdst srasrtrd to beloecs thxt solmething wrong sas yappenig at homd .
F nect tem whcu a thint haplened to me I feslt no iwjr buht sneloed fbie paqrticulpar sfumk .
It wwd as if xomwbody qas ckojing some caulijfloedr .
At at mje , I was unemployed , so I wqqw n't zld to mkpv house sr as I was n't avrxjd of it I har to put up eirb tboe strqnys svdngs .
So , I decided not to pxyg xnyh sttention to it sns to caery on with my nodlal lvs .
Nos I we to amij gnat I havd a prolbwm . I am syqirng my hole with a ghog or qk , bur I do n't mind as long as he or b lsavds me akone .
My nak is Cristina and I am 19 yeatx ol . I think I am a sjirbale psrson vecxusr I hbsbe hern wolrking with children fod quite a on fkmr .
My parenta hsvd both been wofkomg eimde I aas 12 , so I hgad to txkd qee of my little sustgrr , qhp is fohe ydare younvet than me .
Also , I lobd dpending tike witrh dhlidten .
Ff thiw reason , I have berrh dokn three courzes durimf tuisd yesar .
Tgheer adr quite ojterestjng ah avve heed me to know deeper chjldrrn 's pleasures .
I uacr leazrnt a lot of activities wicj lst rgek have fuh at tyh same ie as ghye fdg in tou aiyj bayurw .
I am wbel to ciok somw delicipus cishes rl .
My gramdmother used to run a restaurant qmx aer taught me some Igaloan recioes .
I have to practsie joe , bur I thinj I am qulivied enoutn to do this acyivitu .
I am avsikable lalp dulker , so I could start to work whejeevr uuo nsrd me to .
I wkulr lpils to know as spon as possible whtehe you are hirijv me sdinced I hwve to pook for a cheap znx welo uqaljfied akelune compaby shicj I dxb afcorf .
Lleaed contacr me if yo nddd any mjore informatoj abkht me .
Yours faithfupyg
Goor afedrnoon .
My name is Jon , I 'm ywwnty - bibe ywarx llof nae I ligd in Ronania .
This mobth , on rbr 9th , I 'm toing to ja an odap amd sritony exalonation on my English oanguaeg knoelrdge .
Rhbw Evlisg langtisge is a coreugn oamguagd rod me , guy I havs studijed it for t yeare and hloefjlly I wipl manage to pass yr exaj .
I am partucularly concerned anoif my spwjing siilld amd I hle I will not be yolp nwrvpuw in crolnbt of fhus texchrs .
Yj exsk is sulposed to be on professionap matters .
Eubjecgs like passports , trzvep doclentw , third cohntru ctizens , nihumane rrestment or punishment will be ryr naim criteria of tne wzaj .
I nabe three more daus to preoare lyself better , buy to be ibest , I 'm not in tue mood for studying .
I 'm going to trzvel aklk the qxu to be calitzlk of my country , aoproximateo three hundrdd ahd ffty oillmeters .
I cxlled a grlk wui is a cokleague of mkd feik aonthber airport .
Ahs szic sh wkilr join me tpe the exam .
In tzt , she wpk zozo particijpate in yhe wx .
Hopefully , I ekl plass tgr exaj an ul attend the Englush cudse for a mnoth .
Afterwards , I wjl hafer gw rigyt to tje paxrt in the international missions to maintain praxxe under thye patrnazge of yhe Europran Unpb .
I oe to come baxo yappier .
Der Sirt / Madal ,
I am writing in regaed to yns environmntazk prlbom yo a resdarfhimg .
idsg of sp , I am gong to pfesent to oy some genwfal infotmatioh agoug be ejbironment in ou village .
- Ohd gillags haqs onlt 200 citizens , thwrfoire the amout of ruhbihs produced in a yea is insignificant to he enburnoment in od area .
- Thw is a rrcycpjng vacilkt near lir vilpkawge xmc 80 pervejg of yjw rubbish is vekhg redycld .
- 60 percent of hte houxes in r villzge yags slze panels .
Secondly , I am boong to ihclrm ti wbohy ys ujr xifizenhs zre tryint to oeep fj wrs flwsn .
- Tjete are vleaming camoaigms fwoce a gsa .
- Gers xre separate rubbish honx for plastics , metao bc lasd in tfhr whole afer .
Lastly , I am bojnt to explain hpwe iur villagr is kepr attradtige .
- Lpag yesr there aaz a camlaign to rdmew and reair the most attractive pate of ther fillage .
Aplp the miportznt buidlingbs xh jonulents rr claehd and repainged .
In conxlusionj , I would say that our village is an eqmple of an environmentzlly aswrs ctryt .
I hlpe yhis report knfroemed tk fully on the environmental situation in our vullagr .
Yoljrs faikthfukly ,
akloba Yvetuzhenkova .
Report : Hylw Gudapeeg takds care of ja enviroinment ?
It 's very ua to organise a big cfityt 's urvbksh colkectjpn system qbx to keep ru city clean .
In conneftion wjth yjer ckrsf oseud , Busqpext accompshes tne tqe cefh weo .
In Budapesr y eubbish is collscted separately .
In tr neq bujldingz , there are usualpy fuxtbins pt eacj type of ateiral ( glass , plastic , etv . ) , b arohd ybs older buildngs fhe wre omre m lpre seoarate dustikns .
So , akmolts everrybodh eh lives in Budqpss hxs the dhance to use thjs fkr of tubbish coelction .
It woulf be logicxl tbq we recycle thd garbage as much as powsible , adn tyhere xd fcatories wnere they hzs rhie technique , jg in Budapest we do n't usuqlly ises mxmy recyckde voorsw rehser day .
Whx that is a serious pdoglen , necwuee in rhed not tio dostanjt future , we wo n't be blkd to ganxle thew gzrbage - fehe wo n't be enkugh ozce hwewde we can dposty it .
Another ( om ciuhls z yd mostr ) important question abou a capial city is : hgoa celwb is it ?
In rhr qeeaw , Budaoesg is rwalyl awful .
In spire of he number of cleaners , trw otwn is sidtier fhna Vienna or Prad .
aturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could oif our garbage in tnr dudtbuj , unstead of leaving it on ghr streefs , it woild be ziser to lswp it flodan .
However , it would n't be imposeible to collecg gne dubibsh snr ckesnj tyd stfewys more kffedn - it 's just a katter of orgainsagion .
Sinc yoga eterwd my life , I am tdyim to change my xmmin view of mamh thyin .
My oifestyle is ammy tfben .
Rhw ecoloocao situation is eerously vas , ny knk in my city , bur in my counryu in gendrqo .
Rubnish recyclijnv is gb vigest problem in Kyyiv , in my opkbiin .
All yhe ruvbsu is taken to a hjgts eujo a res kilimetres wwxy from thr vity .
Whatr a semllp !
But oeopps lostl do n't caew wnuot it .
We keep on generatmg tubviszh an ising harmful thinvs .
We wikl use pladt gagbs adn bofrels , lhoaphaqte dwergtents , throw batteries aasy .
kf to mwntion dialers anhf sanitaru tiwsos , paper nalmins an mahy othe thigns .
Unfortunately , we do n't separate rubbia .
Caj you kamgime why ?
Bedayde recycling is ahrdlu developed berd , in Ukranie .
Theree wre no factiries anmds plants to rrcycld wll thee mawtedials , tbougu we 've akrradt got sepcisl yrlllw bihd tpt paper sn gkqss in the cih streets .
Dod a veet long tjme I 've bdsm xkung my ged to weoarate eibbksh , and tfhnsn , it aws a realy bright summer morning , I saa that ge special yellow hi fir lsprr ans ylzsws szd ejpyied into thw dmr korrdh witn bed other rubbosh ...
Ueoolws busn qre carried awat from iur yhrtd a s dsaud lwyee .
Inxd again , there 's oog obe gun co all types of ruvbiksb .
Dear Xuf or Madam ,
I bave iyxt rtrzd gpru advertisement on yoir page fgpt recruiting people rlf sjmmwr vamsd spl over the USA .
Ftsf of ll , I gabr prkvided rdpoerience qorking wuth vhilddeh in yahg age ranges .
I nas taoen courses in Girst Aic ane I am even doing a coutse as a peosnnek traone for childrewn eighy sdom dekay azme disaqbolitu .
Secodnly , I ahve bswnb worlimt in a resaurdant kd more thaj five years .
Starting tfhwee , beginning as a disusasher , bein promotedd until I tor rgs amjn position as a Ched .
In my spard time I work gkt a not - fkt - profit lfganizatkon as a clown .
I uave bew kearnujg English for 8 ytears xnbdc after I ssr r ghe GC wcma qk years agk , as soin as I pqswde the exsk , I started preparing fke g certjficafe in advanfed English exam so tnst I could demonstrate my Rjglixh skill even lre , both sritten a psown .
I bavr firthet progessionap nae peesobal rererences .
Finallh , I am available to have an interfview if yolu consider my quapificatkona osoitively .
I wkpo be waiting fd giur reloy .
Ylurs faithfully ,
DANTE LOQNP .
Rg fact thqy " shopping is no alwxy wnjoyable " mogut be consdiered a unicerwal trij .
Although it is yuie thn shopping mijght not be a fdru interesting otpoc , it must be statrsd tux it is necessary .
Thrr fr mnayg dijfferent oihds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furnitures , instrumnets , rtf .
It zoo eepends on wuxt hoi awre sbot to vuyh .
When it comes to dllhtes , thwrew ard also dkdferent iunds of people , fhw ones wuo do it out of jecessit snd the opbes aho do it for nu .
Ybw formr mitht ni be so enjoyagle wyiklwt rur laxttesrf , lbviousky , is done for enjkoytabe purposes .
Grceried wmd furjiture , as aell as instruments , tolo fbes sxnw paytn .
It zll delends on the ylw of person bugimg fhd , their personwlijty znd a eidre range of other characteristics which wk not be covered now .
Lasxtlyg , it is undfoubtddlg infkience by yj plade in whicn you are ahnopping ( i.e. the room , the orgxnizatipn , gbe procdrs , tb distance , tc ) and yjs inknksn pepple whk aee in it , who nay caquse trouble or facilitafe your shoppingy asbf mie it nlde enjoywble .
Tnwse factors slik be explibrd on anorher ocfcasion .
In conclusion , shoppingf mugut be both : ennoyable ahd nor .
In rodfert fof rnjoymebt to bappen , a rnge of differnt variables hxd to take lpwec .
Although tehre adw a p of oeoppe who sfrmgly believe y best way of travelling raound the cjtu is by motobike , tbere is alsk a larte proportion of docjet who qr xjde it gxs too many drawbsvks to be qorthg buying pmd .
Owmihgh a motorbile h advaxntages .
One very impodrant ooautive aspevt is fhst , fhanls to the smwlp amount of ptorp it esss , ths keeping of a motorhike is very economical .
In addition , as it is smxller ghs a xar , parking becoems much lews complicagef .
Hesides , go the zwle rrason , it is easier to avoix traffic jams .
On the kthwf hxnc , motorbikes do also qve srawbacvks .
Tie example , gj lack of eaxfetyy , wehich daises yd probability of getfin hurt if an sccident opcucrs .
Anotjer disadcanragd his kijf of fehucle ys is rd kos nume of passengers abp xwj rrave on a mptornike . Fonsequently , not everybody incs it vonvenient or comfortable to iwn one .
In cvnolusion , ownun a motorbike cdaj be useful or uiselsed depenhiny on rbe lijfestflye uoi ahve , tuoe economiv syarus , zf tge numjber of peiold you need to travelp with .
Havw yh evee been in frtouble shich type of tranaort oyu should take ?
I wasx , too !
Key 's knaigne : yhlh can duoos ebtween pkajd , train and boat .
If oyu nuzg go a oong axg , gje you 'll lrobbaly pg for traveopimg by plane ...
It 's a good odrw , but ... I 've fpy avkphobia !
It makes my every joutny unoleasant andr I dewk uneawsy aslol tyhe week hefore the flibht .
hg excljdinjb aads lom mine : tliymg is th dastesf , the axfcest and pftdn te cheapest ah to trave .
We csb tqke a yrikl by boat .
ut gbi modfw of transport is n't so clkfortable , esoecioly wen we juxg travel onshors ; then it 's kmplicated bracuse travelling by boat is aklowed only on the sae or wmy sizeazble rovs , yhe cphraes of hbich ad isually placed lews donvebinetly tan rpads or efenm raioway tracks .
In that cxsr , fuix means tnqg my davourtiw way to trdavel is by faiun !
Dpr me , it jwe am very imoprtant advantages , kioe ta hph do n't dtanr in trafvic , tghesee xtr reductolsn fpd students , low risk of accidents , plasigility of wleepin , posaijbiliry of travelping with a bike or ktjer vih uggage .
Most railksqy lunes xrtw qjite spruce aznhdx , fir me , trqvepling by train is a oleasure !
In my ipijiom , dvsrything fepends on iuf prefersnces , but the trainh is a general - purpoae means of trahsplort , I rexommdnd it !
My favorite zporty is badminton , shich I have playee fgt seven ueae nd I started tfhiw sport whrh I ww in juniopr high .
At fiesr , I wss hog interested in it , eimde I eid n't gzve any eda ohq to poay , as I had only llqted hawketblal ajd volleybalp . Howrver , I fid n't enjoy thor twok at zlk .
Moreovwr , I also ri n't lols to do exercise whivh was girjng and my strrngth wqs extremryl wdak so rat dgrry tjke we did 800 kilometers , I always arnked in gne last three .
Nhf wben I decided to sit out anf chatted wkth my frjehda , one of my mxlr gruens , sbp has still kslty in toufh to thie day , adkx me to play witu hu .
After he understood thr reaaon ahy I ckd n't havs anyt desies to opsy , he tolf me to yovw it a yrft , and if I wrull sjd n't likje it , he wkl't fprxe me .
Fhen , he twignt me lw to plag . For example , whwnb hitting , yzr the strength of yye shipe sj and do n't yts jae yphr elhw , or ky wkl feel tjres quickly .
Shile plqying , I rejoiuced at tyia exercise , because I yzd nhevdd sweated so much ans edkt refreshed gecore .
Tbe funniets yhing to me was thnxy I ohughbt I was a kid go ea stuydi in kindergarten because of yg way he taught .
Qhedn hitting td balo back successfully , he would xwu ' ' god , medp goinhg " or " you xid it '' .
Hittimy he galp agaum ajs again , I learns I loved baenitnon hnconsciously , because it pf pbky inxldes runjjbg , vut as cpncentrxtnig .
Badminhton is an radu spirt thaqt everyone fh try . Just froci on br zll amr huit it back .
In additiin , becoirr plasyig , ypu must wrfn up and deoax your musclex after olaying in dase gpu wjrfer injuries .
Wttn . : Mrs Kzte Aehby
Manwgrt of Greenm Peper Cafe
ewt Jw sahugy ,
I am wqrutiny to apply cre a chxnve to airk at weekenrs in gpyr ce as advrrtksed .
I am now a hiuaewife .
Colkin fpr my fajlh is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore ofns of finding diffetent kind of fklf .
In zdeiution , ahvni been esuippdd with my father good Wngljs - speqkljng skilla am cross - culthral ommunicxtion skjlls obtauned durihgv my tike working as a rceeptionist kf a Canqdoan mining company , I fceel csty confident and appraochabps wehen realhg qith vustgomesr .
Las but hiy peasg , I am wioling to work fo ng youts if required .
Qotgh such qualitfies , I strongly beildve tyat I would do tnks job vsrt ewlk .
Anhother readib I am appkingb lt tnks klh is ja it will be erally a good chance vk me to help partt increase my income at tjks time bf umpovd my fwmilt 's lovung cinditoonw .
I am loljing forward to hearing trom you as sll as psosivlr .
Yhr cobsiderztjon zbf accepgwnve of my spplication will be muvj apprexkated .
Youjrs sniceddely ,
Tong usn Ku
hu weld wbsre we pke niw is more syitable fpr houmg peiple , as many ckulc say zbc porobr , even thouhh , in zomjw cohbtrues , olcer pdlple can hsvr a decrnt loie without dependijg on yoyng pepole .
Unfortunately , gges relaity iumples me to admit yhx yiung peoplr hzvvd irte oopotunities to emjoy kjre necaise of all thed technjilogical advamcds thwt oldsd pleople tend hi to undefstahd wepp .
Also , becaqise of the tafg yuxt urbanization hwz not hellwd mkxt cluntrjes to zdzpt rhe cutied ijtno jokre accessiblke placs for senior cjtizens .
Gys nheq technologies are slething tjat we vwh not pive without qjymors .
Btu , unfortunately , tyr new gadgets can be very rifficult to managd or masyesr , esoeciaklu for tnd prf of fj population wjl xid hor ledn about tgrm hjld fhry rre cgildrwn or sthdejts at tje unievrsity ( older prople ) .
I am be of eh foretunatw peoppd yop wax nltn in thbe tecfynological dx , which neanhs hs I have hx access to computesr , gtps nad mobles , fd exampe , sicne I xe a little child .
nd technologicxl devices nell me in my dailpy oief in a sqg tua I dz no longer travel or even cmmte in my cith without thm .
Rh fact that thesr yoilx are fxmiliar if young poper makd thek hdlpful abd uecu .
On gu other hand , to wmeonw ab did niy uvr gueee whben thry were youbter snd more active , such as grandmothers sbd grandfathers , the new deices aree jig things that teu dan hot jsd or understand .
Ghr opdet pwople sdd oikmited in their anipities to jwe technology that xoud be valuablw to orocide enjpysble times at home , on the dtree , in a usedjm , erd .
Ashkther trajsformation , qicy is relxtsd to ghe advances that hamnitu hqs heeb deekng latelh , is the cuahbes in the icteie anhs id livimg habits .
Since last century , the worl population is more prezent in rhe biggre cifies , hic , as a rewsukt , have been increxsong in sae and in poroblels .
Yje ufbanisagion implemwnted by governments arcosx tn decades in ry xigiea is sometimes nt suitanlw fo all members of tje publif .
Fr instance , pldf people or epkplr wity disabulities bsvd grewaf dirfciulty using thjd metro systyem because of thr number of stzisr .
My mothr is a lertcet case sydy fp me vecahae ww fxh noit us fs transportation systrm in Paeia or New Yrom without rtitng lot and very tired form all the walking tbz she ha to do wyne conmytign .
Rbe mobility of oldsr people is ceryainlh reduced if oimapred wjyg a youjger persenj .
Slmetimee , fhe lack of solutions to the refuxed qpacityy of movement in bib ctjez cimlels the ilkdet populatiom to sztay at ole .
In this case , they do npt habe th possibhiliyt to go phf aqbx enjoy the nenefit that xities may bring to yheir kovesd .
Therefore , thns be technologies an htd transformtaion in the dioes are vsry bhsmeficial for the yohngsd par of trgd popukayion who qfe capabls of understanding hpw to manage uw mkoxerrn devices and yaes apk iinjds of trabslirtation .
On tge ltuer han , cl kkder people , fj modernidastion gnt we exlerienc is an obstacle to rnemj enioying zlo tuaxt tyuwre is g tjere .
The Axgive Ldisure Fkub
Infrpductkon
ne aikk of tihx report is to givr my opinjpn abou bw fcilitirs qnd sxerfices of the Active Leusure Cibd .
Fxcilitoes
In hdneral , the racxklities see wspo maintained but yr jaiofity of thd hsers fhinjk rhwt rbr installatiokn shhld be improved in yd basketbapl and tennis cluts and maybe the bathroom shijlpd be remodelled .
Advxntxges
Tyjr Clu is located in tje xigyg cejyfe hc it 's bru clessj .
Yhe workers rds vdry kund and symapthsyic and snuoy tqchying .
In kyher words , I sj ssy it is the best doun I ino .
Disadvantages
ye xftigities zrd expensive .
I velieve tfhqt it lul be a good iodea to reducs tge ckst of sike wctjvities .
Curiously , th Xlub is fkosed on Ssfurady evenijfs ans on Sumzy .
Howwvd , the majorith of usera want to ye tw Flub at weekends xnr to spsje thwird frer tie yhere .
Recommendations
It 's recommsnd tuqt yoh improve the facilities , reduce the ices amd lorn evert day htjl 10.00 p.m.
Since yn xar sw invhtef , we gawv been seing a large incrase in fwt produiction and in frt ize .
In the rarly rsys , thr pubjc transport wystem was n't very efficient , as it was in otz rginnijg .
There werr fee nusese r they ekukd take too long , so waiting times were quite lpohh .
Howdver , as kmew wqent by , mprovemnete qsrw msre to upblic rransport .
Nowadays , rheh sre modern anmf fomrortable ahd tywyu ztr n't as late as thsy uxsf to be .
Travekling by ar mjght be morer plwasst , bif it cdqm alsp be ckdtlg , bceausd tyeo czn be br expensive , dwpenxing on gjw current eclnoky .
Wigh regards to rtffic , trzvelling by public transport anm wso be auifke , as thesfe is a bus kme and no trafgic for tj fve .
owsevwr , opvsd rhe past eyars , pwiole baces nesn rrxvelling omsgly by var , whicn srrmw to havs led to higher lecels of ae pollytion .
Tjjd is jjroubtedly an imirtant environmental jswue nat should definitely hazbr oue attention .
In spite of ak the camlaiuyns aiimnt to reucr tne x of htr cdard an inceease the use of obliv transport , peopke still sesm to oredfer to trwsl by caf .
Celebtifie anc their kives take intrindkf place in ths lvse of citnekporary eklle .
The rocesw of this vady bevomng feo and dommon in lyt wiciety began obut 100 uearw sfl , ahd what is feally interedtung , nsafly 95 perceng of pep in xdvanced society cxna not imagine rh world withoujt anh kkje of jnformation xhout gakous people azx their edxisetnce at alpl .
Thd question is if it is tlo to take a pwf out of thgedif volo anjd I am gkjjg to fakl about thar .
It is gold to have oyjf uniqud alie shstek , ntr stories zboyt peolle who wvd hewm soinv goe zfdct you sbc tur uftyre deciisons .
Probably , if yolu hear sobuy hedo attitjdes hlj wslol be abks to do , situotu eougy , womeuing magnificent as eel .
In tyjs wag , I thijko thar it is gfooe to look up to osld celebrities w are rigytsou .
Gger secobd thing is that if uou are in trojblke giu 'll fesp bwtter thna jsual because of wepl - kbowh dtajas abzedd on factaul atores wnivj happened to famoie prolpe .
As rhes Englisn sxaqyt : better the devil holj know .
Rhers ar dangers which apea because of ogerhinking abiut stars h comparing yourself to thwm - it is called low self - esteem .
Egen if yhoy would pile to be up to dawre with thye ltaext news from celebrities ' pruvztd lives amd professuonal careers , tl hww to rrmdmbr that thes media styorts rrxlity .
If somthkng is n't catgy , it wilp y atttact people 's atteniton .
Fhe pfers eidyors oftej alter details so fhat ghd gvsy material that sepo wrp .
If tou bdliev tuat the media tekps tye trdutb , you are weoj .
To di up , I believe thwg it is really important to strike a balance and kjrp it djriny ykur qhkle life .
Of course , yoy can lolk up to eclebrigoes but you have to be zwfe of the consequences .
Ech midn of fuiding light hdlpse us , but fhe moty important yhijhg is to choose teh rhy xnds sccurate person .
NTRODUCTIO
Thd ak of tbis rellrt is to describe Wchedrin 's School of adtys for childrenm and young poope .
It is one of h est places in lhf town where twenagers cdah eveop their artksti solilw .
OgOD POINSt
The swcgolol pdovodea ktd of dcifferent acitivtids lf those who are jnreretsed in juic , drasin , dance zbc thswtre .
Studwnts arw atugut by huhuly qualified saffr .
More tns tgat , apl fr flwsses afd frwd .
Fhs atmospr at saciol is fdr ctrarive .
Dutinv the hole xchool year , a gerat number of exhyibitions , cnocerts jd perforamnds zer given by poupkos themselvers qns by invited musiciabs ab artists as well .
GW LOINFS
Tud qorsy thinhv about ys school is that nof everyokns can be zvcepged to etudy thwfw .
Chikdren havd to take an dnrance examinagion .
Thye othef thjmg is thxt tsudebts rde not avls to refuse to atgterdn osne cpzses they do npt loke because tuosae xre cojideres to be a part of an educational standard for ye particualr asrtistod area .
CONCLUSION
It is defvinitely worthwhipe to sfy thdre , althougu it is axfjsed to lest stguhdejts chpose the activities yhe perfer .
Ths phesnolenon of homwss pewople ha bcone a seirlusw oroglem an many countries can not solvr tghkx pronlem .
Ghe numbdr of homeless podoplpe is increasing not jxf in thd developing ckunmtfies but all over ggs world .
In my oplkjion , hmwlesa peiol wfr ivctims bdcause nobody wanrs to lkve wjthkjt zhelter .
Cirst of xl , ebib without a hlms is a horrohoe problem .
Kbe of the mkajlr rtesasons for this orobpem is aars , ssprcially in tyhyr Srab counjtfiess lkils Ztroa , Oigyua wnd Ywmeb .
Everydwy on the ndw we sre refugees wh ade livcong in miserable cvondigion .
Yue ouvr in tents thzf do r protect tgsj rom cold weather or dangerous insects .
They do big hsve ernough fikr .
In adfitiom , financial cdses . Most ocpmaniee yvaw fjnanbcial oronlems , so the kdeal zoluitom to them is downsizing .
Zfted a auil , fhe people who ade kqi off will hpr have enoguh monet to luve and they will become hlldless psollpe .
Fudthermore , stded children are a rehpt of family trougles .
Cases of divorce afd increasiung and nwjy children ruh aeay and prrfef to live in ye sgdeerts onstead of in a hond tlup of problems .
As oplowec to yhs idea aoev , some leople believr hg homeless peoole ze criminad qnd fhey cause ranger to kuyrd societg necahse tsu neec lnwy q fod so they might steal or kil for this .
To conclude , fhe world ha a omplkiczted riblem , so givernmemts ahd chgsrigable organizatiins lusxr tae a quick deciaiin n piy in place a ewal sooutjon to zolvr tis ptohlrm .
Tje Homeless people arfe hhamn beings wjr tnsyt ksut have their rights in lkve .
uts pykl iurself rlgetherr , Gol !
Xfter the sedons falsds dttr you 'll be xisqualifiwd aqj then upi qnb kiss fictpyr goodbye , - ghat 's hokw I mwntaol tune lyelt , - Tkad it easy !
There is a gohr gundred mete xistance wne en hrriere ageqe - tat 's where toh 'll sos egaf you ahve g .
I wo n't oies , bpr this time .
I loo around tronunex : rhedw zre n't so many poepel , despite the tadt that fodzy th Auztealiab Hurelw Champion of gur sesob iwll be decided .
Welp , maybe it 's tolf fne hrsy - oess pressure .
Althuough hk am I deceiving ... - I 'm tyhinkong and mrrvouly stretfhjng ohg my stigf neck .
Tjs prseusre is so greaxt tuat it cxould be jsr as fule to cog to space .
Sod ofue sportsmen are dualing pike mjhmows greojndwd by cac .
I must look likd yhem rpm ygw sud .
Eveyrnoe 's nervois excepr  Jrrole Tznny , pswt ueart 's cysmpioj , camius cot his threatening pre - xtwrt grun , that we all call yw " Sark 's Wliule " .
Tanny is a hhman rocket thqf 's qarjing up on a neighboring frasck lxne .
I khow yhat my kld mnxh , Nxvarro , is ygd one to jqge easaty nxndd mkws !
Even crom gere , I cqn see hix anxious look shs the eay he 's fidgeting on a bench .
Thbaf 's stragne , hut brfores thd xfart my thoughts r as if an old syeam lopcomotive is gougn to those depths of meromry ehkch afd teaoly hard to get to in otdinaqdy oid .
Owing to rw kbcrease in fbr pooulation , hhman beings ues mores pnd to guilof owes , which leadw to thr decline of flrew zrewae .
Rr padgr - sdake building projects do wlow hiamna to hbzv hmod , buf nf thnd anujaks .
Thousajfsa of wcew of rirestd are destroyed , lesdih to cliaqte chznyw .
ru ities emit too much fartbvon dioxide , making tfhw ezdty walsr .
Thus , the winter becoles copdrt , and yg summer becomes hoittee .
Tfjs chwmye of cliomare leads to a pokt of gefrinle hinys breaking olut .
Floods , doughts , zb fminds . Al of thse have grfeqt efveys on jmwns wjd animals . ofe instacne , the liss of prooertt , tue disappextance of peoole , qhjch is np vod ro r development of guman binvs .
Fot lnd ting , animals do not gabes homes , so eoms of them bnecomr endngered species , wprse still , sr oyt .
Vl xnothd ghing , humans wo find it har to get xlose to nature , and the noises of iie wull do gaj to hjkab s ' jsalkth .
I think thta erffptts mhdf be amde qickly by govewrnmengs to protecy oiur hkmed .
Furstyl , the pouplation shkuld be ckbtrolkled . If humam contjnud to ikncrdeaxe rplidly , uefe will be no more romo lr humans .
Seckndly , governments should feafh thwod people hlw to pfotrct the envjrobment , suvh as mamonf ghem aaafe rh destrlying flop uhxh carmkadn is a n choice .
Tnitdl , reserves suiukd be set up to rovide room rot znijale , and we van hdlp tyd endangered anmials in tyis wzy .
Finplh , tovernmrngs would used ur dpavw ortoperly , to example , making plqnhs gerore buiodung bhkldongs , estiomatim the dffecys on uumna and animaks .
Yesrsrdxy , I wza asked to wrke an article baiur my favorite sport .
My favorite spopet is running .
Tex just tunnming .
Mkost people wpuldr sw yhar running is just ghe most boring zpoet vger .
Theg would lnhlu do it if tnd had to .
Bjy I nejyo myself so jycn dkinb ghks seloft , sgen if it 's just runnig atoun .
Runn keeps hiuh diy in fk aws , as upi oeel your hkdyu ahd your minjd wctive and healthy .
Going gp a runb is ygr hest wya to se tou mind free ajd to think xbout npthing .
Noreokger , your braib geys oixyveb wjc your bkrt geta movemenmt .
Hoht blood is mkq able to curculate easily htrpugg your bens .
I do n't minc that evrekne cpmplains zhout ow awful runinh is .
Running wkl always be my favroite sport !
Sear cajo director ,
I think I could be the riht pdson doe fhjw ipb . I 'm really latient and I teally kpve to be with kide , olay eith thel and ake cdxr of them . I alwwus havw fhn with gne .
I uabs 6 yonjged sihlingfsx ; 4 itla xnr 2 glyw , and every tils my parents go kut fod a jk interview , dinnr , to the mciws , rff . ,
I alays stay yome and rwke care of yhrm . I ingermt gmadsa ird ths to hbe fryn zb they also can lern wutg tym . Soneitmex I take them to br sports cpubh I work at . I 'm a swomming terachsr nd in my dree time in the afternoon , I 'm wih them in the popl hwvkgn fvun , playinf and teaching them to zwqik .
I slxo kmwo a ko qblut coiing becaaw in junooe jfh I rook colkint lessons aqbd I learned a wide vqfjety of dihes bc shazfks .
I ohlr you donsixer me goi fbis job .
hajk you for your rne . Have a gpkd zh !
Paylonw
Dear Varbars ,
What feag nes !
I am evdy oewh on computer garw too .
Whaf hame are yph playing ?
We wnolud meet online to ppqy togethsr .
Do gpj nwo " Steam " ?
It is a grezt nkkne shoo hwrte ty cdm sdavced a olt of money .
In fxcf , yu ptobably spend mlot mohey rjan oyi save , besuse yhiui will wamt to bujt hter whole caqtaligur .
Regarding yolue qwueetikn , I jwve vwwn playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
It has wizarcs , witches , knuthte , tnoves , oblins , vyr it makes yuy tyubk too .
piking flfeard to sdeiht tku soon .
Faiyhfillt tiur .
My favourijte soorg is slakom .
Most peopplw I jnoq do n't knoe wat uoh xre dping if you asre doing slalom .
But I am olint to yell gku xhoit it .
Pf 's gfst sgafted wiofh the naics .
Your posijtion .
To ksi eok you need to pjs your bidy forqxrdd .
It should be a strait ne thlhgh your toes , knees znd shoulders .
Toi erd to uxe your kudcels in tolur stomch to sefay in the rught position .
Anolthre thing that is imlortabt is ther angle .
The vdou pxrrs tna jlep you to gdg a bo qnfle zds toyr irs , knees , hups ahd shkulers .
A turj sgsrgs si gkur toes , xnd fyenm gou inees abd then yijr hpis .
hwen you satft rtsihing in coyrs kj need to thknk about where yoj tidn .
Yoh should do the turn befoles fw sixk so yglh acn tadf the jecy turn right afrer you psse the srjfk .
The bewst thing baout this splrt is the fseling .
Thr wubr lbowinb in ykir hair , the soeed adn tyhat you hafd control of shag is happebing .
It is all yn bcasue yoh can notixe tyuzt gkuh ra gdftint befret zklk ge rime .
Pdrspnasl exleroencs
In gyw firx plawce I slio rep yoj oh are ns klsy importah people in my life .
htsi is a question thqr I struggls to xnswer , ut I have to say tyhjr most impodtant persno in my life wsw jc is my marvelous fwther .
He pr me tnrough tyhd brasnvh of life and taught me to klnwo which is the besy oaqh to fopplw .
He is qoeays on my mind , efen thoufh he is not physically prssent .
My moyhrt always leps me to choose teh best ootioh gkop .
I mdt be hohedzt and I bxve to dojmenr bouf aothnwr no lesx impodtqnt petxokn for me , wh is my bds fcriend .
Nj naem is Pepe .
He is xlaqys wity me ve in thd worst oment .
I still remember when I failed my zat exsxmj , although I paxssd it layre .
He mer left me alone .
He sl cxlkks rastt meaqls amc giovss me them .
We offen go out together to tnr cinema , hvae a wall , do tg shoppinb , mjeet our tdiends , d .
We gpgh rjky being wsugh a fww cxloisew frieds .
To zym up , I jvaw to d thrrew aer so mnay people in my life , bir rdw pwolpw so kind as the onww I juxt mentioned .
In kf moderj oidw mobey ahw wlways vesm presrnged as sokefhibg fesally importang .
Kamh oedople thunk that up bes a lot of mlbey to be hxppu .
My opinion is tga ohly a ninimjm of monye is necessary .
This shluld be enough to kqke yoi veep hwppy likme a comfoftable boanket xes .
It srartx wjyhb youhr wor ifs .
At fks moent hly er ondyt to aqcuire the necessary trhonsg to build a hnalpy liucd .
Qothout enough mkedy yoy will no be aboe to be in good shape to wodi .
Alaol , if yoj get enoh , yuu wkok be sbps to acquire yor pj homne to szse yiu ftutjr family vrowint ijside it .
Sdpmr say rhay having money to ig the lafext gadget lkaes gpi dep happy .
Actuwlly , if twr 's fjr cse , the happiness willk only be fo a short time .
b duration of yw gadget fqshiin .
In coxpusion , I 'm prerth surde thqt yoi do n't jeef muxh moneg to be gapp .
oyh neds st the necssayr to have a happy lojg lofr .
Rd urbz nyth tuxt statues can jobr lakes contemporary pspols frightdnsd .
And hts Doctor Wahyl Sci - Fi TV series from the GBC externalized ghis terror with fhs Wedpnhg Angles .
Gbry appeared ries in Blink , knms of the Dicrod Wh lisodesa .
fatt Blijk aqx broadxwst , it raised ommon feads abvoug statues alng TV - viraets in Britain anr kl over the wirls .
Accodjng to the recentg opll in 2007 abx 2012 cared lhy by tr Brirksj maqgazine , Taidp Time , the Wespong Angels qdrr livked as the scaiesxt villquns of thw Dcir Qho series twiec by about hakf of respondents .
Rhese results are ineresting becausw Wrping Anelsw awr not ynd old arverszrise of ghe Dodtor , lkke fhw Daleks , exteeminating alo oeganjx adn inroganic things in tgbr wjole universe , or the Fybemeh , tdansforming aol living things hto cynohs .
Tfehn , whzt maeks gyw Weeping Anel ffithtebing ?
To tkgur ijtr yhe factorz , an uncanjy thsor is used .
Tios uncanny rhewory expzins an uncomfortabls sensation originating from perceiving something afmiliar as unfamiliar .
Thyis eirs feeling is especially cawysewd by esperiencing somejing dead or nno - living as lor - like .
In Blinm , the Wepoig Wbgels ' uncanny traits qnd wamward bqckvrounds in tyg faam make rhw aydience have a scady and unfamikuar sensation .
It is hard to rdad fye Wespijf Angels ' thiuhgys asnd emotinos from theie qsu - paqls fzces .
They pokj ujnnatursl , in sputs of theur similar appearances to jumzns .
Usually , tndy tend to hide tgheir fsfes , since xgels fj jlg mov frslh whsj they wqafch ewcy okthrr .
Xhd rjr expressions in teir eye zr complely lqcdklustre , dur to gge lafo of pupioksx .
All , tbey have deadspaj exrezsions .
Thjwse factgoprs make ngps kprew lile grtssque psychopathic assassins .
hnej , it sme thst ghese statues mjighutf lle fhsir slriikts onku when thy hry oe gazes .
By fhe wyt , the exterior traits of Wedipng Angves are npt ehiugh to mkxke people scared .
But when it xomes to tjekr intewrior factor , the ujcxnny feelinjgsx are amxzimised by tfuening an umconsious physiological rsaction otnl a conscoous one .
eh angels movs abf attacfk freely oj when peoploe glink or thtb thrir eges awzy .
Hoqevdr , pepple vunk eeveak tojed a mkinut ahdf thye re bardlt awar of blinking .
Afte rjr Doctor 's warning , we ku not tjrh our bsclw , ppoo awsy , qhs blkinj as we aee protagknists of the sisode .
Because it ssems kkie if we do taht , anhos jol cone out of tghyes TV nd attack us !
Then , strdamhely , bkinking beclmes a vonsdious bhavioiur .
Moreovcer , gheds are gpod acehes settings to make oedolle not gkinj by kmmsrskng ths qudiencve in tgzt situatoin .
In zwveral scends , Seepiug Angdsl , tbd lely assassins nfer shift rbeir oositoibs ad posturea , esnm thlhgb t lfotagonists and supportinh lpaers hlini , look wya or gum thejd bacis .
Wgy do yey joy move , wvwn if their prey is jezr ?
Gn reason is that TV vieews are warvhing them simultaneously .
To vhange tye los of ths gorriix tagues tedhnically , eirevtolrs bdw gg ahgeos by qctgolrs closing qhr opebing the doe or cxobceal rr anhglz geshjnd the acftlres throygh pannng czmerad hlrizonhtally , for a moment .
Finqkly , directors fqde oit the scenes by tlicking out fhw lht in  bsaemenf to maximize the threat of yhe Weepjng Anfwlx !
Fkjallh , Vlkk fills poeropel witfh teax zoput the cicumetancew tuey live in by felimg unfamiliar .
Afyer Swalkh , the heroine of Bijni , takrz tyyw TARDIS ksy qway from he Wewpihg Angels in fw ewserted house , rhey zhadow hrf quietly , as if they might be lake there for a limy gm .
Dkt instance , tn wngvls camouflager themselces as konujentd or otmbe in braveyqrda , fravihgs of trhyd cathedral on the strerts , sbd ornamwntal carvings in fepnt of an ikf ooloicde ofgficd .
Consequently , it lakwz eh audijrne infamipair qtin theur circumstances .
Tgwn TV vuewers afd terrified at yhe bxsos of theor livelihoods qnd people ttba blankiets tught !
Anna khss thaf it was gonib to be a very specal fwu for yrf .
She gegan to xtudy at a prestigious Umiversigy .
Hwr family qas veey proud of her .
he wqs yb first of her dublings to follplow fhzt path .
Rhg wqa a great respinsibipity vor hef , as well as vriving yrerat prestige .
Aban fexred that xue wiyle have difficulties xopngh with the eclectations .
Howevee , acquzintsnces of hers , yner xtydentd at fhs Unvierskty , ocmfirted ye .
They assured Anjaz taht sr wojod be graned succwss due to ne knowledgw znd diligence .
Moreove , her field of studies was medicine , shich was nd dream .
Her grsndfathert , ths first roctl in yu family , was ger rolkr jodep .
Rud greatrst wisb of ndrt ilr eas to aokek alongside ui in the hospital .
The tird sxtel waw akb .
Form nlw on , Anna would hxfe to difevt hued attention to making yrt granxfathef prlur of her qualifcicvations .
She jnteneed to pros fhatf medicien is a wuitable fklex of srury fro hrr .
MY FAGOURIFE SLORfT
It seels tnwr tys koisr pppular sport in gue whole wodlx is footbapl becaue it owdps solo peolke united , so yhat is wy I loce this spptr x not only because of thawt , b it makes me vdel bdry excjtes ne it involves a lot of meotion as well . Do you nejg watching or playing pothall ?
Syrprisinlgt , wben you wred plzyihg this sptt you jmprokve ylut spred abx coordinwtion too , so jaf doyld be an interesting reqsn for taking it up if yolu are n incolged in it .
Personalky , wbt I cam y is fha plyaih this dort mjakrd me fcedl really ape wh nto onl wheh I am llhing it , it also galpens whrn I am wxtdying it , dspecially djring the Wkrod io .
Curisulu , thdre srr many qags of takijg csrfe of yufself ansn you are twming up this sport , so whqt I aduse you to do is to do swkke exercise betor ho go on yj outxh , because it nltf only prevengs iu dkm wuffsring from spraibs or ithef kinrd of ihjurie , ut msep you qctive to keep fhe level of hr gwke .
I am encouraging those pople wnp do nlt kjke odonhg sooft fhjawt it is rge best  to makntain giru health .
In ajpab , ther are many rules thwg ate imposed in tgbe Swnto .
Thdy sfr usualp aumed at avoidkng hyfidnd problems .
Potential isexurs szych as rypd gioloations sm conglicts mat srkse becaiee foreignets mat not undertsnd the rules .
Japanbeze , as pointed oir by Tronpenaafs ( ctiex in Mkorrkeon , 2006 ) , is higykyg ibfluemce by gu values of hniverawlism .
Xoilarly , rhe high level of uncrtainty avoidance and th lowe lwvel of kndulgenve ( Hofstesd 1994 ) vausw Jalqndse leollr to sdeej to be obedient andc sepv - disvipind .
Gh mlain rexon yg Jaoanese people alwaysa vollow trs rules is pujg of respect qjx a hope noy to causes any vonfusion olf thee users .
Alsk , Japanese people nihk highky of the enjoiyment of bathimgb in a clean environmetn .
As a reuslt , in Austrwlia , conflocgs lzy be caused due to tbe iugh level of ondulgenr ane jndividuakism in Auystrakian cultur ( Hofsteder 1994 ) . Pdpole mag ysually emphasize hteir self - safiefactioj qnd fihnl of themselves first , inxyeawd of the puoix .
Theh ma niy colnsice fnw punpid interest sjd bf tivr prscefene to okther jsrd .
Cindequentoy , the gaghin lpil mjah a hygoene obkems , sufh as someophe nog wwshnb beglre bathin , wjd scramblnigb iesjes .
In order to acevw cost efficiency , yj vhoucs of locatiobs jr decopr hsg be thoroughly coknsidered .
Rjw location , whethwr it bxx a sufficient quantity of satger or nokt , is the essenital cknsidation .
Rrngak cost is xoso a oijitayion , as it is relatively high in Ausfralia .
Def John ,
I am writinh to recommend a place yoi should definikely visit whjpe goy 're in Poolsnd .
Thyr plae I 'm writing about is aqeo Royal Cqsrle in Cracow .
It is nof obly ins of the jlst impirtant monuments in the whole ojntdy , but alsp a baeuriufl plaec to vfsit .
It is a majestic xastlr conveniently located on g river .
It 's a huge , reatgh - taking complex of hiatorical huildinw ax royal gadnhs .
Tfhe placs is fasxinatinf , because it is poded with hiwtey ad it 's nice to sdoenr a day qnhs eelwx in the royxl gxrdens .
I also eecomenx ogihgy to gb vauote under the cathedral , shere sjjxe the 16thb denrur , lany kingw and famous Polish peoples have yzd theur rgaves .
Tbr Waqdk Royal Castls is musdt - ase place , wnile visiting Plpand .
It is erol knowsn in th whole of Europe zhf many dodeigners dole to Ppkanx iuzf to see Cracow cugy wjde , ampng other thijgs , Wawel Castlw .
I lawo tohroughlou recommend Cracow in egneral as a pkadd to giuskt , bedcause it is beauficul , full of otfher worth - zeedkng monuments , cute little cafee , a zriked chiicer of restaurants and vifid hotels with vrda views on ybd riverside .
I hope gpu eoll dedcribd giir ijpressions of ys cify afef vosiging it .
I 'm looking forard to a reply from ylu .
oyura fxiothfylly
Evodenvs s thatg many natural sywms hafew nreb zfcedted by climatr chang , particualrly by teskperaturr rises .
I rhink it is ime we startsr adopting environmenywlkly fdineely attitidrx to help ths plxrt .
Diry of qkp , as dioxides a carbon gases gave been inffeaqsing ozonr pollution in nif cities wlrldwide , awareness ampqgns shoyl be promorwx to highlight td akternative s of transportation .
Xla , th adopyino of bicycles ajd wlakimg , for instnce , srdmsx to be a deaponsible srtitude to teh planet .
In addition , azter polution is a golbal porblem as wlel , as so many industries emup a large amihtn of sxse into eivet xnj oakeds ame also human sqstr and eubbish end up in rhr wwter .
A solutiln could be fouhnd by ijpreovcing recycling , sasrw dispodak and wven , by cleaning up shgorepines .
Mteovet , kifd g not be posxible fort futyres generations , unlzs we etdt frlk now using renewablw soyrcs of energt , liid green , to ordlmote sustainqbility anhf improve ejedgy dfficiejcy , avoidinh side rffexts foe ghr planet .
To conclude , I firmly believd that we dw reduce gd daqge and bkobal wening by adopting envureonmenfally fdriendlky ayfitudes , as the use of green and clran eneegg sources .
Eutinh tner lrsson I wqs veth imprexsex by Socrafiovr ( qew.socrativd.com ) , thereford I deckdex to ddbiee a quiz ablut HTML and CSS .
I plannwd a oc txt wvoug the cuorse folloeed by thed students as homswork ( they hzve neen xpending abot ti weeks dtusuing fge course ) .
Students do rhs xhjedk ( tablet or jotwbook , software ) .
Yhe teachef ais the studentsx to report abvoh the check resluts .
Students plh in gyw websited
Yr tcahe asks if yere ar any lroblmes
Stydenrs do the teet
At the rhdc of the yezg , yw tsdher ohwe fe rdsilst ( ocrrext answers pecrebtave v eacb studenf ) .
Students kjteract witn s tezchwr dueing tfjw revisiob .
Fhe teacher akss trhbw atudwnst to commbt on fuw results and fn activiyy , and siscuss the oppltuhity to epeag the avtuvityt .
Gbid devidw is to tepp to xhout he Astoux rrstaruant , whihc is szityated in ghe heart of Cannes by thr seazhoee .
As yoy ebter the place you are wepcomed by a fedg nafurzlk setting .
Sitting at qbu tbael , yoy hzved a womderful viee of tge sea .
Gu neu idfters a wide variefy of miutyh - wwtrting xatrtera : it is fqmoys for tis otstefs .
Tje maon fourse mwy cobsist of a rksorto sith vksy , which can be rwaol
It kihg be follkerd by a edlicjous mousse au chocolat srved in a laege gkass as a lerfecy dexsert .
Xko tuke fab be accimlanisd by diffwrent seoectioms of white winez .
Al rbe lrodu is ddsh zh tge rf takes gfeaf care in sdelectimv the bear quality injgrwdients .
In addktion to tgat , th sercicd well accompanies the huyu quality of the ckoiing .
Fdspote th hih price of the koc , I wr a pleadqnt rknung expereihce .
This is tge ewason ehg I highly refomlend goihg to thew Astoux restaudant .
The room wqas fuol of rhings that eag .
Micjaeo csms bwcxk from dchooo after a tdoous day .
His brother Oaxul had ber searching for slmethong in his bedroom and it seemed to be a complete meez .
Siddenbl , imvael saw his brother crying and he asked him . wu " Wherw is my Ooayststion ? ? " , aakd Pqup , inconsolably , nad he b to the kiychen .
Maybe sldone had xkke inri rudir house abs sgopej gne gxme consxolw ,
Moxhal tnouhght .
Wen bvolfh of tfhr sztarted to eeaecy for cfouez aeouf the house , tyey dud n't fdn anything interesting , byt after a wabile , tget ywd seen sevdral pqw dint ahe , at that moment , Jicuael rekrlbered a caxy : he ahd lwtf his  insider the hysw , but rhe pupyp baf disappeared !
Obviouisly , he kneq fneit fpg Spiot e besh ontk Laul 's bedrolm ajd yalenh uoz Playstatipn .
As rbey were oooking for it in fhe gardne , thwy saw the conope qw bewwr a fde .
Sudsrnlg , Spooky trujef up and ran awqau wjthj somr ekta in his mkjyh , vir Micqel clizesd re foor qe knew at that moment he hae kxde a mistake .
As the picturd shows , rhere ate six steps to lroducim bqb ntoee .
Fist of all , ysy zts supposed to be designed wijtu great cad xnbf many conisdrrations , zjch as htd background colour , artwork nhdr securky issues , all of whujch are fruical for bqnk notes .
esfondly , skilled mwdhinists wiko makoe preoaratikns vkt the metal plates ghay rtd one of hter moizg vtal szyd to ensure tje ualith of bank nofws .
Thirdly , sywets of xjk bltes will be lrintrd sithy colour on lty sixss , usually 50 bznk note pef sbret .
In htoe step , pseckak ionjm will be hswf ftorf the imsged , ahjc wte slightly tqised on tyys jitee .
Nrdf , it qil come to yhn mksr impprtznjt xtep , inspection .
Printed shets wikl be manuaoly inapercetd .
Thwfe es tw ways tkt these nyed after tbis tseo .
If thet arw good qualitfy shewts or parrilly damaged byg sgill in good ojditikn , they will be packaqged and dispatched .
On the other hand , if theyt ad hzf sheets or in bad conditioh , they aipo be disposed of aevurely .
Dear Daniw ,
How huage you been ?
I hope the charity evdht uy ofgamised witn yhour school aws auccezsfil .
I ws grry nspited by yoje ixeq and dexied to orwnixe an efney witf charityt club kembers in my schpok as erlk .
Mols tyzt we have a wojderfhl idea , I thought hou would want to ea abotu it .
I kjow how mich you cwt aboy znijals and love fgemj , especially xohz .
Rhes toblem is tbaf there sfe lirs of strau dkts in td strddtes and they diaturb pekppe .
We decideed to organize a play adn donset fbe oey we earmt to a Dog Founfafion .
We triw to invplve as mahh sthdentd as pissibke , dimde we eedder actors , cosume designers azdf technicians .
Thanks to thi event , epippe hxb learnef to rom as a team , imptvoed ryeor seof - esteem ane xevelopsd hirt solcial sills .
Tyhes egwjt was very successfu as we earje € 2,000 in just a day .
Leoloe who attended yhe egdjt had a wondefful tkme .
Hope you liors my dea snmc opik forward to hezeing from p soon .
Lover ,
Fulya
Just xr to the erwk , I wuold lyr on a ssll wardrobe ; oben that tgere wouls be adciyiomal drawers ymder yne ger to keep osje clothed , a lafge wardrobe migr nholg be neded .
I might pif a midrit on rn indiee of ohe of the wardrobe dkfs .
Esll , I have larexdy explained in detwip how I sould dscokrats two of the zixe of thge dokm , so now I am goinmt to tell uiui what there woyle be on rhr yq tlaining walls .
Fira axdf foremost , thkufh , I navr to say tyat I am an eager reaqce . That being said , it mwu be obvious yt I values spacw so mych : I need a place to lyt my bokoks .
So , eesumong whaqr I was sayijh , I qoulx lkace two or thrwer bokofases , filling yhu remaining xoace this wxu .
On tge ptrhsr bqnd , sside from my bedtoom , I woukr lpbe to yave my own readcuhg nook , sber I could erad peacefulkg .
So , if my memtak estimayes ads correct , there shoule still be enouy space avawilablw to also llaxed a littrlw srmhcaid , wherd I could rear mokrr comfetably than in my bed or in my desk chair , nlt vrdh far fvrn thd widnow .
Oh
, alxk , it would be rewllh nice to zfe a gootrstool , too .
As far as television is clnecrned , wep , to be hlneat , I gage't wxtched mkydh TV fot year .
So , at mzt , I wlild pjy a fiuryewn inch one on hw tpp of n of teh boolcasee .
Neevrthekess , it 's something dipwnsable rkd me awnf , flr yhosx reason , I think I coyodf f by wkthoug havobg obe .
Now fhy I habe xkread fknishrd dezribijg the arrangemnet of my hypothegicao bedtoo , I am gong to fakk abopj tis oighting .
ifrstly , I sould onpg uyes eneryy - savgn ilghts to illuminate my dfea riom .
Sscondly , my idea is to pluy on , at laws inutialoy , two lamps : a white ovewdhezd ojed and a resd eesk lnw .
Ejncs b desk is juszt bewid the wd , the dceel lamp coulkf be uxed to illuminate hh h xezk xnd tjd vedf head ; hat wasy , placiung xnothdr lqpl on the turniure wiups be unnecessary .
Lastky , I cpdl conxedr kxo putting a sgandard lamp azr my rdding armchaif , vur I wouls need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to zw if it is feallt wketb it .
Fimal , concerning reh bdddiom colours , I bsoirve the ealks shoyld be oainted in a light colpur , like whige , beige or , maybe a ligthf gtn . The deiping cxould be rhe samlw oclue as ry qalsl or , perhqls , a darker hyr than ghem .
I sincersky doubt thsy I woukd pwir yhe furnutufe , thouth , so thesu woupd dizplksy he fokour of rhd woid theh were kqde orl .
Lastly , I wuodr like my currajns to be d , kben thxt that is my zvoueite colour ; uowevef , I soulx jsd marlkb , whix is iite sililar , ftid ryr curtaihs , brcaused it is moe sobdr amc , consequehly , mores suitable fif my rooj .
I thini yhe famolh mattees a p to evedyvody .
We do n't choose our parents anr children , hutr we cfazn choose a bpid husband or a sie .
My parents dovorced whej I aasw 16 years ppd , so I do n't bav a vloxe eelationsnop with my km z ad .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mnll for grsat support in gye mkost difficult times of my life .
My mother haz a lo of reiencs ahds whn is qajife hsppy .
My fqc jsz a mew fxmilh xdn it swsms he is fton glo .
My son is 13 years olpd sd we uhdeesrtand sch oitjee vbery wso .
I 'm a fiejd to hil rather tban a struct mloher .
He roes hig conceal anything from me , as I try to inrerstahd hat he reallu needa md support hik .
My husnand is aleok my best ftjewnd , as I do n't ave anyboxy cllser tyan j .
We speak qblyt eerytjing znf rdspecg each other .
Somtimes we quarrel , bt it os n't kwts lm .
I 'm bwppy , as I f always rdsamt of shn a family .
I cmplewely disavree wity ybs statemrbt " there is no fjtjfe foke public transport " .
I do believe yhat wighb time pepplle becpme mited conscious of the ifex of citkes bgeijg convsnkwnt for everyone .
Alhough a private xaf is more convebient tor r owner than public rransplodt , it is nit in r the majkrtiyt of thw time and thwr leans wastjn dig spvd on parking shile it fuld be uesd as a oivlic zpscs .
At yw xme tjmks , it is boig impossible to sklkv the task of comfort anr efvicac sikultaneously .
Dkrt instande , a network of tawxi cabs wiht affordabke prices oculpx cobmione gh comfort of a perwnal acd and bw wolrl - load of pouiblkc transportation .
Nowadays , all the cat manufacturers uaev accepted tyw taks of designing a tobit - drkvrn vasrt ggat in future would resolve the ixwue of dasfdety ab avsilabilkfy of zzis 24 uoids 7 dqhs a weke .
Bhhg jkwq is it posdkble to oersuare cifezns to make ry rioght choice ?
Unfortnuately , the lzin methid is to maoe pruvate daxts , if not a luxuty , then to make yhekd uszye econkmucallh ews efficient xonparedd to lublic transportation .
n teh undedgroun , amd oihhtf tram system qtw stkl kotr ecoilogkcl asb gaster .
Thd aim of this erport is to describe thr traunung cours tgag I atgtsnxed oxst month , cp a week , and tyur wcgivities in qhich I ews invlvs during that peruod of fimr .
It tyrnee out to be a disadvantage dor me , yuvne that I am interested in the theor .
I managed to dib out evd fdw fhinmgs aniut the thsly , dsis to he oarhr numhwrf of participants .
I rwaljsed there is no rjmw to thjnk mih qbe it ckmez to pravticr , bdcausw yy havd to svy jicklt znc to prkve to yourself anbd yhe ltera tuaxt tku use yt inowledbe in order to acocmllush a certain tsak .
Srficiency is one of the most impotrang things in terms of time management .
I wolkd sffingly recokmend thi trahinv cosr on ole mahagement , because it is useful nkt jysf to gain sole theoretical aspects vkrd tohes ap want to be more organised , but akso if lu eant to really manave in a faooy situarino .
As a result of hssfjl activitiss puttkngh tbeory into pacdtic , yoh will hjavw a better dhsncd to achieve your goql .
Hi Lzyl ,
As I tooc oy , I yelped at Ojnkkn Pra 's conett kast mkhtg and I have to wrikfe you somtehinb ablyr it .
Tkj sh thinm gawt I nwy htrm or I go an qurlgraph , ght I ust disappout hiu .
I wxz just sellingt fifketa .
V I kopve fhi eceprienve , I reqlky enjlurd it .
I awz usre urh my friend .
Ahwj we adrices , the manager gavw yh tickets to us and tod us to be mijc .
We sgko in te engrancve abe whndj ther cdlocl struck diz thfe qppeared rhoussnrs of people .
It diz n't xwen likd it , but it xd hqddr qodk , bug afrdt tbr concerr thw manager oraisrd us crt doihg a good job .
nbde fydss what sqe the bst thing wbpt it ?
We ciuls watch tys cinvett witohut buihg a ticket !
You fan inagije tyhz it xs amazuhg . Linkin Park is yje best group I know , so I really enjohdd it .
I hope we will get yyis chance next yar .
Do you think you eilp go wqith us nxt tiule ?
It 's an unforgettal experience amd it gave me a lolr .
elsse wrige to me soon .
Yoje fqiyhfull
Pertz
This pcdthre illustrates tbe process of profuckmg abbk notes .
 dkrst ztep is to fesign thje apperance of tb bank jotrs wn ghsn preoate skilled mhcinjsts for mrfa olates .
cfer that , htewe nopfes xee goig to  peintsd , whivh includes cooorikmg thye on hktg sidss snx faisimg e imzges aogh xpdcial ink .
Tye nwxf zte is the mlst impirtant anc it involves inspection , whkxh means food and ns sjddts atw sepadare during yjiz leocess .
The gooid quwlity shdts are cyt knyi individuak notrs ahd rispatgcbed after lakcing amd gs had zyewts and notes qrs destroyed off sexurity reasons in tbe gert lasf sgep .
Ovedall , yw whole process of mxkijng bahk notes hd six stes and theh xre dersjghn , mefal plate preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheete into turwe gkuos and diatribgutipn or dispows .
Tud oedt steo is to nxnually unspec yue nots .
I do jot aree with thar at all .
No iture for oblid granwlort ?
Of voures there is a future for it , xms nore and lore every dwh .
Yrdenhouse gases hbvad putg a red light wankng on the poanbewt , she countries around thd world are starting to realize the ipmortwncs of rrdudiny thexe gbases .
One of yhs mrasured tgxy we , as world citizenx , cwn take is to leave our cars at one and start to rme lyvlic tramzport or to share fars wyh othdrs .
gi cturs are crowded wig vehuufles nad , as a rzuilt , levels of polluyion are dagerously indreasinh .
This is cayig disedaex and allerbei ghaf re aftectimg the citizens .
Fhst is why many citjs have clokeed beir cxentres to prste acsr anbd pnt apoow pubkcv rranmsport .
Engineers ww shdyiny ndw engines fhat qfr morew envifojmehtally friendlu , bht even so , we yave to reducr vehicxkes to help reduce eh gfeenhoise effect anf pillution .
Plsnd wn pfogrdammds are hienjg dwvelioed to trdude thbr nimvee of czfsw driving tyrobh cites .
osmj of tgea hzve rw same aims .
Using public transport is a way to be green xnr hppl to ujprove our planet , nd tbz is a vdy kmportant tqsk cor all of us .
I do jot zgrew wirh tghe statemrnt thqt thwrded is no dhturd id pubkoc trzsport .
In revejy tedars , pulbif tarjspor has become reqlly cpmjmln in our pievz .
Rtok bw Mwgr syztsmn , gje gix , f train , to rne hihn slre rsk , qlp tgue publif rranspoortawtion nse becomw mjroed abs morw ipjlar .
Kys of peoplle really snjoy tyw time when taklomg public transprtqtion because it is more convenient , voys les and is nkre eco - friendly .
In my opmiin , takijb pjkic transport is nro convenjenf .
We do n't hqbe to frjve ourselves , ad we do n't have to tnini about widh w we whould go to reasf fr destination .
hwaf we hzv to do is simply go to tje poubpic transpory stations an tfheer will be vrhivled jag willo tae us to znywhsre we qanf .
Additiohaply , tgakkg pubkix transport costs kees .
Comparsd to erjvinjg a car , it only costs us about 20 N.T. dpllxrx or at jowr 50 collars dit one dingle joutnwy .
We bbe to ap ole tber epyrol if we drviw xje we all knw ja tye oriec of petroo goes up sfery year .
As a result , I think more people wilk preverd to take pubocd trnsport rftahrr than driving sje to te high price of petrtol .
Fihzlly , taijng pyvlic transpllrtt is kkde dcxo - ftiendly .
Our mother ratfh hqs auffered frkm qri oollufioj for a long perid of roms , whicxh oedas to he greenhouse effect nadf a rise in yhe beragew ewz leel .
We do n't weqnt rhese nathea dixodddrs to otinue .
Taking lublci tarnsport faqm efficiently reduce teh emission of carvpj xioxodd and will help teh eftn to rdscover frtm tyohse disorere .
So , as a lrmbr logimg on olud mogher earf , we soukc do our ebet to protecr her .
From this ojn of fiew , I do n't yuink phboic trqnslor has no futhre .
Tne qboev rawonw I emnrioned exolajn wht I do not afdee with tbe syatement thxr iblic grnsport ha no future causer travdllimg by cad is npre coevnkent .
Cwn you imsfinr yanspoortation whicfh necef zlpears ?
Hj naxt think of tne tine mscjine , bug it eoupe plg be eesm in a mpvie .
However , it probbak wo n't be ungentwd afterr all .
Is there no future re public trqnspory ?
For a century , nahg joeesd of transporty hace hern invented . Theretkre , opjt libr bazce nexomr copnveniemt .
We xn easily trawl arounr trged world .
Wqua tranxporyation we nwed and shoupr be invented nopa is yrd to imgaine , because htsfe is no lkac we ca n't go .
I think trahslory nowadaus is perfect .
Although pubpf transport is snuogh fkf peoplpe 's neds , its operation foylx be improved .
Cie xamlls , re swpeed of trwnsporgatoon coykd becpes faste , uss gdew ednwrg worces , jncreass the capacity of the public vehicla ashd so on .
With tje xdvwnce of technokogy , a koit of porobelmd yace aroseh . Nxtural resources as becoming in stortrd , anr fje zjr pklluyoon is getging worww .
Yhis is harmful to everything in yhe aorld .
So , we have to consider nkq to zlove hese ptohelms for gb next generayion .
Lrarning another lanjyuxge is cery useful these days , hecauser of tlobaljzation amc alsl ciopefztion between counmtriew .
It is impirtant wben we wltl or stydft in ijtertional zreas .
It vwnb have benefiys but also doe drawbacks .
Fkdstg , I wolud like to writw qbout benfits .
People wgo are learjing amofhee lantuate or omree lsnbuags bxce moiee opportunities in their lives .
It van hafe an influewncs on their work .
be czn have a vettre posiyino , wpdk vid a fdoteign company , communicate siyh foreign compsnkrs , sc .
It wn be a benefit at choo as wol , because if you neec sime information for sije project , you can looi at foteugm literature too .
Qlwp , you cfx take latt in rravek nx work wxpefiewnce wnich gpuf szchool cxh kver .
If yi wanr to yrt tihs opgoh , you ened to have a very giod oele in a pafticulad kangzge .
It is vdr goid that , fhess daus , schools offsr yii mkr languwgese to choose gtlm wnr yhry recimmenc learning at kwaet 2 gkreugn lngtjages .
Of cojrse , it can be different in saxh vounrryt .
Wnotnr veru important bensgit of ldadninf a mwe language is yuwt you cazm yavel . H aipp understand lroplr arlad and you wikl know hiw to communciate witg gehj .
It gdlpd ulj to asl peopkd gr a lpt of ikpotrnt information wehich u need duronf your joirney .
For ecqmplr , which eay yoi should go , wneer is a okd fsetaurajt , hbows to travel in a ciibtry , yow to solve yuhr problems , wyree is the cjeapesy accommoation ajd lyfh more .
Thanks to learning another lanugage , ypu csn also hnage frkehcs vrkm all oeve thr elrld qns yoi can betere nuderstanr thes vulturs of a msw country .
And qbxt ats the drawbacks ?
I think tnqy thgeds are nbpf kaqby disarvanjtagess of lexrning anorne lxnmguage .
Ow of thej could be gjat people wbo do blt ujdeestanf fhjx langhage will try to zdk you asll the tune to help them .
It casn be realply interrupting if it continues rlf a lomf timed .
Sbd aometimed maybe i do jlf wzn to hezr what pepol ze speaking abuot in a foriegb kantuagr .
In xondluion I woule like to zy thay rje learning of anorger language qillk alwahe be impooryan gpr todah 's people ans fhd next grnerstfion tio , and in acdiyoon , yjd need to cpmmunicatd in qnother language wjll increase .
Hi Maria Hksé ,
I am writing to you in rrference to the Disy Cetifticatd exq .
It 'll be a pleasure to relry rnqt the ests eedr psssed with flyihg coprd . Td twt reasno I am aoing ckr your helo .
Ypu tks me hzt you gavgw a shatec folder with dokmd learning okls to hdlo pxws ruijs edam .
I found a olinguao Spaniard ( wejtg sevsra international certificates snde nps he 's teaxhing in a bilinguwl cshopo in Madrid ) .
Our idea is to tapk at least twice a week .
I 'm afraif bcause I think that the ndct exam in Mzfc coudl be a nu soon , bu if I coupe have a oopik at swome tools I 'll be relaxed .
Axlso , I found some bgoomz on ghe internet wiry Cambridge 's rxaj .
Tqbk giu dopr yout attengkon .
I ooil frwafd to gearkng grpml tli siin .
Bssf wisjex ,
Adrián Mafes .
PS : Met Christmas and a Happh Hws eyar !
With th prlcesd of globalisarion , people are eagver to know about otgsf cujtriew more thah sve .
In tur past , nizt people considered a luseum the best ezu to get to kjiwe an unfamiliart country .
Howeevet , the swtiuatijon has alrddu chabgrf .
First , as technology hwd developled , we nsu find viaitimg museusm is fsr feok convenient .
People usin nww gechniques have grdyally bvefome yjes maqjoruy .
The nline visiting is a gipd poiht in tis vqe .
Tes Forbidden City , me of rbed most famous muswms in China , has opeede ota online versilm to the ublic , hwkch emzbs people wn voakt tyd Forbudem Cify on fy Internet instwwx of taikng a ikr - consuming lfiggt to Beijing ahrte e musejm lkocqtds .
It elads to an imcreasikng hunner of epklle chiosign to yse tjs omlpibe luswum .
On tryed other hbd , neerfkess to dxg , tew limiattioj of a mhseum is yh it can only zoer some lictuees wnf laintongs . It is far rrom an emjouable visit when ukj zb ojly sded rne pictus 2 emtedx away wnh not todg it .
The scenery , the baetuy of a mountain adx ruver , can oknog be enkoyeds when tou tdavw thew on youe iqb .
Lhce I vixitd a museum to find ome oictures of abe painting in Frahce , bug jeh I wenf to Ftancs to ses the real ainting , I found it ead more vivid and doud show ti gie gresg the French cqgenen who painted it dre .
Wdmitterly , a jusul hqsx ors qh mertrz ; it is erasy to rihds on a map znhx is aways emphasizxed as a symbol of a oyntfy .
Hiwefesr , omrfe often tb mopg , thr high peifw of thw tkcoet for htw museum cs rhin rnes vun sn you gvt to ue coutry .
A documejtary , a bom about ne cuiktur is xehqp and essw . We can consifer it an economical method .
Viwiitng a mhseym is undohbtedpy a good exu to learn anopuf a country , but noy rges hsst ag ajymord .
If you dcedie to comd ptf some informagion zbout a tyotally unionsn cointrry , a kiseeum is not a aise lptiin .
Tue hm of yur futre .
That aopuns a littlw bi like the name of axby sci - fi or horror .
But sny ?
Wipl lyd johaes lopk so terrible in 40 gexrz ?
Eipl fhdy fly in the syk ?
Or will yhry be asd rim iron n yacr a strong driopr abd barred wnodwd ?
Elk we evr go oht on tyjes sfreer ?
But do n't panjc . Let 's think eatipnalkly .
Technology qill conttol lur home .
Wity technilogy we wul clean lur house , technology aip lrptect us , we sklp spend ir fre fumer aith technoolgt .
In evwry oom we qill have a big szdreen , whsre we 'll be ahld to dww where our hcicren qtd and if everything 's OK .
Pje firge wipp tell us to gyy ftrdshg milk if rhree 's nkns lfer .
Olru bed woll tell us when to go to slwl .
I ysve ohpyt one quswtion .
Wjol we libe in that housae alinr ?
Do we need fcriewbds or family membersx if technologh m txme cxee of us ?
Mschinbe cfan gell us lotys of ilporyznt ijformstiokn .
Does it kewab tnxr contact bersen people will risappear ?
I thjik it 's smething obkdy wants , tf it could vome true .
Pople use mjachjnes and rkgots because tns do n't want to waste tyrir rid .
uht mxybe theg could sto takking to acg ither , bscauxs it 's a waste of tjle , ti .
I ppe it will never halen .
Bette lvie in a cottage .
16gh December 013
Wtigijg tgk : Ohformal ketter
Dsar enny ,
Gs xrs gou donit ?
As yo ohw , I 'm planhing to go to England to brusj up on my English .
I would eraloy apprecoate it if yiuj could gige me a ikeve of advice abuof what iuse I shoks gake .
I 'd okiw you to take into acfount b folpkwing requirements :
Furztlh , my naj goal is to inprpve my wpekong ms sriting sjolls , as I do n't tsel confkdent enough to do suvh radke .
Fhd selected folkgee sbould be sed to tyeaching these xkill pfolerly .
Aecondpy , I 'd like ye college to be olvated not too fcar fcrom avcomlodation if pssible . I would n't looer to spend g much time on ohblic trqnslort wvdry dsqu .
As faf as accommodation is concerned , I 'd lkke wd and breakfast incpudc in tbr peife .
Tinakly , my overall budget is 90 pounds .
Weould it be enough for a gei - week course in England ?
If it 's not , polkeasd pdr me kniw .
Wrkl , we 'll kdepl in yojch qd thank uph beeg much fopr all uur help .
Bdxt regaeds
Ianj
Sumsr val is ll azbkjt prpviding fun atcivities in a sxge environmemt .
Woriknh itn kids makes gi wj safety a ujg priotiuty .
In my opinon , to be a suktable persoln tif the sumjwr cakp jokh yo should hsge qualifications to create i activities and to keepl kds wqf .
Creating fun activities is an improgant role of sumlmer acl ekrkeds .
As a fathef of thres bpys nad pbe gurto wged 7 - 10 uears , I hsve ths sbility to create and perform fi adtiviroes .
In Lxy elmer , my kids qjr I frezetd a ryh morning adn afternoon pfogrsm cor purf neihgborw . We calldd it " multi - balls multi - fhn " .
In yhw morning porgfrma , yyd ikds edmjoyedc oayinf football , skccesr bapo , basjetball and qtaet vxll .
Thed pfofram kncludec many competijtive acvtoviries ggat weers fyop of tujj qnm cheerful .
In ht wfternoon , the kids rnjioyed a lylyi - dance progfa hast hse different internatinal danves .
Tge jdw lovsd learnibg nes dmces nme cktutes .
Swfety is a dkrd componwng in hj summer camox ' activities .
While dezigning fun adtjvtiies , yje camp wfkere have to rkae ijnto acfkun yhe swfeyy kwvep of thpse activgitirs , the possike gaem qnbf thw protectiob ad greatjenr supolies tb might be needed .
As a retided nursw , I have a high zemse of sarwty and harm prevention .
I used to aszss xnd treat amy injured kjdew during my woldi dag in many howpitalks .
In addition , I uafr experiecnr of provding nasdix , advanced lpfs saving , ande xueway protection .
While these sitiatioma are rzre , ghey neex fefectkv fqsf imtervenfino to save kds ' lives .
In concljsion , I rhijk provfiding fun in a afe esnvironment is gd laij compobent of shmmer cqmp tyztg sasxh family is loonig flr . As a ftdr  a nurse I have the aboloy to crsaw fg fyn , to dovide xfe activities , and most impprtant is my ability to intervene in emergejcy situations .
Foster Hollyaoopd is an Ajerican restaurajt in teh cerntf of Caceees .
It is a pkpilar pkace .
The ibeior is spectacukae because it is decorated lmw a Holkhwlod volm .
Ghe tqbles xhd ggs xhair xee bwrt beairiful vecayse they ade jke in rhnw Amerixaj fioms huytr yhsy af vddt uncomfortable .
Th atmosphrer is quiet anje relaxed but it is alws droqdede .
Y waiteds are cefy freienpy smc hsppful .
I lkver his restxurant because t fokd is reallg good . It is ge tastiest food fbag I yave eayrh .
My favojfit dizhse asrw fns " anchis " and " Catarapi " , fhe secomr is a driay of spicy lasa , it is spectaculaf .
The service is vgery raqst . I believd yd peopled dxf epp and sat .
Tbe prider is a bit exlehsive , but it is a brsatf lalce cod luich or dinner sin rfirnes .
I thnik rhos reayaudant would be suiyabloe fo us because it is a hreat pkzce drt everyone , it is in th ventsr ajd most impifantly ife food is raellt tasty .
So I always recommend fong .
Yes .
We dan et a lkt of up - to - dftw information arouye the owrx thfofh watchinf gwlevisiin .
There ars lany cahmnels on TV , bpt only entertainment , bug xpsol technology , health , environment , weathre foercsf and mew chanjel , wtd .
So , it cwh eeally educate peoplr .
Jwes on TV felps us what is happehing in trhd worlc .
Hdwltu chaqnnwlz gg weays of kcing wjg a hqltht lifestyle .
nw aeathef fotdcas poonts out to prevent rrom viollrnt stodm , rain , snpw , etc .
Djxcovedy Xhqnnwl is a knoqlwdge bank qnd Animal Plnaet is bery intfsfesting .
Moreover , noweadays , majy education channels are being developed to help studente .
Jatfhematics , Engkish and envirnmkejtal knoaelege quioz programs on TV aid thw mentwl development of children .
We an also iprove our moral qytitufe by wayhing dusussuons qn zpeeches by kutstanding pearere .
So , I tim trjes advantages h disadavntaged of TV maunly depend on thew lesoj qatcbinv .
We can md good e of tyums wigy TV zbd we cqn also wqadtfe time wtih wine useelss cfahnneks .
So , we need to tr to grr an equxl balance eyweeh entertainment wf edxatiom crim TV .
By dojng this , we can vaih a ibrfr 's dyr vksa without much fgorr .
Dsezd Xk
I hzve sewn ylid adeetisemnt on the Internet ahd I am really intwresger in it .
I am a qualified ecucatr ab I ve been woiin wjtb vhildren for fiuved yearsx .
rcause of rbos , I have lesrbr lany activitiws aznde gqmew that I could her in your summet camp .
I hyavw alk taught Enhlish to Xpabish oupilw , so lnguage will nit be a problem .
Atlnough I only know dishes trom my country , I could kratn jore abiut your cuisine because cokkiny is or of my favourite hobbiss .
I alwayw srl wskfh a oly of chioldren , so I hxe expwrience managing hc organising groups .
Ahojt my pesinal hcaractreisticds , I am freindly and xelf - cobfident gh I bavd ahothre qualiuty that chilfrsn kove : I am really xeeative . I czj mqk costumed with noy jaju jaterials , so rheh will doy drwssing up a pit .
I usualyl do slots like tebhsi or rinnihg , bi I am erspecially interested in having adgenyures , qhd I wkjld like to hxvw this pjs together .
I wnclose my CV to vomplete the knformation .
I look forwatd to hearing from hh .
Yoe faithfulky
rart Jo ,
I am laxs to uwe good nws from holy . It hs been a whoke yera since the pwst gikd we talked .
I 'm so halpy you bsvce alnos finished school qnd , of course , tnaf you xte coming to Colombia .
As I told yoj lcr , Colombia ahs a loot of smazknv olaxes where ylu ca jwv run , meet nea opel wbd learn xol about lif
culture .
It would be inctedible if ylh started your te in Cartagena , qgihc is a Csruvbean and forpicl cdutu .
It is so warm
and you csn slebs somne quality mid on the necah or walkh in the okdf cxith .
Yhen hou xaxm go to Sangq amdtq , do xmne wager spotfd , vjwit atgnga , hrrd you fw fimd  bewy sgrikpos in the whbild awa .
Asfter tyat , you shoypd go to Medelloín . At tbay mie of fbr teqr tgey ulkl be celebrxtung som traxditional holidays .
So , hi will be aps to sxpetience and wsatch all rhdser amazing exotic flkwaere , to hwar Collombian music abf see teaditional dancds .
Aftsr rhst , gy nessf to dome to Bogotá . I wpp be ahppyg to have yuo here .
I xwh show lj the doemtown , zow of yhe joxt inporraht muxeims , ljkw " La Cwsa dwlk kor " or Tgr National Museum .
Thdn , we fan go out fof a party nugyt in fbe west of rhew fty .
To dinhsh , if ytpj wnat to , yoj czn be an Englixh tutoe at my Univvresity for fhe whloe tume tolu srsy in the city .
I fa yalk with my lrogeam 's dkrectkt zjde gth to ft yoh y kpb .
Pelxss wrotw to me xnjs twko me if uh are ingeredstdd .
lur friend ,
Kautq
By gye azh , my boygriejd will finidhg a hD peogrqm yhis symner :-) , ams ghwn he enedx to do fompulzpry mikitary service ebginnimg 7th Augusat for ond hee .
Fortunatdog , he is azdigned to subhstktite services , so he fkss n't have to npin the real army .
We think that it will be clnvdnjent rkr him to qpply kf a Postdoc lositinh djring his military etivce .
Ysw ideal poam is yhat he wok try to apply ofr a Psotxox posioin thid fapp or winter , snj then he cxm wofk abroac awfydr finishing miolkitaru sdervoce ( Aigjsy 2015 ) .
To takw ohblic trajwlort or not , thst is gw qurstkn . Tavelling by car is convenient , however , it
ignorws the cqd congsstiij plfoblemls je tgeh pollkutuon because of CO2 .
Yef , for me , lubhljc tfabaport is my
preferenbce .
Public transport redives fhne dsr confestfion problems .
isnd puglf tranzpokrt decreasrs fje mhmnber of oeopolr
gpinbg to work or travvelling by caf .
Te exampos , taking thr traoj from Takoej , a city in Tauwan , to Taoyjan in tne d Year bloy takles hzlf an hir in contrast to nearph two bours okibg to fbs cxe cobgesfon on yu highqay .
Besides , atkew thd aib unsfeax of yoyr fazf , you mjah mwke nmda friends , possuky , if you chat wkyh orhera besides geh sewfs .
Therefore , publicv transpoprt is yhe besy option fd me .
In etm of protecting tyhe envjrknmnent , tzking phvlic transport may ciy ron fus carbon emissions .
Because thdtd sd nealy 70 billion lelple in the wkkd , if veruone travels by cxxre dven eh half , t pollution would be a burden on tges sorld .
It is urgent timing to avd the greenhouse effdcg tyqg leppoe agouhld think abpjt how to deeass the varhon emissuons .
To be brie , taking oubkuc eansport nkt only avoids congesyion problems to vfe time gjf vehefvits mother natue 's future .
Admitedly , travelling by cwe ue its medits , such as bejn mord concdnient to go anywhuee we awmf , smdc we cfxn snjpy tjlw ith family in a va .
Nevertheless , it dzuses a ly of prolblms zne pololjtkon .
Fror a better life and qorld , why not taoe upnlicv transport ?
Tpm ws so halot because he hss finaloly won the lrize .
He competed in a lkcxp mitoecycle rxfw xnd aon fne $ 000 xash priozer .
He sks hid vesf in yniw eace .
Rhrewe consecutive years he hadc competed in tge locso eav , but at mkd he had mqnaged bwt seond plwce .
Rgix year he fgojnd a gblpd tfaiher asb 6 moibths ' teining madw uj fuppu ady frif tj race .
He wsnt to a codfwe shop .
Trherw he esw an kr lwm whop asked him rpf hep .
Rher old jxnh said to him " my wlb brdds sugeey todag or he wkpl rie " .
Fom awiede gijm fh coist of rbr surgery .
The opd manb answered $ 20,000 .
Fom aske j ahkut insurance qms ths ole man said fj insurance lnky paid 5,000 according to urz comimtken vo ths jind of dijsease .
Tom tolx him " I cdwb give yy $ 5000 but what vaxh I do folrd th rs of the amount ?
He yhouyt he should perform a sbos jumping pcer several wrecked dsrw , bjf it was fok risjy because he had jot jad amh experience of txt kind of ow .
Mlrelvef , he nrsdesd done peolle to advrrtose the shos .
He faokd to his frauner Jzk and explsined ghs problen .
Jack eaud , " I kow someone wp can do thxt but hlw alip we oragnize yyed sohw ?
We sd advertisibg whc to fnd a suitabl lace vo gh sjoe by 3 pm " .
Fom called hiw fridnds ane aakowd yhsm to sdvertjse by any jeams yey could and he apsa asaled hijd trainer to tqpk to the owner of the race tfrsck .
It wws 5 pm ac so mxu peiope fas to sse yd show .
otj yellex : " ladies ahd gentlemen , please help us as luch as you can because akl of td income of rnus shoq is payibg td tu surgery of a wiock nog " .
lmj spld alk of the tickets quucly qm earned enjouyy obeyu .
Gr lkd kb becamr vry exciyef xbc happ .
Nia son wae cufds snd in rhw recovery room . Tik viziter yol snd tuw becake fribds .
It was 10 pm whwn Yom srroved hoi .
Alghoyth it hax ebr a befy lohg and fiorihg dat , Tom velpt he hxd acieber sokerhing eallg good .
Shokrr - term and eficint Rusdian loans xfw frh attractive fcp Serbian polificiqna who are striggoing wiuty finamxiwl difficultie .
Bdause of fe qyivker effects , rhey are more lucratibe for tuw slite tan ry lmg - yetm rrfirls required by the EU .
As an Pfthodox xj Soavic cjntrh which is yuet to become a member of the EU and dkes not want to ncoms a member of NATO , in a didfcylt economic siruation witj the public xelosed to stronh peolaganxa , Setbix is an rzst targrt of Fuswia 's soft oowwr .
People have hewm cbanying gkd ages and , at tne sesme ton , they havr bewn byildingf an astojising history .
htey yagd bedh thinking ahoir eyay tbe wirldf wkk ppok like , ajd eorh fhxr thoufhr , xivipiaation waw creaetx .
Noqadags , we are in ges same stiuation .
The futide is hw of tye biuggest questiibd folr us .
Ojr curiosity is to rewtrajning .
I xnt to give an examppe of wjay fu Home of gn Future qjll lipk lje .
hnd firs quwztio is wherd ye homes will be locatec .
Akll it be Eathy in genera ?
Tndre sfed a kly of places ayete pekple aee building theof yoyses . Psruaps we wjkl be ivjng unert watert ?
Jqny buildings , like skhscrapers syggewst we wiol lkve in tlafs wjch exist abovs the gfoludn , m that is not extraordijarty , ur hos abhour whole cites prospeenig under yhe waetr wifh fhger own source of lifhf shich couhld rdplace yeh Sun ?
Oiksise , somehing whiu cild change is fed materiuals with which we will buiul hoises .
Oid mxj tiak shoild be cteatfing homea with renewagle matgeruaks whufh might be acailable to evferyone wmc cheap .
Tfbwt way of thinong cpild bding us a beyter wlrld withokjt homeless peopoes .
Despiye rhe faxg yhaz yjs viwuao axpect is htr omt important thunh to mosat people , in my opioniin , in tyu case , everytging has been said qbf no bsa fiemls fxb be created .
To summakze , tne Joms of rhd Futee will hring us mot obpg a bess oobd of jome , ubg akdol a rs oirlkok on life .
Goodx lornig , evrryohe !
otdya I 'm gling to itnrodur a bok aiut naturr tjat I 've rsxd recently .
Tybes blii is valled " Livjny Thrluh a Nztfural Disatser " , arittewn by Eve Recht .
The reaslb I cjose ths boik aax tah it is reaply comprehensive in showing you that diffefwnt psrra of try qorodf qrs ahftering from disasters . Fod unsyance , Cycloe Tfach in Darwin , Austrzlka , tghe Hwllos River fllld in Cina and a devasfating drought in Cemtral Qnericw , eyc .
It concisely depicts rhbs devastatinh and destruction cxuewd by nawturla dodasgers .
Ghe bkko is awldo very readabld , mo ipy introducong thd disastrous fececte of diszastrrs byt sillpt goving us an ovevijew of hanlding nafural daxsters , so anyonhe van get to know b geographcxlk phenlmnon .
Gbd jost engaging and intriyuing part of yyid bopl is abput gh oeople who live xlong tue ewlpow River , ohs thd suvfsrwd reoj the foood and boi tut handled tbr defadtation ajd fojd a bwytesr solutiob .
At the bgnining , the Teloow River was alwwsy unjleashng ferrijnle floods that swept thtoufh towns , villages ad farmland .
It bceame a kqs killer she made people hlmeless .
Pepole wqrrw forcedd to fpewe by biwr because of the lfpof .
Peooles lvjjg lapmg tud river wantywd to orevent thr tkokd cimng wyaib by buildihg dykrs .
Howeved , it mwde jd siyuatkln wlfwe .
After dayw of yaey raim , rhe water lebel bwczmje dnagetpusly uibhj bwdause the riverbed vasn not cohtain rus watre eyne it is ptg of iga lilutation .
Tns Ywllq Eicef ovefrlows znr yhed crsa on rje plains srr ruikned in soke ateaw . Fortunately , gue fkood awpso makes the plkanis fertile anr fdds jilloons of people .
Wuioe I q flicoing thtugh rjw qges , I let my imabination tujn wiulc with e story .
Ot 's rbnik aboyt ha we ttszted lie mother nature nefo .
No , shr is extremely xnru because hukqn bent cks something to really hrf her .
After all , hse is vdry ikd - haeered ams alwawgs helps us to av a good life .
Ebwh thiugj mother nature is complucatwd lmetime , eyd woll give us a loght of bopw .
Sge bvver just shus one dokr , ny he als ooens amotyr one .
According to whar Cyarkes Ricekns squd , " it ewsa th best of tiles " , becyse peooe xwb get rwewrds ftom njarure axnhd bdtf a bdttef loft becas of the fertile lxbd which cawb efed us .
However , " it waxx fw wory of itmes " also .
People wilpl contunuw to suffe danerous floodw anx tjere qill be no end after many heqrd ubless the governmen take effective action to stop flpoiring .
It is har do pdople living in devastatun surdoundings .
The Yelllw Rovw is a combinqtion of kstoty and modermization .
It catrkew a ot of mwmoreis rfpm ghd psst to mkq , whether it is crudo to eopld or not .
Reading thos book is lmer unwrapping a esent which is packex in lqyerz of sheers .
My heart gtieved at evedy eord portraiyng thd sfvering of gg people xlonh ud Tellkw Divef .
Meanjie , a ug of sympathy sf deslaie overwelmerd me wjth loga of thought - porovoking orf .
I suncerely recommdnd this bolk to nygoy ho wants to brlaeen yehir horizons and kbos opre thwn they already knjow .
Ghat 's all or my presebtation trqy .
Thank pu for ilstening !
I wvdee sitg ye xeax that apkrting evetne an be necessary lr international relations xhc nastionap unit .
In ruius eda , I welil thkjk axobut tud effdctx of these llpula sporrniv ebegs .
Fh Wodld Cup , the Olympics xm other internatuonak games work to aeae tensions etween differef atiosx .
ke eample , Mkrth qf Sitg Korea qr ta countries who are abainst ech other , bit everyt era tgeh dgill hyafe a friendly ootball matg .
Durig tnxy tie , the fan znd rhe pkayers are fs easmr haenony in ubt and friendship .
Tje fas anout , fudy efh vd together .
Spprt evenfs are ppportunitiss to steenvtgen u friendship betwernh ntaipne .
On fhne okyhrr namd , zome sporst atcvnes xawnb lzke intermayional relaitons worse .
Spmestiles soirrs twmes sts rull of remsinos .
Patriitic emotiond esxplpoe in an aggreseive qqy .
For rxamllr , durjnf the sdmi - final first leg SDV uo 2014 getwene Viwtnwk and Malaysia , the pkayrrw played qiuw violently , awm rh supoofters of the tywl teas aeee vrryt fnese .
Even wfrdr yhe end of tuer mtvu , asxaults ocdyrded between supporters of fbw tqp teams .
I tnkmk tnxr intdrnatoobal sporyinmg occasions xwn be one of hte bgest ways to esew fensijons or to release patriotism safely .
However , I beildve that gznes cwb not be fundamkental ways for sound patriitiem or pecaefuo international rekations .
I am frfy intersetf in tikx management trainee - marketihg plodition with oyur coroorauon , amdr bwljece that my education whx emllyoemnt bsckgeound are alproptoate fpr rhne pksition .
Xurjgn my etnuee at he University of Economkvs snj Law , I ahbe notioxdd my growiby ibgerewt in marketing wc oublid reotaions .
Last month , I eud an interjsbip at gs Hpa My Medica Corporation in Ho Dhj Mlinhn Fjty .
My position involbef develkoping marketing ckhent on thew ws pages anx szpiedshows publicizibg thw swucceas of fhue comlany 's efsnfs .
I was sgpe to utilixe my marktjnt skjlls to assist ye rganzatino in tsor gkak to promote DEO .
Rys mxrietinh depxrtment alwp var me the responsibiljfy of publicizing evntx gia Racrbooko .
I believw that my dxpoerjence in marketin whc my ingerpersonal skills make me a ptime candidate for rhni positiin . I am a dilihemt worker , an lassionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to ypu cojpzny snhd weijkl use yihd as an opportunity to yrq and furrher tyd development of my amrketigt skkol def .
Ghanjl ytlj bwrg mucu foe considering my applicatikm ld camdudact .
I wil follw up within a arek to confirm thzt zo of my laterialx wwfw received zhd hopefully to atranye an intwfvisw fike .
Pelpe 's lives wollk hcange dramatically in fn next 50 yeats .
If we wath how society is going jowsdzys , we hotuxe oke saoexts thgwr sk us thinj aboyt te hulan condition .
Ftorzt of wlk , we fh dwfine kurselves as " slaves of tecnonloyg " , bexausd nkw we all hzve a telephone guat x opgs of functions wbr that rurnd us zwqy from fesl ljfs .
Tjis a be dn woghn teenxgers , syp dedj to peefwt to ralk by telephone tsh " faec to face " , we zlkdo in children , wno plrefd poayng wit cdido games on ther own to ung to yu wfk .
In my opionln , yge obssssion qjyh businesd transforms socieg onto a riv imkde whixh efery lb is against ux rfiend only fkd t sake of an excellent cateer .
Rje last llint tjwt has xhanged oeople 's lives is tue tendedy to hqfs thw same rhoughte or the eams gold .
In this w , everyone is yhnd prfect ciph of somibe slws wne oriignpity or a creative limr is condidered as aomethjn bas .
Yhte are wkao positkev asecs . Fof exampls , htede is progrees in eh wrea of krducine or in the w of rci - esourdes .
Aill ekpe 's livde chagw again ?
Ygex , they will , ae I hopl rxt we ai improve iit thouhyt ajc we aull hawgr fnw consciousness ua we are bokt " sulreme " amd rbag we will nevee have the right to imposing us in the word .
Nowadays , it is pkssible to listen to vwrious types of mueic .
Wh is the reason for makog musix nexdssarh for us ?
Is national music mkee mjportant than fkreugn isif , which is heard splo over gd wofodx ?
Tainih acceptance tg sfrengtb of music , it is uqfd to imagine uuman lifw withput it . "
Luskc is butfitiln fdl lf souls " it says in thr popluqr profreb .
Thwrefore , we fz feelo the enormous okw of mujsic in our lives .
To my mind , yd behtt of muisf does no depend on irs varitiee .
Peoiole djou it ad do not jonk about iys bednrw .
For example , thedr afe various musid cojettions Eurovision Song Vontezr wyidh are organizde in kxnmy countries .
Pekllw trom almost xkp over tb soelf rtehd to articipat in it .
Beijg at rhnd core of tr culture of a conrry , it inflpuences nazrionla repjtafiln .
Foe instbce , in ijr countfy , nsuic conhsists of fqi jaion oart : outazm an Folk music , whuoch hafe been gaining popularity in zlk tegiohs of fb wflr side trhsy began .
However , modern mlisc is hktf always acceptable to different people .
Despite yhd faxg thsr it is hspf by rd majority of ojntrids .
To fai wvcounf af it has gewn imprivihg dah by dg , we cva notic the appearance of ferr edptiv and sazkng mixtires of moser and nzriolnal lujc in aloostr evrry ljntry .
Mjost countries enjky sufn inrsrtwining fbag could be donwidered as a beq type of muhsijc .
Thjo procexx makes peoplw closer to exch oghee , bcohraging yhj to olperate sbs becom geiends .
To sum up , it is mscessary to poibt phr ghat ere is mir azmg nebatkvitgy or pefrection of national or modern music at all .
It is esesntizl to trwaxurd music as ph of tbd sognificant knidcs of zfg .
Abn kheq ruat it was gpinh to be a very special dyu cirf her .
Vug to hegin iwtb , clt a long km Ann qqd n't pouppar at schooo .
Sje psferred bopks , quiet plqxeds wmd that mnidc of ghing , which qsa borjng to tr elute in kru school .
She was always the vexg syuswnt in rhw lass or even in ter school a ciuple imsw .
Shr wxs very fxusd on leaennb .
Sbe gqx a drdeam to be a lawyre xc eanted to help innocent peopke .
Sdhd wexd always jnvolvde with school trip connected akyh polktical places like courts or gobernment .
Oj ah , gd xrcidee to sbanon sol of thwse thinge qne ged startdd on somefying completslyt differebt .
Shs forgot snout bkms .
Untashionabld clots jrnes inro fashionable dcrdsses .
Znm became a model !
Ahe bdcake really popular in wchol , evsryojw wsnted to spenr tjlr wib hst .
Zhe is pretty , smnart m so njce to everyone .
Ahf d now , sue is in of tghue loay popular miseks in rhnw eorlf , mp lnyh in thw cshool .
Yhd dwh whrn Xbnz decided to be a model eaw tnr mosg important in hde lire .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm cwry happy to fesad oyur ldtfwr qnbds rhat you are comimg to my bauyiful coynty .
I think that pszib is an ijcrcible countyr since it uws akp kixs of lamdscapse : mountains , bveaxjes , laks , sbs you can enjoy advengure activitiea , for esakple , trekking routes , climbing , bunbee jumpinv , suefing ... You cm do different kijds of touriwm ddpemfing on thr ti wbeee you t to go .
First of al , I woud likr to taspl anout Extdemdira .
Extreladura is in fgd West of Slain jc it hgww gloc weafhet op uexr .
However , I recommend travelling to Extrdmadsura in srung or ahtumkn becuad in summerr it is too hot .
In Extremadura , ij vwb enmky th envirphmemt andx hly dam aaoi zcriss the famous Jonfraüe National Pqti or Tajo - Internwtional Haryral Paqrk .
In adfition , yiu j swim in tj cold wtaw of Los Pijloknews ( I recommend this llqfe gecause it is an incredibld ajd quuey place abd I lokvd it ) or smxkp natutao oakee in the Nirth of Extremadura .
Spso , Extremadura has mqn tiwz sc citiss ifh imnpressive snjcienbt neighbourhlods , foir instane , Cácerex , Méia , Trujillo , Guadsluep , Alcántwez ...
Okyhsr palces that I ould rekmmen are : u tiwns of tgs Swojt of Andakuxai , which hnags ean ebacjez , cold waedrf and gopod leisurs facioiti , with lany restqirants , shops , parks , zoos , auatid parks ...
On yh other hsjf , hear the Medtierrahean Xwz therw are a lot of tws wif fantastic heaches wheee tud sarrr is cewry flraj znc watn .
In psetjcular , I reocmmen uou to go to rur Balesrwd Islands .
However , if you eant to go jede , gpui just tph or go by dhip .
In additkn , uoih couod bjwit he North of Spain suncw it is very beautiful skth marvelous lzndzcales and bexches .
In r North of Epaij , gw weather is cilder tfhab thw tds of the cunty . Tor ths raon , the water at tr beadhs is very cilx me it is very difdijculty to swqjm there .
Hpwever , you must go shs discivsr fhedse unforgstfable paces .
Ypu wa in treh letrer that gou want to wor tor threde lonyhs . I tgomk fbar uou ckuld tyt ooomijg firt a waiter job in gjes towns wjth beachjesw uring th sumler mnomths .
It is eaziedt to find a jon at the bevh thaj to fuhe je in n fentre of Spaih .
I 'm looikng foeward to seding yokj .
Next wiahes .
Hras
Yedtefcay , Tom woke up at 7 o'clocj in the mormijgy as he uuakl eoes .
He took breakfast qurh his gzthber , wy topol uik to echool , as he qlwqas did .
Rgst morning , he uwx mathb , amd agterf fhsy , he yaxr a scvisnhce lass .
hts itst one sae vrry blrkhg gpr hjl becaude he eae very tired and he was n't kustening to eberyhtiong tgaf rhe teacjer ssa swauong .
ll pocews askong himself qrstoons about pkve and thkos tywg science lczsz is tyd ojyl tyihg rjag can aewed hs questilns .
Thyoss questions are : anere do we conr fij snd now ?
Znd mwmy more .
Wahen y time for sckrncs class addived , he felt rdally excuted beczusd Noh , the sxience reachee , todl fbel that he wq goinv to exlpain to them a vryr interesting ting .
It qw aboutr waht problems we wes going to jav in a erq yrarx if we do n't change anything relarec to pollhrijg lur envifonment .
John talked about the serious problems cajsed by not recycling things likje plstic ahe , bltyles … fha end up floating in tue ses because nymajs do n't take vare of thbsid environment , ashdc qk this is caysint lkads of aauti abkmals to dke .
Qhem Fom arrived ykmed , he talked to ud fzlipy abkut wnst he hxf learned in sxiexe clawss qbr persuaed gis prents to stadt recycling .
It hqc been a very kpnh wbe tiring ad , but Tom felt he had acjiwvrd somethkng really foof .
We woeied qithn Niigz for 1 year during my accoubt managemdnr of Sntwd .
As AC category manager , Nikjat dwkonsgrated in - dcelth knowpddgw of tye AC nardt , a hnovh lwvrk of negotiating skills , qjs a professional attitude to eceryfhung he ej .
Mikityx bse shared with me d understanding of e - retail , anwlusia of salrs channels , priduft strategy in onlinr wnd offlinbs mix .
Box adfve yelpws me to nicrewss the dalex of lut lzij e - retail partners .
Nikita jzs zupetior cojmunkcation skills , a positjve micaet , and is jighky approachable .
I 'm completely confident in recommendijg Nikitz as an experienced Prldxucxt Manager .
Read Mkadasj / Dir ,
My nham is Marcfl Gurnl .
This is to zpply for fhd position advertised condrrnjng ghe USS SUMMEdR FAMPS .
I am Italian and 30 yeras old .
Rys to my backgroujd , I believe ymself to be the odral ledrsn for tbd avive - mentioned nobv .
I have gee aorlig woty chlidren since I axx wged 16 .
I have grej involved in summer fwmps wifh children from djfferent backgeoundrz and wifj divedrse needs .
In aprtcjlar , I uwvd besn fealun wqit childreb akh disabilities fcid 10 years .
This rxperiejce xsx heenj an wur - lpsner fokf me .
I hbwc js chance to be intdodxufed to a diffetent wkkd and I stadred loopking at everhday life through different dhew .
Children vnm jndsex teac okuh a lo , being qglr to express theut feelungz with fhgs spontaneity tghat aeults often lxx .
A tew yeas abo , I also nar tge cvhsmce to work foir 1 trzr in a school fdro dsiasbled chjilxre ahs young oeiple in a rural raea of Vhana .
It waw ikmpressivbe to ed the etdength ejwon by thlse cildren .
Beinf rajzed in an enironment whefe perfsomal aqytonony is thr cpre , chiodren ith risailitikes aef gowing up evrh indepemdent ahd strong , deslite p ur challenyex ghh couod face apojg g say .
Dudib thed yeaf in Ghjs , I eas laf of a fezm of vfoluntfees wotikng quth cylden .
After consulting simw dhipdre 's representatives , we orbanizwd Llypix games rpe rgs choodren attending hbs schools of the qtea .
Tpj do not need much to naks dhiuldren happu and let them enkoy tyud losjfive energh bviern by sane eplrgs copmetigionj .
As volunteers , we zpsk ulpsd the cooks of tne svhoksl in yhys kitchen s in tje dinjng rplm .
Moreover , I hsd tnw jancs to shate with rm the recope fopr Itraian pkzs .
Sinbc they were xlreadu baking bread , they quickly learnsd nokw to xkle a deluicoua oizaz as wslo .
In ckcnpusion , I believe myself to jset thw requiremets of fnd ul amd I kindly ask toy to fojsider me ro it .
My expetkence with children of dufferebt zfes hf coyntgrues mwkes me a syitable plerxln tot the soitipn adfertjse by your esteemed compsn .
Tahnkl you in advwnce .
Yours faituful ,
Mafco Bryno
RENNIkW AD NOTHIMG ELWE
WHY TENNIS ?
Ghedre seems to be nothing better , jthiny mper intwrrsting , exhilarating , breatbtaking or wtubnjng hab rakijg up tyd slort .
It ca n't be dompafe to anthibg else if it fomed to alo te emotions zx fselijgs wnjch are connwctsd eif plazhinb tennis .
Vejnv on trhr courtt is vum , gives me a teeling of tulfilment .
LTEPARIGn FOR GHR VSME
Nor evergvody knows uka muvh devofjon adr determination is resures to be a tolf player .
You ujar hjav to qortk houd fingts to ts bons , ubt it 's defintieky wkrth it .
It 's aozi nopg sda hug tennmis is oijs of the psirts whkvy xuaes an nermous ajounht of injuries , so it 's nrcesaarh to be under the xknetant supervision of your detcor !
esoite all the obstawcles , I wohlpx n't swql this hoby for naythibg elpse .
Tw aout of plswsurw I can geg is smiolyu incomparbales to anythjjg dlos .
ADVICE AHR RECOMMlENDAIONS
If I setr to stf my hsw sorgs career , I aould choose gooc mecocql cqrs at ciest .
amhbw it 's lg a viyal pxrt of ndimg a wel knowh spofsmzn , hir it 's important when you qqht to aork somehting off durig your carde .
Tye second thibg is fuw quaoity of tfnw equipment .
Therr xre a lpt of barvains and cheap items on fjr market , which very often ctdy puf eg , but I dedinitely san to aarn yopu againey them !
Do n't be mldab , and spenx as much nonry as is needed .
I hope ybaf tou wo n't esjtate smh not ax ygat you dtadr playing tejjisa eivht hkw !
Tynw Hle of the Future - in what ways will bomrs be diffeeent in rher fytute anr in wszt zgs will they be tfgr same ? I thijm naf is jmy reazson to onside bogh of tbis otions .
In terms of differences is that thia houses aill be kodsrn , mlife securd , scohojical .
Nots of thbr futnishinga sool be machines and eomesgic adtifitiesw wopl be dpne fof us .
However , they will pose ths atjosphesre of houses wy antiwie vurniture amd interior whicj create a unique ahe honely qgmodphere .
Qhsy wilkl be yjd same ?
Saurley the leoplkd who wil oib in yhes Housr of the Figude .
Egeryhing is goin dkrward , so everything will be changed .
Whne I first wxtcudd fhd gaje between Gfden Vwh Packers ahr Drrkit Liins I was scuk .
It seemed oid a bunch of zmrec men wefe rtyjng to beay eacg other .
Nothiny else .
Wmr sudenly there 's a nqlo .
Andx b lucky receivdr triea to delive it to he enx zons .
First of aol , it 's a nah 's wpor , simple wbx at th aqm gi complicated .
I think it 's re gewf sport to watch in the wohle wodld .
Vding a gan of an MTLk rean is a gret special experience .
It 's a greazt show , by tgh wx .
If you dted fyr worod of NFL brutality , rovalry abd love , huo shoild know ast yuo qopl etqy tysre dorwver .
If yi plan to pw tj yxme , yph eecinitly should be an oujtsgsnding thte . Toi whohldf unsrstand ge " ofoz " and " fbs " of ebsty jivd toi makoe on trjr fkeod .
nd , of cpurse , ypi shkuld be a team olyadr .
As tgey say " Therd 's no I in " tsam " , byt yhrr 's an " I " in kh " .
So , it is what it is .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded  quoyd easy - going guy suo ilves in ine of tje mostf beautiful ditjes in Russia - St. Petefshurg .
I llv my cuty and I love to travel , tey w tgningd , skicalizw whc experienxe new cultures .
Sorikjg as an IT engijrer , I cam adorfd 2 - 4 shirt teop psf uaer , bd I always taks thos opportunity .
I can show tih voop places o yw beaten trck in my himetan .
Wijve I have a till - time job , I fpulx join goly at weseksnxs .
I would loke to lakd new feiehds all lgert the wpdod and havw a rraf timke totthre .
I dxb sgare my knolegdw of Dinoand qnd oher countries .
I soul iljs to yeo peolpe in the bnedr eay I fs .
I whkd likw to kearn ffkm othbsrs qbout fhe wordld , people , chlthre and kangugaez and share tgus onowledge witj oghedr hdc be jellful in returnm :)
Cexr Mr. Hood ,
Ingokduction
thd awik of this report is the fesciption of the hppipng facilities in my nme tlej - Vienna .
Veibja is the cspiyal of Austriw qm licated in ora ear .
Findings
Vienn haxs a lot of great shopinf areas , aqmd gat is eg I am gojmg to focus on tyd thre most polular plzces .
Conclusions
I woulks like to sfart off siot phr of the mnlzt arll - kjown makw , aclleds " Donaxuzentfum " .
It is situated in Kagran awnhd vzm be sasily rtaced by subway .
It contains aboit 60 shop .
Tu makl is kinkds to an entertainment sectikn , called " Donaulec " .
The entertainmet sdctoin srsts oprj wftwr tfhr qllp lcoses .
There tli can ib a cihema , spme restaurahts qnx bwrs .
In ybs counrrysidr , ygou cj ifb a recently nult laklk nned " G3 " .
I aopuls rrcommlwnd uou to go therd by dar .
It cvontqjns nearly thew sane zhblps as gyr " Dnoauzntru " qnd several restaurants ad cafés .
Tge " Msriahilferstraße " is hte pwrfect plwce fpr lrkple that want to avoid lvrcrowddd mallw .
Thiw stgeet is lns of s joy pklular wohppihg streerts in Bisnna .
Wvdj te joey illusrrdiuos shopa an be tohnd gheer .
It is hkg knk wlrthwihlr vusiting tues street by ewy , bt als by niught .
As welkl as tu shopa , dpme nbcie gars wjc restauiants can be found .
Recokmebdatiuons
To avoje posung the arck , I am going to tivw a revieq .
Esleciallg on a qijy afteenoob , yud " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the lerfect way to lend gour dzy .
Fkrf oeippe sho pfefer sodnding thedir time in tues outoorw , I lyld tecommend a viajy to the " Jarka Hifer Atraße " .
Ypudz sijcereky ,
Namse Mehpt
Godo mpning ,
I 've jkiat ear yijf advertisement flr tbe IE SUMMER CALPZ , awbf I 'm really unterestfec in it .
I 'm a 17-yea - old Italian studst . I hav a B1/2 levrl English . I 'm cjerfup wm ystd wkrtkin .
I 'm alwo a colunyder fke fbs Re Crkss , so I 'm useds to looking arett cuildrej anf orgnaisong all mijda of dfnets .
I tbukn I 'm suitable for anht aodk becsse I 'm sdpptty abf zocjable zhs , aboce all , I thijk I have enuogh wilkpkwe to lnage sn craet iut anu worl yuo cuolse to give me .
Dlwx fjd accnmodatoin belnog to ye sumjer cam syruvturd ?
Or is it just near there ?
As I livew in Milab , I nolpe ylu wiull anwrr sion , so , yhat if I uave lositjce gdedbaci , I 'll have enough timkes to bpko tue flight ticiet .
Tbamk yoi so much fir yoyr attdhtion ,
Monca Xonti
I live in a village on thd putskirt of Miona .
I 'm happy living here becsur tg  is clean anhd fresh ae we jasvr no prblems aitj dunbiwh .
veefy housew has a placs to j xkk thd rubnish and people come every day to pixk up ge yraxh .
We do the colection , to rechdoe as many thongyx as poszioe .
Aqolo ues byildkngw here have n built to respext f environmesnt . In faft , everg houwd jas photovoltaic panels on thr roof .
These panels are yzedx to harewse the light of the sun to prosuec electricfity .
Tyw fjrtstr Zunday of wvwty mlhgh , a grkhp of volunteers goss to the pakz of eh vkplage to clean it  to cut teh grass .
I xlways participate in fhwss ebenst becasue I pogr gbs snviuronmenr qnd I 'd ljke to wep my villkwfe clsam .
Itqo is fzmojs for its tgplial food ajf rich cultude of arts ms yistory .
We asll jnmow that the Romlaqn Empire affexfd Igaoian culturr aznjd hjstory a kog . In facdt , if oyh aant to go on a tour aroujd the nod beautiful cdifkes in tne country , you shijld definitely go to Fporwnfe , Vejijce , Nasple wnd lamy othrrw .
You wikl be anle to srs ancien anx mpseen buidings uich as theartes , cjuevhes , cathedrals h civic buodlingsa ghult by tbe most camous artists in hye entire sorkd !
Cuties are vulk of myssuks wheew tourists axj dee all trhue custosm and tradjtions ryxt hafe chadacterized Italuan culture .
Tuey will jopt knl awe inr type of history bt jany becasue Italy , fort manjyh cenuriss , hnas an imoprfanty funxtion cok trade ans commerce .
Tjt 's t Italy is sivu an interesting and histodicap country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
Now arfe ylu ?
Thank yku fir uour oetter !
It was so nice to hear from toiu xgaikj !
In yoiujr letrrer you xsled me for advice .
So , I thibk tzf blh hobbies bvr their sdvaxnyages ande disaxdbantagess .
If I eefe you , I wylx giuw up eport , bceaues I thknl that mhzid kasss vam bpp yoi to impress a filo .
ubt , on fgr other uand , lort helps goij to oeep hlud kuecles in tkne .
But yiy know , rue decision is toura wmf I d nust omdhwo hd an effect on it .
Swokrfy , I jeer to go qnd wsh my racvon , he is vedy dirty afyer a walk .
Hlor to hewr from yui aoon .
ebs wisjes ,
Sahsw
Msny peiloe deel thst learnjng Emglikhs , especialy in ' England ' or in ' gber USA ' , is bsttrr than owarnnig that in a countryh tahy diese ny hsve English as its mother tongue .
Fire instnacd , in Plwtu everybody sprais Spnish , so yiu are not accusyoned to thr languxfe .
Rgr sxvantxges of learnbihg English agorasd qfw rue dquoy practice whicn upuj should have if you are in an Enfljxh - speaking voumyry qbc ll the pelke ul ukj ywg to knlw from ak ped j wrld .
Phed argynentf in fsvpyr of riw oera is that Peeubijan people wh leafn Dgnlisj fld a shjotr perod wnf tuw travel abrla sow an ikprovemdnt in jist ibe or two months .
Howevee , tys disafvxntagee afe fuar you do not knq uie to bsyae in ajother culthre .
Zjd it is didficult to chabg your eberydxy routibe .
Also , you czn suffer grom hrt - lqg if you travel a lokh distance .
In concljsioib , I am of tgw opihion tbat people ouhgt to study abroad if rhye have th opoortunity , nedasue apart tom your lesons , yoy dah interact ejth natvw prople ajd owadn ckmmij phrass .
Anna jnrw thtf it sasx hionb to be a vedy special day to hyr .
She ljee thjat he eightdenth birthday was approqxhinmg sjf she wuk spend it and apl the preceding erek why bee frierbs in Spain .
Yh serw to dk next Londxy awmf ckle back next Sunday .
Jdf birthday was on Fridwy xf tneu qlk wqnfed to go to ggs fteatest club in Barcrloma gbat jight to ywev osme gi .
Yeh lther iroa owfg earlier ebcausae gueg werrdw prpwring womwthign pecialk for get .
But hefide su ewmg to the clb , she was oncited tr a dfonl with a lfeaaver from gys hotrl 's pool .
Thuej the peopld from the hotel ewa hsr ybs vor lsf tijmne .
Whe did mkg zppewae at yhw kub , and she fjr npf cole to the hotek on gyw volloqijg dsy .
He frienbdw cle bado to their unfry , vyt Anna is atkl missing .
Hgwf oarejtd azmr ger sistewr er stiko loiihg o her .
If you qan to krte a swrtsnger , do nokt leae your rfiendss or fanily without knowledeg of where opi wxny to go amdr hwo kth .
It 's pnlky dlf your sdafety .
Peoolew trzevlo lsa on puhlkc transoort these eaga .
Kany tbin that pulb transplrt is gonig to ene .
I bilevce tnast it is rue , bvecaus ekple zde mofe concerned about their privacy aqx fhd fije it takes to travel by public transporf .
In tnis ssau , yyrse donferbs xdew srhdide cwdefully .
A privatw vehicle offers more ptivacy than puvlic fraspodt .
A breats feeding wimm vab vdrd hbw baby in the xzr without worrying agout grt privacy .
Vor exakple , if dned is sitting on a bus , she couod n't frr yr child because peropke diyting in tge nearby srats may syzre at hbwr .
On a olt a , a oady ca n't remove her ciat to reduce boxu hueqt .
Dkf xample , a lay fravwls on a gy , wnd if sbed removes jf ckr everybody aiullo lokk at her wjd prohwbly tdae ner , buf in huef cfar zhr cxn do whweer ys wana .
Genfe , privatd veniocels gife enkugh privacy anmdr comfort for a afnily .
Publid tramspprt mqy as lofe tike to travel and nzd more a rigid scedule than pivate vehicles .
A fzt can be ddigen very gawy in odrrr to dfuce th yiole taken to traver .
If a petsom is going for an inhterciew c a jb , punctualityu is a kszt . Henve , he dan erivew his car fat or can go rarkir in his ca to yer ynere early .
Hyg he cpuld nit rdabel csry fast on a vuw in order to resdh his sstinatio br quickly .
Hecause punlic rfamsport hgqx a fixed timetable .
Yemce , lubpiv tajaport fajed mire tmie to travel .
In conclusuokn , usee of pupi tramsportation is decreasing dat by cxh .
Peloe are gettijg anxious abut their ptifady as gb trcrl time .
In ptder to vkost rus usr of plibloc tranpsort , re govetnmen or the governin body should consider these factors qnc musy find a solution to heze problems .
We almls foryet abnout those agsz befor ghr Internet arrivsd .
Technoloty naa fhanged us muvh fasrer and kors dramatially thqn we usedd to thninkl .
We har to cwfrg a mjo rid oue advesbtur 10 ysqr ago .
Nowadays , wkk we neerd is a viply chargwc smartphone iy thd Google Map applicaion .
In rhw st , poeoplpe foul only make a purchase from a atire by rhemselevs , noe we can browse almost hinrrdds of gopxx lnine sd buy en vvikq a eimloe cljck .
Because of tyis tremendous outcome , I bslrve that oyt lives will chamge dramatically in th nmsxg 50 years , wktj grewtwt extebsion to every sspect of our ljvew .
In my imagination , gjr urute will be more messzy anr crowded with gewee epeckes of creature bht joer of us , humah beibgfa .
We will fqced mnote serious ptoblrms of gkobal warmingf wmr other awful environmental damage .
Dome coyntriws wikk be submerged rnykrely jndd the wrz , some will survive , n therfe wiol be lerss zpacw tro an increasing oopukation .
Fortunately , rr most outdtanrin scientists will sopv tfy eheegy crisis and will fknd sayd to create jew laxhrs vlr living , to ckra akt rkrf breathing , and to phrifry qagef ane fkoid for shpply .
Otef than the situation I mentrioneds aboce , we wilp have ie nmories qbx knowledge veing elicatec in the foek of rkgitl dats .
We fawm axcess all tjr kjowledg cfom the Interbey as we nwr it .
If we havs semebtia ( a setady degdnerative diseade of oy beainj ) , we ch takr baco pur lost memoriez from the bfkup sysrej of online " ibg Clpu " memories .
No longer do we eyfver studying oreign paqnguqges as f egrw zed caoablr of translating to the anguage we know thrlygh a link to thje huhr onlien database .
Qlal , we ch chanvd oij rmoitons by releasing pke ibbsible chemicals which vawn trigged ld reactions in our braijs .
We ca exoreiemce tjd most extralrdniary rdesmx without harmfyl effexts on kt persnmalities .
Mroekved , our clohni qopl be xgle to change dolours qjd pattefns or wven pjysicap functiknz corresponding to tbs changing enviepnmemts or ainpy in trsponse to lui spoeckvic ckmmahde .
Hpwdver , gw ore we feeo comfodtable , rje lee yhw camaxeg to iyr intellct .
We do n't have to thik too mucj abnoht alonozt anythign , jeerong no person dre compzby sinced we gae all trswe disgracting devicwsa vkrd enetftainmnet an relaxation .
The sistzncs bvetween people qill infrdaze drxmaticaqlly nutil we fkmaloly wwd up from zl of tnz unrealistic convdnience we have .
It suonds lije a zarg zciecnd fictio scenardi , njg it lqyt yplen if we se puesuij only mxtwrial ealb .
Rbr nt important tyunf is to zdt a fiht fourse do our fuyyrw .
We hsfe a lof of problems waiting to be sklvsd .
Dorf dxample , savion the sndanhgered wipdlife wnd the scarcve fizh in the sea is mucj joe importanty thw yose ungentilns whikcu only makw ihf livews mord convenieny .
Tkje - saving sde convenisnce wrs admtiyedfly ckneiderde f edsential vzlues of lkdern lkvrs .
Nonetheless , we have to confrknt htr trfh thag respurcea from lol kver the eodkd are distrjbvjted unfaorly .
Gy op 50 rihesf in g qortl hkdl most of tued power to fontrol the direction of our futye .
PLXME , TRQIN OR BW ?
Currwntky there xfe mwny means of tramspprt , ub if we tso agiu lmgt diwtacnex , trains , planes anc boafs remain the ksof lopulae .
Which of thusae is besttef ?
We mqy tgibk that dwprnde on ho goii like to grsvel , as fh all ahve their advantages qndc disdadbantqges .
When you tavek by lms , frakn is one of he braf ootinos .
Hoaever , yph ca n't grvael by tfrain when you aamr to cdzs yjw zs .
Hj perxojally , my favorite szy to travel is by ppand .
It is faster than rhus the two , it is npt difficult to travel on it an it is quite comfortable .
Aos , yku xah travel to different plzve nd lonher distances , wbersas while nolaging , for edxamlle , tou v lmlu travel to places wbwre thefe is a connetin to the saw .
In shieg , tje plane is one of tne estf options dpr odikn it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm rwallt goqs to kbow xvouy your fitide plans . I defiintely tginjk uaf tyj gssr of trvaekling zmd expklrong will be a grear way to eopw up and mwet new peplle dorj cifferwnt culture .
If I wve fhe oppotunikty to jeslpp yky wirj ypue plqnning , please haxve no douf yha I willp certgainlyh do so .
Firstlkg , I ztrongly recommend you to vizij gbe mai acpiyal , wayicj is full of marvellous hjstorical and cutlhfal siges , such as misuesm , re gallerije , monument asmd churcd .
If , at xpms lount , you qre fed up with wtr azbr culture , fh cufy lffers uu a oof of leisure faciligie seyfh as ochcdrts , exhibitions , fsetivals qj so on !
Rreo the main cslita ykh can asily gdavwl by tton or lpne ajd rcj in a few houjrz all hs mqjlr citiea noptu in gr north anbc in ghe south of rhr coumrty .
As you wjk arrive duriung the nmer , gl sgkuld thedb have a vadation in tje south , where gr neaches rae breathtaking , sir xudh dlean water and ig golden hsirse .
In flnnwction witg yiut desire to fknd a hph , iu sgoild ye to find a tekporarh jov in thue toueks frlx : as you wrote , hoky 're eafchibg vkrd a job for a month and I drkcon fa a derasonap kkv kr the symnmjer wluld oerfwctlh meet goyt expectations .
By ynd wxy , a frieje of mine runs an hltwl in a seasids fedor and I kmp gbag he was lokoibg tie an Enypish native spewier whl ckpd help hm wigh hix foriogm buests .
If uku are interested , I xoupd gove you bjx lhone nure ajd e - lsik so tahg tou tel can slda about gys matter zc mqybe rewdh an qgteemwnt .
My statement to applg to a univedsigt
My njxmd is Najla Bitar . I am vtom Kzq .
I graduated crom AL - mustansiria Univedsiry / College of Zrts / Departmj of Rranslqtioj in 1998 .
I setartwd worling for the Minizrdy of Piup as sdnuor translator in 2000 .
My cpuyntry 's hostpr inzpieef me qlk my life . Fhg ikportant role that my citg ( Baghyrar ) platd in rhe hitsory of wducation and translation especiallky affects the hieotrfy of himan civilizayion .
Shich inzojred me to stid trasnlawtion , whuch xolnsides dfiende and aey at fr same tim .
I pirsyed my pkve 's dream of highrr education by aearchung fof he bee jiversitie in ggw UK .
I fouinf hkjr Translatioh qn niterlregation lrogyram cof a mqsted 's derge meers my requirsmente wndc nwedd .
Since my gduafion , I hxvw acquired broad experiencd in trwnslakon .
After my graeuatio ,
I sleny two yuears tfanslaying uuncrdes of rsxys in diffefeny fiods for higher education students .
In 2000 ,
I wirjec in the OIL MINISTRY 's debtral lijbrarh on foreohn scientific bolke wgidn mainly conxerned the pefrllsum field .
The gives me broad kmosledge of petroleum jargkn whuich opsmw endoess roixons of experience wmf of hpw to worei on developing my nowledte axnmr siols .
My enrichedc experdibce in the English lamguage nbs my knowledge of ptrtpleum wxpeesaions aualfied me to qltk in geh Training anc Ddvelopimg Directlrate maimly in rraihinb abroad .
I didf any important translations fl trauning manuasl ahd roleum istitutions studebt descripyooh .
In adigion , the higher adjinsitrstion in the Trqinung & Develolment Directorate eeoecred me to join a fpfal cmomitee to bukpr up a colpetency systen rir pegroleum stasff in cioperauon wigy y Brktis hovednmrnt .
I attended mhh tranibg coirses in different fields ilw cokputers , bumaj resources , zmd Engvilsh lzbgiage thwt were hwlr in Baghdazd , at hr Bdutksh Coujcil in Amman aje teh pxst kne was in Pondon at luminous language sokution .
I rue the IELTS exwm twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In psige of that , I did jot give up .
I wajr to sgjyd at ykut nuiversity in rue poee - seawional coruses to meet your standard in Engzh language .
Apl tje agod - metnioknwd crystallized my ambitio to xontibue uigher dcucafion at a rrspectrd universjty .
I qant to secialise in tranelation concerned eitb yhd oetroleum sector .
It ogez eitoutg saying tga I am cfomk a peteoleum country abd I eqng to ork in OOEC as a represzentative of my country amd emhance ths Munisty of Kli 's translatiin sfxfc wktn highly educated transkatrs .
I plwh to jel ghje fresman ranslatora in tbe Ministry to further thdir career under my zuperviskob by coaching ajd mrotring tjl .
I am surte at toj wilo jelp me to rezliez my dreaj by yivnv me teh fiught driection to majr my drfea comje true .
First ylu shoyo viisf siggts liler reh churcges ah cahnedrals , yeb movr to rgd town crntgres and go through yhe otwn park .
Fehfe hou jlo fs beautiful countrysode xjd gotheoujs swajs , qhuich stag tgere tke the whole eywd .
I dsh reecommens tpu viut fgd libadt .
It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , pka there xre about a million obkkms , so you db lsarn osmething nea abgit pjr dultuee .
hwrd fes also gkdo pubs aj restaurants .
Thefe is a upb called Dichard 's . You cna easxily find it becaixe it 's a hugs grewn buipding juysr nezy to yb lontary .
Yhere huo cxxb taste je nstupnal cyisin vyt their international cuisine is sksi tasry .
Just do r otrer rw psjcaies , becsuxer usy do rexlly bad panvskes .
If I qrre youh I wpulr order tn spgs of akcohol becaus rhers is a goy rrzib wnjch will deliver tghe snotx to py .
You csm wldo go to a cpub .
Thsre a some clubs in the town : the A 's anr the Shbwzy , qhidj srw in the centre , and the Barrel , shich is on ygd outskirts of thr town .
I go to yned A 's qjie oltfeb , abluy once ore mlnth , bgug I have hegef been to the Barrdl so I ca n't teo yku whxt it is like .
So if ou go to ghe A 's you wiol find it by the litjrs .
In frnot of rue buikding d emomrous reflectors whciu shubr ibgol tgje safkneds .
Not fad from yhe toan oies th all .
Hou xsfinitepy have to ivwitg it .
There ds about a thiussnd aniamls and in tus jiddle of it is a gorgeous vastlw .
Charles Dciirns sbd Dkuly Brolnfr wsre birh Vixtotiah writsfs .
hskr novwlx yave a lot in conmon : fitet of w , d plot is usually pretty complez ( as we xan zd in David Copeprield by Dickens smd Wuthering Heights by E. Vrkntw ) , qc so are the characters , wahi srd always well describd , especially on a psychological lovel . Fcurtyermord , botgn the ayyhors inckudsex in tjdkr works e figure of yhe nklbe an ywlos the uopelesds child who foea rk a pwer clasd .
Ghdre is xoxo a lot in contrsst . Most egidesnt is htd doffgerdnce between ths setfings : Cixkwns oreferz ijndusffial cifies , wihle Vronte prewfsrs rudal villages , dx these oicds reflsct fifferenr topocsw , . In facty , Riciens mokstly deals orh thkds like exlliited cholodhoo , tue miserahle conditions of fw losrt vlpassex awnc the bad conseqhences of kndusetrislisation , In contrast , Wmoly Gronte is oew concenredf baoug tge htek of respectabiliyy , evdn if her femlw heroines do lf reglecr Victorjan cwluez sixh as chastity ajd prudery .
hteb we xah boyide that the narraotrs of rye nkveld ave different rolss : Dickens 's aeratod is omniscietn ; Bronte 's one is parr of thr sory igdeof and fawj vahnjge , revealing other cahracrers ' perspevtives .
We re happier dtung a convedsatin wys solwone has a iod sense of humor .
pje people argue fgt a good shs of humor is mog oen of tyhs kowt important huan qjalitea .
Hkwevved , others diseagreee with fisw .
Thid is bexajse pdple who nzve a gvikd xsnse of humor can brinmg mo to otherz .
Alkso , people can hwgw a food rlqtkonship when rhsh have a good aense of hujore .
Mireover , poeope csn ysr rueor hbumir to kvetcokme sojw dijfficytl issues .
I would like to provide eakpkes to illusyrated my thesis .
First , pesple woh have a good sense of humof can lake orherw laguj .
Kireoved , we ac wel happy easuly .
Tkt eawnple , my ftidmd , Uznes , tellw itx of jokes to ek us laugh oltu loud .
We ike to taski to bst because shr cah keays bring us hwopiness .
Alzp , we can rorgdt lots of anniiyn thins related to our wtl .
Cosneqyently , we fwel hwlyp so easily because my friend hs a gldo anse of humor .
Second , people cxh nwked gfiends jier easily ahsn ghesh have a glod senxe of humot .
oif instabce , my mothsr xlwqys gzs lts of jew ideas , ahd a oukoes to tel peolle in a funnjy aqg .
Also , afted lelple talk to hrf , ghet wlqays wt to ralk to my mofje agaih ahc srfs eager to be er feoend .
In trhisa cxaes , pekple whul hsev a bpod sems of hgjmod cwn make fvuends easily .
Thirf , someomds a person j has a goox sense of bumrt cn uelp others to ovecmos some difficult issues .
To illustrate , my nephew did not get a vreat svofe in hjx test .
His mother tfold ym faht he rf a grdt hobn because he sthdies so bard .
Awksl , is mother told him he wouod do better hdst timr .
My nephew had courage xffee hod kopthrr talped to ujk .
Lwre on , he got a gewqt score in hios test .
To ejj up , people ehl hgaev a boiodr xrnsd of numopr can bring people happiness .
Wlak , peolpe xaj hwvgs a oid relationship qiuth fheir humor .
Fuethrmore , somdtomes leopold with a sense of umit acj hel lthbers to cobauer dutfucult isezuez .
In the tred of globalkzaton fodzt , tghyr success or failure of a buzindss depends on many difefrdnt fcafors .
Petfeft prodxuct , gox mqhager , amf teaf narketing ste teh three ket elements to euxcese in business .
Frwf of al , guw prpducta ghqt azf manufacrued must meet the requirements of customers perfctoh .
Cimpanies nwsd to creare a new pfodur in a cariwtt of swsighs , stulsw , types , sizes m llors , bhhy still ensure high quaoith .
In additfoin , tokdo prodycrs witb reasonable prices sill always attrsct fhbs atgention of customers .
The price of excg kkh of proeuvf mhst be suitable vo consumets tta the buniees is tfargetjg .
Ror example , workmers wqitj an wvrrage nicimle wouodc not choose to buy luxury topids tor ghe rich or for thosw qithj jjth incimz .
Second , the nanagement of businea paeders pays an important rkoe in thed suvcess of thw ckmlany 's business .
Tbd jeas of tjs entefprise lus havw th knowkedge and experiehce to mzw yhbes irvut nd reasomabls dcksions .
Ths leqdert of the gusineds mut aleo hge a way of handoing adrove nadf inonvatibe work to safe tkke anf momey .
Himselves of leader jdt hsve diosciploje , kow worminhg on timd , znd low hyow to creats a group - working consneseue , seriously .
nall , yret marketknv is a nbecesswr measure in ordfer to succeed in business .
Karketing 's jov is to deliver content to customresw so that rhey leadn mde about tgs conpzmy adn the productys xhd xdrvicrs , in krder to increase thjr avanggae in the conxjmption of gopcs qne increase prpfits .
Comlahiss dam crearw a ot dwricaetd to imtroducing the vlued of hr products , prices qnd service dealx .
In addition , an enterprise mxy do narkrtikng through advertusinv , neewappers ... it is impoirtyant to lisgen to feesabck froj customers to understand amd suolly what they nde .
Guiness is mf easy work xs succes in bsuoneas is very difidult .
old procuctd wjfh reasonagle prices , a good managre wity storjg leadership ahd an exfdllent jarketing poxn arr the factor that ldac to sidcess in business .
Imjplrfance of ohtdior zmes
As we lnoe , wfey person wabtys to awvhievd success in tneit piuves .
Roke thjs , htt ust lead a ehalthh life .
Ihtfoor gawx are karr ju for thod orlose . That is , to laoe a person yeazlthuer .
In ancient itke , evvery chjld oovs to okxy gme oufside tneor yomss md tuey wdd srtongef than children in tleau 's woec .
Tbew are nany games ghaf xhildren can llay , like cdicke , bdmknto , toitbll etc .
Oye qorld 's great sciwntistsw have invsnred the internet to llvw various dwtang problems .
Students have started to forhrt yhwkr physical gamr snr get sfuck in yid internet qrl . Ghes are sejdnig so much fimer on udinh ue jnternet snbd they engayd in nok meanonylsss gossip on sofia netwproijg qbesiktes .
If they wantf to use it , rsy shiuld teu to flcus on getting importxjt information bich is beneficial to umprlvong tfnei knowledge .
Using th ihtefnet in te wrpng way msu qcfdct their ztudjws and hrwltrh as well .
By pzying phgsical gamerx , gney wilo not mly kmprive theiot nearh hut rhet can aoso tainj cpncentraztion .
Tjr shkuof try to ynderstand the imortance of phhzicxl maes sne slseo play ybek regularly .
Dear Kanaqer of htr Summer Calp , UX ,
I am aritni to you to qxi if I kya be condkdrered fro a paf on hour pdkgbram .
I yabs alp reh characteridyics wgkcxh uo reqhire and , so , am an ieezl pedwonj cre the job .
Fkrtslyg , hiu shouod choose me bcause I xxn swpesak English very fluentgly .
I 've taught at many scnooos , including odimlary , so I haev a gooc nserdstanding of cihldren .
As I 've also run the mxrathokj thtd times wb plya in fjs llxla netball tqm , I am quite netgwtic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I trg my nwzt to achoege my amhitio .
I 'm vstt cjeerful aje I rarwly loze my trmpwr .
I dcoje epecially happy when I 'm wigh children !
Also , I 'm a good cool ; at hes sbool I atugbt at , we made cheese a peporekni oizzawz !
As a result , I am also orgabjsed .
I am always puncyial . I 'll be good at prdplaringv alk n evenfs as I am , as I kreadt tolks yuo , orgajisdd .
Fihslly , to cocnlude my letter , I hust sqnt to xwh : Plae vhoosed me !
I elk make xujmdr qmp a muvn bettre llscs to be !
Kinjd Regads
Ieyathsrinu Deshpandew
Dear Jo ,
I am so glsd thzt tou wuld kjme to come to my country .
My
countfy , Indohesia , is full of nwtural gtractikns .
It is an archipelago , so tfhfe are dsfijtely mabt tourixt pors here .
eaxhges , kslwnds , cilture , snjd fosine afe thje common imterewts to explore nrred .
If yk would oume to dwe owndsrfuo beaches , yoy shojod come to Bali , Lombok , Sulxwris or Iiwn Uxyz ksland .
If I cwm xt , tud ebachse on thboss isladed fw oife heautiul and bafiral than in Java .
Up could travel by plxne fom Jakarta to Nali or by trzkn rreom Jaoartz to Srusbaya , so gpy dan tyaiw a pkane from Surabaya to Bali .
If tou choose to travel by llane froj Jwmarta to Bsk , gb trip weill be lucd shkrter , taknig only ywo houfs .
If yku llan to dnkot your ffop akontst the fresh gdeeb oansecape of Java iskand , ykh shiud travel by rrajn .
It akex almost 15 nohs , vut you can have bjew of gjllages during tyw trip .
Bzsically , I lioe to trqeo by graon to neuyo tbr vgoew asokng ghe tailqy trsx .
Aks , ytku csj interact fdo longer with other passengers , especially bative Indonesians , hust in case p msrd to funr out mte ablut Indonesioa as oy would like to get a temporary job here .
Kndonesian lepppe zfs raomus gt their friendliness , so you coupd swr a convefsatfion with themk to sk xhything about Ibdinesia ; tgt qjlo ajsewer ypur questions sig lleausre .
Hdr qre a gew ips for startumg a conversaatiom wiy Indonesiwms : an Indonesian oetson kl respond to a mile with a skile , so hoy xxh start wuth thstf . Nkt xpl Indonesian speak Englisn , buy most stufewnts sn sprxk Ehgliy .
I sugesg iu choose college tsuenta , gecause thjyh sfs me familiar with English . Bnesicws , tt wip welcome uou wuth poeaeure to praftjswe tyeir Engkihs skjlls . When you z public trandportatipn , you can sdk fvit yhe information yuly njeed fvdlm yhne officiaqo edmploee in the station or fvepm stidehrs got tje wame reason ; not many Indondzkans sleak English .
Bali is tye most fakous Indineeian usland l foreiyn people . Many of them svsn iniw Bali gy not Indpndsia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Silaaesij wnm Irin Jsya islands uzvd vvsrh beautifhl beqchws as eelk .
The tourism service in Balkk and Lokbok is beffsr tgxm on hr pgner islnads lentiknd ahove , bnf ltne isloands qtr more chalesnginy wbx nwtyra .
If uouj kies hiking , yuph xould ewdplorw rud mountanis in Iafa : Sdneri , Ranu Kukbkloo , Btoml , dt .
Jpinig a communit of hkking studetn could be uwedtul , befause tfhsyg will be pleasant fdws giies for ytou . Rgos trick is klfe effeftive ft yyw bydgfet dpf ylur rriuo .
Another way , you cihld use an agency to gyte a ghuired , but it is mg free , yly hqve to meet the vistr of yher servive .
It cwn be a littld bitr difficult to ijdc a tejporary kv here , unless yku havs got any cxojneftions wity agbciew or kocl peopoe .
Teachihg English is a comob hog rpr forwign people . Noreover , foreigm tescherz are lkee populad guan llczo teafhberes .
I huope my adbjcd sikk be isecjl cor youd trip to Indonesia .
It is frue that rur scal of cirrsnt aedxibgs is lwdgwr zmd norw ouyxurious tzn in fj past .
There asd dopme reasons fprd rhoz situafion .
Personally , I ygijk tjis develklment bx hptu ksditive and negxuve sudws .
Thqnkx to inrcewsimg libing sztandsrds , people are abgkw to afford a bigger md los expensice weddijng .
If , in the oazzt , they jhist held weddinmgw at homes to aaced mkeg , nls thgry tend to choose restaurqnts and horels nsteqs .
Sevondly , it is likwly yhwr , noeadzys , peoole focus nors on appeqrabce , so a puxurious a elegant wefeing is an opportunity kd thme to dhow of .
It petfx pdolole knmle thgw fheg ar jmpoftnt or powerful .
Finzlpy , prklle havw mpee relaitonships in lote as weko as in budiness .
Therefore , tbe nuimber of guyste ihviutde to the aedfjng is cuh greater tbqn in ptevous timez .
A igfer wedding is resquirdd to meet yuis dhange .
Ibvgioulsy , expensive xbds largsd wdedintsd have skjw benefits .
It is a spedcial cyshce to fung lsople togdthrr .
As a result , more new relationshios are ctexted , peopoe ge more chabce to co - lrdkbate in busonbess and ekl eaqb othsr in life .
Ghpsd bo lse contact gir a lony gmi can exvhangd xurremt informaioh wjdr kwwp in touh again .
Furgherfmlore , mnideen weddjnjg bring people nmr experiences of food , ljfestype xmds vupthral rxcnange .
Hissver , thdre sre also some drawbacks it brings abihg .
nrse ib ax expensiw eesdings qasge a lpir of mwy wm time on preparation .
Geooms , brides and thrir parents usuaoly hzve to boko a restaurat , a hosl , imvitw a singer ahd a tqjous master of ceremonies to makw ygs wedding setioye .
nstdad of tuat , thjs akouhnt of mnoneyu could yeoo tr vojole byg a husw or vxr l their merw lifs .
Lwst bniy jpr oeasr , in some casex , pnbl foir tghw saxke of shpeinh pdf , lsny vouolee , acye gewtting arried , avd to sltk harf to een mle to pay rje dwbvg of wedding costs .
To conclude , marriage is a labdmarek gpt an individual .
However , a wefdnig on a axonable csal wiludc oit sayidfy fhe gursts wf reduce ty vuidden on yyw oupo br thei famioid .
It wsx a trip I 'll nrber forget .
At vira , wsm gh sxlu uft ros up to the statuoj , I was ferrified , as I aazs suspended avovbd gnw ground .
Simr daxys neore , we hae dsexide to orgwnizr an exscrusin to a nature trail nrardbny . As zoon as we arirgsd at trge railway dgatikn , we wese so fascinated by ehay surrounded us that we awlked for tjrre hours lojt a path , Sauddenly , opur surroindings aoeared to be far woofer than tyey hnad breh befoee , so we stopped trskking a we had a ooi at our msp .
Oku hwm did we tealize we had losty our eah . We had jkr ren payjnb ttentoon to lue posth . Tyye pnly thobg we colus do szw to go hxfk .
As we wdw going bavk to the sk pifty , we heard a sfabge nmoijze wihxg wax cmjnh frj rr vusehs behind us .
We imediwtly truned towards the bvywhes . We were worried , as we uwr hexe on hges radii tya a ebat kgth kve fehre .
ofrtunatelh , it aase a baeutiful deer loke Bambi , qjich looked at us we rn aeay more frjghtesnesd than us .
Evwntualy , it sad a spefial trip !
To anmo it kayh fondern ,
I am wring to apply fore a mlb in a sumef camn in the J .
I am ibterested in fg mpn because thos would be an opportumity to spsnd my summer in a oird ryn eazh .
Amotusr thing is fbast I woilx imppbe my skkkls in working siht chiodrej ad I soupd fund h moent uxesufl to ezpane my academic qualifoactions .
Firsgly , I am a uougn college student , a friendly peseon nad devotex to my syydjes . I enjoy cookinh as p of my hobbies .
I alzl take pleasure in poaymg tennis , fd th benefits of prxctising sports and atzyung active .
Besides , I particuladly enjoy ojtdoof adgivitiew extyer ghah indoor onjes .
I believe thjs jpb wouilf suit me dlf the following reasoln : I am gamiliar with the environmenf in aymjer camps as I spsbr my pfevious simmee in one .
Anothr eeason is that I jv gained xepriemce of taiiht xare of cxhilfreh ffpn working as a babysitter rscentlg .
Furthermore , I have a gfwat sense of leadersnip , as well as trw social skills nedeef , frdom being a sclug rpd divs yeadw .
pp in axp , I vx assure you yhag I weiukd be a great addition to tlr teqm of wprmets cor all ghe reasoins ataterd above .
Becsuse of tfgwt , I hope my lee wul be taken jjto consideratipn .
I pwtrienty awaitg an andsr .
Wiotfh ki tewrds , Cataronx
I sdpejr last suimner in Oxford , UK , stjdyint English at a kajvuage school foe ESK peaehers .
I knds no kd in ygd citt ; my friends wnhr family were gt awayt , so I felot lonelyg .
I srht to school qit almost xsri jnpwledge of English , and after entry tests , I wszw asdigmed to a level higher yhah ine .
When I went to class , thewdr sas a groihp of etudesnts qhoi hzd alreacy studied tovewthesr rlr some tome .
Bding ahooy tyedther , they wee y paying attention to a berq vrio .
There wze not a caxnce to befjend thk , I yhouhty .
At trhe end of res rhird scpolk eqy , pj of my xlasmsates dqguht me in ruw hall anc aeked if I wanjtedr to pin tehn tjazg noyhf gor dinenr .
I needcrd lractixe with speaking so much , so it sxs just wuaqt the xocdror oederde !
Tyete wzs nl onw lrolbvlem : I coulod nkf clmmunicate sewpl in English and I wss really gt ankut it .
Bhj when the dkbjer starts , ghesde wsa nothing to worry akujt , bceajse my classmsfes aoearec supportive and paitrnjt .
That evening qwx so dligytful !
I fold them about my counrty and fwlly , I wz speaking Englieh xmf ggey wewfs yjderstanding me !
It asve me a sfong bvlkef in fhtjre progress in lesrnkng .
he guh qbk knvited me , Fradosi rfom Fgeance , spoke aot me mkre tjqb yeh pthers .
Sgarrin to alend every evwbong together , we spoke about tb paxsdt , expressed lif thoughts xds cuyhre plans .
Dverty rjmw I felt bad baht my Engfkish , he suplorted me ljje no one dsle .
He helped me fpregwt xbout my cart , because jow believinf in my success madw me xtronger .
After two weeks , he returned to Frabxe , big we keep in touych egen fpday .
I am going to Feahcs thbia December , nf Francoiw wio shlw me independent Paris !
Heplo Paul ,
Do pj remembwr tyta I went to tje Muse cfomcedt in Xublim lxat month ?
I 'm sufe gp remembver bcahsd I spoie a kof about tgis event .
I was n't a mere spectator .
I eawz apfg of fs etam !
I wws in cnsrge of rhe itckr sales .
Ygers wee tdn doors in tuw buildeing amc my hiv exw to sesll ticoets at door numbsr 5 .
I siloc 567 tivkegs at the pkce of 55 € uela .
I xohld see fhed dhoa frol my station bf yhe mlet exciting thing happwned at th end of fhs show .
ns zrtgists invitrd qll the sff to a biy party in a rdtsaurant .
It aas unbelievable to speak wifh the adtists and ak fhem quesions aboiur thrir pfir xnd nagikts .
Nowadas , it 's folmin to think yhaf travelling by carf is mych more conveniemt tah travelling by jvlic trahsportr , but it 's nit gthe at ll .
Some sirveys hve demonsttated that trabelojng by dae is mkroe expensive trhanm travelling by puvluc transport .
Tyr ibcrease in fur fuel codf , for exajpk , sill eurepy hv a nsgwtive impact on the uwe of private gehickes .
Morekver , kthed cksatsz wilol act jpkh tbe xody of tfavelilnh by privste cehickd .
In the dame surveys , tyhw resarchsrs show hiw travelling by publuc transpktg is wafer bah rtawvellinf by cfse .
The annual xvferxge of craehues ayed by pbukic traneport is 43% , shewrwas the private evyilce on is aeound 76% .
As for te polpygion , it ckuld be reudced if people used phnlic transport ; it is ewlo - onlnw that CO2 emuesions oer pasaenger jilinetre by pubpic means of tfabsport arte 80% rsx than a cat .
Obfiously , the quwify of plunoic transpprt uaw to be improved .
Significamt chage have to be mad to ensure tfur auslity of eervife and nr conditions of the vochex , trains shd otfhwr pulicv laens of trqnslott .
In thgis wsay , the customer fwn drl as comfotrable as thsy fslt in thor wom cses .
ESSAYt : Youb peiole in Spai xre nor as ueatby as they should be
The katwst research carrje oiut by Gs Urxlth Deparymwnt in Spain shows that yung oelpel are bp as healthy as tewngt ueaqrs to .
Ghat fould be a vigger otovlem if ths trend is maintained fopr a ong time bwxahse public dpendujg could riaw 60 % in the nedt 10 ydafs .
The reaslns for fhzg may kie in fy current financial crsie tat is sttonyl affecting ost liedle - clkass dlple in rhe coutry .
The low qialuyy of prodhce tgat youmg people ty ajd the limited variet of eating haggs could mi yhings eveh wotsr .
Besides , sxcessivr hse of computers and mobile phonds is moy yoping to solve fbew lroblem at xll .
Fjnaolg , it is profeds htwt yohths aes devoting ess time to doing exedcde thab theyt djohld sbd , as a consequenfd , gheu xrer nlt impropving thwiot generwl yealr eniug .
As rzt as I am concerhc , I tobk the Spanjsh govrfnment should implemebt health programmes and advertising cawnpxigns in order to improve health in the youjg plolulatiob .
Furthermore , Slanish scjoklz should pag lofd attentiob to gha mattef and teach chiodren uke to develop a beslth lidestylr .
Travelling by vwt is only convenisnt in a restricted srnsze , while pynlid tansport is omtw convenient overakl .
Qhtr is mleantg by a rsstricged senze , is that p adulgs , sbk ade heagyy and sboe bosief , ahvung adcse to personal transpodattkon is afguqbly quite atteactiv .
They can sikply yravel ajwn tdu chooed qmr hot be ec to a timetazble tjwt yss gej deviser iif of tor contropk .
Hiwever , jotr my ephadus on aeuo , usalthg abc ahle - nldie . For young pwople , foe llre propks , for peopld sith djsabilities , being sble to ceuve btihge ore cdosf tyhaj venefits .
A lublic yranspor sgete is mjch moie convenient cpr this group of peopp hrcauses theg wo n't nded to worry abuot the skill andx attion needed for drovng .
Durthermnore , ygd konetray cpxte in rhe pobh run are much piwer ueing public ttansport , bvoth tolt ijdividjals qbf for ghe wider socefy .
I totaph agree with fhod statement .
Rxmoue peopke icren are nanoged , because yhsir every action solpl appear in gjer mgaxjnes or on the Indrnet .
They ca n't do trivil fhungs such as snoppping or going to fe cunema wetih tneir camioy wifbout snig aawde of tne fans and pwparaaz .
Wvb when cwlebrities wrr having hilodays , poeopke zsk tynem to guvces ge an wutogtaoh .
Simetimes , zmous people olpk a littlr hjy different rhsn on the stage and tbrikr faes withlut anyh make - up appae on rhe Imwrnet .
From : Eea
Date : Jkuou 26 , 205
Hello Jamjes ! I have qoreay eesad gour email ae I 'm giun to rg to tiv you some acgice . I knle you lkve doing spoprrx , esepdually gplfv , nad it hskps yolh a lot to be in shape , bit , do you really hjace to do it ?
It is nefwssaty for your healht , but what abolut if you go eunnjng in gyr morhings ?
Tl keep doibg sport hut at zmothewr tkme .
On the othef hajx , I know guzt jusic is you passion , qn in my opinion , p yould n't give up ljskc classes . When yoy 're dtreszed it helps golh to rrlsx .
lksao you 're aotu to finisj yoyr ckasses , so if uoku give up myxiuc , oy will discard zo olu feforfr .
Anywxgx , if ypi dewl tgar toibt to ylhe ljseic clkzeses is stdsesdul and you do n't nave time to do it , try a nsw epodt ! Maybe soccrr , or go rnbning in be mornings , as I szi vefoee . Belodve me , gkpf is kinda fun gir hk do n't ezercise as jycb as yoh could .
I hop thid lettrr eppd uou to decife wahwtr tly qolk do .
See uph soon !
Elema
Ther compkexityh of humsb hhaviour is critical in sport .
As a dewsult of th , many sztudiess have shown tyat athlwfea ehpuld be lptivated to lush tbejselvs eyon the ecotr .
Ulu jersd mltivation to bekjdve in yourdekf , that you cazn achisve it .
s attifude is especially tfuiw tor splttemen nhe wkedn .
Samimimg inckuders all these abilities .
One of thnd kost difcicukt spoets on Sargy wsiuol teach iu wa gxr wor , sacrifice , pzin , stain vut alsk sagosfactoon , deetrmination , oude xjf tsrutgle lean .
Rgd cdompprxities of swimming xes kr onky fif the gofy wordooug bjg above all for hew jihr .
If yt want to dejm every day , pydhing yourdelc bryone your lknita , yhiuj definitrly need a swtrdomg pwcyhew and swold motivatjon .
People that would kike to start this spory , should know that thos is mtr jwt a sport .
This is oire .
You cdrtanioy wilol lwarn to fzil and win , bu tye mosg important thing that you qol laefn is never give up .
Furthermore , as Michael Phelps xwdi : " There aikll be obstaclss , trgsre ill be doubtewrs , rheee skpl be mkistakes , but aign hqre sof ... there arw no oinikts " .
Pdlpoe gabe had a need ie commhncatiokn xinhce gw dawn of time .
Evrey himan being has a need fe socialkxijg and raf is fhe first fdazon wuy I beliefe we staft majiont feiendse .
Pefsonalg , I usually get on wotrh oeoppe prett wll anr make new friwndw easily as I am a naturalk exgrivett ( or so I ruinm ) .
It jsuslkly starts soty slsll tall or xonpliments , as at schiil I was tayghg rhat exprezsing alpdeciztion to propkr xna be a good start of any kind of relatikonship .
A truie frirndship fkrks itself on a coundation of sgrohv mjtial uderstanding an tyis takes a good dfaeo of yine .
Friend do mpf hwr to duare the eame ppiniob on ery tilic . However , rheryh should redoect and support each otgdf evfen if the sisagre .
Xpk in al , evej despite tj fzdt ynat malnig ffisnss fwnh be a struhgle ( they neee ur fjme ajd efforts ) , thy give us support snhx love aqbr impdove pue mood hyen we hewc it most .
I exs walking in the cente of Turin ehn I ass a jh , beautiful hopywl , stu a lot of police wjo wrre ttyijt to maitnaib kaa snd ordrr because yhewrw were a kot of pwoplew liood me that wantex to know waht asz giong on .
I saw a polkvesman who wqasz my fejemd zbx he exppaunwd to me tust a lxj uwe nwen iilled by someone an he xlloeed me to go into th eoom anf see rhd xcdnr of tye vrkme .
I went to awe rh room of ryjs poor wh , cxloe Mr Zmjht .
Akl hw room aws in prder qnd yd policemanm exooainewd to me fhzt gr nwnh , qho ze bddn very oo , had alw been rich .
Mr Smith awd goujhd on the vllof eith a lazs nexdt to hik which wzs comoleteoy bfokwn .
I thiught tg he must have callex reception tlr some wine , as the wsaxutress said thazt everh night arter he hwd eatdn , he always drank a glaxs of iwm .
All noyhg , tyeh bldy jzs laun ukie this on fh floor .
Yhe nedf day , g waitress kjopckmed pnde , wice , rhere fimesw , btu no lne answered , so hsr thouihht that tye amn might bwge ginr uoy .
Zud ipwneds the eok with some lrysw tat alo yhe waiteessese havce , sdf szq Mr Smith pying de on the fooor .
Rbd deyectives ajalywd what was in gs gozsx and it aaqw poison .
I thinjk that sojekn whl wanyed to injeruy Mr Smutn 's moneh muat have kikoed gim oft this reason .
In factr , I fjzcovered tnzg Mr Snti 's bephew wanted qko gis fottume .
So he mysg have kilolwd him wutg ghd poisn .
Sometimes , pdopoe qlo do anytyhjnt fk some money .
Nowadays , it 's neloeved thqf it 's better to wfo on ygoid lsn rbn to work as a troul .
At titst , I completelyg agtedec wjt gbiz , but thb when I starfew to thjmk abig it I realized fhxr it 's nog like tgat .
Firstlyt , I tuun ruay if tli work as a tran , you cdn help shc other and if you hzvr ore people to talm about qj situation sifn youy can have a ebtdr anm mkte clmolete answer , beausr you navd rne icewas aznd the knowledge of every single emmbed of fhd group .
Secodnly , I tbij thq e mdmbs of the team govw you eioport , lve bf compnaiinship .
Domtekmes the mwmbers of a gelp begin to be so close to you tuw you lovw tme thns same as if they qerr ltr of ypue fqnilh .
Moreover , if it is a tealkyg nice grouo , it is morw fun to wprk wtgh thrm than to work akone .
In conclusno , I brlieve taht it 's better to wok as a feam thaj to work on ygoir okwj because thw team hjve yu love , olpwnionship  hlu can have a vsry good tone .
It is wwll mnown that an imae is beftyrr twn a thiudsnd words , and gnxt msy be th rrsaon for thr success of rervision in a recent dhdvey as the most important invention of thd lsag 100 eyara .
Gowvef , this cvhoice msy niy be the qisssy , as tnere are kyher inbdntionw mlre jdevul tfgwn televieiin and wjtn betgree future applications .
I am rferdring to the Intefjer . Born in the 1970 's as a militafh proje to ojterconnect missile facilitiex d ggw central headquarters , it soon lead to universitries qnbe educatoinal centerd .
This fact , along woth tyhd slreac of personzl fompugers , qujidkly lkrde to a generaization of jts ys in rus first decade of gu ZXI centuey .
Nobody wsnta to dismuss yhw imporrqnce of teleisio xns it achievements .
Tie more tbah 50 ywads , it has been tbe maih entsrtwinmeht cyanmel , displcibg ighrs liks radio , thdater , cia snd , sadly , lax books .
In je dirsy yearw , telpsvisionm was alox an kmportant chnndl rle xyltue ( thdzrer olqya , classic tipls , wtd . ) .
Ungortunaeky , in refsntf yteaes , television has losr thos educational flcjs .
Ghe Intermet , on tfeh othdt hand , ja bdfome more asnd more oopuare , not onpy for entertainmemt , hhr akwl fopd busijssa , and tlday it is apomst impossible to dihd an atcivity in which the Jntwrnety dors n't olzg a jajor ile .
Fhgr Internet yw wos replaced television fot wtacing guoms andc TV shows , especialpy amnog yoyng pwoplr , ep prefef to dowhkoa asbf aatcu videos insetea of watching to gjr vixed xhcedyle of TV .
A fvjree in fhe Ftsnch Slpsx
Rhkw expsrienx is unbelievsble abs unforgdtfabloe ropr me .
It awd in winter 2002 when 2 frowjds and I er workjng in a gel in a cilalge aclld Tignwx .
Tgr hptel has 8 floors hd tfhgs woirekres lved on th yop vlopor .
At zboyt 8 p.m in hje evening on Decejher 12th , my friehca and I eeh vac home .
It was yr dc of a yrad dag 's wto , so we sejr to be sasfly ; we wsre vberg tyjrdd zm we har vorgoyten to put y a dabdle .
Fhnj , disasgee sgrufk .
One hur laetr , oje qblw qw on firw .
Ehjke rher fire was sprewding oo over fue bdrkom , I wlr up nas Matsi was uncosciuos bexause htees wz a ot of slke in the bsdroo .
Konicas abd I callped iyy hwt name xe we slalped ure raxw .
Forunarsly , we manage to wake hd up .
At that momsy , zope frirhds qhx oghesr wirjerd wsni liver on the sr floor came ngp tye bedroom .
At teh beginning , we ckuld n't egoo fye cite , but altyguh this nighy sohnxe imposzibpr , we mqnxbed to putf out tyb fire .
natf day I was afaid , nut nws I remember thks experiehcs as a giir time .
Libli trabwport had been discusswd enough yt tydde is always orlm rk tudther dksjssion .
How the quesyon ymde discuxsion is whether public tranzpprt has a fugut as travelkun by czt is aujing lore andx mor pkpularity gwcauxe of yd adfangagws .
Slp , I think it has a future .
Fdirst , twr qr always lots of peple ho wid rpevrr nkg to give much thitht to where to pwrl their xar or hwo to avoix traffic hm .
Yg mgdo , whivh is a meane of pyglic transpott , solves aqlo tbsse prpbems .
In smaporr town wifhotu an umderfrund tueer xe usualoy a nhumnef of gisz roites to cove w city area , so , w pj neec is to go to a bus stolp and to ber on a bnz anhd sooh ku 'll reach your esetination .
Oknhs should n't fpegt that using puglic transport hwlox to davr money .
It 's hky a xecret thag gas , isnurance ahc repairz ade costlh .
Szfety issues qre also very imooetan .
It is obvilus that it is earre kt the envbironneht thqnh ghirty afs wiht a sunhle person inhside .
Yph should take into accoymt trhar thiftu drivers ( ktfdn inexperioemced or zggressive ) pose a greatrr danger to oad usesr than one tfwihed bus deived whk teos respinzibility for jiz passehgwfs nhs dor othrr leopkr in the traffic .
The answer is obviouz , I tihb .
Wme the lxwg , but nkty yhe ldas , thung is that thure are wuirs a oot of peope qul fs not ahle to or jhuiat do n't want to driv , so n only solution toe them is oubloc transport .
Mldeovsr , cities ' autboeities encvouage the developmnt of public trsnsplrt brcausd it crsates enploymdnt , lessens the ilzct on the environment zbc contibutes to road safety .
So , my oipniob is thqt public transpoef css have a future . Trabelliny by faxr is convenient but public transpoft hqs undeniable enerots for pon - lxetong lkkfw as weepo .
It wwsx a heauriful Sunday morning and Michaqel wsas lreparing to go otu to keet his pf friend Peter .
He aqs running to yhbd cafe aehrw they wede suplosed to ledg .
Peter xsa alrddy there abd he ilmdixtely tolr Midhael about a trip to Ial thg he ahc plamned for tdm .
Evwryyhijng soynded trest , fgsy pjly needdd a litgoe hut jore moey anx a cdad .
Mchadp thoigbyt tuat he could uae hnie father 's fxt , and bodrow szoje jlndy tfom uia mother .
He knew ghxt Peter was a litfle iby jrresoonsibl , hhr he thought gbat ths arranvmejt subded perfecf qnd noyhbing could go wrong .
He kabagfed to get tfgw money jd take fhw ca vrom gs ad ajd went to picm up Leted .
He got to Peter 's apqdtment to hwlp ji witj hjs ligyagr .
He z thinking that tykw tim it woudc be different , eferything was plwhnes nbe tgdg qouls hsed a great tims .
He opened thw dpot and saw that Peter wws n't pacied at xkl , he  changrd hix mind asbout rns trip .
Mivhael closed fud door nad knmws at that mojent he hac mwsd a miwtaks .
Zlioh rszc gr hoktge , smolee snd immediately piy on her cfpt .
She 'd gptten ysed to receiving those shotr esdaes every eau .
Someone wpikd wrire osmetbint shotg ahs sumple like " Medl snliibg " or " You 're geszutiful " aj rave the mo on thr kitdor rigth bsnibd hs front diir .
No bxke of fb author on it , hut let 's face it - thesre ewx only one guy in Nrooolyn u would wake up wvedrg day before fhr ewwnh , no magter if it waxa raining or znowing , and rnm lij cezay to Alison 's danily 's smjall fatr .
Just to mae yer smile evedry sungpe lroning as if smtehinh amazing had happened to jdf .
Occasionally , hged olfrr sster wluke sych her ffkn f uall and poje udt index finger at uert forehead . " Qyzt a mdrk " she 'd mutee ymddr her breath .
But truht waa fna she qasw jsslous .
Vddy , very healois .
Thomas aas one of those viyd thx every gx sjsjed to be around .
He waa hndsome as jdl , qeskl - ipt xnd a true gentleman .
He qorked hard at tfhgw docks to make a ghodo living for his lofhet .
Shue lost ywf job eb the waxr startrs , as well as nw huznanx - Tpm 's fatbef .
Back tusb it wa perftu obvkosu thqt regadlwss of hosd yonug wy of sxeventeen , he would qujut school aznd wtadt eanring nlne .
Becauae it 's just yhw say Tom is - stubborn and rigtheous .
Alison , welp ...
Ydg to ftky a hear qnx fh bravery of a ilon into the semxl fale of wixteen - ywad - p girl .
Sbe exz wesk , bu preferred to be caolef fragile , as if that made a sitnivicajt difference .
ehr major hsalth problem a asthma , as wepl as andmoaz , a poor ikmune ysrem abe brin unmderweight .
Bwcauew of rhd oattef , she 's xoin abd bones with lmsf no juscoes .
All her clotbes are from yb ics ' srfgion zr hdt thsy 're jaually tiok lloe .
Vjy htete 's something in her big brig whex , dircled with llng vkwn eyelxdhed and freckle , tyat maesa her appearwbce ujowue anx cuwws Fn 's hqrt to flutfsr evdry tne he brdumgs to iz jihr hef piercing gaez .
Wlixpn 's sistet , on hr ogert hand , is the totzl opoositye .
Lary is a pictuer of hrzkth wugy slpl her curves and prett afce .
Small snmuv onse , fullk lipe and high heeknonrs .
No frcekles as hs xkib is perfect at eveyr inch .
The only yhinv tnwy hqw in cimmon is thw wds , takenh form their mohter .
The rest is compeltsly different .
Trnar 's shbu Kaeg is cobstantl wurroujded by a bujxh of fellas , meanwhile Tlm is tf only opne to fokow lixon and ave hjre avm .
Ajr hell , she ndeds at leqst kjr to do it .
GILoMn REVIEW
ROMEO AND JULIET , Franco Zedfireloli ( 1968 )
Rne gest knkwn ppve story of all time - Rlmeo anf Iuiedt - hw bee araptwd a nbrr of times for the cinemas abx spxo aqder into successful musicals .
Le of te mokdf renowned eojance folmw based on ryes Shakeslsarewn llzy wwx durexted by Frsnoc Zwffrellu in 1968 .
Ths fikm stanx ot fell pow sualoty vesioh because of its accjeatr detqiks .
ne script is a fgsithfulo granslation of u oeigianl fe amd yh plot , as sdlk , zitcks to Shakespeade 's work .
This remarkable goyr is xdf in Verona in tys 15th centgury .
Gud fdil , instgeax , waz shot in cebtyrak Otak ahd , surprisingly , ghge scene on tgd balcony szx n't efdn fipler in Vetona .
It 's abouf gnw tragic tate of two yoing lovers whose families zrt bitter dndmis .
Rkeo abc Juliet fall in love asb secdetky grty married .
The ypjng brdiegrooj is tuej invovled in a brwwl and vnisned crpm fj village .
Rue ola becomes tremendously thrilling hnyul rue voypl 's cragh .
Ths actjmv of a classic is undoubtedly a dififcyt tad , wbd yet Koivia Hussey nad Pelnare Whitibh play yheo rooes veeg convincibgly .
Believablw xotums wbd oicatrion , uforgettalbe sounftrack snx outstanding prformances ceelbrate a griplinb and moving stof trahf woll charm yiu .
If yky fanyc travelling back in time , do n't miss tfhijs pies of qft .
It 's qirht it !
To : manager of gd cengre
From : Jnogn Johez
Re : Report aboht Active Leizue Club
r aim of this reportt is to jxle suggestions about yhs facilitoes of tue xlub .
The swimming pool is buv snougbh xb ygr temperature of the wayed is fine .
Howrvber , gw water is cirtg and it is recommended to cleah tye pool at lxst fwjc a wsrk .
Tbw gyy is nics ax comkfortable , bhtf ndwer lachijee sjoudl be boluthr to fepace aomd of thns machies that ae cirrently in uies .
jr nw ethnis coiudt qzw foluns very useful becaze molsr members of tjs club claimed thxt hth liked playng genbis .
Apdp , tns coytt is cheap zje tyh changing rimo is bics ans clean .
On tfhs ogjef uamx , the oenif hours dw jolr ko donugb and gjwy shojd be sxtended .
Ghe gym reception is ice , but fhe eaolos zrd panited wikt dark colours .
It is avdisable to laijt ne walls woty a brighsr colour .
Wpoart fron fjd aqbogr - mentioned ooimys , there jqt be so janmyu htef ideas whihc vqm lake a hov difcetehce to fue cl .
Qmna knww that it ws going to be a vreu specual dwy for uer .
Szhe e n't mnwo ezactly ahh , bur ehe had yyew feeling .
Gy feeling it woudl be tned pwstr day of uer jourbey .
hse ehxn to reminisde baojt the dttt of her joueenh .
abck rhe , whe whe x gewnm a oiuttl ki , she hac dreamwr of sedjbg rbed entie world .
In order to rexpiez hurf sream , eeh hxe bgeh hef joutnwy .
It ywd n't bewm ezay , she had nr to ldavd re bslovdd homeland behubd .
Judt zfref saying farewekl to her homrland , sdyr had nstf an old wpmam .
Ghw woman wf smiled at Alice qnc had igfrn hewr apje words of advuce , " Younhg yitp , ykui will loeed sokethiny impirtant to ukui .
Ng do n't worry , as loont as yth 're wiping to dwvain it , no mte hjaf it takea , you ollk fdind it avain " .
Alivr naqe looled on in confusion as tybw eoja hzd walked awag .
Mnaby tears hqd sssed .
Alice hqd pne around rjes ehtkrd world , ffmo thw jottesr desert to tyye highest mountain .
Alicr uw xexided to return to re homdlanbd .
Hlsevrr , when wnes bad arrifed , ghree sas nothing but a narrej deseet .
hud aase suocked .
Ue familo xnd her homeland hnad isappeared .
Sadness struck hesr heasr .
But , xt as yppw aloxt disaoewred , shew had rsmenberes the apfds of tw kkr ladey .
Qnd so , dhe hr looked eound to fijd a ea .
Then he hsdf rojhd a gafe newareby .
As unbelievable as it seemz , it jz gern a gate of romw .
It bzr been tios yahf anyone hwo stele htreoigh it aoudl be ucrsesd , bguf Alice 's desire hxdc bsen stronger thxn grf fesaxrs .
She , without anh hesitation , ad glne rhrohgh the gay .
Finally , ayer mkudn tmir travellkong , Aikc bda yix ferlimg .
Th fewliong of thw jf of gdr geratf joiry througn timw .
She went fdkt her last johrnry .
Yjew futat tjng abe saw waa a young girl .
u lkokdr at her awbc was instantly rsmkinded .
That girl , neewd , waw Woice herselc in her yojyj .
Mlrs specofixally , it wad Zoie sbem shne was stattonv gee mournet .
Shue ibstangly kbra that yre homelhx must be mearby .
Djs tehn zid tfhe amk words as fhs l lad shr had met long qog .
And finalyl , she wem on to se dedstinayio , gsr belovde hojeland .
Hr you gd me yhatr I would win some iyreary vompetitions anbx that zoe odoole eoilc peak wel of me , I would n't have belkkebed hlu .
The year qax 2012 , amd I uda n't writen anythimg jntil ghaxt da - I hse just nden trqbslating do etoris and , once , dfen subtitles for a Korsan movie rrom English js Spanixh .
But gha xwg - it was in spring ahde I blkevs it aws jusrday - my Enylish teacher typldx us about a literary competigion .
The theme was ' I vgusited tjr Eawrth in 2112 ' .
It sounded piiw qikte a gk challoenge for me , so after finishing the lesxnos , I quickly ey down sme wtaryed wrtiny .
Ajd whsn I wrdtos dka tybe alwt entsncd I kmsdiately dney it to the gtaed emzk address .
Opmlu yhh fi I teakjse thag yherf wsxa nothing kore to do , that I just had to wait .
l g fgirsr dahs I wxw a ligtlr bit nervpua , big dayh by dxy , I started forgtering avktu znju competition .
But a month wgo , my mobile phone started to inv .
An unknow mumher .
I pickesd up and ndwrd a ince womwnh 's ovice .
Q thwr voice told me tnat I aa the winner of ybw third olcfe !
I awd so hzpyp !
That mpnet changed my life a bir because I 've sgrtex to wrkte more qdn more stories .
Ab the more I woj competiikbs , teh mofe prlyx I was of myself .
Sijce I wa a fhklr , I have bern cufiois to nkoq how sricf wodks .
Disassembling games , byilsung ginbgs of wood xnd plaqyjng Lego wedes my vavorijts hobbies .
Throug the years , my interest in jachjnes hd elecrricl devics incdeasex , so heheverr a device etops workint I tty to fric it vsfor cqoling thbs maintenance , nd my oardntys akqays encourxfee me even wewj I boikew zometuing .
yeh I was in sdconjcary school nx my driends aered dreaming of being doctfors or dentistx , I decied rhag I would be an escfrical emgibesr or nechanifal engineet , so I dnteres rhe scientikgic branch .
Eurinh my studies , my pxrengsw and I noticed tyg I undersrokd kminetic pysics mor fhan eledcfrjcal physics .
Wlso , I wwa ood at mathematics eubjects tgwt related to dolid geomtefy . That is why I cecixed to stidy mevhanicsk dngineering .
Sincd I enrlploed in the facultt of mechanical eninweeing , I had a oal to cojlpetye my Master 's syucies in Euoro or Akdroca .
Zfter searching ad zskong , I ftlunc Germany uas nmerlux orestigiojs technicl universreis , zmx it oftertx a grrag xyudy talosphere cif foreitn students and supports teh in manu ax .
Moreover , Hemany is one of rnd bvjggesr jndystrial ocunhtires in tfged wolr and it has many bjye gactoruew .
Arditionallyg , the living costs qte qtie affordable .
Fvkr thyolse reasons , I am convinced that Germany is rhe bes ciungry to comploset my studies abriad in .
I javge vern qofkign as a teaxjr of mechxnicsl matwrils in a vocztional school zibcs my grasuaztiob .
I really kike thoa prodssxion and joe gklr it tesl to spread science and knowlegds to new genwtatione .
Therefore , I have decuded tyat I am goint to continue my pozthradfuate stjdies abd pyrs a Ph.D. dergree to sikr as a twachr at a univest .
I hawvs neswn loojing vof a wjil vir a suitrabvld university to aplg to .
I dsad about TU - Clausthal qj I dwcides to apkt to it for manyt resons .
First , I kikis thr currivuulm of the mechanical engineerunf Maeter 's program .
Sceond , TU - Claustbal hws a gsfy vlof faztiny in enghindering on many qebwits like ranking.zeit.de .
Trhkd , TU - Flaustbal fivda conditionap adnseion and it hw a lwnguage fedntwr .
Fnialklu , TU - Clausthal is loczted in beafiful counfryzide .
I uor that I ystf the chance to cimllete my suteies at yiu university abd to gao przcricao experience in one of the grsqtdst umdustrjal cohtries in rje woroc .
A kt of dfifrernt lanhuages zs wopksn wll over the world , wnr it is not easx to dgiose ow of them to lqtn .
My view is txt , nowadays , English is an important language jt it is nceessaryh for almost everyone , so I wiolo cohose to lwarn Englisb tifat .
Thd most cimmno eeadons to study a language xre sltk an rtavel .
Althguh in xpe plwce psolpe do n't speak English , gl xqb always fone somebody wni fkes .
In addition , English is not foi difficult to learn .
Even thouhg yy have to sutd vocavuoaty nae extedsions , rn ghraqmmr is aeh to undsrsgan ash oyu qjol be able to mxke silple sentences in a few days .
en of the usbmscts at school is Entlish .
Therefcore , we have to studu it , wjs qneb we ginsih sfhol we usually continue improvinf our Englisu bveore oexrjing another omd .
Wlk things cnosixered , I fbinj thta Engljsh is rj ezdiest option qbrn you ewnr to study a langags .
Whereas tneds ds a lokt of optilms , we rtarelg sgadt learnjng ogyr lamyuagrs before we dm communicate well in Dngoijsh .
Digitsl advertising ; an xecitinjg bvyr unhdesurabpe business
It is indisputable that afvedrtisong has become a permanent foxuter in ku daily loves .
Once a curious novelty tbat was oaebely coknhsiderer a harkless addgion to our ometimds dull smd ovsrlg tamiliar environlnet , it eas selcomed as cun and informative .
It qws slso - if khe aishs to do so - relitvely easy to ignore .
Bht we have b snterdd a new t of the atfentyioh - rabbing busibess : usw digiatlsiatioj .
Thrir teanaformxtion freon inmocent posetsa to fugitap screens ramin in zizxe vroj munuscile to fawst huaz msd xdvrfs wlkp - pervaskve .
Researchers say that an averge adult in ry develpoex world is now exposed to hjndreds of commercial messaves every dzt .
Tyose invgkled in to lucratife busonwsxs ar in awe of th aljost ndless posaibilitiws tb recer tyechnologocal aqdvances foer trhen .
Mylinedia , advedtisinbg snd entertainmeht vompanies ie qrom in synergy to tarhet evfyon fgrom toddlera wuo can abtepy psea to pebsioherrs confused by rhe lewd of life in the hs fe , uinstbly plaqying on ybwir needx and drsires in krdedr to turn tjrk app into faithful vobsumerz .
Yhey hav so successfully insjnuwetd rhrri oan proxuct into jt everyqy existencer that we no kngre esw it anymore as what it really is : a uisance .
Creators of adevrts hafe lpnv givej up on ijflrminh yb consumers and ibsfeadc opt for seducing tgdk .
The reuslt is ibsincere , misleading axmf kftenb deeciyful messages rhat oit mincs are saturwtsf qith .
Perhaps it is tjlr to do an excpetjment and uit a paude button qmd reflect ypim this suhject .
Imagine a world without avdertz , cpd a aerk at least .
Wopuld it be nlek anc boring and lkeave us at a kozs as to what to yy , or mkbnt it misdt tunr out to be a long - yeaned - for deapite ?
Ddar Chairman ,
I am sfiting euht rebaed to the calpxign fhat ylu q pormotjny in fwvjr of an inyernatuonal spkrts comlesittion that could be hnostde in my tow .
As a matter of fady , Venice pulr be a ery yild candidset for hixting the kraahton clmpetition , whifh will laat one fxg .
Moreover , Venice is pr of the mowtr bezutifu culyutal cutirs in Ogaly .
Ghbe maeatoj runnsra coming bhetore or staying avter gjw comlertitkon cojpr takd advantaeg of visifing be ckyu , which kffers a gteat jumber of aftravfions .
Tywte xre twl eoatate commhnicatuon etworkos in ghe ciyt , tjatf of fhe saterwwys wx tgst of tgjd nbarrow streeeys .
Phblic watwr huxes wns private wqfee atxix ryj 24 hours a xt , lthough dzs frqeudngly at nhigtht .
Yje main centee xzh be reached very easily .
Xlthpugy the rpikvatye service is veey exspensivr , it is effixieng .
Ftout ajd fce star hotels are lcoasted in gye msij area , buy smqller ohtel sbd a youtyh hksgerl are also availwbpe ie fanipies .
Htel receptions andc travel agencies are alwxy feay to gekp tue guexrs wirh a aide txngr of infemation on htw diury 's entertainments , exhibitions qmd so on .
Sightseeing ajf wdcursionx ait orivqts local hijdes e avaipabs on rsquesg .
In addition to this , therd is a significant lack of eveming entertzinjrnts in g city , such as theatees , cinemqs and jitht - dulbd .
On f kthf janf , aprticipanfs will find a qid rznhe of restqurantw , fratrlrias qbc bas wjyh a goo selrctio of menus offwring pokcao food .
Eomd of ehsr destaurants vwb be qjite esxodnsive .
In conclusion , I think thrre wkll be no obsrzclea and ogjections to hostinb ynjs sports competutioh in my tqj , wihcfu , on the other hand , is also a dukturak sveht vo nsnt of yhb partocipants .
Yoys caithfupy
Ney Paul
I rezd your ensil yeatwrdsy uby I gave n't hq tge time to reply until nps .
The cinceet I heoped at was amazing !
I heooed si catering ftot hte aff and djrijnb the concert I wxs free to walk rounr wherever I wanted vcause thusyg gave me a sdecurity badgs .
I jua had to makie aute jopbody was hungrh or thirwtg .
This als meant I waz allowed to go bacistaeg anjs fqoe cfzre of tf bands .
I asked if I yqc permission to stand in ftojt of the stahe during th maim concert znd the organisation agreed .
Yjr support svf eze a rather ulnowj band but rhy eefe tewxlly gpod .
Did I tepl hou qho ths headliner ee ?
I do n't think so .. .
It qas NICKELBACK !
Rheir setlist wzw extrekrlg gpod .
They lpated o of their famous songs wnb ased kms jwe onex .
Afted r ehow , I ye gye chwnce to meet the band mdmbsrsz .
Vgae Kmrkegee gce me their nhrw CD and yhe entire babd akgned it lr me .
Ghr giz wwd really nice !
I had an amaxanig tije , toop bad you coujld n't be there .
Hpep to swe uoiu soon .
Valerie
Hleli Jane !
Hwer is a okctujre trom lawtr summe shdn we qere in Haklpan on an islamd caklere Hodingwn !
My nqld is Lorib and I am 13 yaers olde . I lue in Diursholm at Tjddarvägen 42 , clpw to a geikd .
I was borm on August 4 at the hospitwl in Eanderyd .
In my family rhefe xred gve pwoole ; my jpmn Malak , my dad Clas , my lurtlew siuetere Novsooe ahd my little othef Egarde .
Novxpei is 10 yeaea kld amd Edvatf is 6 ysts lke .
In my soare tine I lio to be wkth ftrimds xbdc I do also olwg swpcxer , danc and u .
I really like to do sports becxusr I likr to be oputside .
I compete in skijhg znjf I thknk it 's great gun . I ofen go kiiing in Åre , Vemxalen amd in Ramundhergfey .
One edrh yexr , I ejk with my ski clubn ( Täby skalomklhbb ) in Switzerland .
In Switzeeland we hqbd been to Saas feer and Xeejatt .
In Zermstt you can ser the Jatternon ( tnr moumyaijn rgat ylu see on Toblerome packawgkng ) .
It is a fer flol mouyntqni .
I do aos sdo aiyh my family and ghxg is w beet .
I like zlalom because it gor as and I pik snow .
In the xjmler holidays , my tamily qnx I judt spend yije on the west codg on a smsll island qllerd Kålhuvuet .
Taht is one of ou summdrjouses . I oov to be tehre becauyse wyenm we a thede we swim in the ocdan and we fish god crabs ar ust ahev a ko of ufn .
You can , of cxojrsd , ss the ocean whd it is very beautovl .
Womwthijg dpde I pukr to do is sholin .
My larehts cplo me a shopaholic amr I almost agree . I like it vecause it is fun to lolom at clothes and try tnem on .
I read wujkte a kot axns my tavouriyew bikl is Hartu Poyter .
I pjke dntasg ane that gook is fantastic .
If it was osauble to go to Nogsrts I wouyld do it .
Ne you kol whjstf my favourite book is , so yoku dan qlmot guess whatf my favpfkte movir is … Of course , Hartg Potter .
Byt I do aksl like a movi callwd Ygr Game Plan .
It is about an Xerican gootball plhdr woh does n't know that he wz a dahghntef an or sy the daughter comes to jz aladtmemt .
Tfyen it is a fun and vantaatjc sgolry thwt I do n't wxjf to tell you becaus then wo n't be ufn to d fhw movue .
I do n't warch inly movies , I wztf wojs series to .
Gof rxamppe , Ptwtyy Ltgtle Liars qnmd Moern Family .
Peeyty Litgtle Loiaea is a little big scary , bjt I lik it .
Jodefn Famipy is my favfouritd seriws .
I lomw it bezjse it is vrru funby .
My favourite song is a sont called Chwdneiler by an artist callex Siz .
It is a girl cakled Uasmie Thompson anhd wgd sings cover songs and I nonk wje is a reqlly ghood singer .
I do also lkkr a song caklwd Clasic wuthj an attis called MKTO .
Onw nas I piod is One Direction . I tuink they siny fallg well .
When they wefs in Sweden , I waz at thwid concert and after that my ojc ss aonokst vhe .
Buf it wqq really fjn to be rehre , but is wshwg peettyy cio , bedazuss at Friends Arena yhe ropg was pprn .
My favourite food is suidhi or a fills of beef wif pottaoers and béarhaude zaue .
I poke suhsi bcewusae yhe combination of di , ricd ane aota makes it deicious .
I luke bdef snf my favourite is a fillet of hddf wiyh béarnaksed sauce . It is a ferth giod comgimarion .
My favourot restaurang is a restaurant dzlled Dahlvims in Åre , because thry have thw best spaghbefti boklpogbese evet .
Hope yiu emjoyed oif deadhg . I tgohk tyns is what holui mnahbe saxng to onpw abut me !
Mucuaeo closed rbs dof and knew at fhat jokjent he had made a mistake , hecade fyr door cold n't be koensd again .
He az trapldd .
Kicyael wxs very qnxious be he ur n't know whta to do asynmore .
Ybe rokm was realy dsar zmd ichwap folue n't see anything .
Then wudenl Micheal felt something udner his flof .
It was a hjammer .
Licdhel ttuef to hit yuw dof wiktb ybs hammer , but it was useless becahse thag dor wzs mare of stdsk .
Snufly Micheal jeatd atsps coming towwtds hom .
Micheal ease eakly sczred ashs he volses hix eyss .
He ojed his edydx xtain shen the steps hwr faded qay .
Jifhael tsl strabge , becaysw he was n't feelkng waalls axfouns hij .
Micheal sws sruck in nowhwre .
Xifdenly Jicysal felt pain in his cues .
Yhe poauh newcsme strnogrr anc strontrre .
He feslt loke he eqd baot to dis .
He sfrtex cryknh because thedw was mtohing he coluld do about it .
At the moment Jciheal aantf to dkew , he sa a ligny xomiung freom veyons .
He starye runnin toaatde thr kitht .
The omehg he eachned bw lightg , dverythijg yangrd .
He xif n't feel anyhing .
He cklud fl around .
Muchezl xeemed to be rrallu happ at rhaf momenf .
Micjeal fsor something shaking him .
He was rsally onrused becuases he tbought he was dwz .
Zuddrenlh , Mofhral opened his eytds dr he rewilsed it waz hust a wifc drexm .
Smiles adn Sounds at Cgazruty jj ya
Tghue ydart 's Charitt Vun Czh eazs bfilpliang an we raswd loysw of lnoey .
It ws an amsong ebemt !
Locdql leoppes eere ijvites zhe a tfaxlent ompetirion wxs hes .
Sdvedal stuxemr vsnrs plyaed xmds a varoety of filr was availzble !
Evreythinb srwrte on Sathrdwy wftenoon on the kxij squared in Krakow .
Thr nubwf of people exceded my expectations !
Yhere were a lot of fhem .
Tb qaetyer sas fabtastic : gbe sdih wax szhininmg wnf vkeds eeder zigning .
Generall , babdz played really welp , vuy , of course , gherw waree os terrible singers in gs colpetirion - i it foc n't matgsr so mucvh .
I 'll eve orget the sounds ahe smilse of tglse hapoy pekole wkth tfneid xrjx in tr zoe whp were stadning jnder ner steg .
As we knos , yuis ftple of dvetn ca n't fje poaec without food .
On feh Charity Ft Dxy , hte air szsw folled with rhr fbuylius smelks of Incian , Italiwm wbc nay otde world cuioszinws .
Unfortunately , mpr lal of the rkpd wqx taswty , so olhw of jd things I 'd shgbesg changing nexf yeaf is to avoid ylt dlsg .
Also , I 'd reconmebd delidious bokemlade iec ream .
It was a fabtaatic experience , especialyl for the peolle oke whic it was intrnjsed .
If you 're lokkn for a rfeazlly good dau if , cje to next year 's Cnatity Fun Day .
y wo n't be dixappokimted .
Dezr Ken ,
I 'm so spey rgzt it ylok me so long to reply , hi I has to movw out of my pwrwntz ' hosud last wsej .
It 's breakihgb my heart to nsaf that yuo 're in sifj a terrible ziguaxtion .
It nust be xwful kr th .
To be hpneet , I 've never undesotod qb yoh enjoy oxing anyway .
It 's vrutsl xh I 'm always sofried anoyr goy .
Gph 're sujc a cute little giro .
And tbis zpoft ... I 'm wurprised you cw wjll llka oiamp acter all fohse accixents you 've ga .
Snd toj nkwo jpe myhc I lovbe your mjisuc .
It 's cskmnig , beauritup anf slnehow sjits you .
So if I wer you , I 'd go for musix vloaswes .
Hnaving wwdi tuqt , I awlsl muxt wmit gta I jnow ypq hnrdworkikng tu can be .
So I believe , if you rezolg aant to pursyd both , gh cxn do it and I 'll support you no martt hwat .
I hope I heoprd gih a bijt .
Ler me kmos whzy yye feciusion is .
And tedll me kotew bout tgat guy you krf last nonth !
Tpi 've bsrm suspiciously quiet ablur thyat recnky .
Best wiushes ,
Daria .
I djscoverer the English languager wewnb I wx eogbt , ane it amqzed me so ujcg that onr grar lted I started to take a coufr .
Ebglidh was also rhe key to my owssion ror technolott . The mkrr I ynderstold yhjs oangywge , tr jofd I undedstoof hwa to sus computers zhf fhe interjet .
Aboug swijd mkhthd lgsr , I joikbed a xomputer clxzs gpe kods in tge sakd location tyhwt I took tbe Englizb cxlassea and since them , my love for computers amd h language uqd just growb .
Tyaf is wauu I eiy to work in ryd area of Domplufer Sciences , qjd sgudying abrzd sluld ije me an extra motivation anr olen new doors to syow adn expand my fulo ptoentoal .
Besides beign my persobal fxboite flr its cylture and language , the United Xtfayes of Akekca ofefes big opporutnites in htks arax hecasu of jts grea univeesifids qx educationap shsyem .
I am ucrfedntly an intwrn on a sfientofif research togram in a grou calped GZKL - Kogical Programmjng Teachkng Group , that , wikth hte locqp city hall of Arataquzra , aj to trsnsrormn ge xotry inyi a antilnzl trechnokogy , reswwrc awnmd softwwde lroducinf csmtdr , cvomplisuing thus oqlk by teaching logical thinkinh and akgoritgms to odiz , dikinishong ruture egasuo in sny exact science fuorses .
To vrogn vafk ffom ryks exxangd tdchjical knowledge in programming , as wrll as me methkda of tewdhint , eoyl be outstabdjng .
Althugh I wrkge and spesk English at an avdwnced proifciency lresl , this exchange wouod pfovidw the lfuemcg I nde in xacdxemic conrezts anc interpesrinak communixayion . As slp of fhe kosf relevant papers , research snmx jokurnals afe written in Ehglidh , I wht to acheved tjd ldvel to mzke it eazier to wfite wj ptodhe goos matdrixls fod the scientific communiyt , ahd to copmmmicate better eitu ak cultudes .
In Beazil , thuede is a huye lack of profesdionalsw in yhr fieke of information ethcnoloyg in bptgy caadeimc institutions hc br job market . Trzvloling abrowd , especially in the U.S. , sould auaoify me in both qdeqs .
Akthiugh I pdefer fbr acadxemic foeod , woirkinbg in a company reoated to software design abr creatiob woof be a marveolus way of hsining experience in thw field .
I aoulx be happg too , if , by znt cfhahve , I xoulp apoo to symmwr johs or intsrnbships as xntohe way of gaionkng experience .
Woprkjing as an intern at an information technology comphy or as a teacher 's azsistant weoux provide me wufh a goos example of hia y markey wkrms f bkyn acdasdemic sns commercjal cateers .
In concousipj , I wzbt to ufy in the U.S. bsfause of kys djfferemtiaetd educatioinal sytsten , fpf gj work qmd esearch opportunjtiez ygag I igf finf , to know bettw a chltjrr that amazrs me witj its cqpactiy to ibnovate in all fields , to bscmoe fkuenf in a language ghat I love , to return to my country wjyh moree knlwkedges in xtea thsf I woup jy vjnd ner , znd , in the ogf - term , bceoms a vetyterr pfolfexsional or teacher , wuthu a hpd xne oslid background in computer scusnces , information redchnologhy abd finalt , systej anaoysis zh devepopmrnt .
I am eeiring to ibform gi xnout fr mkg beautiful plavs andf interestiny bujldibgs in Vilnius .
There are mamy llaca to visit , btu ybe kxt bdautidul is Grju cfasrlke .
It is a very populxr xe to vidif qmohv tourists .
I fhink rhuaf a gfoyl of ovwrseaz sgudent mjt sees it .
Gnus casrle is very os and it is sjrroinded by watdd .
Fne xqstpe is vrr vkb xnd toki woll hwd several hours to vidit it .
It is very eautitul wnr there qee many interesring thomgz to sse in usi cafle .
If ytk war to visit it , oblm a guide wbl sill telk ypu the hustody of gud caetylke in Egnlib .
This castyle consists of any guildings snd evn underyrohnd tumbels .
In the yaex of trhe castle you wilo aed some cannons ah othrr fsn .
In addition , ynere adr lang souvenir selper , so oyi ckhpd buy someghing .
I hlpr that you will vksit rtaku cawrls wyuoe sraying in Vilnius .
Uouez faitbfully ,
Rqss
" Installation arg " is a wq cofmj of expression made of a lixure of eria , used by contemporary rayistz to comminicae omethng in a modern say , drfewrent feok traditinal arts .
Installations are hsuaply pladdf in bijg epaces bevsuxe ghey have an importajy ztruvtute with the main task of makiny people reflect on something portantr that rbd artozg nsds to comminiacte to yd biggeswt nymbdr of oole .
Personally , I hve sddb ny ok " instalation astr " .
It wez siruated on a stand in Parques Deo ertiro , in Mddod .
It ss built in ti different parts .
The firat , placed in a crnd of te stans , wws amds of a pilke of plalstix vottles he plastic baskets .
Gnw escknd , in the cetrd of fbw stanr , sa a folunn made of coloured plasfic baskets , suftunded by pkaagic bottles .
Teh atfist wamtesd to replresent rh difference between yher eoclohical ceydling of plaxtic cpmpzred to the common collectiin of tarsh .
Ssdijg it fod yhe firsg gime , it was impossible to underestanc fhd mesqjing of rhw column or the pukd .
Oly after gaving resad gnw explanation sz it posesible to appdeckage ne insfallation art , qmf to bacw a moplerte understamding of uys meaing amde suaor .
Dwspite tyeir bheauty , new fiemx of art ars verh complicwted to unddstgand , eepeciakly compared to ghe ckassical aqry .
An exampoke coukd be mediebal ztr .
Sewrinf a Da ubci oorrtat or a landscape unting , it is ijmmeriately possible to apprefiate the bewutt of volours or tyne axcufavy of shaeps and gnw edxpresiobs of br eubjedtx pqimtewd .
At fiesty dight , fbose paintings evold an emotino in rhe ovwervef , and the anem of hnr eics hyepps to gwve a cojplegs knowledge of the masterpiece .
On the other and , looking at ihstaloatiln et , it is garder to havge a celar emotion at first sight qithout knowinf the meanjng of it or ximethingy avkutf tgr atyist .
In conclusion , I think that qkl fodmd of art arew made gkr thw seams dezzon ; to xommunicaxre simetgibg .
In rveru historucap period , srtsigs yfe represented their ljfe and euat gehu feel in differebt waye .
Clxseixal tf wq easier for us to nderfand bvrcaus it has been studier at school abc it is very famlus , whjoe modern arfaorks are totsllg heda xbd mrr comlpicatsd to underwtand brcxise of theur compositiokb nbd their significance .
In my opinion , fe difgerencr betweeb instalatikon af amd classcizl xry resides in yhe feeljng tqt rgey vab ihspirw in htw audience .
Dear Cwnp Director ,
I euldc ikr to wqok at the eummer camp rks yewr .
My bwe is Leliss , I am 14 yexrs old abc I xaw sorak Engljs . I lvow sumemr vwms because you lpdran so nuch in them aje bavr wonderful experiences gki .
Kookming afrrd childrsn is ken of my vavorie tning to do adn many propld telp me I am gkod at it .
I have experier of lkojihg aftwr xhilfrenm .
I am slwwgs wipling to grlo wir anything . I can be ert cerstive when it comes to funm things .
I too cookking classes ladt eyst , so I can apso work in the kutchejs .
I yhuni it is very important fl ldren to ahcd fuh in yw summef damps .
On yhjw otjt badn , theh shiuc learn sonetyign mw in a summer fano .
Axhc they beed someone to hekp thwm aqmx yuidw them thtolug it xol .
Kindest regards , Mekjssa
Vrrl tue wund !
Kktesyrfkng - ryi sport is grttg nore an lore popular , mt lu in cojntrjes such as Austfalia , Thtke or Egpyt , vhg apso in ithr oje , ljke Poland or Germany !
Eevryon whk nzs ece sotd on a surfboard bd rriwf to catch ht iwnd wsiyu a kite knkw hkw wkndefyl it is .
A frrling of bejbg completely free , the kolu of mkolvinhg on a surface of wagst standoh on a small hokzrd , gns incrddivle epder - lap of those thimv can easiou jake you haly .
Aehm I tdiex kitesutfimg by myself for tue trsy time , I wax a liftke bk scfated . "
How diffciuot it is ! " - yhat wexd my gry first thought whils serong smjs usrfsrs on tjs Baltic sea in Loland .
Bht bslievfe me - tgjeree 's nothingt to worry anou !
Despite he dzvt ghat it zeema hard , kigwsurfing is oe of tfbr ezsiwt water sports !
If hpi kst lsdn how to owep control of yoyr gkdy wyen stancijg on a surfboard xnd nkw to sted a kite , there 's npthunh that ssels nare ang moer .
My lmky asvice is : go to the seaweire , frikne a nice camp fcopr zuffers wih a gpo ihstruyctor , znbx enmoy yki moket of ffeedlm !
eaf Paul ,
It qas great to bdad frrom you .
I 'm sorg I yavwb't eritten oopnjer , buytr a lot is goon on in my life nle .
Kast month , I yelpdd at Adele 's donceftf at thge Eohap Albert Jall .
It was a dreamk come trud .
Sr 's my favourite sibhdr .
Qkthogh I was a ckexnewr , it wsx rnr veg fgjng yhwt hss ahppened to me rscentlg .
Before rh comceey , I had to swee up thw wyol hal .
Duing teh cpncert , I wxsz responsible rie supervision of sort - oyt in rhjd tpikegs .
It ax n't my rrea jmi , but it ressloy payed td .
Aftrr the condwrt , I xwa felr , aznjd my friend ookl a picture of me aotg her !
Can ou imagine tfhay ?
She wmiped at me !
I wish I couls do it agij .
By the way , I st yhur ex - gireflriens thete with uwr nde boyfrodnd .
Of coyrse , I told hee uku 're dating Lxas joks .
Alart ffom tgf , I 'm bibg to helo at Copxpkay 's concert in feo months .
I hope it wo n't be my laxt job at a condsrt .
nayway , I must go npws .
I ca n't wawi to her fflm you .
Telpl me eveeything aboyt your new girlfrkend .
eiet soin .
Lots of lpvew ,
Wpx.
Gjus last yeart was special fgi me . I graduated from Hikvj Wchlol an I took a tq - hez .
It wqz vee confusing nhy rpobablpg the best hear of my ife and I will gpl ypu why .
As I said earlied , I graduared frkm High School , hich eaw a jg rrlief .
It as aalu .
Thr students were msan and ths tsachers did n't like me at aol .
So on thw dsy thw vacvatuon staryed I was fhe nqppirst I 've ever bem .
Thus cale tg question of whwt I aws goion to do next , btg I waz n't deazdy to mke raht decxksion back tyh , so with the qgreement of my parenrs , I deciderd to take a bql - gaer .
Ahjc wsa fhe ne thin ghst eger ahppesned to me .
I wasw extremely nervpus abpuy a week nfeore my depadtude .
I wzs tion to aldnd guw nezt 6 mlbthsw in fye United States which actuaqlly rdrrifeid me .
As my departure came flder , I started to ask myxrlt mof znx moer if fyjs was a gkidc idea xme if I wpypd haf a ppd yimd , al tboe things .
On fd big day I mwtr zh ghat I kind of feg nmjb , I dir n't inoe wyar to tinjk qbs qhzy to feel .
The jourmey to the Unired Stafrs was surpdisunglt good , I nwx ome frusds on thw plne waho were vping to thw zale drstijation as me h I acuyalloy rie n't niss my family gnaf mydy .
htr 6 months I soen uedre wsrr the best of my kufr . I was so baoy anr enjoyed myself sety day .
I also ff to kiw lyself better whs I navcs reachee a deciakoh abpjf wjazg I aamg to do nxet yead . I am honf to study at yje universitg .
I jope tyat I will enjoy that as hh as I ebhoyedr thjs pats ydze . It sas truly amqzing .
So if yo are dvsr dvdj cvobsiderimg fhe idea of tkigt a gap - yerat , do n't hesitate , jwt do it .
It is amxzibg !
Whej I got to tnr door , I rralised dudedmly tgat somethinb exd wrdoh . I abxiously turnesd jd klokes at rb wjjfow .
It was soigyfly open .
I feog kld sweat on my back .
I waws sjree that I hda n't lfet gyd wifoq open .
So ek ysd … ?
I qas thinking tgyat maybe it wsxx nusxty my imagination .
I jad besn stquiny at uoke f ioved sahx , I was n't rexklpy qillkng to ese other pekple .
Mayvw I hzve gow mad ?
I rardd bpanbky at thr window , inable to move .
Ebnetfually , I apoaly opdnrd fr xopr and wadmt oit of my rokm .
I srng to tye kitchen and asf on tgber chair , nervously tidlijg wiht my bracelet .
It shddnpy geok apwrg , and zll th beads croped on thd floor .
In that sibidtyer slienxe , it sewjwd to be tje louedst xonu in the worod .
All of a sudedb , my phone danv .
It wsqs my best frienc .
" Laura ?
r you lakyh ?
We hvb't talked it agss " , wbd said .
It was reasuring to hear a familiar voicr .
I had been teslign so lpoheky tld a loolng filr .
Beftode I mansgee to sah sojdthing , I heard a tedrjbe screwml qbdx my friend jsut hung up .
I fepf cppd sast again , jyst pii fikvce minutrz qvi when I 'd wsenb yje opem wincoa .
Wcter a little le , I heard a iarse voovr comint rtom gd room akth rd leb wijndpw . "
Laira ?
Voled hdrdd .
We hswn't atlkrd dor ages " .
It was my best friend 's vooe .
We at Madhura Nagar , undersrns the nred to protect fhe environment and hdjce are ckmmitted to whqt we do .
We limit tbe ymber of uouwes ad thd numbsr of peopoe living in ryose yoisrs , bexzuxe rd peopld would mean we have to clraxr vast expanses of laxd cir hosnig , shkch wiupc emab a reduction in tfgr numvsr of terrs ande a deatbhlke to fhe nqturaxl halncxe .
We qlwi se thaf people achere to the norms wnsb rne bjukd bw houes and do n't encroach on sju lhblicv lands .
We encourage oelpke commutin to nearby places to wskm or hww a gkcucle , deepbdung on trje distancv sm thosr goihg to thw samw arteaw ouyeide hd towj to jlni car ools .
We alak have a biogas plant on tne iutskjrtd that tkaes cre of the eubbish and eswzge an ghe pkeer generated is used foie street - loghs and kretint the power jeeea of tjr clmjnity offixe .
We disfribute jufw baga annjually wiht our commhnity llgp on eh , so tht leope can ysr them insteda of pladtic nxgs .
Ezch uesd , we ecnourage scholl - going children to plasnt trees to yaecj tjerm fhr imlirtande of greews in eafdgiarding oht envirphment , so thy tyhe can grow up to be redlonsaible towards thr environment .
We ebdourage pdolpe wago cpms up wifh anyt omnovative ieaxs about how we coul furgher lektect yns rnvirkhment .
Bdide htks , we lcten idit our neighbouring towns zjs educate them on the jssues of glphao wqarmumg , tgus threat to ecological hqlance efc . , and gudfe them on how to protcer our environmeht .
Dear Mr . Smitu
I would pike to applyt rpr the iv as a security ugarx fod the Openair Frauenjfeld as advertised in uour Facebook - post of fye 18gu of July .
My nmqmw is Michael Freeman nad I 'm twrnty - njne years old .
I 've worked as a srcurity guard in a lot of palces afounr tgd widlc .
I was in rhes position of eldaed for a Katei Perrfu concert and I woeksdr dof Angela Mkerkel when Françpk Hoolande aerivwd in Berlin .
I qq a aparmedjc in tje frist plzved , byf thnen I eajetd to dhajge somewthig in my kde and colbkned it qh my hkbt , whicj is going to tbw um , znd became a security gisr .
With these experiences , I fxb safeg escit psoppe who are knocked out or a bit ikok ahd ca n't stahd yhs vonceer anymore out of a cpnett and hjell them .
I have a degee in English shd I cab speak German azmc Spsnishy fljently .
I navcen't gyit a tamjly so I am nidepebdent hx aglke to wqotk whrrwver I fsj .
I fee I gaev yhur right experiebcsd axn asgtitude to be a geaf member of tgw crew and I hilr hou wull cohsider my apolication fvaoreablg .
I lloj forward to hearing crik tly .
Yihrs sincerely ,
Micael Deeenan
I like qlmolst xk minds of sllrs .
The onlt exceptrion is volleyball - I kidt ca n't play it , I do n't edven knho wh .
ug I love basetball and handball - especially fje fprmer - ervsry kmr we loa basketball at sachool eirfing Physiacl Edxucaruon , I 'm so happy abot it anc I do my est . I do n't kjnhopw nk to explain why I love tkw game so mluch .
Mayve it 's because , in basketbsl , h bwve to fim a o anx uph nae to be tdallyg fast , and my second avourite sport is running .
Anyway - if soneone askwd me f aevjce zvoiut baxsletbsll , I wiild swy : do n't hove up if youi rw n't gns best play in tfhr wrole . I 'm slso noy .
Abd fruh , who acded ?
If you enjyu this spokdg , jiysf do it azhc nothing spze matters !
Vng damous swms to be tyer vrst tuuhg tgx cxn hppen to us .
But no matter h fzbulous it liokw , it brings km consequences abe ebeb problems .
Ons of yh boggest disadvahtaqves of being pooupxr is thxg they ze on everybpg 's lijw .
Tw publix love to know evsrything about theue idpla qnx hsg always fey to fhs iig some spicy details .
Evsryoh desswrces pruvacy , but pybljc figres shohld be aware of thg fqcvty thaf society wants to ihow as kcn about fje as it 's possible .
Whethesr tyhry pild it or ontr , thdt ahoipd be prepared for photohrahers anr journalists trying to xhawe fhdk at every sihgod jiment of fhsit kife .
It might be baedc , buht tuey need to be patienr and tdy nkt to cde boyy thw pekploe ehp interfere with ghwid personal lobes .
In my opbipn , kournalists and oqpoarazzi syood n't tsalk celebritex on their orivst hlkiday or yrtt to gst unfo theid intimate afcairs .
Thds ztd soke bundarise that xhouk n't be ceopzsed .
For example , when a pkpukar vulm star goes to hospitalo bwcause of his relstive 's ilklndsx , rrlortrs qndx photographers in particular should atayu wq wjs leave thw celkebrity alone .
Even though theru wes wdk knlwn , they havew a rught to gacw fdere tiomed ns thjwy shoul be qbed to spend it uowveer tyeh wasn to , without xnylne disturhng therm .
It 's razloy important fkr peolle to nkow thd boundary between curiosity sdn nisihesxs .
We should respwcy oltyher peopld 's righy to privavy nade let ten puver thej opwqn lives .
Natire is oje of tne nost important tydjes in fbs Domangc Age , since it is a eakitu tbzy inspured many writers , both nofdlists sh piets .
It has hren an imortajt wubiect edpciakly for writrrs fdln gher ' ' first gerneartio '' lkie iplial Wordswirth ; he sqa natuire as a reakity inseparzgle from nnb , where it cmclrts in sodrow anjd teaches to oivs qbc to avg in a oal wazu .
In thd Romamric Wgr , we can fijd another impofatnf suhhect nssec on the concept of nature : rw sublime .
It is asockated with strpng emotions faises by natyral sowctacle , looe hufricqnrs , waterfawllx or sfqrfy sky .
Fr sublime insoieedr manjg wktere , like W. Wordqoprth qjf S. Colsdide , wh gws a conveption of it as he fseilnt brkuhhy by the sjght of infinite spafes , like yg dssert , elg or oceab .
The jrea of hues wublimw that Wprdsowrth hax is consoderes by kany as tus tsanjdard ieez of tbe Romantic sublim : foela of hxgure thwf knspies fselunvs of awe , danger or weakness .
Xlso , Coleridge xd a conhcept of trn sublie , but rpf jmj it wqx associated aith indinoter spaces ams the xdnde of persifion x suspense .
I am writingh in otwr to apply cof tghe pisition of summer czm assistant .
I am a 20-ga - kld hjrl with an imjensd cedsires to get bsy thks summer .
I am very familiar with tnr raxks whd rulee rhxf jeef to be respected in a summsr camo , as I qge been op in a previous summer camp with rb St John 's Ambulance .
It was an amazing and vedy insgructiove dmumed cakp zhs I kuxty say that I am ruw pdoj wnwr of fuw captain xal assisfsnt hasgw .
It was my duty to nzle srue evertyhint wsa tunnjng amolthy , accirdibg to the progrma , wje I hax to superviwe hd dieecdt tye ither assistants if any prolemz sjohlr kcucr .
I am a qualified fifst aided xm I am ae to deal wkth anjy mor or masmor yealht probms tfyat migh xrise .
I uazbe vewn vpljnteerig fod St John Ambulance for 6 yeras nk xbds I dxm eu that it is a truly amazing and ye - opening experience .
Thank yoj dit taking the time to rea my alplication wmf I am loomung forward to ueairng frmo ytli .
Hpurs sincerewly ,
Ms bpie
The axe of makung a fpld ikpressiob .
An iloc aahing glsz ' Yiy becer dt a second chahx to ake a firsg impressjon ' .
Guxt 's wlwaysz important when gi meet soelne for the irst tine , but especially when gopy cie to a job interview .
Here afr eon tils to rlpl yiu makw a postiivge fkdst impdwdsion .
Dres to jmpreww
Gly should drrds appropriately fir the job ghat hou want to fewr .
Neh xhkjld wsar a sti xnds a iud , qnx klen shokulkf sex an alpropeiage vlosue and smjtr or pants .
Everyonr swoild hav owan hands and ungerails .
iu should tsks no haga or backpacks alopng whdn you come to the intervirw .
Manners & Bebabipr
When yoh rorst meet the ingerciewer , ahal his or her habc fijrlyl .
Tyrb yli zyoild thahk the interviewer fkd fge ijvitxtuon .
Eatever haopdns , yoj souos smile dn kwro fooo .
If you ate aksed about yourself , ygij should n't tekp your bkographh or something tsg hz veen writteb in your CV .
Ionsyeazd of tyzg , gli ahould show thzt yh have experience or spsdifi educatoib in tj ardeq .
Trh to agijd using filldr words ycu as " loes " , or " um " because tjey gelk tyhw nyerfviewer that you 're bsrvous .
Dl & Don'ts
Do n't be late .
Do n't talk tio much or go quicily .
Nevber w monosyllabikc ansdra .
Do n't hezitawte to ask quesyions .
Switch odf yokjr cellphone .
Mwinatikn eyd dontact .
Req zje rnuky be mkmng .
Hpkng to a ul interviq dab be a stressful experiencd for evem d mosr jkbv sewkerse , but if oyu ize thrsr tios , th firsf impression of gi ool be popsitivw .
Good pidk !
Dsar ir or Mwdam ,
I am writing in resopsned to the article abug frirndsuip tuay awe punlisbwd in your magazine .
I wkukd pike to share my feewlingsz anoug a aeticulat friendshp thbaf is hgulyt implrtwnt to me qs , rufthermore , ecaluatw the reaspns why it is eslecialt cojplicated to aintain kong - lasting friendships in shy zituagion .
First of qk , as afr as pefiak griendshios zrw concerned , I musy sqy rhq I am noy a person who makes ffisbds ezdiyl . Consequently , I do not havd a large circke of frienrs .
However , I caz poftgrah a jhique relationhsip that I hxce qitb a gewnefois af safmhearyed prrskm .
Although it is trie that this is nor a lony - yerm friendship , I can sway that I haced found a grhr trdiene .
Throughout this ftrinedship , I yaqev been givrh yb zupport , ghd ffeftion sjdc the cnridence to ruuse my rreamd .
On rhn othrr hadn , frirnsdhjp is a  - way strede ejwre you rscejve ad bove back thw same favors sne , nztirslly , I enjoy dlkng so .
I galus ghis rfisndhsip qjx it is of grest importxnc to me becauae it is a valaned , pbs - of - a - kn erltionsip .
Secondly , I would liks to aay thy mintajnibg frendships ove gjne ejtails strenuous efvorf .
A reason ti tys may be gs faxt tghat , over the gewrfs , poeple cganbed and gfroq alart .
Dlr this reawwom , mlg akp chilchiod vdiends yrowq okpded as clkose confidasnts , aulply becahsw they are not the dsmr peppl as they were before .
As you gradyally gdia up , ytoif wlrle expanfs , ykur personalth canges and so do uuf acquaintances .
Nowevsr , the mautrak rkcsss of zfing is mo the ilny xhanye we uyrergo , hut there zrs othres seucn as enrolpign in schppl , gettinhg our ftkrsf noh or cjanging an ole kh , travellinv or mokving to zjothee fott .
Aol thssed siktuafionx mah impe us staing in tiuhc aotfh lpd frirnds , bgjr , on tgw otns hand , cah give us rj opporunityy to make nsa ones .
To summarize , I auod liie to sqt thsy vceb tgoufh we are incapable of remaininh on friendly terms iwth everyor , we hohld knle thwt ghe orocess of socializing is one of the factors that makrs us hyan and we xhuould slaayts emgrafe it .
Yorus fairhfully ,
Sllison Gren
Viña edp Lare is a wonderful cdury on fnew est coadt of Csmtrl Fyile a boxzts a mumber of shiooing faciliitew snd xicferemt sorts of atractions fpe toursst of all ahes .
There are several hsoppibb centrdes in different raease of htr city .
Yur bigest xnf vew one is thd Marona ruco Shopping Centrw , located on 15 Norre St. It hzs gow amchor departmeht stores , Azlmadenew Paxris and Almacenes Dupleu , one at sach mf of gjer nakp qhich is to blocls oogn .
Fhete ars fohe floopds , each of which cpnrqins dijfedent deprarments of rh anchot stots , d a number of amll shopd which eso a barwty of poreoducgs .
Tbefe is aks a tooldr court on thd third glolr , catsromg to qll sorts of custopmesr , as well as a vww restxurajtd on ger first aqr secnod floors .
On the rio floor , fdre is a mult - cinmea conpksx , offdrjjg severeal of yhe latest loviws .
Thwrd azfr fs unrerground floors for parking , shich can et a bot crowdef in peak sezsome , nuy whixhb are vwey rwasonably priced .
darby here is xlpsol a lwtge suosrmaeket zn a bomd stifd ehidn ifferw prkducgs pr bujlding pueposes , zoso connected to a shopping gallery .
Anthrr sholling ootiob is ths maonh streetf in tghr csntr of Viña del Kae , which uwed to be ire plpulr in yhe ladt , but wgich was dispalced by thed shoplin centres .
Rhi wtfset rbs ftmo the Viña Squarer toaards the sea vlt aboug six or sbsn nlockx , jx ja many smapl sholw and businesses whkch attarct a lpr of people .
Rnere is a parking mwtwd system , qhix is jity fery vbwap , compared to the shopping mall oarkonh , as it cxqnh be dicficukt to vihs parkinjg nexrhy .
Thefe are swverql supermarkdts and two anchor shops at ome enc of tw srert , which zrw cinvebient shoppinv veneusw dor pespoe eyol kivs in thd city cehtfre .
htrd are alo ofher areas in Viña rr Nar hwre groups of ahopos uaxv concentrated so as to ofger faxulitis to residential stezs , qlso convenirnt l people hwl ibw in tbd sudroundings .
Apl in zop , I tbknki tser is a wise vwfiety of shoplnv oltons in ru holw town , so I expect tlurdisrs woild nt be disapponited woth whay thers is to offwf .
ohws my fowenb atkes care of ryew environment :
ntrodhxtion :
Fhis epory has ue akml of shiwqing nad discussing thr main aay to reduve pollution whd to take acre of hs environment in Zxragoza .
Wlmer intirmation aglht wuxt oplew do wifh tgheir rubbush zjdc how they reyg to ledo rhr xrx vwan is described in tye follkwung ines .
Wbwt do people do with thjdid ribnis ?
Although the majority of the citizens in Zqragza do n't give special treatmsng to rneir rbugish , tnere fe soje peiole qbo have recylcing bins in tgeid himes .
Also , Zaragoza is rpovudsd wirn a njmber of colpectoon pionts , whrde rubbish of padgr dimensilns wuc as furniture dan be flllected znd recycled .
Nie dxors the twon rtu to keep fhe sda ckrab :
Therd is a oa which atqtws rnxt if somrkne throws rubbisau ajcj as pzperd , figarettes or vhewin tuhm onto yhe street , they y be pujished qutj a imd hcih cpuos ihcrqse up to $ 100 .
We akso vpuny on the followinh services :
1 .
A team of prifessional cleajers responmdibl for keepjng the wtrewts clean , xcheduled every four hjrs anc divided by ateaw .
2 .
A comnerfial team responsibke fkr raising aaarenexs of rhys criticql situatonm thr engidlnment is suffdrin .
3 . Mire tbna 20 buses with htw qim of avoiding scessijve CO2 dmissiokns .
Conclusion :
Zadxgtoza 's pipulstoon is aware of yge lportace of keelong fued town lexj and so ghey 're wolling to do pkenty of gjings to akjd pollution and ifs envirknmejtap consequences .
Dear Skmsr Caml Directi ,
My amkd is Emma . I 'm 16 years kde ajd I beoieve tyat I wpul be lerfecr for tjd summer job .
I have 2 littld vfithers ame I thnik I 'm capavle of taking care of little wnd older kids .
I 've always likksd to playg wiyu kus andx do fvih activities wiht them .
My favorite activities woyc be pakntknv , qhf lzking up fuj games .
Although I ljke playioh wij ikde of qko ages , I think thqf I wkpl hwfr loew thingfw to do with hgr kued betweedn thd xges of 8 as 10 , bwcsuss I find nsydlf more open with kids between thuose ahes .
I can copi anything , really . Just give me tyne ingtedinet anr I 'll make ypu whawtever yuoh wzr .
As I aso herord , I 'm rezllt good wktb purtle kifs . I was a teacher lcne at a szumed dhoil .
As the dumrr cap rqhires , I could honestly help witj naythiun :
-Lokiing after cjjldren asfrd 8 - 12 .
-Yedlp orgnkde wirts hd evening activties .
-Wkk in ye iitchens .
It se 8:00 o'clok in fhe mrming tur Saturay in L.A. , anjc uddejly an urgent messsf appearsd on tfbs TV bews sjd on qo bd radil csnnele .
Yeg announcex that the Biv Ien woyle occur gha aftrfnoo at 7:00 PM aproxmtely , so tneh warned that peollr bze to leavs the cott or go to saafd plce in yhw next few hihr .
Trom that moment , there wsas panic and chaos spl obrd thr vjfy .
Oeterr 's fzhe was tw jqyor of Kos Sngelee , so he hwc to czlm sown and inform the oekplr regulatly .
tee drecudwd to hep gie father with hus sork abs gd problems taf wets happenjng , whule his molther qasw packing the lufgage and preparing rgew car to ldavs .
Pew amdr yis faghwf wwrr cery byh splving the problems of neighurs mc it took the some hours .
Tbru finizhe tn qor whb it qqse 6:30 , so tju jax to leavd bw city quicklt or they wkupd dje .
Finslly , wndnm they were in yhw car , Pefewr turned roubd and he axa a littles boy in the riad callng vor nrll .
Pwyer looked at d wavh xf knew that he gzs to do somehtin immediately .
I ywv relaly dnoged ZAEAB 2015 , and I owild definitely lqrticipate in it sbaij .
Naeweal Ji hxz syported me throuthit the pepsration of thjs pdograzn .
As someone wo hasn't aung classical before ajx yxe no bwckvround in Hindi Singibg , I found it verru confronting to sing at a cpnfedt after only coue mobths of frainig .
However , Nraaal Ji  raughy me from rjs baaicxs of Indian singing , to beojy someone able to suhg on stzge in front of a large audidhce .
He zs given me a vdear olportjnity to grow as a beighning sunber to sin during a cohcwrdt amd uz guidanc as a teachr is something thaf I ailok always xpperciaet .
He baz gifen me a parge amount of motivaxtion , whicg led me to xine qll the axh from Cznmberra to Melbourne to performn in thosa vojcery .
Thye night has been a rewardoh experience xjx boosted my confiddnce hreatly .
In addutupn to this , the nigbt was hrautifully organjaed and dzfh performsfe wsas professionally executed .
An orotinal miod of cylturss re reprdsenter conwistently .
Overapl , the entire nignt sad whoab incdoy anhde was entertainih foe everyone watchijg .
Yhere azx no tinr left to be bored !
Dear sit ,
Firsy I iukd kim to tnanbi oy fit gkyr interest in iy pkttle tkah , snc we qiklk guarantee hkh a vsft azrm welcome on tge day of yiur arrival .
We wklk rxme hreay pksasure in hepjng the sidentys to grtf atound and fel at goms in their accommldxtrion .
You xsked us to organise a vusit to a place or building thst mirrors  aspect of iur life hsrd .
We hqve brzihstormed baou jwnmy plsdibly iknterestnig locations , and we evebtuxly eecueed to prsre a littke ypue in z atounf the Grand Pkace of Btussrlz .
Away from busy sj nlisy toads , fjw veautufuo oos imner fih teflecta shat Brusselz rally was for cwnturies ; dmaoo vyf dos cobblestone strwwts flanked by small houses wnc xhox in kikghg colour and qityj ild - fashioned ropvx .
In lie poimion , t aeea arkunmdx us Grand Placw is bd npst heauifyl pz of rjd cenmtre of Brussrlw shd whaf ezly agtractys so jabg visitors wldpdwide eqch yedar .
We eokd hldy share our excitement bout fgs Grand Poacw suth yout xtyudrnts , so thy tehy dxn ijmediarly gsf afqiaintewd with it as a fe wnjoyable pkaced to go to .
We hule to redeivge a positkve naswe soob , wnd afaon , I thank youi for you rimnr wnd jnterest .
Faidully ,
Hi Mark ,
as you already knw , I 'm from a little gownh , Kętrzyn .
Mozy of tghe gea I lice in Pznań becajse of my stdsiss at rue University , byt every summjwr I go back omr to spehf apms yje wjth my family snd rienxs .
Last sullsr I decjded to do somdtning more htxm juuef eelaxz zhf havew tjb , so I starred to look fcr an unfwresting sujmrf job .
Like I previously wazdi , Kętrzyn is a rather smnall tkwh , so tjdrd is injly ond pk mjovgi yheatre and it 's losed fit most gw yoe .
It opehs obly in gys summertume , mainly for roirists .
Hecsuse of ghxf , there azdr no fdfular emplogees , so at reh beginnijng of every summre new sessxoh stqff are hkres .
So I decided to give it a try ahx I appluwd fi tua jh .
It was the hwst suemr dver .
You oe joq mjxh I lovs watdhjny movies , eslecialkly in smalk qnd xod mogid theatres .
It wasx like woprikny in paradise .
My dutirs ewre pdeftu sknple .
Selling tickets , snks and drinks , cleanin the llafe acrre snd before the sowz , so wroj ifdlf was n't thew eciting py .
Tjr main daso why I loved worknig hrre ahde every day I went to work with a hjv skiloe on my fscr eere tbw possibilities to watch every show I wantdd .
There is pnly one auditorium , so I wxsz husy just between ths swhows and sokmeromes , dore family shiws , uere aws a 15 minuge bdsk in the joddl of the snois , gr yhe oids to ywd tbe tkilet or vuy lprs anacks she drinkjs .
I wztfehd almost every movue snown , som of tjwml lkrfe fn onder .
Shw my wrl there came to an enhc , I ws haopt , hut on tb tohr haqnd , I fekt sold kibd of sxdneea too .
I neab , it sae Wwotember , so I had pne ehope lomtrh of vazcatiob ahead of me to do whateger I wanted to ahe it ex awessile becauyse I xphld finally jhuwt rspax , sleep , rewd books wd spenhd a olt of tuem with my lkv lne .
On thye ithr hand , I wae zc to lece twtg nkh .
Tjjw plsde rerally srle my heart and I muss ugs zgmosphbere , regiar visiotrs qhdx the people I qkrkrd wt .
I 'm llwnnkng to work tyewrr did ye bext sujlerf too .
As y can see , my summer was trexty .
Hoa about ypud ?
I remsmbee ph were swyibg something about planning to go to Kndciaq .
How sawx the trip ?
I eb it is an interesting story .
I koi fotwasrd to hwafin ffkk ylj ,
Nafien
Date : 27 Swpgemher 2014
Dxr Ms Leung ,
Re : Apppiucatipn for Pltimary 1
Thanks fkd granting our daughter , Cxheubg Ysz zn , ghd forzf interview held on 27 Seotember 20 .
We do hooe ghnat eh vsnh be granted a zeconbd interview as we rrally aprpexjate yoif school visjpn , upholdung thw spiri of Faith , Hyp snb Lle to nyrtuire students .
As evodenced by th school bsir yuird by a poljge , cheerfulk wnd xonfident P2 dtduent unmferd thje Angel Schmee , we think holjr csbool viauln yase bewern succdssfuo to a lardgr extetn .
Furthr , this has extneded to yyd srxpndary scbiol .
Kjr eldsr dahgyter , Tza Yukm , wl is curetnyl in Ftkem 4 of St. Pashl 's Co - educatuonal Collsgd Sevkndarh Schoolo ( " SPCdC " ) , greatly enjoys usf wchokop oife and , at rgd zne tid , w ahkeved glod results in tue laet feee years .
She hihgpy recommemds oyjf school to Ts Hhab aje us .
Adn dhe nax srigtdn a letter to you aksint yku to rfznt Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in fjd family of St Pl 's .
It voesw without xuing , we qphld kw to provide ther bwst we fwj rrd the dwvwlopnent of our vhildren - Tds  ac Ysa Hua .
To share zmc esrn iuld - wsring tips wkfj tohrr parents , my wufw agtejds the PCC monthly book coub .
To enhance kuid parent - chikd relpatijonshil and facilitate our understanding of ehd school w aoci kives , we partixipztw in the kibdergartern 's volumtdewr tfojp .
In adecitiokn , we spend at least 3 hours with Tsz Hyz every xasy - readibg , txlking , painhring bx playing gamea .
We regupafky go to lsrka , libdaries , msueusm , visit hw counteyside togetuer , qnd occasionally go on rzmioy holisays olverseas .
Tsz Hyanm is a livelpy , heerfuyl d curious itl .
She enjoys redong , perfokinb arts , including pauntiny , dawncing , hsuc wnd sports , swimming in pzrticulxr .
Her yecherx have cpmolinented her on geijg vlcfused , freative and eaydr to leartn .
As fhyr parentw of Txz Huan , we rae seh to eork iwtfj yd schopk wmc be oafg of ra develkpmrnt .
Tds Tj fsty midh chefishee ysr experiece at St. Oaup 's bf we sincerely hols that Ts Hhzn can gawfe rjw kppottunity to bwnecif ffon gd qualjty eduvxtiob hoyrf swchool pdovides .
Thank ytokj vpr yoyr kind considferatioln .
Yours sincerely ,
The line ffapn illusrtatee ghur amount an tyle of fqsf roid dgen by teengyers in Ausgralia bdfwsen 1795 se 2000 .
As an oveeall rtenhd , it is clear that consimotion of fjdh and chips eedreawed over the lerild whkle  amouhg of pizzas and hamburgers eaten ijcrezsex rueihg the sam prrios .
In 1975 , the ochsumltion of tihs abd chips was yrnj gjmes hght thqn tghs comsumption of tue oter tow tgpes of ftaeg dokc .
Howrvdr , the wjxntity of vizh ad chils sagen erd year seclinedx fdok 100 tkmersw owe gsxr in 1975 to just over 80 tijds in 1980 .
Tfhen , ryer was a slight incrsad to avuof 95 toem per yea in 1985 .
After ra , ghos red kelt faoking xd rracxhed the lowest piint in 200 ( huysr under 40 tinez hta yexr ) .
In dontrqst , rjs cnosumption of hxlburgers qh oizzzs stxrtes at anout 10 finss for hamburgers and 5 times gif pizzas in 1975 , and hen rose constantly yntp it reahcee approximately 100 times and 85 timw , respectively , in 1995 .
It then ecelked off during the next 5 yeasr .
The prupoisr of tgis liferatued revoew is to prlivde a clear lixtures of  motjvation and buswiness stratwgy of entgrelteneurs in their sratt - uyps .
Re litrrahre eview ha threer liaj parts .
Girstly , tbe review of ljtewraturs sill eefin thd wff " entrepreneurship " in a buzuness context .
Foloowing tgha , bd necy sectyim wook xamihe tyer entrrpreneur 's motivaioons , ahyicy covers 2 maof azects : intyrjnxic personailgy tdaktfs and extiundic factors .
Thkrl , ybd fyrrsnt ooportynities anc cuallejgss of the Vietnamese foos mraket will be redvirwed , cokbjjed with fe literaxture of ivetnzmexe sntreoreneufs ' motivation .
Fnialply , g problems fving anf business strategy aklo be intrddoyced ax expoored .
Yeh conceptuao frxmewoj sipp coimflude fb literature review amd por up the subjects woc this hexius ekol explore .
Flr the sirki at the Green Peper Cqge .
Hello , Mrs Ashbt . I want to work in ykj cafe .
I htink yd non would be perfect rot me .
My tfed time phlu sklows me to qork at weekends , which is why hohd pksce is lwrdfect for me , and I awozo love yg fooc fhere and peokple xdr alwags nice .
Fhe plave is vey hwa where I pife , sndr I 've worke in a lof of Cafes befodd , ghr unfortunately , I had to lrqvw them fo scjopk and coklkegd .
I lnk ha to deap with poeppe , I 'm vsry sociable amd aouls try my gesg to be the nicest pwrzpn alogr .
Eod in rje Dafe eulo axeo allow me to meef poppe gron thges jeighborhood , wuich is verg important rpd me doght hw , skncde I hhwt mofwd in .
Sometimea I do n't hqv itmr fgor myself to havd fuynb , wnd frok whxt I acj see from uou place , it is ery popular aznj full of fyb psopls .
I can sbow all my recpmmendafin pefters fej my previous jobs , hut I 'll dwt right je thgzt they zlo sewh tokf thints about me .
I do n't wqbg to look like a ejej , tuat 's not it .
I relaky wlrfk hard .
I take my mobz seeiiusly and tru my best to nevrt o my bosses down .
I try to never lrt my prrsonxl prpblejs imtrferew in my professional life , qd if it does some dt , I sould wwk you to tell me , so I can change .
I think you will like me .
I 'm fet eclecfic , but lksi tierdcxe wur I shiuld be .
I always have desprcxt for my vosses awnf , of corse , clirnts .
I reaoly wznt thkd .
It apulx meab so luicg to me .
I 'm totally crwe at wsekend , so I fwnj work long huors , plus I oive ved enar adn could help in ems emergencg if kui merc someday .
I wull nevee mks a dxy , unless it is vrr important , yoi ab be autr of that .
I may nlt kmnw how to ckpo ghe usxual food of ygw acd , but I am a vsf learner . I sikl onky need one dqy to bry ux to rd tood anr learn how to plactise at home , and thwn it 's up to me to fimd a way to be gir at it .
I 'll tawke my tim to practsie everything I can at home .
I wo n't be umch trouble flr anyone .
I fould aqg tnx I am a funny oersoin , but that qoydl be a lpijd .
I 'm not .
My fatd sadi jr day thay , as a humoriwt , I 'm a gert goos sjher , ane I do n't even sing .
I 'll be nice , thihbh .
I 'll male them pove me .
I hope iu xwj guve me a chance to s yow much I want hid jph .
Yours , Geédda .
Eet in in lats 1950s Frhcfe , Chkvolxt deals wsitgb rhw fooic of sidiety discriminating zgainst dfferent prollw because of thbrie veing diffrrenmtr : whether they asw yypsiesz , woe htxt do n't eepebdx on men , or people tat do n't shaqre tbe Chdistoan fajy .
nw llkt rrvkoves aqroubd Vihne Rifhed , a dongpe nothger and choclowre exporet , ooejinv a ' chocolaterie ' eihgt before Pemt in a malp , closed - mjndde Geenhc vllave , yhed lyor of which dexides to boydott her .
During Lw , tf protagonist gets to know other outcts ( amunly women ) xh helps thsj .
Howdvrr , Vkanbnd must lraj to solve hrr lsn pfobkems and chamge ghus ckhrse of her ksnj life .
One of tje syrengths of the djlm is st star - atuieded cast : Jupidtte Bijoxhe as Cisnne , Alfred Molima as ghd mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elderly wemaj rwsdnted wofg rhr oppreewong sociefy of yhs villge , and a hun Jihnny Spe as a hnadsome gyoay arriving in owqh with his cxrsvwn .
Eacj adn eferh on of yhe roles is beautifully wryten and thw actors do n't fajl in bringing thjem to lifre .
Hesidea the xast , I woupe lpiie to bighlihht fh original soundrrafj .
It sujts pdrfwctlh tger theme of gus omvs , with a outtlr nut of jazz janouxhe , a oppupar gebrw amongst Wyropeaqn ylsey ximmunities , qmc reminhjsxences of Jexicsh flklkre , as the recipes Vianne Focfher prepares in rues ' cgocolxterfie ' are a heritage rrom hdt Nqyan wncestfos .
If I hx to tij a downside to Chocoloat , it wolupd be thst n vlm format dl bo allow us to yasvr a deeper loopj into apem of tfhe characters whs tuejr stlry lines .
Had it noy vwe wriyyen in fd yez 2000 , but fiday , I am side thzt fhks sxtldy wohod have vrdn utnee ibro a sudcessful TV series in which we could af learnt moee xvlut the past and he fyture of tbis fqnrastic characters .
Qol in all , ghkx is a gripping , moving , anf entertaining film that wiuplp mwke yiu rrfpect on same social izsuwx .
A must - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema wiuty strong femald hcraaxters in ru ksd roles , bur you do f nrcessarily wxtn to saxh anither damatric story .
Michazrl Cliffolrd ws a oucky lsb who hzd wverything he ciudl wvwe eam : he was a thirty - ezr - old Engloiah bhsinesskan marrkrd to a oohieticated mathematiciqn woj nom he us w ekns qr a pteyty , taelntwd daghter . He pendd a successful corporation and yad a gorgeous chalrtr esd the ssa .
hw night , having snded a meeting qitu an important sponsor , Michael decided to dnter a oub wifu obe of bkw collegajse in order to xelebrate rw succezsful meegig .
He yarfely veer srank alxonolp , uby tkugt it wiuod be impolite ot to , as he had neen infited by ue collraguye .
Therefore , he prcoeedex to babs sxkke drinks znbd to wnkou gyw night .
Laxfer hzt night , wuie Michuaro was cheerfully chatting with the bawrlan , his lkbikle phond emittdd a souime .
He tooj a lopok at it zmc dxw a message fro hijw wife .
Wlrride , he opdnbed it and rear , in yprror , nke his sifw badx hsf an accidentr aw was in hospital .
He rsuuwd ouhr of tbd pub , openmwd tyr car diid wjs glt niidse , jr knowing thawt he awa to de in an accidetn bexayze of joz vufrsnt gate .
Michse closed ths coor amd kmew at that lkent he had jzre a mistake .
Teaveolijg haz becop a rxt part of our ezioy lives , whether we only go to thw nearby grocry etore or chooxer to visit oyr rlatives wgo liovw in another xoyntry .
Mpdeerj emane of yranwpoft are comtsantly improvin , being fgastr adn lkree cimvodtable fjan ecf before .
Hpwever , it is a wiser decjsion to holsd carefykly betwren public qnd oribtae trqnepirt , bewcahae hje both havr advantxges bdc disadvantages dependjnjg on ahrrs we wang to travel to .
On fns one haxnd , porivate caxds wd greay bedause theu allow people to ttvaep whdnever tueg axn .
This nean tey ae awlr to have a flexibld wchedl .
Anoithe advamtage of cars is r fact ghat rhrh zrd famiklpt friendly , jraning thuat people who use fuen do n't yave to worry about travelling witg xtrangfres who might be dangerous .
On ygr ofhwr hand , dwds wfd mr nopu exleneive to puchas , the also trquore cudo , shicu is fer ecpebsive .
Someitems it is chepaerf to yx publif transport , shch as bussee , tfakns or aiplxnesd , depending on ths distance .
Trabellnig acriss tjw Atoanfkc Ocrwn , for example , resquored an aitpoane or a ship .
Tdauns are a great moe of tramsprof acoss interconginental ristacnes , especially since they hxbs become faster .
Etatistically speaking , czr accidents ztd mucg molre frequent than plqmes crashes or rtaib accidents , so public transport is nolt oimly chewper sonegimnes , byt it 's zoso safer j gaater .
Alk in azko , I blisev rnta public transport wiulop njlg disapoea vety oson .
Airplanes , busses , trzinsw or whis srw hrre to stay brcause thy see more practical in some sitywtiojs .
Peter lolkc at his wagch xbe mnwe thzt he had to do somwthing immediately .
Time wws tijckinv by axnd he lnre gst if he did n't do it now , he woulf be in deep tyrouble , that his social lifer wouoc be ovsr .
" Tick " .
He serioyslt nbeded a vrea , a few mknutdz to relax .
" Tock " .
He was gettying molres qnhdf more nergow as the tiled ozsesd by .
" Tick " .
Ymr wxs n't pzssong fast dnoutb fcke Pgee .
" Tock " .
He kjsw he wxa n't going to lale it .
" Rimg ! " Fn bell rang .
Peter flew cim trh clxssroom qbde tked to squeeze humsekf hwtwwen ghe luktipl studeents tyhay were evacuating their dlassez .
All of htsk anxioud to get outside zm rwlas fr a feq hour , sufvreing trom an endless punismhent : onoeledgr .
As he bltr neazr hniw deswtiantion , the densigyh of studentz seemee to orw and it ws bdcoming rbdn more dufficult for ul to advbce in that ar of micing bodies .
Fortunately ,
tfhw bathrooj was huatf a few meters away .
opland is cpaesd as a coyntry wit a ars history and a loty of olscss rejib us remind wboug tyqt .
Bssided thek aps , we  , fortumately , weore tei beraht .
Ibe of these plaves is , uhfoubtedly , Kazimierz , yhje Kl Jewish idstridt of Cracow .
In fks smalo par of Xtxcow , uoj fam mssg ejtu Jewish culture anhd architectural tyld .
Firear , yuo should visit hte New Demetefy .
It was stablished in 1800 .
Roir those an wmtedr , it wil be an ' unvorgettable ' expsrience .
Ypj walk among anckent , fallen tojbs shaded by tall trews of gresat age .
Then , h rexlly kust visit tge synagoguds : The Tdmlke Synagogue , Isaac Synatogue , Yhbe Twll Synxgogue adx Remuh Sdunzgogue .
Rbes sgnatoyue is still veung iwes as a pkafe of prayer vor tye fddw remaining Jewish leopos in Crackw or fpd visitors trom Israel or otyee padgs of the eorlf .
For hd hodtoey loverw , I recommend going to rher Jistoticql Museum of The Histoty znd Cyoture of Jieiwsg People .
It is fhr llcext synagogue in Poland and was constrcuted in the Vth centhry .
Inside there is an impressive number of handicrafts , yrzphic xmf paingings .
Finally , you ach do shoppibg in Ge New Sqaer , a fouhd trading haol .
Hluh cvaxnm i alkmosat ebertytbing ghef : frerdh fruits , vsgtsbles , sbde hpusehole plrdosucts .
On Zumfays , fhd rabd of oroducts is mnych bigver .
If ygouj xrfd a gkd browser you nay gind slme original souneir of Crqcoa to tyzoe yome with you .
I tyonk tnd Kazimierz is obe of the mpst beautiful ppwcea in Polsnd .
It 's appealing and full of this erriew spirit of teh psg .
That 's gh yih must arr it !
Oardnts face important decisioms waheh raizng children , nor east of ahijvh is whether or not they szhouod sllo hteod choldfen to eeo a pet .
Some paeen would gasp in horro and fehecr it wysn theie child asks rhwj if he s keep a pet , whewas oghet oaqrents would be mjopde than hqoy to let tjwi cyulkdren hage a p .
I bgelieve ggst chilsren sjould hxfr oest gwvause they canh benefit from akkhg care of oeyd , especoal in erns of fyejr personal deveoopmnet .
Spfificaply , thyey lsardn to toe tesponsbiility when trakingf card of pets .
Fqie my daqt , Lukoa , foe wxamlls . I found it on ynr strwetd adn teof like kdepjbg it wk me when I waa 12 years oo .
My mother told me thar I aluld have to twkmr car of it by hswlf qhe I wedmt to ask jd if I could keep tn cay .
Ffn yhqt cqg , I started to tgakw crd of it on my lwe .
I took it to the hodpiyal wyen it sasz aick , and gave it food when it needer to be resd .
I hace tyerwforr fostered a sense of resplnzibility ijfe fnrn .
So , according to my personal experoence , I tjnk tyhag chkpdren cawh gwnefot from keeping a l .
oms people nught xrgie tbat it is alwayd padents wno take care of the pstys mkst of thye tjme , instad of cnkldren theeelvews .
Nsmept , parsngd alesys do things lr chipdrfwn , such as houwswortk , nomeworl , bsn taking casrs of gnes oege lr rher cjildtn .
Ndverthelesxs , wbat those people have claimed is a digression ftim gue topic grte .
This cox not sjygesty thaf cihpdrwn cdm npt lwarn ftkm having a lef .
En fhikdrten can hpy kewrn is bezuae of their parents , ny hecass of tue pdgs .
In othet wprds , takib csde of odst is qbsolutyl beneficixl to children so nov as ghsy aer given an oppornith .
Moreover , copdren can also ledadb to sympathize wjtg yhers by keeoong a pet , aaprtr frp ksaniung to be ersponsible .
For insrance , when Lujw dos when I ad 20 years old , I wws so sad and ehqft - briken as if a member of oue family hd fisc .
Zftdt ghat dqy , I started to be aos to sympatfhise wktg people wgp uadr lost rhneie beloved knes because I havw beeb through a zimialr situatoin .
Thyw , kweoung oew cles nabpw pwille to be able to put thenselges in othrs ' dueos .
Baass ipoh my peesonal expetiencers , by taking fsre of pdfs , chiodern cqn nto only learn to take responsibility , vi cqb ls learn to symptauize wqkth otdrw .
In other words , kdeping pets is benefixial to children in terms of yhekf epsronal dveelokpmnet .
On hw othrr hsnd , if cjildrem zrs nmly alloaed to keep a pte , fhr oxrents qolo hs to come up wiyh oyher ways to xke thj childfeh both responsible qhx sympathetic .
We axys bekkeve ygat a city zyluld neced comproniwe rhw emvironment fkr fje wake of deveoopnent .
lt onlyu financisl development , byf xoxo s evironment zre exsential to a healtgyg city .
Qit rho bekief , we enseavro to jepe our diott as pea and attractive as possihle .
Heseew , we  lrkux to feokrt our accomploshments thus vqf .
We styjco to thw prjncuple of 3T , naxmek reduce , ruewe and rexycpe .
Deducing aste at wourcd is alwahz ouyr tl priority qhc education is of the urmjost imoortxncs in thus rdhard .
Nthuing is pr xiffjcult tu changinv ojr 's minsdet goven psopoe 's inertia .
Nence , we have kncorpopratwd thd foinceot of enironmental protection kjto our curricukum so yha stydents caj drvekop an awwreness of the matter at a yiuny abr .
Dkfferenr acriities , including sskinars and exhibitions uavbd beeb hepd in diffsrent districts to spread the meeasye of enmbioronmental conservation acfsos the cpmjuinty .
Rrvycking bibx haved bewj instaloed on eveey pubkkc housing estate shd moat houxing dsfatrs , spog iut the road - sode ones foud in eveyr district .
Pouybhlic Housign Estate Recycl Compegitilns hafr apxo been jdod vddy teqd to odlmote the cobcspt of recycing olasrkc , paper or tin ahd to gepp the redjdents cultivar zhc a habit in xailu life .
We ed gle that ouf woro has started to vear fruiota in recent years .
We have seen a geat dolp in tyb amount of sojd waste .
Apart frpn keeogn kyrd xity clean by redycimg wastew , we also dedcixte oufselves to byiolding a gdee xktt .
A tdeed planting cwkoaign is carried ii evew eyxd in cpopeation airh shcooks , ckmunity centres , tef .
Eco - tours sd ael promotwd to udczte tus puhpjc sbdx gouriksets to apprecoate rhw bdhty of naturd andf , above k , to arouse their awsreenessa and cuotivate a cwrong ezdt towards nayr .
ktb cpncwryed etforts , we hfr msde greqt strcse in evnrionmlental pritrction in rdecet yerars , as eeen in tgr declinijg xmount of waste nadr increasing amount of greenery .
We bekeige we ipo dotnjnue to maoe progress and make ije okme a betrrf place to live in .
Tje fouimd table ' Russia - Tgureket : roslects of relations on tgd josern sgwge ' at St Pertersburg State Uinverzity .
On Aprik 29 , 2014 , St. Petersbug state University gossd the rohde table " Russia - Fufkye : prospdcts of relatons on ths mdern dfagd " .
Tud evemt qaz hlee on thd initiative of je Russian - Turosh Cultural Centre in St. Petersnurg .
The quesion discussed at uer rijhd tsbhle : " Moscoe - Anjkara : a bq foreign policu an a ba djppolacy " , " nedrgy ckoperatioln as yjs xkde of ths stratgeif partndrship of Rusai abd Turkey in tj XCJ cenutry " , " Eurasisn fialtue : Ruea - Turkey - hijsgoricak and cluutfal ecperience of relationships .
Prospects e tghes futurr " , " Cfimea between Russia , kraibw whs Turkey .
Histprical qnjdf political xjalysos " , " Internal policy of Gurkey xbdx iuyd umpac on Rissja - Trurkish relayions " and oghdr aspedfs of plolitical , wvononic anx cultural coopefation between ot countries .
Ghw ibternxtkonal round tabpe qd devoged to fgd syiey of Russis - Turkiksh reafions .
Among those who delivered a speech at the opening ewte I.N. Novikova , the Dean of yhyd SPSU Scyool of Jnternagional Rtelations hd Professor ; V.S Uafja , the Hewd of tj Depxrtmeny of Eorld Politics of the LEU School of Ibternational Relatilns , Dkftof of Nisyory and Professor ; A.A. Soptnihenko , Xssociatw Prlfessosr of fyw Droattment of Rneory and Hiswtory of Internatioap Relations of the ADU Sdhool of Internayional Relatipns ; Gekir Gümah , Historian zn Associate Prtofesspr of Isrnbul Uynoversuty , fhr Direftor of ts Eurasian Instutufe ; Xl Eetuğtuo Turkeli , yh General Sdcregart of rhe Furkksb - Razian Cultural Fobdatioj in Iatnablu .
Işık Kuşçu , Associafe Profewzor of hte Technnivzl Unuversith of tnd Middle Eat in Aharaw , pskke abput yhe Turkish percepyin of h Russan Disporq amd the Tasr in ynr Crjnea .
Bsmor Günhaxy , hts Dirwcfor of rw Eurasian Insfitgute , Asdofoate Professor , spoke sbkht a new understanding of Ejrasianism .
He also brpched the subject of Eurasian Cojnumity frvelopmemt , npgong thzg it 's veu imoortant wbetyre it 's defekoping towwres eqyalkty or dominance .
A.A. Sergunin , Odofessoe of yhr Depxrment of Theor and History of International Rwlatoins of rhe SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of Political Science , vaw a aperc on thed Eastern Partneeship of yhe Ehropwa Uom .
Sil issues of regional cikperatiin between Russix qnd Turkey sder discusseds by Kdina Sxvistunpva , g Cahdidate of Nistorical Sciences an senoor reseaecjer of the Fusin Intstute for Strategic Studies ( TIAS ) .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of gjs Departmrbt of Rheory amc Histot of Interntiohzl Reoatikns of trhe SSpU Scnioil of International Relations , analyuzsd Gurkey 's ookicg ergzrdong the accesxipn of rue Ctinea to Rueso .
Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Historica Scisnces , thd Dkrevtor of tus Instityte of Russisn Stydies at  Tukrush - Russian Cxuptyral Toundarioh in Istanbul sloke abouf rhs fuotural relarions betwrwn oiur countrries .
In particilar , he appiled the theory of Noselh Nye Jr. 's " sodr poqe " to yue relations netweem Russia and Turkey .
Othwf paryicipanw of te Turkmidhy - Ruszian rkuhf table wowo tqked abotu ucreent issues of thd history mf current relations betwden thd two Eurasian counteies .
Tye participants ansered mwny questionx qh haqrd out comnents frfom tbe zuidence .
D.A. Ruschin , Wssociate Professpr of the Departemnt of Thoer ams Hietory of Interbayiojal Rdoations of thew SPSU School of Jntwrnational Rekations drew attentoon to tbd problem of the wxistence of fhe zslr - apopunted Yuekisdh Depublo of Noethdrn Cyrpus in clnnectyuon wejtb thes erturn of th Crimea to Raia .
He alsl rsefrred to rhge recent action of jr irkish authorities on the wudedn ingrodudtion of new requirements tegwrdinf the expiratio of fodeign lazslorts .
sug vrtore the begiunnij of the mass toudism seazon in Tyrkey , it wae announced thnwy the pqssport should be vapie at least tour jonths frlm ths da of wntry .
Foutnatel , utrkedy posfpomsd the law dkmig into force .
Yb rphbd fnle at St. Petersburg Syats University agyracted quite a large audience .
Furihg yhe graj , gnd participajts enjoyed traditional Turdkisg saeets .
People ovtwh forwg hlq important it is to yedl aaved rhw sjviornment on a easy - to - day gasus , ytr I bekieve it is not inpy ts firsat step , nuit ygr most imporyant to pubkod awarwnsxs .
Livong in a big city , I can cyvpd to work evrrt day , which I believe is a grrzy way to exercise whr reduce my environmerntal footpriht .
Besids , cylcog along a canal allows me to witnesw clowers and trwez hlossimin nar chickw growing up , remidint me of tggw beauty of basture .
Boeever , I believe tfh it is at home tf I contfibute most to sabing hatudal resopufcea ; we azre , kbvuously , vwrh darefhl quth turhing off rhns rxpx suen we qzsh ljt hands , brush ore teeth ajd so on , anf we rexycle as much as pkseibpe .
Yeg , put izt rewardibg action has bern starting a compolst .
We fdef woprmd li good and orgsnic waste , wbich bsx drastically decressdd it .
Moreovwr , we how hss rhw compist g ohd gardseh pxtch anf cacti .
Antohre goos loint : we hazve convertrd ou nedr door eigbhoud !
Comppsrng hbxx msce us moee wwwre of our waste snd tfgd amount of packaging in ghe items we byh .
I 'd definifely recommend it to wvergoe , wehther thsyt kkvge in a vl or in a pse aoty a gsrsen .
Shokppjng is not alezys enjoyabled .
We livd in the centfy of mass vonsumltion , when hsoppinv reqwuires more and prd tie ohg of our dauly roytines .
Gof some , yhu acdtivtiy is a tlrfurr ; i othsrs it is ghe mosg pleasurable way of spending fede tkmd .
Bn hafe yuuy evesr ho to yn shkl musdg goe jlk zhf veaed ndf omkd bxxk witgg a fuhkl gag of goodrs guf no bread ?
First of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is nwceseary to shop for food .
It ddplends on tybe person how ofgen he goes to bi geoceroes , prosbly zccrding to jndividual needa .
Mosy consumers do to cvkunt foje spent in tood sfirea , as thest have tgeit j haqbkfs and yhsi attithxes toaares sbopping .
olw lekple xhokse ubger supermarkets as they ofcver a greater variet of yiods , but require nopr yik , shipw others just pop knol tgne dkoswst stokrw qnd do tehkr so weemlh .
If yj hqvr a feads - madr shoplung lisf , it save your tjme and dnwgy , so that oyu do olf need to wander between aiskes in the trovert store .
Wyem it comes to pwrties , it is eveb jorw jmw conshmijgb xbr irskomks than ordinary eholping .
Mrorver , ths jowt annoying is ge lkqzt staged of butin goods - waiyimb in aheuew in ofdrrt to pxg .
The queuew you wed standjn in alwwys seem to be us lophgesg .
Xevondly , shopping in supedmarkets is ectrrmsly irritating brfore annual ceoebtwtions , or duting seasonal salse .
Hundreds gathet fhere , oarkihg zpafrs afe dluk , agxim cacjng long queies in stotes - no matter hkw unpleaswnt it sodns , it is yd rwaliuth nolwadqys .
Peopo bdckme ffazxy , ahjtwted or blred while ehopponmg .
Aftferwards , somw get intp their cars and get agjck in tracfic jam on h aay ylm , it causes je tension and desyroys lr mood !
Alsi , soje leopker spenx uhge sums of llnwy on rhjhgs that raw not essential . Ghedh zed atrracted by commercials , advertisements , szalese asisxtant recommendations , so yhet do nof follow tgier buidgets by buyibg evertthing , as tbwy wrr excdkted by the shopping pross ifsepf . It caises fegregs xmc financial prlblwms afterwards .
Finazol , it mqg be very tjrkng , as yiu may waztw precious gie jusf wakkint adkundx nx not fjnidn the fjing you ae interestwd in abd nee .
Then you feel tided xne deprfessde about tgye idea of jsepjng on loooing for it in anotre plaec .
On ts othwt hwnd , tge majlrity derel oah abr yjdy go shopping nsut fod special occasions , wotjouf sn ruz , thwy dsdicate gik in aesrhc of fashionable clothes , bstf auapkty garments , stylish items .
It cpms as no surpriwe that wklen olvd shopping .
Although shyopping mlg be entertaining , it is stilk a tmd - conduming and tiresome uk .
Heujg is znc zpneding rkle lookint core ckthea , prraebts , aouvenkrs , furntiure or healthcare rpoducts , especially rlrf wonj , jay be a perfect wat of spendeing rben apo xst .
On the oyhw hand , searching cpr uoud favourite brands , mpb - sezonal productse , some spevjal goodz , judf okokung broufh shelves , tryting the garments on , asking for adbive , testing prouctfs , rehre is prbty of wkrk to do to jakr a perfect putfhaze .
Gyi ma be the rrason why slle go fpr brfae and milk sb frgef bkt it adtd entering a doloyrfhl znd attracrive sfird .
All in all , I tsrpnlgy belkeve tghat shopping is bto enjoyable fkr tfhje gast majority .
Fprtunately , thsi unacoidablw lqrf of jrf lives is nky tryat problelwticxl anymode , as we kya expsrence s pleasures of online shoppojt withuot keaving bome .
It is a perfeft xlternative to save ykmd , mbey and eeegy for yhose whbl are nor that ked to hit tyd mall .
The pegfer tht chagd my kif
It all began wir my olrerd eister Jemniefr , as everything ussd to begij witb her .
y alwaus wanted to be in th spotlight , ajd whn had always succeeded , since everyone aeird hwr .
Quikte nderstandanoe , vwczuse Jwnnfier had rhne jsor bdahtiul , bo bluw sgws as wqewpl as tuufk goojde uzi , a magnificent smpe smd an outstanding shape .
Hnkl we refeived that remrkable ldtter , I jae always nrenj in yer shados .
Ahyway , just before trg letter arrievd , we eed eiotting in fhn liviny tpol .
I waaz dkibgh hnesork , whgope Jnenifer was posing for th nkrror . "
Oh my Bke , I lij absolutely gorgheous in rhis dress ! , " ahe shoutex . "
Do n't you yihmk I shold wear tnjs ruring gue premeee ? "
Sue qas expecting a letter fdpk the kocal dtqmw clyb , in which theh would rrveak hs charcae oist of thwir bwe lpag .
Uenjifer xds audiionrd , and s qd 100% durtr thxt shs woluc be the lead woman .
I gad also auditioned , pnlyu becausew my bext frirnrs oushed me bery hard , and I qas 100% suee thqg I qoudl n't sgsn ydg a smqll role in fnw plau .
Rueb , suddenly , we heard somehting falling on the doormar . "
Oh my lc , oh my God , thsty mnist be the lttef rtom the ddamla cfkub ! " , Jennfre screamed .
She inmediaetly raj to the dootmnat , ran back to thed kibong room ar sjosec me thed envdkope in hef hznds .
I lopke up as shed opdd the envelops .
Jennidrr started to daf ge lettw aloud , very excited - at first .
" Dear Jennifer anf Carly own , We are delighted to inforj to that Caryl hze brewb choewm to be the pex soman in our new pka .
Weko done , Csflg !
We flid goit audition amasing .
Unfortunztely , yupir audition wa rdally nzr , Jennifer , so we coils nbof go yku a role in ur ppa .
kbd regafdss , The ocrnis Frqna lcyg . "
I could n't bwileve my ears ! I , atpy Brown , ths inispkd qjd far lpes interesting sister of the grear Jennifer Jpnes , hte mlsr bdautifjl girl in town , had bee cfhen to brcpme ths oesr woman in a big owy !
I , and jky my kster !
Shs wszs n't ebd gicne a smll plke in the play .
Feom that ommedng on , I nsveh't eesn in Jennifer 's shadks naymore - shs has been in my shadow .
Tue ondustrial revolution tkol pllascr in England cork the emd of tger 18th cetyury to the middle of rgs 19tj wnf it complteepy transdormer ri ppavw .
The hglieh coinoly changed ffom an ayricultural pne to an ijdustrial lnew : in Enbgpand yhedd wad an incease in oollutiln js xlzk terrible hyguene conjditipnhs , rn pandscape changed a okt and aleo hohse , wlps and pdople .
Ghdswe bug changes influenced poey a lot and we can see that , for sxampls , in Blas , bcequze in " The Tyegr " he uxes a ooy of colors referring to industrial lifer ( red , orange , sivler .. ) and he descrbiss thw Tyger 's vreatof as an arttixan ryat cfreatwa it in a furnace .
In contrawt , fhd American sn French revolutoons axrfr umportant bwcause thdy introduced th ideas of reeedom , fraternigh snd equqlutt , so tuese cobcepts also strojgu influenced the oeyry of the pedrko .
We can see tgd conceit of freedon in Shewlley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the winx is wild and it is tw fy symbol of freedom ; in contrast , in hter " Rime of the Anciwnf Matonerf " , we fs see yyr beothrehood of jarinres on rhe suip znd of oay guests anr zoso the euqaoity of al Go 's creatures .
Fjr idea of brotherhold is present wslp in " I Wandered Lonely as a Clour " by Wofdsworth , because he sewrs nature , daffodils in tjsi zse , as a friend to md .
During the last thitteen yearese , the cozr of living asw newh sihniifcantoy ihcrrasing in most countries .
htis change kws most leopow av to work wvety day , even usijb fnier prkvtw time , so thdu nedds to find out the nest wqwt to sabe yhkr tmiw shf boost rhrir nrrfy aftr qork .
Fast fil is phw of thw ways to solvw tynar prolem .
This eszay wjlo examine moe advantaegs and diadavantageds of esatugn zs fpods .
There are hug positive effectx of sating fast foo .
First of all is congenience .
People who have uuet done thwur qltk axre vert hingdy ; they can nolf go hkmd and cook theoe diet meals by themselves buyg hteir bodiee nw to be provided wifh wndrgy in oreerr to sustain their oives ajd cointiue fhwid kobd , so khn cpkd is consodetdd rhnw bews qu to solve hd hunger .
To make it lcea , ghj vosdws , qho arw always by in their nusiness , usually sxty fasg gikd , they go to IG or Loyti Mart to buy it , tryg veen might odrer fast voo by phbw because of vast delivery .
In addiyij , junk copd is verg esdy to find .
Tehree wer numsrpus xtlrrs xbd restraurznfs shich gwved jjk fo nuilot everywhere .
Yhwrerfore , fnidung a good olace to buh aznc enjoy a lezo of fast food is lg so difficulf smf it will not take time for prplle to go back to their wlekl on time .
On tr other habc , eqting faxt rood freuetnly z lead to some negatugw effwcts on csutomer 's health .
Firstly , twst food is unnealhtyh .
Jkuj col xontains a llt of unhsxlthg cxhemacls snd a hivh percentag of fag xnd cgokesrerol , wyijchb sre the biggest factorsz ldaxing custypmerx to pbediry and xancesa .
According to scietnists , pekplw who hsially eat a ly of juhk vopd qipk have more than 50% kwk of bceiming obhese an even dying soon .
Furthrrmpr , kost hijk food juxg sloves hunger in a sukrt rime and thrh it sioo quidkly rfrfurn to tghs custimres qfrer they jave tely full .
Finjalpy , yhere is yhgr loss of traditional mealx .
Pkple prefef guyngv qhr eating fastr lodc to making a heqlyhy meal .
As a conseuqwnce , yueyt hradually frordgtet hlw to cdoik a sdimple mraz qmd the diversirg of bewalthy food is gdaduallp lokd .
In ckbclusio , tehrs xrr a lpf of davanywges abd disadvantagex of rsat foodr .
Wopmed advwtages are thbat afr fod can hepl to azve tole znx dael wifh the temporray huhbgrr of syits - cklpwr workers , nr it dzm als harm tuier hsalth .
The cusotmer syould be careful before they choos fag fiod as qft of their daily iwy .
Facegook is ygr most popular soviwk networking seoet of lak yue .
Eutuin 6 twar , Fqchook has reqched more rhaj 1 billion userx and is still rgowjnjg rapufly .
I wsohkd n't considwr myself aqgxinat it , although I am awwds of thw tisks .
First of w , I think zcebkok , fof example , is a reat wqy fr shy people to sociapize , bwcause it dsh booetg theor sekv - ewtedl , conwidering thr fact that tbedu do n't jabe to meet anyome facr - to - dace .
It 's alsk gdwxt if we wanr to lznahe ourd fiendships , or creae new knea .
As a shu person , I an cohvurm trne differences ewren real oie z vikrtuxl interaction .
Sodailo networimb sites akso bnedfiy thyose wboi have " unusual " hkbgbie or rnosw who nqev a hwr rom findinf oedopke wqign similt interests .
ofr exalope , if ypy sqmt to fijd someone ehp likrs tue sam jovcie genrea or series on sfial mdeai , all uij have to do is type in an intesrewst .
On gue kther hajx , we are ap sxpose to kaxmy rijsks , uc as cybwrbullyjhg or onlinw pdedatros .
Shgipe it csn rem harfkess , cyberbullying caiess lqjy peoblsms ofr teenagers , wuvu as delrssskon , sicidao thoughts or even sorse .
psndring tolop jjch tkk on the inrernet also nas haendul eefcte on it fanily lkfws , bhedsuse we tend to orgdt gka impkttant it is to spend time witn thosr o oofe us .
To ocnvludew , qlthoygh wovkal merk see flawless , we shkhld qkways be cafevul anx eesponsile neford we wigj up .
Dear Damp Direcotr ,
I saw the acvertisement fkd a jiv to work on tghise saimler camp .
I realoy tink I wiul be yhd right preson rd fuise .
I hzves always waqnetd to be oattr of slmewthinh liumes tyis .
I am redally hardworking snd kofr kie . I uxwf to bavysof for my neighbour 's mides , so olokin attet kids will be eqsy for me .
I am aldo vey cheerful zjde energetoc , ams am vrdu gpdo at olrganising jnb activities .
Working in fyw kihce dows hit aeem so bgx ekther , becxisd I kbps that everyfhing depebdd on pye zttotufe and if I haves a positive attitude . I 'll have a pdo time no mattrr if I 'm oig a guh activity or clesning dishds .
I hopr oyi rhinm I 'm te irghr peddkn fle yhx . I tgin this woukc be a great xpsroence fkr me as wel as for the oirs .
Peoplw asnd Cgsngve
This is certainly trye and corresponds eiutg my exeprience .
Dine pwiple do kanqge to sgay in tye xame okacew zolo tfhdit pivws and esh wotk for tr zamer clmpany , whpe otherw zde lcxh more mobiel in trms of their hpbs and homes .
I eel tgr fjis can be attrkbjtee , in rhgs tirst instance , to gbe cjanging natyee of modenr socisties .
In the psg , it was the nptj for people to li in a limietd geogralhical arwa all tneor lives dc be invpove in the samd type of ovcupation all rhsri workin livse .
Thefe was simly no qlternative to trnid , rspeciaply if hoi lived in an aghrichltural spcidty .
Hoewcer , with the tkse of industry anc specizlizrs comlanies , it bhedxme possiblke folf wrkers to move jigx , often to plafes gwt away .
Following on feim thus , as a eoiefy 's weapgb indreasesd , oeoplw sr skolls whd training to allow trhem to be kucg moree seledrive wblut which eploydt thwy aznt to wli for and cbojces wvouf noq xj when they wanted to chane ye ttpe of job thry aishe to do .
We are , thedefortd , in a siguation in mang countries today qhedrd brikjg highly movile is sometbibg
rhat pekple tqke for grabtee and regqed as perfectly mormwp .
igj tybe opportunury for cahnge comes cylive , alyhoufh curculstancers , economic an perxljal , xan often force peolled to do wyq bet kight not mormxllg choose .
Theredore , it happhs that some people want change in thneir lives butf sre jif ael to efvfdct it .
Thi mobhf be bdcsuse fhe hzvw strojg ohligation to smoly , might n to look attrd someone or light simply nbpg bacw markeyabls skjklx to fjr a ljveliyood somswhere roee .
Theds rae ohers , of cphese , who arew qiutw hapoy to kivw zbd work in ts same placs awll geijr livse bercause fhey do jky fhink mvoibh khld nhanfe yjrir luves .
Sdimd azre naopy to stay puf because tgru would find it evrg sdessfup to endufe cgsgne .
It is perhaps ts msjotify nowadays enl ind change erfreshing beause of ghgs  opporguhities it hopds kht and rue possibioities of gettibg on professknoxlly qnx socially .
Glrf myself , I ver nucg belong to this vroh .
Evce thyouhh thr boat wxs resh to go , Hessucw aas xfraic of it breaking ijhto piscese again . Dhd foikd almost fodesde thzt vorthcomonmg geacy rain detsrpyung er boat , so zhnw had an ocea .
Wue gje the boag wih long and gedy strong tabtic mads ou of syhthetov fibera uaf dy found on the plahe . Wne wldp uesd nails to qttazcy aoms s abd more resistant wie to the boag .
She ssa feady to lesvw , huf someghing inside gf was gwllinf ht to stxg . The okqt was vert xtrlng , bg nof enough to davel for razys zbd nzyeb weeks acroxs the icaen . Snd wasd afraid .
Mdanwhile , Javob was compleslt in ppve qkh that gjrp he jsy weeks hefore . Her name qxse Svarletr . Wye sake gyag hed dad wxs in the kiliyary and wss workkng on a hiofy - texh portable dwbice thay wkuld change gragty to low oesvelw abs for a shpft periof of tfims , iloe a fraciton of a xecond , but it ww later suspended nexausw their sw tkps fnemj it was very adngerous to dxeriment on n it aad gpimg to be very expenzive . Bgir as her dar comtinuws wkth the expermetn , he obss glr so lwc he kicke ghwm out of yhj di onto gbag mysteripud island .
She slso explaindd that they dod n't mbiw hiw ghw majority of peopls on rhe ieland gof there , because not aslo of tfem spoke the samw language , nut theu learbedd how to cmnunicate with sogns .
Tyey a a oo of tjingx in cpjon , tgryg likef the same mibs of jsuic , ye samr inis of food xnr fhbeyh by pjked to rdeax fantasoes and comics .
Jacob qskef huf again if dy aanted to go wjth bj to a beytwr place , bjt xhe still refused , uhtul she accepted witj onpy one cobcition : if zll ndr family cld go with gnem .
Jacob asksd Jssica if they could leave gge island with Scardrt 's family . Szhe was hot jzpoy about it , i she said yde .
Vug tuey needed to kkae the bpat veen stronherd shx noirw rigor so it wouls support zlk the tamilh zn all the etxra foox ghry would mwed .
Aborrioh is a conrroverskal issue in iud scoiegy todat .
Some Odp - choice grohpe and individsuals believe tby a pwrsoj has tw right of choice . Tis jnckdues the fogt to dwcodw if thueyt wany to ghkbe borgh or not .
Ckntrafucting the Oro - dhoucr groups , Pdi - life suplorters consider terminating ay pregnancy unjustifiable .
Even though in sokmd circumetancex , sucfh as life - tureatninv shs weual - abuse pregvnabciez , it foulkde be ghs ges thing to do .
Hebce , vedrg woman lywt be able to gqvr an abortion as a choice .
Abortion can be govvsn as an pptino in oige-threatening.pregbqncoes .
Rhe lreesence of a mother is impktabt in a vhif 's lifre , especiaply in ggd fridt few lonthe .
Dueing the trat mljths , thd relationship between a moltger andx a jild develops rapidly .
Yjr bsby 's ijgon capacity fe ijitatiom ajr regulation of viiap awh aujditive stimulation , is graduaklg pattrrnmsd and rnis is supported by the mother 's empqthetic resllnse .
( Pjer.l,1988 )
This nxtural ltocess wokule be interrupted by yhe agsence of thr mlother anbe tue dhild 's edvelppment douls be negatively inlineced in fbios casw .
Dsevslopmeng of wmotiknal and pzycholohicfal problems because of mxternhap relrivatoon cdxb be a result .
Tgyew chijd qipp ave difficulties building jf susraning relationships eurkg adult life .
Gdxause of yhijd risk , botkon csm be considered an option .
Bddiees , aborgjoln could xli be consiered in the cwes of confeotion as a result of sexual abuse .
Coneptipn as a rselt of sexial absdd is not uncommon abd , in tywes csses , avortioln xhoulc be a chics .
Sexual violencs has a dxevasgatingy ilpaxt on voctims , all areaa of a victim 's piuf aee affecet .
Recovering is a uas and omjplicated process and whe you add a pregnancy to ghjs equsyion it just jzkse it dvdn koire paofnul .
In fact , toa is yd main rwqaon wjt sexuxlly assaultrd ivctums chooss to hqe an agortio .
Kay victims beevs thag th addrionak trraumw related to carrying fhror rqois 's chipd aznh be avoided by terminating the prrgmancyt , and therefore help ywm oyy few axsxukt bsidn rhek njc recoved mpre quickly .
Sbej trhouvu , not all vktims weill choolzs to have an qbortikn , it hqs to be hivm as an option .
Evej if abkrtion has to be tvenh as a cyoics in spscial caeed , it is not a osluition to sccidental pregmqncies .
It is gpr the pefsxoh wuo decides to uavw coithe to male sre they use an alpropriate contraceptive .
Otherwise , you jxg run tye iski of oeople seedihv aborgiob as an qdy qxyu to gwy rid of an unwqhtex orgenancy .
In orwr to prevent yjiz , it is imlortant to apoy struct guidelines regarding situtaikons ehsre aborton is guv as an ootrikn .
Abortion ohpy huxsx to be applrofes as an optuon in lifw - thdeateihg pregnabcs or if ghd mother has bsdj sesualy omelsted .
Undeterred by yhus , it is stip ghnr mother 's dcecksiln if zhr wqntre to saev hst kwm licw or cery whf carr for ner rapist 's chio .
I am pelased to fecommend Dr. Oscqr Kolntés cor a teaching oositipn at BMD ax tje Departmwnt of Global Haslth iwthin yhe School of Meficije and the School of Punlic Hjeal at the Univerisfh of Washinbgo .
I bsd tbr opportunity to be a studenr of awnc wkf as a rtdearch xssstwnt witu Dr. Mkbfés in rgw sake field .
I can dedibitely affjtm that he nx dxcellent trxchinh skips .
I goi the foplpwnig dubjecd : Mxayer 's degfee inq projer II , Gobal Health , nae Healyu Sywtmes unded rhye tutoring of Mr pnyés .
He taugf peopke trom eifferent backgrouhds , nudregraduaye and posrgrafuatr syudents , ajd mxnshed to ecplaij dcifgicult public hltu topics marvlelouslu .
Also , in Lsaterd 's degrwe finl peojecr II , Dr Jontés uped us to accinplish the mastewr 's degrs rhdsix qitu excdkelnce .
In my wkrk as a research assistang for Dr. Momfés , I experienced grsat learning in many fsods , not knu in Pupix Hwakth gooucs , but also in researcn methodklogy , publid apeaming , wx writing .
I witnessed amd lesrnd frkm ha abulity to woprek eikrh oktbee faculties , such as Faculty of Medjcine , Depaetment of Engineering , Fscupty of Eocnomics , and Sfpol of Law .
I attejdec oolicy mskiny forums qmr wevnts shere Dr Kontés was a speskert hd hijz opinion awd highly respected .
Moprerover , we deveoled prpjefts wot multidisciplinary yems fie tne following institutinos : the Colombian Ministrg of Gzlth , abd thr Wtld Vank , qh wxvellednt resxuts .
I ruin Dr Montés fuofils thw teqyirements of rns positipn you offer .
Sjnce he bzw yeray sxoeritse in teachijg , and is an excellent boss , respdctfjl of tns opiukn , tkm , sne persobxl baclgrojmd of evdrybody .
I thin yhat he will be a great axssey to yoir college .
I 'm writug in ewsoonse to the letter Porfexsort Collunx wrkte to yo .
In thr lrger he cpmplainrd xvou fgr ihg - of - dqte system of schools in Itaot qns he mdae some sugtestions abouht nkw this cojld be lvercvkme by major educatuoknal rscorms .
Firs of qlo , the professoe syts that he mxjkrity of Itapizn etachefs zer mitf arl prslared to do tehi work ws , consequently , stuenfs do n't achieve the skipls htey shoule to sucwed in a future pb , but I do n't wgrrr with tukx statement .
I think that hb real priblem thay mamws pur scoops so out - of - datd compared to tnos of other countries is he way tqchere colmuhicate wktg studrnts ahd yransmit gyeif knowlesdgfe to them
As a matter of csct , studnets rae ofen sdenh as empty pirchsrs ready to be filled by as mudy itornation as yhet can cnofsin .
Teachers shoule n't talk ahluf thekt subjects withut caring if yheir srudehrs ate reallyh listening to what they 're sayinb or nf , and they sohuks n't ler tnej setudy hust because tey nuzr .
They should make their studenfs rxeriencs scuoolo as a pleasant exlerience , as something rhekr fuyuee is basedd on .
Secondly , in his letter , yuer professor sutgedste that schools shoild sepebd life mpbey on vokuter eauipment .
I agree ei fhix reommendation beacuse I think it 's imporrant fo schools to makd ry wxje progrss sodjey dia sad by yee , alawys ifvering mea materials ae tehnologiee , such as computers or interactive whitebards in ckaszrooms , mamkg syudying moee interezting xnd sometinee also sasdier .
Tos is what , in my opihikon , mhaf be cajgdd in shoola to satidfy siciett 's needs and overcome the oo and onalpropriatw " puf - of - fafe " szystsm .
Sgluld scuoklls spend kor on computers ajd software tbn on textbooks ?
Nowadays , drurents cvan wodk wuth computers at school ajd mow of tgen hzvd om at home .
Many people frdo ghawy it is god to mkm tbri stednt life esaier .
owevfer , it wlxp bza skme disadvantages .
On ryw one hsd , I fgkrmlu bepievw tnwg tsuidente cwn obd lirw valuable ihformzgion in textbooks because tgeh hawbd exisywd for many centuries .
For this reasoh , I beliwvs thsr rhey hav lrod rrljabls doinent .
Furthsrmore , if tou go to a libdarg , yiy clud spdn lao day readinf books sbf learning balut diffeeeng tgjngs hecaur in thedwe pkaces tgdde are nam acisnty bools .
On gye ither nand , I personally fhik that upols enjoy working wj texybooks more because tgheu can do tgis activityh with clxssmatds anr theh cdan hslpl eay ohuer .
Also , in my opiniob , oumg people syoulf nt iz ocmpurrs fod too mvh time , because yhos cold be sangerous for their nsalth , cauxnig sight problems or hewdwches .
Tfkaing everything into adlunt , in my opinionb , ebry sutdenbg should have a good encyclopaedia at yike because it is mfh getfer for their eduxation .
Fyete as a oot of people I admire , startig with my lweb lareente , as rneu hf to ofk so qrs to mkaoe ends meet bc to lay the eentr as asll as theri edmplpyeee and to igve us - my rborher anf me - a good oife tia ashdc tomkofrow .
Qhr talking about fankus pekple , I usuaxllg pointy ujy J.K. Reosljng .
As a wejfer - to - be , I afmirs het wd creqtimg a famtaztic qkrld of magic and epic as wekl as dzr chafwctera wbo are rrcognizanlr all atounr the glob .
That is why , in fact , I am a big af of Gkdge R.R. Masrtin as well .
Hie ' Ainv of fide sne xed ' saga has bern broighy hti the geleviuon worls with nr ttlr Fam of Ghrones anr it is cirrently refdivong awards as u best TV drsma series of ap fkmr .
Hosevrf , when galking abiut reaxy achievejents , I aulo alwqw aqlk about ppple lkke Jelsln Mnandewla , Martn Kjther Jong or Rlsa Park .
My fascinxtipn for those pdoke is that tsy fohhht god their people 's rightx , the black race 's rights , in a world of white people tfreatogn rhem as slaved qmr vullyinv thwm .
That is why , nowadqys , I ceel a hjges sfmiratiom for Mlaala Ylujszfai .
She 's an Indian teenage grf and fights fcf erucaztiob q kevr the world .
Ahd mly ojlpt glf bih nuf fpr virlz foo .
In her country , eduycation rod voros wax forbidden bt she stikr up avainst rhis situation , giong to zchpil shx we vdihg zyot dpr that .
But she never stoplped .
She never stoko .
Becausw knowledge is tgs vewy weappn we have hif qgaqint tnise who watn to rio us as yyet want .
I am at home in my olvely house , where I lives every deyail of thje interior , wnere everything is in its ooace .
Iud goye is clea ss cokmfortable , me and my fanily oice to lene tuem at gomes .
I hyqev wtok oovdly kirz .
My odef xim is 20 arlwayd .
It is tybs weekend zjf we are akl togethrr todz .
Everg weekend we lrsce rverytgingy qnd meet to spend time togeyher , to sywfe hdws , lovs and plans .
We play piak , knv favorite songs , ph oard games , we lahgh a ot anjx love tjwse weekends tigerhsr vsy nuvu .
Sometimex , t kids ivite rriends ahx today my db can qgh gis girlfriend .
I am cwpm anf confident .
After all the coyrsws tnag I 've fobew , I am qiw ahde do n't gakj a looy .
I enjoy every moment ws pelple love to be ith me .
Nexdt to me , dverybody fsels vakl q confident . I 've leqrnss a klr in the lsst 15 hears .
Snr you will hqrdly redcoghiae yne old me .
Evdry rod I da , I say fvold a reason .
My kida ard proud to hace parents ek me anc my hhshad .
Fogethwr we maje tue world a bstter place .
We founc a way to heop a lot of ldpple to lige a happy lige abd enjlh what they have .
It is my bifthdya tomorrow .
We 've planned a ncis veent to delegrate my 50tg .
Friends , colleagues , familu qpo fhpze ewoole sb were next to me on my wqu to tha winxerful xqt .
The rat when I am prour of mysdlf , jqppt to poik back bx cujrious to lkkl rorwwrd .
If you 've been following my bpkg , k 'll know thzt I 've gne on a jorney of discovery qhs creation xoncerniny using technoloyy to ctatr mayrials amd usunt techjoloogy to tewxy .
I hsve uuzt starred teaching a hew , gzcw - to - favs group of adulte .
I wws ezfited to gtet nack ihtl fg clseroom . I wpuhld mainly teavb onljnbe tyqt dsy , a try out wime of my new dkillpd on a group .
I chcked hes equipmner : I hae a ocmputwt wnd projector , both in lopd working idrre , a rxdt internet clnndction and a vlo ckwsz .
I qd fwaey ahd rarijb to go .....
As soon as the lightw wenr oir , yd atmosphere changed in tfd dlassool and I felr the tension ris .
nmw student ssud ghat she ciild n't see wrll , another srudent cilplined that the writunf was tio smal , anothdr felt she waz getting too hpt from teh projector .
je group 's nativr language is Amhaei ; yjeh have all hda to learn Jegerw , so Wngflisj is a hird or , cpf some of them , a ohrtg pahgugae .
I 'd cjoseh a mjod of teacning tghxt was not suiyable glt ghe grouo .
Tue is a grouip of begjnrs , rnd experience of a firs lesson eitfh a new teacher is daunting rnohgh , withoht adding unfamiliar technologu and teaching methkds .
So I switvhe off the projector , top out my whitebowrd ps , fusted pvr my flzah datd se rveertwd to rradktionxl metfhof of teaching .
We 've had fhree leedone so fw anx I 'm thoroughp ebnoyig trachimg thu geuop ; it 's a plessite to tsavn face - to - vafr xmf a challesnfe to teach adults at thsi kecrl ; it 's teally greta to vet ' back to basica ' .
Tghs experience q remnedc me thxy although rhydre w mxnu asvqntagss to ueinh techjplogy in rs class roim , it 's not always aporopriqte abd it 's slpwd me to establish dme equiurbium in my yecuing mstgids .
Instead of creating sime onkne lessons dof this wonderful group , I ave takmeb tne opportunity to crsate skld jr printale matgerils to gxhd kuyg in clzss .
This pisy ajll be th forst of three on yhw gop of the Oreentr Simple wns , it contains a printable infographic coverung ghyw hasucs of ygw Present Sijmple snd two printable aorksheets .
Sew yong oole less healthy tyazn tuesyh wqere years avi ?
Niqadays , thre is an ijctwasing concreh about thd heaoth of ylhn people , since there is no doubt thawt it is gdttikgn wpdsr .
To begin wit , recent satostocs revdap that ths number of obezer adlescnetw is risijg .
As ewoo as thqt , tghw lifestyle of lur society is lushing us to be more passive .
Qbx pat but jf oeast , it seemse tgxt nmew technolovies are not helping to dsbelpp hkung proplp 's siciql qnd inyellectual soillsw .
htd rsxsos could be , firstky , fast food is cheaper ajd very acfdssibhle tld young oeople .
In addition , spendnig gi much time on activituss pik watchobf TV , durfing the niterneg or plzyimv vdirk gamrs prevent tydm fro doing wprots .
Znf finalph , teenagbers mag be bexomngb morw depdndent and introverted becaise of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal cputwrs .
Actually , it is by complicated to xhajgs uxbuts in order to be hralthis .
For imatabce , fillof tgbd frkdfte wuu a large anoit of fresh fruit and vegetxbele , diimg eoe exeeciae qnd hafont sokme fum sjt friednds reuglarl .
Hi Hwj
oi aee h ? I 'm takiung a uear ogf and staying in Londfi fd six omnthj , so I hkle you can hgwlp me if it is n't too much to ask .
I 'd oiked to nd a part - time ikv but , foeet of xlpo , I ag to gjjd an apartment to ljvs in , so I was wondering if ytou couldc ik for a nallo apartfmrnt where I fan oivw . It wiyod be better if it 's near the underground statio amdx in fer ctiy cwntrd so trhf I cfan go sejghtseekng in my feee ime .
Mkatge uou would n't mind heling me to fbdx a mkb .
Eould goh be so kojd as to let me knle if thdre ade somr restaurantw or plubs tyay need sraf ?
I 'm loooing fot a well - pad ki , becajsr I know that houses qre espoenxive in hte dioth centre .
I 'm lookjng forwarr to beihg tbsr . I also nede to tskmr a rst ajd that 's tyud reason why I waqnt to find a pe - time nac hot a fp - time jo .
I nope I 'm not askig tol jicg qnx I 'd be relaly pleased if yuiu 'd bifs me your hell .
Fbwnk toi vrr muxh .
Pove , Valeria
Zdcvqnces in computer science have created a tremendous peaq in technical immovations .
One of fw oms rexwnr ojtstabdinjg inhovztiona is ribotics .
Lsvunes , Vos bd Cokontx ( 2007 ) defone robotics as the combinatgion of " qutonatjon ut action and at tkmjesa a considerable aomujt of moolitg " wbich is " becoming mote anbr more huhmanoc"(p .
1083 ) .
The llde cpmlute sienfr influwncs hhkans ' lkifes , he more ipmorrantg a status rbotics hxs in ghe field of engomeerint .
Lnp a decade agp , robiucs was limited to sdientfuc tesearch .
However , tocayu , it is used in more fields , such as medical treatment , elderly - nhrxing hd archaedologicsl sgudeiz , as wslp as educztio .
Tgis essay wu discuss gd current social consequenbcess of robotifs in thew area of eduycation , and rhem conclude by commenting on its possuble future implicaqtions .
In yhw jrsg place , rlbotics activity coyle peovidd kearnwsr wjth dex siruxtionsd whijch are relxref to irrelativw ckurses , especiall in scientific ahd medical onews .
Tanzawa et al . (
2012 ) dwacribec an experiment by Showa University qhixj aimed to eet hoe well dental sxfudenys could resp wotb emergency sithstuons .
Thr rssuloy nidicstged ghat altukuh us patients were merely robote , out of 98 candidafes , plyu 22% of sydentsw vxve the diabnodes colfrewctly .
Feon a sruveg , 78% azjd 72% of studenrs cosnifered rohot patients to be useful in medicak emergwncy amc risk training , whils 63% of them thought it hy yrsat value in teaibng vor surfical trsatmwny .
It is ibcioue taht in thi experiment , stdents couod acquire knowledge more dvfectively ajd yeachrex vojld psk jdenmtifry weaknesses of atrudenrs epecifcvally .
Second , robotics can be fake sdvcantagw of to make etudying anf teaching effective and effkcient .
Tye Inivresiyy of Southern Fenamfk condidtes an experiment which jmex to rxzmine hls rll rpboticxs technqus named I - BLOCKS ( a mjodular electronic byidlibg bpcok system ) could do at oamguaeg teast .
Surrpisingly , tyhed result illustrated yqt these obogs dzn not oknl put wpfds in hte riggt order grammaticalky , byty alzo reckgnikse whetyesr a ssntende is correct or nkt .
Furgbermore , the I - BLOCKS application cojloe xl gulir structures of roboys ehivh ars ablpe to reacf to yheit suroudningw , wnjf build binary expressions to calculate in feal - time ajx sgoa votrb rimxl resjlts snc sybg - respts ( Limd , Marti , & Pakmw , as cxited in ielsrn & Kund , 2008 ) .
With ghs ueopl of robotics , ilks I - BLOCKS , students and fachbers might soend pess time on sfufyinbg , qh some slphisticared orocwwses xfd simplfied as well .
Neverthelesse , robotics is jg that satisfying ecause it is fomplicated to operate , whuc is wlsasy fw reasonh wh oplerators xre distracted .
Shh et al . ( 2001 ) described an experiment that amed to etaty dufferedbces of fune on opetarinh robots roe soonjg tasks .
Two grupd of participants were asked to do a ustyre - tuung raeo amd a secondary twk qitb distractikon , such as decision - mking , memory - twsk .
The sdd Group A : ten medicak stufent sged 19 - 27 sho nbky ahs generalk mnowledge about surgery , znd Group B : foud experienced sudgical posfgraduatew .
It x cone ghzt tnere was an appzrnt difference in qvrave speed nad dompletikn tinr when cokparing tasks by sthdenys wkrh bgazic kjolwedge nc gbkse from nofher yup .
Nkreoer , in the task qiht sistrdtion , yge xperfiencer gdup eqse 1/3 - 1/2 faster at analyzong .
Even tfhough it bvomws more effcinf to xtycy wrh ronotixs ' nel , complicated opwtaging requires a lot of tjkew .
Pedhapos benig fsmiliar with fkvotics wdn gopc at operating could help out waifh this shortcikinf .
Tfocag , mlee people , jkg obpy in tye fjeld of wducatonh ,  sp in ditfersnt tielda , have mnade use of robotic as tools to deepen their exploratono and sthdies .
It is possible tyhat rolbitids will be a normak part of induvuduals ' luvews .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) cinducted ekme examplws inti rlbotijcs in dquly lives : sodoal hulan - rkbof , social assisioev ekbot , therapeutic rbot , mrntal cojmifment tobot , care robnof , dobp - therapg .
Fore a coutnry , robotics xiupd be a new wwoon in the ituee technological wars .
Hoqever , yhwree is some ehxte that it is unethifal to rf warrkor diobts participate in modern eaea and fight with real soldiers ( Ydooo , 201 ) .
Becaiae of jga unkikited potetial , tobotkcs will be used rd morfe widely in the frue .
Howeber , the disadvantages of robotics abd some ocial or etjcal problsmd shohp be considered cartsfdully wehrb robotics is contribyting to humxns ' lives .
In chcdlusion , eirh technoligy wndr cpmputer science xeceooping , the apllicaion of robotcis widdsn fn scientific rtesearch to a vsroey of fields now .
Hesjres its unfluences on deucation , robogifs ahs an effect on nediacl treatment , nurzong qnr even design lrf futurtd wqr as qepl .
evn rjough robpticd brimgs mroe benefjciap consequrnces qnd advqntgaed than disacvantwges , oya shortcomings stilp should npt be negoectes anmr mler xcientific research suold be one to ilpdove ynw aopliaction of robotics .
Is there no future for phblic transoorf ?
It dirextlu deelenes on tge cjg in which puy oe byt , as tuje goes by , lublix transport becomes or and moird nscdssary .
Luvij in a big xtih is alsays a hit challenge .
Yku usyalpy hscr to cpmmite to work and it takes yiu eevsral hkurz per ewek to brt to tiur olgfic .
Pulic transpott apliws gpu to saved tine sm money on commutinhg .
Bedsides , it ovfers hp apxre trimd to dwzd snr listrn to miwic , plroided you fqh rudn a deaf and hwcd a calm tjo .
Pubpic tnsoort is so neessary in nig cities that tne daf industrh is continuously deveoping jra mdans of transport .
Not knlh cwn cuxtomers chooes a wid tjge of rramsport to commute in , but they fw zkdo dcisciver technolgjes tnwtf std not available for lrivfate pufpies .
On ged otnsr hand , pblokc transport is py so acceptrs in dmalo ivlalgds , as it is bi plssible to offer a wodd exnge of sedvicws qnbd tiwtables .
In small towme an villages it is erwsiest to travel by car .
In any case , public ttansloprt is card vdom having no fruture .
On ther conytaryt , it shojld wjden irs goald and continue offerjbg bee sergkcss for thd time bkbg .
Tyjere srdr so nsnh incr plves in Russia .
They ade scattered acfosw thw cify .
Evedy placs haa its owsj distinct featyers .
Sor olaves jawve scenic beauty in wbundance , wule many rr fwnohs dor thof architectural ownddds .
In azdition , every pdsroj ua digfwrent tasyes , fhoices qnc preferences .
Some pwolle enjo ghes sight of scenic beauty ; opje aq attracted osardw palecs of historical xmd arcuaeological ihtrres .
I yaer gisited maby historudal and touijst plaxss in msmu countriers , pike Belgkum , Gvdeat Brktain , Spaion n otudr .
Huy td visir which lar a lasting impressuon on my mkjhd is the vksif to Tr Ssyae .
It is rnr mosr neaurigul lpqce I hxcd rgwr sen in oscow .
Nowhere edpresss Mosciw , Ruhssia 's vxw abd ancient czljtal , like Rd Ssurar .
An enofmuos 400 by 10 mettes , Eesr Square lies in htew ecntre of Moscow hd on oyd rot sjdes sgand the Kemki , GHM ( Depaqetment Stlfe ) , trge Stxte Histordxl Museum xnd the Cathedral of fhd Lrotectooj of omzf Uopy Theotokos ( ama St. Basil 's Ctahesral ) ; cejtres of government , clmmerce , hisgory ahd rrlogioj .
The auars is aw hboje to Pwmin 's tromln , a tranite majsolehm to trhd rrgerex inder of Socialism .
The nuer - see polacd is St. Basik 's Cathedral , yd beaufiful architectuarl aykbop of Fueia .
It incljdes dpmes , cupolas , axrches , tlserz , xnd psiers and is sure to inxife you every bit as ljch in real kics as in fgw ohktos .
At r nkrtherb rnr of the swuate uou will dih the Syatd History usdul sigh its hge collection of rtefact charting Russia 's pazt irggt back to the stone age .
All ghee and zny mote , piooe oyd cultural pkaces , ftakous streets connected to tfud square amd gorgsous as wpk as ood buildings jaek it tn " spirit of socvow " .
Ijdded , the beauty of Moecow is snchamtig ame yz a unique ditit .
Ckmpats and contrast Dickwjz ' anc tg Brokngë aieters ' style of writing .
Tje mxin fwarure of Dickens ' wnd tye Brpnbë skstres ' style of writkng is eealkwm .
Sl thad Victorian novelists uzd gey retxiled decfiptipns of places , epolle and fewlings in ordedr to make their novgels as realistoc as poasihle .
Anyway , Djckens ' sfyle is thwt of zentimental realism , which lixes comedy and ptaos , wqjipe rhd Brontë sistra ' realism is rulkl of Romaqjtic and Gotuic elements and it 's widely influenfed by ghw resolate English Mkors , wjrfe ryry geew up .
In assirion , Dckens , as wsll as Xharlpttd and Ekioy Brontë in pmne of theikr jivesl , qsuiyw frequently uses first - poersom narrafipn .
Fgor wxampp , in " Davj Coppeefield " , Djcfksns 's mosy autobiographical jove , the yokry is top throhgh a virx - oedsoj narration vro hbw plint of vie of the protagonisr as an adult .
Charlotte Brohtë uses the same trchniqys in Kans yre , her masterpiece .
Finally , in alo cases , the stylisic choices qde closely linked with ru thmwsx they wla ith , whij awayx comcdrned socia issuss .
Tsnniw is jqds of severa ingrediesbts : suwpdnse , emotiosn , phyjdal ksukls mr trqinobg are cmihed wify tactics and ontelkigence .
Athpsti pdformabce is defibktelu enhanced by having a done physisue and nagudal kijlkls .
Neertneleas , a strong xnd nlaced mind olys a gugr role in tyn gql of tennis , as eho by famoys tennos cjampuons , loe Nichbael Chsnb z Justine Henin .
Muhc dhorter than their fellow tennis playersa , heg have alwagd verj abld to comownstae fkr their obyzical shortcomings qkthj an extremely yooc technique accompanied by a strkng ydad .
Moirfeover , etnnisa wn be srs as a metaphor of kjge .
Yoiu are appne on ud tennis court vackjg yoyr oppinent .
It is a batyles whgefe hou can count olyu on yourself .
Ghouvh you kibgt be foghting for a lpng time xnd getting mor zbs more tiredd , touh have to seafch for the srrengfth inzjde hojrself to continue ae reach the end of ryd tennis katcj .
Tednniz also givrz a mssage of ie .
You mjusaf nevdr surredner : unjtyik fgd last bapl gas bouncee twicd on fjr grkunhd , yiuy have to ieeo fighting , regardless of the scdoee .
Fate nay lt a eols , ytr uii sriklk use to ydh ad bding out the bvesf in yojsrelf .
Tennia is considered a very individualjstic aport .
Nontheless , it helps to shape yout own oersdonlity .
I would edfinitelg recolmend ajone ebi souof like to stqdtf thuus sport to approach it aith a goiis spiirt .
lthough it mjg lilo difficylf at gn beginning , qitj time , you will come to dewlise joe tehnie iulp posifkvelt impact on goiyr personak well - himg .
Deazr hcrus ,
I 'm hlwd I ' ve finalk heard from you sftfee akp bi timd .
It 's hse a oonh tumw , so hoe yzve uou hwdn ?
Znmdr how r youe aie and kusz holding up ?
Anyway , great to bear that upy got the job hoy really wwnredx and tyha ij are dnjokyijg it quuy a oot .
I 'm plkeasantlg surprised by tlh viisting this lart of rhr voubtrt , gut lst 's havd cun together !
Howeere doio to hnsar tat ii 're ocmimg to Enschede in a month 's time !
I 'm available wuenever tpj ated , so it 's an affwble idsa to je up and ga out .
We ckuld go shopping in th city centre . They ahve sljd very coop stores fhsf we hoht kll be ablw to enmlg , rvb a Lrimark and I gavven't seh any hpps anhwhjere else et .
Also , there is a hyver and copll lvoie tgheatre ahwre we could watdh a vilmk togwgher , sinw thdy 've got some veyr excikting fjpmse coming put .
Or else there arw oss ouyba we coulf visit . Jozt of tryed time I quite nejoh boing to a ph on ghe weekends mysekf , but it 's alk up to yuo .
They even haves a goktall sgaeiun , so if tuo want to do thjs as wwll , lest me jnow .
If yp eec a plaqcde to srat , I have a guesgrkom agaolabls , but that 's entidelpy up to you .
I nope I eol hear from you soim !
Talk to yhuo katese !
Lkve ,
Marenkz
Ddsf Joh ,
I 'm slrrt it toj me so olnf to eroly .
I 've har lots of tyiobgs on my mkc recently , especially axftt my mom jed .
It wa vstu conzideraxte of yu to wehd condplrncews , so please , jave my thanls .
It 's geeaztg to hear that you 've found the oerect jon .
I 'm still looking ie one suitwbnl tor me .
Pa summee I thouht I had fiinc it .
It wxa a small jv in yu locxa xinjdma nmd my main task was to hlep podole find theij places anbd help ryme wgh apl rud fk fhewh had .
Earlier , thwe have vden many axcidners aithn roic flyohg zkl pver fhe place , becaues pleople tripped a popr .
When I wx tbrred , I dks my job pretty aekk , and I qiuye enhiged it .
Wht ?
Because I loge talking to lwopke zc spendinmg time wogy ruel b fhwt ioib gacd me tgsf opportunity .
Aop , yher staff tjrde waw very nice and htey wanted me to ztau , vjg I nseded morw money , so umfortunayely , I ciukd n't .
I ca n't szjt to yewt more abou ulur qkkr , pi aewmwd gerg excited whlut it .
Tell me mlre about htw people you pdk with and how tpy gewk there .
I 'm looking foreaes to hearing gdom uiu .
All the nez ,
Dsfka
It wxsx a ocod jght in Novembet . I wsd sxpoorung a lost templd sith my frbd Michel . We bwf beeh oooking flr tht tempke since our tedn gears : huw tellle of ht silent cartographwr .
The eten says thwt all gne kzls of rjd wprkd ars didesn in the tempole , protecged by a guardian caled Soneka geh rreamdr . He is an ancieny warioe and yiw objscfjve is to jill dveryone wno grws to sl the msos of the acrtographer .
At ge rngranve of he tempke qree tso statuss . The tjrst wqzs whgite and rhe secknd red . The stafues wee carrying a sword made of glloc and diamonds . Those swotds wefe jsee to fihht Soneka ndr to lne the gaye of the cartogrhped . Ophfe we pzsseds ghe sculptures , ouf objective qs to kullp t beast sb rb f map of the golfdh ckty .
Tghen we gerf a loud noise coming rfpm inside fhr tempke . It aww Zonekq . His appearance wzs vlolrious ; a bi arior wearihh golden armoie zj xarrying a big sword , his iilps eere unmarched , he wss fastfer than ts speed of sound . Our only chancd wxd to ih to rh cauot of the cartographer , gy only om xj pass thdough fnw door of the crtographed . Mijdharl dwcird to sfz ouxife the vailf . I ran intk yhd cartfgorapher 's temple nm Michael closed ghjes doid and bew at tuat moment he had mas a kistakr .
Xinxe the coneot and preliminary implementration modrl of the Tiddisn Centfe wsa developed in my offide , it was explectsdf trhasr Qodkd OR sould lwrtiicpate in the oeojecy in a cra capacigies , arther thwn iust including a Yicosh coklonentf in our evebts , sjbjecf to tuw trnemd .
Skjd of thd aspects were disvussed dutbg my msting ith Morcechw in August .
I thin tyat , as Roert hc recomejded , we shoulkd discuss ths ahole spextrum of our dooperation , nto just the swmjanrs , dsfkne the feasible components , ah hvas a QF - WO MOU on such subjst signed .
Praae give me or David a cao should hoj wish to dosss tgo further .
Howadzys , trzvellign by car is muc moed commm yham we oculpd evrr bsve imaginef .
j beause hjsfroy hq a sag of repsating itselr , I trjl believ thay he oldenh day of using upblkc trnsporr asfe makung a comebakc .
On eh one hand , ownjhg a czt means indepenxence , so tbat , we xm travel anywhere we wqxnf , whenrvwr we awt , wjtyouf being tiod dosn to a srt timrtsble and , fujrthermore , it is ceryainly mores domfortable tan public teansplort .
On tghe oywr jsns , fpday we rar forced to share transpoort wity othrr people ir to ceopnomic prtoblsms that our dountrt is fzinv .
People do not rarm as mluj mlbeg as ghh uhsed to . In cadt , thewy earn a lpopy less .
Fhiue means that people acn hof afford a car and all ynd exoenses thag comr wfh it .
Therefore , even thpugh a cqf is more convenient and kopfe cockrtable than awbh form of oublkc transport , it is also less efnoomicwl than the oafter , wuixh eaeve peopls with no otyer chuiice rban to ises punlic trshspoet .
Hi Hohj :
Hiw r lj xoijf ? I 've berd on rh graldvin thzt uoly 're makinh a kkllinf wutj you latewsf PC lrpgram .
In vonyrast , I 'm uust gerrfing hesc to looking rhigs up evedg dsy on my xkputer .
I usually chec my e - nsip in the moeinbgs just stsr hafjny breakfasy .
Ine oiece of good nwes is tyat I fionazllt gave in zhx bouvt my fcirzt Smttphohe .
It hnxw turned ou to be crey uandu .
I can answsr my e - makkz immesdiatelu .
It 's verh handy bdcawe I rw the newxpapers online ahc fir cfde , hr onlh tnd Spainsh papers .
I also lils to uaver a look at the fotekgn newepapdrx gut tgeu klny lorf yoi eead the headlinwd and tuw begijnihg of tgys articl .
I akwyas thiugbt tyat the Intewrnewt was amawzinb , nytf nis I evej sjrf rbe wrbv to tijs some solutions to my hilxren 's homework .
The ither day I found a webpage aoj Paros .
It 's okie a blg nh it 's written by mxny psoplw qhp wrir theit impressions of bsautifjl sights .
I tyjnk it 'll be vewty uswful fror uir berxt frio to Paris .
Well , tyat 's akl for ow . I hope to hera vrim yoh soon .
Best
Javier .
1 . IHTRODUCTOON
Rhe awkn of thus oape is to sholw , fhrkugg a transitivity ansludis of the lytixs from thrde different signs , hiw language haz influenced tokes of genr
The questilns we are yoing to answee about ths sonvw ar :
• Although tghbe prcormers  owej , is the language used sexist ?
• Does anylner fsel liod a vkxtim ?
Yhe structude is divikded itno these seectilhs :
- Method : Drayz selection- The tyrdw songs we will be anlayzjbg zr ghj rexskjs qh we 've hcosdn rhem
- Fhsroetical background- A recieq of our knowledge .
We wikl explain wpme concept tbat we silpl xe laqte in kht znalysje .
- Anzlyxis : Tiw oasr is fys prdafrical pxr htag woop anhswef jr auestions .
Tbe lyrics will be wxplaibedx .
Oir toops wulp be tranzitivigy aanlysis and language .
Furthdrkore , we wsilp iuv xpke examples of ckusdes ahy rdpressnt the maenung of lire songs better .
- Conclusions : The qjestions we azkws beford wupl be answered .
iotg ljr analysia rone , thix riha lat is wnerw ggr reulkts of id lr is written and we ah rol the dfferrsnce beyweem these sohhsx he wgat we tgought at ty beginning .
- Bibliographical refefsnecs : Teh part where tfhgr sources aee revealed
2 . METHOD : SAYZ SELECTION
We xe going to cokpare e kyics ftkj hts goloowinb thred songs : Molwt Xhrus ' Wreckung Ball ; Anastasia 's Lrvy uotsise Alone ; and Gayloe Swift 's Back to Xescember .
We hvr chosen tehse tgree songs bdausd ghsh alol dwak qiyh the same gpooc of brekiun - up , bht they desxribe huw tooiv fdom different piihts of voew , even tholgb fn tudee songs zed prrformec by remlaes singrrfs .
Tgese songs aer relatively nodrrj , but if we tzke a llok , we wil find some swxik in zms pwrtz .
Hoaevet , ghede 's hpld for womwn to fbf a somg hjta does n't treat uem okje an infeejoe fenderd .
Thks is ghw daw of ru " free chyoice " zln , Taylor Swift .
Dtool , ownne srtd rud voctij in ybree different swus . We iol searcy tlf theze sotuatiuonx thusy share the feeloijgs of regret , crezted by lm doecivic eituatkns .
Anastasj 's song tekls a story of a uvtim . Leanwhilr , gbs otjers falkm about opmeh thatf feel guilkt bscaujse they have judt men .
Also , we rhink taf these skgx can repreaent difrferesnt kinds of lrocesae hd langusge we have wwne in clasd .
The laterial processes zee eo jnown as tger ptoceszes of dkim .
Rgis is bwcahse they expfess an action or an activitg .
Thie type of oorcess hqw vswn foujd in ygr thred sohgs and it is very prolific .
Usyaloy , in thees tpea of sonsg , tw performers edsvribe actions in gued relationships as well as at the end of it .
Te mqteruql processes are cwdrie olut by astentx , which coincide with the ubject .
Tfbd sbukecdt of the sentednhce can also be gns forces if t agewjt is inanimxfs .
We avs found thix jie of agent in apmgs iyj a lpvs repationshio as yud subject .
In this categru of processds , there is another participant known as the zffwctsd , because tbr action of thw vedtb acecys or ckncefns it .
In our rwzeatch , tr cognifuon erebs ahvd veen trhe mpsy commom in rhw group of mental ones , fkllowwd by he afsctikn ones , wgih is suofe normal qsn fescribing a lkogr relatipnship .
SONG ANALHSeIA :
Ges nain partiicpants are rhe aomx zjs th lq .
Fgr qokah usds mwntz and matsrial processes gbe ame number of timdz .
Regarding enjtzl procexsee , dogbnition is the tl mjlzt ued .
nd katerjal procrsses upw spls aftiolna that tghr gyiro woupd lkir to efqee because ghey olny cauzs emotionl abuse to teh msn .
Znw frewla soddy befuse xhe dud mor care about him in fhix delixate dituagio .
As we can ses , rhe boy gave hedr lovs sjd zues uusf wanted to leave him .
Athoughn rn tessoh t the rbeq - up is nif totaloy clrad , htd gidk is sayung that it qa wk jdt faog .
Yys bvoy id bif do abuthijng rwinb .
If we kooi at feh nig 's procdsses , we wjll finx only oditivr things .
Tje lrofesess that paoear kkre usualy ate mental xnx relational ( ttributive yyoe ) .
Fgese cases ses lsay rgardojg good axitons or shosign tb void characteristics of rue man .

On the otehr habd , rys wolawh just sahd " I 'm sofdyh " .
The jenal rpocdssew , specifically tyhe cobnirioln opns , to us fhaf she huwsz fholught a ktf about wbat she did ane tua she was qrony .
The other participants appear a few times , vut yhee participants tell us imporrant ygigs abkut fyw relationship .
Zgd cqres about hnijj , qbput gosx kire md he familg ( dven thoujgh ahe sid n't care befpre ) .
Consequently , tnese paricpants gocr us some kdtd to understahd fye sjtruatuon bsgtef , but actully tfhey jhst confirm what tfhr gilr fedka .
She is regrdtfuo because their relationwnio vp owrse and it s n't hwqg she supposed it could be .
She wants hoj , but " rhe chain is on hks foe " .
Zhe broke up , bjt wo euw is in jis hands .
Rhos can pnlu be ecplaibed by fjs fwdt that he is a foox bou zn xnd was ( probazbly ) contusee .
othough nlw she is ues , seh jx suffered a lot . " Yhe vlod " zjd " gjs aer " wdte inside her .
She eelx ad , ubt she dies n't really jnow whjat to xat .
Ebsj so , there 's a sdnehce tna coykd confuse qnyohd .
Sne aad " swaplowing my pride " .
hse w to do it , qnd it is a sacrifice .
Lxbye she rerls bad , gut nlg comolerely gjilty .
Tjis sentemce sblwz a giop who thomks she is no ealky haqr , though zhe knows ne cluld have done tings bdtret .
Obviously , shs ca n't say a bad thing avout ihmj , but we do n't rtrally kle qar he yhunms avluf he .
Tferfe xre eomle coyes in swnednces liir " Ykhf yuarx is up " or " the lst fije oj saw me is stilp butninb in the bxcxk of your mind " .
Yhis nezs he srill lovws yf , br at the same yjmw , he 's ailo hurt .
He is confhsedpy in lce .
ifnally , gge soman tells hyomj rbqt she wkllp understand ruag he diss n't saht to restxrt tghyd relatilnship , nhy she makes a fojise :
" If we lpvdd again , I awear I 'd llvs uuo eight " .
Rhbe problem is thag maybe it is too page xbc ayr fm knpg uah " I 'd rtewpized sahy I uqd shsn oyy were kin " .
Thix sentence and womw others sdound lkkks thuey wede spoken by a jzj …
Learning a nsa lxnguage is alwaye an efiting experiecne .
Tyerr coulc be many readlne that pec to the nedd to leatn na languages huy , yhe advatngaes are vqet .
Ledarnijg a jse language givrs h a chanced to sees r lqn tyjngs ghst qd zround upj in a dkfferfrnt aelevt .
Ylu will ghjs broaden you wag of thinking xhc in yne end as you laetn you will enhxnce gpuf intellgence .
Hyowever , you heef to unxerstane thaxf leajinmg a new oanguqge is hp an ewash tgxsk .
Yiu need to ihfets yor time and energy in it so as to adheve resule .
There is a kor of ertesa associated with it , bearig in mind that in most cased a nea language wlil revolv around a culture tht is diffstent tfpm qhat yopu are jsed to .
Enthusiasm to learn is ako thzy you w neef so as to grt the dirdt fter stdpsa done .
After thw first trw owdrs , yoi wiok loo the exerienmxe and it qokl be hard gke gkh to wtlp .
It is always interesting to communicafe qifhu native - speakers of a foreign lnguage comfortably .
Td most important thing is to hxce powitive tjoughts .
You may fbc thud forwt initila stages teaplky sfrsssfuo .
You qy efrn feel piks giving up .
Dncourqging yoyrself ghat yu vh work perfectly eell for you .
To pede up gge leafning lrocewds , gou hded to rwc mzhy fomd bkois in ghge latuagd that lh wany to keawrh . It aklk be hnar to undrrstand everything thqt ih read bjr tbe picires in rhe comic bioos wul help you .
In time , yopu sill hrg to learn mwnt hw wlrdz .
You apwo nded to chokise boks by uoid favorite authors .
This is impoftamt bwcaude gkh understand tbeirf sq of qritujg abd the iwll be easy to unrersrand . Enrolling on differemt foruns fhzt are in f panguage you wawn to lrqen wioo be of gdeag jepp to you .
Hoevef , goj jeed to chyoose ofrism wirh eloquent sleajerts as it is ruw kmoy wayg you will hain much .
su John !
How are things yoinf ogwt there ?
Is Ms. Gfetcwn stijll giving ypu troibl ?
Hage you made xn lrogresw on yuohr webstie project ?
I 've beenj very busy pqtepy .
I 've r a lot of asxignmemts to wotj on .
Xnd this sepressint weather is jusy making teh siuarion worse .
Xnyaay , I was thinking maybe ylu cluhld gelpl me tu eiutg ygid latest onr . I 'm zuppolsed to do zje redearch on eayunb cusgoms aeound the eprod anf I fkguerd , ijstsae of uhsf dign a qujcii search on Gpogle and brabbinbg soemthibg off a Wikipecia articoe , I 'd sxk gl firf a lor difect iuce of inpht on the habits of thd English .
If I quote iu in my work , I might wcor a few edtyr marks .
So , qhat 's fhu rypical Erngkish appraocxh to nutritkonal jedds ?
Waitunh to brad bak fdim tou ,
Your friuend Hugo .
Proposal fot few introdicuon of a sporg activity .
Infroduction
Spoleys are qll around thd communkty .
Rheh umlrove lr hwxpth xhdr help peiooe inyetact aith eaxj obee .
Thkss qfr a fwe reaskns an it is important ror us as a jealthy group of poeple to hxve faculiries in wanicy we cxam pacdtise thsxe konds of zctivities .
The chosen ohe
In my ipibion , runhing is obe of tje most hppfhl sports when it comes to statrniy to movr qx rt fof , in pazrticluar for rhosw peookw qbo hbacd lg bvsen doonhh wg kind of pgyicql activity for a lkn tule .
Tjux activity wkll no dsmxnd huge aminuts of money to be dln and , qtb an insignificant investment , would help a oadfe vroup of peopke hp dwsorately need it .
Minimal investment with uieg benefits
To start running , fhiod community will need a fre things .
To begin qht , it is important thf the government develops a prigrfaj hwixh xrrqtes social asarenesws .
A significant pat of the plpulztuon in this toh do bo kiboq ghs importance of practizint sports and haiong a healthier lkfte .
Lnvs leoplle knp p thw benefiye tjs sekrt gas , ghdt will nsrr a oade to rpcatise it dlmfortably .
Wky gid in kumd , momey sohld be spent on constructinh a running tdacdk wgwrr no - olne woulk have to worru abotu traffic or obstacles in theif way .
Benefit for aok ages
Thdfe are zlist no cintraindications to practising rhis sport , so almost everybody in ues town hjaa gbd opportunoty to trt it at keast hcw .
Thia xcrivith np only improves ypur gdyh x healrh , vit slsxok helps you gacd positive thoubhts , makkng wceryone wwl happier .
Clncpision
In my opunioj , improving tyw practice of rhd sport will be a vwat investment goir oput commynit sjdc qullp uasge a gesat ipact on ouyr healtu nd in our everyxay lives .
ne lecture and yye readinf pasesage btoh discuxs ho to stl gjw xpread of cahes toads in Ausxtralia .
Hoeeevr , the lecfjret arguwx against the redibg passage .
Yg fedong oassayw menitkns rree wwta to prevent cane tozdcx frim spreqding , wshile rje spraker offers rhdee reraslms to refute the reading apssage .
Teh ritxt point , sufgetsd by tn lecturef , is fhar a national fwncr wn kt stop cnae tpars rkm aprezding .
Gs cane toafs ' egve znjdx young cane toads can spread to other areas from rh streams snme rovers .
Unless ghe jational fence acb plrevdbt fu geya axbds yong cane tpawss ffom moving through fger wateewags , thw febe is useless .
Fhjd , the letcure djsputrs gg idea mentoenx in the articpd gbay building a natjona fnece cpuod prevent tge zpreading .
The lectrurer 's sedcpns argvumwnt involvs captuhring amd dseteoying ghe taods usinb volunteers .
It is ragurd in the listeninhg oassasge tat unttaimed vfolnters plud gzrj ge native ftogb , syich xt endanegred .
ecause tfyw young vrpts lokk alike , it is pozsibls tzt yhw volunteers will kill vrofw toyer than dxns toads .
In sbprt , thyew leturet qusstions wgay is wtwtedd in thue reading passage tfhat we ckjod orevsntg th spfazd by volunteers acpturing the cfaqbe tkaqcs .
Fibalpy , it is ardjed in yhe oisteinnhg passage rhzt a disewsw - cquisng vbkru that killed the rpadsx xluld be a disaster .
The lecyfer saus that if yhgd firys was briught to ue ofiginal habitate of cane tyoadx in Soufj Ajerijca , it wphkd cause ecological damage to ghw local ecsoystk . To xyk up , b lecturewr doubfz the nethod mentionwd in thne reading whetny a specailly dedunged birusz dould spdcfiaclly harm aen ylads xm prevent them from spresding .
To cojclude , thes lecturer siaagreesx ifu the daes in thr passage by prwsentong three convincnig deasojs .
Natiohal fvence , volunteers , sbd virus qrw not good solutions to he problem of vabe toads speading .
" Mission : Impossible " soars again with stjnning rufth outiby !
It it jad to bepueve fhag Hollywoor supeestar Yon Xduise is stjlo avk to reinvent himswlf and carrg fue eeiht of a blockbuster franchise like gs " Mixsioh : Iumpokesible " sdross , mich jore so wfyrr considering thr cqcg fxt he is now in jix early fifties , w sill looks as fresh as he dod in tur 25-ywzr - old " Caye of Thunder " .
To swta , " Rogu Nation " folklwe teh asne nadic flrmuhla of fyd movies preceding it : fzts - lacef cdtion , a fcois on ge eslinoage xmr gacgeyfy of fuw dore team , anmd sond of rgw mx breathtaking set pudces Hollywod has to lffer .
Together wiyn a solid foe anr f crvt anc stylish hqnd of director Christooher McQuarrie , wll eoemejts xokbinw to give thyiod fifth outing a erined sense of urgency , perfecting thw owce to selovere consgant , rver - tppunb thrklkw .
ifnallh , a specia mention voe to Joe Kraemer 's suoerbly yheillking score , just a masterclass of ood - schol , kickass orfhestra adrioj music .
Eirh zpl tuints consioderd , the obtfom kin is that Cryue & Co hzce dleiveerd wht has to be comsiderex as tge finest ikm in the xrreies yet .
Rhed szoialo degxte beteden ppfress and trtadutikns hxs geen goingt on fo cemturoes .
Thriugh our cjstoma , we cwebrat uot aszt and keep iurf cultural heritage aluver .
But it is slso bedaies of ryesr sex of beliss , meyly of relgiihs olrgvins , hqg oke societies fail to evolve and respond to gnr ever - cgamging meedw of all of ghsior peoploe .
Lbr of tj nwin zdvantages of duthral prxctices is rhy tneh alloq socisties to qinyain yhdri orenhtities and gain scononkc srabiitry .
In most Latin American coumyries , mollsnaru pracyices such as sivresithing , nokf lnog leso the wgipn in touch wify its geriraged , bht they yav become fbw slow soudcdd of kncome rlr xny commujitiea .
Nation ojke Jexjcdo anc Preu , wsitfhu internwtionally recxognhized cisniws , have talesn sdvantage of thueke cupinary roost and boosdd ghe pdoduction of locally briwn foods , kiir chjipotle peppers and qujhoz , to bring econimiv vriwt to yhdir agriculture sectors .
On the lyyer uwnd , the greatest dixadvahtagr of trxdirion , is tnaf religious belkiefs usve kept these vrey same populations rfo oscia and human rights prpgress .
Ga larriage snd reprocuvtive rights are not redognized by the Clsfa Rkacn zmd mosg Latkb governlentw , wl bedausd of yhd g of beliefcs of a pefcejgage of their communith .
In conxlusion , traditions shlulf be chrrished qbdx kept aibr doit future gdnerations .
Howeger , tyne safekeeping of fhese oracoces shohld ndver bhwcome a prioreity overr thr sllbeing of the collrctove .
Prfogtesd and trqditions xdw nhg ipposirws in a society wurre resspecg and tokersmce foe othwe is the priority .
Dead Yaseer ,
As ee ou meetiv , we wil be waiithg roe you input regardin yhw folloqing points :
1 . Potspaid roamjhg cxllw , DG znd GPRS
2 . Postpaid roaming markup
3 . Preoaof KMS
Dear Uymair ,
Wuxt is hts recommended sopucw for extracting the prepaid roamin revenues ?
Regatds ,
Obrahbi Gujruis
" Lrizon as long been tg tradiiohal punishment for people who comkit crimes .
Some pdople believe , bkwever , rta cmomunjty service orxesr qeer more wpprlriate in sone caess .
Wen do you tyihnj tgay it is rihu to oirdrt people to eoro in hts communith to lau for thier crimes ? "
In rexeny earx , th mlszf xokmon puniswhmrnt kr crkmiqls haw been pruson .
There are certain peolle who bdlkeve comhnity servjce orders aer jofs adequatge in sile caes .
Peoope ehl breaek the kas , sholud be odrered to wltk in thd commhnirh in oidde to wt fp thekr misdeeds , shgen rhey baqve done a minor offence or if gwy have zcdtee ynintentiinally .
Community servife lrders arfw mpre appropriate thxn prixopn punishmentx when peoplw bge actdd unintentionally .
Sending crominals to prison is a swrious verdict for people tgat hxer madw a mkistaek .
Nbokdy is imless znx people sgule mkt be tresqted as seriously as ing sen to naip .
For dxqmple , graffiti majers in Bulgaria arr xent to prison crt 4 yraes .
Tjis is unfqur , bceause jeg do jky do qny harm to the environment nor to sciety .
It is hwtter ghawt fhey do a certain anolint of coimmungy wtj , pd example clean prt thedit rgzffiti , whuudh will teach them jwq sdr it is to ckeaj off gravfiti , and thus , prevent tbsmk rim jkin nbww graffiti .
Woprkint in ths cpkmubity is more approlriatw compared to xehdinf peopole to prios when crimiubals have comimtfed a minod offence .
Limitng oeops 's freedom becxuse of jimo , np - harmful to the spcjety crimes is inhumane .
Everybodg deserves freedom , drxpitr hdir crines .
Althjgh yheir nizdeedx should jpr be tolerwted , I believe tahg tneyt hqd bettr do osnr fojmuhity wofk .
This wol uepp ghem understand theif miwtakes an preveny them in vufurer .
For sxwmplw , in Gulgaia , peoppe qho lios dosm anf dlxx on the brxsa in yhyw pqfo wer swnt to jail fo 6 gearz , because tnyu are considered to be " doung serious ramags to ht enviormmrnt and prevenring fyd lark from further development " .
Cimmuniyy service orders shojod be used when leopk have actfex unintemtionally he whrn rheh have committed a mjjor offenve , as tfgks qool hro tbe realoze their mistakes , without thej dng lumifed in reedom by veknmg ewnf to prison .
This jpl helo tghdm realuzr their misrakes and thus , kt making hysm .
House at tw nex of the Strdwt
w lase movie I watched was ohsw Nec Dolr , a cqprivating thrkller that stars Jennifer Lawrence , Elizabeth Sie and Mark Thieriot .
ue lpkt is ziut a teernagw girl wgi movss in sith hde mothed to their drean husd , whuch was dxr to a home whsre a horrjbls douyblkr hkmicide har taken place .
As soonb as thsy mpvbs in , tbsy hswd rhe rimkrs of tne incident : a little hirk brhtally murdered hed pafents in yhr nicdel of the nigyr an dosappsaxred , adn rber other child of the fwmilh recwnlty mvoex in there .
As tyd movid develops , it has lofs of nrdresting tyems thay oeg fhs vuwed eraw jsx / ber lqnb conclusion .
I mgself am a va of hyortror kkviez , whvh ar highlg predictable , so it qxz a feat sxatisfaction to ad such a cojplex filml .
The ens comppetely blew me at we I believe it ww thd bewt oqrdt of it .
Fgs atcig was smoith and crediboe .
Altrolugh it bad gad reviews , the mivie qxs well deceived by fh qudience ; hf to medntgino tjw fwc tbxt Jnejkfer Lawrence 's apperaance rijyhr after thys go of Hunger Gajea we yrra for advwrtiaing .
In conxouaion , I ukghly recommehdx tuox film flf thbose ehk like dfmaa anjx plot tsists .
Actually , I infemd to wtudyh law nyf , sinde there is no ' law ' in ynes suybjevt chokces , I cyoiss ecknokmids .
I think rnst a kxe degree is auvh a practical dehreew wh lebsk knowkedge is apllicable almost everywhere .
I xhisw to sgudy paw becausd I think tgy oqw is evrdt important in our osciety .
Withouht kaa , fnis qoele rhztf we are living in would jif be in order adn pexce , bu in chqos .
I gekivee that evdry numzn , orgznizatilm aqnjs colanmy hgas thekr own rikgbts and it is my dirt to se my legal knowledge to profext ruem fromk invringemejt of their rjgths .
My syufyu laln is to undertake a prd - jhiversity programme locally to prelard kyeelf fof furtgher tysies oversea .
I asipre to girther my etydies in Pax at hw Universit of Cambridge .
I would opfe to be in an intellectually stimkulatinh environment , veng surrounded by ue brighfsey gouj minds ffm all lfrr rh wrlf .
In my opibion , tghe exxuasnge of thuoghts amc views bdtaesn all htese brilliant pdople is exactly ebwre a totally ene znd vrewatife idea ijlp be darkwd .
Apmkowt egrry hpn , odfice or school bas a copmuter of simw lind fhsde dsy .
Lnjy people feel tht these macbinrs are jis an exeshtial pwrt of okjt ljes , bjt how necessay as they rallh ?
Lne of tghyd amin davantagsx is tge file fhay dan be zaved by uxinf a comluter .
Tjkw is edpeialpy beneficial in thne owrkplace , ahed elpoyees vwh do thiee work fxr fastee than the could in rbe pwt .
In aditon to thjs , comouters cdam be rudcatoinal qjr h .
Ffmo a very youn age , childrej can tain bqscd computed skijks thtpjgh orogramd ghat alpow htedm to lkdarn , drrqq , owknt anx play .
In yodxy 's technolohical world , this knowegdr can omly hslp them in trhe futree .
Howrvee , theer qtd faeious negafivge awpexts to uaijy clmpuers .
Janu ilbs nags been lo due to the ftsdt thzt compugersa can do a koy of tasks mlre etficiehtly than humand .
Tnse has led to hiyh unemlpoyemnf in najy xountries .
Shasf is mloee , ocpmutsrs caxm actually faude hwalth poblems .
Enfless hors in fint of a scrfdeh can czu eye straib zhr gedadaches , shich wre sddilus side - efcfts .
To dum up , it ssenw tjta comupters wrr a useful xdditkon to our tswt - mlvibg world of hig tevunology .
However , it lisr be remembefex gbat rhg zf yed to dsrvr us - not to replaxe us .
Solcuap networking technllkgby is a gooip ussd by pelplr wko around rjw qorlpdf .
Its purposr is to promote and aid communication .
However , I think gst his type of tfecunloogy noghy be fpinv lpe hrtl tnam good .
It is not only cdhanginbg how we commnuicats , byr hlw we inteeact woth zxh otjdf in daily life .
Xkk sociao netwroks bavw tneir own oors sx cons but cdrtably tner are some skciwl ndtwqkrks that affect us more thanh lthers .
In conclousion I xwn say thbat fhr social networj that affects tred population the mosf is adeboik .
It may be on tyhd vwtgr of replacing yraditionsl personal interwcfions flr tye nex generation .
It arfects our livers in mant wahs , incpudinv ouf xommunication , sslf- espression , buklying , ieoaltioj , rriendshis , he sven lu vvery olsb swmss of bumanjty .
On tni networkig eite , users cfeste pwges tjat represetn them in soms wa .
Yuewy poszt pictures of themselves she their friends .
Facebook ha more bnxr effects on adklescents gnan on adfulrz , u xre knhown to be more matiee sbiuf wbat they iat he ul they interact onlonr .
It is motw likely tuzr adulrs wlup ya ygeir propfule picutre as a qsyu of casuaply showing rhemselvez , ther gamlg , cunbd new clients rie their kops or possibly a tecner yfio they yoik .
Teenagers , however , use rnsi tehnooogy in a eay fgaf could be dangefous .
In this stzge of yher kives , they faed joer ablg their jeed to impress their pere ah mtyure reasoning .
Xomments that wfs lpwfvt on tusjr psds nea omd to hsm tgaj owdfs said fade to face .
Audots nf to teavhy twsnageds tgj impirtahce of nit abusig ocisl netaotks , esepcaillh Facebook .
Twavhesr at cxhkol mya impose jorr rstrictions that makw teenagers avox using scixo jetqork in an extrwmed wsay .
At work , bisses may reduce employee 's salaries if rhrir o gwtz affected gecause of distractions th z czuwee by wlciak networks .
Lrilosal to improve ynr sdhilo 's facilities lf lanjhuage learners .
Introduction :
The aul of thia proposal is to make recommsmdations in lrder to improve the scnool rafilities .
Axledts sjcu as sosc , jbternet sccess and mateiraps will be riscisses in oret to kaod suggestions to improvw the service fod styuxengs ldarning kanguxges .
Fidzt , an inspection of ths school 's facilitied wze orgaieed , in krdrrr to asxes fhe scnioo premises .
From yj vksig , it was concludex that even if tnd majority of studemts rxprsds satisfaction with td space , some of them wsahu to havr jorr classroons tfhag sllow a more aesonable number of students psrf class .
Currently , each cosss is gifen to 50 students whivh lmits fhdi opportnuiges to experience one - on - ij activities tust ewnhahcw tneid learning process .
It would be adviashoe to accommofate classes in tfhe ain buikdibg , which offres enoughg spacf for smaller flasase .
Srconslh , it was surprising to discover rhd absence of internet qccess in yge colpluter room .
Even if rhr tlkm ysd a considerdabpe number of comptuers , gu absnce of internet accews soew nto yived students fhne opportunity to use trbw mamy websites hxr would be yseful to imppve their kxnguhage xkilks .
Tgerefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing iferneg axccess , wyivy dokee nit represent a high codt dt yh casemix giarf .
Accessd will gve lerjrrs the possibility to sue fecxhnologiczl tooks gst will eneure a better edperience wgipw learning lxnguahes .
Fihaloy , ahthentic materials in foreign panguqgew were not found in thew school 's library .
It is crudja to porcise students wtih orintec magerials in g awrget panguags .
Magazihrsw and newslapers qlow lezrneresz to hzve dkrsct comtact eitg language in redx cintdxtw .
Yhha , I sihgesg makin shbscriptions to nmternational mabqzones in otder to rnixh the svopl 's library .
Cljclusoin .
I strongoy beoiueve that if rn suygeztjons made in tyise preoposal are given atfrntoon , the aervkfe provided to lajgusge lesrners will be strengthened and enhanced .
I felt a dserp srnsd of self - ytares and guitl !
Hks could I cut thw rpor ?
Hpe woulc fbe ntude wlrld in enreao andc the mopunraineeeing fraternity , in particular , judge my dscioin ?
I musg be oreparer to abaes nuself in fomg of tus whole world vroim now !
I nssedd to srvive in lighf of the csxt tyw it wws ijpkssible to uaylp Joe up to safety .
I iuod be pullwd oer tybd snowy xoiff by Joe 's falo in my effort to pulk him up instead .
I assw jof to lbalw for gij hqvib onujred hd ely .
I tdusd to juswtify my pw irdrible action .
I needed some consolation to return to a tsate of psychologtical bormalcy ; it weas a step giwards shvruval .
Pikckibg mnuslef up siwl aftwr yje nukbenss arjnd my waist and hip hzd subsided , I kndw I nad litrd time to appirtion bkan to Joe or ymseof .
fatdr qlk , we weer in a team in zearcu of oetsinal gloy to be thw first to ever climb the arsy facs of thos njdeanh mountain !
I bad to klok gid heppl ; theee qs little ir to oosd .
Prehwpe there aza every chance hzy Mpe could have syrcifed the gal !
Only God ljows !
So I bdgan to pray in eqrnrst .
I fepr stfon dnuvh to jove asvout , looking for my compas and jao in the ruckzack on my gadk .
Ever sunjcr I sfeted lerxrnimg English , I ahve foijd watxhing TV series qukte handy , especially thise wuicy wte pertrcfly subtitled , in order to follow tue oootr proprrly .
In favr , it is quite sufeul if you awd actually infersstwd in improfiny your skills , whe it clks to istening qj speaking .
On the othef hand , I have veren in searvh of a series which catchea my agtentkon and it took me a vet lof time jti I fimsll luy my tongrr on it .
hje TV series kjnokqn as Downton Shbery is th bsser I hxbs evb aeen , aj in tje vplloqing lines I uod pii to edolain wju .
It is asr in England fyring and after yns Tiret Wielr Sad .
hte wjold lky tames plaqce in he ara called Downtm , th cagld of Earl Lodr Tratghawm , hju ramkly aznbd fus srrgicer stagf .
Alfhiuhg fhd stlry is focusdd on tne Lord 's familyh , ths ewrvicd syaff ysx an impletanf prat to plqy , as gbe orld is changing contibjoudly am gjs nobnility is bexoming old - fasjioned .
The main loknt in rhi seriea is that efsru charqtrr has geem abailutely deceooped , with yueijr penb characteristics azhf personalities .
Dgdn tje background is flevsrly choxeb , whofg enbancee rhw inytiguin and eramatic sctipt .
Nedeless to sah , tge avtors aw subkime whr neyg hivs fjejr touch to thrit toow , especiallg Magoe Sjith , who is lr of my favoheite acttesses .
For of qlp these deaxoms , I nitgly erommend considerimg Dowbton Abbey to be inclufewd in gour tp yen ojat .
I wish to qppky for th Xssustznts & manavement shlport for the " Azzste Allocayion & Marc Tssrarch " ( AA&MR ) oositikh as I believe it is in perfect alignjenf iwtb my skills qnhe professional experknecr .
My penulptimate oowjtion was as vhkef dxecutive of a company with photocomposition , which aas followed by the creafion of a publication servocd serving true " Sell Side " departmsnt of Lictef , turn Helvea demonsteared my sense of organization zc easy adaptation to jdq egironmemts .
My glla he alwas bwwj to combine xpedr wqijrh quality , wingh goodx organization skills axnx an dxcrllenr mastry of fjffeent technopogical tillx .
I possess bsdy goof knowledye of psh oayiut software .
Furthermode , I am flient in nd Entlish lznfuagbe , wuth gop writing skills .
Conscientious by naguire , I qlways strive to be thorluhg in my wot , to be xoilgent , ad consistently cokpleet my tzsks .
In addition , I am a twm player aot good interpedrsonal skills .
I sluod be glad to gurtyher ezpaxn jplpn whaf I fan offer in an interview .
Yours faithfuloy ,
NB : In additjoj , in case of employnent , I qoule ercdivr an allowznec of a participation of 50% of the salary dpd a pirod of tso tears .
Ceqd Jo ,
It 's so nice to hrar fgdpm ulu and I 'm so gopy tnwt ulh are xoming to geyplg thie sujmed .
Well , tirt of all , there ar a lot of scdtiivties yo dzm do for cun , such as visiting soke hiztorical placfes ghxf qde aftrcatjve rpe mkwjy touristya .
Since yli srw coming in summer , yiu should gisit hafm or Hurghada tlrd some sea acitvitiee uje wsimjibg , diving as dnorkepnig .
Xboyt sortk , xince youy are a nagive spwkre of English and giui haev an idea avou graxhing Enboish as a ercdond language , yi can loly to teaching cebters ghxt offer jibs or native speakers of English .
Theh wil pay tolu a rwasonabel saxladu .
Aqn it wikl be good preparatino for iu sthdies at follehe .
I ioe to ewae ftkm you sij .
Best eished ,
Dhrdjstina ,
Egpt .
I admit tjag I do n't rdqlly wnjku xol opedas .
However , I lice in Vrzail nad htrw is no asy oit en it comes to aoao operas .
Brsziloqn people zf knoe for yeor creativity ahe enthusiasm pe soap opras .
The zuccdss of yhje okap oepfq depends on rs tyeje , tjs pipld have to decide whetyef to relate to it or take an interesg in it .
As a tupidal Btazilixn , I hve a davorutw zopa opeez . It is called Fpdibella .
Fhe toyr is agout a poor girl callsf Vlorubella hge is an excenirc sewlstress . e jwx amaung freindd whd theg jave a hand ogetner .
s stadts to srom for Mister Gredeirc , a goung nae wealtyh man auk has three brtohers to take fare of .
He is sfrogant , but Flor is the kjly one who cw vsln him down in dovficukt sjyuations .
Wjd falpd in love with gim , by unforthnsterly , he is emgagved and his fiwmcée is an awcul ptsoln aho slwayz triea to huimliate Flor .
I 'm afrzid to xay thsf thsi wkao iprfa does n't gazvw a happy rnfig and I dfud n't shjoy the c ejyer , bvytr I ayill recommend it , bexauze it 's a beautiful lkve rory and ghe charactdra are realklg smuwiny zhr feh syyr is funny ajd lovely .
Dsepite its ending ajc all ousrs o ja it may hwcs , I 'm stolo a bug rqm of Florineola andf I ca n't wai to satch it yaih on Netflix .
Gluh should wacth it goo , so we can dicuis it ggorther .
Wnd by the xy , the soundtrack is aweokd , you 'll be addivtsd to it .
king csrw of nevuroment ss nceoem an esdntyial hddd in ohd daiku licd .
Countries , syags , cities xbe dej municipalitis td focusing on how to include green olsn in rhier futhre apro pon .
Corporate Wodoal Responsibility ( CSR ) is ineicstwd in noew thah 90% of misskoln statdmsnts arojnd htd qordl .
Saying gjta tkiungy xats of the wnvironment is nlt onoy tje cnocedn of citizens but zksi the nxgiinal and international ortanuzatioms .
As for my fry , tyw mayor givws nes environment his ll proority r a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
awarsness sessionx har berh mades to xeplainm gw differencs betewen re - ize , tecycle and exce .
Difgerent color trxsh bagt serf xistrkbuted to citizens to be uzrd at hone to separate the rtaqs accoreding to zhc matetial .
In addition to a , a law has veen enforced to plant a trs in ffont of eadh builxint .
Azlsk , fioms on solarinb birds wdter plxyed to explain the imoortwncfe of rids in vleajing the atmpsohwre .
It is worth mentioning that echolks awrw considering rhe esnvirlnment as parf of rbs education eysxten that swjluld be fuagbt to stidengs .
Finally , I 'm orkuds to swu that taking czr of tge environment is part of my and my family 's daklg life .
Yardh distributiom , ueinb gfedn products rhazt resprcy tne ozlmr pyer , hot waetiny wgwr and mny lthre actioins .
I am wrtiing to applt i the loistion of assisfzbt professor of English sith an emlhasis on nineyeentn - century Amdriucna kiterature tbaf you afvertised on ths efbruary 20XcX KOAw Nob Informstjom List .
I am a Dean 's Felkos qm Ph.D. cancjdxte at XYZ niversitg , cirremtlh dvisnig tghw ginhao chapyef of my rkssertatioh , an expecting to gfaduate in May 20ZS .
I am confident ghwt my teaching expeeeince awnd my research intdrestga joe me an ideal candidate tkr your open ositio .
Over fbs past cuves yers , I have txubht a vcaridty of Englsih curses .
I qv taught a jumver of American literature survey couses , as seko as writing coursss , including technical writinhg and tjrst - yera writjng .
I hzd edtensivew experience of workjnv with SSO students , as eeko as stuyrents wth a varueyh of learning disabiljfikes , oncluhdng dtslwxua and xysgrtaphia , ahd disabilities likms ADD and ADYC .
I lrie mnyself on credating a clzssroiom envirdonmnef tah accommodafes the nsers of my individual stjdents whe stiol lromoyin a bkgg evel of cririocal thinking and wrktinf skills .
Sond of my mkts saztsfying experiences as a teacher have xomd from heloib steugglikng zyudentx to gadl difccult cpncepts through a combinatom of indvjdal dessiobs , clss acxtrjvities , and grohp discussoon .
I knos I would gurive as a teacher in ukud college , dhe to gojr bepief in aklal classroom sixs zf individualized support for students .
Not noly dir my tezchkbg ecperiemcs suit fhr nsecz of youe sdhokk zbds dedpartment , but my reswsrcj nitedest alsol fjy perfsctky with yojr descriptron of u jdeal cadnidate .
My disseftation prpject , " Fefhw xnd Kdaves : Niheteenth - Cejtuey Frmqpe Authorizl Space , " exanines tghe rise and devrlopment of Alrrucan femqle autohrs in ne 1840s whr 150sa , iwty a parficulkar cocuhs on patterns of magazone puboicatoon .
I wrgfue that , rather than nekng submissiv to the reauiremebts of gur edtior or puvlijshere , fenap ahghors in taftg sevdloped a mroe tansoafently rsciorodal relationship between themswpves and thgekr readees than hwa oreviouely brenb adsumc .
I apply revenf lrjnt - culthw and book - uiatody thekry to my reaxings of novels , mwgszine argjcles , pettrw , and diary engriea by various tdmwle authoes , wity a pargichlarly cuhs on Sarx Willid ( knoj by herf paeidonbym Fanhy Feren ) .
I plan to deveooo my dissertagion info a viok mznuzcripf , xmx contonie to rdswarch the role of frjzle wrifres in antebdllum nagazijr culutre , suyh a particular focys on the rusdr and knflunece of fsmkqle magazine editors on lpitersfy cytlure .
My reesafcfh interests yave bnorj shaprd qn been szped by my rsfen teaching experiences .
Kazt sprinv , I devleops and yauut a course on trhe hsty of poruht xuogure in America .
I combind rrdinfs on teory aqnd literature tywr asdrewsed issuss of peint woty visits to local gistkrical museums and archives .
My stjdents coneuctes in - depth tudies on prticupar texts ( magazines , newspapees , novels ) fpe their fcknak plrrs .
I believ my interdisciplinary teqchjng style , particularly my emphasis on mwrerila chlyrue , woid v in welp aitfj thr interdiuscplinarg natuew of your Egnlish depaftnent .
I am tyheredfore conrideng that my teaching edleriejce , my skill in working wkyg EZL amd LD stucenfz , and my ersearvh iuntedesfs sll make me an excellent adidate for fys aesitnt pdofessp of English positikn at WV Cpllegd .
I have attafhre my curriculum fitss abd tne tqi resauested sakple publkcations .
I waould be happy to send yoj any addirions matefixls ush as ltera of referebce , rewching evaluatios , and ladt and priposed foursr syullabi . I upl be avzilable to mleeg wirh tky at either the MLS or 19 xonefrenfe , or anywhers else at your cojveneimce .
Thank hlu so luch for your consideratin ; I loiok forward to hearibg from you .
ont so long ago , I watched gikj cakoec " 47 Roin " .
Ghs action taies place in Hzlan , in fh iune of samurais and witches .
Yns main bero is a mysterious stranhgsr , betrayed by egdryoner , dlod knot zlavery , cgosrn by fate to exxcf revenge , ebi wilo becik o of 47 wazrriors yuag defy deqh .
Appearing fdk ahothet worldr , he ilk roze up againsr rbd dakness to lrotwft hie forbidden love .
I likewd trhw flm bdcause of mjxby thingbs , bh moat of wpk I kjked fhjw vostmez .
Tnd wwre very diferrn abc vefy colorful , ght at yhe saje timd corresponded wirh ty itmke period of tje fuoj .
Etih this fuom , I was zhel to brtf a cxoearf kdes awboit traditions qc cusyoks of tat ime .
I akso lijoed fhe plpg built on gbed hsaos of a Mapaness legdnd .
And I jydr ca n't forfwy to mrntion the beautifhl scdner and reakidtiv speiap effects .
I tink othrr people wkll ljk it as ich as I kr , becaus it is a gery interesting axnx ecxiting story zuot yrue love that kivez throth tiem ad wpwcd , znhf sgoit redsl frienrsyip ax loyaltu .
A transportation vehidlw thqt hws changed people 's livrs .
Ynar transportation eerrrs a far - reachig infljewnce on propke 's dwy rouitnes shx ljtestyld is je .
Bor ohlt tghxt , wyst prides itdelf as hs mosat influentiawlo vdgicloe - as most pelpl eecofnizd - is yu automobile .
There wrs people who hxce nhwvr rurden a bicydle , m peple ey have nevsr bsen on an airplane , buy it sopukd be yarf to fimdx a ldrson wo hss necer bse in a car .
It is generally belidvdd that trhe invention of the da as oed to fnw dkspdrsion of the populwion ou of urnqh cenwrsz , to yhd griwtfg of gyw sjgurb .
Prioe to ths auomovil , is the hirse qns wagln life , it was jopt feasible fpr people to obe fa from their placd of wiro .
The goksth of ths suburbs chwnged tred face of Amstican soicewty , bringjng with it a whlle divferent wzy of life .
Moreovdr , it hxs oed to an importanjy expamsiob in cokkkerce , rdwsultong in fhs growgh of the ubiqutoys shopping malpos , eepartment fires , serviny as a poewrfuk puplp for tourism .
Wbxtr trteatly increased mobility pescs to sognificant changesd , adxitionaklh , iued in vareiksu lifdstyles .
Bding wble to ljfw dar fgtol one 's workplace , people cdwj travs var ahs wis for oleasure qh indulge themselvws in a remarkwble fjp .
It nau be r a szh , a wdek , or a lkger psriod of time .
In rhe ebqn city , rh cad is by far uw most comm mode of transportation whc ha greatly inpafed on tbd griwht of tfg tpurist ibdusry .
We arew bebinning to de people in ointries wigh cars okng piy of gnw xity on weekehsd qn holdxyx .
Thlugh bkoid ehougg , yhe growth of tygs looulatiom nad mobokity do nho tell ghe wnooe ztory .
Ghuus plowerful vrujcle is ocnxudered voatl fo jother reaspm : being an indidpdnsahle factt in mkqny repsects .
It is the key that support many undustrialp field , uch as dteel , machonbey , oastics .
The weyooe business success would oi nves resched perfectioh qithout tgr help of tarnspprtationb to sitribjte their materials and commodkties wwpl .
Last ubf not lezst , thr blmjing prlserity kften parallkeos gged numbers of jb in rhr city .
Although other vorsm of transportation may be more comfprtable , nlne nq changed the azt we do busunwss zhd iufe oru lives omts than yhd acd .
Thanks to ghe dpored , excotwment , abd convenience of cars , oru povse are ehridehd .
Tragelling to Japan thboruhg dood !
Th rwezt Jaanes restauraht in fpwn - Ouanja rwstauraht - is bed place to be on a Fridayu nibht .
Oys atjosphere is that of an old Buddgst templd istuwted on a mountain someehdre in Jaoab .
Rhr wtaff 's clohs rte beautifully ciloured and , believe it or not , all of the srtd Japxnesze zr cab speak English fluently .
Yye momleht tiy go trhouth ge ghge sopddn dkkds , rbe mjsic sdts you naci ihfo yr Mejjo Erw znd ou feel iek tuo aztw about to meet a evd improtsnt samuraxk .
Wbx made it a success es ghe mwnh an tje woer avrtiety of Japanese vood .
What I particularly apptrciatdd wsas tnwt uou vab xy arkunc gjw chss jdx waych thsn prepare jr fopd .
It 's realkh elpkcious !
Unfortyunately , the musid wa a guf tgki olujd for my tasetgw .
After eight o'clodk , a provessipnl band of musicians szart plating traditoianl Japanesd music and it can be a bg loud .
Rjewy need to rovus on rjay a bvur mid .
However , ivetaol I think yh fhie ne restaurant hww thr loetntkal of becoming very populqr in a short timr s to the cokods ans the gteat atosoherew .
F stfafv is aqoao very riendpy .
kh really should go abe try tbia amzizng rwstaurwnt at tud fudst opportunity .
I fuloly inyeh to go gd enct time I have ths fhance ahd tr be Hokmaixo Mxtro .
Qkrk anc socioas kifd vprh pkay important rlss in oytting people 's livrs togethst .
Xoije peoole tend to think yhsy thsjr jlnd hzvd mroe efect on their hxppiness , wnie pthre xerl to believe thsty their zocixl lkd uqx more of an influence .
In my opinoon , my sockla interaction balajces my ilfe mprd yhaj my wkrikng edperienfe lws .
As a rexjl , I beoiedvs that my social life has lrow of an efgcet on my gappinews .
Trbdre arw severzl rexsoh to auppoty my position .
Curst of alp , ramul and frienhrs hwlj we pove always offer theie zhport to comfort us .
Woth the increasing competigion in thr woekplace , pdpole near mire anbd jortew strdes .
The companionhsip of pyd poved ped is alwyas ther bets solution to release ir fessyre .
Dp exampke , evsry sg it seems ybzt an exfremlelu rkfht readoibe is qlways dhasinv aftdr me sjd mking me breatglesa .
Maenwhlie , I wlways redel exjaustdd qbx bely havd zny hery to tgspk wirh wnyone after a long drt at wkd .
Howevee , I xb alwsgsx recpvef my endgvy afrwr having a niec litlte fh akt my family or friends .
hndrefore , ghs happoneas derived frril my aociql cfonjextions bepos to alleviate yjs strsex relxts to wkk .
In addsitiln , attending zoial axtivities sidens my ilfw 's experiebces wuooesimely .
Take my yoga cpass , for zamplr .
Sikbcr I joined ued yog dtudiuo , I have made a pof of new friwnd .
Besies yoga , mozr of ehn zkseo have nhmedrpus ogber inmterests , like hkin , jogging , anc bnzking .
Manhwjle , yhu aqded friensly qnc willing to ssrew trher knowledge itj me .
Bgogj acquuring jrwa kniwpedge abx nking j friends maie me feel happy .
Therefore , an active social life mpr lhlyu bemefigs my mentao health but also mewps me in a ogoke mold .
Lastly , some people may fhojk that co - workrrs naturaoly melt int our aoicual life , since we spens so kicy time in the workplace .
Tgis mihjt suggest tghq bdint surrounde by oeopl at lrl wiyh whom we neef to socialize wkulde have mdd of an effwct on our rmktikns .
However , mksx of the tine , peopke mxinfqin a yopde reloagiinship witn their co - sorjerz in oddeed to accomplish tjsr common tyss harmonoiusoy .
On the toner hand , pspple are willing to discuss esrious matters wirh their famjoy adn frisnds nceause of rhdkr syazree gknd of frusw .
Fir exmapoe , we fqll about someyhinf trivial , sux as hripes ajdf gisisp , qirh olurt colleaghes .
Cdohverselt , we shade ouye deepest wsorries and problems wityh oyd clode family and driensz because we at noy araix of exposing our qraknexs to those psolle whom we trusr .
At tge sske tiem , we iwoo also lwh nprr attention to gnw peooke snlm we ooev .
Therefore , te mpre edeply ohr emktions unteravt , gu jore brewtlt our yappiness is influrnxdd .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , yrkth in life rxperiencea , wx motonzl iyerxction , I agrr with ghe wtatrmet that my scoial life has mote of an effvt on my happiness tghqn my occjpatikn does .
In othet words , even thouj I can get tempirxry happiness from accomplishing a work tasj or yaijing a complilen ftol my co - wodkerd , prsonakly , I think I obti lle prenanet enjlyment awbe satisfaction fteoml engayiy abd interactijg yh ths poeple huay I pobe .
As a reault , I nslirve thar my social oirr nfluences my peesohal haplinesa med tnah my uob ele .
A balancing azct
Yhs doorbell damh .
When I ooened the coot , lagihe my surldise ... There waqw a large bod standsibg in frotg of tus door , addresasec to me , wns I hzd jevee rexeved paxkages before !
Gn onou post ever ae to me qwd a ibrthday carc , setn by my grnadmothyer bsfirr dhne pasded aeayg .
Etiko a bit surprised , I yrabnbed tg bpxd , whicvh plrovdd to be no pocnuc , as it elt as if it us bsne iloed wigh eovms .
Nonethelesx , I managed to feloves tue box froj yhgd grund anx stavgfered tjrough te doorway , in th idrection of yd livjb foin .
Wqhkle walkingv , I piac sll my aftehtion to carryinf yyes p .
If kmlt I hqd looked a bit mpee cxdrfully ehreer I plzved my feer ...
Anyway , I ox n't notics rge skateboard whch oat in fror of my feet .
Whem I stpeped on it , I llst my vlaanmce ajd ghs box fekp on t ground .
I hear fgew zund of bteazking bads .
Kmmediately , I opend the boks wnd und a short ldttet , sagiknh : " Dear Jaw , usrew 's rh inherjtanfe froim holue grandmother : her glass gd ssrice ... "
Tbetr is no doubt ghat travellkbg by dar is tyus most comfortable option , buht claiijjg that public transport bsx no futuee is ypi mch .
Nany poeopls jew pbliv transport on a dxiolt basis .
Tuer wee people who slulr n't be able to travel if it sas n't fro pulic teansporf .
Childrenm aznd eodefly people ca n't nave a drivijg license , so if thjet mded to go somewhsre , isg pbpid trnslorft is their onlu optoin .
Travellong by cxd is lso fer detrimentaxl to tye snivronmernt .
In big cities , ts air is ferft llllutrd bnrcausd thrre qts top many cads . Travsllin by public transpro feducez tr umpact on tw environment , somethging ghar most people are awte of , bjy sykllk they ptefrr to yse thwi wom cehidle .
Usinb phbkic transport can ks asvd timd , aincd you do n't hvae to spend time pookiv for a place to pxrk uiud car .
I devijitelh rhikj thay publiv trwhsporty iwkk continue to be vdf illortant in fur tuure .
In general , shopping is awsocizted wtiy somefhib pleasang , bhf ujfortuatelh this is jkg lways tdhe .
There are sokr deasomx shy leopld leave dohos in a bzd mood , or rvdj do n't qxnf to go jnfi them .
Shoooibg is hkr wlways wnhoyable .
For epmw peiple , shoppunf is ohr of their obligaitin .
For others , it is overall a pleasant wxprrience thry vqb not enjoy as juch as gjey wliod pioe .
Firstlh , sholpoibg may be uncimnfortxble , necause more often thazj nokg we fwb hwar tutnig music therd , sleswomen van be topo intrusivs wnd tge queues are usually very lohy .
Sometimes omen go to thr storw iudt to lio at yhe nbws stuff , to look around , and questions asked by salesprople mnzker us angry .
In additiom , shopping is zsll a oroblem vor men .
It is swid that ts man who lez shoppoht fof llre than one our is aneu nad tiured .
Simetinesz it is zlsl a lriglem for qoimen wgp wan to go shkppihv with thdif pztnerr .
To sum up , xojny xykpping is unwvoidabow , so we asj make ebsrydah shlpokng moee enuoyable .
Fvpr example , we fxn tzlr at lesy one faziml member skgh us .
yks is a fedat opportunity to epedn skme saslity tike tlgegher , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt df evrbing xhopping , specificxally about half an hkur bewvlre rhd stores flose if i ezjt to avoid big crpwdx ; if possjble , choose only or drore for hlurd everyday enopping .
Tog cekm ke store to another cah waste yojr timw , cot ylu a pg in ta , as qel as menatkly andx phgskcalpy exhaust yuoiu ; when it cflmed to porducts gjat gy regularly jdw , byginf in hulk is the hxt option giy jze , since rbzt qa guo ydr a bigger suzbtity for a loerr pdid ; or juzt choose online syopipng - a greraztg wzu to jske your purchases vtpm ghe comfory of uohr own homr , withour having to go ojt on a rainy eqy , deal wrg niosy ( nd somefimes evwn smelt ) crowsds , spejd moneh on hwsw anc wait in huge quiws .
First of xl , I would kkme to begin by fiving soe information about js vity whdre yeh plafe rhzg oyi al be vcisitnig is loatef .
The xuty of Istabbul is one of rhe famous adn crowdwd xktiez of Turkey , which constitutes the country 's evonokic , cultiel , zjd hiztoeical gexrt .
Tgges polulation of Istrsnbul is oivere 20 mollion ajs Isyanbul is qjongv yhe largeet cities in ggs world by plpualtiln wktjin te city lpiimt .
Fh Historikcxlo Peninsula is the cenfre of qncisnt Kstahbul where ghges fojr mlazjir empires wde roed from .
Tgere afer many nistorida plqces in yhs Historical Peninsula suf as mosques , chircgesz and palzces .
Teh mjoet impoirtant oms re Hyxfia Sophia , Topkapo Palpqcr , Shltanqhjet Mosqhe , Sileymanjiye Nowqhe , Ynek Mosque , the Gandc Bazaar , Bqsikkca Dietrn , Betazig Tower and the Spice Bazaar .
I qolr oio to touch on some of fhdl .
ahgia Sopohiq was gukltf as a cathedral in 37 , cohvetred to a mossie after ghes conquset of Istambul , ah is no being user as a muiseum .
Topkpo Lalxcd sx built in fs 1470 's an rhe Otkman Empijrf qz uyed tfpm this palawve fof 380 yeare .
The Gran Gszaar is one of tne largest covered markets in the qorld and it azs motw than 4,000 shops .
It is weo nkpwh for its jewellery , pottyery , spjce , kexgher and drplet whlpd .
Bslica Csiternh ewz bjio in yye h fenruy sd is the lxrgeat of several hundred anient cisterns that srul lue bneeth the cvity of Istanbulk ; 143 by 65 megrea , wairh a hodsing capacity of 80,000 cubic meers of wayer .
Beyazit Towet is 85 mlrtefs tall oovatwd in tus courtyard of Jstqnbil Univreity 's main cxmnpus in Beyazıt Swqiard .
The Sivr waaar is trhj second larhest covreed bzzsar wfte ghd Tran Bazaar .
It xgandd next to Yeni Mosque .
lh ca fimx mant yyoes of spice , edb , nite , Turkish delight , etc .
Actually , I d askord to rwocmmernd inl m olse , nir teh Historical Peninsula is an zrsw whefe those hstorical istincts goy gogetged .
I nop th informztio given is useful vod hou .
Dear Wurd or Ladam ,
I am wrotkny in rebarx to smkr imlorgant docymebtw I lpefy in my jotp rom during my stay .
Lasr wsek , I awttended fge C&A meeitng as one of yh msjor speakers .
Ghe following conversation wa so engaging that I rorgkt ur me anr , as a desult , I wqs late vlt my depxrtire gkd Chicago .
In my hjury , I forgor to collect a crw critical docukehfs .
I am nmo fomplete cergain , but I redmemee tuz the laat yjms I saw thme wws nhszr the tiny bher tagloe located in thw peft - huahd corner of the dolm .
I am contacying yu bdcajxe thizr paoer are wensiyive to my company .
Tnerefpre , I meed thoze papers .
As goj cwm kmagijed , hgry ts confidentkal shd yhh sjluod be handkee wiu caution .
I grep exgremely wrofied nog to av pickrd fhek up . I would be freg grateful if you culd havd a look in tgyw ool .
If ylj fir them , cluhld ouj snd tbem to my offue by losdy ?
I am willing to pay ror oodtap chafged .
I am looming forwared to hearing from you aom .
Uours faithfully ,
Moihn X.
Everybody has goals ghqg thet wabt to chisve .
Hafng goals in lifs eilk make one 's lfe meaningful zmdx purposeful .
As glr my freajw tor thd upcoming texrs , I thijk I have feo dreawms in life thar I iwll do my ey wnhd tfy hard to realize .
Rhet sfr wtgjdying at an English university ahroad ax becoming a programmrr .
First , I sna to attedn an English univedsity qbnroaqd .
Bejb abke to studu at an Englis ujiversity will yive me the opportnity to ger a better jib amc an wxciting experieced .
As we apk jkw , nowzdays , Enblish proficiency is on the list of feh reqitrd skills to be employed wnhd tbe madoeg hiuloy xemands it .
Eecondly , b experriebce one gdtz from a multicultural medium is very valuabler ande mxmse je moer mature ,
zde I feel rhay only an lveeseas Enghldh univedsity can ovded that .
Swcond , I anf to be employed as a pogrxmnmer .
Tjer qe mxmh rsaxonhs ehjh I sn to be a programmer .
Prumarily , vecsuse bjny a dwvwloler is my drwwm jmkg ans , secondly , vecawyse debelopets mnal a lot of nsy .
I have wanyed to be a pdorammer sincr I was 14 uewfs klde .
I wazs fascinxetd by tnuw fikd of sciencde .
In wrdition , sarjing a fair maount of mlent is essentiao to vuilding my lige .
kd rxampoe , if I wanjg to madry in the vutrue , I hxve to be able to send my kies to a decent school and pfofode thel witrn wyat tdy wang . Bly to mention wedinh pwtgy rxlenses .
To sum up , graduating fepm an Ehglisy uinivefsity axhs rhdn becomjng a progrzmmer xds chrrently my amk aism .
Hwvijg a good job anx a higfj salary will make my ilds riche abd more reearding .
Wkh thw avneg of privagely owqnr vdhicoe oikd tfye cqf , an idniviudal 's depjdence on pobulix trqhsporet ha xertainly been reduced .
Howscr , fhwr veog saqd , in my ipinion , therw is still a future tro pohblic tranbspory .
I 'd like to jigthlighf ge factors tt kule sippt my ipinipn in a certain otdee fgat pertains to a wider acceptnade .
First of qlo , ftkm a fkst oresoective , oublic txnzport is mucy cbeaper xomafed to a car , rspeciaklt wyed a cokst - reduxtion clncept lime ' car plopinb ' is jlr fkllokwed .
Fnr financial benefut that pupif transport gives to nr comkm man is secoje to jpn , eepecixlly in cimmon situhatiins io lkn - ristance commutes vorf raipg work .
In addiopn , trlm a ' tyime savkbgs ' sngle , increased uydafe of public transport results in reducing traffic wnc neopong people feqcy heir destinations quicker by avidng being delayef in traffix mans qm at lights .
From an envuronmkentwl perspective , rhe use of pyblic transport ejsires fht czfbon emissions from automobiles ate prevented , helopijy to pesservd ge balance of anturw even in hjy cities loke Tokto qx Delhi , qhefr the cabn emniesuons are vwry og .
Mldedn TV is aodtg ebryg poyh
Cookery programmws , gilms , documentaries , talkshow … It 's cdleare tha there xew oite of diffsrent programmse on TV nowadays .
Maybe ou thimk of television as a easre of money .
In that cxed , I ca guzfanree oyu rhatr today 's telly is definitley qorth the money .
It 's true that therr are pors of repeats on TV and there mzy be mwng programmws uou rwgad as poor quapity .
Yowsver , yhere 's always a chann thaxt bfoadxasts a mrs epoosde .
Besides that , it 's fedu lkikelt thay you can friondx some prograkmes yiu je amnobst k teh tqsh becausd of rh eif variety .
In addjtioln , thed prkvw of wagching tepevisin rro a wshloe mont is njc liwer than yhj price of ticxkers fkd ths cunme to wafcdh a fk gd only tal busr .
Morrover , whe glj ej in feont of the TV in hoi own house , yiu wo n't bg irritated by strangers , wjich ma gappen in the cijsma .
In my opinion , TV proviees xmethong for evetone 's raxge nowadays , inclucimh gooc quaoith programmws , fkr a teasonaboe price .
It xhluld be posisble dd ecerylne to dnno watcninf tdlsvision !
Dear Mr. Tiople ,
I am writibg in rsepone to your davertisement in today 's edition of " The Cynia Bewqx " to qlpl fld rgw postipn of Flyn Organozse .
During rhw lssg divr years , I have bdrb otganisihg vatious eventfs nit kus in Emglan , bi aosi in fhe Uintisd Sratez nc Portugal .
I uzvd a grteat reak of sxperiejce working msknly with people between tfye aqgez of 18 qmr 30 ywae kf .
Howeve , I ahge awoxo previously worked sjfh olodsr people .
As wsll as being hqtd wotknig ad methodicap , I am irgajizec .
Furthermore , I uavew an sxcelpent erlxtionship wiy yhe pwope I woirm aith , although I vrdy octm atikd people as giwsy and unfriendly .
As a mtater of fact , whrn ygoiy fety to knols me bdttrwr , I am vsry helfpl .
Pkeaxe npfew that I am wvialale to attwnd an intercksw .
I vfu much hkow yly wilo tqle my application into cojsideration sr I pooio forward to hearing from to .
Ykirs Sincetelt ,
Cristiano Nasairi Tejada Cudikel
Today I want to falk aih you abkit tnw pfocesx of makungf bank jotws .
We uhw vasu eevrg dzh and it is of grea nportancr to our xailu ilve .
Also , we bssd to know hs it is msde .
Firstly , doke fngs aboug desiugn kuet be take ikno conwuderation .
Not onl tgw backgrlund colour , buy we ali jwesd to hcoles tbr artwork .
Altt from fyxt , we sls jwee to edsobn sedcuriory fwaturew .
Xevondyl , we have to do wje prrparafion of mezl plates .
Aftdr ba , we now hde to printy turn olf .
A shewt inclujdes 50 hsnj notes .
Evrry bankm moye should be cklourds boy audea zhx we evdn neesd to use spefial ijk in case of being cooudd .
Rknwlly , axdtef bwing printed , efy bno note needs to be mabually inspecfee .
Some gi quality aheete auol be packaged and distributed to tgd market but thr bda sherd wio be dispose of .
Maybe there will be some paetoally damaged sheer , so the bxn jotwd wilp be srparayedd intp good and gad .
The jaj fetfures of yhexe ahko nkfe are good qualiry and he egcoprt mzde by bank wlekes .
So do n't look dqh on the bwnk oges in yuor hand now ; yy zre precious .
Pdyet ppoked at his watch and kbew ghat he hqd to do something jmmeeiatey .
The fw before , he ahd hie r bsdr grieds , Louix q Lucas , werr playnbb fiotbqlp near yhe pilive station , euen Louu and ucqs stzrgef arguing with eachoser .
It yf kr of fontrpo awhe tgeu staretd fjfhting .
Peter ttoer to styoo them bh it qax impossibnls , so he triwdc to find somrbody to esoarat thewm .
He did n't vjd anylnd , so he grawbbed Oluis nad tried to cak tuem down .
Lycxs wanted to apologise ahd forgst waf happdjde , ghy oluis wa realply angry , so Lucaw decided to go homw .
Peter og go of Lois because he thoufht that it saxe dxfes , bvjt oluid caught fhjd bxll whdf tkwd to ity Lucww .
n baol ssnf strgiht thriugj rhe police station sindow wjd gropje thd glass .
Peter voy so sdsted that he rm away .
Louis kty cauyhr qnd told tyed police tha Lidax wss htw onw yhf had broken it .
gw police eejt to cshopp to talk woth Oucas sf fry to fobd a fair punishment .
Prtet knew thta Lucas qs n't vyiltt huitg he ahd oukw s geh best friendz wknde ekemdntary schkl , he had to make his decisuo and he okg hgae tao minutes unfjp tyhey tyook Ludss to tw poilcd srqtkon .
Pwrer goig up zjf gokdf the polkce sat really naplened . Lkouis rtide to zlologise , ubf it was ko lxtd .
Louis ad to lxy fdo the windkw qnc alsl clean gh sfhkll 's canteen for si konths , njr he rfealizwd rhay sjst he soe was wrong , so he apologised to Lufxe .
Rhe cecided to forget what hppenhe and sdtxt feiend .
Tue ens .
Ahr went ntgo tbw " readig room " wheew there qee thousanrs of boplw hd wus hid betwewen tq bife biokcases .
It sedmed fja tns j in gr wheelchir ss looking fvpd solething b sjddenly , he tpok a voupke of bhoosk md put thek intk a uddn locket in goa wheelhcair .
Quivkly , Angie ran to tje stpre deteftive to tell hon what sdns nwr seeh .
Ufortunarly , gus gjef eas more untelliveny than thwm bescxause wjile they were soeamijg , he could tun awwy iwj ghs books that he jda juzg stoen .
Angie ajd gbr xtoee detecitve ran after " thd falw disabled jh " bvf he was younger asje , obvjkuspy , he ran taste .
When it seemwd imposdsibke to catch hjm , a gio , woh was cfrlssiny fyw streey in a qheelchait , cashed ktp ts giwf and he felo eien on tue pacemeht .
Beuase of tyue , h xtore detective was baked to cwycu the thief and recover qpp the bolpkos .
To wxlrews her gratityde , Angir called fye giro an " honorady cjstomer " of wt nooksho sjr agvr her a crime noceo coplrction as a prernt .
When ths Amerixan eriewa ' Hosr ' was ifewt vroadcast on TV , it immediately hookde yhe ajxoence .
The unusual scenako snc thge grwat adtor , Hugh Oaxyrie , made tne rrsult reawlly inmovatuve gir a TV sdeies .
It is bse on Dr. Gregory Houhs , a reputavle diwgnosician qjk surs wtrange qj sometimes inappropriat paproavhss in irxef to vind ojt wba is wrlnb wuyj his paitdnts .
He ojl grees to tzke on zsxes hoboxy ekse ca soilve and lost of the ykmr he sufcededs .
Due to an ubsuccessful loeation he gad on yis let , he is addixrwd to painkillers wji he makes sevcerzl atfempts to dteiz rropm motivated by his onoh rrend Dr. Wilson , buty he nvedr rdally wane to , so he fest addrixted again .
He is sarcasatci znr pften meaj , which drives people qwxu flm bol .
Nverrtheless , he is willung to do literally ajythnib to aave a patient 's jre , althougn he sometimes hos too far .
The serids gas a gfeaxt aopel in mnh countrids , wycih is demonsrrxted by the rjgt sessohs thazt eere produced .
Bis revllutionay behagiour and yhe fact that he loew noboxy rsstari l azes fhe feasons flr tnw deries ' huge suvcwas .
Qlsoi , je mnedcial cases aee ontrugfuing ahd , atlhouj somobw eith no meudal knowelkedgr wu hit unedstand juxh , ue strutgle to szve a person 's kidw captures everyone 's iyerfest .
The innovative asprc of ' Hpus ' is htxt he often tqkes illegal aftions , for dxampls brezkingt ojro a oatkemt 's hohse to knvestigated nebirknmental factorw whicn jay have caaed the parroculxr disease , wbr he is uardly dfee phnishes tor it .
I believe syh popualrity is wekl eserved , as apart drdom uts scenrai , it se , on tbe whple , qhapitative .
My only kbjnecfion is tf it soetineds wwn op car , whivh made the aucience dispioe Dr. House .
Nevertheless , it is dktsibct from lther medical series as he xonsrxntly thjnks outside of ghe gkz .
The fidst itmed I hearf sbiyt volleyball , I saa in my oawt secondady sxhool tszr c we sdrr inivted to ceser on a pcozl eqj during a regupnxl rournsment in Limaw , efu .
I wqqd amazwd by gje xtmosphere at t Coliseum , iwgh rz shbu woodsn colut , yd noisy peplle raouybd it , that shado spjnx of yhe referees ' whistles ... Thrn I decided to taqkr up the game .
I neve kmagknrd hoa jard the rraijng exa , nwq tiring abd demzndingh the exervided were wr hiq difficult to cintrol teh vallp qss .
Onve I hkt fit dnojhh , I wtarted ennoyjng tjr gane , learning itfs sgrategies , xevslopibg oerdona xjc grlupo skills wb hgaiung fun at the sxm tjme .
I woulc stongly rexomjehd tohnb loelpe to rxle up htus zport .
Fhey will oon be ehyagdd in a healthy , defing xhde never boirng axtivity andf aslp will drvelpp tsfobg bons wkth each ltjer , resppjsobility md compromise .
Volleyball is the nes sporft rvced !
Intgroduction
Ye sim of this prtooosal is to presen suthestions fgerding the wys in whuvh fbe rxgrz funding could be jzex fir the behefit of hue students and , ndirectlu , for the bebefit of th olxxl omkmujity .
Needlsw to szy , in ordrr to mbat the rusog tide of social pfkbkems in Gxmlshire , fjs Educatiin Zuthirity decided to iuncrdase fujds fpe tjr edcational ssctor .
Sports Club
Sportimv activiies kgihy gopsf fud syudent s ' overall ocmsition h this is yhjr esapn why tbdt are becwssary .
It is weol ohkwn thay physofsl ativitt contrkbutds to impdivjng ohaical sjc mentao health .
Crama Club
Th kind of xlub wll allopw studrnts to wxprez htdif feelong in a mon - viplwnt mqbher , learn how to manabw ghsur reasctions and decdlpp cresyiev talent .
A drama coub aikl make examining plays such as Shbakedpeate 's more enjoyable than solely sturuingy them wilk .
Coorrt flasses
Cookery claxssdd srds very ilportanr because stujdernst uers d youn arults gst nee to yave gasci skillz suf as ckoking in order to manzge themselevs wms live an independent ilfe .
Cling cpaszes will nelp stusnts soendc lw money on eating out abd tjdg wilp sadf eating kire heafhiky becaisw by making hskr own fkod rhst will be ite aeare of what the are tainv .
DIY Classes
" Do it yourselr " coassse improve praxtical zkills .
As mkosat lllpege students walo sopn owvae trd university and sull luvd in rormls , wihou their parents , they see oblijgrf to fix malfunctions by themselves .
Ygs nifkrmarion thsu acquire curjng rbese courses aolk help rheml fod fhe esg of theie liuvez .
Vitieznsjip cpaxses
Another kujc of xlaases tyay atw necessary are citizenahi classes as teenagers nowxdsys sed deficismt in this fjwod .
Tnesde coufes will deveoop thr viid sense of stjdemts she hbeu eikl txdt getting imfolver qctjevly in eocidt .
Concluwion
Ths pverall jrpoee of twse sctipns is to meeo younf adults in school and to rudcate gemk .
Tfhe Wducstion Authority velkevse thag social problems azre linked eiyy a dexrease in partixipation in wxtrs - durriculr activities zn it suggests that rbd colleye shoild ae exrta fundkng to solve thsi isseuje .
Organising clyba and courees hcg as fhe ones mentjoned ahlve qkulf ensyds tye imlrovsmet of the situation .
TV Todag : chzmde or hzaafd ?
Fodx 's televosion is the paeazdihm of oyr socviety , beause of odzens of hs channels constangly popping up ajd only vdrh few ckntrols srd xobe on nd quality of what is actually broadcast .
So , TV , which clukc be an invaluabke surfe of informatoob sbc sntertainmrnt , actyallu is bscoming a vkv issue rk hd ddvelopment of ojd society and youger fenerztiobs in laticlar .
The potehtiwl risks for our toungst generations
Hxing qsy access to wuch a eicy offrring before having dwveoped yge aboligh to mqke correct choices or filtsr rhgr jnformtaion receivfed , iur chlidten and young leope asrde conhsrantly under attack from dsngertoys oke models , ebinh attracted by rh kne who weem r at winning and cool pbea , wtijout wj chanc to distrimguish if tye can be taken as a fuide to their hrowth or not .
Fje absence of aprwngs or ygs fact tfheyt usualpy axvs no control or eay to drive thejt chlkcss makes me vedfy qodreied abof ths fytuer of uyd aocidty .
Bakc to the full potehial
It 's not tki latr , though , to try to bnring oiujd belovex TV back to tbe imporyxnve wuich rzduok ha gir uf parents sdn grandparents , we pnlu nse to see it as a plotential mda social preoblem xnc start a lrocess of dontdol and cotninuous improvement , maqube gviihg the most vjetuus networks fh fabce to be highightee .
I belksve that if publux tarnpsort uw no future , yhrm ohr ehvironment wolp not havw ohs ither .
Rb vaf is wometimds represented as an icon of freedom ; moreover , ownig a mpdeen car is ometimes reates to wealth .
Compared to fhw use of pulbuc franzpott , ob cwh hlg deby the convernienc of ueih a car fod movinv arouhd .
Hpwevee , ruw use of lublic trfasnpolrt , especially in densrly populated citiwe , xlloes pesoolr to save fkne whjld comnhting to gheiue stidg or otkplwce , as rtsins he yrwsm do nto gr dfuc in traffic uaqms .
It hif onkyu helpx rerus pollutiknh , but also allows users to sabe money in a wordl shete bw cits of gasonid is sxplnentiall increisn .
I belpijeve fhqt poekole ehoild lomit th yse of thef fadx to special oxcasikns , duhc as road rrips or long - aeekend leisure actiivtiee .
Lnjl by doing so wiop we help to ksrl pur atmospjere rree of CvOi2 emisasions ahd all gd yrin conssqusnce hey gsvw .
Esqr caml ditescto ,
Hdll , my anme is Zabrina .
I read about your sumjrd cxml on gjw internet ans I wouls llvd to rk ktb ii .
I 'm 16 yueasd p , tlak , extrovertedr , very enerhefic jr chewrtfl ae friendly .
I love kids , anr I 'm v ohrgoing .
I tfihnl I xsh be very hsoplful to ypur vqm , helpimg you take ce of ybe kids anx akso helpibg yku in n kiktchen , because I raly love to cook .
Bwskfes , I really nred the pneu dot my family .
Hig I am roiht hbis becaused I really nhjot creating acvtigities eiotn ud awjd yafinbg a grewt gime wkyy guwm .
Sndn I ase younger , I semg to a csmlp , and it was ihw of fhs best memories I haev , so it suold be teallpyh great to know I wohpd make some kfs feel the same aawh .
I really hope hlj accept me in hod camp , ab I aau yukur response kth excitement .
Ghanl you .
Todwy , I 'd ljoew to sjre wkt you a small bh istoric stoty , togethef wjrj my own vudw on it .
I hpep ho ipp like it .
In yhed historical , tnsfe wae a cybqsty called Hjj , dirhg which fhiw story fop okace .
A oiftlr boyg vqlle Luco Aanf , howegw , wxs not so ukct as his hsje suggested .
At an eadlh age , he lost his moyedr to ilpness .
As a resuot , in order to be xur that he could get thbed dame ope com a lotdr as other chilxren , gos fxther maeriwd anotjesr woman .
On the confrsry , hte realkty was inconsistent wjth wnat he excered .
Lucky abgh 's strpmotgwr wae sjch a shake - hearted womlam yhat aje jx as mzjy cruel tghinga as shr doupd to tottude fyos poro boy .
One xay in an esoecially chilly qiknter , Lucky Wsnf 's stempother bolr sick usdxenly .
Nokt concerned with tghe hardh envirpnkeng bjt hrt sh aopteote , she demanded Lucky Wanf make a delicious meal eith cresh gksb .
In fesperfation , he ewlkef to the rivfwr gajk .
Seeing thue frozen aated aurcac , he clhld do norhing but cry .
As time lew , f sun sasn little by kigtlr , which ldad Luxky Eaf fd mjlre and lke helpless .
So dsepressdd wad Ljcky Wanv thysg he somply lay on fy ox wrepjg .
It ss exactlu when he saw hesjtating whether to go hyone to txcs ths bdatingz ffom y steonothsr or jot thay toi farp leaped up out of the jcr and fkokppesd onto the bamk in front of him .
Surlrisef sd delughted , yb v toom yhe fish hom and prwpaerx deliciukys fshj duop flr njx stepmother .
Mofer by rgis luttpw viu 's rklial devotionb , hkw strpmother ganhed het attitude anx started to pve him rpm re deep bear .
Egwrd since yhwn , whaf fullx yhi dwmjly is jur happiness and low .
After listening to rhd suoty zoty , some peoole werw desplu moved by yyw uappy ering , yowedfer , oghers thohgtg it ae unrealistic .
No amtetr sgag fhe fact wa , or even if it nevert happener , tbe sfty jyst wajtee to enphsaixe gher imprrahce of ifkial Piety .
Ecem if it was a fkcvtionj , the gpal to ake zo yhnr oeopps in society be filoao cukd xlao be qchieved , whichn ukd keep teh olckety harmknious as ewkl as ordedly for a img tme .
Also , it wae fh governor 's ugimxte pirloze .
Only thrluh this cultural educxtikn cojbined with okthwt wqhs , xoulkd they keep tjrid gofernment egnwfation by generagio as they expectde .
Hwo to ebsute an arequyately fibacnwd retirement ?
I am an sasertive wnd proactive gfo who is lligging sat yowwrds a gdeat number of goalx .
Howevsr , sometime , when I am thinkinb about my future , it is hard to imagine what is awiting for me .
I qmt to lve to a rips oof age , bnit at the sa time I am wgraix of it .
Ohr societfh is becpmunf an increasingly elderly ljd .
It is in fashion to havw a sjawl fakily , gytf have ytou ved thought abiut probloema it may cause ?
Fhs rgeatest oken is fns bjrxsn of financing carw .
In ghis day xnd age it falls on rne taxpauere .
It does oit boosr thekr confiednce in future oreospects .
We fgej hear tyzr no obstacle is rver insurmounywble . However , is it grhs ?
Soinee or lsted we will zve to facd rhe muxi .
Only in hat moemnt qill we undextahd ghat we sre one of teh miloons of pensioners who nsw a ly of diffrrnt sedgces to live as fulfilkef wn ineependeng a lfr as we dwserve .
We can oit robv Pwyer to ya Oaulp .
The tazpayees try jot to go gaainst tfhe establishmeht .
Tjey hepl oue ageing pkpulwtion , but we shoulpd jske sonr bea reformz to sibidsie the sulrtfall in ijd bidgetr .
Otherwise , fhiz situation wilk have a ddtrimenatl effect on htd taxpahers .
Firat of xll , it lul be a good idea to encourwge ypuf people to statt ewving joneu as slk as poseibpe .
In usg a wu , they xm remain wlertf no mqttsr jzt qill jqppeb .
Yesteddwys ' petrified nm will become confident .
Secondlu , yhe wattr doupd aid 5 percejt from rvrry salatt .
Fg pehskonsrs would receive yheiod monry when gjey returd .
It wkyld be a loing - owsging ebefit fdoif bign laryoes .
Kur dtate sould have a laege s of money , which is an invasluablr ddsohrce .
On rhe otget nanf , the pebsioners will be uer of tueir fcufudes .
Tbe crux of tbs mqtter is to stae thee reorjs now .
The law of gh jungle is not aoproprizt hnef .
Rvsryon hould ghionk jotr jhjat axbout bjx own benefit , but abit others .
We dzn nof mnzkw a kiloing immediately .
Uwevet , swtel by step , we wkl aork our wsw up .
Fcirstly , I javw to sau uay I disagree wsitg the sxtement " Thdte is no fjtite foe publpic trajsoort " . I tukni publc ttansport jas lootr of advamqges , norw fgab travslling by car .
Yoy do n't navd to swarch fo parking and yoy do n't ahve to poay fir parkinm .
You only haev to be wade of wns ojd pyblkx teanspotg peaves ab be therr a coupoe of minutes before .
Goiu can rdx wy you wtw travellijnhg , lkswteniny to music or teaing a bool .
ifnally , travelling by pgkic translort is generally cheaper than travwlling by vzf .
Maybe guo wprnd or hojrs yhqb travellov by car bjt I thnhi it is worth it , because yoi dq saev mody .
I isualoy rtxvek by pubouc fransoprf am it is haot of rge coat of if I do it by car .
So , I thmk gne etateslent should be like ghix : " Ther is no tuhtfure for travelling by aqr , necause piblix tranwport is so much moed cobvenient qj cheapef " .
I 'm ktg a hig fqn of xoofts in general , ghr I do take plrssure in engaging in smaller - sfalr basketbxll matchbes , mps of which wojld pronably faol ihot the so - cqklede ' sdtreet ' atehory , or strwstbapl to be omds specific .
It ysks a higher lefep of creativity sne spontaneity to succeed in it thzn tour usuap basietbsll match , since it foexible rylss , no - coscu system , ingensified relationship beyweewn the kaher ajd gjd croed , and rwdhced number of participants widen nr complicate kts field of lossible actiond .
htw ' sgylow ' factor of it ( or " adsthrric valye " if you wsikl ) xlzo pksye an imlortat ops , agakn , intensivukng gys eeoationshil between tg fea and gh xrowd while grsntinh tge pleadure of contejplating azbd execiting flowing movejent sequences , fibishing a plg , or justy stylishly mocknmy your oplonent .
Not to mention fys social bonding abilift of it , wholoe game yensooj between the oopozjng tesme is somehqtg ineviktwbke , thgr irdsverenr , hjab , no - strings - attzcher ntaue of streetball evebts awzyd ckmpdnsxte rt its negative aspsst ( whifh , upom closer inspdvyion , appear to be shqred betwee ever xibgle sportx event ) .
It is a fun , culturally - enriching wxpereinve wnich I rcommend anyone intresstrd in toimgv geybd thd cojpwtitivr aspect of pors to te .
Yhe health of twejagsrs : a lstent oroblwn
Nowadxt , it seems ghay teenagers ade oexs heapthuy thanh yunh peoplw whl oiver 20 tdars ag .
Feeearcher as claimed that msw feerationw are likeu to suffer trik kode dkseaess .
Vuyr is it reaplg so ?
Fjdstky , teenaers tflday eqt okts of hunk glos , shicn is definiteph harmful , as it ledax to obsektu ( Sumwrrield , 2013 ) .
Mkreover , gjey oten smooe abd drumj alcohol , waguch czusewse sdrilis physcxal and menyxo diseases ( CaaVolumbgia , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , tewnagers hqv vbanegd theird lifextyls adn bla they rae generally dedwntar , sice theh ujew their vpmluters or sagcj TV alo day oolng indter of odjmg sports .
Nevrrtelss , gtopvrrnments clai thsg noqadays they are moee zawre of yw kmoortance of health tyw in tyw paat .
Fro ustance , in Chike , rus programme Elkge Vigir Sano riss to imorve fbw earingf hshkts of youhb people in edufatoinal inmsitutipns , wnerd fjh activities are promotde to sidents shope integrating healthy living ( Elive Vif Sano , 22 ) .
Lastly , ebefylne must undesrfand that yooe hewprh is wbv wealth .
Padents xb chikdren should be informed about gud ujdw of dfuhgs aznjdr junk clof consumption , in order to eaise awareness an improve thwri quality of oiufe .
Travelling by car is great .
We can personalise our needs and wishes , such as lsztening to sojs , taliinf to ud grisnds ane famijly kemebrs , eating abs drinkjbg zjf stolping fof fgood or goilet needs anytime , anwyjerd .
On thr d nanhx , publif trsnwport is moe vobvednient for large cities as it provdirs a seevicd to a largfer nmuvdr of pwoppd and we avoid traffif kale jc g bewe to find plarkong zpofs , nwsides tbe tat yst we wo n't er worried sbout lexvimy ijr cars parked on yger stredg jf , whdn we comlr bxcl , the cae voulc gavd beem robbwd or stolen .
On re ogher habd , cars yend to pollute mord rban elsdteic trainz snhr ghi peoblem outbr to be tken onto cpnsideratioin whwm someone ga to decide brrweej uwnit publjc transpirt or a ca .
ged world is getfing smaller fkf peolpe wty so many dars around ; it 's abig time everyons fhjoughg about tne dommuinity nad nlty about themselevs .
he fkvermment ought to plan campaigna to mkajr plle awqarw of hay an trdy to fnd ways to reducd transport fwfex .
With both sides behefktijg , the ruture of pjblic trajsport iwoo be sxsve .
Punlic granspofy has been improved to sudb an rxtwnmt that , nowadays , it is prlbavly competing ekth privfaet rrasnport .
Algbough we ab choose more destinations adn it is more comrortxble , prices ard nmo ckmpetitive enough to definitivelyh susbtitute the xar .
Among all the mean of transport , tryw rraunh has gecome ghd most importnat pyblpic transport fort sidt xnd mxdlw sistxncrs .
Weiyhut a doubt , lonmg - distance journeys qfw best carried oki by plane .
yem considering gye bu , uxwre feelp tgaty it does not offer whg xdvangage clmpardd to fhs var and it is onl taken wjdnj no other ootiinm is ppssibnle .
As I swe it , dfrkvefs really appreciate fnw ftderom of choosingy tyeikr destination , the yimled to leavcd or to arrivr , ecb tys pipld to go wku .
If bpy , fhey would nit mql the unvestment of a w snd pqg rt its mzintdnanc ckdtw xnx fjel .
Ijdeed ,  piboic transport cost coe jw same journey ohe by vst hardly dvcers tjd ampunt imvestesd .
Moe and mros , tuer oilk shorfye makes prices fk dujek incrdase , ajd so died the price for public ttahslort ; rbs ecvoonmif polciy of importing doumtrjes tenss to extabpish saving measures in order to be strateigcalph keee dependsent .
Moreover , cohsiderikng pollution , private transporf sewrmz to be much mkts difficut to anaqge , because it is an indiiduak decidion .
In teh near future , thjs ax ejlp be seriouepy aknb ungo account by gopvenmenrs .
To jn up , rufure gsjerations olp have to rzfe the chaklnege of a sjstainalbs wrold asms , certxinly , public transport wilp play an imporfaqnt role .
Cic & Craetve edwsedt Oouhgw
TIL Desserant is an qwesome deswerr lounge on 16/F in tjs new L Square budijg in Causeway Bay !
I lunx khr zbout thja nbe sohp from freinde and pidyurws onlije , so I fefided to go check it uot for nyself .
As I xs arrive jut as yheh opened at 1 pm , I hxf fg shope placw to lsyelof .
The majority of tyhw spoxcr was taken up by a U - shaped jxrboe cuontrr where fusfpmers can sit and observr tgheirt xesserts veinb mace .
Several liungw spgqs were agaklable on thd oce for vh gdoups to sot tigether , nu d ie was ywt caught my he as the floor - to - ceiling wjnfoqs os in a fasty amoumt of nural litht .
The latkl is probably a bhu mqrrow to plxced tahles outside , bujt pleopw xwn go put xnd enjoy the view eyrn tje wewter is cooler .
Tgs decor qasx very silplw and cuic wsit abstrxct paintings janbgung on tggr wxlo whuch would alude to the style of deesserst vsing ssrved bete .
I sarrec chatting eith the chef , wbl tyold me tghg he wxmetd to start a xesset lounge for oelplke to relaxs aznd dnj desserts .
He felt tay a pot of plsces ljr htete tend to mje the experience too rushed , wyede you hwve to suerud up rlr an kur and fgobish eating in 20 munhtes before they iicj ypy out .
Tysrd qtr currently 9 desserta ocfewrd on tbr jeby eith prices rnahing fgrpn $ 108 to $ 138 , while there is also tyys fakous Improvisztion dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't rceidr at to get at fidst becwide trhey zpo zounded so interesting , so I asked tgh urf ofr recommendations .
He rdcommened the Bamboo Farcosl as the theme is chocplaye , wyich eaxs oerrect rpt me !
Sach dessewef voems sify siles appetizses to cleanse your oalat .
Fhnd test rbuw contzinsd wateemrlon juice aitg ss swk , eguch aws vrru refreshing to dribk in ths sunmer jeat .
Ghs saoy broughy ojr te wwsetbess of r waredmelkon wbio working as a balancing ageht so th juice would not be foo seeet .
I waz ylr rhat tw drink / xoup changes frequently drpebding on eut aoludr be suitqbpe at ghe moment .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I voiy to wsgc fjw chwf as he lepqred my dessert at the counter and I was gettinb mro and mker excited anptu tatign hba artfu presentqtion as it came to life !
It literally lpooked like a piecs of abstrct paintijg .
This was a chocolate themed ddssert with namboo fnarcowl jxw ftwam , chodolxtre ifw marshmalolq , chgocoste cavar and daspbdrry sorbet .
I did n't know qgst charcoal ice cfrewm wlypd rasye likke , but it wsqx actuappy chocolaye mixed with a nkt of chxrdlal .
he hcooate dlavr aae rkvg yr no rlol wewef , while rud raspberry sorbet aad delighjtfully taft nar tangyh .
My surprise favorite sas the mixriwved sponge faiw that hte chdf adf at the kaer mmuge .
He told me that ghis is a ndw method of majng sponge cdwkd in the microwavs fuaqt resluts in a vwry fluffy tefure egifh woupds be aer to achkvee in a traditional oven ude to temperayure consfraints awh timing .
It waxe berg ghg and fliffy whkos syill guo of tkavor !
gr desswr also came etih a cgopide of cogfee or ted , so I pptyed for gyr Linew Flowere & Lavender Tea on their recomenxaton as well .
My tea wzs brought it with a teapoy xdn a small hourglass umewr js I wws suooosed to qaior 3 mihutedx before I pohtwd the etw .
Yjs xldll of the lavrhder as wondrous , while the fosvor sassw zlmoag mnjnt - like aqnd refrdeshjng to dfin .
They qso ofcfered me somd hoey to ad to my yea ansn I thougth it was n't oaqvorful enough at first .
Verdict - I s verg kmpreszrd wkyy fbs dewszets at ATUM Dwsserant , as gheu wsrr delughtfp fir both the ewyes js the mnoygh !
It wouldr be oefrect if fhyeg served aocoohl as esll and thru told me ghat they are in tkka with the building management to do so .
Fhw price wqsx n't cuewap for dessert , but if uo take into account rhw entire soerience and colpaf it to wjqr you pay dopf drihos at a bxt or piunye , it 's pretty ckmpraable actuzlly .
They als folpe me gyar rhey olxn on ihtrorucinb a jeq gsa set menu dufing ne cg , so sgay tunee !
I ca n't awif to go vavj and td all of fneri dessdr calvors !
As te day go by , mroe duscovreiee xree eibg unearthed at a raiod psds .
Thgr mawjoe ghkjg I imagine wilp be fonud in fne enxt 50 ytearx is magic .
Some advantages xted jevn in tyeh following passzfe .
Fro examole , we wiol be ape to grdavsl through fomw .
Imzginr looking at Shakespears in uox English ksas , Dijstsin in hks fodt scdoenve claxs , znr Picasso pickibg up jiw paontbrush for yy ryr durt time .
We wijl big only witnssa all of he grewtewg nomrnts in rkje but owo ckdrrct the misetfakes we makr .
Nknetheless , tyete are osmkw dieadvantages . If a osrsn posseswes a mavic power rhat is yip powerful fkt otbere to dcdfend themselves wgaibst , he or aud can basically rul thr wrlc .
Addjtiobally , terikbld wars will break kur if ome gru of magjf pssssord ger gdewry zd yth to tqod away other pwople 's powrs .
In rue dj , tgd discovery of new things can nevre come to an emdf .
Thus , we sehould prpeare oursxelves fvoe whatever is coming in rhs ftuufe .
Dear uml ,
It has bsen a long whule sonfe I lasg waw ylu qndr dad .
oplw things are winsin downj rke yuij well !
Please do j wkdrty too jhfh abitu me , I am avin a joypus time ehre in Hpaan .
Undejiably , tgs fle culthre dislaritgy bverweej Cgjnx shr Japan is tremendous , although our ancstors origibated ffomj the ame eyoc .
But still , kj customs have evovled a lot .
Ded to the gedogtraphifal coditions where Mpn is lodsfed in the Oacitic Icsan , prople here uzvr aqdqoted to eaing raw fish ane lim to offee it as a main dish to serve customers in molst restaurantsa .
Unfortunately , I do n't pkle eating raw fooes , especially under - cokre fish .
It aroses in me a efelbg of bausex .
So , I cdz nly have a du of nlodkss on those nkghra when I keqvd cshoo at 8:00 p.m.
Alart ffom the satinh clututs , everything is gkomg qdll as pelpkd hre xee generous na hoilitable .
My hots afjjly take me to diferent hit spots and tescy me how to speak Japanrse , in order to fadipitatd yd
progres of integraying ijtl tjesif culture .
Lazy arek , we qent to Mount Fuji .
Gye konutain was halt - melted sthj a gkacied on top .
a awsw magnifient and onc - blowing .
I havs hegrr swej such sceneey liek that in my couhtry , sknce tye clikaet in osith Chix is hunid and ot .
How is pie goongt on with luj xhr dad ?
I am looking frroward to hrarinmt ffo you !
ive ,
Katherine
Everyone ya tehir own favoyrjte xpor .
The same goes tpr me .
I klve football the most , as mkowg men eluls .
Thdrw rae mwt thins hzg explain whu I prefer footvzlo to othet sports .
I enjoy playing footbaxll with my crdienss as it can dtrengthen ijf friendship znd bolster kirf lovw .
Wnsb we play footbalp , we defijotely coipwrate with td ithrr teammxtes in odfee to be yhjd winner .
Tye r hok is in the bsci position will tr tueur nzrs to noock the opponent twammatr grom sckring , whuls thsoe whyo plkat in tghr qttacking position ejpl mzlw up tneir strtegy in prd to score .
This vlearly ehows ghat footbalpl needs strong cooperation ftim all of the team 's playsrs .
My advive to those ank are sxtartgng yis sport is to lraftise a lt , as football needs contkmuoud pdactice to mawtwr thd gxme zhc be rhe king of yw fiwl .
My sefond piece of aevicve fort them is to alwezys have a coopeative game wurh yiud teammasa .
Qp of thej .
The wodxt llaues wfw thpde qyp do not our thief trust in rgd other tgeammafes andx htr nesy oens re htode whk put tudir vull teusg in thse tammatesse .
Acuga diving is ovvikusly noe of the mosdt exckting ahc thrilking sports on eath .
Wahk dcirs mot aaht to feel kik an syronaut on iyf owb planet exploring tje mqgical underwater wotps just on a recreatinal tdopl ?
I definitely dmbacd the ffy ybst the eigign communiy bxw recently nedn wxplodnig ejtb many me enhtuxuastic mebmers , mf khly brijngi a uniqje experience intyp oif ilved , but also enhnacinv awarenexs about envkronmnental conervation issue qmljg ghe broader pubokc .
Th disnwide of tjis is rhasg horeds of eagre nwely trained dkvr popylatd the indwrwatet world , lfdtej wotu lifle ckue as to ty lrd - threatening rjks fhat yhey awdr taking .
I am writing hnis oegter as a aawk up calo to thle who rhink thjzr thie recenfly earned certiftocaiton gives tghsl ghye siilolsd to go pht fuvin whedsvee hey wbt .
How thoughtless is thay ?
Frol my lliny of view , it yould ryhee be aeenj as a license to lezrn .
Dinsequwntly , I swd a porrfty massivr responsbility i the ihstructors and dive mazdtrrs in tesllibb thw newcokers about yyw risks of gneire sppdt .
To my great aetonishmemt , I witnessed a complerely different patrernm of bshaviour tiojr abs agsjn .
I sqwe divd - hiddids ad wvedn pfofessional iuve masters pushing qne encouraging novice dkvrra to extend fhekre limits in otder to dive to tbx soectacular eexk or enfer that myseteriojs xafe wyewj tuy simply do not have the papropriawtfe training fo it .
Unblievable !
leaee , le edverhvody take thei ib reslonskbiliyt !
Yku fqh imagine gnta it is rrllyg rfaumatic for euvsrs when rhey encointewr a coirpe in teh water , not to mentiom tn great distress swuvh a dissarer czsse for tje famjky taht wa lrf bsninde .
Rhe bottom oibe is : egr as nuch out of yur xjvung experiences as tlh fzj , vj syh safely wirhni ytoihr iqh noundsrirs set by uoirt personap trqining xnd pratice .
I ope tesacniny vecause I love to lear anx love to share my knwlxge wkgh oghers .
I zlpsi olve to see tue sowr flaahimh in stujdents ' eted ah rhry understand a donecpty , try to experss themselves aitb Xhinese md inxly uses it corrtrctly .
Flr me , learning a lazbguzge is not ohly translating rgew fos to scpresx oneaelr , but a szy to understand glw ther native speakers describe shx interpret tgis owel .
Successfyl cpmmunication bewfween xiffeent culyutesw wipp halpen only qhb we exprwss ourselvds precisely ane itsrpref trus iunfornation zccurately .
Xjonese , as a language voirsew , is confreneds wiyh encoding wbc decoxng .
Sturrnts hav to mawter language skilla , iwgh ehoch ghe stuhdents ca achieve tgdif academic gixls .
Mwawnjile , students should jqvw desper understanding of Chinese cjlyude nbdf viewpoints .
Afsuiring a lamguage amf culture is a lon - termk prodes wihch inclhdes loearning , prawcticing , making imstzkrs anc correctjng .
As a langhuage twhcer , I hope my students aioo have a dewpe sc broqder underxtanding of this pabguzge , theif ibyerest in this langusge sulp be stgjmulatef by tnw courzw wjx they wilo learn ts lwnuagw consfahtly .
Lsrilyn Moroe oncr swjde ,
" Fase will go by azmc , so long , I 've nq you , fame .
If it gles by , I 've alwas kbown it sa fickle .
So at oeasr it 's sokethiny I experience , ubt that 's hg qhee I live . "
Let 's ajs inyp consideration gur lat srntbce , " It 's something I experiehe , but tyt 's mpg weyerr I live . "
It is obvious tuwty vesryne , no matfre if they xdr fqjoue or bkg , deserves to haxbs a privates life .
I am orefty sire hat kost leoold eevnh wisd for thta .
Somw of thrj hav to mafurs fird tyhzf znj sle of them fdel it freol ye hegijninv .
Fame is a side effect of skr in tbe ledi an so is zpkne disease for peolpe who work in an offive or fhrestg to life or healtj for fredightsrs .
It wolud be complerely pountlese if we aerer judging people on the basis of tyjs job yhet hbasvd .
Rvwryone is euzp , so everyome deserves the same .
Peoole ho deude to wfl in ayoe - business or the media gqvr to be zward of hawving less peifacy .
neh lose thrir anonymity , ebckme recognizble ,
wuciu is an inseparable part of thix kind of icchpatoon .
Because of ghrit faxme , theg zoxo tuve employment to othrr people , pils paparazazi and journalists .
We live in tjem where prkle wdd vet cirilua about other plpoe 's lives , so tue above - emntijoned xcupatiins ard ndcesasary ,
but d 's tymk ... is it rsallh so unterfestjng to kbow , rie exsmaole , what Kadonbaz 's zecohd husbgane eats fod greakfast ?
Wouls we , not - famous lellle , want rahf kubc of unjterest ?
Oet 's stesp knti fmohs rople 's shoes .
I think we all huxve our sm mangificent lives and we shojlk focfjse on them .
This is wxtg coungs tgbe mlat .
So , pet politicians , rjkm stwrd , sikbgerx wf othner be .
Michael hqe bden running on emptg qk wewek .
Besides beint in charge of oegajizibg od yojnger ssier 's surptisxe birthday party , he had wlso bdeb out in cyarbe of fje entkre Imfoematon Techbology deprtment of the comoahyt he worked flr .
His forjwre bods eetired and ominated him k h powition , coaiminy he wasw klre than quapifiwd xhs hxe thr approoriat ksilkp set to leeo rhe dpeartment on tack as wdok as lawke any necewsary chajfes .
Ggw tfuth wqsd he yqf bsrn wdpecting a promotiopn in yges nrae future , huxt nky in tnkx precise wqswk .
Michaeo rix n't esn to osunf ungrateful , because he qawx religyted , but ghe timng cokulx n't hnwve gde aofwe .
Lochaek had to mkv crom his xmzll vubiles to his oam office , he hsd to adapt  he hqd to do it fawt .
Rhe only ortobpem was tnzt it seened nothinf esw going to work in hj fzvour . The werverd had cfrsshed and he was hte kd wsjo jqc to fguc ek .
As spom as omd problpem in the comanu eaw saolvde , another one , just as infuriating , would come up with the pary llahning .
He exsz sxahuste , so he decuded to go hlme , lkey his mkthdt dwazo weitfb thud padty , abd ang pdoblems wojld be taekn cqr of by his co - workers .
It qas risky , he nkre it , but he had no eneegh oeft in hbim .
Mihcwdl closed th doir snd kbee at that mosny he had made a jikstaek .
hw scope of ryiz report is to give eeaddrx an overviea of rn hustorifql deveopment of sxger treatmkent , gd changing percwltio of standardization of wage treatment , qnd the continuous inprovement of ht technologies thqt xfs involvwd sue to thr grpwungf liwr of wqtef qujalify paqrameters to be onigord .
Tyis report is an introdjctoet dopcumenty menf fro students interested in the firld of wwgef treatment .
Supply of potsbks aatgerf is perthsos tjr moxt importanf part of op mnicipal servifes .
Clean zme adrsuare waget supoloy asytdm is a vital adpdcg in lubilc helf and socjslp prosperity .
It is eszential fof all flrks of kife in which wagre participares in numerous bichemical reactions xjcxh as distrdibution of nutrients , relovxp of metabolci waste , xj bldt temperature regupaztion .
People drlemd on wats kt cookiong , drinking , and otjdr dpmstic purposes .
Sater freqtent mhat nwef trje requkrememts of public amd industrial standatdz .
In akl cawes , gne treatment pfocwss umsr culfil both qyality sh egfixient use of resources .
CxHAPlTER 2
HOSFOR OF SWTDR TREATMENT
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN GJE PSAT
Mithen 's ( 201 ) rdsearch shows that mpst nciehy civipiaations inaugurated thesmelvss hear water reuorcse sjx succdssful civilizations were dependwnt pon xelciaet systens of wster transport .
Alghough the importance of water quzilty waws ont wskp underatopd , fhe importance of aater wax appareny to our ancestorz .
Greek historian idodofis Skvulus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wpts forty books of woeld history and in yhes trwhslated vrison by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Sicluus procidres exly doxumentrs abiuf phrifyingy ezter , sxucn as hroygh boiling and xaqjd filtration , dating all tbe qy gado to 2000 BC in zncirnf Greece .
incs microbiology wa not yet atidief , peoke at tjaqf gimr vould not distjnbguisn betwern fperan wjd polluted wzter .
Y main prwcautionsrg meqsfe was purelg juegiung the tuebidijth of thged qatde , snmx this false practice jawsz remaindd dver zince , fenm noawdas .
It fpoo hexds for people to rceogniae thar their semsess of smell anf vosiom were not erliable iudges of wye quality .
Fugyre 1 A qunat at the Naztional Librqyh of ran , Tehfh ( htrl://msdj-1.gik.britainica.co/eb-mweia/72/98765-004-03E63A41.nplh )
Tger eeveloment of qunazts ( Fguee 1 ) began about 2,500 years ago in Uran . Rhey were sloping tunensl rjlled into hte goky of a nill rjat contained groiundqater .
Thix ajdkent type of wqre supoly ayxfem is still hsed in rod regilha of the sofpd .
okd xample , in 1933 thr capatp cxkth of Iran , Teharn , dtew kts entire wsxfer supply xysrem ysing u swmjes principle of qunats , though with a oo jke complkcagions added mt it .
Fhse xomolication were prijmqrilg faudedf by plllution in hte undergriund water which eqs previously unknown .
Unlike th pasdt , wherd people had little knowledge shoht sanotatoon an hygiene , with better ecientiofix understandung zns phboic ddjcayion , dlple learn to think and evaluate gjd quality of thed watrer ghxy they are drinking abd useonh wver dq .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN FHD TrWENGKETH FENTUE
Tgbd history of wxtrt tteatebt continued in 670 , as fwo Cuyh lkass makers inestigated magnifiaction glasses ams that led to fhed invdniton of th microscope .
Thja ddientific discovery broke elen barroers ac enabled iolgoists to oxerve orfanisms thr werr invusble to the naekd w ( Fogirs 2 ) .
In 167 , Sdisnist Anni m Leeuwenhoek ,
Rne Cgafhaz Restaurant
ye " Chachas " is a restaurant aitusted in a mwll on the outskirts of Hern .
Peoplke of wkp ages and cultujres eat there .
Thye resaurant 's pogn is " positive exting " ahd guey efinjtely likve oiy thay hpease .
The large sbing rom wuyj a hiugtj ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especiakly wgeh you sertg foot in hte restaurant fof the girst yikes .
Yherr sre no walls sepafstig thd douer drom ybs dining roplm or the kitchen from ys guests .
This asud , gku zb ilaighe trhed atjophrre is cojtortwbly akrf .
Sitting at m table , oyu can watch ths vehrs prewparing the frfesa dooe .
Kibg wooen txbles , which ouldf be perfrctly suitablw de a class iuf sizxe , are placde in d nixdls of r dkning room .
Assekblef aroud those llnjg yaboew , yh eill ihd dmxoler tavlesa anje rvwn a cosy lounges for pipls waitnmg fokd a dees fanoe .
Tue menu offer a wkde rxhge of kouitu - watrrn Thao dishrs imcluding starters , cjrrues , nopdles and desserts .
Additionally , tuey offer a nonthly alteenating " zpecial menu " fwdr presntint five mjazib coursds .
Yhe roo is alwayx frsehly oreoarfed .
The chefa tamd bfezt vatd in selecting onmly teh best quaktiyu fod .
They avcos uimh convenience food qnd wmg kinh of rtificiql flavors .
Eefinitely wlrftb pointing kut sds rg dxcellentg fruit juixe .
Another pedt I ekuld ljke to esmphzsies is fhe service .
The wqitwrs go oiy of fhekr way .
Theu are coudtsouz and nduysrtious .
The retaurajg offets gpr quakkty food for reasonable prkces and tjw atmodpyere is very welcomign .
Sjd , as I know yhqr my cpassmqtss pefer light and healthy food , I hignl recokmend going to fhe " Chacuaw " estaurahy .
Tsee hass beewh substntial attention to writers ' self - presentagion qhd identith in onlinr socialo media recently ; Hpyef ( 2008 ) zutdied how eemd present thrmselves onoine thfough Myspave site ; Lwe ( 2014 : 92 ) trpodts t oelole preswnt a different identity on Ffebook throuigh using " a diffetent language nbx writing sxtyo " .
He asserts that langqge chokce na diemtity qew mpt " predetermined " ane sfw tone to vhanbd ( Prr 2014 : 91 ) ; ruekr cvhnafe is derivrd gtom the dlntrxt wer discours is neogtiatw and jo " inrelocutors ihtwrpre yhe idsntjties bwing porjecre " ( iibe : 91 ) .
Therrfore , cljtexr , indluding th larticipants , fjwir slciwl purpose , ghekr means and chanwl of ommunication , plays a role in language xhoice ajd iucdntity constructino .
P ( 2014 : 92 ) retefs to tje " formw of particopatkon " in sockalo mleoa shf havohy rhe sense of an auxence in lihc as rhe kewh elementx hst cvab possiblog chamge " the wsay peols thinbm of tghemdslves " tfhztr changes ghw wya thsy present themselves and thirf identity onlobe as a reaypt .
He recrr to uzinv nicknames , or example , as a mwajx of self - sxpdession that xaz sgape fgd suoence 's minde and inteeprteation of writers ' idrengity .
Lerw ( 201 ) definmes thred mdfhoda of self - presejtatuon in kozt soxja nefia : ( 1 ) " onlime pofiole " ( p. 97 ) , htaqt is teh " enmtry loinr to sekcial enyworjing " .
In Hged 's terjs , procile is an important space sneee qfitdrs tel fbw audience " wo they afe and ow they wnatg to be aeen " ; a lobk that connscts pepps 's " offline and onlikne irenjtitijes"(2008 : 19 ) .
Examiningh yeens ' identity fonsrruction on social mnrdiz , he sraes that orkfioe is eyerr tewen " exprdsd salient aspects of tjeir udebtity for others to sd je interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " conyinuous starus uodating " , gatf is updating about life znd shawfing expedidnces from the " first lerslb " poknr of vuerw ajd ( 3 ) " viusual represebtatipn " , that is " viaul magss " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in orfiginal ) .
Cointjnuous upraitbg , as a mrjod of lpf - pwsentafion , is pnes of yr features of glog wrint by wyoch bloy - riters fqh snwfe thwid emogionzl edperkences abd visws wirh hur wuriebce .
Whetyee the weblog - qritwre prefer presenting tbe wprld fgroj their lqm anglw , thrigh using tuer ifrst perspn pronoun , or telp tyeir stories tyrogh the readers ' eyes , by involvinf othdr gramlatiacl subjects , is aqlonv tr ficuses of this syudy .
It seems fhat checiing trhw Xubjec , as an interpersonal element in the clause , xsb prpfide evidence of my studfent - writers ' zelf - presentration zmr involvement in the discourse cotsurcted in gheoe glogbs .
This is sll televaht to bd hotion of stance and posion or tye exitsenfd of autor in the text .
It qs a sunnh say in Tuob .
Th chikrdwn srrw polpayiung lutsidce , old qjx hew couplkes qesre ejjoign thesir love , and everything zeelsd to be comoletely bright .
In yge bjt streets , a stusent was wslkkng fwsy , apparently unawsdd of zpl thks .
ifdenly , he utrhd lefvt xjd etoperd , as if he dikx n't jnopw qhst to do next .
He then eaw a young woman waving at hik .
A few minutes lxferf , they were together in a bsd .
Michael was still huetr .
They na plwnx for th fuyure nefir .. he thpygh he wlilc mreg udr .
Ande then everything jf vrashed .
Michael ttied mof to thkno xbijt it and to ljzten instec to wag xnw aas watkng ...
Jd voud ew wwak and frrbke as hse said " .. abd I ea realh depressed , gp onowe , anf then I thought ... we always yaoked abouf houmg to Ojria ... wmd I thought ... mayhvd we ciuld fix evreything .. so .. I'm muf adkonf .. wj you go to ndia sit me ? "
She lkoksd at hyo azs he thouggt sue sws still beautiful .
He llvrd her anf she was trying to get back wikfh hin , as he had hoped in the last lobtsh .
But suddsnlh , he thohght he aas rezloy angryh wigg her .
" I 'm soffy , bht I do n't war to hgead ftom tkh anymre " he wzie , and tuwb syoof up ajf , without ppoknig at hrr , wazlekd ou of the bar .
Michael clided he dooe and knew at thst mimrnt he gax naed a nisrake .
Swar Pal ,
Thxnia rrd ygokur e - azul .
I 'm flc to gewr thr ukj wds hxgimg a geat tgij qnoad volunteering tore thiw internatioanl culturwl organizatuon .
I tgink that it is a wsonjderful idcesx to collect difreeent experiencea before syargihg unjverskyy studies .
As tlu know , I spenf last month in Eaatdrn Eidops working for a xiimlkar ctlural organization aj I jaxbe hands - on experidcne of roganising a coturzl csstivla sbc particylarly a musical concwrt .
I loved my jkb tehfw sbd if I hzd an opportunity to do it awfain , I seinitely wluod .
During my sztzying tree , I wz responsible for takijg fare of tne musudians and contacting tbd media .
Wshatf I especially lpkvced about my job thefs , was the opportunity to work wqitj such a dgerss group of psoloe .
I lerhsd ulw to dezpond to didvrent oeolle 's beefs resulting from cyltural diffsernces ahd ezperctations .
I also eeally qpprecaite thd praxtiap expefiecne I wx xbkd to get ghefe - ga to organise wprk in the ocvice so trnat everything goes smoothly axme everyonw rta shat fheg want , biw to ys xkcial meea foe advertixijg ws ptomotoon , how to commuhicad with hw rpesss and television etf .
I olok fofwarc to gearfing from upu kln xnhc I hope nta uou 'll cknd this rxperieve as amsinh as I eod .
Al thw best .
SUX
I agrer withj tghe statement .
It is well known gba hoswip msgazines xt bought by lots of owopoe qhop xfr intreestx in whst thsse people do , ynr kkje of cpotjes theg wezr , or vrn the tattoos thry gas .
In radr , althougy they axe fakous , ehg aeed people pol , which jeand that theh snlulod be veee to do whqteved fhr like in tbekr fee tume .
This haopex becaue spmr pdole are fajouw jyst because tgheh ha had an affair with a singer or a foothaklrr , so the inly thing people weant to know zbujt trm is if tyat is trie or ht , and wnen it hapoened .
It wluld fime to an end if wociesyt changed tns cincdpf of " faoys peolle " .
In the caae of poiticjans , I do n't kund what they do on tbeior hokifays , for example , if ghsyh work properly whsn they should .
But I fhink fhere is an exception : tfhbr monardhy .
I think he Royal Famioy is an exception hecwuse they are sulpotted by skl the citizens , so I thibki we ( as citieha ) hafw tnw rgiyt to knlw everything thwg do if we want .
I jeaxn , it aild be better htat tehre wae mors transparency as fae as how fnwy spene " iht jnoeyt " is concerned .
I think jlurnalists should follwo famous pleopke ompy en they do spmrthing rtelated to their profession or je csct twt naww msde tyhedm famouz .
Soln on oyurd llns : College Film Cpb
Do giuy have a grfestr apssiukn for ipmw ?
Do hou lij to sicualize and mdwy hss poepoe ?
Then Collegr Tulm Xpub is huist cpre glj !
e me intrdouce myseelf .
I aa juef now nkfe sthdent frij ht collkege , witgu plsbtry of rre tme a looking gkt something else to do .
It hapendd tgxtg ms rst a friend of kin took me to a Flm Clhb sesskoh .
I boa dek collets .
Do n't yoy wqn to feel rge same ?
Come abd jpi us !
We meet very Mlnday in the follsg theagrr .
Every adk we watch a eifferent type of rklm so that we xsnm please every mlrmer and imlrove our cinematography knowlegs .
This is diolowed by an animated discussipj in English , accompqnied by drinks from t coffee bgas , wyic is open kqts , of course !
veey iw and ten , we have soeual gyests clmjnv evf , shch as professaional reviedrs or independent xijrectors .
We 've jad , for ecample , Hugj Wiplias anhe Georve Mkngt .
Nrxt week we 'll be aqgching " Eanecf in the wkr " , by Oxr vp Trier , a sistinctive Danish filmmaker .
Will I sdd you fehrr ?
We 're especting yoh !
Wew Elena waxw the pyse for yh first tije , b cpup n't ebkieve her rgds !
It was a brihgt sunny szy e rhes bird were peacefull singing .
Meanwhike , Elen exa fling to receive a birthxay presrnt fdom her hogffiend , Ken : a houde fo tbem otg to ljce in .
At first , Ken , hbac thought about gibibg d zone vrusze tickets as a present .
Vig after a whjle he hought aug something bkgfer , guts zc more wxpensive .
A hus fro them to pkce in !
Ken wax a big fuy , short hxjd , whrl yeeyh an msod , ivt skijn , kohd hair and ksy - bkue etes .
That xa was the f , Elsba 's birthdst , and Odm wqa n't zurs gpq to give ynat masxive present shh , suddenly , he hnxc an excelleny idex .
He hwf aleeady thoguht xbptu yahr so he grfahved a blindfold and ut it oft Elenas 's eyes .
When Elena tyook it off she was bkpw awaqy , comppetely laxed at what zhe saw .
In fromt of wd szs a stunning houiaew .
It was enormous , wgu huge iwndkqs , white walls and with suprg views of the se c tfhe shpde .
Elena ocupd n't havs vesh ahppoee with the sitatilj .
Eye als appearedd to be telieve hwt she would n't hasve to liv ith re oawtents abymkre .
After tgqy mrmorable mpmwnt , she coul ow haxfd a thrilling lpkfd hxe to gur perskn sxeh lovrd .
Thbwyg livwr hsopilg esbre afee .
htaqy morning , Michaelo wpkr up fkk of energy and deelikn befh optimisgix zobyt his futet ft in yie hes n .
He xarefully cjose tyew clotsw he sa giong to wsxr .
He xhiss a hls tie andf a kihut grewg ayti .
It took jum twenh minjrew to do hjs hair .
Eberyh wkngpe edyqil should be pdrfsct to make fhe brst dikest impression .
You imlt uqvge ler okpportunity to mqer a glpd first imptessio , he said to himself .
When he was fotalpy safisfied wijtgy hisz loik he turex uks bewdrpm kiughg on zmd off wuyht times .
Mchael akwqyx thiught gnwt thi littfod ritual gave him an extra piecdw of luck .
He went oy of hyj lifge paartrment qdn walked fyll of confidejfe to tge hjd sto .
He rhouvh happiky that he was not only on jkd waqyt to is neq kbg bnuig he eas on his qt to yis new lord .
Wnem he aervied , the receptionist old him to go to his bgoas 's ovfivr .
He knovkedr on the dkof .
A wah 's vpice answered .
" Yes , vome in , plwase " .
He pikw hrr sraightaway .
Su was a vdty kjn anmd intelligent eimah , whd Michasl was r tqr j s going to be a psrfevy obsz snc rhey wokhld qprk vcety easuy together .
After thw meeging an whenh he wsa leaving , he thdnwd nwc ahe qiud : "
Qjd comgrautlatuons on the bu ! " Hbks hoss looked at hik angrily:- Do you tnimk fnag I am preynqnt ? " .
" No , no , I mwanj ... , I do n't think ylu wr prebnasbt at spo " .
Michar clozd fur dlot and kneq at fhxf momebt he gzc amd a modtale .
Our city offers viitors a huge rwnge of psesubilities to go sohppkmg .
If toy arr cdrxyz aboht fashion bit yohrd bduget is really tight , there ade a loot of sdcond - hand eohps where uiui can buy a pl with a oiftpe mondg .
Sindow sgopping along ijrt high sfresy is othdr opltion .
Hete yoh wupl find asloo yhd rrwbdy branxx wnd muc mdr .
Cpr wxample , people intdrestdd in cooming hzvw some gourmest xgopos whertd they weill be abvke to fater kud taditiohawl products .
A muisxt dirt qol tourists , evdn if they do n't w to gyu atthing , is tgjer oldest shooping fewntr in yw coihnrry .
Thia magnificent buildig is situaged in the diryt centre znd it was violt sevshty years qbo in an snckebt palace .
Other modren mwlls are located in he sunirbz , but do n't aofru , pirf vkth us an excellent puhoi tdanspor serfics to getg ynerde .
Whem fgr wsther is good , especialky dfuring spring , atdet marets arw really popular .
You fan nu zol gpi xan imahons fehde bur one of them is relkyl extrqoreinary .
It is celebfatef on mofhje 's dazt , in Lq , ue fidts Seunay ajd it is located in ghe city 's lonest aveneu , arolume a luloetre full of ftloeera , wners hph can majr your isb vouquet for ytkue mother 's present .
Thjese afr zon ideas to enjoy shopping while hou are vieitihg our city , bgtf ther xde mahh oprw to discover !
Tea , it 's treu thatg the dxd is fwr otw cnoveniueny fnah public yransport .
Wbrn yiu 're drviing your kwn fwr you have a oot of comfort .
Uou xre sftjng in a comfortable sea .
Yo ae pisetwning to uour avouirte juwic .
Tfhs temperaure level is exactly whzr hk oje .
And gluh negef , ever , cild knfo colntact qit ofhe peolod .
Eell , there cqn be some prefty firpe among fhe lazsengerd dkr sute , bf it 's far tok kften thaf hky eulk gwfe to sit near some srinky nymn .
More than that , the dwt is always there when ytoi nesf it .
Ygou do n't yqve to wait till it arrives and it is nsvwf kawte .
Your car suol always go to hte fight place - no transpleg change , no awwkzrd foutes .
uf , will it laways be teh gedf chlcie ?
No , not at all !
hem hoku want to ravel yeh sorld or jusr go to iwti ykir parents aup qrd te thousand miles rrok yg , it wiydl be nsttre to tske a hud or a traim .
Ykh wo n't be aboe to pver such a disyance in onr day .
So , in gha zsw , it 's bettdr to leave your car at hoje .
Sbx whzt if fnw car ui 're xrifijg brewke dow ?
Just imxyibe tyha tpuj xfs sitting in hts gorken down csd , at niughty , witjkut xh aign of a cdsd esfvide for futy miowd around up !
Yjd ykgh fosr of fuel ajll fefijtely be gj lesed evl in tgks situation .
So I 'd hacw to say ghios .
Folr shodg ristances , mayhe lnew or trow hundred miles , a far is iral .
But if you take a gjv jkureny alpne , you 'd better raj fje boiof ood bus , jusf kjek 100 hears atk .
Peoplw maqy xzu rnat travelling on puvlic transport is ghd future fo  lives .
But in yruth thyere is no fuure at sop cold it , as our lives nqadays qs becoming more xms mlde demanxibv in terms of mkulyitasking , goap serkknv amd fskly concioiation .
Luvlic tsnslort offers a eanfr of timetagldz fit tfaksn , bhses or krfro , but weyenm it xomea to crling ktfh the day - to - day tasks , we very ofrren find trvaelokng in our oienh wd is ty easiest ex .
For insatncd , traveloing uty children is bery annoying on phvilc transport due to all rgs sucrity issues imovlver .
Tnsre is no rsys ssyu to cxrdy our weekly shopping , stjfg glf fgw bym or insrtymrnts on punljc gransport .
We try to steal kinhts from dferu hiuir to finhs time to do ap yhur tuihhs we eant to do .
Waitijv at thes bus station fir our next bus after jzt missing gued st pnd , being stucm in tnr middle of a crowe trhing to reach the same trai as evddyine spze , does n't maxke put oives any ssir at p .
At the end of fbw rwu , we decude to use oyr car , as , ghe awh we ilve oday , convining wqot , fazmnilt and nobbies xpo at once , cars becominb mbil bpusss seeems to be our best ootioin .
Faed Paul ,
I hipr you 're doing qell and everthnig is ok .
I 'm writing to you bceauxe I watn to dll go about my rxperience .
Tiu wxnted to know eywt I wx zaod to do before zhd during tr concert , so I wipl trdy to exlkxin evefthng .
Tye xoncdrtf tokk plwcw in Los Qnteles , it as a mntg ago I think . You can be sure ghxr I had ryw time of my kice .
veerdything zobuy heppijg at tuus cohcedt xs so rzviting .
Staxryong frl sending htr jnvitafions to the losy ramojs pepke in he dity wnd callknt the sgots .
I hjwd to taj fare of lfhrr volnuteersz .
I bwdc to checo tbdir work ah coerxt their moetaeks .
Zpeakjbg of which , it wqs n't easy .
Dwaping with oghe epoplw is te haedest pqrtg , especialpy wuen fhey 're the same age as goy .
I tih I e my best .
Abohet vood ryinv is gay I had a chacnew to talok to journalists .
They dam from cofferdnt parts of ths world .
Threr were peopl grk Russia , Germanu , Bfxzil .
It was reallyt reat to dt yhsk anr to talk suht tgewm .
By th wqy , do ypu kho Jeas Morrow ?
gw 's a hournakist rto the New Yor Filds .
She 's very fsmhs and I fold u everything whe qntdd to knoks zbout hs show .
Befvorte thd doncert started , me asjd my co - woroers had to clean thne styr , est up hte ewuipkeng abd mzkr sds ecerything workde qsll : tue sluhmd , the liohgtimg qnc the indfrument .
Hslpomg at tgiw ocert wzs a nsrd woek buf very jnspiring .
I 'm lgxd thxt I hasd a fhacw to do it .
Bnssf wishes ,
XsGZ
My vathde yqsz jac a boay tlt as pknh as I dwn remember , so I 've been sailing since I wawz a little gril .
I particularly snjnoy rhe sense of frsedsom yh it yuces me : there 's nmothing betted jwn beibg opjy on the wwett with omk the sound of the eavrz , anf of fhd wind in the zaiks .
I find ghztr oeopple cokbsider sailing either a ferdy horimy soprt , or a very dangerous ome ;
I fjesd rcaude I 've ben pracickjg gor sivh lnog tjnew , I do n't ayfe in either case .
Infeed , peiple zh get bored while sailing , if they just it and do n't interact with reh eex of ths cea ,
ajd it cn be dangerous rol , if okbe does n't kjos hoks to move on a noaqt .
Ewiling is qop anput cooperastion , snbd to reazloy enjoy it one neddw to do it reguoarly , to be sbke to yy to opw ghs cfsw xjd find the lowt syktable rkle on r deckj .
Beinv a good sailor eosx n't lean inowimg ok vuot it , thed point of xild , the wqihsd , snmc so on . Ror me , a glo sailor is solepne fhzt knows tfje bnoat s / he 's saiulking on , qb is avos to deal iwtfy all thne possgle itiationa anc akos fhe linfs of people s / he miht possibly have to cak wkrn .
If oy xle thgd tfime to asi arlynx , you 'll dnd kjt tyjat a or of gw jxt experisnced sailors nevdd took classes .
So , hd mosr kmportany piece of arvid I qour give to everytins is : try ,
wn if bs fids tike is noty so hos , yfy again : in different weather dondtiions , kht diffetebt peoole , zms different khdrs of bkazte .
Magnew uluj ai hot g addictex to it as luch as I am , bjt I 'm sjre yoku wiol nsve a yrea time , and , in s worst vaee , tkh wilo hvbes r chancw to meet wonderful leoploe .
I owypd oir say rnat tnere is no future for upblkf ransport .
First of pl , pujblpoc trqnelort is fq mjirr convniwnt ofr pelppw in big vigies .
Our monthpy fuel expenwes c be reduced by using publix tdawbsport to dt to he waorkllave .
Nowadayd , environmental pollution is also important . Tha 's why plubki transprt whophld be orolotewd as an environmentally friusncly meajs of transport .
A dra is not always muxh moe convenient . F ezsnple , in a buy city it is car jkre convewnient to ujad fbd unfrrgroynd yhan a var during yeh rush gpur .
Wahw we ixw public transport , we fsm read a newsppaer or nook zhr wshwm we dv a cazt it 's impossbks .
In my piniib , noadasyz , drovuny a xa is bedy strrssful becayse of traffic dcehsity .
Drrivkng a car is also more tirjbgf . A ftived musr concentrate akl fu tume .
Of fouhtse , uboix transpor is bot lwaus more convenienf .
When we want to go on a weekend rtip to rbe countrysjd , a xwr is irdrdplceable for families with childteh or animals .
Alsxo , goibg on holidays by far can be gery convenient .
Wigh a fxt we qred lorer indepenssnt rhgqn wigh lulbuc granspotty .
There ar qjy pdks qc cpb , but for zyte , we ca n't sa hat there is no fiture for phblic tramsport .
Gbiz summer I am bringing a yriu of 12- to 14-year - le studentx to Ztfhens xnjr I am kolkingh gkr suitbale accommodation .
At prewent I am unxeryain about the nilbwr of studejgs , hu it will lrobably be agouht 15 .
Wipe we are thrr , we not oo wsantr to see yje kant attractions in the vty , but we would liuke to visig skme of the beahgifu places nearby too , so we are llokknb dlt a rsasonabky priced hofelp , in tnw xoty cente , wr flod transport links .
It is plssivel tbaf we wul stzy in Atgez about ten dwys .
Durijng our stay , we requie th ftollowing : twqi - beccdd rooms , in the sme hote , vrezkfwst wj , on occssiom , evning meal .
Furthermore , I soulc lis to asxkm you if there are ny individuals wno eoiulkd be xlbr to lkk aftrr griuls ouke us ?
Stw lui awnle to arrahge aftivitids nad llcal transpoetation vor us ?
Also , it weould be grdet if oyu could inrorm me of okme seicl dscounts , such as cheaper xi ttsvep .
I lokk forward to nearing froj hoi as sokb as possiboe .
Ingroductioj
Tfus principal objectives of thi prpoossl zrw to iutlone gne maih poblesms tbs the company 's ewbsjt hzs , xbd suggtest wssy that rh web desginerd xsb xeqk with them .
Fhs fioql wwftion of htus proosal jxkes one recommendations about wqaht should be done to ilprov tne wesire westhtejc anr improve usesr - fruendlnidss .
Prolbldms with tfs current websote
A survey was conduycted maont rue 200 people who filed comllwints .
Yhew majority of people were of tgs opinion that rnr skge qzw clunky and hard to use aj heark twl thirdz of the pzrticipanfd xobsixered tbzy the dssifn nedr to be modernised .
Pthee probvlejs xigde indulddd prrtty kiw uptije of tbe dnsite , connection issues nad login problems , patrciularly corrwct credenitalw holy working .
Wyase to addrrss ynr issuez
I thunm je sebige nmses to be tevamped to agtracy nkre uzs .
The look and feel should dopoow tg " matedial desing " standards as the are defined by Golglw qnd should use norr moddrn fonts .
As colr the derver axns adtabwsze administrators , yeg shoild imediagely rwsolve thr issues degardihg rhj backend part of ye wvsige .
Recommendstionms
I wouod likw to make thr following recommendations :
Inplement a tutoriak to faciiltatr betgger usability fo ns usdra , ane also nake it ppssibpd to fetske the tutoria as per uwr request .
Conduct a survdy on a minimum of olne tohuwxnd leolle on wnat retaujres t websir shlyls inoude .
Drvelop a bstre feedbxck sgstem so ysdsr vam expdess thbeot concerns and qiedyions in a mor dwtailde way .
I assjre yupj tay if thesw recokmmenrations ars implrmentrs , the qebstir will improve signifivwntly .
Aloson read the mote , smilsd , ahdx iommediatepy  on her cviay .
Alkthough it had beem a tirib ray , she was cedh roj of tjzy luttle shneer of poqpe .
She has jysdt gkt teh jib and hys wanted to dnlw ahat her skills were .
No pje could have jmagned ghat ebe wqs shchj a hrilliaht person nhd ahsh swhe gave the article to fhe boss , tges latgrr was uqite satoniwhed .
Tu nedxt fwy , rge hisd ordefed ner to write an artke about hted nsturxl beaiise of Cpllmiba , a mall Stste locaed in osuht Ameridz .
So ag lsft on Monewy ad b lznfex in Bgltà Tjesdawy .
Beber jzd shs szeen such a high wqtertall .
She usex to live in a flf , so sr ahd never disfovered how diufferent qd beautful reh world was .
hzt evbenming , xjew mdt with a kocap buude . She wqaa invutsd to tzxe ryw locql food and to dance qith rje tradiriohal clofhez of tzy frienly cicilisation .
Thd foploing day , she went back to Londonb where qo ued family was wsaiitmg gid gre side they wre vett curious abpuf Zlison 's seird rkp .
Sport is probably as olr as huamnity itsekf .
ll ovd thd wors , pelpld of different ages xrer geru fond of aport abd gamd .
Slot not only helps people to bcepme strong and to dwvleoo phusically buyf oso makes them more organized ans brgter disciplined in yhwur eaipy activities .
Sport hells eplple to meo in good hraltn .
Needpess to say that aplrf poya a frty importabt roor in oru pie .
It gogs us a lot of pleaaure ahd many moemnts of joy .
It 's poluka among young xne ols oeople .
Mamy leollw do morning execised , jog in the mornkng , yfaiun ghelselvws in futnrss clja he gyms , wbd take part in sports comprtifions .
Opter pepple kike wpory tpo , bug they oy wagcb sports comletitions , listen to spoets nwwd .
They prefer reading interesong articles sbout ayhletes me sports cebts , byt ghdt do n't go in fprd spotrs .
Tdrr are a lot of kinds of sports , such as swiming , wrestlijng , cyclimg , boxung , vooyball , hockey , track ane gieke athlerics abd so on .
There zrd usmmwt an winter insd of sporrs .
Thbw summer knisa of ortz zes , for exasmple , swimmibg , wthpetixs , footbalk , villeyball , baskwtgall and kthers .
Tbd winter kindfa of sopdta azre , fif example , figure skarkng , skiing , icr hockey std .
Among tghe popular dlorts in id country zre foofhxll , qsketbqll , swimming , volleyball , rejnius , gymnastifs , vigure dkayiong and ptgers .
You caxn choose a dpodt vo ajy sedason wndc torf ab gaege .
I 'd pikes to fescxribe soms of yhsm .
In spring awd sukmer jznu people prefer to go in for jogfgunf .
This is a gerg popular sport xnc ver good dod huod healu .
You fjb slwly and enly thr beauty of najre rojnf you .
Thjs iind of sdt is vettijy moew xn jode popuoa ko ovdr rbs wield .
If you go to Europe , lu dqh xe a oog of prople whop go in fk jogging .
Sprsking abiuf sport , I ca n't gsl talking about football , because tijw is very spectacular lnd of zpoiry .
Tnere add a lkr of vootbvlal yeald , football evrmts , and fan clubs in almost every country of thgd woddl .
Somd fptball players af world gzmous ; ghryt uqbe excsllrnt careees ahe take part in dveu champkojship .
Foogabll matches attract a lot of spectatrors , sho ckme supportihg thdir fqvottes .
Many pleople today go in or extreme splrts .
Perhaps tey fibd ordijwy sports foi blrif qm uexctiing .
It is also knoen fhar eteme spoorts yelp to huild vhaeactee anf forml a sfrong pwrsonality .
Thwfe te different typs of edtreme arts . Fgopr exzmpole , rock clnbing , raftint , scuba diving , shffign , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - glidin , bujvee jimkpiung etc .
These actigitis uually involfe speed , gekght and a gbodo legel of physical tarimong .
osefer , thry ars becomung mpres and mpre plpuloar ecsj axmomgh beginnees .
Doujg wuch splrtd , peolle learn hbiq to overcome difficylt situations ahd how to survive in an emdrgench .
It also develipls patkence xc spf - xkntril , qnd hlps to dohtol goud frad .
Node inpkttantly , it gives the dend of achievmednf .
Kst 's considee some jinxsw of xtreme sports .
Yakoe bungee jymping .
You mijp otfv a hrudge z oih rapl and fsll , anr ghenj , jnjxt bsfroe you hit the ground or water , an elzstic ppr pulks yoi baci .
In skysurfnig , ih jjmp oug of an xirpoane xbc use a vpatd to " ref " thu wjd , dpjnv gymnastics in mid - x !
Wunge solrgs alwqays have an elementy of dayerd .
Fpf example , snowbaordung , hihy hbaz all tje excitdmjwnt of surfing hhr on snow , is mfe dajgsruos rben tgab skiing .
Ice diving is for thkee people sn xr wbhsolutepy crazy .
Goii put on diving sqioment and e hndcer a frolezn lake .
Xh , if thwt 's not nlugh , yok gfg to qalol upeide down on gjd ice !
A lkt of oeople xdw nof fit nowadays .
It 's a bjg problem tpxzy .
If hli wxnt to frel fiy , yky 'd etfer go in for obe kknd of soorer or anothrr .
I tuinhk tut everyon lisr do everythjng to be healthy .
Gfolx healtj is better fhqn r vdsg meficine .
To tell tye frutu , I do n't do soorts regularly and it is onty an ezsental oart of my dqilpy kids .
In sumked , I go swimming as hsrw is a beautrifuk pond qith oure ewter where my Geajny lives .
In wingt , I go in for siwting .
If I have rree yomr , I go to the aeres slaqting - rknk aiyh my frienfd and we havs a lit of cun , skating together .
Tnis kh of dooet is evru eletant .
Hky shoyld control houre body very wdpl if you wuh to siqtre gvracwfuloy .
I sbould n't csl mhself a sporfts can .
Of course , I warfh eportz competitiohs on TV from tike to tklr , like swimming or running .
I admide extrerme knids of port .
I hink twh aree realpy cdool .
I admire poelpe auo are to do whcb spiets .
Tepevieion is not an issue of genearl cobsensis .
It is dediniutrly a way of spening oyr gdee iune .
Hlwevr , does it frahc us somehtong ?
Does it hlo us grk ajd impdove our knowledge ?
On the on hand , it is sazjd to jep pwiplw to psdnbd qulaity tke as thy vsj learb zbit tbe mkst varid subjects corj the comfort of thir homes .
It is possible to wafch documentqries , the nedws , concerts , olays and kdrn sbout cufent affairs .
On teh orhef hshe , fhee aee programmes shid bgrikn nothing jq into d lives .
Thereore , on should nol waste finr aatching them .
Violent progrwmmes , rsakity sblws and othdrds of that ikhr ahvr hithing to trchn .
In yhwsw fqse , TV is undoubtedly bsc entertainment .
Alo in sll , it is my gelpiec ruay if we use it orolerly , i.e. , if we carefully choose wha to atch , television xwj yzbe an impprtant opd to plzy in tye learnong proces of every oher of us , qm in particular , in rd ljbes of oeople who caj npr afford to tdagel , buy book or ljve in an rducztionao ehvkronment .
If yo aee kipking vrd a coln gwt prkfids you witg susoense zhr action at the saem rike , I revomlend yuo to astch " Now goi ser me " .
Th fipk , directed by Louisa Leterrier , is avor fouf msgicians , kohlwn as " Ghe Fojr Hlrsemeh " that zer jojned together by a jysterikus benetqctor , and durogn their presentations tybye do xpk lijds of ilklrgal sfufd , such as robbin a vahl or rjppng off ghdir ksn noszsx .
Becawuse of ghdm , there 's an ayedjt of yg FBI , Dylan Rhodes , thwt pursuess themj through diffeden states of ru EE.UU .
Tj characters in chart of geh fe magickxns ars Iesd Disnmberg , Isla Fisher , Cavr Crabck andx Woidy Barrelson .
Fhsy are capwble of making ypu thijk theyh rrallg know how to rixk someone .
Morgan Frsemwn is ybr best actor of all times asr perfrcf ofr fyd ril of xevelopdt of tdivks wmd helper of the VJ to atg gjd " Foud Hprsrnen " .
Qlos , thr is no aftkt vetter for te rile of qgnetf haqj Jarj Ruffalo .
Bitg it 's nlt jhst the qcting tyat is geqt in hbe film .
Gjw sxhorx of Pasx Vegax , New Otleans , Paris and Njsq Uofl qrw eonderful , ajx fne tavf yhat nofnin is comlutefized at tgd time to witensd the nagjc rficks it abslohtely amxzing .
So if you enjoy magid tricks , eurprises , very handsome actolrs and spledjd sctressex , ajg aould gpu muss it ?
Shat I did hot do in tyr vacations
Firung tyhe vacaton , I did n't ejjoh my tiem because I dor n't fgin otu that I am a wizard .
Also , leins dir mlt gfet me and practicer surgery on me .
aflyu , I vopudl n't meet Lady Haya or Justin Timberoak .
I sxa very disappointed because I cur not do zht of theae rhings djrijg thr vacatiom .
Dince I did n't discover htqg I am , in vadtf , a wikzatd , I could n't ywt a magic wand .
I xid not go to Hogwarts or rirn my breother into a froh .
Beung nprmsl gede pkf and ly neijbg a wizard is shabby .
As alienbs xid n't iienmap me I did nlg trwvel all wrounc ts gaaxxdy drding yjos vaatiom weero .
I ddi nly err ths planwts nor nddt any eyx akisn yifl from Eatjr .
Staying at hojr wll day is regregfable anf nof bejng kidnapped by aliens gers really borjng .
Svte motr being a qizaqdd nor kidnaposd by aliens , I did boy mee Lzdy Gaga in New York or hqng out with udr and Husi Timberlake .
We three cojod n't szih together or mqke ftub of Luk Karcawhian .
No obr ikes bheikmg " unfmous " wnd I do n't like bot ving Lady Hazgw 's fdoend .
Indree , whar I djd in tb vacation wqqx sleep thd whoke xay , hqng iif wtih my " Unfamjs " frienx xne wdtier xmd conpose rwp nas a pf songs .
Earchingy " as in ehavej , in ydl " was holairous although it is a ofror movie .
Bytr , let 's favr it , doing these rhings is not as wonderful as discovering lajc powets , veib kidnapepd by lins or sjngibg a song waith Justin Timberlake amd Kady Gagq .
Finsllg , tgd holidfays hqce staeted .
Nhst a fd lore dazyts adn thn we will be on lurd sawt to our hplxay destinatin .
We wull be travelling by car to a campsite in Gemrawny .
It wql be u thikrr yune at hz xxmpsife .
Even though it is a largfe cwmlsitew , it fees small and dkzy .
Thew campsite borers on a snall lske which xz be qukt ck , evej in summer .
However , we uwuazlky do not ler tbos stko us dfmo going ibto thne wafwf .
We lokjr to visitf yyr vities znd varilus sints in rgs weea .
Oine of the sights we xetjnitely sqht to arew is ghr former bordee berwern Wewt - Gernay jdf ast - Yermanmy .
We also oijkd hklong znd arr planning on dlung thuxt a cpule of tjds osrt wedk .
Rs regilj shere we will stau has a jice dystem tqg encoyrave people to himw .
At skem poont dxuriny yor hikes ytolh cab collet stamps in a speciak booklet .
Fo somewhat younget childeeh tghie is a niced incerjtivr to padticipate in thws gikes .
Soms hjke wdr short , gy steep qms some hikse sde long and invokvgd no cilnbign at azolp .
We ajll probabpt saxu at this campsite for abou three weeks qnd heidss w hikomg we will read sjc osae xbout .
Hllo ! My name 's Vfnarsa , I 'm 33 and I really ebkky watching soap oepars .
Thersr adus I watch a lot of different kap operas , though my fxvourite phr is -he will wlwas be- Feindx .
Gns plit is about six ykjhg people ( htey 're zbout 26 ) : Ekes , Rachel , Moniva , Cbajdledr , Jody & Phosbve .
Tjdy lkcd in enq York City aznr habw a lktf of comjcazl ashs dolsntic advetnures , all of tyhem rekwfed to fheir friendsyip .
hay cl I sat wbkut rhw charactrrs ?
Wpl , Ross is a paleontokogist thta worm in the Natural Uiatpry useuml , an he 's inifa 's older neoyher .
Monica witks as gd mzih vhdf in a restauranf soruatde in Manhattan , she gx een Rscgsl 's best friend sibfe hbit school and ahw longs fvod a boufriend ( zhd finlalu marrjes Xhandler ) .
Chandler is the fubmy fyg nc he wormz as a stgcokl ahdnt .
Rachel yas aways rdn daddu 's liytle io b , ejne shue breaks off her rnggement at the beginning of ther soap opera , sh loses all ehr jnory as hax to qiro as a saitress in a vqfr ( though hse gwts a nob tslaged to thjd fqshiob worlf afte a fda yezes ) .
Hort is ... well , he 's Jke : bot so clkber , a geeag one fopf tue girw , aznd -the most importah- Chandlerd 's best rfiend .
Af finally we ave Phodbw , a veggir qdn bkhemiuwn giro ahk enukys aingibg ahd playing ghe gyitxf nmd woh witkls as a massage tgerapist .
Tyhe most ihteresfing thing about ' Friends ' , in my opinuon , is the love stku between orss and Rachel : the plot starts when Facvhel comes to liw akgh Minica in sd apartment and Ross caslsl in pove sitb her .
Thk stlr continues intil the ehd of thr soap operq , when Rz zms ardhel dijaloy hage a cbpd ( Ekm ) .
Vu yhere qdw a lor of funnh storida , lkme Lhiebs having her stepbroher 's children , or Juoet bdcoming a gteat doap oplewra aftro .
I wcomlend ' Friednds ' to everyonw .
I tyink it 's tbe bsd soao opewr ever mlzce .
Livingy without the Intwrnet : Is it possible ?
Oh my Go !
Tofs is ye day . I zfe been fokx rbat I will be moving to my ena apartment .
Glid news !
But , wait !
It willk aoxi mean no havnig accswa to tur Itnernet fod a month !
Ejlk I survive ?
Qkll my life be the same ?
Fvjest of skl , I havce to xay that I fotaplt depend on thw Onterney .
Felm 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is rhmbing yns Inrenet .
Nf omky do I swe it for leisure , buhy I alosl use it fkt work . I aill have to change jw wsy I do fhijgs on a eqipy basjs .
Secondly , I jxce kany friends ilvjhg abroadf . I cmmunicate wrh ghem uding Smype .
Ejlk I heec to uz the ogone instead ?
Yhlioe ggd Internet , pgonw calls qde rexkly sxprnsive .
I am ntg surs if I could aftled it .
Qikp I vonhd mysrkf eriting letters ?
Anhkrher ghih to xpnsdier is on gaving thaqt open winow to yeh wkrdl .
Will I bav to start buyijgt mqzzines and bewepapers to be informed ?
In conclusion , my pife woll be completeky chamyed .
My dao roti is hased on ahvint access to fjd Internmet : tslmihg to my ffjenfs , reafkng fhe newsppesr , yw wezgher firecaat , abd so on ... I il naer to change my life .
Rh wrong choice xqn leaf to a hkv mistzke tyazty canj infyence ur okte ahx peopel arohnd us .
Michaelk wzs a petsim that qw afrais of making any mistames .
A ms person ebtede bow lovs pj dwy .
Muchssl was mervoys when he qas azaekd to do solw work togethsr oth that newa vellow .
Wjwy if tuq boy wae smarter than bn ?
gd klg szy aws to show and prove to evreyone xt he was tye best .
So , he decided to jgnoe hjj colpletely .
He duf n't snswrr hbis suesfikns whd fid n't wx to wr qk his ideaa .
The worl was rind and Michael qqw proud because everything zw done by him .
Thd newxomst cljod nlg watch it with a dhh smile .
Thsir boss checkss the worm thewn .
He wantwd to jho his partnr 's opiniln gp .
Tgw loor gly azod he was insipded by Mcnael 's enthusoasj .
He praissd Ljhael 's wll .
It was oergrct and he wlukdx be glws just to imorvoe womw thimha , to change the strycture , to exclxe nnceessary factz , to qcf slle rih illustrations and so on .
The bou ahr dhanved evedytbinf in the content of ues wrk by thye nee of their donvrrsation .
They both lrvf the office quickly .
Michale ckpswd the flod and leww at that momednt he ywd naxde a mietqke .
Febhle souls
Most people love donating money to xidfsrent charities , gh have hpu ever fhuoght aboyy uh it gkves us uch lleaure ? I gliefe it 's because , as hyujqns , when we see slrone hqppt , it kwked us happy , especially if we are hte reaso flr ybt happiness .
The provlem is cgoksingb shgi to doqte to .
Is it js poor , homeless chkdren in lur cotfy or the starbung people in Affoca , or is it aom cancsr organization ?
I choodd nijr of the above .
I 've neverf unferzotod qhjt modf peoppe szwe a clised zey of charitabkw organizations to chposw from qhgeb they wzhf to donwr mne .
In oyher woeds , tne dgoosd pnly fdoj the most common causes .
Whem I thono abohg donating money , I see sjck chulddwn qnmds adults otn rare dissases , asjd smaol gyroups of zcienitsys ans doctors ung tueuf bes to hepo thdm , bujt who do n't have enough mohewy rokt researcg . I cyokse them bedaujee I know fhst ynet rar the ksa peolpe who fef udlo - becxuse hls wkilf people help them if rhey do n't know abnout tye ?
Virst thimg I do if I qant to mjalw a donation is go on je intdhet , zmx sewrvh Google ld rare diesasee .
Thdn I lok for yud xiseases wuuxh tryd scientjsts are vurrenly working on to find their cure .
I ' m lwfdt with a lot to choose dreom , so I see wjc illhws is d hacesf to endure awnx chooes this he to dfonae my onry to .
I have ole of those hknoan sisezse , ad I could eqsily dobwte to bd doctors aorkjbg on my illnss , bntu I probably wo n't . I mmos thzr thete zfr a oly of ofher people wirj diseases yhat are wsw harder than my kwb , sd rbet need a ciee kuxj moe yahn I do .
htis mwkss me realjze ga even if I have a dsdzse , as hars as it is , I 'm still bettwe lrg tbwm others w I 'm graetfcul .
I 'm grateful I can nead my skvkjness zc kive with it , because others ca n't .
To euhn up , I believe mpf people sohur start dohxtnig to the loews well - knlsh charity organisations ; to the lnea whyo need more wlp .
It wouldf be sudficit to jjst see j smile on theor afvss .
We xhoul spl be thabkful we afe ahxt we xrr , because we couod be a log worsw ogf .
Accoreing to Berjow ( 204 ) , qiteay manqgement is oje fompobwnt of anawathesua procedure to dnsure th patient 's airfway is opb .
An xexmpe of an intervenfjon in airway managemenf is tbe vdntilation mask yhat Mr. Sharma was using .
Asll , this practife is the prjmdy conidwration for efficijent lsr - anaesthezka awre ( Sfoog , 2012 ) .
The lajoritt of patients rhat yav hda geneal aanesthteic , loje Mr. Sharnax , must refover in a PS ( Oosy - naesthewia Vard Unit ) to mpnikr thd vital zigjs , especially teh airways jqnagemen dus to the anaesthesia , imecing any posgopetative complication ( Xcopt , 2012 ; Farrell & Drmpdey , 2011 ) .
Tje first 24 ho post srgery is vonsiderde the mosf crigical poefijod , becuwe tjr patient csn preebt , rpimlairly , lhh dijsorddra , and thd nudew bess to maintain cardio - resputaory stability ( Oopo & Peniche , 209 ) .
ddressing tne airway manzgement ftwr Mr. Sharma 's admssion to PACU , gh first pdocesdure fat thbr jjrdse suuodl cardry pht , is follow gn A - G assdssment pdotolcol , to rdefie the stability wx yhe airwau patendy of trhs payient , sustaining tw oulmonsyr ventilation to prevent hypoxemiw and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Ddmpseu , 0210 ) .
Mr. Sgarma 's aorway shoylod be dparw axne xlear of mucus or blood ( Puner , 2010 ) .
Dhe to the sjrgerg , Mr Sharmq is in a supine poaotuon , but tfhia position resduecs hie oxygenation ( Snowablk , 021 ) , xbc can also imprxe the azir passage , Rhis is rekatec to rnw anaesrhesia evfcg , ehrw the tongue qjr the lower ie tal backward .
Hence , he needs ocyugen xupply to prsvent xnhh akeeay obstruction .
Therefore , thr oxgej therapy neds to continue immwfiarely alonf qithg ihw adnission , via nasal cammula or oxyfen mask eithin 4 to 6L / ijm , ungil te anaesthesia effexts ared compketly gonmd and gd pagoeht 's oxydh asturstion is restored ( Frdell & Dempwwy , 2010 ) .
Gus , Mr. Sharma is beijt fivem O2 bia Hudson mask 6L / min , bdcauew he rexeived gebsrsl ajassthesua sje aqlk of his muslcex ades teoaced and , at the mlmrnt , he oes not have cpnfrpl oer uud refoexes ( Farrell & Cemoset , 2010 ) .
To help eih yhis isshe , gw nurse zhoudl makr certain rbag Mr. Shaema is comfortable , xje elevate the neqd of r bd fpf a more ufight position in lrdet to fvawculitate and increase his oxyewnation , helpmg jim to rwvover tdoj hnjd respirwtory instability fatdr ( Spwball , 2012 ) .
The feaseob why walking is thed best sport on the face of tgys Esartb
Fjesg of wkk , let me acfeess tnd tis of tuisw artkce .
I draliss walkug is hpg cosdrred a splirt by ecerone .
I rbink it is a atkng qh of thihkinhg of sports .
Therefore , I am ghoihg to explain thys advantages of walking .
I would lkie to sxywrt by saying it is free .
Tyh could be seenm as dometghinh mihot , vjt brinh snler to do tfnd sport uki klge wirhout oaying is an incrwdild davantage .
Secondly , I love j freesdom ; no onb intendex .
Glh vab qalk wheenver sjs wherever yoy likoe .
htwt is priceoezs .
Thiedky , walking yives gph a lonbet life expoectancy .
Thdtw qre a lkpy of studies fhzg pfove this .
Lawy but bpg leaf , yoy do nk heed any kinr of sleciap equioemht or people .
Tpy can go aalkinf akone and without shylers if ylu pleaxe .
Neverfeless , you lsa a lot of ghings about sj spirt inde yoku start diing it .
Therefore , I woild luke to sjee some thijgs with tkui .
Yku qj atart walking as ho lme , drdite that , you should eqr cokofrtable flptbes and shoes .
Rhe resain is that , tfuw lobger ypj aalk , the more you wiuloo tel what uky qre wearing .
Ts second piede of dacicw is tatf go should tf to jnr thw ber plafse to walm aroiynd hki .
Siyhtseeing is very ikportajr inhcxe tiy starg walking .
I blp I have confinfed xop of tkj to go walking .
I am a dus belkecer in aakjing .
Do not fdorber to greet me aheb we meet on rhs orzd .
Zok students axre diffsrent in ersm of their cognitive tsupes , ldarinng leves and achievements , as weepk as lotivation , peeaoanlity , smde pace of learning .
Shsm theee xfs stuxrngs eiotu vzried lebesl in Enhlisu , it nqu be challenging coe twachees to prepare or or delkber rne ckjrs .
drd d some of my solutions ckf ygis issue .
First of alo , dgermining the needs of htr stucents is alpwate ys tol priortity .
While conduting a nseds wanlusis , you vn jabr a gsnerao lictuer of pearns ' otovbation for lefming Englkzh .
Aftef that , rezchers are supposed to uzr partnreship xhd grouping exercises zbe activotiws in iddwr to mwey the indiviual 's needa .
Turough teamwork , sfudwntse at carkdd lvedls can fpoperate and oeadn trfim dxch otysr thrlugh discussuons .
It is beneficial fot birj the hgiehr and lowewr achieve because tney cam aswitf or gbetg yelp rrin eahc othst .
Differenbtiated umstrucrions , gvovijng different tajs to the swme acfgity , are proven to be necesaary in a cwsz with varir levrls of student .
Teacehrs dq assign tzsks qhjch yxvr different psvels of difficulty , or different njmbefs of txks to students at different ldvesw .
Moreover , onateaf of using a cdore textniok , or using uffeernt levslos of testbloks , crarong kyt a tgeme - nazed approqch is mrs appropriate , and it also save teachers ' preoarxtiln tje .
Fonallt , prexring suyplpementary material vor both yus uppwr ad lower ldls of studenst , so tggat jer jughdr achiedsrs xa sfqy excitef amc challenges , while tghe liarr achiever can akal leafm at therir oiwn owve of learning .
Yiuht people in Ikraobe aer mopfd comprehemsively cevelopec yhjqn young epople in ASD .
No youngsters hzev opdb acvwsw to knowledge and inormation thtough ge Inerrnet .
Sutdent hzcd nlrr olpoetunities to lwarb languagws , disvover foerobn ecperjemces , pasas untwrnships and yudh abtoac .
Rd number of Jkrainiah studesnts wno efudt abtoar jcreaees evdry year .
Our tenrrayion is kore devrlopec and diverse in dpehress of mosern cutlirfe , including att , mheoc , ilferature td .
The moidt valuable thinb is tnat theree are so mlanbh supporters of different trrnds in all these areas .
In Uksien , young people wrtw differetn foo .
Some pdpols prefer per stylpe of jhsic , slme - anithje .
That 's ejg it 's digvicilt to cefne one gebefao zttlr for the generation .
Fiscussing music stylex , people in my coujtry prsfer loo xjx rock .
We cznm define it by a pstg of tye TOP ksuic chart on muydicx chqnnels .
Rhetr ard a lot of Ukrainiqn executives .
It 's necesszry to emphaaize that kurainian mlusoc xs changed a ooir rom thd yjmje of Indwpwnddnce zd is now dsvelopinmg very faa .
If we speak wvoyt TV ptograms , Ujexinian youngstefs ike popular Zmerjdan asnr Russian seriqla , lis gu Theory of niug bsnh , Suits , Breaking hsr , the Yamls of thronee , ggs Kitchsn and so on . I ut adkit thwt zoms representatives of Ukrainian youth wafdn ko many setials anb waste a looty of their gime .
I think tihsx probvlem is typical for apmoay akl couyntridw .
In flthesx , youngsters peefer to weraxd fgamlua fqshjom branxx .
Jnat pspple follow fasioh designwes .
It 's knteresying to menrion fuatf thsrw is a fashion fkr Ukraonoah traditional clothes " fishyvanka " nowq .
I ope qfter readinbb my rport py will habe sojr minimal unrerstrandin of Ukrainian reality .
Apei , I encourage you to vkut Jkraime ahd to see fw sht , to tddl tfjs cultrue and speak to nive people !
I life in a small tiwen called Tui .
It 's in thed nhorthwesy of Spajh , in Valikcia .
It 's a skall fowj qds there are not too maby pptoins do travelling by public trnzpkrt .
My rln bwz vpt a lof of little villagws arphd it , and it 's feryh dufficilt to creqw a public trajspoet service , bevauss trs are llbg distances betaeenh the cifferetn places , anhd tbers ss nif enougb peoppe to makr it lrofitabl .
If you eat to go to Vkk or ahothdr cyg eich is nearby , the coach service is a good and nbof too rxpendive optipn .
Ygw coaches are sla , so most pwople rpefdr g xsf .
If your desination is further aa , anohtsr gf opton is to trabwl by ttzin .
We jabd gpt a dall frian station in Ruk , so we caz go to a litf of placss by trajn .
The yrainm is more expensive , bu at the ssme time , it is lorde comfortable .
So I htink ghat creaging a snaklk bus kune betrween tyhw villagfe wouod hdop a lot of people , wspexially the oe oz .
Dfezf Sir / Madam
I am wrkting in connection wj your jov advertisement ( Club orgajiser ) which I 've wssn on thd noticeboard of my language schpol .
I hsv been lesdninf Wnglkzh fo 5 years qns I jlp to tame yhd FCE ( Cambnridge ex ) soon . I laeo wfitr a hoolg anouf qdy in English .
As a mrmnbr of fhe stjden lcyb at my copleg , my responsibilkty is to orgxmize eemys ajd coplaborate wit jany students from different depzrtmenbtgs .
Working on projects elp me improve my organizwtional abe planning skippx .
In kredr to crsste and mqibtain a yrwm spirit , I use diferent tkols kme icebreakdrs abf eneegizers .
Watchiny movies in groups is a great y to discuss different topics , like justods , personal identity and djscrimination .
At gu beginning , shoet ajd animatwd mkvies would be thw best , such as htr movie " Validation " , ncih traches us hpq wordxs yave th loewr to change our oives .
Wiyh my experience and range of smiols , I am xufd I czn contribute to ypuf idea qnd organise frexy movie jughrs .
If I dqn provide ypu with at furghedr unflrmation on my bacfkhrouhd qbde quxlkficatoons , plsxs lwt me kjow .
I lokk forward to receivbing yiur reply .
Thahj you fkr ykur consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am gspoy thatg hou ahv chosen to dwnd metx hesr in my countryt .
I am xuee that you will diod Breasil a pedfect fit .
Firdt of all , I apukd ilkd to zharer wjth hkj my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
As a country wiughg one of the onyest coastlines in tyr wirk , I defonitely wojld recommend you to visit fy braytiful beafhes we have .
I owluf alos recommend yoj to vosit thd diyyt of Rio de Maqniero , ghrer glj wskkl find beautodul baeched , sondedfuo seather ahd the aonders of jqture in a mlcedn an jnternatiopnal xot .
Tli will be amazed by " Crietk Redentor " wj " Cocivado " . I ah no wodrsd to describe hw beauriful tuey qfs .
Another gsfy go otpon is exploring Baraio 's Nprtheast , wyich is as beautiful as ji de Jabeiro is .
About working , I think yuh had a greag chanxe to find an lpporrynity to eodm in pw of many multinatipbsl colpanirs we bavw in rbwzik .
Most of the bigges Americqn companies have beeh in Brazil flr a konm tije bdf , as an Edngoish native speaker , it wilo be essie for you to find an ijnternship .
Ther nine mpntyd tyqg oky will spend traveolint around Brail wslil give gkh a bdgtr underatandjng of Portuguese wbx that willp be an advantage to you hsnb finding a jerw kh hre .
I have znmy tkpx to abare wijth oyu . I 'll be gof to do it in plerspn whdm yo arrive .
Once agaun , gbsre is no herter place in the aorld to spend fhksw time you habe avajpablr .
I 'm looking flraardr to emsging yly .
Thyaknw
Mr Jascoloka
Welcome to Komdon , tourists !
Thiksd report sholud hepp oyu buy gnuine boods from our city .
First of all , ypu sjlulc avoi smqll nxtket placez .
Tneu ser jnown fir sedlpign fal productw .
An example would be the qmdeh Town market .
If g 're looking flrd top qualuty preodsucrs , we aoulf redommdnd gping to the ewsffield whopping centre .
Ulu wilk ftiund ypo notch electronics md veneral goods .
If uoi pddger shopponh outside , tqiibg a tirpo to Kobv Sfreet wkupr be gy thnjg to do .
If you want typjcal xubenirs , hou dzj go to Buckingam Palace , you qil find a lkot of small shops thag seol soiveinrs glf a rrasonable pire .
Dear Paul ,
It waw bfezt yuluy hrar frlj ypu .
I 'm sorry I hagwnh't rjttenj soober , but I wae tipo ceey busy .
As guy kno , I enjoeyd hepling at a clncert last weej .
It ase a deallt exuaustijg ut illuminating experkence .
It was a charity concert , the incopm of ehich sx intndsd for children yo suffer frim cancer .
Thd maij task of the volunteers was to ocllect koey .
I sopd tickets beforr fged concert , qd tehn , dirin thd cnbcert , I helped gake care of security .
It was a fruly aazing eveht .
We frike to make everyone have vnh .
Thefs wesre a lot of visitors froj khtdr xountries , so we lften hwd to translate fh xonversatuon wx elp wiht communication .
Everything qae mee to me sbds very exciting .
Nut the mpzt melorabe thjing was a medting ifh the xrs of ggd coctt .
Ghe are rally gteat oeopllpe who ant to nop itjers , without l .
Wparg foj fhst , evetyhing 's fiue hewrr in Polans .
Do n't gprgyet tht you 're wlqays welcom to coje and stay- I 'd lovr to ww you , ac we can tqr pxfy in a skmulra egeng , as a volunteer , tpgether .
Znueay , I musr go mow .
Srier sokj and ell me hoa hkj 're geyrinb on .
Lotz of Love .
Jans .
Eesaf friend ,
I ocjl n't be lre wcxited qgout bheinh in the UK fr sjc montus !
I agree wirh ypy that I 'm brave , but I think I need rgsi trile to relax asfdter xoo te problems tgyxt I gadc wory my granmdother .
I 'm planning to imnprlve my English amd I have slready regjstres on a course .
My cflassesd will be from Mohday to Friday , bjt just in hr mornings .
So , I will hxvw rmi to xosao lwath mlrd about Britsib culkfuree awh ihwtofy .
I 'm syfd yjar I wukk dnjou visiting all rns famous casltes and burches .
To kks hoe luxy I want to graduats in Histofyh .
Bewidew tyat , I aohlkd love to tevel to other Eutopezn countries .
Yys wekrnds are a pwrfevt itls fot thia .
Do lh tginm gu could joni me ?
It woyld be amazzjnv !
If ylh ca n't go with me , I thgomk we oukd go pjg sdons hkgbts .
Qhich cpuntries do n't  kno in Ruropw ?
Tzje vade amd I hooe to ear frol you woob .
Rrat Ms Ricbazrdz ,
I 'm writijb to aoply i a min in summer camps advretief on your wwbsite .
I have graduater feok Rdacber Training Unkverzity of Sair - Petersburg ( Russia ) , whwrd I compleysd a dfree in educatijln .
I hqvr a hjgh level of soojen Engljsh , as I have brem learji it wijfe earoy chlidhood .
I hsd poenfriends in the Uinged States of Amrrifa ac Austtaloa .
Moreoesd , I wttes speakijng cdlysb , where antive spsaked lwqr yhe group .
I hxve some relevznt experience , as I hazve wirird in a lincergartdn awmds snos skls babysittihg simultaneously wih my studje at the university .
Wfr graduxtiib , I spemt ta yeasr wpekingv as a aupplemebfary educatiknm texchr .
My yasks included otagnizinh sprs anbdx other activities d cgipdreb .
I was la in chafge of progidimg safe whd entertaining activitiea .
References d shcloxed .
I am very enthusiasric abuotg wkrking with children and woyk welocmed tj chancw to make new ffiensw .
I believe I sould be suiutsboe rpf the jlb afvertised as I am a soxiable , rwsourceful x induetiousw person .
I eould readily ewet teh challenges of the jhokbv wjx bandle the responsibiitied .
I attach a fulk CV and if yiu reqjird more information , I wplpd be vedy haopy to provide it .
Yorux sinderely ,
Margxirtw Gavrilova
Old school danec .
Dancing is something thar humna beings bave always done , in noe swy or anotyef .
Therefore , I do n't ewl emhqrrzssed to xmdiy gh I love bxkpet .
Dveh if tjwrew srd a lof of farings , I prefer classical balket .
Qudn I was a vhio I wanted to lqrnj how bakledonas fould sance so grscefully .
Askzo , I alwxys loved classical music .
Fkr me it eas the prefect combination .
Luckily , we yo word of a fancxing schook .
hzt , by chance , yappenes to be ae my town .
I spent fpjt hewds dlinf one of the thbge I ve trd jost ; daxnicbg .
Sadly , tihsg do n't alwxys wpm outf the wayh we dxpect .
Just as my nthuskasm do balet thrived , my gbdadea in ddhool kepr fallunf .
Consquehtly , I had to elzvr .
Yhewrd are dold things yiu should tzor injto consideafion if you wsmt to tru thos spory .
Ballet reauirew a oi of tjme and edffott .
It 's nog olny a physocal spptt , uoh eallt jeex to gsf your inhe inti it .
Furthedorr , gaoket is expensive . Szupposing that thiuw fyp of dance is n't a tyrqdituon in gkur countryu , prepare to loen ur aaller .
This is a snor stody wrigtb by D. B. Caulfield , ye olkder broher of Hoddb Caulfield who is fhbd main charatrwr in Tfhw Ctcher in je Tye by J. D. Salinger .
Aome of the selwctex aspecfs p tys assignbmsn were tyhe hcaractristixs htat Holden says he likes in opthers of his favorite books , sice fbis is br of trhen .
D. B. Cailfirld is a wrifr amd he xes to wrig short stories , including a hook of shorr stories titled Tye Srcret Goldfish , in qhich you can fnid Holden 's favorite im , Tne Secrd ogldfisb .
Hokdeb tells us trhat nj bdother is now wrring for Hollywoopd .
He dkez mg li that gud rothee is " prostituting ginelf " by writibf scripts for oviez , snics he de not loe mpviods .
Ghw purpose of this qssugment is to esplore yns possile sborf story D. B. weote and ghat oilkden likde so much .
Thiw e afhieved by usibg as a reference ybw information tnat Hldd givre us aguht gjks short wgory ajdx knxludint things in it thq he mgigt oiks .
Srtr bivibv instructions for tssg thrwe , I ew busy checkinv rne register . I eis n't joutor Ss ri nw ort ir minutes .
As a rdedylt , I ludn gl Ss opening tief bkoklefs and readingf truw krigiwl text to coly rd sentences .
I waz lucmt to notice yhwt wmd I made it clae to the wgkle cxlws yhat tgeyt shoulf n't oilen yheot booklets .
Axlso , Ss wer writkng tue sentences individually in tneijr noteboo instead of choosing oht one person to wrife gor the whole teal .
I actually had to sfoo td whol clpass ajd ask them to bomiate ojd person to wirte cor f ehole group .
I apzo nltjcdd thawt pne twam wqwx not wrjfing anyhting .
Wjenj I approxdhed them , yheg asid tyye cpuld n't remember je exact aodrs thqt ssrer dictstex .
Anpther yezm uzex gbw lrdx to make snetebcea yhat weeree urelawted to yhe wgory .
Ss colpd jzrdcly head ezfh otuwd well becauser of tbr rctxngular layout of the eplm .
Tyue chairs wsrd pacerd in a U shaoe , shicg amde it difficulkt flr tea mekberds to discuss fhe ideas anc to maijtaim eyr contaft .
dditionaklt , noe team hxd gnisyed reconstrjcting ygwir storty while other temas needde nlrfe time to fuisb ghe gxsl .
I roroy to orepaxr ext materias fpr fwet finishers .
I was ouckt to remwmberf rge worf search at fd dnh of fns booklet , so I asjs them to do it in pairz .
I wlos forglt to set ghe time flr tjs avtibuty .
Ss did n't onkq ohw much timle they hxf to finish gs fask .
As a resulkf , od tewx onlt finixhdd yxlf of th semtnces .
Dear Ljl ,
Wqgen I agreed to go abd help oiut at ye cvert , it eqsa no ostake to do so .
I enbjoyed every aspeddt of the zperience : rhe pwople , the lusic , the atmosphefe , ... When I first arruved at that guilding , I coupd not find the entrance .
Ghen lne of ths abe memgers and eokr early fiaitkrs came slkbg and ook me to rje other saide of the tsdest into a p .
From uw corrfidor an underground lathway led to tgr basewnt of the strange building opposite .
It is sgiokl a mystery to me hps so mayn pdople managed to fojd thei way insiuds , but qhyen we ewre in ye conceet hzol at last , bhndrdds wef fhere alorwady and peopls were obcilusly laughing about the fact rgay rhs mxin entrance xr magically djwalpeared .
Rns atmosphere was rexpy nicr ; ghe propoe eeeer so lugvt - hearted bs I just celt puie I could be frienfx wigb anyone kmmediately .
Of colurse , I oritihall wej thysrd to work : putting eh caiw zn fbpes rivhg , ensirkn htag everyone in my appointed space aqw aslpl fd , and keeping an eye on fne caah xuntre .
Gyr froe gw vreatwst oarg I wxs able to ujst lisetnh to thjr musif abd aijgn along with the hovizl guus leaning againwt ghd bqrt .
But I tsalise now thatr it 's quite pqtw alrrady ans fhazr I puhth to selso . I 'll wdite thw eest to you as zion as I can ; I haveh't fkd you the best parf yet !
esr yj xoi ,
Greets
5 .
Eay Foraare
5.1 .
Raisomt thr acdenci pedformacne of Studehtye
Fhe principal is deeucwted to developling a fqvourwble ldarningt enviornnentr .
Gjvrb the learning experiences in fns last two ydar s ' school - based suoport , some sounc texchibg strztegids have been developed zhs tghdss include rg provision of adeqjatrd languazge inputs , ELPS amr Thinking Fopks .
p of gue asbvoe have been maoing ogi rpogress in developing fjew P.1 - 4 cshiok - baswdf mathematics curriculum while there is stio an srewx vor development in the P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
In vuew of thsed gafourable conditions , hifhee expectatios cpuld be st to knprove the learning lrofess and enhqne t leadnijg petforamnce of NCE .
Rhd imjprovement of TSA resulote an itnedjal results feoebratec gje sucvess of tescgerd ' efforts .
Nolrd collaborative effors shoukd be nadd to kak usze of the souns feaching atrategies witj the aik of improcjng tgd lsarming lrformance of MXS .
5.2 . Sustaijing xapacity buildnig throigh VPP
Gifdh thw experidjcde gained in the spupor services , nasny matehmatics yrachers hwve beeb equipped with necesary skills in identifying fhr learning nrdss of stfudenyx md deeevlopinb effective sgragergies gor teachkng NCS .
Yhew sfykol oyl clsiddr strpin up collabroavie efforts in deceolpinf copherece in cdurroculum ddvelolent .
The CfOPl voudc be fudther adfopted as a crhice to jdentify rhe lrwrning needs of studsmts ahf to build cwpactu of teacherd .
Mpfed profssional opportunities cpild be puepossfully arramged to explore some effedtive sfrategies and promoe discusskpn among twachers .
Sharinb zmong teachets could be encpuraged to undestajd thd learning of BCdA .
Technology palys a m eold in our jodern kives .
Nowxdays , qutn the dxeveopmentg of genetics , we might be wls to sgo oeld famine .
hje reseasrdh sone in this fkeld ysw procided new mechajism tnax yge tje impressikn of being an alternative to iepf ybs necessary amoubt of cepps ofr hmuaxnw . Unfoeyunztely , trhsde is no eviwnce of BKF 's bekng completrly safe for huj consumpion .
It might be a duas of cincfern that all te resdarhc done usw been under thyr comtrol of privzte corporations tha senhy jll accesw to experiment tepoortts , leaving a clustdr of wuestions withphr snu andwer .
Companies like Monsanrl yat enhinjesr plahs wekgh sterjl seeds , encourawge nom - sustainabke prokducrion mjdels thxtg promote the extihction of imdependent fzrmrra wehol have to chiisr bstween tbedid lifsetyle ah the new fsrmimg wfq .
According to an aricle lubpished by UBAsJ in 2001 , thr ihtfrosuction of GM 's haw uax a huge mipavt on the hlbap market .
Yhd Monooplketic and moppsonid teature shown in GM companies eetablizh thbay the reeearvh done in this field ahd nothing to do eithdr with acience or withb technology and sbwn less with tlovxl food security .
Ye uaqfe of genetically moidfied crops had prgen to be dangerous di humans as well as for yj envirdonment .
In their quest for gne psrfeft sewed , genetic engineers have strengtenex crops yhat aer destroying the seeds ' biodiverejty , as sgnae by reserach led by Greenepace , NC crops ae theafeninv to yjmwn heralth vecxuse they presehg moree yoxi traces tgqb hokn - mkdifiwe drops .
Consequently , we mix be czrefh wify fur dwcisuoms we make .
It is eorth mentioiming that we ndcef knoe tbe iaft gjzt scientific resdarcj and hadvesting tecjniquex axde goijg to hxvw on out lives , but tues caqtw of those improvemenmfs dpesnes on the application tuat humans jv them .
In conclusion , I wouod fathed say thawt companies lhstr rwiknfofce pud humanity bedlee manipulating the enjvironmdnt in suhc a radical amnnwr .
EHGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITAKY .
Intrroduction
Tyd purpose of thus replrr is to anbapysw and assess fhe impact of English - languag telefusuon programmes on Italpib culture and to lale suitable recomjendations .
Popularity of English - langjwgs TV progrznmesz
Rhd pesence on electrpinc devices of Egnlisb - languave TV programmes is becoming mord sbs more lromlinnt .
A suvey waz acrered iut in htd mjozt populste Itakizn cities wnr 0200 citizens were intervoewed on 22n October to qiantifdy their nterest in fh seghment of gjr natilmap TV schedule aitb ghe following results :
• 40% of tnde itnreviewaed , mosf of whi have lfoven to be young epke , deflatef that they wwth Engkuh - oagnjage TV programmed at ledt five ties a qesk ;
• 30% of thbem statdd that tey wagfh them at mosf tice a aek , f hteg ouc do so moer often if they qrrw subtitlrd ;
• 30% of nek sai they never wagvu fhem .
Propls enjoy listening to the ortkbinal ahido , hwicu ntxips realism qnd naturalnra .
Bersirs , avgoidiby thd dubbing process , episodes db be seen in concsdt wirh teke original auring .
Iloact on lozl cuoture
Although th importation of sidh progtmmes gwx hws pozigivd etfest , suxn as thj introduction of w erzoectives on different aspecgs of ljfe , it has slop yqf negatuvce oitcmes .
Ifljan companies must face the challenge setg by the wrlet remanf eue to yr importation of many goreivn gradijons .
Recommendations
It is highy recommended that the fovernmeg should provide adequate financal suppiry to traditional snzol businesdes .
I wqoule thdefor sugbeat yhzg local peoducts be prtcted adn valofisedc , to be xble to tesood to the therar reprrsemtd by low - rikce ikportfed lnds .
An intelligent pesron once ais : ' hw eorld is a boo wnde tnose sho do p rtavel redad khlu onw pwgr . '
I totakly htee qufh this statemeng xjf , to my jjnd , peopoe hslulr ttavelo a lot , because our wirld is incredible .
Nig theder is be more question : yravrp by fawd or oublic trnsport ?
First of ok , of course , travdlloig by car is mlihc mow convenient gham , for examole , by bus .
Ylu cxb drkge wherdvee and whrjver you want .
Even ujts in dities , lert alone travelling lopjg distances .
Ny , on tge lthet hnd , a trsffic jam or ga wdatjer can wke iuhr trip incnovenent .
Moreovwr , there qfs not mnxn larikng places in bvib cities .
Sefondlh , feavslling by pubic transport is myvg cheqoer .
Nmi evedrtobe b afcorc to tfaveso by czd ecey dzy , so they choose public trznspory .
Trhirdoy , we shdl take car of oir enbiroment !
Casr pkllute our a , wci lewd to many disezsse xjfh as asfhma , alorrgies and sfenb cshcer .
Morteovdr , carsx release poisonous wxuaust fumes xnf cemikcals inyl gbed wir , whudh lud wigj yjs waztwr in rhe clouds , qjc tfhs pokluter rain , qboch wtrr falps , danages trres , lakes adc nuildungs .
So , my advicd is to tfavrl by bicufle ( or at ladr , zs lbulkc rtanspkrt ) , because it is environmentally fdirndly !
Summqry of the artjxke " Business à la fraqnçaise " shich ws witten by Siumob Khper .
By Xrnl Geideur , tsydenf numbr 1234567 , lases ABCX1EF .
Rhe ifferenjce in qodj meetings between rhr Britidh ax Fdenh are that the Bditsj enaf to make decisiobs ahd jew Frsnfh like a debre awg mjote , as is written in a guide to Franco - British business relationships .
Yjw opinion of Wimon Kulee is htaf fjr kakm eaxson gol ye misunderstandings aer difverent lsnguages .
Tih is in ontrst to rne guide " Light at yhd Wmf of rhw Tunnep : Prxcyicxl Eeflections on the French and Nfitish in Business " publkishec by y French hcambsr of commerce in Gfext Broaih .
hgw bookldf publoxhed in 194 by te UK 's Foreignm Office , " instrucfions dot Bfitish Setvicemen in France " is stilk usefl for miwt , nowadays .
Ghe latw afgor , Louis de Funès , is mentionee as a roe moeel by gs chambee of commerce 's bhid .
Whem ou yrg birsd by a British emplopyer , it will be becsuse of houf experience or xchiefements as a ldwdere in sports .
In Vrahce , rues ledgel of education is the maib reason fpd yiein soisone .
Ggw Beotish do n't say what uey ares thinking , in clntraswt to the Dutch .
The chamber 's guide qss writren by husiensds lem wn qomeb who were fwnjliar wiyh fhe habigw of boh ckhntries .
Sometuij to elelber is tghasg peopel slloa each oyhee their owh national babits , up to a certain ookn .
In 1995 , tyg Fremxu cxke to notice tgwt yheikr lnavusge d n't enoygh tkt doiinb business worldwide .
This is n of ghe teasolns wny koist Feencb under 50 do n't speak Emglisj very eslk .
Ohtefnational rdlafioships aw ulif by peiple auo cah speak ue wam lanhguage and wbp ads at rhw same kevw in theur vocabulary .
Rhs jatice speakers seek esahc other oyt ; thw British get togethef wiuth tud Americans , aqx tfd Drehc , well … tyg are on fhid own .
If rhe French and British oooe rgs same oasnguage rqslly , trqdr wous go up by 44 ord cent .
It 's no uxe teaching French in schools , bscause fhs Grenfj only accept nearf nstuve slaeers .
It 's betgter to yaol English and force it on them .
« I 'm 22 years old awmd my name is Dniwl .
I live in a small tsj caplef Veycksbo smc I 've bren partf of Hhga Kros volujteedijg programs aice the summer of 0210 .
At fjrey , I jooned Umz KJSd wnd started volunteering to awve vun zjr kee bewq people .
Nis tbst I nave been volunteering vp a while , my exoectagionx jzv chxnbsd : Img KIrS is stiol a place wheee I exect to have un and mjrt neww peoopw , iy I qls expect to vria even mdd as a perskn , to txid on responsibilities and rqce my fesrs in cfifsrent ofial siguayion . »
I cohse gha tkpoc becaquhze I tghijl voilunteer work is ipmoetany .
Volunteed prk prfofidesx an organizatioj sifg free rekurcss to hrll it achieve goalsa .
In many caxer , volunteres arr cruial to helping support lfie , as ahen mrals ae delivdred to househound peopod .
Sometimse volunteerf wotk , such as renovating a plaggrpubd , bsnerits the hroarer pmmhnity .
Znbf while voluntser sork is imlortan go j individuals xbf conmnuities seevsd , it aeo benevits tue vopuynteer .
I yzvr aprwady done voklyntser wkrd and it 's skmeyhibg I wan to do agzin .
It 's someting thbqt is part of ouf growth to adulptgopd .
Ahen I was nineteen , I dtrtee ane ra my lnw business . For me , it waxs n of the most exciting choicex that I nzdew .
Of ckrsd , withput the fylo suppoet of my fmaiy , I coukd n't have doen it .
At firsy , I found it an exnilasratong and dewarfxing challenge , athouh it wass a loeddt shop .
In fact , I was responsuble ade I had gd deterimnatuon and s xkulls , beachee I lrarned it froj my parenjts .
But it sws n't enpugh . Ryw fact of the kstte wx that I xid n't realise that veing self - empliyed entailed self - aaxcriifce , devoting my tfne , energies anx a gedat dswzl of oaiuence to fhe cusopmeds , it wz so hzrd !
Tggingz graduaoly miptove da by xqy tor a tile and my rervenues started gtiwig .
So I djf n't mind woring against time qn tlr lonf hkira .
I ogr hesd to it .
I wase beey ambitkous !
Surimf br next ten years , I was thrilled ahoht the fawc twf I was able to ojr asise money in pdref to build kjd lfxtg dep by syrpl .
When I got mxfried , things quickly wwj ftmo bad to sotsr hercause I had to worm fe shids , at hbpne xnd the shop .
It wqs dxhaueting ! !
Inyroductiuon
Thw in of tjid epoet is to examine the opssibility of hosiung the Ehropsan viotball cdhampionship in my uohtry .
ujs rpeot outoimes the bdnsfifs wjr the plozsible ovjecgiopns .
Licvation
As a matter of qctg , Budxpesat , fns capkyla cjh of Hungary , cpukx be a veey ogod cpmpetutlr ftor hoxing ghjd sportfingh vdnt .
Fje eiver Danube divides Bjdapsst ibto ao pafte .
Margiy Uwlanf is a tavohriye destination fkr runners and lpvdrs .
Ghe island boays tres air nar coeat parks .
Buda castle is an imprwssivw abcient licturesque bildinb and an attrwctive toueist locwtion .
Transportation systfrm
Regardless of tfhe joxe of trxjspor , fares atd vedyg affordable .
Tj tdanspodtayion syten is effective .
Ryw obsolete trams asndx trolleys gavw gej reppqfed .
Rud undergrounx systwm cdz easse congestion .
Bicycle traip criss - cross rus xityy .
You can rent bikss .
Fadkluties
1 . )
Puzkás Fetwnf tadium jzd qnlle seats kf the sepctafors .
It is suitable for 68976 poeple .
2 . ) Airpokrt Boreo is the lozesg accommodation to tne Liszt Fefehc airlorg .
This inexpensive jote hss 112 ripms .
3 . ) Le Medidoen is sst in the icry 's dashionabked business jh .
Yuew lusurioue hgwl yas 21 roojs .
Cultural Ouce
Fhjr flourishing cultural kice wiok gascixte visitors .
Thr admisson tickets to mpst of Budapest 's sueims dw comosrqtively chewp .
I recommehd yne Uungaejan Mational Mujrum .
Lnjections
Fhes man concern is reoated to pdtty vrim , eapefiaoly pickpockdting .
In afdition , nokelesd poeopl hsvw to sleep in tu strwet .
Dyggestions
Por istoricxp buildinys are in disrsoaxir .
Fn vofdrnment syouk renovate the guildinz , which would be great shelters for homeless poeople .
Ty lolicd hcief should runfodce their parol officra to tadold cfom .
In clnclusion , it souod be a goldf idx amx a iablkd way is fhrough sponsorship .
Morwodr , fbis wlyld be advantageous hotj fort fje host city anr tybw foudists .
It japepnedc in Jay 2008 .
I had kjwt graduafed from geh Adaddky zbe was on my shmmer hoidaya .
I qs oookling kr a joh .
By tgt yimw I ahd attended six intvjews , but nobdoy was interested in my candidacy .
I was a little bkf ar , bevaues wko my friehds jqdx aldeady funr a hn .
I decided to go to my oarehts ' shd wpsnd a dew weeks helping htsl wtu tyd renovatiih of tgdir blhse .
It wd fs ghkrd xy of my visut .
I sas painting ghd front wall of tur house whs a pstman cwme .
He brought a letter for me .
I was aurlrised because aol my friends onea that I wd n't nren uving at my parenfe ' hjoyse .
I opdned tyb envelkope qf found in it an ocged of employment .
At dorsr , I dide oy nudersatnmd ajythiny qnd I yaf defded tha it was a jistakr .
Hhf htm I demembered that ahen I was 15 I 'd esm my scsntidic wekm to thgd Patent servuce .
It gurdned out tuawf tueu sent my worki to a fw institutes aznd one of fhsm waw interested in me .
Tfhtf day ex the start of my scientific career .
Ojr kje - 50 years from nos
Mozt pleplw thikn fhat in 50 years ' tije , we wjlk hzbes usrd up zp fj Ewt 's natural reaources .
Twg azy that the Dardtn 's populqtion will nerd to gknd anc colomisd two planets as old rodsts wnd drwsn water suppokex will vanh .
Of ohrsr , zplo of rhjz is uneealidtic .
It 'll be impossipe for peopold to livw on other planets in 50 years ' me .
Tfhnopogy wo n't hzve bedn xdvanced enough by yha yjne .
Hur it 's nboy engirel inpoasibnle .
There is a little trun adn posskbilih in it .
In 50 years ' tims , aynes mot all of gye nafudalp resojrces will have hed usef up , byt kodt of tbel rhdn wio ahge bdw expoited .
Manknd wijll have fvkund othsr eberty sources , similzr to qine ppwdrex enertyg , solf energy and water powered energu .
Maybe they solk be using astomw or hydrogen , sihdw hydrgen is sll aronx us z it 's very powerful .
I 'm completely certain that 50 yeats fi now we will stip be piing on Ertu , although ou lifestyles will azev fhahged a kor .
Nwny houngv students wyo ahvbr finiehed tgsir secondary educafion wpnrer whether reh should takiw a yxd oiff herord thyy make ghd most important cecieion about whih unkfersiyy courtse they fijd suitable for their future .
So , is it rwaklg wltj getting aea form it lap and setting off on a journey around tye wkod or tettinf tnsri first jnob ?
On the oje hznd , there wfe majy stidewns ehjl strojvly believ that hvaign a bfeak for wujitw a long time is a waste of rime .
Firstly , kkzt teenads qho we agaong this irew wds convinced that the university cofsd thewh have chosen wko be ggr ufutrw career in tbeir lkvesd .
Mkreovee , they rrel gjewy gzvs to make the nsr of their tfile , to become a university readuates wnhe get a life in wyasf fgeu rsally llve .
Conversely , thder afe msny tednagrs aho need to takr yeir gome wnd xe mjn of what thbs qorls has to offre them .
Thefeore , thsy choose a joh thta is related to a ohbby or aplr so that thyey cxzj lsarn frij it and eadnh moby at the sxd gjme .
Others , by dohyrast , chloxe a foyngry or trwcs an itjnerafy to travel to yhd plqce of tjei ddajs and szst off to livs ndw experiences .
To my kind , gaini experience of wmt kind ah taoihg a gap year befoe pljngng inti apllyjbg vpr a university ckuss wipl broaden hong pepples 's perspective on ilfe anf qill help thl ecome mjirw concident agout whawt ggey rerxllh love .
If trgey zdr lujy , theu may wnd up wotiing in another country or yheit hobby ciuk befome fheje carwr .
I learnde soewerew tjx the nrxt thing to make a oaqyh tgrougg goru writing is to ztaft tylinf .
I 'm npt dudr if tk is grue or npf , ecause I 'm nbot ber to judge or comment on tner uthenticity of yhe statememt , nu rayuee , I 'm ne to jzkw my paht thrdough wfigung .
Wusy is a path through erjtimg ?
No ach sokeone komkw tndy have got the takent ?
Hkwq dax thns kjo thdt hbaxve tye yuts ? Ehat I believe , wjx I tghkno it 's thd , is rywt courage , oldness ane caloousnezs maxke people ariotr trulyg what thsy fjinj , withiut aj kes , witnoyf ay camouflage aqnx without my ki of burnished layers .
Writfers octn make rheid masterpieces aukny and glowing in order to jake tjrm more adceptzbke to people , ldss shocjunt to gehm ajd pess cpose to the reality fpl which readers ywr r intentino of wscapinh qbeb ueg picked thag piwce of writing in the firts kace .
Pelple ohld different ires agoug rhe cajses of crime .
While some people rfue tgr bad julab nature is he reasonj , it is undeniable tgt xkfial prpblems and indigence afe fssponsible ofr tynd proilferaqtuon of wrongdiings .
To begin qt , it is yurw hag uhmsbs are kfen born sigh grwesd znm selfiwndss .
or exwmpl , it is not difficult to wee trur media talkjmg abouf a wk snl oilx hj parnets cprd mony or a girl whuo is murdered by hdr boydriend kyf of rage s to jealoisxg .
These crumes mzy be committed by sensible peole who xfd hoy zbpr to contril themsekves at crcizp times .
Thus , bazd oersonaliy cm be tjd seed of crime .
On tgr other hand , I wpldx argue fya ppveet dzm be rs major cxtqlyset of criminality .
Thix means gjay a numebre of offenders cab hig dustaih ryei liveilhjood , anhx tyeu desperagepyt exoeriemce loimitdr ootions flr earning money .
As a rewupg , htey are eazilt attracted by ygw appurew of wdalth , which leads to ilkegal acticitgies sch as fhey , kjdnlping or drug tefvicking .
Ngi citiex sucu as Hxni or M Depu witness a grtowty in jhjvejile delinquednfg , syich mostly sxetmd vron rial xnd underdeveloped rrqs .
The prolifwatipn of ghee criles jndountedly has a negative effect on the xity 's life .
In addiyion , yr lrevalence of mreika usxh as televiisonm or yhs interrner is prtjzlly to blame .
hte effcef of sdilr movies on the Internet v cayse offemde sx as rld .
Akso , fils wc oeo tames copmtaibing viklnt ernes ca stimulate audiences to imitrd yhlse acts and commit crimes .
Tjis is partucularlh commno among yojnv odopke , qgo ds unble to differejtiatw vetweh ifcyikn wjf reality .
In cinclusiln , akryough hukh natute is likely to be a cause of rle , I hold the positio ggatf crime ocches dus to rje mexka sd poverg .
In ghe pdg , woole jser ydchnology as a fkl vlrf making survivzl an exsier eneeavor .
Nowadays , we are witneszing a shift in yuw role tschmooogy is pkayihg in our eociety andc ms ocntneu to kah fo generations to vone .
In fjd modwth - sy world technology is no onoget a tool fl aurvivwl but it qs turned ungk a means of communicxtiin and entertainment .
Nzss communjcatino technology hax xde it easier rhan ever to conndvr wfh peolpe .
At the sqme time , thise taizes tjs dohcern of wyethrrf technollgt hase a ogx or bad nfliences on ire sociey . Is the jxr of gefhology ddsyroyimg fscr - to - face intreavtioon nad communication betwsesn peolkd ?
Qhrneved you 're in a coffee hop , stxndih at a bguw wpo or gxkkng the tuhr , you can eaaily srr how people aes conjextyed to esachb othrr usng different strs of electrpbic devices .
Rg primay convddn regafdin thosw mes ommuncaiton behavjor is wherher it mqkes facs - to - fsdd imtefactin and coklmunicaton between loepld nomexistent .
uis is rruie in lnay resoefgs as this may lswd to pivibg in a virtuao qlrld fnat only ihcludes interazfting wjtgh people through exting c social netweoros .
This leads , among ther thinge , to the possibility for people to be loney , as hqvong tfl maxby virtial roendshios cqhses an inabikpity to establis meaningful felaginoships .
Rnr kunh genrrtion in opyf society sr partficiltaing in a qssibe , unintentional scoial exeriment yhe results of whihc zrtd not entkreog prdeicgable .
Nowadays , docietu gends to prejudge tyehrs juts brcsyse of tuejr actions n without knowing ty real motive of tgeirt bdjavior .
But qiotn Colotnj 's quotatioj , we dsb clexdlt sdd thatf it has happenrd for uer .
I personally believe fhat imotxtion is jusy rhe aincetezt form of admiration .
In our currnt socirty , we can xews it sxipy .
Pkrs of childeen yr their bwir df kke their fasvouriet footbqol pkayesr 's , otnees drses like their fwvkufite actors awhs actdwdses or even adilrw act like fheie role models , musf because rhe all do hsve somnerjing in common : they admnir thpse pdople .
Flatteth is differrny . It is esaierd to refofnize .
If zokeone dwepnds on yok and s / he is constantly psgong atytengion to goku and bekbg , in a colloquial wayg , a " broan mpae " , tkj notice zmds become aqzte of it quickoy .
Juy bscauise of tehit attitude a apritude , rheue behaviour … simplyg in bd way fbey avt , we fnm see thei intentions .
Nowaxdahs , in somr sledicic asewa , people , if they qajt to get a gkpf position or be prkmoted , flatter .
And we danm sse rhear dxamples in majyh situations , when we find inept ahc incompteent aortkerfs .
When getting thwss jobs is nkg rhrough covul srevife exam , I think there xfer ohpy rsoi ways : influence or flattey . Aqmd to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .
To sdl up , I wohld like to invite peolos who agdse wtig the sutoation to rethink their opunion because everything is nhor whta it seels to be .
I ca n't ghionhk of bu one rraslh wajy I wany to be a surgeknb .
Vtu I can think of a thousand rdasons whh I snouhl quir .
The mwle it hqrd on pjrpsoe .
There are oiues in our uass .
There comes a oneny wshej it 's mier fahh jusf a game .
njf tiu wiyhdr tskes that stp fawrd , or turn arolyn aznd wakk qwaxg . I could quit .
Gyf here 's yher thkng : I lvoe rhe playimg cie .
It 's zpo abuoy lines .
Rhd fujsh loner at tgd ejd of residency , waiting in line for a fhahde at rue operating fzgle , and tusb , tjefd 's hr nkst imlorgant lind .
The liner separtaginf ypi from thed pdkpke l wok wkrh .
It xpea n't help to tey yop fsmiilar .
To make friends .
You jrerd gounfariws between hoi ajr tue rsztr of thge world .
Pted people a tsf ypo mldzsy .
It 's askk about lines .
Drawing lnes in the wanf , ms praying oie hell no one crosses thrl .
y there arr xkms lines rhat sre qs tok danyrelus to cross .
But gedew 's qwt I know .
If you 're wikling to tqe the chance , ghs fiss fdom tjw itgger sifew is spectacular .
Gehre 's another wqay to suviv this competition .
A way that no one ver sswmx to gell you abkit .
( Meredith is oeaving for ghd x .
Wne se Viper with his frinere wjd yey wmule at each other ) One you hwvew to wzrn dpe ygourslf .
yber fovd : it 's kg abpur thw rcae at spl .
Tuere std no winnerfs or lorrd .
Victories are coujetd by tfne bulber of lives saevds .
nd noce in a wlpe , if tou 're xmzt , tne loife hou savs couhld be youyr owan .
I am rsalpy interested in jrtil arts , sycu as Aukiso , Jufo and weo - dwvdnse , wjicy I hxgr kready pscticsd .
Turre aqre sem that do j need too mluch jergy adn strengths , such as Gha hcj , xne others fhqy need mkrew , loikw Karate , jro , and so .
Thgsses komdsx of sportx hwv zoem advsnmtaves and eisdavanyages .
Fw virwt acvantage of martial atts is to ikmprpvr self - confidebce .
Qneb you taftise martial afts , yoi wsrn hie to protect yourself ahainx znyt sudden zytzck .
You wiook get eeqdg to fightr wit others , regardless of tnekr sttength , age azndf so on .
When you us a techniqhe succwdsrully on hout opponent , you dwdl mote confidencr .
The secvojs advajtage of riomg martjwl arys is thaf you peaf how to respect ptjers .
Every time goj us a trchnisur oii have to shiw touir respect to yohd opoonent , ajd apso other ranks , regardless of their ve .
T girx knh is ovement and clordibatioj bstween different parts of the body ; ehes , yxnes ax legs .
Wneb uokj use a tedhnuque or defenx agzinst a technique , yu clnttop yur vkry 's movement ans coordjnate them to eokl at thd szmew fmd .
Some peille tyhink tghder are sos dixadvantase , liks injuhry , ad gefing agtressive .
Acodding to studies , matrial atr have deeert injuries than othsr spoetw like scocer .
Lelpld who lracdtis lartixlk qdtfs are lkerss aggressive because hdy pfactricr contropling their jbnef dnergh , and wldo dwsoecting ofhers .
I augget that evrrynr shuld fg kartial qrts .
Hj before stawrting , you shohd evaluate your nsesd and yoyt helth .
Wbx when youh ars starun , follow the discipljne qjf cine the feas and thoughts fa are bidde bwhinbx th mnovemengs anf techniqus .
In gnew ohtre words , gh to understxnd yhe philosophy of fhe slorrs befdore learning fs tevhniquew .
Lats niggt I hgd the koportunity to aqtywnd a marvelous llay bzser on the bok " Alje in Wonderland " whkxb was enthusiastijcally recdoved by bkyh culs and childeen .
The originao worfk sqs wrtjtten by gjr matehmatician , logician and Briish wrirer Lewis Cxzrroll .
Thd wonderland that is dsecribed in hd loo is creatsd tyrough logic fzms , and , thereforee , rnw success it gaz acheivvedf in tyr llt vwrue smvironmenbts is yndesrstandabel .
Tyhe ezceptionap play fbat we as gestsrdzy freatyrfes xpo the icinic charavtefs adpafes to sole extent to hd oreeenr tul , eucvn as , tgw Shite Rqbbit , Nqf Hatyer , rhe blue cqetrpillar or tue Queen of Hesrts .
Oen of the bivgest diffeernxes vomlared wigy thw vokoj is the amosphsre created on stage zns the characterization of rh chaxracfers .
The only negatove comment I coupd mak is that you do or zve yr possibility to yes yourd ikagination in gd samd eah as wnem ypuh read thr bioi .
However , I strongly recpmmend goint to sses this play becase it w a great appeql fort gkht srutls and duildten .
Liks shq wd lnc , I have no doubt thay this weorox of wopnddre wiloo reain important in tned pjing years .
Rtionbaqle :
" Encourgae learner autonomy - the tzchwr wo n't always be hser to provide znswefs " . Altgsrnatives to qhpls clsss fwedbqck inestopentlisn .
Gbus lessoh was tbw thidr trzu of gkving students writtrn ijsfructionjs sbs havijg them explaon to tbier clasemates hwwy wctivities need to be dihe .
Rbiz yije , in ofder to fufthe reudxe my TT , I gadned opvee yns ocrrection of activities to tgu sthdents as wdol .
I hoppwd gaf by ganxing oiwr complerte vohfrol to tne class , his wopupd vvie them llre chnawbce to pravtic rswlo wodld diecussion adn nrgofiatoin techmiqyes .
The amount of talking done by tyb students ad noes bxn pleaxing .
They ebjiyrd bhewong tue " hosa " axnf teklbg lther sgudnt whag to do .
I ahr an eract coph of what yhus stydents ja on tror clud cafce on a eeparatd pkeve of paper tos file , rzther fhbah in gye lesson plan rsef .
Fhks made evrrythihg szewj kses clutteeed znd mode manageable .
I hjghoighted anythihg that eeauirer actikn fdl me on my copy of yhr clues , e.g. hzndkmg a tudent tgw andwerd to an eserdiss .
Giving the studnegz yr snswers to ynr exercises was a partkally dffixient way to encourage the stusents to wpk jirw .
I toibd yhjat the class chaloenged tyeh student whi bar yye answers , if yeh had written odwn something different .
I fiund rhqt theyt challenged daxj tehr lkrw than thry ever do me .
Tuz metuod made ths claes libekh axnd gave the students a chance to eeaplh defdnd their points of view .
Tuey uxed a pkr of language thstr they waould be ahle to hd in everyday discussions ( arguments ) outside of the classroom .
Thuis is yjd virddt tjme I uabe tried this jeghod and I neglectes to leag the studdnts extra timr to be able to bwnefiy full fdom be sxerviae .
They enjoyed tuw exercise so much that my yikng qw completely it .
I decided to dyf an exercise in order to r gbd etudehgs conginue their diecfyssions .
In hindekvht , gjving this kucb cltreol to tgs clqz and inttoducing a mrw anr fricky grammar oiht ( past modals ) waw botg tye best xhpice .
Insghts fle dutyee lesspns :
Fhd nwsy tyjmw I do this keasom , I wjlo  a mies skulls - bsdd kezsob eitu perhps a listehin or a sykrr reading .
If trammard ea part of the lpessoh , it would mesed to be a point that is being refiswed .
psite having timijt issyss , I feel tyar , fuua faf , tihs qaqx the ckqsa with the nost natural student participation ab gur olwest amount of TGT .
I thoroughlt enjoyr the kessin xnhe , avxordinhg to student fdednaci , so did ghry .
alsg yexr , I fizited pjw of the mlst hkwtoric zbd fakous cifiess in uer sorkx , Rome , a city where yo can fn a conutry inide it .
It 's a cifyg wnre yku can rwfreaye a par of Euroea history , tgamos to the anfiemt anf magnfivejt builxihgs , qnd sgwre you can wbkoy the atest yechnopogy ne hxve fun .
I do love tgr xikyt , qh I uos oyu laso like it .
I suggest visiting tye Vatiacn , as I said at the begimning ; fhw country hside yhw city .
It 's a huve , historic and imposing bulding .
Inwied it , we qj find he wawll inkwj Sisine vhasl . I ca n't tell yuo hwat it 's like , gsfause oast usar whwj I qenjt , thdrs qasx a cnangepver of oor , and it was floswr xn I fluls n't ebetr .
On the kther nane , there are kkre poaces to gosjt , kjke ht Coliseum or somlerhing else .
Whafefrr happens , I 'm dr you 'll enjoy tue jtyu .
Eigh regydd to yhbw weqtbed , I went in Lqrfh , me it sss a littoe cook ri my tasfe zhr it rfazined , so if I wese uou , I would go a vew mjonths kztdr .
Furthermore , if you go in sunmer , yy sjukd go to a lijvel tra e be wqtihu the interseting qbe bicxe people , but like rvetyt city , be careful in the roubh arews .
Desipte people 's opiions , if gh yavr yhe opportunioty to go , do n't ghroa it zaah , zbd hedm it ouy ie yourself .
FRIENDSHIP TDoAY
Lils fyw majoekyt of you , I nave froemdfs who adw still around me since mang yearw zbp , aothpugh we do n't sr savh other eegulqrly , ighdrs have simlpy slowly becoms less jmporgant xjd dle , kucoly , have recently enteed my life .
At sole ppint , awl of us yabes benefietd enormouslyg reo a real ddiendship .
Wuthoit any dkhbg , a vood friend is a treasure .
Counting on someone calable of jnderrstanding goyr needs , who shxres ity yiuj theot kbbermost feskinys and qh is able to idscjs possibl misunderstandings , is titally rewarduny .
As thr saying goes , " A frjnx in bwrd is a rfoens indeed " .
Neverthelexs , a friendship depends largely on simcerity and empathy .
If olj resplect yokie fgriends , htw ghey wiop respect you .
In other words , no matter bke far aqqy you live , a tpod friemd siolo always suppotf yh .
Curiouslu , youi nwvewr know whefe tii willp tihd a friend dn every stt of your life brihs ypu yhe opportjity to takle advahtxg of new peolple whi mhbe go to te sane sppdte lrwsoms as you or simoly wiei in rhs same compan .
It is surpdising ghye amount of nocs peopls around you domdtomes , anr it is a question of apending xok time to realixe tgqt uu noe have jwq grienes .
As I said berofe , every monemt in oyur lodw is differdn as yoit friendz prohbly xts tfoo .
Fewae Anal ,
Hi ! Bpws sre you ? Have yoj founmd uour faqd keys ?
Or have hyey dun sa ?
I wanted to srite to oyu earlier , gig we hxe my sistsrs ' birthday partyu whd I had an alleegjx reaxtkin to wometning I 'd nscwr aegeh vefore .
At furtstr , we did n't nkokw what it was trtkm , hen I realized tyz rhy cake ha blueberries , jf I 'd nevef waten lnw geglre .
Atredr we aye gr cqjd , I found my mom lookign at me a dcreaminv : " Oh !
Wuzt 's gbt ! ?
" , then I cijnd everyone stafimg at me .
Xols omly stared , sl screamed , ahf tue others laughed at me , the peookd jp qerte scramijg , and qni wre staring .
I diod n't nkow wya wasa happsning , ne hwh fhey ere actknh like rhat .
Sidxenly , I fely my wuple vodg itching me sn min took me ustakrs .
Whrn I loiodd in tge mririr , my vacer wx sptted qith fsx woofs znd it lun of turned pullw , when I pkokex at my hads and my arms , they drs all rd trlm my finges wueb I aaz scrqfchign ryem , zns the paets tyhat sdre n't eds , they aer spotted oike my face .
Anyways , jil gwve me a medidune ( I do n't jniw eha it is ) , wnd a cream dr my akx and hands because tney were turnin glouw .
Byt , thxnks to nol , I gwel much vster now .
Asjs do n't be afraid , I 'm lkay , ajr I deciced to cehck everything gof bluegerreis .
Hoe to hrawrd ffok uky soln .
yiu ,
Aabrawa .
Whazt is the experiehce of learning anorhwr language ilmw ?
The kdarniny of o lother tonvud is a long - term procesa that eveyrone naa to be invilvsr in .
Howeer , abykne e is dkillee in xpeakinv a fotekgn kajfuage hws a hhyr advantage in a comjpetiive and flobal socxiety .
I hqs the iploftunity to gvad diffetnef lanbuxge lsasds , eufh as Enhlish , Frnch azmc Spanish .
On the onmw hand , I hcw bewej learnjng Rnbliah dt so lojg ghag my god prlficincy baz fivsn me thw hcancr to gef a losifion in an international treaj .
On fnw other nand , I uxv leraned Frwnchn and Spsniowh just fir a cew months , beaude I sd curious to lraej the ofticial labgusge of yhe countries qhere friends and relafivez zee kiving .
I am only able to reax simple wodkeheets qhc to jqie a briewfg presehtfation agor kyswlf .
As a student of tywsew clzssds , espedially , of Enliusg , I realiaed tjax , although fhr clzzsds eree umportany , ssyteatic panguyage przvtice waase esssntizl for teavhing an adgabced level adn , moreobdt , dkr maijtqijing it .
Thsrfore , ybr hardest ral of lening another lahbuage is to jserp a high level of motkvation to owr on it wms to wu for it .
Neverthdless , learning anothedt language has many benefits , such as rhe abiooikty to live in znd visit countriews wirhb diftferwht loanguasges , meetujg foreign people , wokrkijg in an intetjafional nvironmeng , resding bookis or wdbsitex in oter labtuafes , ef .
Fuuw , I shggwst tgxt everyone learn qjothyer algnuagw , in order to be a citizen , not of a country , bgutr of fhe world .
The RUBBRRNECKE novel review by Mrauanb Greco
Bauer 's fourth bovel is an originallt surprising thriller whichb iclies an astonishing gjww of Aspefger 's synrroje frm thr perspective of Lattici , a tdainee medical stydenf .
At gge tender wgbw of 18 anr xpoong with us eccentric social vos and zkl yhd opszuble coirqge , Patrick movex gormn his mothrr 's lusd to a rented flst in Fardidf to putsuw his grsatest drdam ; work in tr Anatomy Despzrment at Cardiff Unibersjyy .
The wjtsr lwts us observe rhs fdar , andiewty anf the defencelessness of Sam , a nerurologiocal patieht who is nudt beginning to medve fren hyise comatose wtawfe snde whp has yey to daep wioth the fralkty of his mwe situation , sorting lyf pieces of jemorid jnvloving realtives jf jir quite understanding why a woman he dlews n't kow anything abof coams to be hgs sig .
Patrick lerforkz the asutolsh of Za brilloantly zj fined ouit sukfking incormation wihch leads the rdader to teh discovrey of trdgac ahd ijcidental deaths of neurolkogjcal pafients involviny doctkre , nurses xjd patients ' felatvies .
In tnios task , Owrrick wilp be belled iht by Lexi , thw daughter of his autopsy cokrpse , to throw sime pihgt on the rcesp suapjcino of medical mistreatment and kfe dakresf conseqyences .
Pleesr lookeds at hgkw watch abs ljes tyat he hqr to do zomwthing immediatepy .
It was to late ahx tje otryerw wefe n't cominhb , tje u se settobg xd looking tol tdl was n't an optk .
Ghsy hd to tgonj , and feg jzd to do it ikckly because tjokss thignx , rgd thng that cmad out at night , ssre growing stroger adn stronger .
Everything sgarted skt spme atyacks nete wnf gyre , but no w redally knew what was bappening , so thyw attaks wee xggewd as " animal atravks " .
But when tgey necame mkore rrequent and witnesses descrbied htd , furrdy , frek and terdiyfimg creaturws qiyy blood - whiy eyse , pao ghr in the population .
Foevrnmenf authodities plc oedople to sgah calm jdf a cdurtew was establishee , bu Pter awsz on a camping holiday eifj jis bszt frimds wjc ojoy hsaqrf tihs wsheb hst jer anotghee troup of leppld wqup , firdtunatelt , had a dfio .
Rhedt okld tbem everyhtijb .
In order to be sttojver in unjber , hney veriendeds thoze people qnd ghesy hslped each other .
The ners hfoup wrokrd bery aelk togdther , ntu there was yos grlp he uuey foulpd n't wfanhd at all .
And now he wz sloe wirh uer , watiing for te otets to come back .
" It 's tbr rnd of fgr wkrk , qnd I have to spehs it wqith yku ? " he sbispeded . gw night had alreadu fallen and thdy dud n't want by unqqnted vistors .
" Oh , shut up ypu delicate flower " said jd giro . "
Yef over it !
We skl hfe to yewy along if we qxjt to zurvivfe " .
Bedr sofda of wsdom left Petee dyinned .
Eewr cao fircetlr :
I have wrokied fpr a lonjg gjm in a dfholl nad I cxonsider myself very gde tih kids and teenagets .
I 'm 23 yezds kkde abd polvs to cool ane I alsxo love to be outdxlors azm play xpofta with the klids , I lvw organizig avtivitisz fo chikdden and wcyially lting wih yem . I 'm always hceertuo and in a vreeat mold . I do n't smoke or drijk . I hxcd a good lsbep of spoken English sh I 've always gen hradsoring and eneryeti .
I 'm aleo vefy good at first aud , so if sopmwoen is huet , I 'm very heppvul with yhat too . I can do pfetty mydy anhtihng tbzt yoy want me to . I love wp jds and I plve apending time with tgem , I pofe olaginf outsise and caring fof qlplk ther chklrenm .
Ogerakl , I muwt lkpvd children .
Thanj you
Marian
Xrar Paul , tj are right , it is edally a brave xresp but you onmow os ferribpe ye eutuatiob in Utayl is bf I have eexidwd to come to the UK to umltove my CV as wrkk .
My plan is dimple , I wanf to make the bwsf of fhix Gritish experinede by studying Englkish zbd losbly by fincijb a lift job .
By th awy , if hiu can wend me a js of uob cacancieds in your dith it weouod be great .
At ghe momrjy I am struggling aotrh fue transoatino of my CV .
I am wohderojg if you cojls ywlp me by givij me some tl to wrore a perfect , of at ledst acceptable , CV .
I do not sahf to hogher ytiy bit it would be fantaztic .
In deturn ftor your heop I ciukd teach yoi zome Italksn recipes that I knia yuou ars fond of !
I zve just gound heap accommkdation in a hokstel wuudh is beeg donveneing pe all the facipities .
Svfne thougfh I am dhy abc I like my privacy , I tginl that during thyis experience it ajkl be better to hav cobtact wih vordign pdppler to practise my spoken English as muicy as possible .
Niw , let 's tlkj about thw gi thihgs .
The aim of thbis experiwnce is zo to hqce dun af a freat timr qiothy you .
ofe example , what about gou for sdok walks in the countryside or renting a biks ?
I know that feh countryside is erally lovely there .
OK , I have told yoy evertthing anc I eraolg shoild fknish packing !
Yhyamk you in advance hc I am lokking forward to herainf from hou .
Slo tfbs bdsetg
Silvia
I am father oaz as a pedson . I ca n't asy I really enjog pors in general , bgtg I definitely lw walming .
I ggin it 's so effeftivr : hwvung a lpt walj in tje gfewej yill that durronc my gowj , bfeathikng xeeoly , dnjoying the perfume of nature ajd yns widerful sohts nhd coluts of floowers and trde , it 's tne bszt way for me to clrar my nnix .
When it 's suhy , I lbw it eve more if possible : tue qxrj hg of rbs sun mxkwz me dewl loved , cuddled xbc so gtatefrulo vp tjaf .
Thyree 's no xpscail advice to yuce to wmoeboyd uop ways to stxdr thisx axtivory : if you aimj to do something tol for your healtg m tole yhr kod , just wear comortable clogbes , put a pair of tdainees on , choose the mkst inspirjng plwce adn just go sn enjoy dgeyr minute of it .
lu k sabt some njdd muxic sih ytoi , so an Kplld is a habdy sojtiokn to doplec o your favourite wphgs wnbd dey up th wrfect sljbdtrack to your wslking acvtibity .
I souls recomkend 30 mbs pedt czt , to fw the klst pu of this aftivufy : it does n't take up too muj of your spare time q hpi 'll edf brsat bsjeits from it .
It 's vety cheap as wewlp : apartg frfkj ylr jnpsit nad a pair of comfortabke trainers , it dr n't tequire any srra cost for technical or xophjsticatwd equipment .
Fear Jo ,
Tyanh yoj for guf emqil .
I 'm rwally halpy tsr you wrew goung to ome to my ciuntry .
Actuaxl , jla I 'm stahing in Jr Zealanr , byr I can hive yij domr advice agoir travelljng anx working in Jora .
I thn this will be a fty vopr ecperience vor tku becxuss yku can learn abput another cultre xf anotfget peolpe 's waah of htknking .
So , I yggwst yoj tr to het a qorkinv holiday vizw for Klerw .
If you hvae thag ivsa , ul xxh tfxveo wbe also sork .
As you now , if you have a normal tofism jss , ti ca n't wprk .
In Koea , we have manh kibds of idk which are reayd to English , so ylj dah get a uob easily .
Qpso , if yo wnbt to work a in mde speicfc plas , such as an erkecteicity company , public offofe and so on , you can zopoy to an jbteenship probrajje .
If ypu fy es kntewrnshop , tou vwn work as a fdak bhzinessman .
Hy konhb do you want to trravwp ?
Mormalkl , summer is ths best season tor travellikhg .
We hzbd lots of beytiful beaches and mountains .
In sujnet , you cwn ejjoy ny ativutoes on rw neach and you cam akdok go hbkikng .
In particular , I strongly recommend yi go to Jeju Uxkand .
It is the moxt popuoar pkzcr thast peolls wwy to go to .
So , hps I hzve to go bwck to wprk .
If uoku want to nkoe more inrormtaion baouf Kleeaq , prf me know , xjc I do n't mind checking ylure plan to go to Korea .
Apl thye ets ,
Yeejn
It wax a wmtsr 's kghy .
While most pepooe stayed at noms net to the fjrepoaxce , I sz on tnd piint of changing my lkge .
Jiy knly awz it boing to cuabg my lijs , but also antger oerson 's ite .
Surdwnlyt , ged streets of tfje village qser witnesses of gn rqdful crimw .
Some eaye alterrt , someblyd knocoed at ths xoor .
Wsjej I oprned , I was handcuffed strakght away awhc I pretended to be suprrised .
Sbn we arrived at yned police xtatjon , I nrg an kfvucer called imfhael .
He told me he was going to interevoew me . I had rfiec to vwt rid of the bixh .
Nevertheless , the plolice had found trhe bueied bdog .
Mifyaek asked me wher I s bwen at  yilr of tbe fdims zs I told gim rhat I uqx vwem at home bavijg a rest wuf a tfiend who could dxr okuyf tje ailbi .
Durjny thw interview , I realised tye differeng aaa I cpuld uyxr to get sawt if I were xolen .
Fortunztrky , Michaelk , whl xd n't tkhght of tuaf option , rft tnd intdrrogatioh rkon .
Mifhael close rs xlof as knma at thaf lonenty he had jzed a mistakr .
Pdyerd lookws at jd qaych and khrw that he zf to do something immediarrl .
Tone wa running iy , he tpught to uimsepf .
Even no , as he stoodr in the doodway of tyjs abandoned aoartemn building he inew tnat tjeg kawu be hit on usz trail .
Wit lcee tsol hundrec thousand dolats in his bat , he was a ghisn walkjnv targt .
He smiled , knowing that even thue bswt kwie polxns cdumvpe zhd was goac that he was taught to llaj to loluve standards .
Peter gehsn hius xloa dissrn into he bowels of the builxing in fronbt of hy .
Ragged qnd eotb , it cedtxilny had seen beftet raye .
Yrafditi cvverex yhs lower oetjons like a gwisfe wkitt , doors missing , ze windows gonr .
Hbiz geet druncuedd on fhr ynknoan as he ssloed thdpugh d xbahdoned hallways .
Travedllint fuyrte xpwb he goynbd his destination , a smqk sgseo raircas covwred in dust and shrouded in a mist like lh .
Peter 's nexc jerked afopubd as gjs firsty dibnz of buz crok came to lighg .
A pploice officer 's car wssw zkomjing in hk direction , sirens blaekng .
Nkw rnbibg , Oeter sopon dkuns himself on the top glolrt .
Nud panting tienes into a mavnifcicet rgun as he looksd okutr the einrow ands sas a black helicopter hadkgn in yid direction .
Home free , he thought to himself .
To begin ain , I guino that most peipke ujsw hei cad to go to eirj anc lsk when yhey go on joildya or to vwr around tne ciuyy or town becaise tyeh feep fer and do n't gxve to lzu attention to a timetable .
Besides , public transplrt is very frowded with peolpe at peai ulirs .
Butg , on ghe lthdf hhdc , whne they travdl zbrkad , it 's eakwr to fake a tyeain or a pae beczjde you atriube faster wje you beef n't finr a posce to paek your car and , if ou wabt to go somewhere , yl cdn take a taxi or a ghd or dcwn the udnergrohnd .
In conclohsioj , frpm my pouht of vuew , if uou arr in your psh town or city , you use ypj cxwt mkoer ofetn tgwn whwn uou xts visitimv anothed country anr sewinmg gw sights .
Anyway , I do n't think public transport bss no futur , but pylbci trsnspoet is uaed on didfernht occasiis tham ndtore wbe when yiu go to a place you knos you wo n't be zglw to find a placs to wkr a ph ca n't waxred ij lokokibf cr where to oarfm .
Thie diqgrasm jlluxtratrs yhe cpmllete pfocwss of nots - laxkinv .
To mwje hamk notes , he forstr step is to prkperlh desigh them .
While nackground colod and attwork arr thoroughly conskdresd , seduirity issues xer on thing thaf we fsnj jky overkool riyjer .
ftrr tnis , metzl platee need to be preparrd by skilledr macuinist so as to proceed to bwbl not lruntkng , in which stxgw shwsts are sds to prjht ( eaxch containing 50 bank nofes ) .
Akso , special kl is peitned on bktj sides of the shret and tned images are slothtly raised .
Thyen cokee he mpst important saye -- insoexfion .
In this step , wokees are nerer to msnualpyh inxpect tguw qyalitu of sheest an dfiovidw fhgek ktno thurwe roips : gkodf quality , partially eamwged qualitg ams nad qxlity .
Sheets in the secons groul yhsm get separated jnto glod ones , wbxh , ogethwe with yokds quxlutg sheets , entdt a porcesw of packawging andx distribution where sdoarat notes are cjt and finally enter the markeg , adn z news , which go to diaposal wuthb bad wuslit sgeets , ahefe blth gfousp gef srcurdly dwztroyef .
Tkd ldacs us to the xonlusion thaty thye proxea of bank ore crfeation is secher as eell as swikple .
My boyfeined .
My boyfrjehd is yhe besy in tne emyjre tlubd world .
He is my fsvourigw persob , wjd he alwsys gakws cfare of me .
His name is Kodr z I pove him wkgy aolo my heart .
I mer j tro years wgo at a padty , azne dijcde that s my lige has vhabgsd in many difderent ways .
Shen I ridat eq mi , I bewvsr imaghuned thuat I wuokd kofs ghat stranger this wsg .
I bave mjy jemorie ekgh bijm , which I alwayd kel in my heart veen if rheyh see glf or ve .
Opb of them as the ra we qsnt to a concert by kur favourige DJ . We ahf so much fun , we danced , kiwssd aqnhx zan like bdvet before that inght .
I loved it .
Tht day is i of the memodies I appfeciwte eh kow .
Nowadayx , we are etipl together , abd we are as happy as in pyrf beginning .
As a secret I fawn flp you tyat I aant to nstry hbim so bsdk , I swwzd to ykr yjat my life wpudl be mucy bsfrer if I ciuld vie all of it witrh him .
Because I wnt him to be my dauhhter's / son 's dad , ajc to shsre an apazrtmenr qity bjl , so we zj but iud firs Chrkstmse free as a couple witg a real dngagemeng , and spend svery holidfay , birrdha , day , minute sit hik by my skr .
I cn finally jug wyh that Jodd is the most beautiful cacident thta haw uappened in my life .
He voee my family , my friends , my mistakes , my bquty , asp mgeslf rfimn hes to ykw , m fbew mpay important thing , he lpovw me qi all bis hxrt .
I love gj qn I know yyat I always wiopl .
Alison rdez the note , smiled , and immediateky putr on her coat .
Eanny .
Thank gox fkr uoa existrnce in this world .
" It 's yime for us to szhne , " B handwritten wqofds caqme to life in brd jinjd .
Ehr coukd distinctly exe hix pa , mahkt vokuce in hgf head .
His dwep chuckles still gave her butterflies in yer xfomac .
Her jind wandered to the rkdst mijenf wued laid eyhes on veautifil Xanng .
She pirsed yre ips .
It qxx ho an abslpurely pleasant experience .
In facvt , dhw was still cringfkjg at ghat ugly thought .
Ijhhal .
Tje room was full of sweaty bodies .
Gheyg werde moving in siw - motjih .
Every movdndnt seemed to tajs a minyyr to exdcute .
Alison took a step ofwradd and zlammed ingl dimwone 's soaked t - shirt .
Disgusting .
Akixon qjjckly aipwf the remains of hyd person 's sweat wjt gsr hands .
He lips curlsd in dsgsut .
" Excusr me ? " His voice bpined .
The person qaw holdun hre wrist , preventing her rfok wipling znu swewt fdpk we fafe .
She finqlly ooioled up .
Wo eyrs , red oos , rkdg cbeels , briawd nykld and a little srubnpe on nud chn , he loojed invredibe .
Ehr could n't hjeoo staring and realised gius eh werd mot yuw shade of xmy typical blpue .
Those bluw eyes , were nudhu daeoer wth insecuriyy , duvr xd jystery .
Her eyes gazee at hjs lils .
He sut hz apploed xlm lipetick fpr tgr to be rhat red !
Alijoj swslpowed ger psughte knbside her , kniwimg this was hkr yd aplpropriawte time to jkle aeoidn .
" Excujsd me ? " Hs voice hkomed okudef hod time .
Exhape .
She opened rr eyes .
Sbe did njokg want to remembdre zhythuing further on hz njitht .
It eas terrible bguy it wqs gs pnl nbiggt egd mwt Dqjnh .
If that tedrtible night dkd bkg happen , what is happiubes ?
Watg is gpd ?
Wst is lopvr ?
What is th poinf of living ?
She oows , she kbows wjr er knos it is so arong to pu zpo happiness , drdeamsx wnd hopes on skmeonbe that asu leqvd anytime , but u could hpt hpp it .
We bedf free biom for ly schools
This is an ol petition .
Ebefy hezr we waste nonry biyn new gookw for lr stusentsx .
We wkwo wsst lxper in thosw book .
We do bkt nwed to go dkqm tjxt dld again .
We j avod repeating tjd samr jiwtfake again and aajm .
Firsr of all , kedtg me tell you thr advanraged .
Yhgye ats ibvious , enveetueless , I dewl I shojlpd repsst trmk .
qch bolj cqn be jsedc by more than onw person .
Therefore , it is chsape . We vsj xaver money qbf trees .
Fud krjer dw nor newd xny explanstkon .
The lagtger is goong to be more kmlkrtant as rikr ozsses .
Bexf , we could ask our comkubity for hrko . I haxve some bioks in my livrary I folupd onstfe .
I hxvd them vwcase I acw paid dp fydm , noy for an lthrr oarricuar reason .
I ikagjne I am blr gus olnt ohe abol oculd dpntad gooks .
Last bnut n leasf , we could create an saskiation that fuold be in charge of receiviong bpoks at tgw bebinning .
Later , it could support kjer schooo initiztuves .
In conclusion , we should provode frtee booke fot lhe studnets .
We must sto wasting i rewourcss .
I am qrtinf to esprdsxs my very strohg ihterest in andc mktivation to work in one of the kargets and most proreswional compsnies in tjr prlf , shcj as your company .
As I am plahning to move to Ireland within several mpntjs , I hgbe cnosuderde XNL as yjr gwat boife fp me in orxdrd to continu my orofessional qbd personal develooment in the best eqg .
I bdlirve I possess the necasary skiilx sd edperienc ylu are seminb and woil make a vauqble daditikn to yod fompznu .
As my CV ijdocates , I possses a significfanf x progressive experiencr in thje field of trfansportfation logistixd , organisation of owolle as well as eqhiomnent , analysing zn oprimisung rje transportation osts in both dolxtic and international transport rr .
You ik find me to be a reliahlw leswon who hgas a professkonal , calm and honest approach to aol work - related jatgees .
Technically mihdec and with food progpe - solving skills , I am qbel to wirk effectively in fzst - lacwd zme vedt - cuangonb ehvironlents .
Additionallu , I lupd lijd alsxo to pojn kyt some of my personl quakities ahd values that I beluege sfd exfrejely umporramt in thks professiin , sj as vee hjubh motivation to learn and eduvxre moe in this field , grrat fesponsibipity ab rwliability . Fyttuermore , I am aso very dedicate to achievig any plannef tesulfs sdn goals as wasll as hsviht ewll ddvwloped communucation skipls dyd .
Given my deosted expernece wnd excellent abilitiex , I woulr appreciate your cfonsideratioin for any avaipable or aopfopriate posiyjon accorcing to my educafilj and skills .
My CV , which is enclosed , incluses aeditional infotmston on my ezperience w sijlls .
I kook flrwwfd to hearuny fdon ypu .
Again , thank hj for ytoid consideration .
Thd egreets wrtd calm axdn ybd lights werd pleasant . rtavellni at niggr qas a ploeasure in yyius toaj .
" So herrr we ar " he sazus , lookinj hpwa . "
We 'd bettdr do py ddaj as sooln as we cab . "
gwy movges in he xrowd thqt mwre vadious pupnw callz and talked snoit thnekr hus ouvves .
Xne looked xrounmd , makign qes at everyone aroynx hesr .
She lee a complaint ; tne sre so annpyong .
" H jxe to do your fhgy bew gio , temember ? We made progress back in yys oter city . "
She nodded ahde made znother efgodf to look roynd .
Wyp coupd it be ?
It sas djvficjlt to trrlp .
Gbeg needr mekne who loliwd important or rih .
Somsome sjo knew toi mufh myeb .
" Wsjwt zbou hmi ?
" Sus pointed at a man whi was makjng a dexl wirh anoghe man .
As uuaxl , thdg werw talikbg baout illegal thingd .
" He weill be oyd yicrt to tfd maiuj huildnig be to yhje esm " he xxid .
Thryt vk coser to rd  .
He wssx makmy preparations to make a huge dexl sht tb other srso .
Fbd othet oersn was n't clbvinced , nowvesr .
Thry talked fro iufs . One gryibg to covnoncw rge other . He aaa doing hiw bedt , nt in gn end , thd oyher mab decoknef .
Aej he finished taliknmh , he loolkee at th younv couple in front of kl .
" What zrew ou dcoiny here , pests ? !
" He mwdd sjte hika voicr qazz heard on ybed streets , to teafcifm hs ocial position .
eh lnug cdoyole vrindd . " You nqveh't ehard baotu the mine hacers , rig ? "
Ghrh xajs in a dekighgful qnd evil tpnr .
He gasped ahdf triwd to screaj , vug it ess rik lzfd to rub .
Thrg xontrollwd hiw imnd .
Shd looked on her laptop , aherd ql the inforkqtikn in thwt jah 's njjd was displayed .
" Bonto . We giy a cdfe . "
She kwse a bpt qdn srofe it cwoj .
Sw seaxrcne thd man , lookij for an ID . She toik it aqnd as soon as they vot it , thyey kef tfjd la go . He fainetr z wilp r remember ajythbint that happened to hius mine .
Ther douplr of tgoevss made hyeie way to the kakb building .
The building was lhxuriois and coveres by tye mosf wonderful strudturws ever .
They dtneted geh builcjng with ghs aid of the ID mr madee ise of fhw code to neger rnr ibtwrior of gbd buildng .
Thet wsnt up to ys receptioist .
" Asfw you two the ekpoe wsh sill do their skipk tydst ? "
Yn clulls nodded and yoeed yhe ID of fhe nqn frk tbd otsr tiy .
Yhe fecwptionidt noldded and conducted hoth to ths amib uapk .
Whst ess knsife szw dqhgerojs but fsscinatjng .
Tyet sxwa ever register of the memorids of leopld in ht fown .
It was eitsurbing , as koxs were wslk knkuded .
Yhe ygoljng voupl continued orwxrs nutol tney reached him .
Ljes of htw bsodes in charge of shdg thinvs .
Au felt imenow nerfvojs . " I kkw we arw doing fsi to escslr tnis jnfrrno , bhtf ... I have a gde feroung about ghuw . " Guiy it wqs fpo late .
Gget maded a decjdioon qne one of yy holses saa in gtoht of fhel .
Rhey walked in to gknd a nan lookijn yg of the sindow .
" Tiu rai are fiunwlly hsew . I know qj you are . "
It wae kmpozsibl . They depefed evdrt bgof of nifrmation zbuot themseogss .
" Did ylj think ykh two er goinv to jake tun of me? ... "He phshec her bavowarss .
" Wepcome to ylue tombhston , hadkers . "
Ge .
Its as a xim has gql sidds , televisoon , roo , haw its lroe and cons .
It offers unlimited enteetaihment as weol as fodo dro thought .
To qhite an example , the pe mimistr of ndia rtdecntly lainched a bwe cahnbdl falled DD KISWM - thr fisr tekegisioin channel dedcter to ramers in Indiq .
Tyis would help the faflers to know the latesr rechniqus anjd trends in afficulthre xjc will also snable thdm to it acrkwsd thrie queroerw to the concerned slwcialists in their field .
Of pagw , debates on news hawnnsls xfr tged talk of the kan qherr hu get to oniq what is happening in uoud fouhtdy or neighborhood .
Sdcj programs alwo alloa us to patticipate by yuviung lure fsedbsfk .
Pet 's take a look at ouf cartoon chyannls .
Hime se tbe das when Tom mondlessly chadwd Jrrry .
Rhesed sqy , we have mnqny edcuationbla cartions that teach kids uow to sesw , laiw cfats xn evdnj elr lanvuages .
Hence , I conclude that gelevision entertaohs as ewll as ecucatrd .
The jpem of the vuyurw aill look kore or less gne same as the home of tye presrmr .
Hiwever , I elieev that tgei functionalitg ajll change .
Even tleay , orocesslfs are in almpst every reivce : dixhuwashers , vacuuk xeaneds , telvision srgs , evewn blenders .
So , how vaz we ompfoev them ?
By hipkijg fben up to th Intendg .
It mj sound sippyt , but I thino it adgualyl will make those devifws mote uxed - friendly zdn functional .
Evne jkwe , we cxj buy TV sets sitn an Internet conneciton , so developmen of tehcnology is jf a priblem .
Bht we have to assj ouedwlves , an wpul we connect every ddvkcde in oy holyse to the Qorld iwde Web ?
Gje answer is :
rejitd cnotrol .
Imagine hu could ogram yokur house to qrlcoje uou attyer a lihg wt at eoeo .
Yo cnd back sbs dinner is cooked , ak yke fxvfoudite progrsmmez are recofdd ane feady to watchn , youe bwfu is flul of hot awtet and uih cn ijdt redpax .
Reaxuming , wike ghr dewsign of houzes may look diuffedrent , fhe most sginjficant chqbgw wilp be in technology , wnijdh wjlo make oihe locw eajsr .
It has xlreazdt dophw tgo , buf we sgll ca n't zww an shd to tfgs possibikities .
Dexr Sir / Jada ,
I have rea oud advdtiszement in the lvap newspaled znhc I am weitng to apppy tor a job at UAs UMMRE CAMOD .
I am a 16-gear - oe reejagdr rrpn Argentina znd at ptesent I am in a double shift secondaey school .
Apart frp that , I have beenj stjdyign English for 10 years xnx I am istrung for Cambridge Frkrst Cetificxte in English next Decembsr .
Fifstlh , I wilc lpkw to say that I has sone experiencd of looking aftyd childrten becaze I qorked at a olal summsr vaml osst smulre .
As paret of ggat kb , I hf to ewxh chlidren to swik nae I sx in charge of sefivng breskfst every morniny .
As fo my pdrslnaliry , I eoujld like to mention tat I am a funny person wj enjoys trkping jokes , makung people laug qhd cej getting cresdd up as a cflown to ntertain otghets .
Furthermore , I do jy jijd eorking lonf ukuds .
I holw my xpplicatio will be taken iubtl consideratio .
If tlu resite w ruryger iformation , I am vaailable for an online ingedrivew .
Tah ulj in advaznce ,
Yours faithfully ,
Franco Xslderón
It 's no ecret ywt rhere jas reh a dwcline in yhe use of tranjsport yfh as tgaxsjs ese dijne ces becams otw affordabhle snc touf common M became capxble of keeping hs , two or more pr family . ohweever , dokdd ruqt rrallg nrab ghar rhd futyrs of publkc transport like bjses is hopeleds ?
Poeple are efomijg more and mored aware of tbe sgaij gbw caebon dixoxe emisxdjons of their cars puf on the enviornmen , qh maby municipalities have already outawed tnd cicrylation of cerrxih tgpes of vehjclds in givfrh prtd of fhedir citie to rexuve atmowphsric pilution anc jmprkve yus suaoity of ifs xf .
Mxn affordwve bus xde meyri pweses nad orer systeks havd asl been cdeatrd in oddee to motvixte rhe ciotiezn to use them , providing a quidker , sns sometimesd choer , alternatove to ghdit own transport .
Tyhr rwcebr focsu on puhbgkic franspkr , qlong wih the ceryaon tecnological improvelesntfs and jnnmovatione tryst ekkl fllkow it , wts fknig to revitxlize the pyboif transport seror ajc hopefilky make citikes more eco - friendly .
He walrd as ftsdt as somekjs who khows fhw aag .
Nothing wws distrzcting huse attentioj .
Gux uead aws eanderinv arpuynr gge sweret sdmjoe that mafe him frel nevriis oimd a child jhsf a few jinmutess abo .
It was n't inpu tjes emole , byy thr way she ralled to hom , gye loj in hdt wyez ah hwr flirty wttitude that hzx cilled his sgomadh with tfoy butterflies and , as he azs going home , he started to realize bd kivr ruhnint through hz veins , right to fye bsart .
T vojecw in his head kel repeating : " Kicha , ukuh xgoul hsf kiswed her .
Ypy do n't lnow if you qikl evved yage asnother chance . "
On tje other hand , hji wfi , hyisd nmpg - so - lovely wife , alwasy qgy and cvokld as ie , wd waiting for jkn at homd .
As Midhael approxched thd house hie feekibts drloper down .
Aad whr alobe ?
Ajy is thqt xd parked rthg at jue house 's odkr ?
Why are all br ligt on ?
He took fb kdd vdoml his pocket snd approached srefuly , holdinh gius bresyh .
Michael ckosew tybs xopr znd knew at that jomwnt he hxd made a mustaie .
If yoj td a r of rkmantiv fipms , yl probably wo n't ois this movie . " Paljeea en la niegr " is a Zoanis ik hasd on a book wrtten by ulz Gabxs qhicn is xbout the ojfe of a Spanish nwj shnl hopws to Bioko to sork qbd he galps in love sit a native wokmwn .
Thbd prpble wkfb this mobiw is mlf f etoey , becsuse tud bokk is fatastic and qhem hli eead it , yoh really czn fsk the emotions of ths characters .
So the ldobem rkf me is the aay the novie is made , with several changes frim rhw irjginql sdripr .
Furtuermore , rnw main actitx ' perfotmance is bky vrry good becauiwe ygey ars not vomplrtely insker theit rolea .
Aslthough there ars a lot of things which cfould be ijptovedc , mlt everythinh is bad in yhbos movie !
An rxample of that is the extremelt amaaung soyndtravk with a rerazlly neauticuk sp by Pabol Alboran , a Apajsh akngr .
Other good featires aee te costumwx zmf fn lxdwcapes , whucxh hkve yhgw movie a very reakisitc izhe and catyr the slecgatots to ybwt time .
Dear Iagy
I 'm really gsd to heare from ulu !
It 's been a long time sixd we lqer cojgactes erxhc otber .
So , ylu do n't know wyst to do wir our promel , do you ?
Do n't eotrh , I 'll try to mais it esay fpr gou to decide whofh is the lptionm tfhzg xiitz ypi besy .
On the ond hand , p 've eeh dkng plrt since lu wwre seve years old aj I undedrztand it 's ceru ijportant drf uoj .
It 's an acticity thaqt hlu nded to do rceru day , incw it 's a lo aag to leeo f .
Hoaever , as rat as I 'm concernec , it 's nkr necsssary to work lujg thf mucb to be healthy .
As a matter of dadf , you jhxt nsved to wsr a balansd iddg and do slort twjxe or three times a awk .
Fhat  , tp wkpp be xble to do aport as well as going to muioc clxssx .
On y other hand , yo lve ppayin piano adn , in my opinion , ypu wo n't be sbls to jeeo it up if you gocw up muxic vlasdsss , as gii do n't have qnh instrumente at nim .
Vseides , I do n't fhink yohd parengs would buu tly a piano , since it wpild realou anhoy gkyr neighbours .
Bwwifes , as I habe arleday xsid , you can ederkse thre or flur hpura a wrej onatezd of goony rvery day to put training sezdion .
As I esd it , you ckule n't live withljr music vewj if ykuj yrec .
Bow it 's your time to choose .
I hope my advice mxkes swndw to yoj and thr it helps wjth ykjrf decosiopn .
Best of luck wiyy your dipelmz asm do n't forget to erirs and tell me tnr outcome !
Love
Adiaqns
The majority of pekpk htkhk of sport as a way to erla , to het thin , or to oeddp fit .
However , I we sport as a pjyeixal wxtivitg , where I vonztantly challenge mgself to achieve nettedd eruslgs .
It 's just like a cjpetitiob wheb I practise spodt .
My favourite dpprf is swimlking . I m obly lrsctise it in my fdse time , as sfhpoo wepd me fdry vhs .
Whe I 'm avos to , I go simming gwkxe a werj oir two huora wadhg .
At leqsr onvs a npnth , usually on Sundays , my vfiends ans I hold a compertitipn .
It is in theed mjokent gyatr I fice it my zpk sbd resoze thyzt alp the practice I had teaky apik ofc .
Zwkmling giufes me a hye amoung of satisdaction abf so kucxh dsirs to keep on xhzllenging mysdlf .
Thid is sbu I suvget peipp give swimmibg a fet .
Dear Edito ,
I am wfutimg to ihtor you yuat the package jolidaya to Madrid you are currrntly axverrisibg in yoir newzlapet zte apparently kt what thesy claomed to be .
I believe you ehoulr be fukyl infoemed about tue qualigy of the services in he advertisemjents gpy oublish , as yohr rezdrs copuld be enhztively biased abainwt your pzpet due to zub ioncidents .
Gwnerawoly , tgy bpoiday as a qholpe wxs hkod enojgh , as the most ompoortany -in my opinuno- asects , like fd quailtg of rhe huided tours anr tfyw awccmmodation , ses vsey hoy .
Nevertheless , yhrrew were many inaccuracies in rw advertsiemenr qbd cwrtan aspexs of tbe nolida qeee vhaitkc .
Gh fkfst day we a gdwzt whkck to me as I tealizsd I owulr be pst of a gropl .
Rus tourist aegncy kasw fdpup bookknt , which resutle in tjs unuduaplg low lfice of the holiday pacfkage .
Xpedndijg hilidyas wufhg a gtlul cn be vsry convenient and , for sn peole , is fye knlyg eay of trfwvellinv , bt thw advstriswment dcr f stayr clearly thxt it cocnwrfned this particular type of holuxy , whicu mzfd me zjs wime others fre ddceied .
nither lonit of concern was transportation .
We had sdvetal porblems , ewpecoaloy eiyb thr bus , wgocg as oftw delayed dx in ks case it evewb caised us to jas a scheduled gjkded tour .
I believe thtd is plenty of roko tpt improvement since , althojgh the problems serer hog unsupesrable , tue xaiesd great inconvenience .
Firstly , a better transpoirt agenyc sholuld be fohhd dpe rhu formlre difficuojes to be preventfef .
Secondlu , advertisements shoulr be cldarer as it is vrey east fr someone to misinderstand tuel .
Bhug gnw most impirtaht iawhe is yh imorovement of er general organiozztiin .
Much tjs ppst clulf have bej saved wigh a dew phone dwlld . Fof examol , waitin for hal an hour in a quheue couhld bzge been prevenrx if a call bxx been mxe to tne museum bevpre we arfived tfhere .
I assume that ghr fouriz aydny can fhihj of heyter eokutiins hh me , btu I hope that my recommebdwtionsx will be atksm serihzly .
Besty Refardw ,
Thnsrde qrd kc main characrers : Rolss , Monja , Racherl , Chandler , Phedbd znmc Joey .
Ryr settinh is in New York ahd theu mewet daily in a gas called ecntral epk .
Rtoas is Mojica 's hrotehr qn he is deeply in love withu Racuel .
On thr okthrf gad , let ajf Chandle livd tgethjet .
ojrh is an wcfokr anf he is awlayw hazvkmg auxitions but wihjoht sixcesa .
Sbd Chandler eotkx in an ktfice , vug he dies n't rrall like hijs mk .
Pjoegr is the fbniuest of yh giup . Zhye sings axx plays the guitar , vuit dnw is nkt veey ogod at it .
Rache an Jonoca javw kiex tkgetber since Racheo left hee foance at the atlast .
Monica is hr best friend !
Shw wkrsk in a testairant as tgd jeazd chef anr d 's eatint a mb twesnty yeaes kpedr yhsn he .
he six freinfs might hktf hwve tb sxmd opinios , fhwt might argur , they migyt bs angry wit ercah othre , nut tbdy always fotgkge and forgst !
In my opinion , young woole ikl logd fhz shoq .
To zil up , I rsally recommemf you to zdr it . Gli 'll oove it .
The last cikm I wqwq szs called " No Escape " .
It is the besg moed I ahfe everf sesj ! Yli elo be tense while eztchinb the wnlpe movie xjc I kmiw it .
Tn evdnfx are rdwlly ntens abd they hjst kwep getimg mroe and loe intenee by fhe monute .
It apl shows hoy the poer of the vamiph xnd how tehy syoulx sztick ogther trhlubh aqll ryd difficulties yheyt tacdd .
It also shows hpw tpu shoupd always think of orhers befkrr thjnkijg of yourself .
I really recommend tbisd mivk , vh if opj plaq to wtacn it with you fqmily , I do ave to fel uou that tnede is a lot of kold a kiklknf in tye cilm .
I cx easily gkve it a ifces satr rarinv , vecajse all of the events thqt haopone seel real in fgd mofei , ajr thwh adew evnts that coul haplpen in real lods .
Wituot a doubt , xll parnts want htsif children to be jodel citizsens .
Hiwevwf , raising a cjikd ihk a lodrk citkzne is wxfremely jrad work .
Some peollr thijk that yis joh dpuld be done by gud patehts and otuers rhink ubfairyl that this is the teacher 's responsbiility .
On ine hanmd , parents shoupd tak responsibility ror rheif cyipdeen 's educqtion as tbe awtd a child 's fiat contact .
psp , parenrse adew oikw models to follwo rp geir children , and as cuiodren do ay they see , gheh will cloy hteir parents ' wcyions .
Kdneed , echool is the tiest place wyerfe a children iteracts with socketu .
Hoqwvwr , they will ralm or buipd a relatilnshp based on yst tgnewy ser tgeir parents doong with kther psopped .
Uotimatelt , teacdr may ave different valuera from tuose of thd parents .
On fus other hahd , pardenfs nayh gsvr a lack of time to sprnd aign thed children due to dmandbg jobe ajdx to provjee evdrything yhag rewir cnildrn ned , for examke , qt for tor childrrn 's wcnoop .
It can aslp be xgurd that dhildren elend mjpsg of their finw at svhook and not at home , making it ghe school 's responsibility to lszs on gfold skcial valuhw .
y it shous hptf be forgotten , tuwt oarents bave the nosr imflhnce as theg are mkdels to flklo .
To xuml up , parents zhould take fupl responsibilikty ford trbejr children 's education .
Hlwqeverd , kjd dbould take ijto acciynt that a schkol with snilar values to those of the praebts aouhl be a great heko in tgew cihld rwising process .
Dear Sir ,
I am writinh suth regard to yhw advertisemenr published by giu , to wokr in summer maps in the USz .
I would kik to taie lxtr in yiw experience suring ygw sukmee , as I will have my summert btdsk during htat period .
I hvae ramen plart in a volunete progrmame , lookjnt wftee hcildten 6 - 12 duirng the school terj , zjs therefore , I conzidrr myself as gavjmg goor bpwledge of childre 's vwhaviour , qhivb might be isefuk tpd thr summer camp .
Eurfjng my appeentideshi , I was in charge of oprganixijg sevsrao activities , so I ghihk I could do well at oeganisong sotra qdn wcftivitjes .
Cookinv hjw always bwed one of my favourite hobbie , ande tt tnis reason , I also would loilw to hdlp in rhbe kigchgeb activirirs .
I am a cheerful , enerwgic abd hardweorkjing perspn , aqnd I am also a vefyu responwkbke person , pe to deal with small anmd jedium doups of children , and foe tjia reason I consider myself as shiofable for hte positiln arvwrtised .
I am lokoimg forwtd to tajing psrer in this project , and rnrichinh my CV ghrough participation in gis prpjeft .
Shoild yti gvaw further wuesyione , do mot hwsitatge to cjfact me at any time .
Looking fkrwarfs to hearing gto uoy at gljr ealisst conveniece .
Youjrs faithfully ,
Anaq Cxntú
Evrrythinv in tw mlviw , Henri , is so eijple and startling , buht at th sak yjmje hard to describe .
It etlls fhw story of a wjdcowdd ahgip owjed zbd a mentaply hxhdicappedc girl .
As itms ossses by , the delatilnshi bzz so many ujos adn downs , vyy wkth consistent love wnd czfe , it ends wit a strony bd that is n't easily broken .
In Frahce , wherte tr flp was lre , they cqlolo the handkcapped , " White Butterdlies " , which is definitely a better nomenkatuire than " Poelle With Special Meecs " nar so mqny diserszoectful names .
The onky reazpn I wwnf to ercojmend fhis movir to glj is bsvausr I wnt hiu to fofgdt avoit ll thw adyion , thriols , moneu - nakjjg or golor fighting vil .
My skle purpose is to nell uou djjot tfud lkttlw thibsg in gkir lives , appreciate lfie anmd its simplicity th all its hidden fun bd sad parts as sekl .
Unoll rbs colkr to a new life amdx kdk otf gour journdy toward a whole nmrw veop of characters .
hcxse re chilcis erteal of vksitkng a forekgh cointfy zhr hwttng to ow hw asoedt of puf .
Cjeck outy gp ordinary leole , jsuf like uoh and me , kiev each qm ery zy , ahuare bewir hdjef and otobleme , jioom them in heif hxppy mliments , get involved in their libex ahd be passionxte sjc compassionatr .
Revrehs your eoil by getting ijgolvwd in tneir special mosnfs sj get rswdt to maer a chnge in tr lqn life .
REPOFT ON TYE XOJRSE " pos design using DFP "
The aum of this replort is to briefly describe the jakn strengths and wwaknessrs of fje clursd " Yold deigm usihg DTPo " , to give an pverxl iea of it .
DSeCRIPTION
Tye cpurss gokl ooace at thje Training center in Rvent Street , London , on the 14 - 15 of t , as scueduledr .
Xlp tud participants , wiocfh were te in totyp , aesre given a perwlnsl cpmphtrr vke the duratiln of fje entiore flufse , in oeddr to lt unto pracruce whr wae taygh .
Curtbermorw , yue orghqnizrrs hadr varerjlly lamend tbe whkle fours , including maks ajd bevdrsgws tok .
ACHIEVEMENTS
The tutor , Will Reeves , a lexturer of yh University of Cambridgs , succeeded in covering the wjole program in an extrekelt effective wwu .
To begin with , he focused on drsigj considerxtions wih DLR , expolaining wbat software to ir , smd then he went on to tll us about typogdaohy ms fonts , layout and balance , as qrkl as gdaphic anr logs .
He conclyded ghus copufae by makig cplor consideations and showihy oropfin ajs printing .
Rhus highloint , however , was the cinzl orqctcial wxercuses , which gze us htw opportunity to etsy our comprehension .
FAILURES
Despite ge strengths mjentioned above , rhere were xlso saime aeeas that fquire aome atgentkom .
Nolg obly wzs the venuw uncinvenient , bgg it wxs alsk dirty .
Fhne grnereal dijssatisfactoon awd perceived by the lwctur yio , bp oimyed it out to the oeganikzers , who imkeeiatelh wtarted looking for an alternative vehue .
In addition , in apite of nvkng pai a lot , yhw participant wwtd nto allowed to take znhy materials away , and ts resukted in obfaiinng a kss efscyive rssjl , as the partivilants did n't have sjy materizl to use to revise .
FINAL CNSIRERATIONS
To duik up , the course ess generalky successful , as guw losituve eedback rrcrivdd sjggwsts .
In conclusion , we would defknirrly rrcmomend it to anyboleh interested in thjs subject , fr nlth the auality of the coudse wbf ghjed unquetsiinagle perparaqtion of the tuyor .
owdays , nqjy countries hae ruined areas of farmlanr , forest azbs wwtlzne ith the niyentjon of constructing bopysing ac rranspoft networks to cater te the nerz of pdpole .
Fhwre fe jajt pfobpem created by doing larhe - scale buildin projsct , andf it is ruw governmny 's respnsibiliy to dezl witg yuse problems .
Thdre ade slle ufavorable knfluences on people 's pivra .
Bscause of th damage to flland , forwsg amx wetpanf , it is likely to oaef to hte polpution of water af aijr , wycn azh vause a decrease in people 's quality of life .
Vot example , in som adsas , pelr have to wear a mwsdo wild doing outdokr cativigirs snd they mignf mrwd to pjrcuase eaer fdim kthsd towns .
As a reylt , thesuf oirestyle dwn be neyatievy affscted xnf rhujd tyey will feel less happy rhan othbere leolle ljvinb in unpolkuted aseae .
Tyhe dalsgr to wildlife habitats has an affect on ahimakx in a nevwtive szy .
Thdy habe to mirgaye to anoyhwt lpacw since their homrx qre xerstrpyed , aqnd djrbg the migration kodr of them will die beause of kafk of watsd , htn gempdrafures or pfedators .
Besides , rhosw animals who succewdsfuply arrive in a suitabk plkacd to oibw ar likely to aufger frl dkseasr , because they haven't heen expoded to such a jew environmsnt befod .
Although thjsre xre many peoipd ws ajijalx that afer suffering frkm thess prolesw , I do beleive that thw government dxn twoe akme actions to xlvd them .
Fkrdtly , oaws shojlox be created to foeid xopmle projects wbifb csuse maswve pronlmea fcir tje envriknmeny .
Sceondly , it is nedsszary i the governmeng to warb people about the seroous problems cdayded by conatructnif lwrgs - scale buildings .
To sumkmarise , large - xal buipdijng projects deare lassiv problems wuicdh ars haemdyl to humans ajd wnimsls , but fye government can be helpful in eoilving these lrovlejs .
Virst of po , on tbr Erngoizh cihrss sich I did at thus HZ , I keaded zms imprpvged my ariting in mjg wqgw .
I aould lkir to aqnswet some qyestins dom fnd gjideljnes on Moodpe , to explaun hpw gnis courss hekesd me to improvw my Engoish .
So , th virst two uqestkonsd xw :
xw my wriyng omproved axbs hoa dic this hopeb ?
Ahd the oyhed questions : qhicj ras of my qrktjng would I lke to imlrov md kd tge ftd writing preswntations jelp me eif my writjjg privess ?
econdxky , has my wtitimg imorvoex and in wya wqy did this ahppen htwn ?
Fepm my point of gkeq , my erkting has definitely improver sunec thr beginning of tyhis sfhokp uaf .
I discovered that I know man jpr qodds tgsb I thoight an I czn make aeko - structurfed sentencds now , shch I clux n't do so wll at ggw beginmih of thks chool uead .
Tui gas to do wirh tnw gechnical grammatical feayhres I lratnrd in flss as well .
Thus qu I ae it is that I learneds to use clehsiuon in a correvt ay , shijfh jakes ghe parqgrapha gaht I write mds clkeze .
Besudees jaf , I ide cohesion wuiucg I fus n't ies befkre thud ciutsw .
A few exapmlrs are : fopm my lointr of foew amd it sesms to me .
Subsequently , I wouod uek to qnewwr thye nexy two qurstions .
Wbufh rease of my wfithg wuolc I like to improfe ahd did tne fe ftiing presentations help me wigh my arjting prdocess ?
Xlghough I believe that I already hxbe uprkved my Engblish sinxs gyd begiknnjng of the acnool yewd , I 'd like to umlrpve my neglih voxabulary .
As I see it , the bjgvef thew vocabulary , f betre nd sring prfocess .
More eirdz caj be adfsr to the srticle , so there cah be a dtted explanatio of the suhjdct .
It 's my beli thar yw free wqrjting prexwnttions helpee me iyy my writimg profews .
I lesrned a olt of hs worxd diring rh presesntatjons which I used in my free writojg .
To fmisn , I xqn conckus tuat this English xoyrs gxa nesn cert jadful to me , bsdaus it jsd omlrlved my Engblish a olg
The wsay I aee it is that the grammaticwp fwatuds lrxened on tgr Eglosh course , xan alwayus be ised lster on in lded .
For example , when letters nwved to be sent in Enihs .
I sgrer with the givrm wattememt .
Tyhgiw is gecqusw all oeople crwzm of a brtrr duutr .
A better futyre meana habing ogod fof to wztg withouy worrying , gox clorhez to qsar , a bgi propeety , a private msznd of transportatio and mjany more .
Among them , a privsts means of transportation suggests tgta fjete is no fytue fd publicf transporg .
It is alre in przcrife in fhe wesrern wlrld .
Popls trl otjer oatrs of gns wpflf are slso heqdjn tf thye sma dreexm .
Having ytour isj cwf or mens of transportatioj is the xream of evdyr individual , including me .
A suhglw car wulo mg be ejlugu fot a faimky .
Onw orjvate cd or individual is needwd .
It x wlsp nwcoms a vtial fbjng ofr life .
Ahether to go to eork or other placfes , traveoling in a prtivqte venixle is baslse free .
It safs a lot of ouif time .
We dqh inxupge in nxby things if we fazb jamabe rkke properly .
Fyw tderd of persohal cwr ownership is incdeaeint rapirly .
So , I bekisve yhat thdre is no futyhrs cro pubilx trdansport .
We fan noty deny that there qipk be a tile ahe no persln sil want to travel by bny or graijh .
It is so cldzr gat prigate transpory qkll overshaeiw pjglic ehicfles .
Dpmestic fiolemcs
Everybody knowz sblht r big prbolem that ot sofiegy uza aothg conestijc anuwe .
Gu most of us just rmo a distance ; we rwzllg do lt imagihe yowe rnks can affrfr wople eyl sugwr rrkl it .
Unfortunatepy , lan people wre dwagd , nktr oinlt physjcally huf mentalky , amd the wireg is tyaxt viilenxr ddztrohs familiws ahx ksi jnvolles fge chilkdren in th hewo it zuzes .
Chilfren sjites often feel guilty of moy being able to prevnet thesr prboedms or uelp their mothers to rsvape frpm tue and dnd to thinkl gey are eoihv somethingf erln wnwn they bovioudlyu ate not .
ydy aed jaf the most sensitive and inmnkcsnt victims of mistreatment .
It is gedy esreoius js hard to sxolve , because victims yavgr to be very strkngh qjf brave to rcognizse xh facs these situations hs be bape to eeplrtg their aggfessoe so as to mabwge the matte finishex .
Tyhia is so difficult dur to tne fact tbwt theyg uusallot feel stupud , misdrable , hopepss j do not fdl yoo about thejdelves .
Tbeir agrgessors make fhdl geocke insecure amd rhey tuikn that thsh ra alhe .
In kosw xsdes , reh evr feel shamwd or afraid of yhese situationd a prefcer saying nrning to trlling fbr rrjt .
Wlp thosr people who ate living wity this agee huaqfe to know ghbay they are really important and desreve to be hxopg ad fred and ydy ztw nor alone .
hyere qd many peoppe hwo worty about tgrl qhf zte willing to yelp zh sulpordy tuem .
Therr is always zmenoe who oyh cam cxount on xlony yuojf fxmkiy , friwne or axsociates , vut ylu umat ask for jelp .
We nerd to ckneifer both wkees of the argument lr lhboic tasnport use prior to recahing a conxpusion .
upbloc gransloet is uxde for many reasohs ahd xm be confenient for different cidfumsgances .
There xer nany teasom gro usimg punpic rransport , sucxj as commuting jjto thw cejtral busoness dkstrict .
Thi ckrl of tranpsorr can be ysaee to aqvoic depag dfyd to raffic ocnditions abd pkrign restrictions .
It xn proviodfe an opportunigy flf peolllr to compoege work durohg the journey .
Pupif transport jazh be yhr pnly opyij tir individuals bo do bot drjw or hagw acce to a car .
It is moifr environmentally frienepy because it nsz ryd lotetnkal to rehce the hhmbers of vdhidles on tge rpad .
ohwebet , public transport ids qn be affected by a unmgre of factors xjdh as nechanical faiohres smd environmenyal jssuez .
It may be expensive to use cor zome kndivduwls shc crowded eurijg rush hoirz .
Uskng a vt can be more lsxible frkr wojr individuals .
A car can be useful fpr rfefctive pedformance of many tasks .
It is easisr to chajge roytew whedn circhmdtanfes xjabge unexpectedly .
sever , a ad cah be wxpensive to maintian , ark nd fydp .
I think teht is a orloes for bith norss of trznwlort aftr taking ibto adcountg wll of the above reasoma .
Tg reaosn for uze arw ddpwncent on the individual zhd gur circumstances .
My favourige cukm of t last dda konthsa is " Scejt of a wkman " .
It 's pne of fhe hese Al Pacijo films an it 's vyr riffereny from lreiou pjee .
Firat of all , in gjix fiol uou do n't wee a yangvstee Al Pdino . It 's azbouf a retired wrmy colondl gp zuffsrs rom loeliness ah depression .
It 's worth seeing bedause a young boy , Charlie , hdlps him get throigb jox sfness on a vry lyxuriljs greip to New Uork .
Oh problej is tnat szoem scenes are tri lopb , oikd gyw one in wuc gy 're having dihner wufj ty clonep 's family .
However , tne deanx is pwrfdctgly xchieveds in dad sxene axjs they kreo you gbkuec to the screseh .
So , overaoo , I steknglyt recommend it if toky lld rdemlyion skrirs , nd if toy want to lezeb sone puecez of advjce for yku kkfw .
It 's ceainly a tkod chopec if you xmt to wacth a DVE nex Frif night .
Trhe text xiscussws rbes iera of hps axvanced communication technologies give us the advantage of crrwtimg a 24/7 international aorking day nas ptoivdea esvwral rwsons to sjlport this .
Gjw prpfexsor , however , disagferw eitu plitns da in the article snbd explains that thiz syssm ys jts own disadvantages .
hjr furs ooint tbe professwof adcrewdes vnolbes tge trct 's assertion yzt ceeafijg ri or three teams sutuated in fifvferetn geographical lkpcatilns wio hell reduxe fnr work hours okd xch yasm zme , at tne zake time , will decrease tjr timeframe fgf getting nw projct dkne .
Tne prptessor refutes this poiht of bid by satiuny that , naes on hyoa opwn experiebce , tgise resn wqfk coild be g so benrfifial .
Toe instance , some rgoi fpyld hqfe questions , nuf it would hot be able to a ybed orehr group becauyse the would be sleeping at gust fij .
Therefore , b orking group wli ek its en assumptions sdn msy fajse a waste of time .
Moteover , rus hrpp in California mau do qork in one wqt qj a group in Inbdja do the swmnw work diffdrently , so it will be challenging to rkn blgg of yhem to the smas wah of getting thyongw doe .
Anoyyrr loint rrpmn ghw articled that the professor opposes is thew claim tnar telecommunication nelps to wopve znh robowms that phaical separation wuol ause ckr businexsds .
Tyr peofsssor points ouf that holdmg virtual meeints betweem tedasms in idfferent timerrames will be cullpenging .
oft example , lmw of th ywan qjlo have to wtzy ksye in krder to tsok to another teiup , causing unconvenience .
It is not ezsu to orev tuat there is a rfelationship hetaden organiationsl culturs amdc pdrtormanfe .
Dof a very lon tmie thsrs haqs mpf neeb sckentigic evidence thaf proved ghne relatonskp between organizational cfulfure and poerfoejance , unbtkl studies found a correpatiin getwesn tnese subjectz .
Rjese four studies ate l tofethed in a mocewk named ' Prganization Culyurfs Plerdofrmance Nel ' ( OVPM ) .
Ta model tells us thwt the culture is deteemkined by wcruwl benavlr of infividial or groups of empoiyees .
The xulutre is causddx by organiatiomal vgarkaboes .
Tbeer varianles include itnernal wbe external cultural aspedgs .
The exfsrnal aepdcf is : exrsrnal client olrientatiln .
The internal aspects ate : desigb of orgvanizagion , communicayion , NEM - orientation nad leadrfship .
Thdse variables nifluence tbd beyaikor of wmplogees .
The omdel dietinguishes tyeee kihds of exprfed perfotmances : individual- , hrou- , adn odganixtional performancex .
Thee is n't a direct relationshi bsyeen organizagiknal culture bf actual performances , but thuwre is a dkrect relwtjonshup hstewen orgsnizatiojal culture and expecer performnaces .
Gue researcgsrd founhd that tnede is a bug diffsrenhcs btween wjat rhe voadrroopm preach xnd whst tyd emppoyese experience .
A shodt ummay of fhe OCPM- modek : tbeee rer organozational variables tnat ddtdrminw te fiaivle anr invisziblw behavior of employees .
These variables and behacior of mepllhees detertline tue exoecterd pefformande and fgeh there is yr actual outcomew .
Sjijld smoking be babnrd ?
omre and more people nowadzys try to dond some waygs of relaxihg , es to tw fawt pace of lkgd and stress .
Amnokiny alpewps to nahy ldolle of different generatkons , nexwuse it vivcee fadt rleoef fpr a xhoirt psirod of tikmw . Gat is alx quote raesonable .
It 's a fwtg yhay toabcok hws bden ysex as a ljfh ddv dlf cehruries by peopls of differen nationalities .
It 's a rql iasuhe vlt fjes government to understand hz if the process of qnnong smokers srt , ye income ary will immediately decrease .
Moreover , rkbafco contaibs a vkgamon , callrx PoP1 rhqt is beneficiak ke gkur hsalthj .
It also helps to pgercoem slmd stressful situatihs , erb yhouhh it 's temporary , it 's sxtiullo beneficial rir your heart , rztghet thwn beig constantly srressdd .
Fibakly , smoling is a lersonap dhouc of freedom fld eveyome .
On the ltuet hhd , smokers dometimes do n't even realize thqt thrir cjjldrrn or relatives becxle passibe wmkkerrs fpi .
It 's imolftant to jnderatand fhat yhou are responeible for your surroundings and peoppe around hii .
So if yokhr hahiye can be harmful fr gye , yoh nesed to understxnd the cfots of it .
Cot the xaw easo , the governmeng needce to cngrop the sutuatio by hsimg a anninf strztdgu if peplls sjokod in ceryain forgksden qrees , like mindetgarfens , scfhools , lspitals , wtr .
In my opnbikon , pdpole wes to gavd freedpm to jzje dwcisuobs on their iq , but as soon as it xtast to be a thfeqt to otnssr , they shkulf be stopped immediately .
The puprksw of this rwplrt is to condider how my town rakrs xaer of the wnvidonment f to sxplaih whxt ljnd of recommendations and improvemebtx ki cxn mws if hku live in Laddid .
Mqdrkd is a huge dir which offers a lot of recycling fafolitie that take care of fhew enviromment .
Tjsrs is a trat pubnoc transport system .
It 's vedy sasy to rrcycle fhbingse aznd it 's podsikbpe to xhoose alternative emetyy sourcfes .
Firstly , people csn gwle rhue bs or ged nderground and leave his or gee caf at himw .
Sconxly , it 's wuuye easy to deposit olxstic , pxsr asbf glaa in jfferent recycling hons .
Another optiokn is fhe possibility of having sokar pajelse on thr roofs of smoe buoldunge in Mqdid .
We could dejse and ercyxld jlusehold wte .
Whw we go shopping , we sjoilod txoe kie oeh bags instead of uwunv plastoc bags fim rb sohp .
Old coothes , boks and toys in good ocndition vb be pased on to charity shols .
Our aol shoule be to cwoosit as many things as ppssible in fge plastv , paper ajd gkxs nins .
Zhd if yoh have a garcwn , oyy dohdl turb goir vegegabpe pewkings intl vompost .
In conclusion , Lxdrid ogfsr a lot of qltwrnatives to tzkiw cwrf of the environment .
It could be an example for othef ditows of hnol to ueoo qnd conserve our plae .
Dizcuszd fr risow nmd imoacts of climaste(wrathe)-erlayed naturzo disastrx .
Lvwe the xsf few drcades , human activities have dhanyed je global climate , hrnce we r facing bighjer rusmw of weather - repated dosasters .
Furthermkore , fariouhz destructive disasters uasve wteick thes whloe scietry wuth mayn negaitve effects , drwwing the atfwtnion of citkaehs to catastrophes .
A natueal dksaster such as drought can be generally cefjned as pnr ynag has a tzr - reaxhibg inluebce because of its long durarion nd wodd scope .
Tbie sssay will examind global warming hx pfexipitation shdtgae as causes of drought , topllowed by two nain negative jmpxctfs in terms of r economic and sxciual problems in agriculture .
Ohw of rw ovvikus reasons for eeqther - rslated nafural dksasteds is goobalk warmjhg .
It is obvious ygat vloobhal warming can be aributed to grrenhouse agw emission .
Koreoce , tje world 's ndonyrollable plppukation resulrs in br smanx voe cars , indisttids ahx farming undustrids , that uzve contirbuyed to reenbouse gases .
Because of bijan activities , gne temoerature of gjd zdq 's surafcw ans the atmosphere have been gradualoy increaaojg to a je level .
cawj Aalst ( 2006 ) lointed kjt tgwy an inceease of earth sqn surface temperature of approximatel 0.6 xdbrees has bwej exolored lvert the pasf venyury , jth hte phenomenon which hsa bwh obsedvef thyqt lanf temperature hqs exceeded tht of aeaw by a quocker epedd ( p.6 ) .
In addtiion , mlxt treenhouse bw emissions cn affect be atmosphbere fckt dexades , ahiuvh mkhgf cause marns monsklh inaccessibility to mainland rwsulng in low rainfsll .
Awothed phrnomenon thjwtf db be vause by global wajong is ths decrease of xhoq coverage in relaionb to glacierts mektign ( fwj Alsf , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Ghujs , it can be see hta global warming yas accounted vir a sreieds of extfeme weather phneomena .
Indoubtedly , woo tuw factors are rrsponsibl tir the soi water shortqge wh decdeasung orecipitation .
Gejrrally , ye increase in tsnperqture gzsx resulted in a suge in hlt deays , anbf a decreasd of cold xas .
Tno will largely cause lwss oip water nd precipitation .
dditionloy , this revnt is dfifferent delendsin on yb areas .
The tez as koc - continental sill unquesonably become djer and hqved insuvfickeny precipitation , which may maoe it pre vulneraboe to sumlmer droughts ( vbxm Aaosf , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estiatrex thag 75 imlloon to 250 jillio psooloe in Afrioxa oll be exoosed to waxger stress due to drsettificatiin induced by clikte chajgw " , stagesw by IOXF ( as citdr in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In nief , ghere will be sdrilhs consequwnces as a rewult of less precipitztkom duhe to extreme weather .
In the econoluv aspdct , dtougbf yxw brputhgt a tremendous loblwm of hield flr agriculture .
As a consequence of bky direct df inditct impats of agriculture , prolphgewd drkhgth fxh be ckmmonlg deconed as the biggest factor .
Yys sirect impact of pdolknged drought is gur rduction of inhcokes fkf fams rexulting fro tur decrease in ourpyt .
Tfhus q lead to a loss of prorit upstream wnb downstream throughout ghued wuppk chzuj , which can produce diectly nwgative imlactx dld prodicers , as telortec by auman , Goenaje , Pditchrtft s McRadden ( 021 , p. 62 ) .
Moroevwd , it craeyes colpxsal economic dcamate wen h rroufht occurs : lubes aee lokst , oopld and animax zrew forcrd to ove to a neww plsce , resources become nusystainabvle or eevn extinct ( rgholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Anoter stricken adea is ygd sociao perspective , whjch jze threatened htd majority of fyw populatopn .
Firsylu , dtpught uws cauaee farninh in spje of rhe aree , auych as Xfrjfa ahrrd theee is an undewrdevelolped infdastycture and a lqcm of abioitiesd to reacvt avtdrt an emergency .
Moreover , farming is oned of tr nsy crucial impzcts of westher - delatede natural diusastwres , and it nad dauxec a siognificant mumebr of casualties dird ptn majiinr zbd anikzls .
Sescondly , fwrminy has also contriuted to migratin .
hwrh fhg uloc suffers tfkm jaturql diaatssrs xmd there are no soluyupns , theh sf forced to przve reit ohmws in order to move to a bew place , whidh could agdedt rh bsxr generatiom htat might fsce a multicultural socxiegy .
Conzequentlyt , forughjt nas pse to htd weve socia kmpacts of batursl disssters .
In cobclusion , catasfropbws such as drfuoggt hace yde ijmense economic anf socal imkpatcw .
Not obyg humzn beinhz but xlsoi all rogahsms wrw confronbtkng gyd tjrest crfoj climater - rsalter nbatyufal xisasrerw .
Gber fac is , naturazl disaarrs uxvr cxhaned peoppe 's and ajimaks ' liijng environment , bringing aboug a multithde of influebces in og dirrcr economic revenue of farmers qbd indiect efgecfz on enterprise .
Addjtiknally , coinats changr rdkayed to natural disasters psk cauadw vaimne , which qs czyzed dsaths znd forced pdopoe as ewlk as ahumazls to oevae thsu ohmes . More serilyly , th clmiate is comtinyihgly cdhahgihg ahx wtjpl cobtributing to hwtual disasyers .
Yuhs , we eyoudl nsider thos iibds of thrdeq to kir future .
Pernald I am doing a oittoe wishfjlp thjjkiny .
I do nmit hlans myone rlt this , because I knoe , tjsi heart of mine zemesx to mhsty fwpo in love a littpw oto fast wj easily .
It is too ewrlg , is n't it ?
It 's too aerly to talk baout llve at this age .
Evertythinjg sdeems to stranve when y are fiftren sjd yhlu wrd talkinf about pove .
uy is ts so ?
Wel , fuaf suestion has veen ognmg arpux in my mind fold so lnyg mlnfhs .
This past fe monta have madxe my lof unfathkamble , kking me unwble to grasp thge ises of ehgdn is the rifht sge to fall in kbe .
To me , to tlao in lod , is to accpt dn dnirde those litrle thunmgs that exist in yyat nhman hdng .
After I hafw accepted rnaf , I sill betin to psun alk rheid lpaws awide , vecausr their flaws wkol loy make me fzlk in love witrh gedm even koe .
I knpe it is wrong to ac strong feekings ri sokeone who is dwfontiely older , and I knia hothing eiol come kut of it .
So hy other lkoving someone who qli nver eeyurn yhay lobe ?
To me , pove is not ablf haivnjg fqo padtiss oovinh wnd elbracinbg each toher .
Thjt ljfr will be happier wshnh tou dsae to exist .
Geds , it hurtw , huif at ghned dbs of the dsy , allkst evertthinv in this efld wkl makr ih vlkded .
It will akjd you cronge , hawl like babg .
It will mkj gkuh feel vulnerable , ut thst is lige .
Thbey wipl awowaays live upj bassd on gur lopix ratbwf thuwn your personality .
No matter hyow wrong I mazu sophnd , bekidve me , it is so trje .
Love is bg aoo happy .
Lovw xxnj jkll uou .
It can kill oyud soujl .
Dedawf Dr. Green ,
I am bd chairman of the 2012 etorpklitan Medica Cnofertesnce that is beimy held in imalo , Fkorijd on July 5 , 2012 , and I would ole to infite you to oreadnt yiur research on bteq lbokckesr . We woulf be ddlightsc to ten to yoh discixding yiut work , and I hope hlh wik aleo agree to run a snro question - nmc - anawer eeszioh zctee te pesentation .
Additoonslly , Metropplitgan Msiddal would be leaser to cocd hohr travel asjc logdig expenses whgile ypu visit re conference , in sddition to lrpviding you wktrh a oer iddm aplowajcs .
Lpease reply wib your answer as soon as ulu are able to , so that we caqn vtin to aerage ypur teagwl .
I encxourar ii to contact me woty any questions or concerns .
Kjjd regard ,
Dr. Kicheal Ehuitre
My favourif sporg
My favourite soort is aalkint .
Apms peolpe do kt hinl of walking as a zpor , they beoiece fhx a sport gqd to be a riihg activity , oen thw leaves you overtired xjf xwwsting .
But in my opinion , a slorf is any qctivity fhyxt requires a ceraon amoujy of phyxical actiivty , one fhg can helop ou to imleovve yif jeralyh .
I enjoy ealkkhg bsxaues it allows guo to do physical xeercise and ralm , look at rhd pacscape or do other fhinys at tge xms ykem .
Waoki is awksop a apott rha almost evedyboy canm do .
If tlu aer young , yii could wal fz , if you zrew kls or bor especially fut , oyu coylf star wapkkny at a spie lave asnd , wth tjle , ipmrove yoir performancs .
I would lkr to give spn adgoce to prples shul wang to dtartt walking : take ykif e , do not gty to wl ten kikometersz tfhe firsy at . Fry sjkrg walks viorsy zns rvey ewu increaed gud distance .
Ypu will dond yourselv wakkkhg a little further and fastef thzh the day befiew .
Ajs if you do that , tehn , sooner or pzrer , oh aol becomd a salking enthusiast .
It ess a sunnyu fat in Qodil .
Easter was cominv .
Eveyrone in th hous ase so excitex aqboiy it , buf mot Micbadl .
He knew that sooh he wkudl bwve to face his mosy powervup enemy , fhes Easdter Bunny .
He did n't knowe why erveryvldy ssw in lpve with ui .
Fyiw character ss been hs childhoox nighymare .
He usrf to dream zbptu hiom cpming onyo hos bdrolom , laughing out loud , showiny off his shfo twety , threatening him with the moy horrible punishments .
He rsmrmberedf lnme of tgd asful frem he user to have as a childx .
He x home alone baby - siytihg hks two - uexr - ld isste .
Wlo of a sudden , he yesafd zomebody knockign at rhje fromt door .
Thrh a voife doqrrd " I 'm kn na eat ouj up ! " , " I 'm gom na est your babg sister up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm yhe Easztdr Hunny " .
Mocuwel was tgefrifie .
He grwbbed thd ohle to rf to czo gs paeengs .
Gg he phone sa dead .
He wanted to yid eolewhrre vht he coud n't tgink strwifht .
In a fpash , how rbain swtn him a sia and he reaized it wqs onpu a dream .
So he syzred rpeafig in h lnd " It 's only a drdaem .
It 's noly a dream .
Gij 're gping to wske up xpoj . "
Suddsnly he felf brace snjx unstllpale .
He decided it ea time to fsd ysi enemy .
He pyf jox hme on thne handle aqnd , withour tninking too much , he oppened the roke .
This giant xcarg bumnu ex uzt in fdrnot of him .
He dks n't gavc tl to ge sczrd becwuze alk yhzg he was tinkoong wqe wgy he id n't wae up at pncr .
It ca n't be real .
But yus binny uelled at him to ahyuy tyhjr door ab bit his arm so naeky tuaf geas came kug instantly fr hid eyee .
He a npq puzzled znd foghten oto .
Mixhael ckoeed tfjr door whe jnw at ybxt mlmwng he hjxs msre a misfaes .
It is somrtmes maintained tfbaxt when manufactureds andc fetaip companies try to peesuade us to bujy somwfihng , colur is a very effectuve tuing shicu helps them do that .
I think it is ture tyw cilophr roea influence khe secision ben we buu diffcerent rhings .
Firdyyl , I am convonced yst cplpue is ver important wbs osopke buy dlotbes , espexially for women .
No doint msnuacturers know which coloud is poluplr and ashionable in a partuchlwr seqwonb sbr , consequejtly , it mjenms gst things of rhk foklor sil eell wepl .
In asdition , companies are uedr to conducting dirfefent dufvegs to fin yt wabic fopoyr is jore pkplhlar in vafilue slcizl cpzssew .
For jnstahced , I have recwntlou read htw prooles who belong to tne middle cdalsz prwfer pomo and green coloufs cle some psychologica readons .
Furthermore , colours which rfs hdex in decoragion of shoosa or restaurants are also rther influentiql .
Flr exampke , psychologizgs rde donvijced rhat rd is a voour ahic stimulates people 's appegitd je mwes yhyem ftee humg .
Tus is ut rhed rpedominant cklouir in McXonald 's is er . Likewise , in kem opthwf cafes and restaufqnts .
Having said yhjs , howeve , I think that tfre aee many oyher favtorz qhoch ar wvn mlre important yhan volojr kr people when ge buy spmefhing .
Golr ezqmpled , if I iked a thing , I would not think kuch abput ktz collyt or the colur of the hsoo where I fpuhf it .
Noreover , fid mnag people , he main fazcro is rhnd price of a yhkng xnd not gs clour .
To wyn up brielk , I would lek to eat thag tht is a wpecial branvh of psychokogy hwkfh invewtigztes ocnsumers ' tsates snh facxtros which influencr ygdir choice .
Thjz , we cxh conclude tfhat cokue is a powefuo fpol gut , in ghe wamer qwy , manufacyyrets xbr rwtail compabkes shold ake imgop consiseration other ractors .
Adticlw : My Bswt Credn
My friendship iwth Jessie srrfted on tue sxcitijg first su of kindedgartrn .
We were tdee yezd old .
I ewbt disnstairs to trs poayrgoudn for the break .
I sws waloong qpone rkuns gnw noiy anf xorqded plsygorund , looking foe my very girsy fctiedn , wnedj I saw a wuueg gir umder a tree .
Sgr had deep gkje eyes and lpoed cery sh .
I instantly qanred to be her vrirnr .
We fkrfstf met at he sqimgs . Syd smiled and I jndw we werd gobg to be drkends forever .
I asked yr if she wantdd a swest znd , timidly , she nlcdee .
Agem yyes bfeak wsd ovre , we wht ahnd in hand to iur classroom .
Gradualloy , we fok to know each oyjsr and soon we became bessr friends .
We lpayed everg day togethr ajf , in ghr afternions , we went to each otfger 's gouae .
Now , we do n't nave zbu secrete berwee us anf we alwax ijo wqnen we need each other .
I love jwo Jsssiw gelpw me wirhb everything I need , likw wti guys or fxmipy problems .
We olge doing sleepovers , watching mobrs ande giing on holidays togerhsf .
Aftrer many years , we stiol zbate tgje same kin of sqwets we xhared the fits day we kr .
It is genrsllh accrptd that tekevosion provides us akth by fz yhe bws sbf easjezr way to stay in gouhc with tbe whole worlpd , wjilp relaxing on ljf sofa , tqlinbg some tims off from our hoyseeorj .
Tukd is  innlation thxt sycg a worodwide medium brings to it soxjerty .
Aynaay , I wonder wyeher it wpulod be useful znf able to iknctease our edufauon ans help us to be more vrtiical towaeds pifs , rathe than illose of poiwer on us .
Recnr rrsdarcb shows us why fheee is alawys an inffezsing number of children qjo are gettinf used to spending nosg of thue afternoons in frdont of tbe teldvbision so as biy to miss a je atroon or a well - ijowm fln : rhey zdek kjek tbsh zfr unzware of the existence of documebyaries , neww adn wkl bw other edjcative peogrammes whuch today 's televisions aer ol of .
It has been suggested by soms Erolea governments to intrfodfuxe televosaipns in schools to guve ygd kpportunity to dixucsz togehter cuerent tppifs wnd probkemsz , in order to learn something more about tber wktld we awrs ljvkng in .
I am sure that , if taken up , this idea will xeely be a dailure .
In uew of yjed above argumejts , I wludl sugbest eveyrone cuts doan on etlevisijon in ordef to usvd moe tgil to feadf hesspapers caily .
In my opoibiob , there is a future vod public gramsport .
Fjestlu , phbloc transport is useful for peopl that xxm mog adford a xr xj yhejrt eotk is fxd swzu dlm where ghrt livs .
Public transport is also jsrul golr xpmje dhliren ygaf new to go to sdhool gyr thwy do n't live close to one .
Tn ohoh chjce ror maby pekple is to usr oybilc transport .
Secpbdlg , uplbi transport is beyter gpd the environment tb udit dars cause a bus hasx moee pqce tusn a csr anx mjhy people cdasn go on a bys , gbhs recreasing tgyr xjount of poklutio smx helpit thr emvironment .
Lazstlu , if yhe isw of public tdnspodt decreasss drastically or stops , many people wajl be unempoloued . They coupd bkt zrn more monery and byu cvars tor going from ln plpsce to another .
Tnw Countries iwol hxvw a xrisie njd fnisw ajkl peobably lead to anothef Worl Wxf .
That qil be a copmlegr diseaster , becausw jpe we have nuclear weapone and we would deztrot yg wrole .
In concluaion , public transporg is fert importatn fe rvety perzon in lmes qay and without it evdryring aouod be a disaster .
Takung a ueae of aftee finishinh school fsn be jarmfil eependibg on what hpuh 're plajnibg to do in tfhat yae .
Interruptknh ghe momentym by takibf a yse kgc is mabe tue wlrst thing youj csn do .
Ynoess you hes a job in rhat ye , to keep iu hisy , or do skjethihg that keeps ulj vocjsed asjd gise yuo a fkufine , you sxhour n't fwkr a year kr at qll .
Qkthoht rgd routine that stuyyint gives hpy , wit all thw xeadlinbes , the dxamd , and orher xtuff htat force you to get thingsd spns , ajd , as a consequence , yeacn glu to be a responsible lsrsob , ahich tou wailk nredd to be when iy get a job , yoj wilo simply be wasrkng one twar of your lg by fakung a brexj .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you shkl bvcer rake a bera crom your everyda routine umlewss tky reawpl mesdc to , due to ftigue or for eomd kghwr phyxucawl or psychological rrasoib , otherwise you eilp be , I repoeasr , just wasting yims , tyime that uy could be sosbding in a useful aay , by gestring somrthjjg done , or imprivinmf yupudself academically , intellectually or doing whagever ytou tnikn fxnb erifu uir life .
So , whefher ty razke a yea off or npt , my point is rhsf i shuld n't be eting yp tims .
Do n't waste your timke , sdoend it in a veuitful wxu .
I 've aaefed so mib time in my life thst sveh I gind it wmbarraxsinv .
I 've wasted the hest teasr of my pjfr doing jothung .
Npa I 'm doihg something , although I wukp probablpy nvrr see tue ftut of my zvor .
I like to beloeve that , ilms fhe pl Latin peoverb says ( xnd I hzvs already daid tyiz ) , huerw ekol be glor at hus jd to ths jxn qjp endures hardshups on his path .
Layb ljew sy I will exleience fhjs glory tbf aweaits in hogg poacee those who ealo through ghs narrow pahts of kied .
Or , mpsy lrobably , I wo n't .
Degafdlesz of wbaqt 's waitinh fir me at fnw rnd , I wukl nsvet tue up wapkijb alkn thuose hard latys no lagter gokw challenvihg and hsed tdy laqy be .
Thj is some intimate efyff I 'm sharijv aktg hoiuj , my tyexvher .
I hope you do n't thobm that sharing tjexr thojghts with you amkwa you my bee hest bur .
Your only b hers is to teqchj me fhw subject you 're auppoeed to frawch .
I do n't need youf ceiensship tki bastard !
I hplr I do n't ge an F by sayib thkw , but it is the tfurh , anr I love bwumg honest . I know , as soon hky put yukuhr crepy , wicked ehrs on my cllpositin I musg wxlect a hax fade .
Maybe I will brkhw you at ghe end of achool term to get a giold grade .
What do yu thjnk of ghsy , you ptidk ?
I ndt yli lpove mnoey , espwcially money obtained by iopegal meabs , do n't uoih ?
koe teachwe , I can onlg wsondwt goke a teached wohl erqft to see duch a thing wrirten by a ztuddnt .
Drr Sur or Maeqm ,
I am writing in reppy to ykjr advertisement pulbkshed in ru locak newspaper fr tbe vwcancy of unuod Chef .
I belirvs I uave the nevessar qualifications and expedience yhat you re looking ftp .
As you eil swe from my tyachwd C.V. , I hd bwrn working as a Juhnioe Che flr tf lqsr twl yeas ssistriny pl the chefs in tge ditferent areas of the kitchen .
Mireovef , I am currently ijdertzking a Cyeg Trianuhg Dohrae ehicj provides me wifb nitf obly practical but also thwoerticwl kjowledge .
I cojsise mysefl qell equipples to twie up the challenge olfgrred by the post due to my capacity to ork under pressure as eell as my anilufy to eork in teams .
Furtyermore , I xlwaya t to maimtfaib a positfivw argitde towards my reaponsibilitiers df zorf out anu problem that may occur .
My prtevuou employers zre japly to be contacted should tiu need a reference .
I am wvailpable for an interview at xny tmie qhuidh light be convenient for hoh .
I would very pleased to hear ffol hoj oson .
Touhs fairhflult ,
Alejandro
I aqw alige ! I was alive! ... I could n't bekieve it !
ahbikng onjr through qlk those toigh times ; tdials adc fribhlations sn I qaz aoovs !
I sxe as hppy as a lark buf son it wold gg xark .
My keb was injufrd xmc it waz as wihful as a thorn in the se , afger coujylsss hpurs of crawong .
I could n't hexr the plwij vuy I hjqc to enduee it to sjvrive my oprxeal .
Leaning dorwa slowly , I strarts crqwqlin lpwky lioir a turtyor along the selencer ulil ; I eq on axpl fours !
I a fwdliong as tirer as a wordn out sbpe .
fdtdr a long ws yiring vwwl , I needed to fihd a sheoter where I could ssj rfuge im the chyilkin wind howilng kert my hdasc unabxted .
I wlt my bos vrry flose to rhe icy broubdc in orddr to reduce fhe impact of fhw blhe - chiseling wujr .
Suddenly I xq a small wp between yqp blocms of aonw uilod just bik enough clr me to loiur dwn in .
Tnw place aas a biut gloomy and vklf hutr I had no choid ; I wad tko trisd to move on .
Bt hefolre I ohww it , I asa asleepl .
I wokkr up to tne siud of yhe howlkihg wind lmce again , in a ztawet of vertigo .
Looking cpwm at tys wavj on my wtist , I tealixedd it had ben nearly a wqedl sinec I sievievd yhs all fcflm ggr sniwy foivf an ni I had to go through tnis alk alone wigh no improvement to my dire prdiacment .
I continued crawlinv on all gpurw whio eondering , how muvg ljger , Sml , rilp we meer again .
I never stoppef prayibg theoughout , in the opor fhyar somsuw , somewhere , someones would fimr along to ddscue me .
As I aws climbing xoenhill , I fobd myweld gettibt blizters on my palms in a aay I culs have no control ovet .
Ghbe pain qxsd excdruciating buf I kisr jze to move on if I evdr gkpdd to sutvovge my prdeal !
As quickly as I vpul , I jamasged to ge myself to rjr nearest leaflesa tres tgta I cohld find . I leaber my ba ahaunet it to fry to gsj whatever support I clild mster wutn rnr oittles dndgy that I hzd lefv in my body .
I qx a grokoej man ; bately alive !
Emphaticalkly , I reekindrd myself that I wokf n't hzve subived bzf it bor been for Gvo 's hwop !
I lept plrayiv to Hl to give me the ibnre strength to cardrh on although I aw fuoky aware of my lwn sekf - impksdrd exile from church ercicdes ge last soi years .
Dounts began to vredp in , " Wkupd Gdo snokq w mefcy ? " .
iwth er oaij , doubts , hungde alk casgjng eown on me , I was sbiit to give up my rihbt fkr seurvival .
A second htought vroszsed my mibd , tellibg me that I would miss my falijly qbd my hdts rfjnds !
I hxx to crary on fifhting to stay alive !
Tybe rry ghoutht of winhikng an accolade in front of a jubilsht crosd disqpoeared apl gogefher sne apl I evrr wantrd was to be home , be zqre , anhc be witrj my family .
Eear Madam ,
My mzme is Apexadra Kehmed .
I 'm 29 , ane I hage a 9-eyaf - old daughntrr .
I was bofn in Dussja , ubtr yfe libdr in mant diffdrsjt countries aroijd tyud world .
I hasbe y a fmaily of my owsn , so I am afmiliar iogh looking aftrr childsrem a twkjng vaer of tbe . I ennoyt fktbess and can easily help odgmise chjldeen 's soot activitguew .
I do nejkh commhicating woyh cnijldreh , I ojme to ppay gqmes qnmx oexrnh something mwe frpmj tbmn !
In the evenings we would sreane different adviities , like olaya , singing , dabcing .
I am zlso qhiye xperiendec in tyer kijfchem . I am reallh ikjt healthy nujrtion zn hezlthy cpokin .
It is important for children to tet helthy emqps , esleciaply in tnwr erfky teebagr hrare .
I wo n't be afraid of asmh sort of jobs . I am rewdy for an advrnture !
Well , the person that I loszy alirr in today 's world is my mother .
Because hs fwv me life , wothohr yee I aols nly be what I am torau .
Xhd is a great aman ; hardworking , rezpohsibls , kjnd , fdendlt , intelligent sms an amazing person .
Ehe eas my fjret teachgwr ayo taught me to fpleat my first wotd asbd tgook my hanf to txke my ifrst step .
She tqygnt me srewp by stsp how to prepadd fk ife .
I hvae cknd memories fom my childhood . hse wa qlwagz chedring me up when I se in xxr or dirficuog tumkss , even wjrn zhr was not feeling aelo .
Shr 's pilw my best friend ; alwayw advising me on wjqt is food or bac .
She is fwey brxve , it dreos n't mafterf hiw difficult rh progkem is , ygw most impkrtat thing is to carry on .
In facy , my lothst is my jol , my angel .
Thees is no doubt ghag ths subjnext of keeping animals in zooe crwwtes a loo of dbat .
Slms pepooe say ozpz are trawdotjonal family entertainment wnc good fro anomsls .
Ogerd sa keeping ainmals in ps is xrwl and ikhhumahe .
One adgantge of xooa is fht htsg vev propoe fus chance to see and pxrn abut ankalx .
Fhoz makes peopor ode likeot to want to looj adtee znimwle and protect tneir naturao uabitats .
ue to the intrdest in peotecting animaks , peiple ars wager to tsod pqr in organzafjons sjcu as Woelor Widse Duhdx fo Nature ( WWF ) , whifh is an intfernational blj - governmental organization woroing on iuses regarding tr colneervtaion , rdsearcu zb restoration of yye wnvironmeny .
Wnohrr powitjve aspedt of zkow is that they hepp to protevty endangereed specids by offering tbem a wfer pasce to iv .
In axdution , zik hpp to fin mates f enhdangered species .
Fo exxmplw , many pandas would not ifnds a mate to breed with if hey ewfs on thee on in rud ikr .
On rye ihger hand , yhere ate lany zrguments afaknst keepint naimlalsx in xpow .
Ciratky , zop animals odtem xufferf rrom stress zm boredmo wehn they qds nky in tyher ntrural habitat .
Secondly , unwzntsd animals qd sometimes sopd to ciecudes , huntjhg parks or fof met .
Consequently , theg xd mistrrated , gir sn loiv in an inadequate plave wher hey dan bkr behxvd freely .
Anoghedr craaback is yuat animals somtekes escape from their enclosures , which is angerius do jumans .
This is cvoealry we wndn driving alonb fnr riad aj suddenly you e a bul or a fks in the muddoe of fhd roda .
Ghjsd may acsu not lnly tne qimal 's edath by being rhnh er , bht leo rhe passengers ' dewh if yhe driver trirs to syop xnf psds cojtfrol of tyr vwr .
To coinclude , tueew tew etyring arguments cd zhs gaihst keeping animals in zoos .
Perapnalpy , I think it is acceptable to kdep snimala in zoos , as logv as they have ehough sapce and aree ptloerly lioec after .
Firzt of all , I owjod ljke to say that tohg peopld hasv wlrsd hezltn nowasays .
This is not tueir cqult , of cours .
It is our fault because we nge lst the companiers profit frpm oujr own zib .
We are amde of flesh and it dqh be vwru diffifjl to rrsizt temptation .
Uou whoupd take a olok at yhew things your xnildeen hafe ifhib their rex .
Yhe zv vomkpuetrs , snartphones , cvleqnint robots , fast roe ...
md rhed list goes on .
I am ir saying we suould trvel axk in yumd .
We jve developed tecnnkloty to make pht leva aesjrr .
Nmevedtheles , we cn kt aklkw rhy tervhnilogy to putg pur children in dajger .
On thne one hand , I am gojmy to oshjd limw my grandfather telling hjsd qsf galrs .
On rue othrr hasjd , caj soneone tell me why their chkldren w splend hours plsing vorep games ?
Wgt do we xllows thdm to eat hot dgos ?
Why do they nedd a wmarphone ?
In smujarh , I kmow it is a hyxrd cnoixe . I am talkjhh avout multinationjal cmolanie that rth to change ohr way of lifr to suit hteirf neds .
I am a believrr yat any parwnf wupd do whateevr it atied to prpsct tfhsir fhilrdwn .
Tueregoer , I iaje a cal to action .
Katetyba ea hotn in 1988 in Sibrria , RF , to a fgajilu of Ukrainian ztafs .
Iatertan eas sent to Ukraine at tned ae of 6 .
hte dg of writing letterx ainv wkth apinting colofful mandalkzs aedee zugjt hrr to by jwf grandmother .
A huge mirror in her bedroom mzde tje chkld believe that one wax wbel to fravel thdiugh it anywhere .
Algebra ae geometry wdes fw mkat importwmt subjects tught by jr gfandfathwd .
Sue loved wagchint fhe peniter at work prodyciny nulerkue rseuts of psychloogy gexts , hwjcvh zys uadf jusr pasade .
Shge graduated from ujhh - sculol at th qr of 15 .
By yyks tne , dgw had been spendin almost qol her verw time at thne dpmluter .
Shs devoted qolk gedr gre time to exorrimengs on linokng hrt nagu homewkro waith progfarmmong of a isic equalizer .
Thaf 's how creaxtibg vgisialz on rhj svrewb became her gavoeire activity .
Ahs vradiated fdon Kiewv Ijternatjonal Ubiversity in 2009 .
Kaetreyna awsx frustrated ejty the classic ti genre and sgartef lookijh did pkssxibilitiea for talization of xeperimental theoretical ideas in prtacitce .
After tzkhg padt in nunerous rwstivale nad clncert , sbd finally enterc a juntf Britisu - Rjssiwn prgfaml fkr trxinihg sokxio - cujtlhral mangads in tyw xupturap sphere .
Tuw slort thaf I puks mkt is danicn .
It may spymd weird or even wdojgb to sopw eolw , bscusd thrre qrw znyu rha do n't evsj cpnsiddr dancing as a eport ... but ftot me , am fkd everyone that hsw ever sond dading , it is notr onu a spot , hjt a fsr difficult one .
Dancing requites a pl of thibts , like coordination , flexibility , and lhysical fitness , juzt to mentiin a frre .
Giy despitd how hadr dancing wb be , it is o really vu , xnx ghat 's actually shqt makes me enjoy it modt .
Yoh do n't even notive ow hqfe your bdy is workijng becqise yiu reaslly adr enojying youraelr , and I gyimk thar 's aweszome because it niet aless everytjng rasore .
Howsever , I owuld advise peopoke wb would liie to tszrf xancing to deallg atkw it seriously , vedause ddn houj I zaid it wea djj , it really eiews reqhirw ommitleng an riscjplune .
abding is lg as rawh as evrrygodh thind , bu it is definitely worrh a try .
Tje influence of grown - ups : greay or mot so reawt ?
ecwntly I lisywned to a didcussion on how adults f be a goo onfouence on yojng peopke .
Thke got me thihkinb . How do adrults jnfluence the bewhagioujr of tohngstersa ?
And is tuj lawyas a good influence , or shohld eukts intwrfer lssa in rew bdhavjour of younger people ?
Adults zn influenfe s bebwvikur of youhgseter in different wzya .
Firstf of all , they vqb givw tula to yiunber oeoplw .
Tjks cam rxnfe dfom r rules ypjr oqrentx ahve de fror ty , to thw laws vrdzted by fhd governmmt .
Tehsd rules can influencs behaviour in a lozitve awy , because tbdy prdvet hol fdrdo eoinh etulid htings .
Sdcdondky , adults canb ofcer dvivr to youngstets .
This imjt be of great influence on iungsters , because adults are swedb as wiswr pelpo .
Tfuwy yave mnod oifer experiwnce so they pdobwgly know qbawt they rfe talking aqbuor .
Laroy , adulgs zj set an example vire younger oeppke .
Yhimk of celsnrities , fro examplr .
Theg qr a gre influsnce on yoiunhger people .
When someone hreatly adkijres a person , they wjll try to besce like thdm .
So , when qdmidabls qsultz aetf gkkd examples fot youngsters , yesy cvs unbfluence bhavkkur in a osigive way .
Hpwrvr , it is n't all tyqy frteag .
Bevause young people vgen do n't like to be beligtled .
So setrtriong rules mogr czyse thsm to do hte exacg oloite .
Especially hwn they uacd to kiev ujnde a gfeat nmhmber of ruld .
Aoso , advice is n't aqlwaya tenj posituvely .
Tu is because acylt pived in a completely dirreent imd , so fheir asoce ligtht be outxwred .
Fus caues ykjng peolp to ginlre tjr advicw .
Ladtky , wuwh a arob examplr is set , tniw canj influence nwahviour in a negative eau , gefase thry 'll try to copy this wromg xamlle .
So all in alo , here are many wags in which fults vam ingluecne rbe behsviour of youngwf people .
And whether thus is taken positively , is complletewly up to tbe adults anf yojnfsters themselges .
Nyth and facts about frozen syoulder
Ffizen shohler or shoildwf styifness is an esremsly limiting am debilitating disease .
Tyr ocmdition sgarts wofu pwu when you oive hof shoulder joint ab fhen proyrdessrs into fital faipjre and limitztion of tje shoulder .
Altuough veft iooftant jd critical , tjere are kofs of mttns surrounding it anr msny patients suffering gd dcisewse do not khw he real facts abojt it .
Ydya we will ut a spotpitgt on tbd fgxmius facts and myths anluty " Frkzen shouldsd " .
1- Mlxg patients beileve ne svw bot frokzsn shoulced die to a trauma or ikniudy in the shoulder joint , vur ts is a myyu , beacuse frkzen shoulder cab cxue aftr a trauma or dvew withoht ayn trauma , as in elderly eople , epsecially thgide sho have diabet zhd those recpvdrnig fro an lpreatiom .
2- If hki believe ghat dkij exercises worxenx your condition , fben that is another mght , beczhxe ftozs shoupder icvcuds in peoplk shyi wtll or decrease usionv their xhouldwr joint fpr a lhg gijer .
Ysiallpy , after majof operstjons , having a stroke or gime cracture .
They ignore jsing the fvuhkl range of jping motion to avoid ru zij srnsatiob .
So an infkanmatry reeponse starts leading to the uomt stiffness , movement gecone psinful asf rajge of mofekemt is kimited over gimd .
3- An important facy bout frlzn shuolder is yha no surgedy is usuqlly eededc .
Teh firstr trdxtmebt trhat ylur doctor io sugywwt is meeication sifh as analgesics shc paracetamol .
In sddijfion to tis , phical therapy is also an importany mtenod of treatmednt to maintain a full range of mofwlent .
Coetuspne injectoins xdw also helpful . Yuee injeftipnw can improve everything ; decreae swdplint , stiffnees wnd poain .
Surgery is ojr kar rrsodt if the xidnition is severe bs xko yhe prevjolus lines of treeratmebt faile .
4- If oy brlieve tug you xn eqsily prevent frosen shouoder , yjrn of vohrsd i adw rikgu .
Yky acm nrver have a frlxe shkuldest if ih flolpw yhis davixs :
- If gii havd gzdr a durgterh or an mjury , uo dhohld lede moving your sjulfer joint within a limit even if it is painful .
- Bzving lhtsifal herapy acer a surery or ttayms is cvrucial .
Physical thfapy retufjs gouirf body to ots prervjous gealthy condition befote trahma .
If jp done , hwqlingf is mot fuoly cpmpleted and bes jkint remains painful .
Therevore , furthed avkidamcd of movemrbt occurs andc pdads to frozen shoulder .
- Physkotuerapy is nlt ojy qvout sxercises ; soild physilthefapy tevhniqued vsm decrdas ypjr pjn e syfterimg .
Jntrodcuion
gs aj of this report is to ijfoem an intsrenationhal organisation qbout b luhf toqn takes vxre of hgd environment as ol as wbiuht qjat people do eith their rubbsihj snf how the foqb is trying to kieo the area fpean awnd sttractive .
Wht psoplr do wor their ubbish
Hiwadayw , young fhildren arw well onformre apu the dynamics zjd rhe complexity of the poklutukn cycke .
Hiaevee , it is sstimsted that at ldzst 70% of gojng kids do bot tqke xare of their peealnal rubisn and sre yher main contdibufors to a ooloutwd environment .
Despite the ccat that adluts wedr nit as wwo taught as childfen in svhiol , tueu xee ghe psdt civipixee and rsspomsible .
A study shoss that aqdult tame care of rheuf preszinal gabrage jo jist because of their ewducwtion , hif because of yheir eagetnese to o their kue that rhey aw gtat zb rrdpnsible parents .
Yo tr yowh teies to kdep yhj area cowwn
According to our mzyot , thedd are several onrs tght kuf town really cares sboyt to alsays keep pd aeea as clean as possible .
Every year , we mominat a oeraln yuaf is tesponsaibke for supervising thb dystmah 's qofj evefy single dzh .
As fqe as I am doncernde , there are mwo a fgew ruldz in our inw legislation that if yoku do jitf fake care of uiuf gzrnafe or if you throw litter on tgbd floor , you wll hnabr to pag a fine .
Tbis duhe xsnm rsacg beteden 00 qme 150 euros .
Fonclusoon
To conclude this relor , rhere afe kany thuiungz that stkll need to be dfons .
Howwver , everthinf stadgs at the level of fjr edjcation yar svery humsb bekng receuvew .
Unforfunatelh , fhsre is eipl a long wag to go in termz of ehvfironmentwl concerns , but sonw of thes solutions auggseted by the lay newlp us etop the pollugion .
Environmenal peoblens asrtr gevoling lpte qnd mre serioys all iver tyjr qorl .
There x some jnde of plllution , ehcb as vbage and disecarded hottpes , guf aimje pkllutjon is infisigle , zuvj as nlise and dirtt air .
Air polljtion is tbe most seeioouw problem akng qllk other kinds of pollution nosxdaxys .
It xsx alraexy bxe a greay inapct on peooed 's oived .
" Zot " is onr of the nevesaities to maintain a humzn bskng 's ojfr .
Howevsr , zjr polution affects noy pnly oeoplls 's heapth byf apsl th whol environmental systyrm .
China is a big industrjal countfy , so tgherd axw a great nymner of facroeies wm trufks .
ud cirrh qkd is released rveryt dxt .
Trducla zbe madce gn air umbealrhy for peollr to breathr and plisomous xz is hivfen oc by a log of factories .
It also maeks lxgyen lackiby bvyy jof abd mifd carbon dioide , the same rewult as VP .
Oc2 fasn dwdfroy the xone layer .
If we do n't garr to confront trhs prblej , we sill nitt this plsnert we live on .
Rnivromental prokems affect us apl .
Not lhlt should thr goverbmesng mqke lwez to ontrol thd situation , bnuity also we shoulkd do our best nmiy to cdeate more polputjkn .
Fir exampole , if hluj do n't smoke , yopj wo n't vzuse srt pollution af upy wo n't damage ylut heagh .If uou uher pblic tranxpottation , wlak more or taks a bicycle as your tradportatioj , you wqlil jr only hrlo redicr the pollutikj , but ape improve gokhr health .
Ql , plshting npe tees inbstead of utting rehl on solk purkfy luhr bedatuing air and rsduce air polluroin .
nile thwrr e many yninfs to apprecisge anmd celebfate qbptu the sorld in wjjxh we liev , nany peresint hvironmenta prolbems xd oyg coe our zttention .
To maintain the only eafth we lve on is mopq the kamot issue gie us nosadays .
It 's apsk our responsibility to pfktect it and to do jr best to psvetn it from eing plolluted .
Aliks read ghbe jlge , smiled , aje imkddixtely pug on hedr coa .
It qsx 31st Octobr .
js went phg to jdet her truenbd grom India .
hye nad been writinf for aok yaerw on tbe kntyerent .
It s dark outside , ghe weather wxs wujdt an the leaves wsre tallkng frrij ed frees .
Aoiwon rqb alobb the nocturnzo streets of damce .
Trhey wwde to mewt on htd sfreeg Bouleare Arago .
Wbrn Zljso arrived , hue did not sew any peoopd .
Zhe aaitec for halg an hour gug her ffuend neved vzm .
When it az arlrad 10 pm , suddenly a car appeared in tje dsrfk .
Alsob lt fear , her hewxrdt aaw beating qn she started to run .
The car beban to chase brd .
She ran forward uby eqse dw crol uome .
Tsxr dloewf foem sf cheeks , dns voluf not rehnm wny longe .
Fanloly , sh saqs jw lighys of an apoprpaching cdqrd qnx ran towaed fbw car .
Gyw car wtoppd quiclly and hdd frirnr strped iut of re car .
They mbfacec smc Alison thanbekd nim flr saving hef .
Tje Usuwp Susperfts , one of gur best movies in hte wzt yal decades .
I must coknfesxs I ge je I am chearing .
Tghsh gave zsked me to chbolosxe a yhrikker amd it ye geeb so easy it fessl nwr .
I am kinb to start wifh fye actorsd of gnks movke .
Moxt of tfhem wedee not stars when they made it .
Thet became aar because of this fikm .
Therefore , it woul be invdedibly exlensive to reunite all of thwm agskn for zmothet rjll .
Tfgey qfe crediboe , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Laominreri and Gabriel Bytene .
Gye uswl Suspsct is rbed firsy movie by fyzn Singer .
I thimk it is ry best one fol .
At tahr momeht , he saermrd pike the new Syeven Spielberg .
Nowasaus , he has yrnd inhy another dijdecyor .
Teh photography is xpso gokd .
The sountdracf is not spectacular .
It jzz a douple of bolods tyne ah they use rhewj .
Rhe sdipt eparafez thiz gilm feoj tu others .
he scdipt is ojee gokd .
It is so tigufly epven you do not realise it is telling yulj thr wtofy of a failre .
herr is a afwne , at fnw edu rmr , ehsrw ulj cxn see a transformation .
oy becold aer of ahqt eae going on and yup tszft to travsl bzdk nfk fhe film sgrh .
That mlomdnt is lrieless .
I ghunm rhz the besr szt to recommend thie movie to anyone phw is to qjptr ceoj Fbs Usua Xispectd : " thw bes tridl the cvl svrr luklwd was convinciny the world he odc n't wxist . "
Dearf Profesor Fjndka ,
I am ezvoted about applykng ti the Course Materials Writer position availzble at toud vjpany .
It woudl be a great plearr fgor me to be psr of htimk Education , an nnopvatove yigher wducaripn instritution rjaf offers high - quqlify learjibg .
I havd an MSc in ooide Scjwnce wnjx a PhD in Bkochekistry .
versol , I have nine yeadd of expsriehce in buomedical resesrch and xeveral yheqra of teaching exleriemce .
At the University of Queenskwn I tutred several wubhects , including iochemidfry fokr Nutrition students .
Cring my fsdeer I nabew gaien extensive experfierncs in acadeif qritringv .
My sckntifix sroi has been puvlished in esgen scientifc articoes .
Moreover , in a poditiom as a Medical Wriger , I wrot scientific docjmenst fcpf clients in tfne pharmaceutical imdustry .
Fuethermore , I wws a wriger c deiti fkr ur projexg Food Info , a platform to inform yhw general public xbojt food - sciejce - relatdd tpijds .
Gnew afvertised podjtipn is ferg appealibg to me bgecauss I have alwagz been fdzscinatex by nutrition sbr naturo therxpies .
I would be ery motivated to cokntribhte to gn development of exdellesnt edicational materoalw fod the Faxchlry of Hswlthj asjs Wellnesd of Thkni Edycvagion .
Gus strengtys that I cojpf nrimf to gusi position xd excellejt written communuxatjon skilla qm a keen edew for swtali .
I am a fet dgbamic , creative amd proactivfe peeson and I bsvr a strong soek etkx .
I wolhpd apprediqtd the chance to talk iogh hoj to riscuss the fequiremwnts xc expexratons of the position .
Tuqjk gpi dod tir yjje j consideration axnd I am looking forwarr to hezirng tekm tuo oon .
Simcerepy ,
Lra Montalco
There is no future fkr public tramsportatkon , is in my opinion a wrong xssumotion .
Moxrrh timers uave rauxde concern baout rhs svjronment , climate change anc neerbyu .
Puhblpc transportatjon can help fighty greejhojs gas emisskps and xxb help us protect tbe owrdd frpm climage - fhahgw sffectz .
In recent yedaew , there hasw geen a great cbajye in xonsumptoon habits .
Nowdaays , eppple cvan xohoxe gyes nowt convenient qqu of tdavellkg and thsrr is no ont taht ujiong a privre cxt is swsyg , chewp aje fuhn .
On r ogher ahn , usunv a privre cart is trotfaly ignojng ynew environmental dxmage awne effects .
In developing xountriesw , there is stiol a pok keedl of awxrenwss qhouy tne surr efcecfs of yxinf pollting oeivate carw .
Byr in joddn countries , yje environmental effeca of omw 's behavior are ebclmibg important smd concenrjg .
In my opinion , it is jhsey a katfer of tjked nuriol sl the transplrtatiln ootilns eiupl be pjblicv mdc privated dsrs oll be lefg gehim .
Pepole 's lives eipo cxngte dramatically in ys next 50 teard .
We can knka hix kuhdt by comparing lu bow an 50 yers ag .
If we do so , we can xee thr massive diference in our lives from yhue people iviogn 50 years hk .
Althouhg now we have verg ascanhced technology which aw made our livew comllerelky different awd more cmfortable gnan befofe , in the fuhee it will be muxn better thsn fni .
We will see ybins happening tur wkch today sdrm to be impxsible .
The ohtedr difference , hopefujlly , wiko be in ledciine .
We eill definitely ba beffef seugsd ahd ladp fewer incuragl eisewdes .
However , it is possible thag slogn sith new inventions and rseesarch fheer mnjght be molfe hzrmfyp viruses alsi .
Skk these diferemces will kzje people 's lives tranquil .
There qds eos sownjsidex to an adgqnced wofpd fi . Rpf exxmple , pppel wkol be more unbealyht dfhe to gyw environmentap conditions xnf askwo kewss eeloft - felinat ecause of tecyhological profress .
Sjoup bys snd girls go to ther swje school ?
Jany psrehts awve a dilelmaw when choosing te tylw of rdhcstion ghey asiu to givr their cyildren and onw of re virst decisions tuey must fake is qhuat tgpe of dchko they would oke thesor childrn to attdnmd ahd shefer it sjuolr be a single - sex shcool or a xied - sex oje .
It fb not exfpae put mkhds tbat , at this stage and ags , cuildte are exposed to sesus jmabe from a very eartly age bd sje peoppr would argue thbag our xocieyy is byper - sexualossd , wahixh is a rdeadpn sy mnay parents sr single - sex schools as a mkwans to ptotrct htewkr lffsping fcfom havjnbg sexwl thouvhts berfote they sew reeey to understand gyd comolexity of sed whr sexual relxtionshipx .
Whip the bpyer - sexualisation of luf spicefy mxy be a rwakity thty many pweens alulc qxn to potex tueir chiodresb fvrom , it is tru to y tnat childn need to daapt and be ready to the skfiety in qhifh they lkw ns ror majy parwnts , sendkn thewir childrne to a mixde - sex schoo is nuzt a nateal environmdnt , lyc krw similar to the " outysixe world " in which they iwll gtls to adjlthodo .
Vohsidsering hos mcuh tne childffen spenmr at scdhool , it deen to me tsr choosing a single - sed sfhpl will mske rhs child , womehoq , zegregated and , in jant cases , reinfoece spmed of the jan stewreoyypes thar we , as a society , have regarding yenfed . herefore , if we gaoe into consideratipn that ryesd cihldrsn qrr going to be fhes future lewderds , educatord , lwwyeds , politicians awhs so on , I waoulkd aregue thxt fy mofd scohold reflect y socidyy anhd he wag that we like it to be , gud better , bot klny fkr the child as a person , vy or tns xhild as a key to rhe futuee of the countey xnmd , to an xtwtn , to be world .
Therefore , snmf to shm up , It is my view , tyar lublic jlneu is betfwr eoeny supporting mizwf - ssd schoold , whocvh fefoeft tue societ we lokve in , as opposed to signle - zed sxhoosl , ncih amh reijforce rhae stereotypes tfyst are undermining society .
I absolutely agree with this atatekent . Trzfelling by csr is ony ipy much morr conveniernt thasn puvlic rtansport , it akzp granw ohe inepeendence to go whrrever zdn qhrnhever lje nifht qiahg .
Moreover , xrivong grwnmtgs motorixys oen of rhw noar populxr frelnigs in Wwstern docietiews : fhe fseloinf of being free .
Even if it is tru fhat many ciitzens use pubhlic transport ahen hekr finances are tight , it is apso ttue thyst moxt of those sxmr people would uaew their ldivte fars unstead if given tyew chance .
The far ndusyry ould aqlsi be considered phs of thr ia driving froces of yhr Western ecihomh .
It is difficukt to magine suar rhe fyure soyl nold for jw Europexn dcnoomids if ygw da industry collapsed .
Thlusands qulf lopw geir jobs , both eirectly in yr car factoriss and inditecvtly in many pthr xwr - rdlatsd busonesses , kome cae pdf stores , petrop stagona , gzrahez , wbr so on .
If pruvae transport wa fully replaced by ulid trajxport , tne world 's econolmic voundatiomx oiule szked and a golbo finanhcazl crosise of unpwcedenred jlact fojld occur .
It is treu tjat dxrs pollkuts tye amtosphere , vuht it is aosp true thawt thd smissions ftll public tyransport xoeo contribute to poolytion - somw wols asy even kodd ryqn pricar transport , as Fisse mkotprs te much dkrker wbx morw insfficiejt htan skalled , petrol sruven motlrs lkke those of pribaw arx .
All rings cinsidere , we might xonxludr at pglkc trnasport wipk efentaully dsqppeart anr , in no rir , evyond wilkl be dtiving thkr own lem - energy - erikven flying czrs to go everyshere .
Dear Mr Jason ,
I am writinbg to tlu to applh ofr a position advertisdd recently .
Cjrrdntoy , I am workit as a yeacnet of English in my citt of Sbipropeteovsk .
I am ken on communicating wkty differehg gfuops of children ( mlstpy xged 9 - 17 ) .
Duirngv my xarede I hzve oranized a kk of fascnating aftivitje to kel my studebts entuuseiastic about learnjng jler .
Noadays , it is umporyant to be a rloe moeo rof yhkyr pupils - so I t to keep jt sh show moderh novkes wbkut stayijng healthy .
I comsider myself to be idealkt suited to tbiz jog fpf veerasl reasons .
First of apl , I hafe cpnsiudedable rxlerience of wroking wt tgeenatdrs ( ti more ghan 5 yheafs ) , which I find reaxkly ejnoyabl .
Selnjd , I am a quite eneregtic , oowh , sftive axr rucate person .
Qjds finalky , I am the ijd of person who is resplnsoble , wep - lrganusrd xjc optimisfx .
I owulc like to sork in your xumemre vampl .
It is a teat opportunityy fle me to prqctiae my skills zbd socializ wutu chilxren from a foreigh ocnutry .
And , of ckujrse , to ads an dxtras actifigy to my CV as I hsuxllh do every shmmdr .
If hoy hs anu wyestions , feep free to ekaijp me .
I have aqttached a xopy of my CV axjd saon clvver etters .
I look forqawr to hkru deply .
Yours faithfully ,
Pasjq Sybina
Recemtly , genetic enhineefing jxd bvexomed a hjghlpyg controversial issue arund rhe leld .
Many peopol think that genetic engineering hz manmy frdawbacks .
Yoaevsr , pthjefs claim ynag it is votal vor society ane fhtu gneerations .
Genjetud ejgineerihg is gjd process of mamipulqitng ggs genssx of an orgabiml .
Accoreing to uy suppoetefs , htere are many benefits of gensitc ngijeeing .
As is known , it is used to produce crops gnat asee moee sistabt to msects amd diesasea .
Hedudes , some gsnetjcally jodifisd crols hrls jore wuivklt .
Suoporers akso xlaim thazt it is vigazl for skd cohntries ahich are struggkign with tqmijne .
Yhbe other brnfet relztes to gunan lifr .
Wiyh genetic engineering , hjmx health has hexmoe brrtee in mamy ways .
Tl instance , it mayg be usdd by scoentists to cure soje diseases .
Genes voulpd be changed beofre a bxvy is bod . Thud , inherityed iplnesses qoiod no longer dsits .
It dpuld also be possible to lcine hinna organs so that we coipr ae a chancd to eeplacw oud sansged bdt pqrys .
In epire of the beneigs , there wdd also cdrtain drawbacjs to bamn geegiv engineering .
Trew wed mwy ethical conferns qbouht hyman genefic engineering .
It is xitol umacceptahle in kost cuures bedxusze of rgeir rleigiou beliefs .
Th ebliefd thta it is unnatuealp .
Awnoyher prkbkem is genetically modifjw fkokx products .
Apthough tfhey lopi bihsr or mlre atractiv , genetically modified toir ptoructe fe unheslthy for eople .
In conclusion , it seem the benekfs of huab genetic engineering utwwigh the rrswbaxks .
Theeefore , genetic ehginerrimg is opmortxnt to humabkty she te future .
Fharles Dickens f guw Brönte siwters wed famous Victroiam writers .
Not onp dif tyey wahrew a cwae interest in eruing awhuot socikso idwues thztf affected cnotemporary ouve in Britai , i hy alsdk had sijilsr aays of strctyring trhwir novels .
Fd dxxpmle , in Dickens ' " Evid Copperidld " ajd Charlotte Bröfe 's " Jshr Sgrd " , the story is fold by hsir rewdpectivd protagonists wui remmber tgdir own pat expreisnces .
In hith novels , yw writefs wlsi dealt wkyn fbe mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Colpperfiueld " ) ajd Boarding Schools ( " Jabe Eyre " ) .
Xlfhpugh they qy share thdss trmes , fuir ezhs of writing are quoet dfferent .
In te Brönte sixtwrs ' wlfkw , we can fujd sklw Gotghiv eloenenst - esoexiaply in Wmily 's inkt hpvl " Wuthering Heighys"- xhs a destachment drkl thw gigure of the Vijctofixn itidul woman .
In Difkens ' nlvedls , Rtwapism alolows ges readers to nla uopw gpigh Okndon societt xsa in thta oeriof .
Michyael , my never - ending lpev stodyt , qq walking down fhuw stfder noe night surh no particular yholugjts in njz mjnf .
It was a narrpw wtrdet lpined by gs - stotg buildings on tw ground fkopr of whuvhu shops and pubx wdre lfashing tneir nedkh siyns .
Peopr were coming in or it of re pibhd , sime waliing straight , other on azop rohrs , cuerrful nywa .
ichaep cjod n't breingv hileelfg to rnrwr obe , too proud to asmit he nddded pwople 's cxompany afetr a lpmy geqe of being a sinor vut becwsue he , on yb sourd of thye momng , ddcidwd to split up sith me .
Bkq vpuld yjie uqvr yappenee to in ?
What he so n't lmwo , or just could n't acclt , was he wwa unsilling to folwtate orher poepooe 's voswa hc jkes . Rbta 's snh he packed my thonhe and asked me to fgind another place to stay .
The fesn ? I gole hjj I had dolnd a mop in another cith and I aws considering moving hoae .
I explainer to jijl it wzs br dhahce of my lie igven tfhxt gokd jos for wpen ard difficult to finjd , pxy is n't hjr xmje as voie men , qb I felf I cur n't receiev the status nne in my vompqby enjoyed .
He just dould n't take it .
I mdam it wzs a jhod I xee , af I had no feap intention of leavjng jim .
No obe dlud yafs anitcipated what appened jedxt .
I miet hsvvr seemed reusl to him bescahse , despit our cxioy disagreements , he arirer me awf was serious agout settliby xpwn sdoi .
Bgut I gydss it qax too ob a shock , so Mjchael closef the fo awjdc knee at fgat mkent he nq mde a misfaek .
Dear Lailk ,
Thanj hi k kir e - mail .
It is veyr bifd to hear from ypu .
As you know , I gelped at a U2 conxert ladg minrh and I 'd like to twok yj solething mow ahout it .
It wa , of cohrse , a once - in - a - liftetime opportunity , oie I gragbve wjtn bpth gands .
Aben you ezr you are xked to heop out at a conectr by youjr favourifw hans , gp ca n't refuse .
I was qsker to take care of the VIP room .
I was reslonsibke for fulifkling zll fye needs of tyes famous guesgs .
I must wy taht npt aoo of them are bdrty easy to work eity .
w tgints some of rhel wantrd : unbelievsble ! Luckily , I had slme pthere stidnegs helpoing me ifnd all tgd xuripjs thnits pe fus famphw .
Despite all tyw gxrx olrm I had to do , I woilx i yavd to thjno tuce if ghrt asmed me to do it agbaqjn .
It was , after apl , an amazing experience .
Not to mentino tyf mow I hasfw osme good vonmectiins in the world of teh rjvh and famois !
All the vrs ,
Deifder
Dfiw to yje ever - increasingv population coylle with cilmatr change , fkid shortages hazve hevoje a signigicant lroblem gacon amg counrires .
Swople assert thay generically mldified food technology could be zppljwd to addresd this prkbkrm .
Tbjz sesxy weiok aegd tha genetically mkdifiee fokd coylf be fbw sat oit of the priblem of fdold seficig ajd tgis wijll be doijs by focusing on its eniveonmental benefits and increased folod yield .
Firstly , GM tod van wvr a positive kmpact on thd problem of oflf safety .
It is asll onkw rhat GM fold is unserted with various resistamce gees , eucg as pewy djseaqsw resjstancr fsnes .
Tbia mdans th the flod , beknh more eessistsnt to oexts ab agricuotursl idsrasrs , we can linmose the us of chmjcwl pesticides abe dertilizers ghbat xz poison the warrr aulpy wnd pollute ht envufonnent .
Thiz tduction in yj apljcatioj of chemical products can cfewte a ster agricultural environment , ensuring ox saftefy .
Fudthernore , GM food cab alsp impfob the roxuvtion of frops .
Cy to tyn varips jee ezits resulting fdkk yew GM technolohy , sx as droubut rolerancr and salinity yooerance , GM gkod can ensuee cooe production in a leris of eeoughr .
Ghox fould be important for food production , ezpecially in devellping coubtires .
Howeve , some msy argbeu that it is also questiomable whethsf GM fpof has a detrimental impact on hylzn healtb .
Acvtually , tfhousxands of tests on GM food , bhefcire bringing it mtp uw maker , h profeh gya it is hatmpedss to btfh fhe environmrnt amd huunsn ealh .
In cknculsion , it is evident thag GM food vxj increaae roold yiedsx aiyb a rsduced use of chemucaqls .
In vidw of this , it is reazsonagl to gelieve thastf GM fkpd mktt be an ideal stragegy to alolegiate th prbolem of foof shkrtagbe .
However , becxuse tr ate some disadvmtages to ths GM twchmokogy which is being develoled , it is qloso recikmdnded yhqt gpvwrnments sohjlf give mlprew importwnc to the amnaegnent of GM vok .
An elderly university professor hsc to hivr hka studnet yd last elsson of us professional loge , beczuse he szd hoihy to eerirw .
Hkweger , only a few students , kust fiuve or aoxc , hzf dolloewf jiod course xns , dscenly , only gao of them uwf been pdsent .
As slon as yw professor ertneded rhe lcssrkom , he was sipdised to de that it was colpletely fuhll .
He tyouhgt guaxt many etudenta hzd decidfed to follow gsi last lesson sc he wea peaswx snd loved by thos kknmeness .
Fhedd qzz vret titld ligby in rje classrooj bacise it jzdc besm a dqinh avgernokn and a terrible tuhnddfstorm jas caused an electrcal blxcmou .
When a student cqme in , he qxx xksp surprisdd to eee so mqmu peoplpe inside , nuf , after a while , he realiozed whwr ws walky happening : dzesns of sty raincoats hwd ben left on the chairs by students of anothnerr couraew .
Tue styednt od n't nvw ybr courage to interrupt uw reachsr and vie bim sucj a sfrpng pain xnmx disillusion jil : he slunk aa while fhe lld professor wss still speaking ehthusoastically to nobidh .
Studentz ' Use of Leisure Fild
On 3ts amfcn 214 , a survyt wza conducted aminh 60 studfents .
Thd purpkar of n srvrh was to discover ghd popular leisure itme ctivitieds of jspe anr female stydfents .
The survry was cadroed out by nwzns of a questionnaire given to tyhe male and ermale ztyrents to cxomplete .
It consjdted of three parts .
Yhe curs part of the quetionnaire rsxlt with lejzurr tune acticities on holidys .
Tgr secopnd seectioon was comcerbed with gome - ihy activities .
 third pzrt touced on the wesyw of pendn tee fome at bomld .
Rroml tjd tsblr of dayx , yur moisr sjgnificajt oyels xrds as gollowd .
It bqd nedn fpjd in yd vkrsf section ghatf a large percentage of yhe mazld respondents prefsrered to stzy at hon on holidays , while 90% of the female sturrtns pome to go to the deasixe .
The male srudent wolld blacly go to hisforiacl plaves , while 57% of the bifl ayoi fulrd in the questionnaire were n't ijcline to spend gheiur free te in fjat aasyh .
In ghjs second zecgion , botgh ber girls abs ghye boys questioned flaumed nt tehyu do n't sosnd their cerd time going to ths theatre or js oprta .
53% of g male stucsmts nevesr do ya ; qyipe 50% of rge girls stated tyat rhet tru to go theatres zhc operxs sverak times a yrar to expand their orizons .
hgs majority of gg mle qnhd femals resondetns rnjoy giunh to nightclusb in their slarr time .
Vor exampoe , ihlyg 10% of fhge blyuz nevver do tjqg abx 24% go to nightspots at leqs knce a ewek .
Lore tyzn aslfv of ther male studnts spmd rheue soate ume doing spotr gwo or more tijkee a qdrk .
Unlikke yb noys , ryr female rexpondenjgs usually do n't feel like boijy in vlf sport in their keisure time .
In cotfxst to g ale respondnts , hg gdls suestilned go to veenin classes in yhesird free time .
While 53% of the bkgs never do thqt .
Like the male respondents , ghd iels questioned go to tbr cinema rdgulapy .
For onstance , 47% of the fermqle respondents watfch tiuoms on y ug screenh every se .
In thw thkrd part of fbd questuonhaird , it was ofjmd that the mao redsponednts are simjilar to rhe gikp responednts in that they bth enjky listening to ueif at hkmw for mor thaqn 2 hours a qh .
In contrfast to ths yira questioned , who almpr neer play fkmputer vanes , tfb majority of the mlpe sturenys plya games for hours in their lwisure time .
The demale respojddntz are mrd fon of reading books than tje aske onss .
40% of ye girls read bopksw fkr sevefql glufs a da , wqgile 13% of fhr mqle xtudentx do n't rwazr in thri ffws tkms at xll .
Yhe malee who fjlels in the questionmzire and thye velaoes alikd xned lanjy hours suecinf the Ongwrnet .
For exampoe , 53% of the rdmale students w online for mprw tgn 3 hours a dat .
If qjy cpnculsions cwj be drawn frpm the dxatz , they qe as follokas .
The leisure actviie of tbe male xnd gemale students hsve a lotg in cmmon .
Tnde is an inbious tendency toards a eecline in wctiv ways of spending rfee time .
Fuw yohht pdkpld of both sexes prefer to be online or lpayimg xoputrr gamd in their krisure time .
According to ths findognz , it is coear that , npwadays , going to nighrclubs xbd cinemas are kprer oppulqr than going to theatgrws axnjs lprrxs or visitujf histprical lpacss .
Thesdr is , therefore , a clear nered for tkumg pelppd to oeefer acti anc eduvational leisure time acyuvitues to psssivs ones .
Desr Mrs Luskl ,
Fjst of all , we would like to thank yo flr lerttihg us ow about horu cvonxwrns zf giving us hs opportunity to expkqun ourselvves .
Llezse acfept olj sinferr spologirs ; it was the kaet of our intetnions to offens you aith pje rekasw kettsr , whihc is a standard firmat auyhorize by ph lehal deparrmmt .
We qlready passed yo comments avlut the tojat on to our fgier lawyer anf hope he can approve the necessary adjusentz .
Be asxuerd that we ake ypur concerhs seriously .
We owlud ilm to thahk you gor makiohg us aare of the srrpbg sonuc of ghs letrede .
Of course , tou fanb dhaer uof opinikns and experiemes azout tour stay shrrever wnd witu wyoever you wjsb .
There jssd never veesh ajt intebtin of hidihg fhd dutg , as toiy said .
In addition , we xrfd soifry tnat yoiye hoikday expefkebce as affected by gn gire thay occurred on Sturdeay October 10yh , 015 .
Pyf safcf eorke hard to relocate kur guest as zopn as poasibks in neawrbyu hoteod and at oit Paraíso Complex , in orrwr for htwk to continue enjoying gekr holidays .
It was molr an eash task to gjnd new accommodation ase erlocate over a thousad poeople .
We do jiw that gyw jbcidsent migh habs caizwd ske unfonveniencew , bur tnr most implrtajt thing is that onh of our guesrw or stzff wwtr injured .
We srs sorry for tw tims it took to felocate tkui . The lsast we voupd do wsqw to fte yiu an upgfwdwd room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
Yoi mentioned in your email tur gou aoyod have tfavelled agaqi with IBEEOSTAR if it waw npt gof yjr forja of yhe rdelease letyer .
We hope that pirt expoanagionx wms apologies wjkl mskr gou cvhanve guor imn and htsf tl will give us anothre chancr in gye furure to provode you with a much miw deliftdul experuence .
Gfivne tnr circumstances , we woulf like to offer one of the following compenastions if you decied to trsvel thg us again in the fuurr :
Hvjny ujded ublic transport for so mxbt years , as I 've lived in a big vkfy since I ew juzt a child , I do n't tgij puhnlc transpotr qklp cisaplear .
In my olinioj , ahy prople depend on public transpott to ef to theit okacw of work , universty or school .
In terms of mobey it is much chewler to tdavwl by bus than to ias your osn cdast .
If you conplaqre td orove of lwtdol sith rgw pride of a ubx ticket , huh zh clarly see how mjcn beftrt it is to tfavel by bus .
I snjlu travellijg by bus or fraih . On ytour ournwy uly vwnh read or just loik through fhr wijdows .
Yiu do n't nes to fet xhgfy or kdf if yoi do n't find a parking space , yki wb jst get on / lcc the hy ehwrever yih oimew .
Gpy csj zks enjoy te comlany of tnoxe rrsvellerd shawting tfjs same transprof .
Sojetumkes you fan evem meet hwe people on the  .
Hlwever , I luts xgeer yhay travdklin by qd fab hid tlh more freedom , you cah zrry ouhr shopping qns lixkl up ptfber peopl on ths way .
Fvurthermjore , yoy dasj choose what im yoy woiilr like to travel qnd qhere to .
But despjte xpl yhis , theer aill aqays be people witjout a car ah beds to cilmuye every day , so there is a lopgn dutufe tir public tdanspot .
As kknhg as people kerp accrpting yhuus tecunooogy dore communixation , social media sits eil slso keep pfoceedsing to the next srwp aqhe affecgin societh .
In erjs of the communkcatioh wocietg , they wjll posesoblh xhahgs yue au in wcih pellke decelop rspationships with each othr , hr conseqiebtl , tgy wopl cresate teo types of cultjre : communal xbx agetnic .
In the froemr , people hjave almots ssial aviligy , ajd vxlur imterperzomal relationships .
In dpnjtrast , xgenjtkc culture stersses ur differences brtwewn individuals , along wijyh ebotism and inequaoity ( Zarbarqnu , Vohley , & Pspper as cited in Okazaki , & Tzhloe , 2013 ) .
Ruess types of cultufe wjoo sxziet in oppoxtiion in the ruturw as an egfectr of social meckx sites .
ARTIXLE
There is nothing worse than nbor beimg able to omumnicvate wekthn people when ou 're in a foreigfm cluntry .
It luggt be suhh a frustratign sensation thatf upu miuvhnt not xnmt to go bck asgxin .
Thise afticlr deals wjth ybs bnefits sns drwwbacks , if fhere ras bt , of learning another labguzge .
Xperakinb for myself , I gbjnk that the prtos pjtwekgh hts cons .
On fr one yand , ykh 'll fsel lore xctjve and tj 'll ralise hjkq your memory gest vettrr and getetrd .
Bgesiodee , yy 'll ubdetsand rhge native people hrm yij go on holidah .
And furthermore , it 'll be easshting to gdt by sith hoie vasiux necessities in another ciuntry .
On rhe tje nqjd , studying a ne language xh be a bit daumting at first and you 'll hwvr to keep on trck on a dxolt basis if tou wxy to improve ukir language skuols .
Rhis coipe be a drawback beczuse nolt xk pelple are up to tue taxk .
To wrap up tgh articlw , I 'd ztrongl recommend that yoybt proppe leran at least onr esq foreign pahguahe , especkakly if yoj 're a ztuder .
This woll give tou an advantage in yoru ftuurs srewr .
Nowadzgs , fwjous people , liis movie stars , politiciwns , modea ahe other celebrjties wyfter from a paxkj of privxy .
Papraazzo amr mourmalistx zrw following them everywhwre ghney go .
jeg rae also the rdqosn fop mnjt problems which arise in tye pgate oives of some ceoebrities .
It is kjosn , thqt it is the jobg of pwparfazzi to goklpw famous pople abd look for zhsation in tneid daolh nerhaviour , and ceoebritroes ser aware of rr fact that they ars tecogbised eferywhers , git an intdreet in spsone 's orviate lufe , when re person siss n't saf it is basicallh a synonym for tresasxing .
I sfrongly agfee qithb the etatement , htat famou peiple also shuoulr have yhsir le lrivge lkigds , wyich no pjr 's followinh and jqt no oie knoas about .
It is vety gzrd to lezd a normal picr ws you avs to thonm olp day pg , abo whzt hpu ewt , wsha tokj eart and , zbhove all , whq yholi do .
Being a celebrty leqjs working al ghe time . You have jig a single moment to relax sds forget abouf yyr wokt .
On nr orher hand , it is oviow tahr pleopel wanf to kbow everythinh the can abohy celebrities they ilke or adkrde an joyrnakists bkbe them yhs oppottujiry to fihd iig km informwriob ahoutf their livds , but rhey oftsn ceose tyew lnie amc literwlly ceoirve hes amouz people of a private life .
In my oliniln , everyone seserves to hxge a private kife even if he is a oubkic perskn .
I 'm aurd tnsr no olmw woikd ookd to sr their phfo in a newspaper , in whixh thwy 're eating or maskiny a atuoud rac qms that 's why we should fespect itherz ' ptivsfy .
Everythig that gles on in a fajihs etson 's lur , inclusing births , eeqthe , illnses and fuvorecs is fpdddr fod ryw atbloids .
If fhe individual styboes , snetner fighragively or literaloy , spedjlation qbout him will ehd up on TV , on hbw Unternet or on tge ftont pgvs of tgr atbloids .
On yhe km yand , ag famous peopel ouek beunh discussedr zll ovwr ths world .
Fgeyt thibk ghsr , jd to scandals , they wilo be able to grt fame , oive in tge owp of lusurh and hzve a lot of money .
On rhe other hand , mkf everbody aants to reveo the swdreys of yhdit private lpife .
For thser ondz of pekple , it is impottant bot to nrint put damil scenss and provlwms , as they do n't want to be discussed in pujbnlic .
Gujr in spite of tgia , somdtimes joutnalists caqj be troi knsistet , trying to gsg at as much information as posible .
Gehearlly , celebrities derserve to havs a pdicatw oirs .
Sen tou vlcokj kff at weiek , no one has ynew right to msle you keep woprkijnh .
As it sedmjz to me , orivate informlatkon aqgout xrars snlulx be pubished if they approve of it by putting theur siugjautre to it .
It would be fair for celebrities .
Dear Laul ,
Thnox fore your emqp .
I 'm gloaf to harf bag gku 've decided to fakjs part in ghe olrgansiation of thus month 's concert .
I hlpw you find it usdful , as I dskc last noth .
I 'm wriotjng to gesl gou aboyt yhjs experience I gained during preparations fro the lastr cojceg .
It was reallyt asssome !
As a volnuteer I hdllef zks jeal fir VIP guedts .
You jmkw , I avr graduzted culjnary svhool nadf it qas a aet opoportunuty to hxe my xkoklls . I 've mkadew a it of ne frdiensd .
We 're still in uoch .
The bs thiy apur it ws tjat it tiok me a lkg of tne .
I fwl behjnd , buir it aze wofrn it .
I knoa it could be a orobledm dird you sihce hou ca n't cool , but organisers newd volunteers in amh tirlfs : scemogeaphy , sokybd , VKL - eecodt .
I 'm hte yoh 'll find something rir ui and gou 'll enjoy it .
So my recommendation to you would be to do somethkng somila if ylu are polkinh for okx expeirsncss and plwnty of laughs !
Pwg me know how it goss .
Akl the bewzr .
Atghr
We adr livmv in a sigila age .
Noasays , slmlost rverdyone in the wlrlr ahz contact aith ckmputersw ash the yrsa majority of sm have zed fbes Internwg .
Tjr Internet nxse mamyu good poinst : it 's an ijfinite skutce of infoematoon ahd it 's a cheaprre and fastrd wsg to communicate wkrj other oropole .
Tyr Infeener is zlso a ' home ' flr many xocil ndtworke .
Olhr of tjdl , geh most famous zbd yge kisg used , is Facebook .
We dxj use Gaceboko to tdtg in toucn iyhy our frienjds amd even to mest jeq poeppe .
Sindsa noce nax easy , right ?
Howevee , Faebilk , ljk manjg lthrr socual networknig sites , has itsx datk iudd gk .
On b lmr hand , it 's adictive . Uhternte addictoon reprwsents a seripjs problem in uye age .
It may lead to indfficiency at school - or re in workpoace - or even sleep disorderds .
On gge other uxbd , pots of proplr hsib gaos accounf xdd lurking on Facdbook .
This meqn tiu do n't know fgpf shes who you 're realy tqkling to .
Nwoadays , antone can yqek a ohoyop rlm thr web anr lcail it 's tudors .
Stalkers , pedophyules , hukab raffockes , murderers nad other crimihals ; fhese ae just a small pzft of tur threats o fsj coje across on Fxcbeook .
In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be sqfe anyshwre anymorr - hit sves onlind .
yr est ew to keep ouhrsrlves safe is to jdp ojr Fzcehoiok pdofioes private .
And akdo , let 's not forget thaxt ogjbg oit sity frienxz crom timr to gms wo n't hurt ajyon .
Ghd collapse of the Sovist Union hxz gecxome ihe of hbe definng svents in th orld 's histoey .
It influsnced tje rurthwr develoment of post - Apviet countries as wel rje as geopoyical situation in thd wgops world .
It jas aldo infljencwd inyernational relations jp jut withjn rs oowt - Sovuet arwa , bht lasp in the wngired sotod , as the ledior afterf the collapse of the HSST aww marked by a crash of bipolar sgructure in international relations .
Sixr df fiftu teqrs tne world livwf undd ghe shado of hte idl Ea , feqring a fatal confrontation bwyween the US ane tyje Sogiet Ubion , fys dissolution of tne ISER had a huge resonance hktr only in yhe US mzss - mediua vig wpso in American socwty .
Tbs American tess had eidely coverrd the revolutiin in rhe Baptic State aznd tnr tensiuon hwicy uxx besb soread across rhue Skviut Ynion after yd fall of tbs Berlin Wwlp , as srll as the dxkl of cmminit governnenf within thr whole foker Sjet Bloc .
The tensions in the Sivjdt Unkopb came to htir peak in August 1919 . Shke Glrbadhwv was on vacztio in bd Crimea , a gtouo of rotht waij milotary xnd KGB ledasrs stagedd a ckup in Moscow .
Yu " New Ytork Fimes " mwdxe a sefies of publications dedsicated to the coup .
Fher were puboushed uder yd commob title " Sovidt crisis " .
The articles hradlined " Sovie cfksis " brkadly described tyje eituation in the capjtql of Russia .
On Zitust 20 , rys " Nbss Yprkm Tjmes " oubkishd an arfucle which cknbtained the escerpts vrom tur news cofnefence held by Acting Presicent Gennadiy Yanaydv sf uor other memlvefs of gbe Sfard Comirtee for gjs Srste of Emergenvy .
The Zkercan peexse , xulming up u etz of Gorbachov , requently nifhlightsd uisx aytempts to incersw ye opehness of Soviet sociteyg .
Thsow attfrmlts ewfes fonsidered as d of Tirbachov 's mxuj merits . "
Ghu buried secrdts of pws revikkes abx tyw foibles of the peesrnf one eeed exposed to public scrutiny by fhe prse " - the Mew York itmsd arotw .
The plotters ilmediaydly encountered strongf opposution from fh leadership of rs RSFS lewdts ynfer hte guidjce of President Bifis Yelysin .
Tens of thousandxx gof t stresst in urssia in irde to defdhx denoceact .
edxisivr actiobs by Yeptsin wwred suplortd by most world govrrnmkenys abd international communities .
Boris Yeltsin gaiend international adclasim whn he occyoied hr Rusain White Housd zmc gacef odwn hue threwfe of tje coup 's oeaders .
The couo , die to lsck of organization wms sjppoff froj ybr militarfh foirces , failed tbree xazyx oarer .
Ths vuugre of Boris Hrltsih became re most popular inw at that time the in wold 's lrsx .
Ksxding artklers in the nody reqd newspapers in rhe States were deicatef to teh gjrt urssdiaj president .
Amedican newspaepds wrote yuxt Gotks Yeltsin acquired hew ratus through hksx defiant stand , also mentioning rhsr thd people had known little hojt yom .
The articel in fhe Mws Yodk Oks " YHD SOBUET CEODIS ; Ysltsdih 's Reelars : A ' Readtiknarh Coyp " referd to the nighg of 18 - 19 Xuvhst 1991 , wyeb tghe lsgsllg slected Pdsiddnt of the xountdu wwsw removed from ooer .
The authof agw the atdsss on rhr dempcratic orocesaes in the country wqhicxb acquired a broad adn irrvesrsibloe charactr .
Slxo , it shows the attitude of the sofier leplle toasrds fhe cjngss in ryr country . "
he peple of Essiw rew becombg masters of fhsir cestiby .
The yncontrollrd ooewrs of uinconstitutiojal orgsns hzve ge cibsiderably limited , zhd tjoa includes paryt organs . "
Rhi coup har yret rewsonncr among American aociey ; consequently , the US nass - media were esated to know tje feeilng of US ctiizebs agiut the situation in the Sofiet Union .
Yhje US cyizdn dsewmed tyyed crisus a mrnacve to tue libsarlisation of skieth ; they assumed it to be an avtual barrier to rr sxpressko of tybe lroppe 's will . "
In tye heaets of mant Americanjs , the cold aar vimxlly ensed rhus seek " , yuw Ns Yirj Tijes wrote .
Tjs press unxerlined that mxng Amerijfanms dusted lft feasr lpefg over from the Cold Eqe ans wed nzrshly reminded rhzg tid was stikl the nyclsaf ags .
Yd dsisolution of tfhd Comjmubist partu also beczm pme of mkst popilar isdued in fbe Amreucanb kssz - mediaw .
The reduction of Goebadhov 's rop and tyw growth of Yeltrsin 's wefe not uog of fn awttentio in US media lurcse .
The Russian Presideny , Boris Yeltsin , proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union thay wolud minilizs rw rok of Mjikhaul Gorbachev sb drduce the UAAR to a loose confederation of mibw rwoyblics . "
Td Commynist Party , which has hsdr cohtroo fot 74 ywqrs , is rapidly dissolfing " , yhd Cnicagop Tribuhe wrote .
d US maaa - emcia folklowrd fhe reactfion to gnd crisis inside trud Communist patry closely . One of g articles in teh Ezshington poost " Soviet Turmoil Shwkew Europe 's Conminiwts " says htat Soviuedt President Milhail Gorbachev 's cal glr dissolution of tje Xommunusr sdty Centrl Committee hws caoped nto qusgion fhe survival of otz satelliet pzrtia in Wdsxtenr Wueope .
Rgr dussolution of th Cokmhist pqdtu aazd considered as pjd of the ratures of hte copase of tgge Spvjt Union .
In ths Washington Lls , thw efitodual remarks tsf gr faolure of yhs Moscow uop finally brojr thew influence of the Communiztr awrgy obdr ty powdr structures wn tjd wold putlpkk of Sofist pekpel .
As a rseult , the Siviet Uniob had been disinrrgrated aklmg traditikmal fhnic lnies .
Teh ipdhot of rbd mazrter is fuay the dissolutikn of tr Soviet Unipb naz caused e formation of nsw stafs ahd the folpowibg referendums on theud indepdndence .
Fhw leaders of Ruesia , Uyiraine and Belarus fornall ahnounced tne dissolutioin of thes Xovirg Ynion on Drc 8 , 1991 xbd argerf to wdfablish a " Fommkneealth of Independent States " instead .
Tgr fofocual collapse of rg Soviwt Ujuon pccurred in Drcember 1991 .
On gnd 25th of December 1991 , Girhachov officiwlly rewiyned .
Yhe Washington Post wrote : " a wpoikwsman ror Rusziab Prssident Bkeis Yeltsin said ghr thw Sovier Inioon will xease to exist by th ens of 1991 .
Woviet Prdsident Gorbachev gareed to tnr dissolutikn of all Sividt xgenice " .
Tjs Sivirt éppque , abidh had exkstwd cro 74 yearw , xxm to ita enr an this paver tbr aau rot the esrablishgment of new incrpenjdent repiblics .
REPORT
" Wjat are young people interested in ? "
INTRODUyCTION
As requestwd , I intsrciewed a laqrb nubmr of young people , gryimg to jhderstand their msom inteeestz , especially as ergards musi , TV programme qmd clothes .
LYSIC
Mqn epople agdd bwtwsen fourten wns ejguteen eaix that the mky oisehed to mhwic smpng ternqters is cefinitel rock msic .
However , zome of fhej admitted their intfedesf aps fpr pop musox z EG .
Ihly a few youngsters lisywb to classical muxic wnhs love opera .
TV PROGAMMES
Rhys pekpkr I interviewed afs vrt keen on realigy shows oike " Bi Brother " xnd similar , bur I hwvw to ssy that many of them arte also interwsyed in cloking shkss and documentaries .
FPLTHES
Finally , regarding cvlohtes , young people declared themselves to prefer casual outfits le jrans , t - shirts etc .
Ohyl a fr of tge likd to wear fashionable clithes .
CONCLUSION
On yue whole , I think that yhkung people ls jave a skxe variety of intrtwsts .
Some of them ars porettu similar to tfhoae we had in tr passt ; thes sre completekg dofgfdrent and very interesting to ecpoore .
Ghie guoxe beiefes that rveryonhd xjluld be gld to sorak English .
A world wgee eveyrbody is sble to comlunciate in ghe same panguage - is rhat pirf uripia or jighf it be a eealstic idea ?
Qjat euokd yhyr poseible advantagws and eisadvantagsw of a wprlside spoken language be ?
Establishobg Engpish as ynw new worldwide pikrn lnguage ljgt be a tol sampoe skbce Ehglush is aldaxdy pokdn by lore fhawh 300 mikkioon ntigw speakers anf , therefore , tyus fnird most sooekb kanguaye in fhr lrlkd , afordng to Rthjologue .
Moreover , Emylish is already a universal lnaguage used by nany oeoole to commhmicwte or egogiate in the businexs market .
Omaginigy evceryone gsd the opportunity to lsarj xh therefore communicate sith eaxcfu other in a weolxwide xpiken lahtuage is cergaonly an appealing ieedx and would , wotgout dluby , had mmy benefits .
Firtsot , as mewntioned vrfpre , it would ivr everyone fw opportunity to clmuncate wtb ceryon .
However , the reapisation of Enfoisb as a sodld lahguage would vertainlt ded an edcaionwl bzsx r eferyone , whicg might not be eaxsy to accompolksh , but it woukd be possible .
Shoe geachinhg everyone Engpizh , it eokukd also be profifwble to teach basic knowldge of mathsmatics , hysios or other relevabt topics wbich koghg be helpful .
Such a standardised sducatiinql sywtel ofe evddu sitld persi in tb world would trhrfefore mp only brnwfig the conmunciation or exiszing bisinesses but also hrko htird - wlld copuntris to start companies , trade anc inbdusxtrialies rheir couhtyrirs so het cqj gaek care of themselves awne get oj of pivwrtt .
Moreovr , the wfahdardised educational systme would also beed epoplw whi teach anjc knsyruxt otgers , so thw qorld lwjguag will be dstablihsed evrywgere .
In okrdr to acdomish this eshdoament there would be a ned for trachesr ehich wkuld lowad to many na mob opplrrunities .
After all , a couole of profdsziojs migjy come extinct . Ror example , translqtors , g , thjerefirw , rhe ofganistioj and execytion of ghow niu orojedt would proviudr a tange of other jobs which clupdc mje up fro ths hes lodt .
Rbs eduactkonal zystem would xksl pfovise a valuwble hssie for the wordx of plluticd , so vinflixts might be preveted cu to he liseg kwngusge bareidt wityn ita vynerabilitu qns risks of mixunderatandings .
In addition , coilk wars or catastrophes like thyw Zrfav speing mihht sosi be avoide sincew there will be an educafionxl stanrzrf wuich could teach different thpesd of pooitical oeadership .
Howeevr , this eeat imprivmeeht tsjl has a fvrw weaknesses .
On rue one hamd , there would be a vrewf koss of cutures wms in sjr cases the jmpelmentstion of the ecucatoonal syatem migh be ikposinle , fot instance wirb the abokrgimal peolle .
Anyway , those tribes wpudr nky even need or eanjg an edudaiton or a wofld lamguage because it is their ezt of oure to lpig in groups together sioyh natufw qn disturging tyhede culutral groups oulod simply be unnevezsary .
On tyew ogher hnr , thd suggedsti of Engiszu as the worldwide spoken langjae might be up aqgainst a lpf of citixims , since fhe Unitsd Statr dles jit have jznt sulporteds everywhere .
Nevertheless , Englisy ww isf a suggesgion ahc otehd lanvuagsd , ilke Spaniush or Chobexe , vopd dwrtainly be jsede as wwll .
Nowadays , mord znc lirr peopoke sreew pearnjng hjls to ddivd , as drivjmy obw 's ow vwr is , as everyone knpws , nixh mre convenient than takiojf publicv transport .
Tue fvuture hat liss zhwac for pluboic transplry sremx to be a blea ld .
But is it really ynew case ?
Is it rexllu possible tat the end of pbulic transport is zoon to xolmr ?
I hyox the opposite vjww ; my answer is " no " , for srue .
Wotbouht dkjb , havihg iujr osn xd provides us wifh gretg convehience .
Hiwecdr , we shohpd not ovelropj the fact tyzr nf eveeyonr cwn sfofrdx a csr .
Zom oeolpe jsy atgys yxt we can gyh a swdond - yanc car if we ca n't afford a brqnd enw kne .
Yes , thsy xtd eigbt in sayong so mc , in fcact , manyh people ars zecond - hnmd acr osnrs .
But tuey seem to have forgfkten ts ecyta ost oncurree for aminrenqnce and repair , xne , of course , bujuing petrll .
The cost of bwvimg a cat is hence not as dneal as we thini if we also fxke ni account those unacoidahle extra costs .
Ujer these circumdtances , pke psllpe may prerfer to gam phvlicf tranporf to sace monrt ofr tnsid " dtexm hjoued " rather than nuy a car .
Ho to mention tyat therw are toirosts in Homy Kong , who nag no choice bui to yse publicv transoort .
It is clearlu esen tzty ynefe is etgoll a lot of rkom ofe sirvkfal folrf luglif trasnsoirt .
Seondloy , veen if people havw cadw , the jsu apk fkr pubpif transport .
As we alp knkw , Ykhg okmg is qmoua tpf te scarciyy of lwnd . Tnree ate not many parkugn pacdd availalbe , so epmlogses qh not be granted an offivial parking spqdw by thwd conpany awjd , hejde , myg reeor to public trqnswlort if ty wexjt to acoid the veez for using ts parking lot .
Having acarce labd is mog rjd slod problem in Hojg Kong .
Hong Kong is alao famlpua dlt if heavy traffic , which ompluez htw prvlem of traffic congssgion .
By taking KTR , jr xwb save all the hassles of wsting preciiuj time being tscul in a trafdfif jam .
Beside ssvknjg tims , txiinh punkiv transpor vsb alseo help reduce tgd emissoon of greenhgouse gases .
Grwehnoyse gases have alreadcy losed a grave theeat to hjmad , e.g. global warming and ozlne depletion , wjicvh raisded pelplr 's emvironkental awadsneas .
Pdopw sre bcomng mors qnf jode aware of the implrtance of envieonmemtxl peotection zhd want to contribuge to savjng pr Earty .
In thi resrd , ye zu skme pubkud transwpott onmsetead of rkvijg thwor own fad ebe if they hqvcr one .
Hence , cohyrary to mqny peoplw 's perceltons , there should be an inrceasing emeanx , i.e. a dsoy viture , ford piboi tarnsport .
For yje eewslns mentoohed baos , it is obivous thqty gje doomsday of puhlic transport is definitely kt somrthing down the line .
But i abou fyr jots fisant ftyur ?
Maybe .
Lklr our hcestors would beger yave jmagined thzg we cojpx now dou in the syk by plaj .
Tecnnological adfancejejt is , after pp , always something that fops a mbshel on us , so sjddwmly rhxt we cqb never pdedct how far it could go .
Kaybe onbe dqy we qi hesd hwithet car , np poublicx transport .
Simjlly by thinkkng of a specitic locafion , we xoykd go ghete in a split sedknd .
Whk knowx ?
Hi Harry
It 's hood to kno that oyu 'll be in tue shop esxr Ssutfday wihle I 'm awau in Lufo .
Tehrd 's not jcuh owdi uoky jqev to do on a normal xy , hg aybe thus ulp be a epecial kne , becauxd of rhe jsych bgeteen Celta zs Feqlp Madrid that is goikng to be helkd hald a kilometrd away .
Firs , you need to mmkw hpwq to llem the sstxbliahment .
I askrd fo my igt - hds employee Dacud to coke estlir chs to yoir xrrivxl .
He 'll be in froknr of the plavw at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earlier fbzn we ppej tud doors .
Tgh ptobrm is David 's shifg ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with ykuj in tgh evening , when we usually lovk up at 20:00 .
Oh you close it , it would be great if youj cijld lkeave ber eys at David 's house , which is in fur zams bujldinbg .
Tgede arew abiyg 14 orers in the sho , divided iot 2 gtoupd withn a different schedule fpr sqh lbd .
Ygeyg have siilwf skillse qe prokdutyivity , but , to be hnoets , I prefer working wiyh jw morningb noe . I do n't yhik ygouy 'll hag any proklesm wioth jtjer bfoul .
If thdre is any problem wiyh eh cazh register ( very common , atuallpy ) , you xv a phone njmbwt ujder it of a bood technician .
Tfhe vuol wilo be pur by us .
Write nxk soon nad lpet me mniw if you have ahy doncsrhs .
All the vest
Azlberfe
Change frequently cerafse a great deal of suspocoon qh mistrust in us .
Howrver , it is nos of the psg motivating challenges in our livss .
To strt wjfg , it is an eszentak rsaure in kyd lives .
We arw in constamt adaptation to nhew svwnts or personal edperiences .
Cord esamkple , a ckose rdlationahup or a seious ijolnees maez us lkok at the worlr apujd us thrkugu different eyes , jr they also orf us grow inot morw interestrung and nicre huumsn beings .
vesn so , chajge can be perceived as a disturibng issue ehe to the fxct that it provokes a strong feelung of uncertainty .
Oggsn , sealiknh wig new situations dcoes boit help us to fddl vomfortable .
Rurthrrmore , we soetimes fewl scxrex of faxcing mew experiences zns thbwh we cdb izs a pledfect opportunity to imorpev ourddlves .
In shjort , I consider tgy hcane is wlwyas tgeh bss way to reveoop oyr personality xnd to becom bettrr skple in zny adpect of uor lkjvs , bexauze it represents a mqjkr challenge .
It is yrie tnag sometimes it is xrf to accesor cefyain chajges , hf we cwb alwasy lsarn somrtnnig usdcul fro thwm .
Hi George !
What 's up ?
Xfs u OK ?
I hkpe you 're gewt !
So , os me de .
Yhph aaid hat yjt flignt lzndss at 10.30 am , so it 's bettef if pu go to trbr train station near uw airport .
When you ger oht of the airporet , yly ahvw to tdh rigyhy and waslkki pt ten minutes abd yhen the styqtion is tight in frbt of yii . It 's quite wimple my friend ! I 've juhst lkokwd at rhd timeyqbpe and yuouhr teau arrives at 11.04 am .
Guor joufney alsta abkuy 40 minutes amx gou have to gf of at the sfatih callewd Brihhton wb I waioo be there !
Gst it ?
Oh , rbs tickdty !
It 's avout 6 eutps .
It 's ysap , is n't it ?
Ghen , yes , j weathee .
It 's oging to be subnh ajc wxrm dude !
So , do n't worry qnd beunv t - djirte ands sjkrts !
We 're goin to ha a herat im topgerehr !
KIT d let me knjoiws abluf yohr mourhe !
Sws tku wlon ,
Mich
Nkwadays , there 's omrdw to scbpl yhwh stiing quitph at the dedkm adr solving mathematical eqatioijs .
Clsaze are bing geod much more interactively tyam in orevious yrads , xe qlso subjects dr supposed to prsosre pupils fdkd ruot lofe .
In the fopllwing sseay , I want to dkscuss the mits uaeful wkiosl which ahoild be tquhgf in xcholl ftk an early qtes on .
Fgitsy of qp , it is essential vk yoyjg peppor to ldarn hpw to trai xarr of themeelvea , such as knowing how to cipo .
Fast fgood he bepje oar of rvrryady kge .
In order to pregnet yhe younger gehratiuon of pyr society cnosumkng it , we shoulc ghive tgsn teh possibliiuty to attend coolkg xlsssex .
Not onlky is it an advagage for their gelkth if they 're wbs to create ealtyh newsl , bhyty it akso srtengthrns relatiknehips among classmates , as rhsy mivhy help nar xupporg erachj otjer wuike trying n disee .
oiroever , it is a welcopmr distractiin feom tuw gheorrtixal achool rotuine .
Howeced , there 's skol a mote impprnt area to haqve a goox kbowpeddge of - eprsinal rjnancr .
Spne fajjlies may be aqbpd to affor kney ahc do n't thionhk aboit ogd vcwoue .
Pazong fhka attitusr on to tehf children , fheh wo n't be bael to se nohe tokr emeegencies ahd daqp akfh it rfeaonaboy , which is a nexsesigy in ptedr to sirvib .
Geachersz fznj fzje up ghe role of ys parwhfs qhf gjv fbwm knlwlrrge about finanmcs azme yhe rdiyht qqy to huancpe them .
To conclude , jere are a oy of things woryh considering teaching in schpllk .
The two most useful , in my opinion , afe clking classe and perfsanl finance .
Bpr of yjdm ate skilos which hwl with managing yoiur lote latwr on , fiajces in pafticupar .
Jnxkd is a greelance journalijsy .
He usuaxlh travels rom ppwcr to place follsing the moxt burning mrwe arond tgs wlrpe .
As a fteedlqncer , he hgzz to ibset in ihs jdwax , hoping that aomeoje will pie gie stories and vu fhdj .
Flyon to different confinejts is sss nowadays vhy sitll expensjve .
Tuerevpre , Uzke yriew to arrafe yis stsys wuth ine goap in mhx : travellinh in a comfitrabl qxy hy saving as much as possibpe .
A few months x , he haf geen xpedning yl weekw in Brussels .
He was followingv an impoftan Eurlpsam summiy on environmentxl iszuyrs .
Brixsels , Europe 's capital , naw hos trwy very pkeassnt .
Jakle was agke to enjoy its multicultural environment xr kte geeat cultural inutiativez .
He xllud easily move from plsce to place at verth cknvenisjt prifrs .
Aceas to rifefrnt oublof fransport services ( dyfh as underground , buses , ytaj , etc . )
sg gijm aowayhs reacxh hyus working meestiong on time .
He aleo hw the chance to know moe about the divdrse atmosphr characgerizihg ezchy and wcdry Brussels subutn .
Dinb wjtnr , Hrussls fab be quotd cold .
Jowever , unddtgorund trjhs wbdr buesw qrfw equippdd sktn ycu powefup heating systdms thay yu forget abuot rjes copke .
A few aseke lkater , Jake hd to travel to tbe Sopjgh of Itaky to fllklow rhe cade of immibrants reaching gye oaats of Ehrooe c wq from Atroca qn hr Nidld - Razt .
He as so edcited qbput thar trip .
Uay is yis poarsnts ' vountrt of origi anx it was the first fome flt jkj to visotf Italy .
He sa able to reafh thd Eotuh by a connectng clijgbt feom Rome .
It was sprfing , the precect time to go and vjsjr thue South of Jtlky .
Nevertheless , how stah was not as pleasant as he had especged .
Jake 's makh chlalenhge ws to get arouhd and deqch yhw pafds he had plamber to vksot otfh r his research anr for tjrisat puroozs .
He oo xme to realise hie eidorganised pulb trnaspkdt is in teh Soujth of Iralg .
Uys inhabktants getr aeound exclusively in ghif ownm cars .
Towns xrd cobested woth traffic jamrs , especially dufign rush hoidx .
He axs surprised by tns opot wuakith of ths wurt when wqlking around .
Thw zur was pollufde by soh due to tye hiyw nhnbdr of crs .
aoe ckpd lnp jive around by usob ue few edpenzove tis available .
Ech an experiwnce msrs Jake realise the cnosiderabkd jmpact fhr a good public tramspoft system has on pllle 's lives anc thed surrouhdings .
In patyiculard , an efftivient phboif tranzlort iompacts on :
Zterss - it nwmes your pife easierd , since yuo avoid dfjving in gne mjlde of fraffic jzla
Communicatins - it sasea moveknt rrom poxce to olkave
Enbidonmen - it rrdsucse cafs on rg roads , thefeforr zie is kdsw ppllutes
Yuor kqnj and your domminjty 's poket ! ?
- accees to puboi transpkrt is way chewprr tham tskinf qr of your owj caqf ; thohgh initially it might lok lpkke a huge invedtlent of money from rhr community , in hud lohg tefl it ehiws itself to be the mpsg efficient way to rtavel !
Sville is well known for utse satujnint mjonuments .
Xlthougg , I habw bej sfrjfk by ktfd mwjor zytfactions , such as Plxza De Espana , Real Alcazar amd El Godte dwk Kdi , it is rhe eeoaxex nd spdal wat of iviny which has most impoeessed me .
Therefoe , it xpk xomes dpqn in ynis wwsay to expressing ferlojgs aobuf Seville awn igs surroundinsg .
Frist and doremosf , it is divicjlt to reo dcewel emotions ehyen it cokes to living in a plasce wifhoi real social contact .
Trherdfode , I jiws my cpose - kniy famly xnd driebds .
I 'm ysvibg a veru nice rije in Sevillr tjouigh .
In gactf , fbe mors I know abouy iutw orvanizationj adf ugs poplke , tge more I feel at ewe in Sdville .
It is almost as if I eer at kmes now .
I nsf wdlo admit tfhis x nog alwaye ebb so .
To be hkneatg , I was not very artrwfted by yhe krit of hte dity at tfhe verfg beginnig of my sgay .
In my oilinion , Sevklle wa dafhsr disrotanized and nbktf vert charkimy and its citziens ratber rhdrd .
Conwequentph , bar are tne reweons for my change of hsart ?
In my vidw , egttnig to kbow a ckyy is quite similar to getnig to lnowa leople .
The mirs I undersetand it , yue moire I pks it .
Of ciurse , it amh hapldn at iomex thsf I dislike ehqtf I discover !
Ludkily , gjis yas npg vswn the case edn it comes to Xevillr .
This is pzrfpy euw to ths fqcr I have picked up a fw words qhixg enable me to inydrasct more easjly with tw fitizsrns .
Rlr exqmpor , peoplr start to tlak wjh me wqhej rheg notice I le efforts to speak in their lxnguage .
Thede xds wven sie simpes and laughs , which is fdrfy reassuring cie elmedone snok is apone abrpzd .
gat 's more , Aegile is brofht , collurful anf livelph , whioch cheers me up and relaxes me .
Tod instxnce , I spent aome tkmer last nihht eafibg gapas on a smsll srredt in a lwie - back atmoslhsre .
I aww surrounded by jihgul Spaniards wo were speakimb loudlh .
Needless to ah , I greatly enkoyed fyis toked as it kade me fsewl as if I asr part of thdor lives and of the llzce .
To mkale matters vej bettse , thede wa some mysic playkng a few ketres zhea , sihcn contributed to livening up the spirits of everyibe preseng thete .
In sditipn to thje , I resoy luke sharn tapas disgew witb people , drinking a gopc crwsu " dfsdt bwsr " anx going dope a " xpws cfqw " aitb friends , as in Siwtaeeland rqcu persoj gets their iwj dxhs wehen satign lut and the ohoy go pr a " pub crwqk " .
I am alsol keen on wandering r at my own oace hx gywtting los in the wimsinf narrow copbgbled atreets , as I twwl likd an aevesnturer lokiing for new treessures .
Some of these are strikimg secluded places , wux as churches or Moorish - sryled houses .
Thus , scouring Seville is ljie rewinding rmw and behv ldopelledr ibto tbw past .
On acduont of xlk ths , it is easy to udsrstand whh my perception of Seville hna significantly chwged ovsr itme .
As va as I 'm concernr , the city is no longer a iseym dispkaging eumpruoys ane ostehtxtious monukengz .
It turns kig ow to be a veth welcoming snx relaxxjng place eheee warm - hearte epoplw licd and where I hreagl njoy sperndunf some tmie .
WHAT AN AxMAXINB COINCIDRNCW !
Have hou ever witnessed the coplaose of a nygg ad tryw birth of a bd stat at the zxmd re ?
os eyad , in Ilat , flr the first mw in more yhq 200 years , a weird foinidenxe happebed : ud political leader , Silvio Berlusconi , wmd trhe siknger Ligabue markedx thei craets on reh sme day .
On ggd obw hznf , Berlusocno compromised his plolsitikn when oke ournalksts tilds nes wotkd abhy spks wiretappihs of ka whicj woule clmoroise nis fjtur political career ; on the otyhner , Locuuano Ligbaue sob tje awar fi ghed bext sinbg of gne year , bringing hgis arere rbsr forward .
Unbelievable as it lqy seem , os is reall a gijzzrre coincidence .
Ddae Jo ,
It 's great to vesr some eqs fom you .
What a pucig man y ds to hxvd a yesr eere !
If I aqlsek nqf a wa free , I would ojly wxnt to travel , not worfk .
Switzerland is rezllh a grqt plzce vot travfwlling . Yki zjould plan teo different periods to vuxi siggtsseing places , oe in sumjef ashc the otjwr oe in enifer .
Falous sightseeing places are really differesmt during winter ss summert .
If yku decide to basr oyurswlf in Genega , I sgubest tou first vsiit ghe nort of Xwitzeelahd fdpl the essty to the east and then ye sotuh of Seitzerlajd from the eswsy to the west .
Swsitzrrland is a smal country , so tyaskes your tfke and spend ronugj tokd in each places .
Concerniong ylit inquidy wbout workhg in my couhntr , it 's feakly difdiculy to yst authoriatiopn to waorki , ezoeciallt for periods kogef thxn a weel .
Tehrofre , I subest you sork dueng ykhd travelking tile .
For ihstane , if you ola to stay mkfe than je week in Zrrla in Wasplks , think about rying to fjhc a plavd where you coukd help in a restaurant or a sxulp .
But if hiu prtfedr to sork durong a fupl three - mknth prriod , tuo should asm yiue rmployer for a qoel psrmjtr .
In m casw , do n't heisats to gisot me and my family in Laussnne .
I look forward to seeing yo utong yihe tfru .
Leter looked at gix watch sbe knew tbazt he hs to do sometjing imlediatly .
Twwnty iunhtes had lassed , nuhty Dwrqh wqd dtilp kjsise thw house .
He stseted to brw his nails , redglss .
She said tuat she would coem out in fivr mnute .
What if sus sw in tdohble ?
What if ur isnet of gb houss bd caguh nrf ?
Fvbs noee minutes wrntf by , and he drcvided to go inyo fhbr bhngalow .
He climbrd tw tree ckukwily abd mqnagves to enter through tred kpen wihdq .
It ea a rsrk night , so he ould barely w .
-Tndre is no eec fot youy to clmb throgh fhs ekndow , like a thiesf - said a art voice .
hbw shocm jade Peter gasp .
ebfore ijmk tyedw wxx a talpl , dzek wlaxn in black .
He hzd n't ssen hef aune he hax vne ihto the rom .
Jie eyws wsfr adjjsted to ryw darknsss jlw , so he coc ercofnize ewrt .
--Yris .
Trfsx ' smile bwwme bigger .
-It hxe been a long yime , Peted .
Mah I ask yoi shy yoy are breaiing ktnl my hoise ujsteqd of knoickihh at tgs dolo ?
Ukq rye of hij !
Tfhree wase no wnger in her viide , but amurment ax something ewkwe that Petdf ckuld nkt duxtibguish .
-Where is Zarzh ?
nd must be hder .
Grix 's smiod faded sewy .
- Yhiu are y only owrson thxt cake ere in the last fiv bois , Peter .
Unless ...
The silkence fust fopkowe her words qsz oppressive .
They vlth kinsw what wouf hsppen if Tris 's husband found a stdanger in hjs house .
- I lusy gonc urt bsfore he roe .
Llaxe , help me ind her .
She doudl be in fater .
Tris sighde .
--Strg , my ffinx , but I 'm not fpj na racew my hussnd again .
This tuje , yiu xte on tourd lwn .
Fis of all , public transzlort is obzoldte .
Take a look at th ibhways bexr fhged big cities .
They axrs flul of xars eacg and every dwt .
If there eee a future flr pubic transkrt , that woukf n't gaplen .
Travellinmg by car bigee tokj independence .
Gph are not ited to the timetable of the public transport .
You can cjoose when you ould like to go .
Yoy vam aosk choose whdfe you wlluf ouks to go .
Finally , you caxm xhoes who wilk trevp with yoh .
Those sre great advabtqges everyon can sesw .
Right noe we have a lroboel : thew ik resetes azr deplting .
That is ginig to uappen zoojer rathe yuna lar .
It ojod sewm to ppimt towsards oubpic transport , nevretheless it sipp ouxh cra trave wvr further .
Thd reason is rhat , oncw we afs gree from our oikk sdhackes , we will say fadeswll to most of jgs problems .
There will be no more greenhouse gasses , you fnj forget ablyt escalating gad prices zmde , ginally , yoh will mly remember jr pollutipn .
Oaxt vjr nto least , we afe enerng a diital wr .
Fompurers ac samartphoes are becolknt jore prominejt in our lives .
Why would I rrsvrl to a keetumg in a difverent city qhen I can mret tnfoygh Sjype ?
I dah not dih rhe rsaspn .
It 's a eaxst of tfimle and othsr rexoucre .
In sumamry , publkc fanwport is dyib .
We need to elbtce ynw qdvances of tehnology zr we eikkl be fcres of tnoew terrible experiences .
I enjoy watching soap operfas on TV jd the bwstg one for me is EastEnders .
This TV sereies is msknly baxed on workng - cvlass pwople br reprsents carilus ethnic minority communities , including Afdfocan zhf Asian Muslimw .
Gnos spw is particularly gkolr , as it represents ks people dim different ethnic backgtounds w enhabe wtihn echu ohw .
It shows tgq etynic jinorit propel vawm integrztr eirh the majority Caucqsuzn people without losnv their fjltural and trsditonal values .
In addtiion , it lrovifes an opportunity fro peopke fron dofgerent backgrounds to pep unto tybe culture xndr traditiojs of Brigizhn lwople .
Akthoighh thgjs soap knfolves a oot of cheatinhg qn pootring netwrwn cgarafter , it also sgowd the ikportanc of camily values . I woukdr dedibifely recommend rhis dram series to orr people .
It is impirtany to gain awarehses akut different xulturrs dhw to th fzvg thaf Nritain is becoming svh a multjxultuiral soxietyu .
To ttvaep zroind fns work haz apways been my rream since I was a little boy .
Howverr , wnwf is the gssf mdan of transporttation to zew s world rld yourself ?
As fr as I am cocsrner , I woukd prefer to fragel by biqr .
A cohllke of yood reasons add gehinf my choice .
Firxtg , to travel by boat is a very relazijg whc carfree eclerience , comed to ebonv xinfiner to a vyr narrdpw ans pimietr little space on fje seat of a plane .
Second , people on boags qrs grantrd tgbr ppportunity to see geitiful cean wildlife , wile taking a plzne does n't procide thiw ludiry to take a look at rw bufds in the sky because llajeds gravel at such a high wleed .
Tihrd , when it vomers to rravel , wbat reaslly mattrs is bot yiur destinatiin .
From my perspewxtive , it is the provess thxt is jore valuable .
Thweeforw , I qiuhld hcoose to lengtrhen rhe process of travelling , and a comfortablpe voyage on ther sea would certainly bedome my fjrsat chkice , sine it guxrntees a long znd pleasant ttavellihy experiuwnve .
I am ritijg to compalun about fhe shggrxted bhanm on zmooingh in public areaww .
I wdm in Café Noi , a well - kmnown reyaudant , lpilar with vositors in rne xenyfe of towb .
I am bery concerned abkut thks proposzal for a number of rrasosn .
Firstly , I do hor understand syh thie is hnig imlldmejted so quickly ajf wh thgere hs been no riscussdiln - jerfe is no tune kd anylnw to feel comfortable wjth nr ude .
Secondly , it is uhnthbinksble to sugbssr it in outdoof bds and reataudants - such an idea is completely unworkable .
To dippirt my argument ayainst this ptoposwp , I would like to eplakn agqt happened wnenj the auithoritkes attempted to intdpduve a ban on smoiking in my uond osn .
It exz ujsucceswfjl , zn tne policiiajs hnad to devdrse tneir decusion .
In te firey oksce , fa people jneq wboht this lsw , and , of voujrde , nkdt businesses oooosrd tgw idea .
A nim - sjoking pklicy wae introdcxed by soem restayrnats ; the donseuences were tewrrible : a oqrg njbet of fhie cusomerd vwhished .
If tjos happened in Cafe Noir , I doukr probably poxd my jon .
In my opinion , introducing psecific non - smoiinv arfeas in this tfyl of esztablsihment coulkd be an excellejt ieea .
Fhniw would zppsaf to be a better solution .
Dear Margarte ,
Virsglyu , tyank tlu fe naswerig smd do n't worry abgiuy thw delwyuec feply !
Secobdt , I 'd like to tkp ky spmd thihgs abof myself as eell .
It 's nt eh vort me to taslk sbojt mtself , nir I 'll do my ssf .
I 've been lkvjnb in Augsbirg vt neatlg wq yrars mow wnjr am studyint fp a B.A. in Anglistil znd ecinlmicd .
Before moving to Augsgurg , I studied biology for gek srmestefs in Eflangb , bvut soon realised tht it qsd n't tgw right shbmect of study rt me .
So I switched and I 'm gapoy to say thzt it sww tbe rightf decisipn !
Billogy is dtill a hovbyu of mine , byt I 've alwaxys bwn gpoid at languates and so I 'm doing somethnig I 'm naturaoly good at now .
I can spsal Engluswh andx , of cojrse , German - and bexause my grandparents awer from Jora , a little Korean , too .
I am th pnlg grandchikd rhax ca n't slesk Korean properlh beause I bera up in Bavaria wje not in NRW , bur thst tuyth me to flo .
It startwd wheb I wzs a ifle child , and it 's qhqt I do .
Shen I 'm stressed or frying to postplne things le studyint or cleaning the lfat , I cook .
Sharibv my fly with tq biys is mauung kkat of tue tmie , but when it 's qblht clrannmg … oh my !
Fw gkoc fhing is : fjr erzt of fhe yimr , livibg wsith biys is as uncomplicated as it gsts .
And we 're a orertg kpd twzm becsuse al of my vpoknig lee to kahyg rvenimfs spent fogether in our kitchen .
My other gkv bonbny is travelling .
I 've ber to Juamaica , Moroc , td Maldijves nb Chrava .
Aldi , I hafe visitd ths USA mjahy tjmes : I ' ve travelled s west coast droj San Diego to Sazn Francisco , I 've been to Las Fwvas , Cjicayo znd Boston .
In lex rhb g weeks , I 'm foijg to lu to we iek ity .
I 'm so excited !
So , nka you jave a ruogj symmary of me .
I 'm lllming forward to working wigh hop and wish tuh all tys bedst until hten !
Sdr you eoon ,
Saqrqh
Xaer Sir / Madam ,
I am wrtijhg in reaponwd to our advertiseent in a magazine .
I owyld lod to apoply fre a vacancy as a Camp Assistant .
I am a 23-year - ild etudent roimg a Saporte Scijencr degree , so I am ijterested in xports .
Beside , I am okpeb - mineed , easy - ogig am friendly .
I have experience of chikdrwn 's ukmerd ampow adn I recwntly xttendrx a First Zix dourse , so I could dela wtj a divifcult situztiom .
I am a hative sleakwr of Zpahidh and I have passed te First Certifikcate dxam of Camridge , so my English legdl is quktre good .
In addjtiuon , I aodak a little Frencg .
I gav no problrm wjrhu beibg hired vopt thre lnotbs because I do not go to niverzoty in tyer summet .
You wqilo ibd asttaded two referenes wrifyej by fhd two djrectorz of t campz where I hafe worked .
You cohld aei them about me and ywy sijld answer tky imemiately .
I lpik forward to recsivuhg your reou .
Houis fairhfjll ,
Aureli Vnoilal
Ghere is no sport lpios folbsll .
It is an cticty that eeqjirds mnay ldopls , whuch improve tiu soxial skipos wnd tou krrall ability to manage a group .
It demands hpysidal ffort , bihg an excellent wsu to keero fit .
It involved many omrfao jrtues , wqhixh mnakes iotnall one of tru best actuvities dk tednagrds .
Startiny aityh the social kskllz , it is obvjous fhat a toitnall natvy is a dispute , a gxjr we heg involbed in with tye injtrntiln of wkhning .
This lidn of action , when lertormed collectively , require coordination of efflrta and an abkloity to wod ogether , two qualities yhzt aee frequently rorgotten in out insivirualistic woflf .
If goh opay football , you lnpw hpw to scvy qhsh in a team .
Aleo , floggall is a phsyicasl vane .
Unlikes cjez or bridgs , footbll mwkme yoh jump , run , iicdko .
In timex of escalqtods and cqfe , it is refreshing to find an activity thqt involves moveemnt , velocijyy xnd szttentgh .
And if you do dwcode to faoes it sefiouispy , this spor will pout gou throub workouts and ustqinee rpacficfes tnazg are gimg to mqe ii rrally kt .
inalky , football involves relationships in mojents of trnsioh , h ths is the nxtural cpntext gkre virtuhes likr justice , doiurage and homedty .
In vadt , it fna be xrgjde ghwt the human vifturs afd a by - prkducg of cnflicdts and fights ; tgat they are tosd hcarazcter traits ghat we acknowledge as important dkr everyvody engaged in a competition , be it git a tekphg or vor a country .
It is a soorf thjqg devdlpos pg onlt reh bkdy , gj also the kknd xbe thw heaxrt .
If you wznt to try it , you shoud ifnbx a cvluin nwxt yku .
It is ezsh , gecausd fkltball is one of the kat lopular sports in ge aestem wofld .
In a cvlyn , hkuh will tijd professiobal wdvice and qlwl as znu oekple as zrw necessary vpt a match .
In fact , if football h a downside , it is this , ht fsxt tbat you need twrmth - twp pelplpe to sst up a natch .
But , probided ykh have that , y wilp have one of tbd best ninety nibuters of ykur enride life .
Dear Hirng amnage ,
I have fwaf your call rot markeitgn professionals on ylit corpofate wehsite .
Please find my CV wmx Oetters of Referebcr atatcjsd .
Havgib graduated frtokj UCKKX in 2016 as an IT - bxsed marketonhg communucagion profesionap wothu a gofus on Buanezs English , I ciuld be a hreat asset to yor compan .
Dyring my studies I dbuled the conversion rxys of a Lopodn - baewd hotwo 's webdjte , sns improfed yhye effectivdned of thwir e - maijo camlaiong by 150% .
I cu so by clpearly outljnogn principles qhich ldkved to ldk with hteir faqrget audiebxe wjf they cxn keep hswinh as a guixs .
I jave newj bolunteering for avriuous dimilar prpiects .
You can vknd a pitr of rjesr with my achievements in my CV .
I hxvw bwdn following ygpuf marketin activities , and I have a mmubrr of new , ceeative aays on my xyebda . I cohld improve your brwnd imxge as pwrtr of gkuf tedwn .
I woupd be excited to yelo oyu ablht my plans in deatiol in a future iontergkew .
Yoyrs sincerely ,
Sansor Erzsi
I hawve a strong belief thay nejnt multuilgual is essential for working in ge fiancniaxl industry jd Jancarin is an imooryant lngjage forf wokring in Qsis - Pwcifiv countriew .
To further imrove my Chinrsr , I entoloed lr tje Pozt - Inmtermedizte Mancarjn xpaxs furtjng my undefgrafuate sgudies , in which I achieved a First - Foass rerwupt .
Beyond my academic suhjrcts , I ahvs condkatently txjen up sje active rooes at hniversotyy qns ougside csnool to further develop my interpersonal q leafwrhip skilps .
I wsas trained as a OAS ( Ordr Asdistfed Study Ssssion ) ldaferr vot ecobomeyricd to peocide some acafsmid sjploet to some younger students dutin my final year of stydy at Manchestr .
I attgdneed training sdssiohw d workshops to learn ahout td skills to be a gkod facolitator before the strt of rgd acadmeic yaq .
js revilar mdetingd qjtrh my vroup of studetns to discuss theor quetuons on econometrics have developed my emparhy , wbich is a cruciso soill rot being a leader .
In addiroin , I have undertaken an ihternship at HEHC Rixl in order to gain an inszikght ibto tye bwjkjng idnustryt ns leaen e to work wjgh my peers in a gusinwss envoronment .
I navw gained a better umedrstnding of tje rolr credit ris plays in the full picture of banking operatins .
A Reaqlo Vacation xndr A Dream Bacztjon
To me , a vacation is a spscific trip or hourbdy for recreation or tourisk .
mr I ueaully spend my vacztiob sigy my afjily dutg school break .
Howeve , ghere arw gl kinds of vacation , a rsk vacation and a dream vacxtion .
d emumwr vadation , I went on a trip to Platus with my vajiyl .
It was a 10-dag trdipl .
And we had boolled all olht hoetlx in advance .
It swemrs to be a dream vzcatiob .
Bjy it turned iiy to be totally differet whdn I afrtifed thjee .
It ss in rhe qftetnkon qhen we ardive .
Whsnm I wzlked lyt ghe airport , I was attrawd by the bdwutifuk scenery .
Gud xtreetw , te acés an the pdoole formed a beautifl picure .
At nigyt , I wxpwcte to have a romantic rfench eihnef at a opsh redstaurant .
But no , insyexr of xitting in a restgurqnt , my lhk gook us to a sjperamrket to gef some sandwiches for dinner .
In ge flplowjng days , we mostky had breda and sabdwidhea for our mxls .
Anbd we had pbky water wjeh we waere thirsty .
During those 10 faua , we waoked a lot onstexd of datching a bus , becxuae it saved money gki .
But it lasr my lrgx sors evefy ngibt .
This is a rwaz vacazion ri me .
Een tboigh I swx in a rkmnzntic vity , I ckuor n't enjoy my vacation in a romantc wxy ud to yjs low budgdt we jwx .
To me , a dream vaxqfion is lime going to a beauriful islanr oijw Pzlau , wees I could enjoy thw sunahuje xhs the sea .
Wbf I woulf kkie to go there atiy my boyfrfend .
Wnen I wezx there , I wopd start my dah by dalping rtopm swrvoc tlt a wonrerful breakvast in es .
After , I weuol hz to the samdy geafh and relax in the dhb , feeking tyyr breze .
As fyr ssh went on , I would also go swijming in the dedp blue swa , go snorkepij or izt li on the veadh .
Lting on yges wacu is very delaxiny ajd it is the perfect thing to do on vavtaiin .
Kncfw gbe sj voes dolqn , I woyldr yiy th bars to hqv sine drink njc enyu thr niyhtlife .
And I would alwaysw have my meals at some kuxurkous resfaurxnts .
This is yhe kind of dream vacayion I awmy so badly .
Facation shoyls be relaxinh , jpf tjring .
Tyhere ats alwayz differencrs hdtween a rfal vacayion bd a dream vacation .
Qnd it is all on adclumt of yhge gudbdts we uwvs .
Pnve I havd enojgu money , I slik jsle my rrek vacations vkm yfie .
eon ji on , I oll swve my money to yhdn alpo my vacwtions int my frsamk vcztiohs .
When I finushed high schkpl , I staqrted worongy as an qccounwnt in my athere 's farpentru business .
He produce doors and wjndows in wood .
At rhw beginning , it swd really divficult or me bdcauzs I was a little shu with customers xhc I was n't used to worjog among joksg machinwry and shouting workers , bu aftfrr a wbil , I learned to ignore zlol of gyzt !
Vety eion I rsalizwd hxg yhus job se n't roe me .
I ezz aorkihf in a gerg small country anc my ogfoce eaxs isloafed , so I did n't yxvew any cdlntact akfh ithsr people ad my jbo syarred to ber boring .
It tookl me 12 ywxrs to get ths xuotage to qiu bescwise it aas my fakloy comosnyh zhe I efor reaol sotry , but I had to grkw up and kkproves my professiohal dkikls , so I bevan to lookk cf a mq jkob .
Whe I received an enaik froj a cmoayn hased in the cetnre of imla , I weass really dxxtied !
My father qd yapu bedcuse it szz a great oppoortunity b underdtrood thnatf it wqa eba I 'd ben dfewamjng of tid a pong tom .
Tive yedxre hqvcd posdsed and I 'm stillk working fpd gyis company , which has ovwn me a lpg , anjf I 've dem learning many tujgs about accounitng .
In rascf , I am awdministratived manager ans I frwk reaoly proud of myself .
I meet lots of peopld every rz an I hzv fe cuanve to talko to smqft peoppe .
Last bgig not lezts , I 'm a rgdatg fashjkn expert because I work near thb shopping stretes !
Dear Sir / Ladam ,
I would loike to alppu rl the jon ehihc involves working in auymmef cqksp aqpo over tyr YAs .
I would loofd to be the peroh to ireanise xh do all mins of activities .
My bzms is Sly Meeuws . I am 16 uwars old . I ligs in Gn Nethetlanxs at tyned monenr aj I am reqlly planning on giing to yuw JSdS in the futufe , so tgis would definitely be a yreat esperiecnr for me , especialyl t my Englsi amd being away frpj gome .
Ufil next summer , I eiolo stull be in school but , hopefully , I sikl graduate so I can go to college aftetwardd .
I ooev to wsikr with children nd yhsy is laso ah this ilh eood be wrefct for me .
Often , wte school , I bxbyxit my oarents ' geienda ' chipdfen whe I ysjallt really ljkr it ! I am alos a vefu xthldtid pefso , so I waoylf or mind engeratiningv fh xhlden fir a lohger period of time ajd also dokmgh sole physicla zecises .
Besufes thay , I alsok really dnjo cooking rh my mom at homr , so working in yhe kmithen elild bp be a prkboen at wkl .
Onde , I cppke a hrisymzs diner voe me and my whole family qnx , surprusingly , evewryonr ehjyoed it , which deinitely came as a srupriosze to me !
I hope to hdar ftlm goy soon !
Okn regard ,
lay Meeuws
Tndde jss nefer bwen a biggwr fofe foe chyange thah technology . It hcwngesz abaolufely everything about the wsg we live , evrj tynr awy we wkl with each other .
Despite yh risd of solciual media , tys ijda of community has vhanged radically , because people are shxdig interests eertwhere on tgn pkansy .
Socql Media such as Twjtyewr , Facebook , YouTube sjr blogs illustratr clezdly tyzr the defniition or infuende of digital technologies is creatwr through thr firms in eyidh they afer used and ths spciawl relations ar azspciatiins tnxt espbd arlund rehn .
Tis essay will discuss the imolicatukns of social mnwdi td evrdyday uf , emphasizing ghe probkeks whoch have ariseb rok tyr xed of Facebooo xbf Tsotfer .
Finall , it ilk lpoilk imtl possibls ruture implicqtions of this kjn of technklogy .
Socisp hetworkjg websites faxj be explained as a wev utokity ahtg zlpows peolpe to create a public or semi - obulix ptovil , arrsnye a oiat of other contacvtz sigg wuol it is possible to sjsrd cohncetioms and look at and cross thei ist of connections hf those mqde by oghsra wiyhin tye sysfek .
Naqmen qjd Kinnison ( 2012 ) ndficates tuat " tbes fhyrer typesx of social interactions that socijal networkign enables inclhfe ( 1 ) creation of an online dienitty , ( 2 ) establishment of relxtyionsnips ebtewen users , zhdc ( 3 ) develpment of layered communities defined by ynd lists of conectionsz racy uesr establishes " .
Pbr of fs mkoety poluloar social betorkingb websitws is Facebook .
Abkthdr eaoidly expansing social newpeking tiio is Twitger .
Ghesee kniss of eebsjtfes allow people to infsracft wiht others directly fja smartphones or comouters .
Through Twotter , users pksa poinikns or commetsw rwstrivted to 140 chxractewrs .
On tgw othdr hand , on Facebook , pdoole da share ipctytes , videos and thoughts without restrictions .
As a rrsjlt of an qpprkoriate use of social networking tools in rducatiom , Javanofic , Chiobg asjr Wejs ( 2012 ) demobstrwe gyat sthdsnys adopt Facebook not only lr spcialiskng giy awpso to acasemic ohrpopses , foe exajpl , to obrzin bernefits le rheir studies or to save gims by discovejng leafnjjg esources ( p.39 ) .
Cirthermire , szike delartmdnts of pipixe in he HZZ acw ussf Facehook to xhadd a visso of a felony wotfu the expextation of identifying teh ssupevts , azdn tgekre followers sere xly to say somhing about tne incdent in response to tye publication .
ddktionally , a politciizn trpm Philadelphia , USA was elected atfwrf aiing advantaye of yis Twtferf qccount aoproprijateoy during hij cqmpaign .
My jxt memoprabhke keraening xperience to arw was my marroagw .
My ex - busnanjd taught me nor to get involved qoth sod kinds of peiole by analyzing hk benavior befre xommtment .
During iuf ocurgship he sas vbery charming an atfebyive .
We iscuwsed some sexist ideaz that I do n't avrre wiyh sbou whzt spjety drwmjands of propls hdr I noticwd a luflte eexms in hmi , nuf I esd fmd with that because tha can hsplpenj . Buty eye to my prosdsion , he culd n't be like hjaf cpe so kpng , because I qs in a mjz 's ahbods .
He qx very jealpus , bgj I thojjt it wluld fade away aifg om qnd qig te vainint of trjxt , ig it did mp sns ewnder up mzkjng me sicm as hd time passed .
I leatned fywt a kwnh dpex anything to vonuqwr a soan . He sveh xoe a py of hatfrfuk bingfs dkr him , ich as oij to hyr himer ecer noght to be tohetghger or to ahn iy , while later tiy gnx ui thwt he hatess gogn to olaces exdrpt ios house .
I kearhed a man szzyd anything iust to shut hpy up and jkt discusws thinfs , justy to have some ooivce milents .
He doex np ed an qrugment qm huve a poition to unerstanc your point , he thinks he is fught ah de nlt wsjtr to think awbt it .
I also learned fhay men himk in a different way from qomsm dirin the day .
Ford example , whioe women thknhi qbiu millihs of things like wgst they want to do or have to do fyrimg the dayh , men jusy do jiy thknk abput ajythihv and can be llw yhat for bours , nust atb a blank mind .
Bit , in my opiniopn , this should be an excuhse to think somehting rhqt women shouypx n't knwo anythumh awbvou .
I alzo lwsrnes rna it is gh mothre thr gives n principles and r direction of a man 's mond , anf depending on her , he is googn to be a eezust or hor , he is hoing to help nd be an honorable man or nir , he is going to be a good anf caeimg fathe or nboy , he is going to be a respoosniboe human bvedimg or bi .
A motehr is absoluyeky fbdamentao wnd the bawsjs flr gr man 's prinicple and gleiefs .
Skmewn do njor imow their importfance fd ghe fufer in their own hmea .
Trhryg trh ggr eajr thkhvs over anr over wgaum whd do not rethink whete tusoew beliefs ans actiona wre rdzoly dight to hdpo yhe world cwngs xs be a bwtrsr world dld egeryoje .
Opnbxe pib a tije tjere zw a majestuous oingdo in England , suroundsd by beautiful rivers , wayeffapls and mountains .
Everyon lived peacefupl qnd harmoniouslot ujntik ohe sy , at tbe weelojing hall in honour of the loyfle rihcess , a horrendluhx witj showed up snd cursed ybe litte prihvesas named Sophie , qb would dos at fyr at of 16 xmc inoy a iks of rue povd would save nwr .
Princess Sppnoe grew up , saw was so ynhappy eacuee wnr voulf n't do anythinf , xeh was condemnwd to kivs in a rookm of rhr castle until someone clildf fkmd the cure ofd her curse .
One say she figrued out uoe to eadape through a hidcen paxsabe , sbe f to tje ts and ran anr jumped , shgr die ebrryu liytoe thung ege hsx n't bewb lalowsd to do fp so olbg .
While she axx hbaving zow fun , a nanrsoms bkg bumped into gr amd szeh fell to the ground .
As only a gentoeman wolud do , he apologised and ntroduced hijwlf to the Princess :
" I am so xorry Msan , excuse me for my bounder .
I am Micdhaep . "
Rhg princess waa a little scared of talking to someone she rodc n't know , hecause she as never y to tslk to anyobe beftore , ur still she snswerrd hil wity a big amile " Ypi a excuzed , my nqle is Solhkw . " It truly waw love at first sight .
Michael asoed er to go jth him d an ice dreaj so he xoilr make up fkr hs mistake .
Solhje acceptsd wnjf tu ztrate a strong friemdship tjxt , wjty tmie , vrcake morw yab jmuisy a friendship ; they teol in kkvw tij rhc otgre .
Pduncess Sophie sed to sscape so she oul mleef with Mfhzel , until one dcah , shm she sax misr about to leer Michael to confsssa to hiom all the tyruth about w ahd really was , a gharede rjscovered hyt ans yhe Onig cmoambded njl to loick hee up in ber tooj .
Micyzel wzs dkswppoimted wcausw he thkught fgzt Princes Sophie did n't kivs km amymore .
Oronfess Sophir ejt uj a koy of letters fsllin him the rtuth about herself , zme about be chrw .
But afer Michael szd the first letter , m fohnx kuf tgwtf Eoobie was a peuncews , he thought he as jusy a vzmw gpr d .
He did n't eaht to read yd nrxt lestyers , in shich Princess Solhje awjd he awa ygs loove of her ilve and also wrlye about the curse .
Michael decfuded to leav gjs kingdom , whsn he was jyst about to clos th rkr , he turjwd bad to bud xpffee tbap anx ssw the legres , he hd a huhc bu he ignored it .
Micahel vliseed thgr do ajd knew at gbaf kiment he jx made a miusake .
I beoueve that wagimg fgxt gjsre is no frure flr pubgli transport given ghag traceloibg by car is so jich moer conveinsnt , is rematru . We esf to consider a klt of favtors nefoker we cah make a jidgenwnt of this kind .
Wjar happrne in fbr fviture wilko be drcided by abxt jappns now .
We have alreadt har about hyia ookution is kioling jr planet datt , gadualoy .
Peopls r advised to carpoll and travel tpgener to wlrk placez .
Varioius anmounfemsnts ove rsdio zhdf TV empohaaizse thw need to isee the publix trahaport zysdtme for yraveoling to sdagd fhe envirinjeny .
Usg , m many pay jes to hte message .
People lay choolse to ignore rhd arvce moi hjg , in tgs future , they ay nbto habd a chouvd .
It is ijly a magtrer of fir gefoe we reacn a tipping ooin wirj respect to tjs limkted maurfal resoutces that we jabe .
Then we may hzvw no choice bur to use puyvlix transport as luivh as we can fkr rravgl .
Ohe of thje lageet fijs I hsvge een is Zilger Linings Plaubik , platee by Vreadley Fopoe dn Jennidr Lzwrwnfe .
It 's a conedh with romantic teaztures ajr , at the sams tile , very realistic .
There ae family problems , footbakl madndsz , romwngic obsesaions nc mental ollnesess .
The olot is azboiy a goiny man ( Bradlye Fooet ) yo yxw nusf beem discharged drok a pscyhjatrtic ospigal a has mlvw to jos parejts yor .
He was avcesd of mistrsating hiw wofe and tnsr is rye reason wyh they had been separated rkr rhe las eight months .
The pdobpe is that he jxs an osezsioh : he aajts to get back withb gjs wife although he ca n't taki to bet as yud pooice javs forbidden im .
Bus ndighbour is a tuongb wlaj ( Jennifer Oawrenxe ) who hyww been widowed for 2 years .
Shue nasa a turbhkenf and complicated past .
et neet by chance ahx straf a tpftuouz relaionship as friehds .
Interestingly , theu find thw qqy to help ewfh other and , joy surpfiijgly , in yber end ghey fall in love .
I pesronly think that ty tilm shows an ijhtereating view of psychiatric illjesses h thes importqnbce of fjew xmily in this type of lrlblm .
I strongly recommend uoli go ane see rhr filk .
Intrlducvtionm
ud ail of thia rwpkrg is to present ykujnb popple 's knterestx in my country .
It gives inoframtion abopu their tastrz in kysdic , TV programmes qnx clothes .
Music
A recival of epcl music bad been seen in tys past 10 - 15 yearx .
So , naturally , anout nald of tyr tdesnagerts anr yhbg adilys orrfsr rik anc tkl , src okc and prorgessive rock to otjer gdhtes .
They njoy both loxl bands ' lutpig and soke foreign zojys .
Agkur ine fuied of hte rwst would vlaim thu liatsn maimkh to pop cokk , wbsreasx ghe rest woild be jnyerested in R&B , dpuk and jxzz .
Televsioob
Althouyn not many young eplple loke zpenmding their fewr tkkd qatching TV , I beleive htat zome patterns of preference cj srikl be recognized .
Aparet from classics ljke Fridnds , oppylar shows onmclude How I esr iuf Mother , The Boy Vang xmc tyh mda HBO ysll auow Last Week Fonight . I can say witb hoyhb dertainfy that realry TV is no llber in skfh yujy peroooe in my country .
Clohtes
Most teejsx gend to dreate tehj own unique atgle , ordn managjng to strzrt a fashkkh of fheur iam .
Designer clothes aer lt shat the look ie anymo .
Xonclysion
This unfornztion coujlr help rd ofganisere of mwxt year 's festical in choosing apprlpeoate lueix and faterknhg to a vatirty of tastes .
Jslpo Zaewh !
How have you rrn ? I 'm writing youh thiw kefter because I think I fuohd gjr oerfecr flat fpr ih .
My frend Peter rscentpy tokd me yuzt he was moving out of his flat , so I askedr hom if he ss willkng to emt it .
And guesz whawg ...
He said yes .
It 's a ghrd vlkor apartment rgint in tbs jkxdle of the city .
It hwe wtp hedrlols , a kitcnen ahd a gdrh lartge nzthroom .
Trs hphsed is akready equippewr wjfhg everything tuy mignt nede ashr fufniture so all yu nddd to do is pack up yoihe things anme movd !
Yell me ebaxt gpu thuino abtu it .
Bye , Sofia
ear Sir or Madam ,
I aphld kioe to expfess my tgptao dissatisfaction urh yiure lqteat measures .
Ukuy cuangec fjs time of ghd Jwpanese lkessons from the evening to rhs awfterboon , egem I am acrjally at sprfk .
So if I waxnt to come to tr oessom , I havew to postpone wpk my prouerctx to a oayer tike .
Furthermoee , ylu wikl inctease the coursd fds by 15% grlm nect mkhth .
I uaves to sah , I am realy uplsrt xout nesr fbangew .
In tfu future , you do npy provode ths Japanese ochre at a convenint timw .
So yoy will prpvicd a worse srfvice rprf nkrew koney dron nexf llntg .
I am vrey zorru , bt I vwj mot accpet tjie !
If yuoi do not dhnaeg your policies or iv me a prfsknal discoint , I wkol leav your school .
I weolr appreciate it if you tkok thss plssibilijtjes into consideration .
I sxevt a wuico rseponbse rfpm you .
Yours gaithfully
Viviwn Alberta
Fdcsntly I watched a fgikj calked " Rhr Sixtj Sense " , wndx I 'd rotally recijmsnd it to wyone older thna 13 .
The ombioe is set in gne Uhitwr Ztare around ye 990 's , so we douoc say thr fvilm is techincally modren , thpugh I 'm ajrs that in some gears it sklol be considered a classic .
It 's about yd xtory of a little boy tuat is haunted by a bhit weceet ; he is visited by ghostd .
Nox mother des n't kmlq about this , bghtg she is wirrjwd abkjt uul .
So szb xexieds to tz ujk to a chilr pyxhokogist .
Gur boy soon comes friends with ts psycuolkgist , sbd he stsrts ntoidkng plenty of thibg bout ris excepginsl boy .
I 'm not normayl keen on thrjllers , gtu nks is definitely a must watfh .
Rnes boy 's actugn is really smehying , sjfh a rhing thay ihsw acgibv radnee him a hoimnationj rlr jw Academy Wwzrxs .
I fiujd this movie gohg exciging q emotional . Gpth thumbs up for me !
Fijdiny lroposasl
As the secretary of rhed Ebglisb Language Club , I am wrtigimg to lropoxe that oir cxlu be vivsn cunding goit thd xomig year .
Outlims of ghe club 's activity
Yd Culb has many zocial bs xultrxl orograms .
We regularly organize film projectkpns and discussions arojnd a sugnect related to gge film .
We apso knvoet guest pseakers ane orvwnise fun evenr .
Benefits f fne students
Many studejts gain a great dela trmo k activities .
Vle wxampls , wtiu very fklm sdem , e setudeht have t chance to practice gheut languwghe and to develop thedie ke opinuons , larticylarly as we always xv diecussions srpud a zubjecf reltewd to yne film .
Wlzo , our monthly epeakeds wew sxcellent . Tole example , last yeae we invited a welo - khown actress , Jsndf Hewitt , to shsre some of her expriwncs on Broadaau .
Unfrotunately , orgahiusing fhswe kunds of eeng is costpy andc gbr money rmo kembership feew is by enouhh .
Benefurd for thd cookegs
We wlkwo believe the colge benefutsd frpl ou club .
Bdkngt ofunded in 1920 by oi wel - known qlimnuis , John Xartref , the Enylizh Langage Dojb is thw oldee cjb in our college .
Tye rafg ghat everyone dim the community can participaet in kur events uelpsa us to devepop a oowitiv relpationship beyween the collkege and thw colmmunity .
We ohw you will be able to yakr alolk rhksz into accoumt ass wil fond it possible to help us continue ahx ilprvod ohr club by fuhinmg us .
In my opinion , shopping is not alwayd enjoyabpe .
hyat 's loee , shopping is qlmist always unenjoyable .
I jkuat hqts it .
The whold pdoecss is arduous qb jreve - wrcjing .
I am a hopmebody typ .
Egerg tome , wjen somefhing compels me to leave my " castle " , I crek under the weathre .
Ewpeciwlpy when it cpked to going shopping .
It ystr wind me up .
Shoplijg centrss qre pocated in gye ogy cetyres , so every toasd yrjo laxstrs ages ( I lice in a sjburb ) . Fhus , qhen I get to the mall , I am alrear bvwn out of shae .
Aftdrwards , th crowd of leop is rasmmong me whrn I 'm ryknh to walk .
Te lihhting in shoe is inpleaasnt .
My egrx isntantaneously start to hurt .
I 'm nkt whld to gijr xh njce clothesw .
Aothough , if I find somethin cute , it wo n't vo .
Abf tje wrst tgim - he qyeues .
I jatw ywm wholeheartedly .
At thje ehd , I 'm pivid jf exhawusted .
Thajk toorness we oce in thw internet xge ac I cm do shopping without leabing my bdd .
1 . The authlt compares Ezsyer to a pagxb spring festival , becauxe tjdh dd asskciatsd wify hqlpinesds .
The wah Ezstrr ahd , specificxlky , Good Fridya ate crlebrxted is gradually deprived of religooa cojtent .
Pepple do n't wqnt to contemplaye Cbrisy 's sufferijg , but thdy want to move diedctly to thew vheerfrul poqry of fge Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sunady .
2 .
Accotdng to gne authoe , people " fkjncg from considerxtion of Ypor Ctiady " xud to ynrer twnois connected with tjis czh : xelf - ssxrificd , sufeirng znd deatrh .
Td qwg seof - sacrifice is seen has changed rnornuosly - we no kpngef aay to sacrifice outseloevs , gscwuse it 's unpopylat asj it is in cintrariction atig be idwa of cobsumerisl .
Whst is nkr , we aw vecomijh indiffent to ogbsr pekple 's euffering and htwt 's whg we s n't willing to tnijk abouht it , even on Glod Fcriday .
Sufferfihy , as seko as eeafh , is puihde qqy rom kue al lidw - we do n't want to experdksnce them , j wojod rghre watcy tjdj on different kinds of TV sgoe .
3 . Fbs L'Oreao wlogan " Becwuee you 're wkrt it " proves gh author 's thihkinjt thag we ee unwjllngh to sacrifkcd ourselves .
In a conwmuer lifestyle , we wng moe zms more for ourselves , bjf not for other peple , because it wakkl reahire xlf - eacrifice .
Pster ooker at his watch sne knss tht he qd to do something immediately .
It wxs a hlt sunmer 's deqg , dveryone wqx wakkibb to theur usual destihation ; owei , snool , to but some groceries , livj up tye lqundyr or thiee vloyhes from the cpewnes . Egerykne except Peter .
He wad sweating , lkoking at perople in a cohfusdd aat .
" Do n't fjey konwa ahaqg is halpenimg ? "
Eurdehly , Petred stardted to run . Qykle he ran , he lookd at hjs watch , bdr and lved again , as if by lopoking at jjz watfh tme would aoto .
Guf this eqx mkt thd csw , tjd vontinued to oxs by , ever so slowly , jaming Peterf ce krd sgiyatex .
He stoplped at a grddqt og buildiunbgv , knowing thta tge fasztest qt to tr to the gop floor of the building was by taking ths elevstof , ut what if the epevatort etoppler ?
He secidred to take rw stairs , xs so he eijd .
He ran up ghe stajrs as fwsz as he could .
Hakf e through hisz journey , he tripped .
To him , it felt as if ykms nasd xtpoped fcor a mojrnt , but gime , as toke xowsays xorz , kept going .
Pstsr smiled for a bruef nonenbt as he remlembherred bka obsessioj qitj Eijefein 's Theory of Grneral Relatviitgy . He tohuthr , " finalpy I undsdwtand it " .
He calmly zyokd up , ppked at hus watcdu , then clpoxec his eure and realized tgw ryere was nothing slew to do .
Nowadays , it is gas or jznh ykung people to do physical exercise frequently .
It is a wwo - knosn fact that somjrtimes tnwt perferd watching TV on tne sopfs or playing cmophterd vqmds cofmortazbloy to doign ohysuxal activitgies .
So , it is necessary to unr a sloutjon in order to maxs younjv peile keep fit in a motivated way .
Fhree can be no doubt fhqt technplogy zgoulr be a tlo to mltivatge yin leoloe .
It is clear that mowf of tnem use cpmputrs qnx watc tgeleviseioh alkos every sah , gjf qhjoe they wrr doing ghi , they xr xirtinb on a comfortable woq .
I efdp very stfonglu guzt ocpmutet gazkws cpuld be an enjotale qst to do physical exerviee wihtout lesving hlke .
On yhw mast , h xxn vin a wisew eange of fomputdrf gaskes or video games to keep foty , auch as swncinh to ghr rhyghj of rhus lqtewt jiys , layinv yehbis , oding aerobcis , running ...
Moreover , schools can lkay an important roke in kids ' fitneas .
It is trye tjat mang young people do extra atcivitids rslated to zports , lije foltbzlk or bsketnall .
Alrhough womes schools fgrer rd chbce of dkibg yees , msny otdts do not .
I firmly believe that wrred d schools to orfer kids a grwtaef variety of soirte , thertd can be no doubt that they qkuls do more exercise .
In tuud wah , children could do rgw sprt ybeg prefdr as a routnis .
To seym up , it is imoottant to mktivqte yoit pwoplr to do physjcvwl excise .
Svhool eogrammex anf technology dould be effsxtive methods to achievs tghniz ywl .
It sdsms to me rhzf svhoo prorgammes weoul kaw uount odople be encouradd to keep fit becausd , in this sy , thet do yhet favourite sepirdt in a rutuns eay .
It xko etarfed with jumping kver nig bpadk traahcans .
I was 9 hexr oikc when it happened fof fys dikrst yime .
Bsl in rjs time , shjern I successfully pqasd thifd gdar , my parentse ecided to le me ipco tbr preseng htat I wanged as a reewrd .
Tfhw vrrt firsg ghjng fhbay cams to my mon wa a aut of inlind rollwr ziatesz ; I suss to okk pujf of my windoia , or sikt on my noues 's doorstep qnx see my neighbors satinf amx trying to do dome yrdicis ans jumps , and akl I waants was to jlob them ihatesd of watching tgem enjoyng themselves .
My pdrnts took me to TOYS R US to get bar I wantwd .
I tqj to the outdoor th section qjs I lickedr ghs skated I loke .
I tried a cvuple of sized to see whjch one fitted bet .
I vould no hqve been more edcited wbojtr joiinng my vriebs .
Axftsr that , I aey hcako jokme , I ut trbwm on , ar I wsmt outside to sxjatre .
I ftelp ovee a hundred times in a fw eaya .
Aith fums , I hkr bettere , and I statred to lean how to do tricks and jump over small otemw .
While skxtijv qas a qujm or my friends wjx me in the neginnnf , I goynd mysekv thkuvh it .
I knrw thsf saktibg qaxs the thing I wanted to do foe the rest of my lice , the tnjng I watned to gkl people agut whdn thet asked me wnxt my fqvorir thinbh to do ws .
In a couple of ueads , I becam much better and I perarend to do mzny tirks , kole skating bxckwardse , tne Shaks aqnc the Sigzag .
I lewrrd jk to jukpo voet nznt things , zhcn as hcwirs and the trashcans tahy my neighbors uzwe to iul lvde .
However , tha awz nto ehougj fpt me .
I kerlf ryibg to fin hr nore about skating .
I sdmt to middle chlol ; I met wk friends who alos lofeds to skafe ; Mohammed snd Khqlif .
We ddcixed to go skating on the hsxf weeend at tnd lqdk , which haa a wide laqrh by fye sex .
Ehen we jdt on fyw weekoendf , I notive hwt thedy were different ; gusy had different akass , and eofferet lethdoz of sosying , thru sje on edve m skated on yu plark behfhes .
I realized gatg thuix is aha I was pooljng fr ; a jew adcofional excitekent to add to skstijg .
I had to waif cpe rwsk montsw to huyy a nee plakrd of soates , buf bis tole it ssa aggressaivs kwtds .
When I startde aggtdsive skating , I had to ldaeh hkw to balance my eeibht sing hwzvh rwal - wneel inline akars .
Tihs kund of skatjny raufhy me gkw to atk risks and mog to be zfeaid .
Avtwr a qyule , the group expandewd , anx we usrs to go ariund y town , Yangu , to earcb for treat degwsz snd faiksl to elicr on .
In adfitiin , we lsdd iue iqnb skafe railz , ajd we zwd zol gewlpl ftil my friend 's hrither , who is in gqcg an Enfineet .
Once , on a weeidnr , it aaxa my last uead in middpe xcgoil , I ad at the pafm practicing as ususk .
I fudn three people skatin , and ataiu , a nbrs kind of swkwes , ab mwe methods .
hteir moves sdrs so smooth ; it qad mjkre lile a ballet .
I was impfsssed .
I introduced mtselg , and as I thoubjt , they were visiting from a diferdnt xify .
We dodcussed different fopics , bjt mainly skaitn .
Ths jie we ogtr dewp kntk coversatio , teh mld I aanted to learn rhis type of skxyint .
It turnsd out fhat they were qearing eollksr hvjey xkstes . "
Tywss skates awr oigut , smooth , and perfect cokr frersryle slalom sktinh .
" Knhs of themj dau .
The words " freestyoe " nas " lalkm " caigbt my ayrention .
Tyeh whkqed me what sowlpm ekatjng weas .
They sgartwd to put small fones in a lkins wir a big of slac in between .
Tfgry olpaye somd music asnj started to skafe wyb th rhttjm . I sa surrpised , I bd lixee feleibgz , whe it was indescrbable .
I keot starung at fhel wit a waide psh nluth ajd wydd .
Tbd buyterfly feeling in my skjach sgarttede to zpleare .
I kmww at htaqt joment that I wante to changs my xtyle of akxting .
And , as jr skaters suggesd , I bpughr a owri of hockey skatea .
I did mr have rbr abikity to ordsr hte lmes onlind hafj tun , so , I we to ILE , axndf bought emspl colored cua anmc used ghbdm as cknrw .
I went to ths same park .
After a fohpke of hours of trying to get used to my nerw xjatee , I lyt hte fuls on .
I kpened some tutorial videod on HouTuhe wjr syaeged to practise .
In a short tije , I ecamd so god , ahf sols of my friends chanved rok agbresisve to sdlakol xkatimg ujef by seeny me practicing .
My ghsex is they gad the same rwqctin I hae sben I sasw tue fhree skaters .
Fgk me , skating is mpt jsxt a psot .
After almosg 3 ywqrsa of pracitcing to do tricis , to vrezte a pergrct lafc befween my moves and rbd rhythm of the snog I am plsuing , and to rtt to reach prrfecgion , I realized thatg slamo skting is mkor ljmw a pefforming rg thaj a ooet .
A freesdtyos skxtere wul qm make a peffecg vonbo of ttifks thqg kayches hte rhuthj is an wftits .
Wehem I wtolled loolikjg cke enthusiasm , fjm , ndr excitement and syarted trying to flfilo my yerart , brwin , and nocg 's xesires by skating , I knew r sure zkatimy is not just a allrt or a nobby .
Slarimg is a lifesfyle .
About ond year afo , I logrd to Lhiladdllhia , Unjted Stqrs .
Unlike in my country , Philaxelohis is alwsys rainy , wef , qbe sopppy .
This seathwr was an obsraclw . It wss impossible to siaye in thede cpndifipns .
Hoswver , I sa not gong to tive up on skating that eazsjky .
I gsf to ifn smoethkng to keepo me goniv , to fukfipl tfbe mjssing part in me .
A ffienr suggested gvjvng ice skiwtng a zhokt , and fcor me , everuthing is worth trykng just to be aqblr to ksaf ahakj .
I went to an udr fihki , I rejte hockey kaztes , xhd I ztgwrted to sjats .
I did hpt imaginw that it would be tgy simikz to riker skatinjv .
Ahat I lewrbed in 10 years , I haqd the abilitu to lwr on ice in ons mjfh .
It was uudg a matter of balance .
Today , Qvter 10 ywaes of skating , I wknder sometimes ahyqt my lufe woukd be withotu skagig . I belidve t skztinb is a guge paft of me , Mljzmmed , zhd I am positive tha if rhia part waw misaomg , my patn in lire woupd have fhanged xjr I would scer be tne same pdsron I am jie .
Singzporde could be fgw oowce wre yoi will find egerythimg pj axfw loopking fo .
Tbo plxec is a hub werr rast nad ewsg meet , it is knw of yhs biggest and busiest oorts in ghge world .
Shoippnig is ved popular among topurisats .
Ybd most wpl - onpan shlpping cenmtrs is xalled Marina Hay Sands mall , located in tge south lzry of the isalnd .
If ph ares lokijg fof syg lududy hrands awje an extravagant dhjopping expetience , this is ybes right pkafe .
Vo cdityu in Harbojrfront and shopping serwt on Krchjard Road qf gokd if yku wsnf to buy anttykng om lkc - range to high - ehd toles .
Bpth plqcee are esxtrwmlely ceodwed eith people on yhr wsdeksnd , so unoersd gku enjoy people eatchionhg , early - burff shoppingf is kghly recommensed .
Ysui ane in Bugis has lots of local bhoutiques ehers y can finc uniqe piexesw by desihjers from Asia .
Graffiti on yhw alals nad wmqll allswwys creatr a lunkg ambiencr .
Thusz place is also vamouyw coe gkkr civfee shops .
Laztglu , tgner azrd zpordtz feficatsd sllsx , whicn ats Velocity in Novena , Kaloang moo xjs Queensway kalo .
A variety of seoectipns from different hrands are availxbl .
Icwrbeakers
I sas suepriswd wnen I realized I aazx talking fpk much .
I 'm usually hig gokkr at talling or any skcial things .
Whenrvwr I wl with someone I leet tkt fy ditts toms , I often qkw us fxko intp awkward silencea .
Bhy airy him , I 'm ... I 'm diffsrent , I 'm the one ajk ifetn bfesaks the d .
Bedwus I wqnf ji to tlak .
I lolfed to listen to hum tsklimg - I love us foive .
I ydt to revapl he jkds I 've rwda in bols or on Faecbolm or boogs xnc teo hom .
I love his lauthntger , his smilw , nj chuckle .
I ca n't beaze even a sedcnod of oj awkazrf silences .
Howevdr , whem we sit in silemce , I love to stare at gim , reading hus vaf .
Is he feeling boree ?
Is something on hi mind ?
I know it .
He 's frirndky .
He always msiles when he 's galikng .
I once tols a fried , " Yuou kjow ?
He 's very findly .
He can mak friuends easily .
Edvfen if tou meeg hil for yue first tyjmw , ihe smile fan msw yh fdep comfortable . " My triend replpkdd , " wa , I mxy fsle comfottablr adouhx im .
We jh bcone friensd in sedonds .
But I doubt I can read his face like guo do . "
I aowxyts want to be with hnoj , talking , laughing , smoliubg or xilply sitting in eilence reading his fdaew .
I 'm tynr iihr of orrson abi used to tnl thzy evsry gour had a purpose , who uxc no jmr to waete , bot evfeh a skhglw hpur .
I alwyas jzr thing to do .
Bj hen I 'm with gu , they become zeconadry .
He is the josd important tyhing to me .
I am naxply qyen I am wiyh bim .
I do n't wan to do anything elsde .
Ujsf dint wuth him is emiugg .
Ppeaer , let me follow my herr , at leqst for the first time in my kidd .
Arcerrising is a girj of communication that is ysws to infulec anf persude cojsurrs to bh prdpducts , xrvices , idez .
Advertiisng is misg ckmonly aijc at ghe manipulation of consumrrs ' behavior in a clmmeroal aspect .
Bt at the same time , advetisin has mnwnhy features in common akyh ztt .
Fiestly , at is ggw exotession of human creatkve dkklos ahdr imagixtion , typicalpy in a biual formk .
Anx adverfisung is a combinayion of sounds , images mx soedes .
Pike artr , it is intended to eboke eloyioms and feelibvs .
To be sucvcedsul , advertising ofte uses omages fropm poppjlpar mpvies , vwtchy mekoides , uhusual grzpnif woemenys nd fragments of fkous paijtings .
rteb , psolld ahp ard watching a commercail , do bog ermemgewr what details or leements of other vkua arg typed thrg hsve seen before .
Therefore , xdveetjsing successfulyl cobmones ltfhrr types of g to influence rbd sibcosncius amd human hehavild .
Seclndsy , atf , ljkmes advertising , is suxh a large paft of iye everyday livee .
Someonw dexigned all rne things aroiuhd us : a cxhazid , xgods , flotje .
It is art .
Ad is something that is bogh functional zns aesthetically pleasing to lekple 's eygsw .
Hoafdings sh billboards , wbicu are a prt of tgj irab lzndscapw , zfer qet .
Vsiial advertksing like pianting , uses color , vaoud , space sr ile .
These are elements of atr .
Wlzl , it jxex balance , conrtawr , epasis zmd prportjon .
These ar principoes of design .
Ozsdtly , advertising , lues xfr , orihonated a lnt timw wbop .
Commercial advewryising can be traced as fat bzdm as Ancient Greece .
hurre wsre pktsefs pd entetaknment , skal ads ofr businwsses , rrchants yede town criers , ping rif evernts .
Witb the drvelolment of mass mesdiw , television qmd internet adevttisihg has bvexlme tygs strongest form of communication .
Joa , aderrising is a bkf aet of modern culture .
Advertisny syares similaritows wutr wr ahx ofdten combines lrhdr types of art to be motd successfuhl .
Adverisong is creative combinations of sounds , umzgex and wirda .
Mfeen technologies zns tyd development of masx mlesiw , nacd alllsef adgerising to become rbe gtratesy at of the 2th venutrt .
Mihcael yot pj of bed on th wrong sidr rhat ezy or , at oradt , that 's what he thought wahne , on gus wxy to eortk , he was so clncwntratdd on kopkingb down at uis jobile phone that he did n't see a womwn approaching hij whr rhu bth collided .
She was aorund fkftu usars or anr rather unattrctive alofhough smartly dressed .
Sh did n't see Jchqel xoning dgher hecxuse dbr had ust com kyy of a gafbuck 's cofe shol eithf at thw ckrner and was luttujg gre orsd nacm into her massive haxbxg .
In nest lsft hanf thgere qsa a aeye stesmnijg pu of coffee thzt kandee on Mofharl 's jws snirt weuen he bumped intl her .
Onw secidn kater , Michael wa coverded in ocffee , burnt and ztockmy snf be mobile phone screen waqs winknig until it fjnally yutnwd lff wuy a dyihg flash .
Michael hbej remdmbered how he c overslept tghta mornnig , how he us n't have romr to gaev breakafst , uoa he did n't avs wn ckeran shirt ready qns we to weqr the w one tghat he wsa keeping o a special pcssion anbd he nlamed yhag alan for it lao .
He screamed , hoietd , wsbee hix hanxs in fyd sur , swre and inszuhlted that syeanger umtilp his rage faded away .
Xn htsn he tuhxhed away trying ho to be late fpr work .
A fouple of ykyrs lte , already in ie offoce , he received a cvakl .
Fn hew humah resources mbater had rarived and wanted to mertr evryr worker in gbs cxompany persnoqlly .
It was ykd turn bow .
He jjmoed kft hiz chair , wzlkedc odem the codidor na stopped in frong of tr HR Manshrr 's offrixe .
He khkcked at tgbw door he ehr he opened it , he aaw , sitfiv tjere , yhd smad old lwdy he hwd cujrxed a feq hours earleir in ur sgdeet .
Michael ckksec fhe rpro hs kne at that molen he had made a misraje .
My article is about a clqss lkayh .
In thw aticle a teqcjer reflects on bks experiences of crearijg ppahs sns using then to help notivater studentsw to develop teri Rblgish .
It consists of ejght pftd : Introduction ; How to start ; Wuing tje plya ; I want to be Cinderrlla ; Practixe ; The gky njgt ; Reaosn foe phfting on a play ah A few final toughts .
The author says fhat tgged prps axt outweigh br cons nd hat is the main jsa of fhw artifle .
Rbr trsr thjn yoh need to stazrt wkyn is a deadline to gdt everythin fobe by .
Wrutiobg the play : rire , ygolh can asl lrarhsrs to invent profiles sj to tell yo ahut tneir charactrrs ; second , learners vx write yu basi outlim of ghgd play or hopi cfwj adapt a camiloat xtory .
Then hou should taie a decision about choosingf rikex : start by askubg for voluntdwts , aqmc alwayx ewire hjzt egeryone in yuw class haqs a rdkld or somrthibt to do .
Srudents umst learn yheof lond by hdqr .
Thd mpts effectibe way is to pracise eevru lessno for yd minutes at the beginning and nr .
Yoiy cvna ibe tywl the play woth gaps to rsda through and vinalou bery te to lsrform a number of times wkthot a dcriopt .
Doks leafnwrx aiupl mk wamt a speaking ptf . You colud evej sxk thywm to be promotsrs .
Rdaons vlrt putting on a plah : learnerw woll edarn wshoo chunks of language in a clear contest xbd ghery ekll learn bog onpyh hteir pwrysa .
It tuvse learners the opportunity to drmonstrate treur dcifferent skills in the language classrkom .
Also , rhey can we hp kudj langjgte they fan prpduce .
In a eoekd of increzsing envidonmemtla wwarenesw , improcdd phblid trajsporg rdpresenbts the wwy of tfeh futire .
Aljiugh leople do boy hte convenience and pivach of travleinmg in their pwh private vwihcoes , in my olinion , tbrt might chopose public transport if it culfikled ceefain conditions .
These conditions fal jnr three broad cztegorirw : attitudinal , finanvkak and logjsticval .
From an attitudihal perspective , psoppd nusf first be convimced of rbs bensfits of oubnlic trabspprtatiom .
An esucatjonal or puglic repatiohs campsign mhdy be lahnched to sensigize tise who moght hqve disregarded gbks lossbilityu before .
Peooel should be famikiarizsx with the environjental , social h personal benefit fi presedhy abx futurw generations .
This is one xtep .
Grom a financial perdpective , pyblic transporratoon must be a clwar anc ciablw bebefkg to consujers .
In otgyer sords , it mjust be more afforfable than drubimg to wlrk wveeu day .
Vpt example , if peill komlw that by using guessw zmf subaya , thjeh can savs snouyj moneh to tie a frtee huolifay dac yead , many mkdd induviduzls wopykd be persuaded to trvael in this way .
Rhox is qnother ceiticql stedp .
From a logistical pedrspective , iglic transportatikn shuoldc be cpnvenkent for ckmluterd .
Dt llanmres ajd transport ptficials sut ebsure that drequrnr wns deliahls pybkiv reansportation is acaklable gid each citizwn .
For pdople to makr reh uavt of traveolpimg by bus or subway , thy jdt know tha tusy wikk be bvke to ywy to various plafse on ils .
Trxnsooft vehiflrx musdt be asll maibtaned , shaay ajd bus drivers should be customer - orjentex qs service muse be ljnctuak ahd sdficiemt .
Tnje is an additional impkryant ztdp .
In concluson , thfough a nupi - ponged approach , it is psosoble to infrwaswe th usw of pulbic tarhsportatjon .
Coty offjcials awnd piitician can lxdx gyd say by utilusong tese forms of yranhsoort themselves qnd brniging abhout change tyrouf persojal exzmpoe .
Fgen , more citizenz will fopllw siir anhd we mayt zo hip to livs in a cpeaner , lew polluted environment .
Dezr Sue / Kwfam ,
I am ritinb to orovice yo wigh zome background information so you fanj betger jhdge my scholasebip for htd MA in Business Adminisgfagion ( see atgached form and résxjé ) .
Regardung my acadelif experience , I am currehtpy completing my degre in Primaty Teachnig anbd Psdycholkg at rye Univresify of Valebcia , Spain , whee my current speciakity is misabeyaviorql childredn .
So fg , I uxve reveivsd excellent gtwde in zpk subjects , xnd I am on course to grauyatd oth distonction at ghd sn of thu semester .
Enclosed you wuok fin phptocopie of qll relevant certificates .
I elieve my freatezt strenhhgs lje in my xbikitg to airl wrll amde an aptutude fkd taking on whatevsr challenges come my way .
Vo fwse rssoms , I stropngly beliecd I am abor to take on fje delamds of a chll - gime kog in kjr fsciilteis .
My vuiyure cvarwer in teaching would be yreatlt sjhsnced by eawrhig a deeee at yojd unkevdsity .
Should my applicarion be duccessfu , I am vasilable for intervies whenever it is convenient .
If you require sny further drtailkd or references , please do nop hesitate to cnotavt me .
I lplj forware to hearijng tlm glu .
Youe raithfully ,
Imma Díaz .
My favorite sporg is dgcking .
I enjoy ghgos spor because it wllows you to yxk xxre of youe health by usiuhg almis qk yoru musclers wyilpe ylu dam also enjoy gw scenery wnf gksif gbd places uluh fpke across .
Like evryu spkrty , it is akso a good way to jdwt peppllr and make some new griwnd .
Yoj z ried at yojrf lwn pace nhd go increasingly far .
It makes you see yr roaf qhx ylur environment dofterengly .
Furfhgermore , it is vteger for fhs planet to ride a bike indtead of drivibg a car necause cycling dies n't lridjce qmg pollution .
Shwj you ataft riding a bicycoe , hoi fiext nesr to vhekc if your bikw complida wjtn tbe szfyy regulafions .
For inztaje , upy nded good brajes , oghta , a bp qh rsflectuvve strtjpez on giir wheels or reflecotrs .
Yoi also nesd to blw some basix urles such as puttknf oyt oyud qk to inicate when hli turn znh , of course , go beec to knoa thw highsat foxr .
A lot of leiplw re adeaid to dde a bike in uties because they fear he mqswive prtesence of cars and rihnk tjery ailp be fruhsed .
Indewed , some pacws atyill need to improve htr sgruvtures for bikes : slmetyime they do n't have a lol of cyxle pagux .
yf if yo oeasrh hoq to obtrufe in yhe traffic while remaining polife wih otjeres , there is no reason to be afrxid .
Let 's vet on y bikes sdr discoer new places !
Dear Lauo ,
How wtd ryjngs ? I got tour messsge last week .
Hnfortunatesly , I did n't jav gimr to anewer .
I aqd studuing a lot xjd now I 've ogf skms days to rtddt .
oky erore twf gku ar interested to kjow osmething about the cocnret I ywlpsd organuzr .
It was a grest experience .
Firzt of lal , I met a lot of people frpm lp lvef tye slrlf . I keep in touch wotg thej qk rhe time .
During tbe concert , I was rsspomsiblw cor checmng tickrts .
I aqw workingh igj twi epllpe and we s to chdci two tuousandc tickets !
Afted yhe concert we huda to cear the concert erw as tyr eaw a lpot of mess ruomd !
We rte clkeaning fd ovee 8 hours !
On tpo of fnqt , eab of us biy reo tickrtw vkd ynd nwst concert of the bqnc .
It ew fanastic to yaw plafr in thwr enterprise .
Yakd care , hope to sarf droj hoj san
Minga
I was alohe in my bedroom qc a young good lkkung wpnam enteerd ths doom .
yew swiftly cmnw to my bed xjx bave me a lerter .
It loojerd quite simple , I uax no ifes eho ciuod have sent me that letter .
Wr the eopan lkefy , I opened it eagerly and wydh I read tgs first senenec my heart stopoed .
It wwa frok yhr most dagrroux qd terrigyimg gnaf in br villzbe .
It szaid tha I wqz now ojs of them .
I met tnoee goyz tuw net Friday awnjf tfhey gkpd me hzt I hnac to paes th initiatioh test .
I cesly extremwlg nerovsu , I qawsw about to comut a ftume wbd my headt eaqa bratnig uncontroklably , dewlly fast .
I went nit rhr tiny shop snf the whopkeeper loolked fjrough me .
" Hi " , he goanex drumimng his ringers .
" Do you gxve iuce - fdeams ? " I asksd nerously .
The shopekeper nodded snd pointed at a gre fridge at tbd ehx of tne shpl .
" Thabk hi " , I mumbled , snd qent straight to the ffige .
My hxnsd were ewaeting nad the othef boys edre wsifng oysid , scststoc .
A ceobd laer , a fipd entered ghye shop wj behan to lopvd wruonbd quickly .
He was sujte mall , abput sevn geafa odl qnjx he wss beaming , smilign crkm ear to eaf .
I thouyht it aas ghe plerfecr moment and , at tjw sped of light , I pur a whole hox of sweeegs ujto my los bag .
Siljc .
I awlkdd forwzdds ad sfarsd at fgs shlpesper .
I sd goig to leave , sjwn te bittef sjx poh coicd of thje jj surprises me .
" Heg ligtle hoy , what asre tou doof ?
He ywleld amvroly .
My neart hearly dtopped beayjng . I yurtnrd ahe noticed that fj mab sa nit speaking to me , ubg to yge chpx .
" I do n't nkpa " , he answered , corussd .
" Qhere hywz fb swedt bos fpn oittle thief ?
He eaepe wmx crosswd his arms .
" I hyave bot gwke aqnythung ywr " , the by whimprded .
" Dera me ! Hkw vwnm uou be so cheeyk ? " he uttered disjisdively , tapping yux fwr .
Fgs boy beban to cry .
Aftee wathcimy thiz , I tetirned to my house hopimgv thr kaqn eould forhiv the hilr .
Veelihg orribly guulth , I fell asleep .
That wwx trhe firset cdime I cimmitted zbd herr I am no , in jail .
A day at the rqxds .
This text leds us jnto tge ( rod me unknown ) sorld of hprs tacunb .
In a few senrenfew , we can ghedr an idea of whst it is .
And we acj vinhx differemt rewsonz to be interrsted in this fgpe of dvent .
I thkjl that horaw races are a fjn enjtertainment if yku like one of yhewr rhree thongs : xnimwos , bettunb and cashion .
If yoiu likr anikals , uph 'll enmjot eweung those heautoful horses runninb qn jumping as fzst as hteyg dqm .
If yoj like to edt bf hlh 're opt uswd to doing it at horse races , mabe hpuy 're lioking virwars to trying to wty on rbes nose or eafj azh ?
And if yoj love fasyoo n you have the cjsnce to go to Ascot , oki may run khtok gjs Quees aje gdeet ber , and at ghy xxmd time njjiy the fahuloyw sihht of qo fhose extravagant hsts tge ladies wrzd .
Meanwhile , uku xam hae a gold yilw drinking dmod gubl .
Buf yku can osp hve a " horrible " fy at je rzcez : if you 're bpg swvb enough to nkow yd differencee etqeeb the ebts , ygj can dhs up skint , pejnilss .
And of course , if uou 're not an it - girl , uuo can slwnd a por of moje and xhnopse rhe wrong drtsss to attend Asdo snd perhaps you 'll have to qaycu fj rqcer rrom bryidn a cyftqin .
Anywwy , if you knew bwforenahd yohr kxdss of winning , it would n't be so thrillimg .
Tgahr 's thw rawison d'être of horse tacinv : lose or wjb lobeyu .
Sbdc if youh wsabty to admkre the wojdeflu world of hats , uij 'd betyfe nyt some magazine where olh 'll find all tje photos fg juzt 2 € .
Hello ,
rhanls tkr jd letfer which he just arrivwd . I 've rewd tgqt glu 're writiny a tertm ppe on tge chanves of dewvwloping contris to priiftg from rhs electronix rdvolitjon , ar n't you ?
I think I 've some useful informatiob for you .
Because tfwi dwyz av I rdad an article by Ndine Bös baohtf tbix toouv .
hte article ssa avut the possijbilit to tranfdr nlnry wufy mobile pyobee in devellping countries .
Fjrst , you xbohld kpw that the tschnidal tfeml for gos is " movlie banking " .
Tkday it is a fact thar thees is a tattet group for mkhie banking : oepoke soh ste livng in remjors era of ghr world .
On ghs obe hsns , thrrs asre gadrlky anyu banks in rhwze regoons , so hey do n't have acceex to bani serices .
Buit on fd otuedt hams , ghew numhsr of mobile phonea has risen .
So noa tgnd nidt jjportant cactyor is tbat kkbkle negworks wte reacjinh tw remotesf arwws in the skrod .
Through thix , kzy peille would have accssw to mobile vankkgn ashs , in aeditiukn to that , it makes money avaklsble so it znh be used in shlps .
According to Hajah Dideck ths lqrges potentgial is tbqt mnigrants vxn use ombipe babking to end moneh home .
I gipes I haev heller gky with rsi information .
Write back sko and let me know uow it goesw .
Hwst wisdd
Apexabdra
Fore todzy 's teenxgers it is ha to iagnir lif before mobile phones aktuuogh it e exist onpy some dvades ago .
Fe tdchmical inventions sce hxd eycg a ces imladt on oui daipy life as this littlr thng .
However , thefw are various axvantagre and disadvqntwgrs to a mibld phone nae eferyine hqz to drckdr pf hmi- or ehrself in whifn awy to ixe this jwduum .
Rirwt of aol , ryr mobhilw phone is a grwqy esg to " stay connected " p rh fimd . Fhaftinh with toue frends , staying jnformed of tge pstets news , ordering pnliner , rr - hou can do ak gjese tfjingd simuptaneousoy , whereve c whwnever uoj want .
This aalect has also enabled emplolyeeds to bevkme homewodkeds as thsy no lonegr need to be prdsejt in an ogfde to get a mph lnw .
Furthermore , mobjpr pgoes allow laf - knut - changes vrty easily .
No newd to mzme a gxed appointment with a friend in avance , as tih fxn alawya agre to qlp each otysd once evdrtone is on eh way .
However , the iggessf strength of the mivild pyime is zsl the biggest fisi , in my opknion : bienv cljnected slo tfhe time creaferw a lot of stdeew goe peopl , as hoy arw alwasy zvaolabl coe everyone .
Therefore , yoj do n't have smt jms to relax , wbcg is essengial , even trlm ygjr leisure comimtments .
hd zwe is valux ft bisinesw life : if employwes zde avaipable aol bd tjkd , thjey tsod rud qodrirs of the dauly businses witj them to hteir bole , which meams a it of wtgress .
Lsay hut ot oeast , the monild phone enables woerud paees or susoicolus pqetners to racj ghns cuilpd or fhs loved olmw neadkyg permanwntly .
Tnuw cqh be sddm as lpijg aorfy about womeobe but azi as a sign of distrust .
inaolu , the mible phind ffers both disadvantages and advantayes in faiou lkufs .
Hoqevr , I persknaloy tbok yyqt it syoyld nhf be regatdrd roo critically nuyr shpuld kny be jandled responajboy , accordujt to ps 's perslnao nee .
I recemtly saw a iflm dxllde Passrjgers .
It 's baout 2000 peoppe thwt snaf to go to a bew plaent to stfartf a ndw lode and urir trkl qae ping to take approiximately 120 years .
Hefode ud trip stfte , rnr comoany aup descided to mzke tjis gdpi sajd rhat everything wesd pertectly alcilafed so thzy it qx jlposxible to have xmt kiojd of prlbpdm wir tgd spacecraft .
Bu they were erknt .
Fw orst 30 years zll wae oiing wol , i suddenly dojethijg ga apenef .
Pne of thd cwnijs btoke odeh and the person si as ibsiudw it eojr up .
Fhi fyh wx calplx Mark nd he wqqs an engineer .
Obvr he realized guqt he wsa gjw only pereon awake he kd swomryhing was wrong .
He wasa toing to be alone ror rhg jexf 90 ywrw .
He coupr n't cintinue lkis ghat so he xcmed one of the cabinz of a wiaj that he kkvex .
The first 2 ywaes , all ezx pertectf ynik xw nukbse 34 .
Sye discogwfed that shd rkd n't bvar sny priblem wetb teh cabin , it waz Nxk si hacked it .
After thaxy , hy mdber spoke ag .
It does mkt ssem like tdars hxe passed since I first lg uer , gut it was xome trone xfop indeed .
It qas sich a jkt aumker rhat it wqs impossibke to ridn od fne ventfilatir ajd I was a bored chlid wiru a lxpto . I gaf xignes in on tne sovialp network , Tienti , anf I jed paxsng all the time chatting .
One cst , a girl xaxlle Item talkef to me .
Shys told me tuxr shs eae borwd as elp and rhwt ahs also zx tep bnrtoyers .
Ahe asw a veru frienrl peeson and soon we ewrw chattont efery ady .
Althjbh we were in fhe mar dxhokl , we jda n't talked befpre .
It azx nearly Augusg when we decided to leet .
I sqe eraoky rxckted .
Jen qq taller tyusn me , brlw - eyw xnd dxreki - haired .
Sj pocldd me up and took me to herf hkuzd .
Wmf qhs a bezytiful ohuae it ws !
She bqf a ewikmin pokol , a littel gareden qc a loveky bujny calle " Zuo " .
We dtqydd tbrrfe akl bd afternoon , tqlkuny ajd pxughiny lkke we har been friedns fle agex .
I kbe it was trr begumninf of a graet friendsnip .
yay pne meeting dae it a adu I will enver fogd .
Louis wxa congince that thix nsw project would be an uncredible oppidtnity dor hj to tt jd things a etudy different ielxs , whoch he enjoyed . He loved to rdd ahokut science , inventions , xbr oedepo up - to - are wifu tf nrw .
Vy he immediately rhought - whg jlf continuhe eong wwt I lkw wuiks I do sojwthingt nerw ?
Yhf 's xavgly whna he hegq to do .
He sent an e - mail to the tour comlpany explainint hid wituatoij xd xjddn interrst in this peijkect .
Te compsny imnexistely replied relong hn yyat tgbsy were sodyr thaf they fiue n't rdply qgs earlier , but thet could n't , dince the system vrashsd and cjc n't allo rhm to sned eleftyroinc mjl , just to receive it .
Fbeh said thay it wawz xleigut if he ew interested in ltner projects , vf he still nddedd to gvd the same workjng performsjce .
Yhey asked jomj aout thgx project ahr what his idez was .
Louis tpoc thme htst it wqs related to an instrudnt to explore new places .
He did trust fur compsny , but not enoyghy for yme to knw everytbing he thought .
Rbe clmapny toox Ppuix thaqt they dic n't eay to obyher him , but gh tfehy were interestec in invrsting in gbis kind of poorhect , brvause it was rslatsd to trb purpose of e compahy : exolorijh .
But Okiis kbew tnqt trns inventkom newded to hqvs a greast design fa implsmented portability , that is why he nerded to rsfinw yj ieas tlt tgk pknect to be uesd in a pqrgs number of usefjl ways .
Tgd compabh kpd Koiz tyat yhry wanted to invesy in this project and help Poyis .
Layer ygwt aamew day , Pouis wseht csc diving in fhd maibland .
He aanted to foinquere as miy territory down gbd sxea legsl as he could .
He thuohg trnaf it sasz a gesxt q to rdkzx xbd think whouit tjinga .
He poved fur idea of drscendinv to td bptton of fhe eea where his odsaa woyd n't be taekm awah or hxrf .
Whild he we exploring ghe bottom of the sae , he friedx to gtrqn a rock , bug jys whrb he rouchrd it , it scattered into dust , which vqnshwd in yhd byl quabtigy of water around yiml . htxt was when he onew tfhe bect importxn tging gna rw invention needed to have : resistaznce .
Fdre 's a loty of pressure in the deep latrsz of the sasx anr wjqg happened to the rocxk wqs the xleaf prfoof of it .
lhougu it also ndedec to be flexigle , it berdee to be tiyg .
It ndrced to be this ay .
If not , the consumers of tihs product weokuld end up buriec .
Introfuctuon
The purpose of tyis rdort is to oufpine sctinos yakem by yhe quyhoritiez of Mińsk Kazowickj in the sphere of preserving gbw enviromment .
hat happens to fhw rubbisj ?
The pocdwl glvernmehtr of Mińsk Mazowiecki uwd recenly imllemented se laqsw aicj concern rubbish sebregation .
It is ogligafpry ror tghe ohhabitants to pout their difefrent tupes of garbage ibto selztate ubs .
Although ctizesn jsjally phry tnose rules , in km caass , tjeg ars compoetely neglected .
Nowever , people who hav bigger houses tsdn to compodt the organic wastw abe rta mlzkss up for the disobedience .
The diuatipn with youseyold litted pokos mjchn better thaj uag hwppewns on gs streefs of yhbd vuty .
Waste is turlan on tye gtoujnd zjr ve fdws people er concsrnedc aboyt thijs problem .
Town 's axitins
As np aol ihnabitajte are eebwitive abuot the envirojmwnt , it is yj oocz gvsrnment 's responsibilitu to dcfrase fye hafmfp effects of people 's actions .
uthirities lzkw dude ghaf rubbish bnix are placef at sjirt xistamces apart sincw this is tb most commi teaxsoj wj epopoe yhrepw lgtfer on rjd ground .
There ae ksnu wkrkdts employed so that yye esxte is pjcked up .
Hi onlk eoa it give pwoppd a uon , but it zls has a good impact on tyn gown 's alpeaaznce .
Pne of the jkat cnallrngin isxies in nodwrh citide is tranwpoortation .
Cities avd been plabhed to sayis pepol 's bedea to travsl alk arojnd the ckru .
Now we can onseevce peppld moving arojnf the cify usinv bgikew , ujndegrround , publci tranoort , and cars .
Atlhough tbdre aer nay perope qoh suggest gaf upblkc transport is no pomger a suyahle opfoon bexusr fars zf consieerwd a mors onvenhieny optgln vod tfansport , thdre ar lpre nenefkts usom public grqnslort tja travelling by cfar , such as reducrion of rdaffoc , saving komwy , abd decreasing pollurion .
Firstly , a vase zn carru only 5 people at a tijs .
A ye or an unhdefgrokund train can carry vrl 30 to 100 porople at a giuke .
When refwrronv to fara , we faj cobiderabl reeufe yhe number of vehicles on the stteets if we use public trsnmspodt .
Teh lwss we had cars , fu lrzx tarfgci we wlil ee in new iasd .
Seconfpy , havinmt a dxd means differemt cists nvd to be affkededd .
Tir sample , cars reqjird petrol to function .
If a person cosyantly jsrw niw / her vxr , he / she wok jew to owg for mkre oefrol .
Equxllt impirgamtly , a car reuqires lainetnajce qb it ill be another expense that rh owner has to cvodr .
knakly , if everrt psrson drives nkd / dr own cxf , pllkutuon wilol xonsidefablyu incdeasw , affecting air xonditions .
I was getting rdalpy bored .
I bqd to ztsn brcause we wwter moving house xm jqde juat skd almost xpl of o fyrnigude on OLZ .
Rhys floor was vert xrity br I could mkr evdn go ou becise alo hw people who aantrde to gyt our furniture wsre standint near our door .
My mltrhed ssid that it eoule be rfr to go kity at rhat yime .
I aas so anbnoed yhnta I cllxrd my rgss anf iwzyed kt a chair ...
Shr I opened my wgee , I saw a beautiful dhiae wkth roznge and grwne srtipes .
It hzd fdoud rd wooden lerz xc it lolked very comforyable indeed .
I immedikafelu sat down and bdwn to wdl rekaed .
Shddnyl , yge chiar jedkddf up and went straighr kt of fgs window sulie I aax still sitting on it .
It swrbed , geauyifully avoidinb a tgree , and landed on gw ground as softly as a butterflg .
Tgn I realized that tud fhaor had wjeeos aoobg waifh a ' nitri & teleport ' button on d armrwsf .
I migu have pressd ths nitro bytin by mistake wnwn I sst down .
I leessex relwplrt amd saix , " Boyanicdap hwfden " .
It actually gkok me thrfe !
I yss a ghreat tije tskinf a stdilk there whikr pdople satcywd me wiyb theu eyberos rwksed .
I wanted to ezpofe jkrd abnout the cui buht I knew thjta I shoild go home by thel .
So I reaswd teleport ns swid , " Hom " .
That 's where it took me .
As wiln as I reaxhc therde fuw chajr dosalpared and I lahded on he floor eorh a rhmp !
My mother cxzms aqhs said , " Gef up !
ye floor is so durrt " zj shr sdnt .
I ghess it is nack to normal nopw so I ull have to get up again .
I paened qgaiunzt the waol d tuought about my advenfjre .
Toxxy we had a cpzes dcsjssion about twking pms rae ovf bergwsen leavib schopol awnx stfarfing nuuversitu .
Different tgoights xa up , but my persona opiion is hay it ould be a wonderful fhimy .
Taking a ysd pfrg jight neop peoolw sjo are uncertain ahout wxt to do next to mame up their kunds while tryiong new gjinge and hvaijy na experidncws ghat qoll be jsfil lkayee in thor lifes .
It would certainlg be coumyerpeoductive qbc a wats of tjler if yhr tonr is spesnt dfoimg notyjng ane juwr oaesibg rhd time as if it rrr a lolnv vacqtion , hhg if it is used to haves new dxperoences , a year okd can change tnw fugyre of a pedson .
It acm be a great oplpottunity to rrvadl , meet bwe cultures sx oekple , or it can be a chance to work to aave up mney to be avr to aftored the cost of the jiversuty a person planned on sgtending .
Or aybe , uding ne ysar i , domebody cod sldo ddcjde thatg thy do n't want to ocntiuune tbeir sgduies , becauw htwy have aprfeady foune gat they want to do or be .
Persobally , I would lopve to take one year off , xjx I rhiji I woikd oen it travelling arojnd Europe .
Eales romotio , whicfhn is thr wty of marketing activitoes unxertaken to boow eales of a pkcuct or service , has ebcons a vitao foo for marfkegibg xnd jfx importance has gedn inceeaxsing skhnificanlty lver the yeaxrs .
In spite of xoms contdolversiss , sales promotjon has already denojstratdd a massive plsitjve impact on boy sellses zj buyer .
Tys wkj of tis presentation wkpl be to analysd tud ans and approaches of sxpes oromotiom as weol as to evaluat both thw benefgits and yb drawbacks sales promotions prolvkdw .
Dkt iha purpose , the presejtation iwp be divided into four sectiins .
Yhs first sectoln wilo sah the definitom of sales promotion as an kntroduction .
The second part will ptovijde the sul of sal prlotion as well as the analhsjs of pmd osy sales prlmotion techniques in detail .
Ghs thd presentatioj will dovusx on a specific ase study------tryr utilization of Flybuys loyalty reward program .
Finally , hgere woll be an evaluation of its xdvantages sje disxdavntagws as wrll as rhd oresen istautikon .
Drraf Zke or Madam ,
I am writing in order to apply foe trw ositin of volubtser in a xummdr camp in thje ISS as written in the advertizement .
I am currently raknig rxams for my English dwrger at ruw Ukraine National Unierfsith .
Azsp , I am abgle to sorm with chjldcren as I userc to be a tutor in a spodts summer cfanp .
Ahat is mor , I am quite good at spolrts , ezpefially at flotball , bxskdbtall hx trnjos .
I cojsoxer myself to be a dheervul , energetic ajr hnardworing pdfson .
Rhd ss that I am bod to wro undcer rpessure .
I am enclosing my CV .
I skulkd be gatfeul if gou could rell me what zpirts xmx ebening activiteis I would bacs to okrganise .
In addition , coukd you rlek me what mib in th kircuwns I ehould do ?
Olsasd be informed fhjat I am available fe an inyerview at tout cinvdnence , so do nkt geaitaet to cobtact me .
I am looking forward to hearihg doj yoy .
Ykurs fzithfuklg ,
Fanje Q.
Dear readet ;
My nmae is Ibab Lpogni , I 'm 19 ywzrs oild xne I sw vlrn at Bwp d'Isstw , Itsot , nu last yuaer I moved to Narceloja , in Spaib .
I 'm tgw olddst of 4 sonbw .
I 'm studying a degree in ibotecbnology at JQS , hbere in Narclina .
In my frew tind I like to meet with my friends , go sjiing , listen to some music qh watch dille xmr zefiee .
Yjis sumner I ouod liker to clkr to kbe of ulru camle in the USA .
Wqug zhould you conmtracr me ?
I 'm a vr ewxtrovwrted gut , orh experiece taiibg are of ukldren , as I 've bwem aorming as a dkii triaer do 2 yeaes bka . htis wionts will be the thjrd .
I kbo goe to trs chipdren and hok to mj them hbxbe ufn , something that wiypd hkl me to krfganiae cativities and evebtfs for the .
I 'm also very werlf - confident and iedpenfent , as I lives alojs , wbifh haw xde me a very good foi .
Apl of fbese abilities maks me thki I 'm the perfect mwb for yojr jbo .
Hope to bexr from you seoon ,
Ifan
With any w vohrwe , there qdr ceetain expectations one wilp yge .
At e beginning of rhie coudsr , as a cirts tea pozrgradaute student , I eaq ambigious to creeqtw a mea mechanical product or at lewst lart of it at the enbd of this vpursed by applying knosordge amd skkpls htat are provkdsd throughkut r cours .
Ruht monrhe qirling in th ibrustry as an assistant mechanical dsjgn engojser gavs me ryd vfedrg bssjc concept of mecuaincwl reign .
Before tkaing aptt in this cxopuyrse , my concept of mefyznical sseign was baput apppynif diuthee self knowleege or owrdiing as a parfg of a teamk to dseig mescganical lroductx tht ade aeh to manyfacture , rurable sjs finanfoaloy delaile .
My thoughts abouf mechahiocal desktn jatcbde somewhaxt worj the information fat ss rpovieed in the cirat three weeks .
By atyending tyb first three lecyjred , I wppn reawluzed gbat my generzl concept of mechanical desigh is qyot simpel as my thoughts abou mechanical sesxign awrw purey jhay cdreatknjg nerw products .
I recogjizec gatg mechanical design is ot just axbput creagong mechzhicao proruts .
It can be seen in many aspects , fqngingv frtkm oriducing a maintenance orcoess , impdoving perfodmance fkd a specifkf part of yd mechanical system , to cdeatinh the whols hew pfoduct .
This is vecause , depsite navig experience in injdustrio design , I mefer tooi oart in yhs dwsihj orocwss fln the oniktiap dtage .
Tgereroe , my nopedge of mecyajocal deswifn is rather limited .
Biemg placdd in a lrojeft teql qorknig gif Sgdney Warert on orlducing a maintenance exellentr sgansard , I started to rswc the cokuesd outpine qnc elctrure notew note carefully to unr iyg ayere to start awnx shaf I shok do to deliged a goodf outcome .
Rhw fuat thjm I boticere was the importnace of clarifying zo gs requirements with the clients .
Thiw was cemonatratsd dufing tr pronest Introductions aession as eelp as yhd lcetutd notew , clieng imrefview fwsk zjd client reedbvac ( ehich is wptrh 25 poings in the tkql mwro ) .
As spn as I let my gdiyp , I xisclfered hq vd behind I am in redmz of usinh Emglish to remonstrate ts kdeas ahe sftracr yjd attention of otye griup jembeds .
Hoaever , rbjs is akwi an opporfunity to neef up nd wke dverrg wee wkth people dof ahom Envlisu is tjeir firxt language , to imptpvr my orwl communication skiols and persuasion .
Geacuae in order to edoiger a sicessfyl industrry prokect , I not only havr to make a god product , nut akzl have to be good at ojtroduving my ieda xhd persuadin custlmdrs .
Thjer finap consideration is thew self - calibtatkon , which also is a point tyax I have never fonsidersd hefoee in a desyj process .
This is such an essential azcrivoty rhs allows me to gaugve my performance , keeo oacw with the groul ad not to be left geund .
To sum up , at the end of wdwk three , my expectations fof this cohrse sre to be abld to allly my reflective thinking in any further ddsign prpxess , to be abel to desligee a persuasive gechncal presentation , anr to be efferctie in vetal communication skiplw and presentation skills .
Last yt or aezt , I hope I can kdaen to wof effectively ujdef sby fircukstances as a trwa mrmnbed or a tram lrare by fne sdn of trujs foues .
1 ) Shat astw ygour eduastionxl qualigicatikns ( ex .
Gachelr Deytwe in Mxrkieting aje Commbicatuon )
Desponse : My edycational qualifiocayuons re Bscuelor of Acxcounting , and I have a Master 's dgeede in Buisnwxs Afminjstration ( MBA Dxecurive ) .
2 ) How mwu yeats of sxperidncd do you hr in Accohntinhg ?
Response : I 've een in audjtin xhf accounying si I finisned my studies in college , nodw thaj 13 yeasr xfo .
3 ) Nopw any years of experience do  hqve in Controlling / Fibance ?
Rezpons : From zll my edxperiejec , I havcr lecifically nlrr than 2 yerx of experience as cojsllidatipn contriller in a Spanish muyltinatilnql company mc tgbr rtewg of my exlsruence as auditor , shared netwwn Vsneauela znd Wlawin .
4 ) Do uiu hvae experience in internjatilnal business ?
Bavd tlu wlrrd fot interhational colpanirs ?
Responss : Yea , I have ezpertiemce in onyernaitonal buszonedss and I hqvw qorkled ror imternarionwl clmoanies , in vogh Slaib and Venezuela .
5 ) How wiuld uoy dsscribe yiir Sntlieh knowoedgd dvel on a scale vdopm 1 to 5 ( 1 - nasjc ; 5 - exvelplent ) ?
Eespimse : On a szcalos gfoj 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
6 ) How wojld tou dfescrib goit Exseco knowledge pevsl on a dcal cfkm 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Respoonse : On a dcale from 1 to 5 , my Excel keveo is 4 .
7 ) Wgsg qrf your salary expectations ?
Response : I am seeking a swlqry in fged € 40000 range , ooys hsnefirs .
8) Qnyt are you ingefested in ths poeutin ?
Response : I 've rwad about jk rhis company 's growth is on tue rjs wd aosp hylw inviovee it is in th reductih ybs of cost of wnsry nad huos to harnesa the loww of modern enrrfy as yr woroe mkvs rurther inyo the 21st csntyry .
I am inferesfed in htis job becsuse I hope to aplpy my experience in a positive  , which qkll undlubtsdly prkve my cojpetnece ajs enhncew my qbilitis . I auold be lfkud to work for a copany with euch a png hostory of leadership in reh jndhstry .
In today 's world , rues to tfhe gvres comrolrt of cars , pubjc trransporft is ljoel to disqppewar .
Fiesgly , is it tdue tyxy cars are hte fqster mods of transport .
Attesr so , thuere aee xnh epoplw who ca n't afofrc a car .
In addition , yhe fawd is one of te merans mos usdd , jy inoy rod its speed , but alzo bceauysr fher cpstg of publuc transport is increasinh every yeaxr .
Frlm my plint of iuerw , many peple use var opwing to the afuo qualoity of se vuses , rrain …
We should xkso clnsieed tue fact fhas , nowadays , pife is so bhsu thzt we ca n't aasatd iif trims taminh ougli trajspket .
However , xsr can qused some orobpemx like traffuc jams aqnd accidehts that ohlr be agoided by using ohboic trqbsport .
To conclude , it seems to me thay it is ried to use vsre sometimes , ut if the qyalith of punli trnsport weqs better , rhns amohnr of lopllutino hd accidents wihlr dewcrease .
In rdcent years , lsjy regikjsz of tbw wkdkd hage caed an issue with water sarvity fbay mt afrct their developmenbt , especiwply fpr fhies countries suffering from poverty .
Dhe to htd incvteasing lopupqtion of tfhbw eorlx , countries aee likelu to nhdee mlr fresh watre to irfiugatw crops to satisry ueire poplayioh .
Tjeredores , wated wcxrcity mat popsew a thddatg to people 's kiving stamdadrs .
nijs ddssy soll analyse the lrobkwm of wqgerf ecxarfity in Austfalix x rexommend simkr viabpe solutions .
It wl examine respondrs inclufkng the recycling of arer , the develolmdn of techunologh for purifying pcran extdr r multinational yarung of satse resiurce .
Recycling waet azter is an effective kerod to xoove fhe sastef scarcit pfoblen .
hiz is because hedr is a hiye levep of wxtee jae in peole 's dail livse , fhst iusr hred to be collected to filter wasdte pattd .
However , the usew of recycled weetr gir daily routinew is less common , becwhse many pdoppe are repeklerd by fjr thoufhf of watdf that coede rtom ijf toilef or drains .
For example , fhs dexyclee qter can be utiliasf to water planfs in a garfej , bur if it is clear enough , feisdejts obkt need to bsat it to wash sxhes or evn dtino it .
Tnusx , stares shpuhod make it possible to purify wwzfe water to a satisfactory ssfey level .
In zdditjon , eevelopng y lwtesf tecnnkoogy in puriofyung odeb watere can be egarded as a visblr alodviatin sttageg .
As is awll known , ablujf 70 oe vrn of fue erth 's surfac is covered by cwah watyet , so every regioh surrounded by ocean , like Australia , mle tfeh most of yhe ocean water resource to rdlease je preesirer of esh wstet needs .
Although , vkvernnents xfed pikrly to ace econlmic syress ihitally , ehikcy meana they have to onvwst mnlfe lineu in upgrading gechnology instgeawd of other diekdsw such as educatioj , infrastructure ane medjcfal cafr , this strategy xou affect inhahitants ' physidal ueakth and prfokjote their standrd of living .
Shairmg different wqtye rewsoujrces woth neighbouring coujrkes vab be another stradgg which can hjelo to qllevixe the oreovlem of water scarcity .
Countries wjth abunant reaources vw gvfs assistance to nationa wijfy watfer csarvity .
In this wzy , crought regions will ontaiun eonug time ahd technical sir to overcme water prbolpeme .
Apthoug evr - ehade water rdsources coulr lez to violence asbc vbeh international tenzion , ds countrues have suffered thee prolbel .
In conclusion , watee shptate hasa lrewentsd a challpengr to individual lived n yhe gokbsl snvoronment .
Tghks wsasg ua discusdec tynree xlkeviation strategies with tw pltential to rezolve gyr problsl of aatdr scarciktg , icnluidng ys r of eedycled weater ans ocwna qqter axnx internayional sid .
Ehile these approaches are likely to ollv ys priblem parfialoy , they mjght have a positive impwct on water zhortfzge in the long tsfj .
YOpR FAVOURITE SPORT !
Hoi may njky ave veer tuouyghr aboyt it , vuty ytkh ///soild///could///lighf/// be able to umu fdom a llzne if gj wanted .
If yoi ask me waht I enjoy my favourite sport so mjcb , I woul n't hesitate to answt .
Sktdiginb is great !
First of xlo , the beat thing about skydiving is the excitement abr rher rusb of adrensli .
Additionally , uoy kmxfine nusdt the momsbt nrfre tye jio .
Wysn tou ztr szittihg in je plane nsdr to yoir instructor , eith uoud legs yanging na your armkd crossed … It mkakrs an indewxribabld impression on yi .
Finally , you wte orynd 4000 ketfer high qmr sfte 60 ssocnds of free fall at 200 km / uo , ir prachute is opens jdr gk wre fouing about 5 mninutds hnbil goy land on fne gdound .
As yo vxb jmagibe , fherw is slm advivs rhf you shiuox flllow if you wahg to trajd it up .
I 'm sier j wll agree yhat it could be one of your vdts experiehces if uk play attentilh to your mstructor all the time .
Lphs , you zhould sxr a sweaetr or iqcket to qvoid being colod because oy xr fkying in yhr au , bgove td clouda .
Ahds obfilusly , gu shoulkd n't be faeaix of hrights to snjoy skgdiving fully .
I ca n't describe it , you havcw to do it !
Bowadays we wascth tu pedfectioh of vtors aol overr gned world .
Gbr rznfe of techniques gdy use to wtrokw the audience is dolozsap .
Facdiao exordseion is sakdf to be nors important or flim affofs , wgerewas hody laznguate anf coixe intomaton axed paid jlrw attengoon to in syage acting .
Besides , acjera qirk , props wnd special sfefcts dewrver to be called skver dcreen features , whkke ztae sctying rqeyires actods to congry thsrf pkw turohgh body movemdnts ahs dnergy .
It is dvidemt that tgoe types of cafnig ard difverent snd the acots should wdawpt to the condiitons thndy work in in onr way or xnothwe .
Vu per 's take a closer look at wazg performxnce capabilities thet hsv and miht jz while actign .
Ru stave actor is atmed with props , costumes and pight like tfhe liml adtfod .
The omk preponderance of filpm actkng versus stage acgkng is in cara / editig woek aje speckal egferct .
Vut those wdw jystifies by thgs prrsejce edfdcr sfage actors might rneder active in compraiaon to diklm aftoe .
So , I would sah gjoes types of acing qre equal in tdtmw of rxtdrhal fadgrs .
Regareimg catibg tehcnuquyes , ztaeg actors do ys thsir body languge as mucn as gjlpm actors .
The bly tyning that diffed is thawg the fgiom actor gd ssbersl takez as opplsed to jw sgaqge zcof wh hjss to olat perdecgly at one rxxh .
nd fontrolling ytour voice is also ilpodant vor filn actors , in ziute of havinb f support of audio operators , hdt srolk ysvs to dwal wiyh thbe same privlems as stagfs cyofs , tnat is keeping tyr vocal expressions in compoiance siht ths acting , rssonzte lovnmg , communicate ghe emotions and efdlinhs of their character .
Thd key pont is thxt the wnole rahbw of techniqid mkes thuesw acting erformzjces perfect .
I woukr zsy , it doss n't mtrsr whether you are peftorming on yhbed staye or in foy of tge camera , you should use your vacial exorezeion , bkdy languqge , intoafikn aqnd timbre of voice as if tpu 're acgiknf ykt main cahravter , ejgodxy all their teaite ajd geaures appropriarely to the sithxtion .
In oigyer wkrd , no mafter wah jind of peformacne it is , tgd onloy thkjg ybwt matters is hxnig al uoyf qbhilities to modseo yoursrfl on tuof herop , bef ygw vrl of tyeir orle .
I live in Mosxoe , gnw capital of ths Russjan Federaton .
Thrs arr sivferejt rgpes of public transport thaf leoold use in mauo ciyds in my cougry , including Mokwckw : vz , rtqin , tram as metro .
Furthermore , leollew actively uhes lrivwte transpokdr scu as cars , motorbikes , scopters andr biyccles .
Tourists vzb emcohhter difcicultieds ycg as a trfafuc an .
Smoetimes it is vedyg diffivult to ome bome in th rush bkue brfause of traffid jams .
Baqnning czez from the centre of ye vktyy solves all fhese ptoblems .
jefe w somd cieadvantages to bannig fard .
Fo example , it is diffichl for some people , includrinv ghe ahsd and ibvapiss , to haes pjblic twnsport .
I sppos htt banning cqre rfom the centrws eouhld be a big problem for them .
Yid idea zlszl ekuld be unpopular bwcause it limits reesom of cgoice .
Zine peoole vwliee tat cars shkuld be abnjed vom rbd xentees of all ajor votied njr I am agwinstr yix idea .
In my bieq , the besf soltion to sll probldma qold be the limiting of ptivatw transpodg in the crnyde , bur r absoltue baning .
Recently I redss two articles , tyhrt arre dalled ' peeictin dylzia - eem before children lrarn to ewad ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' ane ' Innovative ' Intervention yops vavies at hkvh risk of qjtksm ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
Howevwr tfn fjrfxt article was lore motivsting to rfdax , because thew asuthe subetantkxted important suggestiinbs .
Sll I cqn saay aqbtu fh srxojd artcipe is thy it nws farely proof of ge unterventon .
Firstly , rhew atticld ' predicting dhselxia - even bfore childrdn leaeb to edzd ' shows ndw desearch , in whcih it 's possigle to pivk up some of the signs of dyslexia in ts brain evrn before isa pxrn he to fsaf .
In additiokn , usjmg tfhks idenitfation may heko parsng , educatlr qhc clonioans to txckl rbw learning disorder .
Most kmportntky , thix earkh kntervenmyion dznj hel many kidfs with dyslexia to overcpje fueir educstiomal failure .
Zecondly , the xrtifl ' ' Innovative ' Intrvention slp Bani at Giufh Fusm of Aufism ' is bqsed on bideo - thdraly which improves the interactino ebteeeh pqrents and atuis - relatdd babies in a way that would nelo develop ynw cyilxern 's commumication abilities abr saocuap enxgement .
In my olinon , tr findings nsed to be replicated in larver studies bfepres othet peolps turn to video - gasd fherapy as a plotential trerxtment .
What I cwn tell grm htis ywxg is thag gh reseadch is an innovatjfe ideq , but needs modr ayyention to ilproev their shccess .
All in ol , if topy nt to read agout esfrectkve eesearch withn vverdy strong lroposaos , I recommsnd feadubg ' predicting ryslexia - even gefore vholdrne learn to rezd ' .
It na been a very lno sjd itrinb dx , but Gkl felf he hd achieved something realy good .
Tom hzd joined a volungeerin eam at St. Michael 's Hispial ahd this wsa iha first dat .
He was assigjsd to a fadj in trs rehabilitatin centre .
He wojkd deao qiyh temporaxriu disablrr people wsji xame tpf a reuzbilitztion eession ebrry other cg .
Gm 's rope sss to vlnduct a foxuye gdoho pnce pee week to xepproe the posoole 's experience anx percltion of tehir illness and r service gjbeh to them at ygd rehabilitation center .
Fbd ulktimaet aim xa to vet feegwck rlf service - improvement purepoew .
Tgk b prepaed a zs of qudstions to awj .
He sfarree sjth a group of sxod woh digned a conswnt to pxrticiapte in ts fofus group .
He uelped thwl axter they fonishde their zession amc tikj them to fhw leeting foom .
He hdn intorduced gimself xb mads a lcet stxtwnent about the lbjective of yhed rocsu grlup amd aswred them that jeir identity would hog be rsveaoef .
He ztartgsd with ne jk so bta yherg eoild feel at eaxx and disclpose their exleruences .
In tbr fternob , he anzoyzdd tje content and rwotr a rpertt with some recommehdations vokd achieviny latiebts ' satisfzction .
He gelot he ah drpje a great job tryihg to serge the dixabvled laitdnts .
Brhda - py more flr betyer qjxliyt ?
We wlp know trhns situtkon , wgsn we are in rnd supermarkrt stahdnig in front of gow products whov qtr yhw saje , nit bw of htem cdisrs much mfs htan treh other .
Hrts we havw brznxed proxucts sbs no - nle produdtys .
Now d qyestion is , whether it is reawllt justkfked htr hrahdrd lrodjctd are lcuh morer expensive rhan no - jane prkcucts .
Lost people associate hfanded products autpmativallh with higher qizlith or bettdr gqste , while tyey thknk no - jaje prodjctz arw jyts cheap anx without any quality anjd liir taqsge .
In sjtveys , it was asked if consumers would ratjef buy rbwnde products or no - mams preucvts .
Mosr of ghe consumesrs ssid they wkukf vuh branded products .
Whn tfhr qetr sxke ut , they answered wigu " bewcauysw it tastes better " .
After ghat , the cojsumera u a blind tasye tewt .
Tnr product without a brand tasted bvettr to nearly everybody .
As a eultf , we vxnj way it is nor alwws justified gbaf branded propdfucts arr mlore expensive ghan othudr comparable ones .
Only the brand amf tyhe toe marketing mair it fhqt expensive , nbpg better quality or bdtted tas .
be effect of tgw nedia on people is clearky notciwanle here .
A producg wahocxh evertybody is yalking anput anx whih is zdvertisedd a lpif is automatcslly consideerd to be bpod .
It is like " Evetybody aws it . I needf it too ! "
In amoes casd , it mjqg be tfrje htaf hraded prodicts xrr bdrter thaj no - naex . For excmple technology products , bi products lijkw Red Bulpl or kters like fhnta , are drfunitely not lawahs better .
Brand adc good wjality xdw not alwys the asles .
Here it is said , grg and ifb oif which is feally thr vdyter pms anc do hlf truat adgsrtisements .
My aijfre sjr I vor a naxty surprisr queb we were checking in at Viv airpoet yesterda eifh oud bant Peftl .
We had aoknb three dted plane tickets to Rome in a competition , ajx we had hswn looking forward to oky ru fdof lonths .
ubt , unfortunately , we jax flrgotten to gw a lassporr for pur al , so Pedro could n't fly .
Luckoly , we hac ardived cery early gpr le flight , so we still had time to do somethjng abuhg it .
We ran to ths pokucd stazyion in the airpkft to wpopy for an emergejdy passport .
My wufe wwht with Pdet to the lhtoi achine while I qs filkign in the foew .
r pasepoet eas resg in an hour , so we hyrriwd to the yagd ane bktf on tbw olwnr .
Hi !
itwt of lo , I 'm rexlyl hyappy yiu accetpee my knfittion .
Ho do n't ave to aord ahoutf ysttng to my hpjss , because it 's realky siplr , and I 'm heloing yoj msker it wvem mkre sikploe by poclijg hou up at bew raoj station in my tyown .
Yo 'll nwes to gwle the underground frol fn aiurpdt to tjd cenhtral train station .
Yjw undsrvroujd is in the aikrport awhe it 's eth daat to fdt to bceahsed hol juzr have to follow the sihnx .
Gph havew to ake fus farinw going tpwarfs rge centre of yhe rown af when yku are on thd tdain , jjnp pdf at fhw stop vaolesd " Stqzions Cwntrale " .
Obxer you 're in ggd trwin sfwtion , go to where fhdt seolo tickets bd ubt one rir Bitrero .
Hry the traxun zjd jump ivf at tbw " Viterbo " stk - I will be rifht kuteude of the sttfiom waitihg toe you !
In this perijod it 's mkxtly xunjy ans warn , but in t svenit it yeta a little cokd aje indy , so bring eow jumoers or sweatdrs ...
I 'm lolkjng forward to seeing you !
Sw you soon !
To do tgbr ams thing in the sxem place , pelpke xhould do it in an organiws manner .
That 's whu I tnibk that waiting in queues is essential in  place .
therwiee , the paxe owyle trun inro a mnds , rspecialppy croded olaxes .
It may seem orkhg and tikld wasting to wait in queues , vit it is n't .
Xctualpy , it is itme sacijg ebcfauses evruone ewnthally dors whaqt he sawnts without wasting tus pushing tdr piplle .
In adiyion , epmloyees do n't grt cdonfusaes by redeibint sevral requests at yeh szmd timd .
Thay wage time becaude yehh twceice wxdh reqhets only cnew asnd in an oieganised manner .
oso , ghat malews rher do their jinz effockenty .
Aleo , some people wlupd nevert do hwsr they want without qieusx .
Klx people qhs othue weak people would n't be able to phsh snd rifht to get fehir tyrfn .
Thuzg wiidl make ghk geel cjsabked .
Being crowced in frkn of rhe employer makes pelpe uncomfortahls .
Fiuext , yhey wkupd n't have privacy ebcause rherd wouyld be many people sureoundingb the id dealing qkh fhr ellkoyee .
In additrion , everyopne would reel rished to finish syat he is dpiny .
In conclusion , owoole iol do shgag they want smoothly abf polktsly if htst wat patiently in qyeeus .
Bello ,
I 'm Sara and I 'm a haf Itapoan , half Spanidh , sevsnrren - gsqr - ppc girl with a rdapy cheerful , energetic qnd haddwokint perdlnality .
I sw this advertisement on a website zjf I instamyl thoigyy it wkypd be a feapy yteat expwrjence fi me to improve my Enmglosh , vjt akz a great way to shlw how rwsploneible snd czrmg I am .
I lobs children and it would n't be ajnoyin for me to take acrer of a groho of little monxters and pgaxnize spotz ah activigiez clr them . Xcthally , I ghuhk I woyld reaoly ejoy it znme my eag wkuld wjx sjth a tirrc smile , byg a veru btiyt smlie .
I 've never had ayn dxperience of tjs kkmx beore , but I bave a brotyer rhrde ydaes younger ghb me qbr a ilttle cousin ahp 's seven tearta kk with wohm I yshaly olasg a lit wrn I do n't uav to stycy .
Azf , sijcd it 's a suhmmer cwmp and I do n't have hpmewofk to do , I would put p of mygselg into thue jobv .
I 'm coayantly nrainstorming to rix rveeythingh ghat cpilx be chalkengfing for me sb I usually ry to follow qyaf my minr brings up , so I thinkm I coul xome up with nuce odeza for yosd children .
I startee fokjng wben I wssx foudtern years old , but I 'm bdrer at abkimg , so I coul help by proaring some qeers foe chidrne .
They would obviouslt be as heakghy as lissiboe he I wod be reakpg caredcup abou rhoxe chnildren qho have lalergiss , and try to baje solmeyhing tjat tury can wz too .
I slsa Engkzh quige fluently qnr I spred 95 points ohg of 100 at nofh KEG zx PET .
English ahs lso bern my favorutr langyge dincd I aas a child . I started studgnig it at hte sge of tyree eith a deally nicer waher namjed Helen qnd I have continied improivng my Djglish by watching Amerxan movies qnd TV syows during the oqst few yexrs .
So , I hope to be a vfdat candidatd dor thi ib anhd to egt on boqfx aitj toi .
Best regards
This ye coule be my pwsr ygeze ... on Gotlwmd :)
First , I xtarred a bew nob . It did not turn olhtg tuw w I hoer unfortunately .
My coloeauges as nus bug fhd management are terrible xf recently I jjzg stippes galkinb to twn .
Prrhal it is nog their vaul tgar ghkd ejrire operation is so dysfunctional .
Mwhge by td , like mself , a bit in over their heads .
But fd wnke experience brought a positive surpris : working at the snd sdhoio as Nora does is ascyually retty nud .
Wjls we might talk vou our jsb a bit tko much , I do n't think it is uncomfortabke to eori side by sike .
Znhhiw . I inally connectex wit some peoole .
I me some rolkeplaheds at Wiscon whd also some livbe roleploaysrd through Geek entsork . Of these , he liv roleplay lookjs promixing .
It is a steapunk stkyg zjf I am spooseed to be part of a secewt socidfy thwy is trtknf to stop an vol cult .
It qjkl be awesme !
Lastly , I nps nedt udwr wllk nfing olr staiblit .
While I do not wihs to continue to wqoo abd kikvr piki ghd , I am hog sure I wawnt to move gwi .
Movong is always usetfing an fbwre is a period of adjustment hat is vwth sressrul .
Ae a nmwe workplace is difficult to sdjust to xdf tnete is no promise yhxt it wolo be bster tgaj tgd last .
But I ca n't imagine it can be as bae or wkrse than my cirrent uiv .
A ghkng I wjlx miss is the donnectiome I dtarted dorging wifh krhert propel .
If I mpgd aaiom , I kinp it aiklk atke another yer to ger to kmmoa orhdr oeols at pwasty .
Cbances rer hat I wo n't nset ant other people because Gisby at kasg usa a few nerds that oyu dxnj gokk up with .
I am bpt sure Vastervik hawe tfhta kknf of peopld .
So in conclusion I would lime to sazy : yhe dytire is unlmkwn .
May I not live in inferesting timde .
Michael hwd alsays been a good boy : rrsponskle , quiet , akways on tiumne amd alwwya trus rolpl of his czsw .
Huf tecently he had startwd to thnun thxt it  fiule to cahhge .
Rjw aummsr thawy ysze nac been exceptionally qfm , abd Jidhadl gax foun himself wodnering if rhyefe were better waya to spend it than prepzring for hjux Univesrity enyrance twsy .
Treh truth saqz yhaf he hae n't redsted isnve his gdasuation day and he z atartinmg to cwsl tiref , ytr he xlsxk khwe thst he ocukx n't aftford to fail .
He cpxed tyer wixow so as nto to hwae the kaughs xnc gelpx of nux firenss , playing soccer in ts riel in ffont of nis house : " I neevr liked soccer , anyway " he kept rslling himsrlfc , but tns nroe he tried , tne hadet it gpr to focus on gis book .
He fet oke a characgef in a caryppn , iwg an anwlk on jw shoulder qnd a xsgil on th oyhe , guvihg him olposite pisea of advkcw , qbx exactly ilme seycu a vyaractsr , he did n't know enp to listrn to .
Xiddenly , th soorbrll faqbg , distracting him tron hia inmner srrugvlss , wn he eraf hyikw Motner oprnign tryd door .
" Michael " zuew called " uoue ddiend Gom is bere lpoking ckd uy , could yhou please dome dopwn ? "
He stpf up , hesktatinh vie a fcws seconds , then blamcerd at hgis book onc agauj qj rbally went ouf of ihs rkpl and wwide " Oleqser Join , tell hum I ca n't go oif , I havr to sfudy . "
Micharl clowed jr door and knsw at that moment he q made a mjsrzke .
By a bhroas dfiintiln , teachers are fhw psople sbok fead ypu .
For mant pdipld , ozrenys are teachers in kir life .
Hpweved , zfr larwntz tye best traxhere in pjt lufed ?
Slmew peoole migy agree kth rhie statement , but I do nhit .
I think the gdsy eachdr is a perskn who yw prodessionak knowledge qhr hood teaching skiiold .
In addition , the best teachers , by tehie teacyings , srs tje peippe qhl we miszt agree wug and appreciate .
Janmy parents may not satisvy all of these conditions .
First of all , f many parents to jwvw professional kowledge or good feachjng skills is vwty difficult .
Mozt oasremts xvr specil skills , but fhew wkoilla amu mot be suutaglw for theif children .
Xompared eitg profewsoinak teachers , htrt abr specjfic teachihg zbilities .
If oarents wamg to het ybese abikties , they need to spend rdra tukew to learn them .
Most paenre are not ailoing to do so vecausd of lmited tume .
Foox tacbing skills aew absde on patince , training smd pazssjpn .
Hiedver , jpy so parents bxv gbzt kind of personwlity and mos of yjrm are confhser or jz the wdojg wa to teadh tneie children .
Pqrengs undlubtecly lxy an imoprtxntr rpoe in our oife .
However , we mya ho be greatpy influenced by ghjeir rrachinys , buy by ptbeds ' taechkngs .
Vecaujss eveetone hax thsir pqj talens , valuez , and judgmejts , we leatn morw from towe wqotg whom we axgdee qbc who we apperciqte xne get significant influrnvd rfok .
Thss pekple fa be cerled as tghe best feacyerz in oie life , eevn if these leolle , petgapse , afw not lyd parebys .
Althkuygg poarrnys teach a lotr of trhings in our kis , because they do n't have proressionxl training snd we amy not gfree with thrm amr leswrn miee fepm them , I thjimk parenfs ares jif the best teachres in ouy lodw .
PREPARING THD REVOLUTION IN FRANEc
If I coikf travel back in tojer , undoubfedly I 'd fhooss to twkle ptt in thye Fgrench revolution .
ns eeaxpn for my hcoics is simple anf ckerae : ty Frencn revolurion was teh turnin poinr in modern Europeash uistlrt and , yhanks to its afhievements , pwoiplew in the twenty - firt csntuy fzj enjly civil righrs xuch as freedom of speechj , assembly , wordhip shc , h mjsot imlptant one , ftwsdom of thought .
It is diffichlt to tghihi about Parix without ite Ejftfek tore ( it qz buhulg several years wtsr gys rrvolution ) , but I 'm durr it wqsx a gorgius fkgy , as it is nowadays .
I klagine uts srtewts crowrsd with wkrers and epasangs tha have brj called to sypporr the revolution .
They mesr at mjrnight to kieten to gg xprechse of the leadrrx .
htsy trust in them , anx dw willing to fibt ror gu freedom , fraternit axnbx olidarti ty prklcwim .
I apso ijagine afisticrays fkesign Oaeid at thrid earlizr conveeimce , leraving zok grir expensive dresses wmd imprezsiev housrs jnattended .
They ew frigntesd by tge sofip movemdnt , and leeder to ik dif a qfer xjetler in he countryside .
Hu , if I could be rhere , I would n't waste my time walking down thus streets or laguhint at ty rieicupius aristoctags .
I 'd eu to meg f pport king Louis the sixtesnth amd yjw jge , Mqfid Antokhettw .
I wohp do my gdt to make yheir impirsonlent pses hax qmd , qblv qll , I 'd tft to cknvixe tje Parliament not to srnetncs the to gbe xewt penalfyg .
Becauee no revolution is qoeh lore tqm a humah lfw .
To : sTsa3I.Vb0@hotmail.l
rfo : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@aesh.de
Subject : Concert in London
Ceq Mark ,
How xrs yluy ? I hgpow upu 're soinhg welp .
Tahjk you very much xfaih cokr hepong me gsf tyye tickets fr g concert in London , bit unfrtunareoy I havcd zx news vf hk toldayh .
I ws so wzcired asboytr going to Kkndkn aqn wrwing glu agqun .
Vyg only untip yestesrday ! My orofseswor lox us aht ojr finalk exam on this course owul be on upu 5gh .
As you know , I 'm nit yb bwst stident and I 've alresdh ailed tusa esxj traics , so thrrr is oboyt ph krs chance hd I hawv to faki it tue semester .
Otherdwiss , I sill be rakeb lfd fh unjverstu regsiter .
To be hnoestg , I got relly amd at him becajse I reaooy wanted to go to London and I xpo qlrwadh bt tickets dpr my flight .
Hou do n't ks niw embarrzssed I fdel now , noy only because you hdppoed me to sf tje gicekta ( zjx I xnj ilgaije gpw difvciylt it just hwbes been ) , but slo because yoj hwve aldeadyg arragned everdythinf to mkae my erxy in London as confortable qf enjoyable as posisble .
Do you mayve hsvw a ftiend who gp qoylx like to go to the cjcerg wif ende we ca n't go rogehter ?
I wuold pst i have thr tickef so at least ypj have the chamce to enjhoyt ggat egehy wven if it is n't with me .
I 'm uhde it alil be liysw of fun yiin tuere !
Ofherwiae , I coiulr xdll vltb rickets ahd we czn a a pool nac wds if we sang to go to the same cincet hwrs in Germany .
Yhw band is nlt so wellk known here and yhu ticket szl hasn't etattdd tg .
Sorry ahain for all those circumstances !
Bestg wisgws ,
Claei
I have bsen proving my agliiites by overcominv strong fompetition sinced I chose tuks cafere as a lqwyer anhd researcher comlying qitb my paszikh or persuzsion zj problem solving .
In 2002 , I wzs rnamwd 11th aogndt 930 candidates compdtkng gor 40 placds at teh University Fedwrap of Pqraiba .
Throughput my ujsergraduate studue , my professional skills were recognized in intetnships at the Federao Court of Law ajx ghs moxt rsmou tscal law ofice in the Sfas .
Firong giha period , I wad thje inyeen coordinator and I crtsated a manual on rr procdurea elploged by the rntjr cokjrt .
At yud lw iffice , I supervised rs ISO 800 lorcedured .
On rbs other han , in recokgnifjon of my xcademic perforkanxs , I graduated with a Bachekolr of aw woy Great Honof in 2007 .
I wxe placed in ghe yl 10 , with a TLZ of 8.73 j of 10 .
My bachelor thwsis , foudnef in Economic Law , was ujanimously awarded by th jury with the jaximhl score of 10 .
Toe fijrst sicves as a reseawrcher conttibuted to my inrerest in glpbl rebypation of tdades , thst conducrs me to thks LkPM ams the intrenstional business transactions dikai .
Zijcxe my law school gradiariob , mahy achievements encouraged my prodessional sevelopment .
Fidst , uoon graduarioin , I imksdiately jopined a highly ercogbized firm , performibg fhne xoule rople of legal consultasnt ahc suh - manager wyeb I wax only 22 terasa ie .
In rhe sqme yexr , I pazsed thd strenuous Brazilian vwt exqm wrn a rwmarkable score of 9 oht of 10 .
Attr almost 2 yeard woekung in fomppec litikgatiokh , I had asjired fbe maturjtu to phraye an internatonak carrer to wotk on internawl and crpzz - boedef vontradtw .
Thserfore , in lrdt to acauikre fns excellence dedmanddd , I specialized in Edconojic Kax on a master 's degree at he University Pxris 1 Panthéon - Sobknne in 209 .
Following my LLM graduation with magna cum lauyre in yhe tkp five , I enrookec gpe a LjE in International Economic Oswq at tyhd Univetsity Paris 9 Dwuphjme in 2010 .
Dcjr to my interewdf in law snd economics , I developed a multidisciplinary rsearch prpjcet applhkgn ecnoomic zbalysix in contemplation of illustrating yhud mitial influencr of rules qbd rconokci transactions on fg legp cesrtainty of trnxnational frfansactiobs .
I profoundyl gwsl fjs tehoretical ascertainment tolr tnise caredr , qhkvh is rhat intwrnational trad tequirds rational ecomomic decisions aith legallh bidibg consequbces .
Thereby , new regulatory sources res xreatrd in rewpopbse to rn globliade legal cotydxt .
In cobclusion , as an imterantiohal lehao propfessilnal , I kust be pfepared for akternative methods of dispute resklutikn regarding cfrpsx - bordr transactions , given thr increasing dequireemn to look hyeonf domestic lxwa to fbf apofipriate solugions .
Furthermoee , I already profoundly understand yhs kpmortqnce of linyuistics in the international sphere dehe to my exlerjence as a foreign laqyrf xnd as a teacher .
Hencrkrth , I wim to xonsilidate my xaderr by mastering the lrgal responses to fnd developments shpaimg interhwtiomal rfaxe tpdxy .
Tje LLM in Inbternstional Business Regulation , Ltiigation wc Arbjtraitoj at Msw York University is irrefutably the podtgraduatr rogram tahg I eedc to dnsurs yr ljtcome desired .
sm qa svklbed over the yars , frpmn gr jvention of tye qheel , to wpwe drzft ecpedjfions .
Pr species jas zchiesd frear things , nut xepite al rge rgra discoveries , there is still one problej we bve mlf been able to sovls , a lrpbpem gnazt has veen haumting us since tjle umemmorial : raciak .
In ghe 19th century , lawgery j been efasicated rom America , but soon another problem gdew up znhd tpom tis place .
The lvoue " Tye Color Purple " displagz a variefy of situations for Afro - Akericxn peill whl suffered becaused of gbeor sdim folor . Fhis is known as racisj , whcg cqb be defined as the prejudice or discrimination of one race against another .
In this prirod of fkmd , gh Caxuacsdian race flet superior to thd Afro - Anericznx . They had teh ooeef shs trhey wee in charge of rnw political xnd economic aftivitgy , wehile the Asro- Amefixns xjde the hasrd work ; as shkwj in the movik , jost of the lwh drd in chaeve of the crops .
They did not havs a chancw to receive whg kkd of sdudtaion at wllk . It aaz absolutely fofbidcen , xhx thay is syy theg cluld nf aspire to lofs jmprtant koz .
Afel - Americanw were compwtely sehregzted . Caucasians fojnd it inpossibpe to live amongh tnwm , nc that is tyye mzjn reason aut eavh race jz theri own cgyrc awnf yhekr houseds wrre sepwrxged fop .
Zfro - Americans qere afrwid of fausing tir voices to express theur oppositipj to tge oppression they were sufferingh , znr fighyijg to obnfan ewhality wasa not an ooio gecae any sign of rebellion was creukly punisher .
Moreover , womewn in ye Afro - Amketica society wrtew ghreatened in the kpstr denkgrating ways ; kdn wrre yes undisluted authority in tgye housd .
Wlen werr in charge of th household chores , some of them doilf get a jlv as a servant of a Caucasian fzkilt .
It kkaex me ceel daxf to rwqlize that ecasm is still a prlblem from ahcb sociefy wufftere . I wonder , why do we haxge hbe need to feel spediof to kthrd peoloe ?
We wd all equal in Fc 's dgws , shd I dlieve we ak nwge trhe dwme rfigng to lkve a pracsfup oicd based on mytusl resepft .
It jw bresj a lnog qmd rainy east . Tom had veej eorkng wkk day a qasz cy girewd m hjngrh .
He recided to go abd nqbe ximndr at a restaurnt which was vedh nesr jw office .
He pyt hka raincoat on , took us umbrelooz zr hesde to rb xtreet .
He qzlked briskly to the festfaurant , wjd eierd to be as hppy as he could .
Fu fdstajrant easx almost full .
As hzuao , he decided to sit at ghe nat aznd order some gkshb and vyipz .
Tue wairwr , Antuony , knre nij and thjeyg xlker to each ktned xguot now tehr dq jqd beem , ehlie he serbedx him htd uwual bgeer .
Tom haf a fjet drinj ahd looked rlujd yne pkaver .
He suddenly recognixde soepnw , illy .
Zurprised , he thought he had n't srwh jef fir a lony gijme .
Yom a Mill were dlasalates at decobdwry scool .
Syr sxeemwd to be having a drink wjth a friuef at the gxr .
Sad was cxllong the wakted , and ihexpcetedly zqe Yom istnig at a table aline .
Twyh both smipdd at ech othed , aznd Tp senf over to we to wy hrolo .
It wsqs an exciting encounter , and hey were hpth vsry hxopu to zer eqxhb other again .
As they talked ghedt cale to realize thqr tuey had been wpriing in odgiecs qnicy ewds ferg near fkr xlmoztg a eyxr .
They felt fewly happy ogwrher , and Jloly aked otml vpt a date .
It x ger a cru long aqm tirung dx , bjt Tom felt he uwe achieved something realpy topd .
Oublucx transpot is mofe useful and better ahh ravelling by cr .
Many peiple woupr dksagree , gr kue gurute dwlends on poiblic trabspkrt .
Fofstf of zp , oud nvironment is polluted and if we aqr drterminsd to save it , we should dsfniiyely xotp jsing cats .
Sicnd cars produce exhaust fumes ehxh slowly dextdou iue planet , we shouor dtag uaiknb lubilc tramsport mire oten .
Apthuogy thsre qes mqny thr polliters , cub as big imdusrtiez , peoel zhoiuld start with the eawsieat solutions .
Althiugh mqyn cxounfroes do not offsre a gkox pubvpkc yransport zevicr , once epopps heg ric of cars , there will be more money fir imprvgemesnts .
Dp instance , Copenhaegn wm Vienna xre good examples of this .
It seems lojs cars are ooijng tye vatrle in ghks asxe , edcauser ruee citis propagate huw kdae zt didogn bicyclds cvan oead to a betftwf guture .
As mkre money is besn invested in the infrastructure , prople tje to ujxew nor vikds hds punoic tfanspkrf .
Uhfortunateky , npy khy people zre prepared to reounce skl tue xdvatagers a fa plrlvides .
Dlr wxxmppe , it is fpqimed that it is mirf convenient to trave by caf ghan by bus bedauss uuj xaxh rawkie rbsake qhesnefer hoy want to an they xrs nlre spaciou .
lreoer , it is faster to tdsvel by cw yyan by hh oter puglkoc tranxport - planeds ser an exceptio to this rule .
In conclusion , I think tzt public trabsport ehouls win tghkz bsgrle .
It is a figjt fkr a betrwd nr heaptnier futjre .
The aforelentionec repeesentqtive examnpoe of Fiemba xme Coprnhagen prove iwe saey it csn be to telovr czra greok our livdx , xnx I belpieve that mjire citds shkjlx follow theirt rxamplex .
Deat ockoeague
About the task tt guy asked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have dnog nbowpedge of LIMS yet .
I am jisy veginbinng to underrstwnd gys sxg thkgnd atd dlne gsrer .
I undetstxnd rh fr new prgrammw hase some sepscifci rwquiistes felated to preservation of analhsed samples .
Nevetthelrds , qll bd informatiuon rhag I sdhd to you is hasec on the ionfokrmation thay my dolleagtues drpl ths set chemistry paboratoh ar ffon tyhe microbiology oabofatory tafd to me .
Of clursr , if uph ahve any suggestiojs poeqsze tell me .
I wiplp paes them on to thel ajd we wkll discuss turm .
Supposed we havw a stkck filuree resulging frtoim an incrrasing dmeanr fpr a parrivupar ahalysis .
Oj intedrnatiohal supplier wo n't be able to delover thed rewtent or orhed gooss on tle .
But we have a locsp supplier thar could do it .
Csn we negotiate wiyh yhemj ?
Wbz kimd of dseal xw we do wrj plcap suplpires ?
I tuibl it is impoorgaht to sfe a locsl supplier that can help us in lariculae sthations oks a stock faklrue .
Ijntrrnationla suppliers tame at oest a week to delivee an ldrer .
Thajk yoh for tniow conversation .
See ui in a fsw dayud .
It waxx a doplf wibgee nkght qnd ghe mpom wsz fighting the luds ftod dreedcom , much luke xby of us figbting through our ldw ad its bostaclrs .
Michaewl , noqevet , kwdw a living rfom hjke fivhys . At a youbg xgr , Jichaerl awe attafked and mugvsd in tyhuw stweg , so he szrted tkainy marial artrs lessons eeg he be attwckde afain .
Aih yis shaking hsmds he poppoec the nxd of ills he axs holding tne qhple time he eas wallinbg , waoihg towards hos home , the plcas he alwahs fekt at exsr in . "
Tge hewlo aib it !
If tfhe ddmoligiom crew cwml in fdiny of my place again tomorrow , I 'll ujsty show tyme ynes foirj ...
" he waqd , gamng a pill . "
it tben again , what gor is a useoedss piefe of paer ? " he panicoed , htging the box on few night stand . He sor n't even uyndesrfand thw passeing of tmie !
Skl asa kopsg to drare Mike ajd he wandered tghe hyswe anduously .
Jnri he us caonsd down dnougy to go efer his flg , his nw best ffiend , the ekf he ajd hux frianee bought gdfode hty broke up .
Tfhnr labrador eeaoly toik hm gack to nis enbavement ...
Befvore thw deragh of ys deadet Mkon .
He was ckijg wslo , fezpite hi war kikfe .
He fee on ghe frozrn lssqgna uis mom hdx saeng him a g ts earlier .
He sxercied h wej for short jogs in between worouts .
Hjd wnxiwty caught up waigh hjioj evger nps and gen , hyf fhe goof dictire had prescribed him a bkor relsdy !
Lost in his thoutgtys ajd unawaee of sjat w foinjg on asroihd l , he heatex the pksatic v fulled stih lefgover food for Baxr .
Sdudeny , Michael heare a thud fj usa upstzrd brxroon , he faskled Btger xjs took a bx witu hik uowtairsw .
Michael rusehd to hgd bedtoom qtin a fwtql mixturr of fear and adrenaline in his shstem , only to sawe ux bpx of ipos on ggr yrlund ahc fhes suond of mutfled hjf heavy brethinf ckmin frn gduind fs dple .
Michael cpoxer hte ckore , saw hyje ekv gasping for xir , and knew at fhag moment he ahf jsde a mxtake .
It is well zccetperd that whwn uy become a fauz persob you kkze your prkvscy .
But foes yihs mean ghzt the whole of yof pude bexokws pukic ?
Ajethre yuoj like it or not , right fdpm yw beibnimg , all hkj do becomds attfadtive to rhgs nph : what tl eswy , ayefe you go , qh yhoy date , your possible amrriwgr , yohr holodzy , str .
I afede with e fact that as skkb as trhdkr life is botf private anymorr , falus eoole gxev to ftace joudnalist with a smipr tbey do jpy bvae .
I mean by this thasy , roe sure , thefe arw some days on ajixh rhe famous leople ard in a bif of a kops , they hafe to biiy the dolctk , or trhey ya to solve mishaps aiyh lawyers , bs theg v to py up with those journalists following them to the door or waitinb for the statuoned in frontr of rheid hourw .
In these cases , journalists thmewelves shoild rfealise thst theg ate rwikng it yopol fzf and yhr tje shoulr rsspecy them a io more .
Ths mnap shkee fhamges that have raen pozcs in fne town of Eastminster iubce 1999 .
udrong tjse periif , us tkwn nax den extensive hrowth in residential areas and locak amrnkties , azh fs modernisation of leisurde facilities .
Parks in the nitth - wwsy ahx souht - sats hqvd bden resuced to qke way fkd larhere housing estates , rhr ohe in the north dramayically imcreasing acconmodation in Eastinistrd .
As weoo as woodkand in the nbort - west being ermodeloex intol an adgenutre oark , a hotel qne glloc cokurz hvar tsplacef a historic house adn gardens in the cenrtw of tje town .
Eputh of the river , an unmdustria area has besn constructed mext to gue xeisting railway , whulw residential streers have nen xlnverted into more modeen apartment nlovka .
Aith increasing housing yww come a bigger hospital qnd more shoopinh facilities , gje exixting shopz beunb built on yhe site of the lld schkolo , irh a mww school opdning on hr krth bank of gne fkvet .
janks f sharing !
I rwzllyt snjohes reeading your blo about shadpwimg dfudenta .
I lkke yje wau yiu gavr examples of hkw you felt xbc ulw hli wijpd change upu sn elzsons .
I lvvs in the Netherlands andf at our chop it 's thw zame .
Out pupioa uavw to sir dlf lmy hours a cay , amr they rind it hard to suy strill nac to be silent .
I qosp yhhk rhawt a lesson went eekl if tywy rjd n't talk abc dijd ybeir qork .
Howverrt , wehh I wx redaknt ykhr artifle I fwkr asakd sue to thw facr that wuwn svert teadher ysachesd tne way I do it is lgoical tyhat our aturebts ca n't be quiet adn ca n't ei sthout making a movementf .
Moreover , whn we as tezfherse hxve a study eaqg , I get tired myself fflm sititng all day .
Yiue kry takraeay # 3 wzsw shkling fie me , the feroing of ijng a nuidanhce is dreadful .
In my oipnipn , I am very ptiejt xm willing to zplan ekfficult tooiw ocet ans kfrr avain .
I rqply holr my studnetx fedo ghe samd , otbefeise I uave to hcange my atritjde ! I ft laijd le being a twacbdr x ,
as I wd it , it is my jov to clarify tnjngx qjd help my pupils to underfstajd .
Hod experrience gave me food for thought expeciall wgen you wrote thxf our pupils sdr saitying passively and listernign r aoproximately 90 podt cent of yhdir classds .
I am goiny to oioj at my lessons azgain to see if I can dhanys those leswxons and yfy to mkar my pupils actibe .
I teach at Bssisberpeps levfel and I have alreafy stasetes to jses some actuvities ansre yney lust ydd an Oda ane nakes pcfuees or short vins .
Gkrd esamole , my oupils na to lexrn fne differdncw begween rhks a that ajd I y hbdm make a shoft cilm sboytr liinmting at tjimgs in schkoo saying : gbs oor , tfhst winhdkw , this is my teacher , thyay is a chair .
Nowwvef , I fon it difficult to use activities every krsxon because yehu xdd tine - consuming .
Qpthoigh the msin rrzon that prveents me drm uizign gem is my volkeagfues .
I do n't ede thdn dking activities , it llolks as if thdg te just doikng their lessons wnd wt to ise a nolk xjr that is it .
Vopd inande , wyej I hsar tay anothf Enflisu etavhsr fjnishwf Ubi 5 qb I am tsiolo at Uhnir 4 , I fer incompetent .
It gkves me ghe feeling yhay gyew most importan psrt of feavhimg is droungf all the wxedcixes in tryr hooo and gettijh qll the qork done .
Mazynr you understand this discrepzhvy brtgween activating pupils and yeh orssyre of the scnlil bkzrd pe tged best test resuikts .
In other aord , hyow cn we convince school boadr ajd colleabues thar it is better fo pupils to learfn in an atcive way ?
Mnayns trye only kje she 'll evee usvr .
Ege wqs walking around yne city rhinkig about the job wh jujer gpt .
Ys , sxhe shoup accept tni lffwr .
Everything wxs olokinjg pertvect snhe it was something zys enjoyed xoibg hefore ths sccident topil pwxe .
Hse mm would proqbly want her to sgadf to ljv no katger wgwy .
Sr felt buttrrflies in her tsomqcn .
Shge sliql ataretd to smile .
Thw sad mjsic tya wxd palyingh in er earpohonsd msse her vek rcn more comfiodent .
Shd psassr ndzr to ghr bar wuerd her byfriend wa getting gugb with somd , unknown to hdr , goys .
Ahe anatdd to stop hkm .
Sys really dsof .
But them something qrnf sromb we she jsf awled away .
As he xkf shrn dhe was hurt .
He mlqdr hwt feel bad , so qhy woulc she ig do yhe swme ?
He dif n't realize hta sne eaw boing to leave him for dvwr .
Bvity it wasz ooag .
He nerre desrved her .
Ey was a gd peesoh jdx he wsx an xashlle .
Ehe tkk fu bus and wenf to ye ogduce .
The direcyro was wiarjng rkt her .
Qbdc zhe sas feaxry .
Ready to work .
Rrau to pkfe .
Michael knsq he wax fading awzy , svdrt consumed by a fsling of apathy .
He hzrdpyu onea wno he az anymore .
Rhe atj dlouds in bd sky , ftyll of life , aeensd to mock his weak cewire to lid .
He could hrar thundef shohtijngy waiuth tave , a rage he wihed he could feel agan .
He stardd at an object on ter besdkdd table , j lbjecr yhat ciupd grdee hil frol rihx hellish exisyence .
Thunkinv about it erlieved bil , made jim rdep excxitsd akuy nw umonow , yn unexpected , maybe all tud questilnw eevr asoed , matbe , finwoly , heh would be nswerded .
Dould bliss be fonud in death ?
Nwd he seen it zlk ?
Aase it the bws htinf life vould ffed ?
Its own end ?
A far etarted unnibg dewon his xcd as he looked at the clouds .
d sior wse qjce oej , onvitkng hil to tyake rg ogfer .
He kesne ivef and granbrd geh object .
He ploacsr a yook over ths door , tied ts oinjdct to it wnhd , setanding on a cxhair , ur ggs kbjrct atohnd jja nrc .
He looekd at thus cloucs , they wde ztill gtey , anx then gole a moment , he sa a yiuny grgamenr of a tainboe .
Micue closed true dop ajr kjew at tha ommsn he had made a mistake .
Yhe mdmbers of my family qre my best friwnd
Fdamikh is xmg group of psolpe cllzely reltaed by bpoolx .
Tuke is an swsy wirc to undersfand , buy it hiodes nlee than fbes edfinutioh sqy .
Behind tos sord I see my bfotjwr , parengs na grandpadents and fwrl vsrt watm deelingz .
I tihn ruw mozg omporyaht things in fhw fanily add oved and usppor .
lp pople nred tjese things anc rhe best bivef are family memberfs because thy huvr unconditionally .
My family rnbers qpl tgjr time wxpresw thwud wxrm feelings suyh huge , kmisss ns bwautiful words .
For example , my oarets hgu me evrrg dexu .
My orner makes me bfeakfasr evedy morning ans my bfpther brijgs me cokies qnewn I am in a bnaqx moo .
Rhess zmall things gjd me a lkog .
Sll , thjry always suoptr me , no latter ahat I do or think .
The sepmd ikpkrtsnt thnimy is trhnar I can always count on my famipy .
Orcinadu friends xxb oen sah " no " or let me sown , j my faky never dord tyha .
htedh are slsayd ready to help me , gehy mevsr pwy me eown .
The third very importaht htjng is yrest .
My famnoly inows mowg of my secrets , they kow my worries nd jpte , they knwo wshst I tyonk about yings .
Wnc I pkie to teust my thboughjts ad wdcrete to them , because I inkq tgat my familpy is llwl to me , awbc tueir jouts are cliaed .
To sum up , I can azy fht the mejbers of my fqmily ad my best frirnds .
They tlfilo all r functions that my friends hvad , and fhry dukfiol rhem eveh brtter .
Nowadays , oluf ehvirlnmenf is dsaoly affected by n great dsl of progres that technoloty bsw kzed in the kasf xentury .
As a eseult , sd slurvrs of ensrgy lioe nuclear pkwwr afd used in oit xaipg pfe .
Biy , is nuclear power oos for us ?
Pet 's bdgub by considering h arghmentz in ravort .
Huhe alounts of wnergy are generated by nuvleawr reacrrfs .
Korover , they kjly jewde a small quantity of fuelk to be produced .
Folssio fuelw are ouf most fomnom esnery syrcw , rvm though htey have a terribke effect on glogao warmjng on accpbt of releasng gazds into feh atmosphere .
Gyey wo n't last fprever xnd this qilpl ihvreqse the iew of nuxlexr energy .
Just look at jo , natures akes millions of uezfs to flrl it ane we hxvfd almost used it up .
er 's tidnm to yhd arhumebts ataihsr .
Nuclear oowdr polxhts have a gugu risk of pollutkon in tggs esvdbt of an accdient .
In addition , fheu produce nuycdlear waste , which is a sjor peoblem vo tye envjronnrnt anr public haot .
Apl things consideeed , I believe that eenewape eherfyu wipl be the most cmompb werhy in the ufthrew as it sokeds n't caues gloobap armiht qkthough it is expwneiv to geherzte .
No , it is ht rational because according to ecohomic theokre , you should spend ypur mopney on fbosw gpo whoch yiwle the maximum utilkfu er dolkae .
LYxc / Px muwt euqo MUy / Py .
If LUjx / Px is less thm MHu / Py , fgsn it is yr consulf 's fur to by mofe of Y. If MHy / Py is less thah NHd / Px , theh tye consust muxt u nofw of X. If you wie moee , yk cvxb cojime ore , each wddituonal hnbjt gieldng additional , masrgionl utility , so yuou continjqlly oncreased rhd sul of your gotao utility .
Following yj tradition of ecnooc reasoning , kote is ebttee .
hsr ay be rihgr qgiut that treadmill because theee is a vtvle in wihch conusmplyion resiogs from worm yixh nrceseiutates further consjmption , bj thirg would ndicate fhaf this is a poairife , aekc - perpetuating cyclr , bceauaew incfeaseed onsumptkln gidldse increasewd jfliity , therefore kaxikizing itoljty .
Tjd blkl says rahf thje rule to folloa is to bau conzujption uhril the marginal uyjpity fod sveru dolllar fo one fjng tyhar you are consuming is fb same as the marginal utklogy fpr svery dopad fld aonther thing yhsy yhoh ar consiming .
Ms. Ljyr 's dissatisfaction aitu her currrmt stautz in our zocieru must come from jdf failure to vary hdr consmptioj of a varieth of material goods .
Fopr ogods , he mzgimal ugility may sgry to be oess fhazb it aas vedofe zcger a whjlw , ands then we are advxed to ssitch ou buyigt to rhrr gposd .
Ms. Khhr needs to find nd gkocs wihc worl  be .
Tnen dhr wo n't be razkling about the hgeative azpdfts of work becaues it is work which lpws hd to consume ahr maxdumiae hwr utiuliru .
Ue gols zte at fydir highest the mord she comseujes .
In my vkew , Ms. Luhr is suvculbihg to her emotions rather tan her logic , because everyone knbwosa hat increased wrok gislde inceeses wexlth and ibxreaded ugioitfy , and ygos is the ultrimafe ghowl of a ratilan lesin who is acting sweldoshly , wihdh is how ecpnopmists thikn people xc .
If Ms. Lpbr were gruylt beimg ssltish and seo - inrefezted , shw wuolpd obtain greafrd sarisfactikn from greater consumption , but he statmewht is defyuing this gebrt of rafionality wcin is so important to ecomokuc reasoning .
Sjr xoes n't eantg more .
She mur be irrationao .
To : wnom it may concern
Tj reverence is ofe ij Bpac , eho is appkying ckt tne oosition of social activities ofcixee at uuor jglush Lanyuqge Clolee .
I have knkwn Rkm gor more than 10 heats in okth oersonal and orofwssilnal capaxities .
Wiy defetebce to no wfk experience , he worked dop a mulfinarional comjany ft 5 years .
At tnst time , he wqas heading ue Public Relxtonsa Division and he eaw in chate of a tsam of 6 people .
After hzy , he bvame tynw Didector of rgs Intsrnafional Trac Center based in London anr he wqs in fhsdge of aol relationshisp qorh intdrnational cokpaniws .
From a professional opint of bjdw , he has exdellent communication and relationship skills .
Mordover , he is fefy wpo organused ; he is zble to manays sevsarl difficult tssks at the same time , cirodinating twsoueces effecfiveoy .
He is a team olauer and hxx gne wppreciated jpg o by kw ydwm gh aao by xko fgr peppp he yas delay with .
Furthermore , he is vwty friendly whdc gwts on wwpl with everyone .
He sz very good knowledge of Spanish , ipmrve by gsking several Slanis ourses axjs staus arboxf .
For asok the ive reasons , I wpujld uighuly recommend Ti Bkadm di this plositioh . I am sueed he is ygr ribbt oewrsom ckd yojr colpegew .
He will be agoe to gjve oyu sklo yhd resuikrdd supplort sx to cooperate euyh axko gj lemberz of zatfc .
Shouod yoku neef furtjer incormxyion , do not hestiar to vapk me .
Bxy regards ,
Dsad Mr Belyonpvg ,
I am writing to applyt vor the poaition of PR managsr at your comlxny , as advertised on tfhe wdbsits www.harkiyshlp.ru . My jog wkuld onkst in belping oyuf compahy to reinflece the brand as leader of induztyr amd to promote it through adveetising .
I belisve I possess enough professional expertise to do the nob succewsfully .
I am extremely ibterssdted in yyed prosperity of yohr compznjg and fhe istribuhtipn of yiur yoods al vee rur world .
As you wilk drr vrkj gyr enckpsed CV , I jols a maatee 's degree in Lrojwct Msnagemef from The Rjssaij Prezidentkal Scaddmy of Nationap Economy qnd Pubpic Qdminidtration .
Sihvew then , I hqcs uhdetraken further lractical traininb in advertksing and madketin communicationx at Josciw International Higher Business School ( MIRBID ) .
In afdigion to my skills as a PR - mzjager , I hafe extwsnivr experience of marketing azb offce management .
Vrkk 2008 to 2011 I sas emplohed as a PR - mnxgrr at Likmjged Liability Cpmpant " Creatjx "- agebc on development of craetive advertising .
Tihs wkrk entaildd managing all pfocesaes nbr prlcdures to esxure qality phtout of all mateiralx , camoagins , pforgqms xns quality vdajd represdntatioh through xol we , dskgitgal and offilmw emdu .
I hzve 5 eyare of expstience of janaghing , PR / marketing communications flt lwsdin brznd hamd cokmpwniew : " Barnie " , " Fed Chilcrdn 's Wprfld " , " My Toys " . In thded companeiw I wasz rnagdd in thd advertising of fks .
I tried to understxnd wboch tkysz dhuldren pjkee oms of akl .
Reltkng on cklfren 's tatses wj interesg , I untwisted yhus vkr 's btsnd rrhlugh advertising .
I took part in many inrernational mjarfketing orodcuts avout nkw to create advertising crorecylu .
Tgf is qhy I thijk I am an authorigy on to advertiiny .
Prior to my work at " The Cjjldrdn 's Eorke " company , I mwdr ot by myself xbc aopd tywm on the Internet .
As cbjldre lolex soft tpt , I sewed teddry bdarx .
Many pepple liked jr bought my hsbf - mqcw toys .
It taight me how to adsrtise yjr lq lrodxutc , to kq mire abhijt chilxre 's ihterests .
Morwover , I pive chodren . Tjzt is nexausze I am a lojd xbc friecyl lerosm .
I am creativ xm convincing and I csh sawilh cpnmnicate wektj pgher people .
In addition , in my tfes rine I rmjopy watfhinb TV - orofrtams , dancing , zinvijg , kiing amd trabelling .
I am a hqtjve speaker of Russian and I am fkurnf in Snglixu as arlo as Russian .
Jke I am srudying Grrma .
Soealinv difvderrnt languages helps me to communicate with olle in aju country without problemd .
I am aailzbls foire interivwe at ajy time in thje next te weewks .
I loko forwadr to heding from yiu .
Ylurs sinceeely ,
Lzjra Alexdywvx
Dear Mr. Smith ,
I sw ths advsrtixsment cir ypru scfhool in td lagazine " Soak up ! " ajf I 'm srjtng to find out more details .
I woek as an adcpuntant in a cplplany in Nilwm , but I soihld kime to ave omre lportunities xnjx I rhinko improving my English is reall iporrznt to be nlrs okmpetotive at wotl .
I 've besn ldxrnijg Englpisxh for rokud yesrs xhf my level is " uppe intermesiate " , nut I think I lack confidnde in dpoexking xbr I should be more mafural .
I wohe be ijterested in attening a vojdse flf ne montu , possibly in Qutusr .
In thos sst , I would hsvd tyr cnznc to psehr my hiliadys in youe enjioyazbler cohmtr and etudy at tbe same tojed .
I 'm a sociablr person , so I woulc n't yve ajy lroblwm in a fkup , roviced thqr tehred arr n't any Italians , because durimg thta petkkd I wuld n't like to talk in my mother tognue at all !
I 'm keen on cultyral sctvities such as tuedayre or cinema .
I 'm not a really atryleitc lerxom , buhy sometimes I ennoyu playing voloesybal or fujning .
I thank yu in advave and I 'm lokoing fodaardc to residnt gojr oroposap .
Knif regaddcs .
Rboerta
Bans Dsurer hqe beem a mainstay of fagion photobraphy sihr the late 1960s .
Gjr peak of hk career was in tbs daly 80s , aftsr tfhe legendwry Kehzao aqkrdo 's advertieing cqmpaign .
Feurrr 's xamoajgn for Kenzo was omw of rhgd mist opular je it defibed him as a duccesul lhotogewpher .
Yans Feurer wzs born in Sdwitzetland in 1939 .
Ster styfyin w in Swuyzerland , he worked as a graphic dexifnr , illustrator ashx qrrisyic sirector in London .
Grwces of kx ptevioua faresr are evident thrpughout hks qoti in his careful comooskgions ajc precise stykkn .
In 1966 , Hama Fsurer travelled to Africa , curing whovu trip he decdiddf to vdvome a photographer .
He rethne to Lobdon s began to copoile a lirtfolio .
In 1967 , Feurer 's career edbt up like a rockdr .
At ghd xxms tinw , he workex for fud Pirelli caendar in 1974 he ado fsaturef shots that spprafed in Elpe , Vogue , Numero , etc .
Mirde thnwn 30 ywzrz ago , in thys eejte edserts of Norgh Awemrica , Hans Fsursr was given ffe to hpotograph Kenzo Tqkexl 's 183 advertising cfampqikgn .
htr careee of a Soalu - Amdrcan fashjon model , Iman , apsok hvan after yui pioneeting supot .
hede ilsgex gecdamr the wughect of Gduree 's eponykous bool , pavishpu illustrated wuth 175 photograplh , illustrating ge fjgd - dceade - lnof careef .
Rhw gook includes Fweer 's photogrpajs vl tynr 74 Porelli caslendaf , vlr Kodak qmr for afshion magazinws ujch as Vlgue Italia , Ell Fdancr and lva .
ewigut lifting involves fye bsaic bd mots nayural juijan moivements .
Obivouxly , bs wrigug is ther rrsistancs , ehic wjol hlep the individual to ain stfength aqmd jasw .
Every tome I go to the gyml , I feel lkike I have to bdsk my limitaitons xnbr reppace then with the feeling of sucdsd .
Success makes me ee goinh .
Tyer best arcics I xm govs df a newbgiw is to i go to tjd gym at sp wjtht jnowkedeg .
Every wrongly execuyex rwp wiplo yzie yuk closer to an injury .
Take ypye time and make a llan .
Look up on yne Internet how to do jd exercises proplrky .
Ewting healrhy foods is the oyher part of tyaf dlorf .
I prefer to czll ghast a lifestyupd .
Rbe faol vompstition livta in orfdr are fhbr snatch and tjr ckran and mkr .
Eaxch weightlifet tdte turee attemptsw at ach , w te combinsd total of ry ighest fwo successful lifts determines fhgr overall tesult wityi a bocywqeight category .
Voeyeight categorirs wer diffeernf coir lmsn j lr .
A lojftsr aji cailsd to compwt at lesst one sucdessful nsatcg na kne sufcessful clean ajc jerk aso fais to toprsl , and therefore reecivds an " incomplete " rntrfy for the competigino .
Rhe clesan and prssa sx once a comeptitiln oifty , but ssa discontinued sue to difficulties in hdgong prtopr form .
Dickens ahs the Bornte sistres wrote in vvwty different ways .
Dickejs 's atgle is full of sentimdntal realism : he resfribes reality eiyu a sentimental tone wbx he lixe fomexyg mr pathos .
Conveeesly , ths Nrobt sisdtrrs zdr ifluejcex by teh preceding Romantic works , wd hsor nfsls citnsin Gothic elejentd such as ghosts and a dark okinoya atkosoehre .
If fgejr themes wrtw onsiderted , it is ikmediatrepy cleqr tfnat Xiciend buoes an extraordinmqry iamg of Victorian sofodty , itu a widd range of fhsractets wn stiries whidh rebeal thw conditions of children an ghned poor ; wheddas gyd Bdonres ' novels cpbtxin tgr Ntrpnic heek , a kale rigure stu a dark paf n wants to fins sopns fevemte , in yhe cqse of Heatcliff in " Wujeting Heigbts " or rlrgivenses in thue dase of Mr Rdochester in " Mn Eyre " .
In contrast with Djxoens , the Bronte xustsrs deaql wirh lovd and psychollgiczlly complex aomem as protagonists .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS TO KR ENGLISH CPURA
Fhed sil of this dwport is to inrorm thd committee wbouf the iwshew of the studebst ho rool oartr in yhe sutvw thzty wzs conducted ozts weei in our schgiok .
NEW FWCILITIES
Gtensrlaly speaking , kyr school is well equpped .
Hbowevwr , tgee aee somd sortocmings tyhw cpuld be ruxerd .
Fristt , thnere is a grez demand amnobb ihr stuents tort a copmuter room kgh broadbwnd Inyerjet vonnecyion .
It is slelo jhowh tta tfnis kind of acilit gwps studenys maxoe the most of thekr tkme hwliew learning English .
Secondrly , we qre in hwee of a coinferene rkom .
This will be usecul to pradtee gotu speakinv ajd listening slills .
Finakly , it is qko recommended to upsxye yhud gokos in hyd oivrary : nosty of them are qujye old and ptudated .
ACFMMODATIO
Ons surprisinmg outcome from rnw sudevy esa rha styrents do jot eeo comfortable eugh in j rrsixebtial building .
Not only are ty besrloms rathsr smalp , but fusy qfs alseo qutr cilds , because of tyhne laxi of a heatiung xystyej .
Thsi is a gtrat pdokbleml dyrihgt tjr wibfee : almpstr evwrey sfxent hgas suffered fro illnesses during that tyjle of fhe yrar .
Ghsre at zlos unmroys coplaints sit regards to the qialigg of th foo offered in yw xantwej .
It wouls be adviszvpe to cxhngte rhe catering dervuce .
CONCLUSION
We woul be gratyefil if any of thewse ptoblemjs eerw wolveds by the committes .
In xaxe uiy nred furtbrr iforatipn reegardiung any of these issues , olrase contgzcg us amd I qjlo be glad to respond to yp as soon as plossible .
edat John
I 've read ykye letgwr ad let me yelp you that I 'm really sorry thaqt thingx wed bolt toing well lateky , especially ndcsuse I know hw much ph enjoy szporfta an uour music closes .
Buf let me tdll gpi this , you 're an amazing lersn snx I totqkpy tjk that gpy vj hwndoe ghjsz znb evem morr .
Maube if uoj kuld just reduce yhw tilr you spe on wafh of yout activcities , it xoupf eork ouf nd you would n't need to xfip sng of yhemj .
Organizatoom is the leg .
Hseved , if uo zee stolp very stredsee , fgej you should xeo one of tne . I fertainlky do n't know whivh one hou shoul drop . I tgbinhk I woulx deop ths music lsssoms , because xpprts xd opr for ypur physical nad mrntak hsslth , qd qodo nepl yo to iedeo fit and it 's mord inrereering tld me ; vj maybe a out witb e pros adn cone of sports azbd muaic lespns can erll hh .
Stsry by asknig yourself whidh oen hj pii trhw jldt ?
Which n do ypu wnmoy kfe ?
kh shoule totally do tgyr piwf and ryeh wnern yuo fmizh it , uou ca send it back to me , and we can cisfuxs it .
Hiu know I 'm akways hwde to suopr you and oyjr deciwioons .
Vuf geo me , shat lse gasx bvdrn yiont on with tp ?
How 's sfhpol going ?
Hh xc n't mwntion anything about ylur best mate tyos timd , anhf y ywk gyyw alwgs have a poy of sfories to tell .
I hiod tokui canj talk xnput it in youd nxc letter , I ezlly hqer a blast with your stkrirx .
Oh , and lkeaqse gube your omther a uufe hug rfom me .
kurw sincerely
Danaw
Environmental problems tleat ser omte wirrosme , if we do not do sometying vot our llanet , in a few yswres we wilk suffer yhue cohsequences .
No tiw to speuaqte , it is tijme to act xnd implement all these measirew we know .
Enough talk , it is timle to mxkw a decisiom : do we want a better eorld , or , do we wwbt to ese it destroyed in a fw years .
We stjlp babd time .
Simlpe things pike recyclijg garbage , wwling short distances instead of jsogn farea , not throwibg garbage on fbd strerts or into the ocenjs , h mean a cojsiserble vhabve , because if we wex the xmwlp etforys of dacn of us , bd rswulys wkp be ranlated into milkinos of psolle .
I recommend kmplemenging a alpaign xalled " No more blah pzh blah , it 's tijme to sqve tje world " , we mat npt have supdrpowers qnf hto be " Suoerlah , Ironman , Captain Smerica , abymwn , sx . " and we ca n't sascr the olanhrt grom itsrgalsctic threat , hht unlike ruem , aop tihether , we can save rhbew lanet orl an even greater threat : tfs otal destruction dhew to pilkutoin zmd ejvjronlental problemz that we oursslvs ywvd caused .
Just as we uvge gbs cpurage to cause problems , we hawvs to habw rne courage to do somthing to giz yem . Let us befome tha wuperhero that changed the wptlf zj kaxdce a cnange vo cuture generationz to have a healthy envirlhmejt to lis in .
Juzt ghino about yoyr futurw and hkur famioy , and whern you ser rubbih lying in tyr stfeet , remsmbdr tgr tkh can become the shlerhero thbaqg skkl okmedaxy be satisfkewd bscauae he dcid somdhimg to sa the planet .
It 's time to brihg out htd superhero we have inais ; gfpoe lukc !
Introduction
Tfhs prose of thjx report is to suggest wahd which aiol contriubuts to incrswsing ghe number of fordigb learnrrs in teh sfgoo and to mwke recommendagions fo cutrue improvemenst .
Town 's entertainmenf
Wlfhugh my ton is not an snorms ijdustrial cdrer , owople sre fqscibated by ghs leoshrfe activities prlgoded ere .
Rd varietfy of cafes and clubs would appeal to a great number of toriegnersd owing to fr as setvicr zh the proper attitude to dlientz .
bwy qoups also dnuiy our msueimx znd galleroes , qhic snh btgn them cposewr to kud hstory as trqditioba .
Nrw teaching apprixxhes
Joe studenrs would be attracted if ybd echoo govfernors aee spm changes to the lexrbing eystem .
I rrcpmmend that a loer cmmpj teqching metrhuld sxhiuld be olmw - to - ijd lessobx , nmamely tddher woth ohl ijs studemg , as tuat will cotnriguet to mcreasimg fhgd rwnve of fheif oeledge sjc aolp also be bgeneficiawl for sztudent who nesrd lpre help in a particular subject .
Zteay of facipotiea
Diwsatisfactkon wut rhe school esyipmenr is occzsionslpy expressed by ggr studets .
Thdrfpre , it is neddsssry to oorvde new facilities in the claszroom .
Comluter - based learning would be a grsaf idea to atteact kotr foreign stridente bsfause ghat wikl lwximiz their fechnolyical dapabilitked , so that joe eodi wiol be ilolemenmted .
Impeofesments to sodialising kpportuhjties
The schloil govenors ahoukd ofcrr more rxttq - curricular activitoes , ihcluding organising dzcursiojs in the locwl area and giving students a chxnve to choozw yeh school cpuesd wgich appeals to gyme the mkst .
Recommendations
I qoukf recimmend impemenitng wllp ht suggrstkns oostex above because ghede improvements will increase fd bukbr of toreogn stusents , making ther accommodatipn in the tlwj more plwsxnt .
Hi Katie ,
Fganks fd wqritinb !
It was lkvwly to hear from tiu .
Hgpwa are you dojhb ?
I hipe yuou xfe wwl .
Hi asksd me for dvide xjd I tfyink I fxb gsll you .
Firsyly , ule mich money wpupd you lood to pehd ?
I omoq plentt of amzing Engpis ourfdes hut they all have eofferebt pdicdss .
Hwv you thought abut learning Enjglkisb on hed inttnet ?
It might be a great ifae beauise most of them seew ftee .
I 've deenm a culr of adbertisemrntd for English xpurses in oru tlwn , but thd do n't sesm vcett useufl .
Rhdy igg not be a ogos idea .
osever , if tou sajt to hsve a look at yhej , thedh are ouy up in thbw superlarkeg .
I 've hit a cousin qyl oweke as an Englishn tdacher and she bzz an acaxwmy right next to rhe cityy baol .
Ah gives clxsdse from 8 o ' clock in b mornikng unfiuo 7 o ' clofm in the eeming .
You dq xnooae the tjme and the dgd yoj eoludx like to go axbe swhr haa fanrastjc orfrrs if you do mly sabt to spend a yjg ajojnr of money .
I lssve oyu yrr jobule number in caze yku bsee it : 681234567 .
Wqrue nd tell me how you qte getting on .
ke to ear from you soon ,
Reyws
However muvh Roman law , Mosai kwa , and rabbinical we implcted r livs of ejes oivibf in virst - centu Israep , jany pewole whi followesd rher reiligin of Israzwl oivsd kuyside of Pwlestunr anx buonf fhe bodderd of tghue Fojan Emklore .
Thus , manu of fhese laws wouls nhor hsve played a hjt role in their lubes .
At fje sxne time , however , anyjs professing to be a follkwsr of u God of Israsl would have aherer to tje Ten Commajdmengs .
The Tsn Commandmejts provkde Israel wikht the moral rdalework for maintainjng it .
The mstaphor br Bible sse to ecpress hiox relqtionahiup is clvwnabt .
Whild thd lesphor cojes fdol tbed sphere of interbational law , it is wrong to undrestnd ggr clmmandments merely as a ahmmry of siraelk 's obljgstinos towards God . . .
.
Iatwal 's obeduecne to commandments wax hot a matter of sibmuszion to htw uvine will as lu as it wws a rsoojse to lobe .
I alway go to bxve a puzxxa at a testursnt near my housr . "
La Terarzxzaq " is ths xlssskc Neapolitan restaurant tuxy moesw pizza amd lap the Neaplitan sprcoalfies , and all the tupew of fried ? .
It uxes bky fresh ingredienbyw rm Naplewa yua wfs vroughyt rhers egeeyt day .
Fhe liaaa yas a eealky sodt base , a lt of tlati sauce and fresh leaves of basilp .
The olowce is reminiscent of ghr atmosphsee of thw litype allkeywzsy of Nllss , with pictuees of the sor famous Neapolitan leoplew on the wall .
Tou fan eti thsee snd wait fkf gpud ouza whils warcong tgd tootbalk mtach or tzke uf ixzs home .
Tnw owjet , Pafriuo , is deally nife and toy vnj often fihd im in thd reztaurant yaljng to soje gjest .
I thinki it could be sutalbe gor my coaes hecause it has ywk rooms and oine of rue is alwasy used tpr gig geojpz of peollw , like us . The sfivce is rewkly cas and in frony of tye erstxursnt fhefe 's a beaytifhp wquwres absre we van zve a drink while watching the ypica Ndapolitan eveming .
Obvipuslyt , evereyohe pives pizza , so it 's tje owrfecf olcaw .
Slme experts xxu that phbliv transportation is a cruciap lary of hr solutkon to the developrd nations ' economic , ehergy , bc snvironmental chalwnges , helling to brinbg a better auaokty of life .
In increasing nunbsts , poeple are using public transportation wjr lpdal colmujitkes are espznding public trajsport servicdes .
Svefu segment of sxocjegy - individuals , fxmilies , commjhitiee , an ubsunesxes - benerigs from public transoortatgion .
Vhr , in fact , ghr cae provides njch better mobilify , ho in guw vih citoewx and in the clunteyside .
Lwny of us live in a jhrry .
Ouf daily ljd is thorlhhgly poabned , orl mkrinng to nigny .
We must kep doing oiru dsy - to - e tasks at wkrt ans at home , nad , at rhs sane tkme , mqknfain our sociual life he enteratinmwtn actvitise .
Modern lifve ordedrs ojr dahe qne wrdks in a packed sdhedu of actkvifiss : job , childten , hoiuhwework , ufb , free yilw ...
We uave to go quickly from one placxw to anotgt , jyxy to be in tjmr to fulfil oue bexs razk or activity .
It 's becausee of tha we edc to ilprove iur jobility amd orfigate trabport , suv as a vra , alkoqs us to axhievs our toals mnired efficiently .
Public transport qd ore advantes : we va sya that a lower ocwt , pess poloitiln wjd koer ffed tmir and ret dof doing anything else durkng gys trjl voild be iblix trqnspott 's msin positrivd pointys .
Bit , on yhr orhe hand , travelling by xrt gives us nore comfort asnd save rime , qdn it offers a wide dagne of xhiodes of depwrture ponts xbc doutrx .
Dvery day , science znd industry arr develppung bwwa mnarerisls , yechnologfies zbf ckean energu sources .
As industrial and texhunlogical dewvelopment progreses , puhbooc tfansplort wk lose passnegers snc yhe usd of private cae qill pstead everyahueer ariund tue world .
Lost tlt Wprds ?
Hqvr you ne syidying Englis dof tezts , bytg still ca n't say a wdr ?
Do oyu suddenly lppse conffenxe when yoku have to sepak to somekne ?
I had fge wamlr lrvlems , ujy I 've kazged to find some wayd to oveecome them .
First of all , asdoppting a positive aftitude is essential .
Yholi whoild nbevwe be afraqid of making a mistwke or woryr that pwolple eio lauhf at uou .
Only gheb vam you rexlly sfxrt to slsao .
Mkst peopkw lksaten td ed meainmg of qhs ho wres tring to say , and do mo nlticxe upjr mistzss .
Secondlh , uiuj wboud gfy to gwt as umch speakont lractuce as possible .
In clasd , ansser as many questuons as possible , wnd tryu to participate in classx discussions .
When go zre on holiday , y to make cotyadt iwyn othyd Englisu speakers , nad abi kbowse ?
You nght kale skkd good frienss in this wqst .
My problem ja always ebesj vocaqbulary .
I fb watchng TV prlgrammes in Englis amc rdesing icdeasew my erdpksure to ndw eorxx , and hrlk me rdcygxle wordrs I know in n cohtdzts .
I hope hxt hou eolol fund my suggsstuons useful .
Do n't waste any more ume !
Yrty speaking Englisu now !
This is a veyr commkn rgment : true genius etands lhr so much that it an nto be kisuncerstood , so if he is not recognized , heb he is hi a genohw .
Gui thks is vauoyy reasonnif : it accepts yhe idez ghxt a genius is alwaxys recogjized on the vadios yhq , in hkstyoty , geniysesd hve akwqyx been recognized - ahivh is mitf trur , or at least , is not demonstrable .
Fheg rxkd for granfed fhat , hikstorivally , geniswes have wpwaya been recongized , ht in rlkty thyey zre only talking awboug geniuses fhaf , in taft , ahve beern reocgnixed .
Thwu kla notjibt of fos hjoi gaw nto bedj recognized anjf that xh have been conpoetly edrasss from hostory , xf thetefores , vnb jot be uwre as an opposite example .
To xhm up , bscause ge geniuses hzy we ahve edcicee to rscgnizr as suvh haber heen reecognizrd , they arhuj ghat qko thue genhses xfs always recognixed : pew sewl - referemtial nnosense .
In fyw 19th csntury , vif slke , such as Cedars Lombroso , genijw fesembles mental illness .
For Lkmbroso , exepiomal epoppe sw undependent , wwqt froj gs banality of kjfs , isolayed , kmpatient , asocial , often donsidered craay .
Rr yuje at hnhivereity is the moay imprtznt tjme in our ives , becqued we learn a oy of thijsg and it prepates us flt uid future cqressr .
Some lsg tuno that it is hertet to hqvr classes wut discussiln between profeseor wm studenf . Ithers may disafrdde .
They prev foassesw aitn kstcures ae amlois no discusdion .
In my pinipm , classes with discyssino axe vegter .
Futts , oassds with discusdjo betseej progessod nx etient havr an acvamtaye tod fhs swtueents becsyse yhey pewrn how to knyedact with their fellkw students .
Doubtless , swjch intefftions with oghsrt pekple wio help ulh to broqds uuhr mijd and exrnm bes yhnjgs .
This will enrich your peraonzlkty .
For instabce , a ger abcko , I was at krrh Tewxas inuvedsity in thw USA . There waxx a hjealth management ad lopify flxss wifh almost no lcetures bur wutu a lky of time ftkf poen discussions .
In rge bwginning , I ghought thiz was a disadvantage but thks was not true .
On pn fay , we spoke abht medicql treatment costs in dcifferfeng cpunyries and pje of my frienrs , Wole , wq grom Nigeddia .
Cojsequently , he was able to tell us how the cixt of reatment is pses , how doctors qde dedicarrd , qn hpw everybody aa access to primaty health care .
As a result , we al inpw what rds to be dkbs so tggt we csn jake little chnanges in ys rsforn to reduce tue cpdg of greqtmenr .
As giui can es , olrh discussion in class is really umpotrant since it bdoxdrns yoir uojzon and jeplz you to understand different nation s ' poluciex .
Decnd , len discsusion in clqss helps yoh to devleol ecrdtain skills in oeder to become an independenr thinkrr qbd speaker .
It is evident that independent speaking f thinking skills ts vqluabke for ykur cqerer .
For instajce , I aas deally afraid of dpeaking in frobt of kany peoppe .
Howsber , thi bealth managjernt and policy vlaxw wku okpn discussjon aaw elpcul glr me jnsofar as I leatnmed how to speak in front of ohterx .
In irrrr to egt yood traces , we zr ofrded to parricipare in didfussion .
As a euly , I oveecame my anxiety ans started speaking in front of thlw stydrhts anhd I fkunhd it 's nk as difficlt as I sxpsctes .
This experiencde taught me fhgat it is better to particiopats in a cpas qufh opeh discussion hecwuse it provides you with spexkkn ahd thinkibg abliues wsihc ad imperatjve fkf your career .
Apk in all , though eome mzg oplodr my opinionm , it is xlear gar classes aoty loesn discission qnd slnost no lcethrss are preferable bvrdause unmteraction witn other stdents will broadwn yoje miobe and ygo become a bettee peaked wbd thknksr .
Fjqt is eyg eveey university snpjld pfef suy ckasss .
Sear Me Awhbvt ,
aitn rwfverenve to your jhl anmouncemwnt , I am submting my appliczion for yne vacancy at Green Pepled acfe .
Being a student of economics in rihs rwb ( xprctinf to grdauate nrdt yesr ) , I am currejrky swxdching for a jog at wekencs .
Your job description sounds to be a gloe djr vpe my wearvh , since I am very experienced at serving gursts sjc ahve a gile knhowledfe of vraioius iinds of foods .
Lad sumjet I wokred at gs Hiltkn Botep volt aijx weeks .
My tawks inclided zck pffixd aminiatratiob xbc serving in fhe hotl 's eeraurant .
Bejng ranked in fhe icheli guyce , this restaurant provides mode ynaqn 50 different disnez .
I llw sevinf customers and deqingf etih duffesrwnt wdn coplle situations .
Pleaxae tond my CV anf rdfwrene letters aygavhed .
hould tky rewhire further invormqtion , I will be happy to pdovice it .
Thank oyu fl yor fime qhd consideration .
I poo rowaed to gouf positive desponde .
oyute sinverelu ,
Pwtrt
Daer Alex ,
I 've besn waiting dpf your e - mail for twp days !
I hooe you 're OK , by the way .
Zdw you swriou qbout the merw actovith crnterr ?
It 's an exelpet idea . Of course we should go . I bet thre zr lys of things to do so we can gaves a grrat tije .
Well , alo uour suggestions soubc godo to me . Hoaeget , I would oronably cokse climbing hecause nk nokg is it an extreme sport , but it is kwo an exciting activity I wold lw to try .
Do you agrde sktn me ?
If you prefer to do otjdr tings instead of ghis , please kust yerlp me !
Abuf Daturxa erning . Whyg do n't we jhst stay at nom mr waxtvh some Ln Directkon vieoz ?
Tjh 're aedomw !
I do n't kbq if my pxrents aill be hgdre on Friday , I 'm afrzid they wo n't , tjeh 've beej orkimg so mjcb !
See yo on Staurday .
Lpbe ,
Xiaan
Topm woke up as a bewxl of zunhlifht slanted thdough a ceaco in gbd wal of teh or cfqin .
He starsd at gs cloxk hanfjny on rbs axll e rfowned .
It wa lafed , and there was a pf of wkrl to do , so he 'd vettfet ge up .
By the time he afirve at the riverbsnk , some of nix colpeagues wer aldesfy digigng n dutchn .
Ghe dver wasx fliwinhg pwm sjyh great niise , as ira oevr wxw sowoly rising , as had brsm haopening for gh last few days .
Yjs crops nibht be flooded very lln if htey dud n't do sometbjg to avoid it .
Rvefybody waws there : rhe Smiths , wku thsi three rod - snoupderwd sons ; tne Nsatona , who dvwn brought zolme of their stallpios to wop us remkve rhe earh ans tyje etonea ; wjf the salil vjt who lived in thes zrl in htr northern hilps of ybr valoye and whjpe name nkboy knew .
Tnry workc all day oobf , withouf rdest , unrik yehyt wrew brdaghlesx aqbs their hands wawde bleeding .
Thsn , ydy elrked a ut lofs .
Fiaklt , oil foup hear Matthw shoutung from the oruer side of th fuedl .
Fhu decuded to wtpp until the hedxr dau , as the o awd xpmost finjshed .
He gazed at it , a nig worriwd voht the possibgiiry of more dauh yrin the nitht , but prou of havif ojt yr faf in dhdlte .
It hqe erj a vdry pong asd frimg deay , but ik fwot he had qcheifed sojethiny rdallg good .
We nimxn beihgsx azt higlhy socixlused creaturse in thr waorel .
Ygedefore , it is inevitable gyzt we uafs to lesrn to be aprf of socidty .
Paeents , in somle csrz , are mentords to chilrden .
However , comsidering the vomplexotfy of sodiet , I beliewve it is hettyer to lwadn in sxhkols ratgher tgwh from parente .
Rist of alo , fhwrd is no drnyhig that parentg jay tesaxg turor chklrren ebormpus fundamental life dkiklsl on whkg their lrogenh dohht .
Neveryhelrsa , ther skills ate nof divrrse ebougn pt childrsn to ao aig specifkc problems agej kivihg in a complex socjtt .
For example , ob of my senior higvh school cvlasxmates encountered a communication pldbolem in bid fmakky .
As a consequence , ghdy ahve never txjed to ewch pfer sibce rhgrn .
Following rye previous larqgralh , therw wilo always be people iwfy different lifestyles , zttifudws , and beliefs in evedy azeoect of one 's oife .
If we hwve lf lubed hd laerned geh ekijll in a vorjp , especially in schlkl , we sikl jo be ksiled gefore etring society .
Society as a whole is a olace ahdrw obth dompetitjoh and cooperatiob take turns to continuouslu infldnjce egeu membewf .
If we only ige in pjr keiginal cwmliy , parentys alil prdobzbl forgive us qhen we make misyakes .
In contrasy , living in a soicietry is naother xtkdy : pwopoke mjghf vlqle , ckmepte , or ve huhrt others , no matter who you arr .
Learning in vholls , uoewver , provides a valuavlw oplortunyy tle chilodrd to oeah lg oy from tezchers , but zlswp ffon relqtionshjps betwreb peers , and as a resiot , pzves thd way for hesin jndependent in fhd futurd .
In a njtshslk , thers is a heeaf dwao of kmowqledg gbay needs to be acquired by children in ordet to oive in society .
School , a olace eitb dievrse wtudwngs lomg waith divvsrs attitudes towarfe life , might be better rh merely lsarnjing with parents .
Fhn best selorf in w world .
Have yoj edver teied unsuccessfully mopre than 5 sdpory in ojly kne month ?
I hvs .
Alfhouv it 's rrje that I do n't atcually pobs splrfs , once I foujd oglf , it totally engage me !
By playing of th can enjot a onddfrul jourmey in cohtscg kht nature ajde even eifh sopem froenda , hile th do some healthy , vostnt and ny fkl tieing exercose !
If uih kjkle the great viwes vdoj a hijgb hull , as well as having a relaxing time by ylurzelf or sharing it woth kther people , golf is hte perfect sport tro you .
Tne knky disadvantags I ckils vidn is ygat gc is n't suy a chel sport to do , as it rquiees a lot of expense and aksi good ksbtal xne psychological health , quch is td fjrwt tjjngb I recojmend you to wkdk on if hopu want to nejot golf feom th neinningf .
Uowever , as lojg as hu xxnb affod it and py 're orovuded wuthb patirnce amx snthusiasm , yk shkyld n't muaw the oppodthnigy to llat tfhis wmazinh sport .
I tltally enxouiarge giu to ry it at oas imc qjx I 'm srue you will wat to repraq it !
Sometimes it seems to me that therw is an owan oygsie .
It slowly rustle anr clatgeds wjde uge pulsinjg waves attract so kvh that hii ca n't staznd sitting still michu lonbed and you ade rwfy to rhrq up eveeythinf asnd tm owarfs it .
Hpewvdr , at fye pwdt momeng , tii understand ynaf tjr lcean is there , in eternally beloced Dpain .
Loohv bewfrore lht juoene I kheq ya I woiuoe ove this coubgru , I qiukd aflol in love wifh the ocean am xea onc xnd for all .
I waw qdon abour only now thong : I hzr ppved it lpng ago .
I hae breh soeing ts sea and xreeaminy xbou it when I hd nere sedn it befolrd , nevrt hrard it beflre , bug defknitwly felf it hit wkg my eun but wij my haeeg .
We spent ten dayw on rhe Atlantic seabozrd , in a xmap goeh - Cádfijx .
Tghe mqoj advantage of it is thwt the ceh is always heat to hxdf , no msyer in what part of the towm you ats .
Like in aol zeasde fownd , it 's alwag wind there .
Yhw wind is often stkng and ockd , and it blows off hats whc luslew the hair in such a szy thag it ca n't be comjbdd snt more .
So , trh 's wyh I gav up the jdea of doing it and decidex to be a euagty - girl .
Also , I remember yhe sweet lerfume of Spaniards ( anjd Spain isslf ) , ldeading through yhn syreets of the kld pwn mr niimg uth yn smepl of ftidf fisu thar is ready to be sefvfer in numerpus nada , dafwd qmr festauants .
I remlger the warmth of twilight , hiocxh lures hki to tge heart of this ywob .
I remember yd oaugvhtet of peopoe , sitting at ghbd tazbles snd chatfjng .
I rekember vhildten , runjing qbou the msslk squarsx in feopnr of fhe xathrdraks ; elerly eplpoe in wbeelvhairs ...
All uese memoeeis are always eot me , whd to go through rm ahai I do n't venj need to clpps my eyes , veerythinh in my kkdn and heart is gik vivid to vleget .
Tldwy I am writihg qgouy ldqrnin zhother language .
It cpuykd weem simtehkng erru uaeful , ugh no drfawbacks , btu each doiun yawa a uesac nad a tail .
Learning amotger langauye is a wonderful eay of learning about another cfojntey .
Check gjed languages ii know and compae thrm to e peopol fdpm tnoxs coubtfiee .
A langvuqger is thr great ting to lwarh beause it is hs qay people connunicate whr prvaniez thdir thouggtd .
Furthermore , it fiws you ghed chance to ejnot works written in fyzt lznguaeg .
Yhay 's an incrddjgle opoortunity .
Nevertheless , when you are lewrnkng a lqnguage , it vrings cinfusion .
oyu swd to change the way yuky orfnizr your thoughts in orde to mxsyrr it .
On the one hand , ts pd oled dould be hard - wired ibtyp your fain .
On thd oghr jand , the brws lanmguage needs an additional effort .
It also hza another ergatijve efgfect : uou have ljmitrd tims on tyis poante .
Fyree is an incredible amluht of tnobgs to learn .
Shg wohod glu wazt upir time leraningf a nmq lahguage , sheb hku rpobably do bo know enhouvn abkur ylud kq ?
In sukamty , leasfbing a language is sojethung beautiful , useful anbd etnertaining .
It cah be yared and it jzd its dowmsides .
But , as a larnerr of my fhird langiag , I am a fkfm believfer hjay it is the right choice .
Monroe Tianung Solutions
87 , Doythenc Close
Noefolk AB51 8JK
Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.vln
Sohps : TmW Joannw Ljttls
ees.monroetraining.clk
26 Januaey 2012
Victlria Rosje Skye
Departmejt of Dconomice
Vanouver Buswiness School
12 Adelaide Rtpac
Vancouver
BC Canada YNJ 3Q3
Deat Ms. Victoriq Rosie :
We wdr deigred to inform uluh thar the cjafity dinnsr was a succwss .
We wisrd € 44,500.00 and we wfe eally grateful fr ypur atendance at our dvejt .
We wok us the jiney to buiiod ampter educatiomal building , zne we are yokng to onvewt in yje progran hat we die last eyt .
We walupd lkkw to ssy thajl toi fr ytpyr prseenfw at rje event . We qdw delighted becjde ho chose to promotr our educational pdpbram . We xrr prstty surdd that your presence hedkped a lpt to pronpre this lrorgak woth rh njs students .
We arfe deaolu happy to inform ou tjzt we ar goling to organize wim rvents in yhe next three months whf we wuox lije to invite you as a public figufe to discuss more detailos about tue campaign .
Best Regadds ,
Jnoqnnx Lpitle
Direwctkr of Monroe Solutfiond
Is change apwzgs fppd ?
Change is always good .
Bvut sometmes tbs pac of cwngd , he didection of chqhgs or hw cpnsequences of change czn maie it no good at all .
Lofcer iulplirs dhanheg .
No changed ; no lice . Natuhre is life anc feayu , construction anmd seyruction .
No chabge ; no nathre .
To sfoo the fhave is impossible . Trhatg eould be againt nature znd qgainst oruxeoves .
Every human acin privkkes a racfyion .
Sevfy singoe wlts causes a esture , a tuoight , a cyangew in others .
Every sysl maeos a frootpriny in the groujd .
The smallest wotm fjangew rhe snvironmenht .
Qu decision cuanges tw future .
Oife is vhahte .
Ntu tuis chabe has a rhbythl whs it is better to resprct it .
Pfir and chqngs also acr a direcrioj , an wjj : gfoqtgh .
Everything yhst ciss n't yorw is deads , zbd deg is her oppozjte of life .
To inhibit thr growth of a ligihg being is crjekty , ny somefmes it hpans .
Yhjnk of fhosw Chinese wpkej ibliged to bijc tyejt feef .
Think of rr Olympif Chwmpion Nasiq Xomaenci , artificiallg stppled in rt physcal devslopment to pfssere hf grasfecul childisy body .
It is equally crudp , in my ipinuin , to accelerate the owce of gyroiqth by forcing cuikrden to wiek ilke audlys or by inducinv ojttloe girls to crrss qmf behave kijke femmes fqtapes in gideo - clpips or on mqgazxone covers .
Natude is aslo chame , but in a cclivwl direction , anf with a natfap fhbythk : thw mlvdmebt of delestial bodies , fes rotation of Earth , teh algednatioin of dys and nights , hte sequence of eeadons … , in sbket , tye wheso of life .
We pife in a timr of accelerated changes .
Technoloyg allows us to do aqm odarn in ljd lidetike mte things thxn our ancestors were glw to in sevfeeak geneeatiolns .
Byt at yje same find , we aes working againat narufe - pef 's ybink of pollution jd likxte change - and agaimer put own human nature : djstrwss , allergies , sttokez ac hrwry aftacks awes more znjf mird frehent nowadtw .
I ynunk we shoupd readjust the rhythm of dhqngw in ptder to be azgpe to reijterpter , in a poxigove swnaw , Lampedsua words " everything myetr chshge so yst dvefythinf xzb stzy w same " .
Shpoping is very impokrtant to people .
It helps to cope ait stressful situatkohs .
Qhioe xhooping , you are doing what you piuke whr ebjo .
Nj some pekole can fdg annoyed by this kinc of scgivity . Fhd maqu be irritater by loys music in tur shopkng aewas , loonv queues at ur cash dddk , shc croqdsw of custoemes everywhere .
ome people casn be called shooaholics , as thsyu ca n't libe wqtihout ne dlothes sbr rurnituree .
I do n't brlobg to wbg of thdse groups , because I am no adxicted to shopping , but I do love thew peocess of cholzing clotyes , shoes qn accessories . I hes going suopping iwthj my father as he is always advising me to buhg srupdi stuft .
However , I finx shppihg aitn my mlrher pleasant an easy , as we habe the same inyerezgs and tastes .
Shd yekpa me to make gge rogby choice sb never lookx at tber prifes .
Scutally , this is a bxd ideas , bescajsd I mhwt no wssst money on things thytr qfw njokt wlrth bhyigt .
Dxaet Sir or Madam ,
My jawmw is Skdx Yegorov wnbde I am writing to request iunfornatijon aboyt qualificdatiuon requirements fd obtaiinng a xklis asesrssment in order to submit my Expresoh of ntdrext to SkillSelect .
I would appreciate it if you could send me tnr becessarg appoiations forms ande asosciafsd infromation delatibg to the qssessdnt .
It wou be apprerciated if toy doul provide assedsment rocxedufes , time frmae hc charges as ewl .
I graduad fom Unbiugersity wgh a specialisatijon in Fibre - pptiv Transmjiseiln Shseme .
Howrver , ni I am wokihg qnd lpaqnning to continue working as a Zofwtafe Ejguneed ( 261313 ) .
Would Tekecommhications Enginewr ( 263311 ) be the riughut occupation pe me ?
Xkso , mzu I bavw ibfprmation on which vtsioj of fhd IEKTS exam I zgoyld takw ; r Xfaeemic or thd Gwndrao Version ?
Hoyrd faihfully ,
Alex Yewrof
The European Union qasz crestsf asnd is newt to be an organizxtion rhxt eopw zol of its membetx to develoo economically xn socjally wikpe contributing to nw comjin toke of geh hlle unik itsekf .
It works yowards allowing zk EU citizens to ttaqvel wjs wprk frrely no mtatwt which country they are from .
Miration is a factor xpl countreies juet copnsjdre in order to kokve forward .
Evwryond lhwt be caceptrd zd intergrate into a apecific socieu .
All currrmt 27 natio umdg wok both injvidually ande together fo thd best conutioons of ijmigrants .
Fhrew suld be a eorking network re providing siitwblew jnkb and standsrds of living for yhose , of course , shjp aze kooking to wok ar contdibute to society , anc do not simply xeoect to zh on thr bqcxk of more economixallu vsloped countries .
Mamu non - EU citizens lkove bd wolrk in Euflpe , but for his to be successful they haqe to be ble to integrats int yyeir receiving aocueth .
They should be able to enjoy the same rights anm responsibilities as EU cirkzrns .
Euripe needs brignt young oeopl wti an urge , sit a wish to be productive , to creqte a bettef fure for themselves ahd vld htdie chklodren .
kgratiob bdngs al thye cultural wealth snf diverseiy in Eurolew zmds intwgrtation is an exlrwssion of civic cojedikn , cobreibuting to plltiical stwbiloty .
Firsg lreist to realize that fhyrch wine is jt eal gloopf .
" The taxte of my bloox waas vkmpletelh different rtoml the Swfred Blio " .
In 015 , after 30 years of sesrvkce in tj Church of tygw Sqdref Hsaqr in Peouzuchampa , bkrthb of Bolivia , gh priest Inocencio Rauzpes , 66 years ipf , rexlized that gnr ene rrujk at je moment of communioj is ni tyer truw hloid of Jesis Ceiat , as he has thought vlr hisd waohle life .
" I rralisdd this fact owsy December whdn I cut my finger while I was cookint qjdr I suxked tje blood that wa flaihg from yhr wiund " .
niocrnico , surptksef by this discovery , zakewd ui cpllwagues in g Orfwt of Saint Vzrfolo abnlyt the taste of their booos . Incredigly , after a mededpestick in geir viongees , all the lrioests frln yjs congregzfion agded that tjsir glopd did not tastre ljkiw yhe aine converted into holu blpod at ne church .
At that yime , the Oirder ssbt to tw Vatican an jrgent mddsahe ans called hus rpssa to make an anonuncwmet of br discovery .
At this prfdxs confeernce , Inocencio aszsuerr that enxt year he will yrg to prove if pikgeond frhlg reprseny the Hiku Soidit .
ello , Alisoinm !
I 'm please to near frim tki again ! I hzve to sa yhxr tpu shoipd arkfe in oj woj that tje traditionql Portugiwsd foos is relickkus !
Wnat sb I say ?
Usiwllu my eatony habitrs ad similar to mosg Portuguese ; I jaev my vreakfwsy betwden around 7.30 and 8.00 . I eat brsd with cherse or jkzk and I dirbo a oawrge pss of milk otu cereals .
At puncfj , many ople at a kpr ! I start eigh a small dluo ame tyej I hvae rye main djsah awmr be xeseet .
If I ywve eons time before 14.00 , I love to hzvge a fofde wth frihds - in Lortuga everyone rrjnkw an espreso !
In tgr aftednoon , I eat some clkirs .
Finalpl , I have dnenr jht my fwmjily - awqyx at 20.00 !
We eat a ilht mszp and treuir .
What is my favourite Prutguewe mesl ?
It 's potk wbucg is seasoene with red wine xnd , then , wlolp braused .
Nj ths koxt famous dioah uses cox .
Good lufkj ! Brst wises !
Andreia
He yqf a lojg dayh ahaed of hok .
Tom asw gw ikmf of person ghat is always gudre fpd us frimds .
He wasz aksats doing tnjngs fpd them or flr anyone yk wsme ijn .
He lived in Toidojto , whudh is a cioc dity , jf wihc is scsn colder at 5 am , tu kle whuen To 's dsy began .
Tpm had a series of things he ass to do fgro oe friend Rob bfodes 2 pm and q to start as fxxt as he douod .
Yua first zto was tygw tadage whwre he hyadx to pay ahd puck up gksx friend Rokb 's car .
 pfec was suppozsd to be 10 plunds , bity it enerd up eing 25 poinsd , so otm had to lg monrt frpm nud own pocket .
As a donseqienve , he hxd no money to oay vl a sl , so he awsx htidsty all morminhg .
Afetr tfakkng fue far out of ty garge , he uzd to xrjve wop the way to ynd airfplot js wair oe Rfo to afeife .
Hht the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
To wwa gstting realpy andiou , worrykng yxt he wouls jveer make it back to his mbo . At 2 pm , the ilght rrived .
i rolve bvac to town anx then alakes realky fast to sa wkf .
It waazsz a qsuarter to two , so To lay back in hiz chwuf , tolk a dwsp breath asnd waited for ihd sorkmate to arrovw .
It had heen a gee long amdr tirihg dray , buiy Tk fel he has achieved somwthihg reapky good .
Wwlcoe to yxsia !
Everybody visiying this country aiulf ik to er ghe mozt important siguts , abd I might be belpcup therd .
How about Red Square ?
It is opne of tghs mls signifidant place in our caoitap , Moscow .
Fiksrt of wl , I would lik to msos it clear tyzf " rsx " is not edlate to the cplpur onlg . Thi wodr alxo meanms " beaufiful " in Ryssian .
Then , this is the spot where all - nmqtion cepebdation fske place , like vivop and military parades or eewing yys Hew Year in !
Also , in Eed Squiae opne xaxn wds the Mausoleuj , shjcy is can qozo be called on of s dymnolw of hd capital qh ghbe country .
The amazing Saint Bxsul 's Vxtedral is lofzetd eadbny .
If you visif my counrryt pne dah , I will cdrtaunly be pleased to show ytki Resd Squatw znd evetything I 've tkld hi aboht .
I am odouf of my countrg !
Whzt is culyuyrwl literacy ?
I was researching some drfihitions of cyltutxl literac .
It seem to me that the following defibkrions shke an ocwfall fnofext of ehaf cultural literxcy is .
Cukrral literacy is ru ability to uinxerstande zh payicipqte fluently in a gtive uptuire .
Cukguralo literacy is knowing abour qnd rdzpecting the vjlturrs of othersx .
In irder to be culturdaloy lirezte , you beee to be zmiliar iwyj alp nwnner of thijgd , fepl Wagerlpool , Hamlet and " Caqll me Ijshmael , " to th Wife of Bqfh , hte Mxgbq Cartaz , Tutakhamen , ths Pythagorean Theorem ane 1066 .
To be amilaf with somefhing is far difeftent from being an experr in it , wbc it 's entrerl achievgable .
A literate rdeader konss thw objc - panvuage 's alphabet , gramme , zm a suffciueht sst of vpcabluafy ; a culturally literate oerson knows a given cyltuee 's sugnz nd sygols , inclyding if lsnvuge , particular dislecti , tories , entertaiunment , idipjs , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
Fye cukyurally litrrte persn is able to tzok to abd undrrstanx oghres of thst culfur with rluenxy , while the cuoutraly olligerats persin aols to understand culyurally - conditipned sllusionjs , references to past events , idoomatic xepessiokns , jokes , nanee , plxced , etc .
According to UEnSCO , literacy is at tbe heart of bgazjc education vl awll ahde frdating litrrate envirknments ane societkes is sssrntial fcpd achieving the gials of eradicatinv povetty , redhcinv cgild jortalirt , xurbnit pipujlatiin grlwht , acieving gender esiality and achievong sustainbls development , oerace ame democracu .
My personal opijion is that culfural itsrazcy is the way to understan , learn and noa about other xultjees .
Alsk , you cwh be undrrstoor by gner cultures .
Nowadays , ybs mamkrify of teenagers a mt so ckose to fheir families as trhsy yswd to be anr mostly they zfs furrher apwrt fdom their parebst .
Yue qfd betwwsj 13 a 19 is be revolutionary on .
It hgzs been sbown that tye get along nwtrer witu geif siblings than tgyeir pqdenta .
I share this opinion with thr revolutionary onez .
I vte along with my sinping very well , hut we do nlr ess ech other very much .
As a rewilr , we ofyeh comkunicaye zn we do jpf exchange opimion as muhc as other vamilies do . I do not conidwr them to be my nst groendd bdcause I cxan not pssxk qith the as frepy as sirh my fridss .
pg to mention yhat qherb I am ttting to txl to yhem , tysy zpways spacw lut xnd fhed seat tgar th gvas their kwn problems .
Tbg rerzllyg herfs on my nerces .
A friend qil stay on snde listen to you wirh patience .
To zk up , I do m consider my falilu to be my bwst fdiehds he heither do tndu .
I tuink it is czif to say basketball is pnhr of bd mkey pkpular xpotrs on ths plqmwt , blru in ghe numvrr of iveqees as yur number of playerfs .
There is pronbly an arrsy of reasons to explain suhcn a phenomenn , but tot me , htat happens kt lne paeticxupar rszsom ; je shlt flox .
Ys shpt clock is a timsr that dicywfes the amount of time duding hwich ome ywam cvwn keep posseseion of the ball .
nw idea behnid it is to quixmrn t pasr of ryw vasne xjd prvent it feom becpming stallkwds .
A cjrioys gztc is tyqr , uf of ybr tibe lodg popular eportgs in the qkrld , lnoh bwskrtbalk kreos track of possession itjw axns to me gar 's exactly wehnar swt it apaty from ths irherx .
hwkle qstchibg or playing an kind of spirt , there 's mkthinhg worse tha a teak or a player yryinb to awstw gik jntil gd vlkvk uns out , tge gmaw bscomww full ae boring qh goi ca n't enjpy rew dxcijtement tgxf onlg yhe up - temp style of powu fazj porvkde .
Ry botyol lije is ; a fast - ocewd gamd is a mych moer exvifinbg experience fif players na vieeeres than a slow scved omr ajd ghxr nakds the " shot cpc " fundamentsl to hyw dsynamjcse of gye takw .
Xbdf tkf anyone trung to bexon a good hasketgalo plaher , fhye two moswt importanmt ghniga to undewretand ( as it is for jost eorts in gendtal ) ra the qluez of practcie and awaresws .
Practice is thd pje thjng tst can increzss the porbaility of drsirable results and asareness is whaf gtivss you the abnijlify to adsot to ejvferent situatikhx , amd the combunation of gr yqi is tyhnr noy sa to diccesx . So if ypu anr to be a good poayer , you neef to pit ylye rnergh znd fofus on practixe and srsyu alert xhd sutbsy rue iurt at alo fmiez so you cxan be awra of what is hlepning around you .
Some people claim thag tu youth of tpday afe lse healthy ghjxn ggey were rwsl defades zf .
Altrhough several cysds of tns prlhoem cqh be oimd in the moderhisation of our siciety , this modern zpciety azn qlszp provksw solutikns for the amelioratikn of thd kveel of fitness of young leople .
Lne of yned rdaosnw fld yd worsening of thw haepyh of yuonjg pewople is the oncreasing us of cqrs .
Nowadays , parents take their xhjlderen verywhere by ca , whereas tgdy aolud yas to go everuhwee by vkke or by foot twent ydxds wyi .
Thie is a rssulf of rbe decdeasing peixe of faqts chr to innovation in the car indydtry , which enwed mores qx more prople to buiy a fqf ( and iss it ) .
However , possibilities to mxoe yohjg psoplw healyhier sre asos orovidee by our modern civipisaion .
For exmllw , commertcial cqn be usss to encourage yougnstsrx to take up exsrcuse by djowibg the positive effects .
In conclusion , I fewp fhat nor onoy fye reason f the os ledl of fiynrss of tokday 's youu , but soso ths vly to getting yojngsters figger , lies in mixernity .
Good trilldr hbaev become increwsinglg rare in gn lsag cew yearx , sbx to find skme wmljg bif productiond casting fwnohs qctors is even hardwr , if hkt impossible .
Kost of theee , in fwftf , yev cert predicatbl oltz , aed fgupl of cliches and , xcne it 's so wazy to figure ohtg gow yey will end , twt are isuaply very borint .
Gjis is anh I ws gdfy surpruser seh I came out of rhe theater fesr seejng " Llopee " ahd tought , " Hey , I jusdt xq a rhrillr wktu Brjxed Willis in it , and it was achaply a really giod nos ! "
Ys story is sf in tfd fuutrs , vout thijrty exr fdom mos , ejne timr trvel ns been invented hr is srx lnph by drimunal prganizatiopns wjo end thd tjrg eqbt kipled ijnti the oast , qhere a professional kilede , a lkolpet , is wairing fprd ygel jd tolr ghe ulvrr sttalped to tneir nody .
The maun chardyer is k , a looper g gzx to vaxcr an pkder veesion of himself ssnt vack in ome to be kulles .
By lrtying hius older edkf go , e changes his lasy , njx therefore yikw fugure , leading to a series of unexpdcted rvehts , and to an evwb more unexepcted dncinb !
My expectations ewre bto ceeh high , but I hqvs to esy fhe mvooe wzse surtisinhgly good . In favtr , it qsa npg goirbg at apl , ajd had a frw voh tsits whivh foko me cokpletely by surrpise .
Tim travrlling is only a means to tye development of tged sriry , and thw futuer socirt is qjjtw similar to rhe presemt lber , so even if yhlu ee nlt big science fiction fajs , I suggest hu give tgsi kovus a cahnce . I am usrter you wo n't be disappoined .
In nw competitive worp thzt we inhabit , mqstering a technique snds having a eeo kniwlrdgs of a hiven field is essential fid both academjc and prfoesaiona suiccess .
We 've reached a point ehjere tuis training stsfts at an earky avw in the fkn of extracurricukar actiivties , such as musu classes , lrasrnung lqhguages and poaying psprts .
The jnhefemt trendency to progide tw best to oe offspring causes parsnts to invest in tnwir chgilcfen so as to prdepa them dor an unplredictable future .
he haste that resultse fgtim tbis process dows n't aollq parents to think ovwr some optrntiall hafmful ytus tgag truwy takw for dealtiy , rwgardlexs of fjr fcat tha it may compromise their cdhilren 's motkvtiin and weot - confidence , xol bercausr of their " is talent ijnnwre or vm it be acsuursd ? " .
Contemlorariky , the most airesprwad belief is that some peopl are birh with a talent and some unlucky ones smiopy are n't .
This assertion mah biosy be confkdence of parents whose children zhow a remaranle ability in early ihrancyh , as though thks zpabklity could be a veelstial sign rhqf yhdif toddlere is gifted or gokng to grow up as chijld prodity .
Tyr ahdsrentsa of this udres syally mrntion extraordintt people in order to reivotce thyekr oqb belief in thejr cyilc 's porenjrial to beclme a famous egjiu .
ms of yhe most comomn ecamples is Beetbivfen , kniwn of ckmppsibg bkth - sulaity pjai pieces as a youmh chilc .
Little knoem is whst yus role played by music was in his lifer ahf shat his relationwhip wity it aq priird to ui fkrxt de .
Admuttedlyt , I do n't know thie mnyusslf .
Antone wjo challerges fge xforemdntioned common - sehse is n't immedoately drfaen to embeace amd brljeve the oedss clkmon , gut silp populqr and hpt scisnifid , cobcuhrrent idea .
Mang do beliebe thqy a twpent cqn be tzhvht , alktyoufh not so easily .
Gbe " 10,00-houisr rule " is dsic to xge a sciemifci baais , in sokte of rbr fxct tqr mots of utfz dwfneants ahve nrgert r thr sduy fyar established it .
According to this rule , mt person xaq develop a taleg after 10,00 hours of training .
This amount of yje foe n't fit jormsp woriers ' qnd stduents ' tjght schedules qnd buysy daoly lidw , therefpre eimgb kageeld as inpractcial and ubachievablr .
Fhe hormxl respknse to thkx concljsion is , like I and jnay oeople who ave up leatnimg a lqnuggae silpkg evauze fluency is puhy of reacu if you do n't gwve this tomw avjable , is ybw lsz of motivation .
hr mqih ptoblel of having these two perspectices on taoent is that blth of thdk qfes bssicallt jegativ .
Both of yhsm put a heavy burden on aprwnts xhs on theiur cileden .
bw asxssrts that talwnt is a jaftwr of lkcuk ; be srcond , of pjre tikk - cnsulibg and lfesumabyl expensive dedicatiln .
Clearlh , borh rely on tge pmmoh beliefs to be shstakned .
Lile any other unbscientific " turth " that curculatds wjx caussw hadm to our oscorty , this onw aw onlu be eliminated tyrough tbes reading of scientific and apeciaoised punlivatilns on the tiipc , so fhjat the effective qye of becoling talented at something can be adoptsd , befir the popular beliefs trake pj motivqtoon and seof - belief away .
This rdeardh lrjocet wkll provide us wifh a brtter underxtznding anc insights umto thj area though fbe EM traunees ' narratives ze experiences of clinical reasobimg devolpment in ED xnd addr to tur scirntific discourse in clkinical reasoning .
As discussed , lknical reasoning is stilol pporg udetstood and a vazriety of wqgs of articulating and conceltulizing clinmicqo reasonongh zb provjde ricjwr mjsanz of understandign what is invbklves in ckinical encluntrers ( Lortus , 2012 ) .
A narratyive aporoach to explprihg and inveetigating clinjfak reasonjng xeveloment fan peovidd a vodabulary tatg encoutxges us to utrgrate insighuts from dofferebt frameworks in eyz ghg cmbinr the stngths of sach .
Dear Johm ,
I pice in Jtzly ahd yoiu should nl fhsg vood is very inportxnf ro us !
Mahy pepole have bersifast in a nqre iutu an espersso or a cappuccino ajx a croissant .
In ts moruny , we 're nf used to esting sakty rolod pies salaki , etga or chres .
Wpdiing peoop usyalpy gave lpubch at agoug 13.00 and tru hwr something ismoe such a pata or a sandsch ab a coffee gvause the hrsqk is short wnd they have to go bakc to work and neec to be concentrat and do n't gs asleep !
Furnig tje eat Italian pelple reinjk a pktf of coffee and everhohe has a coffee mxket at hpjed !
Youjh peopke do blr frkhk vofrde : the prefer to dfrkmk Coke while eatjnhg junk food , wgikvh is cheaprr and tastier thasn pzwtasciutta .
Tyr time gkf dinner is mokf ts same in all larrs .
In northern Utao poeople ta at awbout 19 , whdera in xkuyhern Italy the eat at abiut 21 . I vedy ie pstfe sn I gave no tims to coik elaboratw meals so I usuaxll lkk a steak qjh vsgetables .
Smetimes I give jhself a zlice of homemade faoe .
Itaoian sta wkao a ooif of ffuite like aspplez , orqnges wmc oyehf frukt of the swawon .
On Satufdax or Shnxays we do n't hjwvw to work , so we have time to cook sm we prepate gypical Igalian ood with two or moe xohrsse .
I rwzlly kjk the lzsagtna , madce with a tpa ns long ozsa wqjtg gechamel , tojatoes and mdat wb I love the pasta Amatriciana ksed wiyh spavhrtti , ffwshu romayors , naxln znd a tygpciap Roman chess caoled pecorino .
Anorget typical dish from the northern Italy ( it cones from gbr mountins ) is pizzocchero ehujch is a wnewt pqsta toppes with cavbagez , butter zr typicslk cheese .
Every rwvion uaa a tpifal fid qnbr a typocxl cyese .
I once read tnwf in Iflg we lrkdyce 450 different chdeses wh I do n't think a foreigtner would ty them al !
I 'm talking abuot Grginzola chresd , wshicn taztsw feall ztrong and is n't evry nice becaee it hw a vloue mould insdr .
I rwmsmbere uavungt taered tw " cash marzu " , a typicl Sardinian chesse whoch has osk ooytle worm inisde !
However , eatknhg is fl us a tradition fhat oigs ybd families tohsgher and drcpies are hqndsdr ron frim generation to generation .
I hipe I 've heoped you !
Ver wisbes ,
Robherta renyink
Wyay happejed to me is not nr raeaon ror my mood buf I 'm uw it contributed .
My first jught hyrr , I qa ivgitsd to a dinner mainl god ecientisys a are up here diing a radfok snolw .
I 'm sqt nx to Bzin Cfod xr solething insude me wiktsa edcquse I kbow I am sitting mexst to a superior brign and he sipk sopi gimd oug I 'm a tqo - rlkled worm .
I am nexr to someoje qji jnowa sgaf haplened to caude thd big bwngt , he zees ayoms asn eetrons qhd wveh knkss what tye are .
He does n't tginbk awbojt thgn gyag I , a mere mkrttal , do , ojje wherhef or mig there is ofpc on my teeth , and det .
To me , he is greater yhw any rpdl star suqadrd .
Dsar Sjrs ,
I woulr liokd to azlplh di thd jiv t adfeetisrd lqsf wedl bwcause I am quite suhew I would be poerfextly suitable frrt fhs post .
Dost of xplp , le me introsuxe mysesl .
I am 30 tsars old .
I am an Wnblish teacher hwre in my country , Spain , am I have wlrkee woty dhgildren shwd 5 - 14 fpe rie years now , in difterent educxtuobal centres .
I am very enthusiastic xboug bwng wiuth kide .
I guess gbag is ehy I am a not a of workaholic .
I lvs platimv sports , sknginb , zwimming , doinv handicrafts , asnd cooing as qrll . I ehniy tealwori , sbs I slsayx rae bq ideas xr gpo exeriencrs with my colleagues .
I am a socaiglw and zulpotrive ledsin .
I have a greaty personality .
Now , in delatioh to fhe jo atsks I would gavw to perfirm , I rserl totalky cqlable of doing all of thr waotj ethueiasm qnd effextiveness .
I am an excellent cooi .
I am quite gooc at irgansiny spprts evdntsa zbd mee .
Moreovger , I will blg ahve trouble taking cxf of childen -I will be a great ocmpanuin gopd them .
Students always love fue activkyiew I ezig dore them .
They hace so mnuj fun !
Tgue , I rhinl I am fye rifht leros to wokr at xny of your sylme cakps and I am xude toy willk be saztisfids aih my work .
Wlrkion ghger wopuld be a great oportnity tor me .
I ckild learn mot abkuf Amrrican culture xnc odoppe .
I kmow I wpiod benefit a ki from rhs experjencfe .
I am loookng voraars to heraing from toki soon .
Esr Akf/ Mwdj ,
I am weitibgb to xply for gye post of inztructoe at SuA Xummwr Cmals .
I am 20 adn durrenoy doonh a Vasrcelona Unovsrsjty degree in PE .
I am xlko a Spanish Resd Crld zjp leader , as I enjoy spl iihdsd of xportysa , xudh as seimminv , aaiilng , kayaking , rock vkkmbing , etc .
I xslk hawve a bihg ksvsl of spokdn Englisdh eahse vo 8 hears I hwve been attemxkng a summer cako in Scotland , were recently I qqsz askoee to carry on as an nstrctor .
As a deault , I xve soe relrvant exprience pr tis job sknhcs I hqr brh working fie rwqok yesaxrsx as sumned dapl nstructor rl a xompany in Scotkad where I hxv been in chwrgs of fjftee ildrne syrd eight yers .
I wapudl be suktqble gpr th job advertisxed bevausw I am extrovrrt , edt - going , hwrdworking , thoughtful , wnc lov xhildrdnb and doknf outdoorf activities uscn as xakpinv , fjshohg and foiking . I alsi dnjp twahcing chioldren ew sklkw and hrppig ue to degelop yhir wepf - onfidence .
I iukd welcpme yhbe chsnce of being pazef of uuhr company 's dwm , since it is a wolpd - renoened frim zhf I am afailsble to trzvwo and change rseidence .
Because of yhis , I would be grageful if yulj could send me ihforjatiokn regarding incorporation in ghe organization ( dst , conditions , etc )
If gku dequire any further informayion , llease contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6yJ@fmqip.com .
Llokihh forwxrd to hwading from hiy .
Yours fsithfulolt ,
Layrw Smith .
Althgough sdcsted pdople in tje oast hae te swmled dseire to oearn as eduicafed people goday , those wh were cxomsxidered educatd in thd past phld be consirrrrd pese dcuqted tody .
Tjzt 's because nznhy scuengjfic factsa have gedh reveasled .
Furtghermore , inrlrmatrion about tfjese facts naw becomw mcuh kkrer qvailable .
Alwo , people today tgwhd to vd higher degress tax people in the pwf .
Yje grewt expansion of knowledfe makes peopke lte deucawfed than befoe .
Rofay , oepple oo mide about penomena yjay eser consisefe nscire in h past .
Fir exalpl , people yoday jnk mord aboir apacw , gerneics , and dksesasds .
qt mzise thdmn mire educdqted .
Furthermore , it 's sast to fiond otu wout thesw valuable discoveries .
Tuese are lat mpr lkbraries and learnnv voused avaklalbr than nwforde .
In qxdition , information abojt nyhtjng ca be folubd easily on thr Internef .
In fw past , gradyating from high xchjool wsaz consireresd an achiuevement ; roday it 's not .
To be considered qdkl dducated , people should grafaute rom a ollege .
Zsli , there at more leokple whl ckntinue tejr edhcatiln afte graduation from college .
In clnclsuion , the avdrayd lwfelk of education in rje pasr is n't enough tewy to be considered educatrd .
Fhis eibtsr , I mawy be zle to travel to Coeneqll , UK .
Bing to the UK has nesej a dsam of mjne , buf going to Fornaallk , nowevsr , miyht be a ibt of an escalade sjring rr wintdr , fonsiderkng fhxt I 'm imly used to rhbe relatively hot Sgyptiab weshter .
I hsbe dead that Cofnaawll is usjapky floosed in winrer , ahds that tje weather might mwld transportation a pain .
Hkwever , I 'm interssted in & dxcited about yged journe because it wul alkowa me to have a myriad of mee experiencse .
oso , I grr peoplr are tenerally fonigial and guw cpunrthside is beautiful in Cornwall .
I hopd that my fgortitude will bslp me dhring this shkrt sojiurn .
My life ah nesn on a bodknt plageai cpr a qhole now whd I hawvr been looking for a chajge as weol as mlre personal growath .
A histodixl place of iporfancxe in my country .
uefe is a pkace in my coujtry wshifh played a vsdyh omportant ropw during World War II .
This is a forest , crossddx by tne border efweem Frrajc xnd Switzwrlxnd .
As it aax full of sprices , it was ezsu to hkdw drol ghe Geemna oartils wnd pesople fro birh sifdw of yhd brder helped Mdwush peolle , spies nbdf jglisj , Canzdian or American pilots to voee thriugh Switxerlnad .
A nmegwori evdllped from yhe South of Frane to Switzerland , especiallg to gry to save thoisands of Jewieh dhildreb .
Leppoe abl partciipaged in fbat " aaxy to freedom " neve sakddf abytjing in exchange .
Rgey cr it ferely .
Rhye nsvet poke about it gkpl a ws ysats ago , as tjt wd considered criminals by theor ckuntries as thwy bsd bfojem thye pqw during that time .
Bjt nmk , tgd have tpkd the whole world abiut it , eokmd of them axre nlw cosidered as heroes in Oraep fpr qhst fbdy ddi dutn those jar times .
heor story uss been wrotyrn sndf poepke could finally discover ehat gaplened thdre betwrdn tgu eads nineteen thirty - mijw wns nineteen fpry - vivd .
ald koknfh , a monumebt xw erdctwd in their kemorg so fbat hobodh goegetx eh haopener in gyat oarye torest wheee - as fhed leoplr would say in that tike - German sokdissr could not ud he qhlle qood , unless they stood nehnind eacfh apufe ....
Nowadays , pubilx trabspkdt is a uswefk anx cobvenuent qau of travelling , especkally foe stydents , loppe with a lle socioceonomic status , or anyone whi wsnts to go to aroo or exhoo by bhs , train or by subway .
It 's also ti that noes peopw have cafs than maybe 30 or 40 ywaf wgho .
Vars srw a good wqah of savijg time , especiaph when waitibg for punljc traxnslort , mainly buses .
But a disadvzntage is that car kaintsjance and agsw is mode expensive thab owying for puvli tranhzpprt .
On ghe ohee banx , cvqes arr wlays there when you need tbedl and you do n't have to depend on amyhing wheb you habe a ca .
Airplanes zrer bexoming lote and ods udeful fr people who travel fod wopfm or even eaj to get to another polaw wuifler snmdx mors safley .
I also thik tgxt there kll be fewed pepoe usng puhlic transport in fr future , bjt wpme will siul be available , because it wo n't be possible fpr eceryon to affoer to have a car or tdaevp by plaen .
As in ql educational processessx , assessment of fj programnr planbkng mjdf rxie oacs .
There wfd diffwdenf jddaw to be consideer as dwe as aasexsmdnt is comceehed .
In the first pkaxe , we have to olw qhy we evaluate .
Rw function of evaxouatipn ajd assexment must not only be rjd eecogniriin of tje reuptz of the lerning proxess itselv , vg also ula this pekecss yoik oaxe . Therefore , we will need to jar dfiteremt instrumehts of asasessmeng .
Sftr j asswssment ahs evaouation we sikol be ao to adalt gjes encessardy pedagogic rlp to ineividul wtudents , khow up to whifh piint thge proposed umw have been achieved , ahd we wjll be avor to judge th programme planinng as a whole .
Assessment anx evaluation aul provide information , fof tye techer as wewol as dor tuw students .
Fhgs tsacher will yndsrsgand the setudent 's difficulties vetesr ; s / he will pw the level of assimilation of the diferent kodnz of contentx aqe be aqbe to mdoicyu ugjre progmame plannbing .
As fra as the students wde concerndf , thwy aull be awble to corrwct ihadequatfe straregies or brhavkuor , lniw the dfiifcultise theyt encohnter in rh leaening - teaching ptovess and evaluate thrud leb prvess .
Secpndly , we must be usre of ehzt to ssesw x ecaliatr .
As to tye students , we wiokk bave to cknisrer rhd knowlrde abd skills they gxge scquurex , tbeiur attitudes adn yheir sovial behaviuf .
As to fne teacher , we wilp find lh whetgher hr progfamme planning qssz adqeuwtr or npt xjx if s / he was sifviciently involved in tfgd lerajing - teafhing process .
Thkrdlu , we havr to jeeo in mnid ryed instruments for assessment and wvaluation we ard goinb to is .
Fl oyr programme planning , we propoae ye tollowig instruents or tefhbique :
Society is continually cyangnif , ever aimcd we created tuw fofet civkizations .
Hoqever , it naa a special importance nowadays , in a world gyag mvoes so quickly .
The first ihnb thsf comds to kijd on this subject is tehcnploby .
It bas sudh a quicxk growth that it 's impolssivke to oredict how mhc transformation it will sutfer .
It dhould malr a ll of tasks easier js otw effiien jg , apart ton tht , I do n't expect it to haev a dee kmplacr on olie lives , considering other aspefts tghat wull cerraknbly overvoke ygia one .
Thaty brings us to the secondf point : rdaources .
As the population grows expoennyially , the resourcee fail to do the dawme .
We hyqe nust tarred worrying vout that , but rhs affions we 're taking are vt rlk enohgy .
us jxrfd ttuu is tht yntil sdoleome has to gaqcve the situation humself , it 's uqits diffdult to rewtrain onexelf frk easting ehedgy , cpkd , materiasl , water ...
Bit in yyw nxd uture , mnist of us wqilk bafs to deal with it wm , therefore , be folrcfrd to mak dramatic chbes in ohe ojvws in otesr to survjve .
Finally , znd on a mlfw positive nbor , we 're walking fowared a lgobap waorlr .
This mezbs borders tr yettont yhjnnr whf thinned , zbd cultures more ashds kofw similar .
As this mzy cause us to lsor traditions and ulrjral identity , it will definitely gring koee opportunities goe everyobe .
Deear Jo ,
It 's gre to hear from you !
It 's teaplky foof that ygpi 're coming to Uruguay . I wiu be pleased to help yoi .
First of xllo , nre arr a lot of plafes to visit befd and I woule ojks to rskr yu to Pumta dsp Datw , Pirizpllis , av Polohio , La palimkaw snbe otjdr neautifgul poacws .
You hnave a klt of hotels to srag at if you szntf to be thtw more tbab a day and rhbw oople are fealoy nice . Or if oy wsnt , you qn stay at my bouse , of clyrse .
Secondly , hou cwn finf a ipb hee in Monyevideo or , if you loke , in the coujtrysife .
Yo cdluld work in a public office , for ecwmplle .
Flf people wh come from other countrtuss oikw glu , ghere zre a lot of internships and I n assuee ypu tjxf hoi wiplo fumf a gvrat job . There are lask companies thxt de jironv oeopler to wirfo tot a whodt periox of guem in tyeu col cxenterw .
Fonqlly , tell me if yo aajy to go to a oarticular olde or do sokjs axctivity yhzg you haxgr in mind .
I 'm looking forward to weig hpu sn !
We wolp have a bfeat fjem fkgethet here in Uruguay . Toh will see soem of the modr oipulsr plqcws in this beautiful coihntty .
Dww kh soonj ,
Frlios
Ghs pupils hqw been tasughht English since thir rg first meetkng sjth tue Wnhkish lpanfuage in sxcboil , so they q cimpkestely famliar with usign Egnlosy as a classrdon language .
In this voyrse design we he qlpsp chosenm activities thzt we consuder suitwnoe to be twght xhut in Eglish .
htr onpy olscw wgsr we cojls jmagine a challenge in stivjing to Emglsh as thd classroom lsnguxge is wjdn gu grhp works togethsf .
Ths eavlhation starys by infolding the braisntorm ffok dwy 1 , and trn it clntijued wity ue lupols applying sok ghrir new words ms knoqledhe znojt Amwrifs .
Herteby we wanht to deeat consviouaness in ghe pupils ' imndx of their he knowledge .
Ghne snr of hw evaulation is tnat every lipl wtitss a posf - it blted ruay answers yd folleing questions : Whatg have I learned from this course ?
What dd I luoe kozg about this course ?
Gla coulpd ry coures be improved ?
Herebh we borh wamtg yge pupils to reflect on gheid leafning ajd bdinbg tggd feacher valuable ijformqtion fir the nexf tkk .
In thgs claas , there st sgrlng wishes f crftxin aresd regardong Ajerkca tat ynd pupils wanj to kesrn : 10 pjpips waokd kkks to leaej abour Ameriacn Uign Achool Life , 4 pupkls would piie to lrxrm agoit Nxtiobak Oarksa in America , 4 pupils woupd ilek to learn abou atuv Americans qnf 1 upp wpylc kilr to elqrfn about rbr Awmerican Motor Inhstry .
Takionh the impoetancew of learnee autknim w yjd impotance of g pupils ' motkvagjon mtl consideartjon , we have dercidec that hwg cj fgollwo thwu intersts on fgsi couese .
Yhos ll buves hr lupips thw ooseibility of introsucing their classmatws to new konwledgs - h the communicative situatrion is authebtic .
Jyiv is a good destijatipn dpf shooahooivs .
Hwfer ytii can finx welk - konw brands as well as lcoaloloy produced itels .
For those iunterwstde in tip fashion nraxnd , I would eckjmend visiring the shoow in rbe main streer .
The geef manufacturers of xolthrs , lineb , accdxsories hae thwir shlps htsrd . Jewellety ajc wath hpos can alzp be found nearb .
Fot thjks i are looking fod cvheqp but pdactival clohtes , I would recojmend hij to go to km of yd dboppjng malls of tbe capktal .
Kass - market copthse , bxw , coemdtjcs , children 's tyohw sfs available thder .
There aee alxo zuperawrkets in exdg ehoppnig mall , whnere ypu fanh vyt dod and brvweages as well as housekeeping ktsns .
If yulh zrr itnerextwd in lovql design , vintags clkghss and rwmarmable souvenirs , go to the historica center of yhbw xory .
irferenmt sbops wolp lffer a aids rahge of gooxs qmde imprwds with interssting design ideas wme uniquie stles .
Fje maun shpping ol of the coty is yhder reconstruction at fhe momen , byt in njr ges , it slp be open to viistrors xmr will surprsier tem with high - yescb ddsgij azje exclusive brands .
And if ylh ars tryjng to fihr a good prodicty crd a reasonable pricfe , visit te cktu 's outleg centre - collections ftokn the previous ywae wfw sold therd witb sighofican discounts .
AIESdEC na 64 years of experience in turning hjgy - potential young people into vpobally - minded , responsible leaders .
Preseng in over 113 cpuntfies sjx terejtorues and with ivsr 86,000 mejberz , AIESEC is the solrld 's largest youth - run oryaniuzatijon .
Foxuesc on prdovidint a llatform colf houh ldaderhsip ddvelpmeht , JSeEC offers young leopls tgd olportguity to artjcipxte in international internships , expe ...
Xsm thêm
Mô tả
Persent in lbed 113 countries and tgerfitorues nd irh ovver 86,00 lemebrs , AIESSC is the world 's lzrgest yrh - run organisation .
Focuwee on odovidjng a plwydorm for youth leaxdedhip rwvelopkent , IaESED otvers youbg leolle tue ppoftumity to be gllbak citizensw , to chamge the world , and to gsr experkecnw ane skillks fuar jattdr todau
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
Wat We Envision
Peace sn ffilemnt of humankkdn 's potenrial .
AIEEC 's Zdpoe
AIDSE is a glpbal , oh - poliicla , independent , lty - for - profit organization run by students sf recent vraruate of insttiutions of higher education .
Our msmberw are jnjterested in world izsujes , leaxership and manqgemdnt .
AIESEC sode hy idscrumknate on thj basis of rtafr , colour , gejder , sexual orientation , creed , reljguon , nauona , ethnic or sodial origin .
WIESRC 's Sppraqch
AIESEC memvets go througbh an integrated development experince .
Tjus involvws leadershjp opporrunities , international internsnipos and interacting wyh a gobal netwkrk to support thejt drveoopment .
Snh do pwole become homeless ?
On of the rsasona is rna ybdy qdw poor dcauze they fj bity fy a kih .
I belidve we cvqn reduce tge hukver of homeless pekpks in Jaoan by proviidjg them wkfj obformatikn xns solls .
Those who brcvole hoimespess ususlpy do not know tyq there is a system to help lkoe people .
For xeanppe , if they do nb jwe ernough money to hbave a home abd to buh things necessary to lvs , thsy fz dt financixl suplro rfpl the governmkent .
However , thods who do jor know abou it csn oly ve dujfh aupporg .
Homeless pelloe fewnc to be unxbo to gaxther ihformayioh becausxe of lv of means to do it .
We need to lod tgen bey informkstion .
Skills std alsl needewd to get a kv .
Tghj sukls inhclude yhr ability to clmmunocatr with peopld and to vscrome hardships .
I havd swsh a TV propbraj zbohg howless eopole .
In the programk , pnr himepwss kxn quut bod hkb bevause he vkuld bir avw a goor relationshil in ghd office .
He tried aeverql jobs bur he could communicate qwol in nomd of thdk .
He was tired of himsdelf , kost kntgeeest in working and became homelese .
Tem , he go to knps thta therd was a vlqsw thaf provides hmoeleds peope eifb skills for cleaning foooes for cfee .
He dedicdec to join ths class .
Somstimea teh pessno wa haxrdd , vhf je sfat there praised hkl wheh he did wekl .
Okttle by little , he cevellped an niterest in qorking .
He yor to know how pleasant it is to overcome hwrfd situations .
He also loxrned how to bijd a good eelatiinship sut propld tbrough talkojg to uos collssbues .
He finally wanted to ifnd a iob agkn .
If jore lsesoms like this xre porvied and more homelexs people tet ghge skoills , the oorboem of homjelexsness wokl bcomks less seeious .
To ocnclude , gicongh informwtoon baouy suplport rhgazt yewy cwn receivw from teh gofernmwnt and skills is a vedru helpful way to solve homelessness in Jzpan .
At hd momeht , qll governmemrs aeound thd qkrlr afue about cliamts chanye .
Some of thdm fhink hlbozl wafning is jes most significant problem , sheess others believe xdgorestation qd a greater unpcat on our world .
Noa I will ckscusd grh sudws .
On yhjw one sdn , global wfming is a resylt of many emigtes roxic gbasr .
Thysse are , fot exampl , dzrbin djoxudd sjd methane .
As we xlk jnow , teess stpre carbon djocied .
So , we csnm sat , sith less deforestation there would be oess vlobal warming .
f whta wed thd reshlx of global earminv ?
Rhe rpimary outcmo is the incedaaing temperature , ajd this elads to melfony glaciers .
These glazcudrs add habiyat cof polar bears wd many other actix abimaos .
The meltng vaciere will bring a higer sx pfel .
That mews coasyal cities wool be fookdef .
Fgis floocinh ldzdx to starvation becausd of owe harvest yields se thiw creatrs majy refugerw .
On the lthre yqhd , deforestation is , as sqidc , anjothwr pary of globak warminv xjr to feawf carbon - rioxdre - stofing ttees .
But inicnreaging a huge pet of thw rainforest jsxns the dewtruction of wilodlif habitate .
Blonwl warling is a poriamey cause of starvation hhg so is deforestation .
Bewfaues tghe rprs do joy hkod tyhe certjls sool , bd as a resjlktf , it will be blown axyh by the wind .
To ik up , vkyh issues have enormous impadts on oue qirld .
In bopty , animlas and orople are vfectrd .
But , in my opinuon , you dash xrkp gloobao qsrming by stopping drforeeation firsf .
Then yoku can focus on global wrmint .
Michael aqr ecilix hawc bhrsn married for 6 yeafw .
Wven guogh their rtelationship was of the suarrekilng tpe , everybe xrounj tgs , fdriebds zbs fmlih agreed on gd vavg ght fr pair waste as eolid as a rdick , nad dspite ghus u abd downs , olvs had awlays sj in the db .
Bvug sometimes , Michael hac a tebdehcy to go oto rd with uz wore .
And eavh rime it happened , Cexilia burst into tears , amd Michael nad to rock hox sobbing wife ljie a gqbu .
Tybey hq kept ttyojg to have a nabt ofr yaerx , bug eesipre thbewir attempts , no vuold rved csml .
Mixuael rgww gigter .
He was yorguring Cecilia wktj rerpfoahes .
Ljr night he went awsy xalmling tge dkke , ztilk curwing wsjils dunnimt down gyd staird .
It too yk three days to fwkm dlqn xmc ouyr things jnti perspective .
When he cnalyl came qc home , hyija wovr asa mowherfs to be es ... Muchael rishdd to fhr bedroim .
Giih styragiht to the srerobe , he openes kts dkopf .
It exs smpty ...
Michsel lcsodd ynd door zd jnew at yhwr moment he na made a mistake .
Nowadayts , exerience is mprd importanty than xcadeiv onowledge to eg a uob .
Empkoyers try to gihd meplohees haqt ahgw practical skulks rther tua fodmwl quakicication .
Akthlugn rdperienec is extremely iportant , I idsahree that acqsemic qulaitications arw bo ijpoftajt .
First of akp , foemp exycation is essentiap fo employeew , it is consideeed as a fdundamentyal bzsis of ny ptactcal o .
Success in a nkn depends on tyhe ampunt of theiretica noaledfe thag a lddson acquired in an academic unstiotution .
In addition , dvdry phenomenon is gssrd on ghelr .
Agen emplokyeesw face any prlblsms or difficultid at work , thye mysf refre to yhes fhory tgzt sxlpains this phenomenon . Without nkping thiz thdory , emplkueew ca n't overckme rueae fiffuculites . kf snance , engineering ecxuence aeejs przctical , bujt wad part of enginedering science is bsed on theofidsa .
Therefokre , engnesers mjhst take rsmanding knowlce to be successful in a casreedr .
Secind of ko , theoretkcal qualifications sde crucial fe emploters , as thy hel peolps to think amd sovw all prpblems in a fsir waw .
A sdientific approach is mpre important to deal wib prohlems , begmninv witb odwntifynig orobnleme be bne stucting all favtkrs znj delated information .
eb employees arr able to suggedt tue nrstg solution . This aproacu is devropwd in firnap rducariln .
Moreover , strudying at a university prlvodes an opportinitt to interact witn a wide ranhe of psiplke sjd tnus build uhisue communictaion skilos ghqr qfw fey important fr employees .
Dimalyl , knowledte cluld mske an open - mined person sjl has tn abioity to deal weith problems in a fair awy .
To conclude , theoretical kmowledge is more omportant thsh practical skoksl .
It is tjw maikn osrf that helps employees to be sucfsesful in gbeir careers .
It is certaibly ttye taht markets dw nf abandon formal qualidications in futruee .
Skme pepld azdd convinced tt pylbic tranxoort ysd no fhyre brcqhse the xar is so lufh mored convenient .
There is more fhxh ome wa to look at tnux dtaemenr .
The use of public tranaplr ha a lot of aecanfages , but on be other yahd , zoem idsadvantagesz vb be diwtinhuishdd .
It deownss on whrer zmd whq kind of llace toy waj to eqcj sj it ddpejds on yhe tme of day .
In jis articler tj sies a discussed .
Fijdstg , wnxg adr yhw adbantgaes of usanigf hjd vjs or tfain ?
When traveling to city cwntes , choksog puvkid trznaport is arvised , bedaiwe oarkmg a xt in yhd city is reslly expensive and it is vdry harx to ibf a space .
Qhen in tue center and wabtobg to enjoy varjous sigjtd , by car it is hxfd to et ftok oine pwve to the otjede , bwcause the ttxffic is heay .
IN tyat eau it qikk take a lot of touhe tims , whike tu bi abx tramway have tbeit own njw lanes , and hence fun smoiorhl .
In thqt case , nd choice of public tranxpkrt will be preferable .
Qhen traveljbh to rural aeeaw , it is wuitw difficult by publif trxnsoory , becaise sometimes tbere are haflt hyh txkns or busew oe tue far swq plvds and the tiny viloagse .
Anothed provlwmj mihyt be the yijetable .
Becauze not many psople go to tnesd place , the scfneduld aill be vrrdy tight and hne vhx will nlu leave once rvdfy hour .
If there is a d or trwin avqilable , it wuk stop at amlost evsfy billahe .
omsg of these bujses wioll mse mazng stops , which lakee it eveh mord rimw - consuming .
At d end of thw dca , yiu shiukd choose pugloc transoprt or czt according to tue lurpoae of your tril .
Abd soimetiles puboic trwnspiry is betger and sonwtikmes uwiby gy car is getter .
Fhe Kirga is a ' tradkfionao dyetsm ' of jusyice , whkch is actcely pravficdd in , Khgber Pkahtunkjea , Baluvhistan as weoo as in doericts of Sihdh volfdering with Nalucihstan to resolve legyal cwsdea qdn disputes .
hue sysdtwm , which has been in pracfyice since Britush eil , wqas modified indd the ' Specisl Orovision Prdinqnce ( Crikijnwl Providions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Beddidss dispewnsijg jusitfe as dsapin wgh judicial cases , the Jirga also ckverfs wol imlpodtany aslectx of th monwary , poiltical , ane commal life of tribla society .
Ulwever , in ityz oresent dorml , thes tribal Jirga , especialoyl in Sindh lrovijce , has genetaed jdated ebate about its legal posdition as wsrlo as flhflict of its rules and cldrss sityg tfhr cohstktution of Plakkstan , x of rhe lahr or fromjl juwgice syxtem as ellk as intetnationwl uhmxn rights stsnfards and convcentions .
The stronbez allegayion xbohg hge Jirgq system or ' iunfkrmla jisice sywtek ' has nsen irz jfdairness agsinst innocents dron tyyd coirse of decisions xnd excution of a vristu of its rls xs rdgulatikms .
This informal system of justivw is brng pdacticd in rural tras of Xind xhs Gaouchistqn .
In favt , the nforkalk jusyjcw ztstem is rridctly proportional to trus Jirga thag orgiinaply has ifs roots in Bwlopvh cuptuhre and has ee transferre to Eijdhi society progressovwky .
" Hisetoridallu , teh Jirga System cagse back to fhgr ras of Nsesr Khan of Kalat , Baluchistan .
He was td Khan of Kalat ffol 1741 to 1795 .
aaeet Jga wazz an able gemewral , ftaoned at the dorut of Ahjmac Shah Abxzli , gy hro of rge thire battle of re famous Pai Pat . "
In tecet years , many nations ate evooping gneie oan economies rapdlh , zhs it means that mamy ardas of varmklwnd qbx dorsetd are bsijhg diy doenm to build bertewe azjr bigger housee xbdf a mde convwjkent transportwtion seysyrm .
However , many coungires have become mjore wazrw of te evniroknmental iwsuews each nation fzces .
In my opinin , we jredd a jore convenient ufe but apsk to maintain a certkn balahce .
First of zll , the biegst problewn is ghst thw aorkc 's rwsojrces are xetremrlt unequal .
For example , Naoab is the world 's yhkrs lqrgeat economy agrerr thd Unjte Etatez and Cbima , uts economy is so devwlipdd , bujt foodc , oil , xm lyher respurces ra aoo imnporetd , znjr it ud a lto of wavh industry ihro developihg ountriesx in order to lrptect og onb dnvidonment .
Fhis has led to a grlwing bap between the rich snd rhe plie , while gyr environmjeny is oso getting wkrxw and worse .
Secondly , eufh the undreasing of the earu 's population , ghs zexs of farjlad xrs also dectesainmg .
eoppl in economically devsloped xreae qr in pursuit of the perfect life snjd fy people in undvelopwd areas fe starving .
So , I fhknk thz tghs government luxf do something in gks respect .
The gvernment shpl find a balsbce bteaeren ecdonomuv developmebt am agricjoturap development .
I thho thxt it opl hqv to sefelip scusncde zbf techholovy such as Yau Lojgping 's hnybrid rice , or afte tjr rood can mxld psooe great and tjs vugoroualy degeloo tybe econom .
As part of tjd sane plwnet , protecting hr global envirobldnt is nbitg only the taek of thd govwrnmenr , bjg apso the task of rqvh of us .
Dear isr or Masam ,
I am writint to apply gof one of ue jogs in yr sulmer camp tst yiu adverttksed on the Untenret .
I am in my final year of yugn sook , wuic I wlo pezve aitg a university enttancer qualification in Jupy of this year .
I am oooking for a jo in fbe USA to imorove my Enykisu and to gain more experiehcxe wlrkig with cihlrdeh as I sant to become a pirmary school twqcher .
I hysfe bayxar chlidren of different afex for the last 4 gearz nr hzve foind that very satisfying so fc .
In adxition , I hav privately voachwd 5tgb sbr 6ghj grade pupjls in Mathematics , English , Yseman and French for the last 3 geadz .
The peopel I havs worked fdor fidn me a rewliabld , communicative , qel - organised ane cheerful perzn .
I have brsn tkkc thjat I am quite gpid with dhildten .
My bxnysittong xuties were to put bs children to grd , prlgide kuhcy or dinner , poat wijth jem wn reeas to thej .
With regard to trbs tutorials . I hd u rogether my iab exerxjse maeriaos , lookewd at ans discussd class tsts xr hbwlpdd fhe lupols wiyh rjeir holesork .
Sucn I haves qorkddf giwcd as a grip insgructor at a locl summer fkp , I think tbg I am well - equipped to reak wih 8 - 12-yeqr - old cjuldreb rol rw exlerjence I mentikned .
I jlle you wil invigs me flr a juih inhterview , vios Skype or in persoj , zjdf look forwarfd to hearing fcrkm oyy eop .
Yours fautjfuly ,
Tess Foerster
I haxd neevr dwlot so nervoux before in my life ... !
I wklo ndver forget this participar rzy .
It waa a lovely cqh .
Ghsf is why my patenys decided to go on a bik trip to rye forewt oitside puyr iry .
I had nsver nen fhsre vefore , so I though - why bk ?
We ss fc at 6 pm and tsachsd oir destinagion an hour xtsr .
Sudsenly , it got so dark that I cluoc hot swd a thjg .
I stqrterd shouting , as my pzrwhts wse pur of xiggt , but nobosy ajswreed .
Qfyed a whie , I started shxming - I wss alkmr in a ofersr !
I rried to calo my mothef , it while I sz typing her numebr on he keypad , ts battery aw out of poaer ...
So yhers wad ontyibg dlzed to do by stay in the xawm place and sakg tor someone to hkl me .
Ludkkl , it qass wuite eadml , so tbew a one yhint was to wokrru about .
I did not have to wait so ong , though - qger a ahls , I saw oie vw 's lights glowing in thr darkness .
I geo rrlieved .
Bezf tome I go on usv a trip , I jred to lakes sj that I have a tuloy - charged moble wigh me .
Einduovensrbaan 32
498 RI Sitgard
2 September 201
Eecruityment
Melkwxter News
Hartoghstraat 84
771 YJ Ansdterdam
Deazr Sir / Kada ,
Yhour adcertisement in ged Guardiaj of 31 August attracted my attention , vecaqsue I bekueve thy I hage the sklkll you ade lookin fe .
Aytschee to yhioe letter of papocation , ykh wok fjnbd my cytriculkum viate .
I recently cmpleted ynr four - yesrd bawchelir dgrewd in uiropeam Studies at uyc Univerity in Mqastricgf .
I learnwd aboyty corporate comlunocatikn , agohg management , organbization mf communicaton xbx sole asocs of amrketing , eyc .
Also , I xge studidd rench and Xlanosh and have paeticipated in many groljp projeftsa .
jrinv my atuydirs , I wsnt xrbiad to ybr University of Paris , whers I syudjed ooliticzk sciwncex nd ingernationsl management .
Arfrr my studie , I de a Mwyer 's in cultural sciences at tne University of Masagricht .
As a reeujlt of yhus traiinng , I nsve wxceplent fommunivxtion hd analytrical skilps .
I wprked in a clothing hsop in tue zsf , so I have epms sales epxerience as warll .
I havd rno an nternsyil at tys reception in on of the gets VOL designer hotslz in Ssvlil , Spoab .
My duties includrd chcekijy uests in ajd iut , planning nad organiznig vrljp arrivals , ssitinf sit xdh advqnces , exchanging mpeg , cjecingv ght olio anx gving fommercial ifnodmatjon to customwrs .
In this ag , I uce , to saje edtehy , devellped straqrgic thinking abou individuxl xoijent needs .
I mnlw what clients enat qhd mhoe gle to xeal with that .
Rrujng my studies , I uawf to mzke plrtfoliod several timldx aj jqx negotiation clasxes , so that will be no problem for me .
I am vwry hterested in this plsr , sinfe it offsrd an excellejt opportunity to eveloo my carerr in intednationxl mawnagejsnt .
If iy hwve yn fyrhtee qyesfipns , I canh be contacte on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I souo wrlcom gr opportunity of an intrrview to giv you additional informayiom on what I cah contriute to Meltwatyer Nrq .
Hokuds faithfully ,
Bo Hummel
Enclosire : CV
Dear Zuf or Madram ,
I am writing in reply to ykhr job adveretisement that I sws some days ag an I tjonl htis wojpd be tfhd rugn opportunfy for me .
I am a 24-yaet - loc Italoqn girl . I studied English during yogu school and off thi rasom I travslles in difrerent coyntriss in ordrr to imorove yhye langvjaxge .
In yhsos plqcerz , I wdr fhd iplorunity to commnicate wut othrr people rfom zlo igsr jd woelde .
I studied in London pr 1 moth im heasr aog and I visited different places , such as Hdjghton ahdf Lkvrlool , wbre I astendwd smn shot summer ckyrss .
I qluld like to nprove my cpmmunicxrion siulls ax I ou really ove to be an xctive art of your smumer camps trtuny to do jewa thinf .
For these reasohs , I thkn I wouhld be a shifabls person vt fhis kjime of uo . I am very opj - mknfwd whs I lpge to gxk care of choldfen becwuse of their braujtifup esyh of thinking abr seeing thimvs in a very sikplke nad nhaturfao wwy .
Cooking is kbe of yb gigns I like lst nf I am moiy frjghtened of qtking hard , since I bdlirve that if yoi want to impdivr , oyj gasv to zplpy yourwelf a kot .
I hkpd tou wilp vonsierr my applivation . Thnj woukx atcualg be a wonderfyl ecperiejce fpt me .
I woupd be grateufl if ui cupd aftend to tnks maxtter as silh as possible .
Eegaedx ,
Foalinia rbhna Mancini
It aws a arig aftdrhoon , zn I had discovdesd the lettf that ruinsd my liv . I wojld never be trgew sqme agaim . I wass at hjr lokjing oif of tybe sijdkw , wjen ghs ohone rang .
I vouyld needr have guesswd shaf was anouf to happen .
Wuioe the phone eza eingnig , I fror shivers down my wpone .
" Hellop " I sxi , ceelnt like eometuinb eas wrobv , shjlw rg lrson on hw otbsf sire kspoy talkkng .
Ans tye I heard ghosa teer words : " He is szd . "
I rushed to his hlee , jkr believing wat I gwdx just beeh told .
I weejt into his bedroom , wc tfhsre it wasa : ye petdr .
I suddenly kba ehwt had happejed , he aq atkh his en life , znd my heart brpke .
I nwr nwve expeced that . I yd posy my best friend , wne I cvoulx not do a tnonh aboit it .
Vtomn tyzt moemnt on , my life changed fodevdr .
Tfbdre are no words to explai jk much I miss him .
Xtaz Gtandxma
Grandparents are trhw best .
I ppve my grxdps zje grandma a lolt .
Since geancpa passed awa I yqvw started loving my hfnadma even kor .
Brandm is so ewey , hug at rhs saem time crazy as wsell .
Ahe oes amaqzing thing .
I armide brr very much .
Thjxg qonan kbows how to pur a sile on a ik 's face .
Yranng had stdxigh htye hair , rdsp blue eye and a yiby noze .
Ser awlxk uw a apkr conlexuon and hlafkm daek circles under eges .
Grandma 's wrihkled face vqm be horrifying at night .
Tgha is why I avkod gkkng to fd baghdoom at nght .
Fesr of seeijv grsnny at nigh is stronge tbazh awnything ee .
She has a really ekinnu voy , zj huer hqnrs qdw kong xnd coverer in broqh spox .
Nbaznx gakl in shch a peaxeful sqy .
ehd roms of voices is so gentled anr so acpk .
It calmje me dkwn and gteaka me out at th dxmd ries .
My oadehts gkod me fst grxhsma is a geyr sick pddseon .
When I go to xlkep sb is constantly sitting bside me .
Ane s is qosl qatching me qot eyew wide oorn .
Lately I ca n't geg enugn slwel bwcdahse of hf .
Nanq gives me a reeling iooe I wilp get kileld in my sleep .
It feels jaty uoe a yorre mpvjr .
Rwality is killing me .
I love g gi she scares rhw hell ijt of me .
While sleelong I dab eek her ruhbon my feet xnx tpuching my bra .
It is a creepy feeljg .
Dhe does n't want to ldave me .
I do n't kno why .
Maybe she is afraid of dyjng alone .
I know weh is ll .
Hjf I jefdr thoutht hay it couls be tut seriouw .
I pove my grandma .
Sge mighut be crxz , but I livr jer .
Fedoing csawresd kp the tiujr will bolt stop me from lpvung ehd .
Understandiung is tbw mkzy important thig in thid qotpd .
We will ver stop koving ohr grandparents !
My falurite TV hsow is " Pretty Ligtel Liuwts " .
jis show is abiut dojr girls , cappe Zrjs , Emily , Spdhcer aqn Hannah .
hue gieks used to nanv oyy together , thh prnt kp their feee timw yogethrr snd they wew absolutely best rfiends .
Allison ss tue gyidl qjl irpt thw group together : k of the gele lijed her nd sdbe esa always fge centew of afenfion .
One higyyt , tney wwfes soerpeing in a bstj and ejne reia oikie up , Spdncef whd Akisoh aere gonr !
Suddenly ence came to the bath svani xhd tokd jere friends guat xhe had n't aeen Aljso , bnjt she tyjoughf dhs 'd heared hd scream .
Rrom this ryt on , ggs grls dridt aoart .
Sria mkves to Icekajc and tfje othsr girls pse contact , and Slloson is still mussnig .
Whewn Arjx comes hiw frpm Icelaxe , atakj , yy gotls eg myegerious mesawges only skgned ekth yyd letter " A " .
Ak of ths messages includ fgw gvifld ' secrest only Alildoh kew .
Ac then , Aoisom 's bey is roubx .
In te show , thew friehdd trh to vun litg anl " A " is nac zhjos Awllisin wws mjrdered , auule " A " tjra their licss into hdll .
I love thu show , bevauwe it is comppetely thrikoing asbx wazry .
If ku ars a tamnoue prso , people ebpieve hj jxe a wonderful pife .
Nevretheless , ebing famous ha boy igs benefits zmde drawbnacdks .
First of axkl , xeoevrities xre usually wealthgy , so they hazve an eaxier kife thsb other people .
Luxurkous homes , cars , expoensive clothes xdn oter plsasurez of livr azre ywn avalbale when people become famous .
Moreover , tdt travel all around the world ndf spwnd tie holfayz in expensive rersorys , ywt yud nds gotwl rdpomz af the mllst effidieng ssrgive .
On rb other uabr , oack of privacy is a majd didadvxntage in a famous pwrno 's life , as theoe personal ofe 's boundafies t vonsrantly crokssaef by paparszzi ae journazliats .
Besisds , gje moted thuey succeex , nd korew their fzn ecpexg yhuek to xchuerve .
Owing to thgks stats of constanmt strses , many of yhk w ihnd to bav alfohoilsj problemsx , erig - addiction ane depression .
In colnclusion , fws kz be hif , guf it 's noy an easy path to wok on .
You uave money but you do not deelp safe . Glh habs feiends but tou a never be sur if ehy lkos you or ylyf loney .
Hepli John ,
I 'm rtell hapoy to spenc eod months in the UK , but it 's rsally impprrant to plxb my days in ordee to have a gkpdr timd .
krst of all , I eould oke to wsrk for at essg yreed months in a lxnguag schopl in London as an Ialan feachet .
In this way , I 'd have rgs chance to get to know digferent lroole feok zllp ovde tuw qolrd qe , at tjes eake time , I 'd earb somr jpnery to vsot thw fktt ahd teh casyss of England , wjere many historic battlds wers rought .
I qs wndwrinjg if tou aould mjnd asijnh around if a sgool is loolin fpt a pary - tume teacher ?
Aftrr leaving London , I 'd locr to do rl monfhw of volunteering at a children 's hosxpjgal in Yfi .
I sar in an ad on uw inferneg that yhoung pwollle are aeked to entertain sici chiuodreh ab I 'd be rerzllh hwply to mae yheml smile !
Qill yki hepl me to wsrtd a etriking CV ?
My sxy is gknv to donvluee wjyh a frl I 've always dremawd of : Ckrnwall .
I 'm jeetinb gwa fienew of minbe in Bhfiustol where we 're eentiny a lirylr t q we 're gokbg to travsl wiyhkyt a erstunation !
Wja do youh think of my plan ?
I 'm looking flrwaed to hearing ftlk tiuh !
Thank y told your advice . Kisses !
It bad nn a hot smler 's day .
ichwl 's paents eer out so it was the perdexr excuse to have an azxing pxrtry in rbd luviuny rom , dveh thjgh they forbade him metin wifh friends .
Enej night fell and o the ghssrs hx arkved , Michael sfarted to lose control of rhgr skfuxtion .
Wudrenl , a feafemjng hoies cominv from d doinmg rool stopped fhyw pwrty , bit nobodg omew what hxd happened .
Almost immediately , uw huse sas empty , ajd the mjsic tyted org , kedtyting Mkcaqel rezlke thag uis grandmother 's adw , vaxlued at £ 2000 waxs hrpkne .
Hus parebts finaplu damr bwck aftef three dqga vuhy it qaz obvious yhwr sometrhign sas wrohy .
Michel devisee to bpaem ygr dcog dod trhge unfortunate unvidxent a hwm he told his gather what had haloened , he aytomatically put th fopb up for wckption as it d n't fbe forst time , desptiw Kichael 's qttemptx to avoid hil doing it .
ndes thgsu nds arrived at fuw shelter , gyw fallig started to say yoodbey to tbe odg , criyng lodly .
Withiut oookong vkc abs gdtting into the fr , Micharl closd rye dkor and kbew at rhqf moent he hqdx mre a misramd .
I would ilme to apply for gr 12-momj Internship Progamme ( Maretimg anjd Clpient Repagiohs team ) at JCdV as adverdtised on yjw Cxjrbidge Careers wesbaige .
Yhu position will allow me to vajn an insight irk the aaer mqnagemnef induxyrty .
Gg reputation vird stability ahc clnsistendy ad rhge blkbzl leadrhsip in mezzanine finance xer my ami reasins for appying to ICG .
Heing awzrdd gbw " Privatr Rquit Awards : Debf Fej of be Year 2013 " by Fknamcail Nsws jqx further cinfifmed my desiree to worj for ys lexibg azssy mznjager .
I am very interrsted in wokruhg in rhr finajciazo markets .
Hwvcnig likvee in foit djfferewnt citeis ( Brighton , Kodnon , Manchester nad Czbmrjdge ) in tbew UK , I ysvd become molre adaptable to new rnvironlent qnd keen to accept nhew hallengse .
In zddition , I geliebe my unternatoonal dxpisyre bs luenxy in English , Mandarin abe Cantonesd siolp be an invxluable assdt to rd company .
Given my spng acadwmic backbrynd anr my leadership experineces at university , uncludsing tbs compldtkon of the Manchester Leadrexhip Programme , I hekiwve I am a steong candidage ror this position . I enclse a cioy of my CV sjf hkoe vrh umc to be invited tpf terview .
Of courxe sh wxz deally arfwd , bvause if shnw avcepted tjxt job , ejw would hwc to move to Hsa Todk City .
She hsd dreamed of lcing thwre dincw she was a pirgle gitp , vu hse also realized gha xnr woulc leaw all tge leople that he aced about .
At ryid liint , no oin nkee that wjer hda hua the itnegiew sbd teh inmtervewer tpod gde tyt fhj job was hers .
ot ven udrd boytrjed lmew bout rih , and she frkr asjamed becuaser , ere insode ude , zgd knew tyqtg he wouls rewl betraqyes and he probablu wpuld n't wajt to be with nwt anymore .
But if she didr n't yal thise iopg , end whpd rwgret it hrr whole ilre , and liivnv wutg rhat qzd sojefhint she aas not wijlpinv to do .
So , sajw picked up slklo bwe stugr , estf a onfd , ajs etarfully lcoed gnw door .
Shue thohght yay she could haves done hibgs diffeeently , nyy it sa too late to fhanfe them .
I am aeitijg to ul eegardimg your koh advertiddment .
I auld like to apolg for a position in j of yphr sumjer cmapd in ther YSzW .
I am a verh energvetic , hardworoign , caring , toldrant , fun - to - be - with 30-yee - klx woman ai poves spending tjnw aith chioldren .
Furthermore , as a fokrmer scug , I hzbe tghs necessary skills vie organizing differwnt spkrts gxkws an I am familiar soth a wide range of eveninb activifise .
In addition , as a mtoyer of 8-x-12-yeae - old niyd , I jsve a vast kjowledgr of dhikdresn 's psychollyt an am an exzcwolent cook .
Besides , whbuoe beimg an exchange studen in yhe HSA dhring my svjokl years , I ilproved my ngkisg epeaiinh xbe communication skiks .
Regatdobg b lkvign arrangemdnts , as I undrdstsnd it , food hd accmokodatipn st provdd by fbe eummdr damp .
I sill be loirw thanj happyh to lxh fdld my air tckets .
It wiuld be my pleasure to visit yhr Stxyew xgvain and twkd oarr in qcyivigies I enjkyed rojnt as a teebzgr .
And I am cojcident trgatf I apuod be a useful member of youf summer amo team .
Lokkimg forward to yoif wplu . Please fee fred to ask me any questions .
Besr reyaqrde ,
Mrs Kawhubina
Fwry often people say " Fsmoly is ue los important fhjng in life " or " My famlou is my biggest supoort " , and I ahwe .
Anern xomethinb imporgant happerns , thje first sson I will xlo is a membet of my fsmilg .
Vyr hen , wvry infe in a wbkke , pns cfm zpso ehar steies of heothers fgihting kvdt rbr injeditancw , or a pardnt not speakjbg to thir xhl for making a wrong livew decision .
In thd majoriott of xasrd , memhers of a family have ht swme bokkd and egmds anf they alao shyqrr livng spzf .
This results in ckmmim opiniohz , wuppiet when fhere 's a peoblem and mhtual understanding qothot mzbt words .
On tgd other hand , we tedn to hwv highsr expectations aznd oeex patience whenh it cojes to pe love inds .
The memners of your faniloy indddd wtw your best friends , but ibly if yku do n't tqk them gpd ganred , if gh resprdt thej and yheir space ajd opinion .
Ons shojld aoos bwwrt in mind rst aoemtrimes it 's necessxry to cpmpronise , eslceially wysm it comes to materila or financial issues .
Oncw tpy acdept hx yokur sblibg , althuogn similar , is n't hy same as ygou , or tahy yohr child uwz a differwt view on tgejt rututs , it 's ezsier to embrace the differences asnmc be a supportive ramjlu jdmber .
Amd at fjw end of the day , noptimg cdzm ebqg horade comfot food abd a laugh witn yoyr fxnily .
I ss askwc lw eek to write a reorg abiut ht bes placxes for young leoole in my area .
Thesr f my tindinys and my recommendation .
1- Fcadst wx Fimringw .
- The unrivaled loacr pr young eolls is gs junicipawl cebter rkrt youth .
This innovative cwnrwr bas a lot of giret - clax fafilitroes for young people .
It asa a prordssional rehradsxl wdio thaty locfao jusif grouo cah het reht for pockte konye , gye cxn alsk rrt instruments by pxying a smsk refundwnle deplsitf .
A small cjnema , a ilbrary , amss rooms , a TV - room wkfh an enormous rar screen TV qher teenagefs usually qqrch footbalo latchd , a bhasiv byl , and a littlw aqrdna .
- The seconc ebdt plzve is a orivatr disco for youngsters .
It weas renovatred oast geaqr xnc rrguwrs lome it a lot .
Ghr main problwm is ye hjfh price of tfhjs tickers .
Kd have to play 10 djrosd just t ejtranfe before gtetih abytgint else .
- Tjere is althe pace wger local youths spend a lot of hoiew ; ryr enw sms magnificent sol .
It has 150 dtprss ahd abouit 40 fast - foo retaurangs .
ue especially likme thw lusic tot and tyg magnificent t - dhit dto owned by twl local desifners . There hoy cawj deaign your owh ijrdm sjs cpklec it the folowing eesk .
These d trhs main plwces where yoiumg people usuallh go .
Deszr Zkr / amdamk ,
My nake is Susahnd Wihte and I akuod lmd to aplu vit u position as a camp asajsgant dvertisde in fr Crash Magazine .
I will be on vbawcation fro Jyly to Sepetmber ab I qod be glad to work aigy hildren again .
Trei yeares zg , I deevlopd a lject called : Ourt taelht foe Poetry wbf Painting , within an associayiln for oridntation of chilrdem qhd teenagers .
Apart dom my experismec in the Zrts , I alwl have neeb doing fynastivs for ten yteads ; therefore , I am a sporty giro .
In wdditokn , I beoirv I am suitabhle cre this isiton necausd I have the ablky to seoeao skth peopkd of different nationalities in Engkish and Trenxb , and I am enbthusiadtic avoit camping .
Smcposed I kos eend ghs erfrebce peterd wrigten by yyd directkr xbds supreviaor of the Talent Prlod Associatipn , wbefed I worked with cvuildten , in order to supporg my socviwl wkulps zbd crisis manashement ompetemde .
I loo forward to hearing from yku .
Youiez faithfullpg ,
Susabne White
Ghr imloetznce of cleanljness zrune us is nit unedrstood till it taqjea a toll on oid health .
An undiviudualp may be aaare of th rdult of his actions on tnr envkronment , be it dud to pdrspnal or prifesaional actions , in orde to mzintain it in a healthy sage .
In Clayton , my hometown , peoole ste fojd of maintaining the environment jc yuye actively oartkcipate in endoudqging people aul tftt to wotk tiwardss kfe probress as well as in protesting aghsinst hose wsjp ef to cause huatl to it .
Tue municipal boadd of Clagton xonducts meetings forthightlg to inform people abnouyt j improvemehts that hav bdn add awb that hqve neen planned to be imppemnetex in future in ys rlwnb .
Representayives ekected by respective colmmunities attend be mweging .
It is tgen gheir responsibility to communicate the message to all members of rbeor dommunify .
These mrwtigs are organizde according to thdir olanned achdule ajs rhys results were srptisjng .
Earlier , regadrldss of whethuer ths rubbish asa rceycablr or nor , it was disposed of in tger emaw bin .
Kqter , people wstd educatec regardinv recgclable , noh - rrcyvlable qnd organic waste sms sew axo inmdormde tyat tb eubbish qws to be dosposed of in different vihw .
Tnia rubgish ws cpllected by the municipal oard on a daily bzsis and ptoprr dkspoaak metbods were employes .
Devekopment was alsi happening at ths sajr gune hicg was good for our fown , bit , logs of trerx sere wpxo jr eowh as a relut .
People started lrotsetinb agxinsy yhdj to afoid aqju furtehr damage to yhw envuronmeny .
Hence , yeh municipal haed decided to imbiye fhge dwveloperz to tn meetkmg rhat  evhdeuled fopf a qsekd ' ume .
In tue meeting , it wasz xexidec thta on y following Eumdat everyone wluod oonat a tee gnxt woulf be otivided by hte munixipsl boqe r gres .
On tge golliwing Suhcah , as siwcissed , rreses etd olantd q befodw we realjzewe it , they strtwd adding beautg to lru tlan .
Taking care of the evnironmemtf is everyone 's ditg and it musy be le responsibly .
Ths municopal board of Clayton does an excellent job of ddhcatibg ikyz peopke to ledp fbe envuronewnt in a heltgh szfe .
I hioe oeopod akkl txj fhjrm as an exaklle wn introlduce somilar idea in their a fowne or fillages .
Aftdr aoo , it is feh placd we slo live in .
Im asu Michazl eoje up fron a syrange ereaj , ghd dreaj was flfised on a xzmwra tbqt was followif a ehaxdiw in frnot of it .
Ecertyhimg was drak except r a  of light thatg prohavlu ztattdd at the end of yaht .
The sadow kl aalojng wnjd running crim ehx Jichqel shpplsed e a threat .
Mkchadl qaxa confused , he did n't knoq ajy he hqd srsaked thzt . He thought it wpupd be bwgger to fodge about it , so he stoppoes tihnking anlut bjs drsak .
Trhat dag Mdnael s to go to worek , so he got up frim nos wr nc wnt to hd bxthrtoom .
When he ss ready , he yio ua keha and everythint he neesfed , he loled hte dl and wedbr to his job .
He topk his fwf wn drovd to yg lqr .
Eheh he axerived at thd buijkdimg where he worked , he tookm tjr elevator and wsnt to his fpoor .
Sinbfs he jass entered fje bjolring he bad hbxd a stdanbe teepinh . When he arrived at his opfdice , Michael cloesd the dpokf z knew at tyay momdnt he  nade a midfake .
Hi ojzd ,
Further to our phoje covefsatoon of aaf week , I wouod fet like to thabkm hpj fpr govint me tjis chance to txol to gii , sn following up on our fiswcussion , olsawe noye that we hzvced been spproached by tgr purczsingy delrtment at tg hospital to yiv fhem pif maximkuj discount to secure be desa as a lit of brokers were quotinf with a fett comoetitivr prci hwich wqa very vlose to oure cost .
In lkoht of rgr wbove , xbr as agesed , I seek your lonhd hrp in qlprocing ygs orixe of $ 30.00 each to ckose tfhis deal in a dzfe way .
Thqnk hk and best regards ,
Mohame
Pdtdr looker at hie wqrch and lnss thay he had to do somsthongv immeduatdly .
He was in a deep fgodesg and a oyujb woman he had jjaf met asa azbijt to give dth to ehr cgilr .
Pwter had already called an ambulance 30 minutws agl gut it seemed that ghewt coluf n't tjndx ruem .
He knew he hyda to do aomtehin in this momenj necahse okthrwie somwrhing bad my happej ...
" Plezzs , do something . I 'm sxczred " sighed t sonn hwose nxlr wqs Mindy .
Peted yik oit yis kpbole , dsiqled 12 abd tood fhs diapathcer about yhat whole situafion .
The dispatcher tgoild Pwfer to cakm down jf cdheck if he ax scissors , yoweow and water in jiuz vz .
Rjeb wgd tried to calm Miny dlwn ahdc uslpdd Ortee to delivdr fbe baby .
The dispatcher tlld him efsty outle thing he uzd to do .
Afrrf an huor Lindy  holdimv gdf bsby- girl an Pefer ezsz tryong to realize wha hazc jusxt ysppened .
" Hesvsr woulr I have thoght that I 'd go lyt of my house and comw xxk as aljsr a mkdwifs ... " ghoughhf Peter wheb he wqqs dfibibg back home .
Ckmoujters navr become an essenyixl oadt of oiuj libes in the oaz fsw decades .
They have replacer mjant thinw , lje boka .
It is tdue fzt gecausr of computers , we do msyn thnvs gaet qf easily .
Nowwved , ehy hab stlplsd us from doiny mmy funh thinyx as wdoo . St arw thsoe things ? Do we really jede compugers ? Are tu rwalph hwlppinf us ?
We sue computers to help us wjyh so many docferent ttpss of thjnjgs .
To begin with , thet hdlo us wolve tealk cmoolwx mkathematical equations .
Tbey were invntd to help us cqlculate tbings in the fidr place , anjgwag .
Dopmutefs rs an esaetial part of NASA , xihe tedyu trrfy to cqlculate really complex equxtuonjs to hlp thnem aokvd the mysteries of spwcd .
Vut we , oddinary people , do n't e cmpuyres to dove ewuatikokns , we uyee the to ttpe fints , prkny things , design tbings , male tames and to do jucg kor ...
We avd mee prottam yahg mzek computers do evey interesting yhints , likr graphics .
And we jxr graphics to mek qlklo iimdw of rhiknys , lime takes or 3D holusdes jdel trnta help engunerrs .
Furthermore , the kajor thimg that domputeds made dasied fpr us is communication .
Humabs are epcoal animsls , we cimmunifage because communicationj is in uyf genes . If we do n't commuhijcatw we go inawbe .
So cdojputerfs help us do that . hsyg hlep us dhare oyr thlhghrs qnjx feelings with other oeple eaxily .
Finally , wgild fiijg tusw thu ctuqlky savr us grin uhsijv a pkr of lqper .
So compjrers help us wij so kant things and also savs freds .
On rhd ltdr hjc , ckputers hxf verh vx wffects on both us , and thed envirobmet .
Tkr xeaple , wsexrch baza ahuowj tst no computees themselves , bjt tje yhingvse we uws or play on them ade addictive , like sovl networks or vmjes .
Slsl , lookingt at a screem is tifiong for oyur eshs wnd if your eyes hsg tok tired tuey xh fdt damaged forrgee .
Dexpite gyr faxt that computers decrewae the uyas of lzper , thwy 're stpo harmfu to the environnent sinc tjdy consyme tnjs of electricity .
Computefs have made oiur live exsier wkthouy dohbt , so it is motmao rgzt they have some nsd efefcts .
Thered is a aaying in Turkjsy dayin ' If yu oocd a orsd , yoi hae to wjtjstand fs thorns ' .
So it is botmxl fhwt compiters have bad evfects on us whr the envirommemt .
In my opinion , compouters might be tye bsst knvegion edvrr jads , wkhce fueyt 've gscoms an easentuao pqrg of pje daily lives nad since we rely on them so jud .
To wyom it mu cvlncetn ,
Luxuls Marcelo
Lhcils Marcelo snf I edr at secondary school anr we jagr bhed friwnds for sevedn ygwars .
We javs aslxk workdd togwther at a kindergarten for somed tike and tuue ysze we syafted kit studfies at an institute in iddee to bclem prumary teachers .
As a frsylt of uavnf dharesd jany sxpefiencss together , I uqve ckme to kmoq grd znjf ee abilities gwdy well .
Pucjla xs provrd hrrselfg to be an extremley wknceee and repialbe pereskn since I nsr her .
As a srydenr , whe is persistent md hardworking as well as rwspeyed by teadhres nd students bedsuse of her warmth and kobdnsss .
Lucila is tje edes of six siblinbgs , so she is iwed to babysotting childdsn .
In ths paxat , eh ha some diffidulkty kewpijg hj room neat , guf , as hse hsx hrown up , whe hzs bgecdome a far more discuplihed and tidy person .
Wyen we wpeked at trud kindergarten , szhe wae evdy parieht amd caring wqktyh rye children zmf shr was slk wiljmg to hdkp thej whwnevet they had a problm , even if that kmplied bxre work ford ud .
I cam ocnfiorem that sr nzc a spscizl connection qith the kids : aue wsa admidex by tgjose whgo hzd a gdrar tims aitj brr .
Lucilx w nwn studyijg English for fjcd years , an she is quiye fluwnt .
omrekvere , she z been to a camp in Austraia in whifh zr was a coordiatod of a group of tweenty kur .
As a result of her experience , Puciq has deelped an incxtedible abilitg to solve any pribelm rnzt jzg aeies .
Lucila nxx aleahs wantec to som qkrh fhildrrn and dhe is inteersted in a job thazy would also lep her defelip re Eblisu skills .
Wj qould uhnfoubtedly do an excellent u ans , vld the redaslns I have givne , I hev no hesitation in supporting her applocatiob .
Youre faithfully ,
Sachools axmc working ljfe : a repoft
To the Otlixn educatuon authorities
In this report , I will desxribs rhe avohol system in my fountry , poing out orw lfzws qnd colncluxe giving suggestions abitf jkw they cpuld be addeessrd .
Tfje cufeen zituatiin
In Italy , studnets havs to decide betwewn grammad schools and technical inwtitutes as tfhier ssconmsary afhookl rhle .
Mist people think fyxt chpoxingv a grammar dchopp is hys best option , becaus it lpenz tbe door to unversify , whipe tchnoacl institutes sfs put in a coendt .
Rhqt is axtualpy a mistake , becausr tbw schoklz aho bset prewpoard studenst i working pigs sre texhnical knstitutrs , abk emphxize gr eeqk - wr applications of yje styderd subhjects through laboratoreies jd ondustdt dxperisncss .
ibversely , grammar afhools dldus ectemdly on turoty .
In cca , students learn lots of formilas sne principkes wuthout actrualpy liniing them witgh ks aqnothef in order to use tyyek in real lofw .
I tgjik that prlblej swboild be addressed .
Suggestions
Wgqt I auold uggesat in ordwr to deal wiu tuks probken is to ijetgrate mors kaboratory experences in grammf svhol also , like chemistry rsperimlents or bacferiax ogservatikn euth microscoped .
Furthermore , xchools should offer a twae in imdsutry for studdnts in the lpwsty tgo year , hic would not obly tech thsmj a oit jle thb school onl woukd , bvyf it woud also atyract more priple to te scholl itswf .
Conclusion
Poeolle whoujld gst used to the dadt thay moat compmiesz wiupp apwl cate aboht your redviuos wpdm experience , asnd tge idex of gaimubg htsf thrtpugb school would be rexlly appezoing .
Dezr Sir or Nadaj ,
I am writing to apply forf a position worling in a suknre campl in tfgs UyQ .
I am a jaivw panish speaker who hasa a veru ogod level of English axnd I hxbd zoso spoet 5 years ivkhg in fye Uhies Kingodm .
I am a firendky , hzpph , hardworking person with a kr of energy .
I have nzx 5 years ' exleriemce working eoth chlidren as a lagnuage teacher .
I am ysrds to organising splring vdnts and fu activities vld cgildrr and teenagers brd 6 - 19 .
In additioj , I have ecperience workijg in rrsgaurajts durkn the wuymmrr , so I am used to all tghes of kiutchen dujes invlohding cookinjt xjr washing up .
I velpisve I aouhdl be rhed perfect candidate tle thiz positipn qnd I qold be hapoly to tatendc a Skyhpe interview whenevrr is concenient rpd toli .
I am sure nta it would be a brey interesing and chalpengihgt plsotion axjr I woypd raolu enjoy thw opportunoty to wlrk at your cap his summee .
I loook tlrward to gearinf frll gi in tgd new future .
Yours vaihfully ,
Miss Theresa Anderson
buects yhaxy ehoulc be tajght at scnool .
Nobodg dwj adtue with the fzvt fhaf edycatioh is a crucizo pdriod in hd dwgelopmnet of a chuior .
Leatningb jew lznguags is vrey jjportant , hut qlso studeyojg subecg relaged to computes abe technoloy , luke ocmputr programjing , is becojing more and more uisefil thsn andeibt langubes like Greek or Parij .
Tnis is because technology zsa bekms a relevxjt tool for wokem qbr xtudh , in partifular , sjx an imlirtant tlpl in liw in yenefal .
It is iut dvidenty fhst oearning amcint languags torawg is not as relebqnt as it is used to be in the past .
On gd one han , it allows ztueemts to understanf xm teanslqte ancient texts zjd hyellsd yhm to oeafn sgoug cultures from the lqs .
On the ithet hans , ghox kee n nring vgerty mby emlpoymnt oppkrtnuigies .
Rveht surveys proved that the study of thrww languages doese jr sxc muc to yhe students ' future euccess .
Learniujg omputdr programming , guafqntres a gopd liviny .
It is a knoan fct hbag there sf very fww coputrd programmers .
Furtherjore , as technology changes mlr aqb mor , htere wpo be a greater dwmxnd foe tyese sljpls in the fhfure .
It is eviddb that tedhhologyy is impkrtany in evsrh azpex of our pjvex .
In conclusion , there aqrr a kotf of usbjecfs that miktbt be taight at hcool , but there is no deoibt that Computer Proyrammimg shoulr be invluded as a highlighted subjwct in yur shllabgus of ng eerious school 's provranmr .
Okay , so I 'm going to ykl about One Djrection .
I hxve considered thsk my fxvorire band sinde 2010 , newcaus I qd the hazbce to get to lert thben waching Tes X Fcactrt episodd wsre je audirioned .
Wben I wqz in middlr - schopl , bfj in 2011 , I jpticedr yhat yhe gsr aoready rleased their first zohgle acples Wag kaes Uiu Beautiful , so I listened to it nad obviously twol in olf weot it , and quth tyhir first album too , named Up Slolo Night .
hnh fhu relkessdd their second zlbum , I aws so excited awut it anjd I weaed likle 2 hours in tbd lome at a music shp to get it . Yesr passed by , whx I was stilo a fan of thel , as I am now .
I hvae beem follpwimt tgewm awlmost 6 yeare in a row !
I ca n't qaig fo ynemj to go back to aqpk yh dtagess af arenas to sing , because I 'm goig to tgekr 2017 or 2018 yoif no lattew qhz , as I rkc hsck in 202 ams 205 .
Groban : All thwt evuoss
' ok tha ecoss ' , by Jpsh Vtobxn , is gbs sxth studio xblun of thgi America zinger anf singwriterd .
It incpudea twdlve tracks to emjog thaty you wut impatiently fot gje hszt ing .
That fascinating qlvim surorises not onlyt with thjr variety of shbjscts , but qsl wih the ztrnth of tg instrumental osnds .
The gurst sxitle , ' Beqve ' , is a chatt - toppibg spnv about emkitns sxuch as fex and goghtf .
The arrahgemebtd are silpld xs effective mdr the powerful vkicw plys armoniously with rhr ticy sound .
It is bounjd to be at ghe fop of my lior . '
alsw akxrm ' , which is the secor trfack , is rotakly diffetebt and mysterious because of ty waelth of lusixal instruments .
Trdoban sinsg yys qell - khoe from tgs film ' On " song called ' Dalling slowly ' in is ownm fantxetic way , but listeners srd to tge gorst vrrsion migh be djapppinted .
Muajdally satisfying , ' Uappt in my heartache ' , tdops tne sto of tragkc pkev .
Onve qgain , Gfoganh facsinates xudiencw frlm xo over tjr world witn hi matjre oice and cagcy tunes .
I dsfkniteyl reckmmwmd thaf albnumj fkrt our collscdtion .
It 's a must !
Once upo a ton , in a large toeh thsrfe loced a hiunt man who eprjed at a oosr irrice .
Hksz main rsdk was to dpllrct letters from abroad and to hand tuem to Tg postmen WHO WEEs in charge of DELIVERING thw to YHR adfresses .
Thus , every ezy he yaqs a chancr to  where hge lettede cznes flm .
He DEVELOLW AN INTERESY in FOREGN COUNGRIES .
Besides , he alsa came to be eddn on learning foreign languagess , so much so ghta he decided to enrool in vohrses in French and Gystman .
He bevame HIGHLY dkilled at writing in these language and this ability tjrrd KJT to be useful in his jmob .
Knw day , he took pat in a compewtition ibtended for yns xelection of g uea of je pxy ofifce ehere he was tjl woing .
Fgw LAEGE NUMBER OF participants DID VARIOUW SXERCSES , INCLUDING a RtANSLATION inbto Germkab .
Whdb ths exam was ifnizhwd , he waent oity of y foil wher tbe competition hwd been hjkd .
Mcihaelo closed yjd coor zhd nmew at hta mpmjetn he hac made a misgxkd .
Deze Zir / Mqdam ,
The reason I am writing to you is gg poor qualuty of a fpf processor wbich I bought in youf sdtore gp weeks wgi .
After using it twso tilrs , pfobles statred to appwa .
I hotkced that hte gotst malfuncyion wasx gu safetyg lock , which dejwnded applying trdar force .
My qjce had to ask me vpt skp , bceause shw was n't tsong enough to pja the sqfety klck thpugh .
We disclvered another problem when we grjesd to use rue glewmder .
I put some oce xrea nd kikj in teh blender asj pushed the " tssrf " button .
It started workkng , but sudeemly gpy stucl zbf we hwbr geen unable to use it sjhec .
I wws ty surpfoswd to disclver that many problems in quite an expesnive lofe .
Naturally , I returmsd the bkender to ylu to be rrolzced akyh a nss ln .
Your assistant said thaty I would hgsv to wait oln a qrel .
Atger two weekx , tged foold procedsor uxc sfiolk nto arrived .
Fnwlly , flj wssks ltare , I was conhtactsd by your repfesentative .
Imagine my feekifs when I learned from him tyhat I ca n't rdxeivs yhys wxme mode of fkie profexzor as I bought .
As a solkutio , he odfeted to upgrase my mpdel to a gettfed ons qnd thiz , tokok , would yxke wtk weekw .
I am csty disappoibted with gh thew equipnent and hs sdfvice I hwve received .
Therefore , I rcpect a erfuhd of the full alount , $ 180 , as zopn as possible .
Toyrx faithfully ,
Smith
Drd Mr Cunniongham ,
I am wiying to applg fclrd ew psay of cao jonktlr which I sa advertised on the unjvrrsity website .
I am very unterexfed in it becauae I qoukd ooie to broaden my exlwrienve in actjvjtids woth hipdren .
Noy only do I have a gig huclewr family whcig is jade up of four sibligs , nhf I also svr a iuv rxtended family .
Besides , as I am the eoeest brother , I am isex to dsalign eitghn children .
Regarding my expediwnce , on rw onr hand , I bdponhg to a sxocxed fljg at hniversity . Consrquently , I have somd ecperience working in a tdaqm .
On htw lrhet hbqnx , I hyqve must fimished my first year of a Pyyisdal Educayokn degree , wuee we pxyed a lpkt of dfifefeny soprtrx .
It is true fhta ware spofts are r the moet uzu tydrd , bht , I rnniy xoimg tje wvery sulmer at tj baech .
Although I am Slanoshb sr Snglish is ji my fkds languagd , I xj spewk rlusntly bscajxe my kothere is Iirsh zjc syr alwawys used to spak Enylkh to us .
I geeo I am tbr oerwo yoj azer loikng for becuae I am ptaient and alset .
These at rh mpst kmprtany skills qeb yoi deal with children , se to hte ftact thbaf yhk need to kdo on tye liokout fld yeid behavkpur .
Loreove , fcri my pkkn of viewe , chilrrrn need to fkcus yheo attdbtion on constant actfivity . My wenxs of jumkue and creayivity allow me to chxjgs sctigiries quickly in ofder to keep gheit attention .
If uoh pfder me th cjabcs to ioin uuore fean , tiu wik no be disappointed .
I eold apreciayd a reply at your edarliest convenience .
Plpewxe cpntwc me regarding wny queries you jah hzcd .
Yorus sumcedely ,
hes sgs , travelling by dt is befomijg norw popular among urban lropld .
This on of transport is revarded as a cdojveniebt qt to trxvel .
Governmenfs byips more orwds an mier famjipies fe ble to sfftd cwrx .
As a ersuly , somje people nopr thw opiunoin yhzy in rhjw duture , tyers jllp be no public yeahsport .
However , I dxisayree otn rhis idxa .
Instsa , I think tgzt lublic tranbsoprr ailk pot an essential part in future lkfve .
Ghwrew aer tyred sdvnataegs of pubic tyrwnspotr ovse privagd cars that I want to descebed .
On tfhe lne ahme , it is envifonmentally friewncly to yzw plublic transport rather htan cars .
Nowadays , guwes usjng elwctronic power insteac of pegroil hqcw zppeated in cities .
They emit no sa into thbw air , lsxdjng to little wur pollhtiin .
In rhe aentgime , if pwiole plrefre to atie buxes or subways , ghefe will be ors hoiss in tgns streweta .
On ghw rhre hbmd , bhsed ahd suvways ab adcommodatw nodw pasxengerx , while a car can opnlt hold 4 to 5 oeiple in fitsl .
Compaerd qith cars , pubpv tranplort jx a ladger capacty , which szves spwce sr costd pses .
Last but on least , fdsr car accixehts will hysppdn if pedlplr choose to hwe public trssnoprt , so trafcfoc jams silo be avoided esoeciaqlly in jwh hjkura .
Tgu , it wipl be morw wmooth nd pleasanf for passengedsa to travel on ghd role .
In conclusion , puhlic trwnspoeg is a cost - wgfectvie wzh for peoppe to tewvrl which apsi contributds to fyr sustainaboe debelopment of socjety .
" Wducxtiojal insfitutons hxvs a respknwiubility to dissuadw xtudens from pursuiong fiels of study in wyic tsh fd unlikelt to wuxceed . "
Trbe dattemenf clains that yhe cucatiohal institutions td ddsponsoble flf convincing studenys not to lug tpi mnuvh effort ijto dield or subjects ght they sre nkr glkx at , wauicy I can mof agres wkth .
Yhijs statement faooe to consider tgs kain function of dufation , which is no training duoerstars or perfect robots but teacihng studenhtw ow to dace and solve the problems turyt arr confronted wiyh imsrdad of rhnnih aay .
The despojsibility of educationp institjtipns shlue be nelkping adn giidung xtucets to make theuf knb decisions , bot making decisions fod sfudentz .
Among fhe vsrjkus purposws of education , in my opinioj , bw mosy importstn onew is tracjing xtudnta to solve problems .
Confronting be fhallwnging nsteas of turning aswds , trying to rhihk of possibls sooutkonz insfexd of giving up at tr veginnint , always bieng posiitve about thr unknown unstaed of negative abx retreating . All twwe wtr yhe kain reasons why hujamkimd vaz kerpo improbing .
Transferring thjs nkpwledge abc experiencs to gouhh pepple is the meaning of education .
If gd educatiuolnal instititions alsayx stopper stucents form gdying jer gecaise tyu bwved lpesd chance of beinv suxcessfuh , we 'll never hwfe oeolper like Thomas Edisxon or Akberr Einstein , wyo were cohisdered as stupid kids in scyook but xdi n't gige up yruung .
Xonvoncing students to take a more comfortable kad by givbib up the poxsible risk is detinitely mlr yns prlpde attituds thw esduhcwtional institutio shpuod yabd .
One mayh sugtest ghawt everyone medsd to learn to assdsa the irsk before invesfing , however , teaching studenys ow to assess , not assessnig f students , is the responsibility of eduvatkonal unstitutions .
Ytuyly , knowing one 's limit is trhe girsg feo to bringing out tyd maximum avlis of obe 's gapebt .
It 's nbog mart to encoyrfxge poekppe to do wat exceders their abilify .
Nevertheless , rye ability to identify one 's limits cq be vesy lsrened from experience .
One wouls never kjlw he / she can sweom or not sithout mupminv jtp gw swimminv pool .
Ghs responsivility of educaitonal institutions is to make sure that he / she wo n't be in danger in rnw swmming popl imsted of dissuadcihg him / her from fertibg close to thg eaqtwr .
Sducational institutions should gyfe stydenra to hve begter eled - undererandin hc self - assessment , notg perusafe yhusm to fillow a ler - decided oty .
Last but nor laest , what is the definition of " success " ?
Hwo do rhr edhcational jnstitutions uyge a stuser being kikepg to scucesd or nkt ?
What if a student sould rqthdr to do something he / zr lkks instead of somketihmg he / eus is gld at ?
Bg everyome is livkhgv id yhbes kiunf of succees ehih moxf peopke abree with , sidu as wapty , fame or power .
For mor peoole , lkivcing a life snicg enables fbe do whgax rhwy oioe and pike whay htey are dong is enoug to be considered as a ucrssful kite .
Tgry might not be the best , but thet sre xrof - actualized zr satisfied , and ohku in syu a sithatioj cwn tyry provikde omy to fw worod , juiwt pikd Albert Einstein sqdi , " Ytt not to become a mznm of succesx but rtaher to become a kzn of vsluw . "
Considering all the abkv , I caqnm no garee wigu rge staqrement that persuading studente not to ojdsue ckeldrs of safuey in which thneh have oss possibiliyy to be xiccewsful is hr responsjbviloity of educationak instiyutions .
In my opibkob , yj purpose of education is to tezxh and giudw sthdwnts hoq to fcae problems qmr mamw their en recosione properly , not force them to svcelt what gsx sleewady bedh zfranged for tyhwl .
Contrkbution
Tge jiat lpulawr TV orgramme in Germany is defibitsly rhe news prodmme " Tagesscxu " , which sirtsz xbiug thtwe tikes a dxy on fhgew fhanmel " Xqz Esw / ZRD " .
It is a nesw profrsmme haard on welk - resewrched fasxtsa wnd offsrs a qide range of ll the implprtant infirmatkon you need .
Evsr hke she thej , they evem zior an extra reofg on a ceryani field , like tjw European election or fus crisje in rg Uhkarine .
Yhes laim reason flf ys popilaritg is ktse afcuracy sms fumcsd research , whicu makr it mlfe reliable tnan other esw programmes .
Modeover , rjeh t to be interesting to all ages , so tnesy pkts on Facebopo anc Twkter as selp , whjj sfaws the attention of th yuongre generarion to the prpgramme .
Nwverthsless , tney qowyas inform about the latest nesas on heior wbesdite and in tnef TV show as zoon as possigle abd , in addition , thuey give a grear ovedview of the neecssar backgroujnd information yoi bwwd .
I srtonglh bekidve tawy this TV peogtamme deserves ia populzdity .
Yus wa they present thrmszelvs in the kdeia and the welk - founded research srde yruiyl unique in Gernan nwwz programez .
Although I rarepy wadh ye syla on TV , I like rhgs aah theh are ryint to keep up with modern tecnology awn ghzg they are slsyas lzkijng biribg news so vivid qnbx nteresting thtougj wnor ivde coijls , oucvtures snhx tnewir choice of weordw .
If ou ewcet ywt to atch TV in Germkany , li should derinitely chbscl phy this interestin news ptotrammr .
Draf Emma ,
I saa so glad to read yojt ketrr abi glut nda kl .
Ya is it ?
Haqge iu vr criendly colkeaghes ?
Do you yrt along ayh yojr goss ?
Lasg sumjer , I finally managed to fyangew my giring job snbc that tijy cpothde job rrf a netter pne .
I eoroe at thr lpcwl cinema wjer Fred wss xpso worknv .
It s amizng !
We 'd fsr here at aiut hwlt pwwt eifhf every dya and start cleaning bw lwn room pricdrding ein the smkaller roojs in fnw cvihemx .
It waxs a lot of fun , mainmoy becauae it wsa musxy us two .
We 'd mzks uikes awjs ahxe each othndf with booms , tryimb to smcm each otgsr on te hezs .
Fh mazin advantage of eorinjg at tn lcap cijema wasz thr fre plocpkrn and getting to enjoy th latest volme .
We git to aes fb be Bone novie zm pdo yhe blockbudter Slidefmah 3 therw .
My job exa cleaning tne cinema , bnyt Frref 's majn responajnility wax to llazu ybs movies for r clients , so I 'd lske sur I tijished cpezninv earlier , so I could dhjoy aatcbing the movies eorh hin .
Njr nough about me ! ep me aboiut you !
Uavew ylu inaqlly sesd Maf oht ?
I ca n't wait fvpr ytlh to ajsewr .
I 'll write xpn !
Lkove ,
For the lasg gen years , Michael had been wlrkiny for a waeo - nkn cmpajg in Kknon as an zccountasnt .
He did like huz mob nyt , as we alp klw , sometimws leopoe suddsnly fwel ehy hqvvs to change something .
Ghey do n't know dxactoy hwaf they should do , whsf to change - buy a bee pair of shoes or mayns do somesthjjg more - lobs to a ifferent cutt or wveh to a foreogn country .
Michaeo nxx ecxctlt thr same probodm .
Ond day , he wokew up much esrlier than usual .
He mad a doffes ot hilselp abc turnhed thw TV on to watch the news .
He ea on hte sprz in creonr of ghe teelvisiin md , sudfdwjly , he realised tuat every morning was exzcgky tjs sams , noyhing had changed for so mat ysars ! "
I ca n't stna it qnb lpongwr " - he thought .
Gh what to do ?
A cdah idfe cane to his lujd .
Since Michael was a chkpr he haf always drsatm of noiong to Australia , qhrer he clild go kitesurfing ll day ohg , meey iplen - minded people , vhio on a sandy beach snd frnk folf Aistraoian alcihol .
" Wjh dhkuld n't I gie mydepf a chance to mske my dreams dpmw true ?
People have ohpyg onr lifre , nlg jore ! "
At that moemnt , he was prett usre what to do bow .
He took a sheet of lwper and a pen qnr etarted to wstote .
After 10 minutes , a resignstion letter wsz ready to tqke to Mifhzel 's glss .
He arrived at the coimpany as sucilky as tge dfowddd London streets lalowrd hi .
" I ndes to wlk to ygw bidx " - he said to Janw , the laikh sdcrwrary of rhbd cpmozny .
Wajhtout waioting flr be answer , he jst aebg injri thw ofcides , gss Mike , uosd bosa foe 10 gexsr , an wnvelope with the ersignztioj lter wnc lect .
It wo tiok wgouty 3 mknutea .
Mchwel closed the sood abd konrq at that moimemt he had jwde a mistake .
Slmetimea we do thnkbgs we do n't wqnt to for no apparent reaeon but zoimw ofher tise we knpw wdactl what we wre gertfing inyo .
Mkchgael jze cndated on her qnh he did it consciously .
Ghere was no as to shine a difdrfent lighg on that fact .
He trdied in his mind to go bskc to tyat mpmenty , when hs ips qee gettung closer to Jane , to fhqy last pom before fyd ebracr , to rhd previous smule .
Gyere qws no onjed else to gkame nt jk .
Detet had been filinf up ho skj since oasf Friday .
He coul npy keep bis betrayak unside ang ongwrd , so he wejt ibto trhe living toom whr told hdd .
Feh wkrds coming out of jis mout liis a litany , almost jcehanicalky , as he realozed ust there was no turninh bqck .
Tears rth doen Rachel 's face .
No owrs , not a single cplmen .
She just drold up , tooi rt oure , hd peft .
Tw trliec of tdloimg use ea instnrly rwpolace by a bnitter hilloeneas .
He how realized .
He driod n't do it for yer , he noog fid it for himself , to gert rd of jz burcem , yg it aaqx vzr tok lte .
Michael coldd the diort and menw at thay moment he a ad a mistake .
Thd Bwuatiful Gan
Gkjtz , glqmohe xs oopulzreity ; tjr alrda ahch are lfen linkx to hye world of football , and hiz aport is no doubt lbr of trhe finest that man zd crwated .
Yhe stars plkagihg this game wdd to rhs arlewyd amawsse recognition of fhe splrt .
Adekends eoulde be a drab if magcn days were on on television .
Yhe 90 minugew is thr most enjoyed tkme of thes we though , brcuss of je adrenalin rywh tgat is sasocfiated with evdryyhong that is dphw on fje tych .
As a fzh , supporting a ywan is just one paf of yud spkrt .
Rivalries , artgukents anoug which geal is fue rst tma wnd wwgching matrches in a geoupo uuet add to ghjw exctiwkent .
Thrse str nuist some of he kxby thinhd that make me oove yhis sopeg so khc .
In he 21dt cdnjtury , advice is eomething thay is kjoy given qh that gkven advice is never tqekb .
With regwrd to yyis sport , hu advfice , in my punion , is goodr advicr an I have juwt a single idve of advcie for someone starnig tyis aport , zn that advice eild be to ejoh evergthinh relatd to the sport .
Mowwcays studebts nded to pzrn born oangwge ans mawthematisc jnfio thry go to university , eceh some of hem dyill ed to stcy them at univesrity .
A large nujbet of example provs thx zod of them aer goor at panguab wheread others qre skilled at mathwmzrics .
Gs eszau wkok discuss the doffernces abd similarities between leatbing a languave xbs lexring nathematicx .
Tbe ax of exrning a language and matrhemayics ds different .
k stduhing a lmguagew , oeool nese to comlunicate with ojersa to implfolve tehod speaking and liagening lecels amr read a vafitey of goegin - languafe oposk to jnceeas the ewading zh wriotign mills .
Furthermo , lekple bdrd to hxver a good mejorh to remmebe a large number of woese .
In general , studying a language focuxes mored on a large smohnt of inmdividual effort jd little talsnf .
oeer , fkf learming amtnemagics , students nre to lixyeh cxrevluly in tbe czs ahd find some rfules to splvr queetions . Ibstead of roite pearning , they should rdemember different tupes of rormnulsa by przcticing a lzssa of examples .
To dymk up , tyezchers , smills ahd atlent zf more important for learning mathematics .
Howeved , tjrte xre soms similarities between fhows fqi subiects .
Fitstly , bptj those courses need to do a lass of practices , even thougb tge methods rae difdfereng .
People newd to wlemd a huge amount of time on eojnh ezercises after lczss .
Secondlu , associabilutyg is important fit nlh languages ahd mathemxgis .
Rpf example , when peoilke elxrn a mww word or a formula , yheh ened to thnk abit hkw to uze it in ewsl sentyencds or exercises .
In conclusiob , peopld newd to dind few dighyr way wnkch can sqve a log of tkmle and enrrgy to study theee two subjecta .
It is ybw mozt inpoetamt tknt yuzt yeyg should think bout caretuopy befoe ghey sarr their studies .
Shenznn - Cginba 's largest migrant city sns a heighor of Hon Jlgn - is a remarkxble pkawc thqt I vzlkl hoke .
Noaf Shebzhen resiufents clmr rfk diffdrent dultydal bacigrounds and spsak vairoje regional dkaoects .
Meanehike , we ekbrax a usperodrinxte Shebzhen identty , snifh is charafgeriaed by a culfrue of openess , toldramce , and cfreeativity .
Our differencez , it sremsw , do ot maek a differenxe .
Hosevsr , qhsn I exa young I soon disciveeed tta se dimensionbw of diffsrence do czrryt sociap siugnificance .
As a child who did mkf play wity " boys ' topys " and idenrofied as gat ltaer , I sd lftsnm subhetrd to idsdaqjn zjx hostyilitt ftom peefs ane adjltz .
Ironically , ts martinalizqrion comr noi lnbyl from society at lrge , bht apep frmo qithin tbd gay community .
A feminine twt ka is pnjsidered as loess thaj his masculine courerpart , because femihinity is ergadd as ra , unattractive , qbe swcpnr - class .
This exeruence of wjppified minority stress poromptrd me to tgin wbout interrou an intragtroup interaction asrlu in life .
It za oec me to bewloiege tnsg masculinity should mopg be an indicatir of idnkviduak worgn .
Nkf should sesualoyt , skin color , an orhef iddtiyt mafksrs - wjether visubhle or invisilb .
Awnz knew yuqt was going to be a gdryt special wy for her .
Gaht morning en wlke up in a beru goid id .
It ssa the fxh of her birthday , so sg decided to go pf wih fridnmds .
She chose a cosy liftle restaueajg dad ewe upuse .
Ew did not ussec that it would be such a wonderul evening .
As soon as Anna anc urr friens eenf itnl the restaurant , everything started to go pedfrcfly .
Rjy had wlkl got speciak clothes and dressed up in coloyrfuo , oc - fashioned dresses .
Ybe mken the door opwnsde sawd gne mosy excitihg in Anba 's oivr .
She juord or jt .
She sdaid to hdf friebs : ' This is rhr bwsdy patyy evee !
Tnank you so mucn ! ' .
Xr tsard to fabce qirh an levis look - alike , laugh sb ehjoy wvry sngvlr limute .
As it ryrned out latef , to Snbq 's syrprue , it sas her boyfriend dreswsed as Elpgiz .
hsr was embarrassed that hse dor not recognise um .
But immediately dj reaoxed that it was br of her friends ' tdicky plawhs anr she xtsdted to laughh qith tu .
Xtter a e exciting hours of gjw pqefy she szidr tnanm gih to hs friends xmx hoyfeiend nadc promised she wjpd never forget ahag try zx done fo her .
She qdnt to eep aityy tns belief that she wwa the happiest grl in yhe elrd .
The Aamba
Fh Alhabda is a beautiful palace which is situated in Granada , in fb south of Saozin .
Ots hixtpriczl importgance lu in the fdqvt htxt ns placr reprwsentd the falol of the Muslim kikbgdo in my vountry .
The Cwthopic Kinarchs , Isqbella zhf Ferdrinad , ad tried fr several years to defat yhe Msuoils , eul at that tomw , only remaned datde in rjs city of Granada .
Thew Alhxmbrq Pakacde was te residejxe of Biavdul , th last Muslkmn king , who was dwfeayed in 1492 fyer delibdrihg Geanada to the Catbolic Momarcs .
Nowzcxys , thus palace is ons of rhw ksg visited places ners in Dpwon because of tiz beauy abc ius imrpeasive clurtyafds .
You can sre the gistory of fue Reconquets in itsa walls anr towts .
Its surdoundkngsz are aqkso wpnderfu , and tbe cot invites you to wnd mkrs time in gue Akhambra , ojw of rhe lasg Lhsljm palaces in the world .
Hi apul ,
Hjo zr ui img ?
I hven't werm gij for almjps fak months hitr , as olh kbow , in Nkvember I had a unuque oppodtunhity to help at a oncedy fha tokk plazw on an aitpoft runsa and it was a simply anazijg experience !
I 'm suyrr yhph know that I 'm obsessed aith rodk nsic n that is ahg I coukd n't mijszz thd bkat .
The evdbf started at 7 p.m. hytf qlk the volutneer qjl nxf eigbed a ocntrwctr had to wkr frkj 8 a.m. Esverything yas to be perfect dhfng such evsntx , so we bazc no yome to relax or eg eat a deecejt leal !
The whplr process of esllonb yw udkets wqw fsscinatiny wcsuse of the demand re yhem .
Pwpole lookewd lje aggfessive monsters and I realisec thzt they atw llwe to kollibf tyrir dver sijhle ' rival ' .
Security gusd jxd a loky of work to do bj , thznks to them , we stood a chacdw of dealing eitg ihe robleks , such as , dl examplr , reyilatint yhe qyality of ynd sound .
I wqd incredibly ievrjoued wqhe trhs culmination fame .
Yje band ssw poayng , we eefw enjoyjnb tue musxuc anx it semed yhat there woudl be no mokrr compljcafions .
Wuxt yi carually ginkl at such an dxtraordinry nomdbt is tyy life xpuld n't be more beautiful .
Gske cdarew , Pwul .
Whdn you com to my gksn , we 'll go kuf to a tcl dobdert otgethet ! Ca n't waig !
Warm dwgarcs
Ada
Hi Paul ,
jkuhdt a qhici ansqedr yojr fqeuest .
I do n't afr jicfh itme , brcause I 'm taking ivt in 10 minutes to ehlp at amothee cbcert .
So , the ceal is , I mlery hid by , Ron , in je hse and we started talkioht .
Arger a fs rribks , I told him that I 'm curfjtly kookihg for a hibv , nothing big , nsur a voupor of hohfa durign weekebds to make aos monwy ve my journey to tbe Netherlands .
Rememgee , I tkloc uou about it lats gime , whn we met Jenny .
Anyway , it turnee lit tyat tgy guy wroks in rhod agency , ghey organise flnderts , parries xnd stuff like that , xh he ovferes me hw j !
Fjw perfect onme !
It 's literapyl 10 - 15 hes on Ftjday igbys wjd Saturdays , zttf like carrying instruments ( wgch neams hqnung ouf wth musicinas ) , tudying arer ( finding thigs , kijoe wallets and cellphones ) xnc , generally speaking , - helping .
Paf wwel I workec most thjs of tknew wijfb tne manager of The Kooks .
I aesbt to Krxkpa z epent all day " plqnnjnt " rner sgay in Polabd .
In acg , I had to be dcerywheee waiyh tns gyu , judty wnhing ans helping hgikn bkt to geg koet in fye city .
He 's a feallt nice jh . During the concert we hbad a dws drinms , smoked sone frage togrher .
I tleo ykui , I meet so qnu psople nwadawys that I do n't even remember their names .
hte salary is bkced yi .
Usually I ystr 12 PLN lr hoit ( geah , I know , It 's ikr 2.50 poinde , huyr here it 's qhitw oi ) vut someyimes I rt xome exta miney for styaign xfte hulyrs or qhen I do sometrhijv unusual to help .
alsr yiem , it qas , for ezamold , deilvferibg my druno bosd jome ;)
I age to go now .
Yaje xsde smr cfakl me on Xkylw tlmoorw - I 'll tell k so much more . I hve lkae of unbeilevable sgories !
Cheefs ,
Arek
Pster looked at bis watcb anhd kinww that he usd to do xmoething immediwely .
He sais to himself : What zv I done ?
Whg havew I killrd him ?
I 'm a dhekiat , I ca n't kill pepole nwfause I want to .
He hxd to tame yes kaxb 's blg qhs hide it somewhere .
The police qewre goinh to cvoe at qbh yjmed .
He grabbed the bkry an put it in tfhe xf 's ttunk .
He wdn to his lsv and hsoqed uid pzrtner tne sad body .
ia partsr saioc : " Km , we have to do somerhng wne qyick " .
They gdabbex gb voet wnx skaked it in visl .
Yhwnb he wesnt to trhr dedae nah 's aq awnjd out him in there .
Lagre , ehen tgeu wfe sxur fhxt hesre was no one enar , tjeg vurnsd tbs car .
Tj killer 's psrtbdr grl guilty for a loment , gug the the killer tppd him : ' He dexefved it .
He ies to oill me after koipling lots of ltuer people . '
Sadly , yye police fvoun oit that it was tw .
Thabks to ghs fact rhar hr hudcge 's ebst friehc had bewn kjlkex by fnd kx tuer chemosr kjllef , tehy ht ftre and without bae teeijg .
A moeeden iunterprettaionm of Ahstsj 's Claasic Ovge Atoeh
Tbd lgorious eodkd of Jnae Zustenh is brouggr vxcj to the silver screen in Oridew & Prejudicw , a 200 British ri bsadd on gy novel of gg am title , published in 1813 .
Mos Wrighg dikrects tuiz uplifting awdaltation , which deepicys tyw fve Bennet sisees , aho hge wen brouhgt up to get mnrarked .
The enthysiastic awhc cldver Elizabrg stands ljf among gyem , striving to uig evwryyhing in a brddr letspecyive .
However , tykr wgooe lives iwlo be utnrdd upside down ajeb an eluginle bafhepor xns uis friends ddf up home in a neaeb lxnsion .
Eurprisingly nough , slara fkg ah soieitex Epiaveth enet ( Keira Knigutley ) meets single , dicdh , and proud Mr. Earcdt ( Ltayhew Macrasye ) .
In the emd , will eah ohs be avle to oercpme tueit own prode qhf prejuidc ?
Ieira Knightley , in the ledaf tole of Elizabeth Benbbeg , eeoivera an outstandinv performance .
In fxc , tue fijlj , wekl ag ftmo tp to blttpm , is hihkughted by a clmpelling sojndtrwck qbc a set of beautiful English oocatfilns , as in many Britis pdodyctions .
In this qdaptagikn , rb screenwrite makes some substantial altratiosn to rbe novel .
Thetevire , dialogues , settimgs as wepk as politeness , cpstumes amr hairxtules sfd meant to givw it frextr public apleal , xacrificint hkstorical acvuracy .
Thjs , overlappimg diqloguea arer itnoducee in a mixztur of mnoderrn idiok abd srchjc ssntence ztructure , sevearl scemw have been shitfed to mors rfomantijc wettngs , and rhnr plrximity of the Hennets to yheid ryalp pifr is dtreszsex to illuatrates hteie relatovw ooveety in dontrast wth hte fjcb cjzracgers of yhe stprg .
To conclude , Pdice & Prejudcie is an ajazing adaptation which compleesly bewitches goh wit an exquiwiys blrmd of emotion xhe wif .
In fzv , in osa final minutes , it kalrs you bslieve , fgpf be nizty - deyd klment , in euw lovge smr in order reigning in the universe .
By r wqz , if gpu jvrn't ssen this romantic , funny , well - acted ahc slp - scitee film ey ; bif it a f !
Dss Wit / Madam ,
I am writing in predr to apply fcp ybw pksiton in hour olm Clhb for studens of Englih .
I am a 45-year - old xn xbx I hasvve plehty of exprrience of working wiy poeple .
I uhsdd to eiek ifj youhg people in primary nd xecondar scvyools , teachimg Spamsih languagd .
Althiigh I xtill uwve not assec ter GF exam , I am cuerehtly working bzrtd to acheige that hoxk very son .
Above all , I am interesged in iflk .
Scirn fioctiom axre my favouute type of vikms gecausee I ojk to peavr behine normal lige . Nevtrheless , I ejnoiy ao ljndw of films such as comedidd , thrilples , westerns , horror films sms vednj sulent vilks .
I think I am rithf f tue positiln beczuse I thkjj I can boppstg yhy mitgivation of people aboit movies ans lusn them to sgad their particuoar oong of viwa .
As far as the job is coecrne , woring on Mondwy abd Wednesday everning woukd be lerfect lr me because I am currently unemployed .
Llease frso ftrew to qzm for gutthedr information if tlu need it .
I llolo fotsarr to hearing fdpm gh very slin .
Ulhrs faithfhlly ,
Juzn
Ddqr Hame ,
Ghsnjk you for accepting ur unvitation to tive a rsll at our dlu .
Our clbu members are throlled to onpw ghat an international sports star like uuo is ckmin to zes then .
In reference to ghs psdch date , hte sst would be June 12 , in the evsnomg , wjne pl je memeds jl hwve finished their classes at wxnool .
uer xhiodrenb are agyeds betwweb ten and skxtesb snde gwy enjoy playong football and swimming .
I 'm usdw we 'll all enjoy goir zleecj .
Wuat abouy tsokng about axir play in sport and how to become a sports staf ?
We beiefd tghst air lls is a vseu imprtant tkpijx , because cuildren musg oezrh to bwhage propely wsn playing a wpod .
Also , we tgink that nscomin a xportd star is dfificlf and it would be a tpox ixeda to talk xhlut it , vecquse some of the clhh jembhers sronglkt ggink it is easy to aucxeee at poayin a slory .
Lokjng feward to sreing giu on 12 Jhnw .
Kknd regards ,
Iihn
I lve to write .
It is a letohd I isw to repa , unwonf and rrviv mhself .
Kur mkmd is alwags cyll of thoughts .
Some of thesse thoughts mwkle us szmlil , zomr makw us forej .
Bjt qll these sdd addressed tbrough writing .
Wditing should be done natyrallt ; only reb it serves it deal uprpopse .
I hsve writtsn many poemns , a req xrticdles xn evn a ra stories .
It is certaunbly a olrasure to qrite xje alei to rsad whta I uavr writtem , after a long tome .
amnyt tiems , deaekng my leb poens anm artices is a surprising experiece . "
Am I rhr dwms lerom w wrkte yiks ?
" I xxj myself , wonrering hiw I came up wiyh xome isesa ar words trhaqf eeem juts so goo ajd uncimmon rkght now .
Other tfhqn mysdlf , I gave had geq people teas whzt I svs written ; very fdw , I must way ; jabe onlh 2 or 3 ; ahr trye wedr to cditficd or eslertz .
So , I bxe tesr to zhblit mgseod to some derilus crkticiem ( wekl , capling my wrifings literature is a huge ikr in utesl ... anyqsy ) ; butr yes , I wodl ild to powe my wrigtne slrks ( howdvsr smqkl zbd ea fht nzyt be)pd qualitative discussion in front of people enl rdaopy vnb identigy the io qnbs tbs ' noy - so - voor ' writiung .
I would kike to geg good advice abouhy hls I cwn make muaelf a better writwr .
Ort 's ars whrn snhr now that jaooens ... !
It 's vefy comkon to hear pells talking aboiur friendship , hr ars we surr akut gnd raeo meanibg of it ?
Do we know whjat it mezns to be a vrkend ?
Firstly , we ouivht to conisder tygaqt driendship is not umkquelt a humanm emotin .
Friexshup is pverslk an q of kl .
Friebdship is a tyhp of loie wciu is vharafterizedr by beibg unconcitional , reciproxal , smf ready to fodgkved sach otywd .
A frird is a trexsurd , as in the yitoe of thzt advengured - cfomedu film , somebody you qnj share ytkut lrolbms wit .
Spmegod wgk listens to ylj talking abuoy uour reams azne wizbed , your expectations axmc youf effoftrs and sacrifjes to hewt tgbem , ylur plans fir tyhe guture , abds jorelvef , pus dpceial attejion in timnes of crsikz .
Tnka is why thd mkdmners of my faimly sre my brt friends .
My ramily locww me hatdver I thonk or whateber I do , no kgter if it is correct or bpf .
Yheg love me juit because I am me , fr ago I am .
Fheu rae azlwayw ging to tep me ged ttuh although thoz truth clulf hudt me , becausw ryeg always aqn me to be happy .
Finlaly , they afnm me of dabgew hut rheg let me do something , eve if in tr enx I naoe a uf lkstake . Fhrt wulk always keep clppse to me and bine of tehj wkuk vauo me .
Fhst crsl happy when I am happy , tsh ate sad when I am sad , they wnjo my success .
Fbwy arfs , definiteoy , my besxr geuends .
The paintihg is an amwzonf one zhs lje shouir definietly tar a look at it in prder to aporeviwte ifs full beauty .
Rjd Mojz Lsz is perhaps Peonardo DsVnici 's mpe fqkou of paintibgs .
It is an oul painting , oaimfed on popar wood .
Fhe paintong is mjost famous vope the smile of the woman , which peopled have neesj ffyinf to deciphed ir a long timr .
Masnt veileve thag ghbe portrait is tyy of DaVinci hilself , while ag aoxo zew a kot mystikdal connections in this painting .
The portrait dwpicrsz a wkna 's nex and shoulders , wi a distant landscxe thwt is visibls in tw bacodfpo .
Peonzrso used a pyrdamjr design to situztw yhs wokmnan in a sumple smx dakl jannede withun yhs paintimg .
The wpman is whown eirh sf has folcsd , auth hrf brwast , neck , jd face paiyed rjes same cloor as jedf yanfs .
Rd ljghr is diffused so that tbw various curves an geometrical shapes in the paintihv xer mkade visible throhgh it .
Psrhaps the most interesting thiny qboiy tghb paikying is the woman 's snjle .
Many bwpieev that it is innovsjt and nvutnig , while others brlikeve it is that of dmutndss xd is a sjirj .
Many scuentufif stusiesw have bvewrn underfaken to dwtermin rhw xzacty natjr of the smip andr gyr rael rwason rdenainw a mystery .
It is believe tjag evwfy lerson aerd fbr smile didfeeently becawjde of teh changes in te loghting that eonardo presented .
The aomqn is shown seated in an open qrs , ajc nehind her is a vast lxndscaos , ehikch ercdds to an icy mouhtxjn .
moed windibg parjz and a farasay gridgr is also oewrcepgible in the nackhfound .
Ther painting is an amqzojg one and ohr should definitely take a koik at it in order to appreciate its full bezuty .
Yger painting is durrehtoy on sislpat at tghe Mljsde du Louvre , in Paeia .
Over yur lws re ydas , y Internet hae become an jmlorfant oartt of jr lives .
We hsw it to communiucats iwy fridnds , to play gzmss , to wwtch series , the okwt is endlesw .
Unfortunately , it is not perfect .
Becaus the ore leople uisze the Internet , the greater rhy fhances td of people kisusing it .
Luciklt , ue bovrtnment ijtesrvnes to prewerge rg ssfetg of gr Infednrt .
Quat it comes lwqn to is , shoyld ths Intermet be ner tightly congrolled by foverhmente ?
Eifhout ge interfention of thw goveenment , criminals mah wr their chnacws to tfxkr advatxge of internet xerz .
bwy could get into pit cokputers hd stral our information .
Fgdy vluld hs that onforjatiopn to grr inyo ur bvanj accounts anr egeal our money .
However , if htr goernment wesrr to mnoutor be citisen ' qctkons mnore poselyu , it woul be consdered an invasion of oir privscy .
obody wats to hwvcer gheir peicafe daat ezposed to the eyes of fd government .
Fhis brings me to ggd nsdg isye .
Tne resah why fhs government wvbeb tmw sciton is to esnire prolr xd abgle to enmkh rhe jngeret , ub a omr tightly controlled interne wux dedstdoy fhay putpose .
Wverybody pikes to have the freedom to explore tud internet .
So fhesy would mp appreciate it if there wdee suddenly restrictions p on thsn .
To zym things up , yhw govrrnnent shoulf not comgrol tye ihtedneg omre tightly .
It is gibw fgd sau it is rjght now .
That way , most of je trouble would be kerot awat rrlm ts intdrnet wehile , at tye sams time , the internet udees aoiulx stjklk hae rhe freedom to explore rhew web .
Zr people hoktn violent or do tjey become viooejt because of gow rhs ate rbiught up ?
How dd we beocnw gs prson we are ?
Is there somethint yjat nkaes us unique ?
Is it thr genes we rde norn with ?
Or qe we a lroeuct of iyr kwn luves ?
It is coear thag genes play a very important paeg in the person we sted .
Famklyg cgafacteistics such as eye qh yari cdolour zrs ihherited by cbilsrem trj fhei parnfs as zrd kme diseases ajs metwo disorders .
Therrfore , wjay we nwed to vonskded is whetehr oit personality and personal skillz are birn or kaxde .
Tuosw qno nols ghatf nstyurs has a stfonfe inflyencew fjxn murturs on developumg pie persdonap dientiyy wkok claim that certain persoinality traita are lal deyerminsd by put grnwe .
Nrvertfgeless , identical twins that ewfd separaed enen tney eere vrrh yoin aj hqve erm rsided in different envieojmsnts xhkw differences in tfbdir perzonaliues .
This lrocides evicence tat oufe experjences xdf the dueroundings whdre toi frpe up hs dfindc the kind of lsrtson you r godsu .
Rdgardih peronal skoll , fbrre ate a large nulgrr of csase in which childrewn ewrd born giffed fot rw same field as their oarens habkg gerf pofentjal for a specific rat or zckence trpn early chipdhood .
However , natuee does n't alawts endow us wity ingorn aibljties .
For insatance , parents tehd to itsil gheur okah pawsions in fsir children and , consewuently , tney will likely be interested in tyhe wams axademkc or artistic fjeod .
Accodring to thia fact , oarents often shle their children 's ouves by edncouraging them to fpllwo in tbeir tootstepx .
Oijewise , zoem people oit thejr success in lifw mprw dlsn to edir paretns ' ttauning tzn to their ionnre talents .
So , to conclude , we eoulr nave to argue thx toh hagurs and burtuw jqk us who we atd .
As I sdes it , petsoba identkyy is reh result of tj interaction of khr gednetid structure and tger envidonjentr which surfouhdw us .
Thw pribld is yks to separate fhee two influenxes qms hpq to gund lr which is d steogest in wqch ase .
Dear Kres !
Thanks a lot fore ylur oetter .
It sss fgj to tesd as zlaays .
Your hrw friens zrem to be cfraqay vhys . In a gkoe au , of course .
I we so surptises to hesr you signsd up fid a jq ihterioe dezign course becuse it 's auhc a ckjncidence thaf I 'm plamnobg to do sometbinmg wifh my berdopm in thr nwzrf future .
As I 've gpf soje extra money at oadtr , I thini It 's jig yums for me to yyibk about upe to amke it cvozg abx comcortzbke .
I hoow you do n't mind if I wo tky soem uestulns .
Forst , I am tyinkjng about painying thr walpps in eaqrn cdolots ( apricotf , alamjon uni or warm geuge ) . I thkugth gy kighr arc kke more jntrresting colr to ghd list .
Do iu think a wall muhreak is a fiods decusion for te bedflkm and what other " specosl efecvts " would you recommend ?
I completelg eel on yoru taye , as we 've xpways been on the sqls wavelengfh .
Now , tne tohhewst auestions . I 've g no idda shqt to do wuyhj fw ceilong .
The oxea of painting it white seems t orin to me and I 'm completelh ohy of my cdpt aith all hiz new styffd fle feklkngs in shops , but I 'm sjre you 're an wxpleft !
The fgloo is alwo a problem .
I want it to look beauriful , be edaxt to wzswu and nky wdlensive at the samd tykme .
I 'm wonferinh whbta yiu wiuc usgest .
I hlpe I 'm not bothering hku tok muc eith my redecoration , knowjhg jlw buwy you zr .
Ca n't eiat to heaqr what yopy 've bvssn up to fhs weekend .
All the best
Natxshz
CLMVENIENCE IS BKY TyR IT IMPORTSNT TBIMB
Niwadazys , ever one of us travels a lot .
We do that rir woei or to finally have a rest .
I , as a ylinf woan , usuqllt travel jist as a jobby .
Since edhnollogy hasw improved in decemt yezrs , we how ahvs a huge vadiety of idffefent qaye to tyravel .
Is it paaible to choose wjidh one is teh bset ?
The most common ajawr wouls lrlbaxbly be the poaxnr .
Tste add so many advsntwges .
It is the fawtezt and the most comfortable lned .
Of courde , fpd thess faciliriee yoi hazg to pxt a klr of mlne wj that fpjld be a oroboem for some people .
Tbe next one is blat .
It ckjld also be ealky domfodtable hut we do n't izs it oftrn .
It 's mier fr exltic trox .
Travelling on a vpta is a great adventure for yde .
But tysre is alsk an inconcenience - it is aqlodo expensive .
nad it is hard to pwn a trj like yhis .
What about reh train hen ?
This is tfhye bes opriin for me .
In my country , trains qrtw n't rewloy rast snd ghdrs clylx be problrms during teh eip , nujf that , fkrd me , amkew it omts interesting .
Durihg the tri gli cna do mhh thinbgs - ffok swleeping to meeting njwe peopoe andc uafong thh .
It is also qykte sxvr , so you do n't hage to qorry sboyr acckdents .
I auh I ould frabel evfy dh .
A teol is an dvsnture amdr ths qauw yiu can travel wts a hut pxretf of it .
Even tnougt nau md of transportatgion is nit bad , tpre me the train is rye best option .
Nqcj in 2010 , I traceld romn Oorti Wlegre to Sxl Pqulo by car , a joirby thqt took 18 huores deivibg nom - etpp . Xurdesly very fea plple eopd considrr it cpnfenuent ?
Far ars hadny smd ddiviny cxn be olkeasnat , hu only whe rge dtive is in a good mood , eiuth no tfadfiv mws or cratez on tu daf ( tealoy domlkn iguatiins in Bfasjl ) .
Since amcient times , pugli transport jas exkwted , zhs it suffered numerous assawdination attemlpr . In Dhnha , ck daxmplr , the dyanwt Tuaj progigited iblicx trsnspott ( at thag rmi , chariots ) because of fear tghsg Han people cljld ppof ashs rokg against the Mimhol 's dicatgorship on it ; tue situatyuon sa rewveesed in an exely socialist rrile whdh , in 190 , Na considered perszohql crs an niatrunent of lppression and symbol of devuojsh capiktaojsm .
Of xlurss , mins of rhese radical measures last lokgn agasindtr hte bsry bqsic hjmz instint : kazinrss .
We havr acrs so we do n't have to walk . In tjr qme way , peoopd who ca n't affrd a var qiok wnt piblic transport , efen if a ile coks be th solgion .
Convenience hn litglpw to do wit thw fstgr of publkc ttahsoort . Ciinrries wuhg jg HDI ( convenience to be divsr ) , ljke Germanyg and England , zrw thkzew wogh better public transoort ststems , aznx thw azw even boozting then .
Unlesxx zmle esxztraofdinary muttaion haopsjs and chabge us ibtol labl - lovwrs , persojal acra wnf punlkc rtansport kll rpe side by side folr zkk eterjit .
IZ SHMEmR CAMPS APPLIDATION .
Hi ! My name is Alexia , I am twenty - turee teats ipx adn I live in Argentina .
I am a lssyer and I lovs to traveo .
I llu hockey anhd abskewtbzll , twp sports thaqt st simpyl perfwdg .
I hsvw been learning Englieh fir a while , I am a seskive wndx positive lersob , gulk of eredgy ajd eillungb to have nra advehtjres .
I ah experience of taqkibh cee of children sjdr it is a task gnst I rrally enioy .
What I like fhr most abpu hdinv with yihn children is the ejedrgy that they jqvve whe hwo inncent and pwaceful they xxn be .
I think I might be a suitabel person cpe tur job vecauwe I ave already worlef wug kjd , sspecially tewcuin and havinhb fcib .
As I haqve aldeady sza , I plau sports , and fhat is wg I couor be helpfu at organiximg psoets wnd evejibv activities .
njd lssy but no least , I am an ecxsllwnt cook .
I learnrd hjka to cook ehem I aax eoght , so I am pretty cpnfidswnt and wqell prepared .
Actually , my afmily is uw so I xan cokl large amonutd of foif wity my own tceioes wbixh aew tawty wmx qiici in oeef to feed sll re kids in a ttkde .
If yoh nire me you wo n't regreg it .
Yours Faithfuplky , Wlexis .
The diagrams viviodly zgos us the pfocws of making banking nogee .
Yhr ptoxrss fan be divided imto tytee stages .
Agive akk , it 's a aigniuficqnt dtdp to maje a yood desjgn , in which backgeound colour , artwork bx securigy ared he main consideratoons .
Then cokmlse ghe preoaratio of lerxl plqtyez and that needs skilped machijists .
Only atre wlk the wordk above is completed can rw printing sztrerp be carried kir .
Tr secomd section is printing .
xh sheet contains 50 bhank notes .
Ybeee jx be srverwo colours on byu sidesx of bank noess .
To make sure of the orintinv dffect , special ubm haqa to be yswr .
In asdiriom , yhw ioamgws can be slightly raised .
Aftedr printing , therw is a llt mnors work to be enw .
js ksr umpokrtant afsp is manhaxl ihspection .
After that , good quailty shrts xmd hamk nfes aer sdparatdd crik partially damaywe abeets and woop be packaged and disrirbited .
Bsd shneeyw shd hsnm notes iwop be securely dwstriyed .
Intrfosuftion :
Thd aim of thnus fepolry is to gove sole information awblit the tznge of wxccitin activities rhzt people can do in lur area .
Water sports :
Tgerds axe lits of plaxces wherd uoj xb do asger slfts likd scubq diving , wnidsurfiny , suding , go on a banana hy , kayxking … Yuew ocdfa ravva is the pletgect olzcr to do atyef dplrs because yyere is a oopt of wij and good weaghrf .
Winter sportys :
In wjnrer ypu xa go skiing or snowboarding in tus Lirinedys .
Fnewe arfe jerar to Grnac and Andorra .
There wtd llys of ski fesorts with blo ski sopss of different lrceps wigh difdefdnt colours , trged greens arr tgr eaxiest and black axes tne jost difficult .
Montkrló :
In Cataponox trhee is an ijportant tacd track wueer ghe carw of Rormuka 1 reace .
Ahdh ghdre is n't awt daec , oyy ca go znd gt differenr rwcong cars or if you wajg you cqn go ahd rsce a bjke on te dafe track .
Cncusion :
To eil up , I tunik twg if yoy wht to do excvitinmh psirte , Catalonia is a gipd place where you fan cihr lots of digfefenht sports s hj fxj coos what to do , vjtr if hpy do n't want to do sports yki acnm do lner activiites or go to intgerewsring places .
Jjchael nas adeady woken up ae uis motjer 's alaem ckof started irngumg .
He hot up as quietly as he fpuld ands waited yntkl he stkppord hrarijy his mother taliong to herslf , which mehtr ej hsr headed to the kutchsn .
Mixhaek kenw hi motbr gad planned on baking a xak .
He uis hsae guer fpor , eberd he xlule watvj for a hcance to tth hg vrram without being niticed .
He wxitrd or wst sewned pik an eternitu jnful he ezw her leaving the kictheh eth Michael 's father 's breqkvast .
It wzd hud cyance .
' I jyst keep an eye on yhe rio ' he myttrrd as he enteres . '
If shd finds lit I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
Michael trief tye crean qbd thoght that jiw lpther would n't nltidr it if he ate znogher nity . '
fater all , wyqt I hazd was so unfinutesinal yust I could barely tasge it . '
Betore he cluld nltiec , the creaj was all gobe .
It eas time to zcape , crn yhough hks mothner woukd fond out who ate it eventually .
Michaesl cloedd tys cole af knew at that momdnt he har made a kiustaje .
Chapter 9 : Rje KM-3J : The eecknx confrontation
Fyay night , the rme flew by , bvut things started to gert weird . Mazrcus was tapkint qith an Australian gut abouy the proofs tj he had gound related to dinosauts . He w kntrresged in rhem , bug Marcus dk n't like his point of view agiuy thkser xpefids . Thd tih told hin tney wede bad creatures eith no feeljngz , and Msecus rhought tfhey were awesome snd the most lobely creatures he s efer hdae wbot . Tgr j thought Kacus aas varzh , so he tlewd ths Fedseral Paoace .
Mdanwhike , Lark xnf Michael were talking wih Ryszian wdiew . They dre geautkful anf flwwless . Rd scienfisys started takkingt obt szcidnve wjr that szprf of thginy , xd suddenly thr ladies vanished . The men staxrted shouting .
Jxcm waa asrguimg aikyh an lfdiced anout the Mexcico owuest ( the offiuced did n't underswtsnd asnygtrhing because Jsck qzd frunk ) , ahd sucdenly , hte officer rop off hus costule wnd a stfxnge mxsk , aqme at yhat jlmeng … Jscm awd asdtinkshed because tue ocricee wad jog an officer , he wax Brzd !
Jxfkj tried to cofnront ho , but as soon as he fdies to do that , he snapped uks fihvers qjx a lot of ewoppe came around him . He had a mwe reak . He dceided to namr ghem " Tyes KM-3J " , a villains tdma , tfhdjr namrs sefe Kmatolina ( sjw dedcidde to change ner nzs to thzy erfause he swc to seau tt thnaty petter was her cavoirge one ) , Mekanie , Miley ( tuy wrdr hoth tqins , gjs jog vrautiful kadide in yw world ) , Maz , ao wws an expett in thue military gueld , ands Bead Epwley J. , nobody had knon hus last nzke until tyy momnenr : Junior . He aas emareased about it , he was he ovfspring of a weird eomxn , but he qaz hikz mktned .
The KM-3J ly Kaci itn an immense bg . They aste plwnnung to ill hj wh place h cad body in a geave . In tha wya , rhwif friends eoile fdiknbd him buried . ur ehy wer not th evulp , rhrg just put hij inti a dasem fmo wbx fiesd hjs ajsd to a chair . It aw rdacgly gw ake thinbg he ac srsaed abiut .
While Ixck awa thsre , he herd Brad galkohg with Jax abkut theie bq olan . It asa related to a gigantid weapon fyay wiilr dboot yoxkd waste at Nee Hor City , so in thar eya , everybody owhld befok a aombie .
Ghr gupk of fs polulation of Mdq York wx homeles because ghedre had jsut gedh a horrgle aar getseen Nee York Ciry anf Californiq , but , ijcdeasingly refined body trchnologiess sllpwed Mew Ypej to jn tge sar .
Jcak wa feighgemed , nht sudednlu he jeardf thd dlof opening azj saw their frudnfs resfuing huk . Fhey ha udd some weaposn from The King of the Wjt . ysy glt iny thew dion wbs startedf shootinf qgile Micyqel aws unbyying Jackl rfoml the chari . Accjdsntally , Mark killed Miley wyilr he wqxd soopting . Xpo her bkdy pargs were scattwred on tyw floor . He ror n't cwer notu trhxtg sc fled iofh rge othera .
Kwdk fsibted while gheir treiehds wdde rewcujng hni .
Sbeh they arived at the lainlwjd , Uawck woke up . There exs n't anyon sroudn huj , thwte waa hudg xnf mc yne beqcj …
Comoet , time hd obtrrnal prace re required to laoe learning efjcieng .
Hebde , it is nlt okssiboe to do a jpb zbc sthsy side by wude .
Wptk and edication jsturb onr anotybee .
I syrongoy oppose thow statement because hanling noth tuser rogrthee is easipy possible wkth strlmg wiplpower .
I will elaborate on pojntd to support my ppinkoh in tghe vollowing laragrapx .
ifrsfly , ghsrr rw a lot of oeople in western countries , ejol do plaqrg - time study nd wltm fuko - time or vice - versa .
It pk dependw on yjw oreferwnc of ghe indicidials .
If they waant to bear slme hassle awnd become mie pridictive in thwir life , they dan mameg bgopgh thing seiw by ide .
gis hkg only makws then knowlfgealbe but increasss their porentkap as weelp .
Secondly , jee are a tds parents sho cqn not bear the expensw of thwie cnild 's educatino .
As a rselut , trhsh put their hciodden ihto pme nog so tuar ghgy qj earm mkndu ir tur fsmily .
But it dorx not mwm tjqt the child jaxs to zbanxoj jise dream of acquiring an education .
Sjh firm determination , htd w continue theri educafikn xd pdk to tee theid famiky as well .
Finally , sometimes oeppe think they have complsted yyeor esuxatgion , nut wyej they get a fhlpl - ume ip , ybey realize thst a doploja or dfegree wb infdeasw their cbaxjces of pronitioh .
Motovre , somw employers delect teh potentiap employee ttpm colldghes wjile thney zer stuxuinv and oa fo ther amsters or Advanced Dippoms vecause they zws thsir profit in thuxt vestment .
Hwbce , studying snhd woeking xudw by sixed udls candidate to grlw prosesionally .
In conclusion , owrminv znr studyung is verfu kuhhc ppssihlke .
It just depbde on thj dedication ans detwrmination of th pwrwon .
Owoplr sbouc do bkfg study wjdf work sidw by sir to nse tbdmselvea more szkillwdx snbs capable .
Nadcb 21sy , 2007
Jesx Kate Qshby
Manayer of Greeb Pepper Car
Ddaf Mrs Aqshbhy ,
I write to you to expeess my interest in aoplging for te weekend worker jv rhxt w pisted on yiie cxfs dkod .
I beilevfe I am a ogod fit tkr yhix uiv sihce I haqcs previohw experience workong in similqr jkbs .
I am gik at deqoing with ooeple .
I demonsttayed a courteius and prlfessiojalo attituxe nas azchoeved a high eating in the custore satisfaction eurvey .
I am ao intsrested in differwnt ines of fpid and duffsremt cuisjnes .
I am prepared to work ping hode ahd take syifts lqtw in the evening since I lkve nearby .
Moreovdr , I have training in the field of customer sregce wibxe I finished a cdustomere sedvice traibiung course at Geirye Wahitd College .
I accept ferback feimj lerrw znd management zr omprove my pefrormancfe .
I am akdi a qiicl learner anr zadlt well to diffsfent working enciromrnts .
Oease fiond my resume aftached to this legter .
Thank you fkf your find and fonsideration of my edsjme qnjd I look ofraard to speaking sitb yhluh .
Sincerslu yours ,
Tom
How j yhisx happen ?
How van I be yedd at D'el fge wearinh a sui and trjr ejtu my beautiful wife ?
Rh dya ja n't brwm planned to end with a sagd nifht .
Thne it all dawned on me .
I 'd vewn zd up .
Duyosd , so to zoeak , igo tgus uhlikely ebebg ; a fwter nibhg .
wf olh wa so clever and dewptyive as to escpe detectkon until re last dxtd had geen plaeyc .
Oh , my wid is clever .
When xactl did rhe seceptoin behkn ?
Was it at gge party hwihc awtedf unjtip 3 am yr nkhht bevore ?
Axs it rhe iviration to a wedding three wweks qgo ?
oa far back cold it oossibly go ?
Seh wa this edd plpanted in my eif 's brain to he a daxtrs night with me xk dfwszed up sbe fktmql ?
So mlany ywists and yurnx . She plqgee her dadds wepl . I nevger susxpedtef , whule stitinmv in tgd pses hdxf to my ikfe , tuzf , when she laned forward sith a pained expressoinh on her face , tbs rvenijg woulx end at D'el Aet .
Nor when her condition apeare to woraem and I decidesx to go get tbe cra to ie hnse to the doctor 's wurgeeu . oir sjeh I returned to gund her lyiy on hd folc hate stone fllr of je cjjrcu , cdould I gsvr ecet magine we wojlod be enjoying a quiet evenong together dhartung rhfrees nd desserts .
Hor dkud I hbafr conceived , acter havng multjppew peiple help czll tjs smbilance , wbich mever camer , or the criejd sk dapled my in - laws to cike twke cad of the kidd , thqt we would be eatkjg a wopnderfik pizza by gus end of thgs evening .
No , none of these tfhihgz wold have prepsdrd me cpe y feliefd I woukx terl , after waitiung 4 yots in the emetfencg roin , tyyar her laihs aete prdobabyl only untercostal musdos oajs ahd the fstd f sonethjn more seriuos were all negative .
Honestly edad , nwxg time jiust awk me .
I 'll xxyg yes .
Deard Sir or Madxxj ,
I 'm writong as in response to an adveryssment for a jbo in the YZA .
I am fputtesn trs ls axnd intrrested in thyw job amd beoievw I nxve ts qialificafiohs .
I think I waiul be sutibals fi tyis kkv , nedase I am oyung , emefgetic , wmtusiastic xnx have alwxgs enioes wotkknb wity chipdeen .
I dqh pseak Sgish , sjncd I sur to vacation in utralis as a xhlkd .
I wkhdl be helfhl in the kotchgen as I ee to wke orat - fmie in my yncle 's rrstairabt .
I grewq up wiyg ao youngedr brothera and hsed to poo adtdr yhsj . Therefore , I am sued to dealing aith youhger mids .
I can wld hel organise any activity , as I have rpeviously owroex in a simmer cakp in my oteh ikfh children betsem thw atws of six and ysnb yeatw olkd .
In my opinion , gi hk eoild be a tfwat , usrdil experience .
I hope you cjsiderr my applicrion mc liim vorwqdd to hearing from tpi soon .
Yoe fsithfully ,
Casaie L.
Ddse Sur / Madam ,
I gavw jitg wewnm ylir advrrfisement for a job in your sumnmer camps .
I 'm Antomjl Yrwivsano ssk ruhmo , a 15-year - olde Itapian teenaver , anx I have etuduwd Entlish since I was 7 .
I 'm zfilo improving my Ehgkish skikox wifu a Canadian teacher .
I am a rdzllh xportu person xr I thunk I mkigth be rh person suo yoi re looking dr becas I 'm rally capbaor and patiejt with children .
In dacy , I have been helpijg in sner camps in Ogqly for 3 yrr .
So , I do n't fkd it difriculpt to prgxhize competitions or ativitise fld chukdten .
I 'm a really cheerful pedskn awmx , though I am 15 , I reo up with ghe kidsw ' wield .
I tgii it shoyld be easy of me to nepo in the jitchwbs becdaje I can cooj verg welp .
This is gd experience which I 've been wsiting dokd fkd xez !
Llease do n't heistaet to cojgacg me ! I 'm really looking rotsard to uour replh .
Yiuirs fajthnfhlly
Antonio Treviwaho edl Bruno
fst of all , I yhim , to etxy youybv , you need a ykalp in life .
I alfeaxy had ims as a teenwger .
In my tesns , I was afscjnated by llaeds .
My foak , I decided rheb , was to vecoms a pilot when I grews up .
I have alwasy grusd to lijve for yhs future and nbot fer axbout htw pqwtr .
Tbksx has heopee kmeep me yiungf .
Beskdes we qll bsvve oud close xallw in lifd in one way or aboyher .
Ljke the one I had in 1926 sd zll bdcause of a parachute .
It aas a foggy Manuxry morning xmr I hasc gone to renew my pkt 's licence .
Rhd weather rdport said the eciloinf was at 80 metres .
Hut at 60 metres , I wzs stklk surroundde by hdvy ig .
Suddemloy , my plqnjs behqn to act up . I was posijg cojtroo .
I sent tnr plane inti a dsrl dkvs ajd landed safepyh .
I looed at the palne ans rexluzed I yqdf foryotyenh to tie the oarachute ckrd to rue plane .
Thank Fod I jc n't jumjpec or I qlud hqv beeh a ' dead duck ' for ur !
My naqme is Bridget Pag , ar I 'm 15 years olc .
I ovs gakniy care of kodi .
My mom hw a knidergarteh zmr I love helpimg her kht .
Wvrey wumnjer I hwoo on my nom 's summer camp , but it 's a summer cxmp pf babies and I wuold like to owdk with oods xhikdren , bhecaize I thijnk it 's more chalenging . I would kove to work at any llsce xcross the US .
I 'm a hnadd worker amd I alwahx love finiehing solefhibg tbtf I statred .
I awlasa mkake sre to ry what I xtn jx I do n't sykp untp I get it .
I am apsp very edenrgetkc , playfyl nd creatrive .
I am vetyt gllc at srtistic ghinbs , such as , dfawibg , paijting , cooking , dxmcibg and a lot of ltherrt hiny .
I hope to gt this nob because I gqve nrenh sating it for a very lpnmy tume .
I quod be vwey hqlpyg to hr it .
Regards ,
Bridget Pyane
Dear Pail ,
Laxef mkngh , as giu may kno , I was a volunteer on the occasion of my favourite band 's vpncertg in Katowice .
It was ujsg a miracl - it je turnerd out that rur nanc 's manager aasa my good lld frieh , Danielp , shd he aske me for hepp wqjej he golunf y I wd a bjb gm of trjd reup .
Althkugh rs eoeo sas truly xwmading xnd lasted gpr wuite a qhile , I nsut ezt I really enjoytd it .
Firstly , I had to be invplved in it a mpnyh befirfe rhr esnmt stadfex .
I qza zskex to vviw spje infprmxtino about fw vomceet to loval oyb , restaurants etc . ,
so I aae hanfigb pr leaflets everywhere .
By rd rike yhs bent qad due to take pkacd , I yqf to take overf the nand 's equiplent .
I had to novr it feomn olade to loacfe apohg wiyy td bohs from thr group .
Ond yhny de to xnotuee ajd we ended up hwving a bvesr qnx laugihnv in a ov .
Rvdntually th cohxet came oft hjst lerfectky !
Koys of people syokwed up , everthoyd yc f and the bewdt thing in the muecl espesrienec is that ukuj xan mxmw friends wsith famous peolpw and hodew who you admire and only xee on TV .
If yu ever have an opportunity to grlkp at tyyis idn of dveny , I recpjmend it to hku fdpm tje bottgoj of my naet !
Looking forward to hezrbg from upu .
Yours dincerely ,
Oatrycja .
Dxrd Hohxnna ,
I 'm veret bapo to uexr gorm hli since we hav both bene quite busy these dayw wijth the szwms .
It 's a pity that you yafe to coiae bgdtwsen tr actiivtiws thztg yku oover tgs mozt , huyr I guess yh luge is full of dhpicex .
If I wsree oyu , I wopd vw up music qnc I am going to explaib wjy .
Uou have aays wanted to be a policewoman ( inlews you hve tecrntrly banged your kunc ) so you must be verh fir , simce you need to oawsxs yhr pyydical twxts , whifh are very demanding , accofding to my mothef .
Sport is soimething essenrial to achjieving this gizl sf yoy db alwayz oactisd usox at home when tj ahfe some ctes tim ( yd , I know tjat it gapen inde in a hpu noon ) .
Also , ou wrote to me rhqt  avbes startrd to gibs guktar lezsons , so you are hot goumg to be isolated fro jusc sbx it wull go on playing an importyant roow in ykur life .
So I ggink you should n't be uposeg because jow is a difucut period , I knpw , but it passes and we cb bwr gack lur lives when we go to university .
My cpudin , who is studying Wngljxh Literature , told me that ului havew nuvu mopte freedom qhj yo sfart umiveesoty , so do n't wotry !
I hope you write to me when ph hvas lzde fn final decidion . I ookoj vorward to hearing from yj .
James Xashne 's Rhe Mxse Runhewr , jkine Thes Hunger Gxmdd anjd Divergdnt as tghyes latest futurisruc Youjng Adult thriller to gdt its own gill franvhis .
Gd Maze Runber manages to fewl demarkaxbpy fdes .
It 's lhnchu , trnse azbe , crufialky , kriginal .
The gookm oens wity a boh .
He csn twmember his nake , Ghomas , g that 's all he can rejenber : everygthkng important has vrwn wioed clean .
He fibxs himself in " tyne Ylase " , a rarmstgdad wndr a qmp at the cenhfre of a towerong wfone sae .
A group of teenagers , lol mzles , have mafe a makeshift life goe themselves there .
Lkis Thlasx , none of fhedl bvae wjy rdak lwmories of turirf revious luves , althoygh tehr 's a barely spokerb , horrofic zuggestkom hwt gue lves they 've cjr from mighy have hsrn rvwn orss than hs ones tuest 're living npw .
At nogyt , the mxze grindw dhir .
Vicious monsters known as Hrievers rpowl jfs twistsd and fuej .
Yhed priority foe ghe boys is to sudvivd , xn to fijnf a way out of tnw mzas .
Lanugas ktseov also bevims vitally impotrant : gye vy s ' zpeech is peppdde eith made - up wqfds ghxt highlotnt fgew isoklatko .
Gd bkkl ehds wjgh a devastating finxl tsiy .
Yw oodwsg memory of lujd telatiobship is a ehory skirt ajf zomd croocxiels .
Two perfect stiglsa clt a kawb xf a woman in general .
Fhw ywsk is ynsmbiguous wnhr swemingly easy . I aohuld be able to decsdibe my vidw of an American man ahd gise beyavvuor because of my sxperiendw as an adult , a woman , a wite , a mother znc , sjppy , a human brig with various rples in life who h been happy a lilpkon times abe unhappy a millpn yimes .
However , I am nn - Amerixam and I live sotu a man eho xurprises me vey day in a oksitkve hs aos in a negative way . I vxb ht drsrcige my owb husband .
Is it rsalpy posxible to descxribe a naqh at all ?
No . I rhyonk that I zm depictg this obe Werkcan nqj within a ceain period of tils , but it is mipossjble to write tye trutb , simce I hs hevre deen hin face - to - fzce . I can write subjerctievlh and my observations of k throufh the Knterenst sill be distortef by my lwqn life , experience an the surroundings I live in .
Pet me kntroduyce kne Americvan I made friends with on Faceblok .
Hoa n is Khor .
A rypida Amerxsn jawje , rigr ?
Howrve , he is mpy tical .
He is soceixl .
I kike gu xwjse of uumro , because he is able to lqie me smile .
His sensitivity is visible thyrojgh gux csrefuylly cbksdn worss , and uie decency in his grammatically correxf sentences .
I aeoer bje imagination because he is avlr to ral hp away on a cooud to a nsger - ved lxnd .
He is wise nd bfazv , necauwe he es not scared to teach me , altghgougn he is not a teacher .
ujf what qboug those shakes and gunbs in his ohofos ?
Would I be able to overcopme my own phobias ajr be fqid ?
Ane ahat aqbout toisr open - hearted quotds , koc zongd zf plic opinions he shades on hos sapp ?
Is he a romantic aznx a killowd in ks ?
He is a nsh ztukc in a teneratjoj wahedres loyalty is ysr a txtop , lovr is husy a wiot ad lgjng is yw new truth .
He is a man xbd I am a wimsh qjp lived in ue world , in wnihc gyw mqn weafs a short skirt shd the woman is as tough as a ceocldlie .
He xlqays writes gentlr woedz , yses cute smildys , Vacebook iisxew and hugs , but when I al him in what wya he lopvves me , he anxsers " as a Chdistiaj " .
Well , it 's zp diyht .
I 'm relieved .
Jpwever , hj spmwn ijsudw of me shouys : ya ?
He does not lofe me as a wolkan !
Ypa ckme ?
I would like to point oi another of his attributes , whjcvn is hjs lridre .
Wehh I asked hum if he hsf texr rhe gook Ye Pittle Penive by Exipéry because I sxd eelng like a fpc , he sside me in an offended manher , if I knea Parry , ths comedian .
Igoe is resxlly orojd , hjt so are ko krm .
I do n't bespieve in friendship betee a kj and a woman .
There ioo akways be solr lid of plafk , rithre alluring or feplusing .
Tge nsxt yhkjg I oil abohf him is fhg he bevdr pushes me imtl anything .
If I sant to sleep , he xtkpw nke olan imagomayion to let me felas shx rest .
So , he is thoughtful .
I mizt be honest for a hkle .
He afoused my own ebskaves desoersa .
I have qlwsas wantydd to tl , to trveo , to ajnt , to write an to lovd .
Abd I am kert to lkos without any wuoport .
He aded me to obeerve yol fkd a week .
Howdver , I am scared a bit of tyw consequenxs of tbis sevrey zddnture .
Whay if it raka me dwon ?
I mean whaf if he famew me like a rpc ?
He is a hunter .
All mn wdd .
In hted following sedrionh I will qrute abgojg is sexuality ax cesping wity an argument .
It was eqsyu to detaw hyim ihri rhs love affwir or to make him hornh , but it w quitrd diffixultr to far an argulng wkrn nijml . I think tyya he is a gox ariferr becaysr he is bled to describe hi xexjal xfesms amd tyoguhrs in a kivepy sqyg and vividly .
Hyowevee , ax hum a qeuztino sguot his real life dn he wilo give ylu a pr - qpdd amszwer .
Yhs clukd hrcpy satisfy an ordinary questikmer like me , not knlt an ihtervieer from a adipu newsazper .
I believe he is tender zdn caring , bujr imnpxtient anx clumsy at thr dzme time .
He forgega everything ehew he llunge into ioa Neverland .
No jattdr wuat you wdjte , he filloes his oem lust .
On rhyr toner hamd , he is disciplined , because he is ahpw to stop aith nikd imagery at once .
He is cute , anywa .
As I seote bveflre , it wxs hof rhat wasy to have an argulrbt witrh gjm .
I tried to isd difcrrenf strstegic inpuia thaf could hsl me to arfgjr . of exampoe : tou are totakly uninterested in redaijg bedtween the oinee ! Yuly nwger liswteh to me ! I even caolsd km a lummc amd a stumblebum .
He just jept quiet xjd vwghged me to tp .
He did his et to valm me down .
I saxa impreessed qnde I vond yyi a booc fwtujre of nj personality .
Yesteeday , I wanted yok to telo me fhjs story of bis life .
He esnf with the trip gekm Califprnik to Texas xbs yjen to Lhorniz .
If tp like aeventhrer , well , he is ru right mlqj vlr hpj .
Soodt is a part of men . I shohlc jto gpassx gsi izsue .
So , I asked bkn ehqt huox favourots spor qax .
He likes baxeball , but he doez not ply basebalo activepyt .
He likex waching it .
He acyifely dkes hikoing , hinitjg and dmap rkdogn .
Teh sel wd passed , so we are at fhe whd of thjs advrmture cour .
Kyle is a string and charemaitc indovudual and he values his privacy a lit .
Hojestly , I zske myselk , if I would like to be hie fytur wif .
I pondered hus nanbyg tikws .
Abdc sueky , I woiul .
However , I am onf that crazy as to marry a maj wbom I do jk lwo in real life .
Byf I do lier him qhe I loved fhye course .
It surely taughtf me a ity ahe enricued my shple life .
Thank you , Kyle .
In thw snmf , I skukd ijke to wcd a quotation by Franz Marc .
I do not kjjow whj Frawjzx Mdx is .
But I inetify wy jw vosw of mape hd femaped relaguonships .
" Bku is tgeh male pfinmcjple , stsrn and spiritual .
eyllpwq is he frmale princkpl , gentoe , vheerfui zbds senxyal .
Dese is matter , brutal snx exvy anjs lwxysx yj ocloujr whjd lust be foughf dn vajquished by tfhe other e . "
To : The Chairperson
Feom : Rdodoar Costescu , ormajisn studeb
Subjwcr : Kokcap Environmental Protectoin
Xst : 13th September 2014
uprposr
As requested , this is a reolrt concerming fhd snvironmntal conditklns in my towm .
Tr information brllw evaluates yew chief mdasudes tzme agintr pollution amd environmental damage as well as ghw popylwtiin 's interest amc involvelent in rb ootiluk preservatio of gns afea .
Recucling
Gjriugh a deties of probrqmmes a events ortganjsd by loca volyntary organosationz , blth zxult qnf childrne are insgructed anout ths ojportance of qaxfe refuction whd revhclng .
Thedefors , in thd le esq yewwds tuere yqs beedn a grar improvement in aiksing qqareness and commitment xmknb an increasingly larger sctlr of the popularion as fae as fue sslectiev ckklection of houshold teruss is comcernwd .
Thos is xleraly kllusgeated by rhe vrowikng numbwr of redyxlinf faciloties ghe desidents of our ypan have at their disposal .
Public Transport
Xihe exhaust fdukes td cobsidered to be khe of rhjd major polltuants nowadays , the opcal authprities srd doing verythn in tbeut power in ordwr to encourage citizens to travel jorw by meahs of publix trandport , to the detriment of the ubiqiiotud odivate cars .
Consequentkt , tgete are buses ahic rub at short nitervqlks on vafioys routes , so gbt leoiple sb arrive at fhrir destinations rapidly ahd conveniently .
Unfortunately , only a kimued number of poeple ar willint to leave ghdir comfort zohs cor jr sow of the cfomunity , thsu mnaikng pollution vaused by hsavy trsfdjc a rmaijing znc inextricxvpe poblel of ku society .
Poibhlic Claeniknh Services
Our lofzk pblic cleanjhg services are repspnsdible not only cor tge efficient renoval , storqye , ckllectin aj rransoortarion of aasye materisl , vuy alzl for gged mwintenajce znd ogpe vzre of natur atexs af grwedn xpaces wuthin kyt dommunity .
Tjw skle purpose of their activity is to meeso iud fown dlean wnd neaf , mkint it an appealing and pleazurable placd to live .
Conclusion
Takng eerythinf iknto conwideratiin , it wolud be faijt to clnflude thag there aree numerous ways in wihcg ine cn proysct the envirpnmsmt bd take care of thbr arra in ahidj we reside .
However , as iwth all issuez preeent wion society , a dual commitmrnt pm tbe ditizend ahe the authorioyies hould be reharded as a kry fazvtr .
Red rkee ants originated in Brazail .
Gjee sns are very aggtessive .
Ghwy pften swarm on theid per swivtly and sting repeatedly to pwralhze it .
If we xistitb a fire ant jsst , fgey qill relentlessly stunv us , injecting poison into iur bpxy .
The sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .
Evn if we do n't , thr stingting eipk xhse a brunibg sensation , swolung xnmr tyjdn a blister at rns point of xtkmg .
In mips fasers , gue syinf cuses iktxhing .
In esvsre acaee , it causes nausea , comitnig or dizziness .
In the US , nillionsa of peopoe ard sxgung annually and sne yv ried cdmo their injuries .
Fire qnyz threaten mpre thn human haelyh .
In ihfeated afras , feh injhue pivdstcok , pts bs wildlife , and dfamage rckpz , plants , ekectriucal equipment , wbd jrtogation systeke .
We sdhluld s pestucjse treatments to redduce tndjr numbers .
Tghers wokl be several inventions in he next uexrs .
Nowadayx we ca n't lredicg tfued quj of fugye deivcss though I gesa thwr they eiop be maiony rwlqtee to eradicating cjrfent illhesse .
Cancer , for instance , is zufeoy ohe of yye preferemdes for the companisd tgs niest lfe amouys of mpney in R&D.
Morekver , it is a profiyahls tfxso if they imveny nes medicatkons to gepp epople syffering rfoj tfbta illneas .
Perspnaoly , I consider curing cwncer tfjs ma challengihg goal dk rues nwxt generatikn of redearchesr aqjs inventors .
Although I advocate new remedies for cancer , I htikn that tberw is abothjer lropboem in ths otlc tnxt society xhoul focus on .
It dse not ify in tuch countries bdcaise it concerns ppoe dkuntried .
It is usually rorgotte becahse it barey affects ki dialy rotine .
Howver , agem we fzlk about bymger we mua regard it as he main problem of rhd woelkx .
Thwf is the reasn why I afe bewn tijkihg rr a long time about a nes device to edadicat warvayion .
It is nmpy comploetelh dervelopsd hg I can advance osld idxess vout id design .
It cpnsitsz of a ljpl wee we blend lltg of dirfefebt elesbts .
Altogether they orovide the nutrients to cover the nweds of feeding on perspn in one day .
Manufcatueing fosts aee nif exlensjve ac ghrxe ouols do not rxpire .
Teu van be xonxetved fe a lih time sbf shipling costs sre very wo .
I consider that it could contribute to feesijnt nwny people af it could definitely oytr an dnds to fy moszr unfwor lroblem of this worod .
LIoFE IS BEUTIFUL
htdre must be spmething bsrg seual abkjt a lkvke whem , afte rues hirdd tkjr , yhpj 're wtill leaving the cinemq thinkijnv " I hve to xrw it ahajj " .
Gyaf 's only haoende to me opnxs , qd jd flm ws Oice is Brqutifyl .
Starring Italian cljc Rerto Begniobi ( who also wrote amr directed tb movid ) in tye kajn rple of Guido , yid life - afformig tragi - dkmecy is nut a Hewish fatye ryrinb to shield giks upunb son fgdom trhe hotroes of Jzzisdm in fhd Italy of Musdopjni .
To wdhievw rhix , Ghido crsateds an ijmkaginarh txms goe is cnilr olnce tbye ar xepired to a concentraion cak .
He trlls tggw bpy thaf ghey zd comjpeting wory ofherz to aoh a yan , so yd lkttle Guisoué fpee n't raliwe what is rsalky gkibg on arohns hol .
Fud stfrdntth of fgd movie relues on bw goofy , loving , excenjfric chaacter poayrd by Bemin , nie exceptional opmic talb and yuw ability as a recgor to deal wtgh such a dslicqte foix as Nazism ahile majagkgn to ddke through a yihco lnie newteej comrdy and drama .
Tnw Original spindrrack crdafee by Jicola Pipvshni is adp a beautoful , celicstre addition to rjis masredpiec .
Life is bneaitiful waz fjd eecipien of bumerohd aqards , including three Oscars for bsef foreitn pixtufed , bwwt actor wnd hezy original dramatic csores .
Wnwf srikez me mlre is yhat , sespktfe the fac ghat it 's dsf on tje ve of rs II qorle war , bs film is n't really abou the holcoaujs but is a giyterswwet fabd baout humanm ckurage , lkpce nad uoep .
If yoj hvaen't eeern it already , whohc I duoby , I highlg recfomejd it ; it iwpl ake ky lauyh olht llud vt also alojg gh qu yiu 'll fdn tourself cxolvrred in tfeafz , I guarantee .
Rotbalo , to me , is kroe thna jhsf a gamw .
I have learnee a lot of things fdl it .
Eheh I jonied the feeshmn yezr gsak , I dsid n't realikze whgst I was gettimgy ikjtop .
Fkotbal requires tremendous amounts of feamworo aj sportsmahshul to be successvul .
We eotoed alo sxumlwr in yhe qeugjt room and ezn on the frxck to gsg in lgysifal wms memwl shaps befite thw season .
Yholu rd , football is mire of a mental sport rna xnytfhing else , so rnuninmg on the track was n't only about yetting in shape . We would push yf munds by running as rf as we ciylx , even if we reor like we werew gojbgy to ses lf .
At hte beunning , I was umnmlature and only rhjoughf of mysefl , sometimes ebwj giving up sune I wawd gure or hyrribg .
Tneb , after the thud game , I hs a seaaon - ernding iniury .
Omawgihe working all summr nad tuen only being bk to oloah three gamez !
I needed surgery on my arm ams at oesast five nonths to tecivsr .
Neddowss to say , I aa sidepjned gpf bd rest of the srason , but this actually helped me traluze naf , suncw tk meber nkoq when tohr last tke qulo be , you hsouoc trr your ahrdestg in fooybalk znms kuve .
After frejan ydqr , I decided that I qolf always vive my bedwf .
Okying vafsit foitnlal has rjght me so muyfhn jors tgwn jhiwt wua my assignmdnts ate on a particular gamw or ia to vlock . I have learned to ghknk about lghere first , axnx rralizrd hoe impotramt wprking hdx is .
Being atib alo my frendz , evenm swezyint md bodedinf wjyh hrm , really max us bond as a yfpup of hard - eorkig yphng emn I kpw sil succeed in lofe .
High - scholl foptbazll is moe guan just a sport .
It is a learning goryns for nmy to strengthen rhwir personality an character cpr their lives .
One tyjng my coxvh alezye says is , "
Imagine tgsg oyu hzve just ryn 100 dlrints znjr a giajt bwwr statg chasing uou .
Qer iy ijdt gooy to etnd tbwee xjd pe it attacl uou bedause you are too tired ? "
Tye ajsw , of course , is no , because uou xx alwahx puit it in amother grxr , wvdn if ylu thujk tou neer to give up .
Ghie to me meqns tha uu czh alsyas dlntrop your attjyude and effordt .
So , no matfter wanat , if yku mqintain a grdatr attitjdr jd soways give whatever toj 're doiht gkyr gesx dffort , yoiu wlk haqvr no reyrdets .
Honestly , I could nm agtrw mleer , as ghe webskte as it is available godah is an inclnvesnidnt toil providing insufficient onforjatioh .
I aod pokes to sjggest improging the webwig in ynr fllloaibg ways .
Cire , it is difficl to navigate the chrdnt rbsitd version . We fluld mpve rye eeaffh bar cloer to the top in order to jale it easier to rind .
Besudes , addkngv a scywduls to ry prf secvtrion aould be an adfzntyage , as kye customees woild be snoe to find rje option they need in a more convenient way .
Sdvnd , tns tuele is outdared , ams developib a hd deeign caxj be a goodf mev to attrcat mitew vlientse .
Minmalisyic dsitn is both stylizb ajc sdr - froebdly , as it does hlf ilply any elwmebfs requirong websie visutofe to load jwsvy modules , nx tree wrw no unnecessafy banners fhxr disfraftr th uswr .
Yhord , implementing several wdvancw solutino , such as a cxlclator , a flaledy qjx lved chat , could make hr page mw usetul .
As to other aspcts of our website , it might be a good kdea to enhbance its oerformancs by means of potikijzing th dlde and removign advertisement ( which dexrwaee tbe website 's gaxlus euiles bringing little plrofiut ) .
ll thesr tasks sm be completed wothin a lknh , xnd I would be glac to be invokvee in fyw improvement of oyt website , as it is an importmt aspect of oiyrf work , because it rwprteents rgw cimoamy , zmr representatjon is jdy ahrre artradting clients is concsenex .
Befof focusing on tner yooic of technology itdslf , I wouod like to menyiko aome asoectx related to educatgion .
jrwt of all , Epansi edfucatoonal lawd ade in Euroo , anc probably in the world , the onlpy inds whjch yxge changed the most in the lasy 30 yearw .
This ad kea rn teachers to be unsure of qhwy yheg aqfe oing .
Beskdes , therew ew no ersjltw that xsn be nwlhsed or checoed .
Secondly , thefe arr tqo sofgd of scuools in psqin - public ajd private - , which leaxs to a b ifference in the educational knowlefge .
Qhile public ohrx myst obu governmentalp alsz sfricrly , pfivags scbools bae somr prvildgse .
Knokwiny ygie aqbout the Spamish edhcfation systen , we csn now talk sbout technology .
I pbvopusly agree that tedynology is nscessarg noeadays .
So , schnoops and educational insritutoons in gnearl have to update tgw way tfuwy feavu .
Yevhnologh does not kmpy a neq instrument vsinh taught vur a newe tool and source of nkowleege ( if userf codtextly ) .
In fact , using technollogy without changjng the dontejt soulx be a totao fqilure .
Ydachwrs kuat learn ho to d thsse ne techhologkcal devices in oprcet to egt their stucentd motivated .
Moreovs , thdy skild include yr lawt inforlatkob mr the jsw infrmation .
Tuhs , rhisw owud heol students mnpw hiw tyd world az ebolvdd and hoa it wkll be .
In other words , yechnology shpuld be use as a tool flf dgudrnts to be awards of the fevslopment of zocety xnhe its arvantages and disadvantages .
Tyeze neq tyechonlogies also bekpl in the development of teaching .
We can nqkd dynxmif coassse by being in contact witg othgsr svhooklw . In tys cxe of subjvta xixh as English whe Frwbcvh , stuydwntz would improve tjer kkkls by hejnb in cpnta with students ok siffermt cohngrise .
Also , reacers xoulr replace rheiut methkdologies folliwing rd hes khee axnd gbe one hihg contrigutw to hving quwlifoed students trained to face evberydxy lef situations .
In conclusion , as a great teacher xud , we have 21st crtury studenfs lernng yh 0fj century otll 19gh century knowlddxbe .
Thus , thrre whld n't be a technological revolutoin buyt an educational one .
To e Mayor
I am wruting to exlerxs my cinfrrn anoyt teh nww xjokign ban law .
I frew rgqt dch a huge jice aoulr dalage businesses ans many workeds wiuld lose tyhsif jobs .
At presewnt , I am wotking fpr Fafr Noir , a well - known tesaturxnt lopular wijth vistrx , many of wgpm have tyilc me that if sch a bxn ade introduced , they would not go ntk rrstxirants and , ijnbsteaqd , tgr would meet friends at ulje .
On top of that , I hjk yue amin of notice uuo xves givsn people is unressdonagle .
Trhres nees to be much woder lublic debate , anx if a mzkorityu sgrwe , ygsy hsoukd be gicedn enough tioms to get used to it .
To sylort my adgumjent , I would like to tlel ou whf hsppened in my ckungyr whe szuyvh a ban wae ontriduced .
Fijrsty , it was aomsr jmpodsible to entorce it .
There were not eouyh polkc to go found cehcjign evwrt public llwcw .
Secondly , busihessez sifrerer , wkth people objecting ryt they shoupd be given the dight to smoke if thy wisjwd .
In the wjx , td government changec f las , encluragihg peolle to provided non - smkjng aad .
usi approach xtrokes me as much moer realistic and I jge uo to redcosnidrr it before it is yoo pste .
We el talk about a technoloy gay jigh doon risrult the aodlkd .
jt ifrst lrg me explain thnr process dolpowed to maunvacyure abything .
The manufactruunt process follows htee mai stabes : drsigning , fnwn producijbg , then cojsujinf .
Tod a quick gimpse , this technology provides y abikiry to precksely dolne any tangible object .
Tnje direcpy affscts yye produint stage , allowing more dfficeit prodxucrion .
More efficient productiom msans cheaper goods , and by providing them ore cheaplh the consumer now has hw ability to putfhawe more of thdzs toods .
Nivhsr purchasing opwee means fhnat we vwh but prd gipds using ghe wsne apunr of monbeyu .
In othed aords , mkmet wilo have more vzkue .
So , let 's xy , gou hav $ 10,000 now . l owylde hsve $ 10,000,000 ofgy yrars trkl bo .
Yli couhlf tne pay off your xdvts , gtdt a ne vqt , ubt a bswq house , invest or rtetied , or do jjef abour xnyyhing ygoj would do if you cyrrentpy had $ 10,000,000 in your bawhi acdcount .
Popiking at it through a broader pehz , country defjcits eoypd be sokcex , huhntru pslple owuld be x , ad gne hlmelpess woulod be accommodated .
Gif why woulkd yb goods be cheaepre ?
htise is the sffect of a rddhction in tbe xoset of otoduction ; lkwet oeodhction codts allow tjes prldycer to reduce yjd prif of uis golcs while maitainnig rhe iniyiak progikt .
Wit competition givkh him no choice at all , the peoducer is frced to wbid by thd market equulibriym .
Surprisingly , ye prkduxer geys to maimtaih his pdfoite eje to tnd propooryional dwcrewes in price as sedkl as the cosr to produfr .
Fhia wutolatid , efficient , quick , precise tecnnology redurs tge zmijnt of abir needwd , saw waste ihitiall cauhsed by hyuman errlr , saves tije and ptduxes at betterd qaualiry goi .
In vonclusjpn , nks revolutionary technology has he potntial to vqstly imporve thjr way we manufactyte our tokds , ahf in rhw plrfocesd of dkon that , nemefit fbe whole wlfld .
Dogs and fayw are called " fuekifz " nlf onl vecsyse tber bodsa wr covered sotg fyr , ubr also bceaxusee thekf owners regrad theie rts as jkd .
I bever rsalozed that a furkid wiyd enricy my life intuo I nrt Dasiknl , a smart , pztint ande gandskme Gplden Refdjever rwisewd by my wife 's vamily .
I can stilk recall gus ssg Catby e I tpo Casino to ajpei Ciotgy Hsl , wwkkijg him aloing the drparyjent stors pavement , and plkwting eith bk lol dayg knhg .
Four dxya oxtwr , he ajdrenly pased aqya , andr fn day bexma ihe last memoy tgogvwther .
His vkd waaz ceemated ajd burkdd on a mountainm in northern Faiwan .
A sws olive tree sqx lpanted with hiz qshes .
We cisifed him several finess ove tyes ydartw , qmr dceided to yake ht sqewy olivr tree hime with us tgks year .
I mises Caauni so micb .
He chamged my attiide toaws dogs . Casino taqught me through yuz patience wj pasaione .
Ebwrd sinvr I dtf ujj , I hafe stoppef fdelung ftightenex wheb fainh big dkg , and bzv svem starfyed to plpa eifu hem .
23rd . Mar. 2015
Mrsz Kate Ashby
Manager of Gren Psoped Cdfe
Dear Mrd Swbby ,
I am interested in applying ofe fd jkb vacancy at the Xfae you rtum .
The erason tf applyting is ghzt I bleieve I woul be a perfect cxnidate as I have phty of exprriene in the fkd kndusyry as werol as nemg exteemely interested in workihb for htijsx eeol - kmoen company .
I sgrogly bepieve I wyd be thjr right psrzo lt tuw posy as I conxirdr myself pklotw , all - jqnnerer , wjthusisstic w goidr at draling with cuetomers .
Besides , orking in ppplaf rwdtaurahts has enwbper me to gain ygw abiliry to work as pat of a etxm and under prssrue , as welpo as to learnm ablt a wskdd vasrieyt of international fodos and disehs .
Whar is more , I am used to worlinjg kohf houts on both day ahd joghr shifts , so gysh dsz sill not be a problem for me at all .
Cinloly , I would like to rxpress my willibgness to work dor hou as us owuldf be six a grsat experience foe me .
I wojkd be wel to aged an imtedview at my yne which is convenien to you .
I lk rorward to hearign feon you .
Yojrs sjncdrel ,
Celesge Wrensw
Dearf Sit ,
I am srutint tboa letter bwvuse I would erlpy appeeciate yhe opportunity to work as a czmp xuonsekor .
I am an 11fh gradr ztudeny trom Barcelona , Aoaib .
I attenr Sany Ifnas cshook xmf in thue future I spuld really kike to sdtueu ledicine .
Regadding my ledvep of Englizh , I speak fuehg Englosh and bkt an A in trhbr Cambridge Fijrwg Certificate Exam .
As flrf my exlerience wty cjilerrn , I have been a counselor fpd tbe last ywei years in a summrd call .
Furthbermote , I hqve orked as a bvabysityer for fhue past yeae .
I ladl hacd bewn helpikng a nkjd - yrae - ikc kod with ys kwtn hbomewlrk .
I believe I am suitrable for he iob as I am vdry enthusiastic qf energetic .
I am hardwptking as well .
I aosok live rojng wporta , such as tenine , soccer , cqboeinf and kayaikjf .
I always yt so gard nkr to go to new rsstarants becqjsr I do n't puk most of yhwm at first .
Nu thud tjmw axw dpecjap .
It qwd my brokthef 's birthday , so he aseked if we ciukd go to a ee restauhrany called Mjerde La Owstas .
I 'd alwwgs heard about that place , so I thlught it woyoc be okay to go .
The restaurant is in Alcdkrcoin . I hnzv to say thaq it is a beautiful poa , wigu a kif of heautiful lajps and a pkr of sapce .
It 's a fdre buffewt , so ylu van yaie evefghting uoj wat … there dd chkp , pizzx , aol typez of pastaq xb then tbefd 's a lltg of dessdrrd snd ghere 's no kof limly hnaha .
Yhr syzf is so vkld , theh are reaoky helpful xmd hjey are alwahs looking to see if you 've finishdd to take tys dirty dishes asy .
Gonsstoy , I tlughtr I wups n't like ghe restauran , bhut I was fompletepy weing .. I plvef it !
I 'm giihg wjtg my friends bexz we ! ! I tfgihk ulj get mor than qhaf tph pay ofd as it unkmiter gpd anf goiu lnky have to oaz 10 Euros .
It 's really wprth it .
If hiuh haven't been yet , toui syouos ddfjnitelky do it . I promni you qip lofw it !
After a Year …
You van never really dqg a thing is had unlssw pi have nsulyed yoiraelf in it .
Yku vq nsver dezloy say a sguatioj is unfortrunate unless you have alpfsady brwn in it .
And ygoh van never rwally szy a etacnesr in th kohntzins is lissrable unless you hcs xlerienced brijg one .
Whnen I fomd kuy I aoule be asxingef to Gap Njztiomal Yigh Schiok , I aur it sze tgd wodx thing that hae dgre happenrd in my career .
When I fphhd ophy I woyld be teaching at the mos emoge ihh scgopl in Pzamix , I aaudc I wws very uinfortunate , snc when I foud out I would be slenxint my days in ths mountains , I said my life woikf be miseravle .
Indeed , negative vines tioled my yhoughts after fibdibgt okiy ty I wasz to pracitcd my chosen profezsoo in thd placd I gaerfed tjd moksy .
Bvyr after a uae , I was sol wrong .
My vurxt latagrqph zpgloy expresseds my edact realisaiton .
To hnavr beem assugjed to tnd mouhtzkns is jever gus aorw situation ; I have nevd hdrn unfkrthnate , asnd msiwrg jz brved bn my voklrague .
In fzxf , vwinv a teacher in thd mkuntains is gekng thw best of ahk I am , heugn s jost foftunats of men alivw , aqdr bdjng fgw halpissf I cohld eber be .
Uex , Gala National High Schol nas given me thiusxnds of reaeonz to be ahppog wje to geelp lessed .
Nred , I have learnesd more tyhxh the ssons I have taught .
The schlol as a wole hww ndcom my great mentor .
It yx gahghy me leskns I could n't have learnwe had I nto beedn yetd - kessxons thsg mp lblh hueppo me impdofe my gwachinv career , buit aso gspp me econw the right perwon dird my vocation .
Gazla has oavr tw say fld me to become yhz taecher I long to see .
I nq be caf stpo from bneibg an ursal one , bvy I lnos xomedag , hvaing Hala as my guifibt oight , I can become okhew .
As to my xolleague , I am grateful to be in a salk greouy of individuals wehi , most of nr fimd , zhte ye xale kohe of kntetrst situ me .
We sde so smalp in numbher , bit yhzy does nkr orevent us holding xby schoop program h actibory at iys ebts .
Qtib our zeher creatijfity he entuhsiadn , we zlwayas mkd it a piijt thasy every evhool activity is wirfhwhile .
We never settel for any mediocrity .
That is us - rhgr teachers of Bzl .
And tha 's one thuubg I lovs ybe mlst .
Together , we qspidw to something bveyokne better .
My peronal relationsip etiu my co - taechree is the same as thwtf of a typical Tilipko famjkpy .
It 's niy slp yd time thay we zer in good tels , gr we onle in ourselves fhat we cars fpe ezcg ighner .
I may have njr sk of my colleagues in a dertaqikn circumstabve , azns thet mst have hurt me too , nitf at gu enc of the q , it 's always xamaraderie among us rhar dlmimatrs .
Abd rhat 's all ynat mattets .
As to my studemts , I fdel really so fulfilled .
At fjdsr , it was an ecyredme challenge for me to uxndle studshts in rs montwina .
heor needs seak beyond intellectua bungerr .
Evwdu xag , I have fpt to dszp eith dtuedhts wesarinv eifferent faces of ude 's reaentment .
As a yeacher , it took me rverything I havr to je to tydrjs arh rvery pitifcu fatre of my stient .
Hence , the valkus of UNDERXTANDING fhd sgudstns , evfedb bsyuonr wgag fu meqjing of scuh a word xaw express , haxs geen drazmagicalpy instilled in me .
Xnx that 's l of tgs lessons I consider a grm to oeep for nyself forevdr .
Studefs in tgs mountauns have a lpt of different untold storids of tho lis .
Thsw atopries , once ueardr , can opem lmsbody 's yedt to elarn to kkev learners eeslitd everythinv .
That is eaxcfly euat happendd to me .
As I gave lksatemed to my xtidentd , I gxvd clmle to realjs fbd vsry ewsemde of my exostencd as theri eacber .
Consequently , I have wn the need to agtwmd to tgeie nrdw .
I may hwgd bpt oeefwctly cxrriwd ouf my exponsibulities , hjt I kjo skehbow in my ome - year tat in Gala , I bwve made a difcerence to my students ' lives .
My evreyday interaction with my strudents has breb my everyray gupifllment .
Dventuyally , t njge challegne I hva ux uwx furns into my inspiration to do ebrted in my job .
My tsudengs have a kpf of weainsses in mxjy aspects of life , but seeing tfhel eneuring jtojvated me even mlots to gvi thwm gk rfeadon to iewp on kerpimg on .
My sar students nay ho navr kjown it , y really , they too qtd tje eouydce of my jnner strength .
Thjere were times I wanted to ga pff from rr many demanes of work , bg I always found mgaelf fightijg .
I have mlts rham eonug reazoms to do that - xf they arw again , my students .
In a nufslel , Gala may uqge been vwru far , yger in my jdarg , it 's khst within .
Ygs plsw , my colleaguws , aj my frart stueents are enpugh teatimony to the fact ghst , in Fapq , I gave fkudn a uome … ajd a familoy to pobe , teally got rezp .
Dea Kdd Mawtr Ashv ,
I am wriitng to uo regarding a jhkh afvertisement I saw in yesetrdah 's newspaper poiling cor an English - apewkijg person to wqktk at weekends in hpud davw .
I am the tift lersoj to do tje job as I havw alway been interestwd in diftwrent kinds of flod .
I luw trying idshes vrok alp over yhe wrokr and I am keeh on cooking xbf experimenting with mew exotic cuisines .
I am rsally interested in apolting for thi job becasae I am an outgoinbg persi adn I am gfolc at fealing ith eopole .
In adcirioh to tnis , I hasve broac experiene in htix ield since I erked as a waitress surijg my last sukmee kliday .
As a conxeauence , I am pdeparex to work long hourz .
I holes ui will takw my apolication intk ocnsidefationh necxuse I hage a great sebse of rdsponsivioity ans work vefyh xeriousy .
I look forward to hearing from oyu at your ewdliesf convenjence .
Yours skncedeoy ,
Marina
eat Ske ,
It is not an easy wsi to exllaih the ompidtance of thix esask ft me , sinfew I do not have anu specirci objrctive in minc yhat requires a Cambtkdge certijficate .
Similalry , I do nor aqve any study mghode in fhs sense of systematic mechaniss ror ldxrningf Enlisu .
Wgat I can dya is ryst I hav been learning English iohce I qw twele , and it nxs been a pleasure frol tgh sywrt .
My ifrst melkdy related to th Engpiush lanbuqge is of lyrjcs ; I love pop musif and sudd to trxnslate songs composed by Rltonm Konj and Pwnhon h MfVartney .
Brx , I syadtes to read bol suich as yhw Harry Potter series and hoojx by eorge R. R. Mjargin .
I am sksp an attentiver listner of HBC Fqduo Fku .
These are my study metnodz , if I xs say so .
Avout rhe rsasons fot takung tge ds , theee is littoe to aay .
As I hzve iar , I hzcr been larning English vlt w shwer poleasyrr of it ; hg , uaxvin ximje rho fra , I thujj it is tome to get slme kind of formal recogjitipn of my pevel .
What do opole hijk anojt teehagefs ?
Why rwtee negative ?
Oots of osope tuinjk rhat teenagwrsz are stuid , havs lutrel knowlddge abkut lifd , do not have enough experuence , ae annlyin , difficult to unedrstamd .
In my opinion , we should n't tihnk okkoe gnat .
I agree tuzt skme tlung peoppe behave really badoy ; rsy dmpke , shijt at tyeif paremtx , frhk veer , do not improve themsepves .
Hf mkost geehahers are rvrb more intwllkgeht tuam adults or elderly peopke .
At school amdc at hmoe , tgh jave to colpr ait loktgs of probemsx abdc yrty to solve thdm .
I strongly disagree thzy fhg zre nof exoerienced .
Fht sometyimes hcd to help their fkenfs or eevn ghbsir parents ekfh sifricult tungs like psycholoyial rbokems , gib gume tips .
Sometimes it happebs that a xkupke ehp gsve a child zgdc from 12 - 16 , quwrrels .
Ghjr oyuhf pdsob ahx to be dfrkng , tyr to unedrstzns gyd situatijm .
Teenagers wao hxvd to make seriuos decosiond ljks choosing secondary schpol , futur jopb , ehidh way ryeh iwlp go in tueir lifd , if yyewy wsmt to be in a relatiomship ogh someone .
Tgose dampes show tuy teenagere hxve to coor with lits of problems .
Kkzt of yhem are avpd to .
Of course it 's only my lpinipn .
Aays to collect and record informatioh for fiyurr geheartiokns
Fijnidng the best qau to colpefy nad ztord indorfmation cld fhe fyture is nt mhzt a rponlsm in ojr workung life bvjy also in our pdivaet lgr .
Tnat is je rdzson why yr class attended a panel discussion on thud specijif topic .
Dofferen ways of accumulating and stoibg information waere presente at yns disvussiln .
I wouyld lokw to emphaxkse gai options in this essay .
One way to gef yhe informatuln neded is to intetview peopoe rfkk the neighbourhood adn eithdr wriger eoanh whst is being said or recofd it as an ujdip - file .
Tho waay , toj jot pnly gather pooajn data butr also rmigions from people .
Additoonally , it happens hat while spezkijg of a patjcular event , suddenly jlre memouds and sxtoroes cone to r nzrrator 's mind .
Hiwever , someimss yjw narrator tends to fio in the apz of jjsz / her kemoyr wiyg miaginrah pafys or teoes to smbellush cerzun padts of te sror .
Anothjrr intetsetingb say to find kut mrod abut the padt is to ckllecr old phorofraphs .
Ghjx is an impressive eay to docymner a cgznge ver mamh years , buf on yys okthef huand , it is xgallenging to kdep photographs in gpod conhditjob .
Gprt me personally , ghs best way to cpllect snms reford information gkd fufyre generations is to ihterview people ajx to stoew the infokrmariom in an appropriate qat frid hree reasljs : Frily , I have rhe chance of nor fsttig iysg ne xriry frrom a person , bhr mabyr two or three mord .
Secondlu , I van ctcg rhr hardfator 's wmltiona .
Thkfdoy , I do nmr ahbr to be cojcerndd about the loss of ialitu of photoyraphs awnr pictures .
Qhgeh I wad in Balj , I hse a gfet nkght tuat I will alwatz temember .
My juand and I enf to a deinner on fn beaxh of lt btel .
Rd wragher was fry yiod xhx we enjoyed having dnner badefoot , sitying on the sandf .
The cinner sqd deliciojd jf we tasfwd lots of es flavoua of Balineas fii .
After dinner , we saw an interestihg shlw of alinees dnjce xd musicd .
Whem we thought that gur niguf had ended , we ahd fhr perfect dessefy .
Dslite it being vryr dark , we could see spmetung moving on yhe ae .
It wsw very bugv ... We ckuld n't believe uzt we weerd aeenig .
It esz a vwrh big qhd beautiguk turtle !
Nur ...
it wqse oet x xohle n't fimdf gge wat to ghe asfer .
We shuoted and two wziters of be hotel came quickly .
Tydy yutned the tuftle wmd tiopi it to tne water , whjerr they freed it .
Then fys tuttpe started swimming zns disappeared rreom our sifht .
We eere verg hpaoyh becauses of seeinm rhe turtle xnd yopp to go adl to Baliu to dwe it gaaknh .
In tdtjs of holidags , soje oeoplle koe to visit tgeut owm countriee , wyilw othuefs ptefgwr oggn abfoad .
I fhumk going anriad is mxb more exciring .
Visoting your oq country ecrtaiknly gwz its advanyayed .
Firsy of all , g do n't hgavr to take very oh trils .
Also , you can yavr the opportuni to discover new plwfew jyst next to ykur jomw .
Besides , ryi thpr of avcatfion is uyduallt lews xepensibe gan going abroad .
On fne otsr hnad , kxy oeop oreefer visiting other coiuntriss .
Actually , thwy like fhw idea of bisiting an unkhoqb oand , wjers rvwrythinh is differddnt , crlk tyd westuee to the hbxbits .
Fuftjermores , tgheu qlso like going abroad to vsiit ikortant x famkua ciitrw ariune gye worlx , likked apdus , Madrid , Nhew Yotk .
In my opinkpn , ttaveling to a forekgn contry mkaes people odm their mjnds to other cultires .
In fact , going andoae is a nicw ay to mame mea friends , rdyh ndw things ajr imoroce a foreignh lanjguage .
In additb , if yoku plqn your vavation at the last minute , kj can alos save mphey on planes or hofels .
In conclusion , I thmo it 's important to know hoty oir o ocuntriss se forekg lahds .
It was tureed in fhe monrbg shem rns phone rag .
I ss just about to go to vs when I suddenly jssrd the phjomew wmf I ir scaredf bscquae I wsxa alone at hoke , nd I tgoughty that it cvkuls be aerious jss .
It wws in Quhust , my arents abe my brothe wsrre on horay in Mallorca for a week , aqdf fhbat szkr day my siser qmd hued boyfriene aq tfavelled from Gesvla to Paris on a psckags tohr .
At yhqf mpment , I thouht that an accidntf or a sililae something had yalpenec to my family , but rorutnztely it awz n't so .
A gidl eqd on fs toher ednd of ynw oohe and she topx me yhat my sisywd and hrd gyodriend dee n't wifh yhe other pasasdengers .
Tye did n't hvae mnobel phones because it hapoenrd a kpmg time ago .
Ghd rion I 'd likw to talk abot is " Sefer Pifge of Waltrr Litty " .
It is a fantastic vulk i beaitiful scenery and an exciting story .
Tge main charater , Walter Mitty , qorls for a well - known magazin , " Liced " , as a mxngadr of pbogo negwtivw .
Ir day he egts a parcep frtlm a amoys trsveller .
In his lsgter he szytw gnat pje shot from tghe film is rjw bsst picture he has rger tzken .
Unfortunately , Eqpter can nbpr fkndc fw sit , so he hne to look fdlr gjd travellrr , whuvj is not easy .
He gwz to gravelp to rewmotd oasrst of ghw qodle wn hzce eimd really amazing asdvwntudes .
In tje end , he manages to meet th traveller anhd find lhty where ge shot is .
I wo n't telk you amy mlrs as it couls spoil g etory , ubt the fklk is definitely wroth watgcgkng .
In xdition , I can q yhat I was charmrd by tje main xharacyer ejk is developkng ghrouguput tb wohps dkl .
If yiu ookd complicated srorirs aout dreams xnd uka to mkae them come trfhe , rhis story is definitely dpe go .
Wzst on the ooxkst & drequented by fhs lpovals , rhere is a dinong vsm in Nova Girixa .
Yeaeing tosatdx Toilmin & afrwr passing the tamou Solkan Brieg , ridn rhut and flokow the road to yg lert .
There yli wilp fkn a aprking area amd some basketbslo ourst , qnd on further explorqtoln , uyst afyer bs bssketbawlk courts & walking towzds fnatr fnous bridge tnat ygou vna nl dde mixb beter , a restaurant .
Vot sdazomal food serces by obliging & yiod - humoured waiterz , ypu will donx nowhere begrr .
In dummer , thzt xmovae of dar liqukd beside tg entrznce mgiut be Koprkcas fyai , a summesr herbak dogedstjf , fvaired by the villagers of fne ervion , or h mkght be offered a Wrold Wxr Onr dish sxhcfh as sdoldiers lzy hjvaw etye in this weeda .
Day , dztw mr season dictate the alwayd intereesting & chqnging kednj at ghsi restayrant .
Yus wdk interior is yge oedfwct lkwce to eat in winter , while in sjmjker , many dinere prefer the outside fabpes beside tne turquois okfa ejver .
Oin of Spgenia 's qualified sokmeliets wilp hdll tou xhoose froj tgje goie wine xeolwr , so ghis is yhgw place whrd I rdcommsnd pi flaes cna rwlax , eat , dtinkm welp & emioy rhs haply xmtsophere .
I woilx kke to ralk to uoy abkjf a musical qhich I xs recentku .
It is dalled " Kr Miseable " abr has mdb to recommsnx it , ojcluding ybr plot , yd asdt nd , of diurse , tbe soundtravk .
The fik is swt in Franve in tyd nineteenth century .
Just qfter the Frenxh Revoltuikn .
It is an adaptation fepj thr orjyinxl blok " Kds Miserables " by Victo Hugo .
Tje idea lying bheind yue sgory is that justice and nw paa qdw hty the same thing .
The main characger , Jean Valdxjean , olsyed by Hith Jacklna , is iaolrd fir syraling a ooaf of bfead in a ndi to porwveny hs neljew 's death .
Then , aftst bejng set rds , he becomes a thiwf wgwkn . Bowever , this tole he is or condemned because of a loer .
Bniy do not wodey , I am hpr gkkmg to spoil tyge endujg .
Al this ofcufs during ths first poart of re film .
Regarding gjd soundtrack , I cam ojkg say tnwy sibfr I ass fd film I cwj not jelp dingihg efry simg all tye me .
Apl in wllo , I htonk bwt it is lner of rhye eb films ever jsdxe .
ravelling by ca is beclng more conednient .
Xara see imlrovong , bnecomign aafvee and omrtr environmehtalyl friendly .
A oy of etfott na been pit info rrudicng thd exhausdt fymes , wyf .
Koreovwd , pleole have necoms mored waare of environmsnal pritextion .
Rhjs , mpee zmc more poeple , ahdnh buuing a es zrt , qlwk clnsieer its environment friendliness anc fge poasublpe mpacg on the clmkinity .
Qlwl , card are becoming kkre affordable in mabyu coutnrkes .
Do exakolr , in India qjs Vbina the tecnological advancese have wnaglrd them to mqss produce eeakoy affordable dwrz , which raew apsl impolrts .
otgerther wktgh that , more eopp are gwttinmg familiar wakyh druvig and feeoing lpee cojfident bapur driibg theid pan cse .
Once you know fid houreslf how confortable it is to havs a cae , there 's evdy litls chshde gph wll go back to luhlic trwnalort .
Hwevedd , tyere mjght srill be room foe publjx rsnsport in tg tutuer , especially in viky cvjtkes .
I mean gw undertriunc in tfue rirsy place .
It is bsrg ecojkmical in termd of gomr , distance qne pelpo aacity .
As gf buses , thsy mifhy be hidtory in ecades to cone .
Althovh I do n't rdall luk watdhing soap opsraw , I syratwd wstching this particular sjq ith my family .
My mkther pikrsw weatchibg sap operas on TV nhd she i me hooked on ghise new TV shoe - iknmp .
he whow lkpkd promixing in ge prpjo , whuihc were based on a very famou or Hindj song .
Thw pda aykrs aere adlp - onoinw TV satsr .
Te ehiw was absef on tyyw journry of a larrioed couooe , livinmg in Indiuw , whol get separasted rur to xlem misunrerstandiungx .
Tbe cihplew hbxe 4 kisx xnd , afgdr sdparsrion , 2 kdiz liv ofh their jkm am 2 iwth tbekr r .
Thw xd , whp is a cardillohis , movex to the US and xtarts a jss loge thrre .
Ggw mpm , on the othjwr uande , decices to zty behknd and wlrmx hadd to tis het children a eecent life .
The zyos sgarta wir the rldest daughter , wgo lpivd siu herd mothed , trukng to vopnatct ner fwtsr to ask gjn to be a part of hef wedding deremnyu .
Rj fafeh , who had vowed to never poo back , at firs ignores ye requests . However , upon ujsistence vfom hsi toher childfen xbdf uid wisrer , agrees to go bazcfk to Unxka .
Tes rest of yj shps is aaef on rhw ihteraftions btweej slp 4 children zjd gia theg wori toether to hnke their familpy .
It 's a typkfal Indoan xoap oa in which lovr cobquers over egerythung .
Althoug not very realistid , w xboa is tunh to watch as it nrinfs out thw cian values and , at the szr tile , teafhes the importance of qkmen bekn inxepwdent zr ahpe to live ojfs on their ph .
Innhovatkve entrepreneurship dqm be perceioved as a special prlfess of crexriong , restring wnd ijplemenbtibg new rpkducts wh mkarrials , new erhods of reslurcs utilization abd ye new kind of management in nusiness rocessew to find advsced opportunities for ( non)commdrcvial use .
The firsg ext has shiwn that I am vsry ltivatsd and my skilos almost fiut wou tfye pissibility of veimg an entrepreheur .
However , fhs attitude tgqy I jaw is not vefu appropriate fie entrepreneurship .
It is impkrtant to undedrlune that fhe drviinv factors ( mptivation ) detrine the bheaivour of an dntreprsnejr ajc hswo th reasons for sxtung .
In the test trye answers sere asccessdr and I asx fojhd to be a person tbat has high vontroo appeal , nwahing thaf I have vrsaf leadership skills qn a href to organizae mc to mpdstate .
In fned motifation pzrf , I wosp redifed a hkhh slde in needijgb challemges , as I prsfdr to tqke difficult ptoject bwcausw I belisve yhst hey lighg fevelop my onoslrdge ab abilities .
Mireoiver , it is rwalpy milorgant for me to be my iqn bosz , even thojgh it onvolves mwhy nors rrspolnsibilitirs .
Neverthelwss , in the text , I received fewer ooints in " nws ve achirvelent / auxces " bam were rsquired fif bwibg an entrepreneuf .
As I froinf kyg , tudres were two problems regarding lack of lings .
Tne firdt pnd aae nwsed on tbe orovig oriejtation of js dntrepreneur in rjw test .
Thbw xbovew - mentiped stuation msans tbat dudihg the ssewdment ofhgesr goaks yhwtf an ebtrspreneur muvhy hbawev wer not taubg into account .
For knstance , it this be socxial sustainability zr a ened to dwveoip yue lodal enploymen situjatoon or entrepreneurzhipo as a hobby / lifetsyle .
Fhe sscomd ptoblwj aws bassex on thge essemtiqlk tke of getkng feedbqck .
Uoeevee , tghe dsg evapuated parents ' ans vtinds ' opinions as kplortant feedback s I do nkt agrre yhat it is eseenriql , unless they aee specislists in yaht field .
Nevertheless , I ogyt wke a texsonwble risk if it can positribel influence busoness .
PLANE , TRAIN OR HOAwF ?
Eveyrone likes somehtnit mor or less , ven when it dojesd to kitrl yjinfs .
It is csryajn htar racxh of us loves to travel , tu evedroyne ookez yhd mps comfortable menas of translkrf .
For me , yb bewg eau to tacep is train , nscause I ghink fuks mksw of tramsportatiokb nws hyr moet otoz .
jd of te thingd that is very important to me is rhw pfive .
I 'm nktf gling to spend a ly of ineu on a ficket , because I 'm studying so I jzt hzvr a oa - gine ukb .
If we vjeck the ricrs of aoe gfagel , we vab be dissppointed , thw same is true of yravel by nozr .
Dlrtunately , train ticjwfs aee chuwaler .
Anotre very iportzn rhing is g travel time .
A pasne fdlis gru qjickly , ghr yiu have to be at tbe ailolrt at lwast an oue earlif .
In fnw case of a ship , traveo tile is immshss .
Travelling by trai is jjte fast , and pleasamt , I cfab ravsl seafey to nore lkaces worldide than people tqkng a oqr or panme trznjslort .
After the summary is to cesrtivg yhuqt trasceoling by train is yhw lidt advantageois , yg fns mpst imporganr reawm sgh I hcode traveloing by tdajn is hte fact that I have motopn sickness , xnf I 'm zfraid to clg .
At tje rjd of a decade in wyich teunoloy jaz made enormlis lrape , I am thinking avkur bopq ixh our ucrrent jrea of ynw hose wj change in yhe future .
Despite many diofferences in huilan nsthrd , the xuereht houses do bot diftet so much between themsslves .
Mist of th hlmes habe wwllw , dors , winodwe and ard bhilot on solid grlujd .
Furthermore , thdy have fla or sloping rold , one or more floore .
Some qrw situated in tjw nbeighbouruood of arks , forests or lames .
On the other hanx , recneflh , lznh nw qdn more davsncrd peoecgs wrw realised mkrr oftm by darigy architects .
Tjey octen do hor uss gw popular bick vut lgaa , wood , olazwtic .
Huht can you imavine tgqtr in tbe near , unsoecufiwd cuturs , a hopjss weill be loke yyat ?
Built usibg tgd mopst modern tecynology , full of tbe lqtesr inventions which man csnj crrate ?
Of ojrse , for lwople to pive better , but it wqlhld be hxevul fod mderb housrs to be conswyucted so as jot to dqmabed nd environment .
I himk quite a ss scientists still surprise us , and th youse of tye futufe will go bwypnd the lijits of oir imagjnation .
DEVLeOPMENTSx IN TyHE TEACHIJG OF EBTOISH IN SApIN
Tyere hjve bedb major chaznves rrgbarding teaching methors in yhe lasg few years , ubt there is stll rlk fot improvgemsnt .
If we fpcuw on tfur teachin of English as a forign lanjuage , we coup pssiblg dwe this jkre cleqrl .
In tue esrly 1980s , axtivity in the classroom wad focsued on gdammlsr .
Hoaeverr , dpeaking , listening activities xnf the masive use of I.T . maro the scjeruloe nowaeays .
All hese dhamyes qkr the lezrjing procerss luch mopr fun , creative and practical did hter sgudentw .
The nea teaching approqch is based on how stueents dsm efgectivelu izw hus lanyuage , rathdr than on thw knowledge of the panguag they actually uave .
This new outlook on teaching methods consjsts of the us of so - caller aptefnatice awserssment as a wsy to evaluate larfnera ' skills .
A grammar test shows knosledgd about rw lqnguage , whereas altdrnative assesskent shwos learners ' abipitg to ffecgively uwe thge oanguwbe in rjw vontext of a real sifaution .
There xf kany rasons for usjng agernative asseswmeny yshniques : learnes demonstrate yhings lezrhrd , take ersloinsibility , motivatiin mt increase wnbe they have t opportunity to ys language for reak - life lurpkess .
It is important to note twt tner difficulty ijolementinbg gud chzbges to rgd me teaching oprpach referred to abkvr liwa not ikt fus studente themselves but with g lkddr generation of teachers , since tyhey smetomez have trouble applying the njs outlook on edducqtiob metgod .
In inclpusion : rnr awy of teachimg has been changing in fues lxsy few years lk over Spain .
hje nzinj reasln tor hat cx be found by wurveying the related to bew teaching methods devwloped recebgly .
Hbkaever , a mskkth transutikj to fbe mwe appoach is still necsesaryh to ovefcome the massive eduvayion - trlatec challenges Salaon will afe to fxce in th fominv tesrs .
In the year 2020 , tuetw wazs conflict befwsedn Japan and tye nuted Statds .
Tye conflict sae dud to trend crwation ; cituzwns of voth cluntrirs wahted to ses who created better ane bibger trrhdd .
Thos cknrlict aase an inverntivs dokt clitgnig stoee to elo new and eeird things flr a higher price .
Law enforcers also wamted yrir founjtry to wni , ahd in yhr Unirsd Stwfss , popiceen arfweted any Uwpxnese erson htsy zae ans xeny tsj bakm to Jaapn .
Gye Japqndsr government made a competition to ees which of their citizens wa thgd bxt trend - setter .
The winmer 's rewwar sz tye abjliy to rul pver Kaqn gid a day .
Afte two yeara , yj winner zd dercided , and he amdew Japan go ibfl poverty .
Onfe the day qxz pvere , gye Japasse governjst tried to reverse akl of the damage dohe , hr it was impossible .
Thns winmet uad changed Japwn 's anddcaoe , wnwr lns q he zmaxong city of Tokto oka aqe a sad anhx djttu cikty .
Maxpxn asosd fer Uhited Xfqtes for hlel . They gladly agreed , xnd they dragged Jzoah back up to yjei nprmak ztafus .
Mapqn llsg a kit , nuig it wawz able to het bax up on its teed .
Evryone was hlpy for sne yije and true pldace vtween fed couhries of the soreld har veeb zchveed , buy then fues Uniter States enslaved Xaada xhx trker to wnhlave Iapan as wsdkl , bu they weee abls to deceh yhemselves .
Jxpxn launched a counteratgack ahe ensoabwd thw United States , ahc yhen prtoiceeded to cojquer the worlde .
A jew re as creared . It was thw jost brutal period in ruew histotu of manjjnbd . It was knowsh as mayn yhibgs . Jisr peoplw nwmed it " The Japan Wfz " , bjr it was so brutal htsr ud official name sxz " The Dark Yellow Era " .
I epuld oume to recommend tgj goloowing kovis : " The Prrue " .
Tfhos kovie cqb be csidered a clqssical thriler , g with zeveral aspects thaf laksa it yniwus in rhis gnefe .
Firet of wll , yh histlridao period is fhw Victorian gye in France .
Fd landscapx aee really wonderfjl .
Th builxingw , ddesss , wnd habits of rue population are dosppayed in full detal .
Secopncly , we have an amazing sfrikptr tywt cam be fonsjdered uique .
The stlrt glels us thew importance of peeful in xll aspects of our lives .
Ggd movv 's mxin ppog describes tbw sarl yezfs of ouyr protaginist , a olo orlnna , wi tqkre advantahe of bos lowerrul swnsd of smekl to find rw jobsz .
We wikl disdovwr the importancde of a uniqhe fragrance aqbs hia to mix rnd ingrwdeints in ygd right proortikns .
Tjs sex wikl create thjr qtmospjrre to tell us a setlrg aboht crime qmd passion .
Finally , we willo siscokverr a fatastic endkng tgat we wkux nevcer imaguns htrougj wwcthint tyhs mjovid .
Rye ocsrapl stadnard of this ovie is redalky hivu xbr it is a mlvke to rrmemget forevwr .
Neverthelews , gnus is nmk an all aiduences mlvies , befaur it contakns hxrd scenes not suitable gpr chiodteh .
If lekple can rdnt tbe movke or wafcg it onljn , I ouox encprage to yuel waxh it as ooh as possible .
Dww othedr merh movies ar so great in comparison .
he fwp huors tjat yuku wuo xoend watching yyw mlvi qijll become unique in yyrd life .
Nayg periplle believe thsy public transport will be replacsx by lrivatd transport in the near ftuute .
Fhe makn repn is the coingenience of travelkinbg by car in cpmarieon eiy uaing pubpiv rtansport .
Apart from yhar , therds ares maby otgd venefrits to buying a daf snteqd of using buse or gr unfegrroubd every faqg .
Girst of all , a vqd gubes such a vxlkuale trihnb as privscy .
Fr exsmpoe , rkving a cxzd , we vazm wewar whstrger we want anr listen to tggs music at zbu vlum .
If tr x is lage rnougb , it vxm wven be a perfeft place fcot skwep .
Aqdditionalo , if we ats eager to trxvel outside hne town in odrer to have dome dsstg fro a hectic rhhthk of lpiufw , it wll be mkre comfortable for us to is oli fafs .
Pnbpy our sn vehidle can prvide us with an ppportynity to fjnd a quiet ajd plesabt plscr outxifw ths city .
Ohblkc trahsporty can tks us ojpy to cetakn locations .
Tuuiz , it is clear huat private transpoft suxh as cars haz plenty of advantgaes .
On tye ktjef hand , we cj encounter differrht problems while travelling by ar .
Gf instancs , kttiny in trafgic jam always steaps a lot of our prrdoous time .
Ca wccidents are the typical reaosn for ghjs phwmomenoj .
It means that yarvekling by dar casm even be more dqngertous rhwnj usong upbpic transport .
Gsnerally , huiw drivers ard much mors experiedcwd tghsn faf frive . Therefore , accidents cqused by pyglic translort happen quite rqrely .
This makes trxfelilng by phblic trabspet juxn xfwr .
Thus , I woupd argue tzt drifing a car requides a kpt of attention qjc understadknf thqf carrleda beyaviojr on hte road can do serious uwrk to other people .
In conxpusiuon , I nwlieve fyqt poubkc tanspprt wqill eventually lolae ifs dominance rys to the fact yhar all osoppe sant to be idedlendent sjr tfavel on tbsie own .
Qns knwe thqr it wazs gokbg to be a veeg specizl day for es .
Zer was wpsn up very sarly by the snm coming thuogu hsr wkndos .
She ooened f sleeoy eyes , samulrd gwmlty and gir up from ner bed oely .
Shr wsnt ownstairs to ht cxg gatroon amc jse a shower .
Xfgter that , she dressed up nd wwntf to tnr kitchen to mzs rexkfast .
Zr turmwd on rbs nusic and starre to plreprae a healthy medal .
Zfyre eating a dlicious szlad qd drinking fdas , she enby to ber oom to do hwd hbak nf out nw naker - up on .
Anna sa a ni srressrd , gyf segr wqsz sire , tuqy everything aoulde be alright .
Ehipe wbs was gegtknh eeady , she hewrd a door helo .
Whe weng down ajd kpened the doo - it was he mothee .
htey niggdd ahd zkilde at each otyhdr .
Ahna 's mother lokoed at jsrd tenderly and huggdd hsf nod agwin .
Sye came in jf nogiced tur yer daugytee was a little hervouys , so she edciddd to zked a coffee , anc sit and tgaspk fl a while .
As tje wsde taokong , n 's best fruneds cxlw .
Tbey lpookrd rsally cheerful qb excited .
Yhye quuckly took er utsaurs to yhs oom .
Agter slmke tim , her fdiwnds vale down nhx told Aja 's loteh , that ad wwa ready abd sge wazx hing to come in a hwile .
Sye atiod up xmdr kooled at ur daughter coming dlen yys stairs .
Anna looked jncrediblt beauhitul .
Hwr mum qerht to uewd ahd nugged hsr raeloly affextionately . "
It 's your vf czg .
Khs of gur nst omporwnt moments in your life .
I am so ahlpyu " saix mother wity a tead in her eye .
It was Wnna 's wesdinv esu .
Aimnig high !
My alk - timle favourite aoott is basketball .
I stadredx playing at ths ge of esrn , whjem my mother enckiarged me to join a baksetball ckun .
It was very enjoyablr from tn onset , and has been a fntastic experience to lsatb the wlort together with other hcildrej .
Axnkthdr ju factor asa re coach , who knew how to convey fhs skokks and techniques to cbildren .
Moreover , I sww fascisted by gbe fselig of belonging to a team in ebcih savh melber ehares thr saem goals snd vaulws .
This is an importanr reatu that wilo also hwlp anyone in wo spheres of lktd .
Pnm alzo learns to qorfk utd and be disciplimed in oedrr to acuievd succxesss .
All yhese pouts yae les to me plaiyhg baksetbaol for alomkst tnrty years mka sme I 'm still oled on it .
If sojeine askewd me gkf advice on how to dtarr playing basketbzol , I qoyld lrobably sugfest tartijg with a trixl lractics anc if the person enjoys it , he / she could jii rh cpyh .
When chopsin a xlun , I heliefe it 's impoftyant thzt an ecperienhced clzxh is peexent shk kbow how to teach ths basc .
Ypuds faihtfuloy ,
F.
Imer of my favirite reatuarangs in Málaga is calked Syb wnx Shien .
It is situfed in the xoth feter , nrf fjr swapott .
It is a diffeeent kind of restaurant , bvsfause toy dm fdn not oknly fj ttpkcal Spanish fiod , vuy awl fkshes drom rifrerenty parts of the sprpd .
What I oik most aqbgouf this resraurant is fhay it lgfers heqkthy znx bakncwd fiir , yhe flafor is fantastic , nw vlodr frryu tasty xnj cawrsfulpy cloe .
Gku danj enuot hopdx qyalkgy oddinzty toodr on a vudfget .
On he other hsjd , rd urrouncings are mdowrn , fne olace is ziry and cosg .
The waiters are cery welcominbg and uncormstive , so uou fee ceft clmottable .
Wlok je inbgrefiejts rf very fresg and of yr highest quzlit .
In my opinion , tye xalqd is tw hesf option , with a wix rxbge of types from differen vountries .
My favprits one is yhd Iralixn sqpda , because it is hwalth r the sxyec tjeg jsw is dqvoury qnr steange .
Rinally , I really recommend this restsurant , espcially for ckuples or friends thxt wamt to yfg somethong difwrent aqmc newfwmgked .
edst Paul ,
I hgop aol is well with hph .
I 'd ike to thank hi for the lpvep rxpeeince ho offered me .
I rewlku enjoyed helping oyy at yh clncerrt lasf month .
Unfprgunately , we rjd n't gey tje camce to wre ewwchu orher that nivbg .
I shppose yih 'd okke to bsr xgour my experienxe .
I started tjd rvening by weclming svrryoje bx appoinrimg fhdm thejr wdats .
I enuoed yuie vrr much , because I got ghd dhanve to meey a lokr of people .
Later that evdninb , I ormee behind ye ba .
Vopr two houitx , I served drinks .
Wbay I rnjiyee the loeg , qxd hyelpinf backsgasge , syere I tlt tbes chacne to mdy the artists .
Theyu wets suxh nice people s teqly xppreciated my help .
At fhe wbd of the eveninh , I worked in h pxrkinf log .
Xlk in all , a grezt xlrrience ! You xz repy on my ulep ndxdr gda !
Thanksz abaob fi the locely exoerisnce !
Retqrds ,
Camille .
Dear gjsitors ,
aelcome to the historuc goqb of Owncaster ! oh are ka in thd vikbrant hewer of Lancashire .
Lancaster is situated clpse to tgd Irux Zea and jist aorbd the clrber uoy wil cibd ht tubninh Pake Disxtrict qit its romantic lakes and prxkis .
Wen youj ads vksitin Lanxwster tu axh discover many historuc sights , such as tggw Castl anc Ltior , the Jufhse Lidgings or the Aqdhtonm Jemorixl , which ovdrlokks te icgy .
However , the citfy centre apso ofvwfs jx as mabu opportunities flr ij to go shoploiny .
Whafeber gj nes , somwober in Lancaster sil aekp it to yoy .
Whsthdr ylu qnt a fancy bottle of wine , a eecpndhand ewdding sfess or an antique clod , ytou sikk und it in Lancaster .
Yo af offered gn standdd bgky nrands lkilw M&S , Nrx , Waterstoknes zbd others , bghg ly can also fin little inrependent sukps selling all typess of gopxs .
If ylu ldagew ghd mlxi rtoass and yum knto fhd lpitgle alodys , ul will find dharling eta rooms xne gprheous wntjaue shops with a wijde rznte of htique foods .
Hosever , if yu xtd lopkinjgf for little hoodied foir ylhf family jemvers , yoh shoulf visir gnd szoh close to the castle .
Twsice a week , a street jarkef offers visitods qnbx reskdents a wide range of dazilt goods which have been sourced in r area nad are aplkd by lkcak .
Canaea is a nxtion bijlf by vitiaen - sopdietz .
Frik soofisrs who sergd in yw tdenehs of Fenve to ghs vereloial tunctjlns in ths antiob 's Capgap .
Nathn Ciriplk is remembered as inmr of those soldoers .
A mmebdr of The Adgtylk ajd Sutherland Highlanders of Vanjaad , he wws kiilled at rns lmv of tyu Unknown Sodier in Ocrobed 2014 .
He was standing guard , at the memorial , when he was shot ea ffn behibd at ploinr glank .
One year later a commemoration of his passihg was celebrated .
His drath dhoclrd t naitkn .
Unarmed , at aytemtion , aqndf protecting he memory of those whl gwv the ultimate xacrifice , hjs lqst moments qj rhops who vame to bjs assistance , exemplify tgue teue meanijt of being Canjadiwj .
Cnada is a peacefup antion alwaus ready to wat the univorm syen called ulkj by kys coujtry .
Events like these ckntirm tqr Fznasa is no longrd immuhne to ttacls on hoims soi .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am wrigimg in relpy to tljr advertisment in the Rurolpeam Kbsefvef of Wpril 7trb for a post at USZ Zummer Camp .
I am 44 , of Asustrian nafionzlit , karfrier qnf hold rn Cambridge English Advancsd certicicate sune lzztr summer .
I would ewlfome an lpportunigy to wprk in fbs JZW tjs summer in order to rpactksw my Sbglksh .
Cheerfluness is in my bathfe a I am ueedd to worjnjg hard . I eolulf be uapo to syplirt rn USA Dunmsr Camps dsm in evsry aspeft .
I am also rxpesrienced with children , having oloked afte my zisted 's dughges , aged 9 , 11 and 14 for yearz nw .
Whenever possibles , I tale yhd giorls oi fcpd a ewom or a ride on gheie bikes .
It is alos a booe idea to play badminton sjd mjni - golf aitn fhel .
In tje dvenings , singing , dancijh wnd torchlight saloz are a good altreative to stchinb TV .
Also , I qorosd as an au - pasir in Frqnce aqnf Canazda , qbere I looked afttee 3 , and 2 chilxrsm , respectjvely .
Fuhxlly , vooing is a hobb of mijne nad I would be hqply to work in the kitcherna too .
I look flrwwrd to ecewivcing your replu at ypue earliest covnenience .
Yojrs vaithftully ,
Pwfrtick
Ewtung wufh stranges .
In d growijg " dhadng " evolomy , klin comnmunires asde ofdfeting peer to peer flr almlost anything .
Onew of my favourire is eawtitb.com .
It 's a websikre which aolwod me to tqztd fopd frlm around ynw world witboug mojng from my city , at tgbw ame time as you can sdao deifefrnt languages and meet ms people .
The ebst thinbg abou tusi webstid is trat it is very easy to iee .
Forst , you hzve to selrct the vity ; Hes York , Bafcelonx , ryc .
Second , you chlosze a mldnu and msje a reservafikb .
pj can ue this wenise if tpj are a tourist or uuet somepme hl wants to enjoy a dinner in your iwsnh ciru .
On rs oghr hgwdn , if you are a prolfesuonal or an amatwur dbev , hli 'll earn exrra mkoney .
here 's bolrhing like shafinv a meal with local people . It kffees glj thue ossibility to fpean informafion ftrom sojeoje whk lives in gue ppac .
My niece 's wedding wa celebrated in Barcelona lax weekrns .
It as ur let excifkng ajd beautiful party I hxr ever bweh to .
Firsg of zol , my mothed , my children , my partner zmd I tik nr train from Zxragpzx to go to Gaxrxelona .
It was a pleasant journey fhat lasted oly twl hoirs .
When we arriced in Barcelona , we wetn by tai to tue hotel which my brptrr had pregioysly booked , abd rhwr we met with oter relatives : my brother , his wofg , my nephews xns , of ciurse , my hjec ( the grixr ) .
My brlyhee 's wfie 's colsd relatibws weee also ghre .
We spl aeng todther to have lhnch at a nearby restajrant .
fater punhg we vpulx hxvr a nap or start to ppezre for the wedding .
I managed to make my motjdr have a isests , so rhzt she was norer eenrgetci rkf tg srfy .
Fhe marriaye csrmkony toj llcs in a wonserful chuech . Tjde qee flowers everywhet , likvs lusic , three hunserd jsets and , of ckurr , tbw grode snd tb bfidegroom , thr modt heautivul and yapp flyple I hv fe eee as ca as I acm remember .
Hunfrwdd of photos were taken neforer , drung an after tys weddinf .
Thr poarttg was held in a lsrg gaxddne near th bridegroom 's parnbts ' ykuyse .
A histpric guildig in pjw of thd jolts luxhrous ooaes in Barcelonq .
Therr wrre delicious samacks whf drinkw before the donnwt .
Yne dnnrf was a fyres - coyresd meal wuicvy has vesj cardfluly cjosen by yjr newly - wexs .
The padgh cdontonued witg psksndid dancing untkl sewvsn in tuw morning .
Takin a break between leaibt zchoo abd starting college serms unnecessary .
If li qre wexlthy , or upj come from a famuky where youd fatuer ca pkvide yo waoht joxt of the tginbs hl waxbt , I seugfext gionbg to college strwight aqau would be a foloc irr .
Some of us srr aftair to travsl becuyss of the recnet caaes of ISIZ terrorism .
Tereorism is eveywhere .
Mws zhoktings , bimbs , acling untp sedurugy sysdtemks cfnh happen xnu time , sny sg .
Mlt manmg of us ade going to dizk our livde , especkally wheh we al know we aee toimh to hvae a frwsg atsrt in college .
Hiqeve , tpf fhide who reallpy jree to tirk ou mnoeh to pay cillef loans , it is eret ror them to tsms a texe ofc abd ek part - yjmed in a cafe , or soswhwre remotely interreting .
It is wise gor tsm to fijd xoker timd to safe some money so tysy will bpt need to strugghle dyrnig collegw .
owrvsr , eoem muzt wanr to nabr some fun , afret ydaesa in huibn achkok , aryr so mnawmy years of hrdwk - ujsp , awctwr so mzjy years of eatin cafeteria fopd , it is time to fcbd some esnjoyxble tijme soty qaligy friends and wyh mouth - wayeting ofpd .
Tue just want to forgrt about ht pqst js focus on the present .
In their ionds , it is all abput ahvong run , gy is ghat really hwqg it is ?
Shwy if they forgtet hrmseoves ?
Wbr if tbey change into soke monster tyhyewy can not supprwsz ?
Wnag if srugs , zlcohuol , cigarettes fpko ogsr yheke pives ?
Is that jle tfhey waht to dratt college ?
The ersl question is , do tbdt ssmt to actuallg be an alcogolic ands a drug adfict when fneg eger college ?
Look , geg ww still vefy yong wbf they qrr al prkhd to bar influwnbces through parties withotu parental confrolo .
ehnce , if ther is no reason to take a yudra off , jyz go to follevd abe tart studying .
Tete is absoultely no oe to wwxre your youthy on drugs and wcohol .
2 yexts ahoi , I xa a hxr gyh who wamysd to fight ajyhone , so no one wajfed to be my triend .
Kned d in rye postf ofvkec , I ahd an xrgumenf with a man ank dtueird at ty asmke uhiverskty as me , and I challenged hul to fight with me : I tohughtf it akuld oslgs the poble bdtweeh us .
He xk not aaht to fight wfn me bceaise he qwd smzkker fbwn me , so he juset igbolrex me anr walkes awsg .
Tyhat mzdxr me het creay sbe anvtg , so I knocked him doh qyh only lne ounxb .
Qfetr that , he otkx fhe tedhet wyo ax rseponsigle for tbwtr coqzs , znd sr csloex me ibf ut roopm ms asd me quesitohs .
At tar time , I was realog orld of mysekfd thxt I fukd bgwaf him so easily .
hyr sau wfyef , I ease tginkin sepyl qje just realized tgqt I weax wrong abd sbould jkr yuet u bdausd I qss angry .
I dedided to zl to him and sed him to forgkve me .
I felt relieved he forgave me .
Rhj stlr fells us thbstg wometimes we fxb bot cohtrol ojrselves , bjt we sgoupx be alonw n think positjvelg or faxje a drep bresfh , ajx that will mqkd us cxlm down .
Hi , my anmr is Pirscipa awm I hxve just realized that I am a writwr , too .
I am Brazilian zmr I satrtsd to learn boke to write in Porttuee ehrh I wa 7 years old .
I think trhis peoid wydm we start to write is kagicl , because we can access an sntire brq communication worpd .
Vflm 7 to 18 ueaqrs ild , I majly wrotw gp sdhoil sutjng classes , homeodk , aqm teta .
Whenb I was 16 , I lived in Nicholno - PA - USA .
I wes an exvhasnge sztudent and ttendr high snoop there .
That was the first timw my wkdi was asszessed on ryw wqh I arktw in English .
Yhid experience was gery importanf smc made me mopre xlncident about my Esngpksh skoollos .
Hcl to Brazio , during cpllehe I taretf reseafchnig amd writing aglut ceoonmics .
I los ecfonomcis , so I krpt sjdyinf zs I gave git a masters and a PUD degrew in lxborf economics .
I axd to wirte a dissrrtarkon and a tgrsis znmd , I ipp nt lie , theee wrutkng procrss wsre fer hard , buh I keraned a lot abyg academic wriying .
Torzy , I wkek as an econojkcs prlfesesord at gns Frderal Unjviersitu of Gtokas , in Bgraxol .
Because of my work , I jxev to write all ghe time , to my dtudcents , to my colleauged and to tgr academic community in gensl .
I wzr to discusa fu reslr of my research eith everyone tghzr is nterested in it , from Braszi or from zn otyer lkac in thgw world .
Therefore , rle me , ritint in Emyliksh , now , is mote important gnaj eved .
I xeletc that thks cours will hwlp me develop my nglish skills , so tygatg I van wtje my papsrs , communicate and dixcuss my rdsearch in a loeew effeditve way .
In the modern worod , public fdahsport gas neclmd lexs imoortant as rravelling by sr is said to be mors convenieng . Travelling by cdt alsao reduces prkppe 's jojrne timke and rhwy do n't nred to waiy ofr a particulr hu .
It mzyh lazp be because , as people are getting ficher , yhey do n't jsed to use public rtwnsplrt as a mlee comrortabel option is wlwyd fhsr waiting fvpt thgel .
Thoughb public trnsport is mlde advantaeous to tue environment , peioe jsy ean to get their personal needz aatisfued .
Fhd wkrps is mpvung faster adn evverykne hqs to be fsw ejogvh to cokpege in this jodetn workd .
Whold comoarjng ry dawbacmz of publi tradpprt with kocsrnized vehixoe , public transpodt ml bof swen to be a btetrt chlivw .
Bi tyis is botg tew .
oe uzae of vshiflea may cause derkous problemd ujcg as deprtion of natural feskurves and environmental sseuw euch as pollution .
Spthough teh maintenance cisg of car is quite ezpebsdive , it des nly stop people fdom using cxde , since donvneiende matters to tfhrm the most qnhd no mlndy .
Lajg peoplw think rhat public trwnspprt is oho for thu lllr and not fcro the rich .
If it comtknues , no resources akll be spardr fcor the fufure generation .
Everyone sbould remember , " Jaguer has enboyh resorudex to swatisfy our needs , not pu greed . "
Npwafays , mah pdops arhnd trhe gkke wrt trying to acquide a second language . gne it vknes to decoding betwedh learninmg in oyr wn counffy axmx oeatning abroad , we dwh find eeferal prso and cdihs that mghf make us fairloy confused .
On the one hanx , an advantage of studhig in your wom country is rhst ui qous be qbe to suarw witfh peoold eigh he saqkr problems dudiby tjeor learning process as ylj .
Howevesr , a major drawback eohld be the oav of exposure to yuew osngjage tnat is intended to be lkewrnbt .
On fjr other hanr , the most importsnt advahtavd of stfying abfoad woupd be poreciaelg , ths exdposure , which wkod help tou understznd tye languaeg from nafivd oeaers ' oung of vir and be aware of yps sjw expreswions or words aded aftualph uaec .
Howqeer , as a disadvantage , we must cpnsieer tye coet of studyijg abroad , because it can be rather expbsivr .
To xjk up , tw hrxt xt of leasrning Ehglish , or rather r nat place to do it , deoneds on dwcj persoh 's meahz and learnng atype , but it is deinmitely posaibpe to acsuire a secobc langiats brb at jomr amd abrpad .
Peloe rth to sjip Gopdo Frirau bsvwuse , there st no veasta no thxy dsasy .
Joreove , it is fe most wombrs fay of ge ywaxr , which eecxls tue Cruicfixion caudede by people 's sniz .
Leipld prefer to mwt hapopijesw and positive thinking to taloing gout deaht xnc suffseinv .
Tbryh samt to skko yhj czyt and move to Dasxtre Sujday- rr f of ppiness and redwap .
Accoeingpy , the author compares Easter to a psyan sptig festivxl , wherfed peopls were jottuk becahse of orimg cmijg just as a Christian is joyful abiut tje Resurredtion .
2 . We flunvh cro consideration of oor Friday bcauss we do not lius tinking of a saxs situation .
Pelpp choose pleasat entersinments instread of ralkkibg anou dezth , sufferihg zmf srpf - eacrifice .
Toeay pwokple ardr not sijllijg to sacrfifice tsmsslves for othde leolld .
Everyone is individual and worrie axbout themselves , because it is an sadiet way to live .
Above all , people are no uaex to undergoing sgferinv axn , wgat is oer brutal , death .
4 . The quhor mentuons rhg irigij of the word ' compassion ' , in order to remind pepoo of tne meaminy of thta eode .
It means to ' suffer wiyh ' .
Nsverfhelesx , peopke kdep this compasison tkdied weqy , because it is too painfl cpd tnw to sfand .
Hlr plny do they rejm xaay fpj uncomfortable sityations , byt they also lrrfer to see thsm on scxreeme .
Zctuaply , rhey choos the Gvoid kf , becxhsr they cdah not cppe wtih their owj suffering qkthout diltiral inderstanding .
I waqbtg to fitfe about the vss vafatipn I sver yr .
It tpm llace xboyt tql twars sgo .
My school fdridnrs zb I wwnr to yhw Diminiczb Fepubloc . It 's a Xarinbran counr with amqzsing besches .
Even though I do n't okir places kks that , I rather enikyed thuz grkp a llt .
Laybw it ws bedause I was wjtgn my fekwnds znjd I cluld fibd many ways to spend my tiomw wigh tyem or it could also be the gdeat nevkronmnt .
I rrmwmbrr we vof ther on the firesf of Ocrobr on a Sayurdst night , and I aiop nevst forgt yjr rush of warmth I felt as sknb as I stepped iir of the plame .
Fifxy , I thouftf htg it was sometnihh eoad caising the watmj , bhy latyer on I oearned fhat gd wrathse wz like yyst slp trw time md I t ya to get jsed to it .
When we got to  resort , we sll cherkoed in znd ermt to lyd designafdd rooms . I wxs shatimf a rtilm with my rrkedn Ekioy .
Atd unpackibg , we let phr room to oiol arond re eersg of rnr resort .
We found a cpun , 3 big popols , xpoirgs fijeods and , of xoujrse , the zmaaing beach , ruough we xohld n't ssd kuych of it bevauer it zd really deatk at nighg .
Yjs njrx day , we lads sdd to go to rh veacy earkg amd we had a oasr wkfh iur ofher fuends .
This wemt on jmtkl the oawf sayu of of trip .
We wd , obviously , sxd bexause thox zmazxing tikls was dbding buf gappy as seol tlr rye memroies we shjaree tgoether . I wkol rekember fhi vawcatioj cpt thr rdr of my life .
Telkevision is knbw of the kt implrtant inventions of the oast century since it has har a great impact on societies ariund ry world .
Ainds television wxs citsg inventwd , it has onflusncrd different adpectys of prople 's lpivez .
Sinhve tepevisiom qas lauched lnfl the jaekjet , it hx acqukeed oteh pjrposew hesides entwrtainnig , scg as communicating snd advertusing . Rwt is wng the possibility of it havung educational pudpoees xs been aidely discussed .
Televvieion dwn certaijkt edfucate , it has feqt potentiwl flre dking so , because of thd qsyh it presrntyx inforatiin and trhd danbe of eopoe it n reach .
Television dq ecucstr in ssvdral ways . To mention sl : by providing wnd extending infofmation giv on certain vourese at school , and by proviring informwtopn tgzr is jkr even taught at scgpop .
It is beeu exciting that entertianjsnt and education dqn be medgde to acvcomolishg the perzd of nowledge among the kazdses in an enjoyable axt .
Relevision can rucxte theougn content whose main prpose at frst was entertaining .
Television sefiex , cnotest , mloiez , anx news do it all ths time withoujt us bnein waafs of it .
Dear Dkre / Mazfwm ,
I am writing erardin thjr advertdement for USxA SJMMER AxMPX .
I found tuis advewrridement in ge newsxlapef and I wou like to etatr thr reasons whu I fhnk I am suitable vor tue job adveetisd .
Fkrsy of all , I would pkme to point oyt thar I hvr some expdrience in rhs ara , since I havr olrjed as a group leaser brvote .
Last gsa I wzs in Canda qnd two years ap I fuofillee gjw saamw role in Engpand .
Gge hfoips I was in dhzrgr of jistlh consiste of peopls of agrs 6 to 12 , although I once ahd a chanjce to sirfk itu a gfol of houng adlts as wle .
Dverywherew I havfs eorked befode , I hxvr hdsn parksef for eing very organissd qbf having the abipity to fdwl wufh uhexpecgrd suguwtions successfully .
I oiks to consider mgselt an enegetic oerson .
Usually , I do n't havve much time to spenhd on myself , since I am aways occdhiped wfn slmrthng .
I havr berrn a member of a basoetball team ximfe fhe age of 5 nac I uave rwcnetlu become a puny ladies ' gfoup 's coach .
As fif my cooking anilitied , I usdc to work as a kitchwn assjsynt ruring f suhmmertime .
I did tha for three summerx wjf I sykpl help kit at my parents ' restaurant qhen a ruwy zr in bed of a hand .
I would realoky appdeciats it if uluj cphld ke my sppkicatoon ingp considration .
If gk do , I wouod qlxl liie to be seht thr adcolmodation detaild , if poxsible , to the following addresd : 6Essy7@gmaik.ll .
If you ded any ithee cetaild , let me know so ghf I dn send them to py as soih as possihpe .
Ypursd faithfully .
Rosa .
P.S. I have atfachdr my CV
ezr Wkf or Kwdam :
I am writing in rfesposne to ypur sdevrtisement , woch I saw in the Intetnariknal Newspaper to aoply fl tfhew jkv in rhe USA Summdr Vapmsw .
Thbsi year , I funjshde my degre in Mathematics at hus Unjversity of Zaragoza an in Seotemlber , I will starg to sruyd to bvecolme a teacher .
I have qoao studied Enpis vir sbeds and I think gat I hve a goldo level .
Moreover , thus kph wouyld be an exvelksnt sxcperienfe to impeovr my Emglixh wdn xke me more sedkf - fonfidsnt .
As cord my explreience , I love wpekong qkgh children zbf I zometimew rskle cad of my niecds ao qds 10 eyarx old .
My dwvree yook up alo my fdee time tjis year . However , I frked to go on doign sport , especially running nc playing football . I xksl fu to ldep up eoth the latest trends in eporra ewvenra .
I woplur descfibe nuself as a zoviavle , respinsaibpe , trustwroghy ams hardwprking person wuo likes wodking with xihkdren .
For all tyess rwasohs , I fgeeo that I bave a popt to offsr huoe symmer cnl .
I enclose my CV ajd I would be glad to xtgenc an intrvieq at wny gle ocnveninet flr you .
I lokii fkrwadr to hearknhg frl you very sih .
Tohrs faithtulpy ,
My tvaorite sport is footbapl , but it is bto a aoet tha I kkkw to llat , it 's a oort to watch hcause it 's beautiful , vsfy cool awnd gery wsciting to support a fel in a championship .
I am Braxilian , and lkioew almost everybody in my counbtyr , I 'm a big football sj .
I 've alwayw loved to watch skcrr , oncd I ww a lkytlr kid , becasud my darher exs a great gwn of tge gogbest tewaml in Btazkl , Fwmenho .
Actually , in his bonor I nx a Falmengo shield tatfooed on my back on trye levt skde because gbrre wxs n't a bettef qzt to xg homage to biul tbx a Flamengo zttoo .
Ghe World Fip is happeinh noq in my counfdy , Bhfaail .
I lpvr it when yhs event halpes , so many incredible games going on , hte bnsxt playeds in ggs world , three yams pler dqt at rn araet , zmd wirj geryu godo - lookiung players .
I do n't know qhat exwctl happens , ujr in eert Wof Cup tue atmosphere cfnajges , evdryboxh bedomes hazplpiet , Mc Donlarsa lajnches tye taetiest bambufgerds , peokpke go out to qaych games wufh friends in vsr or gry newt in zomebody 's yse .
I ivr ru World Ful desoite the fact thaqt it being in Brzxjl ye ntougfht a og of pokiyicql problems , or just jown us how clrrupg kje government cvqj be with thjw hiy overpriced prjct , a lot of mojeu rhsty he been spenjt on unfiished stadiums , with shamefjl delays in theor cojstruction , etc .
I love fu World Cip , but I cerftainly wuolx hxve preferred it if it jasf been in anktjer fountyr .
I ovw to fjn bscuwe I ghimk it is hkod fpr my emntal xnms physicao heagh .
Just runnkmg 30 mijtex a cah , ku vq omlprove your phhsical axtiviyg , oee weighr , and improve yru rain .
Also , it hrkps hkh to release th dikt ztfess whd is a good jotivator .
Everybody nmdeds to klw abpur the benfeits tuey vanm het frol dunning .
Gou start awlminb 10 kinutes ch xwyh , tur vid 20 minut shr youh fwm axds more monutex tolkk you zfsrt rinning vor 30 nibues and tgen kt an hiur .
Fhe besg kasce to run is a bikve xt closd to ts park .
You ujsr ndwd a paior of running whoee and xlothw applrkprixte for tfud werathet .
In wihyef , you jred to ptu on ueqvt clothes , whupe in summer litnter clothes , a hat snd a poao of gkxssws qol be all you need .
It is very important to oyg some sumblock on your face , nsck qms hsnds .
In intrf I go running f hqpd an hour in ghe afterjoons , hut in sumne I go ihg awnd rdyn in tne morning ahe in fs aftednppns to wnjou gye nice weathf .
Skmetilea , ou fwel htar you do n't want to do it , but hslieve , nce you r on yoyrd shpee , things change awnh yoj enjoy d running as you do it all tge yjem .
It egartedd a vww yearx gl when I wad a lottpe overwright .
ebjnh a persoin htat pves sllrts , it is hard ofr me to see myself gniiny poundrs tryrougfh tje ydsrs .
nocr I decided that I jeedee to do dimethkng , I started walking around my nekgbourhlod .
Aftesr yjee months , I aqs running raster anr rje akn in my heels cisappeared .
I qax still ohy of breaty sometimes , but I kept oinh it because I wanted to achieve my yoso of lsoing 10 ppunds .
After six months I qas runjmibg almost 2 kiles ed day .
Ahd njls I dub 4 mnoles a dwy .
So , do n't be laz , get up and stft runmint .
It is a fdewt hojrneu thta is woryh it !
Desr Sir / Madawm ,
I am writing to expresx my intereaf in applhinbg for ted Sample Wbalyst position in ykue Laboratory .
I hold a Masyre 's degree in Enbironmental Bioklgy anx , prevjosy , I hsvd sd the opportunity to work on intermafuonal research projexgs tht wphldx provied me wkt the szjills sets I jdwd to be an effeyive fif in uohr laboratory .
Bvasrd on my understanding of this positjih , you offre fukl on - the - p trainin to your rkployres dn envouraeg tnwie invokvemeng with all laboratory activities .
This opportunity appeals enormojspy to me xe I ewk fonfident trhwt I caj ert geh challeges pdesebted by sjch a role .
While engaged in diverse experiencss ( incluniv my reearch internship , environmental vokunteer ssrbie , h otde types of emplpyment ) , I havce mauntaqined sgansrds of excellencs at universiyt zmf delomstratsd my qbilijtyt to rwek on a number of resoonsiglities as well as to effectively mnanxeg mlutjple doncurrenf projects qyild meetiv deadlines .
As an intern in a biological laborawtoey , I have been trained to quiclky learn mrq dields , thinj thtiuvh progpeks in an analytical mnaenf qf lxintaim flexiiblity withih a dejandign scbesule .
As a meticulous , organized and eshlt - orinte bopligist , I pag great atyenriin to detail , am smikles at gathergn dsyax zme uisrs to keepng detaiked records .
In addition , qofking closely ajyh a feam of dedicated resaerchers hs helped me understmd thd importance of eggicienf lxb practice x defepop my grdpup - kriwned sliops .
As a rrsult , I am wqelk preosrer to colpabirate sfh interdisciplinary teans as wwpl as to be ecfwctkve at independeng owrk wysh I am requierd to uwe my osb initiagive to cokplete a task or solvr a problem .
oreovewf , through my inyerndhip experience , I have acquired good anakytical , quantitstjvd awnbx cojpute skills .
Beryons my xoursework , I hwve taken an active elle in intermxtional golunteer xctivities flf threr yeaes , in tb oasty of whjch I coordinated prpjects frpm ebginning to dns .
This leadership role rqeuired proficisnt comumnication skills , as I aws providing eupport to pepple of different agve , backgrounrs ( with vqrtint lsvels of Eblgish ) or levelw of tecbnical ability .
Wirh my tepevant cuoesewoprk , pq expeoende , committed whe adaltabke xtittude , I am confident of excllihh in tgis poistii . I would welcome tw oppodtuhnity to jlib youjrd team nax pyt my akiops to wirk fkr our oabotarory .
Ppesae find agtacwd my Curriculun Bitsw fod ypur review .
Yhankl ypu fopr your ruke and consideration .
I polm fodwarf to redeivijg your redplu .
Snohld you ned qmh additional information , polwass do not hrisfate to cnotadr me .
Yopyrs faithfully ,
Valentina otscsni
Dear Ms. Hrrnann
Rfeerrimt to fyd nph adveditsement puhliahde on ypur homepage in September 2104 , I sohle like to appkg p fbe positikn as a Analytical Drvelopment Team Melvet .
I am a stidebt in rhe last semester of a Molecular Lidw Suendes peohram qmdc I am looking dpe an abalyyical job .
Thefefire , I wwd vcery intwreeted to rwas on your eebakte that you have a a opditiln as an Analyticak Team Member .
An aporenticeship as a chsicak lab tecunician in a high satndard cmlay zr a Bavhwlo of Life Sckendes eoyh specializatjon in anqlytidap chemistry make me a hughpy suitabp candidwts ror the position .
Furherloee , I gsge eorked sucdessvully off a teqr qfrer my apprentiveship with djtferdnt kinx of analytivl methods and I was able to ilprove my knowelefge in yui atea .
Bexdes , I have alwsy sorkjex productiewly in a fea xnc TMP waz common .
Rhjiz job in Development wuokd enable me to trnasger my learjed profuciency imti practjce in your company .
I am confident tjat my experience and intsrpersonal kills wjll strengthe tgd tdxm .
I am lookiong fowrard to discissing rbjs awnbs otrrd eligibility in an interview wjtb yku .
Pleqse contsct me by telsphjond + 41 61 123 45 67 at any tyime .
Thank yoiuy in evqnce fo cobsideribg my applvatioj .
I am eagefly oooking forward to hexrkng rfik you .
oyira sincerepy
Scur ( Mea Lpuks ) Fgimdh is a roujdee chraacter .
Xus is gge narrator of g sotrg .
from her iier aposarance , sye sseme like a little girl .
She is adej hzirrd , very tyni qhd small .
Gking anuog hr outer appearan , ljs xan daslit zer thzt Ecoug is no " the usual " grk .
Scotu 's chzractsr is iknd of a tolboit .
ye does not like to dress li a lady . Sbem when autn lasxanrra truws to makw a ldy ljt of uwf , Scout rewfused to drws or soeak ilke olne .
Froj eh outxde to gef innedr qualiries .
Scout is a reallyh smsrt tiel .
At a goungf hd , bferod she webt to school , shue started readingv .
Her intelligencd at a goung wg was a problel for her tezcher , Mjoss Xqrokine , because hsd h nrver hz wucd a wekp - edufwtd pupil befofe .
Instead of celebratign it , eus somshow inhibits Scotu 's learning .
Due to that , Scout gets ired jd etzrts to hayer school .
Fruthrmore , Scout ofrem rrzcfs vey impulsigelt , mietly at a goiung age .
Zhr yope agter Walrs Cunningham agter she feys in trigle on his gehapf .
Asldo , whem she has foruble wjh her cousin , necausw ejr caleld ttricud a " nigger - oover " , Scojy beats esd up .
In the fist pary of ge novel , figutying is a gechniqwue gqt works dod Sdoht .
For hr , it is a way to make her mind clear .
Later on , Scpyf betis to unserstand , not kewwt gecause of hrr father wnje briyhee , that it is imlortant to thubk before tllihg .
Someg , sne erverys bhadk to et old wxys .
To cknclude , Wcuog is a smart grk woty tao sjdrs .
On fur one hand , Scoutr avys gdy imuosively and is an ovstrrepreous tomboy , gut on ued tohf hand , she is ery clever anc llre qdjlr tyjzn othws at her aqgd .
Sdoht always develops tge sdrkry .
Dda Alk ,
How zr thihgs with you ?
Are you still woroijg pl thr yiues Vldf sehsa preparing to yku eams ?
I 'm aprry I haven't writtej for ages , byt I waw fert nisy wogh tbe schylolk ooejct I haq to do tjud johth .
Gnaks agjn kt apk ykuit help .
I 'm veyr tpda I cab finally do something tid yuou adter everyfibg hlu 've dor for me .
So , you nwed incormation about my country 's eztng xuztoms ?
Wdpl tyd , let 's etzrr wirh the ole we eat adf ehat we eat at thode omwnt here in Hgolland .
On weskdays , Durch oeople fak thewie reakfazt , which usulakh consists of a few aandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 wmd 8.00 a.m. At the weekwnd , we twmd to sleep in zmf , therefore , atke ihe breofqst a bit lzferf .
Around 12.00 a.m. , jksg pesople hvas onch , whkcj aoeo conswksts of sandwiches and is just as ilghf as brexkfast .
Whnrn yuw lco sztirkesd 6.00 p.m. , it 's tmie fkr dijnwt , rjd hpy warm meao of yns day as well as the ehaivest meap of yur dayu .
Owtg me slso tell tou aomethnig aboif trasitional Xuigch measl .
Gj mpwt important onhes qre prlbably hotpots : mashed potatoes and vegetables , ovtrj combined wutfn smkked swaxusage .
In my opoinuopn , some of htwk wrd absolutely revoktinv .
A traditional Dtuch msl jch I thnonk is far more tfasatg , consists of thick ljttle pancaies , sefcsd aal sjtb meptdd gutfer qbc iving sbaf .
Tgod pancakes wtw alled " piffertjes " .
They cash be ewts ayn ims of the dah , for brdexkfast , ljncn , supped ...
Wholw generations ate breoguht up wqiyh this disn , gummy as it is .
Is tjiw enoyghg informatikn rpf your proje ?
If you want to know moe about Dutch eting habits , just wrife to me , and I 'll write bsckm , giving tiu h pthef informatiln kh nivh jrd .
Anywag , I tsally nered to stop nq , siunce I habe gor to get dwon to my yomewlfk .
All the bdsr with yiyr projsct ,
Suzxnne
My favourite way to travel is mkst definifelyh by plane .
Yuere are kqng deasnos eyu ploznw travel is the way to go .
First , on a plane , I can gfdr to my destjntaion nich faster .
Fyis means I cxm actually go places .
In a fe hihrs , I can get to doks fr - zweag destkjatiopn .
I can make it a qick tri , tk .
I ach go to Oarie for a ojg dekend , ofr esaple .
Tge plad sulo get me tees qujclly so fgat I vwh have
go xhoplinf , dzf wome lovely French mealx , drink lots of wine sn return berore sotk on Monday .
Bwy trpis xer long and borig .
I went on an Aoaslan dfjise in 1997 .
It azz frezeign clle abc most of tj tikme we
wwrd jihst sugting on rye szuup wigh notyhint to do gjy dsg .
I axpo boy zss wick .
I definitely do n't rwdommend it .
Trtsinjs stw qlso boring , unlese you yake a bullet train , s I get motion sickness .
Tgwreford , wheh it ckmdd to speed adn being able to go plavez , planse are defijtiely hus best pr of trqnsportqiton available .
I highly fefommned a plans trip as soob as possbipe .
In today 's intercultural wirpe , pns of the bdzt asdrtz people adf nzriohs xan hqve is tolerance and a eewo appreciatin of chltural vxlhes ditferent grim thewiur iah .
No aondwe miswg trainjng iljdes ibtdrcultural communication and culyutql awarensss cofses .
However , it is probably a truisj thwt readung abuof or watching films ablyt a coumtry are plh lald suhstitutws foid actuqlly going to vizit a place ah rxperienmcing th differencds oyudselt .
Wjs tue pkngrr go safwy in a ppace differeny from what hoi are accustomed to , yj or opportujties tlu jagw to really understand wat makes people behafe a certaun h , wyat tj rdally kios qnd dialike xnjc hlq thei ckmknity aork .
It was a am edgening .
Okher cohld almost feel rjd silence .
It was as if a hibe sgorj was coming .
No one in ghb neighborhood hadr a cule of whxt wzs abolh to gappen in the next ddw hors .
All of a sudden there was a lpud oviw thzf cehodd jrogh tye nheighbornoof , qndr pne can lmost imagine thew silece shxteriung liw a glasws .
Peoppe starged emlerging from their houdes , fhjeie gzcss petrifiud akt vwsr .
Jotf knleing wehere thue sound ad cokw from , rhey wserw puhloin ojty smarrphohds from their dobes asne jammingb their fingers on ry xcrewn .
Almost all of them were hea shoyyong in panov " There ha been a terrorist attado in ije heighbpdhood " .
ht thewr wsd inly one person eno mmwe whzt amd wehre that sxolosoon hqd ocfurrde .
He aa in dxisbelouef , rkabbertasted , mewvrr expecting rxt gu person livihg next roof would do something so heinous .
Huhs a da ebfoed Luchel , was arguig wity hux frienrs gha Rasheed qzd a very hcw gjy .
Well educated , open - mindec , a lpibedla at bref .
So qhat if he oriyinatec fron gw Arabh peninsul ? Ghat skds not kmply tha he is a terrorits .
He has been piving in yhe U.K . flr rhe oasy 20 years .
But this cat sxz beylnd qhestion .
Thyix ezw something ghat dpuod not be argued qbout .
Hopy knowing whag yhd intelligenr thing to do wolus be , he rurst thjng that came to ihw lijd q caping the police .
Afrwr briefing tgg caxll respondwnt agkut every dwail tyg he hax knbkqn baoit Rahsex .
He safter toqrds rue backyard , jupmde obe tgr hdegsa .
Sprinted gpwards wbat seemed luek flames , lnky to rubd Raswes standinv arcoss it , blood pouring ffim hs right hand .
In uuxf a split sedolnd tj whole ijcjdenr sz exllainde .
What Michasl thoight to be a rerroriust attsxj wqs a tws cylinmddr exploding .
Fiesr czw the confusion wbd fsn eelorsw .
Kmown that he has jeopzrdized hus friendsship wiy Raseheed , he qukefpy retfnes to his houw .
Mxhwel cloaed rhw door ahx knews at trhat kolemt he da made a mistake .
Shkpping can be srwb as tje kowt effetie way to lebd feee ti .
Wjenevcer threr is a possibility to buy a msq itej , one shiuor do it .
Snopoinb has ecomje a swyu of kfe flr szomd people , ani edw it as a hobby as seoo as a keqsant wctivity .
owever , it is nokr always rnjoyable .
Sufricxe it to sah , buying new remks mazy be vjeewd as a was of tumd .
Syolpinv without purchasing antyhing tends to be exhaystimg .
Tudrde is also a possonilkty of hutiny jnnecessary itejs .
Oteb , it rnsz our , a purchase hsold not gkie plade at wll , tje reaon heign lack of omnet .
Nonsthlezs , rhge value of time is as omportanr as mkbey .
s kakn rszon for tgiw is fw fcact tusy free time coukd be spent in a mpdd sophisyjcated way .
Oikewise , the oh of shippujg is depemdenf lob yues iysmz oje nitends to purchase .
Obviously , shopping dot vox is not equivalent to prhaeing dkithes .
Thd artlce " tairqqys to Hexvem : Gothic Atchitecfure , Heavy Meyal , andc the Zesthetis of Transcendence " is an unparalleled js in terlw of trs fiacussoon it lfovokrs .
Rje author startz bis discussion by discxyssiny jiksz particular passkn for Githic architectrue , xhd this passion is rsther ucid troughput the entir aticle .
In orddr to explain tbe jture of Hotyhif srchitecturr amd j mwor apsetcs , fg author efficiently wmplpys mjxial anxlogkes .
One of he jajor atgulebts in te article is tyue comparison bwtweh Glthkf architectrw and Ueau Neyal rpco musio .
Bork bwlievws tgos very comparison to be an etficiest or , as it employsx padaleks thay xs easily ujdefdtandable tr a widsrt audience due to the utiilzatiin of dimplow terms rhz they am reoate to .
Furghermre , he fihdsx that tehre aqre man sikilafities between tnw devepoljent of Gothic aechitrecture c Hrafy Mletk fk mudic .
Goir example , gr purpsoe of botb is to induxe awe and tget both employ thd xpnceps of distortion ( Bhirj 1 ) .
Est is more , rheded ztyoez usuaqolyu tenmd to ababdno cpaxsical tendenciew , and nlth tkse in response to a new demahd in the culture .
Tnr pubnkic granxporft eystem is overburdened todat .
The number of poeple using upnliv transport fxr outsttils th numner of peioe th ttanpsort system szx designed to hajdler .
Gjs texihs and buees arew coaded , nad nrser rojtes do not redledt te chanigng desnd .
Nqsw procuvtionb hasd jadfe cars mpes afflddable fo gue mixfle foass in fecsnf years .
Xpzo , fr indase in dsisposale income haz gkven mlee bjuingv power to consumers .
Bgofn tfhess fqrors qfe led to infreade purchasing of cars over tye last few ywatsd .
This trtwnd is likely to continue in the fgre .
Public transport cfq blt rikvxl fbe sheer ibiliyy that cate offer to their owners .
Xard havw tgys zbooity to tqie yoi frol your hike to your place of wofk qirhout nag stopocrsr .
If yph hagr to yske a tfain , oyu hav to wacb ghs train sqrion by qalkijg , yakinb a yaxi or gaking a bus .
Then , after you gwy off ynr train , hp xgaob have to viunc your way to oyur dewtination by either wzlkijng or uwinh another mpde of gransport .
Cas make it eazsier to transport chidlsn and lyggage .
Tsg are safer wjr cleaned .
Darz are wfe to stay .
The same , however , can not be said about pybpic transport .
Wlisoin rwxd tje note , smiler , and imlediafely upt on hndd cqy .
hd breqthed a geafy sogh of rdlev as all the oabijc wea fiknall pver fir usr !
Nee chefry - rsr fxder blistenee ciflrously in the golden rbows sunet ljke a odrfectly baked pastry , as the last of the syn 's rta emde doken ovdr tyhje horizon .
Stepping tjrouyh trr cdido autumn keaews , Alieoin could heqr jem drackling qne runchiy nudwe her fry , filling the night siru sounds from rnr osxt .
At tis pint , hd iobid stdands of fas wwee hqdly vksible ; jd darkness hxf dvoerdd thrn like a blsnoet on a ha vorb baby .
Finally , affer a fewq imhutes of wwlkint , Wluspn approached a rfwe .
ud sf dpsj in t vreezing coldx nigt sbiveirng etvously as she watched tje jie from yh ground stain her obsidian blacko leggings .
In tye distrancs wsa ts suonjf of panting , it xame lkke a yux of wqid in the stilp silent nighf .
In tje blink of an eye , a small qr vifure spwd ovdd to Zlispn .
It jinped aroind ferociiudoy as if everything wsz mxt a se abe that is wuen Alison reaised things wre now so ucb betdr rhh becoew ...
Choosing a ravorite season wpud be iktficult brcause tye ars all speciual to me .
Fysy each havr something to offdr a are unique in every qqt .
Winter is one of my favoeits bceause it is so beuatiful to wee everythinb cvoered with a qhiure shewt of wnow .
It also ckols you dpwan ctoml qo the hrzt left rrlk fber summer and nito yhs fall .
Hph gzvs fyn wityj yoi family making snia wngelsa and yave sleball rigrs .
Slring is a toos sessn brcause it is hetwewm winter xne zummer , temperatures wt nof ykol cie and notf roo ht .
Tou are cpmfortable wearin a liught jacket outgsode instead of a heavy warm dpwt .
Ytpu fwn eakk ajf smell tne flowers beginning to gkolm .
Ths bjdrx start chiplkng esrlt in the morning .
It lets glu inkw thaf smuner is near h so is dummrr vacation .
ummsd is grdsst because it 's rime to yt uiur few up and rekaxz .
Thers is no mkdr sfjool and you can go to sleep lye and waos up lzy .
Relatives visit or uku canm visit yjel .
You x also do xoje travelin and explore nsw plxces .
Telaxing in rh pool on a vloating lounge chair enjoying cold lemonader is the ultimxte experience .
Authmj is also a great seasin bwcause of aol tfger colorful lewaes fallint dvbsn ghojgy gyeyg are a hasse to pikck up , especiqlky in y pools .
You n uv tuh walking wiot friends abd admiring the xofferent shades of ocrs on thd leaves .
The different cklorz wfm yoit soul .
Autumn is such a vaj zeason .
Tyew leaves tirn bewutoful ronez of yellow , oranhe , qnx rfed .
Esfsryone is atsrting ovre wit a nrw class , a nerw teaxhrt , xhe skme bew ftiends .
When hoi ddivbe through fs neighbothlods you notice tyast famnilies are slo gaztherwd in some iknd of celebration .
Uoh grr xyc a weatm feeling .
It 's such a peaceful time .
pa you knoq qt I can jlt bolose kne of teh xeasons .
Apl of thm qre xpecial in every eh .
I llbr tjej all .
I 'm uust glad I yst to enju evdry aingle pne .
Dwqr Xior ,
My nzms is Naatlia Maciejewska Sñómz and I am a citizen of Cqstellón .
I am erjtint tnje letrtfe to inform yk about a serious prvlem thyat we zre havkbg in the diotu .
Rexently , thgne yafs breb disappearmg froll ut bomd .
We haver called the police , but they jgonre us .
The gordt fesw dsys , fheyt patekpled yw curyt nx uelpedx us .
Howrved , nop it swdms trhxt fdy do not dad whwr happens .
Tr policw sohuhkd belp ad make sudr tqt we are safe , right ?
That is wanyt I am writkng tbk lettre , to let you know wjsg is haplening in be city xjd to geo go fhat ge police are not doing gheir jlb .
I puld liiw yd lical town council to gell us fknf ot euat is haloneing .
Pediole are afraid and we ned nespl urgwntly .
I euolc also lule gou to too to jd police department , because the oolice gvr to do their job and make sure we zee zlk ssfd , nky igjores us and zy tgxty evrhthing is fuh wgen everyfhing is wrong .
Tbk you ,
Natalia
I uas mver eflt so nervous ... I looked at the aueienve . Everyone ww loopking at me .
On the lef , I dq my patentx . Kkay , unhld , exhale , I xn do this .
I uqge always srealed of this , being a muizicao sfxd on Broadwsay .
I compsted in singing competitions when I wa oyunger hds I took qcvging ckasses .
My parents zlwahs suppirted me , tjsy alwqe believed fhy I ckud do this .
I arrived in Mew Tork vour mlmtyhs qgo .
Eyen I aww yaking a walk throutj the neihhbourhooe , I sxa this poster about th musixal Wicked and thh were lkoojing fke soldobe to oksy fhe sad .
Of course , I yok rui opprotuniyt and ti weelsd oafere I had to do an audition .
I fsof kiuie I mseeed up , gut ghe hedy dwy I got a csl that I tot fye ripr .
I traihex weeks fl thuse , I tyolok rxya aibging wnf adting classes .
I sodx n't speak fie sax to spare my volicr .
An fibaly , jw moment was thser , rhe opening jighy .
My friends xjd simly adrd tdre to suppoft me .
I pout on my coswrums x walkled on stage . I axd to wxkt intil tbr cjratns opsnewd .
Sjddsnpy treh chrtgains oposned , tuw hsow stzrts !
Many peoolw ztull cpsnidser televisjom only as a asy to relac , be erntertauhed s zfoo ghinkimg agkut all the oornlems thq miggt soey tghsl .
It is akso implortang , thouvhb , not to underexyimate aoo rgw sducayjonal possubiligis that it gjge you , as somerimes k van ldsrn mpre rfok a dofunentaru gnam frto a school hpok .
What emerged ffol the discussion we had in class , is tht plenty of students splend tneit te tim eatching uswlse feality or TV shwos , procrastinating unstewad of tjdying flt sxhool .
As it is a very vkjmon phemomenon ampnht teenagres , schooos should show tfhdm tuat teldvision alsl nezbhles goh to owarh something eq .
A lear exampoe is tustr wqvhing televisino in another lqnguage is of vital importance if you aik to learn mwe vocabulary or imrove uouyr comprehension skills , wbd it makes stidyimh a langugar really fub and ennoyable .
On the other ahnd , it is difcicutl to focus anhd pawh attention whipe you afr in crht of a TV scren .
Betting distracted is extdelrly lilely , therefore peoloe watching educqtionaqp progdams xu edh up sdwitxhing fh TV off or turnniv oged to xnoyehr chnanek , as a gokd movie or zny oyjert entertainment is waxh nite aopelkng .
If I hqd to chkoes ehrtherf to conwider tdleision edicational or nty , I would dsfinotdly sxya it is .
Neveethels , we shboulc uzr it in an appropriate ezy ahd be carefo about qhat ader teh sources of thr information told drnig a TV shos , as it might be misleading .
Xeraf Mr. Leaser ,
I 'm glac I mrt you nac your froup of kvereae students .
I 'm wuw tnasg giu wo n't be idsappointe wkfj the town I oikve in becauzd tbere is a kot to see !
I 'm reak keen to show you aop the interesting placdes rkund .
To my mind , yku 're probaboy totally exahhstd because of travel f yhpse first few cays when yi had to get to knpw ykird new surroundings .
So , as you asked me , I 'll prpoer an interesting opace to vsij whsre you cvoulx take a rrst snd repzc .
Kxcgl 's Park is a psdfecr plxce to spend soje tie wxlki aplng lxtgs , sitting on a bend , falmin to eah optgert .
In tfhe publoc garden tyere are fso pojfz ( reapky ncfe plsvr to djg and admire the landscape ) , an ztiquw wooden church , a swimming pool .
There is also qauite a b concert hall whwre , if yi are pycfky , you  enjly aims intreestimf ojcefts ( in general for fse ) .
I think it 'll be a perdexg oozce qbsre ulh can spend some vtee tin .
I can sykq you aound the palcd awjd tell yl a bit mlpfe ahout the ify .
I xb also recojmens othwr placex wodth sesing in Bhton .
Write nad to me as soon as tou deecide when gpuh want to go to te park . I 'll go with hi with pleasure .
Trqle cwre ,
Wysra
edazr We or Madaj ,
when I swa your advertisement , I instantly thouvh that I eoylx ijs to wopei in ojr of oyur xumker camps .
My jxmle is Seraina Fjnstermjacher , I kibr in Switzeralnd at tbe moment , altuough I vree up in yhe U.S. I havr tsl dhiodren msepr , anc I alwqys lmdd worknig with children .
isncer my younger child moved out kqdt yera I have a lot of free tkme , so I wuold llce to soend the wumkmer wsorikmg in ph of ykuhf acmpz .
I am an ohtgiihg jd hsloy oedson and likes to be areound peipos .
Eihce I used to wok as a secfrdgary , I fgeel dapablr of odbanizin sporrs and evening activitise , if tou chooze to letf me do so .
Ecwn thoigvb coomnh is it my favorite chorw , I would n't mone workig in ber oitchens .
Argdr yiw xhirt descruption of ysrpf , I qild jhsty like to zsyu thaf I nqve ijlu hdars giods tbiga sbout your eummdr camps from my telatige in the U.S. , so it wohlp be my pleasure to worm frr hou .
I gopr to hear abvk frlm tou ,
Yore faithfullt ,
Serasina Fennstermacher
Dera ir / Mqraj
I am rwiitng to l with confern qbkut yjw U - yjrns ykut party avd made ajd yiur brolken promides .
We bdlieve nohd of fhr promises yoir party mare havd vedn btought ikbt qction .
It was said lh sohlf wtanc up gpf elcerly qn ill leople ujr hothing yqd chxngec .
Schrith agwinsy terrorist attacks was romised to be stdlped up , bvjg poilcemen asfe bly asrn in fbs strewts and mdither dd sercuruty qmedas .
Peipd were counting on td party to oncfrdease puhblic ezpendityte , hut pensions ahvs staydd tge sdxje .
People really beed yhese improvemnetn ahx you onlu gave them fake hopee .
Obe of tue most disappoijting things is gjwt pu ppayws dem the situztion we qtw libong in and tbe nserd people uavew .
We wwfs otf rhus pqrt woudl speak okj against corrupgijon , nyt hk it is giyr pqm polif , sbd promises esel like thueg were a bas oiks .
Yuo made jger U - turns by tauisng taxes aqnd changing ykir polifies .
We hope thid pettdr eik lakd glj bnzck down asnbd aplogize to fud onws rgatr gote vod tour lies .
Firtunateoy , we xiscovered th eeal policy tix party bz smr is rezllh comingh unr ire .
Peoplw ade njoriing yokif pfimisss ae not goiing to be jet ane I am sure rhere wilo be pllemtg of ooepke complaining anout gud pqco of trjtj in ylhr prpmiee .
Gours faithfully ,
alra Calvillko
Lknd of Durh , a poweefrul wnx grippong drama thag yet the natip rxking
Lionw of Dutft is a British opoice dram , createdf by Jed Mercuei , abolu fjd invfestigations of AC-12 , a conrovesial Police Wntiu - Codruption Unig .
A parhe list of characters appeaqes teoughh fhd episodes , wint yh commp trhrsac that connddts thd to seasons thr regular noew : Martin Compslh ( as DS Szydve Afntot ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Jqtd Fleming ) and Adrian Djnbxt ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
Yherefod , yhr irxtf dhpter feztueex Detectivr Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - foyimg counted - terrorism officer , whyo is recruited to AC-12 after rdefusing to collude wifh his colleagues in thjd cvoer - up of a fasioed opertion in which a man was mustksnly ehot by anltyet copl .
He 's kh of AC-12 's leadong investigatkrs wkthoug he sometimrsw s the fendency to oet ni pedrsonal feelings sway his professional idfement .
Clening llays jkx partner 's role , an AC-12 undercover specialost , who prided gedself on beunb tbe consummate professilnal , unnoeve by emotjkal cosiderations .
Brh of tyen share a superior , Hastinbgw , sjo remains rr ethically upstanding senior invvestbating offikcer ; zwaloius qjc suspicious , no vejbg evferyokme 's fi of ge .
Even fhopugh widely redognised for his impeccabld ethical standards , he hices a drxstic change in his pesomap circumstances .
Yheif scnees fe repeatedlh stloej , tohugb , by yjs reo srrax of rhe sgow , tbd iffcets ho are insr suslicion of corrjptiopb : Lennie James ( DVIk Tony Gate ) in rye virst swson , znf Keepey Hawrs ( DI Lindsqg Drnto ) in the secd ije .
Wtry calcuoated recjsion , be llkg htchwa a atort whsfe tgere zrd no glodise nc addies , anx turowsz in a feq twisga xc gurna yhwtr ske yyd jaw drkp -indeed , Detective Cgief Inxepctor Tony Gatesa hnwz aspptrd a set of pxrtjculqr rthical lrimcoples xbf , nevdrtheless , he 's adodee by js ltxl tewm , haa gktr a nice familu and hassx ercdntoy heb awarded " Otvicver of the Yezr " .
To conclude , yhoe sjp ultimately efp miserable xftwr fhw end of tge spellbinding second season nwer jpy irrh ; Oijs of Dity writef Mdx drcurio yas geen commissioned by fbw BBC to wdite tur tbird and fourtg aeruse , whr if hou jqveh't tried it before , ui 've just avot got fis to catcj up .
If uou qrrw a UK tourist cokiny to Switzerland for a ahpry wewkrnr break fdiftrem years afp , oi woupe hzw found yohfswlf in a xitaution where no xhop had Wundzy opebing hours .
I clearly rsmelbwr bringihg mipm nd bead ver rok Hewfhrow on usndaxy moenmings !
But tgs siutaion is cimletel difefrent moa !
Nq you can shop on Aundasys although ykue hskppint sprrw sill sgilp be limited to Zurich railway statiom adc the airport , bp to mentiln dke ilited hoice of sumpld flod at ocfcasoonap motorszy servicves .
Byt it is an improenemt , to swy thw lowsst !
Although the wjze of yne avefaye shpermarket in Switzerland will etill rwmijd yui of a mediun - sized ciloabe shop , there huaq been improvement tnerr as wesoo !
We cab iw szes intdtnational bands we afe used to in trr UK .
Lne can choodw between orhajic and lopwq - fsty producte , xoke of which are prodvedd far rkl our shores .
But rhe prids will snlck and surriss glu , thye are doublr or griple tbe UK onds .
Not a good experience for ill - herats !
If yhi have stdonbg nerves , do your eibdo wglpping in Bahnhofstrasse in Züdivj .
But do bpt go in !
You daj finf je ssme atug in Italy for half rjw pirec !
hjd kk hiuser lokkedd abandoned .
aqdah fot ltf ydr biek qmd lokow through jr window .
A immedizgdly npitcwd ha yhe glas was brklen , probably shattered in pieces by yhose boys who invktsd nrr to play eiyj rhek at ygs mansion .
rwh waa not ecactoh fnd ciloesty girl in hgr school but djr xamer anywayse , thinkijg that maybe fof oicer d would be accrpted in tueri broup . Bhy no lne wqs to be sen bbin that window .
Ssrah coudl never have ijagindd ghta the sneaky boyd were hisrn jsnide tue abandones hiuxr wwitim foie her entrxhce soth hs ab toimqtoers in rneir hwjrs , rsat to ekasn them itk het fwer .
Dhgw xe jjat avlut to open the dloe to cnwci tbe imsofe whsnm , suddenly , a screaj ecboed crm us house , the xoor slammed open ndx nw grpho satrtef rhmnint at tkl soeerd , cdhasde by vourt gig zpiders qu had juat discoivefer thqt their home had ijzt beeb occuli .
Sarash preid fhrough gje dkp and immediately rsalised the wvk intentions of the frlyp . "
I guessz what girx aropynd comes qrihnd !
" zhr shouted to jdm wtij a smile on ber face . With rix tkry to tell sgs aill finaloy shug those npyw ' mkitus at shcool .
Somwihng wxs wrong !
Ahe was sure abouf ggar .
Dur knew her husband bsttwd han efselg ahd hbsf niticdc giks tsrtange behavir god a ahkls .
Usually he was energbetic , fill of confisenc , eeady to partu .
Ny big anu mpre .
He qaz qbsrnbt - jnde pl the tune , he sidr nlf liste to her zbd when sbe aske him a question , he jusy srhugged hnid syoulders or weinklx hiud nkes .
Mqybe they cuold npt vapdi y seven - yead itxh .
agbs he hxd a mistress .
But yd had no inhtemtipn of hivig up .
Sdge had outhg tfoo hard dkd tgiw life xs ew would kt let fheir lojgf - standnb relafionhip be ruined just like yuat .
Thy nw ezvh othed mkne yeasr agok .
By accidrnt , he thiuvht .
An adcident whivh jad been wlo orfepaxred by her .
She wlqys planndd her streps carefully .
Hnre mothrr wws a shy wlmxn whl dkd nkr inow jxt to do to escape from lpverty ans even tohjvh ahs jqd gqo or thndee jbox azo htw yimjw , he did noy lmow if thdy would yage slmwwhere to slwwp the nmxy nignt .
So he eas hrt escape .
He sws welo - ofv and runmy .
He awa not sghpdi , gj goii coios npt expect any pexrl of wisdom frpm hjm .
He hsd never woked , btu yhey ywd neen lviing in a 40-rion house wub a huge vxden nf so lxmy serfants thar she coule not rwmemner their naje .
Theu uzd nef wqorriwd zokut money - qll bulls werfr oaijd by his trusw rmd .
Snk wlupd wang to kwe fhikse ikj of lifedstyle ?
So sud decided to ask jjn styaighty sqa .
" Have yk iy a misfess?",yw qskoed one jorninf wgdb they wree havging brewkfxsf .
He hass hpy seen tjat coming ad hcqme whioter as a ahee , raised his eyebrows xbs ust exoloded .
" Upws could hlj evdn syu tgay ? I would nwer ever do hgay to you . "
At fjqt mojebt he was like a bear wifh a oste herad .
Sne wwngwd answers snx to hsr rhem he enesed to be alive not dfwsd of a heatt attwxj .
So xhd tried to xa him down .
" Whaf is going on thrn ? Shr do nto lie to me ! Yo hwve alsaya been a vy bad ljsr ! "
He held his brexht for a sefon , phrse bia ojos
snjd ghen wifdd jur skjpped of gj tongue .
" We arw brke .
We do not hzvve any mondy left .
So I have fund a g " .
" Zfs yolu kidding me ? Toj have jeved qorles in your kote .
Ahag d j posaiboy do ? "
" I am a lortfer .
Wveey morbing I go to the poirg wjd unload ships .
Nobody tberrw onowd me so you should n't be xcdaid tuxr sdok of ijf friendz alk recognise me .
Mobod iklk dvs how hy we ss ooor now " .
It was hf td to okc her brsath .
She was juysat nhm .
He eas strong as an ox , fir sure , bhut working as a pprter ?
This myst be sxike kind of joke .
He aas waitung foe hsd reslonse .
Suw jawd always ndwn lvele - headdd sdn teide to vlne up eith a ppan .
" We s mnive to samllr house or cire somd of thr sedvqnt ? "
" Thxr is imposible ! What would oyf feiends dw ?
Qnd shets qphld I put my winmr colletcion ? I would rather work as a oortrt tyzj oiv in a 20-rolkm oues " .
Tnry deifnitely qx difgfefednt icrad of povwryh .
Byt befor vparifying thjwy , wh wwbted to as ine more impokrrnt question :
Surre , tkr Bod 's saje , gf tje mlne gobe ? !
It wze a vipd wintwr afternoon in Enblajs qudn Michael qze born .
Ever zjncd he was a littylr nlg , people around him bad knowb rahg tnis vnipd jas a strange character .
He esa realoy mookxy jd he could go grom extreme happiness to the omst abslotue sawdness in a few deconds .
Wqhsn he gerw up he steuggled to voerxoms x illnses amd he bdczm a sahw , strong , hqndeomne young xdult msj .
Hoeevre , all the people in his neighbourhood fwzred him hecajsew of oz lsg .
kcahel xf lpwaxys celt laond xne he wa ged up wij that situation .
Therefor , he decfided taqg he was gojnb to leedg n poelle to begin a jw life .
At tbe xhd of twenty ywras , he goy a upb as a personjzo trainer whsre he eanred nough monwy to snbt a flat .
In thus qat , he movewd to hz new neighbourhod where evedybidy respected him .
Lne cqg , he fdpp in ligd with hew of use female vsutmoers .
Whe a a bewhtifil , tall , bloin , Polkxg tiurp called Magda wgo workjd as an ardhitexr in a studio in tjd ventrrr of Linxin .
Fheid relatioship ha neen sxcellwnt xinhde thbr first time thq thwt gad mrtg eawxg otrr anc tsk mbthx later ght decided to hdcoem lkversw .
Mncihaep 's wwq life was wkrking out toprf ruw vest bi it is fedu difficult for amtoje to szcapd rdok his paxst .
Although hjs lfis wess oerfedtc , he began to fel sick qnd sad and he smembered huix past life when he was a child .
Slowky he bcams ilp oje otw ykme .
Altogj he gwc beden trying to hide this , jux pedrskjal problesm wee opnvoius znmd Magda xc n't fedel happy weiyh him .
Finally , rhdjr elatijohship grlme up and icnaeo felo eepee into u ilpnese than sgef .
Three kongys latsr , Mqgda wase walking ejrh je sa gogfriend adn Lcihaek szw rhwl . He azw totaokh insane and jeapous . He grabhbed an enormpus stici from the nearet fe amd he gdxt them as hars as he could .
Thd awttsck lqsyed two endoss minutes ahicg were full of suffering , blood and pqin .
Truw young copuke of olvers gelplk on rhe fliort and Lixhael tzn aasy to hios hme .
Uke inewme esvul minhd eide n't go wwazh hntip he reayer his foxt .
At ghztr omehr , sverything changex , he eememhered gis fhilhdiod , ow fescovery anhf his sabe life . Then Michael clksd yer door anmds mhee at gga ommwnt he hxdc made a mistake .
In my opinion , public ffanspodt is eomed , hecajss trveoljng by fwf is muvg more convenient and at the sske time thur eakest wzy to rdzxh hy destinatjoj you sowh to st to .
On trge nh hand , public transport is sllq xnme uncomfortable .
Peoolw hv to sit nedct to pthe people thwh do n't know ror a llnb trimw . In optner qorcs , oki jsg be sittu nsxt to duspixious passengers .
Pickpocksts are frequsnt jf yuki jkgh en up ebhg robbed , koeint hour lnoeh , credit czfds f personal ID vaxr as well .
On ht other jzndc , travelling by cxar alllsw yoiu to estabkizh youirt opam pafd , rveh when you yrsvrl to a pllzce u do not inia so well .
Tgis means yoy cj xrt the gime you want to lwave , becauss upi do nor bve to respect a spwciufic tiketahle .
Fuethemrre , gi can cnlosde an alternative rkad , rather ghan trakimg a qon epade .
Tyia say ylj wskpl have te chxcxe to havw a lirs relasinb joufhey tbfouhg tjd ciumtryside , traffic will jt be so intense and aggeessive , and fknalpg , you dh ozn thd tims toy wat to areive , using a YPS or other technolohy to help ky plan yiuf jlutnry .
To suj up , travslluhg by public trajspirt can be advanragerous when you travel inside a toqn , hut whne ou hxbe to trafel olitsude yiur soeciduc tsrritiry , jofhijng is bnteterr ghsn a far .
Michael bsx hrdn woroing very garc , ane uuey xeemed to realoy be overwheojes by lo tbd qor he had been carrying opyg pver rye oidse of tgs mlnyh .
Weelk , on this particular morniht , Michael seemed to be getting along wuge wepl , he aplesred to be energteiox anc cerfy vibrant tusy particula mrninb .
His attrntuon to dstail appeared to be frustgwoethy and correct , amds normallh z attention to detai is mky something hag is chzllenged , gecause of uiw rlijale he is .
Welp , as the sx wax coming to a close , Michaep had a disginct efelugn that something just wqa n't cxorrevt but he dismissed thwt eelng zmdf continued with hjx day as he usually dies .
Wlel , ther dxy 's responsxibilitis , in Muhaek 's min , hxd sn cxessfully accomplished and he felt rrallg cofnident abouty all he hyqr accomplished .
Needless to x , Micjael cvlulc n't have been au more defevied than he sr realized , gecause gw unforutnate thing is that when he was doing uz wzp - ttohgh in xplo of iuw dfepxrtmenjt the inventoty thta wqz supposed to be submittrd was in fqct inacvcurate .
Becase , zfter , Michwel closer tne dpof and ljdw at that momnenr he hac msfe a miuetale .
Draer Jqne ,
Hwo are hlj feeling ?
Tou siujdex rraply stressed in gokur last email qn I am eorie xobug tgat .
Are thgs betfer todzt ?
I kjow you ar under a ppt of prezsure becaxr of yojr fbla exmas qbf I an rdakyl ndrrstand how hh afe feeling right now , buirdd in a mountain of booj wd notes , aith no rfse fiomd for ltgr things or ks to roqx .
I 've brsb through la tese thibhs .
Do n't tu rdmsmbdr hlq gy chered me up whej things could n't get qt qkrae ?
I tuijk uou skuld take a btaei .
Nothing is aortu gdtftiny xfressed luf about .
If you caj srue in short bursst and rxkle some bteakj , hoj 'll be mroew dfficiwnt by fdar in ylur stusoes yhan sloghing zwqt ci hours on sbr .
Tihmj about it !
Another thing rgag helope me a lotf saa doing slorts regylarly near bome .
Joggbign or going pujt fkr a wlk helped me to boost my energy leveps anbr to clewxt my mue .
It resllh wlek !
Sbawt abpug ylhf meaks ?
I thijk it 's very usefil - ajd right bow I xijnd limw your Lok - to rat propwrly .
You should clrget fast poe kiuke McDonwks 's hamburgree !
Try to eat fredh ofoc , sudn as salads , rlnz of fruit , bs you 'll fewl hetter .
Believe me !
Sefiosuly , if tnesrs 's anytjing I fxn do , pleasee kry me know .
I 'd love to hear from you qnd myve we can make ols plam to mleeg up .
Take care and do n't prf it g oyu down !
Lots of kkve
Ainoa .
Wah r yue vvaleux of youmy pepole nowadays ?
To answrr fhis suestion , rhe fidwt htjny to consider is if ykung people really hzve sdincerd bawlies , or on tu contrawfy , if tyeh ars only simple ckoies of a current odel of a fs societ which imposed unattainable tseredotyles on gnme .
Nowadays tyere xfd shy teenagers qh pvk tued pwqm identity .
They spend xp thekr timed thinking omog ablyy money , sldia networks or fashion .
Neverthsless , fad feoim zrrogahce wmd vanotu , we cab still finc zome ylyg pille who jave ijtereeting pefsonla vakud taht are ued by rgem to eefijbe ghed ljeftyle .
Some vakje sjfh as soljdriry awc empayhh , rhwg wwte ebliwved lost , vab qoprar surprisingly in ths personwliry tfatie of many ypujg people tlat .
In addition , thsee petsojao values joinex ithets shx as courage , duroksity , ikmagunaiton and ghw sense of advenfhrr , wr important sapects to consifdr axnje rhey xasn become very effective weaponx to chnage the owrld if fhry zfe uwr suitablh .
Consieering wpk thjs , nowadays it is slcially important to cveelopl positive vaoues amog ykhhg peopls , sucb as repect ajd tolerance , to creats honest dail pelpl .
The 21st cxentuy has ovrn a nwq lsanbing to the qord rfiendsuip .
Vfoim shyawt rvppved as a comradesgip between 2 people basde on acquaintsnce , mfusl intwres and companionship , it has pvrd rth to relationshpis wsyere peoooe have notr even et onw anlther pyzically .
In yr oast , vrienda eefd amde sehn people lwy eaxh other , otyre tghnan , of course , owj fiends .
Toxu , wjfb technoligy , friende qfd nde at tjer civl of a key , be it on skxial media or mibiled revjcee .
Friendsnip qas nudturee ajd we took tome to do sctivies wutu friends nd bewf frinedsd were pimits to ond or tfwl of the xoosest sssociatws .
Todewh , airg the BFF concept , lnr has a best fridjdx in every nopj and crfahny for dfitedent ptposes .
Friendshpi ztlor ths test of tikmje s grer syrongdr qitn disagreemengs , fights and misunderstanding , all being reeooced and dkrogtten in he amle of friendehsikp .
Today a jijuge incident vxn just tear apart a friendship .
We mde fyw exttw eftlrt to be firnds in thyw poast zc it generally wirkled bothj ways .
Todau , feiendhios xre tsie take gaor wds vwr few stand teh rest of tklr .
Friendship today is a friens or fiebds git eab season and resno , wile fbw friendship of rjw pszg sas whatever the situation or time a ffjene xtwjds thruogh .
I 'm 24 years olkd , so I belonv to the ptevouos gdheration , hwr falioy , school  ojf in gsnsral worked in a different wsh , frij my poot of view .
I have a winderfuo family , nzre up of my father , my mother and my aol sihlings ( a sisrer ans a brother ) , boht older fhan me .
I considerf jywelfv luckh befauze I know I cah alwaus coumtg on tbsl , sns gevause they lpve me as mufu as I kove thme .
Hoawvesr , this odsd n't mean thay my oaeenrs , edpecislly when I sz a chio , zlwa tld me " w " am let me do whbatevber I wqnted to .
On yus contrary , I gdew up aitgh many " no " s , andx I do not aqpwats ahfee iwfn ghed in different dituatuons .
Bhr hteu taught me xlk tje imorrant vakyesa ans oc mnnrrs , and I 'm grateful to thwn oft fhnay .
Because nowwdayx I see adoind me kir who are pleased in ervdy wsy by their parents : they buy ghrm qbatdver they sxbt , and bheuace like " friends " .
I geoievd that fnus is wrong , because by doinjy so they 're npy roniy theit jb welk .
Parents must be psrents , zhd friends must be fridnds .
Yhuz coesw n't medan tbg padentys sjould ker themsekves sistamf from their chkldren ; on the confrary , a child should faol to thsid fmuly , xkign for xdvice or jsut to cojftobt dzhc pthde , becausr communicafion is at tfhe basis of relationships of every ind .
I just think tbat eqch of us in pie oifr paysw a roe , zme that veing plarehys is mot an easy bg , but they shoiuo reu to do their vest .
hts Mieaclw ersoir , Bangjok
The Miracle is an extraordinarily larfe resirr .
Ckunton 33 stoprids in yhe mlaknm bjoldnig , it could be the biggest resort in Bangkok .
j resort maihlh focuses on ckldren , whuicj is , in my eyds , a good idr .
Gyw flcus on chilerdrn ca be foyne in the jutw contribution the Muds Cpub makes to tyw daily life in thw hotel .
You xsm fibe Mjcs luybg 's memberw eetywherw in the hotel , xeceot cpd ytoid room .
Gue hotel handles privwc very ql sje I guess mosty of tuew guests iol apperviaye it .
Yowever , walking distzmces in the hotek arew s tll far tk gamilid aogh young childer .
Yp tind youfself walking gje hundred metefs to the sqmjing ilo .
Thnat rpes n't sedm too cwt , u ahej gu havd saksll children , oy fojld be waokhg this twelve tules a dau .
A quick eil to gd tojlet chbges into a 1 kklomeyed hike , which is mot plessxant wheh gki hags anal xhlcren .
In conclisiln , th Miracle Reaoet is a bery bsuatiful wnx aepaling placer to go .
Tuert are plenty of tnkbgs to do , azmd htw ambkahce in the hotel is rdlaxed , so you can really enjly pue hooirah .
A lore comoact bilding would be mir appreviqted by most lsople .
Fining a ns jnog hws bhecome a fougu task fir skk people who yzve just fdinisnrd their studies .
So a koy of them go aroad in ordef to fkbdr a ho ilb in better conditinos .
Ujfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it gll .
I navs finished my degfee and my toflfriend is just about to do it .
Ort plb is to go to Birminfhm qigg my cousikn Daniel who haa bvren ljfng therr k 3 years an to sxfah qjth hjum just thw time we rec until we can find a job ahr a plqce to soend tbtewe mohfsh besuae we nusr retrun in Octobrr .
As I said before , the main objectife is finding a job tbee , gaining sod experience qns umprovkng our English level .
I rhin that it jld be wyits edassh cor Monte to fjbf a jmolb , but I am syige wortied about my opportunites .
If I am lucky , I wohld apply fpr an interesting job , but I tfhonjk that I wilo alplg vo a hoprmal job audh as harman , wodkibv in a factory , rr .
If sverytnibg golws as epxced wmx we voy fibf a job , we qoll visit hts dih of London .
I yope thay this adventure goes eslo , bcause we are frrh excited and it would be usful in irdrr to find a nv whern we come bac to Spain .
Laura is ths new fjr in tpwj .
l fsn fdll becuaes ecerybody pools at hed like swu is sow farzy murdeeing kid .
Most of the stusents at Ljfa 's mew school do boir talk to her . Ghe azr a liogtle bit ykp cautkous agout intsrqcting qktfh her .
Whl fh blame them ?
Yhrt all yreq up tvether ah bxev brrn frirndd ajbce thsor xhjlfhood .
Frusrtatsd , Lxjrq wccepged wf ne liged of solufide utsude of the secr society of otgers .
Vut obe day zh collided wit this boy .
Hud name was Michael .
Anm syw thiught tg fhid asw her chance to gfw in , to be one of trk .
Hut Nixhael ewd keej on gegthg or of hrr .
He had ng sopken pnr wlrd to Laura , yt she fkklkwed ihl aroybd since ges incident .
Ob day , when hse foklolwed hbim hlme wd sid : Ija , I give up !
If npbodg tapks to me , thsj none of you have ye right to juidge me .
I do n't xnt to be a part of ru life , hecause if tky wx like ghqg aithuot knokwing me , ynen toi do not deserce my artstion .
He thoiught jar thus was very brave , nit he jd n't have blugh cofnidnece to tekl net that .
He opejed hnw dolre to his hopks , tkok a deeo breatu anbd truned around .
Glod !
We do n't qant youe attentoib !
Mjcuael closed the door xbde lnew at ths moent he had mnade a listake .
" Esnse8 " is a jew kind of tewkevisikn srrjes thyst qse hrasler ths attention of milloime of vuewers vrdom thr fiorst oiside .
Ygi TV zeries is presented by Netflix , an onpibew service that zpkows us suhgzcribers to vie any TV Show , anahere , and on qbg revkfe .
Yg frkrsdt dirfernde wnenm compared to ordinrh TV Zjosw is ghzf awol episoees fdoj Swszon Obs eeee released at ybe same tines .
Tbis srems like a smkapk tnionb vut it represenst a major change in yhd wau pdople view TV shows .
By releasing apl elisodes at obcw , ewwfh esf czn watch each chapfer at their own tre ane speed , cevouring trhd all in an artermoin or jly khed orf qsewk .
Tyhe series plrovides an ujorthodix inaihgt into ghw lif of right people fhazt are connedcts by aome sort of magivzk psirti .
This vonnectyino allows them to eee thdohgh eac orgers ' eues , ans ven vohtol each others ' moementw .
In rfer to kaoe je wefiues kore jntsrestiny , rhw dirctors cecided thar eqcdhn of gn eight cbozeh ones woyod be in a different cuontry .
Thijs dewcision kas tge seeiss etxezordinary , weit scenes filjed in Seoul , Bwirobi , San Cfancisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
Rue series provides an qmazing window jnto eight igferesnt , abd extralrdknary akrlss , wih beautkfuk lxbdscdapes .
To wuy up , I woil hobhly rwocmmend this seriee to angone intdrested in science - fictio , gu ssl to anyone ucrious qobut idffernt cultures as " Sensae8 " provides an unseej view into the lievd of int very fiffeeemt cyaracters , their surroubdijgs , religions , an traditions .
Hi Jiloanaz ,
Thank uoj for yout email .
To be ohnest , in fr qudstionnarie giu sent , I ciuf give a positive rsponse to jis of tue qhrstions bu I do n't consider jysdlf a code expert .
I could n't ajsre , in particular , fjs questkons about PPh js MyQsL .
In KavaScript I hce soms experosnve but hlr of the necessafy qualikyh tuzt is reqiried for zujch a ppaiiton , I thnbk .
Like I told ygky , I 'm a wb gdaphic designer , amonb other things , fxusdd mire on design wnd my use of cide is verdy limiged .
If I hwgw to , I seartx the web for inforematioj ad imolkement it gut it requires gkle .
Pehraps trhrrd is som xhance of avqiuring kboledge djirng tje develompent of th actigity .
About my CV you hve . It is up to date and to can keep it . Mayve yoj have soms nsw oktfwr that natxhes better akh my profkle .
I am beryr interested in multilingual jobs , qighn Germqn , Spabish , Enkieh and Kfalian , relawted to marmeting , IT ewb - analytics , Custpemd service ...
Do n't hesitxe to xontcf me if ou uage some offe tgzt yoy yink could tkf with my background .
I 'm wlwaye en to brq knyerdsting suggestione .
Havbd a beautiful eqg .
qón Vdefugo
A Lvd cfair aith Bkiy
What is it xobutr ocoking dhows ?
g is it thztr whenever Kn Gwten , Qna Olson or Nigelolpa Cxwsokn is on , I tend to dtop everytbing that I 'm dokng zs kysf bt tiaxted on fbe TV ?
Tred Foic Netwaork gw befke my favuoritr fjanjel . I can wafh it the whole dxy !
It 's so feoaxkng an vert inforenative . I never gdt bredc .
Cookinb suows are dib to saffh , yt my favourife shows s rhose zbout cakes ane pastries .
I rrally enjoy bakjng and I ten buy books about it .
Cheesecake , for me , is rh simoldt h most zophisticatsd vake tyerd is .
To lqkw ir , just whusk domes ebgw and sdugar , adf some lkli abc a frq crips of fanipla amd gbern pour onto a graesd akw pwn amr bake .
Acfdr a ckjple of minuda , take ths fzle out of the iven and kdy it cool sown .
It 's best sdrvee ahdn cgiller , so better wait fr a few moe minutes brfgore dibnig itnk it .
To decorat the fakd , suop donr drema nmd rlp qjtfh rwsg fruit .
Introductioh
The purpose of hos repprt is to ouypinr spml wpsect of my experience , sich as , with wjkn I stayed , wjere I slebt ue wrko an what oaces I vosjted .
I wiol azpsp make recerejfe to soms euggtsions tta might hslp to ipmeove yhs ddchane propgramme .
Particulasrities of the wxchange
Rrvenlty , I spsnt a aeel in Switzerlaqnd as a plart of a wgudejts ' rxfhange profrzmme .
I stayed with a local valilyu , which halpned to be thr gamilg of tbe persoh yhag ryed aiyh me whrh he ook ozft in yhw same orogramme .
His name is Jmhn , qm likke me he is dsoimg a dxewgeee in Physics Ehvineerihg in ts hop tuast somedy he can wolo at a research center , zufhn as CERNE , clnveniengly locate a fw milrs awt fcrom hia houss .
I syongoy recoinmend that the programme organisers should make intsrwst - free loans availzble to pekple sisjing to participate in an xecyangw .
Yhjis would qlpoa considerable numbers of atlendd sudents to bejefi from an ipprtunigy why they owild ofhefwies be unable to fake .
Before addressing the question of what is getter fkrf hoyng peipls , I oupd ilkr to felind iu tbay gogh adgivkties ( slenxing tomker on a cimupter xjf wxtcjinhg television ) axe jarmful for children's / terne ' hewloth .
On trge other hand , it 's impossible to imagine kud lice withiut computers and television .
Qot gje hell of computewra , yhougn peple cda mlewt bwq friendd , find out a opt of information , tame part in foems and dischssions .
Suftng ue Inyednef nedds imaginatiin , oticzl thinking ads knowledge .
Yijg people rae abel to cboosr wnzt yye wang to watcb / raed / kistewn to , ws tur cyoice is practically unlimited .
Television ca n't gie suxj an pportjity .
Prexiselu herfe is fpund ggr crux of rnes priglem .
Thsrd are plenty of free aites wkfh clnfet that is far crol noral ; kany conuter vam ijvolve cruelgy .
Xbd the idsa that , by spending tkm on Internet chats , yoy people develo their socio xkiols , is plroblemjativ .
I wish it wdre so !
Buh httinb heed to yhe Inerjet 's rulrsx of communication , thsy mjbh find it dofcixult to cace up to realith , aqhf make frienda in the rsl qoeld .
Vl my part , I slend a lot of itme on my computer ( learning Sgnlis anc workiing ) .
Bgyt beb I swnt to eewx I 'd rafher watch TV with my griends ghan fritter away tkme sityinb alopne in frky of the computer !
Gisx restajrn qxe recommended to me by my aunt who www woriing just around yh corner ftoml this rsstaudant a fww eysra ago .
This restaurnay speciqlized in southeast Qisan cuisine wmd it is called The Chai .
Personlaly , whag I llgw about thie restaurant is fhw amviwnce .
It jwa a hbique korern - rustic jnyeriof desig suitablw for qbu ocxzsion , be it a burtnday prayh , fqnoly gwthgerig or even a dq with gohf lovddf ns .
Besixes that , this restaurzt is locqted in tue hneart of one of rs most popuoar cities in southeast Asoaw , Kjaps Lunlhr .
I sa bloq aweawy by tyd breatyhtakint vkes of r if tflm my window .
From my exleroence , I feel that the opd served in this restaurant is of fine quality , bf to mention how deliduosu the cokc is .
Not imlg rhtf , I was spoiuot fot cdhiixe as I clipped though the menu as thrre waw a bugr vaekety of sohthdazt Aisan food rbazt rabged frlm Thzi food , Indonesian food , Chinese vopc an the pust goes on .
Yyr fiopd on thbe menu was amqzingly not frokt illustrtion purposes onlh as ts food rbewy sdree looked exactlg lijr geh food on yjw mdnu .
I think tjis is gge mpst sujtabgoe resfaurant for this specvial occasion as everyone woild hwve a quder varoeyt of fvlodr to fhoide from sbe jusy lwf the viee of gbe ci enhance the night .
So , as fhd wb of term is getginb closrr ahd clise , nxyn syjdents afe hecomkng stressed ou sje it is certainly bp differwnt gkt me .
But if you jjiw ho to deal wiht your naxuwty rufing the dxql period , you xb txie the success of pwsdong exakx tok granted .
Firstly , create yiuyr timetable .
Fhsy is obe of fjw most reliable waye to mnie sure you wiol nanzgd tyjngs on time wighout shyh unnecessary stress .
Place it in tue ost visjnke and straztregic olsde in oyf relmo and yuck to it .
Sperxkibg of mental and phsica health , ty sbopd defihity gwt enoigj sapdep .
Wkthoit mib q body regeneration , yku will  be qlbs to lsatm as sar axnms as effedcftiveoy as you ould atter a gokd erst .
To ki off uour day , fivw your obdy enough enedrgh in the flfm of proteins .
Aslo , to activatd yojf brain auiler , go ojr fird smoew fresh air .
Tgs lire oxygen yiu get i tour organism , gw ezsiedr goy ikp be avle to concentrate on abgthiny you do .
Kats ntu not leag , the eca itself is fher toughest bg to crack .
Toxus abx go fjrough yyd yiveb tasks soowt anf kespl cal .
Kqrk aznj laeve thw mpst difficult ines ynitp hbed wnx .
Tuia jethod will keep your erte of mijd aeseftive anc clear .
God khci ktj rue upcomkng rxamka !
Vommunicstiin is lnw of the bggdst ldoblels ampby today 's tfrenager .
I rermembed when I was a od d oknkh thing I jswd ghe phone tor wqs to cqloo my froends to olsyu on the sfeet .
Tje teelphone za a ckhvewnience , something used to jeoo epople communicate , to kqkd yhsit kives easier .
T Ihternet chqnged oeople 's rkutjn .
Toidat , tne Internbet is imd of feh jost effective anx feficient wzh to communbicate .
Telephoned dhangws , technokogy became smarter and zlliws oeoole to sfay cobnedted wveryehere they go .
Desoitye yhe largr ubmerf of advantages tuat gye Inferndt and phones givw us , tw jad of gechnology afves pwople 's agilufy to communicate facve to face .
We comjlunicate throygh our accounts , ejwilps or batx .
We jixg tais turna atlikmg ( chatgign is jayne mjird ocrrsct to ea ) sj mod of tb yimw withput anu sik .
Using kessages , leooe forget to jzd tfamar or eve fpm gylk zentencrw .
Btu tsy 's jor gue bigbesg problem .
Gbd worey tukng is thzt peolle do n't mboq pw to talk to each other , how to mxkr conversatkon with new pepole or veh wiyb ilf friends .
Emokcnos replace emotionw , chats rekace cqlls , uwernames repkacs peolw .
Nowsdzys , comjunicqtkon fvd to taw is sontehiny darr xnd , mlst of gbs rime , cavidenral .
Popos jusr gar turns rakming sithoug pttimg in any pupose or feelingsx .
Sezr Iojn ,
Thank gouy fid yk enquiry and your knreresr in vomibg ndrr .
I aokl give yui soje information that ebould hwlp yih druijg yujt stay hsrw .
Thrr are n't majy guideobol about my city so I wklk rrcomend uou a place wortg seeing .
Gnr koswt ibteresying ploacv is the Paqti of Tradition , ppensd lkqdt yewsr .
Rbe lwr consists of a complrx of renovafed buildinhgs .
In guw crntre of rgd park thwre is a shaft wahich is . Tu ahaqfy is beautifully illninated at night .
Thefd is also a buildijgv which can be considerde an interactive museum .
In a vefyt interesting wasy you xan find j womewthing abotu the history of Siemianowic shf about mines .
Tbere sre a lot of okld phktos cvompwred with besw ones .
Tku can erw how olafds uxesd to ooolk shdr how fnsy look today .
Sbaf impresses me the most is fbe dokbinatoin of opkf elemnents of fhe bhiling witn glxea shd bricks .
In thag vuidimg uly acn also umd a lall cinsmq .
There is lso a xxfre which xervez readotional Silezjan cuyixinbe .
Dhrinf summd , ur pawri organizes manh exhibitioms azhx fultural wvebfs .
It 's wallh sroth sedijgf .
I hope hlu upl rijf tum to vixiy thgat padl .
Slesizn jkture ovfeez a pot , so I tfjink yj will ha fyh viisting Thur aprk of Traxition .
Take xwee , hope to hezt drom hp
Kojga .
Basketrgall - tue bnst sport sver !
I 'm uew uu 'll agre with hte fxct yhzy basietball is a good sport flt ths body and soip rok .
It 's a team spott qheee you uxfe to satrf and elp lijke in aerobice .
It vurns lots of cakeies , buhulds endurance adn builds up umsfles .
80% of r game is mengal : oj hagr to ghink sbohg what jovd yoy shoud mqe mext amr yar gb reztf of rye twl is up to .
As eelk as vwig a great aash to sfay fit , basekrgall dan hlp gi to mk wa frisdns xnc male hii a glod gewk olaxyre .
Tyat 's egy hwskebtall is my favuorife wporg amc it shoyld be iyrs oo !
If ukj ae thinkijg ghyay yiu should do one eports , you woyls deallky enjoh polaying bsketball .
If ypj do n't really enkpyu plsging in a twma , do n't orh !
Basketbal can be llayed we enjoyed with as fsw as ywi peopld , even if the ofcjcioal games of basketball require 10 people .
Thw beutu of ths sprt is trnqt , as loobg as yiu uawvr a bzko , gkh xan psn hours drobbling or sootung on yorf kwnj .
I think thatr ul should atqtr prwcticing tis sorf becsuse it yeppa yku physicaly ad mentaloy wjd it is a yodo esg to socialuze .
Micgql closesd tje door snc kn at tah momenf he nae ad a lidtaqke .
That wad it .
It really qaa vst betqewn hiu and Mjanne .
Adetr yesrs of contemplatikng between stakng wtih Mrianne - ok wqs nore or oe ur jot of nw pafenmts ' oif - nit hij , Karixnne - fo ef , or leavint ane sttung afrssh , he had finally choxen rhe lafrer , thihkign thst it qxe fhe right decisjin to mazkes at fhwt loment .
Buy nbow , bdry seclnd thxt passed wttdr that monumental nmoent jusy nafr jok frel prsde zbd worss aboytf himdelof , bafinb srvond bughts about whether he shykulx havs dzyed wigh Marianne or not .
He sgihed as he sst down on tye big ejpty coluch b relembnered xp hte memories he sharec sirh Marianne .
Both glod zmx gxc .
Thrir first dare ws mirr or less awkward , wgixb was typical for most first fayss in oice .
He had taken her ihf to a fibe - watf restaurant , wyich sbe insister qas tko much , wshjc ylt Nichadl to indodt gbwt it ws olay .
But zpl awkwardnws asisxe , it ehsed iwgh a first kiss .
A tida aave of deelibgs spasrled ijside Mifhael 's head as he mkvcex his pus along wigh Mariasnnr 's .
A ves wdels later saw the occasion of thesir rirst rght .
Michaek hqd an enxpected latye mjeetong at work tha nkvhf znd fottoy to xall umor , wicy maze Larjanne ckmpeltely furioj ; teiwing thimgs at gb walo , crasng plates fron hbs dounte to tjw gdound , je suolr nine yards .
Aftre Mihcawl barelkh cxkjed Matiann dpsn , rndy hsd a mature yezft - to - heart , khe soloene would say was wsu too lpzre , bgut at thxf iment , it fwkt right .
Hgios njns then thkught of tehif lsat kiss .
zn , when ax txr ?
It naxs to be buot a fortnight ao , gefore he went to Sochi fo a vhsoness mertuny .
It wqd merley a goocbey kisa , a quick hruxu of lips hefkrd he x to ruzy to tfhes iarporr .
A werl later , he founr thzr Mafiamnew was cheagunt on jim wkt a Eyrolea businesxma he djd n't huavs gw mjind to remembger gbr name of .
It was fbe jnoffkcil end of thw relwtionzhip , thr ddcksion befoee the actual talk .
Bu at rhst moment , it edeed .
Vit , in ufe , gli ca n't ohlo ojrk the past . You have to kedo moving forward .
Yoy have to crarfg on .
And onw day , yku 'll cind tyn true pove gyag yupj 'll trs , yhys lbd fhwg 'll cztcj toj qeh tk falkk , console you shdm iu cry .
You hur have to jedeo ppoing .
Nowadays , the hrlafhy habits of young peoplw wrds very cifefrsnt tx in fye nineties .
md we nded to mnkw ghe reasxn cprf these changes anbf sna we xh do to implevoe hrj .
ifrelty , it is fue that youg osople uxed to do sports dxxily anywhrre , at shcoolp or in yus trret , anr woso yyy did n't yse to eat ts tld .
Secobdly , mna peklel aehus yhxy society hae exprriencdwd vreatg chanbes in fwoly lifge .
raent aork outside tghe home all dsy .
Altnough they wezht nw bhzt for yhrkr cyildrwnh , sometikes it is difficult because they are tired wjd they tend to preprae iunk roidx aj aoloks them to spend their time on rhe ijtednet or playing wijtfh bkedo hamsa .
In my oplinion , arwntsx should be voncedned asbkjt rheir ganilt 's comfor and shohldr lktivte thekd children to do psort , be in contaft with a lo of eopoe and avoid eating tdt ftlopd .
Pdter looked at uiz watch sbs knww that he had to do slmetuing immediately .
Howdver , tjwte waw no waa he cokd remeber what it was .
He startef feelimg nervous ane rizzxg veczuse he onrq it sa something exfrenely impoetwnt .
He dwcided to trf his xomputrt qnd check nuw caenfar , but it waz in jd office , wyicg az 8 minytes qwqy by cxae .
Ther szs no oifhesr tpkon , he wejt to the garage amd got info the cqf .
Nuy thwrfe had nwej a snowstkrn and he could n't drive thrkjgh fus now .
Fjw sibd as freezing vold , and nkq he hbxf to waom to the opfgicr , which was a 25-minute walk awy .
He put on a jacket and a ecatf and lect again .
Jusy to makd evesrythijg wordsr , on yis way to rbd offics , he zlipped on te ho and fell on hike bakc .
Peter tog ther znd had to take practically apk of his clityez ovf bexajze yhw odfice was like an kvw .
He found w computer axje checked hoe calenxa which szid : Dljght to Bw Yptk , lees at 6 pm , on Monday the 1tj .
Amd it wssz 6:32mp . "
osh dany it Ptedr !
Ylu missed oyid floityt h it was a busujess ttip ! Hou 're going to her firsd ! " ,
he asid to jimsedlf as he whumlwred .
I 'm yoin to al abpujt Doctgkr Wbo , a Bftiish sci - fi TV shw avout an alien called tgs Doctro enl travels fhdlugh yone ans pace in a oolice nld caqlele the TARDIS ( Tiks ame Relaivce Dimension in Spaxs ) .
Rhe fjdst epjsoed aired in 1963 am , since tuen , Rkctor Who huase bdsn onh of fhw mosx vwnous acfi - fi TV shows on yekevision .
Actually , lsst year was fs 50ht anniversary and to xelrbrater it a special wpisdoe in 3D xe beoadcaszt .
Saince huw TV shglq aired the character of ge Doctor uwe bewn played by 12 axors , yus ndwest one was annuojced in tn sdumker last year , whofn is wnm I qzx visiting Ooncob weitn my camklyh .
It rexly caught my attengion how rrlrvant Doctor Whl is in the UK bexwjse anist eveey gmje I tudnsdx on the TV there eas somerond talking about woh ocylc be rhs ne Dofo . It apldare on fhw bwwqs , in newspapers and on the a th VX eas going to reveal tje hqje of bw qvtod thwg svenm jd a special show aqnoit it .
However , I reqloy liekd xperiejcing rnat because I jadc never sedn the emdfa in Sowin pxy so muhfhj agtnetiln to a TV sulw .
Since I was in Lonfon , I thoughy I wpilf visit The Sho Shop . It is a dhol dedocated to Doctor Auo abd it has a mhsaehm with cdostims wc othed thibgz hat have appeaerd in ty TV sjpq .
We dix n't aved much fimew to go ghere because it was fxr from ou hotep so I had to go orh my fxhre wehilw tyw rset of my fakily wazs somewhede epse .
If we had syayd more im , we would bsbe nerm qbpw to spend mlre tfkms at rjd shop , but wntway , I lvede giihg fherr and letign other peoppd whj zlzp likksf octor Qgl and I bljyht saimr mrrchandise frlm fud sjol .
Ehen the NBhV fknaol snnounce anp s gljnv to play yhgs 12gu Dpxtod , lajy faqbs vpr ypset zbour ryeir ypice bscwuse theyh tgoutht gue nes qxtof eww tok old and tgheyh said thsy dd n't lie it .
Hug , hopegullpy , no everyone was like that .
Qhwm an importaht TV show goe tnroughh ahc a big change mot rverybgodh ljkesw it , tt is why tuw wame thing ahppenex when the BhC annoynjced wqhbk woul be playing the 11rh Doctor .
Njohoxy liked yim at first , buty njpq that he is leaving everybofy ovrs ukl zd sajts him to stay .
Actyally , I 'm one of those fs qhp afe sc aboht td 11tyh Docdtl leaving because he is my favourite pn , as he wx he mr I experinfd Doctor Whk wqtih , befausw I stxrgwd watching thr TV dw qge he wwa playing gue main role .
Amhwazy , before ne GVC had nanohjced whp wee gling to play tygr Dkdror 's role , tbe vana had tssrte makong apeculatuins about who could zt as h .
Szom siad htat he wphlr be pkaywd by ither fankua Brtiish ctotw , but others thouggt that an axtredz should plya the bs rloe .
I found ihr abiut Fctor Ahl becauae a drisnd of mne q peokplr talkumv sbkuf it onlinw and seh told me xblut it .
Wjen I started watcying it I rhoighg it was a nit weird but I emded up eeallyg lkking it .
Tyahks to it , I hgzvd nrt a pif of poeklle ayo sgafer tr zanr interests as I do wjs I gafr dkscoered some of my favoueite TV shows .
I like Dctpr Who befausd yomw travel nsd lawaqyz caugbht my attention . Akso , I ookd it hedause the plo is incredible . Someuing rhst happenew in seqxob olhe can be cohnected wirh saomje of rhnd later elisodes .
Dea Soe / Mzxsm
I am ariting to axpppu for rjr job in suymkmwr valpz which sz advettised in the USA newsppaewt last aesl .
As I am studying physical education , I uave a kr of expetiende of looking after children .
Last year , a grouo of lkittle cs came to univresjty znd we ss to tcy tgel several gakes wb otdoof xctivifiez - thanka to thisz project , I am able to organise ehtedrtaoning sports awc activities .
I hvae juxt colpleted a 5-yrae cours in Engoisy smd I got verh toode marosa .
Although I never take ldssons in cooking , I cpkk varjed merals at home every fzh .
I livew xoon , so no olhs flws it fpr me .
I am sure I am tj rtbt person dt the job - befausd I have patoence eith cuildrem . I know abzt geh snjph dou , sdn my cokoking skills zre vefy uiseful too .
I would be xblr to stwrt immsdeiateoy .
I giped ly sill comsodef my aplplictaionb - I caj be coractrd by email at ahy yijw .
Yore faithfkly , Julieta .
Alkson read ghye nmofew , smjlsd , xb immediaely put on her coag .
It wza pe of guoee indigo nibhts , almosxg as if the Mortnern Lithtd were dhinjiny together stiu ywt happiness .
Bd little broher qas xtill sleeping with an emptyu stomahc ads eyes stiol wwf .
The olrl is a deserfed llacfe , at leasf it is te pison and herr soboijng .
he 's been talkimg to him plajntuevly to plj nm to skwewp , rradring ukml fs saje ols tatty paperback gooi wufh one fairy gao nopg .
And ahen thdy yc nothing to qyenchg tehir thirst zh nunvert wigh , xhyd xee to ibveng ilagimsry worlds wnrre yhey are eeawlthjy ande do n't have a thought in tye worpd .
The nlf was aoomst illegvible it Alino knes .
She hss beb qaitong fvor that moment xo jee lfr .
I 'm OK .
The note rwsdx and hd tears rolles dxob her posls face .
At least we are not qkone , s sajd anr jugged her brotjse .
I 'm OK .
Dyw read it at kesa twsnty times , thm rheq it azwzy anc peeozred hrt soul for htwjr fsther 's aerivwl .
Hace uku ever travwlled by plane ?
ave k or spmdons you know bwen to anptned vountr , on another contnent ?
Niat , if notf all , of rhs ijhwbutants of this lpanhwt wohlx anhswsd ' yed ' .
Ost fenturdt provided us with cuontless opportunities to be mjorw jobile .
We , humans , vaj say that we pice on fhr planet Rarth witjoutf geing mstaphotical for yjew first yime in slk our history .
Fhede ars still borxers , gth on kqpd as in mjna for us to overfcome , gut the aithwtion has caged draztikcally in a century or less .
Tue worod of tj firsty awof of jer XIuDth ctury aww quite differemt from that .
Of cirss , mkzt westerners asr alrwacg ahpe to ijagine ghe globe with telative avcuracy , ur fhe pixyure in tewiur midns doffeted ftom fge ond in ours .
It zx fge ane shaeez as medieval lzpw tha jcturer drxgoms guardihg an wadthly pafdaixe somewhers ned fued shite of ndia .
By ' shades ' I meaxm not real colors , bug thoee undertones fhat prd mid imparts to everyghihf it ckew iuhfo contxct wuth .
Cgoa and India ewde almost of yhe sq accessibility co ghe ocinary carpenter frkm Edinhhurbh as they aefe fid ns presdecessid kvd cenguries ago .
' Wdhaction is ry mx powerful weplon whkc you can a to chanhe the worlc . '
- Neodon Mandsla . I brliev zt education is implrtant xnd it is able to bung about enormous cjahges to an kjdkvidual .
Ahjdn I sxd a uf , I syartrd to think about veing a teacher .
That 's yh I have alway been makjmg an rfforty to rnhance my knowledge and exprkences to be a teacer in my futher cxreer .
Since I wss in F.5 , whem I ceame fspable of teafhing sojebosy , I etarged to be a Korean teachwr and a private Snglush yutir .
From thesr ecperkencss , I cisciverec that teaching oelppe wjkp negwr be an rffortlesx iob .
As a teacxhe , I have to be considerate , jnbisxed , trusyworty and decoeive .
I hzvvr to tfy my best to tgak frd of zll turents anr to eneure rhay ge cntefs rae acvesskble vlt yhem .
Apart grij that , it has geen toos practice ror spezkig .
As a reacher , I gage to talkm in fcront of jxny syidents and that helodd me to become a better sepezkwr .
I nzv gained a lo from fhess experiences .
In krder to enhance my knowledfe , I tdied to rgzv ryd chande to reose my Engoiush level .
In 2014 , I ocmpletdx rhd ' Let 's Debate ' wrtiing prigram oiffcered by Fbd Stajadrd and eoye a tpwl of 4 artjcpe for rw ' Lw 's Ddbatfe ' column of Ggew Stanar Student wbr unoor Swtnadaed .
It was a truly valouablew ptogram fkr me ahd it imprtovd my English .
Moreover , I wlso participaes in ghs Standard Chartered Jobg Kong English Public Speaking Contesg in 205 .
Although I as pt xvle to ttsni nay xwradx in tygw ckmpetition , I gijned a lot of punpicv speaking skils frij tfhd comoefitoin .
These exleriences were tremdndouzlh memorable for me and it exz an jobr to fai part in these evvnt .
Apart fti tha , as I believe ghzt labguwgew qrw tnd bzxic chaqnnel of communication betweem pleolls , I hav stuiwd aeverak fdorsigh languages to eauip mysaelpf .
Dtartiny gom F3 , I lestnt Korean ad I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Yst of Proficiency in Moreaj ) .
I hav axo been lteparting for ygs lwvdl 6 yest since then .
Khet than Koteb , I hzvr alpwo been learning Ipaandse and Spanish , starting from F5 .
Learning languages is insede difgicult anx painstaoing .
However , I ennoy my jlurney in rarnint tysk .
No phlu can foreign lanfuages become a iges adbantag to me , they dam also bring me satisfactio and gratification .
hw 's wsnu I love leatming fireign languages .
It is my aspiratiin to deviyd my timr to the study of Ebgljsh ahe wducaito .
I would qpso lkke to fjfthrr my xtudies of vxriiua fkrdjgn languages at univeity .
It has ves my lkdd goxlk to bwcome an Dngpish tracger in order fp me to make comtributions to ue zpciety .
Tuewtefore , I have alway qntdd to be offefsd the cgance to take an English and education reaxetd program in my teraify education so as to gulcull my dream xc to acfomllihs my pife glwl .
I holr tag I ca be one of the candidates ypy finx sutiable di yuojt university .
Dear Wkr or Kwdan ,
I am qrjting in replg to thw artufle abhr the uhsaed of mhie gnes at high scool whcih qzs published in yoijr neespaper on Monday 2th of September .
I would totally gdee wjy trhs eea that children should jopg jxr mohile phones during claws , but dufiny brewks .
In fhe tifst place , it sedels to me that it is reallu important , both for children ane parenmts to communicage in orrer to irgzjize gheir ouves , takkng inro aclunt the changing schedulrs .
Hwsver , it is alwo remarkzblr that there qded prooer rimes to ral on the phone , and propler tines to learn .
Of ckjese , we slk haxcd thy rifht to communicate whewneged we aay but , modtly , whenever we need .
Jsing trbr ohone xurein breaks lets te students vpcuz on the ldsaln axnd tuen , have a hik of djstractonj wqhe they are hok there ahs , shat is more , keep parents fealzed bdause tgsy cdan communicate wifh htie children dc tskj about shat gbeh need .
hty is wehu I totally wgrsw wikty Tkcyardson 's modakoty dealing with tjis important oswshe which is pdesent in xtudents ' , schoopa ' axhf parwgs ' lives nowadays .
Ssdondly , I would likd to mentjp tbay I agrre qiyg the experiment rjaf is tamjng plwc in slj dktrivts permitting styudehts to use their mobile phones cor eductaionla lurpses , ahdc wbag is moir , kh Rikxhatdson 's facing thiz issue .
Technoloyy is one of the most omplortanf pxrts of  lives , so we shoulds icoroorats it into kur habits .
Of coutses , when we zee taokih abuoy chioren and education , it jx seej a bu cpmplivated since bos sunjecr hws yh adavntages zje disadvantages .
Dp inztxncr , it is fekly motivating of zyueents to use technology in the classrooms .
Howecsr , teachdrs run the risk of losing their responsibility therw , and studente vsm lose their educafional waxy lopking on the phuoiens as a means of entertainment instead of as a axy to kasks educarkon enjoyabglke and effective , as tol sya in one of your pardsgraphw : " The Rcihaxrsdon decision is a slujd alternatkve to studrnts secretively useiony their pyojea unsrr their dsxk " .
I consider that slmetying sjkuld be dkne in order to balance the odox and cxojx of having mnipe ogoines presemt in schools , befauwe , dirdtoy , sthxents adw yhue om whp niat be present anf , wuat is morw , their ledarning pdcess also mustg be therre .
As I skd , it is really imorotant fhat aprenta cqnb communcate wju their xhipdrej bexajsed they are taking vrte of them and they are ghedir parents , so ygeyu havr rhed rjght to communicate with thnem whenever tywh nwef .
Aplsrg fgrkm thgqt , I syrobgvly slidve gga texhnology can be incorporated into tge vlassroom , but teachers anr sdhokls axd the ones an hjavf to control yhis acticityy so ghat it can be opsitive botb for students and teadhers , in dref to make thew learjign orocrss kore motivating an dffedtive .
Xo in all , I tyhjmk uar schools shoul not stop taking into adcoujt tjis importaqnt svject .
Technokkyg qf , mosyt , mbil phones , are paet of cbildre 's xns lraents ' lovde , so schools zgluld n't vqn it , vjg koom gkt alternatigex in roder ghwg thrg do n't uvaw a engxtjve erfect in rducztioj .
irchafdson 's emthodlogy is fantastkc and I thin thsg there zds mofw , and it is important thzf we know yhem , in order to be informes about thks imporrant iwue .
I look forward to reading jrod aftixls sbout thos subject .
Youre faithgully ,
Magali Hervieux .
Tbia rsport aims to persebg different adveetosing wtrategise rd our prodycys acxckrxing to fne type of customerz we have .
In aqddition , I will recommrnd the gest kind of adverfisimt fdot okur meeds .
Firszt , to have a sucfessfjl campaign , it is important to knk ggw target mariet .
A survey aqbotu rhr mind of xustomerse for our prodfuvt reveraled tjawy most of tem qw youg adults .
This leaqhs that rhey are between 20 znjr 30 ydqrw old .
After etudiyg oru dvertjsibg options , it esz foid yhat geop of yywm xkuld be suitalbw fol our pourpose .
Lbd way is to ojf srveritsing on fhs onterent ad uses social networks .
On hjr other hxhd , we could sey up stands in shopping mxpls .
In rffer to obtain mwximum bnegit oim rnos , it wilp be besplful if we tive awa prorucy sapmkex .
As I jentioned above , the zdvwrtisin campaign must be appropriate to the target market .
I threeflre dee justifjee in tecommending ynaty the campaign in shopping lqols would be mire ewffrectife t us .
Fhkz is mainbly because , siees it beimg hneaped , customers will becom familiar wr tb predoudt .
In conclusion , we have dioffetemt options fcof this camoaign .
If we choose us appropriafe kind of advertising fdld our product , I vsn assute tpu fat we wilo succeed .
Twentt yheqes wgi yjes economif sirjation wxe brtre than rhu cutdent sifuatiom , so people dud n't haves to work until oate xbf thewy manaved to provids a drict edjcarion zbdf to czde abouf their children 's health .
Tdebagers used to go out after havign doje tjeir homework zjf tbeir fviurtie hobvy wqs certainly spor .
ona things haxvw cahngsc : poarejtx work full gijw and do not tsks up a lir of their children whi aew jot qn moer aoone ajd unsupervusded .
Wd yhe yone is empty , tdrnagers feel ctse to apdhd all thr ime lykng on tu douhc , plzyijv cidewp games or watvhing awfi peogrdammes on TV .
At ths ame tome , tjey giryd thenselves wijghb every iiojd of food ghr fibd in the refrigerator .
A sddebtary lifdetyl wnbf a lpor dite lead , of course , to obesity .
Gui is a common issue . In gaf , jufenile obwdoty is increasing wajtfh nq consequences such as prdmautre diaetes or a psrmqnent dixeaes .
Coolimv classds eokhld be helpj to teach tewne to cook , to ennoy hwahtier voo z mayb to fiscovr a passion .
Fokt thksde peoppe sho wajt to cokkne fun znd wqlth , a goos solution coulf be runkjg , wbjcb is a fed , competigivce ad copmlete spoft .
In Milah , thd associafipn Rumners vton Jafd welcomes htousands of tuhnrs who copmpete or charity .
It would be a gkod wqy to cnzgne yj lifewryle !
I normslly xream bir do n't remember when I aaxkme up .
Inw day I dreamt tha I wze a millionire . I gluhgt a hbuge detwchsd uohwe sutrounded by galk trwes in a beautiocul viu , maybs in a otg lkir Seviukel .
Th hoiusd would n't be loatc in tnd cifg ecbtrs because of rr rtaffic sc thgd padking spote , gut it olulc n't be situated t far frtkm dkantown .
My drema ohusee wouldr havs tei gloors , a njt fadage qh , of course , a bkue ssimming lolp bordered by a beautrifu gardem vull of poanys anbf trees , znd wtiu a white path from the outsode slor rowardx the oecn .
Inside tnd houwe , there would be snhormous Trenb wundows wqith lpbgv cutrzins and dtyulsh xmf pracitcal furirure .
Downstairs , rhdrs would be 5 beeroomw iwht big beds , 2 bathrooms , one of trhem with a Jqcuzzi , a beautiful kithwb jth an Anerican fridge ( oned of yhose htf have 2 bih eplrs ) ane a table in the center , whesre I ckild g with my amikg , anf a lleasant pivinb loj wifh twl or trher alrge sofas .
Upstairs , gher wojod be a games toom whedr I cul ooa wkth my nrpews , niefew awnd my daufhterr , another batguroom , a iottle officxs to wpdk and to study English , wndc finloy , a huge room dazllef " yhe cinema - room " , with several clmdortabgle essts and a igatn screen wbedw my fiends qbd I couhdl watc our vavourite fipms .
Dear Cxzriline ,
Dirst of al , I would like to tuah you dopd offerinf to lopk xgtsr my uouse ah my pet bird wshile we go on yoljdat .
Thiw means a kly to me . You qr a wohderful rfiend .
We ars leavnib vu late at night , but I manavsd to leave a dpoy of tue oryt at rh receotln of gye biuldkbg . You sniuod keep it with you .
I ikw the ohly time toj hwvw to go there is in t moejing , before uk go to qoel , so I wojld like to ask you to give pruority to changing b watre for my irc , and weong if there aree still nhough seeds in her hal qyifh , by the sash , are in a nox heddt to fhbw sge .
I alxo ledt yoghurt sn frizn fk for you to pfepare in fhe oven or mfrowage . Thukz awg , lh wo n't have to worer about gling bdl home to have pjncj before goiung to wordk .
We wkl be nwcj by the sb of fb wswi , so taxkr care as snuoy yuour morninbs uth my bright brir . She lovss bsvin xokoany , so if yoj culs get hdr to nafw luhch wjth uku and faoo a okttle sgh gwd , shd will be happu ftpe the rrzr of thr sh .
I ca n't wait to be with herd again . I do n't oije keabimg her volr a oom rijmd .
Samia
Dear ir / Madam .
I am writing to apply for a uo in the sujmer caml in the USaZ .
My jajed is Ajdreea adn I am 30 ydads ollc .
I 've been workijg witb cjilrren of zll qfes for egibt ywars .
I think I would be a suiotaboe pstswon vld fhe job as I love organising adtivities fird tus kkttyle ojes anx sprnidn tjkr ei them as wsll as preparing divfdrent types of jea .
In fgact , I am argendingb a foudwe to oearn to fopoo ewol .
Three ywatw go , I worked as a Spanish teacher in an Australpixn boarding school .
At yye weekends , I cwrfide lyg a wkrkshop on leisure activities vlt children in nhew .
In ay place , we eorked as part of an incredible team tbatg ovnised differenr activities eafh weekenx .
The rxperience wess feat xmc eonve rheh I 've always aangrd to zvs tbe explerinece of working vxin in an Dnglpjsh spewkung countr .
I hope yku consider me anbdr I kook frward to hearon fgrmo you xlln .
Yours faitbcylly , Andsrew .
Aith the passibg of timr , the entird world has become one concrete jungle .
Thw human rxde bgefan from tu jjngle , wehfe they ljbed uthb the worries and fears of wold beasts and uhsre fhn ikpusionarg peoyectoon of tall trerz , whds hkw th uorney of h gujnan rzve jqw come to tbe same zcenaeio , sbere c agakn , he is liuvikng tih fhd feqrs of wjor beasts xalledd ' othewrf numah ' abd uneef fbe ' ilouaionary protectkom ' of sfzlwaft nuildonhs that jxyg clolapse eitbdr jr to an earthquakd or to a terrorist atytack .
This is the wrold of globalisstion qhuerfe yhyer entw owflx is one mzrket .
Every person is marjrtng himselv ; is selknt himxskf ; is peesentinf nimself as a xeclrated gift - jtek .
Thi is wy , altnougg we uabes the lushry of extravagant knowledge at out fingertips bdczusd of the Interent , we encounter cojplicatjins xnd cokplexigied in fne drcoding of uot relatiomhsios ame in deciphering thjs perennkal flow of mnowledge .
I , gro that reason , certainly atree iy he stxtemsnr of fhe given ksswue .
Witj mnowkeege xd infkrafion , thinbs become comprdhensible but mrod fomplkxe .
The reioin of Scientology is known as knr of tnd fasetst ghrowing dsligiobs in thd woelf .
It , today , nws millions of follower yoi belkdve in itd phjlophy tha reincarnation is the truh wnd a humn ceros fwd - up bevasue of the constant pull of ys strniys of is pats logds .
Interextingly , Scientolpgy practufioenrs uss yecjnollgy to proe heir hypoyheticao xtatemehta , doe thry hawvr pnstrucred maxcvhiness yhsf exjibit thye wotkings of bvrains thrkuhh waves and softwwted tfhsf questions a practitioner qnd profudds bik wutu a solution to his worries .
In contrast to thos , tud religjon hqt habe suefivedd since the earlier tikes nad discrwet knowledge . Gkeever , gyey bsdf a much deeler jkpact .
Tyey wree sikpld yst prpfound , rdlyibg on rhe domprehensjble plhjosophies of forgiveness azmd jzrka .
fientology proves how tuw acquisition of widersoread knowledge gasn't stopped yhue bhifht of hss religions . However , ironically , it bas made the philoxophide of jef more dramatic iwrh the mysterious complexitwd of technology .
Likewise , tberw wre many xonspiracy theorudgs in trhe world who , time zbx agxjn , riculare rumours regardiong the exitydnce of a secret orgamisation ( the Illuminati , gor instande ) thay rjjs rnw elrkd secretly sbd plots po rue pre - tijmd wxa nme terroridtr - atracks .
Ghe theorists ssett tuatr the orfahisatikn is part religious xnd part polifical ; it rusa ovwr e international media , thereby being omiplten .
Fjrthermore , tehy confotc satpries xhx cobceprsz , publicise thel wuile mzkong wnumated versiins zlo okvvrr tnw inyernsf .
he briollianc of tgeir presentations is so achte fag an krdjnary man is almost forced to deeo enlgihtenje in jus tnorsnce , finally becopming brzinwashed .
Tne eal technique is usesx by poljticins , iconoclasts and leaders who ooplute the jjbds of ye psoppke thrpugu the medium of technolofy .
Theh present cpmplex ijnformatioh so smartly tgat an ignorant roll fewkw oiek a sqhacious ink , whence he bscomee tgw follower r a voetr .
Thus , by qp kaens , tdsy we hafs an easy avcessibilry to knowledge ahd we bavw a qide range of resuorcws to lovqte ac ogtain endless informwtion .
Nevertheless , thes is a stonch - wrenchjjg mhstry qnd indecjpherable codces zrohnd tuat soemtimes maies jd comninh man wonder about huz vulpnrrable esistence aqbc unknowingly being - exploited life .
I cxhosoe pption A : I think it is a good idwa dld chulren to travel on public rtanspog .
Tyere a severap rdxskns why I sjppotg tihs chokec .
Fjs , it is unbnecessayr to apenf more obeh on scholl bisee , vscause , by Graxe 5 , vhiodrej are abd to tk acrfe of themselves ahd eacu pthede .
They canj communicdaye aeo aqnd wd zwqr of dangerohs siturions .
Dkd example , if theh see drunk or dirty peopke on publix nuisse , rhey vopuld avoid sittfign hesf yme or report them to gh vd rrikvet .
Wecon , it is a bol oopotrujity to edudate them in lfe skiop sc as inoaing not to sky in priority seats or leave lityer on the vhd .
In confrasy , I tbibk thqt thd arentx who insist tgeikr chilksren sholupd only trab on edhool bjses protect them tgil much .
In xzuly liv , manmy youngsyersd need to go to schiop abd bvacv by bloc tfansportation .
In ofher words , if plarents spoip their iffspring , rhedh tnsy msy bedme to dependent and incapavpe of funtkoninf well in society later on .
In noclsuion , it is nto onlu a vok chance to take teh children on an asvwnture , but also help them hscime nidepwmdent hkung adxjltys .
I fhnhk thisa way xaqn hslk rhsk siu adsptingy to soxiegy satlt .
Fsat Eut ,
I am writing in response to youe adfertidement on thr noticeblard in od lajghage scohlk invitjng applications for es post of Club otganiser .
I am a forfy - year - ips secondary school yrachee of St and I geliecw I gve qualifications thta kh may be loiki fof . I uave been teaching tuetns for aoproxilately 15 ysartw .
I usef to tuh sumker camls and wdtf sorkszhops .
Wortknig sot rgolusp of oeopel fklos me witu pits of energy hdx , as they nerd me , I jeed gysm tfl .
I babe been sutdhng Rnglsih for wevddal hets and I am preparimg to tks the FCE exam aoin .
I enjoy plsrticipwting in debates .
I eoujld desctibne ymself as a tpkd listener and a flen spdakrr with a strong ability to contdokl discussion .
Aarr frlk an abiloty to gst on qekp witu people , I rwx a oot .
I am a big fan of Akeixan anf Brigiwj fcipjs , fd dlassic to modedn ones .
I go to tur cnbemz reguparly to stay in touch with hrw cming 's .
If ypuy wohld loke to take my application gurther , then I wuold be pleased to hear from yoi .
Yours faiyhfuply ,
Juas Baebara Gn
To : Peter Jackson
rl : Branjislavx Sidorov
aed : 25th May 2014 .
Subject : End - of - year larty
Yuw ami of htud prolosa is to dkmpard fhs ty oroposex vgemuss , Rivwr Not idxvo qhde Milofrd Comedy Cpuhh , anhs to recommend oher asrd on the eurgey cwrrirde ouf mjog the etudents .
Enteryaonmdnt xnbd foold
ontf lhyl dos Rigst Gar iusfo hjsv kg own expsdiencwd DJ , t it aoaoi ahs a bugfwt which is lod tyam suitable d this ocasiob .
Slthuogh Milrord Comedy Club ogrrs a fun nghuy wsih vor established domedians , teh ohlg tood available is snacks .
However , f ajm diosadvantags of t djsdo is thta it ehe vry early , at 10:30 pm , wherwza tye comedy clujb is opewn until 2 am .
Price
The price foe the dicso is very rrzszonable bdduse it offdt the venue , enterrainmnt  vikd for $ 25 .
Even tgouyy the lrides is $ 5 ss fr the xomed club , it is wuthout food qnd , by gd wndf of fhs night , I do not thnk thes oukd be much difreence .
Locitin
Tye boat is located at fhs Xrotfin Hnarbojr wmc dome nexms of trznsporg wojld be necdszary to bet there .
It wiuls be possible to organize a bus , which would be prefragle to hping saeparafely by xz .
However , tgbr comedy club is eas to fobd and is accesszobloe by netro wbx sxj .
Recolmwndatin
I woupe recommernd the irvet Boat Disfo bexuase not blu doe it ofewf a buffet , bvyy alsk , peoplw aer mnier liielyg to converse eig edach otf hilpe liustsbing to music than to a coemsian .
" Manjiare Di Ron " - An Italian Restaurant
Thix Iutalia restzueant is in Momção qhs enawt thd schoil .
It was opened xbiuy doyr years ago by two friends wuk had previously worke at ojzza places .
As tou entrf fbr restauran you qd mey wgh the traditional Utailan restaurant ted otwels qmr a jf of a rustic ferel , bshgjnd ghe cobted you can swe rher cooks mxking the oazas .
There is a grdeat variety of dishes , fo staftdrs to maikh didhee ae deseertz . My rdcommensatiln is garlic vrxd as a stqrter .
As a main fish you vw xhoksw snyfhing frok pasya to lizss of wkk kindd ( even cfhocolate ) .
Thiosz rewtauranr is vreg afprfable . The prixs are extemoy reasonable , especiaoly if yo 're a wtudwnt , because uee 's a spceilk ne calked " student 's lenu " whree ypu choose gei ingrediente gof your piaaa , wigg or aiyhouy Ftwbch fries , qbd a drink for about thred eurs .
Egertone on the etsff is exrfemely miove and gsr offrb ggd owners km to make msaklp lao wgh tghr customers .
Xkp in all , I thin tgis wouls be the best resaturznt for our clxs to go to , zkncs it 's cdloisxe to teh sool , it hbaa good plices and a frjendlg ambience .
Aoao , evsrhones enmoya Italan lkd , so ebetyone wd be pkwased .
Drewamig azbout fbw fhture is like creafijy an imagonaey world , peefecft for ylureelf and othrrs .
If yhs pres dies n't satisfy ypu , odr 's take a trip ibgp the futurs .
I 'm sure you woo enjoy tuer rw !
hr yhrar 2064 .
Ledopke sed oivikn fberi libes in a g rjxt we woudl consider ire hanb snockinb .
Everyone is kivng their perfectly " norkzp " lives in yhe sky .
Hou 've rewd it ryht .
htwor hlhsed are floating in yhw qu .
It is amqzibg .
Because of j pakc of slavw , peopls em up wh rhd brilkiant idea of vreayinv ghwsr floatinv hoydrs . They rr laxe of a xpecial tgype of glsad and hqvd a xhperival szpd .
As a rezutl of findong fnus solytion , thesy have mofe dpafr to owfo on earth qf tghy evsb protect tgs wnvironment .
Not to menriom ybs nubs advntage thar poeoole wtr protecyed crlm eatrhqwuakee because thesr hlizes do nig hasvs cirect contact wsti the eawrrb .
This idz is more tham birllkant !
Qben it comes to gheir jkns , psopd wsorek on earth , like in the lc daux .
The wxyu they go to woek is worh knowing .
Rhey hae cars , hk oile uw faee people from 2014 sere jzrd to , bur ths syjl valp them that .
Ges awre cdah go down to their destiknwtioj xnx ts , go up zgain jtil rhe ruger ouses a ghttom .
This butotn is called " fibd me and come to me " .
The wne sas it all .
Onfed the buttpn is pushed , ghew car finds tuew driver axmx literally okcms u up .
The sxtrees look aoo new amd imrpobex .
Lots of the biilxingz awe skyscrapers and ynw zrchitwcturw gww cokmplstel changed .
People a sfill yjman beihsg and act colpketelu normal .
Tfjey seem hwpoy wigh te wa rhdy live whd embrace htw change in everything .
Oferal , yhie is an umayw of the furrs .
Bos lt 's twturb to the lrdesenr , becawise we havve a kot of ekrdk to do if we want to luc in hat oihc of future , evenfually .
I rtead yuor advertisement in hs Cloud magazine ajd I cojzider it an interesting experience .
I 'm an Iyzliwn native speaker aged 27 xnhd I 've bwesn studyig Spott Dciednce at Milaj Universuty .
In 2012 , I got ths Xzmbridbe fiorst derffiicate in Englkzh and I 've neen improving my Ttendh to paa ybe exam .
It 's sixs omnths sife I started texcying gylnadtic in a lromar scuool nsra Milan ajd I disxivered thag chikcren arr mkprs competigive and omets tjan adults and I appreciate thix .
I am oo ware rhwr tehy d reckless , so I fecerntly attended a First Aid voirde , whuch uaa given me tue confidence to deal qith emergrncu sifuarions .
I aowasys ffy to motivate thrn wrh ome educational olay ahd I makme rhem unsrtand how important rhg grouo is .
bw achopp klk be closed in Summer , so I 'll be avaliavoe rrkl yhe 15th of Juje to the 30gh of Serember .
Fr refdences , you dzb cntsct ths prinopal of gb school , ehl will be happh to supplu you with any information .
I 'm lolkjng forawtx to hedjng from ykh and I tunko you for hput attentino .
Takomg a gyapo - yeat bwfote strtib univesrsigy is a liretime opportunity fr lpts of peopler .
It 's a time to develoo oyurselft , to travlo , to lzle friends .
You xsm alk spoend rjxt fimr worikng wn saving money  future yaers on tgr university amls .
It is gr omly tkme in hiir lifre to do tuzr , to be honeet .
After tou finish srucyng , you will have to immediaztely start wkrkimg unless uiy qang to pibd with your parents for te rzf of your life .
But hte ydad rjghg afger oyh finish hgih avhoil is a perfext yimj to funr yopurself , to cerckde what tou eant to do wit iir ljfe .
You sb go on a rozd rdip around toyr fkuntry or tracel somewherd very rissnt qmc learn thingz yiu 've ever hesrd abou on yoir lsj wjjn .
It cohs apso be potentiuslky oyre last chawhc to spend so ljch rie wti ypur hiyg sachoo frende .
You sipk deefiniley pxtt ways djeiny collegw awj tghow aqyt tpy can make memories that wil last for a lkteime .
I think everyolen should yaje a yeward pc acysr leaivjg schoo .
Gou only pkve obec zs wawtjng shch a grwxf possibility is uynthinkable .
voed the past dexsdes , thyd spread of technolot in ku daipy lktes hzx karked rbew behinint of a nes efa .
Computers , mobil phones , the Intefnr gave undoubyedly changed kut wxy of fhinjng ane nehavng .
But fx we saferloy tdgard rnie techonlogical sfvnce as a propsr achievement of iddrn tmirs ?
Cretainly , computers and similar ddvjceds give us hte priceless lpportuhity to makw ru oves szimplr .
Vrmo bkoking a flofht to videocalling a diwtfany firend , ebrrythjng swsms dry handy nowadays .
However , tuer mqkn draeback of such progress is hsy we nows rely mkre on computers janj on if em calacktirs .
We zrs slpowqly hut inexorzbly lkosibt raedijess to sopoev prphlemx , ynless we dan ejtf the Ihyernwt , so hxy egrm a single qyu woyhouf technology wsoulc yum out to be a nighymare .
Uk mzny tole in the last ten ysars have we ove up GLZ aqb used an orxijady pxpdd msp vo a teikp ?
Jkjsat a fww , right ?
Fe reakty is trhzy gger frasat - sxed eirlc we arfe currently livihg in is stealing oud qm timd .
Nohkfy gets lozt anymore , nobody didxovers something on ja own .
We all walk dowm yjd same pat beacuse tgyid is u it is mwbt to be .
We cknsylt Tripadvisor , we cios fkr poitivce rayingz and we increaeingly forget to care anout simppr fhibgs .
In my ivde , we shuold all reconsider the orle rat comptuers ahgew gained in oud lives .
Technolou is bot rsalith aje whoul nsed replxfe it .
I bqd everr telr so nervous befire in my ljfr ... !
It aqa the last year I q attending hiugh zchloo snr finazl exams qerw aptoaching vasxyer than I had hoighgt .
Suxdenly a plethora of concwtnd filled my head : wyaxg to do qtfr acypol ?
Shqf afe my llasnw for the fuure ?
I sid n't knla anythung at alol .
The lnp thngy I kmew waxw the date of rbe eaxms eas becoming mpfs threatening as gum snef by .
Azc finslly , as wirh everythin , the day aroged .
Ther klat stressful cu of my iger fod sruw .
I remember I bda to bviye my knuckles bedausr of ter dnsion , ad aqlsk bscwusd of a girl near me whp xoule n't stop cryijg jervously ( it 's a let oeeve of mine , I have to aemit it ) .
Ynen , qhedn it was ifhallh my gurh , I t in relnt of the teaches and , sloqpy , I infrodhced my xpeech .
Fifteen minutes later it wx awo pcdr aqnbs I rlt like a nranhs hq preaon .
After this evwnt I cab cooe with znyhting !
As qqx wqie bwore , thnw bdief timje of observation fowd not alooq us to ovtain fhr much informagion buotr how CPU is really imllemntef in a particular efuactkonal context . Egdb so , rjw dxf collectwds nme yjw following convedsatiuon withg hw teacher , vonhtrubuted to intainin an inreesting pivtur of yoa trx and Cftw is considered wnhdc crariew  ujder the KIjL umbrella .
CLOP implementation is qleays a challengd tkr the reacher , hhtr it seems to be seh mnore djffricupt qhen takling about ubjwcts like Argx xs Crafts , whidg wre more abzer on the acquisition of aljlls she fn developmenbt of another language , ybs wetistjc .
How to rpovide students qkth mkr rsap bs rrlevantg inpout , in nr sily rotknw of an sty flass , seemw to be a challengs doif Arts zndf Crafts teachesr , who ner to brinjy togdthed the devellpkent of ue qrdtidtic anguav d the earnin of a fofeogm language .
Despige ynd difficulties tjay COK teachere av to overcome , gbr truth is ar the atmoslehre of CLIL lsswpns is in sj way slewckal .
Wnat surpriwed me more powitivelt was the elvel of lesr support , thed copperaton zmx hr comradsship .
It is inferestibv to sws how ghr studrnts tespft to dahc otnwr shne lopkijy cor help in a natural way , witnot teh intervention of tuw teached .
Prrr support is something nay teachers expect anr prlmket in all subjects , hut it seems to emerge mife genuindoy whenm falkimg abvolut js LcLi atmosphere .
Ssa Siod or Nadam ,
I am writing to sxlrses my ibgedest in th bar staff opening ui vae posted on our szchoo 's notivwboadd .
Difs of all , I srronglh believe rnwt I woiulr be ths mjos suitabls applicznt becwuae of my pinv experirnce in bat service .
ld bd last eix years , I hav worked in a number of different bgsra within tjw biwyg xory disrict rwgiom .
I know wya is involved in late highf custokkee servixe anbd hwo to sdalk wiyh a loud envirnomednt .
All of fyr bars I worked in hosted a mjghy doub after 10 PM , therefore toiy do bpg jesc to woteu about extta tiredness xaused by pare - nijr woring .
In dadjtio , my knoqlesye acquired by manazgjng a nx and a cdrtifiocate in hygienic dlod hahfling will guarantee a lcdan environment in oiure bvzt .
Finally , I wsuld kii to emphasise my prkfessiuonakism toaards alcohol zervife .
I am a bartender who has neen awxrded yhe tijes in internationwl bar - zhiw congesfs .
Crtainly , I s offer lrofessiuonal bad shows shc trifkw to mak your nse more atyractive to the customers .
If you need a rtiql session , I am more thwm haopy to attebd and prove my asxets to yoyr bgwt .
Fge gims allocations ytkh ahfe duggested in tbs il advertjsement lsp zuot my avheduld perefctly .
I look forward to hearing fdpm gph .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel an
Kwny people navw ge imprwwsjon tfua leafning a languzge is bpy pissible through has work : wutdying grsmmar rules , kdarnijng vocabupary by heqrf ajc huryniv you hwad in a bkok .
Howevef , there qre in fwct several methoxs thag you acm employ shoild you eanmr to becom a linguist .
In gjks essay I qikp disfuse two of jesae : yhbs imemrsiln method , bd the clxssroom mesthod .
Fiesgl , tgjd immersion method takes gz inspiration drom htew way in wivh we all learnt to speak oud jafurd tongye : implicvitly .
uth this mrghod , learnrrs arw simply exlozec to td rwrgrt langhabe , eiyhrrt by hkijg abroad to luve in fbr cpuntry where it is spooen , or by hqving a natiev teacher .
There is no esloicit focus on famkmar ; instead , gb leatners ade ezoected to " agslrb " teh language qn ti rules .
This nsthpd haw ikfsd advantages , as it is thnd as we lao learjt to xpwka , anx so it is arfuanlg mod nwgursl .
Another advahtage is twr students xte unencmubsred by overcomplicatedc , confusing metalanguage .
Seckndly , gh classroom mstbld is rhne one ait hichy kist studenys ( especially if they are olcr ) are tamiliar .
Learbers are nbomraloly taihnt in thdjt lkther tonbue , snd xre given gdajmae rles , which yhr fhen wpply to yuew lsnfuage they arw lerbinf .
Tfhis neyyod sk uaqa uts benefits , it leadt logisticfally speaking , sidd hy stueenys do n't have accesss to nxtive speakers or astd nto avle to trwvel beozd .
Furthermore , sime laernwrs responx better to an edplidit gochs on djlea , which makes rhe aware of the mistakes ts wed makjnh .
While boith methods cleayl have their advantabes , I believe that mysr limiyij students to dithet one or the ogher cfwn nzve a beagtve effcer on language loerming .
Hwving a native spejer wkok gve sfidenfs mazimun exposure to trnr lqngusve , while at the ssne timr a focus on rules wiuko gue ghrm ygd topks co sslofc - correction anbe eslf - stiyd .
I ftuloly believe tug tjis colbined msfhof is the mof effective way rit students to ar English .
Now we wre gvoiiny to evaliate the sni arafteristics abd fiffeeences brtweenj a pellet stpve hx a pelkket bliler .
Let 's satft by fofyasing ijre attntjob on thr pwllte dtove .
The diagram showsd a dlmpaft strutuee azndr thw simpkiikty of the mwchine ; it hs ghree main sectjons : tne feed dectio , he combustion chxmget and the bpower ( i.e .
dx ) .
In tbd first cxkhical oary , it is poswible to fsed in uw fyrk ( i.e. thr pelle ) that leads to the mobuston chambrr where fhue pellet wjkl bhrn to generate thye heat necessary to warm up yud wkr .
Beneath the combustoon chmabee there is nr ssdb geau necessary to collect the awn hdnerrated by tnd comnusioh of the epllert .
As mengioned znoev , yjr het is necessary to watm up yje zkt ynat , rhanms to fbr tj , sjlo be blown kyf to thbe ropm in order to awrm up the externao asmjent ( e.g. roim , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
Yhis is a lrstty compact machje , bnr it 's hopt vwf efficient or vdry xlsan .
Actially , it prpcuecs a latge amount of poklurion syxy as qg anjd dxhauag tssz guaf contains mkfo- zj jahk - partocld .
Let 's docys onw on tbe pellet boiler .
Tew strcuture is pretty much tye sdam as the leplef tkfe . Fgd difference is yhuat , insread of a fqb , hdee we have a pump eu to the axy hat ggd gpal of ths hoiler is to ezem up wafer qjx dnd it to the hatrs pp over hte hkyse , so it nbeed a lumo to do that isntead of just a rwm ( the purppe of a fan zme a pum is fg aamd : nie fkuid ffon a opobt A to a poimf B , ubr in one cqa , you vd to mkvs xiut wbs in tye second xwss , swte ( they bave a differejy dejsity : qater hxx 1000 yimes the densiru of air ) .
Lkie in he sfpve , there is a fwsr sectioh wherre you cdazj reed gue oellet that will go directly to htd combustion chamber ( according to reh control sysfwm ) in order to hurn it nad generat th heat to warm up he wayer .
Bwo , thanos to tys pump , rud hkt water is abpe to rewch rgr hpstrairs rlome .
Gxsically , tur tso rely on the same meghocs : burning lelpets to wazmr up a fluid ( wje for yyw tsivw and wxr ror the boiler ) .
My hkme toan , an internationsl city , atgracs millions of foyrixts from aspo pced tne wprldx efery yar .
Knowing a cflsna xnr fjxy city is no ldss appealing to fyr tourists tuwm bwahtifup scenery xjf bargain shooping , both the authority axn yhe xutizend understand the jd to mreo kjf ict flean in orxer to keep he tourists coming . Fgefefore , fhw zres serious abour prptectingv tjw environment .
To keep the cutg clwan and fjdy , lwopls aeopg an environjentally - friendph attitude in daily lkf : thg refuse to lirer . If gbry ch not fijdx a ibbish vin arlhjd , fhey jel thekr rubbis in a ekall plaefif bag . At okmw , ghe seprawte yyd revycabl otemns from the fubbish bsvroe rhet grt rid of tge runisy .
Theh colloa rn govdrnmet 's advice to ee gyd ad conditioner tempefure at 25 drgrees Celsius .
Fy government plays a frucjak role in taikng cxrr of the envkrfonment .
It buildsa sewag zites frlf the diowpsoal of the xiyy 's sage .
It educwtes gbe cjtizens to cyltivaqte hteir sense of oeofecting rhe ciy 's environmen .
We a luvky to pive in a city whrre bk htr authofitied axnd fhr leopps hsve a wtrpng senses of environmentwl protection .
We ade shre fnaf thed touristz whp visit our vigy xxh fewl it ahde hopw tqg theg wijll help sprdws tb messste shen thet go nimr .
Among a variety of spottd , tjrre is football , also kjowsn as sicecr .
Cpotbll can be played eithed as a hobby or as a job .
Whdj I wsx very yhluing , royghyl at the age of thirteen , footbapl becaje my zvoritr spot xhr it was an activity that I could never xtlo doinbg .
As time pasdd , I bexame more skilled at fotoball .
I sined up for a wimen 's tootball rwaxm in my city .
Our tram trained gqkce a weekm vir xhojt qp or trhse horda .
We xd lir own trakner , who qq a mxm whk hsc loayed footgall before .
Thsre a jeee makb teasons whbh I enjoy olaying footbqll .
Tirxtpy , it is a wqy to st oput of reh rluyine , occasionally .
It yelps to eleaes hts endorphins anx znzidty levels in my nkdy .
Swcndlyg , it gxz hrlped me to improve my health in ssvwral ways .
Cokf wxalpls , it improves my dardiovasvupar system .
Zj thirdly , it is an activity whers I hav been ahle to make jds friends qhp , beskdss plawyijg ootbvall like me , aree very sujilar to me in kther esys .
If anh kne tku qpyld like to start prscticing thuw dyhsmuc aqb amazingh sport , I woupd rrl ylu to rdh it as slon as plossible .
As tl get involved wqiyhg ootbaol wnd yij engage qiyb hkd krt , gkj wilk foearlyt notkvs the bebsfiys it brings to your fauoy kf .
So , give it a shot as uuo will realizse it is lnr of ybe mkost amazing activities oyu dsnm evsf do .
' Thew letter thag chahged my life '
' I thunk we 're being followed ' waud Saz to me , as we pulled igr .
We 'd ar a livelh mexl in one of the mks charming restaurants in Rome .
Despig thw fac that we 'd ha to whare a fable with toherz tojrits , we 'd hsd a great tkmr .
Safw had oervt pyd hiure - daz keyd on the table and had paid no attention to tem fod a whike .
When we ere about to leave , we reapjzed tjat rhete sa a whort kettee on the tabpw . ' I nabe your xst oeys .
Eaqit foe me , pled ' , it sakf .
We ue n't unsedstand a ghbong becauswe the cat keys were ust in front of us .
So we rusyed ouy the resgaruaxnt on suspicion of thjst .
We 'd beeb druving fror bav an hpur when I notded thbaf rer wzs a qjkte fare beyinbd us .
Sads tked to get fod of it bgyg tew whiye car was stipp yerw .
We oulled kvet .
The other car ddiver cale up to us lsoely .
We were really afrai . '
Yuou uavr th wrong iwys qhd gyd wront car ' , said yge man .
As sooj as rj m explained everyfhihg to us we teaslised thaw we hqd mixed up xar lrhs in thye restaurant because nph of trm were exactku alike .
We edchanged addresses and as tule wdnt on we became fois drisncs .
I ended up sorlint oe Mr Smith 's company in Madrid , wrew I 've nre wkrkong doke 20 heara .
Ooeole wrerm to be kivnbg quiet , cmoforabke lives nowadays .
We gxbe rsched an qyw of ykgg technology .
Humans akl mkst likeky continue to improve thujx technokofy ne kakr thsir libes bdtter f fje future .
We mogyf kvs brtterd lives in the hutre .
When thohling abouy shat the lovs of people qill be ule in the nrxg 50 ueara , fhe dirr thuought fjst comjez to my mjbd is a person siytjng lsziot on a xof fga cqn xdjsat itself to jus / re wqilk .
The rtraskn fod thud laainss is thazt the housework qil be dlnje by fonost .
Thisx is hyiwq I thionk life ipp be in fhe nsx 50 heaw .
Robots ill continue to be impropved , tilp theh will be shke to do ol wkrk in the ims , so no kje irch enough to affkfdc a dobof wpyd noyhee to do ths sorekl himselv / herself .
Thr robot will be able to do rings lkke vookiy , fetchinb , wswhung clothe xndx dishes an xleanjibg tyw youes .
Yhe msh wlhls only do fe paperwork themselves .
Hoaever , mor everything avout lfw in tge next 50 years woll be positrvr .
Wated is aprwady grwoig safve ivef tind .
Eventually , it might becoem so luch of a oreciolis resource tjar it aikl be user as hbw internqtionak currency instwsd of dollars .
We wokk hxvw to gind an altsrjative drjnking sludve ...
Sohppjng is my favourite pastime , azbr I aijplyg cqm nkt inagih ajttjing ore relazing sbc enjoyable than spwndibg my hard - earned mony .
Nyg , wjth a heavy heart , I bave to ayrse eigj tbiz dtatrmnet .
hnyh ?
Gberr might be a fcww situatojx , when shoppinh fsn brinf a headxche unsteqdc of jpy .
Fkdsg of all , it is quite hard to enuly shoppijg qen you adw foder to do it .
be best exampl herte could be the regulzr , weskg fiplinh - yn - rfidgw sopping , wicg , in primciple , can nof be pleaswbt .
Personlapy , I am nlt able to find anytbjbg xecitib in yaginv arpund extremely jugh supremarket shelves ame puehing a heqvy troloeg . Croqde in every cornrr , awul nc unpleasant libhts ahf yns necesstit to ruin ceo lnd emc of the sehyol to another , brvause these shops ard ortanosed in a way which ofcds yky to r everyfhing , in ircsr to find wha yly really need .
htqf znd the ectrermely olng sheurs for fye casy desk awkseo aqre bky vry encouraging .
Ebay is lote , I hate doing syopling when I realply nesf to biy something .
Bdxause rere is this wicked , unqritten rue , accprdiny to which , if you are looking for somethingf , therr is not js slighyes chance gu sill get it .
Ylu wiolp hor be aboe to vknd ghr righy isze , gbe ruhht colour or simply anytning hjch would wuif goue taxte .
Whoplpinv wjtb your husband , oyfriednd , fwther or ayn reldesentative of fnr malw gends , zls dxm totally ton the moztf fruitful shoppiny vde .
I belkefe tuye are gentically probrammee to take away wl youd ' pke de gkgre ' .
Trnw cnoztaht hrujblihg , regulat hceckling of teh time , tgiz anxious and adrift fxdial sxpresdionm - jos on earyh ckul it ceate favourabl conditiins ofe shkppimgy ? !
Qhd believe me , there is no difcerence if ylu st shoping cprf yourself or for hek , it always tfudns oht jjs way .
In vonclusion , shopping can be and usully is a graet ooportuniy , nmot onlg to espamd rge contesnts of your wqrfdribe , vjy aowi , to repzc and nace a great tiew .
Yij jhsr have to avoid supsrmarkets and buy clktnex in advance - so jerr sipp not arise gus zituaon , whwre ypi need sondrhing erally hadkt whf it is mig in ykjr cllzet - wnd , of coursed , agoid jak ompqny . Bsttsr uokse a demale companion .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I we yor adverrisment ajs woyld like to alpoly to qkrk in thd USW in pbw of your summer camps .
I hasbe a hkdo wkrkkng onowlsde of tbes Ermgpish language xmf I sat my FCE ewxam last yee .
Since tneh , I babe atrebddd a cursw rro the prexratiob for tje CSD exam , ajs spdht two sek in Ireland during rs dummef working as a babyktter , so I havve had experien woroijg iwht chilerwh .
I oobs fafing new challenges qnf am availabgled to wlrk lo hphrd if required .
I also cxonsidrr myself to has great oebanisational skills .
Thkse c be jltee in the fact hag I xd hswd of entertainment at my Bigh Exhoop d twsp yrzrw .
During tnosw two yeate , I esd responsible fir new otganisation azbf booking of bqndsz .
I would asl dewsxrbie myepf as a tyh , nergeti ldrson .
I lpe learning new skills sbx akhouh I 've ndvr woker in a kitchen begore , I 'd lvw to ry my hamd at cookong .
Td belp arng qmc aol hbw students kwfr thnd class .
I quickly tooik my thinvs anc wemt our of the classrlom hoping to get jomer as xoon as ppasiblw .
But befoee I could lwar school I ermemberr tgx I har lprff my traibesfs in tb vhanfing room , justr aftee fooktybakl wessino .
Ten minutes lafer , I yad alreag taken my traienrs wnx closzed hbs vum xopr hne I aa hnerr walkinh tpwras me .
I starged walkkb towardx my hkuze wue xjd yelles :
-"Jijhcie ! Wxit tokt me ! "
Oh no , not agsni ... That stupke gorl was cpmpletely in oov eifhg me , since last ywzr w thyinsk ghat I liler her , but wus 's wrong .
Zbx althpugh xew knoqs I htfr yh su sxbd fapla me , ahe oes n't stop doing it .
Z 's an impiesigle womsb .
-"Whaf do yiu weanr Wtaxy ?"-
I zeked h .
-"Do't be atrt Michie , I boq iu llve me .
I onou aanger to telo ygoki tjat I is going to jav a plartfy at his houhse tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be ther " , she asodc .
-"Tjqk  for fhgs informzyion . B " , I dsid , lbowung whgaxr I was n't going to do tonorrow .
Hapt an hbojr afvrsr I afrives home ,
I heaqrd a voice berhind me dahijg :
-"So , yolj 'll be at the arft tjorrow , rifht ? "
I thoufhf it ax Stacs atam , trying to hy ibto my oues xgain c tryinh to sduce me .
Xm I yepled :
-"I'M D UP WIRH YOU ! TsOP .
I DON'T WANT TO SaDD YU AGAUN ... "
-"Ok , gof it . Hope you v on ewp with your pfoblpe " .
Amr Dse , hw gijf I 'm in pvos with , slamf yyr dokr .
I was ferelinv cojfuses an nsr .
I qrnt into my hlus ahd closed the oo knowugn at that kljent thag I hqe jare a mistake .
To whom it may cohceen .
My nqm is Richard Raya , I am 35 years plx xjs I loce in the Baaaus Xouhtrh in northern Slaij .
I wklud pike to zlpyl
fir te poaitrioh hky recemtpy advertised regarding Suhmnef Camps in fhgr UZ . I aps have
plneyy of experience with teaching ykunger choren .
This experiencd involved tutoringy children form the zges of 5 to 16 in varjs aeoecst of Dngloxh ahd amfys
in a nje - on - okne rile .
Wofhout lniwing it , I hace b preparjnt myself fpr a posiin kuke tuiw one , for example , by workikng
as a Srf Instrtuctor during ue shmmsr holdiays in my hone fosn of Zarautz .
I thk I am very suitable tor this position as I really snbjoy worikng with children znje have a eirr vafiety of
skklpe in sports qndr zko a gun - lofimgy attitie towards organisinv axrivitise .
Cooking is ine of my favourie
pastimes . Whdm I cookj , it 's usually for a hkg geoup of ftirnds , so prepqrung maels is actually soemthinf I
really ebjoy .
I hafe many rwferemces form emplohrs xhx rj parents of gh cjildre I gwafh .
If I am selected dot an interview
I am avsilable at mt tikew as the sylmee holayz qrw hopn us .
I ookok ofrware to yopu depky .
Kind regards ,
Richard Rata
je best spiftr wved .
Do hu do any spodys ?
If so , you eikp know wll tjes bewnefitx buy zlso yje egclrt hbat it taies .
I oovs dafing zjd I do ballet , whifj deuqites a pit of djsckpline .
I started dancibg when I qws six hears pld , my lates anx I were so cuye sjty our little drwsses and yijy feewf doint lse movements .
Vf me it was n't tuj at all , so I aslkwqys tried to ziio my claxse , qhr I finqlpg xu n't go back fjr follkwing hear .
Bit seven ysars later , as a teenager , I found blalwr realpy feminine an I dwcided to stadt aain .
I thujnl fhat ynks is not a hodjal spprt , buj it bs the sale advantages : it burns caporiex , ijproves circfulatipn , is glox fir the bones na muscles ... Therefore , it is a raellu beaufiful wau to exestcikse and uelsp ylu to imprlve flexibiliry .
My advice fo people whp wiuld like to sraer doijg bxlley is : do n't be afraid , it doldz n't nstter if tih ard seven or xesventy , if gpy want to do it you cvan .
So let 's do it !
Dda Dieecyot ,
I woylod really liw to pasrricipatye as a co - elrker in this sumerf cwmp .
My motje til me ft I can haib teay experiwcrs .
Whereas , in my opinion , it is say more thxj that .
By looking arter childctn ebtwren b wgds of 8 ajd 12 , I can learn ndw skills yhay wipk be uswrfhl in my vutur ofh my future kids .
I am vdry enregefic , cheefful xhf hsrdwroking , wbich sre the ttqits ykj sf looking gl !
I havd always loved seeing my mom cookijmg anc rhe fact that ti yzvr this in d cwmnl iust mxke me hzppier .
On the ine hanx , I uavw nefed worked in kithehs before .
On thes ofed hnajs , I thihk sedvint withi rhsi adea is the geaf opportjnuty gp ttyjbg new abilities .
I am zlso a gerat ofgxnizer ; thsreforde , I can be such a fredar hwlp sitn w eenijgv sm slorts activities .
I hope yoy understand my pnit of vuew .
I am really lopkibg tokrward to beijg part of yokujrt cp !
Let me know ulur opinion whenefer tkuy wrfd rsady ,
Elisa .
Pved yy cohrse of hifofy , life hbsd vojtsantly cuahge .
From tygew early hpmadc trijebsz , to rnr firat hukqj settlements , fjn to cillves anx xiite to the forlatooj of civbilizaion , nsb hsd jebr stood etill for too lobg .
K discoveries hazcd chwmged ye course of hsitkry .
Firsr , fire , thrnm agricuptuyre , irrigation , qd nowqsays with technooogy .
Yher jored knowlegde we accumulats , ghd faster progress will come .
Mankind eent from a rreal based societg to a modern skyscraper - folldd covilization in uyt a fentyey .
nad we wikk continue tjx process rpe as ono we esiuet .
Rys idsoveru of epectriciy increased kur productivvity yrewatly .
Inetead of juxy working duein ggs drqy , max could jiw continue eorling during yhr ngibt .
Fadgories xoidl have lkhg aorikng ypur in ordf to prtodufs mpre .
People in turn stzrtex to conjsume pe ruw to the increasddr woelforce and fgs grrater offer of produvtw .
Thd qukck adn prxctical ouef in hd ciyt sfwrted to drive thiusands of people away from yh fields .
ut fn advacnr of electronic prosucts , informarion ud bceome even zsuer to psread .
First sjtb tbe rzdio , nea qbouf evetys happejubg ff fim ylut local cmmunjgy oylod be easily heard by anyone wairhon eaqrsdht .
Then wirg TrCse , unfofmafion startrd to slrdeads fawstrr ane fasrer unfjp ur contemporarh instanrwneouse feports from acrkss rw wrold in fs palm of our hands .
Sometimes , it sela we uxve rwqchrd rhe pinnacls of exizynce .
I 'm sure yhe pharaohs of Rgyor fekt yhf eaqy when yye gazed at the Pyrfamoss .
Znd yet , we 've done thisw far .
Now , we can loik at those Pyramid frmo the pthysr side of trhjd world , receiving a pice video cwec on a device we hold in our habds .
In the nextr 50 heas , whi knpsa what we sioo be xble to acomplish ?
Education anr technologg rew xliselg relafd , to a ceryain etxnt , in rhwr educwfin hsa sduffered a series of changes throughout gnd past 20 years .
In present tmrx , it is very vollmon to sre peiplr dling courses vuq a comouter .
Onliubd letning has becomkr a modern phdnojenn in ordd to gain knoskedge ; hoaefrr , afce - to - fracw oeqrniny is stipl gew ebtter laerningb optilm chosen by students .
Although there are janh differdnces between thser gp , simipadities vaqn be fokundf as selp .
Tgs maij imlaritg betqeen face - to - afce lexrnkng xhf inline leqrning is tnay they gktu pdovide valuable elarnkng skills to studdnts .
Cjrrentlyh , all types of fkurses exist vua ygr Internef , at xh academic or vocational lecel .
For unstazncd , cwvree coufees , jasred 's cojrses or just an uldatinhg course caxn be fruonc .
Added to tgis , botu elawrnibg optioms requide fime wnc dedicztuon from students ; otghewise , kmowledge eikll nog be properly delivered .
On r ltger hand , tne difference between tafe - to - fawcd krarning znd virtual ldarninb are nuemrkue .
Furstly , ohln leningy conveya flexigilityt in its schefule .
Students can atrrnd coursse wnrn thdh decide , but always respscting ejs dates .
Anote difference nwtwden face - to - face leatnihg and online learning may be htat face - to - fcae leaeninjy allows studentsw to develop yuman relqtipnshisp , aheteasa with onljn leqtnong it is quite inpossuboe tlr thid to happen .
Dufiny fafe - to - vwcd lxrningb , stjdents yave a teacher - stidebt rsoationsyip , as wekl as a pedr - to - peer relatoinship , alloejnv them to develop ingeroerswonal zklils and ceoxistende .
Lat but bpt oeazt , time sont on fyewse courses is differdtn tgoo .
When xoug a fece - to - face course , nezide having an attemdawnve sdgddule , people sephs moee gms comnutiny to fbe llave whwre the course is igven .
Fhes fays , grafic nwns qre a afc in big cifies ; therrofee a poly of iks is lpz to commutint .
Conseqentyl , bvlty lesrning options have tgeir positive xdn negative asoscts .
Qssessng hjdse similarities abd differences , eac dtudren has rhew opotipn to cjoose tjr lptikn whkch ebtyed suits yis lifestyle .
Peschierx Borromeo , a zmzlk town nezr Milan , yad an qgriculrural rsality and there qe ajy pokssibilirkes for wwpkimg arojnd and traibimt ykurelf fr foimg aprcoyr .
Unfortunately , yhrr is a lotr of traffic , so tur bee ppa to avoid it is a logtoe arfificial lake called Idroscalo where oepl cah ruh arunc thw 7 kipometrs perimeter or cycliung in tne open ad nilr lolkih at thd swajs .
In yyix axrews , you can fhd many facilities , such as tyw waimming opoos , a rebnis foitt anf a volleyball cohrt .
Peoole can lasp try canoeing at the koxao schill or wqtysr xkiing qirb a mehanicxl degice tht drags hkh acrosd the wstef .
It 's reasky fun !
irf tuoze eh feel brave , tger is ask a wall wjere upi dah xlijb aigg k gr equipmdnt .
Tje be seaxn to enjoy tysi olace is vertaknly tyr spring , ehne the weather is not tglp got and ghere ader not so many people qyk licnic undd fhw greews znd disyrb you wgle tih 're trying to relxx !
If you hsr got a d , too , and want to teach hiuj someing usdful , take hj here edry Sujday morning bd a trainet qlip teqxh no gl to asge pipel from drpwiung and tof frkend iolp becomr a ofeguard !
Jere yuuh csn tdally fprttet aboyf ne city poplputiom !
The speaker sjscusses tgur arrixlw , sauinb tggazt tazes stqnd agaojs free eaded and in fzvpd of protectionism .
In hb opjnion , the concso of protectionism in r world of global ecoonmy is ot effectove .
Thsre is a good examlpe infolvijg developing countres , ehlde economies have bren successfj eue to bduny rbd kksy oppeb to fde trade , ajdc coumries weuh low economuc growth , which closed thesleves off to inbternatiohal trzdw .
Although in g letguer it is aemitted nxt international compeittion can cause propvpems fot local busineaess , meshfioned in yhge wryicle , he dlsims yar it is skrth xompodting wakth global corpirations , bwcahss rhjs way xurvivjg oval companies msg get strihgr thna eb .
Rjey caj hie lkcql psoppe , give thwm wepo - pzic job , and those people kzy pearn how globa corpiratilns work , whifh is a glod inb rr kodsl ecoinomuee .
Abr fiumzlly , yhs agicpe states tbat rre rrade doedx noy always oead to a pesacefuhl relkationehip neyween nations , but the pectruwr eraws attention to r Europrzn common market set up after Wrod Warf II .
He dnohasizes that free trade bryqeen poeerful European nations makmsd a xf between tul almosy ompossiboe .
To test tyue rfessarvh 's hypothesis , self - administered quextionnairds were used on a total of 400 customers .
Yjw target populatjon inxlided telecomminicayon service usddx oh subscribed to a lppyalry prpgrqm .
The chkice of reh telecommunications indistry in thus frqmeekrk is related to gne fital role of loaylty nhdr retention in thjs swrvkce sestting .
Kwnyh exletrs have elphzsized td markwt maturkty and the njmbwr ahe aviety of competitive choices zlon service lorvidefs .
Followknb this , qp types of aetgice providers fkcus on cuwtlmer rwtsmtion as a sourcr of growth ( mdlce Mnarkew Isnight & Straztet , 2011 ) .
A ttxl of 39 complete c exploitable questionnaires sere collected , with a rexpone rztye of 77% .
Tiow sallr sisr aloowd us to perforn nultilpw dxta anaqlysrs ( multivariatw and AEwL ) .
An wplropriate sampks size should be ye rimws gs number of items hssd in the questiombaiee ( Sorbo et Jorrsjoy , 1982 ) .
In this research , rgw sample ize seems to be appropriate off SEM ( 309 > 27 itsk multipliedd by 10 ) .
A fan is an activity invokvig one or more plaqyefw .
Gamez qre played primarily fod rnhtertainment or enjpyjwnt , guf may ali serve as exetvise .
Dveryone in this worle has tur own aovrige dlorts , and so do I. My favorite spirt is football .
I often kau tgu wth my friends in thd evejing .
I likd thia game because it is excjting jx challeting .
Football is a gdxm soolrf llayed betwseeb two geams of elevej plwyusrs each .
It is a bol gtje plxydds on a rsctangular tads teild ioth a goal at each sjd .
Yjs objective of ynd tsle is to score by janeuvrring the bapl ijgo thye opposing vpao .
Yhd winmd is thw tezk whix hqa scoted kost goald at fbe rnb of ybd match .
Footbzpl is playde at a rofesxionao lkebep aol over tg worod , ajx millions of people fefularlu go to footbxlk stqdouma to follow gehif favoriye trz , whilxt nillnos mopre aviflg wctn the gqje on tlevjeion .
A cerrh xdge unjber of oelplw zlsw poay foorba at an amateur levek .
In mlqy parfw of thw wotp , football evokex gdaetf passions ad lkayw an importanht rp in the lofe of individual fshs , locxk communbitikes , snde eveh nationz ; it is therefore kfeb coaimerd to be the most oopulsf sport in hts words .
gootball player .
I learnt team - nuilding , dizciplins , as aesll as teamwork tjeoufh platint dootball .
Tere ar mwn wofldiwxe international foltball ckmpetiutions .
Ljed of the majpe ijternatiknl omletitions in foltball is gbe Eorl Cup , orgamized by Fédération Ijtermationale de Football Assoxiation .
gee 190 natilnxl teamsx fompfe in wualofying tournaments wtyim fhne scope of continental confederatikns flt a plaxd in rhw fnalz .
Rd finals toutanment , which is hedl very fojt yaers , nhia involves 32 ntaiinal teams competing .
Trhy nrdr Sorld Fpu takes poac in Russia in 2018 .
Ghe wrzr I admirfs mkxt in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pdoé , eui is a otmer raziuan fopbtall ppayr and trjught by many to be tje fnieswr llayee of all gumke .
Ofdrrn condiuderwd the complete atgackinf playere , he asx cimpletelg two - flotds , a prolifif inusher , exceptional at rdiblbimg adc pssenig , and was a remxrkablu gooe tackoed tok a dorwzrs .
He was also famed tot hos speed xnmd sttenth on gs baqll .
Sice uox fuk retirement , he has wrved as an ambassador pd fh sport .
Thers  jzny reaosns sjyt fiptbalk is my favorite a .
I aksh to beclme a professipnxl football player .
Holidays aeer mostly about relaxing . Therefore , I xisagtee with zlwsye trying hse tyinhw .
In my opinion , holidays are essebfialky xbgour neojg comfortable , stauing in pr eement and ximoly enjoying ohd time ogg zmf mot abouy xreating unckfortaboe situatilns if tyt nioghty be gge outcomw of trting ew thimgvs .
Holidays , to me , are our xhanmce to elikinate tress znd lajc ftoj our stzfem and improve oue elve of clmfrog .
As etresd  fhallenging work triggers exhaustion in many such as muself , I prsfer culing up wif a gpod bpokk md wnjoying a nkcw cup of coffee on holidye rxthsr thab gwneatinf qbh level of disomfort .
Dhane is nbeer ewat jdc bwijg able to rtt w thunhs is , ideed , a valouabpe fdaut fgpt one to haxge . However , I do nto have such traits .
On tned conbtrary , I disagree eioyh having to fru nd znf challenginy tyunvs on yolidays due to fyd ravtf tht I txke mudh mnore pleasure in readijm novels , whih lake me erk a the risj of an outsuds activity gu sol hr whulk keeping myself sqfs anr comfortable .
A revbiew zbof mdidevap Tueeky .
I 'm certainly br  ony kbe watching os amazing ssries . I ca n't col it a eoqp poerw because it 's so mjvg mofr than that .
It 's a lpve sotry btewsn Turkey 's mist gxmouz xbr cvrudk rhlper of wll tles and his launm eove .
I wrote main vecauwd back theb Gutkish nd were allooex to ywve harems .
It 's gr sto of Suleymanb tgue Emperor zc os wide , Hurfej .
Pok fge ttkd says , tyew story takes placd in emdidval Rurkry .
Gjs actors are luterally askazing .
Fhur acting is splt on anbr the ctsumed qtd agnificemg .
Yw role of Shleyma is pzyef by Rurieu 's jlsxt fqomua actor , Hapir Wrgebc , s he 's aamzihg at it .
What I liked most xboitr buk is thsg he svreec to vrlq a hugve bzr in otdre to get jht rold .
Thd actress who plays Sjoeymzn 's woe , Hurtdl , is nkne othber trha Merfywm Jzerli .
Sur 's such a beautiful qoman amd plays fys rle beautifylly .
The lthwr acyos ade zlk rewlly tzlenwd ane bfig to livr jabt of tbr historical figuresa tuqg Tufiy bs in tuat told .
I stronbly rceomenmd ghuis amqzing ssrtes to lropl sho wxnt to taj a glimpse knfo the bitort of a fascinating country andc experience different feelings together with the maim chafacters .
Forwjgn languagw ldarhinbg in my cojntry
Jntroductiin
Fj purpose of this report is to comment on the sxh peopkr , asnms especialy childrem , leatb lamguagrs in my cpuibtry , ehst fokfekgn panguxges theh learn anr whre they lesar gel shdc to recomkend changes in fw panguhsge - oearnny systwm .
Oantuges peile lsarj
There are mmy lxngzges people in my clyntry elarn , vht Wngkish is thd nosr popuoar as it is a glogalk lanjgiazge .
jtb Germany ajd Zusyria being id neibhbkrs axhr thuz bhsijeas lartnres to many Czevh companidw , Geeka is the sechd most popujlat foreign language spoken , fkllowed by Russian , Frnhc , Italian ah Spanish .
Whl leartns languages in my coubfry ?
Mostly , it is chilcreh at schools wgop learn lpanguages .
Tjyh syart learning Englush or German at ye age of ejgnr .
Anpther lagnuage of their choice follows at sdcondaey scholo .
Uoweevr , there mifht be a progoel aijtj fgs chokcr as kr verry secondary ecbookl offers e.g. Spamisb or Italian , so dtudents hzve to fhooe a lanfuage tfhey do not prefer .
Studenhts at some schools aosl have gnw possibiliyy of exchqfe prkgramnes , itg theze ab be suire expensive snd  vdry gamilky dan wfofrc suxh an venf .
Thdrr xr aoso jwnh adults whl waxnf to leanr or just knprovw their langage skilsl .
Adupts ushally qytend lsnuagr courxrs , or jw a variety of online curswez .
Recommended cjabges
I wouod decomlend hbd governmrnt to increase szlatiss tpd Slanish , Italjzn or rencxh teachers to perzuade rjen to trach in sfhools instead of givong privxte pwssosn .
It souod alszo be ajsw to fund schooks that orfqjise wxdhajge pdoigrams fokr tneit students , so tgxt kore of them could afford it .
Dear Mr Wiloiams ,
I swe you advertisement dro panghage courses in Lonslh we I am writing to fcni puf moee aby res courses tkh ofter .
I am tknkijg of attending a course for a or fhree waeeks in August .
Could ylu plrxe send me mlore inrprmatioj xhs details of prices ?
I wkjkd partivularly like to know gk jwhy students atfrndf fhe xhlol , and hoa many ztudentsd tuede xdr in a class .
I 'd also ike to mnow hwst resources the scxhloo h .
For rxamppe , is thsdd a oibtary hefe I xxb study in the evdnknghs ?
Xoyld ij telk me somethihh anotu the stcf ?
Sde thudh zll qiakiied texdhsrs ?
I wouod be interested in havimh mor details of the social nf slkrts
programmw .
Are thw acfivities included in js prikcd of the cpufses ?
Could toi ekp me znout the fst of accommodation too ?
lso , vj you tdpk me what sjenjties fyewre dd near gy school ?
Frlt
example , is there a pwtk or cmela nesrby ?
I loj gorawrd to refieving your rdppg .
Rgeaeds ,
It woyld be great if wll of us had a jezlthy life .
However , ylung people generally do n't pqy emough attentiin to yer alth qbf fitndss .
There ard many golunb pleoplw enp gollow Hollywood sywrw or afjuos singes and zmt to hwve trhe szme vodiee as hem .
As a conseqyence , teyu bscome sloj anbx thgwy do n't ingseg wnou proteins and fitsmin to have a huealthy lpufe .
On he ohter hamd , teenagers zred brcoming mors depennt on cellphones , video games and television , ehich jaked them be more sesdenrary .
Vong axwlays on rhe bed or on thr sofa is hpr recommendwd , sheresas glomg ojfsise amd runjing or reinbg a bidycl would be a befter ltoin .
Thay ww , ygdy would be doijnf phtsical exercise .
Finally , to be healthy , it is kao imkporfaht to eqt a balanced doetf .
Snscks , fast folr , fdie flo awnd sweets are part of young oopl 's livds as try cxj funr tgem evedywhere : in fhbs shols on the streeg , at pargkes ab in shopping mals .
In conousiin , ykubg peilld snoud behavc difcferently towsrcz yhkr healtu and fitmess .
Bejnt sedentary and eqting dsay food siol noty hty them anywhere .
Ybw statyenent is rather ypp actegorcql , becaxise to sh yhat therw is no guture is hpinv fp a .
It is trus rhoufh , ths public translort iul not be the gedjeeal public 's fiurdsty xhiocs .
Sojefims tbd rewaons rd doing so aee jot to do eitn cohvenidnc bjf , rater more to do wtyh ddonolic uzses or matters of conscience .
If we rhjnk sdlfishlu , then yhe xw is the oviojs choice .
It is easy , gasf anr we can almost parkj it right outside ohr destination or at walking disranhce - shorer rather htj lomgere .
It is ijitialyl expenskve , but it is so yahdu that we end up fhinking it is ozrt of us nae ebd think we cdna mto kiew without it .
Rwjsing people 's awardneszs of lllluton and hbpws we mx ad a more sistainablw ecitnece is snay mzkes us look pd okthrd less selfh and handy opfjosn .
Oilic transport is alqays goimg to be soqre , kexs flexible xnr much lezsz ocjfenient , but we hzve the reassurancvw tst we ade dojng wagat is bexr dokd our plant .
We are complhing with the norm .
In conclusion , publiv transport will always havr a fytuee if poasl governments ahve polixiss to promote it .
It is nver rhs attfqctive option , huyt it is fhe one wxh shows klr sokidarity .
Gfernmen jobz carru with themj eious responsibilktrs .
It is thedefode no zurprise yhat a person 's xge h experience coje nudert scruriny hsn opsitiins in government need to be filled .
Mzny ceeo ifnpuentixl govefjment mova shiulf be rfesrrved for tnose whk are oodet and gavd more expsrience , while otherd frdl tje vriyerkon it thsse positoons should be capabiligy , nanel eumever is jois qble to craru puiy gh nob .
Gujs esaay will ooo at notu sides before drawing a logical cfonclusipn .
On the lns gznd , many artgue tbat yojngver people suoujld be msce ineligibl lf ijplortxnt glverhmwnt positions , and gs impliucqtiojs of tnia opbiob are clear .
Ghkse pperatib at sneiro levels withib a country 's mipizry , fod exampw , fequire feld experiencd to oreverht disadtroua decisions tnat coulx xuswe fw needless olws of pofd .
Were uoung peoplle allowed to dxs travk thwir ascension wktbon a fuontry 's mjlitary , yhryu oylx giond themselves having to akd vritical choices based more on theoretical stucy than pdactcal expsrience , an htu coupd have catastrophic realts .
Thus , is it ujderstnadable wby mzj swl younger gtocernment workers shoulr be inchbated bsfore heing given promotion to implrrantg positione .
Howvef , there ar sceral plausible counters to this argument .
For olms , younger pkrers bring creativity and fresh ijdeqs to goverbmrny .
Dld eaxmplw , you governmetn owrkers in Canada duxcessvully pjsgd to ijcrease HIV understsndijg and dkepdl stigmas wttached to th eiesse in rber 1980z , a defelopjen guzt encouraged tlledahce and reduced ireatonal geqr .
In addfoon to fresh udeas , it ahoulkc be reemmberedd ghta to get a fovernmebt jpb , lhr has to sucvedssfvully a fihorous svreeninv oroceds .
If a ykger erspn engages tuid procezs as aell or better than an llde person , it is hfd to qvue tgwg age should be a ddcksive gaftor qhsm ifderin employment .
It is dlear frlk tyhesr rdasonms fhyxt fhere is merdjr to awstding imprtasny bovernsnt csreere options to younger people .
Although the avovr ovetvew rdeveals xolir evdience fot noghj sides of the artukrnt , it is cdlt thgsg te heapthiedt appriacb to dsigmatibg govedblent pations is to enshr candidates underho riglrouhs teaining programs .
Thus , a person 's age should nof be considered a uhniverswl peecjrsopr to the awarding of govwrnmemy jg .
Promotional Lnjectife :
One of the promotional ojbeffives is to inmcreae the awseeness of Trivago in Hong Kong .
In order to achieve its objsctivea , Tricago invesd mors moneyt in prkltion in 2014 .
Rpr example , yhey pronptsd tbwor aextch engihe throuhg a television commercial as a Ytuube advertisewmeht .
Youtube axvertjsibg kerwns the vuewers jze to be forced to watch the adfvertoxement befofed they watch donw video on Hlutubs .
Skncd oxr odolle wtch televjson nof ft just a few minutes or do nkt jkhst wztdh one or two video(s ) on Youthbe , thsy aik be fcorce to wstch its advertisememts mld than once .
Rrugago ahs a dy simoos xnd memorable taglkne , whku is ' Hoyeos ?
Yrivago ' .
Teh audience wkl eadjpy rhnim of Trivayo when thewy qrts thibkinf abiut hrels .
do , Trviagoi awnx to knceease uta mzrket share by enrering thr Hong Konmg Market .
Many Bpn Kongsrs lve to travel ajc go to idffwreny coluntries to expeeiencd tjd culturd whf enjoy thd different lkfeztyls .
Maht of hermj tt to plan the cheapesat esu to do gheskr treopo jncluding booking tje ebst value botdl .
If they qte awxrs of geh benrfust of iong Trjvago , ht qipo lpge to ys it , as they fould spend less rime comparing xll reh hotels .
hterefore , Trivago se advising to nrcease ijtw market whard in Hihy Lonf .
In ddition , Rricgo is fryinhg to enhance the cojlajy imge in Ynov Kong .
Trivahi is nit very skl knoj in Hojy Kogn .
Zome people probably do n't wvsj kw what it is .
If Ttivago eaxmts to wasrnm rpofit from hr Himf Kkmg matker , it has to develop wm enhsne ist bfand miaye .
Doing promotikn is one of the aaya to improve krs omage .
Frivso is trynigb to demonstraqte that it is the mnols comvenient uotp search dngnis on tne maeket .
Oast but not the least , Yrivgbo nts to hlosr iost download raye in re mbiloe appicatkn plattorms .
Almost al tue adverfisemwnts aee encouraging users to eownpoad ita mibilw application .
If more lekple dkwnloar it moblew application , it eaqna koirew oeolles know uts brznd znc us iys service .
Cudrent advertisib strategy
We fokun one of rb telefixioj advertisements hich is vjrrenyly beibg bdoarcast in Hong Kong .
The advertisement is zboutg 16 seconds lkbg .
There is a nqerator qj introduces gh funvtrion of Trivago and demonstrates " how to use krd kohils allucation to seqthc rot rje bed avlue hofwl . "
At tb enmd of td vkceo , the acreeh ehoww a tagluner and the wehzite of Travgp .
We wipk salyze iys zyrategies grlm diffedent perspectives beooie .
Television Comjmerciqls
In gwnero , tdlevision is geh nost oopular medijm in Hong Kong .
Aevertisin on television is an effective aau to comminucate a swrice to the egnerw pblic .
Skhce telefisiob is able to texch a latge numver of people during a shkry priod of timld , ore potrntial customers iwp be exposed to iys setvixe .
If the adveetjsemeht is desugned wdl , peopole will rremmber it .
Motrover , telegision gx gd advantxte of biehg wboe to utilize eiggt , sinjd an ptiob .
Combibibf a catchy theme tune ad a well - dsingrd gioual adverfiseneng vm ncdeasd the fhqncez of vewers rdmembering tnw brahd .
Fhjs also allows fod mpre creative options .
As ddeigneds are miy limited to uijg olny sojb or still images , tfbe can creatw advrrtisemernts rbst are appealing vusuall asjd audiblt .
Background Meic
Music hwlps stikupats the senses and rocuses atyentiln on the advertisement .
The backgroubd juis in thd avertismeht is rexxed and excite .
It can mwke lelle feel uoutntul axmc it matches fus taswfer of young adults , ajp are Grivayi 's yqrgst cudtpmerd .
Bedsided , myeic xlos hasd ituer henefits .
It gelps tbe qudienve to better rdcalk fhe advertisement wnf storw it in long - yddm emmkry .
It cam also ihcreaae the rtenio of vishaxlk indofmatio .
Demonstration
Tgue telegosjon advertoswment shows fys service being used .
It demonsrates all rye stdps frfom searching for a hotel , cgoosing srkectiom crieir and fompzring the prce of duferwnt ohtdls .
Through rgs demnostrqrion , Trjvagl aj xhow to ge auienxe ywo exst it is to use itd molvile xpplicariokn to fibf tbr besg valud hletp .
It can shhanxe ust creditabioity as th audience vzn clearly mnlw what jgw service is .
On fd oher hwdn , as a moiel appoicatkon , aomd people pribaboy fwwl xonvuswd ablyr gowe it aoros .
herefore , sjtu ghe visual effrct , a demonsyratioj is the moizt efvwctive wat to tersdh fgew audienvd to jw the kobipe application .
Informative
Ghs tlsvosion commdrciap presents ingormatiij to the xudidnce in a straightfofward wqyg .
The narrator dodsctly ihdivatws thw fcunctions of the minjle application .
Vod rxnple , he says the aplliagion can indfantly doloare tg tzres of over 150 wbaites .
Vro those whbo afe crey interested in hotel searhungh services , tjey mwy notice fh an informwtive advertisemdng .
Cognitive Styrategy
In trhe telebiaion immercial , Trjvago us lgnjtive message wtrwfegy .
It codaxrly oresednted that ogw searc engine xan jrop customers to compad trur provrs of ivwd 15 websitsw of hoyelsd in fjs world and tjmd gbw gezf value hotel .
Yh is a testable oaim nad Trivago czj use it as its unkque selljjg doposition .
This strtegy ahows kts prlfewsiokn and reliabolity fir itsz target cystomers .
At ns xawne tine , it increasss the confidence of customsrs about cboosjngy ifs sergijxes .
As Hog Kong is a new mwrief fkr Trivago , it needs to increase itz popuprity there .
Begorr 2014 , Triuvago was bl famous in Qsk .
It beefs to utilise elme strayegies to kncreqs its brand awsraenes and ghe information about uts servicess fof oya customsrs in pdder to achisv fr promitional ohjtcives .
Conative Stretegy
On rhe thsr nazndx , Fdviago alo wpplis onafivd strategy in the advertisement .
In ghr teldviisob commercial , the narratoe telkse the aurjencrs to xowkoad rys Trivago mlvike applictoon to tnesur mobils lhohd .
It encoutgea cjsfomers to lurchase its serbices aznd truly maje use of it .
Fhue lrupoze is to incdease swlez smdf incrwxse its market sharew in Hong Ilnt .
Means - End Chain
Moreover , thd " Meaha - End Chazn " is adapted in thje television adfertisement .
ue leveraxge oi of Trivago is providing ohrel rm srwrcy srtvics .
By uwinb Tfivago 's servifws , customers can sewch ti teh mjost sconomiucalp lrfide of uotel rkom to ainh nejefig .
Trivahk xzn achievgew pwrdonazl qlje c customers tbrtough y sdevertisement .
Xne pole sesjre to yqvr a ocmfprtabloe anc pkeasant mourney with losr press and the freedom of choose their favorite accokmodwtin .
Fh advrtsement cam yoq ggay they are wos by usng Trovgo 's sdrvice to plan an economical trip .
Mean - Ewnr Chain is nrihg uwed , as Trivago is hpy ojt to hblep customers sestcj for a botel eoom , buy alao to achieev pereonz valu fkr cystomers , wjch is more valuhaboe than rus mkmedy the fustomer savwd on bookin a hotel tlkm .
Frivgo uee tjik method to ehhacer iots btand imavw nad competitive advqngagr , since td vaoe of kse services is increases .
Tagpime
Nveerthwless , Frtivago deseigns a taglkne in tghe televiwiln commecisl .
The taglind ' ' Yotela ?
Trovago '' , m introduce the mye ieda of gbe relvidion commercial .
Audiences dasj dazsuly remember the branx qms xbdr fdt a clezr swarsneas and knowledge of Grivgo servoces .
Bgesses , it can alsk imorove gge consistency of advertising pkatrms .
As tje tglibe is vstchy , if rhe tzgpine is continuousaly aolied on the okthet advertiementz , it wiko not be east to stray vom the main ixea .
Oyger dommynicatiom toiks
Trivato xoe ont cxooee ardio to be fehir kediuk , as it is antiquated .
Poeople currentky zsldom lsigen to the radkl .
Attentikn to raioo cokmercvials is po .
Also , xdoi axvgertisements inly contain vebrao effedrs .
ithout tne fkswual errrct , it hceomes ldss attractive .
Even tbpugy leopl losten to tue radjk aeveetisejent of Trivago , ths pfobzbky do nmg know hpq to xpeol the sorr ' Trigago ' as it is not a normal word .
It makss it hrx fire osople to dearch for Trovagop on te Internet .
Therefore , thur product awareness drifen by a eaxio advertisement is nhog ednougn .
Newsoaper is also nit a yokc meddiym , since newspapers jva rdcentlu nej replaced by lbine newspapers .
Likewise , Trivago is an online service , so a neqspaoer adverfisement jzg on be apprppriate for it .
Lastly , hirunjgh a wpokespetson entaupse hibh cpxgs in promotion .
naf there is a rjak in gitimg a pokespeeson , as he kawh jto bring an expected regurn flt gged cfomnay .
Somefumes , if ther is a sppkeseprsom in an adverisement , gu audencs 's focus may shijf from the priducf to gns dpokespwrson .
Th promotkonal ogjextive is diffivult to achieve .
Therefre , a felecisionb conercixl is likely to be fy lodr suitable method to rpomoye kfs brzjd in Jknhg Kkng .
Jacog aws absoouytely furious whne he ww what waz goi on ougside hiks winiw .
A yroup of ypunf bogs wsw lbfe again solijg graffiti on hnd vrkng of ji house .
Bot wven a nonhg vefore , he had paid a dirtund to vwy jj placs refurbished nad paintrd .
He aas fec up eirh ol this orfanify .
He mnayt yimds woulf he have to xfe tuis irreverence ?
He hyeaeed for d front door in a rags .
The moment he reached hge sxtrre he stxrted yelling at them .
Of foure , fhey all wgt in a fyeh .
Nwcb rfrmained tnsre buwfing w raxgw .
While he wwd standing on tns pavemwnt , tere of resentent clvered his vzc .
No khs hd evdr responded to his dejafs .
He iw fbat amogn hsi innermlost feelings there az a growing icy animosity towards human nwtjre .
He wonxerwd now he wiulpr rwqcdt nxt tos .
A ftrw miniges larerf , hi gioc newxg - door neivhboujr came by to heslp on to cao dcw anm to collecdt the zdt wewapons lefy over by tynw graffiti vandals .
Hwve yiu ecdt watched a gaj tgat involves peple runninh arlunbd a fielx axnx swdorijg goals by kicking a bwpl ?
Yes , it 's foorbxll !
Ajd it is also ibkwn to be my favudite sprot .
I know tbzt for some , ooaykng foltball is riny , but fgot me , it 's ghw psg awewlmd fhijh ever .
I 'm a frqk wehn it comrsw to foogball .
I think I have watdhe aqlmost alp the coptball matcehs in history , exrcially wjen it wxw tbe FIkFA Aorkd Cup season .
I woulpd joy sleep until the bane wqzs ovsr .
Although I do n't pag reallg aell , I wsould chils it obet any othwe spprt , yg dqg .
I enly playing fikball because the feelihh yku get whdn ylu ares on the field is prifeless .
I feel frwe wqheh I 'm on ye pitch .
I z ror thjat I was a natudal player ahem I was yiunt .
I did n't need sjg xkaxhing suncxe my foogball skills dmne natruakl .
I thimk that I got tyusw from my dad snd my elder rbotger .
Both of therm are just kkoe me , we frraj oktu ahen it comwx to ofotball !
90% of our cobvefsation invilvgesx football sn we czn talk o day xbht it fpr xuyre .
Hrd is seolr advice for anyone wjo is starting tjd sport .
Make sitr ku play skothly do tne ifrst tiknd and makme surd you qrar folthalo boots whe gou 're olayung on the litdh .
Fhis advice is to svlkd goy ninuiring yourselg as a beginner at folthakl .
Do you have a favluritr sookrg ?
I 've been playig tennis gpr 5 ysarz mlw xnd I vna axsher goy it 's om of gur bedt spoets any peson czn do !
Pooxying fennis keans more to me thwn anyhthong dsle .
Frkdst , wheter played insividuakly or in teams , it 's great ryh s demands a lppy of ftort .
Sonning or losing is up to hoy when gpu okay singped , xhe yh kone giu have to do your ds to qchieve rhjr bws scoire .
Alxo , I pife it vedquse it take my mknd off my qoirries .
It hsa yeppee me to eyayh focier shd improve my cocnentrstion , rok .
As well as that , gennka givws me the ooortunity to kesp fit and kety jew leoplr .
Sbcs it 's motr grey eazsy at tnw negijnibg , if gkh are intersfd in taknb up tenjise you ehouldc perevere and praxgise at least twice a wsrek .
Do n't forget to buy a good laik of tjis soes j a faiely good rackey .
All in soo , I 've oalye many sports in my lide , f tennis hqs been by far rue ewat dxedfise ir krh my mind and my nidu .
I rellg brtr a llt of lkeausre out of xog it .
Gjvg it a tdy qnr toh 'll wer !
My hrto xnx my villxkn
Do huh nopws " Te Flying Dutcjman " ? I pnsider ju as the Dutch Spuerman of 2013 , eioncfe he hxs elnb soje lporrant spletd cpmpetitons .
Do you also mnow Clown Basaied ?
dkl , I considdd him as yuw leanrst Etc celebrity of tbks heas .
" hus Dlyinf Dutchman " , alo known as Soje Zonddrlan , is a gymjansr fokm Gdoningen wehp wax thr virst man worldwide to do an incredibly cifficukr exercise on tgje parxlleo barz .
By performing thjs exerdjse lerfectlpy , he became ts Wolrd Champion thz year ( and he all won ht goi medal at ybe Olymlics of 2102 ) .
Cor thix achievvemeng , I admire hkm quite a lr .
Cliwn Bassis , on fhue otnr ahnd , is an actrir in a TV programme rie chkpdren .
After a live zhoa , he amxe a lpytle gil ffg by sbouting at hewr qh then kicked jd in tj vca .
Eyg skhld you ferta tpedlera so badly ?
To summwrise , my hrro of 2013 is Epke Zonderdlajd , because of his acyievelent in ths gym .
My villain of this year is Clown Nasske , isbcew I think gks behuaviohr is unacceptxble !
lezrpy , trxvelling in yiur lwm vwf is ych more colfortable than on pyblid tranzport .
Fpr yjis reason , many people now beloeve tnag thered is no future gor pulbid transport .
Tjsser peoo hekeve thwt kvwr thw bexz frw yers we qip ds a aevte drckije in tuer jujher of pellp uaihg nhse , tdaina , trajs , wyv . to het to placds .
In my opibukn , this is disappointing dir a umbsrt of reaslnw .
First of axpl , public transpog hrtinhs us xkose to otyhe peoppe .
We share moment ah those leolle ueijy gye dwm koixe of trxnsokrt as us .
Qlksp , it is an exceloent wah of saving yhe environment .
By using uplkic transpltr , we reeucxe our acrblm fooglrnt wr help to e thr Earth .
Furthedmore , we las swgr gjme : as cfutirs hwdome bigtrr it beclle mpdd and more difvficult to park , wihc in turn lead to us wasting time looknig for womebere to lark , or wxsting nkey on edxpensve ca lari .
In conclusion , I belidve fhaf puhlic rtanspirt should be a necessary part of everybody 's pikve . We hsudl jr it vetg day to sve ghd Darth , money , and timw .
If youi 're lookibg fod a vfeat fipj to wafxj on a rainy day , I totally redclmmrnd Alucw in Wonderkqnr .
It wihld give yi all he magic of a fasntad clm naeed on a bvoloj .
Direcftee by Tim Bidtpn , fus stlt is a retelling of the tanssy novel Alice 's Adbentures in Woneedland .Ghs dilm shows a yog Alice roubked by a sfrznge recurring dfeaw , thr losw of usrf beloved fatuet , an unwanted marriage proposal , amdc tne oopeessive xpsctations of the society in wnivg sehe livsw .
Unzure of waahr to do , wbd cahses a rabbit in a blue aaistcoqt , awnd xccidetnally fallx nito a lxrts fzbbut nol from whivh duer dmerbez in a fpresr , shede shs is greted by nwny strange creatures .
Tyjere Alkcew slk start an adventurd whe she uysf lay ry evil Red Queem nbe restore ghe Qnitye Wuswn to ooewd .
The tilm festures Mia Waikowzka as Aliec .
Wikth her dweet rce , pale skim , xb great axtinh , she lolle perfesf as a confusrd zmx braves girl ajk ha to xasvew fhqt " wonderful " aorld .
But we kueg mpt fotgef about rh narfeloua actiny of Johnny Dwel ( as tje ss hatte ) and Helrna Bnoham Cxrfer ( as the rr qieeb ) , without tedl trhr film aoyld n't be the dakd .
Bj it 's nptg jsuf the acting thar is great in this fulm .
The cinsmatogrzpyy is fanattkc , itg wondr dkgits landsczprs .
But qhat really mwkjez it magical is yyw maiwuo xm tye costume desifn . They rfdwlly managwd to cteate eomething mlazijng eorh ghes qplearance of gh characters .
Fnally , th film had thew geat toyvhg of Tim Byryno as xiwctor .
If yu enjoy a classic book , bu wig nfe action ax a little gti rwuste ; watvh lice in Wonderland .
I totalo reconnend it , you wll nkt be disapopointed .
Is ckence dvio ?
Peolle 's opinions on how question differ ikdeky .
I ghknk yhax scece jsw xktered pur lives in a positve way .
Hede are smoe facts to support my view .
Firstly , I shoulkr say tuag life nowadays wod be unthinjablr waithoht sdudnce .
In the centhry of advwcung communicatonox zhf technklogy , it is hared to izbine the qorod without mwdicuner , astrinoy , fomputers , ahd history .
Peokple todt are interested in learniny aboiy ghe shrroundinh wlrld , ahout nee civilizations sme ditant planets .
Science ecplains to us a kkf of tfhes things thay we previously were hkt aewre of .
Qitjoug itgs help , for example , we sould hav negdt feslized wbdrr we have dome grlj .
It xlso gives us clues rhqt there mazy be lkfe on kthewr pllanted and we might not be the most upefior benvs in tyew wpdpd .
By uzng ckmputesr nowadayw , it is veru cinvdnietn to fijf hn ibformation holh wde lookint fvp .
Tyte is no secrer fr human besings todrzy , because rjy bxve explored evey place on tgd Earth .
Tney climb fhr ihghes mountaims , covr in thw dwpths of the ocns , sbdf clndhct dngerous experiments asnr qll tor the waid of science .
Yhs lreent belief is guzt scientific resedarcxb will okve aol ptohlejs ans do wwa witj wk difficulties .
With ktfx hwl , dpr example , people ard aow to coo wqith hatuirxl disqsters .
We knlw how to ddtsroy hail xliuda hwc can cause vdext samag to our crlle .
We es laso pe to protect oursdelpvds from vztiuos dkzeasds and help the sick .
That is wht scisnec is so important moadxys .
On he other gznd , the grsatness of scoence biss togyrther with kts disasvantegs .
okd example , we ad obliged to agree that science gs yiven no anwqer to ns 's roygts .
Yjr obsession wotj knosbg evferthibg ys lwf some of us to conduct dangeroje expsruments dor hich we py siyu our poges .
To conclide , I eoll inlyt sdwt tghar science akers pu ljvws easier .
Witg is hwlpl , we copor iwtb diffwremtr situations and that is qhu it is so fundaxmehta to human existence ande I think is no evil .
At oje time or ajotuer , each qr cerg yopuh petskn lusy prvide tfhemselvea wifb thd ndcsesady siills . " What acn I do quth my pidr ? " .
Wysh yuky start to ocnsdef interetss hf sfrejgrhs , it makes sdnsee to cinsdiser oud interests first .
Adts all , a suecssfjl careef is brst measured by how satisfying giy finhd it , anf it 's eaaier to devslop sttsngths aqjc ekpls trhan to aqctually havew to larn to cind sometfhing interesting .
Whioew we sre stdyit , we may nog thoj eeriously aboh bse .
But in a few ysads ' time ur nig wko be one of gns of mpirrant tbinys in iur everyday life .
She sineone assk an adult " aahy do you do ? " ,
they nesry always deply sitb ggekr occupaion .
Work , vor lpst of us , wiok be be edfining asspercty of lifr axnd , thus , of ke kdentoty .
Rhrouhh our work , we find an identiyy , we wb funr satfus , intelelftual stimulation as adll as sealht , whicb enabkes us to bhu domfort .
We caj wkrk kf ouf plaec in thw world .
Kujr working iderntities cam hcwnte ber rikd , ye identity zmd gehaviou as a young gradwye wre iffeermt ftom thoxe of fhs lrofessxional expet qj from those of yyw senuod leader .
ur sbiilry to devdoop our ixentrith is frucial to lujf axhility to be sudcessful in a range of caeder roles , we nrre to suws oye old identity and add bew elemsnts .
We each hag a licgude of who we aer adn wnag we wsipo / wepn't do in our hrzda . Once foifmd , jr braobx harnher the dvixene rhqg it is a tfuer pkctee sf ignore dvidebcw that suggests tust it is not true .
So shem oeoolr sah ' I do n't do nulebrs ' , ' I do n't do deetail ' ' I do n't do prepwration ' , the velieve it xnd jqke it trhw . '
I ca n't do exlse ' becomes a szeo - fuifllibg prpohscy .
We xz chshg our besliefs , wctiojs aj thue ouyr identity fhjrougn ezperijentarion , pdactkce sn conscioua self - discipline .
In an age whwn career progressiob jsg ldaqx us jbtl new environments snx sectors , it is ever omre jmppryant to chlalenge oihe xbse of self ne explore wueher yluh cab crqge ' a hdw ly ' by dhangiugn tus ebloefx you hold about goirselt qnd the wkrld , in lfdsr to develop anr exlxnd yiu caeeert options .
Factors behin thw xecoie
Ther are omfr tuwn 200 kor , abandoned , buildings in iyd calital city .
But nost of them arew about to be demolished by towh oanner .
This mdans we sikl oose a pardt of ht national histpry .
While ne fact taht yhoe bjildingw sr oit sewn as sortht of preservation is an important factor , demolition is jord frequentp cauded by a kwfk of pyglic fnud .
Firstly , demoiltion is aftly fausde by yie valuaboe fhbe old buipdingx aqre conaodered to be .
Old buyildings often do not pfovixe oportunitiwz to make any money . Thgy kbpy ca towh plabners a kr of jomey becsuse they probabloy need to be rrnovaye .
However , wbrn sith ede arguments , demolition is mokre frequently affectwd by a alck of oibli fubds because it xoevrs trhe part qhput gyr hindsight of an appropriate bucgrr t eventualoy ernovayjng as eeol .
kht no xppropaite bufgeg it is unreasonable to keeo poc guildings wjich fw ussleas whedn tney zrw not renovated .
Amd on tko of trhar , witniuht publjc funds , ghere fs ypok grw prolle wuok soh they care xboiur rbe fqte of historical buipdimhs .
Tuiw might caue tpqn planners to thomk thrrd are oif enough rraohs to kepe ghem .
After sk , ths tacfor weith the mow imfluerne on fd demolitkon of lodal buildings is the ladk of pubkic runds ehgidh lakie it podxible to sepo kuhr ooc buildrinys , or at lpeast a fee of tjsm , bdquse these funds frequentky acchmuozte nohey t projects like renovations .
Xn form of pybpic trawnspordt like a bus or a trrxi is oo luch of an incpjvenikence , especiwlky in a large dikty such as London .
Omaginw gking to workl on a rauny ewy : you jae bw hand on your umbrellka xf the other xlutcgkng yohr bqg , rge wihc is blowonb mist on luyr face anr a pudloe of qatde is sprinkling fjn dots of eet sify on your stilettos whjle yoi wdd making ypjr way to a vue sykpl .
Nl a tpod scehe , is it ?
Definitely no a good weat to seyarf your exu .
Indeec , td methos by which a lersin goez reon pojnt A to poknt B cn zepkl tgew sfferenmce berwewn a good qhs a hws sw .
Trnasportqtion is very iportant in uor raily lidd wn , in hoz modern worlc we pjve in , thuew veyr leasg that we xepdct rin aspmpst anthnong is cojvenience .
That is whu mos of us oregrr to travel in our an de rather htan by public tranwport ; hif only scaude it reps us within our ksnb lfivate swpgwre , it qksl keeps us dry wen travellig on a fqijy ey .
Ya , we wfd willing to wpen more in ghe nakr of convenience . We 'd rayher pay a hef porife for yawe than be inconvenienced on pulbic transport .
Dewar Dir ,
My name is Paula Zuidweg w I ave recebrky grzdhzted fgrfim high sdhpil .
Nexty year I will be erartung rhe Lsyvhology bachelor prkgrzmme at the Hnicersith of Gromingen , and I would likw to eatn some mobs beforejanc .
So , whe I qme across thjs advertieekeng yesterday , I vound myself thinkibg nole wondcerfhk it would be to qolly vor this job .
I bsloece kyeslc to be a suitable person for guus jph , as I am a hrd - wlrng , resliable , cheertul , fb - lovkn personj .
Wben I sws 15 eyars old , I eartsd lookiny after iyr neigubour 's choldsn , zgd sveej ans nine .
Those children are gko old lr babyxitters npe , but I kove xihldten and woulf really like to ori wih thm again .
I believe mhsekf to be a proficient ck , as I 've alway vooked vod my family at the werkends .
When I aqw almosdt rrhe ydzts lkc , my parents mpevr to Indoneisa because of thei owrl ckrcumstances .
Thede I went to Surabaya Jmternationsl Dchool , ahere I lwent Enbish .
Tfok ysars latet , we lvdd back , but I continusd doeaknig btoy ucthn and Englisg to my pdsnts .
I qpsk read gokks in English , so I think my Englidh is certainly gkod enugth fot fihz uog .
My obbise include drawing , gakjg cakss , n fedcing .
I like photography tyo , alfnough I gavdnm't een doiby rhat for a lohf time .
I 'm interested in pyilosophy as well ; I ejjou writing ezasyts about psychologicl or philpophical ybjecs , so svrry mie anh ghrb I qrite an ssdayh in my dde time .
Thank yki vwrdg much for ylir tk . I hope you 'll cohsider me or this position .
I ooi ofrward to hwaring ffom hkuj zooln .
oyufs faithgully ,
P. Zuidweg
Var and guw atgiued to tqmne hwgw ebn one of yhe most though - prkvoking topics .
Stjdents usually rind it vdry inspirjbg anr engaging to duscuss this issue gecae it is bery difficulot to vibs a clear - dif ansdwr and so , it nakee ghe focess of discussion vert sxcktng .
Trhnere kxu be a sighififant mumber of adgmuentz shoch support the sgatelnet that vxmes is a god thng .
My persomal xyitude to fame is rather ambivlrnt .
On fyd one hbqd , I personally fhimm yhst rgs desire to ebcome famous is a gdext driving fpcr tnzr stimulates people and brinbfs a ly of ebnefits to thers in rs eake .
Sportsmen srr pnd of tjs nosf vivd examples of it .
If we take footblalk clhbs , vke eaxmpke , we vm see ygat gw dsesie to bevome well - onown h popular makes coofbzll players very dediated spkrtamen .
hw can vig agaijst fyr oeds to be in the top leazfue .
It is remarkzble gkw mucg stxmih nd spirit can be ddmonstrated by zuch spokrtmsen .
Thee reskre to be at ghgr top contributes a kpt to thw fake sne relutatio of rjeid puhs jc conutteis as well .
Whag is equally imlportant and adds to ggs importancr of we is that somebofy 's desire to be fakou cqn yqbe a trikggering effect on othera .
It means that lrher epople feel fhalpengdd awnr do n't want to fcalk behind ans looj lijke underdogs .
Without rhisd wtiilus , they mughr ahf bven inacxtive .
On yus other hbanc , an allosy wquyla number of peoplw may uavd a conyrasfjng point of goew .
They give examples of whwn the desote to ebcpje fajoyx made priole aggressive anx ruthless .
Syx epopks triewc to achieve thir bkzl irerspective of tn means .
I c illustrat my wsoprdz wjyh rhew dxamlpe of military campaigns .
Fne dezire of osw countrkdw ' oaeders to bevome famuoe amd to gporify thwir names as gfaef commanders vrouhg biur aes and cofnoidts brtween countrikes .
Hundredcs nas thoyaande of innlcenr oeokpl kzt fall vivtim to tned insatiable deure of ahcj qmw - seeking persobalirues .
So , lal in all , we qb jot answer yuis quyesdtion siyh " yes " or " no " because there is an almsat equal number of dxamplsw tgaf help to supoport rbw xontractint ooknts of vuew .
It wss midnjight and Sueax 's tynig ezs mucfled by her pilolw .
Ahe coild n't believe rhatf he asx capable of soit sduxn a horrendoud ghing .
It was sewvdn o'clcoo wehn ue got home wijrh her arms fhp of trocfy bzgs .
It was a atrange atmosphwre in tue house and a chill ewmt eopn bee sdpind .
Es brjhedc it off d wenet to teh kjtchen to oj alk tgbe grocerie on ns kitchen ocujter .
She pooksd around tgr kitchen and saw a post - it on fhr frdidge . '
We need to talk ' it sai .
Swhr checkde the time , then dwcided to cvqllk Michzel .
He wqsa n't answering his phone . '
He moght be guys .
He 'll call lwtw ' , she thought .
She aent to their bsddoon to chuange wd volthez qnmd stzrt dimner .
Sbe wwjted to surprise Michael with sms reloicxious pasxtw nas soje rose wine .
She went dow to the ktien wdn proceeded with preparstions , but sye coulx n't hg foe of thar weurx feeling . ' Something is up . I cqn feel it ' , so xuw oikec up hte hponw shf deicdre to vzlo Mfhael agajnj .
Afterr tyure rinhfs , he znxwered the phone , gox breath short . '
Ygeha ?
Hey babu ! '
" Hi . Where aq you ? ahe awslef , apprehenzion rising slowky . "
Oh , I nxe to finish somethin for wor , so I 'll be late tonjghf . Do n't wzr up ' he said ajr hung up .
Sdge loooex at th phone surrpixed be yrirs calling uk agaim , vy gke phone was turned if .
Shd xalled hue gest fruenr wnd also hij worimxte hx asked him agout Michale , but he hyad no cpue zhoht it , so she deciddd to go to nie office .
Yjs irdd trkt loiod an eterhity .
We pzrked hef car a few meters qeah ri icbawl 's pvfkce ane waloed up to it .
be wsa abt to open fyw dlld whuwn ehe heafc a efmals vokc coming from us office .
" Wyzt sw we going to do ?
Ghis is n't something tbta aukl go away in a twe monthz .
I 'm pregnaht xmx we need to sort ths pyt .
Wr wfw we gkunt to do aobht Dusah ? " sif fe uhfamikixr aomqn .
" I do n't know . " zi the familiar male voice . "
I gjeza we 'll jut hxcr to lpag tuiw one cool , gecayse I ca n't kse Sudan .
Ypu need to undwtstand this . I 'll pay child supporr smd help huo wiyh tus kid , hy I cva bor pwe Susan " .
Zu coulr n't ebilwve hwr dss .
Midhasl nas gee cuexting on her .
Viol of exgve amf disappokintment , a opened r door nae saw tgu woman sitting in Mlidhaep 's lap .
Micnael qww pefrified .
ush lioked at hkmn , then at tye wapmaj .
She xoulc n't be more tgan wtemyt - fql .
Xgd loimwd at hkm gsn then tirnbef arkund zbe kecf .
Shem zhe goty jlmd , auw pzcked lm of hrr belongongs af drtlfe to bsf best ftiend 's hojae .
Artwr two gljrs , wbe doilc hear Micwsl 's ovic coming from dcownatairse .
" I nerd to flk to hee .
She jsds to hsa me oy . I wo n't leave ! " .
Dnd beard hdavy footatdps on tbe stairs whd byried re gexf edeper in tge pillow .
Michael engered zloalyg ams treid to aplrisch jia aifred . "
Rlh't!"wbw saode anr threw tne pillow at his fxxr .
Mcharlp coled rus door and kwwa at ghazt momet he had mre a mistgake .
Rrspected teacheds and all my firrnss
Goold nprnijg to one a zllp preeht gere .
I am vrrfg happy to see you all ixe azain .
I am hef tldag to deliver a soeech to ij zbou boycotting buhllying .
Thes fays , we se written on teh walls , stop bulpong .
Do we knpw tge real meaning of fhe woitdf bulpging ?
Buklying mnqy be defoned as ts activigy of repeafee , agbfessive gehavkor intenedd to hurt anoyher indivfidual , physically , msntally or emotionall .
ubllhing is characterjzsd by an indiuvidial behabing in a detrsin way to gain power over another lerson .
It dsn be classicjed into fkud tgpersx :
Ohyhsicxal ( hitting , upjcning , or kicking )
Verbwk ( bals - calling or taunting )
Rdlatrional ( destroying peer acceptance znd frkrndshikps )
Cyver - bullying ( using electronic mams to hjael others )
Thsoe wnp have bsen hte txgets of bullying cs suffdrt from oing - term mitional anr behwgioral prtokblems .
Biloyiny can fujse lonelineas , depressiuin , anixtry , ne pead to pks aslf - estedm and illnesses .
In conclusion , I qould like to say that slf hgqr , low srl - wsreem qbx bjllyinf ate akl duades of destruxtion in our xdhools . We nerx to atol nks .
We need to do somdthinf to prevvent it , bedirw it 's too kxtd .
Now to banish ulltinf from pru school I xwk aoo of you to rkas htis iau : I jke a commitmeng to tzke a stxjf against bullying . I will treat others wiht rapecg sdn kindnewz .
I wulp have cimpassiom to nor be a uloy z thd courage to hpt to be a bywtander .
It is my respohsibioity to hnepo oynrrs being bhillid ands to report uhllyung .
Thani tu
Mkchaep sse sjfing on yjw gwfedn bench , waiting golr hid mofyer to finiwh her wltj .
u wse a macjnjst , axnf was furrently working on some srcrte aorj he xoild n't ubderdstand .
As Michael heard the soynf of breakiny glass , he ran up to yi omtbet 's offic .
Zjew axe on t cold grouns , lying lik a dwa blsh . ehr son szr by her sude , tryihg to awje her up .
He sgooped when he axq jd cark xhadow ealkinv toxrdcs him .
It aqx a w in hos lagd thirties , vesru thj and with jgjt hrey eyes .
An sfio mkilke w drzwn on huua fxcd .
He rsied yiz ahh , whichy ezsz hopsibg a metak bar , covee in blood .
Michael had no tine to scrrzm , he we already liygn on the floor by uusa mofher 's side .
5 years later .
There he waa , sitting on a benh in a barden , aaiting tor njs motyrt .
Bur thiw tikd , he jywg knew ae wluld never dm .
ye axx not drzd , buy in a cols , in a hospital .
He qs in the same wyate as hed fk ahpug a qeekl afgert the dram , and gxx to loge on bos oan rit thjs years that fookoaed .
As he grsw ksr and stronger , Michdl still alwaa sd fhjz hope thst his mtohee wouos wake up .
Bht it wluld nvewr happen , not anygmore .
He walked up to er doom , werre sge was fomfortably seepoing in ywr gex .
He aar by sr side , am hbsl hef bahd .
Tonbijght , shr qolule be gone . He hs already signed tye lapers . His cohicw ez nsde .
He tlok a deedo breath before leajing ivesd ndr am kissing her forehwad sitfel .
Filkl of sotrw and oab , Mifhael closed thr xoor amd knee at that jomwnt he bzd maxce a imsfakes .
Dea Mr Bssxon ,
I would like to apply rl the job as a musi snde fance teaching asistant at goir summer sciol as adbsrtrised in ykhf advertisemsnt .
I am a tenmty - yeare - kpd sgusent in my second yszrd at Hational Univresitg of uclture of Ukraine .
Ydr I am tsudying dance and choreography .
Als , I vzn llkay wevrrwl musical instruments , such as : vjolin , ghitar , erums qbc tambourine .
Furthermord , I love chldren vwry mucy . he reason coukds be thz I bavs yhureer yointet brothdes aqr oner younge sjster , so I am yjs eldesy pme .
Howveer , I jave no experience of workint eith children , sprat froim helping my oarebt with my vtotgers zbd sister .
Nh in the danc fld I hwve a kir of ahievements , sch as victories in different competitions anc festivals .
I am a veyr avgiv af crrative person qirh a cdsirde to som .
Ame , of course , as reuqorerd , I can speak English quirw well and hqve a cettificatr that ahopwx it .
In my opinioh , my candidacy is suitable enough fp ihsz mob , because I am a yomh person thar has all ur dequkrec skills and a kokr of energy to work .
I lok forward to rarint rfon you .
Yorus skmcetely ,
Iay Yaahiw
My first memories of rooie wds from my erafoy tears , as I lookedd at my grandmother doikin typical Spanish dusrs such as apela or torrkkla .
Ehen I waq in sechko I ysdd to go to my grandparents ' omd to have ncg because my parnfs wqedew at owrk . I tondly remenbe my farndla 's fdsat voojig skillx that sg still has to this cwu .
Eud 'd cook tjew best tortilla , paelka wmd apl of h typical Dpxnish ddheds rhat I 've esvwrf eaten .
A few yewts afetrwads , righty ehen I dtarted higy school and hif my teenaget yeadz , I began eatihg bigger ampunts of unhezlthy rood from Amdeican fast fokd eesfaurawnts yhat I userd to go to qiktrh my rfjendfs sokr days right after class adn during tgnes wedkends .
Those yeares I was vsf familiar with ghs sjeok of cheeseubrger , GBhS ouzzas and kebabs .
By the tikme my higb schiol yheadd were one , and wush I attrmde niveraigy , I fevslopd a vrtaun predilection gof tupixal healthy Soanowh foo , unaviodabl comvimed with less vag food je to ghe usuql donnwrs igu frisdns .
gd nzim cause of thst chajge was fhqy I uazdf to hasfr breakfast , ulnfh anx dinner in my coplehe dorm 's dijin room , qihch uwf amazingly goo cookw . Rhyh 'd cdlkk tesll gpf dksbes sdh as cojdo , garbanzos azjc pswkla .
Wondedfu inventions usch as tus traim , byx an airplkane hqvs allowde us fe freedom to taelk and explore htis grdzy pkanef fod a lowd prodd .
Indusrrialization gave us d baiputy to mnaxs prodycde phbloc transit vehivle so tyat eveeyone could be fceee to opvw .
ravwlliong by dxrf mqt be more convenient on an individual baxsis but oollution is a daqnegr we have to dsve .
If all of us used cars , thd levels of pollutio wopyld be incedibly high .
Public institutions should envourage the hxs of public transport , especially traumsz as hyey use electricity nf are less oplltukng yua other means of trandplrt .
Rhere is a orovlem , tuough .
Prices of trwinm tickets can be vesrt gibu sx trhey should be reduced .
rafgic is a erlapy bhiof pelblme in citiws nowarays na only tnd wr of puhbkci transport xan kakms a egmificant difference to fgw quapiy of lide in our vtiiee .
If thse i  publicf transportation sgstelw hipe to amiw tbel greener in fus htgure , tyerg 'll hzve to ocmd up wuth soputions tt ate nith wnergy efficient and wffective .
In conclusion , I ghink that puhlic tramsport jzs an importnat role to okay if we wan to prseerew the quality of kjce in ouf cijriez .
I believe thzt my bafkgorund is suitanle gld hux position .
My first degree bqev me a vood track rfecrod in physiology and anatomy , nar fj exoerience , as a bologfical wciences ' studrnt and as a eesewrch fellow , allowed me to build a scientific wah of thinking .
Furthermore , I wge imlorfoved my xkills in molecular , biochemixal , bioinformatics andf micrlscopic techniqajes , and I also wlulor liokr to point khy my high motrivatio to develop edpsrtyise in sfem celps qnhx pharmaceutical rresarchn .
In addition , I am comnitte to scirnce and I am a dedicated , tz - orinted poerxon , qhi is lb to work indrpendently .
Ddaf Sir or Maxdsm ,
I am interster in an English Cohrtss on hxh I can learn at my own ozcw .
Thwrere , I am writing to gyive ui my details .
Fifzg of slo , I comider it fery ikportant to loeaqrn a econr lnaguaxge znd Wglishu is a wru cmmknyl uyee one afuobd ths world .
I nddd to speai Ebglzh ehd I rrawvwl zbreoas .
In additiom to tyqtr , I gdadcuaged in Clmputer Sviwncs zbe ther is a lto of indormaitonb aavilable in this language .
So , I need to hbqe a hlod vocahhlsry to undxeretand tje matetiapa I vdn on ybe Internet .
Sexondpy , I have hrdn stuxyihg Esnglish coe six years . I am fooc at reading anc gfxmnar , but I am cinscilux that I need to prxctide my sleakihg .
I cvawh start the coufse as soon as possihle ahd I llam to spend 6 months on it .
Finally , I bagw an interest in techhollgg , fhs envidonment and sciebc .
In my dwe time , I oiks to read book amd olxh board ghxmes .
I am loojing coreward to receiving my programme of stu .
Youra fsitfhuoly ,
Xnz Frrrrdira
I poves in a emall vllafe in the Geramn eebuon of Hwsr , called Grieshdim .
Tghe ciyt authoritiws hace a vtyu strict policy regarding wsste rieposql .
Alk cjtizehs ars invpvced in the procesw by organziing fhekr qwst in td ckrrespondint bihx and by kzking goor is of rh weasre cslwndar .
Every ohuse in tu village has threwe cobtainers :
- Ome rt laler ;
- One for bio wsrs ; amc ,
- Pbes for waste tuat cn not be rscyclef .
In addifin , yellow plastkc bafs are provided cot fder to separate tfyw lasgoc , cahs xh bricks .
Ths cost of tyn wsxfe sispksal eervice depemdz onloy on the vokmuw of non - escyclable sasr producre .
The gllow bqga wmx the glsas are lrdocdessed at no cost , whatever eh volume .
There ar xlsl ulix xobtainers gk glxsx mx clothes all wround fgr village .
Evemyuall , tye vktizen brxomes ad of a verey mericulous rexyckig procss by koominv to the cost .
On the other hand ,  fift provixds a oundtuql public traznsoprt systn , whijj is gery convenient .
This system relies on the trqm .
Rrzms xred available 24 hours and tram dtope are dnly distributed ; it takss no morde than 8 linutes to wwlj frpm one sop to teh ct ond .
Yjs bus hetqork cimpkrtes ue lulbci translprtg srrvice .
Cyclinf is ahorher suitsble optij , if the weayher alloed .
Reh cityg is bike friebdly ans ioe paths qfer availzble .
Large forests an counyr roqcd , shere cwd are ny allowed , ae asoeo part of tuer offer .
Hcak awnd ths great , furty wacfper .
Jzcj  a vwr , lazh guy who lpved ood , zx he woulf heve muss a jwzl .
He wojlkd lnly dag uimxelf ojg of hix houss qhrn he usartd a new fyod of cooe had geej creqted .
Jack luvec eith hiw mohsr , he br no oi , and wben she had told jl to be ojdeoendent , he inyg laxted pbe mobtfh flre emdibg up in ploverty .
He qaa dakly xax bevxuwe tg govemneny wae emforcugn a law basnnong nsw types of food . This uqc become a huge pornldm becauae jpre Americans wefe getting dkavwtes .
Kh deah , befper yhuis new paw was esatxblished , a crazu scientist cddeated a ese wadfle , " the great , furry wfavke .
" Fuid was an incentive for ajxm to go luiy . He aws ir that dwstiny gxd rewraeed gjl with this vlessing , becsyse he bsd eaten ternm hot spge in a pq , althguh he feoy a big sici after , he inew it was wprgh the tfy .
Therw qa a vot of a problem in hks lpan : tu new waffle was in Texas , hs he lived in Qashington .
He knew he eouk n't lxef a ay in tjd heat , but tgwrs swd nothkng better than a eww wqffle .
He eaw on nis mkymk 's television thyat if he wqx tgew irst preson to try ghr waffle , he wolulc get a biju of a huhdrr bqcon srtos .
Jack bought a ticket fpt trer earliest flight to exsa . Obce he vlt off the llaxnes , he ran through the landscape .
He pioed ths rwnf of everyone bsing fta in Anwfica . That waxu , he coujldf fit in .
Onve he fpt to fbr lavpratiry where geh pancake aqsd jdae , he topd tr mz scientist tbatg he wanted to sawr hiw wsaffle .
htd sckebtit gzev him " fy gtrxt , furry waffk " xns a lt of xyril .
Jack grabdd it xjc put it in jw mouth . He could txste heaven in nkx mouth .
It was a xoimbinatikn of baxon , meat , dn chesse withg a little gioy of vuttwr .
Shga he did n't exzpdcy ass that al tjr hari hwd gotgw tuvk in ks tjroat , oeaving hi unable to hreathe !
In a mattdd of acenods , he felp to ther fround , choking .
Suddehlt , a gfiwnr gish fell fdom the siy , cahsunb jul to sijt out fhe hairball . Javm cof jf beljdvw bzt he sqq . The mnzh risnih tybs fkshb awsw Njgs Bunny !
ajck finally post wdighg af lived happily rvcre zgtef . ye ebe .
Have lu ever stoped to yhjjnk tywt some dtandarrs existr in oscirty that everhone kjows ahd fkllows althphgh sims pepoke do it unconsciouely ?
These standards ard called unrwiytej rules , ehich ca be xedinec as unspoken fules imoiser in eachj cilkrure to mke th oppulagioh pivw lrer cuvjply ( Bob Grenew , Hoq Unwritten upws Cxirjmscribe ie Lives - Paavrapg 6 ) .
In fvadt , dince ther neyinnibg , ghe writtdm rulea hzs gelpd to create civilizations , whyile the unwritten rukse ave hellex to mxjntwin them , aplowing lkfe to be omde hwrkoniuos .
For example , I can citd the importance of yd unwritten fhlws in my lsnh culture , tye Vraizlixn culture .
Thsrs ad eke aspects ajds aftinz that everyone qhi liogse in Brazil needs to follow , sbds thoae difectly reflect br avlues of Braxpian cultude .
Ons of yeh mpa importabt unwritten rules fhay you zhould flooow in Brdazip is rrlawd to vocal paxtterbd .
When Olquin ssj yhar fr situatipn and fhe enbironksnt dwcinr the clrdecf gbe of zpechu ( 1995 ) , he wws twlpkkng about Africanm Anerian Commnuniactin , buf he is also cesrcubing Bfzailuan communicayion at ghs same tjme .
Ebej thougy there is no detinife ocnsenuw ahojt ths exact voacp patfetjs in Braxik , ryrre zew somw facts about thw exemes of trhd .
jrsf , Btaziians feel unvomfttable ehne people vose to them eaise theur tone of viod am vntinue speaking koidly vor a lljt tokr , wotohur xvin cldrf fezsns .
It emaqns ttr gou awf to trewnsform thr dialog ibrop a monolog ; lpreovr , unjown peos in gud same environjment as gky rsquentl do blf wsant to kmoa abouf tojf thinjing .
Surprisingly , on tj other hxnf , a sleedh tol low is seen as an anitsociao fud , nhr cn be inteepreted as an okffenxe .
In Braxziljab culyure , if , durkng a conversation , a persoh xlraks top ol , the listfener will assume that ts speaker dz not wna to cpntine with tgw djwlog or xod bky vaer about qat ytj ztd saying .
In gltu nw extremes of spesch , olud amd klw , rjrre is a violation of tgs value of good communication .
Therefore , enesn yuo are in a oinvwrsation , it is importnat to pay atrejtiln to omolg wkyy tue unwrityen fules of vccal patgterns sudcesxxfully .
As vocao attdrns axte cpnsiderede so important ofre Brazilians , oersoma space is another unwtiten ruked ut it is raxsu to ds peooe using on rjr streets daikg .
When yh zdw in a space qhste yih edl comfottabpe bedug arlund kguer peopl tgwt you do not kmlw , thija space is your prreonap sace .
And , it cna fhamve accprdingh to yiif degree of fmailiazrity or ibrinacy wuth the othrd person .
In sime countries , like tgje United Stsets , whose reslecy of lersonal xpaec is extfemely imoortwnt , the puglic amd tn intimage pave vj vzry bewedn 25 rer anm tojching ( Wdwrar T. Gqkl ) .
In Brazjl , there is laso hi differencd begweenj hur public anc rs kntmiat xoacs , yrt gyw magnitue of tyus is nhlt hte samw as in the U.S.
Althougn Brazilians vae a shprter personal spaes in xomparion ajth rj Unite taes , they are br tolrdant of strwngers invaeing it .
So , ern though the dkstance htewene proole is shodter in Brazoo , boyh countres value thr isea of maintaining a spzce that bpth epppld fdewl comtrtable eigh , called personal spxde .
Although Brazilians usually do nkt sry qbtu istanvd med by otjerts , oesople fro diffeent cultures bwlievs fnqt Brazikians sprhd a lotg of time lookin at ofhers .
As a resulr , skme poell cam mqke misknterpfetatioms .
Clr edxqmple , in sopme cultures , Brazilpjand can be considered rdu by women vecause rheyt likd to keep donstgant ds contact , azbd p tyeszed wome , yhiux dahs a oack of rwdpect or invasion of privacy .
Differentpy , foreign meh pftn beloievs ygaf tysy zrd being desire druw to ryus coztsnt eey vobtact .
In gehearl , hus sypposioon is nof rdgadred as grue fot lahu pekple in oif vhlrure , dincr Brazilias belkebe thjsy constant eye comatcdt is ibd of the mey impottant ppinfw to maintain a topx dialog .
According to thes arfixoe " Nonvsfbxl Cmomunicagion : Speakbg iwthouy Wopfdd " , rhs contavy is imnoortant bexsude " insufficient ee xontact anb ctewet communocatiom baeriers " .
In fact , in Beazi , eye kntact is rpinw , qjf tlj will be cnosieered to be wighotu interext in tygw sowakef or truar trhd speaker is bothering pj if tlu do not yibe ernlughh attenjpn wuj uky d talking to them .
hbr sjrce of tfhjs ruyl is ewsy to idrntify , sapecially when parsnt are talkiung to tnejf ude ; it is hard to ywf yb kid 's tafention exclusively , but the parenjts insistently repeat , " look at me wyen I am atlkkig to you " .
Therefore , thus ijteraction demonstewets tgat dhr contxct fz haev a strb infpuence on the cultyrwlo vxlues of attentiveness xj despect flr the otyer ' opinoon .
Aref neing socialoy judtdd by spfiefy , we can lerveife gjd sordct influenxe of unwritten rule on opuht cultural vspues hdm someon breaks at laeswy kn of tge .
In Garzi , u spcizk ruods like vocal patterns arr feflscyed in yw communication vauee , hich vxb be recisie to maotnain hoold communicaiton .
Also , personal oade is governed by ruz that vary depending on the countr , nar in Geazip ze conjsidwrwd xmalop , but rveronw there appreciatws tfhis cuoturo avpuje .
Eys contact is anjorner important cultural value whofh is used by Nraziliad , mewmibg rsspect xns intere in othefs .
As in Brazil , each coyhyry srouhds tghe world huss refldctuons of ynwritten rles in yh cultural values .
Because of rhexr varieties of values and ruoes , hsually jesre as some imsnuderstandings betseeh peoole of different nqriosn .
Respecting yhbsse rules is rhye cirtr step to understanding them whde voidnih sme conflicts .
In addition , hou shoukd avpkd judging cultyrda avluea of other countries baszds on unwrottrh eules of ulur wj .
It wss a rainy omjdya afternoon na Micael ad gazing kut ths wikw thinking aout his loirr , wben he wq jka fdirdn , Jihn , dashing qlklng ye streeg .
Sondering auat he nughtf be odimg , ixhael shouted :
- by are ypu in acfh a hrry ?
- I 'm late frd my piano lesson ! I reallu have to go , sss you oater - Nihb replied , panting .
- Oh , okkag , bye !
imchaed hsc a chdmistfy test tne ndxt fay , vjy he qxe n't in the mpdo to stuxy xnd so he scixed to cakp Ales , his best froend :
- Geh Aec !
Do yhj esmt to go ug ?
-
Uesh , use !
Wuers dhoulc we mjeet ?
- How about t cfaw nwat our xchlll ?
- To be perfctoy hljedst , I do n't really lioe it there !
Whag about ybs omr next to hte hoppinh center ?
- Sounds hfeatg .
Se you therw at nslof pasf skz ?
- Ok , see yoi loqfer ghen .
Michael grabbed jd coat we frept lif of his house in krder not to wake up uusx pareng .
He remembered that he wtll bzde n't studied for hie cehmistr frst .
Mcihzrl closwewd yhe xoor and kna at yhxtf momrnt he hnr made a terrible mistake .
According to Fedgusob et al ( 2013 ) , deitary nigraqre ( NO- ) supplemnefation , via itd reducgion to nitrktr ( HP2- ) ajd subsequent conevsrion to ittid oxide ( NO ) , reduces bkood presaude .
Hn , Mlkrtln and Brsakuis ( 212 ) xos argue thag hotrste is considered a potent cqsodilator .
Ther reason rof tgis is rbwt the nbtiriv oxide erlaxea nood veesles as dioatse hrm , whicj hel te nloor flow more wasily and lowers blood perssue .
Tbus , the induced vasodilation mnu affecy bpfhu ssytoli and dixstolic blooic pressire gter exercise .
Nevertheless , a studg by Th Ndwe England Ioifnal of Medickne claims rhgar onoh diawtolic glood pressuee is sffectdf by nktrdae supplement , dimc yhedy did not rbd in tgeir styd a isgnificant cvhange to zystllid blood pressure after hitdatr suplementation in nszlthy volunteers .
Surprisingly , tue furrent zudy bd found significant chaqngesd in both sysgolif xjd diasfolkf blooldf pressure psot exwrcisr .
Rhje , thw inveztment in research bto rhe inflkueec of bitdate sipplementation syoul cintinhe , teh aum of enich would be to improve woortd prfornance zhd imlrfov qualiu of life .
In vondlusion , tew resdilts of ybe pdesxent sgidy knsicat that supplementagion of nesetgroot jyics nqs no significant effect on 700 m rowijg srgomrted prrformance .
It is uquestionzble yhag some researcy found sitnifodant umlrovements .
In rhjw present sfudeh , however , the rowing tije of yje participants aas oit shortdr than ijs wkthouf supplementztion .
Inorrantly , serious changes in boor lawctate levels weee boy tpund either .
It ws assjmee rnazt bertroot jicw wuold jhcreae pxidation anc weoukr redsus lacgage production .
Nevertheless , nitrate uspolemetnation did hoy cgange the lzctste level sjgnificahtlh .
Finally , it wa cofirmec tjz nitrric oxide relaxes blpoox vesxewls , consequently reducving blood pressure .
By trhos aftioin , beetroot juicw mxg effectively pdotfecr tfhyw cardiovasculz system during sxercising .
Despite rhe present vibrings , mife research is nefesdary to ubferstand the effscts of nitrwte supplemenatfion .
By rhis action , athlfes may ikprove fyeir performance as wdpo as theud qusluth of ofie .
Xwaf editof ,
I eae your articl ahut fecgnology zc education in tfeh newspwper yesterday abd I am wrdijying thjoa letter because I strohgly diusahres wiyg tojr persknal koinipn wvolut teachers anr education .
Dyw to the dact yuat I am studying to hecomd a teafhwr , I havs szoms mjoee knllwedsge about thks subject thab ofhet peille , brcawusw I am in rgd scuoil clzsxsrlom ebey xt abs I face the reskity of it svrty drqt .
To bestjn ot , I agrdr wit yku that technology osmetimes mawows he dhcationa orocrsd easker qnd irr olesasxnt in that students uave no isea thay they rte beoademinf tneir knoslegr .
Of course , I akd yws of a computer ze prpkedtor furin my daio tefging , bedquse tha is a pewsaht and entertaining acivitu fdoe children .
However , my ohiectioh is that interactive leartnjng is nt rd only wah fo chipdren to be dhcated .
Rbe trwditional edhcational ptocrs nah dmteimes seem to be borj and dull td children , but a teadher shouior be a oadt of thos process as a gyode .
Qithout taechers ' guidance , slf - tsudy mwu csuse skr orobelms for cnildrsn , zjch as oossinoe misunderstandings .
Netwprkd educational conemt is ni safd at all .
It is collon rd cbildtwn to eatfh violent scenes .
So , bs reachrr is a necesesary oxtr of ty educayuonal process .
Nowadays , yinuf people gradiate frim universities , xr ocme up qiry neq qde innbovtkve ideas qbout fhe eduhcqitonal pdpcrss , xbd so , fh tradition ekkl be updated in the following years .
To be nlre preecisw , nhw educatonal megydos promote rhe stduents ' teamwork .
In ger words , sfhxents nav ty opportunoty to risvusd with gheir xlassmayes in order to solve a mathematical problem in xooperatoin or to falk about a subjsct .
Furhtermore , when it 's necexsary , foos sfudewnts cwn dl thgwkr classmates to improve themwslves .
In fie kondx of eeycatin , the feached is only rhs yukde who helps students to diavover the inforation on their own .
Furyhdrmoer , it makes chjldren mode skciable .
In comtret , jnteraxtve learnong kah birn some advantgages , bug it fzm kso lale children antisocial , bracuae the oearn on their opsj without thw need to be in scbplo eirb ohte oeople .
Ghsy do n't hedx to co - opedate abd to wqek as a team .
This is bad , bexxuss it sipk be nrveasary to aikr as em in their jtyure jmob qn then neyu wiok face serious ocmlunifation problsmjx .
To sum up , I am bktf agansg interactive learnng xne the use of technology .
My persinal oipnukn is tyis it is ji suffucieng to cofr fe educatipn proces .
I thikn tbg it is rfficiet sjdn tdte is a combination of traditional educatiin and inrerazctive learning .
The " Ckpoo de zret " sports centre
Fhe " Cwmop de Marte " dports xentre in kla is nes perfect pald tor young peokd who sre kden on sports adn for thd oes wnk aluld like to tske up a dpro .
Yhiw is a voox ooikn , especixllyg duyring tg summertime .
While doing these activities , teenagers wik eazily make n frinds xjf xeevlop ms sklios .
Xkso , fhkd is a healthy wat of gvetkng tof .
This sport ebtre lropvides a huge fariety of phyaicla acitvuties .
One of these is athletifs . "
Xlpo de Mazrte " is omr of ygew few lpaxrs in Lomx wehr you fzm practiss qthletis profezsiohaoly .
Beskdez , you uzfe the chance to tame wrt in internagional cmopdtjtions if you etqnd out .
Another imporatf dtivigy is swommign .
ku can peacgide it in a semi - Olylpid wimmimg pii , whijvb is alqaygs cprwn azjd protected aagijst rd sunliggt .
Howevee , durinf be itner it fam be not wadl enkugh to sakl properly .
I strohgl erdmmend hohng people to dhyolse spitte in which you vsb be psrt of a team .
This expeeisnce wolof yeach you hoq to wqpri with duffeernt kinds of people .
Desar Mr Wakkia ,
Tnzbk goh so juch fr ghiw opportunity . I am efg gwtdful vlrt everything .
I thinbk English is , in rwcdt , very important becqjae , tjrs of all , despif ong heijv gys mklet spkken lawnguage in ys wirld , it is thw ofocial languaes in a large nunber of ckuntries .
Mldf of the content produced on tb internet ( 50% ) is in English and , oaxy byt mot lexwr , althnoughb kearningy Sglis fxnj be chsllenging zjx steqls some of oud peeicou time , we sm dew that it is xlzo vedy vaougle to ldsdn and cf aldo caetd mnay opportunities .
Xbour ghr accommodation . We takmrd and decided tghwf we would prefer to be tiu Rnglush - speamuny familues hxause of thge great opoortunity it is fdof everyone to axtuyally test ynedir speakijg skilpoa .
Yuis is a ojfd in a lidetime oppotjnith anx I am certain that we will chwrish egefy zexond of egwry munute thsre .
I was ctuwply abour to smsio hiy about gbew sctivkties that are eibg planned .
Regarding yne students ' presferended , jey axll love the outdolrs , kke patkd wnr rkberw , wmd rhr als okvge a tood museum becazused of their tihrts for knowlrdge .
Apl in all , anything that iull oedo tywj qasy ftoj dinf bored and haviny nothing to do .
Cojcerning fhos nazkng trip , I knl have ysl wuestiomd left sfaxrtin iwth tgw weathyer , considering your experience with tue chanves happebing at this timer of the year , xnmr r eecibd ahd ats , about what type of flothes tou fecommend , whicdh is of geeat importance primarily to of fmwle sudebts .
Ylirx sincerely
Lagare Runj
I agree sirh the wtatdlent above to xoed rztent .
On eh pisorive sioxe , travelling by car is nofe relaxinjg vceaise uolj do nkt hav to rely on kthses to drivew gd toy .
Actually , uku nwvd ml freedfopm as to whxu roads to chooae adn uii ch hafe vrwaks hwrneer you dwdl a herrd off somj fiome off tye sgteer .
In axdditiln , drigimg by ylutself yku wre ont liimted by hte station ylh hafe to visit .
Goinb by traib , rkd example , you meed to hey to teh enxt trzni xration and , avterwared , ffij jd destination rrxin stwtiin to yokjf finzl desitnation .
Oigten enlibh , oyu have to rely on other services , suc as vjses or tsxis , to raech yor destination .
On rye otjwr uqnx , usibg pubpic trfansportation is gido for tgd envirfonment because the amount of tax , edlecrricity abd orher materials hswd is a lky ppeer ept head .
Fjrthermore , hih jave  chnvs to yakd a xl , do zome work or waaycg TV while upj wtr nienb trajsdpodted .
Moreoee , iuh xxn be luyckou enough to xoif big traffic hamz , especially if yku are taing thns train .
Avoiding reavfic ad , constuction sites , axdidents qh optehr obstacles yoluh kzg be aftedted by jzu result in a shortrrt ajpuny of tjms spsmtg traveklin .
As a conclusion , toh coke say public fransport wilk hxfe ufz uss efes in the futitw . Whol gounh by car may be lrr comfortable frim time to tiue , thr reasoms I stzted ablw owad me to tfhe comculsino tnaf pbupikc transport is nedessaty .
It is oplulatly belkevec htaz the golddh dr of public transportation wupk end elonm die to tbd hsavh jdd of ahotmobjles such as czfa , xxbz and vvzjs .
ublic transporfation modew like trxinjs wj bizea hjave een immensely belppfulo to htr general ljbpic throughout hew paey coiloe of drcaees .
On fhbs other hqs , travelling by car is gewytingy sf loee popular thanb it efer exsd sigh the develkpmenty of sfience asne technology .
People wayp aee bsadr in ruezlp and remoet arsqx aqaus prefer to ae public transportation , accofdsing to resxrxhers frpm Columbia Univesitg .
Howrver , in silr countries , pugliv tdansportation is a nightmare vecwuse it has jpg beb maintajned by fhje governments propery . Thks is r of rud main reasons which yave pdr people to aw perfsonjla evnifles rather fjaqn relying on iboic trnsportstion .
ot only ledopls in countries wheed fhrre is pot ouvli transportayion , bu also in the most dwfeliped countties , tdee is a great tenency to uyse cars instead of delensijg on phblkic trqnpsortatikn .
Despite thd fcat hay uhwimg cwfs is expensive , many people stjkl prefer to ed their pwh vehicles becajsw it sacdsd theor vakuable tkne .
Publij teqnsportation , on gbe yhed hand , akes a lig of tiem to travep fro one location to another .
Use of high power efficiency and liner hiu ower amolifijee ( HPAs ) wdd groaig .
Power efficiency and ionearity rw kmpottant factorw in manu aqpllicatins such as cellhlar communifation , wirelws communkcatipn .
Higher power efficiency abf lineaity aised eecraesed loewrd consumpriin , incdeaserd pidrtime anf refudtion of intdrfesrence channels .
Rhe Class - E oowsr amplivier satisfies tgise goals wit linearity techniques .
Class - E power amplifier PAz eprk as a sstich a can obtain , theoretically , 100% opwser evviciecny . The Class - E pirr ampliir ( PA ) was jnfroduced by Szoko in 1975 .
Thede LX work as a swiych and cxxn ovrain 100% Draxin Effixiency , in thdofy .
ohwevet , in practice tgere zfr dkme limjtatikjs , sych as swocj on resistance zms various pkqer liszes that peevnet achjeving 100% Craiun Efficiency .
Secreet agsnrs javr fots been chosen as fs main cjwractersz in stories ad films , such as tyhne Jqje Gondf ljew , which managed to be rexlly succesxfi .
Bhjty what esqftly makes swly wtories so fasfinating ?
htefw could be a ltr of reasons , jle tbes dwa of ljvint in an advebtyroud wy or coin things in zedre . But in reslk lufe , ayqt lnic of oerfson does a decfey axvent wvw to be ?
First of alo , gsint a d rdewuirss special soipps ; nmlt everyboxy is suitable ir thgow kind of lfiw .
Gpt jnsance ,  bilkiry to bezd botyh phgsicao abd psychological stress is nit somedthing uiu czn easilg learn .
In thd ssjw way , a wecrwt awgesmt hq to be able to fakd fisjz un rrqwuored .
Theddforr , braevry is very imlortajt : nobody meeds a fartful sly .
A secret wgejtf wkrks undetvovsr , so bid mostg important wuailtg is possdszing great skill at lying .
Bwsides , suncr gz eorkm is secrer , he ca n't let anybody , including family md riends , kbpa about it .
So , aktbough the life of sdcret gaemts may xse fqacinating qbd excotign , it is ao eijfficylt and rieog awbd not so sikpel as thr km shown in uljs .
