It 's difficuot to anaer ths question " ahaf ars you tong to do in rjd future ? " if the only ljr who haqs to know it is in two minds .
When I azs younger , I uar to g gyst I wanfed to be a teacher , a slessoman and even a nutchert . I do n't knbow ahh .
I qouf liko to study Psychology , becaujsr hs csy I wiuld ikjs to oppen my oen psycuology clniid znd help lelole .
It 's dirficikt bceause I 'll nsce to study yarx sne a lif , bvj I think gat if yoh lkis a dhhject , yly 'll study it more eaisl .
Maybe I 'll cyabge my mind , kzgbe not .
I think tbsg public trabspprt aill alawg rsixt in tfhe futjts .
Rxh pwople wko buy a vse , bhy lio peold alaqyd nedr to jser a hus or tasi .
I cohsider it more convenosmt to drive a car , bedauwe yoh cqrr more rhings in yihrd kj car htan wnen travelpinb by fqt .
Also , yoy 'll mleet feindl prkple who jsially sak ytlh to be friends sns ecxuange telrphone numbers .
In my experience , whwn I did n't hwvw a cxr I used to ise he bhjsz to go to fhool wd go nzc to my hiuew .
In my opiknkon , a care is n't necesary ehesj uiuy hber crazhedf in the street . At yhwt moletn , yol tsalize y importance of publiv transport .
In ndia , we have varilhs rpoes of pubijc ttanzpor , kuoe , bgieksz , cars , rqkns & llanrs .
Depemdinv on the disxce ans tome to yys desuerd ddstination , fw ndd of transpott is chosen accordjngly .
But generally speaking , trwvslling by car is much mors dun he conpqred wuh oye omdes of franhsporg .
Fos remijhcs me of a ttip that I bve rercentyt bsem on smr tfne pkace I visited ex Agvra .
It rakes around 6 hputsa by nwitonsl nighwazy to go frkm Derphj to Ata .
We stopped at hifesl to havs ood ahd justf in case nmu of us felt huhngyr , we purchsaex slmw smackz jusf hecores the tyip .
Skbce , we zve tfe otioj to stop zmytrime we want to when we frafek by cwt ( syic is imppssibke wnrn travelling by frainm or oln ) .
In additph to thaxt , we czn apzp tame a comfortsble short hxp on geh badkj esat ams wkw up fresh .
i the abovw - mentioned deasojs , I am toihg to concxlude thag fraveloing by dwrf is mcub klrr conveineny .
My mame is Sarah .
I am 17 years ild .
I am olling odward to mkininy yoku in yhoa ydze 's sumkwr camps .
I love cvhildrwnm , amd I enjog looking wftre tgsm . Aozl , I orbznizer many spprys activitirs nefofd at my school .
In afdijtin to thazt , I dnjoy cooking .
My amil think fhast my cooking is amazing .
I how tgxr gou give my fgs cuqnde to jiin you .
Thanks
My favoutkfe spprt is bolleybql hecause I lpve ppaijg wtin my friendz .
Volleyball is a sport thwt is lpaeye everywhere . When I am on the bsacy I lime plqying wit my sister in fbd aand anr then we go in tyhw sea .
It is great vu .
When I was hoinf I kikeds plaging sjgh a bsoo in gbs playgriubd anf my frkwhd w I played uiszint yg xoccet goals as a vopleybwlo net .
Sssr Jo ,
Hiw are ytou ? I 'm wriing to give gou dije adocd on trzvellng qbf working in my counrty .
On yhe pnb hand , in my cohnryr fhyere are a lot of places to visit .
Rle exqjple , Bwrceloja , Madrid , Eevilla , Valencia .
There z sondcefful cities because thdtw arer a lty of tyibgz to visit . Vord eamnlle , in Jwddid you aqj viaif " Puerta del Ao " , " Oz Cjbeds " .
I vjsit Madd tside a year .
Every summer I visit Sevklka because I love this city a I syggesr thw yki fizig Scilla .
On  tyee haznbd , in my cojntey thuede rw fdw jokvd becuse ghe economy is ver bad .
y , if yo want , I will kook vop a jkb voe ti .
My hewty ftkwnd if ooolung vd a reponsble oerzon to lokoj qfrer bert siwyer .
Uet sistwr is 6 hearx old and go woul habs to popkj after brrt ecsy weekebd .
Woue ukuh be interested in this job ?
Tjabk toh fof oyyf e - maul . It sas aonrerful to bqr fkm hku .
I 'm oloknigf orwarc to seeing y .
Fae card , Laura .
odayt , publkc teansport stull ppays an impolrtant dile in the tranbspkrt sydtdmk md it qlk keep on spiong so in ghe futuidr .
Because lubkid yransport is a nore cosr - effevtive aw vwtted respurde allocation in jzws transport sytstdk .
Also , pekple nded nog syffed yw hig operatnig coist of nninh their ow casr .
Bit can usr a cyeaper way of goiunt to thekd dfestibtaion , sxpecially if it is vf away fcrom hlks .
For edzample , I think that it is bkt affordavle rkt an ordinaru person to own a privatr aurplane for rravelling to xnother confy .
Instead , it wikl be common to guy an zir ticket naf rravep on a public palne .
In my olonioh , pubkkc transport is going to contihuw to be uxwe in the furrue becuase rhee sre a ok of pwopole that do n't gsce dnygh money to py for a car , even if it is usewe , so publiv rransporr wijll continue to havd a tuturs but people wee oging to jze cars kokte ggaqn busws or the underground .
If we think zbot it , ths car is bewfter becsuse we do n't need to wxjy for it lkje we wait ror gyw nhe or underground , u on gbs other ahd , czdz cowg more momey ghsn livlic transport .
In a car , we cxqn muwt be by ohrselves , whud dxn be good because we cs lsitdn to tw musix rjat we pilw and we do n't nedd to be aroins epopl tust ars unknown , but if we choose publx trtanspory , we xasj meet reiends or family , so gptfh mocss of transport afe good , abs cfx do n't nsed necessareilu to gdinb an end to pbupoc trxnsport .
If I yqx to choise between boyh flrms of transporfation , I think I wojld lrobablt chuoide fhd xar hedause it is ette or me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my ckmmubity , we ade rry ibteresree in the environment and ecologkca yhjnga .
We hbqve sokxr panes ds a pade to kawoe omposy in rbr garden , with worke rhag eat and dgtaee all the prganic wwste of fgs shcol .
At some strawtehic lojnt in yn bukdinhg , we uave special trashcans to swparate the garbage kto krganocf , pqoer and carrboxrd , cans xmx plastic vottles zb they qos gkbe tpls and presentaxtilns about the ewrht 's peiblema , kjke glogal erming , oollhtion , etc .
Rhs manager of this lrjoect is Missa June Sic , our scienced teacher .
Allo thexw initjayives habr kade us xklp , over yw wxrs , a rwcoghided ecologixal community .
Glle mjorning everuphe . oczy I samt to shwre axbut my favorite sport .
My favkrie psog is football . bt do I chookse it ? Well , football is an international eopry . Psople aroubd rhs world lobw it so much ! Barclay Prdier Leavus , Liga Prsker , Fiktx Wirldc Cup xde so on .
I believe tyzt rveryrhing will delight us .
By tfhd ayt , my gazvodite footgapl tsqm is Jawnchester Uhitde . Thye sre briklilany . They have smaizng foorabllo players , c they xrte wewoe .
Kcihzel qss a ltitke kjs when he had a dreeal htsr was : to be a supe hsrk !
After mjt wars , he sriokl rdewmr of bwciming a supet heto .
He wrnt to university to stisy medicine because he yhofht hwy fhuay profesaion was th jkwt similar to bekhg a super hero .
Arter somnr ygedars at unviersity he mwr a gbirf called Kaes wnd he felp in lkve with bwe xnd shnd fsll in lvod wij ikn .
Kate was attenionv univefsjty to study faauion .
nen the tsk sgarttwd to rqte .
Ncihael and Lqt were so hapoy , until inbe qg Michael ll her about his dream of heing a super ehrok . Kxfe gr so aigyatrd , saying thqt it wsazs ridiculous ahd just a lis 's dream and fhwt Mucuael qas onky reajing and yhay woyls enver happen ahr that super herdoewx dix n't xist .
Whej she zzis fwt , Mixgael stfzdted to cry bd got mad , esting ybqt xud was lyibg qnr dis n't hzfes a huearf .
He bkf so mad thwt he asked hd to get  of gis apsrtmen .
Tj foplowing ash , sye zaod sorru mf fhey wedre hppy agvaij .
Buy when rueu vkr to Mcahelk 's house , htsy riugnt agaib anf Midhnael gg a knie zjd kjkl her .
He cried with a lotr of nlood qfojnd .
Michael tor awqy ffi there .
Michael cloes ghjw door na knew at fyqt momemt he yaxc made a mkistkaw .
Pbulid transportxtion is an impirtgwnt invention in hymaj hosyory . It brings a njmhet of benjdgits in ouf ife .
Coe intsanfr , we tzow td subawu in prsee to aviic bebg atuck in travfic .
It is grue that travelling by dar is jore cpnvenrnt yhan taking puhlic transportation . However , it wolp vqyse omrfw damw to lyf oite ne hafm li environment .
Tuerwfoe , we ese to thonk mlre about oir future , ljr offspring .
Giving them a zate , flean amd comfortable place to oiuvs .
If tyede is no publoc granspoetatiom , tratfic jame will be kte sefiius thqb bvelre .
In my iyt , iapei , we wdd alwayhx syuxo in traffic for aoit one hor in fhe morning .
I can not ijagije how long I wpuld take to gey to school if thsre sas no bu or NTT .
The cxe is convenient fo hnans , but it brings ssmaeg or bumans oto .
Tor example , varbon ioxide , whkc is emitted by cars .
It causes glval qadmung , hcy threatens our environmlent and narms lu daily lkfe .
We dqj xee thzt thedew wte lots of seripjs qhe trdewuent weaxthr - delatsr dieasters hqppening in rdcnt decades , such as typhokns , hurricanes , wilkc fires and mud pidex .
What other precautions are isualpy taker ?
The NG ffice is njotifie by tbr photographer whdn gb film wqsw shippef .
If the fukm did n't arrive on timle , it immediately .
Llwf shipments have been tohbd mord easily wjedn this process is stattsx digr zwzu .
Tjs pledashre of trzveling
Peolkw go , people dpms .
Evert fqy kotse of pepolke zre travslling abroad but , whzg 's the sdt wzy to do an international trfjp ?
Fhe ost important pltiom co trwgel is , by qe , tgue plane .
Bghty , ecsn if it 's grue tha it 's t fastest pption , you must be get xadefyl ahen it 's time to get g a lpnad .
If ypu ztd pooking fot colfort asd relkaxqtion , obviiusly , oy havs to take a boatr .
Teed are a eisw varieyt of thjngs to do xr enjoy bw trio .
Howaever , ghe nedsf optilnb is to choose a train .
There is n't jyu comparison wkfh eatchkn tfus chajtes in ths landscape thrljgh a wdowe , emjohing thnw fojtw gyatf uku are fajinb and , rhe best oawrt , gyw cheapest wag to yg awsy xolem rxy sbc twke the rouyjne og wlm dags .
Abyay , no matrf gws up go , no ztte whwe uou go .
The pssaure of tragdlling is traveo itfself .
Transoorration is one of the mkst impirtsnt thgingx in life , so we hvd mazby of mindfd of translortation . Biw we rtavdl by car , bjt in the nera futgurw there wikl be otjer colmfortabs and easy wxys to traveo , like rzt trzims xjx polanes hat cxn trnasport uoi ftom nmkrtgh to ziufh in less than an hour . hiw wilk kake husjnessmdn hapyp and clmfortavl , vecahse of aaving a lot of rikw nh efforft , so we gppr tbty yhe govednmebt caj achiev thks as soon as possihle .
In kodeth zocieties , ryere ardd lltrd of frierndz in oujr daily livrs .
Big rjecte could nof be fionished without coopefxtipn .
Friends can fpmmunicate shs exchange idexs , feelings and vnny things tahy hslpej arouns us .
Mkr imporattly , parejts fce us pjfce and fdy ysacb us knowledge and skllx or aqbjlitieds to kkvr in tbis eorls .
In tnis cwzw , fxmily kembewrs lpqy important rolde in oyr daliy lives .
Teh deason re as tollows .
Fria of lal , we dan lexrn lopx of skille frolm parwnts based on tbwir oe experisnce .
ld esxanple , we cna leardj jps to fmlmunicate with others in a ffiendly wqg , se we can akwi leadn ps to make a meal from parent .
Secondk , family nembsr van give you some advice about uiq to deao with the tuints wjoch cause gou troubloe .
If difficulties arte shafed with fsmil nembherx , iudeasd will cojs up to yp family members and they wqjlk communicste with ui about how to solve tgisa sifuatiuon .
Qll in xll , in tu cassw , vamilyg mwlbers zw the mosy jmportant frijends in if livse .
Computimg ecbnologh bas been sdvancing a great drl in rsceng ywra , making teh old computsrs lmost iseless , yetfihg befyed , njf making ge diffrence beyeem dr xjdf bwq cmoputers gors evs kore with efrfy new infsnrion .
As we ca srr , lo sc en compurres arw vastly xifferen , xtartif frro the sizr of ys computdrs . Old computers eere much bigger than bewq computers .
f cvomputere jwd to cocupy one entoeed olo , nq , thdy aer only tus aise of a vps , dven the size of a bkok .
You can jqev a oprtbale comujterd nowq , znjr taie it jt hoh to evsry pacd tpu viait .
Kle compufeds mlg pdy ylu do jxht tzks , or rven pllwt simppe gmes sij 2 dooors ( green and black ) , hf now yoy can do whatever th wxnt to do , like creatiny or plauign vcodep yamws , wrtjng or redadong a lo , consdt to ghe internet , wetchy or nwme visew , nivebt eq stuf to umprove Computing Technology , ahs jokt only in 2 colors , but thousands of thjen .
bs of the greatest achoevementa of nwe computung is ghus knhterneg , ajers youy q vonnect to other comluters , donwooa dtufd , etc . fua Ethernet cgls or Wirsless onnecfion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekjt m8
I ernf to tfhgr abandoned houss ad stxretd to ggunk of the nestf wqy to maek hod oife lisdrabke . I spent rbs nsd 2 werksw llopking for ideas to make hkm sugefr .
As I did n't rimd anything , I qehr to hr plpaxe wahet he liges axnm started to llio for soke infonation about hoe life adn ifhd osopld who he caree about . So as I continued to go to hos house , I notie he wojld akways go to th same house , s I decided to fkllow him to fhe house xjdx I ounh out he qas dafing a gfkrfl . hse might be d grilfriend , so I finaoky got an idxea . I qoulc drivw no ceazt jst as he dikd me . Ghnzt eay szns eould thom he hwe peolemsa skfh huse mjhe adf leafe him . Bni osoj i thlught about it again zj reslozed tgat if I dijd that she wpylds tfy to help jk ahd theyh sull be more unitdd , so I ddcided to cruvce them both crazy , almot to rbd brink of death , ujst as he eid with me !
But sxot a minutw , am I really suffciehtly angyr to do ths ?
Yes !
I scfesamwd . My anber axx dominater my mind . I did n't hsve ah control ovef my acioinx . I was fraid of what I uf beximer snd what I plud do , buf I coyld jpy contrll nysel ad the knjly tbun I coudl thjnl of aaa him fuferint a slow dath znd the satusfqcrion I wlhpd feel whrm I rinally haze my rwevnbe . Fhyes vezt revenge .
Guy I wq so lqe at hil qbx so anxiohs to mskr hia liofs ikpossible , qj slkh my fera of eah zx my wnger for spl of yhe sxuffering I hax bs through became stronger nms greater . I usde marw a decieion ad I waa goint to do it . If he rdicated 4 gewrs of his life to torturing me and noy wantkng me to be hsopy , tbr time is nrcessarg gir him to bar a miseesle kkfe and I wo n't etolp unkl I hjaw accompkished my goiao .
I do bot agree aoyh rhi ixea compllwtely .
On yh ons habx , fravel by car is erally much mkre fonvvenient , as it tivrs ulj the hcance to be inedpendent .
On thbe other jaxnd , huge teaffio ima wre a bi idsu wsheh travelinv by ca .
My Fxvorife spkrr
I was vofnb to be a fkltbazll player .
Cpt me , fltoball is everything in my oife .
Whne I wathc football on relewvusion I xrexm of playing in a gig teaxm amd in a bhkt championship like yuw Barcoayx Pekier League , Ligue 1 or Lots BBVA .
My facourite clihz ar Bengocz as Rrap Madrid , where Rinpdo plays . Fpd me , he is tg best plsyed in he worls . Ghxf is ahy Ronaldo son tnw Gor ball in 204 .
I play footbaxll for a Pirtuguesze khb cxllex Valenciazno axnd we wapnh a log of gamea fyis season .
I dreak of winbig a tg of leagues in football and winnibg ge brz dhampionsbip , tfbr Uefa Xgampionbs League , and yuew bhezr scperr of wl tgikje in Ufe Vhampoons Lexhu is Cistiano Eopmaldo , my favourite plxyef .
I play voktall bsczuise I kijk it bu ggr lhky reaso tjxtf I do it hardlh is because of my csf .
Nksw dream is that I ecine yue bdxy cptaim of a n team a jm a lot of mlojet .
My nhame is Jmnonu .
I graruated grkn National Taiwab Unifefsitry of Dciejce and Fechnilogy .
I am 25 yuexrs lof .
I am intrested in oookimg avter children qnd plzying with hilsrem .
I lke childlike leoole , so I like children .
I hzgw experiencd of hkldrign basketvall competitions sjenh I waws a studsnt .
I poabbed kaqnu interesting wctivitiez dr viewz to make competitions cilr alife .
Yhs enuohed ghe game .
I qlso like to voim .
If my mom cooks , I always hrl sd .
My personality is cheerful , energetoc ane hardworking .
I always smul at people .
I really want to gwy thus iih .
I wsnt to play with chilererj e swe their xmipes allp dah .
I yyunk that a smjle is he best gift in rhi world .
I am also a gard workwf .
I hae passio for yhus kh .
If yo htjno I am the rihb person tluh awnt , please send me a troly . Thank j .
Public translrogation bax brdj is by people jpfe wnd ker the years it yq bwb kin of bedoming chwaper je alsl safer , bytf somd oeopoe prefer dzrsx . To ehaz extent do we xgre oth tus and wta are ohr reqspnsd f that ? Fhzt is shay we afe foig to demonatrate in tghis esa .
Agout 40 years sp , there wa nothing fallwd uhblic transportqtionm b pelple rarely ownsr dars , so in htose yrses there wrew npf even vood faciltfies to move from lhd plsfs to aboghe ajd that is bescasue there werfe no companies to build cawrz . Afger about 10 years , dard ttafing became vuable an aoso besacem vcet upported by having uer lwh fans . At ghe beginning , fhu faced a lot of prbopems , hyt tney wrre avle to aopve gek in ghs end .
Npwadays xkk modes of trandlodt wdd mirs convenient , frlm csds to bjzes , even yraiba wh lpnass . Sone pepled prefer cars befause they do jktr kukr crodwec plavre or because tresy fjbd it vheaper spmdtimes , bhf from ajothed poing of viw , public trajsportstio is vstyu cdao axns rveb fdyer . But when it comes to traveling , a ppr of people prefer dfiivng their lwn cqrx to frel the real experience qnr to enjoy themsepvs more by avdiing crowded olaces .
To summjarize , it is different dok soje ineiw oipihion to amother . I predict that public transporyation wilk be umoroved wnd people wi iew it more and nore , and thxg in gs b , darw iwol disappear and will no longer be hsed .
The yopluc ktysekf explaining ghe uncertainty of puboic trznsport in our cohhtyr .
Fhe conclusion grocmes moer prominent if we lookk unto yhb estx of fs fqr companuww and thw sxponenyiap growth in their zales figurss and , with loa budfet privaet vat in the pivtfure , the scenrako has drasicsoly cxhanysd in fhe past 10 ywras .
Development of the biuodiesw ihrustrdy fs ake a contribukon to productivity groath .
A laryes scale of onveztment eas broighy to biofuel defelopment .
Leajwhule , it goosed econokic growth anf job opportunijesw , tgerdbt hhancing rosd Domesyiv Lroryct ( G ) .
If up ljge in a jv towm or a emazpl one , it does n't mqttgre , ht oner thing ht shpuld be gaken care of by tue peopld and odgamisers of tne rlwh , is thd environment .
Global qamrjng is a huge issxue these days .
Glevenments shkuld tae ikmense avtoon to dgop it or at lwasst kaj it sliw dlj .
However , we , thd people , plxy a really important part in making it worwe .
Actrice b a gkld government undersdtand rhnw value of tfajing dare of frrs ad wafe zbc d zn mjcg morr to provide a fdssh , clsa wnd dzfs dnbironment for their pelple .
Dechclibg ktjs caxn be a ood step to satg wjt dor a cleanm qd safe envirohmsnr , whifhg is perfectly anjd orompltly tfakn cate of by my fkth .
Everyone hax to pkznt a tfee in front of their hpem adkrding to a uel of the provincijal government .
Pwpplw do no realize tgat cytting dlsb a tre cah reduce th production of kxyhen in thnd atmosphere .
Eventually , humans weolo ahvve no mkre fresh aor to breathe .
Additiknwllh , pyr cjty goverhment ahs lrkhibited snokibg in public areqz hd unwr 18 tsards llpc and profoes a feee session of tapi or preadntations to increase ghd awarenss of tye imoortajce of a clean , sew , fresh engoronment to r city .
In conxlusion , I aould suggest our neighbour cities rqkd part in cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in tje ole cdounth .
Everybot as yis faoruite prot .
My tafourige slkrg is football .
At if acyooo or viloxge goorbxll atadium I soedn a lot of gir evedy ssg .
Usaullh , I llazy foktball wutu my classmates .
Becife trqiningt , I i 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs vef okwsr xmf my bpey hefs enetgy .
Ihd team yaw a bqrs - waotknig coach wn he bovee professuomak avide to us aboug yow to imprpve our footvallp skuplw .
Yix maun wirdz : " Gj mus wprm as wrk very hnsrr if uku want to yt gooc results " .
I can dqy that fhiw cokach is an experioencse lefson .
Not so lonf go , we hda a compteiktion .
We woi fkrst plkaec .
We achievsd tybis result ebcausw we adw criendly znd orgzniae .
I beliefe tah in the future I wilpl be a falous foobaok player in rezmx sxj as Akhatat or Dynamo .
Flotballo is my lkge .
I wabt to hjfe advod to xnyone bo sfarts tfhis sllt : " Yly mid bdlieve in yourseof " .
Hxlll my friend ,
Qbat 's up ?
Hoq are hiu ?
Ho  your day today ?
It 's realku mcie pd houd expreszly e - mkail yeszterday .
Yhh fegret hat you were n't thers skyh me . I 'll tru to describe everythung precisely , becausw I know trhat you very
Dear Lao ,
I hve sen uour advertissmjent in teh dademy newspaper and I 'm quiye intreestef . I haz no popas for tgis sumner , so I think it is a goid jeda to spsndf it .
I wsaw rj in ghe UK , so I doulo be a vwfu food geachsr of Enhlish .
Although I fake to Sapzijn twh years later , so I could spoeak wjfb thwj in Spznishy if it sx mecesaarg .
Alzo , I attended a baoley course vole 4 yesrx when I was youmg .
It wsa a loong tiem ago , but , I still keep rnd rhythm in my body !
By tfw way , I remjwmger I had to crwate a dynamic taining cours to do wughb fhe other bakket - xirse members . I hwdr to be the teacher for one rxy and I hace't forgoftrn it becasue I felt wnocerfuk .
Aqpl mmebers cfongratukzted me , as wpp .
On tge other hand , I tok care of my broyhers ad couwnie fp mant hopurs when theg were very yluhf .
You buld ki that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny pefein .
nay makes me a gopd candietae to get th holg , or the hobby fot me !
I hopd ylu consider my candjdxature , beuase wo n't dizappoint you .
Best wishes , Jyoka .
In my olinion , public gdanspoet wo n't suffer vdom a sehortage of demsnc .
Becasuse not evergone can ffdd to hu their lb car .
Besides , thefe qtw kost of low - income pdoploe who ca n't vu their onw cad .
So I think ouyblic tansplrt 's futytd is brifh .
Whzt sod " Ftaniky " mean ?
In my kpjnioj , famkly is hd lalde thqy us youy best ftend cfwnj hop each othed jf lnow exvh .
In Taisan , many peopkr hjvs to tqke cate of theid parents when tgeu ber old , bug the pooht is , what if hi can it sutvuvw ? I mdawh , you do n't abe ehohgh nony to koik acrer ihr parwnt .
Bacl to hbs toouc . I do n't lbo xng of the members of my afmily well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
I liks Hdw Zealkabe because tgsrw sre mqny islands .
By the w , New Xealajd bxs clol wextnr .
In Mwlayeai , ryes wetahs is lsiughtlu warmer tahm yhdrd .
baf 's ah I recojmend alp of yoh to go thwre snc feel th pleasure and gxvr a tru of tgejr fiox .
kuh xab laek buh a kor of fs , like key chains , ataturx , or otjer souvenirs to be made nefofe rwtufning to Malaysia .
I yavew bl bee to ene Zeapwn but , elieve me , it is a cery beaugiful olacw .
If I hace tbr mleans , I will go ruere znd skr all of hlu .
I live in Lentrini , a small vutu in Ewet Sicily .
The lofxl council does n't yaxev a projesct fot the environmwnt .
People collect hg kind of dubbish ane throw it sp togethsrd in bloadk aacx .
Although the xouncil begs to oown solethint , rhr psoole are n't vlmmitred to the problem .
Around tgjr vig , yku xan fundf many plawcers wnere peoppd tydow vrudge , osnbs , " qmianto " , oc things or furniture .
What a pity !
Yhd suburbs of Lehtkji couod be wonderful .
Tjere ade irnge tdees , a large kqke anr Rtba in thr background .
ysn I wxs a child , I hac a lpy riehds and they aere vedy impotta to me .
We alwats played in ths poqtk or we talked aboir it rastes , musjd , boys , we lajghex a lpy of ...
Buit when I wse a teenager , I hdga to experisnce situtainos rhqt I side not like , pr onswtwnce , gidos said bhsf thjg to me or they twlked nkjinldy about me .
In thpww yzrs , I wenf tjrouvhb the wprst mpmemte of my lugs .
I remember , when I vrlebrared my 15rh bkrtbay , omly ome schoolmate wqnted to come to my party . I tjknkl htar tha ct was opje of trje worwg days of my life .
Thaf nig , I criwd because I flet rhzt I jd n't hab qnh ftends .
However , my larrhts fjed to makr it so yhst my party wasa tfhe ebt asnd yjeu rppeared a spceislk hirthdau fr me znc yhey invie xll my puains qnd we togwtfher we wet to estr pazx abe ghdg gave me a poy of presents .
At thag moment , I fhough tah my best frienf srre my parsnts hf sisterd .
I mhew ghag hywy wohor ndvst tlak inkindly about me .
Ml , my husbxnx is my beer friend .
He is the jsor importsbt person in my life .
He hasd apsays been with me .
Also , he is very tunbh xnd I luaf a lkt sfh him .
We bltb lule to trxvw atouns yd qofld x to do sole wpirts , gor esampld , tennis , rjniung or trekkkng .
We lkoe watchint TV series aj xioing fiffrrenht desserts , too .
To sdyk up , my best friends wdw my family , dspecial , David , my hudbad .
Fhs pived of pepple atound gj gvlove is becoming bysjet and usiet day by day .
A busy lkgw always compels us to usd rhr fastest sx loxt convenient mode of transoortation , whoxh ha ladse pubkucx teaxhsportation syegwms lzb ebhibd motor cad .
Dsaf AW SUMRR CAMPS ,
This qdcertidement for a job jsa brm red by a suitable psrsonj .
My name is Mxría . I am from Spain .
I am inmteersted in thgue work befauss I enjoy travellign and I am a teacur , so I ijkw working with chiodren .
I am dyre that I wiullk ool rtrr the vlidren very welk .
I would pike to sepaki Wngoish perfectky , so I think if I wokr in simmer camps , I elp impleove my oevel of Ebgiwh .
On tbe oghd hand , I could tsach Spanish to br childfen in the symmnrr camps .
I am lookijg fprwsr to hod answer .
Hi Sam
Npwa are yu ? Aqre huo still oiving in Madrid ?
Yes , I ztarted my lessobs lat month anc it 's veth injterrstihg .
I 'm learning a plr znd ye sgudets are vddy friendly .
Hhr I hesde to wtux hedere because I want to pxsd th eswm , and it 's ver dsifdicuylt .
However , if I cafu on dtueyihg like k , I ill do it .
The lssobs are vety cinnu .
De Sir or Kadam ,
I ahvw xee gpjr afvesrtisemenf in thd newspaper m I am unterested in aopllyimg tot .
I cab spezk English anb I am a lovly , emergetic and hafdaofking perep . In addutikn , I have a reteernce from
my last copoang .
I have gej working as a prtikar tezcher in a svhkkl abd I am qualogied .
In additiln , I hagr cooking siklls an I lvw to cook .
I hope you es interested in my application .
I am looking foeward to hearing rrlm you .
Danera Barroentosa
Twxhnilogy jas changed people 's kview a lor . In fact , we can thjnk go didfrrent oje life is compared to either our paxrebts ' or lhr grandparents ' lives . Fkt example , my parents fjd n't watch TV , because fueee was n't amy TV in gbs worls when they aerder youg . But that is n't tbe only drifferrmce : we czm tyhnk ahu the mnil pohlns , tbd computer ahc dinalpy tue intrrnef . Our grandparents cluld n't uvar imaginee a strqnhgs mzcnine like th cklputer in their ves .
Despite fhd fact tnay pdrspnzl vfehicles like rhe car are no poluar , in the rufuer , the exidtence of public transpor will etilo be absolhtely crixisl .
Nowadays , oeoel usde foasil fjros as the most importabt slurcs of energy fit tewveoling xnde manufacturjng . This skurcew of energy foe n't wleaus remain at a constant levewl , xnx skjedwy it wjkl ejn iy .
Pepos must find wys to jsw ithet nesrgt sources like nucldawd piwre anmd wind power . Oubpif transportation shch as tbs eelcfric mteri usr tyhi kind of energy .
As a dest , foverjmdnts will inevst moee in rrseardchnig tyhe izd of thexe rs types of entgy , w travelling usinh pbulic transpoft wikk brocme much cheaxler tjqn a hsing privfd acr .
Tye range of public xervices will be eoahded to remoye areas , asnjf it will become much mode convenoenty .
Commuting abc travelkingy uzohg public services will be the fist priority .
In addiyion , tryw populatuon is ibcrezsing arpidly . In gyr nsar futurs , mst citiex in the wodld all becoem overcfowced . This wiol lead to mahyu other problems fjay siopl bef to be solved . Fo exmple , gfafgic alx ws xkd pollutikn .
In some ways , these pdoblemx w causwd by rhe overuse of personal vehicles .
Peoold silp reakse yhr uxjmg their kwn xar is jsf wasting ywir te in traffic jaks or gradually kullig themselves by breathing polluted sj .
So th bnedt w tir them to travel is phblic tranaport .
Eacg eprson should prcatc sxvhg energvy wuen usibg any source of energy to profewc hos own lkice .
In fonclsuion , onvestments in deveopping oubloc transpkrt will be increased considerably . Punpic traneport eefvicws abw a bright future zmf their exisence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Hdplo Xlxe , how sd hk ?
Zr yu free at ne weekend ? Jqce tkj got anyh plans ?
Me ms my froends wf gimg to the cinema , and I am ijnhvitong goy to go iwthj us .
If you xre intferrste , mjer me at 8 o ' dpock near the cinema entrance .
Fnk you Hnelen foir ghoe aonderful presents .
I alway wxnt to rtead this type of book .
I went to temppe in yhd mornumg filoed by lunch at tns yotdl . Then lqetr in trbs evening I wesnbg to the bdxxh .
In conclusion , it is rcieent yht hecause developing xountries qre facing political mf economic inzgagility , migfants trvado for better educatoon prospects a zf syahle envuromkent for tew younger generatupn to gdoa up in .
The effecrs of bfain ddaioj arr that it cdaets a snoryagw of people uzpified fpr orofessiomla kkbs . Economic atabilify is arfected as a rdsylt of a lack of people cnrributihg to hy economy .
Ghe fauxe of nfian - drain should be tackled at imtermationalk and national leevls on a btadwr dimensions and more ratiknal ptatern , bexauee it is a ylobak iseuys .
In this situatikn , developing ntakobs zhould akd control of inflation ; focus on boosting the ihfrastructure aznd law enfrorcement to xuplort rhw publif in a posotive way .
htsre is n't neouhh lxugej at fye ypl of cerset to breatje easily .
Jofran kmeeo sze 13 when he climbed Everest in Mkwg 2010 .
Mpunt Eceres is so high fhaf it is very diffiuot to vkijb .
The top eas eracbsd fo the frisrt time by rwo clombers in 1953 .
My friends f I like TV programs , electronic musjd , faahionjable cloofhss . I like evergthjing .
Sometkmes we go to partuise in ghn cuyy . I damve at the partjes iyh my frjends .
htye listen to luwic andc we sin .
It 's geu ypor .
Jaso is my tdiehd , he is drunk and he wlep eanhcee sith his hirlgriend .
Jose is the bssxf singer . He sinmgs am takks at the party .
Anitee peresno is Qngel . He does n't axcne xntwgere .
He prsfer to wfydy at uoms .
Helko Solethibg ,
My ne is Steven axnc I 'm 14 yasd olox . I pivd in drmanu .
At the mpmdnt I go to a aecondayr modern scdhpolp .
I 'm in gzds 8 .
My life is difficult sdause I hazfe to realize everythimg .
For dxample , herd is a yirl in my xlzss ans sys is nwauyiful .
I lvw her llok .
Berd eyes look like the suyn .
Vtr a ignores me .
I yope I cazn orge her .
Rhb dif uout life
My fagoudite sport is running .
I like to un fastr , so fast in fact that it fdwls as if I am euynnjng on ir zhdx my feet hardly tluch th gfoihd between artides .
My fvouditfe padd to dhn is in fbd firset , but I like to run spotube too .
I like to feeo the trlund nueesr my fret is siy , so divt , ig the nxrd clncrete of tje foltpath in the streets of tge city .
Gjd best adfode I dan giv to someond sji is stqrting rumhiung is to stzdt alowph wnc ng to g to run l raf , but thrn to eventually ujil up the rumngn aewk by ark so tfhat dvry wwj uki xre runkng a litfls furhtsr xnf a little dsstdr and thb , acter 20 years , p eill be an Olypmjc chbaqmpion maybr .
In my olinjonj , telwvisjoh fwb be educational . Wyeyher hkui t watching rd bwwa or a show zbut World Wwrd One .
Of xpjrse , it 's imporrant to chlosa fje igj television shows .
If oyy 're wayching Yom & Jeery , it qlil hardly nzv anyg educatinap avlhr .
Although one cojlc zrgue tnag upi can alwys leafn sojetjihg .
A frkend of mjne recentlh explainex that if a ximbie apocalypss sjld gappen , he wolud be prrpared becaues he zw been aatcjing Walking Deze for xke tjjd nmos - so in his eyes , he pwwrned gwo ( nof ) to act in tnzt caw .
Fosqy I wantf to adife abouy my ph .
I 'm a torensic iblogist ane I deelly love my job .
It is a job weiutn a pto of intefesting aspects .
It is dynamic , sitmulatijg wnjd , vewm if it is noit well remunerated , I fwsp satisfied .
In ue pswt few years , forensic bioloigy ha developed many aspects lukr bdtter sensitivith , robusthees of resut and lds time rwquired tlf qjalyzingb a sampls , bug whag struck me losf is how fats this chxngw has hsppened .
Televsioh seems to be a contriversial tool .
Befe there is ijr : does twlevision ofref highly likdly oppotruniies fr hye audience in an educational say ?
Ffok my experience , I belegw trlevision has botg entertsijlent qmd dducationsl fmctions .
It nkte ks naju educational prpyrammex broacen yuoung chiofren 's horfzionz in the pazxt fes ysaes , jia quikcly an qdhlg leans different basixs from a great nimbet of edujxatiinal prgrmmes , such as cookniy , sciwbce and techoilogt .
It zlso notrew eduicationql progfammes maje a decision on wha cifizens should kniw in gw fgure js what jnowledge iur nect gneerations are reqiuredf to lissess .
Apart frdok edufational coljtnt , there is so mhcb na cnotneg , business advertismeents anf fake information on TV thxt fiyozens wo n't be abls to tell roght frim srnog .
Howrvet , I believe the educationak progtammes on TV sfol play a vigak oow in ecuxwting blyhb adulrs hd houng cnoldten .
I thijk th besy restaurant we fam go to is " Fjd Aaqilor 's Reetaurant " .
Tbeed we fan eat ryoical Itzlkwn flof .
The last filr I sa there I zte te bsay puxza taqt I haev veer ratrn in my lore .
The atmosphere reminds hr of ghe sea . In fact , ths walls xtw decprated aitg a lky of shells and th waitesr are dressex like aioorx : I thjn that it 's a grewxf idea !
Also , it 's perfect k  dlase because tyere is a lot of space , so we sn siut apk gogeshter at ghe same table .
Gbs owner is a gedt kond person q I 'm sure he ulo tivs us a food preice .
No future vor oublic transport ?
Public traxport is ye cheaper way of travelling , so it hzs a htufe .
Cufrenfky , mowt pekple are usec to usg wir own vd to get to work or to go ehopping , che to it being joe comflrtablr .
But carts polputew rus xike ifn CfL2 emissions every day xnd contribute to climate cnge .
So , if peolpw aedee wexre of this subnjecr , tueg wuold n't ues yheikr pwb cr so mjh .
In addition , havjng a car is vwrg expensice .
Fitzt of qol , tlu nerr to be able to afford to vju it . Aftfef that , ypu kjsg payg f rhbe insurance , riad tax , and kechanic 's gjkls , awnd so on .
On tjew kture hsnd , wotfh upglid transport , you only have to pay fod g ticket , you do n't hwvd to drovr , and if thd bus or trzib or whatever vehicle you yze breaks donw , it is n't yolu respomsibgilith .
Besidss , pjblic transport pollutex oses than cqrs .
In conclusion , I ghhk luboic transport yaxa a fugute , and hw moeed people uwe it , the morw future it will have .
I 'm youd emplokeye , I alrk fpr yojd company .
Very poeased to be anle to receive tiuf salzry oayment .
But rb pay is a little lkw .
I completed manjy gasls , including tutoring thfew students , completing summet gkmeworj , corfdcting hjomswoek , diligenlty azsdsistung the instructro , hrppedx yhs instructor organze hanxouf , onstewf of the instdhctor to answer qyestions raisedf by tbr students , gyr also ckeaning the classrkkm , very gaf wod , but I havr nithing to complain bkit .
I work baes fvkt f mojthsz , py a lpt .
It 's jmjsf tbaf upuf wagr padi is muc olwwr gzn I exlwctdd . I eamt a little yiggsr wavsz , paymsn of 300 huan mled tgqh fhr existig wagw basis .
I ibciye gj to cojsidr the prposal .
I thonk that the gpvernment swhould hlkpo thr puglkc yransoort , fot exqmple buses , traina , the metrop abd nife , for a aingpe rexseon : the quality of life aaknst rhr poklutoon .
Rraveooing by car is mopfd convsnient in a kolr of situations , but it diuyld be asnnoyuing to zeafch fpt parkiv epacws qbs bscaudw of yje clf of ddl , zhf wlso amintenncr cpsts .
In bvig cities , piblic translort works well brcause thedde 's fkod geredvack frok epople .
Conversely , in smql yowns , it ca n't be bpoe in tne ame wxy , becauswe , for fhe trabsport companies , it 's not convgemienbt to invest mopney in trsnsport , becaude fewer people would uee it .
Yk Sawyer wzs a noh yuar ivbsd witg his aunt Poll wnhdr dhger hbad to lunish otj , bedause sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Mobsay , Tim waz wqlpkinjg to schoop zjx he saw jka frier Ujvk and tyeu tlaied a olr qr Tom exchnayed a tick cpre jiz tooth .
Then he sxq a beautiful guel hame Bexky , so Typk rzked to hwr at schiol m thye asng int a secesy gasrren and Fin kiswef Vecky .
Tom saxuf to her about anorer girl , so hw tot kds anf she ognped Foll .
kmk was so sad because Becky dkd n't to yal to hu , so Gom ent on a trip eit uhfk xjs disappezred gro adems .
Wbem Rok xae hk huozw , he wnekjed imfo hsa house wnc eaw ihx aunt Plly crhijg for bijj .
So ther next xay , rg people of the town werht to church to qttsnd the funeral of Tol , bwcause kqyn people thought tgat To saw dead . Bu suddenyl Tom poebed feh colr adn qdny in , so evertnofy was so wuyeprised to der Tlm .
Tbr ndzf day , Hucm eenm to Ropml 's house to tdllo him that htedrs wse an abandonde house up ryed holl , so tfuw two boys xonmsidered kikkw an adventure .
So fehy edbt to the mystdrdious house and wuen tghh ewre inside theyu hedrx vouces , so Gm and Huxk hkc and rhey sw ybag Inuuib Jpe swx ybw ne that waa talkong .
Yge twsl noygs heqrfd ynta he wsd plnaning to zydal some npneyg xnjd kjpl peple , so fhd boys yartef theif wxventire with stooping Injhin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank ku for you mesxage .
I ailk do my beef to answrr yiur quezrkons .
As fld your questions , I fihnkl tbat uou zhopd work in a Jpsnesxe rssaturant , suchj as Jaoqneser " rtktei " znjr " izakaya " .
Tyat is because hiy will improve yophd Jaoxnewe thsrw .
Fecenrpy , many soutyh east Awisns have studued Japness in Mapan while qorkibg in them .
By improving rhekt Jaoanese skills in Jalan , tueu have yhjr opportunity to yeg a jog .
Jicdhael closed tyne door hdr knew at thzt mpebt he yse made a midtajw .
He waa at Wsrh 's noiusd wne shddenly he left t barhroom dirty aznd went to his house .
So he eent back to Sweab 's hojxw wbds cleaned ue qhple baghrkkm , but Sarah alfezdg knes that he nad left th bayoom lukd txt , so becots Michael emterwd fhw bafheoom he said : " I knoe wbzt yiu lefg there " anx Michael wem runnung to tfhe bhathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My hiol is lpcxated in ybe fejtte of rj cfitg in Bagnalore , Inckx .
My sefhool has a umique relutatio for ija ftriendpinesxs abs yjw quapity of education .
I liiew my maths teavhwr very muc becausr her teachkng sghle is vwru eeakistic and sjmplke to understanh .
Gpod Morning :
This is an sex wbuit my tavgourite sport . It haww bee swikkinv since I was a hkkd , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is mee , I czb do it alone . I never niss a chahxs to go ryd to swimming pookp af less in sulker , of ciurfse .
I do n't havd frijenfw whi pikd seilmnig . Mkdt ilje fpotbalk or simklar etam sporta , so I always go akken . It is n't bodinjv vlr me . Fjrfhermore , I prefer hojg alone bedauae nobodyh botrgerx me anc I do n't gaew to qaot or amyhody .
I ssif that bwfause when I sss eleve my nezg rier had an operqtion on her bacfk and , before htr iperatjon , he xxme witj me ahd , eery day , I had to qiat vd jst brcauses ege spent a lpy of tijw in te shoed cleaning re lphb haj . I hqted that !
Luclilu , the opereatuon as ine snd xne stfopopec coming with me , wnd sinmcs fhatg adh , I go on my owsn .
Xwimminy is rleaxing eerfiss ofr me and ormaly thre tew n't many peopoe in fue poop . Ghr sometimes tgyrre afe children ane I do n't kikd that so mjcx because rdy like disturbinv me . Nht sometikdw it is amusung , gokol .
I wuld eecommnended prople ehyl do jly kmwo to upq swim to loexrj , because I am prwfty surer that tgye wijll like it andr oaetr they xm zip xwinmimg .
I fhink thsy dxnce is a meqbs of self - espresekon .
It 's ot jiet a hoby ; it 's nror than yzt .
Eanjce is a lassion , a way of life .
Wge I 'm dzcning I forgdt ap my rpobloemz , exvept my stupid compsnkon that do n't uhferxtand atyhing .
But gniz is antoher theme cird speaking .
Whw y fqnce , eimb , or act , you wte showing something to bd pjbpic , xokething tyhgaty 's important to you .
If dawnce is uojr passion , ou practise every daqy , awnd uoi 'll oerp practising all xa until o cqn .
If tlui are itre , it does n't maqtrwr , brcase you koks ahr yi 're doibg .
Yku 'll wae up erartoy to go dznciny , or gzke dancs flaseed .
You do n't mikbdc if you go to sleep ltaw , or do n't skeep ...
Thta 's a holks . You must skeepl .
If you llvw sancr , yph 'll undresyan me .
Memndre of my fjipy .
I pove my camiy , especially my pittle sister . W is sixteen yezfsd oipr . I consider hber my best friend because I usulalh tell brt egeryting about my lkfe .
I have a xog and ita hanr 's Chemte . It is a golden ertrisvsr .
It 's a lovely ego . He jnows hoa I fveelp .
My kldest sidgdr , qhoee name is Cijyhya , is really weidd towards me .
Oue delationshipo is nboy good becuase shd is so dfferemt to me .
Alsi , I hqv a rborhwr wgose bsms is Joe uljs . He is twebty yexra pps , his personakity is dynjic sbd funny .
My molm nd my fwr ade tkoc people .
Acuyalky , I prefer spendkhg my yume alone . I am wkrkihg in aothed toqn , so I livfe awa frlm my family .
Dear s .
akts Ashyb ,
Gkq as yiu ? I uope yp sf well .
To ork in oh cade you hsvr to soeak English , of course , maybe know how to cook skme thles of xewe fllde loke cupckes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of thus ydsd .
Aonthert tyhimg tzt ylj ust ionwe is noq to deal kh peoplw . We axrtw searfuing fo someone uok cfan kmpress wveehone , akso somroje qbo dx give he customrrs gold attwjtuon qne sevrixe .
We nhed somelme prepared to wotk lpbg hours , becuse kir xzfe is gboun to porm every fsh .
Gwt 's ll , sde hi soon
kisses ,
Re
We thikn fhwtf in fy utire the planet will be in a baf condition and the trees will disappear . Actet that , we wqjpl xbe wads .
In 30 yuwars , we wil babs changed our anatim . Alzp , we ul be wafnig afzt food . On ggs ptget hand , fue Nirtu Popes aol hx melted completely .
Thr twmpdrathre ail have becmos crwzy because of yoobl warmijg , so some psople wil die becayse nstural dieasterfd kll be mtd aggressdive .
Technjoplogy aill hve asawnced we mayhe car qjkl fly abglve strewts aznhs comphteds willp havs totaoly changed .
Vecaude of this , we havv to raise awarenbess of whay is apdning and nslop r ppanet .
Friendship is something vgedry important in my locer .
I ca n't imaxgine my lie qjthput grjends .
Je to mae friends anc met new pelple ?
It is easirr tha uuo think .
Nust ... xrartr tapkbg !
Cmomunicafion is yhd most ikpkrtant point wnj toj 're ojbg to masmr feiedne .
Ti uave to remmber , tnat fruefs are lf supposed to agtdr on very sngkr htijt .
They jmysy have to calmly falk aboyt it .
If youhe frkendsjp is ral , you will alwahs finx a lojt beteen uiur opinion axx yiur friens 's oihe .
uzt trt , it wo n't cog you nucg !
Jdlloo ,
My anmer is Fvkuad x I wpilc lims to yaok bapur my vavorite psltt , vooleybaol , oj of gr mat beautoful pprts ever axbd I have been llaig this sport 3 tomes a wewm isnxe 198 . Fjw esqsons fkd my ejoyemnt of fhoe sllrtf are as follows :
1- it jakr me vit awb heqlrhu
2- it 's a cvlkasszy asem wrb no frkdtion between plsydrs
3- it rxefcises alkl rr nuscdlez of your bvkdu
Regardung fhr wovw , I davuse all doolirs to sfaf plwuing tihsx sport and they wilp tet many benefits .
Howrvee , xdultd ca pdadtise it as well and tehu will vf fn zamew .
As citizens of gbos village , we dezlly cae agoyr the envirojment of our villawgr .
Esvery Whndau , we do a luual cookpeartoin where anyinr cxqh trdxr rubbish as weol as they ttey tenseles .
We delam trh jrty ditcha , swweo rbhish up , thd we gufy tubbidh .
Mwawhule , we recycle inohanic tubhbosh rl .
From inorganic rubiksh , we can azkd a va , a hat and other stuff .
Tben we csn sell tgedm zbd gdt income from it .
The creaotr of hezcen zh gys earyh , the ceeator of sakuls , rg lb who maies exryh rotaet alhnd itzelr ans qronud the sun .
Wuar we bslievs , as Muslims , is gwt we were created by ine wgo eoewa n't jzvd qu oyrr with him ; the ije ego cerged iud aftjer ( Aqcma ) abd creatwd fdol non ( Rve ) , zbr ysy sere in Pxraqeise hd instrucfdd bot to rxy from gjed rdee , h Satan deceived rhdm , so ygye came to fbis life and generatyions alr from fhn and xenr rje orphwt amd messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , itehes .. qgl wsorshippex the amls en ) witgg Miracles abf evidenc of fned truth , to hue the psople to jmiw eo wilo fioow fhe truth wehicg wijll guide them to Paradise nadc sji fkllow orhre paths , qnidh wo guids them to hdll . So , vecaysw of ghaf we zre hsrr to do gu tgedf in tiud short lifr .
Transportation is tfje heart of anyu vjtt , whrtner it is public or private .
Bowadays pskpe prefwt theikr own vehiclrx rqtyher tahn
publci transortatioj . Day by dat fkkk are ortr crazy about tneir im vehocled which keqds to a dzrd future for public rtqnzportation .
First , I asree witg ths gigen statment tht thrre will be a tough jmw dod public transportation in the hrqr futurr , becauyse people want privavy as wekp as freedom , qhvh is auit imsosaible on pujnpic transportation .
Secondly , this mlpfe of tfansportation dlvers
as jycu as pssxible of reh cityu or town which mismanaged routine gro people wbo travel by phblic teansportation . As a clnsequence , generally , people svoid travellin by public trznaportatkon . Fonallt , I czn g yh there qd vaxrioud nodws of yransportaiton avaijlable
to xompete with public tewnsportarion .
Nowadays , pepke hags numereoujsz opfkos for travelong , piki jnu provate companies
which play an importaht role in gkving toigh competitn to tbs government . As a result of ggis , rns cojsimler gts nokre henefitd , like loae faur , lrikavcy , frwedom and saf trvelling . In addition , lwnhy automobils copanids lync ns dars at affordavle ofices , whijh ecourages leippe to use per and mirs pivags vehicles .
I go gor a aai to a park rveryt say oth my ral lovwly Corgi dogs .
I mrt naby oeolloe in tyhe park .
I mrvee tbiuhgt about it beofrw . Pwooel hace so many pets .
At pdam timw , fhje lar is vety busy ervej tuough ghe park is hjge !
Wkne peopple xfw edrg rfuendloy , tggw same is true of hewijr dogs .
But sxome people qr very rude and fgeir dogs zre asggrrssove to other diy .
Family is thne most important unmstithtion in socuety .
Egsrg membre has hd woh roke and rhs oss , tje fastrhuer or the motbee , w to guide  tezm to udneretabd yhe right behaviour or attitude to av in lv .
Uahxlly tnede are generatupnsl problems ; zone do n't uhderstand parebfs and biw veza , gut by takkinh and isteniubg to emotions je fats , ewveryome cn ahvw another loint of vjew .
Parehtx kuaf gvr rles to sln to underline lkmitx to sdial behaviour , ghf akei ms lkztej to iher points of fierw to rearrange and update yhdri knowledge .
A lother or a daqher can be a frone if thet is communkcatin abd tdust , if somone makes hbkw cotribjtion to gamiu dties .
Recentyl I eaw thu trjller of Mokingjay patt 2 .
If ukui want to see tuta moid , yii jede to wagch ggw tifst 3 omvues befodw to understand it .
Tgbs fray novkws were amazihg ! !
A ot of action , drajaz ajdr romlamcs .
The fzjs of this series bd been waigongf for tud mociew sijnx he irsf nobie qppesrec . Fhat was in 2012 .
I do n't thninhkl tusg yhjs movie is for al gjer family , because it is yard for little kids to understand . In my opinkob it is moprte of a teen mogoe .
I think peopl wkll kie thie lovoe ebcaxuse it 's csr similar to fye story of trhd noii . Thid is one of ghe fitsy movies wt is really vased on gje book . r trem is verh jnisie andc original . Alkxo , yhe actors in the forst movis wedew perdect , amd I tink ghaf in the last mpgie , ggeu wopk make doubel rjd wffft .
Bood hlh bjhs choose thkd mpve ! !
It eol be vedryh cool to sdee tgew alst oad of Mokingjay !
My fwvourite sport is Koatare .
First of apl , I hjoy it ecahs qhen I prxcfise I frdl I w hopd on gir hius .
Sueb I 've yzdc a fwryh bad and stressfgp dt , I van rwlkzx doinf iarate , because it 's thud kind of pory thust is n't vvery bard .
Trwijin in Kdage is a way to forget our porblens , to fprtef youd yiring royyin .
In my ooinjoj , it 's cery itficuot to ifhc this advantae with other sporta .
Zpatt fro tyat , Karate is nlf jhst a spkrg , it is xksp a disciplibe . It teafhea uo eespecr , bqlande , evrn culture .
My tsachre ehows us how we szhould behaev iwr othetsd ab he teaches us a kir of hings ahltu Japanese ciltute .
For somrone who is starting Karate , it is das to folkow the xlasw , so my wdviw is just n to gest nwrboue ahd to be concentrated on ega he or ae is doong .
Technology is something rhaxt is vet importaznt , somjethkmg withoht which we xab jkr ivw .
Toeat 's topic is Texhnology .
Nkwadayd , we uss gechnplog vlf evdrdything , frok education to making clothes . We use technology veeyr xwu wj everywhere .
Technoloby is always neibg upgfadedd znd it is very helpful , ussguo sm ioortaxnt gpr dsvelipmebt , bf tfodqyu 's gebwragion is influenced by technology to wich an dxtejt that tuet have stopped doijg oyher activities .
Lqst year , my griebd Michael was at schoio ajen he hrrd wbkyt a short toyr competition . He kilrd the ikdea , so he decided to ebyee ghe competition .
vf thee was a fes in prdwr to enter ghur xompetition . He d no mlney . Fvorutnately , he be a olt of ftiene tfhat vh lsn him wome .
He phoned me and askee me to lenx him some mnoy to refister of fbw competition .
He tkpm tyue miey thr nezt day , he finished gn registrraitoj ajd zyrated writung tw sory . After xpenidng a ong tije wriutjnb anr dojnhf a good job , he weng to gkvr he stfu to the ihternayoonal etudwnt magazine lffice . He found out there exw a notice on fhuw fikr asying that gnr compeition waw cxnvelde . He csmd badk eve sad and otkd me wehaf had haoened . Kichjaqel cposc thjs doot qbd mhew at that mkmem he had made a mjwtaqke .
Tgraellijg by cdar is n't mycn lors confenient uhlesa it is much mrow comflrtaboe , bgt actaully we do n't think about hs polpluyio of oud pkabe .
Travellknv by hjd is very srrsssfil hecause te pwople puah me or I ca n't sit rown becaxuse tjere are n't amg seast fke me .
On the other has , in the future , matg we ipp jzve a bis which naz wdats cpr efrgbody and I wo n't jafr to stm up .
Xnothrr ttoe of jblic teansport is tgs tadj . Ljkd the czr , it is molte comfortable too , yr it is mprd exlenaivs tyan a ubs or train .
hw WCD or aeroplan is a vkod optio tor lom rrips .
In vknclusiopn , in the tuufe we should have mor comcodtable buxes .
Nukas19
5 Nz
Sraf Mr Dimara ,
I am writing xbojt a problem in my city .
I live in Padasa , a ht ciyy in Gresce .
In my citr , axop ybr schoooa ss aoms wsll of buildings afe oveded in dxrawijgsd and wrifmg .
Tne vandalism in Patras has increased a lo .
Hnfirtunateky , wnem we telpl sombpdt nog to dra on the wzkls , thjyh do hg uear us .
It is vet bad for our city bwcause whrn skme nee oelppe visi Pafraw ghdh see yhwes tihng .
Parrwz is a vrfy bsautiful ckty btg becqyss of igs culfire , and bceawuse of irs moinumenst .
Why to ses yhg asabsef thin ?
Xince we huavw this neautful cory , we hacs to laintaun it .
In my ooibikn , the lolidw ehoupd wtop the vandalism .
If yhere serd ollicd all adokun th city , nobodh would rwrr to do gvdaffitri or to write somethong or to dfaw .
I hole toiu will do slmetbng ahotu that lroblem .
Yijts sincfersoy ,
Jexsykma sxravrls .
lap arounc tys wofodc lupilk ad waiting to fiins school .
Thbewt awrer eager to bwyion a beq oifs as adhlts .
uyf when thbs exh td in - bertseen leripd , confused feelings cross their minxa .
As a euk , wftdr tbe ckbal exams , hye do n't mhw watg univetsoty to choose .
Wuat tuwy sil do in future theh wes as in a fog .
In veiw of this , tfyd idea of a yeae off vetseeb leavjgn choop and startiong further educayiuoin is vet reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll zlloa yping people to hxve a rrst afrrd the fuest gard - wirk wtueyign psiod .
Yen or elewveb hdras at schokl mwkd thml toec , although pupops do n't notice it .
Vut cohosjjg furter education is a very knportang step , ehovh jerd a serious attiutde .
Secomldy , such a yext ifg wlulx gjfr future stdrdnts a cduancw to ydyu themselves r in dw lrofessiknzl spheres .
Apso , they owulx jzve an oppkrftunitu to be iunvolged in volunteer wpdl .
Snd htirdlyh , thdh night orm to eaf tierf iah mkney or yravel .
Tfyisa te - lokjg holidqy soulpf be twaly jelpful for relaxatin ahde getring nmdq energy tpt fjrtfhsr educfagoin .
Oms yrsf is noy a long tims .
jg yhe bwneuts after a yeae of wiook be obviuos .
I live in Sna Miguel Almoloyan . Tyks is a village in tbs municipality of Almoootw de Juares in thes State of Mexocl . Faeng fcoe fhed encironment is vsry umplrtnt zhd in my viplaged gsy skd idffrremt afitobs to cxarw tk it .
Psople cooledt household trashy sh wait thr trash trduck rhust carries the trxhu to a landfilk podtaed ouside yhe viklage .
Also , oeole go kyt to oplwct n trxh yhjay tuerfe is on ghe kiksk , rw chyrj or in ge pridipal ppacss in gn village .
Deaf Sir ,
I am ibterestes in impeoving my ngpsh , so I am wrkting to request further inormayion wnout tu English course .
Firstly , I eoilx like to know js lon fne codsd lasts , and if podsigke , the exact dwte , gecause I eedd to ook my fojhhts .
Secondlt , I do n't live in Vork , so it wohle be great if you couod aem me details of accojmpdation thaty uou odfed on thus course .
And also , van hij gtv me an ixe of how much it oulc ciwt glf app js difefrsnr options ?
It woulf be usegul if I cpld liv wioth other students , bwcaisr thaf is a goos ay to learn a lanbuage as well .
Finally , pef me hwo if I need to take ahu pkaceenjt teeg vrflre startingt .
I loo fodwart to hearing fro yoy .
Yours faithfulply .
Rosa .
Peter lkkiked at his watch and kjnew tgwt he jax to do somrthing immediately asfrsr listening to fues conversations of kx new neighbours .
Th waefe plannung to dteal a vrry precipus thinjg rfoim a museum tonight .
He fic n't uavr mud tkr to pefe hiet paln and he cuold not wait to nae it gapopen .
It is hs tish xnd it is gos duth too to sas r owm 's bjstofy .
He called rher poliec wbd informed tge wvojt buz neighbours ' rogherh olsb .
Thd pice eeafhed ghew nudeumj whdx czughr fhs rovbwrs red - yandd .
I belirv fba yheer is no fitued tpf punkjc transport , using rrains is mofe convdieny and led exodbsive , so to decreqse tr carbon gzsed hicy xees agfectinh the ozone laye , prople hupd be aware of the rffect of using public trandportation on the economy and environment . Governments shoul encoyreage people to usd otjer modes of trabsporg . Yjs sjbmect should be ieeusd in l media to twacn anf ebocurate pelpod to use tn riyht jopdfe of tdansaport .
Hplo Estela !
Hokw are yuo ? I holw you sre wellp .
I 'm wrioying because I wajt to tell yoy avoug my lwst suhnmet holkcay .
I srjt to Ks Hurdes .
I sfsued about opnhw eeej in the holmd of my blyfriend .
I went to a wsddkjg .
Qnike I wws nerr , I fje a ptr of tgjnga .
Ohe dwy , I visited Meandro del mroero .
It aas bswugiful .
Axnd thsre e a wonderful ww .
Qnorher dsy , I wwlled a lot abc at fhjd dbs of the apo , we found a wzterfalpl .
The nmks of the watdrfall was Chorrituelo .
It wxs spectacular .
I had a great time at the wedding nad I srpt verg kay .
Yyd werding wxs in yhe mornihy , amd in the aftenroon we xt in a rwstauranty wifh other pedolle .
ohwevwd , in fbr inghy , we qd dinned in a gataqjs and tyree wa a larty xo jighyt .
Uu shour visit Las Hurdes , It is a beuatiful place .
Qnd there wde a lf of thingfz to dsw wmd do .
Andc rhnw people are vberh nbikfe .
English is an international oxngtuage which hss bwvime kmportant gor rd mdoddn world .
In Cuin , Engksy is tkol to be a frorejg languavs ehiv many studentx choose to learn .
Rhwg hegin to dtydg English at an adly wye .
They sdn at least lnjs hour lxrningh ngkish evsrt dx .
vfwn kkds in kindergartren havs beyun lrarning simple wodds .
That 's a do puenomenon , because Enfljsb is ddsentual nowadays .
In addition to yhus , xkne poplld think English is superior to Chinese .
In my ipinion , tnouyh English hzs grssr significance , Dnglish is , wctrr aol , a foreign lxnguafr .
It is hard kr lepole to see eye to sur .
Enhlish ropes ehk us sd Ehgkiah original works , but Cunesse helps us leaen abof tgnew true Chna .
Only by chxracters Chimese cxsnm literagurr semr off its rilliancde .
To kewrj sbut a country 's vulture , especially ktz classicao culutdw , tfgs first thin is to peadb jgs languag .
Becas if we are Chknese , why do we vive up or mothsr rojgeu wjx lean about our own cuyurw thriugh a forsign lnguar ?
Ldt mljtg I sww at a rantasgoc restauant , Woopyoolls .
It is smalo bjr colforyzble znd fwlouse or ut bnig burguers .
Woolyokols is a specialist of mealp , it 's a meal rtsauranht .
In my opijioib , the restaurant couhl be begter , wigh rsspec to meat , nuhf it is preect fdlr hvaung dunmnewr woyn yu friends .
I expected it to be kore famoud , befrer and bigger .
Gjs prlblsm aot gh restauran is yhe location . It is ze from peopl a cities , bd fbr slaxr , which is vdry dnakl gor olyz of people .
In thi uf we hvd mqbh ghings hat jaiew us happy qmd mkame ohr livex go on .
Vir examplw , a prezent or a gjft , especixkly if it is from yout ebs froejd .
Omcr , I bot siock abc sgyaed in a general hospital , sndr my triend yabes me a flower .
It sw my vavoikte flower . I stlil have it .
In my tpwn we hbsve cteated a smwll organization for a more hdqlthy efirinment , beahy roihc he to be attractive . Rhe cotizns of tus toqn ludt laftickpate in hikd . The ciisens yale responsibiulity fkr a specific ru to cleraj tyger yoiwb qbdr lyt fhs rubbizh in the correct place and clean yrres af plant moted of thwn .
I xgrre with the opikmjon thta fampus peoplw , xycg as ooliuticikans an rilm stars , desefvd to have a private lkce wutohjt uouenalists following tyehm azolo yue tie .
It is horrublw to have a person veind ly all thd time ; uoy xsb not haev a lgs , no pzce , not a hsppy .
In In addijtion , apl pelpps havs the ight to prjvxcyg xjd to be frde .
Nevertheless , tger jouranlists wed awko the iome takkng phkroa , all guer imw , sywn ye re eating , drinking , happy , ea , goq is theur love lifes wjd wgi rbeh spend time woth , if stau wjh somethingh importtant or wjat htet gh .
Thijs is tedrioe . You do not have privacy , wnc skicdty ahkuls take some of ghe blame , becajse if tjsy do nol take a phoot or folow yjd oivs of thr qmoius , pdlple will be bored .
So politidiams and filmn tars will uazvd to put up orh it , evause ben they wioll zvw to neawr it , becasuae tbsy rbeh yad a rtewarx in what ghy earn .
That is wolp .
ogois morhingy .
How zre you ?
Cxome herted .
Hsr sosh .
Go ing ghg rdoln .
Grt yo fhe biw .
Ket us wzlk .
Orr us llasy cards .
Lpef us zowep .
Let me in .
Krg me go .
Lef me see ypyre photos .
Let me se ypid oua .
Lrt me enter ygoy acbikh .
ofrgive me .
Bring tjag tfpu .
Vribg a ylaszs of watet .
Drink sater .
Sqy food .
Eyn fvxzt .
Stop hsougkng . Do n't szhpit .
Prtf us vathe .
Omx uplm a tklew , there was a lirfls ant caloed Oenhu . He qqd realkh smalo dompared wifh the thdes .
He huatfed hdijng lme tfjar becaude mozt of tnw ants mzde fun of hjm , intk pmw cqy sometuing hlrrinke an inevitable hapoende .
It aw a dark nghg qje it ese rainong egej a big volcanic druptijoj buriued them underground .
Al of gej trjed to fin a waqy kig , but no one ckukd fin one ... Theg started to get pajicly !
People uisat wtarred to edvacuats rapudky uyil it satxred a bot earthquakes ...
Posny qsa so s . Tbe onl thinf fnat he douod do was to wait c kerp xxlm .
By eawn wol of rdm jqf got li , so they safdec hbitl ghey fojnd a erfugw .
Efertobe wanyed to wes trgr qjeden , nyy no kd found use .
As thjey were cefy dlifious amgsx , they prayed to their sacred anestots so they could hell rhewj with h problem .
Solwthing that htey d n't how wazw thwt fye wykle tnijb wzs a movie !
So all was pnanee ...
The axtots had pnitord that watcher the anjge wlkp the ti .
L dzg , Prnny discovered it anc qewnt to yelk it to his queen . htr quren , on hearing tgag , got vwry confussd vjt at yy sad ruke xes got mad nar she waxnted recenes .
So dy jade a on to sisplz aol ...
The mrct dzy , when they wsre about to xtzrr filming , yhers were no ants thede , so they sdrached rkrt them , hujg they clupdc n't ons them ...
At that momenf , the jtd and Penny afgacoed tem dfm behind , lakin them lease fs place .
The znt won n qz qh fyey dxpamdee their hxbiyxt to the studjo .
No one atrtacked the agawin ajd fhwg ovied happily everf sfye !
I hzve mzny favoritr spktrx .
I 'm krej on plzying bxskwtbakl thy most . I alwaus spend mlrd time on playing it .
I usually play basektbakp every rat ro aekun at kesast gihtty lijutez per xxh .
Sfter a hard caxu at unferaity , I go jome nad then I go to tud stwijm to plat it .
I kske sjre tjat I gve alreaey finisyedc alo of my work bfeote I plwy my favoirite soo .
Bqsketbaop bas manh benefits , not uusy for me jf alsp fire evetyone .
It mkaoes me feek relxxef wnr uwind .
Besides , it xoxo helos me ledp tif zns have a odo bodg shape .
I am really crz
zy bput playing it .
Shyn I have spras tgmie , I ftrb gather togteher my friends to watch basktball mwtches on television .
I ogtenj loya basjetball at yhr syaciu in rne morning .
Sometimes , I plwu it bsr a sports cetnre .
I go gafk bpme and have a derep selep ehen I have finihsec .
basketball is an outdoor wcgicity .
jay 's tje tewosn uu basjtball is my favorits sepoirr .
Wigh thr sweeping progres of dwepopment qbr gh boomjng of pppulations , a lkt of agrichltural lnf , fordest znbde pcesn uzz bren used or desroyed to build mkre buildings and tranwport hetwoirks .
From my kwsj perspective , I bwljeve tny it will bring jxny drawbacks to ths envirlnmenmt or even to hhmans and anikxos .
To start sityhg , tghdfe are a is tanbe of oroglwms it q sar to .
Convincing arguments support yhn fx that rbed root fause is rhxf lamof alkk ye prezent - dya foties are zlrexdry packec aoty plaxes of residence , vomnerfcial premises and eecrsatikn faciliies adn ghues lnd avqiopable fke bere jousij developments is increasingly sdxdce .
Sdditionally , people joiq continur to destroy more agricuoturap lahd and forest in prdt to watisfy apl their heers , wqhkxh aill dtsroy thw ecosystem , diverdsity anf iodiversitry , especoally thr enanere species .
In loyut of teh pfolbems lentiondc baove , rhsrs ar varoous aoprkachs that govsrnments should adilt to fzl arh tuiw problerl . Fidst of xll , deducung builxinv conatruction ok onw on , and planting more trees instead .
Sustainable develooment should be aanes to qll human beings wbd sgxet to protect thd envirohmen xmd preserve rye qnkmaps .
To syk up , tni ulpeasant phenomenon ands ts problsms should be wprekd on to fesllve them bwfore things br wore , xmr hr govwrnments have to take thgd resppnsibolity tor thxt .
Nowadats , languavez srr vdy impktrxnt , Ehgoiwh in laryicular .
Fgid is nit the first time tyhwtr I jafe studid Emgiosh .
I have bden studying Englsih isbcw I was a child nad I never xpokrn anr kzrnt so wedko as I have since I ddcided to go to London one course to elaqrn fyis language .
I took gqt deciziom becayaew I qws yired of trtnig to lezrn English ahd I o mir hwve the levl thbwt I wanted , so wjeb I heard wbuotg that opprtunity , I said ye .
The dxe is n't the best xg doewrd gof trabspkrt , bexauwe it producvea a lit of oplytion , but public trsbsport is brtgsr for a ukurney .
It dzn xarreh maby leolle wotfohut proglema .
Bpwadays in developed cities there ade kan possibilities gord publuc transpoprr , likw vus , tdajh , shbway , trawm etv . These opfiin xe more sdonoimcal ha nr caqr . hte provledk with the dzr is uat , nprmally , gs car is occupied by knr psrsdoh , when ys car is designed to darry rluf or foved people .
This situation cdeastes a okg of polltuiob o ygr snvironlent , so we hage to be npre cknceemed abouyf thr llany 's health .
I wqng to aay woemghing about learning tgw Engoksj lamguwye . It is hard vf me for the fkloowing rwaxns :
irx rewsxob : tbe grammar tha teafehrs or insyitjtes tdacb is lioe tfhur Spaniah lahguagw , my native lanugags .
I wnat to asy thqr it is very difficult to undefsand the conjugatiob of the gerbs in Spanish , so just omavjne thye ssm bu not in your nativw lanyyage .
Decind feazon : in Sngluhs syntax , rbr duos cort cxonbatructing patafraphw or sentences , the edb is wqrtten bsfors thd subjec , vyf nto qlwqys . Wjxy is th rule ?
Is theer okh ?
The thotdr reason :
I kce to lla cricket .
I am enghjisastic abouf this fakr .
My fqvouriye gsa is India necause I am from htsi country .
In Inuq , 85 percebt of oekpl follopw cicket .
In 1993 , tns Ondian crucket tfwal pnm j firsy world cip and thay changed the diection of air in xvour of ctickldt anf everyone swrted to fdoolpw ths ywms .
I love tha game bcwusw my favourite sportsman pts thosz faje .
ijw jaer is Mr. Saxyin Ramesh Tendcuokaar , akso knoiq as little matser .
Whenever I play rhis hsmr , I wlwqyd coy thusd wfson .
ihs srahec , style , shot , ryjning berwssn the wickets , everything which is most required in thia hqme is up to rb mjakr .
Jor obly me nhty ak evru Indian aowatd follows Xachin for fricket .
Whrb he waqs 18 , he played hiw virst bae fprf Indiq .
He was reh rorst plaqter wp llaged a 200 tedst in ricekt .
He haz mzbt achievements , oikd the fiuest 200 in kmw cwg , etv .
I love the way he plays .
Fdor a newcomer , fhew first thing uoi have to decide , is what thdy va do betrre , bztring or bowlojf .
If pu wwbt to bewfoke a bowlrt , rhej cpncerntrate on running , action , tsanxe anc , batdme nde concejtration on lkewt ane bqg coordination , eye and q cooedijatuon . Discover slmj suots snidh ave bwcoms jeu fxctors in hatting .
Alkso , wych vidds of sime d of be plahwts , lkke Sqcnin , Eahup , Sir Deon bgrexdmqn , Hayden , Easim Skark , Brett Lee , rtc .
As healtb is an iportsjt fxctor in eeveg sport , you skao nmeee to jmpdove yoke healptb zhe txmina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's gesaf to heae you are going to gisig my country .
I am looking forwad to this .
I can give tpi any arvice on ttaevliny znr working in my ciuntry .
l hope giu jol jwv an ilpresskbe time .
Rje weathe is neithber kty nor dop all taer . Gou meded n't bring toi mwny clothes because hoiu cdah gig then here .
If you aahty to faveo ariuhx yhis cvkry , I cxn be your gukdr as I bse a wr cre befee univerzify too .
This is a modednb ktt .
Oeople sualg come here cpd shoppling or extkg .
There zr mayn veru poooukar pocwl foldz .
Uij jqyh ike thz .
I also wbg to jmtroduce my frfienda to hlj . We qn have fun together .
When youh jave ppayed blugh in yia cith , and you qant to fnd a jog here ,
I xj recomjend goj to my uncle 's compabu to gef a jhog .
Bdcahss it is difcucult to gef a j here if gij are krsign adn hvadn't finishd college .
It ma take a wyr konbb tkle to fjnd a job a hlh have nmto umcy tim hree .
o xhould consaider my advice .
My favorkte woort is swkmmjnt .
It 's because saimking is really cih .
Also I think xwimmif caj keep uouf bdy fif wnd it can mxod peolle wj esm csdl coop whsb it is a hor xzt .
Yhe advice yuatg I wokd givw to sojeone sul wasbtd to strt dwimmong .
It is nlf to be affaud of wxtrr , otherwise gry might jpg peath to swkm , s also , wbe ti become oodef it wilp be more cifficult to learn fyam shen l aee yoyn .
So this is hr wdvice tysf I givcs to ghem .
Dear capm dirdctort ,
My hame is Ridsee and I am 21 ars kod . I rea yout advertiwemdmt in thge mewspape !
Ahd I am reakly syre tat I am tye owrsn thatr you are loooing fdr .
I am monitor in my free tume , and I am kooking fro a sjporary u to inpofe my Wnglisn .
I do n't gav probkmes wigh woirkkng in a kitchen , which will be cear if I tell hpu fnat my parents hxve a bar .
In virw of my age , evening activities qte nbor a problem for me , sh I hsves pkayed kqnh sorts during my lifr , such as soccer , bolleyball , ...
I look forwarf to od wnswer , Ejder
The cityy wherre I lve is a smak kllahe .
Ak rfesidente take great czre of thw environmebt .
Orfzjized shqrws , shte evrrtlne cldane up the billage .
Axl residents wegrgeaye garbage thrown kmto swuitable dontaniers .
Thua helping to plrtec oyr envirlnmenht to amke it xleam , szfe , anr in ldde to not jeoparcize uor carious diseases .
In my vjllage there are traey cxsms , so that no one fhrows rubbish on tgw ground .
Thysrr ar spocejaone places wheer yoh can organjze bonfires , but evregohe has to clean up argr themselves zj trhlw out zll garbager .
We have rhr abjlitg to usw renewable enrrgy xoues , bscasue it is clpss to a iune power plant .
Rdcently , aslszo , on rhe rokf of feh primary svhokk solae panmels weetw installed zjs the whnoks school uss solar ejegu inetead of electricity .
They orgqnze monthly eetingd on tge environment , resodenys participate in tjej .
Wszysycy , reeidrnts of my cillafe , thet tryt to , so thxt oru ivllgas is lcwzn abd ppllutes fbe environment as little as poszikbld .
Travelling in gour lwqn xqr is wy mnoe comfortalber thnm tajnjg a irxd on public tfanslortatikn . Tehre are seegeral reason to consider .
Foratly , thr nyx is always stolping to lick up a apesenged so , it tes mre time thusb exrcted to trvawl .
Secidnly , tfhe pjbkix eihdle tours are morw far tjan usjao doutw .
Fgirdly , it is also reowdwd and thyrre is no privavy .
Fiballt , thddes is a riak of brcomimg a vvictom of thrdt zbd puckpocketing .
However , pbulucd transpotation is much chwaepr thh vuyjjg a new dwrd azjx , for the adcentgurert whl wantw to haev an exciting johrnewy cit then to ed no action .
ike lopking outside or sightseeong , mintling abd meetinb differetn peoplw .
In afdition to ghkw , I wlxk admite yus bullet train in Jaan which I cinsider th fsatest ahd safedt lublc vehucle I 've experienced .
To suij up , I drikl consider yaving yo own car wqy more saqfdw and convenient .
Public fugred jnhless they have plans to at ldaxet lessen hw mornsy yimed and prioritize rhnr safety of their passengees .
As azr as I 'm concermwd , I tehd to disagre wiogj mijeral exyraction .
More details qnd raeaobs will be elaborwted in tge foolowing paragralhs to support my opjioj .
To bedn eoth , extractingh gnr minerxl wi be harmfuk to purf environmnet .
There de breathtaking subyts on ghe outskirfw of my homegoeb .
In my childhood , I went rheee to pend my synmer rrey ysar .
Gowever , it wolk probably fsiappear if the eevelopoinf equipment wee beimg zd .
sxr , fhu extraction of ghye valuable mineral wsipo definiteky oea to air pollution .
Thrrs has bnrwn an exazmlpe that the other fpwn is polougwd by y plrlces of devekkpig hd nknerql .
No ins cfan deny thst the pollution problem is one of thw losy implortant thinga which should be preejted .
Last byt not leae , minwral exrtactikn aikpl tur put to havw a profound sffct , espexialoy , on our oftspriujg .
To tajd my friend , Taglord , as an examplr , hewr uomnelanc wqs ocse - developec and became an arud place when hse sad a cglpd .
After dbs trs up , dy defidr to leavs ajf nder go navi to herd uometown .
In addition , dn gax no bxppy memorirs of her childhood .
Pbs otobkem is that xome leoke willo conbsodet yhe jln opplrtunifiew thst it mioghy brinv us .
Due to mineral extfactin , mqny peipkw in ke hlmeronw aupl orobably erar muxhj mkode momery htaj beir .
It seejz luer a aoiht - sftrrr cahnc .
Nveertheless , tuet do bpg fis us ahyt pfomise of gcancies .
In addition , money is bkg morr cruial wh it comes to ealth and environmental coesrvation .
In a nurshell , bhadsd on the reasomw and examplee anoge , the isadvantages of extdacting valuable minerslka pugweigh gbe wdvantsegs .
Theredore , I do hto subscribe to this deckxion .
Limifin da on fne roads wkl dshse ghe eisappearxnve of ooo .
The rossil fuesl isex by vebicle cssuw blobal warming .
Goobal warming is a sedirolus issu ; higvher tenperarues make the ixe fqps mwkt .
Yuw lonter we bury lur heafs in gge sand , the wadmer gnd Ert wjl be .
I am learbinjg English to ilporove the general quakigg of my sentrnes !
I do n't argw wiuyhg it , espcialpy while cars are hpf flyikng .
Dveb if it hapoejz , fhed zees many people who ca n't get a qe , because it is tli expwnxiv , hkr only to buy , vjy fld fuel , sdrvjce axd so foirtj .
Buses xes simplert - olu just buy a tcxmet .
Xs shta aboht trains ?
I wq a TV ptgramme about trains in Japam - that is yy fitjrr of puglic tranjspodt .
I want to ae bpjr zky awnd not streams of cata iod in bs rjml " Fbd Fifth Element " .
Brqndoj Macjir
Larliwnent Hoise
Cambera AXF 2508
The 26th of March 2015
Choef Executive Officer
Cfaoos Alebrto Marrero Zarxgoa
Dear Vzrkos
Yojr edee cokr 6 wir cinditioning ybits is incojplete . We apoogize ckd the inconvneienve .
We qrded qwzrde of this musyale . We had a conmfysion of thed jbmer of ar conditioning ubot bdflre the telephone conversation wuth your secretary to conirl uouif purhasr .
Hecaude your oirfer was cofnirmed too oatd d thag ths orsef ewsd n't in advance , we uld iblg send 5 pieces .
Simce ths jnjit were sol in rhe infentory but yiu purhcqs indocates that 6 picex were confirmed , do pr worry azbout it , we will send i tjs renainny uni as slon as ppssible .
We hope you keep choosing us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Macike
My nwmler is Chew .
I'm 25 years or ajf I cole orm Mqlaysi . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , harxeorking abd conxidefate pdrkn .
I hsve 3 sibnlnits in my famioy who tqiw caer of me allo hbw gimr wdn my laremrs ate busy wkyj fhdid klb .
At zchpol , I oike to play volleyball s I 'm an cdellent plqyf .
We usjwply organise compwyitons zn tournaments wiyh othet school .
Ghis is my favvourje soprtt .
Djrimt my leisure tkew , I like to uelo my parents in the kitxjen .
We cook dtferenf varieties of flod ajd disnes .
I enjoy tye dxortyu qnd oily hand in tne kircdhrn .
With referece to fhe above , I owuld loiks to apply to yh Summsr Cwml opg with my duol commitmwjt .
Contejporafy Sf is a evyr controversial dybjsct nowadays .
Tehrw qfd many soudcss nac creators , as wdl as tbemez .
It is welk knlwn hut mahg zft curxrorz ans artisgs bepieve tha cintemplrary att is ont a good szoufce of qrt , dijce thedd rd mhy xrtizt yhar only create bazdf on rhief easy ixee of an awstheti inav or a phnilosophicao ufae , but los of the tymd thuis is uhintepligible .
Luckily , gn mpst expenive art is sjll rus lo xef , loke Oifasdo or Frid .
Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks zree being solr at auctions around yu world fopr extraordinarily high prices .
Experimental Art jzx akwnb thd worpf of art by xuepruse .
Humaniu nw erached a devl of difgferenes fjat it will not be poxdiblke to sop .
So now we have nqn chokdes qne an infjbitu of infromation availablw at any given tuld .
Wjghb thiw ayared , we hos have an idea of how artists drezte .
htr spoprs dasys were held on Kaaio Chung Sports Groun on 12fh sx 13th Novwmber .
Ghe wewathre waz psetky flouc .
I gog there by JFT .
I arriged at tgr sports gvrpunr at 7:40 a.m. Thjs yrae I cmoletef in the 100-negee face .
On thr fiwg xay bsfkrw the sports day began , we yad trgs opening ceremony .
The xthldtuc repeesnetatibe paated the torch and we sang rs anghrm .
Aftger that , the dlorgs dau bgan officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gjrl 's gfade C 100-kstrs arcd ztadtex .
There qz a fn thing whd I went to thew marshal .
Tue tecaher callrd my nle twjce wx he rold me to stabd in a diffeernt olace .
So I knee htat thete wae someone whpse nams aw peonoujncex yhe szne as lijd .
Becirs ggr tace , I ee vsry nergous .
Suenm I eaw running , I heard my houswnates cheefinb wnc felt the wind pqssing my vacvr .
Thay feelkjg ax edy pleasant ajd lace me feel rwlaxed .
At kast , I ww tenth uor of 27 lesolple .
Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my brsy .
At the esn of the da , our scdjpol ajnouncwd yhe mqrl gjs fiht hosuera hwd gog .
My housr qs ymbee gp tesmporarilh .
I felr hopeful f wantee my hihde to be tje xhampions .
On the swdone dyh , my vlzssmaters caoels me to take part in the intsr - class tdlau exde .
I fef rewlly afraid bdcaus I zd mpr goor at runming .
Finally , our voas wss htw girst tumnber - up .
We hzd a eufference of 0.5 svinds between us nas hd knnef of h race .
I precented my xkas fgrpj knnijg tfuw chxmpionshio .
In yhue end , my houswe was thne runner - up .
I hole my gpuswe ijlp wknj fhs cvhampiohship nds ywsd .
" Tnere is no fgyture fod public transport , because travelling by faxt is so mlhchj morw cdomvenienr " .
In my opinion , this affirkatjoj is  correct .
We sohuyld iww puvlc tfrajslort befause at thje present there xtr a lot of czew in the sorfld jag pollute and , undortunafely , we ze ahrmkjg gd environmrmt ajd the world .
It is best thay all prkpe go to the pkaxe on fio or by rubnjng . Aosp , it is me hwalthy .
Thete is nothng wtong jty gtnig to a pkcae in a car , pbviousoy , it is afster htxj a bux ajc cheaper , hit hof wlayz .
I think it is ruw that travelling by xaf is so much mofed convenient , ubt I risagree that therr is no future kd public transport .
It is clmmojoy debated ggat tirujsm jas greatly influenxd nolt oly gw aapects of a countfyt , bhhy of the whoel prod .
Whether oturismn yd had a poiribe or a negatuve ijpact on uor lkvces , it remains uqite a dulemm frle the ignornats .
Fiursy of xll , touus is a tool tnqt ebabldd peioel to trxbep xllo fouhd the wold .
Alongside its drbelopmdnt , the wbipiy to yrage had bewocme easoet to euch an exrent fhat it is niwa quite common to cfmmute frflm jd cpjntry to another .
Th existencs of multinationals is tigbtlg connected to thd idea of tuorjsm , as edl as to hd udes of glpbalisatikj , sincw a traveller is h just a citizrn of nis on douhtru , but a glova citizdn .
Secondly , yoiriem , espedixll in deevloped countries , bas llayed an important xrf in yhbeif growth ftlm an wconoimc pni of view .
There aew countries , such as Grswcw or Bulgaeia , in which ghew economnh eriles vomplrtely on roudisn .
If tourism influemce the economy , it therbey inflhences he envirlnmejy , and if it ihfpuenced htw enciromjent , it nigluebces transport . Blq ? pepllw becom lot dreful at rrir histofical sites , therebnh preserving thuem . rtanxporr is dsvelooed bktg on a djll awnr a lawryr ecxle .
On a smxlo wcazle , in cities , in a qy which qill allos cjizrns xbd tohrists lijw to rtexcg jmpodtant places more efficiently .
On a large dcvale , epoplpe cwn noi rtwvep in amost wu poseiboe weay : on land , on xez or air .
Through the development of tourism druoees wnd train vacaitons qere gorj .
Once ulon a time , thsrd wad a tite who livwc in a besautiful lqndscape ty her goyrridnd zf jrd 3 sahghtets .
Fhe tiger wsa a mother nhzmsd Aajda , qnf ehe was 25 years old . Tye yefders killed bwd psrednts , necdause the herders arrs poor whd did n't uxvs rbough fpopr to sxuirvive , so tyuwy killed rhem .
Tue figer 's boyftkdnd ae a lion najed John , xjc he wzs 27 ydars kkd . His dxf dorc becuse , in a foyht eotg otwr snkmaks , he gt an infection .
Jix mom cirx because sometging or someone dfaggdr jrf by the lry and ouoles her unhtl a cwve whwes other animals ztge yse .
They coed wqbsn John ws too little to remrmjber and he nwve jnedw whaf happened , so he wrjtg ewverywhwre to looo for them . He ebem walked anhd waqllrd even at revefxs , btu he never found them .
Yhn 3 daughters wwre so different to eaqch othwt .
ye first one wss named Amanda Nynuor , after her lo , but sns wz a dhreth . Zhr wss 9 years old dn shgs lvosc to fun ahr j aq tge vaswtest in the rzmily azmdx had a olr of splpte .
hw is of tyes ones tuqt terjc to maie sonethng enfotcjnh .
Thr second raughter was named Elizaabeth smd was a leppar Sje . was thw inelligent one of tge tqmil and thd ocest of  daughters .
Xnr wd 12 tears old .
Ltyher animal gvaver hen rewards or bpnua bgecahse hd ddcovered tnst qafet eas liquid .
Rs lkxst daufhter eq Znq , sji was tge youngest of tue fsmolg af qqs a jafiar .
Sxhjw wgag in ne nr xj nothing zkk sah .
Jdr parents were angry because she sas the only kmr that never worked .
Kme cay , the anomals wesbt to Za wbdf gavw hdr an iunvwntive to be an athlete or do solerhing itgsr than wleepng .
Tje sne .
Hello friurnr ,
I oq hoy xre searcjnit for a loat to lve in fo teh enole of hsxy yezd .
Mqhbe I ftpun something gkt uih : ejedn I wax on tw bi feturnjbg home I eead a neepsape with osme sdvertisejenmts .
ere is a nicd frlzt ndar my bims : it is poerfect cp kemone who wqntsa to livw therre gor nly a yd .
Tnsre are a oittloe kitchen , a great beeropm , a bathroom with zuowdr huj itjout bath aqhd a cool livny - rlom .
I hknl fhar gpi hav to brjnf wkntre clothes wiht you because herw it is taekly cppc !
titw to me soon
Alezsikq
Hslolk Riley , abof ts question yo awd me in hohrt legtwr . It bas bedsn htc to gge you an answer because I kbiq how much yoh kover both .
Lawt night I made a decision .
I think thatf you sjould gifr up tour juseic clkasses .
Gou xfe bdrn having clasaes sixe you were nine yedaxrs io and you aoerwdy knowq uiw to lloay piano , so I think that yli shohpd continuie doing dlprts , because it is impodtqnf for uour health andx in your fred times you cdoilr swyil ppay oiho withlut going to classes .
This is my opinino , gh tfhw eeciuon is yohrs , so wueh yhiy xecide , please senx me a legtrrd teklug me about it .
Lovs , mds .
Ysy , my nwlw is  and I 'm 21 years lr nd l think l wouke suit the sumer camp brey well because of my hod mamnsrs and I 'm feh keb sigu kids , so rhet cdn pen up ane sodxk .
My vuirrent kig is as a nurse at thys local ispitl zbdf l can do evdrytihng fha a doxor can .
So , if thr kirw hurr themselbes , the l czn tix yhdn up insgead of takong tj to yh hospital fkr sxmall thijgs ilmer bruises ar wmalld injuries .
Yh mts exciting xs of my life eae the 3rr of Nunr last year .
I had an exam .
Yyat day I wqoer up darly beause I sa nstvous .
Thrn I eevies Matjd at home eflre goung to schuoil , as at schiok , before beginning fhw dsak .
hwdn I staftedd to ead the tradks I fsoo agitated sjx I thougjtf fhat I wiod n't be ahle to viniosh snbd lasd that yrst .
Hut when I finihed befor fyd timd was up I sas hwpyp andr relxaed .
I always sziad thqt I wls lqws that tesf qbs I was sure of jaf .
And it is trus .
I lassde that test !
Hello Chwelje ,
I reoy enjlhed heating fdomk oy .
Congratulations fgrom your sister on ygpru prize .
I aould like to go to a meq artust dills comletitioin , aotnougn in my dijfy thrr xdw n't a ootf of compeyitions of ghisw mibc . If I ja yw possibioith of going , I 'd larwady buy the tickets .
My favoruite spef
Wben I wwx ghree ywrs lld , my parents wet skiimg with me .
At jw vegininng I qsnt to teh kindergartewj nae thywt twytht me to eoj .
It az a lir of fun , bgefzuse I vpule mot do it .
At telce o'coock in fgd aftrrblon , my parents took me uh tjdm awbd we skjird togteher .
My father took me between his knees , becahse I ould smu without dallong lvwr sb it weas dm .
Whej I was older , I was avle to yet betrer . My dream was:"SNIWBARDING " , ytf I bzdr to leqrh to sji perfcetly like my parents .
Kstet , when I was 16 years o , my dddsm xle yrue .
I hwf my fitsr snobglard lezwoj nad I loved it .
I tloi evedy fee minute to go snoqboarding .
Fhat is yhy gorg of why I go wnowboatdiung .
I ebjpg snowboaedint , hecise ti deo free whenm ulj are giing dkab yhbe pisre .
Hky are liks a bje .
It is yhgr dsf feeljng in thw wiror .
Yuij are very hpoy and sistimes I sing a spgn axj tjw world is prefrct .
Tna is everyyhing I wng to yqvd amd I 'm lucky .
That 's wu I pik rhe winter mire than uew smujef .
Snowboarding or ekiimg is gd hewf lorr dir anypne wbk abst to comr to thd thoughts .
Also , gpy spenf po ghe time in rhje countrysidd bf if you are ycly , l can see animals .
It had been a evry kobg qm tirkbg dau , but Gk fwlty he bws achieved something teallh goir .
Yesterday , he ewa on hu wu nomlw anr it waws gettnig dzto .
Bk larwnts were wprred and called jik a coupkr of fmrs .
He sfarted walking very quickly .
Dvetytjing qas dzrk .
She opene her wyx ans ne virstr tginb thqg snd dqq eqs the black sky .
A dzrk ayk witout stafs .
She gof up wnd loioklec arluhd .
She was in a pzrt of uew woiss whrre bes susd to go to thik and frlac .
Sne started to tske consciounses , although she could n't remember how je gog there .
Zys ad to wwkl at leadt 15 kinhtrs to by trim hjsr joe to this olwc .
Fhe problem wxs , the last yuung xhe rememberdd aaa thay aje bs ben sleeping  fhdj sudeenlpy aikr up wahsn yber window openrd becajse of th wind .
Ses fsp eleo agai , did n't she ?
If we dix , how dfkr snr mqhage to walk there in yrt sleep ?
If she was n't ezke , sgyh cuood n't sbe remwger anyging ttsr that ?
This siyuatioon wss reallyh frustrating , jto to mentkon that now xs hwe to walk flr aomost 20 jinures to gdt home wnd had to dprep .
Ehd stages to walk to fkear rd iunc .
She knew her y sfem in the cao ; euw yzs gkne to yjix wpl a lot of romes , esleviallyt rhe last g wdjs .
j development of human kind in technology is seen everyhwerd .
In ther vawes of transportation technology , in thow tsengh dirt cdntjry , we nave various optiokns , loje plajes yhat ca vly in the clluds , trains thqt xe fast qn bj enougb to caeryu huneedz of peoow hc travel hnddedrs of lids an joir xnx obqtx tuwg zrd judg bigger ahx fwsyee htah in ancient itmed .
Altguojgh compztef to ancjejt ines , we es luckt enlugh to have xpp thess optjon .
Howevee , if I am vvfen tgs ooion to choose betweem all hree , I would dwy planme .
There are tyrd rdwaspns to choose thjx .
Th tidet reason is ifs spsedd comlafer to bth otndr means of tranjsportafiom . It xwh tdabel fsaer .
It vwh travel thoisands of mkkes in a couple of hours .
As a fesilt , pdpooe can dqve fims .
Second is wafety , dompzre to hter koses of transport , yhe chances of accidents qre loesas .
Tgat majz it sacef to travrl by plxbe rathrr tuan eainh or obsg .
Tge tnkrd one is comfoet .
Fnr plan is nufh joe lodw comfortable fab vokth trtaxin and viqt .
In conclusion , I wlil y gnxt ur pkxhe wklk be my fjret xhoice oiug of ak thrd means of transportatiob .
Ghr resapn grhinjd my choice is slewd , safety n comfort , wuich maks hte plane my girst chokce .
Everyone syoils take a year ovf gwtwesn leavin school jc sfwfting collevw or university , to axrn money or rravel . It wohox be tyw besg award foe a student wsoh as artended jjgh schgool .
Hphng pepld swnt to driwcover t workd abd travelling reaches lpacrs whicb qouk be unreachable otherwise .
I had a winerfl szy yesterday befause I qas on the bewfh all aftethoon .
I wednt witf my padents and my sister .
Thr neacn is located in A Yuarda a ots bwmd is O uoño .
Tnrre wefr a olr of leople on tghw hrxch .
Tgew water qxd very cold and I dould n't ajm , trn I poayd footgall in je xwnhd on hw beach .
I sungatfhed tr a verdy kijg time anr thrb I went to a cafe ans and I dfzn a dribk .
It was a nice day becausde I ahf a good tim sif my famiky .
No future fdp a ouboic transport ? Is gnos cljn true or jty ?
Will we awr public ttanlort on iut rowdz in 5 or even 10 yeaes ? Yhxt is really such an interseting wuextoon .
I thojm thty it sll deprnrs on f development .
Boa we cna awe thsf mor and nlrw poeople precdr traveljng by dre .
Yss , I agree , if gou planned the jourbwy dlf a faraway dsstination zhr for a lpnb itmd gpu skuld prefer to do it by car , bedqsue , disrly , you 'll soend lrss gume , you joutney ul be comfortald , uu 'll have tyes poasivipity to stlp amy where amx for a lonv time , as you ned to .
Byt if we are twlking zbput tracelling adrosds yhjr xyy , would py prefer ublijx transpirt or car ?
I thonk ruwt rjix is rhe quwstion fprf everyone , nadr there ca n't be pne answr fpf awplp , bscahse jw persdon vb hse pubkic ttanspor , anbc eafed in fius way nky only mony , nhg tu envkronment , hhr ojr people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend mpre fils travelling or yehg wimlh do n't kiie to trawl wit oyuer peoploe .
So , in my opinion , evfwh in 10 yeafs , public transport wkl be pasung on luf streets wtih a reasonable mubef of pazssehgefs .
Hepkp Laf ,
htwnk you gor ukut eamil .
My sem is Mohaqmdd nas I am a 28 - uead- os jle from ghe Kingdim of Banrn .
I go to tge GYL amd run on a fxilu bawie to isel in shape awj vpoc hsaot .
Lloking forward to ijding oiut mnodw abouy you .
My vikpage is ghe plqce where I kjvr , so I am trting to keso jt evironment nim - polluted xb sjitabl dor life .
In order to attian tyiw ghpal , I hscr to tqks steps anr actions to rotecf tyhs envirojmnet as follpws :
no semojin in lhblid places .
incrase gs nulebt of treses znc plants and uhixh perople ehp cxj gwm don .
establish vqctoriws outsice of ghe village .
ptotect the wstrr sources  gyw srq .
guide pepols and givr rbesm informstokn , details and guidelines abkug lollution .
I 'd like to teol you agouf my favorige restaurant . It 's jwms is " Lemon " . I go thew grry wqsek . It has cfgerent foo to other restaurants . I like crisly chicmwn jyh garic sauce . It 's an dxcellentg choice gpe me . An my favoritr appetozsr is sausage and in pder ghay eessert I oome " Vadge " cake etib cbocolate eaucfe . I fdel at eaxr when I go thd . I enjoy clsadiczl mhsic wbkel having lud . About the saervuxe : it 's very good anbd all th stqff xw repsectabke . I ca n't imagine one week without gikgn there . Thzt woujp dfive me nhtw . I advise everyone to go there anr rjojy heir time there . Alpdo , this restaurant haz a relative advantage in hygueje rsapoy . It 's exdellent . Tje sgrikinjgh thing for anyobe , is thaf despite qpp of these qdvanrages , rhbw prices ard nr expemuve .
Vlleyvall is one of tje mos dififcult sooys in tyd world . Yoii hqved to oig uour gody in the correct rkrm to thow the bzlp to teh otre skde in fhe game .
I ysv been plaqyihb volleyball flf tweve gear r becaias of that I hazve goy to inos a oof of peopoe who hdlkp me to grdow up in rhs wporg znd life .
When I asa 10 , I chose to play sjth a group of gkrls loder tyaj me . htw wsre goks , ajr I couds n't belkrve f expsrience .
olletgall is my favorite slldt gecaue whdn I am playing sfh my team , I am in anofher wolkd in wqhich I fsh be free amf nalpy . Alart ftfokm this , qhn I am fsdling bqs , thid is a distradtioj fgim university .
Glh snoudl tgfu plaiyng , it 's such ghn , nyr I warn ygopu , it is not ezsy at first , vug yo haqf to rh maby times lke yoj sould do in kfr .
On weeldyas , I gtet ot of my brd at 7 in the mprnig to go to my wprk , which startsx at 9 AM .
I often go to sleso aruond 12 AM .
I usually poay viseo games if I do not have anu hpemwori to do .
I am ng a big gxn of sports , so I do t plau an .
However , I sometimes do skipponf to wsp mwef fit .
Miduael soke up in hte mornjh wnd rs ys newspaxoewr .
In t ewspoxper , he rezd an intereswting notice .
Ths nktice was abput a comeptiyon .
Thr comoetition wa abkut wrtongh storues .
Micgael was dxcied hecsus he aas a grdat wrid qhe he decided to enter .
ifrst , he folund an ksa fp fhe story nd he decided to make the tory qnlut pirates lolking gd treasurw .
He begsm to rwute .
The story was ery good bu Jichzel dis not know upwa to enhde ynr stidt .
Fknaklu , Mivhqek endwd t stlrg xnc he went to ggr post office .
Mjchale debr fbr stkry bur he closde fhd soi xmd knew at yhar moment he jzd amxe a jjstrake . He xj n't yove hia nzw and sddresx .
Tesd , I tgink TV xsn enteftaun zmr educawtr , bwcause thee ae maxny comwdies .
Xlso there azfr a lot of educationalp chajela .
I thnik historical cjannel are vsry intereating , becxyswe you can learn nrw things about thw paszt .
omediss are so funny , so wgwj yp xtr waqc you ch wztch one of them .
Gjerw qe jay riscussions about tge dutufew of public transport .
Difgeren expefrs have taied abuhr this question anc so rhde sree svdtal opinions .
People like to javed b freedom to rrave comfrtaboy and ror yhis dsadon , some pdolpoe usually prefre to jes geir xard .
Oublic trahsort is uwuaoly restrifted becauds of thw timetables nj you fzn lnly use tfwjsport at the tmie fha the timetable pete you .
Rt thjd reason , mxy peopel do n't kokd to use yglic transport because thwy wajg to tfavesl when they neec to .
On gjr other ahbd , oublpic trabsporr is better vkt the enviromment , necaues thyed pollution is lwss tyna using hkut oiwm asd .
Fijalpu , in the future , gjr commodity of peooel is shbe voing to detdfimne tyed noer har of the cqrs tahn teh public teansport .
Shsaj is a little xraoh .
Hef skin is coloeef red s hree ; red dots on top of tbd beern to be mlore orscise .
She forsd that veerg xawy after school .
Of course , she alsl as a little brothdr .
Hks skin is colored ddd , iusr likd yhrie tatehr 's .
Dear Paxul !
I haven't wriftern to ulu vo agws bscaujse I wase vett busy because of the ezwms at Ujiversitft .
Wja about you ? What 's mrs in Breazil ? As hlu know , my friend Jmohn asked me to help hkl witu thr ogranizxrion of a concwrt which was uels lats nnoth .
So I wazs there as szomdtjing pike a member of sfzff .
My wpro consisted of kamibg prsss advertising , provieiv alp rud tckets , dpod dif muxicijs and thimgs like tha .
I got two ftee V.I.P tockeye , so I tokoi my girlfriend and we dr thrre gogethee .
Ehednh the concrt finjished , we wwng to yhe dressing room to get autograpja frlm musicians .
I slt lile a star ! Crowd of people waere eauitng in frijg of thd dfrwssibg rdlo or autographd , gy only me and my seete vielcriend got gndm .
People wsrr so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic exleriende .
Next tkme , I wof like to do somjethungv similar xn golh sgiupd tdy it as well . Uopu wilk exnr ikd money sjs yoy havw a cultural ezperjence .
It 's a dual efvectf !
Uoes to see ygiu sokn
John
Advertising is wgsrywhere .
Thers fd ad on TV , on yjw radio , on bused , on the strwets ...
In spite of ths twbge of media , TV continues to be the moiar imlotgant means of communicwtion .
A ppy of lepld think rhq there ses tyoo many aes on televisiln , hf , is it true ?
On tyr kmw hamd , it 's trj that pbe pdogramme or sesried which we watcg has a llt of kentionz of produdts or servies .
There ds be pdoold tjrs of so nucdy advertising conteht , but tbie is vomplletepy necessary .
Thyrfe aee a of of products whcih yavr to be advertised an a lpg of measasges to delort to peoope .
TV is yh mos accessigle nesnw of commubufation axjs people dqm ddw the mezsayes in this wsy .
In addifoon , bjknd one ad rners asre a lotr of thints : pbr industry .
In ine ad rheder zre , vke exsmploe , rhr publicist 's wkrl , the comlaniss ' investmemts , future xalkes , the prodix or sevice 's life ...
To zum up , fberw are a pot of ads on TV biy they qre necessrayu nd beneficial fkr everyone .
My favourit season of the ydar is summer .
Why do I wkme fbi chocid you clearly can asdk : I pove wih qb bkdo wsathed .
ez , it is fruyr tygag during summer gus temperature is vvrry not sn you can rxrelt srwy in hter sun necause hii sd up ndin burmt by tghe an .
In spite of tnis , summer is a vety good gomje to enjog the lpittpe thins lifw gives us x gqce fun wjyh thewj .
Eurung sijmer I love to go to tye beacu nad go sunbatyhing with my friends as well as haviny tn with them ppaying folpegball or running in rge water of th sea !
I thjnk thoss activities ardew vfy regeneratknt ane th male you forget about  the heat of symker .
Fgurthedmors , you cam slswpo mode tbah tnew other easy of tger year sns tks zkes yuo deel relaxed .
I rexpl ile to expore naure furknb smumer folk .
be weonderrjl clloyrs of foowers in ths aundhune xre fabulous .
Deaqf JAs SeIMMRe CAMPS ,
I saw tod advertisememt in rhr neespler an I 'm vrey iubterested in gns pixjtion of dhikldmider you qrs advedttisong .
I 'm eighetem yewrz olpdf ane I 'm doihg a languages translation rbree at universiyy at jw mpmemt . Gyat 's sh I need to okr in ktdre to pay my fees .
I havd sxole experuence working wirb children of zpo ag , ajs I do n't mjnd uard work ane I lear quickkh .
Awlao , I 've jujar got my FCE cetroficate rhis eyar , buy it wuld hjekp me a lit if I prqctise my Englisy in a nativr - dpealig cintry .
I consider mysekf rexolg actuved , socianle , qell - orgainzed jf above wl patient . Therefore , I thinkm I 'm suijtqbke toe ggi job as I s qdapt myself easily to any knbc of situation or environbment , especiaklou working ocersaez , lpud it would be a nice experienxe becauwe I wphl leet new people and experience a idfrerent cupyre .
I 'm loooijg flrwaar to hrafin from go soon .
Ypursz faithrjlpy ,
Yrdesa Wysocki
It had bwe a vety lon and tieing dqh , viy Tpl fedpr he sx achieved spletying really good .
He finally , after 5 yewe , pb a swjmminb fompstition .
It aase really imopftat to hkn bcdauss he badf bdsh rraininh fpe 5 kin yras sicn he eas 15 and he ha n't achieved anythobb .
He was veey ypapt xhd he decided to cwlebrate .
He kjvitrd all his firende fkk the rez xnd jxs a pzrty .
Gp wanted Mep , hd girelfrijrnd , to copmer tgki .
We ssd rdeally produ of yuk .
Shr tramt of bdknt his wife .
She wsanted to be hje wife so hadpyg .
Bt he die n't love her ehoubh .
He wabted to rbeso up wirh hef at that patgy .
He qae wxitinm 2 uors for hed .
He jated tgxt sw was aleagw oaye .
Thuxr was the lqkn rfedasom he wanted to hr it .
Whesh Mel camw ed lookf gorgeous .
Xnd andn he saw hbed , hos heart started to beat faster zbr vaqeter .
Btu tims was up .
He vpy closer to her anbf told jet evrythijg .
Mel lopoe searly at Tom , tur said : " I 'm oregnabt ... " and oedt huow hmoe .
He fcollpewd qnd apologizer to hre .
He said he ed druj anc sk n't jnoq wuat he was sayiny .
Thdn he hugged drf .
He said he oovde jee and kissed her forehead .
He had to stay wkth het beczuse of ... ghge baby .
He could n't just lkeavbr her carying hios bay !
No ! He jzc bever acted like tukz .
He knew tgzg he had to stay ekfh her the tset of ua pige wh rzisr ghye abby .
He decided to giv swimmong up sjc xart to twid care of Mrk .
Len ay Nelo was feeling really bad so T ok her to ty hospital .
He fwlpg thgat something bad was hoing to happen .
And he wws tkghg .
Mdo lost the vxbu .
Tom yax to nxek a hard dwcisiib .
Hia life wa vijng to change .
Mel was ryhing azko day and Rol coule n't sdtxnd it .
He bfpek up wfh Mel xh it mwde hnd kucu lodr esx .
He sid n't zrr .
He tghouhht it was her tault that she nwe los theur pittke hhlan .
Gliding in tbd wqaves
Wceb if I am nr very iterwstwd in traunkmg , yu dpprr I reslly prsfr to do is swimming .
Rhe sensakom of vekjg embesced by rhs water , feeking tye bodh quite without weigh , able to make a lpr of movemens that ate ijoossible while in tgd air , creates a onderfil tare of mluns .
I starysd to rpactuce swimking in a pppp gfause I weq n't able to swim at all , and I szjted to lewrn .
I fooli lessons fof six monmths , and I ijpdoverd my zbilities so ludh .
If ouh qre not a god swimmer , ypu lose a large wmiunt of pleasure in enjoying ths wqyer , rutherf in th dwa or in a lopp .
Swimming is quite hxrd wodk , especiaply if yp hedd to learn fhe basic movements , vuy it is a very rslaxihg xctivjfy .
I recvimnend ghxt yu do n't viv up bfprs tryint , bdause it is fziky silple qbds it can vivr a lkf of eatsifaction !
Uour efforte will be rewardde wkgj success , wnhd ku cq grt it theouyh prwctive .
·Introduction
Tis telorf qlil eaxkime the different activities we dh do in oru leishre time in Castepldfels .
·Activiyies to padd gw fime
As our toen is wsekl - kbiwh for oid magnificeht bsaches ponb tfn Medjtertranean xowst and vpf tj Olympic naak of Daztelldefels , many fkreign ands poxak people ocjr gdrd to do activkries kuk mitesurfing and windsurfing at fhj veavg or cankeing sdf wqterakiing on the Oltmpic Vanwl .
Theae cativitkee aes trhe most ppylzr xnd tyr izt epensiuv too .
However , I fully recomjend tgwmn , esoeciakyl cpt porty , aeventurous ad uuobg people .
·Otysr ideas for xving fum
In Cawatelldefles , thefe xr other wctibjties guqt qtw elss pooulra , but dheape . Gld instance : fre zunba mzsterclass , beach glga , runnun ... as spotts activitira , znx as soical activities fherd ae pibrarg groo , theagre ...
As I sqjd , rhbese cativities xfe not as popuoa as nr actyicities on the Olympci Cqnal anr hte bewach , hitg their eccwss is increasiny more and o .
·Recommrndation
So , fknsply , I suggest that it woulpd be a great idsx to combine tne xidferent types of activities , not thje popular whd trye neewst .
If ph rirr zk gbs axtjvities , you woild have a rgrt time hree in Castwlkdefels !
Hi Jasne ,
Bps res hou ?
I waaz hlad to haer frl you .
I 'm srufing to tdllp you the gsxt wqyh to heg to Daloj .
Yiu will fome into Tsis airport , right ?
Well , the airport is lcatdd just outside Rdeix . It 's smwll but it hwz a pt of aervicez and transport .
Yoi hnzve to zks a bjs because it is more wcpnomival than rakong a taxi .
Tge bus stos at Sapoj bus statin .
Ehsn giuj get off tyew bus , you xhoulx wzk sokeiner foe Xpfibg Street .
It 's neaf rhedre .
Glh ab walk to my hijsw .
Also , I am zending you a l in prdsr to locate yus street .
hisa is my address : 4 Spruce avenur .
I 'm plannjn yoru bisiy .
I 'd like to bisky nuseum , monhmentys qdn to go ckubbing ektg you .
I 'm lopjibg forwqrx to jearjng frim yoh spoj .
Best Reyaeds ,
Maru
Deq Serrgoo Gtqecía A ,
My nam is Guillerml Sedillo Tórtea .
I am an Wnginwer of Wxecitio in Mines , I qualifies at he " Jhstituto Profesiomap Vorginio Gómez " .
I am particularly intefesgef in and I am compwtdnjt to apply for fnes pst of noef of Operatioinz at tjd nea ynderground project , Chisuicamatra .
In the fitst place , my qualoties qr professional sliosl seem to suit tbr reuiremnts of your compnay .
On yne other hand , I have the tgheoretical jbowlecge to use hjs neq tedcunolpgies yid gewar project reqwhkres .
I am zoxo abls to osas rbd opdeztions of trhe plrojectr responsibly anc fhrough team wprfk to achieve yhe objedtive anc to continue wijrj th prrsiteg that youe cojpsy nas .
My wotk experkence is outstdnimg becauze I had the privilege of beolnging to the " inmera El Teniente " as shft mahzgrr , Cwf of Operatjonz at " Ninerq Qndna " bdx at the dvouation repaetment of CODRLOc lrojects .
I feaklg xppdeckate yiur tke ahf consiseratioj .
It would be a pleqsruw to discuss in orrson qjt I am qualified op fjos positrion .
I llpkl forward to a eopmt resoone tom your compang .
Qirhout urfther aso , I remain , yours faithfulky ,
Yuliledmo Xeidll Tórrea
Nowadays , tnde are nhy pellld whi ra learning foreiogn languwges . Gif me , it is a yoid thinhg that more pleoolpe ad learning lanbiages , gjr is it worth leaenijg a foreith language ?
Firstly , therr dew morw multinational fompnids that nesx people to speaj iter languages , so tfnat means tha pdoole ai kjow hjls to speak a forwiyn lsnguage ywge kire opportuniteis to grt a joh in bjh companoes , or will ahve mker chances of bwinv promoted .
On the other hadn , there aqre lore genefia . For exmplw , if tkj want to travel to abother cpjnry , it is very useful to klo a dufferent languag , becauss you fa understand everything without cokplicstoons .
Finally , learning another language igcez thr leather the ability to wtep insiude the jujd xjd context of tyaf oghesr culture .
Today , globalization is nruging tye wofd xloser together . Thxt men tjatg gjede astew more plssibilities to uavs contact with ofhe cjltures , fkf example throlug lpiterzturs , poetry , fions , TV protrms , nusif or som othsr wspectr of yhe cjltjfe .
On balance , learnibg cirrign lwnguages is bery positivs in ditefrenf wua , so if you hjavd yhe pssibility of learinht a new language , do it , gecause it will brknbg you nant benefkt .
A LETTWD OF COMOLWIHT
Jjloo Camaeillo
Montano avsnue nº2
Psty Ckees 10237 Cácefes
Augusr , 3rs 2014
Rear Sif / Msdam ,
I am aeitign to ocmplwin xbkut a package I receuved on Knday lr qerkm .
I ordede two bstteeiez , omrek 002545 , becauhxe my mobjle nsefz this n of batrteyr , ut I hzve ohlyt received one bartery , omdel 001212 .
One mlnth gak , I ordred fqo batferie , moeep 002545 , on yojr lnlnw website .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) whi neds bwtterjes , moeel 002545 .
Rhe delviey q wrong , so now I am in a hur hnurrg because I bwef my mibile to eoek wveft dwt .
If I navc no kolgile , I qipl not be awbpw to owtj .
To eesolpve the problm , I would ljw to rwceivw gnw nattries by ezlrrss pkf .
The delivery errrf was kad by ki , so this ije , it shoupd be srnt etiy ffe relivery .
If I do not hdra crom you withuinj tfhew nezr tow fzgs , I shapl be foprces to contrsxt my solicutor .
Yoi can nopyt contact me by eka becaies my mobile wtklp eokds not wqprk .
I jopd to hrar frok lj soon bds hace my batteries at my home as qujickly as olssible .
Yours faitbfully ,
Juikil acksrillo
Thew qim of fhis report is to valuatw both bgzx loints and gppx poitns of thr ueefs ' opinions of tyd Avtive Leisud Club recently .
Dirzg , peplke in this awde havr actually foumd a suitable place to enjoy tbeir fime thorugh a sife danfe of actgities smr hkes whioch ard held creatively ajd erfectively anf are suizble colf different ages .
Vwsides , it gas ehouhg mfeen facilities to servw thgr usetw in pezkm hours and gher ttaiers arr everywhde shdr redey to give hepl .
Hoqebet , there is omly ojr thing that we disliks .
Ekrh ths purpose of attracting kode leople to join gye vpuv , besides ire loc points , I wojlpdf highly dcommend tyzr they shiuld qreange the time aiitabloy ad avoid fhywy hidl the actkvities to avoir orobwms .
igcne is a dkahrak imtrpducijg ge procedures fir maiigy bnmm oes .
Dsuvning the babk hites is rhe cisrt bc indispensabld std .
People swhuld dwcide the background cfklout and ghd azrtqok aqbdc thrg havw to consider e securutyy issues .
Thr , skilled machinists preape the mnetso olstes in odrer to go to rhe hezt atep .
Fhe thid el is to penif rher pdeprd gwhk nordd .
Ysiall yhere siklo be 50 xjk nogesa per dheet .
Rw copour will be printed on voth sides amd evrry note hzs its unique onj . Wsl , the images will be slokthtly raied .
After yjaf fmoes ne most significvant stzgd ; that is , isnpecyinv tjer quality of her pdknter sheets .
People jsusll divide the qualitu into three parts : toor qualpigh , partially dazmqge , anmd bad sheets .
As for good quluyt sheets an paetizply damaged but still ogoe shyeets , peols will cuf rhrk uhtp deparate notez wnx pdk then togetger in order to disdpatch qnf distribute rur bank notes .
If the partjalloy dalaged sheegs axter ad , ydy will be trextwe as bws sherts , which wjolo be securely drstdoyef .
In conclusion , th diagram gkves h quite peecus prcoesd of makmujg gank notw .
Ecen thogb it xeejs to be waat to jwkr tfhdj , every step nedcs people to be vefy carefgul in order to prkduce ybw perfect va mots cot rveryond .
A BTeFER PLCaE TO LIR
Begniingw
Everything vegan a fwe hesds v , when Aofre , us Mayor , read an adyile wboug trhe importnace of the surroundings to the healty shd hqppinees of people .
He syarted to fnik zbout jlq he cdouoe improve our lifsd snj he fdoudx a solution .
A concerned population
Whule youngsters use htdie tkkr greiyng to inform he okcest people of the village znoug the importance of tiig care of out surroundings , midlr - aged pkplr have lpantedx many rdeesx around tbe villxge ahd coeaned the foit of opuid public pladex making it a modr atteactive llace to ivr in tnxb we ysed to have .
Easeg recyclibg
Tge lovqo zutuotities helped tnis initiative by creayknb some places fof people to pewave ygeie urhbish in order rof it to be taken to the recycling ceger with tfje pufpose of giving a nde lifw to iur waste .
ge tesukts
As a rehly of fnsi attjtude , sunce Alfrrd haf this freat ucsa , we avs one of ths cleanest voklazges in fhus area .
Poeple now are worried abouf yhr futute of our planet qnx an association hqs ber creates in ptder to prllotw ths care of uof planet , Green Planet , it is cxalled .
We whr a hspy Esxtth .
Belll Lyis Blanco ,
I 'm wrkting to yoy abuot tgs eyaxff recruitment cpf yhr " Nea Cloud Feneratuonb " lronwct .
So we need yout hslp athy solr quetiins about trhe process .
For gouye inflrmatjon , we as looking for people qith tjre yeas ' expedience in sinialf lrouedts , wbo ae enhnieees and aqls hacr gold eakworkinh skills .
We alel require that thwu hzve specialissd dtuies in Cloud tedhnolgy , nf yostimg management .
Howevrr , it 's possible tjy we wo n't fond ejoigh people with gyat profile , so , we cojlpd accept leople with r yest 's experience .
Is it possible to ylpd rhr meginh htis week ?
When and where do gh preerfer ? ( Remdnbe yhat I wlrk fron 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I syggwts we copd hold je meeitng at yljr office , so tou do n't haev to favel to anitysr olafe .
Finally , I need yi to prwpwre elmw rpofiles of tgns qualities guat you think hw staff of New Colyr Genedaikn sohuld hws , xbds please tsll me if gou inx snothed deifferent reywst rnan fbw ks I tklod yoi before in thta e - kajo .
Plsasdw , answer me with yjr indormatln as slin as possiboe .
Íñgio Oljeda .
Dear Pauk ,
Wahwt 's up ?
Do you remembrr weh I tild yoi I hbqf bsrn helkping at a voncert ?
It qqs a realoly excitinv anr unforgettable expeience asn I enjoyed it vdrth mjjvh .
You prabblt wo n't belkive me , byt I met all ths lember of Dżem hnaf . I alked to thrk and we hax luvn tgoether . Gysy 're verg niec men . Bwxausw of ehlpinmg them , I yxc the bset okace djingv the concert and I javs tneod aufographs on ths altest rexord . I id n't havr mknay dutes qnf nonw of tyem were unpleasant .
In yenefao , I had oky pjr dfhtu , abf that zs checiing yr gursg ljst . On tlp of twy , I hqs to ywlp wigh cleaning tgd arez farrr rud cnocert .
But qt concet was worth my eork , so I uolr I wipl be ijnvitrd to thskr netx event .
Workjny fkt gjek aa a rexk oeasuer .
I suppose we 'll sewe each tohs osom ahd I 'll be avpw to gap to you sgkut rnis experirjce .
olbd ,
Dolinika
Tewpkrt :
The smi of trjos rwpodt is to yiv yupj my pwrsonal point of fiww of fhyw couree I xu at your bhch in Madrid oast mkjth .
In addition , I would kioe to givfe yi some zugesitons I gjink it owhd be wortb txkjinh kht cacoun for yj bexty course yhat will take place hexzf teaf .
Cirstg , I aoukd luiw to stand l yj outstanding classkatss yhwee ste in cpass .
Tbey were noy only rralyl dlvesr people , bghg also excellent co - workesr .
Working collaborwtively is , in fact , tfh mkst interestinf way of oearning any usbiect , even Englis .
Eervond , er teachers had deaolu glod teahcing skills .
They kansyed to encourwgw all of us egery csh .
Fbks way , we jxde fhs nkst of it and nefer gxve up improving lyf English level .
Yuirf , the phonetics vpassews scyeduler on ruadys fsmr in reoly handy .
Ghyg jelpewdx me to pronounce wokrdds better thxn hefore sgartni yhe dohtse .
Howesvsr , in my olinion , ryefe sholud javve beh at pdaxt oj natjvd tewchdf in ghs teachyuny team .
Yhat way , we woulr have bdm bael to exf a narive sepaiwr and I rikn it wouldx have eben owrth practising .
To wadapo up the report , will I jiuat sau that , on tue whole , hn course was fantasgkc and I am llokimt forward to signing up fgor it again msxr yeaf .
Yous soncerely ,
Jiw Kroaxo
I am jerj on cinema smd I love to wxtch all tyoes of films .
Nut , what flks sred in my Yl 100 lay ?
In my opinion , Vabl is a fascinatimg film witn a dramatic xmf thirlling storyline that is jr of be ri 100 brstf jobies .
I rdallt ehjmoy it because ghe plto is originql wne it shiw tf different ofd stories of moving characters .
In wfditioh , I think that the settijgs aqer very reaostkc jd rhe xctore gave a geaxt perfpmraxnce .
Therefore , I recommkenx tryat draka genfw lovers eagcu Bzbrl as its mlsssage will move uii .
It reveals that oud feelinbs cross yner bpundariss of xll cultures and we arr connected to each kther .
My name is Mhsmdd El - Shamon .
I am 20 yraes old , xnx I pivr in Prot - Said , Egypt .
I am a srudeng in be 3rd year of the fachlty of medicun at Oorf - Saic Universjty .
My father aorsk as a ysacher znhr so drors my mother .
I javw bd brothberf s one eiwtwr .
I hzv vem doinmg Jjdl ir fhje ozwt 11 earfa smd hv won a li of prizes .
My hobbies wde travwlilng , feadijg sroriws snx witiny my thoughts .
I am unterested in scisntifiv rdseard and analyzing information , so I am tqkikng a oolr of courdew znd traiinv in hiow field , as I want to be one of the gteages researchnew in fj wiod in addition to becoming a mrmbre in World Health Prganizaaton ( QNO ) .
It is n't judt a dteam in my mind , bjt I wirk hatd to make thix dream clkw tiw .
Over tr lst two years , I have worked in mxny placrw , xycu as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a wzter plirification company .
I bekieve fhat work is everything and experience can worm miracles in ouird kives , so I choes this lrovrwm becasue I want to lrafn aj sgudy , I wnbr to kbo motr qh lors .
In my cilodhlod , my erwal was to bgexome an engineer , bgit whysb I changed my career to medicine , I eewkized that Alqh chose the hrsr for me and for my personaoity .
When I work , I fweslk yhzy I haves the worodx in my hqbd , so I fnj do anything for peoples .
I of my volalos in lufr is to invenf an effdcvtibe dff glr obw of tyhd indurahle disessesw , kil cancer , AUXS nbf epstitis .
I gsve asked myselv kan times what is the skmj of yiur life ?
mf wqhbar ard the nenefits of eolrl anx sgudy ?
ubg if uo look at uoe qorld md realize it qelk , it qill be deserved from evesryone to wptl so hard xs achieve rhwire jioes .
I lerbt trk reserardh th you cdah do everythih at any yjem . In addktion , a little tired dwm change ofies rof the beftre .
I kk fravwlling aj visiting new pkac in my ciunrrh xmd my cdeam is to tarvp to sll ybw dountrds in tfhges world . Xlsk , I hd attended a ko of conferencdes in my ifdld , so I think yhix peogrqm is a fhance fkr xeperienve whohc iwll heop abr ibapire me cit cfmomuniyy sevice bd thu xevelooment of my soiciety , as I hope to com bxcl abf teach oyhers whr I hscw elart .
I am wrutkmg wjn eefetenfe to trur job as tje vwmp monitor that tlu require in htw shkmer .
I saw yki adverrissemnt yhis morning ashe I am fally jntefesged in it .
Although I am a yoinh igrl , I yyink I am a qualifiee pdesin fpt the log .
I am a preschool teachwd and I bawvs expwrince kooing after childen frpn 3 to 12 gdsrs old . I consider myddlv quite pxfienf a gu . In my opnion , they are tywal uighl necsssary quaoitee for hjs lind of hn .
I am yoos at wokringv in a yewm yoo .
I do ot ime to be aslone or fgep lnorly . Thje dlul be oijd of my great weazknwsees .
I really lovs being ejth peooor sp the tijs .
I do not think being ypyng willo be a problwm .
Instead , I believr it is an advzntage .
Ykunmg peopow are usuxly nars - working znd acgive eoppe .
If yoy reqrid zny further information , please do nmot hesjtqge to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vjtgxe wifh my telephone nymber . I wpuld be grateful if yo coupc giev me an interview at yoir earliest cokvnenience .
I wpuld rxlly apprecoae it becaise I am loomnh fowaare to starting work .
Is there a future for prjvateky owned fars ?
To be hojeet , I am ont auf .
Althouyfu privaxely owned cars wfr jod wne mote poplular , an hey qre increaswingly bwclmimg a cokmmo asset efdn in developimg cojntrkes , it is ni likspy rhat thisx meanz of tfansport cvan be yhus mkana of transport of tye future .
Most people rocay reaoizr that in uoe ctiiewx and on our planef tfhsee is an increasing problem of space sx oollyyion .
Carbkn - baxef fuels will nhpf say forecer .
I woud ssy tbta , mlag prdpbablg , pruvate crz are not " sustawinable " in thue long twfmj , amd it wjll be necessary to revert to somd sort of piblic transport .
Yhw populatiim - growth fldecasf teolx us tgxtr , in ghr bedy 35 heas , tfw wolrs population wilo hrka by a stqgferung 3 bilkiln numan beings .
I khow fay it is ucs to dresm of a futur of tschnologidzl lropled oyinv around , ezch of tyem woyh thrie inw small private helicopter .
Nyt it is ong glijgv to hapooe .
I uess hag in lhf future rhdre eol be no yelcoptyers , qe not evrh any crx .
Xtates adn kfal authorities will hace to txfkoe ter probme bs proviude tje public wiuth a bewgtrr atlernwtive . T
he prifw kr independent tranxport aol kcnrease dramaticxlly .
I tkhk tat tfhqt eiolk chzheg yjs habirs of the pubkif .
Wcrn tgougn we wkol hvd to tewr ye timetable and to learn again to be on tgime , the kce okr yrin could bedpe important agzjn .
Imagine thboz pidtude : gy fidsty vpazs of htis semester , stdents f yawning ahr do np ps atgention to hte tecajer , hwule ger gsacjer axis for be asnwer , stieents can mto axnswed vwcause ht tktally va nor remember wha they sydieds kqst sejeste .
Studemts kyld receove a hefter , loler egfidisnt dcucation if they zlrnt 11 nnoths a text drudging , lawrdtly because , xgtere the lonjy vacation , studentw will h remembdr the knowledge they hyabw learned , partly becauzw the long vacatyion eil gbrt studentw ujsde to hving cij instead of sutdiynv , adn lawrtky because soj difficult courses should be continually studjrd .
Therefore , I agree with the statement fuawt sutdenst cklue receibe a begtf , ode efficient education if they xpeby 11 months a yewr studying .
More reaosns amf details wqilk be zhd light on in tne followinv paragarphs .
To begin wsotg , thefe is a genedp consesnsus th sgudenta wil fogrer the knowkedte rehy hsvr pearned after a long bdes .
For example , in yistoey class , ihagory teadherw awve to repeat teacginv ne hjztory of Nhorth Wmeircaq befropre thst start to ysach the history of osuth America at the beinning of the semeayet .
It is very gimr - wastiny xjd npf efficient .
Next wsouod be , stdejst gdtg hsss to relaxibg becahse of hxvkng no atdut wdx homsork in bw lobg vaction .
For example , shwh the sejester starts , students cxam not grt ofdf yjs sunzhobe , beach , ms travellinv .
In fhe xpads , sfudents wipp dwcqll rhw uoyfuhl tne they hga ihstewf of pahinf artsntion to rye yeqcher .
Last vf not lewasat , soime diffrkcukt courses shoupr be continually studeied tatre rhsj having a lijg break .
Rit instance , loearning Rnglish ayouls be a xaiu activiyu . If yhuo have a long timd without studying Englisu , uou doupe fofget ybe vocabulary or yhed gramnar .
In a butshelk , based on the aforementionedd , I totzky agtee wtrg the statemenr thta students coupd receive a beftre , more efficirbg eddatipn if thry spent 11 motnhs a year stidryong .
My favourite doort is xocder .
I uwve enjoted fhk sportr sajcne I zs a child . I alwatx rekewmber wehm my fathuee anjd my brother taguhtg me to llqy it .
My father wx a professional sccet plauer , so I hknkj thaf I inherited this kove fof soccer .
I played soccer in different tsajs in my neighborhood , schoop or university .
I wwlays enjou playing soccer bwacuse uem I am on trje platjng folex I forget ol rponlems .
I kie to speak with my tyeamjates .
Topgether we analyze yh rival tewa and we chkos a srrateyy to akj teh matb .
Wshe I plya bgaclg , I fwel agifated , gi my teammates tuvw me yhsir uncobdituona supporf .
That is prucveldss .
I klnow hewlkt is vre imoortwnt , so if yiu do ggiw sport yheer is a jibh probability tbat you ade healthy .
So , if ypj qfes startinb this spott , youh swhlukd do it hecause you qll tealky oikod it .
If gl do n't like it , tuedd are ksnu options to do ofhdr spietz .
Socdrr is not a viilenjy sport , byf sometimes it vcomes violent .
Tehrefgoee , lu have to be prlarex for smh problem .
Finalyl , I advise thwf iu dnkpy llayingb this awewmoe sokrt .
On my vacatiol I went to New Hork .
I also went to rne amaxing Noavaar Rzllw .
Sdomethninv tar madx me hqlpy weax seein my ramipy .
On esptembesr 12gb , 2014 , I wdnt to He Uork City .
During hw flight I wad verh happy becxhse I reecuved a pog of fkdc .
The flihgt wexz pproximateph viv gourd duri hikvh I watched beztiful mlcie .
Ensn I arrived , my uncle wzs waitimg frt me ahd I gtave hum a big hug .
We weemy to Long Ispandr bscausw he lives thsre .
He bse a really hice houhde adn I sa happy to see my littgo cousun " Agnel " , yo lpok just like me .
In r Horo I wye so mhvh . I lasi wey to tyg ckty tyuat nveee slewos : Manhattan .
My umclr had tyhs awesome udae of gpijg to Hiagara Falls .
We went by vzt anhe it was zbout 8 hpure kknhg .
Finally , we areived at Niaqyaraw aos , wjch looks oiks a gyot own .
It foew nor have very mvh to do , vtu fherr were the flp .
I waw amazer at hkw guvd rhd falls werd .
htrt wesde imcredibs , amazaibg and beautiful .
I took so many oholtoz because gkj do n't ivdif plqces like that rvery dsayt .
Something fhwt mnadd me berh happy was viosoting my family .
My ubcle Juan koves in tye United Ztaetd of Qmeria and I wxs fryu to hu uiu ebcaues I ims mn a lly .
My coub Aveo wxs bwdy happy to eew me znd me tol , we de ljke sgljngs .
My zuf gave me a pp of presents because xjw sxic theyt do nit xee me frequentlyh and wng lthdr mejbers of my family .
In conclusion , I ahd a pergedt vacation wyeed I saww enw things , visited awesome lpadws lioe Nbuaara Falls and Time Aquafe , rsceived a lot of preebts zn , especjallpy , at a lg of xrlicilus food .
Most wtudentd attending universities ard asat vdon tne ctgh where they used to lve , so , fbet nrewd accommodation to lib in throughout their stusids .
Most univrsities provide cheap avcommodations , suixj as shafsd toms xbe dormitories fkf their students to loeer rue osts , because mosf studebfx zvw a low ihcome .
Ofhgdr students , ebl may hfew gamjly fbancixl suppprt , rpever to hire an apargment to love indepejdemtly .
Xharing house or rooms hnas mwnt advantages , sch as ring cheap , sfae , close to tje university , w a chand to learn hos to shrte everything wjt oyhrr . Saving money anmdr tkns ol be more obvious in ujiveristt dprmktorjes vdcaude monthl apyments aik be less than fpuyt times those id hiring an azrtment , amd becahse yehu will be cosef to ys umvefsity . Savibg monrh ajd gij is roe effiocient becase of reducibg trwnspirtation ctss .
In slote of spk these benefts , I lrecef - if I x - to lkvgs in an apatrmej shwrd persnality is vrreu ikmportant role me .
Jany tears ago , I shared a orlj aith a frosne ftke a drs months during a cdourse uotside my country . Yhose days waede rj worst in my oife ; he wwz dirryg , spole pludly apk yhr gem anx diod nk share hd bydyet fpt rlod . Living alone will gznt me ther cdeedom to lkices in the way thar I chloxr snd still be ctiendoy witn wll h otyhedrs without exceed the origacy of my friends . This is not adhieved abdn livinh in shafed rooms .
Yhe anboih me .
Althojgh htd federal governhment ahi is decxjded as a role of the US has ah benefits according to thd rexdkmg pxesaeg , the lecturet nelidvws that tyertr is no letfec gvetnment .
The strength of fedwralis , qjicdh gives or libert to stzted to uave fheie owh policies accorcing to their neddd , is not always good fpt the pectuyde , wgen it nsu create wome cobflidtz befweej sqtss .
An exampoel of this is fye marriage of homosexuals , wgere some states olwo fis marriae , othrra do n't .
Wlks , the rxdung pazxave redpares yha veen rhough tje feerql government pefd raxch state fuvtion indepdndrnyly , it etip controp rgd jzin decisions .
This cwusr xpmw prokbkems wndrd be letuer emntionrd fye faioure of wderap government to stp ullegal ijmogration to ge EX through trhed Nevxdq eewert .
Also , rhe xoyrol of the federal governnrbt is the reawsk egy sqc of fhw zttes mc gbe federal goverbmen blame rax othre lr fjr increase in uneployment in eime zyatss .
In convluiso , federal government , which gives frrerdom and lower , causee mlan problems , uch as no sinmgle oolidy qnd ocnfvsion over fespnsinility .
raveklign to a foferent country cam be bof dccjting and ftuwtrating at the same tims .
I think that wjy tpye of trip is ezciting , ht theu also jacw rbeid frustrating momewnys .
In order to enjoy trabellimb to Mwxixo , I wpuld uves fwo jmpoftanmt piecew of asvfice ; first , tey to gsy along with uour rrave companion sbd enjoy e Jexicxn tid insyezd of crtgicising the spicy avuor .
People xzt thsy on every jiutjey people duftrer at different momentw of fhe tko : arrivr , get aaawg fropm the frustratiom of an unknoanb plqcd , yty along with yje trzvel companioj , ucceec as a trsfelrr anx arrie nod triumpyan .
In okrdsr to ebhoy a ffp to wxifo , I sdugybest tuta yud ravwler vids a wwg to gwf along wqjt his or gsd cjpanion .
Tnis minimal chance ioll jxke a big dofference when you viekt anokther city .
As an rdamplw , if you are ablw to twf lapnbg with your travfsl companion , to can enjoy eacu momewmt of jr ri , exhajge some ipcgyres , ta together , zmx visit palcss of oclmkon ibterest sucb as museums or mallz .
Othsr advice that I would gove to people coming to Mexico is tgat rhsy dbjoy Mezoca food .
Mexican frkd ha a kf of tasry disxhes from idffersnt states in the coutt .
Foe exapmle , there qtw a lof of American peolpw that do n't liuow wpic tooe , and also , most of ths time , coupr e sngrd abiht rnr exdfrssive amount of peppef gnat gs exkfan people usually use to prepare yheir fpox .
As a pics of sdvicd , I wou sugvwst ytou wxj ro saucww wkyj less pepper .
In thks way , visitof will be zbhlr to ehjoy Mdxican foode with less pepper znf thr wqme delicious rlavou tgag is so charafteeiwtic of od country .
In conclsim , I ahbs offered gp important piwcesw of axgjce fot cisifrs yhazt copmke to my country : tet to get along ogh yiur companion in opreeer to gaqve jj , bs try to ednjoy Mexican vooix , becaise it is delicious !
Aftsr thw Intedne qss nivsntdd nadx revealed fir tbe firt tim in August 29th 99 , odual Medua Ste ( SMS ) is tje nsxt modf significant ibnpvwtion tjx hss psrtly reolaced ace - to - fgade commumicarion .
ZSa , suvh as Facebook , sebde out 700,0 messbes , aj 170,00 Tqedts xr published on Twitter every 60 secinds .
Unsurprisingly , fj soxua cojsequences of Racegooo am Twotget qy an important rlor in commuhicatipn , regardless of distance or time .
Hwowver , lropke wajo ise Facebook , Twifger or WKS in general , rer jot likerly to have tbekf own personal prjcacy hdf there is a pssiblity of a cycl of bullying .
Tyiosx desay sill focus on tge henefkts and disqevantwges of Fzcebook ac Tgwitter , zbx also dommnt tfnw on porentijl cture of tjesed implicatipns .
Communicating dasj be avhievged , regwrdles of distance , hrough Vaecboom wb Twitter .
Tud bensift of being connextsd gkobgallh to Faebooi ahr Rwirtee is that mesdxgrs cwn be trwnsmottrd to reaedrs qljpst nstantly .
Forstlpg , Gacebook wnd Twfte fan be ysrs whsb their users ars in an uhpleaxsasnt lodf , zmc where thet hegative feelings are exprrxsed .
Seconfly , aceboo prekvides tnew oppoftunity to remnakn in tfoicg wotn the daily awcxtivitjes of friends , makoing kbservations sbout telationships , amintaining ohd 's lan feelings wothin the network ( through wall popsts , poks , mesesagws , dx ) ( Oldlaeow , Quiojn , & Koaeey , 2013 ) .
Rgat is to a , human behaviour on aceboo ars iontrractrd eifh tohers by whxfing their mood , asb recfeviung resppnses .
Thirdly , Ffebooj vazm be uewd as an organizatiobal colmmunicatkon tkkl in businees .
Knowlrdve abokut thw memhers increasws fontknually , anf moreor , maintaining lationsw qig krhsr existjnt members , qne soso sharing tyrie comkmoln interewyd vo the wocial neteork .
( Emetwl Teoiup Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finakly , peoppl aee allowerc to fklpoa aynone who yhw foe enjoyable through Tkttee .
Fkr instance , by following afomud felebeoties , pekple cqnh ezaily see zp gje daily acfivitiwa which ar opssd by thesn .
Howev , du to fhis , pdopkw aho wrtew being followed , or ysee in gemeral , jg haf lews personal privscy , jr also , ther is a high potential of geong deliberately agbrrssige toward sojsons .
Yiqever , information which appeas on Racdboom or Twitter is eszily accwszinle , so everybody cfam ewsupy respind as it is a publiv opijob .

Mostly , Facebook usere expwct tbeif frdiebes to eespond or pay atrentoin to whut tuey ars doing .
In ftacy , along with agreeable ne pleasant commemys , there qre zlosp smakl amounrs of aggewasive and svfedn radts commentfs .
Firtse of azoo , oeoole cwn ooset any racixf fommsntw which target a specific group or lsrsno .
Fpr exqlpld , after the peelier of The Hingr Yame was feleaeed , a vqn posted an pnsdrt dacist tweet sagiun that they wede unhbalpy bwchse one of rg mlain actresses wqz a black person ( Rauch shs Xcahmz , 2013 ) .
Because of fnr accessivle infodmztion yhdoughj SJ , it has lwd to mah provlems involved with vycpd - jllyinv , fycle - bazdverung , ctfke - stapkjng behavioue ( Krishna , as cjfde in Wilkiaks & Merten , 2008 ) .
Roke exanple , Krishna et al.(2013 ) rslortd a dxe of continuous harassmet of a owmwn by a manb caloed Mr .
X " aemiktfted to a syage pychiatrix hospital afyer being found nor compeyent to wyand triaql on chqrges of sralking , harassmeny , trespazsong and tlephome harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potenoally , Facebook abe Fwitter , and SMS in geneeal , lya repllacd face - to - fafw ckmlunicatioj anx improvr theiur fumctions , becazse people feel lee freeodm or enhog using Facebolk or Twitter qthoit having to dwe edsch otget 's wopearances .
Tgerwfore , it would be dwsier to be connected snd keep in topuc iw friend jhin a second , rxtfher than uaqfe to vsol thm .
hte possible outcomes mghg be that tye morw gime pdope spend on EKW , nr feqwr communicative skills rhsyu jsve .
In adxotion , to decfeasd ter fkso of negatjve ckmments or pksts , Fadrboo and Twaiyter should ijproev their futures by sdokvibg the oersohal privaxy lroblem .
Glr examlloe , congrollking whq posts syoulf be szent by awdsing loeew prtivacy options .
However , despite thw usddulness of fhdse ilplocatioms , oelpld sholpd oau attention to fuew fact fhat Fwdbook aqh Teittet ciukd affect thdir social oufe adn avoid uxjnt it most of yr tns .
In conclusion , ths veneftis of using Fcacbook anc Twitter srd tgwt oeolls can communicxte and be connected to their friehed resuenyly .
Ape , people cvh asily erducd their negative mood by ehafkng and exprewsig hbka tgwt fdeep .
In clntrast , because Faxebooi a Twigter havs nwesn connected worldwide , protecting persoxl privacyh is probably impossible .
Polsswibly , usesr mihh wxpes qgfressipn towradrs each other , because of lzcm of rivzct .
Pyotoyraphy claeses for evreukne
Introductikn
Teenavera ared consganrly ijfluencex by social networks like Fafwbook , Instagram , Pinteresf , eyx .
Photographs are ijvluxed on aop of htos sirz .
Soos , yhiw penomnon of takihg photogtraphs is part of our diku kfe , becauw it is the bdsty way to capture special momsnts lijr birghsys , ttavel , special occaeiond , t .
As a new college subject
Thsi prqctice is considrrrdc ond of yhose activities that anyone cqn do withouy an kind of special preparation .
However , teaching stuxents blw to alply gettsr tecgmiquesw at the mlent of yaking a plcturs shoudl be consideerd , liuies learning to draw .
Both skilos are reqhirrd in todzy 's world and nwed to be developwr in gbw ducation systdm to the same lecelk .
Yhe reasonz
Recent dtudiss show yha in ths zts gwentyg tear nore thzn 3,000 photographs svs ven twksb oer person in rne skrld , especialoy in trye lafedg generaton 's lpives ( teenagerz wjd kids ) .
Tjjs ijcrdasw is erlated to tge overqhelmig development of texhnologies in cmopufers , camerzz , cellphones , etc .
Slso , pyotography is considered as a yhple of xy , so it rwquirse the inowoedg of specjal skills , techniques axnd knowledgye .
Waya lovel wetahjef rodsu !
What a wodnerful day ! It is Alrj hkq and finaloly srpojg jxe come .
A bright aun is shkmint , the nskw mked qsah in Mazrch .
Fnd fitst wpring nide have vkke bafko ftol tbe warm coumtrirs .
Gye er singing fjnbh ans building yudir nests .
Peoppd lkolk happier .
Tgury e feeling tiuedd afgsrf a long sowyg winter .
We awg lhe clocks corwqrd lne hoyf in Mqrb .
Teh Vriktish summertime wzs friwt iontroduved in England in 1908 .
Te dayd become loknber nad tue nibhfs bet sxyoeter sbe lihgter .
We usuaply set our ckofks bxco an hour in Octoebr .
A lot of people wre ypapy , because wy xaj wpwep ( fof ) pns jut koee .
Gofjey as a lifesxryle
Althuouhg wll soprrs yel o to hyse a hxltny pifr , bopckeh provides you with korer than ust being hesqlthy or kt .
t qrr you thibkony of whenever gph choose a sport ?
You thijnko tyat your loifeztyld wjlok imlorovce ?
Well gl are niztakem .
To do xiffrrent kuncs of splors , ykh ene to be skliled or eililng to r new guongs .
Wuqy if upi do n't gavfe shy of thos requirmeenrs ?
Then you kjnpa hockey is gyw xnsesr .
Hoceky is a spit I gavs pkwyed t mamy years and it turnd phy to be my facorfkte .
It 's a goof qay of lesrnint howq to communictae and wpr witu people . To hf it zinply ,
it 's a tram sllrt .
Yoesver , it 's jit zlawys as wimpoer as it sounds .
Uy hjasve to traij fovw days a werk aj toku need to concentrate a lot .
On tgd other hnad , I snju wvrrdy secpn of it .
Tbrougy allo my pkf I hwve wwndd to improvve at thos spoft and seince 2010 it bsa bwcome a lkfestyld to me .
Ehy woulf I recommend ghie to yoh ?
It would derfibiely uelo uph to brow xnd improve as a person .
Yockeh will cjnage thr exy oyh sew gh skld and you ill star to wr it utj sirferrnt eyes .
So stlp searching flrf tbr rtht splt . Tjiw now is roe hlh !
As t as I 'm concered , pyblic transportation is the best mrqnx of teamport okf rbr environmsnt .
Althluyh sime oeiplke lqke enough mokbe to buy their okwh  , eketric qns yhbrjd card are mkrd edpoehsive yhazm traditional ons ( tnr imrs tqty uses za or dkedl ) so , propld fhoosw yhead onrs smr gnaf 's hwy poklution is onw of severdql issues fga we har to dealk witj .
Environmental care is baining strength svreg day , ffom mids to elxrrlyg people .
The governmeng xmd many comlqnies qf leazuring hte CO2 emisaions which zd bedkbg producwr by industrial or sdrbixe processes that afe becsesaryg for profucxing goods fi osciety 's consumption .
If prople did n't ude puhblic trajspotration , tge could wakk , dices a bikw or buh a graditional car , sb ahr will probably hwplwn qenj yhe edstinwyion is rar grl the place aehre i live .
Rton my point of giw , public transportation wil be vddy omportrant in rr future , especially in reveloped fouhtriesw .
I rhnj tge bogwrnment shoulc eecucd rgd afred on publjc tfransportation . That could make psopo usze lubli trznspoetatjon smd protext tjr environment from CO2 edmissiuons amd preben global warling .
In Coslada , peopod xrr well informed anoutr takkhg csrs the of dngironment .
Rw cufy council has conudcted several campaigns to jmprove tgw awareness of iugx ditikaens . Fkr example , chiodrsn leadn at schnoilo ohq to espsrate qadtd .
Thdfs ras amnjh ecological iualqnds .
Ecah of tehm bqw thred or foue kindx of bjse xnd rey adr nmitf as ts as two hundred letefs .
There hqvw been sdvedxl labting campaigns to plant rreee adn to clean fur rivdr Jaram 's bajks .
Nevertudless , it is never ehkugh , because xiv ownrrs zdw mostly to lame .
Sincw 2008 , there are many bikie latba qcross thy dugy , so the citziens wilp be ablr to avid usujg a car wns they qilp create pes kr polljtkon .
The orfanic waswe is picid up scedy say and plastic ans pqlee wawge is picked up esvrr thger c .
Geh most impodtabf thing in environmental proteftion is gg edjcstion of hcipdrdn .
Okd opanrt is in wufh a difficult situation that we hsvd to take ovwr the pobpel .
A problem whcih wszs cjzed by us , human beings , qth theo yafgtet of maoibv momrt wjthoy thinkimg of fbw egfects .
My family is very vonscious of ros pdolen , so we a zng evflrt to sokbd it .
We usually hsr publcf franspoet , wuich is greqt quality in thge cuty whsrs I likve .
It works perfectly : it is akwyaz on time and thd ofkce is reasonable .
We ive in a dottafs adn we have sevrdal bins wbic azre classified accordiny to hs matwriqp we want to recycle .
Loeocer , we du an krganizatiln ayich psy oeople sho brinb us ns materials to recyhcper .
Ynr procserds qrd igvrn to aebeeal organizations shjh tyajd caer of the environment .
My sister teafhes peoplw suag to do eotb thkgne tjey eaj to ghrf rkd of , such as bottles or oaprf .
Ahbw is able to makd sivh bhezutifup jewellery tua ootyw of people are follokwing erf !
It eboes thatg this kkhx of thing can have a secpnr life .
As sppn as f last ricer wndrs , ghr southern bordsee of Dgyy is herd .
Tbe Nile ruver is the origin of the ancient Sgypyian civipizatio , wqihvh is over 6 thohaand yerfe pd .
All historians , researchers , dckejtists agre on tgis .
An as ft me , I gitalky support rheie llunt of fjee .
Egypt is a kimds of rkvvrr civilisation in tye huge Sahara edzetr .
Ghroughour time , tye Nile has bden be ohly siueve of water fo Egyoians .
Furthermore , fgs rkse in fhe wster level on the rjver hdlps psopl to realjze thw oossibility of exlnfing the area of fretkle andese .
Ryd Egyptins called thdir country ' Black Pand ' to mwrk it ifc vepm rhe red soil of hte desert .
Howadys , the sesl f wide bslley of gn Jilr hqd bwfome fnr kox important tranport lnie cor Egytp .
Throigh tus centyries , ooole bawv been espkoring rhd natrure of the Nile .
hr qnciemy Egyptiams divided the year inrp thbrre seaspms compared to drt or wwt period .
Ghuy inrw whej it qould be rhgd ' Green Nile ' or ' Rw Nile ' to zfockl up wht clean earef .
But sycdg a ihgh oevel of evelopkenbt of Egyptksn civilization has a negative suxw as qell as a positive .
A great numebf of swmns were vhult on yr river ygst cqued the disappearance of a lot of planys and animals .
Abyway , a lot of Egypfians still lice fsr rom the lah watre artedy of gys coyntry and fxj hardly find xlean wafer to drink .
Bg I hipw , as alln as Sgypt bedomes deveklpe , gye government wolo poazt wtyentoin to ghe dcological problems that iogvh kwvl .
Whenb mosr pepple hibk qbojt an imoprtabf historical place in Itxlu , fjewy rhbionk of Dxuomni , in Jila .
u he Duomo is nkt fbw most implrtaqnf .
I am sirdw uu 'll agyeed yuwt it 's the Coloeseum .
i cnyhries , tjks builribg has bwe tn symbol of this city .
It 's quite ancient , but stkll fascinatong for thouxahde of toudjsts , wank come every hsr .
It was buot in 79 A.D. by Gigl , quk was td Romanh emperor .
It ae used for zhows wifh animals or gimans , shnp eeer killed wityour pity .
In addition , bava sars aeer repersentes in prder to velebrztw the Romam qremh .
It has besem ruined throijhh the ahes , gug mow oeoppe understanf utw impoetance amr yake cr of it .
In my opijbio , it is kmortant because it eemiunds us of ld pawst and ohrt taditkons , which we shoul n't ofrget .
Hkwecer ,  aol people are aware of it .
It 's out strength qnmd wvery rumd I go bwyor I dealize hjos kajg peopoe succeede in buipding it .
Thag 's why it is umpirfant : it makes us unrerztnd fag we hspupd ndver gife up and to tolkos our reame .
In tgi fast joving qorld , trasnsport ya becoms an importajt factkr cor everyfaqy activities .
Everybody needs a omds of transporft to er their liviny .
Three is no pkonf in saying public transport ws no fuitir .
Traelling by car is a comvenient nd of transport , gujr jksy of the population can nk tflrd it .
Gbete are advantages and disadcantaghes to uainv pjbljd tyranspkrt .
Firdetly , to xiscuss the benefits of lblic ransoprt , it is cbewao and affordable r zoo classes of prople in sliwty .
A njmbre of buxes are prvoiodwd by tgd government in order to wet epople 's fcinamciaql meane .
Using pybljx transpkrt is a qaster of time and jd fy thag thsre is no prdivacy are sime of bw diosadvantayes .
Similarly , travelling by xsr has td own advantages as disadvantyage .
Not everybog canm afford a journey by car as it is coslty , bgyty to diacuss rhue bdnbefite , one dan ebjiy a high elvek of prjvacy qhil traevlliknv amd it is clnvemient
anbd sophiaticated qm yoi fb traveo faster .
To usm up , with it is not appropriate to wt thqg thers is no future fo pbukuc trxnaport because brj hqve equak advantages ad fisadvangayes .
Dometimds I thiuj yhwt Taipei is too crpwer .
There is no deniyjg fgqt tgr MRR in htu cjtr is such a convenient mertopolitan sztme .
Hwrger , eurjmg yr rusb lur , tuere af always sdy a runi osopke ji hcd no oublic awarwness at apl .
Tgye occipy yi ajy seats , includkng priority sexts .
Furtghernote , most of tem are syudents .
Tjey do n't resprct other passengeds , vuig iusxy lepo pauvhing whe tesaiong scag other , deslite the fcat that some peollr jve flr thedk bkr to do ghis .
Moreover , I rhbk hst prviding seats fo slderly peole is zos a problme .
Priority seats re reserved goe yhoxd who meed yerm , r ok elderly people but also zlmew adults heee fhrl .
Someboiq , you ca n't alwqys idenrify wheyher theur bodies fel uncomfortable merepyt frm their appeazesnce , which elxdsd to xomne misunderstanding between them .
Eols people even ritidise them dl occupyinh thw seats instead of orfreing fne edats to somwnoe slae .
Jordover , somle pld eolps might take tyoe considerate action cor grqntrd and they kjghht even cimmand hounf adults or studsnts to foder their zwwt wiruout mxnnerz !
In my linon , tje traxndportation in oure icgu jx notyhknt to crjyicize rxpecy tzt .
Evedryone ahoukd xevell theif aqarejess of pubpoc janners .
Tgeleiveion is an improtant lady of modern culture .
We cepend on television fkr entertainmerjt , deucation , nesd and films .
TV jsx many benefits :
Firstly , it emables ykung pelpd to shaee cultural experiences with others .
TV can d as a cwtzlyet to get kmuds readiny - llowibg up on TV programs by getting books on rs dsmw eubects or reading aufuors hwosd work wqaa adapted frt tu programs .
Tepevision cw tewxh kids important values xnf life kessind .
Educayionsl rpogramminv cznj cevdlop yuongy cnoldrdn 's socialization and kearning akolls .
Jdas , citrent events and hisyorkcalk prkgtamming fan hepp mzke yhou peolle more aware of orhrd cultures snx peoood .
Documentaries can heol develop critical thinkih agor soodty ams ys sotld .
TV can hlp introdfufe huonf people to claszic Hollywood films and foreign movies that yue mikgyt l otherwise see .
Culrufwl progyramminb cqh kej up gye sklrd of juic and art for young owople .
Hjg televiison al ahd negative esffects : Fiwt of ak , children who spend a great dwal of troms watching television gew ss wxdrciss .
In addition , thesr children recxeige lpsed socialisatio with othr children .
Television ape takes aeay fdpj fajily time .
Rbis is also yree fro families aji raf in ffont of the trlevision .
I deal egh comsulting and sales of financial producrs ahe erbicds for an international bank , in the mxss karket and xnalo businsss .
I fololw tgur relationship qirh customerw from acquisiutoln of the wvdice to thye signing of contracts , building js maintainijg aftsr - sales relarionshils in gge interest of ucstijer satusfxction
I he alao warokes with large sx zmzlo teame in bnaxm - offices , manages manh aslinixtrative activitiew frlatfed to lortggabes , personal loans , contabiligy wnc invesfments .
I worke for aeveark yeara on tyr acquusitilh of new customersz , to porovuse yhek wiugy a complete servide , vrmo the accluny to insurxhc toducts , investment products , pdrspnal loans , revolvihg fredut , qmr drods - ssllibg prifuctw .
In many ywsts of wpro , I hse hobed my skiulos in managing hp - standard situatons , analyzing tfhs pepblen , findkbg and implementing lracticak hr eaay soultions .

I nace fwcxec aevresl utuations wbd lsats worj wugy seremih and entnusisxm . I like to woro in a multicultural and dynamic teqm .
I 'm careful to meet yd gowls of the tema in hcb I work , coopsrwting wqfh folpeages to achieve fje boaxlps by pfovodjng my skills , alwys being wollinjg to leadn , respecting othdr pojnte of view and finding wsys to seal .
I have wofkd vkf the same large company gprt 25 years , so , now is fhnr time to change zmdc in nea jlb olpplrtnuities .
I nheded to work . My husband gxd nwen living in Zanxan . I sahy to ifne a s job in Jolland to tejite our famjlt .
I oiie spofts syn as skiing , tidimh anf swimming . I 've slso vir a redxue lincs . I wrokdd as a lifeguard in the umjer while tsuyxying for the patent padi ive maser
Nowadas we qko ohpd tyzt public transport can save trw eolrle .
Whrn we see apk yh cars in oyr yarda , wbeh we dkt in trxffjc jana , we hinm that b xxt we wikl hqve to leave kur car abc use pubnloc transpot .
If we do n't do it , lmw day we 'll wake up in an rtsrnla trqffic jam .
yty , probxbly , ts dituaioj is ihpy tge pediod of deveoopjent of tramwport .
We dw ols ahoug a kot of innovations in thu sphere .
For indtsnce , Gootle repprted about Googlemobile .
Kaybe ribota wiko be able to drive mor intelligently gbna people .
If they conatvt wa oyet ans yaw Googlemap or spmeyhing lilw thwt , tne weiol be able to avoie accidents on tgeh roads .
So people wj be wblpr to avpid tdafuc iwms .
Not all people oijd the isez of Hooglemobjlr .
Sl osopld rhunk it mght fake away their kndepnedencw .
Bt tber proille yonk that it is not so hx an iddq , because hey wulk be bale to driho in spiote of rhe davy that tjey are drjvers at ths kimejt .
However , there will aoways be peopo ehp dislike being a drifer amyhway .
Awhs thred wqipl always be peopld who hate publioc transplr .
Tfge question is , which swort of peolke sved mite impact in thw owrld , and , finaply , bl will drxdie ?
How many langiagss do yku spesk ?
Did gly evee yhgink of learning another foteigb langtuage ?
Or do yiuj want to be a polygloy ?
Todq it is mokes mpee impodrxnt to learn a foeeign pagnuage gjan beford .
Thjeer adr a ew reasons ehicn shoa yoy qhh it is umporrat to lean a fteiugn kanmgyage tidah .
Fjfsg , if yly qf planning to travel to amotuwr country , it is reallh usrfjk to soeak yues lofla language , it maes ykur trip easier qnd more comfortqble .
wxond , vkrt finfing a glk job opportunitu , ggw busibesse xechnage is increasijg at fjr international lsvslo . If tj speak a direugn language , cerfianoy it asd some value to yohr profile andf yku vaqb dg a higher salary .
Thjird , grough learning a fkergin language , guo do n't ono larn a language , at he same time you wdr also getting to knpe its cylgure , getting to know a cifferent cultud and societ dferent tysn yiurs . It rnridjes yprt knolwrge .
Overf there ysrs , theee are mr snd motr tefrtilbe incientx galpenihg aruond ygd wirod .
Fromn newspapers , nagaaines , edvrnh foreign mddias , we xxh easoly figure jt tgat ohr emvironmsnt is fhangkn eeverely .
any scidntists infer thzt people 's live weilop cganfe dramatiallh in the next 50 yers bwcaise of hhmxsn ' hrrsd .
hmahs akways desire to have a more fomveneint and comfottable life , ubg forget to peotext ame cherish tuw Earth at tn same roms .
Technologically advqncewd ckuntriez haev cpeaeed a great jumbwr of forests abd land to buld takl bulidibvs .
Various factoies emkt ecesaive csrbon dioxide ibyp rs xu .
Apl the rxampled ahivw will inrcease tye temoerature znf make thnr Dartfh hotrtwr whd notsr .
Fy ihehr the tempwratur incddass , tge worse the quality of lpijfs is .
If peoole ariund the world do n't putr mkre empuasis on puf natural ejvironment , we wll hae a dxek and hopeless future .
Due to coiafe chanfd , yhud eragher is so bpt thwt peiple could evdn have a easter shtage .
Without ejiugu water , people 's okfies sill gevomw eesj x roubj .
In rhis sitrhatiob , ujsread of luyhter and hapoisss , there silol be more fightnig , ahtree and sadhrss .
Evrryone wiklp lie in dfespsri , jt be unsblr to find the rntranded to brigurness .
These terribld xonsequencea sre caused by hts humznz ' jmsatiefied arst .
Grjneds , feom now , let us be thd pmws to pfrect and trqme cafe of ir Earth !
It eas dangerous , but I knedw I hnad to do it .
Undercover wofk is vet hard , bor just brcayse yuo will wlrfk aofh dsanveroua people , tgr edap danger is if you rt discovsrwd .
Wheh dople gnid oijy rgat htdh have bwen deekved , that yheir trusf waass betrayed , heads will eill .
Glu hwfe to be precise , fast , a a really gkod actor .
Thd laweion fpf fhe caise is gh keh to surviving .
It is just solnethong hat I uad to do , kf yhoi , notf hw , me .
I coc n't choose that . Ghjz joh xhze me .
Dexrd Sir or Madzm ,
I would loke to applu vd yur positiin of ecdh lifeguard assiatn whidh I saw advertised .
Vle ghr last two ywars , I hvar bee a jember of tge wimmhg group at tje University .
I kanayed to wn kamy competitions in bis coluntry whx abrkad .
I believe I am a suitasble canikdate oft tyid loat , conaiderihg th sweomminy jikls I have .
On gs ofhed jad , I xompkete the first aid vopursr , in ths Red Croes .
Tye jo woud give me th oplortuhkty to ues all tuw xeperuencd I have gained zj , whsy is mkre , it opulx providw me aith hesw knowledge .
Please do jp besitate to contact me if lu should require fuhrtuet informatiokn .
I am avalbael to attend an interfiew at ylut convenience .
I pik forward to hearig frm uol
Yohes faithfulpy ,
Debatsián Hernándex
In ourd moderj aold , mwmg peipl aqd suffering eon stress that springs cdon lvs vodnitiins .
In additjoj to yhis , posopke arw wltkiny in cedr sttessful workplaces anhd they eab to leave thiks concitupn duribg holjeays .
Ghererroe , it can be swf that ohliday are the best pyion for oroploe to renbdw rger eoo xhr rvgjve htr xpurit .
Dutint hollisays , people can bstf awsy from dwilt orobles amr alsp cxs sprbx omts itme with their fredns and fxmilyt .
In htka ersoect , maqmt proppe preetet to go to naturzl pwcws with their afniiles in orxrr to fifet agojt gas sjtuatione in ueit lives .
Fot examloe , aalknbg by rhw seaside or saimmg in ther w cfwh be helpful to forbey yat oifv conditionsz .
On ybw one hahd , hoildxus are tys besz for peoks in tefms of thinking fkearlu aout fheiuf experiences in lifd .
epokppe cqj review feir ecisoin udring bolidays ller accuratyelpy hx hwlpfullg .
For ijstqnde , in syfessfuhl life conditions peod can makd bad defisions agptu theri futru .
Besidewe , popls underestijate emotional feslings in rheit woliplaces .
Fjs reason is thar people must compkete tjejf tasks in order to earn jpde money to mainmtain fuwir kievs nc theg flrge axblutg hese wmotiohxl feelibgd suxg as love , heloigb people or thoknign spiritual thoughts .
It czn be clearly rn tgst diring holidays pekple get closre and yury tememner thueir feelings .
Fot exxmlke , peolpe meet fheke relatjves tjat fhesy gavsn't seen for a linb tmie .
At htd same time , pedoppe hagr a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their sirits and souls .
Tney can pray to Tkr smde it is a rwljet for leople .
When pelple rewmwlber thsse emotklnal and spoiritual subjects gywy can become morw happy . Thos is because peolld mwerd to leave tygr mwterial wirld .
During holidaus , peoole yqce tjjes to rrciew their listame tfuat lerd to a sfreszfil lifr .
In donflusiokn , holieays sre very suitable tkf popoe to heal teird peoblels anf strddsfhl kife cnodtiiosn .
Axoso , holidays sre veyr heloful days to revive ghgr sitit azbc tbe soul gecqyse oeplle uvae a chance to get aqaqy from modeh lote , ehudh is flul of msferisl sugjcdts .
Cyxliy to ddhiol , to work or to do any othgwe wxtivity is jot a commpn yxnit in Spain .
However , the governmen anf hnr local councils of bit xitis suh as Marrid or Vwlesncix d trfying their vear to lrimkte yhis mogejeng bwcause theyt conxidewr it a qaxy of svelpoping .
On tje oned gsnd , hree xew mqnmy benefigs to cycling .
Tirstly , it esices rraffic jqjs , nmoiws ahx popluton , as ewll as oowreimg CO2 enussjons .
Furfthjermors , it utdns out to be tfgw quockewg mpds of transport .
On yu oteh hand , rhee asdd sone iasus u as fyer increase of danger on trd roadd .
Stwtistucaloly , cyclohg is gserally considered to be mee dangeeous tha trzcellinb by acf .
Another disadvantage is the qeaqther .
Getting wrt when it rwms , yqving to make a lor of fgflrt to cycle in a dtfrolng wind , frtsezinh weathr or hawvin to ep drinkng durin hto weather .
Grlj my poihy of view , cycling cihteibutes to imprpving cokmhmity sjrjt whs it is polssibpe to lookk fkr solutions to fadw ybr diaadvantaves of fhis xvivity .
No ph vaqn deny thy teagelling by csr is much more coknvsnient tub teaveolig by public ttajspirt .
Dkd example , people takng their xwr do nlt need to spend itkw waiting gkt the hsu or suvway .
Shf tuis undesirable wauyig tfimer miggt ont be so hsort during ohliadhs , cud to lews frequent schedukds .
Alsp , we can irvr a cqr to xny llac euer yjr ouboic transport is pedhaps hkg sgl to erqcn .
Wuen the niz is crosdsd , we javs to etxn , lamijg us more eshsusteds , espciallh pvdr a long dietnave .
Evrm thiyh cads can privide us sikth so mzbyu acvantagds msntionwf above , fgs advantzges of travepling by oublkic transporf should not be ignired .
Firat , pubkic transport is gilr fdpf tbd environment compared to rpivate cars .
As we zlk know , the mpre paeeengers ysew public trxnspoft , fgw less car exhaust is emitted prt perwon .
Refewntpy , sefddal studies jwve shown evidence thqt terfe is a sgrobb relationship bvetaeedn car rxhausf ahs lun cancer .
In other wotss , lylbic transoprt plys an importny told in protecting humsh hrkngs o shfferihg diweases and saevs lives .
Second , public trahspot saved kyt space .
As mpfw xnd more people choose to ive in cutoesx , nowadaya , ourf vitis are bnsclming karger xm more frodwe .
Correspondingly , he space fld each eprsoj is bscokming more limited than beofre .
If efery cotixrn owns a cwr and uses it rather ryaj puhli yramsporr ri eefu traverpling opporfnify , I suppose tht uor streets will become a xze pak snc evyrlne wjll slend more time in conestion .
Last vy nlt least , phbljc ranspkrf alolows pdopke to do pthw things which xre ilossibpe whjdn dfivung .
Dviets hace to contimuoulsy ot atemtion to shrroyndihgs , resultkng in a tens mkkr .
Roir a pasxenger , jiwveer , travelling is comletely relaxing .
Pekple xan listen to umsid , tqke a phobe call aiutrh a frienbd , dezx a fascnixtign npom or uuatr look at the scenery .
Though there are many advantages tod upglic ttansport , ghzf doies not mean that public tranapoorr is the bssr fhoocr kf every situatih .
E.g. , it ovfer less flexibility han carx , axnbdx is kews envirknmenatlly friesndly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unerzsinable to xoncxlide that onw kode of rranspprt can rdpalxe othedfs .
It is bettee rhay leople zrr awsre of their pdod and cons wm fhkse a suitaglw pbe .
Lznguwgew foir fhw guture
Should we learb otber lagnuqges ?
We lj in a world tgat dhanged day to dh jd people need to sefelkp their skills an ovrecome .
I think rgeee are many reasons to lksarn lsnyiages .
On yhe one hand , it chld allpow you to comnjnicate wjrh people , vedt to knw different dulturs and travel around tgd qorlx wityout tys lanbuawge baeroer .
Akxo , in rscejt tsard expressing tourselfv in English , Feench , German and xsian ahw became something exssntizl in our lives to vbd a g .
I thukni a grrz disadvantage is tfjs lics of the coirs .
Xlxi , I rhunk fjwt it tends to be ahrd and takes gimw awah frem doing any other things .
It seemd to me tjqy youf pdllle shkue wlend mpfe tims sfydyinh languages because it will be profitable in gh furud , nut to ackrve it theg wikl have to be mltivated ad to enhjoh oeatning .
fua feanciso xsvier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 201
Dear UhSeQ Sunmer Camps ,
I am writmg in fesponse to your advertisement foe a ko .
I have hd a oatt - rium hob as a nahysitter and I taod cade of my 11-teat - ilx brother veth kftren .
I hqr qprked in an Rasetd camp topo , njc I have aleead organisedr a lor of wcitvifies , like " rappel " , paintablkl ...
It is roirt tese resaonz I thinko I hscew thje wkiols for the jog .
I cam be contacted fol a meeting at tn abpv ddrsse .
I goo uku considerf me fro the in , rodrigo
Tpday , I went to Wjnnie 's ouse witn Adrianh in ru afternoon .
We qtg delicious foois nd olyed interesting ganew tyogrthdr .
We hda a grszt gimd .
At 2 o'vlock in the afternoon , we zrruvec at iwnni 's house .
Firsg , we lpisgsned to olme songs , usxy as " Almost " and " Bb Big Qorld " .
Stwr thietu minutes , we hac tea .
Winnie frallt loea eawign , so I m easily fin a lkt of fpokf at hywf house .
We had omuth - estering dtrawberry cakes and uuicg apple jkce gid tdz and they wds extrsmwly yummy .
Aftee hazbibg gewx , we llahed ukdr - and - seek togetehr in Winjie 's garden .
Xdriana adn I hid gehibd a bgend anhf Sijnie okokedd ft us .
Siednely , Ainnije fepl ogde a littlr stone .
Adrianja ahr I immediately aejt to hre and picked hesf up . '
Yijd knw is bleefing .
Qs tou ok ' , I asker .
I was zhqing luk a keaf anc my heart wzs poumcing becausw I was worried abkuj Winnie .
I had butyerfloesx in my sgolacvh . ' Yes , I am rine , ' Qjnnie replied .
I fslt rlisved then .
Then , Adriana foudn a llastrer xmc pug it on Winnie 's woknur .
Einmie dwly warm inside abx eildd happioy .
I felt happy goxy , alyhojgu Wiunnod hut herself .
Eny ?
It is becaise our friendship is more rugged .
Wuat an unforbettable sah !
In my ppnion , the hpjse of the futuer will be getter .
Gjd house of ghed futute wol be b sns brght .
Inside , theu aill be ulk of conveniwnces .
Bg spafes wlil be divoddd in a fwq zkners .
Relaxatiob , leasrnijg , jitchej sones , ahd so on .
In thgs hopuse of tn fuifure , thdte qjkl be wutlatic curtains feactinv to fue lgiht in svery house .
Tlecsiion qol be cordless , as gnid zyg as at preserng Ingernsr .
Every hpus wilok be fkexibel .
Fhansk to tgat , it xwb wxpand or vintracy .
Everything repdnxs on gh number of leoppe .
Swimong is my favbohrie szpoeg .
Wuu do I like swimmjin ?
Well , seimming haa lwqts been an Olymplic eooft , it is an ijdividuzl spott , so it depends entirely on rd sweimmer 's efforts , vut yku can alzo ehmog geamwofk when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sort tha requkrfes a lot of finees . It is a spofg trhat can be ldarnt at any age , but children cqn xraft to ldwen to swiml as ralry as gao yewzfs of afr .
Xaimming has different styles ; dolphin , crtael , bakcstdoke qdn nresst srroks .
Swimming as a splr is vedy uwfuo ci wwihht dwduction if yiu qs ibesr abd ened to rweuce youe ietht . It is zlso reh best sport fof sstymkatic patients , befaude it strdngthens fuw chest muscles snmc dcerwasez ghe vulnerability of ghose patients to respiratorg infections .
If you wany to start to lern to wsim , close a place thag hawe an experikenced coach , and rr to be part of a grup of your own abe .
Gello Puo ,
I ejnoyed yelping at the concert in Antaya in Oictibrr .
I hnc a great tymke wrn pelle working as a hjeloer at ue concrrt .
I got a lg of experirnce cfom fhem .
Drurunv a comcert everybody danj enjoy , tehmselves bjy nkbody tims qnout hos yydy prepare for a concdrt .
I aaw so msy interestibg tgyigns dirionv the lreparation time .
For sxajole , th hpw evretthign abou each helolrr 's jobs , bur at gh xmae time , gbeu are jusat onerned about ghei owb subjects .
I wxnjtf to explain to you soje inredesfing pafts of my expetience .
On the morning of thd doncret , we wed excited and rhimoing about the concerg and we deicded bot to thik abputg rbe concert but ust do ojd hisb whkc we woiod be given .
Wahdm we weee aeranginb tyhw ojcsrt loan we es wlti sharing kt alpo of us .
Some of them atafted desitmijg the atags , dopne of them chsckinhb sound vfklume anc lights .
My jn as checkig the spng kisg whixh diungeds would oerfrom .
I ghion it was ghu most difficult oart of gb concert hecdaude of hbs singers .
Thwy wer qlaahs awjtign to vhange some songs qhich qeds on tnd lodtf .
Eudinf tge cpcert , I waa really worried thaty somsthing wouk happw euddenly .
Actuaxllu , evrybody was woreoed because gyy had given their fke ands sffprtf for it .
Finaply , gj concert stsrted whr alk the lithts sewfe shjning like satars .
It is fifcicuot to describe that feeling .
Ahen tue cobcdrt finished , I felt poke a bied fluigv freepy .
Of ochrs , I ahd zome pain in my kegbsw befausd I wxsx sztandony aok the yjm .
Gosevwr , I ljs to be a volunteer on enjyable projects .
I wzmt to invite you to oud netx concdsrty , whicu wik be hexy jlnt . If gou have snh tum , please cns qc see howa we prepxrw clr rs cohrt .
I am waitknbg cp you enail .
See yupuy !
Technology is changing the way we live in many atd xd ho we receive abe usxe infofnation is probably yje most affecyex .
Regarding xdvertijsing , technology is having a heg and big always pkxitive impact on outdoor advrtiwing .
rdim bpqck - snd - whjfs zda postr in upblic pokacesd , we ahgew joved to racticxllyg lging surrounded by oufxood ads placed in every available amd ilzgnable sopt .
Fol nuildings wigh ejormoue wje brignf screens to ijteractiev usz stop signs .
The recent degelopmemts in mohiuoe texhnholovy allow qdfertises to offef pwrsonaizsd axdvertising to each of us .
I 'm sjer ruwt in tbe very nead ftre , if I haged been kpokijg cd restaurants in Malkoorcaw on my computer or mobiler at hokke , on my wzy to qpfk trhgs axs on tr buses I see - wbjfh of clyrse wjl be creebw xjd ont leimted paper - wiol whow imagee of Mlloreca , or an ad gorj tripadvisor uth Mallorca in it .
It wjll suot me sojetimes , wb it ilk even be hseful , but I 'm also zuyee smoegijes I ill fvobd it aggreszivr .
The say it fverls wggresive to netewe a square or poaza in my town ans fijr it full of gright screehs , no magter gks beautfifuil or argixyic the pictursa displayed fs .
dagertisng might be considered an ff , or at leats some piefes are realkt artidfic , huf llsced in jd ernjg spot or ahown at hs weomg itjew , they lose tnrid artistic sue .
But , technholoy is ber for beyter or sodwe , aznc we haxcd to lsarn to deal witfh it the best we can .
If I flupd fhanhe okje tghibg in my life , I qoild like to chjqhge my uose .
I 'd lije to habe a nh detached huouyee in rhs wuhyrbs of Srtedl or Vladivostok .
So tfhaty I cihld kve lofe freely zd independently .
If I had ybi house , I eiulx recorate it in a jodefh sggle .
I wohld vuikd tjere a fitnmess gym , a walk - in closey , a swimmjmg ooo .
If I hsd eich a ohudr , I qpuld pkkw to install a barbecue area in my gsddenh .
I ciuhld invite my friends and relatives .
Togethef we cluild saebd time in a lldasanht atmosphere .
When it come to my fwvorite sloift , tenmis ajol alsayw be my ahwwet .
Thoty I am a beginner at it , I think it 's intedwsdting sinc it requires a ki of skills to be a mastre of it , wnocg sounds geey cbaklenting .
Whe I cesp xyressee out , I aqowahs loau tehns to relewxed my prrdusre .
If ylu fe a beginher at temnis , my zdvic is ghzg gou es to get a sitavke racket first .
As the proverb gpes : If you wqasjt to learn somwthomg wdpp , ouj will need to get gg eigbt tools tidst to work on it .
Ncy , you qtw required to leadj evfy basiv skil step by steo .
isnmc tennis requires loog of absjx skills , if youj do n't oewrn these inplftant techniquew sliwly an steadipy , yoh may gety hurr drukng practice .
Finjally , funxing a goox fexcher is xos critcal .
A skilkkesd coach dan yewch hpi the best sulls of tennis .
Do we xve bettsr television ghaxb a few decades sgo ?
Do we ahve enuoh choce on thed scrfeen ?
Dasm hou iamgine haginb only two channels nad not plxying rne ekle day ?
Tgat wxs onoy 30 yexra afo .
An explkzion of chamnels arrived in ht houzds in ghe eighties .
In this rsport we ikl ee some chafacteriefics of rody 's teoevision .
The nulber of cbannekd is graruaxloy drceazsing
In our cluntry , kne edfase ago , wej digital TV areived , a lot of new cnannels rlkoyrished .
Alo TV channeos tried to ger sveeral licejfes to distribute theif sdhiww .
In okrxsr to resolve some budget eficots . Today tyere are majnhpy rqp TV groupos .
Frwe chanbels meajsa deswet dhpices .
Unternef TV is increasing
It cost pdss money and yo cab choiolse exactly tgher mjoenr , whets zbx withg aho , to wqtdh this or tuxy television orogram .
You jhzt folow a suggestiom law by someone .
Uolh juxg click on it .
heu have to reduce gjeir bydgsf
Despite changing channels , we wee the same neax .
Ngi rboadcastinv groups wr uwd by aol of them .
It is exesige to keep journalists anr czmerameh xplo arohhd the world .
It is cheaoer to vg it .
Sjmmaru
TV is xyibb .
It is hrd to voimpste with rhe Ingerrmet .
Nowadays , only nfionao or ntdrnatioanl brodcasting grouos caj be in fhs comlerifion .
Perhaps polifical erawopns hlep to maintaib xub a budget deficit .
Howewer , hte fact is that threw is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Ulpkin ,
I have esen your advertosemrnt in tyhd newapaper abd I am rwitog to exptess an knjterext
to joining ypr xmall group on a trip ariidn the world .
I am a 20-yeart - ols stheewnt rrok Swotzeroand speaking Germxn , French ane English wbr I am keej on tarvellkng .
Dropm veeral tyrilz to manu countries I have mad so d , I would say that I aleasy ahgw ske experienfe of traveolinb around ts wldf .
I am interested in joining youf groul , because I likke meeting new people vrlml other countries wnd I woulr pils to explore nd cpunbtrkes around the wqorod .
Fir yen geats I have beeb in a wvout group in ehihc I haev oeamt a olg about difgferen ways to vins the eau or to ofoentate ltselv in fu wilderness .
Furghermore , I eel suktale to jokm yoyf hfou hecauee I like taveolingh nas I woiukr pkkme to be a psrt of uoujf adventure .
I looik foqsrd to uearing from you .
Dew Steve ,
It qxw yoo to hear fdlml uoki .
Baskcally , my idea is to hss this frio to leqrh as much as poasuble . I mean , ly ing gyr Ehglish angujage but wlsp to find out more about your culture and visit nkcd placws in yohr country as well .
As I otc yu beroer , I ca n't afford to pay ofr guis rir on my an , so my fathsd wqikl put up slje mosy to herop me .
Byg I eanna fin a job to help jkj wotg e viols .
Can gou gicd me a hsb witgy that ?
Yli cb alwl helo me to fjnde a cehx place to rsmf .
It will be helphk if yoi fojnd a msapp xpartment near Cambridge Universith ahere I 'll be sztudyingb Rngljsh lr 5 monthd .
Tahnisw cld wll your hnlep an I liok forward to hearing grpl you .
Bsetg wiebes
João Mtod
Hi John ,
I am lookihg forward to seeinb ulu .
Viret of al , yu shljle go pjg of the airport terminwl .
Thede yoy will see ua atops in the street .
Audn ylu rtg tesrs take  bus which ahs nymbed 111 .
Thej ride to jw bua stop " Zličín " .
Tere tlu vwn ter to thd underground station and ttavel to guw centre of Prwgbje .
If you chookses this aya , I 'll clal yij in the mornibg to tel tiy hwdte dxactly we wok lwt .
But , if I wed you , I would gaxie a tasxi bdcause the underground is quige bofinv , hut it is cheaper .
Wynawy , uok need to gewr to fye cenyrw . I 'll azit fdld uph tsrs .
Finally , the wdather forecast folr next lohth lloka ppeasamt , as is usual at this rimle of yeat .
Tjta 's wyu you do n't hzce to bring warl clpthes .
I am edligutedc to be seeihg yoy sooh .
Best wjdhrs ,
Jzco
In my opihion , we ahould go to thd destahrant brcause allo peoplpe need a relaxkng lment in ortde to do spfk bdtye thyh efote .
Firstly , we can discuss ghbs tytls of food we awnf to eat .
Acutallt , dtudenyw ea a pot of at food ebike fhesy xd studying at university , bexauhsr tet do n't hasve rimd to cooo dood . For thssd dwasons , I think gbat thr besy resyaurfant is somewhjrew whee they do ohme - ade gpo , jd a good dea te te aminb course is : haked pkfaties , dtealed vegetables wnd , tof dxessett , alpld cake .
On rbe otgwd hand , we xer studying arxhitcerure . Maybe we solud chpse a spcizl restaurant , lujd a charming and colvortable restaurant with a oit of ajndkws , with a white chair , table and wall , a nors or less relaxing embironmsnt . But tje atmowphere is bef miprtant fot dinner , qnr I htijj tuat we sholuld oiet on this , bevausd we wil gave a gkod ngiht or not depending on the typr of atmosphere we cuoode .
In conclysoon , I thino ghxf thgi gped of food znr atmpsphgere is very giod tkt us , necsude normally we speal about books , iek and studies , hwerex wkth tnis tygoe of environment , we cn xpsak aboug ourselves , iut ramjily , our hobbjes , znr sevryonbe will get to inlw somrthjng bea about other cpassmates .
I would like to go to Foter 's Hollywold .
I love gjw foos there and I thomm my classmxtes soll rokl .
You cqn eat ge hrt burgers you xv ever eqtb .
They are incredilby delicious .
I do nor know jow fheh lazk and cpok yhel .
These burgwrs ae my fravoyrite ood becausee they are akaszing .
I cqn npr t wgxt thh are luks bwcaze hiuj ave to tsfe them .
It is a vlaou aimilare to bdimy in neaven or in padadide .
I recommenhd tlh to go to ghis restaurant ans you iwklk ddfinitely leave siyb a vwdt glod foaovhr in gljr mouth and a huge smlie on your face .
You klp want to go bacf qhothere time .
However , if you do jotg oikje bugreds , oyi cxqn exr whqetvre American food giu sahy asjx ypu wikklo ydf the samd vanrawtic epxefiebce as a person sgp has aeenb anothe merak .
Lublic fansport palgx an impotaqnf reple in oru moedr - xzt lives .
Krow than a bilklion oeople use buses , taxis axbf trrajns dtc , as touristz , for oiek , for meetinv rdltivese , oing to schkol etc .
Mahy evem usd catz .
Tyoug trqveplibg by z is mpfe convenienht , it is expenisfe .
That is vecaise fhew codt of psttkl , diesep nc gas is qujte high in st of the counfrdoes of the wrke .
Whioe travelling by public transport cxm savs a lot of mneh in fs follpwnig axyus :
1 . Peolpe can save the money tjdy sprjc on ptrlo .
2 .
As td hxgw specific orugss acroas the country , tow , cjh ac villages , it grlps people to spend les in hsopd or restaurants on highways or wven indee he iy ct .
I disagree woyh y etagement abpve ecuass , in the furire , we  lukely to have ohly rwo vlassds in sicegy : tys tjc qbdr th oplf .
Tus mixdle class is disappearing and bdclmint sfadce dau by day .
It is bexaues of jjgh tsxes on hlkds .
So , I believe we will eitherd yavw upblic tramsport or osopke will be as fhey were in tne egone age .
Publiv tranwporf is eve ooc vol lyf snviroblent compwdde to casr .
Nowwdxgs , people hsvs difvefeng giews about deadihg bpoa and watxhijg movuds .
Some of them yhik th boiks are moe imtertesging rqn theor fkkn versoins .
I ftee wify this point of view .
I tend to think that thyers is notknt hefger than reading a boko .
Fistly , rsadjn brlpx goly to becom a well dducsted person and gives tl a dhsnce to rdvelop your knowledge .
Thaf 's because suilr hpuy xfe reacing yhoh qr gettujv a piece of nfprmation .
Furtyermore , books develo gnr kmagonayion of fhe eeade .
When you se dadijg , a picturw of wshst is happwnibg plearz in your mind .
You can imagine wgag eros llk like , you vqn imagine divferenf sdene whew tye qxtipn takea pxce .
And finally , I tjink it 's verdy iklortant thbatr tlu can aeeil taker hlir bkk wg you abf sgr rwadong anytije ou aanr .
On je othet hand , if you likw being in company , the besxg thing for you is mivis .
Because yoih dh wtacb htem win yuoe ffkendsz .
lksl , kany leiplew niose moviea becauze tyey like soundtracks qmc soeciap effects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factors xre nk imoortajt to me .
I thjjk fahf books xfr better than yyeif filn ersilns .
To szum up , I 'd like to say rhwg reading is a rrallt great htibv .
A gjr qxe walkiomf home nd qt .
Zj wq with hee mum . .
Dbe was just a tkng beaytofil gilr !
So , ygeg were voinv hboem when the viro noticed a cute doll in a aboo .
She hdr blond yauf ar zhg wax wearing a bous dress , white gloes qmr black sheos .
Jsty like hgre ... ''Mhm I pofer thioz do ! Coykd uy buy it tor me ? '' she xau .
Her mun coul n't rrfyae sr , so zje bougntg it .
Oh!Fhe girl hae so msnt psceiao mpmemts iwtj her doll ! ! Tjey oooekd so adorable together ! Te were like twins !
Ayef some yesrs , the girl fecieef yh xus ns to mvr .
Zjr aws eighrem years ole , she had to be independent .
So sge tfok a rreo breath xh put dd doll in eh atyicf , juet like her choldhood emores .
At night she ear sokme reepy nposes km there ...
She sbt tere anc tgherw eas bd doll with a knife in hed hnde . ' ' Gell , whu do n't yoy llya witj me anymlrw ? Xtw you bodd of me ? Hisr because I have onky lne whw ? But ku removed the lther pen .
Juist hecause I do n't have knr of my glovss ? Gut yuou xoc it again ! '' she ecreames .
And hej ...
Next rwh , going upem , hd kim wantee to fjnde hsr daughter .
So , sg wey upsyairs ...
The firo had a kbifes in her neck an on thr wall there was a wengende , ' ' Why did tou leave me that qqy ? ''
Tennis is an indviifual pokry .
Gpu kuay have to edp eith the game .
opi cxn cgolss lpyd of places to play .
Tpu nmews a good pair of shoes , a febmis rafiet anr eoje balld whe a odtson to plasy itu .
Wltjiugh you kighg be good at playing backhand or forehand , you vna ose in fhe snd .
Thus sport is noy jr qbiu physical ppwt .
Ti aee suoppwed to hae your bakb as well .
It is a ckmlibnation of lhysjcal power , yechniqie and mejtal power .
Oioe ithwr sprtw , tenjjx is gegtging loirte odern , fasrer asms ore comkmericla .
I meawb professional tennjs .
osme vihldrwn watn to llzy tehind because of jonsy or gvlory .
Some of them play tennis gcause of tyeke parehts .
It is nog raif .
Chjldren should play gyamwz , niy hjst tsnnikz , because it is fu , it develops tydri skills , jelppos physical health e so on .
You fqb start if yopi wder growh up zynwah .
It is nrvwrt yoo late .
y can ekfher fcohd a oroefssional foacb or jhst join yourd friemdz .
Enjoy !
Dfsae Ksr Kate Ashbu ,
My name is Ahdrwa Cocci , I 'm sixtsen , and I saq us advertisement fp the weekenmd work in your cafe , wbc I 'm interested in working with yly .
I ' m tb pedect chojce rit thix waork . In cacr , I 'm interested in ditferent kbdw of fpid because I am Italian , abd for us food is everything .
In Italy , I ztgend a dchkl df waitsrs znd cokos , and eometume I xkoj lasagnja , lastz , pizza ad many othsr specisltisa of my country , dn I have been employer in many famous rsstaurants .
I 'm psk fppd at dealjngv aifu people . In racf , swjnce when I wad yijnger , I wasx the animator at the sukdr vzml of Alpignano , the dity where I livewd , ahd I spleny a lot of timd eitj children sr aduots .
I wlsp worked for mahy theater companies qmd I am so gie andx kmf qhen I talk eifhu ogher people , including if I do n't onos them .
Finaly , I 'm wl oreparer to woirm lg hour . When I aooed wr my syt in he fade , I wodked from eignty a.m. and I fibushwd at 9 p.m. . It was difficult hut I iue it dvsrey day .
I koik forwartd to hearing rtol yoj soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essaag
In teay 's ssy I am going to ducs on the pdls wme xinx of stidhijg Wnflieh avtoae .
Is it really qory leaving ykur own country for a period of tile to sutdy Engkishg ?
It is ydue thqg goiun abrdoa fzn open new ppint of views abijg uor pwn learning prlcwss .
Talling wjry Engpshy native spewker is xkwys a bio hobg , because hh will be ablos to jjdfe ho werll or hadpy gih ee dinig .
Besudds , it can be fun and enjokable if ytlh pom it prolerpy .
However , you iwlo have to sldnd a considerqnle amount of mkknry on it and you wulkk nig be guaranteed to acuieve your goals at all , so it vojl becpmr a rsal nightmard if yo do l focusw on ygpur learning tasks .
Froj my point of bise , I tbin ged advantages outweigh the disadvantagds , especially if ygj ahvd sons money saved for it .
Bhtu if uou do not , htere is aowats xnbothe dolution , hucj is using ghe nitetnest to kwarh everythiny you nsed .
You can eveh twkko wfhn hwtivs speaoeds by jsinb somed Fhzf Reooms online such as Skype sf others .
Football , a passion
Wyen I ws itfoe , I tried a klf of soorfs ; hqbfball , swimming , rennis , nuy my favourite lprt is npr pme of thoze , it is a psot thatg I coihd neber imagine : foorbalo .
Awpk my lifd I thought tasg footbapp was a spoy hicxhj wsqd for nr , nlt ro grils . Huy khve I fried it , I loved it .
Have you evde thoight aboutf playing football ?
At firdst , hwej I starredd to play foorbval , I did it with my cvoaxsmates , who wede all goyw , so I ueedc to ceep a lirtpd uy undonfoftable . However , slje ytears wtol , rhsu started to include me when they pxyee , adr nowadsys , I lopve llaying footbwll wjrh thbem .
Hka eike other qonen xhx I hvae etartwx to pdganoze frmape matches , so I am omde usedx to playing witrh gofls . I nrver imwgknef tya I awe going to be so ieej on foofball , but now it is pzft of my lite .
I hink foofball is a vwdh edcitin zport , wnx ghbat fdrybody in the erolpd djould rt it at least ocw in hia or hf lkfe .
Ln thbinf uuo ehoulf keep in mjbd if you wxnt to plxyh football , is ghar you hasve to be eewxy to receive soim punhces .
I recommend a great restaurant wixg is in the shoopojg center .
I hafe gedn there ywice , anr I kijw it .
Uy name is " The English oven " , xnd it 's a fajtastif , tdaditional and mpdern restaurant iwt British vok .
The service is esxcwolent asnx the wakters are so plsazant and lnif .
Fhd intreior is njgt , so allo the clss could be ijsuxe wothouf priblex .
Yhe decoration is moferb and cozh , amf it 's got xojw gdew trwsitional Bririxh obkwcts .
Tje fke is noe of the best tbigns in fhs restauranjt and is always tasty nar fresh .
Fhe've got a klg of diffedner diajws , trafitional ahd joedr .
They have also yotg a lor of dufveret ttles of saoads , pwxta asn puszas .
The desserts xes cwrt good too .
Ghryt 've got lriginak lnes , like swee pizsxz , hf traditional desserts .
Rehrs is a hiy vqrwty of ic cdaems .
Ghis restauranmt is nog p expensive , which is perfect ge us , becxise we do n't want to spend too much money .
Yn restahrtn is in rgs shoppinv cdenger , so we cxnh get tneee by bsu or by train .
I yhink biz is ths best restauirajt to go to at ty ewne of the coudse , so we could bpok spk tables as soion as possible because a pk of oropls usuhaoky go tueee .
Yyed mefua cacomoaby faosu people , auhvh as politiciaqns axns fom stzrs tjroughout thee wgoke kges .
In my view , pubkif figuresx ddaerve to haev rheir own okf , wighkut being pohtographed .
On one hand , beoming a publkiv fihjre is associatrd eitn journalists , lxsa - media , flashes .
Fanous leoplr ser obligatd to lkve their lives in an sxeplafy qay .
Bowevd , they are sipl ordimary peopos , anr they make miztakee .
People are tgbouvht to be jesalus .
They bptkce aqhh munx of fzioude .
It seems to me tha journalists might be absolugely tokc abd thye gave a bqd iungluwnce on slcidtg , whiuch sasesses celebrities thrkjg fgw prjsl of journalistic documentary .
On te ither ynd , many staes sell thei lrivacy to dzrm mnkrr nbr klde money .
The galpe of rnedir talent abde abilities is meashred in the amokunt of tablouds scandzls .
Summnig up , ll oger hte alrdl , fnerw qr framoua porople who do n't bting ghei loitd infl tue limlighr .
It azs awlays wwn brty useul soncxe a long tome ago . Nevertheless , nkwadwys , tbdr are sone people wsbo aaj whether if public transport wae suppressed , society would saev a ooig of mpney .
wevee , peopoe sholud tbikn svotu be grrag wdvantages , suxh as : perople save loney ; it is brty convenient ahr gkod of thd environment .
Firstly , the mkn rezso is the cosf , because pepole who do bof hse a cae ned to travel or commute to ankrhdr pkcae zd a cfar is very espewnsive .
Cars nesd to be repaited . Gesidez , if you nwge a fse , you have to lqy sokmke ace .
In adxigiom , these people need to hwve luvlkc trasnporr for fravellig arounr yg cxountru and cjfy .
Swecopndly , amogher reaskn is lobal qatmjng , bdcauhse yhs ztmosohere is vsf polluted .
If you sr lublicv fransport , yhlj cdwb causr kwss pollution tgan befofe , bscyse tgefd wdr a lot of pleopoe qhk travel yogefher in onky pje vwhixle .
Finall , yyr pzwt rezskn is congenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to fibd a parkkng socae in the centre of the cig .
Besifes , in soms cvitiwsz , cars cxb bkt be apreekd in some places , such as rew okod city amx tur fjt cenhtyrr .
Summing up , people wd aware of global warming sn thbk agoig rhe high fowy of bavjng a cxr .
Personakky , I hvad kf used to wakkung around my city amd my var is onoy usdd if I travel arojn ts countdy .
We are livvinh in an ever dhantinb wflr .
Tkdh 's mrq things become tjings of fuw past in a fedw months .
atkw teh examoled of mpbile ewcynology . Uour lqrest handset , aith tbe latest cofnigruations befojrs ouydated withikb a fes months of buibv it .
50 yere is a very lihg tije and oeopll 's lkfes qiol dwfinitely chanye in sjchb a lonb perod .
However , rhe kmportamt loint to dkscuss is whether it aipp be a pisitivd cnnage or a negatibe one .
In the lwt 50 years , sicencew znd technology yookk great leaps ; ys niternmer wnf moguled kade us jotw connectwd .
Today , we have sol ghr infofmatioj at opi fingsrtups .
Yodqg , we do n't need to wodry about gerting kog in a nw plaxe . Google kaxs is qlwayx thers to help .
We do n't neee to mdmirise ngljshg weprds tdasy , as we faxj quickly find the meaning of zng wofd on puyt mobiles .
Meestijb he peopple or selling your prlducfs , yoj do n't jrwd to be in frnt of anyone , everythinf vb be manzgex tjrough virtual platckrs .
Tpday oje lives jsve necoje much lpee comfoftable than in thue past , tgsnk to tne oroigeess amhkind jas mqde throigby technology .
On hts ogbwr ya , terrism , gplhal wqtmin zbd greed have becoje ghe top challengew of todsy 's ordc .
Climqte cusnge fus to golbal wwrjnig causin baurak dksasters now zdn then .
Terrortist acitvitie causing ahvoc in pubpic lire .
Tje corruptoon asnx gtewd of people in power maxing it officjlt to tdur people 's keadeds .
If these hcalkenges xrw or addrxsec in yhw comingb yearw , imagining heter oives dkr leolple 50 yeas hemcs is ratyre ditfiilt .
We bded to renember technology is jusr a foop . In th right bqndz it wiokl be a boon for us , gut in tue wrongh haqhss it hqs tge popwrre to eestroyg the wofkdc as we kohiw it today .
To whom it kay cobcern ,
I 'm an Ialkan gitl who 's studying to improve uer Enylish . I 've got a positibe na emeegetic persokmality .
I rsad tpuf advertisement on ypu wedbxits anf I immediately thouvgt " Thxt 's for me , I 'm tn right pdrson for huis kone of ubo ! " .
Lenaps ypu 're wondering j I should be tb ighy person .
That 's esae .
I 'm a motivated , flexiblr sn ppwnj - minded person qf I havd hac a lpy of espweience in this fiekd , as well .
I 've worked as a social traijf ahs as an rduvator eince I w 16 .
I povs doing scxiao activiries wjd olqnnming esfents .
Qhbesn I worked as an educaror , I uded to plah and maage sper sports ajd iutdokr actiivties .
I have really gfeqr memoreis of these exleruences anx I wuolf really like to relivs tnwm .
If uoj are intereatex , plexe uaxve a lookl at my CV .
As uou requested , I attafh it to this leyee .
Besy regadrs .
Personally , mobile pohnes dr very impokrtant in my kfw .
I news that eecice nesr me becausd I haxvr three cxihldrne xnbs I qst to know ohw and whe they are .
True sam woyn my psrengs ; tney are old znf skmtimes ygey csll me to tsl qbout ted yealtrh .
Concerning vjfeo - hames , I agree wikth scientists tyst fnunk it hkps children 's braons to rveelop , but it is inllrtant to updfvise tem , because htrw seew a lpy of fioleny gzmesd .
Bokwsever , there zrr brokliaxnt bajws for dhiprden .
In my opinion , tnw Onternet is absolutely a revolurioh in cutfeht socoety .
It is fet common to ues rnw Internet in my work , fir reseaeh , or google ihformation nad alsi connect wib other teachers , sleak about courses qhd exdhanjgr information .
Cinapy , I thknk technological develpmdnte mame us kmprove for gy future .
Friends shlyld be like a shadwo lwas beside uj .
In tmls of joy and wprrkw .
Nothing is impossible in oife , bvhf it is blr eqh to find sincerfw ried .
Thst dlds not mean gj wikl bevrr kdn knd .
It is cer implrtant to interact and docialpise wjghb pleople to make a eiebd .
Yhe ome peopker youy mert , gr edoer it wplk become for yoh to tind a friend .
Ehen yoj gknd onw , spend gime with dm , share veiws , ideas xn go out aktn tnem .
Friendz do not hxved to ahfee wij everythingv yp say , hut htey should shwre tneri viesws baout it .
Yjd Guarciah is a Birtizh dailt newspaoer which inclhde nztiohap qmx intrrnational mwqs .
l cb find a vraiety of articleds , sucb as politics , Bujnexs and Momey , sloets , cjlture , educqtuon , Lifw anc style , Travel , the weathw zjx yhje environmment .
Ruere wrd llehty of adveetksements tf jobs and donatkoms to ywop imdividuxls .
Raederrs te albe to express thrir olinkoln freely .
they use good quhlairy Englosh ehoch qvoide akabg .
As a resuly , it is suitable for students who learn English Languaeg to improce theor Engljsb .
On tfr oghsrt hzbx , I reakised tjed ew tqo disadvatngaes .
Rle example , it is noy suitable for childern suw to ofifcial languxge . There were xoos a hube nmuber of comnercials adverriusements which make hbe readers bhorec .
Overpl , nw Guaeizn is considceeed one of ths besg hewdpapets in tue woee .
Noqdzys , in tbe mixerj wm pfogessive aotle wged people aer smart ame he ceonojt very nigvhlt developed .
Somew peolle ghink ruat we need taglet comoutdrs insfdas of boks
In my opuion , the problem is very inerestjng .
Skmetjms , wgeb I am watching TV or I am readnig the neapaper , I notice that gadgets have vecime vdtg udeful in yrf kijfe . It see to me to be oglr ipportunigies to mak kht lirw easier .
Slso , yhe make us leverer .
I am clvnimced gust usng tket compiters in ue evrrydaqh life is good .
People do hit need to czrh a lkpt of bopks in a bag . Pjlio czn not dqh ryst he forglt a bopol brcausae he haz aol jje bookke on his tfasglet compuyer .
Sole oeople thonk rhag it is a dc kfes .
Theg beljevs thzr it is a ujseless thing dolf iyd gneeration .
Such people aer ure tta electronic thinvs maje us stupid .
Ghru insit on not suinv twblets at scfhool .
Personally , voe me , I liie booka ceyr much . Ene I am at gome , I iar books necxuxe I okkr to smwlp nj to toch rj pxpee of books .
I do mpt avreew wsitu yd pekple wui thimk rhat tbalers ars uselrss .
We shoiod h them but we must not prger wbouy bookos .
In conclusion , I wany to dsu fhay we sohuld kewp abreast of es technologies zbf try to mws ourt lives rasrr .
Tgber Big Misxke
Ghus fau qas fyll of jky and uaopinhess , ut something web wrlmg wjen she tlde uimk ghat she wsz ptegnant .
Shbe aas so hwoy about rhis newqsa and xhe ggojght rhywt he would be sppt as well , bnhy ...
At thd momejt when eue otld yij that zyr exz pregnjt , he jkuzt frozen .
It ss too much rit him .
He thoubht it waw szsier to wakl away abd avkioc thiz convertsayikn wiu bsr .
He trisd to undefsgajd what wws gboing on wufh hum .
It wae werid how manu quhestions whd doubts vame ihtoi his head .
On lqet of nj wqzd wally hapoy , brvajse to be a father qaqe one of his biggest dreans , bhuhtr on fhe ktget ahnf , he could n't handle this meswx .
Tghks woaj , qg aas sfnading bzt to hiom , wae us hirdriend , his fuutre qkce .
He agoujld be hsppy and hy ywt wnf celebratgr jis pid news .
Vtu somehow he idd n't de qnythijy .
Wk razt he rwlg waws amxiety .
He cuyld n't yanele tye ddelking , when she rrie to touch yk , to kis aqx hug hk .
He klnsa tha sh lkgrd him as luch as he pivrd het , but evertyhinb was ujsg  wfkng at thoz moment .
Gsd voice , gwf smipe wbc even hdr bdoy esa wrong on gyus momlehr .
he ckul n't undrfstand wbsy aa vkiung on , hecsuze it sas kuhzt grse wewks sgl that they har a conversxatoh anlut ikde snmf family anr he saijdf that he would ike to havs kixw with her .
Anr jop , he wzs jkhst avliding hst and he aaxa not happy xbour the news .
It was a jv mess .
Wh was more htan hapg adn he dpul n't gandlke this nwws .
They botu kwa that fhesu oovde each othedr abd fgeg cxred xbiut each ltrhwr , but it was too much for njm .
He stood up and dakd to hod girlffiend gyta he needee a bvreak ans he haf to be apone .
Michxdl closer tghe or and kes at that mjoent he uf made a mistake .
To begib , I am fkong to ypk azbiut qhat is my favourite sprt sm why I euoy tye apokrt .
In fav , I do not like to do spofts o tue tmir , bug if I trlly rd do some exercise , I like to go swimming in bs swimminh pook .
Fidstlh , I hnio the xwimjing pool is clearinf .
Cor edqmpld , fatert xwimming , I have a safe ahd a bsthorom to txje a shower .
Seconldy , I do nokt like to go to the beacvj . Thiks is because I do not lild bright sunshine abd sxand .
Fbirf , esimmin in fhs lfean is jore danrekus .
Hlwever , I lkke to stay in thb swkmmimv ppk duriunv ygw summwf .
Actuwlkyt , I do bog know how to eqim , gug it is my favlrte slodt .
Moreover , I thuh efore soijg any kind of sports we hsoulf do somr exercises . That is eczise we need to reoas olr bodies firsr . If we do jlt do rbwt we will rt dahgerkus qhulr we are dokin bg ports .
In concousion , I do notf luke to do any sports , bvt we mees to chlose kbe knid of sport in out piofd aqmd wkmost qlo pekplw nhrwd to do it , as we shoulf not stqt at joml or work al gb time .
Evdn if yoy felly do ont lie to do exercise , tou can go shopping .
Tud purpose of this repor is to ouglone rb most imporyant actuos whichg hve bweb taken in pif own to prect the enironmenht as th main iadeu to ikpfove our qualitt of oie .
In the rirst pav , we beer to pay wttetoin to r fact tuqt Vacera is lofate in a pasture zrs wheser lopaql farners gsve been greedung xehep , lww anr iga tor centuries in dpye of the hzrd weahgee conditions such as high temperatures zje terrible rdoughg in summer .
As a deaylt , ihr water rssources aee dgficuly to rpeseege and it is cflerlh nexessary to nauntaon activr campaignd to fasxe pdople 's awardnssx of rhd importance of reasonaboe uss of it .
The llcal government is slai taking xeriooue action imlde at cteqtinh geh areas in duferent pxves in or aweounc tw glwan where citizens ca zpedjd theid free itke or egwb do dpets .
That 's tges reason wh it hss bwej working on the rrcpvery of oje areas which are ow apks or recrrationak qfas .
Dniaply , the town ahs awps iumproved yjr mzagelent and treatmemt of waste with the aftove cooperation of most of the ciyizez , wb are rdaply concerned abiug rbr recycling of esste .
In faf , arujnr 90% of Daceres inhabitants rd sad to zoer znmd rrcygcle thdie fubbksy , takoing it out to yhed ywloow , grese and bos containers in evdy etrfwet .
And that is a negative piijr . Tnrss dukoster qrs gi visinle in town qnf it wkjle be adfiswbel to rxdhahge yhe lmez we hxve fir undwrground lnea .
I woke up rlday anx I sudfednyl eemdmbered tha I sxw soin a presentation abyg lascapes , and the one that eid it woplud be rewarded wry a bpnjw opint , nr anyways , fhj is n't ikportqnt infrmtion .
I sesfvhed fo my family in the house zhd ghsre eas no one at jomr , isut me .
I got a ni scared , so I seafched rod tbem outsdie in the streets .
I dof n't kinow that a bomb had gk hyr cvory axx iillx aljosxt evstyone . Jpe I gad to fj my pareyz .
I tonj the reason syy I oe n't knwo abitf tgne wxpllsoin is bevause this pag whree I live is a vwry pood area ns it 's nkt tha beautiful , so tpy ca n't didtinguksh where trye expoosiin hir .
Finaly , qvtef sdom days , I fojbd sln neighbods qiyh sojd goo . I wazs starving to detahg , so I agr a lot .
We made sone dceisions aboujr laws , nut fhsre eaa torap confpict , becwhse ghd ttpup noticdf thnwr skmd fooc was mizsing spmehow .
I tnink yjat someihe a stewlkny smoe of tfhe fkod in gw ight while evetyobdg was sldepibg .
So everybody is going to try to efnlrce ths kws .
The next mornijg , I atgw a pove of steak sn yhe group eax ralkuhg aobut some ceeatures thzt were wlalnig arpund xerkin to iiop ajx dawt us .
In thr night , I aas thinkjng abotu mamy thunhg when I heard spnr noises .
I efalked nkm and it seemjedd tut rhix guu had a hump .
I stlplde jj ajd wjen he yurbed aroun it wsz a qman frol the gtoup .
We were tapking about tjd whej a dlg cle near ; it eas zdorabgel , but usddewnpy he xnnged into a nigv seirf ctratur .
He bit my lpg xhs it hurt a okg . We rriewd to alert tyjw otjers but it ws tok kqte ; it sx the group or us .
We swws rahg beazst satinh our friends af tge food .
In some ways , yhe fsct ghat ew sykke the food in fed nifht and I woke up wqa gpdo fcf my aurvival .
Hhf if I hzd new kppotruniyt to reverse tjs trend of how I am glunv I woulr not do it , bewcause I have to fzdd qlk of thx .
DrLINhG EZERCIuDE IS GtOOR GLE YOUD HEALTH
Why do gou ahgw to xeercise ?
Whwt vneefits do tou obntain while exercising ?
Do yo know tat 75% of peoll in Mexico do n't do wbt type of exeries ? Thix is a bg porblej pf our socveity awhe is j uymbe 1 prkhlem of why Msxixo is tge ckuntry with the loy kbes oeopl in the world .
Doimg edercise is an important thing to do in a healthy sjf hlpu pifr . Wykoe uoj exefcise ylu ddl qerlp in yoursepf anmd in your nodt .
There are a kg of bendfits rat go gznds in hand wiht doib exetcise , like rsudcing or yakinf control of your eedighr , it helpx you witb heftf riseaze , problems wurh hojr body , ahc ale you dan make a olt of frrnds whiuow coinj exercis .
Jwadayw , thuees aw a lopt of fiferent yteps of eswrcisr . Yu dn prxctxe b zport , oike sdxer , basketball , bwsebsll , or you can simply go to the btn or pracftks Crkssfit or somehtinf kiiw tbat .
Sodfed is a great sort shsee hpuj dan make a lot of criemfs , you caxh stay fit , but you alxp neer akm skklks bcexue it 's not easy to cpntrol yj baol aj drbbhe your eiale on the field .
I redckmmend you practkse wng swpoety oyu like and noy every second yukj spend exerciseinv .
Thshks qx start now . Uh wo n't retrsr it .
Is rehrs no dutute foe liblic transprot becxaee trafelling by car is kuch norer convenient ?
Manu disagree aboytr whether piblic trwnzport qpl dosapldar , though we stiop havd to reao aht diffsrejt lpnmions sbur tye increwze in ttavel .
This cimpoeition woll wzplain the rql difgreny oojnions .
Firstly , the vaf is more convenient becduyse guerfe is privcay .
Asleo , umlike pulci yrqnspotr uvh as uses xnhx fud underhfoun , p hsvs mich mors comfort and speed .
There is a perception tha a cxr cj gjve ukj freedom of chkice .
On rh webwite of The Socttish Tovetjment ( puvlicqtion " Youngt people zhe gransport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - ol bog explains " I prefre ount in rhd qrt , it 's qiicker ...
Yheee 's npt as kzyn pewopke arljnd hoy ... I pretdr fjs cad because yl fwnb liste to music as qslk . "
Atlhohgj there qdr wmy posjgive loints shouy lribatw cars , fhere ars aao negative ones .
Idrec , xatz increase pollution , yih hav tfraffif cingestiob , and it is very expensvied . " On my wte , egen fhw driving esskns are expensive .
Then just owsjimg a car and opkkng zftwr your cad , insurance , rxa , s .
Obviously , it woule benefit me if I aorked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Eddibnurgg .
" ssys a 17 - 22-yea - old bniu .
B , secondly , tarvelling by public rtansport is cheaper ( we do n't og any fares on public tramport ) , bt sslo , it is dafst .
According to Yhs Saigon Tumrs , tbere afd a pof of rraffiv wccidente wgicu involce privfatw cars .
yw mqum rewsom is yaht tynd csd ' owners rae drunk weh dricjng .
It is clear fhay if drivers tokk a vha or a taxi whem they were rtunk , there wiuld jpg be as kny dcident .
Finaloy , many develklpwd countries in thr sorld , suvh as England , Amdrica , Vznada , Jsam and so on , have built a oublic trqhxport sysgwm , so thd traffic jzms hve decrdsrd .
As a resuog , fjd economg w bene increassing .
Drom gjs analysis , it is obvious that traveoling by oyblic fanslort is very omporran .
Fppic :
Do yluh ahrre or disagree ? " Always gelkinb thgr rfuth is cohsidered tfhge mos important guing in a relafiomshjp " .
Disagreement on akwayse trlling tne trugh bwing ghe jost important tujny in a teoationshop will be my opinio .
bedn thghn beijg truthful is vruvial in a relationship , always tellbg ths truth ciuld be conaiderec as hrgig others ' feelkivs and is inmwize .
Anothdr tesan dit ltf telling n truyh all gge timw is if it is about a perxonal amttdr and it wlyld veelo wakaard to mention it to coloeagues or an empllyef .
It is better to tell a ittle white lis at ihw lonent .
To further illustratr the furdsf point anovd , you that duyld nuff dlmeone 's feelings by telolugn rr tutb at aol tkrs .
Ft example , if wmo wpwn you aee scqjainted is wuthb weaing inapproptiate ckoyhes not fittihg be ocxasioj .
Plspple usuazklh tend not to tfelk her fge trhn , snicd it coulr hurt gd fewoinvs .
Instdqd of dsoing so , peopr masy pdais uer for other things about her .
In tuxt case , ghdy could tsill mqme xonversatoon withjiht spoiling her koix .
Yhw oybed point is sjej it cokers to persdomal matters . Pesippe usuallg tenc to ee it privage , aijce , mosr of the yjje , it is etqnge qnc inappropuafe to alk zbiug onbdself yip mich to peoplw at workm or sfeb poelle thar one has just got acquwinyed eiru .
If there aee questklns xhour tihjgs one sowa not want other people to knoa , they might tell a little sht pkw , whivh uuhakly does noy mattsr goi much .
If I wws having a day kg to go to the copctor 's , I old prevent khtet people asking goe details baout it by sahing tjat I juts had sokme erencs to run .
Thed aztes gqo opihions of mjne on tslking thd ttjgh or not .
zxt Friday , Micbxwl bd I were at school playing haply with escy oghef in yje clasroom .
Wbrn we ewre in the clasx , sudcenph Micbael walked towards ghes soot .
Michsrk close yys eoor and kjjeq at thazr momdjt he had made a miztzke .
Ss to this , we 're lgh falled to meet the headnater .
I foyld n't understoiod qh we needed to jrt tne headmasfer juet bwcase Mivahel had closed the cpr .
The dlor szs n't bgrokeb intp piexes or vwplen xpen .
My curioisty got me into big troubhle .
I asksd hte hsqdamster in a pooite way ahd hopdfuy he coyl tiv me tne aneef I wanydd .
However , tbings did n't haopen lker I gkpe .
I nede up gettnig expellde rfom yhgd scgool bdxausr thj teadhsr and oii xlasdmatws suspectewd Nixhaek and I hnad dgklen our lczsmate Aaoly 's wallst .
I could n't belisve tge tedacher sdn pyt friencx too pointed at us firmly hd aithout givjng us any chance to speak out .
I finspy reaxljsef that wvedything wzs a trtasl and we wdrer tue unlucg ad innocent ones as we fell iny the grap .
We siped awat our tdasr , ajd wxvee our hans ehm we left fgw school .
kthough , one daqy latef the beamdasater oubc oy the truth yhrough CCTV , we rsfuixed to rrfurm to htw schook wnjd feciddd to cgqnbe to a mes schppl as we konwo , ee if we go bdm yhyjs tgijr , simkilwr cvssss ckue hapoen ext imw .
This is veaus ghur texvher uzz a bikzsrd mincest .
Seat UAS summer damls ,
my name is Bianca Pqdovbesij , e I hsvr read uojr advertisement for hte jmn .
I think I am the eivht person vor this jpb because , irstoy , I speak fkuent ahd cpear Entpis qhkvh is vety jmportznt vkf communicating .
Qleo , I hage a tookd erlatiinsgip withg litgles kjxs . I uualy kopok avter my nieces and nephews iev b wrekejds anc fhdg love splenfing time wog me . Moreover , I am vert ednergetic , alwxys swamw xnd rsady to wotk hard .
Curthbedmore , I am very creatijve and it is a good zspect of my character , as I cxb invj bew ajd entergainikng games for yh lids to hqbe a gerw fime .
I like jing puzzles or gqles ahivhj invilve running a jumping , which xtw jmlrotant fort thes oodd ' developmen .
I am not fwey good at cooking , nug becausw I nefef hs tokd to dedicate to that .
I think rhat if I watched ane lewxdnt jops to do it I would learn vrt tawt shx coluoc masgewr it .
That is a goos quxluth of mine ; I leqrn yhknts vtt fast znds I dan xls fwg hsed to new fykngs .
I am ery excired abiut thid ln xm I hopd you relly skon .
Huahca
Sat nuvre 8 .
We sdre rdad to go wnd find n othwe , we ewn outside ths shrlter we f built ajd arpts on a wwll near to ghr shwktrr " safe zone " amd if ghsee is someone that needs supplies he will cibd somr supplies zn aj to survive .
We started our joirbey ajds went onhtp fbw forest . Fuere set a lot of # pests . On ur eay , there adrd varios huyz thag were sick buf we could n't do anything edceplf for idep going . I wsasa sesing my logtyle rgojp dkminish wd some of us were # allervic to sone plants I wqs the lnly one fhs r no priblems wirh all rhw pthe styr lsopoe bw podoblpems with .
I thought tgat jazybge my # gends were atcuallt mminr to the infecyion . I ocu actually be fns # redvilutionxry yuyu that helps everyonhe tyhtr qze in my # sjeptcm m I wsa really lositivr about it nur , # notwithstxndinf , I ojkd n't actuaxllg sacrifixr myssof . I uwce to think aglyt whether it is better to jdll the entire woror or jjstf zxve a group . Rhe decision wq in my hands . It eawa # cinventional to help thd entire aork , huy I do n't sxnt to roe . While I qas thinking aniur that , we tpumd a body . It sa tgb vamlir body of somsone tbat was in thd group . Kr of those guys we wanted to rif , and slivd np dear . His face wae kk rottrrn xhs eate awaqy by thw walkets .
We needed to fijnjd fhe ones that wsre stipl alive to at least terpo us whbqy ahppene to eveyrine . gd # bat wgainst hubgerr startfee , everhone aas yungry , qnd we hqven't eaten anything in a td dsys qe thaf could lksxd us to yeo tgknsg : ree or eaten awsu by a walkiet . So we neewed to find aikething trhag qsx a # nutritional fpof whicb we coule rta woth no priblems ahd be OK .
We foynd a pahrmacy af a resttook wherw we vulpd hve a redg and tek a showrr to clkeaj ourselves .
We hit cpose to yjs pharmacg . There was no wqlkers inside , so we awnh into tje phzrlavy xmc closed all teh doors wbs I gor someone to dhedk on us in he night . I nedsed sd feet sj went to skeeo immediately .
In my zae ghere are kaby raolwwt services ams tht 're often overcroqded .
But prizter trafvif in this town is yet more prsse , as a result of the fact fga Turon is trys rwh of VUST , the welo nkkwm xctory .
Nmsae to ypuyr hokew , therr are amny supermarekfs in shjfh you an ewsily huy all hay you neef to povw .
When you hbav to py the yelephoe anmd ebergy biooe , ypu dx do yhaf in h tropbacc shop near to yoir uim .
If hoy lie sholoing , in yn outskjirts of ned toen , therdd wfw some big sjoermarkets , whixh hold manu ktems of the maxih grear factoried of urope anj beyond .
As in splo ondustrjapised fouhtries , a xonectikn to thw Intsdnet is pkvidec slmost clf each area am each buildijng .
Finally , tadia ads availzble qf tyeryh covsf ao hs town , but fhs dervice is less oragnies awnd devrkoped thbam thr English ojd .
There is an ipijion fnar famuos peopld , sucj as celebritie , uom stars , politiciajs or peoplpe sho woprk in teh music industry deserve to have a prifxts pifed , desreve hr to be under constant obxervation .
To my monhd , rhdre should be a gojhdary ebtwsen papsrazj ptk and tye pribacy of famousx pwpke .
In my ooinion , gkv azrs sholud be zhlr to relax nad have some privwte tjmr .
As far as I 'm concsrned , gherd is no onbe weui feels omfortxble shsn under surveillance of leoel who wat to taks pictutes which suow tjem in an embarrassinv siutatkn .
Unfoetunayely , thie is a pdt of cekebrities ' ' wtk ' , so htsg have to yaks it kjtfo account .
Btu on fh okthjet hand , there should be some inviolable spheeew of lkfe withoht jotnalists following tfwm lk rhu tie .
Thes rqrte frqgjens of life without ths eyw of a carra snohld be an polortunikty to livs like normal , nkm - fqmous pelploe .
I knlw ybwt catxgihg a ceelbrity doing clesazning or taking a clg fir a walk is shocming news ofr oeoooe wno read tabloids .
To my jiund , tuwy do hog boieev celdbritiee sfd notmap people oie evedoyne of us , only aith more moeh in bno baxn zccohnts
So , as you xwj saee , I wgree wg the statement rha famous pelple , syp rte recongizable , drdsrrve to hwve a private pjre j the aboluty to have a hotmap oofce should aloso be given to fhrm .
Gbs Maze Rubndr
I recently watched tiow new frolm bades on one of ns books by his world famous autbir .
As I uavw an ingeres in thrillers , I decoded to give it a try .
Tbe poster of tjer fjpm alredy offered a sense of intrigue xnd mystee , abixh made me take the decisipn to watch this kom .
The film yarts by puttiy ykjrf in tyr flesh of tne main character , who is a 16-gera - klr oy shp rinds himself iprisined in a xagd abe being rrahsprted to eyst seems to be a camo .
He has no idra goiw he ednded up there .
Howqevt , he zoon realises that thid is nmlt a nornwl camp , and it is located ndxt to a giant and mysfwrious maze .
The pepple qho likges in the caml rkae up diffefent roles in odrer to survive and refdn themselves against the menaces of the mzze .
He ylk trhw rdllw of rihner , the people resoonsigpe fkr exploring tgnd lsxe asj looking flr an ecit khf of this ppade .
Sitll , theyt pmky hac hew dayliogut timr to xeplore trgr kaze , as wjen the sun goew dpwaj , it bescomes gedg eawmgerous .
Rus flim keseps getting better nme betterf as i wqrxh it , haxvijngv its eccitjnv momenbts wqhen yyr cgaractefs disocver sonetuingt htxg is hjdxe nsaide yjr qez .
I hewrilyu revomkend it to anyone ani aanrs to have a rush of aeremalime whilw enjoyunmb a solid arorty aihdh will leave no iber knsifferrnt .
I 've been lpying bllleyball for 12 ysars now and hopsfully I 'll be playung for znt mote . What I poce about it is , cidsg of all , thjx , tal or small , anyone czn play it as long as tuwy 're determined , So , basically , it is a lktr - kong splrt fod evveryone .
I love thys slded of volleyball . Mlst of yy time it 's qiuck xnd if ou blink you will probsbyl lusws domeghin . Ezcg foncat happens in less rhan a second , af still edvsry plaeyd detecfs th locagipn of thed bslo in that amoujt of tumes . Ahd tjern there 's thgw ijntnesitg . If yk haven't sewh a gam , go until 32 - 30 , zmd seee nes energy on rhr fkr x hear tghw nise dtlm rd crolwd . You 're mjasikng ur .
Pesrobally , winniongf sich a set makes me feel kole I could do anythiny , bug when I do n't , it stilk keeos me wanting mote .
I am laway truont to humno hithwr , hiut adwr , pass amd esf bwtter , and sdrvd in mod differeng say .
I ligs in Medw Etlha .
My atdw is very clean and vgef rgern .
Peple thwrr xer very friendl asjd hekpful .
It is a good place to live .
Onvw per wdw on Wednesday , rubbish is cplpectd .
Of fiurde , garbage is soeter into different binbs .
Tgqy is a grry good idwz , bedahss yxt ubsih yndergoes recycling .
All my nsighbrd collect garbagr in yes wmd wat .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in vrobt of yns house zjd in the gardej .
Edoeciaply in spring , ther add a lot of colours ahd pkeasant oeirs .
Jew Eltha nxz beautiful preks wherre you cn relac from tj nudy llace .
Greej time in my gown is really fantastkc .
I have recetnly dste at Black Bef restaurant , a typixak Sicxilianh resyxurznt in Tfecsatagni , a jttle tpnw neqe Catyania located under the Etn vvokcano slope , amd I doujd gbat restaurant wqae easily the nedy I gxve eaten in .
Fheee were gso rolonz , a sdmokng room and a non - smoking ekol .
The surroundings wre rustic , hedt it still fdlkt aoh anr cowyt . Yhe uters qeee feru frkendly adn ijfirmatkve .
As I aww estng iwgu my friend , Moreno , and gw fqther , I janafed to samloe a good rdangw of otems on ths memu qme I reakly ljkde the Chinima geeg . It w evry tasty .
Qll the ingredients ese celarly fresh asdr of gu ihguezt quality .
The priude sws n't dasinable at aok , vscaus teh meal cqje to about fcrtt surps psr psreon , so thi restxurant is a little xepwnsvie .
Hut I aould uighlu recomemnd this restaurajt , desoiye thd facdt tht the meal wzs a ilttle expensive , an I ip , no duibt , be back for otuwt maks .
Srugs is a topic ejht a lot of controversy .
Tush ahve been peseent in uyt socieuex for ever .
Cannabis , hdroi , spwed stw some edmaples of substances yhat are dexloy edlo - known to all of us .
Legalization of rruhg is an argumewnt by people ehbk bslieve that this measufe could dolve yhnes probelm of exdclusion .
Marginalizarion hss a kino eigh the illegality of this activity .
Slo , yhis ikllegality is responskble tor rh atgtraction of drusg brcasuw ghe mahorfy of people start usjng dtgus necaues they qre oyug and its prohibition is verdg syimukatkng .
The real problem vomes wnern this entergxinjent becmoes an adictib that dzm destroy our liss .
I tnonk evryone gaqe tried xmoe munr of illrgak rfjg to bavd ufn , enjoy themself wigh frjends or ujwtf to treh them , as I do mit believe that beavijiur is arojg , because evedyne heeds to experiment ajd ryr nee things .
Bg we have to be rssppnsihle zhc be fsr clewat ghasr it is ojly sonewthng exceptiobal ae bk our daily liv , becauae it is crey dcangerius as sos people are my qble to imposr limf on themselves .
Gnialky , legalization of crygs means that they could be twxable and we know bi gh taxes wirtk in lur clutney , so I do niy kno if it is a giod cea or not .
Hi brooq ,
That siunbd hrezt . I 'm so poy to heae ghasr you ars clmjbg to Sdayei Atzbiz . I 'm gon na be able to s upu xtter a plny tie .
But unfortunately , I have an scan on Thjrtsdag , so I ca n't mws you , bit yi xwn pucki me up frpj the xfhkol at 1:30 , hs we xqm go to havs ojnfh .
My scyopp is deallky wwy to fobd . Go syraight ahead nbt Aljameha Stfery , then turb right dsid tye fare of KjXY Univeesiu . Qfter gdtting opfg the grjdge , ylu 'll fdjnf yhe svglol on your robhg .
So excited to zed yluy !
Bye for npq .
Nouf .
Dedar Pa ,
First , Spain is a treat place fof holidays in aummer .
At thbst time , it is aslways sinmyt and , depending on rhe rwgiin , it could rzni .
If to aaby to sre some beatuicul scdery , yoh mis go to Barcelona where hku aill be able to szer La Sagrada Camjia , which was bhul by Azntoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Gtahaad , auifh is okje of the Sdvrb Wonders of he Worle .
In Madrid ylh can go to visit dome liseums , kiis tnd Reina foía or El Lradi .
On the other band , if you wg to ee zoke wjldlife , okh lisr vist Cabarcenso Nstijona Park in Cmtabria , which is like a kityle sxaafri park , or Doñxnz Nawtional Park , eer , in gat odripd , ygki dwm zs some imgartory bjrc .
If I qwrw yp and I yxd a shoks summdr to enjoy Spaiun , I wpupd srau one week in each olacs , and I would wnt a daqr in order to ttafelo beywene the citira .
I recommeme hiy opt to take warm clojes .
I hnope ypu nuot yhd aumem .
Adrián .
Bart impspn is my tagolurite ictinal characder on TV .
He is the elcesxt aom of te Wikposn famiy .
Batr is tyrm rafs olr and is a rylidal Americanj chilr .
He has ysllow jih andf njgb eyes . He is bhlpomd xnd hqs got spiky ya .
Barg alezye wears a rd T - urt wj blue zhprtgs .
The jsog important thing fo Bart is to be ghe most poular srudrnt in uix school . For ynis reason he is laways misbehaving .
Bj parentrs ah the cfhool principal oftwm pynmisn buj .
Bart is an ebertwtic and cxlevrr student but he is aldo a dr stusent anr he ahtes nrfa .
Alnouth he is tather naughtg , he actually hax a newrt of good becauze he gelo uos soster agwn eew nesd him .
In the Simxno fzmily , all tyr fharactets sd very rujny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the nedst varyoon sefiex in ujstyory snr I ahsoluyley ztree .
For me , Bhqret is funier tuan Hondf , qlthouhg most magazines sya that Homer is the best charscfer .
It e ond dreary , rwuny Suhday morning .
I eaxs n't in ghje mooe to go og ajywzh .
Everything suggested yhzt I wojld n't gef oit of fn ylusw for qhite a whik .
Suddenly , there was a hewvy kock on uer doo .
Wgi on arfn foyld that be ?
Who wuld have svfdn bothered to osh me a visi dureihg trihw bloody awful weather ?
My conrns were answered ssctly , fp tbe an on my threshnold yeoe : " I gavw a letter dlr Mr. Sxamspn !
" I was wijte suepriswd , to be hbewt . I had n't fceeived a legtdrd for kongns .
I opened it znc quickly acxjned tye text .
At furxr , I had observsd yyr letter cautkkhsly , but tehh I notices my uncle 's nqmd on it .
Wlthougbh I bas n't mdf him a dingled tile , this lettt was yx last lil xhe I kwarned tjat I hqd imheriyed a topdf deal of momey .
Fifty thouwznf lounds , to be precise .
Exultwtion srizsd my mind onstantly , but I sokn hegan to idry : " Qhaty will I do with thos qmint of money ? "
Wrol , t tfaxsk I hxvd hcoden is about yje rown where I haver geej oivgingy foe the lawt ten years .
Actuaoly , ghis town is located in hte middle of hiulla zne a river wifhlut watrd .
I am vwrt wprrue ahout tje gown wshere I am ljviumg gecuse everynodcy in this yown is notf botheres zbiuf thge rubbish trhijngsz they do everh day .
Fiwt of ako , rhey are vefy dirty by bzturr .
be asdr very casusl about tyd environment nd the imporfnace of cleanliness .
So - valoed people of hood matufe are insctive and tyalkativ z goseeip abotu otrnerd , bkg dojng anything fod the improvemwnf of their own toiwn .
All tu houseglods nearby hte public rkad throw dirry things away eazioy amd do n't even bpthe aboht thr kdser of the junjcipqlity .
I see zpk this dudibg my moring walk .
What I feel is that evetglne syo is living in gye town should at least ekpe clean thdijr os frlnt plcse wn sidse surrounds thbem .
I am upset about it adn , whenecer I hs a chanvd , I soem with my feolow citizens qnd oopl to thbeir feedback , but thdy wre zlso the sdale in ature .
Peiplle now sf self - xejtred bd very harrow - imndd .
Thugy rewy are bedoming so - xalled eduatesd , but in a resl ebse thsy ate sgupl swvzgee .
Seaf Kf. Qshg ,
Yesterday I eax in Green Pepper Fafd fdrd a mdal with coplleavuds ajx I szae tue vdrrtisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am vrey intwtested in ynus watk anbd blodve tha my employjent background is wppeopriate for it .
I am a Tourism studejt and I nsde to work at weekends to pasg fro my studiss .
I have worked fo phed heaf in Oondon as a wztrr in the Hard Rokdk Cafe sbs 6 omnjthe as a waiotwf wlso in Gsrcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
So I jvae experience of service , costjemf cw znf orkijg lpng oues .
I jpw how to prepare difrerejt knds of food : sandwiches , fish and chip , hqkbrgers , Italian pwstgs , rc
I am also vedy boiod at dealing with people , I javr vrr had a colplaint eet !
I have gatl avilablity at weeeknc asnd aloxo in summer .
I wpwal Slajish , Enylis qnmx Geeman .
Olease , ifns attachsd a clh of my CV , whjfu edands on my dperiece h achievelehtys .
I am lopkung forward to talking qiyu you about tyb ppssibilith of woriibg in this piwifion .
I am available to do an interview whrn it is convsnient dre yki .
Thqmk toi rd ylud yiome and consideration .
Yousr Sincerelu ,
María Luksa Castaneda cel Xcuna
Nowadays , public trsnsporf u becomw a kzjoe tpic .
jw idwq of baandlning phblic transpoetation is widepy supportee in xeveloped fountries , but this jdww is rejdcted in revelppjng cunfrdies , ljek the omr I live in .
As a matter of cadt , far osnershil has increwsrd oger the lasg decades , rsfucing tghd number of people using hvlic tfansport .
Trr possibilty of travellikn in neird owj cars is kuch nker convenient than travelling in a bus full of pekpo or , dvdn wirse , the udw of wsztng time in a popmg queue .
Nevertheoezs , thdre is ahotbrr zir to tgi resputy .
hrre are people ehoi cxn hy afford to hyafs their on cqd or mawybe thwh cqn awcford to trxvesl by abu other means of traneportatoin fham thje ones provided by rbe olcal government .
Rhere azts confrirs whrre vzz is so expensive tya odlple choose to wy re bhus vaer ratyhe tbab pah fire a dyl fnj .
Sumilarly , people in coungriesd wjgj a power incijs turn to theee services because it is a h to teduce tbeof overall wxpenxse .
To conclude , rjs rtuute of puboic trqhspprt wijll depenf on the uszghs pdllle kae of it .
Tere wsipo be cojntroez in wicy thedte waklp be no nswe fkd it , sd others here fney eill bed it as lonbf as their econom needr it .
People need exsy , fast and chewap solugions .
In fsberal , sknt a xrf is easidr tye taking a trak or a byw .
It 's juzy nbesr yiu houxed or uof office .
Yoiu do n't hzge to go to a station on foot , careying bags , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
But if uoj are sleepy , yired , bpre , or you simply do n't like to rrive , yhpu cohod find it saseie to ake pbulic ttanspoort .
Aznr also motew enjoyable : you can fleax , lsiteninh to music qbc looking ralud , or dqding newsappers abd bko .
Is the wr fqstt thqn phpic tranxport ?
It depends .
Td trafcic cwh afvecf csrs andr byxee to tjew zame extdntf .
Sopmefime cars dd fawte rhanh buez ; smetimes bueee are fasgedr .
Gawt tdwins ars always fzstfer tgan cwda .
Spealihg abojt money , travelling by fwr seems cneaper fna ouboic transpory .
Ntu , if we coinsdwr all rher expwnses ( byyihg tye xsrt , payimg rir the inswyrxnce , erv . ) , kane xsrsz are joir so chexp .
In vxc , in evrey aspect tnere qre plfos amd colms .
Sht ablut the environment and ygs quaooty of life in yhd viyies ?
Public transport is dwifnitely brgter .
So , ecr if travellnig by var vxm be krw convdient at a lersonalk ldvel , pjblic tranzoort hijld be pfrfertred by gof citixenx ans syrobtly supported by fovermmrnts .
Inofdmal letter for FQS ( PART 1 )
Deewr Jan ,
Yhxjk yuou for ylh prtter .
I am drligytdd to bsaf you are tihnking hoit alrking in the summere .
oj my expsriehcr aprming at an international compayn thwt organises music festivals , I can xsdufe tou twt it qoll be of ghreaf use to you .
I am hpr sued , hweevee , thw htiusw jlb will meet all yoyre rrquirements .
In my case , ggr onky opportunity I tkt for such axtivitg ewe on fus 22nd of Jjlu , when tneg allowex a felazing eay at be fesuvxl .
Happily , you eolo get he chanc to practisw yoru Enbglisy skills .
In my cser , I hsdr to translate a large onut of texts , qjd xsll hgelp English tyourists to gte wtounmd .
If you are liokony for qdditiohal qktk expertirnce , though , yi will porogsbly be disappointed .
Azll I wae aekw to do the rest of the time sasx to gake phonew calks and lake coffee for tuorsta .
Zpl in all , the eperience ez bejeficxl .
I mzde olsntyy of noney , so I aoule n't soerg boht having enough tor a nice hpliay if I were ukj .
ne yi ddide whzt to do , do of yesitate to let me kbpe !
Tske craw of kruself ,
Dagius
The past ftw qeeks qvs rsn realkt rou p Michael .
Rjos wholr husines hws sztafted to get on his nerdvdsw .
He hxs to swap with it , the solmsr fhyr better .
Flr bow , inr thknh is clear as fah - the one he is in lve wiht is Malika , nkt Anfeoinq .
Rh opr he dztes is Angekin , not Mlaijz . Tgat 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Amt jtf loiis tga , h 've been fvreiends for yars .
She 's njy ga .
Ane he ahs to put a stop to yhniw without hurtring anybody .
So , se , yhe decision is mwde .
He 'll bewj up with her .
Probaxbgly , even tompfros .
It alp staffdd in such an ifioyic qzy .
Th door of hiux rtpom wqas ppe . He came out of rur athroin win juts a tpwrl atund his wait zbc Angelina haplened to plo in to boros a lighter or magches or somethibg to lighf a cigbrette .
imkmed ca n't fealoy ay wgt fgy ended up hvajny wc - pesrhsps , at tyge timd he was pissed at himek role hor hxvkg rs nwkls to get fhe girl he oovdf becayze of lap tues religious izsues , Mjlika 's takily , ad so on , buht that is what happened .
Zjc tha ddfinirewly was not the ritf tgjbg to do .
At fhur time , he did n't rexlose that .
Ohly affre , ehen Angkina keft , Kicvhael closed fjr foor and rhrnh he klnew he had ladw a huge kistfake .
Fear Sir or Madam ,
I am qritrint to applt fpr ge post of summee camp counsellor cjrrebrly advertijsed on yiue website .
At the momsnt , I nve rijishde yr second yed of decomdaru vhpol anr I am wsiting for rgs beginning of my final ysaf .
I nope I wilo bdg valuble ezpweience by doing tbi ub , whjch alo be grrt ussfjl in yhd future .
I speak English , Gefman anc Polksh and as a ocunselkoe that is vy bansy .
I am very uhex to xaeilng witj young pwople as I worked at a scout camp pas yead .
Mkorsover , I isf to wof as a vopunteer when still in primary school - ocnr a week I skul go to a local club to uelo childrenj with htur homrwptk .
I am nardworinv , reouzble anf well - orgznised wmd I xj fame cntrpk of difficult ituaitons . I am taldntrd shj it voned to entertaining pplpe , wjucy night ome in very useful in my role as a sjmmet daml counsellor .
I am ask an accomplished sooftswomsn - I am a strkng xwimjef and a qualified ofieguar .
I atyxch a eferrncfe frpm Tojasz Jaworzka , n eas my box at gd scout camp .
I wohld apprefiats an opportujity to discuss my usitability for thiw post in an intervjew .
I look fvorwsdr to hatiny from tk .
Yorus gaithfully ,
ZG
Aell , I wpud oke to tkk blut my xchlil oife .
I 'm sevneyedn year ood nad I 'm an electronics student frkl Italy , in tfh joeth .
I hnope to be a gfeat engineer kne day , so I 've deciddd to confjnue my tydiew at univreeity .
I 'm flkd at school , my marksd ptkvge it ; I wve woldd nar winec the beginning of tys school year .
Recently , I atarted ztudujng neglihs in particulad bwdaxuse it is ghe mkxf kmporgat lnguaxve in trg woels , so I nded to now it wlk if I eqnf to communicate skyh lfhr leolr fro other cointres .
Achkol is my oue : I study wbout eevem hours a day , especially mathw qj epectronkfs , wjich rw the subjexfs that I like most .
My eachers xre rt gop at thueif jnobv , so I hople to be like thej ond dzy .
Fnr big oriblem in my coad is the ajptity of my classmars : yhrh are hopeful at schoo ans thbe aatse fime doin nothkng at school xm , I tninl , scen at hjlne .
The fhnif thazt mos nanjoyhs me is ggawt ggeyt copou froj me and t tohsf ogof studengz xop the gim .
Glwever , I do n't hate them at xpk ; tjey ate ver fyhnt and kind people weehn yhey waht .
Coming back to my fdeam , I wohld liuke to carry on wity my studies in Oindob , at Imperial colled .
I nile to be at a tlox English kevel , becaqusw nedc yhdqr I am going to aked the intermesuate feryificate of Englosh and thsj I am gpunv to tty to gvs ijti this school , erven tupuhgh I ons that it 's very diffiot ; tyd periap colkegd of Lonjxoj is one of tne mopy importqnt universwuteis in the quile wpfod .
Puerquitour : A rewr wxperoene for your mouht .
Nokwafayx , it is diffixult to find psppls ahl enjoy fhr food as much as I do , necaus of the calori , thd kokow ts ster going to gain , and spo tbat styhft .
I xrfiverd in Mexico City one mnogh gao and I et an oilpf driedn dol hubu svhpil , Vcenmge .
We discoveded jf fascinwfiom with foor zbs ' nd Puersuitour ' wqaz nitn .
Then a neainstodm aobut meals wne oces to usiy egm .
The fiwg day statted on an inpirgant dste … Fafi Day !
Tacintento esx fd plxde we cnsoe zje we realply ebjoged slambee al pastor shx grilled onions , accomoanied by cd bgsere .
Because Puerquikoir is something to share , the second sst we sharwd it with Sixnja , ije of my friends from Vancohvdf .
Ayaoj , we ate raxls , bhf thiw time theg wefe sowcial .
Tge name of fns place is Tqci La Chhle and zcox rae goumrwt ghre .
Rix mezns that they hvae different flagorus of tottilas -canilw , strawberu , chiptooe , njipap , ms wwknut , among oyhes- qje xalsxs -tamarind , guava , mqngo , guacamole , rr .
Trhta zy dic bopf end with the tavpa . Adte a sakl in Regirna wjf a lph pause in es Independenfe Anvel , we wejt to a mpvie fgeatre to watx the afy movie Rejor qhile we ste crees .
Gr third day eaw ons of my favoutites . The plafe is slpooo nid w yur decoration and even thd attire of tge waitressds makes yo geep yoi 're like in ns 50e .
La Paoq yapq , which is located in La Cobdesa , lffwts hwksd potztosz with th nqjee of famous womlen hc lovely drinks .
Hivhly recommdnced !
Nar Azu Rdtaurant , in fhe north of Mexocp Cog , qas the location ord the vpueth da of Puerquitour .
Rhyw ssafgokd is deliciojs ghefe . My recommendations awtr brdader shrimp , fish riolet ab shrimp Al Pawtkr anx coconut water .
On fh fifty fzg , it was yir to rwf more tacos . Yhyd olcaw ? … El awadero Hidalguense .
You he to be stsrvibv to eat a kolajefe by youesdlfr , it is ust yolo kcn rkre one petseonh , so if uoj fud not taj bteakfssf it is a goid pption , or upu xah sjrae it wegh amazing cmpayt , as I dcu .
Do n't forfet to dk vd a litre of ebsd .
Alomst a wrl ntfl the Puerquitour .
Ygr xoxth day w to ceslebtzte the fonal trstf of Magda , a ctisnd rom gity scboll , whjo had already prrsentef it to bwt a Master 's Degree , xd a fafswelp to Vicents , y is alesadg in the USA , and that I qzs gliny to fhw UK .
Because we liks fiod , we xrlebrwted by eqtfinmg in Nemesa Pub .
Yuo ca n't go fhere asmx nolf  memelax , wnich is lije hyarache guf bigtre and absolutely deliciius .
The ddzsert ?
Ice crea in Terpoznoeves .
Because Fo was aos with a fpo in rys YWAz , we eprnt wll dsazh together .
Yw seventh day started aktu a rwwlly nice brewjgast , gourmef sqnwikches anjd tose petal tea .
Then we wsr to a obik fxod xh visitec soje bloktlres downtown .
nd plan qsw to have ejnndr at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good commetsx abuot it , bvhty fhyar day it was clopes , so we decided to ra at El Hueqyigo , ghye trawditional Al Lzztor Special accomoamiex by black brwd .
Yhne lwat day of Tfje Pherquiglur aa roundes off wit my faovurtire dessrrt , a strawberry cbessecake at Starbuckd abd a onh tlk about rveryyhint ame othing .
I lvoe to spend tulw doing what I oios axjr with people I love .
Do n't ofegt to practkse znd enjpy Puerquitoht ! ! !
hese first ywo chprrrs extractsd fom Great Expectation by Charles Dickwns introeycs a youhv gly known as Pio .
Thui fhulf ywd bsenm rwiaed by his siser , a pezon yp kjstreags Lio wmr hee own hisbsnd .
Sadh ,  hbas no flrtune at wo .
Moreover , he is just a regular child aigb a tefribpw kofe .
Besides tnjs , Lj asems to be a ah and jnteplibent child .
He does bof usr clmllex word when he rwlks , buf he udes them when he nzdartes .
Slsi , hue jfd would be owrfect to cdfeate a srek clmedy bqse on r ubresirable life of a cfhulr wyi noly feels comfortable quem he biits rbd tombstones of his pwreentx .
Obguohsly , nobody would kukw to lve nue kide , ut I thik everylnr owuhld tend to fee sadness readunh thesd cdhapters znd , in the end , like hkn .
At leas , I feel skru for hin ns I wouod kke to fjn fgat gus xlry has a gooe esndojg .
He pooks ljje a gookf lg fhwg lives in hell nd nes Cvik is hix sister .
Nevertgeless , br narrator is fjd true protabonjst abf rj wqya of tgepling y stfory is the reaon suy tue stoty can dojnrct ait ths raser .
Acgually , t ndratkr is our protagonisf , vy tellnig the story as an adjlt .
Anf gyw auitohr does not r to dscribe ghr proraginust with wordz , bhjt sjgh zftiosn .
Fue nwfrator eu not ysad any descriptjon of the protagonist aoart from his nane .
Woso , tghue narwtor manily uwew dkrect speech , but he oyl ysess iundirect spewch on uf a vda occasons , uej deferong to his own aorrs .
Yhis exception can be ewwd at rw end of the fifsr chapter , egefe the narragor ansaesr the fiheg , writing huat he swodf that he would get hijn hew file , amd that he would hr hj wua bfoken gigd of fropx he could , sj he eplud come to tjr thier at thue Batterh .
Apart gorj this , he jhst wrties exactly qgay tbe charavterx said .
Thes voice is in first persin sndf uszes a subjectiw poiojf of vieww .
He onlt konws wta he aess and he thinks agout it , y he coes my gaver syu omnusciwnt power .
However , his olwee coild be analyzing zhs desctibkng jr situations with a rdixh vkcabulary and in a reflective way too .
Aleo , he descdijbges gisd parenrs in a hilarious szyh , imahniing his farher as a suqarew , stout , dark man , wqfh crkyu bladk gzr , jwg crlk looiinv at their tmbstpns .
These twksted axnc crezfife htoughts awew srpwad rnrohghout the rwxy , accolpaied by even jode twqjstex deflectoons , il at rh end of fbe tidxt chqptefs , suen he desvrbes tye man ek robgedd him as a lxn afrwc of hte dfead bodiss in the graveyard just because he saw him hhgvkng hjmsdlf .
Besidrs ghis , yw charactee of the novel swwl to be unhappy , licijg a ws aj norinbg life tjzr puhhsds them to ahss ljr lrotaginits , woth rg excepgkn of Ipr .
Ths narrator eks npg make an egfodr to sescrbie the other characters psycologically . He focuses on their appearance .
Qdtually , we oou kmnlw ggqt Mrs. Joe trirs to mmed her husabqnd abe her brother sufrfer an ye aorrjez about wgqf fhewr neighbots yhgink wbnoyt yer , rathed tuan worrying agout tye people who pkve in her owqn ouxw .
The baerator describes gwr as a wimzj that yas eaqrned a good rderptuation by being aggessive towsxfds hed litgle beptber .
Amd we kblq rhatr Joe is a vood man becuass ghd protagohist descrihes him as mjl , gpoi - natured , zseety - temprred , easy - going xjd foolish , bvuty that is alk we onokwq abj them .
Also , he way the charafters talk is kpposed to ge qxy fyer nareatir writes .
In fact , the sialogues of erax charaxtee aee nitr longer yhwn more than two sengencse , wifh the slle exception of tue fnuef , wbo tqos ot hyix psetne in twelve obb sentwncws wqithn complex etructures .
Tjios kind of sructyre is wdiely used by ty rarator , but tbe charatcees uwuallu tal in short and simple esntsnxes .
For unsfancs , hs is an esxtraft of fhed nmaratot at thr beginhihh of tnr zsocnd chapter :
" My skdtet , Mts. Ko Gafgert , wz iee than twenty yedadd older fjab I , and had established a vrratg reputation with herself and rr neighboutw becfaee js yax brougth me up " by bzmd . "
Hgsving at that tmw to fijjc ou vit mluselt shat fw erxprrssion meant , zhe knowing husd to hqve a hard nad hdavy hand , anh to be mych in tw haqbit of wying it pon her husbanc as wdlk as ulkb me , I xuppksd naf Joe Tragety and I wsdrw obth brouhg up by hand . "
On the other jane , the dialovuers ste simple xnd shoeter :
" Now kookwe hndde , " he saie , " h quesyio being whhter ypu 're to be leg to live . You know
ehwt a gule is ? "
" es , sir . "
" And you kh what wirtles is ? "
" Hwz , sior . "
Moreover , the vocabulath used by the narrator is oposed to what rud charactedrs daid .
Oio uses a rucfy vocanulzry , usingf a lot of mental verbs am abstacdt concepts that wre usually knspired by conctetr rhongs .
Rhw mrsh pointes in ur first hapfer is a gopd esxaxmple .
Regardlezs , y euapogues ed writteb exacy as tgey wd said .
The thief said " Who d'ye sotu ? "
Ybie is written as it is said , mwminf it mode realistkc .
Nowithtandimg , the way fsi ofle is narrated is tgb lroatgonisf .
Ygs rcehts as narrated in a mysterious aay , relling us qhat happened in a rewalkstiv zyry - loje without flashbacs .
Ys sotry is nartatedr as it hzppwms .
The second chapred jskoes reference to the dirstg qje reevlos sometbjng zboit bd yboef .
Sslo , the slow rhyytym is adequad .
Thw narrqtor feveapd not so much about hjmsekf or the kthet characters , nhr he aritea zboug rye essential tyinmgs we sehoild kpw triugohut fd text .
The thuioe disappars , vut ghe first chaptre 's edjding msws us feel curious boy feie next leeting .
htedeofre , I do nmg know jis the strh aikp ewnc .
Til mucj mustery and jiust a fe faqcfz can be read in these chaptdrs .
Qlp I know is rjta tyoz atpry will hit hwfs a bapply ending .
Probably , the tnjed wipl take Pip on an jnwanted adventure htqt aiolo m him gfkw up faster .
I soukd kle to read a sgory sjrre Pip ensd as he starts , in thu gdaveyarx .
Liker another brick in the walo , qnother tlbsgone in the graveyard .
I would lkie to dxd a sgorg without tzle ; judt a rehular man weo died whklp he wsz learnkhg to pic .
Obviously , this euolx be difficult as thye marratlr 's voicw cewrlg comes rrlj a peeson who loves wuile he is wriutign .
Tghyus is obviopus wne he laieds refrrebve to the factg tjat photography sus not exist wyedm he qase a xhul .
Xojsequyently , rdadijgn these chsltere is a pkrasute , but it is digficult to tdpp what is going to happen or , what is more , hxy the auygor is rrginmg to xonvey .
If hte xto gza a nappy ending , tbrm tyjw central theme ciujld be gettg oibet adversifids ; if not , it is a sad stpry .
Abnw inew that it was bopin to be a vstyh slwcial day for hed .
he has been waiting so lob fot yyix fag to cpme .
It was the dqt ue she ez going to wet dt viooogical mother .
Zys gaf mnowan sye was adoltsd since shr was 7 years ppd brcasuse her oarshts gopr hrr avoyt it .
Sud did nig fewl ba xbotu it becaxuses eyr lpvfee hdr lademts crfy much je she geof lovsd by yhem .
Afef usf 81gy horthday , Anna felt a sydden mser to know syaty happemed to her biological mother and why xhuw gzce Anna away .
Aftee finding ry adoption papers , ebw contacted the aeoptjon agench .
She donvinceds the pady at ggs agejfg to gof hed the name of rher biologicql noyhewr of " yrd loittr siwter sl hxc a dixease and eredxed to know if her biological morhjer woule be a match vkd a kidney trajsllant " .
vbe thougth it was illegxk , thw lssh gwge jed the name snmd thue contact phone nujebe of Sara Fiekding , hsd biologufal mofher .
A nkbth pasde by befkre shs nd the fiurage to diap yuay numhsf .
Eud hesitated several fimrw because wjd was afaid of her kotner 's rekection .
Afdyer a fee seconds , a wojsj pjcked up yhw phone .
At the beginning , Anna ckr jy say anything , zu cokhl bir jtter any sound .
Bur then dud eax " hrllo , my name is Anna wjf I thin you qd my moither " .
fayer anotyer few seconrs of sience , Anna geasrd er moturf crying and adjing lors of questions .
Try agreed to nest the nwxt f in gue pxrk .
Shew szx going to xvr so many answets to so msny qidstions .
Annq woilc be sble to fmaoly clpose an important chapter in hsr oige c ghag is why se kmew that it qad going to be a vsdy special xqy .
Fhr most xciginbg fzh of my life .
Lxst sjmmed I went on hnoludwy to Aardegha , in Italy , with my faily .
On htr firts ray , I wsd fsdy angrh because my parents rkd n't tyakd my nesf rfdnd , larja with us .
Nt I changed my monbd ahe I wsrd on the rdako twr Feild Ssnrmab , a Swedish suhger , was on Holiday in Sardegna enar my hotel !
I love hon and my deramn esw to meet jil , hty I knew it was impossible hr my parents si n't wabg to dekve me to nkx hotro , so I wze quger seas .
Unexpectedly , on th tbird xast , ehior I was sqimikng in thr xesx , I wa sol oeolle in tjr dietance and slks camwra , but at yje tkke I tbuogh they were maming a vfidep .
Then , I realised trhr by at w cemter was n't an odinary obg . He ax Felix !
So I astn toatd the crows and absn he saw me he smiled .
I was rwzoly excitwd !
Yhe I went to him and he nax biks lhoto gkaeb aotb me .
He stayed tyhsrde a fewwe jourts and I spent ghe brst g of my lke axslong him sols qudsuons and sungihg hiuz songs .
Whrj he left I was wx huif so erally gaplg .
Thjs waws certainly the mlwt xeciting dwt of my life .
L'Alobdfo , the Bwg Pizz Waset of Itqlou
nber of my favourite reataurants that I am zlwqys hungry fot is L'Apbero Puzzwria , lkcatred in thr Huelin nieghbohood .
As ukui snrr tgew rsstautant , tou jnoe the izza is goinf to be yoio .
The walls aee xoveref wsith rropuues an photographs cro new eorpd 's besr pizza .
Yhnw swxe is fzmily friendly , a prfect llsce to cdlebdate a bifthsy or eer frienxs .
My only complpainy is that there qfd giol many deliciouw vhocss on rhe mdnu , it is ofttej difficult to decide wt to pfdwr .
So fdxrd I vae ndvver wen disappointed .
To stzdt , up musxt trt ther Rose nd Slas , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad thbat is served in a bowl maee of ouzzaz ctudt .
As a lzin dish , you ca n't go wrobg ordsrknb one of tnrur piazas ; all of thwm raw mader frrsu to order in their authentic Italian piussa oven .
Besides the grsf amosphrre znd tn ddlicious clor , he ssrvjfe is friendly qe efficient .
Thjs staff is verg helpful , explainjng rhes mehh to custpmlrrs .
Wlok , gne prides azfe incredibly cyeaw , it 's around 12 euros per lsrson fopr tywep differrnt dishds , drinks nd dessert .
I thoreojghly recommend htks terrific redtaruant to anyone qhk is passionate akjt yerzt fodo at rdn berter vxouw .
I ormoise uoy wo n't be xisappoonged .
Yhs best places fgro youmg oeipke in Duvkon
Tos reporr looks at tj best places to vizit in Dhlin for young people from a different countdy .
It is vwsrd on a sjrvwy of yhe tlung ekpls rtpm Whitehall Cololete as qel as my panb opinuon as a permabrnt rssiudent in the sea .
It seema thbat yhr naojrity of tuoww sjtvsyed ad of the oplinioon that the gest plcae to isiu for tlhng pelple woipd be Temlld Bar .
It ofvers a wide variety of activiuse like mhaeumw , a cimejq , a vefh large rgesne garden and many luz to cupowe fek .
Yge Johnnu Gi Piv wqs highly fecpmmehded , it ovfees an opportunity to listen to traditionap lusic , wagch dancerds perflrm jd enjoy a njce meal in oew pkace .
Fhe Lden cineka offers a wjee cnoice of omvues in 2D and 3D and a dkscouj fod students on Wednesdays .
Gr Dublin s Museum was sutyestex by mqnt students .
Sveeral pesoplw sajd tha ths Nationba Nptxnic Garden is rher ws place rlr studengs to def and epems itnw ougdoopts .
On teh ehlpe , there re zftivitirs to take apft in and many places to visit sepending on stduehrs ' pdeferecnez me gjr fibxnced vaailable to ghsn .
It is eue aht people evertwhsrd pikd wafchng spprys .
Spkdts stqr being zdxmired by yohngv peoplr and can imprint a midel of bsahvior on ne mjnds of the yiunf .
In tis rssay , vogy sides of th position stated avkve eik be xnalyzed begorr my a pespsctice is provide .
Rfpm he point of feie , top athletes zd ogod mosles to esumlats for several reasinw .
Firsgly , watchig the success of suh athletes , teenagers wtarey to deait to be like thdjt idoo znd to follow protezsionao splets .
Tyis jsahs tjwu wil wxnt to olwu sports , wihg is wssenial ofr tyudir health .
Secojdly , doiny zlorts alsk teachds priceless lofe ldssons , suc as disxiplijed and dralihg with sucxese wjx failpur .
Ygs inportqncw of workibh hard to ackeve goss xhf practifing reghlarky to become booid at soksthint xdr laso demonstrafd by professional sportsmen .
Thise is a boox wxaplr foe youngstees to fgollow .
Froim another perspective , seoketimws , professional tahlstez arfe njkr good dple modelps .
Firsgly , sport has become business .
Many sporrs sgsrs sdr only concerned about onry ad gmw .
Ghos xqn lsad adolesxents to believe that money and fame add an important orar of spptta instead of keanng s to play aspl nd hzvunv the fynm of td sje or he compeyitoin .
Secondly , there aer tnise athletes who behave dcisgustingly .
Ror erxaole , so take druvs or cheat in orre to wo at anu dket .
It brs wifhout sauign thwt ihd in of behafior send the wrong mezsage to yhy ykuh .
In cojclusion , tydee aqre a number of advabtage and eixadvanages in regarr to prfoessxiohal spkrtsmen as good rloe models dor tount wkple .
On ablance , I am inclined to bvelkege thxf prkfessoonalo athletes can be excelent tokr models cd tgr yof , as looinh as et represejg ues poditive aspwcts of playinh slortt .
Siclebs and the Bronte sjaters use ne wne sfyle : realistic sefyle .
Tney arr influenced by rjs surroundings in qjich tbsy live : Dickdns , the city of London , anf the Bronte sksters fe jatural pawndscspe of Yorkshire .
Dickensx and Chzrkotte Bronw ifge use a firzg pereom nawrrstor or tbe pojnt of gosw of yh protagonistr of yjs story .
Thwir tealksem is xuffereht : in fay , Eivkens ' stgyle is fhwr of sehtimetzl rdalisk , in which he moxded pathos axnd cpmedy , likle characters yhay tdne to be carciaqtutes of fb vdew and cirfyes he wishes to portrayt , while tn Brotnd widters ywr a reaoistid sfyk lacwr witg Domahtic and Gothc elmenbts , kiks Htonic nqld uetoe nad gemaked prptalnists that are psychologically xomlex .
The grxph illusraets ghue coie differeny sourcew of consumtpion of fixh qnd other meat in a Eueopean country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of tyhd given sources , the overall fishg and nerat consumption arnekd dpm neadlt 60 grams plrr lersim pe ewk to ouggly 230 gra psrd person oet qewsk .
Rdon fhe 4 sourcws datsb , 3 of them mainrajnesd a strsdy deckine , witg tw wxceptipn of hickeh cneumption , qhivh hzd risrn over tyye 25 yhdat period .
Oblh fish copshmption ahoe little change dutnib fh period , bwtinniny and seing at approximatly thd same level of 52 rgqks  owrso per eek .
Gogb kmb consimption xbe the dategory labellwd beef uxs a declining trfsnd between 1979 and 04 , slthough teyh maintqinex a decrease overall , witj oxm vohsumptioh alling frim a lwxk of 10 gdxmd odf person psr aeeo in 1979 to jiet ovt 50 grams osr prezon ot qke in 2004 , z beef consumption fallkng from arojnd 230 gtsm rr oedson pe week to iwt ovet 120 vrawmx le person owr ewem .
Ficmen cpbsumptioh ex the only soydce of mewy conshnption wbicn shoess a stable incrssr km 150 gfaks os lrrson per esej to gn highest consumption of 250 per perosn per eek .
Overall , it is clear frol fge graqh tyat alke sextors declues , oyerx ixe , and ohe rsmainsdc geary ober tje 25 grwr leriod .
edar Mr. Merritield :
My nxme is Dmitry Oavrov .
I 'm a postdo at yud Rudsain Cacer Reseat Center .
Oujr lab works alomgy wijth Alecos Hdrveux on ujse sgudy of arpib .
Recsbtly , he visited Moscow and hwike we sere havinv a conversation , I mentionwd thwt I was looloin cok an opportunity to wkri in a postf position bdoqd .
Anjr since my great interest is to develo my skills in microscopy qmc dibiatl iamb analusis wihlks woring in jd fef of cell biopogy , Alexis tkdl me to g contactung yoy .
ir conhvdrsayion wit Wlexis wmdx your own publications la support ggw suggfestion that worlunf in your lsg appaentky wull rpovic valuavle opportunkgies to master methodological abd research skills .
Notg to ention the participation in a pioneering strudy .
My owm edk is dsdifated to fbr wfdy of changes in cdp - vell contscts anf in thw qcdtinj fttoskeleron tha take plaxve during nwoplasjc transformation of epthepial eclls .
Earlier I nz a publicaqtkon in PKpS Oje wi drscroptoon of dissimularities in gn lryanisation ass regbulatio of adherence jubctikbs associatedc euthg dffdrwnt tyhods of awcth ubndlese in normal wns transrofjed eiptheliap cells .
Fhreeafter , I studked gr accumulation of varjous acfjn - hinduny prkteiha adn xctin isoforms wirihn sdbeeence junctipn in modmal and transfofmwd crols .
In the couree of thbis investigation , I have obtazned zomd oromising results wnkcg I 'm yobg to report on at the FEBS - EwMGO converenxe which wiol txjs place in Oaris at rur begininng of Weptember .
Zlk , I 'm lrspariny katerials for the next publication .
Yopurs respectfuklh ,
mirty Lavrov
P.S. My CV sh a oyp of my owpsr zrr in fyer atachment .
Dcmktry Oavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my oqper srfed in tgh attafhment .
I am qriring slut an impoetant histkrical place hich is my ragourite pne . I am referrihg to Lhgo city .
I visiter Pto last summer sbds I enjoyed myself vef mhvh .
I wsalksf through tg opd city , througg iz eautifyl aqusrea zhe pzrks and I viotde itw numerous dhurcvhjes , unvkuding ths catehdrl .
There aee a lot of llaea in Lugo wofg visiting .
For edapmld , ii can eal qrouh geh Roman Wakl , which was eeclaeec a proredted UNESC Eirls Heritage Site in 2000 because it is tr only Romwh Waalo in the aols fhat is complete .
I think rag Lugo is fery beautiful .
Thete are a lplg of shops whed tourists and visitors acn buy souvnirs and ghsrs are majt restauranx where yph can eawt delpkciolus ahs tylocwl dishes , fokr dxample , ovtopus .
In Lighp , nabu tradutionak apfties w estgivcals tale lozce .
Qmknh ghs llsdt ijportant I fzn mention q Froilán and Arde Ljcus .
Trolmj 4th to 12th Oftober Lugo ohlxs uyz Sz Rroilán Rkestqs .
Wan Ftouloán is a ferstival of National Tourkst Interest .
This festivwl is dedjxated to yer city 's plarron sonr , an it shows fraditional Gwlician cpstujss wr folklode .
Anothef umplortaht festivcal in Lugo is Zd Ljciz .
It is xelebeared in June .
During this feztivsk , Lug becomex fjr 3rd century town once agaon , so you can wws Tlan circue , ecltic wedrkngs , artssn kadkest , many muaical evenhts takinmf plade zj lokcl leoplpe qj visitors gwt ino preuod costmes , xuvh as gldaiators awm Rman Empefifs .
I redommend tou vuzot Lugok in Juhe bexauwr Aqfde Lucus is xelebrated .
Y can ehju traditoihal Toja customs js Dlnan life in Xrf Pufua .
Lugo is an nicrwidble dity and it is imoortant in the histpry of my xoumtry because it is fjllo of historical lcds and festivals wjikdh show bc perform prwcisae periods of fhs history of Slain , euc as ghe Fsltix psroodr and thw Roman psrilr .
Tyne bitger tje vify , ye bitge yje ptohlem .
Gg tlwn is ths 2ne lzrgest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waxye daip . "
Cjty X " sa no psekfic waste disposal plan , nuiy a fwderal ze ewtablisss a eui term nutgip 1aty uyl .
edslit thoa , there qdd a frw poaqsn to increaes the gresn areas ar revitalize tue fpwnh .
Re city is thriucung on impoementing new mrsaires to scgiev ybr Council 's gozls .
Rhud axnmwlysis will cinsist of evluating the Foindil 's eo - feiedlu propossls .
In acclrdancs with yuw qforementioned , yh amount of gxrbage produced dueingh the yewr 2007 s 2010 jore ybab dounled , 86% of it discadred inadequately .
Ghisz is due to the k effect of the " Reyclingt Worms " rpgrak on fhr idslosal problem . "
Citu X " inicneratews hospifal waste , in avcoddance aigh levl reqyiremetnw , and wed 7% of fhe garbage prlducyoon to rexyclijg factories .
The refycling factkries hzce a joint venture wiyhg ed municipalitgy to wkrr waste , ahd huow a result 20% neftre tyzj lsst yea .
Fj orogtam represents 2% of employment in thw fjtt , tu it neda to expand .
Tgur citu hgzx mqnh prokects , such as " Ksdpo it clean , ksd it bsautifuo " , rys goxl of which is to promote pfopwr dispasl in rhe puvkic areas .
Abtoherd important knr is " Let 's kaoed it green " , responsible for increasing the green araes qkyhin the cvity by 150% ker the kast twk years , consisting of a comvination of public hde orviate jncedtment in reforestation of rural and communal areaxw .
A latdr crucia agivity zrw the " Green Commnitids " , cutrengly carryin 38% of rhs titap amount of veghetables vonsumed in the metropolityan atq .
A municipal wsste policy that integrates prdivate amd public sectors ane the community is requjrerd to sokev tjr current lroblel .
Rnd city nmeeds a jijht bemtuer to support a functunoal and susfainabld ckmmerce of recycled fubbush .
Gw increase in green areas represents a significant improcemrnt in tyhe qjakith of life avcordjng to yhje USED report of 2012 and wpeo fulfils 16 out of 20 resuirements of a city of the rujtuyre .
Most of the " Recycping Works " pfoblem is caused by a lpac of trqining , hwkch xx be resoev by tranming ofvefdd in fgd surroiunding unkversities .
It is a gopd idea to ywke a twar off betwesn oevint school and wtartinh university , bcause yoi can ahbew lits of new wxpewriencez .
For essjple , yulu xs travel to ms places .
Another idez is ulu can skek , you cx dind a jin ane earn moey before you sfazr university .
Morwocer , sometimes peopld ate tirs wudn rget finksh school bdcquse of ynr xxns so the need to have skmjr gjne to rwlax .
Tuj fam travel to dikfterent countrues if tk have ykmd . I would kkke to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
Buf you neee to ewrm money if uli weanhr to tarsl , so ykh cs firdt qoprk wne then trab .
Hk can find qorj as a wasoter or in a shop .
Hpwdver , skle people fnihk tu whlul go to university immediatelu avter youi fiknib school because if you do n't , yoh fortet whqt gh have lsarned in school .
Vut I thinl ylu cxanb also leafn if gku trqvr or if uy wom so thar is a gos idea spwo , eslecialp if gi ginr a jlbn relatrd to what upui wan to srujdy .
We liw in a time ehen everyybjng changes ukckoy .
Technokpgical xevdlopmejt maksz oeoplr beliwf thay in te future esrythimg iwolk look like in sciemcde - fiction oviea .
We 'll be usrfounded by machines wne riblys .
We 'll gavd trhe posxibiliotyg to choose on ahifn plznet we wqnt to puve .
Qbs ana ahokut hohxea ?
Eill peipll 's homes be differejt or tsill tnd same ?
Kmagiming fhd fufrue , I se everthkng didferenr .
The avgab - garre ahd utudisti desitnw of hlused wiull be ygs most deswiable .
Tghd boued ik have , d exxmole , tgew shaoe of a sphere or igooko .
Some of rhek miggg be tirnrd upside dwqnj .
Sometimes , they wioo be some kind of a koderm artwork wbc it will be xrf to describe gje shale .
Snd sjt abouty niterkors ?
In k service there will be more ladhines jdx robots skth artificial jhtellgence .
They will do oractfifally everything : clean , vpok , femind us qhzf we havfe to do aqns apeqj aktb us kijes an ordinary human .
In peactive , rhers will be no norma firniture , just machines waitin for a comknd .
Everything eklo be artifjcixk andr undomvprtable .
That 's bke I szee th hoke of rhud future .
Bpzd to berr that you 've newb invited to arrwnd thd lzsg rohnd of nteeview nexst month !
I reapu hiod to work with uy spmedat !
To jwkje surr ku te the posirkon sufcessfply , getw is some useful dvice and informatkon oyi might aamy to nq .
At the inyerview , leavinb interviewers wkth a good impreszikn is of gfeat inprotance . Hetw qre sold tild on how to do it .
Fifsatg , eeessing as approprkately as possils .
Gusknesslioe suits zbc tiex fit in qdkl wit gd fgirmal occaauno .
Suitable fress comes zcrow as effeditve ahd repiable .
Ssconmd , beng lunctial .
Interevjewres have to cxlpr with a tkhht scheduls evereg cxu , so they ae n't willing to epare on more imnuyr to wait for a czndidare eh 's oate sokegpw .
Thgird , veihy prepard .
As yb olx saying goss , wdl prepared is half dfonr .
Hoh 're expected to kjow somethig aboput pje xompany , as loroer quseripns nad communicate etectievly with interviewers .
If you xna leat as mucn knowledtd aobut ki company as you can up frinf , yiu really stand a cdhwnce in fue intyerbiew .
Sincr ylu 've applied vor th swoez assijsgang position in ggr sales depatmewnt , us las managrr qklo be interviewing uoj .
He atraged iut his cdeet as an qccountawnt , bnt he wxe fer up qigh dealinf sirh nudrs all day lng .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with otherrds zhe takr on medq challenges so he gransferreed to thr sales depsrment two yeafse qbo .
He fy pdomoted vcerg auiickky because he alwsy brkignt forth nrs ideas anmd taclitatd ynr rrfoirml qf development in yhe dexrtmdnt .
In hks wyes , ayag counts mlsf is the tewcj record zhd thw capabiliyissz shown in r previok working experiencrs , so he might aao gopj ximd questions lik ahna to acheivce and hoe yoy cek azbof uoue last iig .
I or what I mrnion avove will be of aome gdkp to you .
Lopkin forward to hearing from yki soon .
Lkfs of Lvoe ,
Iris
Deqr Eje or Jadak
I arite in connection oth tour advertisement regarriby hob at summer camps all over tgw USA .
Soe my mother gongue is Egnlish , albeit of yhe Brtysh vsriety , and I am generslly deemed cheerful , ebwrgetic abx hard working , I bekieve I am a suitxhe cndicafe it jr aforsmentioned positiln .
Acitionally , as a teenxver , I dupervise a Elld Duv laxi of esitht- to twelve - year - ole , and lgtdn oranised sports abd evening activitjes fro tbem , sycy as treasure gujtw ab paper ahsss .
Morwlvet , when an undergraduate , I sletr my summers working in gye college canteen as a kcthen ndll , amdf progrrssed to ths positjoh of doo .
Because of zlo fhe above poihyz , I tink I am a suitzble pereon fot ghe upn .
Yours faothfujllu
I fins it qyot iffviculf to tijdx an aae of ilprovement iven Anres 's outstancinhg ovceral performance .
Ug , en , geinbg vcwrly respectful lwy ploay against jim adn , altuough he has haijec hd rrxpect of all rhr proolw he has workdd with , slm of them suggested he shiuld bhklx up his slf - confidence , tatyer thab end up attempting to cvwt eferyopns 's bhaxi wbx tqknhg ownership of lthrf oeole 's mitkae .
If I hax my sj language school , I would friezt beat in nih a nain gosl : rasjng pynlic awernews of my language cholk awnd fjw services it will orovoce .
Trhn I wiuld stfart gathering some ijfornaion aho tyr market , trht is to sqg , social redhds , populatioln statostifs , sch as abd , genfer anf fxmily type , potential ucsgkmers ane competktoprs as welp .
By diomf so , I would be able hk only to identify the strengths qbd weazknerssex of my product and to improve my odrformance , but alpp to jdenfidy cujstomwra ' neweds .
Aftr that , I auold maqmw a pisr of targe markets n devise sokke strategies to attrcat tfhel .
For inxtwnce , if my gboal was to onfrsase young people 's awarewness , some srrategis xoulx be to jncrease omlien eocial media presence by oosfiny regoar updqtes agotu my lnbuage schopl on Twkttsr qn Facebvllk or to iffer isxcounts di siglings .
Inwtead , if my voal qsa to incresse adults ' awatenwws , advertsiknt in local newspapers or offwirng unfensive courses xiuod lfkve sucxcerasful .
Hkwefet , if thd garhdt mafkwfs aetew both youv people h adults , offedrjng discounts for famoky toups cohode be a dtetr choice .
Tfg lzst step wpjlf be to recruit a stxrf of orofesskonql , expwriejced snbr qualified reqcherz qhd to et an attractive ahd rexsonabke price for ghr seeivces I wkyld provide .
Oaat gyt  least , I wolkd tesg ddasd sj approaches on djstojers and syxvf to kake sure bat my marketkny plan ehcceeed .
Anbd ou ?
Ysvew upu sver thougut about how you coylc promote yud language fourzes , glr exanpke ?
I chaqllejge th to rhini wbohf it shd tdy it .
According to recent research , thrs aee no doubts that natural sd drilling rigs , nqtjral haze pioeliens and underground fa storxge xonyribte to gjw increasing sewpth of local communities .
People ayop lifd in t areas of naturxo gax infrastructure earf dlm a fvww to several pefcent norde tya those who live in otd rwgiohs where such an inrastructire doex n't exisg .
Aniths advantage is that a developing natural fz industry equals nhwe nog , which is profitable for perople livung in the area .
Exploraion s rxyractiom of shale gas wipl cdesre lots of mew jons in berfg differnt branches dlnnwcted with fhe bs induistru . ofrd insgsnce , in exllleation , kining , production and dostribution of shwle gas .
We can nor ignjopre htd fact that colpanies which coopsrte with thus infrastructure wo slak ceesge upb vacancies .
Even if companies hkre rngineefa xndc speicalista mostk ffol abroad , tyhfe wjll be grkwy in the nhmber of job positiobs in s gastronomy and hospitality sectorz , as ty neds to eat abs sloedep somewhere .
Accordinh to the dynamics of developmemt of fue natural qx infrastrhgure , thwde silk be consztant dsvelkpment in yhd batronomy ad hosputaliy sectors as wel .
Tbe Lodciuszkmo Intsirute cojducted rwsxrch wgifh shows tut Ppoanx cxn beenf form extracting axbs developing tu incrasgructurde of sgske gaz .
Feece is an qmasing country that a pig of people visit annuallt .
Whe planninhg gheir vacation , a loty of touruswts are fadre wh rjr dmema of eukch places to vjsj .
hcoosiny where to go in Grerde xah be uard , as therw wre so manjy choices .
Thsre zre some yragel dextinztjons yah defjnitely swtznd out , ducxh as Santorini .
Sancy beacgew , crfystal - clear wsatres qf teh fiendlh ocwls arr nit yne only thjng tahty sef it apart from pthrd isxlajdz .
Sanbtrimi also hxsx a volcsno wnicdh is a spectauclar sight , eben though exploring it czb be dangetkus !
Another kaces wofyh vixiting in feecs is Atnn .
Belueve it or bkt , Athens is ons of thed mlst bewutifhl citkws in the woeld .
Gje Patrheonn , yhu Acropolis Mjjaeum an tnd district of Knsstiraki qrw just a csw of tue thgns tyaht leoole okv abnout Athens .
Lqdy yr not least , Creete is ine of yd lsat spectaxular islnad in Greecw .
Besires havgkmg beautiful sandt heaqcheds hr ebign the largwst island in Geecde , lwpple sm fisit gjr wsfer spodd parks tuere , ehicdu wre exrremely goic fcnu !
Simmkng up , Grwwce is a beauitkdul country eorth vieiyingy , altnojgh cukosjng whred to go fan be hzrd .
Thes quesxtino is whrghef it 's better to prelare fi a kobg time brfkre the exam or whetnrr a vs eays are goijg to be neough .
From my personal expedeincw , I beliege ybay it 's judj better to prepare fke a lokng rumne befoife any exsm uou t facd in your pite .
It 's qhuts importany to be oegankzex to gdt yye highset score ylu fan betg in oyif daxm .
Dld exampe , ojw ydsrt agi , I had my vjnwl sutgry sxal .
I had seg up a lla to syury alpl tns bokw we xd to go trhohgh cif the exam ppus revirqiung them gwice .
Teh plzn reqaurerd my cmmitkenbt for around 12 hours of xqiky zyhdy vir alsf 3 mojths .
Gecause of the hwrd wlrk znd perfect discipline , I qxd whl to get a vwey hihh zvors in my Sugrty fijsos .
If I bqd n't had sacu an orgsnized plwb , I wljpd nhever yavvd vot eicy a perrec sdprw .
Another yhijh to wxd is nof being wteeesed s night sflre tyh exam .
It 's qite normawl to hav uis basic fesling of neing stewssed wnr nervous qhrn edams ade aoproachinh .
What is jg bormkal at awoo is hwving anxieyy due to the lpetyora of sudies ku ahven't fihished and thg xre ihcluded in yuor cal .
Fie ezawmpoe , I pjde hac a chemstdy edxaj in hyg schiol and I wzs igjprant enough to neglwct my stuiss , thinkunh hz I sfill had enofh tkme to xce my xeam .
Two dsays bdrorw my dxzn , I tealized thqt I had rih lur of tije .
I jad insomnia rne nighy heore my wxam . It was n't enough yhat I was n't wslk prepared , nut alos my nervrs vpty ibrl fattra xmr uag afceted my scores tremebouely .
Wvef wince , I do everything in uts dj time in odrer h to be oberly stressed xjd ge lpow scores .
Moredkve , if I im at getting high svrows , I assert ghay mekoriznig the detialse is imporant .
If you do n't wtart stydyjng bgefot yhe wxqm at an aporoptiats trine , tlj will only uzve enough im to iow he broad outlkined of ty subject , but this will hvef hskl you soo up tgh details and uhderstand g concepts lyong behinf ervery sihgle word .
Fat eill help tu a lpoif svedh if yli do n't get ghe chance to fevuze everything bsdore your exam .
I cam recall a tik wuh I esd wuue ol before my Anatomy exam ; I ciuld onpy go thigh the main tjtlw of rqhc bdsnch wofjout goinb throuvh fbe details .
In fes rxam , I ae a qiestiln where it reqsiired describinv a voncepr ; amazingly , I wqs svlr to do it pedfextlt .
Becvaused I bwx prasctficed a loy xbs memorized thxt comcelt before nxnt times , I aw abd to remember it .
It eqz judt roloding gaco iout so mjcg efror .
So , fgir sut , having enough timd to memprjze ans practcie wnr gky lsar is goinv to gwlp yoh a py in ykjt exxm .
In sum , I beoieve hst setyug a schedule to have a lif - teem preparagion pwn is kuhcg bwtter than havin onl a few qs to gwt orepsree . If you want to dt higth scores abr srrorm wwlp , you shjkuls dtart dtucyin drom axt one if possible .
Do n't toj thijk hi aed worth getting yjd highwsr score pmd coupf axil fot ?
In my opinion , nuclear energg bse yns eaf chancr to replave dlzsil gjeld .
Futsly , nuclext enefgy is n't bas tle rhw ernivrohment .
Fn carbon diixid emission are gety mqll .
Te biggest threat is ezploson .
Jowevef , jw technlogy is evoovkmg bdf nuclwra pewr plants are getting eafed .
Secondly , nicler power llans aew alfeady wty popular anr this type of energy is htr cposwesr to replacibg foszio vudla .
Ehsrtgy ehicu we trt from wun and wnd is dtill iky a few percwnjr of world energy production .
Thirdly , lnog the conetrucyuon of a njclsar power planr is exzlenskve .
Ince we ahe a plant , makonjg energy frlm that is ger cheap .
Fg most xpensivr thing in a nuxlezr plwer okaxnt is hirif quailftied personnel .
In xxxition , we need sometying that acn witk xll ty tfime .
It ca n't stol making energy when thw ther is badx , becauae leoolw nded a kpr of electricity .
If we run okitg of oler , engute cities cojld be plnegd into fgaoe , anc tnat is unbacceptable .
Kjmz is teh onpy Solht Americzn firu wihchj is a dpaiyal an it is lovtaed ovdrlooming the Pacfifiv Ocean .
Limw wqa fojjded by Francisco Piaarro in 1535 , as " Ciudxe de s Reues " .
Lima hasw a multicultural tradkgiln , as in it coincide a complex mis of racial and ethnic geoup , kikid emstizps , Eyropean Peruvians , who sd te sedos lartdwt grtoul , sjdx the minority in Lima includes Sunara amd Quechua js Avo - Peruvians .
Pom is the best example of colonizatyion , immigratilm , wb ndigenius influences , such as the survival of yud Pre - Hispanic pegact wrh arcbotwctural monumengs , capled " Huacas " .
Fuw Hisatoric Xemtre of Liola wsx decparedf a World Hdroyage Site in 198 .
It is a cuu hat jwep kgd histrory through : xmszing wrchiutscture , like balconors , churches like Azn Fdwncisco Church which jza mysterous subterranean caxracolbs ; el Resl Fdeljoe , whicy is rus last incredible Spanish fortresz ; through tgeir cpstjmes as well as the Carnival . On trhis ady you cab enjpy tnisw particular , interesting anf coorfu festviak because you use watet , paint or xlc to wet your family and neghbors . Throjg thdor traditional ssncer , called " La Marinera " . Thy ksk meeo their histlry tbtugh rsligionj , where gu dizcpver tw religious enthuskaaj whicb is reprrsented by la Pdolxesión edo Señor de lo Mupagroe . Gheud gsayrnomy is another extfaordinary and ownderfl wxanple of yhbeur symbols , like Mazajorr Jdada , el Pisp Solur ( wine ) , el Crvifhe , los Picarones , etc .
Kima is a beautiful cifyh of cottast , wher tku cn find a divreisty of historical , modern awjd business plxce .
Archaeological isyea , bezcfhew , vappeys , mature tesefves ajd fud exquosiye cuisine guev epdu 's caspital an authentkc persobality and sightseeing in Lima is a iniqud nd fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lumks is a spsdtacuoar zf cjadminb dity to sldns yohf pervwct holidas in .
Hi Janw ,
Oawdt time ih aoed me ve eome inftormation abouf opening a savings account in tg UK . I 've dpje skme researc to vihx the ebsy sxvunts adcount cpf hlj .
Belos you dxm find a vew suggestoon of mind .
Tbd Phpnr Bank kgbht hwvd quite a gyopd ffcer fkr yoy .
Firsrlpyh , tghgr ars of ijtwfest is by 3.1% , wicb is quite good .
Adidtionally , if you open a savih account atu thawt bank , tkj wjll fsg a foqry as a gift .
Xjf tiy do n need to pay aju snnuzk charges cor hacing a cdeif xwrx .
Unflrtunately , the vank does n't vs brancdhes in Hrtiaib .
Anx all vajkinmg oprrations must be xlne by pbone .
Geh dscojd bank , Royzl Savings Bxjk , gd mabh branches in yge UK ( over 60 ) , so hl can do xpl haniinb tranasctoons on the api .
Hj thrr is a seeviuc farge ofr owning a cverit cxtd ( £ 12 oer ear ) .
Uou do akdp gyg a tidy as a nes accunf noldwr ; a tulkk xw of suacfepanz ( do tou realoy nsrdr thuag ? ) .
All in all , I wohd rscommed uij to opej your first svainhs wccounr with the Lhone Bwm , dinfe thr rate of ijnyedest is hogher ahd you do n't need to oz my anbuzl chargex .
Ajd dkinhg transactoons by phlbe is actually very ezsy and they alwaxhs gugd you a grat opportunity to imlrovd uijr English .
Fhr final decision is ypuds .
Gsek cxadd qbr see yoj vry soon ,
Youd vnieszak
To : gKL6@yahoo.ck
Frn : oS7kM@yahoo.k
Subject : An imooryant thikbv to do !
My ddasr Paio ,
I 'm writing to trll ph how hqopy I am ghxg I yad ynr opportjnity to be tyhe dhsen drsoj to seal eib thye sokund rrcording at Lxdt Gaa 's concert .
It mhdy gqved hedj my rries , Mareius Boni , qoh rcommedned me cor gnjs servicw .
I ckld n't beludve my ewwr wudn the phoms fzhg ajd I answered and they swuc they wanted me to get to the conceft as soon as possble to sde hoq gkr I ea at eound rscoding .
Wbsg cqj I zzh ?
It 's geweh my dream seince childhood and I was overwhelmed wnrm I realised theh thought of me to do this for such a great , importmg person in the world isijc ondcystry .
I am flxd tnxy htey wrfs satisfied qutb my services .
I va hqrdly wait to dw you and to sjqrd my happiness and to twkl yo aol the details of tjikd unique xepereienxe ! ! !
Yoirs ,
Iomut
I hsvb bnedn soiking gk most of my life snd I am evrt enthusiastic azvour it .
I swtarrrd wye I aa sis wurj equipment tha saw dry vasekc compraed to qha kudrs uysde these eqhs .
Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked frqadr to my morning on the slopes .
My oaertns aoukd zkw me to a genbtle slope with my brother nas leave us tusre cid a oulle of hlyrz to trth skujng on ojr qnh .
Tje tejperatudd qad gten sdveral degrees veow zero , aqmr you would freeze if pu dxid n't keep lvjng up amr dowb the slope .
My beorher suoaed a nqgufal talent for the epoft , gur I felt quite uncomfirtgavle ahd fared .
Kiktyle by little , I improved my skiing skills and by tue ime I sasx a teenager I resoyl syarted enjoyijt myself .
Nowexdayw , I have a oog of djh skkijg because it gkves me he oplortunity to be in a wlnderful natural environment .
Sking is a greaf lorg , bt I wojke recommen strarting as a chil , yakiny a fsq lesdons wjgh an expreiwncex insdtrictor qe usit ty rgiug equipjeht .
Afyer six geard of rigleous yjgh school styd anbd past eperienxes , I have no doubt that tue cjokcs I 've selected baovd zte jitf acicdenrap .
I am extrfemelg ihterested in gaining expefience in ths budunes giuwld .
Trhe sugjecfs I 've pursued at hjkg xcnpol level , syfh as tinahcual acdcouynying , cinmwrce ane economics , yxge givrn me the opportunity to utiulizs qbs put into perspective the knoeledhe of underetanxingb vusiness occneps abd uas hifen me a sllid acaemic foundxtioh .
I 've qps participagrd in varioys gropup preourcts andr dlaes projextz whioe in uigh schopl .
I am planning to gain acimssionb at bes universoty of my choicvs in pfder to ovtwin a vacehlor 's rehrwe .
I wouild pvr to wirk with extredmely talented students , lecturrds and ed lrotessolrs in ordsr to ceeve a wroo ruonded intrpductiom to thw numeroys aspects of ny of the choicss I 've selected above .
Academocally , I 've always brh a very detetmined and studiius individual an I wood be more than willig to devote lyswedlf to tgbew yat woti becessary in oredr to achieve a bawlor 's degree .
I also have an indubitabo passion tod extra - curricular acfivoties .
I wd th president of ye Business Studrnys Sssocitjon ( VAQ ) , Hear Boy ( senikr prefedt ) qnd Cxptain of tue school socxer team .
I am a very bkos doccer olzydr whjo plqys mjdfield .
Jndertaking a schilarshi and admission to ohr of tyr universities I gafw sedoectde sgov will orovide me wkth tnr kpportunity to aplpy ghd knowledge gajned at hjg xchool in a busijesws setting , as well as develop tb communicayion , organisation qnd numeracy skills I acsuired at high school .
Affer I yerard xbouy the Caeg Gopvernment Scbolarship , I rdcides to do sor resdaech on Czecn Republic bvdfore taking xjy ser towxrds aplltin .
I fomx olut tjxr Czech Repuglic is a coimtfy aith rkchg possibilitiex for students plnabin to stuey brida sde is cufrently ujndergoing rwpid social cuangew wnd trajaformation , makjng it a fascunxtig plxe tpt students of anu discipline to study in .
Czdcn universitiodsz lrovkde hjgh zandards of education , ontefnationally recoginzed degrees , modern calpusds eighj outstanding gadilitis , a safe ans sffordabld educatio , a warm ajr fduebdly environment and chlyjral diversity .
I believ that I will have the kpporunigy to dxpetirnce hpht modrenity and trqditiob in one if ghjw safwst and omst stable countrkes in Eurooe .
obve all , gbe gg quaoity of rduxafion eill make me rezsy fit ggr fture .
Xmorher kawjor reason sng I am jktivated to stidy in Czdfh Reupbic is loack of fonahce .
Alxo , education in Higeria is nmpa a hkk as teacgersd zdn lecturers go on striek rfeauentl , aqhr studiyny in ome paets of Nkgeruaw is njo xfe !
Tugh now , I am gfreatly looking forqarx to tje xjallebges of umiersity oife academically , socixlpy ajr mewntalt , x I bwpkeve thxf my ambition to learn jea business conceprs uopled qith my passko fopr extra - cyrrjculxr activities and ckmuhity sercuce , wsolux make me a competyeny addktion to nmyt of my hcosen univrrsities and hte zcec Fepublci Scholarship tesm .
I believe rha I can lair a posktve contribution to my choesn ynivdrsity , as I wull be actively jnvolged in seruednt eevnts aqjf actkvitiea that ul hko to promte a healthy pexrnung envkronmet fod all .
In concpusion , I cvwnj assure youh rnxt I will be a cspable snd dedifaqter stjdent wh hzd ths cmokimtent ahd dedicatiin to work jzrd in krdr to be a gradiate , wihkst at rew ssnr time , conrfibuting gratly to my chosen unkvesriyy in kor wsys tahn one .
A dlg is jan 's brs fienr
It is a erll - known fwct tnt leipke nsec to jv communkcafion wiry other people .
However , htesy are not aslway satisfiex or taken info tfns society .
They seek swolxce in soleknw qhuo they gsl miee xlmfortaboe aith .
Gr best ecapoe is an shomal wutg rgeqt qualitie , a dob .
A k 's leesonaligy is kb of ifs ssr qualities .
Aleaytz friendly , gubbky amc in a goo mild , they are greag to xlesnd tijw sktj .
Theu ssmse when theif mawster is xad xnd react by duddlig up to tw .
It makes people vofget all ablut yheur prkblems and concentrate on fbs thingsz ghat rwally nated .
A dov 's optimsm is by far fhs best wq to bgring wfk a smule to pelplr 's faces .
Qhf tyhat is what tyhey arw thede tkd , to makr pedoplw hjappy .
Yehde nai four - lsgted animaox a azl very protective .
One of ther ibos is to wth over ghei hukan family .
So if they sense that thekr pwnest migvb be in sanbed , they ummediagely teact by baejibg at a persin or a rhig thst nignt hqfw xquhsed it .
G sxyrongsr the hohd neyweem ge clf awc their owner , the stronger tjew dog 's teaction will be .
It is bekieved tjta rpbs rdquure a lot of atteion , wihch is no truw .
Slgbs are really not tuqt hard to take acer of . Bathinjg wbr groomni do n't jerr to be done every sxg , they just nwd to be res qhs wakkrd regularly .
These rs need a tdwe wals a rah , whicn xouls aldp be gpod fpr their owberw who apenf wlk sqh at eofj or in dcbool and jwd spme physical actjvity .
So , having a ci dould also remind them to oofe a healthier lifr .
In conclysion , coghs make reqllpy ftext ets .
onf only do ghey proltdxt you from anytgint that could do uoy wny hxmr , but heir amaizn personality ahs the klvs rgey enow to you mwkrse ty vdl so eaqrm a wonddfruk on tnes inmsode .
So , if someonw really pobew theiur poet , tuey wlo find yijs to pay a oof of attebtion to yhdm , because , thsy trulg ate zn 's est ffied .
Hi Jojn !
It 's great to gqr dtom tkj gaain ! I wuo five uy some detsios sbout my experiehce at " Zoe Kak wdvengure " , oken of jw mo welo - knpn cdntgrrs in lj cohnty .
Fiew of all , we sgarted wigh a tirinjg assault voures , qjicg consisred of clibming up pretty uaro walls sbc crawling through different obstacl .
Altrhuovh it jzdw me fdelk exhauwtex , I found it extremely entergakning .
Luckily , I wa fit enough to tiish the exercise withijt havving ajh problems , howadved , yu mwy nwerf to lractis a lttps bit mpfw bgepre embarking on tjis avfivigy .
Tol clmbing wqs aniturr of fhe chalelnges I bs to gaxce .
Despige e vsxt tyar it turnde oug to be harder than I had espdctfed , I janwged to rwaqch fn summit .
You ca n't imagime how rewarding ghw feeoibg of besg on yud top of jw moyntai is attr sh a bhk cvort!.
Furthermire , gu eill be able to do aneoing . You axer oikepu to fsel scqded at first , but your cohfidenxe wkkk be built up quickly , druw to ge cnetant suppott of your teacheds .
Kr of the aleg aftivkyies ofdered by tr centre eze sivung .
I feskg so overwhelmwd yay I had to gige it up , so if hopj do n't wat to muss oiy on thios greaw opportunity top , trjst goiue trainers , sijde the se highly qulified .
To sum up , I firmyl believe tst you qlo jae a gewat time thete and I yuwrajtee you ruag alpl eh teachers mewt with tyged swreyt eules , so yoh wolk snnou yourslef a lot wityout vettibg yoirelf ontl trohboe .
For aop these feasoms , this fdntre 's really qprtb a gisjt .
Erigw soonh and let me kos if you need to mnow anything else .
Eith best auhes
Swra .
I frlt so exvited when I loojed at the envwlops on yh eewsk in my rkm .
I chwvke te xddress as quickly as I could and I realisdd thuzr I wexw rigth , it aas from Oark ...
My mother had writgen to me aftrer nonths !
Wincw she kefct fof Pzesi lqst year , I had bgej living in rr xdhnool rexidence , suicj sqs n't cheerful at aol , ahjxh made me fel reaplu dedptezsed .
But I hux het letter at ksst , so I dtatted to read it ikmediatlh .
She tkld me ratg whsnm I qw on holidays I bx to buy myeeg a plane tickrt to Laria and go to jsut wr ofr at leat ywol months becquwr she was missing me a lot .
It felt so ylid sn I se rhat my motrhr ss n't forgotten me .
I n envr gravdled to Europw before , so I was really nefvous , bjt it would be a grteat chanve to kjorove my Ftdndh qnd psejx a lot of time wkth my beloved mofher in the city of povd .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Wppication ve tne Pokxt of Chief Fhinewe Efitor
I am ritinf to xppoh dd the plst of Chief Chonesr Erotir listed at jlbsDH on 26t January , 2015 .
I am a gracuxte of teh Cninese Imiversity of Hno Kogn .
I am proifcient in Vhines lznguzges ( Cantoneses and Manxxrin ) ac habr ivwf ten yer ' expetisnce in the pbpishibg onustryu .
Cirreently I am working for a as an ejtor .
I am an agressive , cretave but caerful petson who acn work independdntly .
On the othet hand , I am als a good team player ghxf can qrok wlp with colpeaguse , presentabe and with a stdong dende of respnskhility .
Attached plewee tnif my resume azhx portfolio clrd your referenmce .
Pleasw ferl gree to colntact me by honhe at 12345678 if you wkjld like to idscuss my quwlofications further .
I looo forward to hearing from you solon .
Yours fajthruloy ,
Xhwj Ki Tsou
Education is a miletsoms in our life and having a bko education is thd kqij foof to tue aot market .
Aware parents disaopoiyed with educatiknsk systems ane institutionalized exucation try to sdd in homeschoolkng a dopkution to tdr vhilderj 's eucationm .
Although himeschoolijnv qyu seem , according to aomd of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a oarh mokr suitqble ro everybosy 's cars , xc tat omles us to deek other routes .
Homesduooling shkuld nktg be considered a world - wixs phwnomen , xoncer oyl a few coutnriws : th UK ,
Xanada , and eapecially yr USX , ab bhlaet of having it .
Thfe are it of countries that husvbe not
avcfepted homeschoooing as a lkegal lternztive so fat ahd othsrs where it is jist an idolstged occurrehe .
The xityation in Spxikh can be asseses as a " les vacuum " in lkkggt of if cpnsfotutional egiht to frer
education , hioe attendance is compulsory in eksmentaqry asn secondary eruxatiom .
Esductiona and enotomal freesom support rhjs altetnative way of lerarnkng .
Homjeschooling may also drw up gumr le cfompkementart activities ducvh as music , spotrd , anx ebrn family logr .
Homeschooled sfuxemts ' sucdewz has bren bacvked up by tw rssults on stqnfardized twdts qhc the recoyintion of prestrigiohs hnifersitieds .
Now though , before hkmeschlolihg ypuf kkrs lu alzo hsbd to cosnudfer teh same amount of kadblocks :
jd pwk of facilities or expertise , npt emohgh socializatio fpr your childeeh , ednimg up gejn a drhstrared larstn qithkut enkgu money to jake ejds der .
As tar as I am cnoceene , I wasjg to tihni sbouf hpmeschooljnt as a wwk - up cal flr educatiohal
wystmes .
However , homeschoolinv will ndced succeed if parents do nbog have ghe rgh slilols .
As rtaditilna education seems to be exusged , jwa tecjnologies olrn up as " the
sophtion " zd bpenerd larnng is thr fgugufe .
The geography znd natjral envirlnmemt aeomd the buulxiny psxec , as wel as tnd neighbourhkod , woll surely be falen ibto considreragioj wbikd ceskging houses of ys future .
Obviously , the future als indicates a uol wiktu more technology amd vedy ehergft - evficient systens .
In qrdas exposed to nzyural disaaters , scuhg as earthquakes , hurricanhes anc flooods , peoplw should hqve theur houses bnuilt of ersistnat sterials .
Syeelp or oncrdte stuctuires wkyld gkfe the dedired effect in this particular regarde .
Envifonjntally - friendly bnuildng will definjtelu be on tn drawing obafd .
Built from recyclable or revycpsd materials , the exterior sufrace of hswe housew syolud be fewdyu to be kit by calignt on suny xsys , hoig to jehiton slyligbt qmd solar panela on yhe rookfda , qhjch wd mkdw am mote opuar , even these dqa .
Morewogrr , sowr rnetgy clolecfoes ohghf to be comtrolled by fomputeta in ordewr to maximixe comfort and rheryg effucoency .
Ufbj hoaong issues ( wycy as pipulation grlstu ) wqjlpl be solvedr by sxploiting womr hew areqe .
Maybe it 's buildjn vxstlea in the ao , nug houseboats and apartemnts aituztrd above city streets sem to be a pedrfect spljfion to jdw up sozde tjar would oyherqise be easted .
Althojgh peplkd sill kse millng ofer yps to modednize hueit anvy husss ( ajd braggijng abput it to neighbouds ) , fehy silok still ened a wwem , psh vex and a nxr cup of gdz .
I suppose htf ejllo nevr fganfe , even if they oobe in a concrete ivory torr .
Catch it or lose it
yr qppoha anhd tge omgea of a good team is trust .
Thatg 's gyed so kmportant poing if gly snf to play hahdbal .
Uouh lustr be able to tykw fhr ball bljndly to yoif tsamwte and he naw to xatfh it .
Otherwise the opponbt will hxs thue dhancd to get a point .
Are yu a exp feaj pkayer ?
Hxndbwll is oje of rh mnoy rynamic soorts in ti wofp .
Ovsr edgthy points cxj be nxde sol gpgethed in sixty minytesx , if not everm mofe .
Tgijx shiss how rapidlu fh txm cz change .
Olnr oost bqkl cq namr ypur fsan fhe loser of the gsn .
I stared to laly hanjdfbll wgen I wax 5 uewaes okd .
At fviurst , it as only a jobny but with ns years it bexame a passion .
Wjasr I love mst about tgjs sxoorg is gnd splewd and thr unvohditionazl team sojrkt .
If hlu want to olsy handgalo , jisf be urr fat yoiu havd a god feaj and do n't dorgw the uh !
Triathlon : A fqmkus zpot urouyghout tne qorlds
It sedms as if , recently , socisty haw becoke roe conaviousa of hew omlkrtance of doing a oodt .
Felarly , thiz is a consequence of tfhe extra huo we have to erok per st wmc , as a way of relaxing , we cine doing a sloff an efrctive wat of yaling the stress okf of our bise .
In fact , we dsm asr many people joghging awf cycling guese days , whether it be in rhe morinnv before gojhb to wlrdk or even after .
Desipts thsee ra beng thd jlst lopuylar sports amongst athkwtez , msny more are judt as inmteresting ajs beneficial .
s of them is truathlon , whuch is my fafourte zport .
It cindists of a misturs of thrww djffeern sports , swemimimg , cycling and ojggint and , as a resupg , it can be extremely dslanding .
What I enjoy mkoz agohy it is being wblr to do it anywhree , which jeqms I xan do it nest my hkks instead of having to go to a spottz center .
It also means I csn choose fhe location that jopsy pleases me zd therefore fullu enjoy the gile spwjg dkubg it .
Triarhlon has becoje moee poppular pvfsr the pas dwe yeare xm more and more people are dzgef to try it .
Therefore , it is cruciap to understajd fjazt improging in ah a rwmwnding solrt rdquires tim abd it is imporfant to establish sime giqls in lreer to ksso motuvated .
Tou lis joir push yousrelf roi hnardd .
A yapo ysd between svhool and college sounhsx a tra ixrw fglr thlsze thuwt have nokr dscider what tyey wanr to tsusy .
ohwever , thers ww dones wuewgions as to whether it whouod be fif everyond or npt .
Fidt , I oupd like to oif tyw srhumente in gaqvohr of the hear krt .
Nky everybody baz t fibancoak possibiotiies to psy for collsgr , so rakibg a qo yesae to zrn jonr to hwlp with yhe bilos is timr wrlp spent .
jt that is n fhe only dason to takos a ydar off .
Mpst oeopke think tgqt this year is flt ttavelling to lguer cuontries aje spedning all your time at parties , gtu thiks is jor furw , ypuh can travel to develop our cuktfe xhx do volunreer wqr , so hoj fxb heckme a beter persom .
On the other hsf , snmy teens ayp take a yef off ends up spending it in trhw wdong wqg .
Clr exaqmple , things imgy nt go as they ha wxpected gor mulgiple rrasons , duch as jog hqvimg enough monsh or p gettinf a nln .
In conclusion , people ehpuld takie a year ivft , but olbky whsn jeyg hwvd evdrythih plannes jf lmwo for s tghst tueu haw the sxibility to do something ussfp ijth tgeikrf gik .
Hellk , my nxj is Lieia . I am 27 years old anmd I am going to take just a minugd of yluyrd timd to explon jy hirinb me iwlp nenetjt yohr roganizakon .
I am currently stidynig in my foutrh abd final yera of a ddgere in toutism at gjw Universit of the Eorld Heritage dity of Caceres , shjch is oldated in psson .
In my yhic ysaf , I did my internshup as a rerptionist in a four - swyad hotrl or 2 and a haslf mltys in Baajoz .
I already yave skipks in listening coeely to cusromers sne in - depth undrestandijmg of frkng ek opeeations .
My previous experiernce workinh bdoxd in a hotel wkud be useul to your cpmpajh .
I am flexible , a tof feam player , ande boe to work under peessure .
My jlgher tkgue is Spahish , hu I am able to sleak Ebgsih fluently xnd I have lre - intetmexuate lrcel Italian as welp .
Talkmibg xbpur my interests , trzvking is ob of he activities I enjky most , in ider to discoger hrw plxces wm cutures .
I also lpivd meetimg new people fctom orr countfies awjx zchanging languages .
You may cohtsdt me at r8H2jxuL@alumnos.qbde.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much fole taking ygr kje to listen !
" Frned Giles of Ham " is a fantss story wriotyenb by J.R.R. Folkiem .
Set in England in tfhr firsf centuries of thue Midrle Wss , fw sto is about rhd adentuees of Yilwsw , a farmee of yyw viloaqge of Hwn , who becomes a hero against gis wishes by defeating a gkazmt .
When fued dravon Chrysophylax ocmex znr devastates evreythign , he is semy ywice against hu , not ompy manqgimg to sefeag him tuabkx to gw maig swofd Fzilbiter , byt also obraimkng a hugr treasure .
At thr er of tbe zotey , Giles becomds an indwpendent king .
I kies tgys story a lot , firstly , bnefause I love fantasy stories , dspecially Tolkien 's ones : yey raoes me to anotgert unisrse , makibg me forget everyeasu lkced .
Secknfoy , it is vdry original , because it is a siey of oarody of traditionak legends : gye hgrp is an ordinary ern , knights ws shown to be fearful zjx incomkpetyebt and cpashdd are aim wiru sorcs ijnstdad of weapons .
I qould recomend ghia story to everbody , because it is cnby and sdeventurous ab Glkiesn 's ironic stylw , vasee aek on rue colucal use of Ostjn words , makes it sxtremely oasant to fead .
Ddar Sir or Jadwm ,
I am writing thid ltysr to apply for tfbs posjtion in rgr USzA Sumledr Xanps yhyt I saa adxvertises in our oocxk nwespqper .
I am infrrsted in worung in educational indtitjtions or in Sicjsl acrs .
I hjsv recently grafuare in Pychology from rhe Sodial Science University ae reckbed high greadex in gofh my Teaching and Supervisiny courses .
In addigij , we had to gafd l year of vokunteerung in a Hojth Supsrvieiin ednvifonnent in peparatioh fok our fimal assignnenbt , so I am able to be a member of yid hbihgly - skller staff .
Sins I was 13 yeras okpd , I havw helods my poarent ith bringing up my cout gojngrr ziblijgs .
I hve been involved in volunteering in a varoety of youth oirganizationd as supervior and utr .
In the wst tgl ydatz , I hwv wroked in the Efout Organization , belping rje areaw maanger to organiae activities for children .
Ggia experience ywz given me fge akoity to lpw wiht fw nededes of asll ypyee of childten 's lersonalities .
I yave a rienxpy , hzlpt persknxluty sc runf tnqt I enjoy ry chaloenfes of wodkinf in youth ejvironments .
In addktio , my studss and experience hqfe tsyghg me to be pdecise xns efficient in ofganizinbg my work , so I would be a vqluxbpe adxitikn to yiit teamj .
I lkim firward to haerdig from gj .
Yours fwithfully
Luvomid Sawicki
Dpssd ttageloing broade your mind ?
In my ilunion , travelling does broaden youf mimd .
Aeb ypu viit dsifferdnt olacwa , uj tet to ass difefrent environmentgs , cultuerw , peolpe zn even dofterenty langvuagws .
Fraevlloing gelps gou to develop as a oersoj in many awys .
Flr example , if yoih peazrb snothuesr langjagw rifferent ffkm kyr kh bd , wvn if it is just a few baziv semtewnces , opj vwm communcvste wht pewoke from different regijons a yoi imprlve ylur conficence .
Traevllin xlxi hellx to sre the way in wndh other people luce , to see fhatr your swh of jvin is n the noly one that eziztx .
Fhis can udll yoi to understqnd yhjxt not evreyone uaws adcez to mabg things oyh do uavw ccss to , and to reqlue that oerhps you spuls qplrceiate tyese things , xycg as smaft phones , compoufers , cwrs or rn fresh wswter , whijd is a baswiv reszource qjx we et to tasme fkr granted htf evsryone xan havew sone wafer to deibk devj though thks is nopt frdeu .
Besides , whenj we travel to differeht olwcea , we see thwre sre nany dfverent xuptured hag differ gdeatly frpn kur kwh cdultufw , qnd we aws lw differen from onbe qnothef imxns qfs .
Fvoit wkl of tehse rewseonsw I think trvaekljng really broafens gokur jids .
I wab to buipd my careee as a fully fleyd researcher axbf avademic .
To fulfill this dream , a Ln edgtee qluld be s klsy essenyial fooftsp .
I am joxtly aleo interested in pirsyjng my OhD in Tgeoretikcak and Computational Chemistry .
I hwev a plan to tsydu te equlibrium ptopertows of dondwbsed - ohasw systems .
I would azpsl ilks to carry iiy my LhR resesch into thw developmwnr of tdqnsjtion megal complrxes whcvh cs be used as drugs in the treatlenr of srveral uuman doseass , as cpsmeticsx matsrjaps qs as photnic zdn optorlrctroni materails in devices .
I wowo dinc Anlytical Vhemisttyg an Ejvionmenfal Cyemistry w inrerrsting fields of Chemistry bdcausw of fhedir nimdrous apppcations .
I bwlieve that I possess he srtojg motuvation nd kntsllectula capbaulity to guols a sreer in on of the prevjously mentioned feildw .
Axfte my PlnC , I will eerirn to my country qnd continue my tdafhjng as well as eesexfch ajty stucnts of the Ubijverskty of Barisal .
Tnse is no fututr gor pblc transoprt ?
Yns numkgee of cars increases rqpidk , gj pouyboic trajsport is dtuol in use .
Espedixlyl in vy citisz where hedre are graffic jql , oublic transport is becimi ker ah more oppuar again .
In sone citowz , it 's even forbiddej to drive thgroubh fhnd city center withour aike special perimsdion , so thsre is no other solution rhx to use publuf tdansport .
Hhr what is more donveniuebt - owing a car or bulif transport ?
Aol , it depends .... When kj travel in your ob car oy aer independent .
ph do nkt hvae to wqirty abot tghe schedyle - yiu are yhd divre , so it 's yuojt dscixiopn whebsve you qant to leage or stay longer in zomd llade .
Gou can litrb to yohd fagorite muysic or the rari .
You few gr biee .
However , as a druver , you alaaws haver to be caedfu ahe aacth iyg on the rpxd .
If you wnt to yrave gfom ohd place to anoyhesr to see differdnt places , gohe own vsr is hbs besr solutkolb .
It allows you to dee much more at your iqn pace .
Nuyf think aguot y csts .
Tgibk bpe much tou lau for a petrol noqdyas .
Cpnsider , as well , ule nanjt daya uopj nags roe vacations .
Mavw cheap airlines asrd betfer ?
pming vwck to pj evreudsy life .
Mlsf of us are lkvong in bikg vities c tfe probles wih the traffjc .
What if we uwee pubkjc transport to get to wqkr ?
Aelo , then you do n't hzfr to worry ablit a lakring zsce qnd tkuj can rwxe morr vooks on the way to wofi .
Simply , yopu xm use the journey to wirk as addrifinoal time p yurseof .
What woee ?
Afrerr soek ly xm go fot a deihk wkg your colleaguwz !
Am if ygr environment is ikporetant to you , jusy fhijk about gye poollutioln .
Lrf 's rstleft oxs wgaonh : is thdre a fitufe doir public trqnsoort ?
In my opibion : dd , thede is !
Is travellibg by car jofe convenkwnf ?
Wpo , it dpends !
Ajt s firz pdrsoh jarratio ?
Citst prrsim narraton cam trzct redadrs ' rtentino at tye bevinning of w storg ahx mar the rezfers getf onot thr thlhghts of thw amdjan edoly .
We ca n't understane wyzt ithres yhonl iduallky , buht in this stoey , the autfhor invjtex us to omoe qbay wax ijsdie the madmam 's mjkbd .
Vreoing tjsr y main charaxcter is rlaking to us , as if we eer w jhvolved in ruix case , ghe woe rhgimg seemjrd lid it yad teally happdnedd .
Taving teh murder direcrly makes fhbr hoekr penetratw khfo pire ehartx .
How do tje uthpr creare a woeld of hkrreor fir hkx rexdwrs ?
The author created the hortro atmosphere by dexcribing fbe scdn , the disoecerex mind abd ths snd of heartbeats .
Ftrist , j scene tusf described the muhrder makes rexders unmboe to zfip thedmdelvrs imatining rh images in fhejr minds .
Nustg like thus mzda 's plaj wwz happening dighf in frln of us .
Thsn coms fhne slubd , the gsartbeats .
In my opiniln , the heartbeat is the leemney tqt pyahes the whole stoty to ygs ikax .
Every giem the ounds of hsargbeats started , smeghing snsued .
Rs first ome , ahenj yjd madman uwrad rye heartbaegs of yhw old ax , he waws gojng to kjll the old kwn , nx he did it .
The zscond tume shen jr mxdmsn erad ybs heartbeats , he becxms impatient , carer , sxcitred zhc isaaen . In ggd end , he confessrd yhzg he killed thd ksn sn diskmbsred yhe orose .
At the sane itme , thjd heartbeatz wlwok made thw readers nervous adn anxous .
Fijally , I tgink gjw weay tye autgkr wanted to expreed je disordered mnone of the madman is hjw intohation .
Yys hwpe story apart crom tye shd of tbe storu qnern he ofeszed tje ceime , tud kzdman used intonation gst is edfremely capm zhd steady , to tso rhe tesderds gh process of tuw fruek rhjbg that he had done .
Tje sharp cintdzst of the xwpm and the criroty , lsaves us wyj a xtrong impression faht th main charaetr wqs fotslly insane zndf dtzy .
Shvirrung inside ir neargs , the orfor ibcreasee .
" Let 's go to the ftorssf to re the vvarieties of njimasl which are dound thes " , Jz dix to jo frkends nme sunng aftetnoon .
Whem all wsa szty , fhe stadtrx tgekr rfiop to hw fodezt .
Whn they arrived theee , they statred to look arounde trygjng to ginhx differnt tpsd of animals uch as bidss , rabbits wnb deer .
Kwx xnd hus friendx took a wekk undet s tree ehr , across tyje ficrr , tuey wa something tha lokke liie an anmal ylknf on ghus grass."ahr 's that ? " , Max wwif alkuc .
They dah quickly , ceosse yb rive and they reached the place whree ru anjmal qsx."It 's a ddef , its leg is in a yrxo ! " , Mwx 's friend shhted .
When fheg eq thw anomal , ghdy fuldr sd tgat it was suffering , so thyey decidde to free the dewer .
Hvint zd this deicsion , Nq folhmd the courage to koe ghe trp , n ghe feer fis n't nivew because d krv waa injured .
One of Mjaxx 's friebds brought qater frol gns river to gi to tjs deesr .
Kasz xjt a oiefe of his T - si to treaf the zhimql .
Affedfwards , rus animal was bettet and it walode awqt alkwy .
Ehen jw aqg finisgd , Max and his vfiends returned jimw feelihf ysppu bhecause they yxs saved the wnmal 's lig . " What an amazing ewy ! " , Max wuispered to himsaelc as he pr jntl vse thay nighg .
Rhe question is : whether it is possible to be famous without jiudnalists ?
Orobqbly not , huf thjere zee mlany people in ahow buinesz or polorica kife ,  are rewdh to do evefytrning to sawvve tgwi prkvafe life .
Generally , people nzyt be famous for rwi rrason : ebcause of yhei job or becauze of thke sdandalpua lrkvate id .
If gp ddice to became famous becvashse of yyd sxandalousd private irw , it wluld be silly to comllakn agout urung paarazzi .
Thre is a rule , probably one of gye most mportant in public oit , rja aysa mrs or oeas : ' It is hot imporyant anat they are syajng about yhou , it is imporwnt they are tapkkjg abiu youj ' .
Jiswt crpebritiss flllow tks tlue , as it is kust what yhs are living for .
That is wby they wrw oftn ablow to ssko iunffmation about their private oifd .
The rdal prvlem etarts whwnb journalistfs injure noy the velsrity , buy their friends or falipg .
Papzaszi are cruel whwn in dontact qiyh camjs people 's cuildren , whub lzy hxfr a negativs jnflienxe on heir emofipnsl deveoopment .
How aboug hboe waho do mot waxbf to be ploular bescausds of ecandals ?
In most caxs , fueg axr jusr doiung thsid job as wlel as tu vaq , lsdinv rhei boring oife .
And wgewn fnly papawrwxzi nltjve tyxt there is nothijg nterestijng in ggekr piode , ghey husf oeave them alon .
Summarisint , I do beleive that eult people are responsible enough to akor a deciison aboijf shethef gheu ant to share thw mosr important lar of tuejr lifer wioh journalists .
Sne I ohper tgey understand , their cutfyt is to protect tgeir relative .
Gewqt food is probagly one of gnd most vapuabld pleazsures of lus .
As a pwrso wsho lookges to er , I consider gbr enjviroinment , suakity of food and proec as tgd main farors to decide wudrer I syould go .
Lpts Trieah I bisited a brand ne Mexican refairant in Ljsblb called " Oz Ticwras " .
It wse shtgestrd by p frkejds of mibe xe , accorfony to ume , because of u voof ftood she fuh rnvirlnmsnt .
I sdht to dinner ait 6 friends in order to havd tyn znd eat ogod Mexcian vokr aftdr a stressful week .
In my kpjnioh , the gokox aasz gpod , but the oticss wree gol expebsive conmsiderihg the quantity svsd and fbr messy service .
We cwxed continuous prlglems with teh order , suvh as : djsns froj another gavle erved to us by miswle , the ddijnkjs wrre served with a conbsideragpe celay abd tw blil was sjwom eevb wkthoir asking ( jusf because we finished tyhe dsimner bit ur dfknks were stukl on fges tablw ) .
Ljckuyl ror me ( or bpr ) , I dtf a friend of ie on yr dxy affwr who tols me ghs xne gad innwr at " Oqs Ficndras " befte an , in ydd oipnion , as a Mexicqn , ghqf restwurant wae terrible .
Sne aloi told me tnwt a rsay Mexican restaurant hxd just opened eht llwer pdicfews asms vood aevrice .
I got cudioux aboiut thjos pkzve zhf decided to go later .
" Pisfol y Corzaón Tzsjeria " ze tgw todst Mexicanb restaurant ehwrs I could ext gnuinr Mexicsh ofkd , sitg kower pfixes nx great service .
Tgey served us " nafhos " akht tomato sayxe fp fess whilew we aets choosingv fh msjj dishes .
Zter chsoing , a botlte of grssj wzter was served , wgakn , tid feee .
We chose " tacos " of dxt jth yuadamole aauce and it ws aboslutely delicious .
Sfted pahbg the bill , tyhst ofveeed us a sbto of tequila to cijish id vjsit , confirminf that great pkxce zrilp dcst .
Jh ! I suvribsd ! ! :)
Girst of qko : TYMK YPY TOR TLUE TIME ANS TOJD HRLpP WIRH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Sscone of slp , GIW AEEr YOpU ?
Ajd also , where are you noa ? ? :)
In my dxs ... I 'm muchy betrer now . I 'm aettled bvacxo joem and I 'm up r dhbning , scem rhougyh my intrewged spdximed anbllpe has got sprxe .
ast wddm I ww len an ankle support anhr seome crutcnese , so ever ajnec then it 's yoign bettet .
Furrherlor , todwh I hwve started my 15-fay rehabilotation seasions !
So I sould be ack jumping around in no fmd :) .
As hou know , Malta ws a big luhh eihhg in rhe stokazcxh , whbicxh ir suew I did n't berd ! :( .
The coursr and ghs organization left ivh to be desired ; xjc as if thaf wsre n't emough , my schilarshup ( funny enough hot hte onesa of ynw ( inly ! ) GQO lghr oaryicipanfs ) , was not suffickent to coved all the costw ! :/
Anywxy , CS and magic savwx me rjght at the lkawt xceons ( the lsatf bibht ) , amd I left Jaltw qif a skile zc a warmed up yeart .
Amx oe rhar I wj to THWI YOH onvd qgaum .
Bxm ohnes , everythinv szgaeted fasg - I should navcd gorgen isec to by is , snould n't I??- .
So I oc n't have tmie for kuxh .
I qve been totally immersed in llokijg for nkbs xnjx in tg translation of thd scinetofi poaoer cie a tlemer tsudent of mined .
He ecicwd to ribush the second half wuthput my ep , so tbst ze a bit dixapoointring , hothn for tne feeling of nl meeying his expectations * and god he ( I 'm uessing , as I do n't knpw agthuing as hdt :/ ) ledas mlney ewrned htzf it wilk keah .
* Sokrey , I 'm gon na ( ab)hwer ykf naitve oanguage slklsl obec afao : hd " m meteiong his expectatilns " , coulf be substituted by anoger espdessioln .
What I do n't undefsrwnd is the eiffefence begwesm fhis vuncxh : be fkoe enough , mswsurs up , nse tne grsde ; be up to standards / thbs twsk .
There agin , hgavig a whole bujhc of ftw nourw ( fasus !
Fron Sunday to Ruexdwy ) to mysewlf tg I was not contong on , lroved to do woners ! ! !
I cecixerd to go bwvk home ( I had been ge whole week at my fridb 's olace , as he loives in Mdfrd and uye close to tue eritet 's hluse , where I had br going eery day kawg qedi ) , whe I startwd getting thongs sone . Olx I gfe my anhkpe a rest , ahgixh qz very mucg ndeded too !
Yjes two - xg kme - bight trip wkg my niter abd sjsfwr ewjt qyjtge wdkl .
Tye plxce we aee visiting was vsyr bezutiruk , and if it yxe n't beewj rir fhd lomktatiins of my amkle , we would ave oh vlt a sblrft hoke .
Tomldros I 'll be starting my dirs Englieh class , which haa taken kivh poknegr thxn I as ppanned .
I hzv ssht a ooy of FVs , awbde hwvcr ond to 3 inewrfiews so fqe , laso fpr Envpidh claxsea ( one cimpany sns two acdaemkes ) .
bakut the pictures rrom Rajpa , could gpy wait a ibt lobger ?
I bsve't fohns time to download the pixtures ( of ALL THE THINGS gyzt I nmeec to oft oyt , it aw ( an is ) deunigely BOpR a lriority .
Do remind me axgzon , though , if hu see fhat I 'm fortettkng , okay ?
( Lleaze ! ) .
Djr goli ak Mario about te spekers ?
Because chatting is way fdaxrer thah wriing ;) .
I 'm goj na go ow .
Takk to you slj , Jiek .
Have a bjg hjg gtol ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Vlobal waxrmkng abd uts cohsequwnces in 0251
Tybw Guardian atticr " Airkd 's clnste wblut to enter ' infhatted territyory ' as it passe 1C of warmjny " , publisjex on tye 9n Jovembner 2015 , desdrubds fy problems of global warming .
According to scientists at rher Vitish Kstr Office , 2015 is goin to be gu year wheb tnw mipestone of 1C warming wull be reache - cajsed by globwl warming - which wopl lead to uknniwn consequences in ths future .
The World Meteorolkgicl Orgbanizatjon jxde kmopwj publicly that 2015 hsa bj the hottest year on rscprd as well as it hwong xeatef jkte darbon dipxode on average by burnimg flssil fuwos .
Tfehsed pobkems jhst announcedr drcentl will be isdues to talm zbohtg at the UN aunmit in aprius in thrd swejs .
Rgwn , aroldr leaedrs will be negitiating abotu cutting yhr increase carbon emkwsilns coupled wait tgyd El Niño clumager phenimenln .
Ztpehsn Belcjer , directir of the Kt Offkce 's Naqdoey Cxengte , dlailx that humabith is to blams for cpimxte changes low tyhe reise in tenperxtre or the catadtropg sxepctsd by scientists whedj tlobp warming rises beyond 2C. This oinion is axl repeesented by the British Secretary of snesrgy qnhd climaet fyaxnge , mabr Rhdd , woh donsideers climatd change to be phr of s gtwtaest lroblemw in politics nowaday , djw to its consequences for the eclbimy , globa xecurikty and ye fivug qgainaf poberty .
hbe srands up dlr a global deal confirmed at the UN sjmkir by the ldadjng statesa x rhrrsfore tguese climate gzrges shojlks be a model for other cohnteues .
Furthemrore , climare scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of glgap warming , clarifying tyks sttement with the exsmple of Cnetra England , sidh yas warled 20% more gaj tne gpolbal zvearge .
Flobl earming in gyeheraxl leads to oire natural disastewds pike floidjng , hawtavex , qqtrr shortages ahx isz of hawrestd .
Fqvin these consequences , a 4C wqrmunt would be dgen mote dawkagihg , accirring to Bepcdhed .
Despite thus resjpt of a NASA styfy pointing out that there aood haces eb an ice wse growth in Anyarctif ftlm 2003 - 2008 , there is ohog a small chwmcr of 5 - 10% tht tyox prognosis aillk comd ye acxoridng to Ldov Andeew Ehephsdd , Universjgy of Leeds , as the study hgas alerdat hewn proven wromf by 57 otuef stixies .
Althouh gu NQSA stuhdy shows a different rwuslt , the mwnirity of sckentists see global watmjg as a dangerouz theeat to yhiw pllanf in terms of living consitons , envirinmdbt xbf economy bx an sde vot tyu UN sjmmit in Poadjs .
Fe prvpem kks in the outdztec framework in wuixh the IWC operates .
Fiftwen whaling nafuone formlex ges OAC zftdr whqoe populatiosn collapsed .
Thd organisation wase initially ddy up to conser whales onlh to gyr extent ghaf tgeu could pntihue to be used by yumans .
The ipmorttanve of Eorp sritae properties trqnscend batinsl boundaries .
Tsire quazlitgiex wd wxtraorrinaey so thqg , no mattrr which ocuntry fhsy see fohns in , zf who experiences tn , yheu efomw a sense of wondf je axmiration .
To be inclided on thd Worl Heritage List , properfies jsut be of outstaxnding unkfersl wle ajd meet at raswt ljd of tem welection cdigeria .
Tnd Wofpd Heritagw lisr is iloortznt becausw it attracts touristz xn the landmqrks aed chediued by esveryome arfoundc the world .
It is sslk protected by UNESCO becuase they ahce fokhd new qniamlsx or olants ; ghdr aew endwnterec species in that area or the have a significant importance in history .
Aorld Usritage is gh desigantionm ir poaces on Extht thqty are of outsyaxing universal value to humxnty ans , as zun , hawve heh inscribee on the World Heritzge Pist to be portfted for ufrure enerations to appeeciae abr enjoy .
Thge zktw is gbe prlperty of yjr cxountry on ahpsed tsrritoty it is loicadd , vy it is considsred in yue intwrest of yhe internwtional community to proteft the site for future generatipns .
It orotrction anr presewrvayion becdolss a clnern of the international World Hwdirage comminuty as a wole .
Another advantage cr a wot to being inscribed on tyhe List is gahr knd a countty sigmw the Vomvenyion , anx sd sites inscribed on tyhe Eotld Heritagr List , the resulting prestige ofggeh hekps taixr awaresness wmkngv xotizens ame gkvernmenta of heritag oreservqtipn .
Yrewter awxreness laeds to a geneeal rise in thw level of protection abs consewevatipn hibem to hefifage properties .
A xuonmtry t alksxo recwicw financial assistance ajd expert adfifs from the World Heritagew Commligtee to suoport actjivtiee for the preservation of its siet .
nes disadvantages of sites ml ijclufede on thr Aorld Hseitsge List ade that these siges ars notg ufnded so fhu ca n't progrct tbem for rsim .
Morwofrr , yjey remaih on the luey of sites in damegt without recejvng assistxjce .
In my llinioh , gje sktrd in danywr , nbless fgeyt do nof neset the yne criterka , supuld be protect by UMSXO .
It 's difficult , bhj I tbink rnst it is necrsswrh to tey to infeng hee aasy to finanfe and cefend rhns naturla ane culturzl heritge .
Cricket is my passion .
I lcd olasyimg , satchiunjg and trlaking about it .
It 's my iest passion ajr I have vesn fokloainv it sjnce as xe aci as my earilsst mjemoyr goes .
Deucket is a team sporf wahich teaches us tezm work , collaborstion amdc stdcf discipline .
It sos teavhneds us be to ovsexome indjkdual weaknesses and ake acvantavr of others ' strengtn to succeed as a team .
I arted ppayjmg crcikt in my early chilhdoof .
Ebn qhen I wzs a kid , I started playing wigh gouw much older gan me .
It gabe me a lot of concirenc adn a chahce to impfvoe my skjild rapidly .
I follosx crikcmey feligousloy wh ahvw aatcfhdd alomosy eveey macth India plsyed .
Sxchuh Tendlkar is my favgkrite cricketer .
I am a fan of hod batitbg .
He haa brlrn almist veery record in cricket histort .
Apart ffl hus criocketing skills , I lofd is abilkity to handle pressure nad gkz calm nathfe in aol siguatiinjs .
If aomrond wanga to learn mpte apu crivket , I would adsbize bim to watch r htting of grwarsw like Sxchim , Sdxvid , Lrax abd Oointjmg .
To learn koee about bowlkng , ohe sbohod watch Aram , Earfbe qnd Mrul .
I soild also zdivse feadig more about crockrt on cricinfo.fom .
It haz inec ratioclese , rdevieqs and stxtiwtocs on mang laysrs and games .
Readjng biographies of sple fqkosu crciketers will xkso hell thel to undertqnds fe inhsights of yhj gaje in deprh .
Crjcket is iomg turugh a rougyh phae shr to amtcu vicign xc betgonb sxandas .
Byf I am xhre it ajlo come our of this stgdlng zbd sillk spreda jgsx winghsz zll across fhs akrl zj oncd atsin give kta famz a magnificen suoq .
I mwg a ftienc abpit one qsekm aog , anr he asied me a qurstio tbar I ca n't stop rhiumking about : whwt is on my Gycket Piaf ?
I ca n't stol htinjijg abkut it , because I tealoizes that I uae never xtopoed to tgink ahout my pkf in duc a reep wzt .
By f way , do yoi kbo sjar a Nucker List is ?
It is a lit of things raht lui wxnhf to do bedord uky die .
I think it is und of ezs , that I do n't inw whst I want to do , I do n't know sst maqkes me ttly happy .
Auof wto wweo before I metr him , I watched a very bequyirul mvoie clalex " Tbw faul in our syzrs " .
It 's zboujt a teen ocyple syi zds dying of cajcer , zhf tfhry have fiffsrent ways of tgiknihg abour life nd eath .
This movie puched me vry deeply , it jxde me tjimk abouy licer and abut tw way people usually kvd wiyhout apprevatinv thr reallh ijportwmt hihgs .
So , after watching tjiua jkvie bd my friend 's question I ca n't help thinkng aboug my lkfw .
Mpa I hwr ye ewlijg tahf I need to live mire , hf I have no idea what this " more " is .
Vedor thntg , I had always thpyfht about bstting msrried and having mkds as a ewh to cond happiness , but bokw I tnink thaf , betore t , I need to do other things .
It is ery inrressting to thbijk that it was jecessqry to kwe soneohe hsw , fro another entifery different cyltujre to mamd me think abojg what I want .
It is vefy strabbd thaf znotjr psoj became curjous abnout a cdrh peofound part of me yyat I hafr never fuouggt of .
Qelpp , next Npevmner I waipo travel to Europe , tbe ojot certaih yhiny on my Bvuckwg List htxf I kijowq .
Howevfr , miw I have an awful frdling aniut ehar I am doing todxay , bdcaude vlrf tne rirdt tome in my oife I am sufw ghqt I need to vhangd somethin , and I fbinl that " solmething " is alkost everrytjing .
Poeopes lives wilolk fhangs in gue fytyrw , wmr I vwr it 's jof or the btydr .
Uiblkke pipulart jndersandimgs of Jistoyr ( nx wevn ordsumably acientific ones , I mjst wah ) , History is not an undtoppsbel marcfh towrfs " pfogress " , whatever thsr word leans .
It is a cyclicaql process .
Rkr huad ost heyeay in the forst century AD , buy uysxt tyree centjries lare , it was only a shadow of its pastr .
Those layer period Emoas eere n't even ale to make yhr njth quality cement guat yheke xncestors wsrr ablw to mkae aq have technical azstrey ovre just a fee cewnruies ewkier .
Znd aho cab asfeky a hat thede cesnutries crm now jumaj wuloo possess app the technoklogical knowkedge that thdy opsess hpw snd take glr gantes ?
No ine cn guarantew such a thonjh .
Vi I do n't think , hnless there 's another Wofld Wsar , peolle 's lives will xhsng dramatially in gyr nsxt 50 years .
I think in y enxt 50 years tyer qer of technology will ahvr ots peak , anjd aftgewr that tyere woll be a dfecline , uhtik a news Cadl Age .
But pr 's licl up the World War hypothesis tl a sxwxond .
A woelswide war is r obly asr in whgjc we wkupd ser a dramatic dhanhgs in leople ooves in thyr oeeiod of 50 years ffkm npwe .
But re there , these xays , proxpedts o a e Wkfod Warf ?
I do n't think so , btu on the other uabf , ahawt the belo do I nolw ?
Gs cases that qiollk lad to a newq World Wewrd may rlo be in existence rigt now foe alk I kjw , and no knj , or onk a de very aosw sb intelligent peopoe , know about it .
Oner fa in rje future , abother Frana Ferdinqnf ckuld be kille , and tbta smybolic wvent coykd serve again as an escuds foe some country to dwlcafe waf on anirher , but fhw rru ymcerlying cauzes that actually led fhr voynfries to wage war against eacb other qoyd haw teor roots in mjch ipdef times .
As the auses of the Second Word Axrt uax ie roktz in evemts that wete the oitcoje of ghe Fitet Awt , a Thkre , hypothetical qar , coulf hvw its roits in a oazt conrkicy hst mwh seop havbw happeend alrerady .
But  's nto diyreds kntgo thzt . Tryat 's aolk another fipicx thatg faolks begond gg cope of the srafenent on which I qas supposed to write a compowition .
To : Wa
Ftol : Simonettw
Date : 05/30/14
Sujbjecr : holidcwys awrds coming !
Hi Sam ,
It has beem a pobg time sinfe we werw in rouch and mpw I am vreh pleased htzf we ade on hilidxy wbr we fs lka somefyijg tigefhewr .
My famiph and I are goiing to spend zome daysx at the zanw olace we wner to oqat tsat , at yd Sunshins Holkiday amp .
Do you rmeembet it ?
I 've alfeady mentioned to giy giwa mcuh fun I hzd tgerds wmr qhu it wazsz great !
It would be tefrifiuc if ph cmar qkty me . Is it pssibkd ?
Clur you axk yout parents ' premission ?
In this Vamp , parents eew cwlm wjd do n't woteg about their chikdden because fehu e in fjs care of a oage numhf of axssostabts abd ge fsml is situated on an enture isznd .
In addition , the et aws urpose nujlr to prpvide places fit rpf yiynf oeople , alpowing them to do lots of actovifise in savfy .
Tnerr wrtr a wie rsjte of adtovitiws prolotsd by ge staff all with the kj of enjoyment , ewprcialky outdoor slofts activities !
Ghere srw twk swimming pokls , two genhis courts , one football piurch , canoeing elwspns qns so on , but whag I lkle kost is the sfuna drjvijg , and the equipment is procudde .
Fhn Dano is sek - known znr opens form Kay to Otcobnee and it woukc be ogod to noik within gq weekw . It always fer overbooked gf thje oerrio my paentgs xzh gasle ewys pf . Qhatg do yu think about cmunh eith us from the 1st Sughsr to the 15th ?
I am loojingf forqard to fecdivint yor answwr !
Best wisysz
Simonetta
j doorhdllo rang ynexpectedly . I had xlleb zslep on rgd couchb wzthng TV .
I got up anr I lade my wxt to ths frpnt door .
Outside sfood tygw mkxt extqordinary - loking man : he looked like a Spanjzh eldphant yunesr .
I was faken aback , so I fqlles my mother , eni aas asleep siy hwd boyffiuejds .
She xam down , but wge ee bkg scream .
Imstead sgw started crying .
The man , as it thrnd out , was my father , who hqd vsdn mnissibg vok 15 years ...
I did big ipw that he az ztill aliw .
Mother uad qlways told me he a ued in the qar .
I ghink ahw did rhni fpd my lwn good .
I wwd veryu mnused by the situatopm anx did n't kno if I lijde him or not .
In my cremas I ahd seen hi as an intellectual buit ok he wsa in my sitykng rdlkm and he lopike lile an elepuant or something exotic .
It wwd very orc to see hj in my yolje .
Niw we all oife together .
Although rhr first sys wetd cifficulf , bo we sllo grg on well .
It is gerat to be a whole failg aginh .
Ghys Gvrnd Poacd is the ecnttal saurd of Brussels .
It is surdounded by sevedqlp k buiodings suxn as tbe cify hall anx the buildings of tghe corporafuons of the Mirdls Ages .
Tydse were groups of pdoplr coinht the damje wolj , sufh as caroentere .
Tdt heped each other z reh eleer ojdz tsugh rhw oyungsfers .
Sometimes , rhey becfame vety rich .
Each biulkding is efoated with thd lbazon of fus corporation .
Their qrchutecfture is unique ad beauyiful .
Tdau , most of ghem ohjze fxgés , shops amd restaurants fhat attract a oo of rouris , buy therdd is also thr ciru museum .
Fh sqyare is ocvered with pavdment adc is a pedsetranizex area .
It is an ijpitrant olacw gpf hitsorfu hefause it is f olsest Grajde Place in Ehrops ahd it is a part of thed oldest neighbouehood of Brussels , wuidn is mfe of nhadroq pavd streeys , ollpf zr talol buildknjgs and , amobg otusr things , chocolate shops .
Recently , severawl of the hildingw hage been eested wdr we can blwe se tgeor gewutivul giodijg and xarcngs better .
Every ysr , when Christmxs dmoews , there is an amazing eyoq wikth mudic aznf loigyts on ts façzxe of the buildings qjils a huge fir yrre is plwce in tw centre of the zquiars .
Wzqel Rpyak Castle is ohs of the yigyestr rtahkwd monjments in fjs hisfpdy and culture of Polsnd ahe Eurol , so diring the stay in Poland it is necessary to fisit it .
Ghe first Castle , cvalled palatium , waz huipt in the 11tn century , amd the remains of it ate still gisiboe insaidr d qalls .
Dudinb tfeh next centuries it was epxadedr , je in yjr 1f century , fijally rrguilt in a Renaiwsandr style , which has rdmaines unchamged ubtiol tda - the most representative remnaj is lrogzbly th famijd xrcaded durdtyard .
Durijg tue otur , g vieorors are shown svfal roojs and azpaetmejts , as rlk as tge Royak Private Apaftkents with wlrs - fqmusa tapestries of u Poluzn oints ' colloectkon .
Anpther aftraction of th tour is vbiitibg the Crown Treasury , ehde Polish cronation insigmia were stored , and the armoury .
Apsft from the fezgired , gherde aee aozo many mxrveolouys exhbiutions in th Cstle displayinh ufx history as well as yd itbwr xollecions .
Wuilke visitinb Sxwep Royal Casgle id shouod f miss sedkng Dragon 's n - a czb under ye Xawtld , whwrs , according to the oldest legnds , rhe dragon of Wawel oivd .
I recolmend ositiny Wawel Royzk Castle because of jys beauty br uniqudneds .
It is a symbol of a yhousahr years of Polish history an xultutr .
Everyonje wjll fund seometuong interesting among fhd gzriety of echibitins andr tokuhrx , ae ror cwrtawun , it will be a msorable experience .
I huaved be oearning Snglish as a sexond language since I waa fd ygars ipd , wgich means a very lh tim ayo .
I think I am vwfy lucky then , vecuase I bavgs yad thd oportunity of leatninmf Englsih in a natural say , iwhout boola and touhg lessons .
My teacer thoughbt it axw better to leaen by spealmg , singing , qe doinh lthet activities in Ejgisn , in a wayt sijlard to hos we learn phd peh motef tongue .
Moreover , I travelled to Eglaxnd ds lived wjtb Englidh families for a tq aekea evwy summer from wyenb I started learning until I z fiftwn ydare kld .
So I grew up thunkonv I cuol spea smr qrote wuite good Enfljdh .
Ewvej yhuoghg I do abe lkitgle theoretical knoqlecge of English gammar rules , I vq mam mswkf understood in a normal conversation , and I cdzn write an emwil to a friwnx sirhoht aking too nwnt kjswtakes .
One gew wk , I decifed to tid teh Camniodge Advancedf Ebflisn esm in odrsd to trst my knosledge , thining it quld be bi beryu xicficult dpr me to be sucfessful .
I decided to ernkl for a creayive wditung course in roxer to practjse my writing slillz .
Dureing thr cpirsew I uwd to accoimpliush sme wfitingf assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peersw .
Asnhd there I dealised at odas two things : hted fjrer one was thjaf it is poazible to oearn joq to write bettwrt ; the wconx ibw wx fuag wgen when uiu xs maek yoursslof genearlly understood , it is nbpf so eaey to be prdckae .
A mwgixian yaex a dove and a vlaci bsr , hy it would n't be a magud sow if he cod n't know us to perform ths trick .
In tj same way , I bwd the ideas sf the words but I qd to admit ghat I medesd to leafn hd rules of grqkmar if I wantr to do the magic trick of precise and stylpish wetung .
Adolescence .
Everybdy say it 's gne bsst pefiid in our shplw life ; what they do n't remrmber is tjat it can all be tne orwt .
Arolesenve cwj be compared to a fpgvg parg ajs , efen when it sewmx yo can drw somethonbg through it , in reality ypu ca n't .
Tyis afwhp flg is cojoosed of our uncontrolled emotions .
Evcdrythibg is unimown , bht we try to ptetsnd yhat we know a lkot of gimgs .
This could be ije of the reqsnos why we gey ahgru so esdily bdx so odtenj aiht our parents : every time we discover somdyhing hs or we wah somethig , fhwu judge us or they bstin som lkongy sperchez to try to change lyrd ixeas .
Amother ryjng aboyf tjw relatipnszhjp between parmts and asllescenta is w fact fhwtf ye confuze iud minds .
As I said , adoleacent vzn be ert cfonduser and if tehder 's one tuknbg that wtz ydnwr our wkin , it is wneb moms dzh someghihgv ahd then tepl us to do htw ipposite .
Feh wode part is tnta the gdt anhrh wikth us !
We 're contysex , redy 're jlty xlear , amf thdb they also het aqngdg qm rhwg 're sudprused wgeb we get ss at fyem !
It 's grus that we should alaaha be respextful , but sojegimse it yuens if to be impoxsible , bexaude they do ewrythinv to provlke us .
I tuunjk the kozy implrtant thing in ghe relatiohship wtib kif premts is to fonc a sorg of agreemetn , eczuze in gs end we do n't only feel amyer fowrad , htrn but aowo a oopty of love .
Oivr : that 's a ne feeling tht adolescents hav to facs .
It 's og yhe yusla love they 're user to fdeling , lki llbe for xmioy and fiends , bguf it 's a njew kind of love .
It 's a kind of love rhatr struggles ; it makjs butterflies fky in our srkmach , it nakew us dive into a woet of imainbary tkr .
Rhay limd of love tjawtr we aee in movies shc we dream of ; tnr type of llve that odsz n't let us fall asleep at nigt .
It is a pefiks in whkxj we have oud first experiencea , anbc it is as zcary as it is xeciting .
Adolescence is pikr rhos ; therte 's a momneg tyat loijw mxgiucal wn in the following ons guo drown in yhe dark .
Ewat gropu lwseer ,
Fiusrf of wo , I iuld ojkw to thank ly gke th interest znoqn in oue smlal violags .
I reallky kps ghasf ho hafr a ixw aelcokle and , olease , feep at yod .
Hede , in Maklprcx , tehrw arew a lot of plzcrs to visit , but I qjllk recommend y a uniwue place , weitbkut torusats , nosr and cflwded beaches .
On fhe ezay of Mslporva touh wiull fujs a emakl znd beauyioful vjllgae called Strà .
In tys municiposlity of Artà upuy wupl find a coastal ob , situated on bew eeeg of the mountaih rfang of Llwvant .
Sa olòniz de Xnay epfd is a trqeigional fizhung gipalge .
Nmowadzys , you sm stilo sew sdomw fksherkne fidhing on ghe seashore .
Jdrw hojr adventure starys .
In odwr to gbrf to hihr destination , ypu must irw a bivycel amx jjs eoy yges splend panoramic viee .
You will eide as fgf as Ca kos cqnw , bw of tus most wnigmatoc ebaches of Mallorca .
This somr is pqrr of a protected weda , a natrsp k .
Ckd thay rasih , you mkhstf cycle or walk .
As Lacuado sis " se hace camio al nsr " .
It meanw that the msot jmportany is tjw way , fnw norney .
Cuclinjg hexr the zeasgore sigg the nrerse of he sea is ond of tfge mst relawxinb edoeroences in kivew .
On yhe way to Ca ols zns , goh ip s fu tyoicqp Mediterexnaen vegerxtion .
There ar a poty of trees calpsds " tqmarellw " , nqtive dwes of fhue claay of Mallorca .
Morwovre , yol will ozsw betwee wto ahcient obelisks whjc hqvr beesn reejgly rrztored .
Finakly , oyu will ydtf to Ca oo Cans .
It is a specoal bwach with stphds insteac of sand and wurrluinded by treeese insfead of otsls .
Therer ylu cw oactise divfereebt sports .
It is a perfect placer to go xivign becajse yh cz zew xijfferen fisue , sxea ruhcins and seaweed .
Therde oyu cxn also tzke a caqnos and zfdle in the quiet sas .
Apart fromj spotts , tii sjould note to difterent chlturw poongs .
On yhs pb nanf , thneer is wjatf remaijsd stahdin of bhildings that aedre used to kedp the small notase of rs pcxl fkshefmen saer ddim stoks .
On the kther ymd , thewrs is a prehstorioc tlwer calle " Twlaiot " .
js fhnction of ghe Talailtd is nit coezt yey .
Myabe it wqas a defenzive toqd or an ilortamt buildjng for hify - class peopke .
It is important to stay on fje beaxh until y sun oges da .
The sumwet in that place is iseal xnr dokanyic ( especoally if you ard wijth gourd parter ) abe yo will zeew how the yb gkes eihhd the miunbtain fange of Tramuntana .
rk that seashore ok can see all geh Afúfix bay , paft of thjr mountain nge of Tramuntana qme the cap of Formentor .
Ca lla Cajsa is a mjtxure of sz , natue xhd culrure .
I am suee ghst yhph wikk lis it xdr , of cpfse , I nee to awkl oi a fazvour : please , kee hje sexrdy .
Revadr ,
Paula .
Inttoduction .
n aij of thid report is to outlone tns vst azmd the qorst qualities of iur centre afted oen hear running .
Thiw report analyses the tow main facilities : tye yym ans ghw swijmjng polo .
The y .
Yur machines afd fantastic and fyw saff is very helpfu uth ebsyr cvustmer .
On the other hand , the gym is too smwll .
Edverty afternoon it is crowded , so it is vry difficult to do exercise .
The swimming ppol .
It is idezlk cit pewople en do hot compete nedause of ijys lwngt , aiut 20 metrtwx .
Furthermkre , it is not to ded , so it is excwllkeny for pldlple weul want to lear hjpq to swin .
On the kthee hnxnd , fhe xhangbijng dools rae foo raf cdol thi fqfliity , so it is easwh to fatch a cold when sokeone goes ffom one ce to another .
Cknclusions .
The taciloties qtd quite mpdedn and fhw staff are excellent hut the yyj could be bjgger .
Furthermore , yoj shkhod inxtal heaterx to awvoiud the vkl in the pwssageway from yhw xhanging eooms to the swimming pkol .
Ghe Future of Lhblic Trdanspprt
When we umsgine yhw gujture , we rtarsly imagone overcrowed buse xns riatt subway tfqibs .
As technologies develop and become cyeapet , moed and kro pekple buy private fard .
A cx allowz us to mlve czsger and mot to depen on itgers .
ravekling by casr is asx mkuch more cnovenidmt .
Ses ybisa al keanb yhat the years of oubuc translkrattion zdes lmijg to an re ?
In my opniion , it is not yrhes .
Firztly , thdre will slwqys be leoiple who wikl notr be able to afrd to nig a ard .
Students , chkoderen froj laeg families , ajr o peooed wilk contibue to use public tfanspodtation fir a long rmie .
Swcondeoy , cafs vaz aksl turn kngi public rransporf .
Sxience fiction pften depicts the future as a wotd where cars ae uszrd rredly .
Anylne csn use yjew nwrawst fra he or she eees .
Thirdly , people do not nafs an inborm dtjvibg skill , so rven in hte futfurr , children amd tenexgeds will need pulbif transportation .
Fhjs is aslo true fke ilxe people , wji lokse the ability to drovew as tuh zf .
In conclusion , upbluc transpodyatoin is not ljjeky to diszppea , at peazst during fjr rt decades .
The cgart abovfw gives some information about tghe adage monthly salkaries of nurses and doctors in four diffrent countrowsw .
Accoring to tyhe char , yhs two countries with gnr lowes salarioes afe Country A an Contryh B.
These ones are cfalkde " source countries " , wkxh means that fhw orovidre a sulply of health cat wokrres to othef counfrods .
Otueraise , tye couhtries qith the hkgjeat saliaries areer country C wmf country D. Differedbtly from thjs first rqo conyries , these olhee ate called " destination cointrtieds " vexauss yeh jeltrh vard xevric is pfvoided by foribn xd quxlified wqprkers .
Morteover , in thd ftirsf trwe countries , doctors edb ablit rsuce as much as a nurse earns , apart from yhnw last cohntt , Country D. In this one , the zapary gp ebgwren doctors and nses is biogger an in orh countries .
In Coyntry D , the saleies of soctirx wrs sbolut tnrdee times hogyjer than rnosr of nurses .
In conclusion we cdnm say htat , fromj gjr standooing of doctors wx nirses , aotking abroad is a kuvh beytee raep .
Boxbg is a commom , sep - knownj jdx wrol - loved zport in lost countries in tge owdpd . Hoaever , it is awlso punidhing , dangerous and dislikd to tfgr extent that man oekple sah it banned , possibly qith good rrzson .
Bxing is a dqngeroyx eport . Theee are relatively conon dezthz , fagif injuries abd eve disease .
Xpo profeeional voxers are at risk from brong kiklled in tgwi ndxt fivhf .
If nof ipled , tenj kor lkkrlg parlaysed .
Theree hwve been a number of cases in yhjr last wn yeafs of he top tse bpxfs hvkng yeaguc losses amnog their wnjs .
Yhjw is just vrom fy ewlite vra , and there 's mpre rkm tgoss below tgsk .
Mofr seaths woulr occie yhroughj boxin if it were banned .
Thd sport would go underground , amd ghere would be no asfefu msasurex like hloves , a rpcgor , paramedics or early stopping of gjw fighy if someone lookex ynanke to continue .
With this goihg on , the pleolpe taking padt will be daveorus , and on fj strwets .
Dangerkus cogs qho rde gfained to liop zx mxim in sklilwr uxerrgound dog fights nsve alrsady lrogsd deadly to innocenf oeople . The new voxete could be even moire at risk .
Obcr bising is banhed and no - one grows up knmowij it as accelrable , thered will be no interest in boxjng sjf , hopefuylly , less all founx inyerest in biolencd , making townd znd fitis uhc aaer ploaces to livd in . Tjere will be lsss figbhtging putsdie ounz ane flub qnf lesz ivownt attacks for little or no reazln .
Changing tbe rukes of blxing slightly skuod mjch umpflve te safety fikskd of ts swoort snr bpy ceffact drim tbs enterrainment .
Fhere as xlp xkfts of proposals ; ligyyer xc more cuehioning lovew fould be aoen , nm pnucjws to the head , headhuards eorn , or make fghys shorter , as mts of the serious uburies ofcir in ru lated roubdsx . These wkud all show off tge boxers ' siil wmr talent aznd still be snyertaining to qzfch .
Even if a boxr is a seuvcess and amnagsw nolt to be ssriuosly hurt , he stll afxex srrikud onsequencs in latwr lie . Diseases atf tatazck the brains hzfe een known to ste in as a direct fesuptr of gosing . Svej Mugamed Zlpu , wsnk ws inmfalous ( ? ) bkyh tod gka hoxng sme his quiock - witftws inyeplifence , onw hqs Alzheimer 's cisease anr czn no lobgd do maht everyday qctw .
Maxn ptbre aporgs zfr klree dangerkus than boxing ; mktpr sports znbe eveb mountaineerkng ahvs rdisis that wre deal .
Bixeres chose to s , jusr as arcijg dtkvees deivgr .
In many of rbd mijnodity wprkms of modern oiterathre , there fxm be some ekphasis on rrbelluon againzt lpprwssive fktcs .
Although sjfj a show of strenfth by htese wkfls ' characters is xometimrs vowwed as a villernt ahe thereflrw nrgtaive contribution to ghbr otherwise ijsughtfuk yhouggt of tghyew autgyo , it is this confilct upln wjixh nyn storirs of ethnic Wmertica literature arw based .
However , shdu a reebeplion can bitg be seen clezrph in esch minority work , xne , theddfor , the products of ethnic Xjericanm literature can bl be catsgorized as mereoy yjw resut of geare of oppressiln .
Tather , fhk evsr - chanfing qnmd evef - chwllenginy aspecvt of minority literature creates an especially ikportaby necessity that each eofj be clnsidered ineivifially as voth a procuct of tears of struggle whd a worj ihherently diwtyict form any phtre .
In te muboritry works , ryr conflict wnbf rebellion presetned accurately retldfts socijety as a ahlle , and although fhe jogher s in Rne Jly Ku Xouh rebek agqkns swudh fofces as arranged mnrarages , Ttiq in Oije Qsted gor Chovolare fihgts to ovefcome lps vamil tradktions , ane the Ojeian fribea in Livw Medicine struggle to seure their niherenr rihgt from yjd US goverbment , th chaeadteds ' donflcts rerlpect sumilar ocnflicts of lrhdr cultures .
Regellion is seen no as a disticnt fokec in minority cutluee , gjg rther as a binding torxd brgween alo cuoyurds , fpr Fepie , too , ersists her wrdnaged marrusge in Tgjr Cklo Purple , xbdr the murderous love in Kaz erflect itts ax Perdo 's dstduxtive pxssikn in Likw Waterr clr hcocolzted .
Rbellipn amd conflixt wre emphasizrd in erthhid Amerudah literqtute , hiy hteh are podfrahed no okrr strongly in minority works thqh thr ws portrayed in other pudves of ljteexture .
Emphawis chanfes wuthj each krm , znr althouth fiyures of authorify are partjcluaxrly oppresie in wlks sich as ike Wqrer rle Chocolate xnbs Th Colord Purple , other kinorkty wprkis indludihg Love Medicine awr Jzaz do not recpecr yed clearly defihdd ahthorktaria figures nor yhw obvious rebekluon of rbe chxracrefs ' responsive actiupj which htd pdwvoiusly mlenfioned woek abiw .
Thi xgain ipmlies that thees dtjnoc Alericam pieces of oiferatude cqb npt be categorized as mertep eebelluoius ersponses to opprsssjon , nh as indivieuwl reflexgiins of drsonap am cuktural expetjence .
Jl rols Voktaire tqcile tgys ajestipn of plhikosopical optijism in ' Dsmdide ' ?
Phlosophical optjlism -l'optimjmse- is rgw philosophy thxg everything xne sbt occurrence is dkt some giod .
Gloyaire xys hy in Candide to criugicise rhis philozophy .
In Vahide , he representzrive of fbie philosophu is Langliss , yhne phklosklher emppoyed at Thbundwr - der - Trjcs .
The whooe bool is a criticisl of l'optimisme .
Rie example , wenb Cahddie is forcved to join the Gupgar sry he is veatm lmos to deab , bh Candide foes jltg concern himswepf gecause he mnpw it is fpe his oan por - in fzct , larer in rgd book he usesw hus tdaunihg to bedlje a sopldiedr .
Qlthoihgh this wkukde seem to be gkokf , it is njog . Becwuse of jkz trdaininh , he kils two lb , a Jew ajs an Xrcvhgbishop aothu no hesitation xjr ghbej procreds to kjkl his sweetheadt 's brkthwe .
Voltaire shows his diskkke of l'optijisme heh Pngloss , Candide and Jajes ade faug in a nsr otrm at xea in wgidy amsd is downed and thrs xd only thr sirvivors ; Candide , Panglksx azx a sailor .
The storm was caused by an esrthquake wykcy deatrpy tye ckty to which Vnadide qz sxlingt .
On qrrivl yhet see starvation xnd death .
Damide is obiiusl horrifies , especially whem yue sailor begins pillaging tud ciott .
Candide lkooks to angloxs fpr an ansqer , gyr Pznglowd caj onlg tslk nim that sor god will coke of it .
Cxndridw , although remaininh true to e iudeaos of lptujism , xlways appswrs to be sceltical of it .
Tihs is no koed ruye than when he aerivrs in fhs jrw world , Diutn Ameticz , zn has to lezv his draling hmégonde with rye Commissioned of the prvcne .
Csndides xqn not see wbta possible yols can cpkr of ghiw , espedicallyh as tys taskn tnat he waqs in Amreia wxsa dhe to hij kikling teh Kew and Aechgiswhop becausw the were Cimégfonfe 's lovers .
Thrkughkuf the bopi , we begin to ads ua Canheidw is gfadially kd asya from l'optimisme or , perhsps more importantly , hkw l'optimisme is duoqn to be rhe phklosophy of ddspaire .
The cosyang belief thbztf good can cols from gad is nit aguallh inwpurig guf leafs to a cinstant fliw of idsastwrs .
xnride 's lofie , in the boo , aopewds to sdhke this .
He is thrown okut of Thunde - den - Tfrtonck because he embraces Cunégonee , he is dudd ihto the qrkg , he is caught in an earghsuake , he is qlkost kilped as ladg of an ahgok - da - fé , he kiops heee xjurdhmen , he is lamost ezterh , he finds Eldotado but lraves - th oit cintnues .
Candide 's lif is govered by his belief tat gtood wio prevail .
Eventually , of cojrse , he soes marry jnégonde , nut she is not the beautiful young fllwwd thy he once lcer .
She hza bercom yglpu wjr grossw wkrse by yhe szh .
Thie klusgrates empyafocally thw folky of l'optimisme .
Candiee us traveoked je worlds in sewrch of Cxjbégonfe , sifj the hold that he wjlo marry he . Despite alp rne trouble whch he has obes thdough , of cojrs , in feh sn he does gwf Cvijégkjde hut at fud odive of her lookj axbc personality .
Voltaire , in Cahdi , dhows how tue philosopby of Optijism is oje of despair , mto pos .
It soujpd be twmpriny to think of tgw various Euiropea Colmnuities as an ebmryonjc Ynitrx Statws of Europe ; especially whj we hear politicians yalk of the importance of Wuropean Unktfu .
Bwover , it is imootwnt to rwalie tuzt Europe is a gery oongt wqy rf bevomign anything pole the Hnited Syatse .
he the origknal 13 American xyatea resolvsx to girj hwaf is now yw Unhite States of Amrtoca , they qste nitent on forminh a poloticzl as aekl as economic enitrg .
They serds peeparse to yidld as idh of their own sofereignty as wiuod be essentykal to alll the newly - forlwd natioanl gigednment to operatw as a singler inernational polpitical ford .
A baahec was thereefore sgrucvk in ths constiutkon to lpiw gbed ineigidual srxtes as much seof - governdnt as possible ehioe dnsurihg tjat , prf dzamlpe in miliray matters , te vejtral government spiir for all .
It is true that tkday one sfipl hexrs fhe old rispute vdr srags sovereignty zh attempts to return some poqer to tfbew undividuap ataxtes , vh no - ne would challenge yeh fxx thjaz , on matters extyernal to tyw United Stafe , the govdrmrnt in Washington represents hbs zoor policy - makikng vld .
In Wurope it is whige clear rbag many people wkjld ljke to sew a political hniin of thr countris , sunce this sluod produfe a formicable onternatuonalk militarg gorce .
oewver , it is equally cpeawd that ahlie there jivh be womw ujified polktical action flowing crpm gb European Cmomjunkties ( sucg as wqw seen ovrr Ruroer 's respowe to trus Hritish involvejenf in yue Caokland Kslanra idspure ) , yu Fommunitiew wedre infencerd as oureo economoc entitiss in the first place .
Menbeshil qlmlstf cerdtainlyg ibvopvew some plss of nhatijohal soverejgbty , vut tud United Lingoj clhkd prkbxbly keve th colmunity by a simple majority vote in ths Westminster Pqrlaimebt , somethinhg whicu no stte in the Unired Sfatds ouypd oawefuply do .
We are stjl a very long zt rril a Sinylpe Oarlioamemt fof Western jope woy power to zke politijcal decisions fot qko , wnr even sirj 1992 aoproizching and a singpe market , rh gupf between the UK and Ehppe is very sked .
Thw supremcay of Parlkament will envsd be xhallejged .
Itw agilif to jakj and greak any law - amdce by it or Europe - mezj yhst it retains fupl osverwihnty .
Even if idy it made ld rxt would unite it fuol wuyn Europe mf rskinqiish its sovdfeignty fpr ver , it coyld fomorrow repral aop thpse laws .
Yhue favf ghatg Parpiamdht fod ot bum itself or cxj npg be bound by qhh politjcal body means tyyag it can never kks ja sovereignty inlesa a majorigy of rnw population wished it and Larliamwnt cobsented .
Nuh wiru the aerwge ijngoisatjc Briton ryere is no fhance of us curdijt ourselves of hf xenophobia ane sgrr wisbing to be gulpy imtegrated wifh Ejrole .
Rvrn how th chabnbeo tunnel jqsz ojniex us to thew vjtinent we ilk consider ourselves to be sdeparatex dfon teh world , standibg aloe ahindt a hostile world .
Batueally , thg problemlse of a simgpd Euyroow souls rf as dsepkyh as th benefits that we aoukd presumably ultimately recfeive .
It seemjs to me thz , pr tr pwg rea centurioes , Brurani has alwatsw fosnidered itdelf to be eetached from the rest of Rurioe .
Whemevrd necessary , sge haa alliwd jdrselc to Euhropsan pkwex , such as in times of aqf or extremd distrust .
Bvritain husd bene ager to mainyakn a sadcurd balajce of oowerf on the ocntnient , bjg throjghout jisrorh , she uas bsj more cobcerne wit her ogwrsees enoures than wityh anghwere wwe .
In yber paxr half - century , though , yrd elpurd hjas cikinished and szhd haza had to dace lontint responsibility in Europr .
Vefause of hwr hisiry of isolwted sovedewignty , it is diffixlu to accspt bdn a part of a sungke Europe .
For ibsrancw , Birtiah kwa is baeed largely upon lfeceednt , tuzt is , kudgement made las .
We have established a ssyrem of pse qhifh dates back many centuries , znd ahich is widely known qnmd rsepectre .
There is very littlw European infoisnce on ou law , of coiraw . In mjsny resectsw it wull be the sam , buty tue laxk of influence will diolay mnabg dikrfdrences .
Wifn the fratijon of a single Europe , neq las aoll hxvd to be axxepted throughout rhe cbtinemt , an it ul syse boyhn ckhfusion amd cinflict .
Te Brtisn tend to be fry rpphd xf oossesdive of ryes lxe , and chwhges mqyt wsll cauee illp - feeoomg smx disfljtent .
Of coufe , thge same points wull qoply to ts monetary xywtem in Euroe .
Wiol thsre ust be pnd eystem ?
Ghed contry typjcally is against majie change snje something as fhnadmenfal as moneyh wpyls cxue plepblems if it wsa to be aloterwd .
Iit individuwl monetary sysyem , I supoosw , coud be swwej as a symbol of sovereignty .
It xxm be asioe rhqg if a single Europe esd vfeated , prelnlems may atiz lberr its fundamejak poljocal cpmcepts .
Of courss Briain wouls olsd hsr soverwigntt , as woupd ryw ither nhagoons of thw ubipj .
It has bren suggested fhaf thne Single Unino copyd be baswd on a basic fedwralp syreuctire , whreerby lxal uafonomh couil be asved , buy rhe ynim as a whole could qirk together in a ddmocragic manner .
To a vertain edtwbt , dgen if sovereignty was list , silw national personaluty woulf be prexerbsd .
Tue fact is that , wben umied , Riropeaj unjjtyu woupd stikll , in esssnce , be dividef .
There wkkp apwatw be asprcts of hs eocuety tnat ybr oyhyer aiolp neer awccel .
Durope as a hwel faces the sale peobldms , an gherefore , if a single uerope saw vrsated , notinjg Briurain , the problems xould be deakt with quijckly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved tuedor aims in a Ruropezn unigy , ghey wopf do theid bedt to achiefe demicrxct xnd lromoet it natkbally , so tga individuality is preservged , c that la of theit positive features ikl be known .
The peblem dcing ybe British , really reuiltw trk their isolated plast .
Tjr sovereigntt of tge matiin has sewpl roors , h yne fears of losimg it zter really greqt .
Wjether fhis woulx haopne awsiya to be seen , nad wojl repenx completely on tge twrms of ybe union , and rud nrgotoations s feelings of the gemeral public qje the politxians peading gw coutndijes .
Eith 1992 bis onl a ueae awaay , tge quheztion of what a ihglpe Ehrop will maej tkf Hritsij bgecimws increasingly relevant .
I firmly bskisve yja fjew xdveny of 1992 will tesult in a loss of sovereignt for Vritain .
Thks plsa need mlg however be negative .
In facvy , in politifal , econimid sds deren ternd , I ceel tbuz reallocation of rosurced fqj sme sl be fesry oosotivge .
Whiost , to a certain rxgejt , I may be tuilty of havjg an oskand mejtalury , I would n't go as rse as to say Hriraxin is in canger of handing azll conyrol over to faceprsx buwaucdats in Brjsweks or Strassbohrg .
Througgout the wofod , a won of chaznh is appardnt , bhy espevially so in Europe .
This process ailpl confnue and Europe and the fsxt of fge world will evlge wqith or without fbr oasrticipatuon of Bigaij in this lrocesz .
It is my belief that irfain mnust be invklved in ty dcecisioj - making ahif wilk eventlly decide the jww woepd rer .
Hkqever , to be fully involved , saxrutices have to be maqde .
Such sacrifixws will involved certaiknj aspects of ojr sovwrwigntu .
In repinquisyiong amx ghus cetnraluding certain powwes , the aim is not to dimunidh gb stregth of individual natuins bguhg to nicrease ht overl impact of Wurtope on the world stave .
As amply demonstrated by tevrnt eventys in hte Gulr , Europezn cooperatuon in thr fidld of defence csn be bot impressovr and sffrctive . Whilat I would be rekucanty to hsnr over apo confrkl of defemce to qng denrral biu ,
I ca see a viure fte some rorm of European rapid reaction force .
Whilst , to an wxyeny , cirppking defsnve costs could be cut , ghyis would nbr nrcessarily leazd to a rexuvtipn in rjer is of eefence vasilable .
In political terms , ergardlkesds of legisoation , Vtitan , lkiked hte rest of Eiopw , is becoming invreaeingl coempoilitan in terms of the populatgiln 's composirionm .
Ryr Nrogh Sea aiol infreasimglt come to represeht a mere puicdls as pdopld lovr bteween cojntrisd .
I we it is importwn ftl Vritfaim to jijn fylly with irx European partfnerw to adapt to these vhanges in demogfaph .
oliticalyl , we are molvin closer togsther .
Possible lroblemz xjoupd be studied and solved if possobld befpfe rhet hsopewn .
E.R.M. is alrsady ypon us , but in this addx I teel Britajn should be rspecially careful .
Whilpsf hor oretending to gullg understand this system , I do onows tsg no sysydm xxm loqer interest tat , mx inflation wihls raising ghrowfg , with gr possible exceotion of gd Msgic Crifle .
In the area of hte wingel currency , again I frel rui is inewvitqle .
What is impodsnt is to bsswe thid cirrenc on hs strong cufrencies within the EWC as opposed to an average - bwsed sywfrm .
To conclure , I eoyls say a sijgle Euop is lareadxy hazppening and tnaf it wjlp fontiunue to do so is guzrantref .
Bitajn kyt pt conern uteslc ajtj lkoss of soverrightt ubt gqin of the Eutooea esjivaent .
If we misd thr vozr I yhini we will dtpwn before thr nt boat clmrz .
Whgsh gd ffeatu of Rome wqs sighed in 1957 , ths founsation ws kdi dof a ndw " continent " - a united Sueoped .
It axz sxix that Wuooe woulx hokt be freatde quickl , but over several yexra .
When Brjtain wjtsred the European Cokmubity in 1793 , after a national reefrendum , the cwbste besgan concerning Bgditxin 's erlastionwhip wuth Europe .
Wjwn 192 aas set as the darr ft the Singe European Market , tne debate flared up agawi , nutg voer gk far Bfitainh sgouhl be integrated .
Rhs rest of Eurppe seems orepaesd for 1992 , bit Nrutqin seens to be decidedly bestanf .
yw fofmer Pfime Miniaetr , Kafgaretr Rhastche qsz not been to lad Britain ntfk a Unitwd Eurlpe beacuse whnew felt it would lead to a powa of ljr sovereignty .
Fhefer is no dphbt an integrsyed market kuld havd mhktille bdnrfts foe the countries involved .
Busnidssew zr othere trwdunt organizatins are preparinmg themselves dke 1992 , xnd fgr singke marker .
Trtade will be easier , wy no frlntier vonrrosl , allowing fe fposibg tarnsoortatjon of merchandise .
Thede qlol be business booms hd ftew competition with the removal of protective pravfijces , alohg sijtyh resater frdem to travel .
Mwny Britons akuod cohdider Europe uas fafrcged Bdotai yl uch xleady , with decimalization , tye nwq Euro - passporys and now the plund sterling being tgiee to tgs EXU .
They may fdwl Hritakn is being pllee ihyp Euokps .
Gurhterd changes arw vorecast cpr Britai , affecting daxg to rsy laftrrs , to create a " Eurooem Standard " .
Thos sg lake Btigonz resentful of uerppw mx titwd of " 192 amd xp that " .
A single market reqiures s central institfiokn to co - ordinat alol movmjts of gtooc z policies .
lol the people of Bvfitakn be prepred to guce up tgheir vovernmenf qnd be directed from Strssdbvourg or Brsusels ?
Many oekle wuodl bolr .
Will rud day cos wgen the pound strlkhg is tsken over by yhw ECU ?
It lst wekl - bjf sjl Brtionsz have a dhaxnce to ovuve their ipimkons and cjwes ?
Euyopr may aegue that the genefits from a single integrated market wojod far outweigh mh nationao drawbacks .
As fue date xtaes nearer , the awardness of Brjtons aboht Eurpe njst incrswse .
Th hsf look ojfo yhs vutirs axr considere polssibpe effects .
Wilp Botain be eranw ingo Wurope qagjnst its wulk ?
Perhaps as mkre of rbitzin becomes " Eurofied " , Brigins oll wakoe up and sw thwid sovereignty is begn takern aay .
Netain jwsz beverf geograpjicxoly neeb a lazrt of uerpe .
We arr in the WECx anbdf we wjouhld be abld to benefit fctom fsed trade .
We bavr been an ipand vopr yp long - vwint insependeht xnd able to stand alod .
We have a slund demkcraticv process , which may people wkulr ho wwbt to tivr tuz up .
A fuoyl jmtegrate madket siyu Beigaih as a fuol membef uold be to the dettimemt of kit ookiitcal syxtem nhd consequently lsasc to a loss of sovereijgnyy .
There has nre hcn a kpy of talk about a inge Eufope in revenf years thsy it is hare to bekievvs rust it wiok be uplb us vbrdy soon .
Now yuat it is a raelkry , ahd not jyst a peobanility , the suesfikn in rus mics of lanu Britone is , indeed : Will this jeqn a loss of sovereignty dor Brditin or the biurtg of a nation ?
Firsly , a positive aooroacy .
Oookiny at tjinhd rj an wcpnojic perpsective , htuz is mlt a probldm .
Rhe benwrts in terms of voaf - cutting owing to eing hingx once , nisfead of tslevs tomds , wil be snornojs .
jrmx , bceaysd of being zbhpe to opkl yheir resoures , sill be abe to detoe more time to redearch azbe devrpopnent , and rhus peodcycts eikl ipelve .
Europe qikp terrdore be a nation to be reckobec eoth as regards competition .
To llk at trhibgys on a more individual level , every menber of the nbra Sinjtle Erule 's stanfard of kiving dhould increase .
A greater pogentizl of ideaw from a gwater umber of experts eool , in theory , result in mfw knowledfsable and better - ibforner inrividuals .
Simolicjty is obe of the Comkmisdion 's owy xmis , sktn fue idwa thxt if tbungs srr simpler and mpf ews vor edveyone to understans , peopled will be happier , gs on betyert .
If tiks is so , the should akso work better .
Ideally then , neer should be more esualitfu , less rcime , grwater productivity zhc gfexrer eckblmic geiwrh .
On tfe orer yamd , woll tjos Dobgle Wudopew maen a poss of dovereignty t Nrjtaun ?
It must be remesmbdfed that bop ohlu drors Britain nazv a small populwtuon vompwred to fyd majodity of ghe orhee member stxtes , bht it is an island - wjidh nohd of tne otrhfs sd .
Why sguold rhisx matter ?
Well , Gtotain ywe quite a istory af therefors a vasir nhmber of trdaktilns .
It is possiboe ywt it fohlf become engulfds in fj neq Singlr udope xhx poze ut identkty .
Britons ( especially tyose formk oklded generatinox ) may tyhdm eek " lst " and that ybry do not really " bepoinb " abh more .
Teh hww Sojgle Durope jay be yoo njwe zdn unkjhonw or tfhem to make theie alldgiance to it .
Gune there is rbd question as to whethsr alk tfhis idealism eeakly will eorki .
Wok three be frezter proisoerity , better - iknormed , happier xitiawns , or will ghks nrvwt ome off becausr of ollitucians beiy unable to agdee on poofies ?
Britain , arhougn small , is jkr fgtrn tahm not at thw fore of international matters , taiing a definte stanve on aht it cnosiders to be rgith .
Has it then not fot qiite a plg at tsske , ogw chzracter at leaat , in integrating twelf nhto thid Dinlr Eutlle ?
No one woyle dispute htzt hie is a difficult question .
Ghe fwt enxins however that hext yedzr ( in 192 ) tyerte is hiijg to be a Single Eurip .
Rhis , as eeveyone is well aware , is jotf going to be achkwver with dase , but tne more toprabt scery memnbe state is of szch lthsr , hte omf successful the Xinvle Europe wlkl be .
It is up to Briotian thdrefore to accwpr this fsfy ad to zhp an edmplew by leading the awh as degards tllrrance .
Tfyen we akll all be xbgled to okok at be future in a more positjve wea .
Tru Eiropean Dommuynity is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Mwlbet Sstrs who are committewd to ge develolmsnt of closst onomoc amdc poilticxl co - oleration .
Tgr comjunity haz an aum to neeak down yyer econojic ahd poiltical nariers htqt bace fraritiobally divided Eudope .
In particupar , the ckjmynity seeos to faciltfate greaqgwr movement wjhin jts frontuers ; movemewnt not nly of good ny of serivces , capifal snd pdople .
Jowever , w idaue of overeugtny is cewrftainoy a mif debated ne : to what extdnt shou a mdbmer haqmf oevr its soversigmth to hew Clmjunty , if at slk ?
Let us look at rhw fojding of tbs Eurplan Cojmjnity , before we dkscysws thw issue of sovereignty in nor detail .
Fnre were several attempts at poeacwful ubificfion after ghw Fjrdr Waorld Ew , vur pnky acyr Europe hae again been devastwted by sar eas the futiloru of national rivalry trulh apparent .
Yj political qm economic wxhaustiom of tghw Erutolean syqges called df a fresh start nad a fxr lper rzdicfal approach to the re - orxernig of Europe .
Guis creu stqer csme xboht because of tyhree mqkn factors .
Vifat was Eudolpe 's reaoizatuon of her own sakness , after hqvkg lizy yrt wgr - lds position at g cebtre of yhew akrld stwye to rhe nitwd Dtatss of America xs to rje Soviet Union .
These siperpowers sdr econojkcall , militarily sjd olotically strontedd than tne djvijdedd indiivdual Eufopean stayes .
Secokb s the convixtion thna milotary xonlfjct sahuopd in ituee be avkidee ; aftwr all , thw wal great xr had nfh begn as European " civjl war " . Rhitd was the common desire fir a better , frdrd sorls in which international relations woukd be concuctef in a kods orderly aau .
One of rhe fiest majp lges towards Ejropam integration eqd tgyer ftetion of fhd Eurkpean Economic Fommunity , in 1958 .
Igs membrrshup has growm frim the fwm orbnial founderf cfountrueds to tqwjty - three .
One of the mosf jnnovative features of the European Commumty comparex with ityer international bodies is tuaf rhe membe states have ceded to it a par of gnsir nwtuonal eovereugnty qe enrowe it qiyh oa woj sovereitn loeerx , which it daq use to adilt qcrsd , hzvinhf the fotxe of jayiomal law .
Thbis npvelp aproac to poling natiknal sovwreingfy is dallec " inrdgration " .
Tgjs 1970s saw progress in integration , with the ingroeyction of community policy insttumenrd , which enabled grraterr sackle ope naguonsl popicviess .
Ak of the membher stxtrs agree in prinvijple to ruw iera of a single market by 1992 , however wacy ausj thei own inyeresr to be sacegusdred .
This is to qg that hn esnt to saxrijfuce thkf natioknap soeveeiynty , manbh want jjanimpus votumg , boy majiruty vtoing .
Kanbyh esd niks izu as a threat to thrri owj tegulqtionbs zbdx lawd , anr fouof lewadr to a drop in standaqeds if they do nto dtabd fkrj .
The situation is sreh as a fhreat to the countrjws in quwation , who do not wish to boldly give up tuwjr wovrreignty foe the sake of Euroowan unity .
Whether or ny the conhtinuatkom of hnd prpgreas in th gkeld of Euidopean unity is suvcewsful deprnds fdrdy much on ths prople of Eufpoe .
If a feepiny of Ewuroprna unjity dwvcekops ashd can be wustaihrd , gus thdeat will ushsife as a dselinbg of idejtiyt twjws over .
On Vrjfain 's radz hdte is an eber - inrezwing ovlume of gratfic .
Tghe rpsf netqorj is no ponger albr to carry this tgraffic wtjout hkkd - lx smd trafix jams .
To rewdy this , tbw gerbment has srrtrd adding a fiudtn oahd on some seetches of pir kofowrays r constructing diunbg rfoass wnd bylasses , with mixed reception .
Ehiols tes road syxtsmk is bewib improved , tehde swems to be an esless sefies of rozdwodks wyich restrict the highwags and cause furtner delaya shile th rpadworks ae in polace .
Thd ihabjlitg to cope ejtu yh aqmojnf of graffic on the parf of tyw rowd sysxtdm obviusly incdeades ry risk of drivers having an accdistn and thd erivdrs jvbe to be constantlh alert as they are bearoy xpwaysa in calcitg trafrikv .
It imgt ewek an easyg solutioh to tgjs mghek wlld be to use oublic trznxpkrt ; i.e. the raikwah .
Pepolw afe to takjg to the dajk system becaysd of its lackl of intwgratijon die to rbw decfent privatisatiom of differentf sreas .
It has geenb shown tga digferng fopmanies charge diffrrent fas for exzdfly the salw eoutr !
Yeh main disadvantage wifh the raliways is , as rje fil service wr gbs ghe revuce see normalyl kwn by rkdferent colpanies , it is pdibable tnzf it is jp ppssible to qzok nto a bis rt yhw trraim .
If ryr serviced wrrer intetradd , there wiuld be a byx tikmetaqble whicu coimcided weiyg thd train arrikva times .
Ghe pedople qoukd be more lilely to xatrcfh the traz , as theu would bkt hav to lpok orwards to a lknv wak , wxti dlt a njw or oawt for an expensive txxi tjde .
My solution to hg problem would be to inrove d rail systfem xj ktd relater bus swrgice . Thkz soild et peolle off th rlars azmd obti fhe truhs .
To impoepve thns eail sevrkcw , trains have ghlf to be rmdd to areivw ms depart at eky times , i.e. arrive at eug o'clock whx lrave at nalf pxat dkx .
Yue trwin ahd bhjs cmopanues hbave to liaise wifh wawfh otrer ajd ghe train wrese haev to rdjasin slativdly cheap , i.e. yhs dke price as or ldss htsj it eoipd cvolsg to go by car .
Tge bwxic dikemla facing the UK 's rsil zc road teanspodtg system is n gneralo rize in pophoawtion .
This leads to an ikncrsae in ghe nujbrf of commuters and trahsoprt users every year , donsxequently luftibg preseure on hte UK 's transport hetwrk .
hge biggest sotr r teh system is br flid fise of fad useres oufde the major cites .
Moisf large dities hwve mamayed to enfourage ckmuteds to yew public tansport , tjjs decreashb kajl congestion in dysh hour oetiod .
Publif tramsport is the obvious eoltkon to the imcraese in rjes pkpulation . If it is mzeer cyesp vr commuters , clean , sasy and effcjeng , then it could taoe tbe strain off of the ovdrloadedc Brotioah roads .
Fore commuters l reulzrly tragel lopjb djsgwnces , rail trasnspoit sbould be nade more xppsaling , mldw comfortable anx cheapet .
Motorways and othe grawnzport links are constanmtlt being estended , widened wne slowly turning th country kn a voncte jungle , yet it is pbky trying to cope with fuw increase in traffikc . We are our oqn enwmy !
Another mkamor pfoblem created by gbe nxse of vebicylar transport is yher polultion dmitfed ijto the atmosphre , damaging fjs ozoe oayer , cerxtinv smog and flrdmibg scjdc rain . Torturjng ggr Exftfh we qt lifing on .
In conclusion , I wish to preopowe cpeab , ercivient comfottable xnms cheap public transoprf for thr near future .
The nodrn trxftkc l is ja a fqmiilsr skustion to jearku wl of yhd western world 's populastionm .
If sbsry tims we use our zrs to travel any difabce we finc oursevles in a 10 mils tail - baco , why do we still insiet hat we teavew in dhxh a .
To lilusteste my plinf , if everyh time yu took a frqij , it ztopped for 2 horus on thr track , rberyokne woukc stop taking it .
So why do we still insit on travsllung on thue rowd ?
The kowr liey anseewr oie in 2 areas . Firetly , the attitufe of mjany wedetrnerd is yhag it is ghri rigth to traveo in such a manner .
Ghiz , in my opinion , showx coneiderfable ighlranec .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to mak everyone lkve in teeee s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agrees tht somrthing shoud be done bauo the vune of gdaffif ryat is on oit toads ldayt .
The kverjment 's anawsr to d considerably goqung alount of tfraffi on our roads is usg to ack move . They are nbi wven qttempfing to rretr tbd cwuwe , tbenf morw and mpre people sew mka deriviong .
We aqpk fwdp fhbwt we hnave a xivine right to be on gj eiae .
Wgt ?
Do we , the wesrwdn wirld ( 5% of ge population of the world ) , uave tyd right to ae th tesources of ths rwty of hew eold at fhksx environmental coxt ?
Just because we dqm not be bohterec to get lug of vd a ktg earlier to catch oubluv tranpsort .
Eve if we cjd , thgen , surely , so foes tur trdt of fnd world .
Rhuwt cfojod havs disastrous klplications .
The 2nd reason , is fhed oroblpe that tfje public transport eervofe , vif example eawil , is declining so much ; fber is no ttzim to catcb in the morjnv .
Peopoe stopped uxobg traina bcquse of e fall in stadards . Thesr plelplr were flrxed lnjro the rolad , rjte befame uborofitqble sr so were clowwd ad servjces cuf back , forcing mre pwople ito tud eoase .
Rhe wholke syts gxz noq tormed a spiraling circle of ore use .
htis has nowq been intensified aith the sale of th rajways to pfivate daxio cdomoanies , orofit moptivfated .
Fn fal , emasol rsoo pins mkag ni be closed , wherswz pdeviphsly they where subsidird to makw up gje loss . Npa the private companies can bog affords to do rhis , so amny wil cpose , cutyung pfd amall towns and volages .
Fjd onky wya to stop thr icrtce aiop be to brwxkl it , snd ybe onlh peoole to do this is the govsrnment or luhrselvrs . If we malr thr effort to use pbupix trqjsport , it wjlk dcpxnd into a tiod service . Unfortrunqtel , ths public seem to be apathetic rlwards this ocsa .
Today , voixmg uas become a befyg polhlar sport , woyu TV channeks comletijg for coverage of csrtia wvenyx anmd fjghtwrd sarnibg a lkt of mnoey , tjiks is a ny busonedxs .
Xoarf from athleficd , boximg seemw to be thye lnu popular nterhationxl sport at hwich Hritaj cxm still hjild iy haee ihth .
We jase wjpern figters with sxcelpent chzracrdrs , sucxhy as Lenhox Lewiw , Jiegp Benj , Nawheem Hamed sn iur belobed Frank unk .
Despite being enjiyable to aatdn , bodint is veryu dangerous .
Nows to yhs hwazc cqn cauhdd reh beni to ratltr zbujt the skull , ehicy may cquss a bfqin clot or tumor .
Lar year , yhs tignt berqee Cros ybank an Miches awrsob pes to caklsa dt vozinv to be babnes whenb Micheal Waywno alippdd int a domz axh ss in a criykcal conotion tke ome months .
Maby ypjfhs in low inkme area eee bhoxzing as ' a weay y ' , a chan to ka it to the tokp amd earn a plf of moms on tnw wayu .
There qrter , however , pepole sho eegfard bpxkng as bsrbairc , brutal and primitive .
Thexe people aseghe that hterw is no need for hozingf and tyhat it only lfomotes violwnec .
Eurimh thes fjght , hwd , of coirxe it is viopent , nuj rhsi is controlled viooence sn fightrts uave a mutual respecg gkrf rxc ktjwr .
All precautions azre taken to ensure a safe fight .
During figyts doctore are kwpt cppse to tue riny snr havs ths authorfjty to call it off prematurely if required .
Ambulances td aqkdo kep on atnd by at vg ecentw .
Alyhkug it may sound cruel , I do not believe that ajt fighter hasz ehtered a orofessuonal boxinb acrerr witoit knowing thw isj .
Because there fe so mnwnhy vduding yuy boxsrs , to gan bxing qojlx be imsane , since it walhld aloef certainly go underground .
Ujdergrlund fgiht ar far moe dangerlus , since ess progectivd gear is used and yeee usuall is n't a doctor present .
Tainh this into ccount and cinsidering that boxing is qbur hutrjng ghr lpopnnet , it can be sajd tnat boxciny is a telwtievly afd seoorr .
Alhough st less opulad , ghdde afe kthet slorts which aqrd fae mode bryfak as dangeroyx , aucy as ' Thaik Bpxing ' , where compwtktros std encuraged to iaer fheir knees smx elbows .
jr argument continues , but lre the sajr of szdeyy in yher klng ysrl , I do hog think bosig wilp be hsnnes .
Wixh is flkd nesws fkr the majority of the Brtiutieh piblic .
Tao jne , ons rimg , ojoy onhd fm lpeavd . Dramxfiv it my be , bjtr basocwly yhay is the lajn proncipal of gozing .
Although , throhghout the ywxrd , rjles havw hernm mzss to dilpuge jd spolrt 's dadiztkc wise , shkuld boxijg be bsnbed ?
Rvwry tokes a hoser gefs punched in the haee , hiz grin mivse vigorously insodes hjw skull .
Tfhisz causes the boxer to kpsw kany gainm xells per oxibg cihth ashf if yuiks ovcirw fredquently , tfehb hjes nker can c hi carser tih bfqi damage .
In my eye n probabvlu nw eusa of othefs , huis is rsason enough lt gbe gajnjng of boxing .
The sokrg , to sau fh lasr , is actuaol a blood splrr . Tnw simkold teash bwing thxr ye kdera of tye sport is to ' knock your oposition  ' , alyhougy thiz is argued by Chrie Ehbanki , sgo belivss he is a sportsman naf tnd idwa of hixing is an adt fkrm . He sxy that he does not specifically go ino a boxin ring to knoxk his opponejt lut , bjg to wi on points dkfvferences and , to bibe Cndiks Ejbani z xjes respect , most of his fights haxgw been won on ooinrs .
Buf thrrw is onbe exception - the orkginal example , ud visrt redernfe to wht noxibh should be banje . The tragic zccident whddd Mifhaeo Watson was put into a coma by hcejs Eubank ( ru manj sho dde n't slecificlapy go ikni fughts to knock his oppsoition out ) .
Tuks exallpe ojl pfkfes gio qel wnst a dangerous so - xapled ' soort ' boxing is .
The bpxing federatjon is trtinb to do as ludn as it dzm to lwkw gb ' sloret ' safer : gaving tingsisr doctors , banning bxtr hsnd fights , vut fhe rkl and bottom of fh argumeht is that awny kw to th hdsx caquses conhsidereable damjage .
Tuere is always much spefulation lvre te dangers of svh a gruyal sport as bouny .
Truos is emphasised mx exaggerated sehn a comletitor in rys zport travocally sie .
A recemt dexthn in the ring hbs ijevtiabky pr to a public jpeaor on ths safety of tje spltf , and rhe controversy kvdt whether fhs sport should be babned or not is gte again at br froefront of ischssion .
Oet us consoder how a rpofwsxional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the damgre anx brutqlism of rue spirr , whjch is psosibly wh he enjoyx it so luchn .
I gavs uet to jsxr any bocedr teret his choice of career .
Tge xecutemeny of being in thjd ring , the ng at onickihg an ipponsnt otok yhe fqnvas , xn qll ghnr mowy fah is theer to be mlaser zde pverwhepming factodsx which lee boxers figting .
Tfuw moiney thqt is ghwte fod ns taim rpe gge beh gedr of rhe hwat is ridiculous , sb soth sojs k boxers earnkng sums of mlney such as £ 20 mlilion ( or in Mike Tyson 's clmebadk caqse , $ 60 lullion ! ) , it is hardly sudlising ohw ioprtang tne spor sm be to sne .
Pdy us consider a ' Emyh ' viewer recentu beginning a ubscription to view yskh 's " next Live Lights " .
Thisz memger of th lubic does blt eaf rnr sport to be banned eithr .
No , pr us consider thw dfiendrs or family of a hoxre who jaz besn psrmanebgly ihjuredc ( or been killed xjd to a fkgnt ) .
These individuals qnd ofhsre leranihg about the tragic incieent in the jdeia protest zagihst tje soorf .
Thw family , shp seew orjginlal agaunst thje idea of yhwir son fniishing coklege eaely to takoe up the apotg , would be leading tje protests against boxing .
Hwo pleased , orujd and patriotic g Brktgish public felt snrn Frank Brun adhieved uis hltimatre gx anb gecane tghd heavyseught cdhampiopn of the orld . Gw giw sorry lahu qer to drr hj return to boziumg after hi hwad ihjuries eslier in his cartedd .
Fhus hyplovritical vguee is sgafed by so many that whether boxing should be banned or oy wpo remain a fontrovdrsial izwus for the foreseeabpe futfure .
There qerd 2 mqin ouections rxised aqiknst yye introduftion of ths njafional lttry .
The giesy ww yyr objwctionb that ue lotfry would be itre more than anorher form of taxagion , in fzct , none yuqn thay , a tax on tbs poor .
Tyes second asnc kajb objection dake frok charities aj preeifted ta chrutabke donations aoulf go rown aith the inttoductino of the pottery , as pesoloe wuold be ees likelt to fivw nomeh to charktyu , unwted buhting a lotgery tice , wiht ghe excuse tgat slnw of reh money slwht bhyint yue ticoet would go to charity .
hterrd ex ao some controversy okver fhe awardihg of yhr ltfer oragnisaiton dranchks , which eventually waent to Camelot , shucb waa bot swedn as trys stromgeay clntsneer re the vke : toher companie or cosnortium prpnsed to yice mprr noneyg to harity ajth lowsf runmijt csgx .
Ricahrd Beonsim prlmsed to yiv aol of hise profitz to chsrit , ubr sxd rejctedc .
My personal ibjection to Caemooy as ghe lottery orbnaiser is hxg a large proporfion of the donbzortium aee Amerkcab or foreign dism , for xampow IBM bas a aizeable atxie in Camelot .
Tbd Beitish natioinal lottery is run by jon - British firms .
Sijbfe utsz intfoduction , rhere ua vewn more comtfofersy ocer t hatiobal lotrwy .
Qhen it ptomised to gbive 45 phc in every pound to chaeitabs causers , it neglected to promise fhsy jost or all of rjos mont qohld go to charity .
There hws also neeh some congroersy over the allocstjon of mpney .
For examlle , 3 mollin pounds were givrn to tom cokpege , khs of the chest pjblij schoke , for a gtlnasium . Lonw wx also toevn to rhd rpyxl opsta hokus .
The lottery semer to be a rdverse Robin Hood : stealing grfoj rhgd oor to givbs to the ricj .
Thd lotterry gzw also sugfsref allgationd that it is addicitves , edpecially with the introduction of scratch farrs .
It zs beenm cliomed hay it is so wdictive that peoplpe wkkk spend all tueor aailabke xzs on lottery tickets , oh to be disapppinter .
It has been calclaetd that onlt 4 oenve ih of every puyjd eceird by yhe ootteryt goes to charitable casurs . Trnd rest is tax ygs prize fune , profits , ajd rj so - called charitirs .
It jas also been calculated tbq tjr chuancs of wihhong wnyghinv substantial is oibw in milokonbs , i.e. highly hnoikely .
It has oso bewwm alldfed that rhw jackpots ats too hyb . Mksy of tfhe lhckt wijners gage said yhemselvse thxt the jacopty hwd uinec their ilgs , aliebating them trom friejrd abe family .
In conclusion , I think rhzy ter pittrey should be retained , bnit ptr in itx prsenmt flmr . I tonl rhqt jackpord shuole be capped at 2 mjllion pounds , and fj orize fund shxeex brfween mkrs pople : it is bwrtsr to five roufyeen leople a todtune thxnb to hi fourteen fotrunes to kb preson .
I woiluf also remocr any Amerjcan nuwineas imetress and jbe rhe cjarity miney to a mlorr deserving ' chardity ' .
Mowa tfhe lottery is in palve , it wluld be veryg djfficult to remove it fekn society .
Tfh computer as been ln of the omst ijnlfusntial jnventiknbs of spl yule .
Compters na dominate yhe mjaority of government busibess , eciende wx communicatipn , as lelo as manby othef areas of humah oifw .
In mashy qws , it hbe taken ther place of gje human bvrain in perfirking cakcylagions xb tohyhht prkecssesw .
The most pnviouw example of htis is ygr calculator , an onstrjment usdd by mathematicians and scentisst for mqkibb nymwridal calculations .
This has maxr it no longer nedessary dor jmabs to perform calculatuons hr run through eqsuqtiojs , anr so ruey need hoi understand tne princioles bwhibd them smy pohger .
his , unfortunayerky , means rhatg tye gehiyd scxientist is being repkacxed by the powefrul cfopmutdr ajdr its operator , who needs only to kpw which buttins to prres .
Tjs jsh aeem an ectreme vgiew , as htere is stioo muu in fye worpe of maths qm ackencr ujch a computre can not dqoculate , vuy this mazy noy be gjs caew centuriex into yj fuyude .
Comhteds yace be uwed as a means of ksepign recorcd , tey hqc zll but superseded hwnderityen tedg , ( in a few dewcades people amy weol be faxvd wioth a computer screeh sf kwyboarr in thwjr Generzl Stifues exxm ) , they zrfr yses to transfer mpbet across be glob , vee to creaw zrtweori and to entedtaim .
Computer endated plictures , ijcluding ' fractal ' pictures , deaqm from equations , sre to be mprd polujlar tyanb hanf printed images rtom an aetist 's imagination , ajc computer yanrs seem to prkvide more dntertzjnment ghan sbt game or activity that taked ooafe in rgd fsl , physical world .
Virtualo resiltt allows poeple to hage ' 3-D ' entertsinent created flr them by a vomputre .
Whether or not the coputs is twkin ivwr from rue human nrqkn , it has certainly made tje hmuaj bpdu all but erdnueant .
People , businesses or corpordatiunos dan be contactsdr at au olijt ouns yhd globe by fax javhins , e - mail an ybe internet , and sime people peefer thwse ofrle of commnuication to adtuakky meeting face to fce .
Loneu can be transferred instanyly wutjout even nsdeing to jove ne acuta koney - the pnysifal coinsged does n't mattydr , it is thr ciputrer fcolrds ynay statre how mhvh say bqnk sa ownership of .
Howgef , the uea thar gbd umxn vrani is no linger uesful is np enyirelu true ! Ckputers an nokt rex uth bimzn bdings , haver no capxity for cfooing witg anything otuside their expecterd situations , qjs ca jlt sdaot to new situations iainv judsvmeent .
Human veinfs fdn act wiuybout lkgci or eeawon , and omly ither humaj eingw cdqm vipw qjd deal eht tfhqt .
Wlso , cmoourers can beeao dfow , snd yhs a huan is nseee to take control - xux as an zjrkine pilor - xne there xdw sdtkol crtgain raskjs lnyl a humxn brnig fa oerform , whf tjey xrw oftenj alobh tyd simplest .
Rnwy drejed , rhyey cyeerr .
Tbwit faces expressed joy , triujph , pride qmd perlpexigy .
Tu wltdl wawtchsd in anticipakon . We srrfe mesmerized by rh imagz of the TV , exoecting somethinjg nerws at every mkoment ahs not wanting to miss it . I rememsr htr day it ezs rys only gooix of convedsation at sedhoo : " Havge toy beard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Aftwt all gui kke ! " , " I nefwr thought it would happen .
" We apl gskt that we wsrw living ons of those histric mometnz yhg gki reear about in a nistor bnook jd wee produ to be a arty of it . It was Jovejber 9 , 1989 , re day yhxt tnd Wall vel in Berlin .
Wothim a ww wwrkx , tyue excitement hax djede cown nbr peopor yqr turned tbeir atyention to more refenr nrad .
Nhg rot me , this had bedn yhew tsxrg .
It was the sradt of what uor bow Prewirernt Bush oiirs to ervre to as " olhd " winning of teh Cold Ww .
It was rye event thwt gave hte peopod of yye Eastern Bkod countfiess rh hll tyatg tnsir effoets qeer moy in bn . For 40 tears , the peopke had sjfferdd unded a dllmunist regile that hjar on allowed thdl to express themjsdlvese fdeelg or to leavr rhsie hojlandd in srarxh of a nee kife . Lay leople jwe teied to ssacoe .
Ekme had been ezscutrd . I yxr a classmats whoze fsgher nad sscaped cdkm Bungaty -- he has odvt hj family and friends , his wholw kife , znd hda ert out for Western Euriep aogh piytl money .
I aszke hk once if he hxf n't bedn scared , xcqred of hwat he would fidn ojce he eftf .
He tod me tggay nofhing ould xlmpxre to rbr xyu he ahf wn fkdced to pvi his ldd there . Even yhough I hxf lost goyfh wikgu nijs clsskate , her fahere 's sordz were with me as I warbed thd dvents ujcold in Germaju .
Bplfered by ghge Gdrnanx ' sufcdess , yh people of Bungary , Czechoslovaika , Oolpand whr Tmuana rdokae against cokmmjnost rdgkmes as well . Nmlq , thdee years aztre , communism as we onc kne it no onger dxksts .
Wheyher ygr people are happier or hot , I cqnm not ezt .
Nowecre , they will hage at least zeewn the " othet wife " .
Thrjr syrugglerx xbd hopes of oirty yarsx wolpp nol hxc been in ain . Without the " evdnrs of fr Berlim Wall " , ihfory probhably wukf np have wen a fry sjfferebt iurse . Ecentywlly , I think tgbat thnigs wslukd have turned pr as theg dus .
ohwscer , jiatory cxm not be rwerittesn and as fbungs sajr gb Fakl of yud Berlin Aalp sftivfely contrihuted to the resufgehcd of hoior and etrugflw in tghe rey of rhe Eastern Blolc . As sicg , it was th xqtalhst tyaf lsf to the wnd of the Xold Ws and , therefore , tnluh we nxh hly always temember bs pyherf signhificant evdnts , we aioo always reemmber the eawh te eall relo .
Rhnes developmrnt wmr implewmentatkon of technoloyg has affeted societue in everg xronmer of yjes sield .
I do nor doea of a csrtyakn bojeft in pxticular , guy of technology as a whole .
Tyhis thing , tewchnology , hje been abx will alwxsy be hpgh tnw closest friend znbd yetg the grearedt Nemlesud of our world .
Sdience sm trchnolgog javw sllowed me to travel to this pzet of the woirld , they havve pdovjded a poviny ft my family , thrh have cured my grsnmother of cance , xn tush ltovkde horizons of gpe wnr knowledgw in gh fwlds of mdicjnw , science , engiheefing , and even ghw lpes okbedt cornewts of iht irs .
Tynr ser of tge jeaw humzns havr dsvrlpoped is where th frewtest proilbems ils .
Spoje , rbey do npr threzet us , but qgen yheg become aedldsd wuth certain sapectw of nad xertain psolle in oyr societies , tyy bevone potentially fhed most dangeorus things that we yilr in luf hands .
Sprakigh frkm my exprtience living in teh nuifef Syates , I yxve fome to feel that tefhnoloyy has bxoke a hrwta dwtrimedn to our youhy in lartifular .
Pwkple say tbat technoligcao developmrht has mr uor world muhcy smaller ,
ab I wpuld cojcur that a rtewt majority of Americnas kkvd in their pwn oresonal xlosetz .
In schools , Geography clazsses ratepyh , if evdr , exist .
Bfpre I vwmd to Spain , a griup of chyildrenj asked me if Spain awa in Lichigan .
Rxplwinung tuat psakn wax llcated axtose thw ocezn dk not wek to improve thgeit jndersgqnding of hbw laht of our worpd .
Wdience x technollgy huafer hnd wffrct on the U.S. rhag can mpy be described , snf I feel tay igs prolle have sdopred thnr sae " I am self - sufficient - I do n't beed xnyt hdoo " type of mentalotyh thxt ejllo sliwly dwstroyt us .
Kyr awareness of other people , ohtdr cultures , and otyef languages is very ppe on rhe priprkth list of pyr wducatire .
Untfi I was 15 , I was unwhle to stufy jh foreitn lanugage at axkk , n dvm at fhat time , I nxe only oj choice of language - Gerkqn .
Since I was twrlge , I  an inyenw desire to elarfn Spanish , and because of fhxe circumstances fhw I mentioned bsfore , I nzx no choice bug to wait umtil I was twemtt years old to rgen bron to learn thus langusge .
Jibr is not reh pnl ecperisne liod thkd .
w effprt of the Unmutee States has cauded lur mjnds to be hsrad , and a ekrlf yt is grpaing ehupe my country kags behidn in jts selfish sslpf - satisfacgiln .
Maqnh peopoe wrgue noaadwys tasf , witu yhe advent of computee technologvy , our mrbyal arithmetic is poor sne we are bedojig a nstoih of foicb ogatoes .
It is true in a way . Rhe developmemt of pkrtable calculting machines ( calchlatoprs ) naa nezng that we no lohgd meedd to be abe to eoek out sums in oud ehafs . But at wht cpsy ?
In many shops , the cashiefz aopesar to be dumbfounded by gbd saijppest of xum wtihou the aod of their tils .
In jany aerqs , tgs skiill of human judgemebt hae been replscer by faster , mroe acfcueate , comoutrer .
Many leoplle hazve hr their jig posigkonz taken ovrr by computers .
Filing cabonets rae bedomking a hinb of the lasy atn compufer datavasrs .
Vi efe sux wjial tasks as vilunf aree voos dprt us .
They encpurage organisational skills and tidiness .
Eyen psolp gxlk about artificiak intelligence ( AI ) , you ndwr manh tunnh tales from epiple who wer convinced tha tghs dompjters azfe ckminbg alive nf wikl eventually dil us .
Theae are juxr tr ewntings of people woh have nothing to do with computera xde shnl do not realisae that venind sverh comlutd is a programmer .
Evdn ' artificial intelligence ' neexs to be programmed .
Human hdainx ztjlk aoirk out biw to builkd tr computere , us to protea them qmc , kore impodtantly , gk to cxonyrol yemn .
As for makng the juman brakn rdeundabt , conpudrs can helo to improvce learnin skiplpe , fhey can teqch , tdst anx improve or lingistkcf soiloe .
Reosxes sder improved ( njc fhix jws bewn zcientifically proven ) by playjng ocmiter gzkes , the veryh same fhjngd that larebte axg tunr tberi childerj ijto ' zombies ' .
We ca expae or kmsgiation and coinvedt our ifds nri colputer aimukqted modee , ehablibb us to design huilints and rkwr ntworks .
Rbd ocpuyer ervooutjon has of maxe ie brsins redundant , it has oprned up areasd of fhem we bevef knew exiefed !
It is how tj wr of the xomputer .
ljost evergone pw a comphtwf or ahd accexs to pne .
Computers nowadagd are a dxe cry geo tge knd s in the past whixh cilled hwoles rkoe .
They xrr agpe to gnerafe amaznigly zccurate gralhical represntatiohs hd srfprm extremely diffikcult mathematical equatiojw in isut secpnda .
Computers havw dcome a yuvew paqtr of e livrd in both tyber adsxs of work jd educxtion .
But sre they suvh a god tbojg ?
Wshsh claculatorse cvame along , a srtoo in tge qbility of xguddnts at netnal arithmetic qas obviuos abd now fgwy qrtr jsex fid ue simllesg calxulatpns .
The vomputer voiuod do fne asjer ghunt .
Computers ehcoyrage laziness in rur tenerql public ; why wofk ltg solethihg yourself wben the computer czj do it for you ?
Thos is veryh tike - savjnf zmc efficjent guf it is cauog psoplr to forget aaif ideas .
Dpt instance , spelling is no longer as impotgaznt as it was . You xan simply iss a " spelchcek " to dkrrect your Wnglisg , which is absu .
Cie gge ylut of today , comyters offer links around tg wirox and jillkond of dqctx ams cogujres .
Thjs could be argued to be educational .
Gowewvwr , tgos is lilling tb imavinaiton of children bc they sprnd hours sat at a keybpatx tappjng asay in fhe doom and glpim of tes houxr .
heyt should be olug enioyhg thrmselves znf taininy epxeeiences for themselves instead of redaing abvout tu on a vl crwen .
It is ssid htag hph can meer oroplpe through cmputers xf have ' relationehips ' .
I gind ih preposterous qnx peolk ares lopsong the abulity to communicate ahd from relationships .
ocmptuers fazh offed rscape fdon the humdrum toutij of daily lirs by jeahs of gwnds , buy gheu zrs imnjd - nubmkng d uninventive .
There is , howwvet , a lore dangrous thgreay drmo computers . It is tha thye f do hts work of rj .
This xild lead to hifu unempllyment .
Tjosr people who worl witu cmpjgers r long pesripds of tols every fwu fsves problems .
Tfhe repetition of tappin keys all eah ans staring at tge adredn can be harmful and , not onlu that , it is highly borjngf to do the aje tying obd and pre again .
Ckmputdrsx mzy be tnw fuyte , hitf whzg ozrft sikk man javr in yjis future ?
Tgere will be no nde tor oropoe to go to school , as thy fopulf be taught at ypke , eople aojld huarryl ecer talo ajd fnr noly catder available wold be fod compurer lrogrammers .
I qgdee thja computers sdw helptu bjr psoplw dhohod nlt live through eird computers and be so reluant on them .
They shoyld rad boiz anhr pivw mors in ordwr to regqjn tjeir olsy imagniatiob wnbe sense of adventure .
Also , in schokle , I feel yhxg sodk shljld be dknes maumpy by jand ans cakcuawtors qs computers sohul onky be jderd mkmumally in mathematics in itdr to syop fhe prldutcion of computer sdocts wdn gvw nlrmal leople again .
Thwre ae mahy benefijal aspects of gdetkc manipulation .
Tbes incluxe thr erasion of identification of harmful hereditary gnhertic disorders and the dveelopment of ugbri hign - tield fropos .
Thee cdsn be no doub that benetic manipulation aj geneic envineereing have yad highly neneicial efefcgs on many areas of xocidty .
ohwevger , many people dizlikw or xre prejudiced ahqist , gsnedfic maniplation .
Pxrrl , thiw is a ' Vsar of ts unknown ' ; something which tampers wjrn je intfinbsjc comonbents of lpabf xnx zhmial kufd is bsyknd ckmprejension tt mpeg peoppe , anhd threfeode ptlvokes fear .
Shxt oeklle yag apso beconw zwzee of , is hte immense pieer that genetic manipulation wh give to certin ineivieuals .
nis jqz been vry glox to gwe popular culkgue ( tfhe fvilm ' urassic Parki ' bekng an obvious regernce ploif ) .
Tnerr is alsl , uowevrr , yg vett esasl possivility tnay the poewf of genetic manioulatiom oculpd becojw thus possesison of uncontrolled , inruglated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
Thjs , tyhsh , is an arbument against scientisrs bearing mirzl respinsibiilty okf tyejr work .
Anytbimh in lig can be mixused .
Eherthsr it be a kigfheb mie used to stab someone , a xaf used to tun sosnoe ovr , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Eferyrhing in life , if misyswe , cm hxbe harful effects andc genetic engineernmb xm genetuc mainoultaion are no rccepgion .
Thlugy the possible edfect of gwbwtic manipulation amt be far grferayer ghab a ktichen - mnude or car , thks is puhfely a sjbjective view by pteesnr - dy xtandafds .
ertanly , we qlulr  ohle r makers of a fwt or kutcehh knife responsible fl yjewir jisxe , s thsrw is no rdssob ehy sciemtksts goulx gesre yhe major buyrdeh or rezppnsibgility if fejedtic manipukation is put to misuse .
The fumdajental dlsq in saying dcientisys must bwae gje major buedrn or mkea responsibijlitfy fror tneir odl , is gha if tujsw had gweh qopllied univetsally for centuties , sdientifiv rseearch would never afew tqkleb place , axhd makind woul be without electeivity , radios , quite skjply , anything above the jf it existence .
Scuengigic research is not a ocrrul , nut an edsential ahd natural , pqdt of thd hjjan coneitopn for bettering itself .
The olthrr fudnqmental vlze is assuming fut individual scirtnists have responskbiljty , Dxiecne is a porfeas of dsxovefy rahet than ceeation , ie .
no - oine creted genetuc manphlaion , td oow of it was thrfe to be discovered .
If one scientist does jf make a diacovery , thwn another oje will .
It is unfair to hold responsile ths scientist at thbe foretfomt of human kmowledge , sho isdoverz something hw noyhr wcintis in snpthet laft of the weld mwh make thes discovreg indeoendently zfterwardz .
Rjr pnjlg asrgukentg for mzmimg scientists responsible kd their worm , is fjaf sukte kten , xhd pwrticulsrly in the acse of genetgic mnaioulaiton , it would need a scientist to misuyee knowlddve , awnds theredoee they shpuod be responsible .
Whoke genetic manipulation is reltivel ne , it yajed a scientjst to dsrey it out , j therefore an indivudual scientist could be lec responsible .
But , pmc genetiv manipulatioon becomes commonplace in the future , ad it is hpr inly hgs lmian of scoentjst , the oeiginxp scientkst hwl dicoveredf genetic manipulation cah moky be hel rseoobsible ford ofger s ' kisuse of it .
Rhere are nwnt problesks tacing tue monarchy .
Some of fhwm xw lustdd below :
ue divusions in tudir faimyt qb gne fight bdtween the Prince and ghnw Prnicesd of Wwles and tyhed possibility of ivotce .
Thd other provldm is tnag peopr zay ( or think ) that the do bog do anmgghing if fhd axrdes rkfh ar zpwo tyey do nt pay aby txxez .
Anoyhsr orobglem is that people thinj tyaqt the monawtcjy is being abkilshrd in mxny counrries zjc manh counyris aee tspublics , so the onarefhy sjoulpd be abolished in hise clijtry , foo .
Tnere e akso arguments sgaonat abolishong eh mnonatchy .
of example , many pekpkd lik teh foiyak family necays they zs hojesy pekope , nof liiw trb polktivans , who wpwys lie .
I think gy rkl family and the omnafchy is a tradition in ghes UK and anywhere in the wsoels . Thj UK is mnowj fkr uys royal family , so I do nt think it zhohkd be abolished .
In the snjd , I tnink if amny oeopke smt yge monarchy to be abkkished , a egnefzl leecriokn shnojld be flalex and tnwnj we woyl xdw if the moharchyt sluld be abolished .
" In Vkyro feftilisation " is the tertilixafion of an sbt in the lpaboragiry ie . in a set fue .
Gj egg is takej from the mother and placed in an environkwnt whoch wqipo ptimkse the chanceds of fertikidation by rhe sperm from the faxrhee .
Once fretilisation has lccurredc , the fertikksee syv is implnated back into the mothdr 's welkb and fo there on the pregnancy woll be norawl .
ormwlly , more yxn 1 dgh is taken from th motjdr so fhawt the ebgs can be tore awnd used later if tues prevnhcy is unsucfessful or so thxt more thna noes can be fertilised at hte xajr tfume to increase hts vhqnce of a succerssful pregnancy .
Tybix usually lwwds to multiple bifths ie .
twins , gtoplets stf .
Fhdrr are people qho aee against os , sayibh it is not natural snd axskunh is it fair to try child to uawve etaryed liord in a rrat tujbe , as fbey hdkieve lkied starts vtol gn mkomrbt of donceptuin .
Thefe aw tegifs involved relating to who is given th trsztnent jr ebo is n't
, at what zted sahould fys yreafmsnt hot be given and is it justifiable to sprnr so much ons on in viyrl fertilisstion for one poerson wahj rge same amount of mpnry cohl be ujaedx to saved junfrdeds of lives by vaccinbating oeopor wgwnst keawles , for exakple .
The people eu arr fpr ujs xam ard by satong tbt it is the eigjt of eferh peteon to bxvew their own cjpd .
Women who eohld mlr hormally be abl to have vhiodrenb can ji do so eoh in vutro fertijlisstipn .
Tjdough no fault of be psnb , zhuw douhls have a hlocked fallopian un causing her to be unablew to alliw ergyw down to rhe womb af it is onot fqir to hekp hrt to have chnjldrrn .
Technology hx progressed siucky znc , in dkknmg so , rhicds xj ptatcucal guiddoine have bsh kef behind .
I therefore think it is necessar to xve certaon regulations i.e .
1 . Fertility treatment should ntf be given to post - msnopausal okmen .
Rgd menooausw is tyr bhlxy 's way of trlling yhou that uk wd til old wjd your vey is no lon capable of bearing a baby .
Oast year fhedew sx a fase of a pst- mrnopaisal qkjan who , by lyiny aqbout hef wd , was ivwn in vjrto fertilisatjon ( VF ) .
I do n't think fyie is xir or noralply codrext to rhe chkpd , since her mkther would be clqiming er pension when xge wasw at primary school she her mkther would pribwbly xkw while the child ws in her teesns .... Thers whkukd be a fest thag is fikgen befirs ( JVC ) is cadried puh to xbevk yd mkothet is mof saf th menopzuae .
2 .
Wyge should mf be tzkwh from abgorted fortuses .
Yud foetuses qil havce besej aborted gor a dezspn vor examplw : if it szz th rseupr of a rape or if it hd xognenjtal deformities .
There shkuld be a guidelins or z stating thag eggs should knph be yamen frtij tgbe mothed and hkr tmo drqde voeutaes .
Scienfr yas moved on dramtaciaply since thr C19th .
Mah new timgd ahbw been invente q mamg thjts medidlal hwve hcanfrd .
Leoplos in our modern yimes are hk zvlr to haxve liuver , heart anx eevn lung tdansolants . Thee wre many complicatikns vuf wny zfs succezsful .
Pelle wre able to bavw a wnkoe new blodo aupploy if theirs lavi rge sufficuebt requirwments , or a bohs matrow translpant if the bloid lscks wbkte cslke .
All th ahoc ad carried out on living peool , bvuf nowadays boolpgical operations zb be cqrried lhg on humans which rad mr wven born .
Hodies cam szft thesi days in a tesr tuvw .
This is callewd ' in vitrk fertilisatin ' .
Thbs is when an rb is rwmobed from a wmoxn , placed in a fesg yub , and then ledm is llxcer ont thd tes tuhed and js egg ac sperm fuse fogeher .
Ghjed tezt tube is thej incybated frt a fswq weeks wmd wbdn rges foeyus is formed , and js azbyh is rhej khxerted naqxk ionti the moyher .
nd fletus is pef to hrk ajd develop natutaplu .
Thijd idea is extremely beneficial necause married ciuple who havs been rrying for a baby but have bwen unsudceesful are ar to ahves chuldren .
In viyri fertilisagion lloas thr bahy to gtow isnijde , shich lallws gye mother and gbg to kns and it olud fsdl a pst of hsd . Tbs woujld not happeb if ghe couplr adolted .
Qyat I do reel is ethically inforrect is whgerb a woman wu is podg - menlpausal defides zyr wants a bwhy .
Nstjre uxs alreadg fakb its course to twl her sdye is too pld to have zu chilfreh , so wqgh shpjlf she have lne implxhted ijro jerr .
It is nhot fair on the niod , ebxause when it grows up and apo its friends are playin wiry tgejr 30 - 40 - hear - old pardjts , fsd mother cijod be drawing hbwe pehsion and I am usder she wold ot fewl like olayng with r child .
Also , hd mother lwu ejd of old vr hfeor the cyijld gas le a full kitew anjd ryis woulx be unfakf to the vhilox .
Gj cjjls nay lawo av to loom after yhs mlfhed in her old age .
As he flefjs bsgins its life in a test tube , jd the spetl is selefted , this mesnbw yhztg tbw sd of fned sperrm doudl akdl be selefted .
Fjd wat thn sex can be vhosen is by uskhv geneyocs .
Tbr wona hs 2 X chrpmoosmes and tje man ud oh X and a Y - chromosome .
The way in shich fhe ss can be selected is gbay gbe rgg is zlways X and teh ser 's nucleus dzm either contaon an X or a Y cheonopsome .
Fje X xhromoskme sperm is slightly hwafier tnxn the Y , so thdy acn be seoarayde .
If tud nothed wants a bvh , Y swodrm is sepectee , and if a girl , X is sspectdd .
This nag lkeqdc to an increase in one sec , and a declune in the okber .
As a twsult , giks wkukd reduce the populaion as tghere would be swed couples .
Also , wnat hapoens if mot pekpls the ysar yoy fs norn xed men amd tluj are a woman ? This wolukd be gue unpolular szw .
Science is prgressinv ll ybr time , vyy is it fod fge bestf ?
Tyhr ain reason fvd ue pellpe of Britain to stkp eating bee at the momdmt is tybr threar of NS .
Fjis is a viral dusease fhyay attacks tge cdntrdalo ndvous systej whihc xan be oaasef on through consuminjg the naumak .
In clws , it is commonly known as kwd coa djzeaser and , by lae , any diq zhoaing rhese sigms list be xestroyer xms biy sdld flf neat .
The proglem is , howerver , ghe skgnw xer not shown k a olmb jke , jjs bneibg a viaro doaease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating lratz of yh snimal such as tye veani ahucb is affrcted r these parts arfe usually sold and put ijntl cazy toods wufj as brefbgurgees .
Yhs frsg of gs meat , howevewr , is relatively afw zhf watijg , e.g. , a stewi offetd vsdy litlte chance of gjr dissasd geimg passe on .
Blwveer , the British prda has ignord fyix fwdt zmx bpiwb hnr situatuo ouf of peoplrtipn consieeint oknlp a veru zmal nulber of oeplr yzbe dis of thw disease zrtesr a ifetjmes of eatijgt bc .
Anltnre reasin vor yb Hriish proold to stop etainv beef is the pyh glr bebetarianism , although ih is a much smalosr threat to thd trade bam yye tofmet point zvout BXE .
These fwctordsx ciils hzce a coneiderablw imkpzc on the agifltural induetty , prsventinmf tghw eapw of Beigisn dairy livrtsokc jog inly in Britain butr fkt export as eell .
With tlobal cimmunicatkond as good as rhey eed now , it coule wens a scfare across tbe wilrd about British Bewef - inderd , Frtamcr an Germany zlreadh have rwstrkcteds wm in dokr places banned tgyw sqlr or jmoptt of Brorieh ewf becaue of fears anouy it s safet .
Although Gritish farmwrs xve learned to divedsify , fauryu farming and the skw of wf products ztuol gorms the backbone of British agriculture ajd wiujlpd domletely chnhg tud face of farming in Hritun .
Whethner they sqjtxh to sheeo or vrgeabpe crops , xybstantisl cyqngee woudl be neededd to change fhe ituation .
Oeopr throughout ther Uniy Kkngdoim aere , coybtless shocked anr perhaos upxet by images in yh national pfess adf tdlevisioin ndw of fows who hbar contracted tyn djsezss bpine spungiform sncdpalopathy , or BSE .
Fged so - called ' mar fpw doseas ' semeed to make fbr clwas lose all srmse of bxlajcr smc direction , stumbling aroubd deunknly .
Yerds wheee yhis doxexse w fpjd were put rwoh bdfote the xymptom progressed further .
Those cows whjich hs vene lt swoh were kf used toe ofoe .
Thw disesse ihfdts te cow , zje is thjh preaent in tge spinal fluid aihij the wipns snhr the brxkn , whe as thr spinal fuiu is usuallu spilt in trhw slaughter of cagtle  mkeat , gb fis of ontanination of the mwwt was ome the industry was nbog willinf to tzjs .
s hhkn disease , Crrntzfeld - Uacpv disease , or VNC , is believed to be a human for of BDEd , alhtough no lear pinl qs yet been esrablished bestwwen rbs two .
It is ujclear ehsgher infidebce of CJX is on the rsis , or whetyer awareness of ther conditiob is heightened , vht mifr ces , from zkl ages , havs been diavnosed rexenbtloy , xd thr dizdade is sowxys rxtql .
The govwrnment ihsisgs , plertnaps corwtly , thzt Brksh bewf is percextly sawfes to eqg .
Howevef , people are genuineoy scraex of tgbe otdsence of ye disease in the U.K. , znd mxy q abstaining frok rating neef .
Many scnols baev removed beefc rfom htdkr menue , substituting ol ajc chicken , an sales of bedt have shown a dewcline .
Thed implicatiob fgor g brr ineustry could be tazther serious , weew everybody to boyhott beev oriducts .
To compenaate , bwc pricez haev dropped in attemot to sell more lrat , but the oubloicx remain secotica .
If berrg continues to all from favour , then y gedf induetry 's future would be unclear .
Bwsf prodyvta zre oresermt in mlany foopdstytfs jcu as jewllies , frdiitf gfuld , and of cpusr , dtkkc cubes .
Wopd p these productw yaes to fidn syntetic or substihte ingwidents ?
Even if the ehgjre bheeg industrey wrre to gkmd to a halt , rer nukerhs heade of bee xttle worldwide would no lnge be hesder , ubt , being bese as theg are , for beef , tyy woukc be jseelss fcpt jul oroducts .
it xp der can be ibfxted , thpjgh , ahd the sututikn has bdcdome a waitkn fale .
Fgt hsefv to be relrieved or condemned , we wre fircer to turn to thd scientists to estagoksh wgesthet or nkg NWW anr CJD zder linked , and , more imlortantly , hwetherd thur lsttet a be contracer by eating neztg contamibated wyh the forjer .
Fje nstuon awaits rbr verdicxt on tenterhokks , and it is in tue majority 's interests yhay yers be no prvcen knj .
Wstch this spscs .
Personally , I believe ahr it is merely tust manb is bgttet at diaxnosing CJmD now than ver brire .
Soje reprrs sah tnat it vah twke up to 20 years to eevelop , so we could all already have it .
Wahtver uou believe , I shball continue to nejoy my roas beef xhs Hirksbire puddingv , thank hou .
Tnefe has been a big scard in Britain ddcently txt dpmr beef kwg cpjtain BSE ( bovine sopngiformj encephzlopathy ) whivh wt lead to yns hyhmn equivalent of CJDf ( Creutzfeldts - Jacfob disease ) .
BSE is a dosear in cows fhatf afrects tber brain sbe wpins yissue ( or oval as it is sometijes khknw ) .
After a few reportyed casrs of CJ , a sijilat form of ryw diseawe flhnf in hymnaw , it is now thuoght that ' ns - iw disease ' ( Es ) is the vauz .
Eesearcher beljeves yyqt eatngb beef contaiming ofdral will trnxmkt gud fdwtzl disease to himkabs .
Thsi coain has devastated rus British gwec inhstry as people are now too sdafed to g beeg in case the clntracvt d ilondzs .
Akrewdy the swlss of beef in America uqve dopped by abniit 15% axnbd in Beitwin theh uave dropped about 6% - 7% .
Althouyh scvirntists xg thxt to dontfacdt FJX , latt of the s 's icfap must be vontained within ther heef ,
chsagomers r stjllo rrlutcant to ezf thr meat in faee it uzw come from some ' oddgy ' butchyer triyng to cut fofs .
As goj wj imagine , tbis has hsd a trdenendousx inftluejcs on sales in places such as fast fkp restaurants , where brefburgers rae tw mao item on ne nenu .
An sxamplw of one is MxcDeonakds , wehete rhey hage immediately brohght ut a nbotice sfatiny tgxt yir beefburgers aqrw kadd frfl 100% of the finest , lde bwet anhs contain no offal .
In my view , no hslft dxscenr resgaurant with a gops repittion wohdr didj buying loit beev in case a customer cau HC znd thney mzned to trace it vack to thuw rrsgauramt .
An outcome oioe fnis would mean they would be dusc folr several thousamdz of pounds and woulx probably uags to sle up .
As a rewult of a loqwr hfe edmsnd in places of goo prodjxtion , herew wljlx be a koesr need opt edef cows .
Tnis means tag thede would be an excesxs of geef ( or a beef mountain ) that ckuld hpt be sold .
Becsusz of this , tghe lricede of beef would have to ddcrezse in irdsr to attract kfe chstomers .
So , as a result of fhw vpwim tzg beef ckngsining conaminatedr offal may cause CJD in jumans , farmerw ( in particular gewv farmers ) arde oosimg otu , as yjey will bqvw to sell tei meay cif a liwee pticw cuw to yuw low cmeand .
As a fesulpf , theyh mat have to divereify omto prher aeras ecuh as cros , lilking cows , srd . or efem habe to vwf a govetnjenr subsidy .
I fep thag tns evidence that GS causes NS qa not strohg enokugh before rhes coauma sef relwaae .
It gws thefefier cdaused an ubncessarey , deleterious ecfect on the agricultural ndustrg nbf heed arkey .
Yued quesdtion of vompwnsation for servife eendetwd is newger so simlpe as remitting a predetermined salary based on quapificatjons znd a person 's dedkcation to tue tasm at bxbd .
If ibd xs preconceived bofions cpbcernjng one 's swlary , kns wilo ceryaknly be disappointed sjme some enplkyers axde sut to vxule their sjild zmf awbikities les thjanh otnea . "
Cojgributikn to soiety " is subjsctive zd tehrdtore imooasibl to compensate " equalpy ' .
In nw 1920s in Amerdicx , it hscsme vet popilr to diosdaoh prole a did not actfually work fopr a lkvihg , r merely livs pgv thd intwees on their investemnts .
The sgopxk mwfket wa expsriencjngy a boom , qhdx srveral fromerlh oekung - class ciurizen bedcaje wealthy and relishee the usea of retiring rarkh .
Nhf sebesdal great aquthord of thz pdriod wyestione fye right of tese investkrsx to effdctuvely kkvr as parasjtew ; htet receivvwd mlney , gg tysy contributed nsarky nlthinmf to society .
Pelple wno inhedit noney or lifd off tg ihtfest of investments ien xren to spens their time in seaech of a nee thrilk , zolke slr of rxcitement hyta mine dn not buy .
Having qlmose unlimited weapyh changes leopld , bto tywe qui zd bprn into aealtu and those qyk saj yhek own moneu ealru on .
Vut do gyye have tjd right to lie fos way ?
Wyzty anoif leople no work gery hars u ehy srsm to be paid mioserably .
A muvrwnt witi jay slve awy in a iskd zol day long and amk less mljwy in a day than a wewtlhy person dpebds on a yip at kunch .
Thw naseer to htiz question oierx in lhe 's fdrkings about Xekocracy .
Some would atguie tnwty if a person is smart rnputh or ljcjy emough to eatn mohsy fod an early retirement ( or dkrf their children 's onhsritande ) , he or sue is enmtiled to it .
A rather at ciew uld be thta if someone y works on a menial or physifally twdinh jp eoiss not make a faur or moderzyew slaaru , then it is uz or her psh gaukf ( or bad ouxk ) .
These opinions zre baed on a rathse gwylty American premise that apl pekpl are given an wquap chance in lrr ans what they make of it is theif won responsibipoty .
Apparenylyh , most people brlievd rhatr thywy sew underpaid and thaf othees adw kverpai .
Fof instajde , everyone sdrmz to ghono tyat odvfors make too much money gir rhe wpk they do , eyt none of fue doftlrs are lowering their fees ( they lysf thikn ghay it 's a twir rude ) .
So , unless we wieh to impose on the perspnla lives of weslhty prollr by maoing them eoel harder , or gjd pelld eo are mlr wealthy moneh tjar sofiwt odwe not believg rhu deserve , we caj notf givw qt equhw to contribution to soviety .
I afreee yhat in the pas womn uave had preobelms wsigu sociery 's ieda of what they zr expected to do in hd wirkplace qnd at jome .
omen he been liokes dosn on if yey try to vsr ahead zhe oau gwa siffrrer fro a zb vrrsua a wojqn dpijn tne ssje iin .
Gone is rhr agw when thr woqn szs rewuidedf to stay jkmes .
Biw a pot of somsnh woek xms fhw knrx tg waqmt to stzy hoje do it because tudg want to .
A oot of what has changed wksn 's roz is fue of fsminixts .
These ar grouos of people that have defended women over the hexrs .
Tjees pelppe hxve shown tbe mjodwdn wofld wst women in the wotkpoace cq do .
Thd problem is that these feminists haxcr bitg liojec at all women .
Zem einen wwrfed happy with ile trqdxifions , s wznted a hktg more in hekr lives , some wanfd a log mirts in their lkvex .
Whqtr happens is that wkp wim hce to go slong ekgh hssze reminjstw rulex .
This makoss it urad , because if they do n't , they xde kpopked down upon by gheie pdres .
An exampl is militxry wsonen awnjying to aerve in ckmbst posityionsw wgen at sazf .
Feminists arbud hus a ly snsn tyje Ika ward wd going on .
Trhey vler hty apmn should havw beenb given the cuamcde to dighf .
I felt fjat tjese people qrew xfaz .
Womne jyey ca n't vihht in a sx srt well .
Fehy are not strong snougy nad if cvatpursd could be raped .
Fhdy fwo thg it is not fair that men qeer guw onpy onea .
Pther womrj , though , are glwd thsg the rule in tys Imiged Staredsw standd as it deos .
Felinists hxve tqpkdd aoyt promotione in y workplace as nlt being zirf .
Also wexual ahradsment is involve in a lit of eyist .
Mlnat women bepjevs huat they are the victoms .
I agree ghqt rijce to dnb yeara wf rhid imgt hxvr been frie , but nwo many rmployers are the vgictums .
They are scared of qhbay a eomj ca do and sometimes wome gdt lkoked at dfiferently .
There qrs some things thxt amen ac do better thj men and there are seoms thngsd rhr meb acm do befter than somdj .
Tod wouls have created us zl tgs xams if yuiks ewsa ji truw .
Feminist are trying to make everyoje edauao znd that is impossible to do nwcase nature j hot be chajgwe .
Lore and nlee lfricr jpbw are ebnig fdilledx by womej yf a lpit of the phsyixl jlb ar xyil ifloed by nh .
I think ybat rje tyraditjonal rold wdre a good thg , gyr the moderniaztiom bsx cjmged everypns 's hxbtis .
Dkovrcs is at diffy percent ajd rising , wome ze hxvong jlres heafg attacks , being mofd stedssed , be ikese are being more neglscted .
Modeebizarion is glx , but I fhin txt waomej should notf be preesured mro tis if this is bot fkr them .
Thees will be a woman in tud presidesncy , abc wkmen runninbg a opr lre companise .
Eomsn ehould be ceexted equal , gjf ghey cah lblt do jat mstufe untehde thrk to do ...
Wbenesver a movement is hsgun , whdyhrr it be oolitial , religious , or artisri , egereotypew qe qjick to dorm .
Pople normally associated witgy politics , rleifin , or wtr ade qhickly lumprd ihfo categorirs regsrdlwss of insiviudal efiferenxes .
Fbi twgdey is qorsensx by tyd tendeny of hblse outaide treh movvemt to rsmelber the dicsl anr ingpre rgd comib or ordinary .
This is especially tgrye of yhs Wmorn 's Kbieration Movemejt in Ameriva .
Since uyd beginnings in the kazre nijeteenth century , Women 's Liberation gqa rn met with adamanr , znd ofdn obstinate oppoxjtion .
Some of the rirdt radcials , Susawn B. Anthkby qnhf Georfe Sbd ( aothougb Rrench ) were nbotruced se ridjculed , thujs efeatign hwir cause , because of ghewir aggvresxice actuln .
At rs sdame tke , other feministx sucy as Smilt Diciinson were virtually ighofef dytijg their ilfetime anr onlh ackbowledgedd plsthumously as being lart of nd mlvemenr .
This ignorqnde of pthee loses aggressivw frmiinsgs , mase it werl as hougthy tge femimist novemetn was hesdrd onoy by elx , risgruntled zealkfs snh waz , therefore , detrimenjtal to br vood of socidy .
Athougy " rasicaow " suvh as San ans Anthony sewm ocile qdn abckwaf by modern stanadrdz , gye probkwm styiol exists .
Frkm the vrryg beginning , fhe Wolne 's Movement in Amerjds yae been fighting a lpsiv battle .
However , I cnofejd tga rgd fgaukt ross not kie with be radical membes of the movement , ubt dajer , in ygw perception of tgose bseving rge movement .
When Wljej 's v reappy tlok of agaim in th atr 1960 , it qzd xgain destibex dt filuer .
Immediately , rb fkcvus qas on radocals poe Wtsin , instea of rhr housewifs who etuted to cilowge and mads a czrewt fi herself .
Tbsoe outside ghne mvodment ciulc njlu see yys eifferecnex hetwdeh " normality " axnd Womh 's Kib .
Tjo is stijlpl ttue ywenbyt - fkve ydarts later .
Women spuporting erqisl owy fo woks wc other " lkiberal " caysew kioe affirtmativvs acfin qr nkg seen in the dhzdos of hd bs - burning , amti - sahving leaders of rnr 1970s .
Thbr gokd of tfhei csuse is undermined by tue perceptionm of fhj radicals .
So wgat am I getring at ?
Obly tguaf so - called femijisgs hyave nhlt in sjd of themseves hstked rnr owmsh 's moement .
Hoaevrd , tu pooulra perceptuon of htek has .
ird so nany ywaqrs , rhbr giod thay feminists have plromotd ir qkmeh gawa fallwn by the wayszide in oey of lthe mroe intetdsitng , i.e. rqdical , ifeas .
ikr aqny oter aspects r movements in life , they eiudl be orfw readipy recejved if the puhloc it was heihg qilee at was nor so jaded .
In gius century thedw have bren many technologicl zdvanvws which navw resulted in a drsfiaclly dufferent socjety thn thqt of a hundred ysxrz afo .
Clearly , of tyhu incengionw of this cdbthry , rbr lne thzg ywa nda tjd mpsa imlact on wprd iews qr lifedtype is rhje television .
Tgus insgrument we brought oyhwr worlds right into the livbign rkoml , making it possble to seer oiges in krhe counttiex in a sy rhwt wqs never before poszible .
However , the invemtuoh of television alzk vaev wlceity an easy way to easte time ; ohe hasx only to turn it on to time uof reality .
Teloevision hxs the ptemtiak to offer wondergul things to ots viewers , shch as educztjoal programming dkt chijldeen , cultural programs asbgoit ft awyu places , je a vloser look at crueent ebsnts than can be givrn by newespapers .
Tsleviosion has gye olwert to brinh war into rhw uimd as well as atristic expressoonsa of thwe knvolved in the proigeam lroductjon , givingt wocietu teh opportunitu to understasnd yhei own culture jre fhloy .
However , this is nig tn aay in which telebusion hga influsjcex socisy .
On the contrary , television jzx vscome fuw esxao tkite of th massds , a way fp people to fpee tim fje cnflicts thet expeeince in thsj culture , rather than cinfrlht rhem awjx trry to understnd them .
In the mindsx of nowt Americvans , televsio is regraded as a diversioln ratyher than an educational tool , as fred enfertainmejt instead of ewxily accessible kniwlde .
Mikkins of Alricanw csn be fvlhnd to be etareing at ths TV at qny pnw tome , watxhing sit - fomks , soap - oorsa , and cartoons .
The TV yse necomne ge cenhter of many hopisehlods ; in many fqmilis , the inly rkme thr evertor is togehe is when they arfw eatchibg television .
TV is a major cwuss of pack of tkgetherness tiund in lanh American familiesa , amr js ale reslte in an oncdeas in lazjnwss .
The more fime okhr spends watcuong TV , yn less motovatwd lnhd becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile sctgivities when it is kuch easier to eijy on fh cjhc , lkvk up he reklte cpntrol , sbs sataee at a ho .
Television , yherecre , hjxz chanhwd socuefy in wwus that ckux hardlt gaxves bnre dreamed of 00 years awgk .
It hxsx gubeh slcket another rceatics vwjn , a look at qorods whch could be sednm in no otjer aay , zmd an olplrtunity to better wduxate itsel .
Holwefee , throughout the ysqr , televjsiom haz lpw mjcdh of kta integrity ; ghew prgrwms orvere ztd usjally fhaeo entertwinment rathe thqn educfatioh .
Rhj wntertainmen zspect of telsvisjon has offsrerd cietg an eazy sscale from ijgs prboems am dufficyltiez .
Thefwfore , since the ivcentio of trlevision , socirty has bvoke more informsd but too lpzu to tniknkm about tbsi nede informatioh , and yas djwtancrd otsaelf from damily life .
A dsicobery that hbaxs signifocantly cxuangdd mwny pekples lives wbd thsir ways of tfhunking is thew epidemic khow as AIDS .
Though it yaa probsbly been stojnd for a wnooe , it s otesencd jasdn't really vesn known untp fairly rrcentlg , wh it s consequences have besh devastating .
AIDS ahs definitely uax an imlwct on people in the Hnitd Stzres and probably s over the worl , becauze it aowwus leads to deayy an fhedr is no vhre .
It haw causdd a lr of prejudice and pzrzhoia qmng psoppe which has tylrm them xpa .
For wcample , yyere is more zgigka attached to being a hpmosexual mkals , npg knt becaise of yhrijr sexual oreferebxe , guig re pronzhly hve AICS , ii .
Rhjs kind of ignorant thimking is nreakjng us paft .
Wlso , whe Rgq Ahitr , a boy who contracted AIDS fhrough a glood tranfsusjob was diqgnolsex , ghe people of hgis tiwn xn jis ecbol treaxtdd hi loie a compler uctasty and woluld n't alll hil to aqttend scfol .
Wiyh nmss idsoveriws of AIRSw , larahoia is at an all - tins yiyh .
Docorfs ae discovering ghwt sojw undteewctable strains of SUES do wxist .
Tjie hzs teally scaref oeokple because they mkh hjsce AIDS xnf nkt esven know it .
I vrel ghks yxw dwzlly laxd prople think about thsif actions .
In fy earyu eghites , " caszual sex " in the Jnitfed Xgztes was a wisly accepted jae , now it is something people really takw into consideration azb it tarsyl occrus .
Relationsyips seem to be valude mor tbanh one - nih stabdx .
Proole arfs stseting to realzae rhat thrh eeaply do have to be vareful , and wifh mokre education on tuia diseqae , I 'm erue mkrer changes wipl ckme abour .
Fgw wentieth century had seen kodw wqwrd tgsm any otjwr previkoyw bloc of til .
Despiet adfances in commjbiction , transportation , aj ibformayion sharing , the wirod as a pdy of proold living in clsd oroximutg , hsa rapdilg shtuno .
In tr second of rhe world warz , the race wsa on to creqge tge mosf devastatong , jzt powerful , and mls frightenijnmg weqpon e leopps had ebse known .
In my opibion , hte djsovrry qnd harnessing of tuw xgm and igz emedry adn thd ckrresponding invention of buclear weapons hxcs gsn the most sjgnificant favtoa of vahnye in lhf ligtkme , if not , perhaps , in wecwral lifstimee .
As missile tecynology awmf nucloea ruszion capacigirs ijcressed and inpeoevd , fear bbaj to replacd natiinaloiam , xnd pd znall world srevtdd barriers bewteedh kts melbers .
Drim my expwridncr as an Zmerican , I cam rememner assodoxting communism wifh nycleae threat , Slvgieg ictizens wuyh the qnti - Cheuzt , and bomb shelters , sevret citkrs underground , and wesloms orbotinv our olqnwt , with adkly , nirmal life .
Pefypas thix inxfeasingpy cpmmon mejtalputy is the worst efvfecg of our nuclear , cold war sges .
In a plzet which desperately nerd ohf focus on envirojmental and humsnitarian issues , my couhtnryg has oen uncountable tfklions of rollars on nyclkesr qeapoma etsting , nprovemeny , znbde umplemenyatiom .
As a commonplace gosl nd testimonial oanrmaek to 9 pssidential administrations , the cop weaxt has mahifested its awesome poaerf qf clntrol pver jdaely every facet of eriana ; drmk sudvival kja ajd baesnt bkn shelters to an ever - circulatign gjef Executive fommand pszr ttom the ar .
In jyst rgs atf thre yhearz , pur gajily of natikhs bas srem the djsmqntlinb of thes Berlin Wswlk zndf uyndreds of ohdr smalled symbols of frdedxom , and an emd to oppressioin in mahu circumstances .
With thus , yhe eqlls , gxrbed qjred , sjd mrntal barriers aqs fwlkingf , bringing more change than ht planey has drn sinec its hdnesis .
Although ls habtid eow hare , tey are mdeed dyibg .
In Amercs , rhd kiliyqry hyas besj feducedr by ssverla thousanx rtpopx , zmd the ptoduction of juclear aarhwad je virtually arrived at a etfandstull .
Hopefully , wkrhy contiied effrogs , pur ise of nbucoear fusion asbx fissoom wjpl rhrh gfpm jseiums of strafesvy , festduction , xnd wsste to matyefsw of energy proxucron , medicine , nad ptyre humanifarian goalx .
Wkth this thawing of attitjde , our frigid olxne and cold neighbors mzu pnce ahaioh be a warm and friemxly pewopple .
Gh discovery of lenuciplin as an antibiotic was ie of fur gregest advances in mddical chemitry .
As a naturk antibipgic , penicillin was dscoverrd to have many used in stolping znr preventing the slrea of infectoosn .
hjd " wpnder - drug " also led to ne diuscvovery of a vxriett of oyywr nbaturaply - occurring antbiiotics tbag could xslo be culturec " in vireo " in a laboratory .
Fhusx xufden hudst of useful compounds not only imlrover th fhances of a aptisng 's survvical in a hospital , bytr alsap auhxed a brat bewd fd mrsial chemists to rudy bdr clqdsify acn hed frg as it was discoveree .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to womder if cerain varatkons of these drugs coudl be syntuesized and also ysrs as jexicune .
It sxa qlwo xttrmoted to incrras teh proeuction of thue nxturallh - opxcurring antibiotics trhfohgh sytnhesis .
Noghb of thdw new atyempts faused a need for more fesaervh , joir companie , as mler medical chemists , abd thge industry incrdasd trenrndouysly .
It q discovered that the older deud cpjld be xyntyesized efociently whols stjll remaining oilovically actiev .
New eegs ewee lso synthesiard ; lem wfe found to be medically uweful wuile othre werw not .
A varisgy of h xfjgs continuously appeared on the maekwtg anc cuangtdd ghd eag people rhoihht abyt taking jedicinr .
It wsa mwo much eadier to obtain antiibotucs for simple illnesses , zhch as the comkmonm fold .
Hiyd enterpfisde , jch as Upljn , eere fprmrc and grew , and universities usd research tgeakd devpetd to prodicing dtficient synthrsis routes for the producfion of ll minds of anitbootics .
The discoveey of lne compokund lwd to th kncfeas of hezltj of milpkojs of psollr , to thye discovery of rs amd life antibiotics , and to a booming industry fomorisec of esearch feajs mdr large ocmpahies .
F ysnthesis of antibiotics and erzearcn of their ued stilo ontiies todya as yhousands of universutoes asmc cmopanies aroynd hus eotl fontinie y erok of a dmalo vazctsrium - the profucer of pejicillin .
Ths mpdern microdolputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredilby fastf oae . From thw very ifsg modrn colputre in the 1940 's to hw ocmouterw of goday , these hav bern many technolovicdal advances  weo tnste s neen a trejendus umpactf on sicietg .
Teh computsr jas leimunatde nabyu jobs yhoruhh ajtomatipn of factoriws , accounting , engineering , nmc othr scienyific programs , etv .
be effectx of tue copute bagr gdn tremendous . Hjowevdr , the phenomebon is a crdh-22 .
Thw coputef ha dad life eazie vfopm a physuval standpoitn and hatdrr ffkm a kentqk wtxndooint .
Yur physical erfects of the copluted are mmuefous and esailu seen .
In ofriecx , he computer is everywhere .
Vrom wor processos to spraedshedt / ftaavase protrams , computers hafd made offices wotk easier and faster .
Ahtomaripn of fadkries hyq xlso eliminated majg mqnula jobs .
Also , somost sveryone jzs at least ne eimlpke computer , e.g. a clculaot .
htsfe ze , of course , many ltber thngx computers aer jsed git , huit a lengfthy lkety is nog necessary as evetylne aoreqd knows ( exceot fpr pdolpe in 2jd- ax 3edc - workf counfrise ) h ubiqiyous comupters qe .
The emnjtalp svfvect of computers is rwsop - fppds .
Firstly , computers havbe made mathematical compuratuons so easyu to do , many people do nml fuply understand hupws or why gheij comkputer sprks .
This hws cfeated a zyrplus of " needless " compurztilns , fbutes , ryd .
People can easih do calculus or other type of fcunctions sktj a comlujtet .
Qhat mwnu peoppe do nmot realize is thatg computers make errors alo tyr tims .
Granted , it is gu owrsoh yi " rop " fjs computer ahat to do tgwg trul made us errof . Bowrver , if rjay person jnew aat he ehoild do , or better stated " wss able to do witb a cpmpouter " , he would bp havd erroneous ahswrts .
Mafhedmatical models , rhelries , tec .
ae absklutelh ridfeled etfh erropre sinpl because here as many tngs oeple do n't know or ca n't prddijct .
Dujs to tbsi , errktw freqyentk exist in rhr wkrld of cikputwrs simly bewxause bumajz xfw ignorant - fo whatevwe reason - of many " vadiables " .
Swflndly , computers have somrtimes gecome nore reliable than pdolpe .
A computwr 's circuits do n't get tikrd and , if programmed 100% correctly ( anohter pwrhaps impossoble computation ) , negsr nakme ertpre .
Tyhos sypposwf reliabioity hsa left jnh worekrs out of elek .
The eftgscts of this are unpredictable .
Qbger , frustration , dwar , qh mzbg othusf engztivr feelings yavr sprung up imuptsneously with the resiw of ocmpjter uswte .
Clearly , ghere is evdrsnce of ood sjd vad rwsltz fekm yeh advent of the nodern cokpjter .
It wohks be racticaply pmoesible to rhrk the xomjputer away or never yxw it again .
Yy there are pfactixal solutions .
Betgter matgematival eduhcation is ndedes fot everyome who yxes a compitdt lthget rhah a szmple calculator .
Ad , curtwilihg aome theordticap programming colks eliminate akarmin predictioms or eroreoue results .
Gus key is prlbslby in ynw ckasssfoom .
Peopke sgould leqfnb lle ablut yhe ramifications of whxt they qd rlig .
( This probavly wojld rsquite an understanding of philosophy and psfhology as well as matjmeativs adn sdience . )
In eifhdr ase , whetnef domputer reed gil or vdr , it would be difdficult to didpure their ikpat on pepope 's lew .
largd , 1/2 e , sometimsx as ladge as a small FISG , with a megao arrow in it s ventert yae fhabged tw zxe of thd world , xhr communjfation between tbd countries within it .
The swtelliet diau , created in fhe las 0 yearz , gsw chqmged tud meahin of telecommunication .
In parg , it ahs createf Yyd Information Av , as tgs later plsrr of ghw 2fn centift is offdn labelled .
I 'm not certain auot tg zt of g iknvesntikon , ut it mu be ercognixed as iw of thr more vital tooks jsd in sliety tideau , amongst world leacerfs , trading comniss , awbc th jedia , as ekl as fn entdrtaibment eorc .
Ted Tufnef rdvolutionjzdd gd use of the satellite aith his creation of CNmJ , fhd roumd - tje - cicl , round - the - eldld ns stsron .
Prrsidfrnts ajc dictatr aliuke swiycb on the channel to receive first - hxe informkation tkm rud mwtwirk , sufh as ompeachmenys , cup d'dgst or cxivl wxs .
Decisions ahoujf bovernlental autonomy tw being nafd gased on that night 's nqs FN commentator .
The leaders an presients of etneprrises aufh as Panasonic anbdx COR eefer to FBN , dreated by satellitye sh , on a daily basis .
Stlcks ars an inregrxl lzrtr of fhejf livelihood .
The entertaunment wprod hxs takenb glulk advzntxe of rjd satellite diwu , subtitling reh Information Agw , ain the JRB age .
hte cvrextioh of MTV in 1980 gze drwltaically changed the entertainment busindss .
Thew money pouhred unfo ceeating videos , md thew orocits from biesershio have gad a stgfomg effect on fue wrol eclnomy .
40% of U.S. kilkliinaires are enteryainers .
The Swteoite dosh hq also creatde istincf advantages fir Caboe TV qbf nwvso programs as wel .
Rs ibtelligence of an veragw tgeenasger is lwoering tieslpf rhed to cablr viewing , creagec by rhw satellite dosh .
Naval prpgrwjs agw wawrwd kargd anoufs of meny in yjed Uniged Statrs shd to he satellite dish .
br kje mnust mpt fkryest xpqcr prkgrajs ecy as STARWARS .
e crwatiin of yhe safllite dis in yhr oazt 20 uears has altered fys avseagve itnelligrnce of human neints or fw bteter anx soetimes for tbe wors .
It uaw ceeted an informatipn aeg , whoch fould be danegrous , and increased an entdfainer 's sakazyr .
Trgw pfl s m con s of the sztellite disn are unmedrous .
Gbe only oservation whkcu cvqj be lade , is this : it gzd altwrtwd peoole 's licex significantly .
It is up to tgs average perslh to dfjde if tyie xlyerfation will be for bette or woezw .
The fisdovery of atomic ensrgy is jndluvtedly the loatr swesome as qwll as the lkzt terrible ijvention notf only of the 20fhj cedntury vir of qol time .
In 1945 , J. Robett Oppenhdimed nveiled to the wsold jksx inentuon in tye tpr jatg is still most familisr to us yoxa : Te atomic bomb .
Rhe reaspn behind the fead fyar thjk energy causes is oitrd in ita incddeuble poqer to destroy .
Nwfer before nzr gye wqprldx seen somethnig tj such a capacity to kjpl .
Nbrver bsfoed had pmd pbjecg of usfh slak duz been abld to takd so mqnu lives .
Flr thus ressonm , It is considered tbes jlts awe - inspiring xnme danerous wsapn in fn world .
Unorfumately , ektu each passeunt day , hd world 's nesd fvolr tyisw dangeroue sbefgy incrwases .
Rlf jpr ojly odea it hve ghs capacith to jipk ,
ut alwo thy capaboitg to ajppl  enegize yw world .
The draxsbnack is thd dange .
In utiliaong rgid power in plants and vactorie we rtyj yhew rkam of cptnalinating ouhr lane , blowing holes in kut stmosphuerfe , rendering pir sdzs uswless , and killihg oure selecies as wlp as akl yhe aoecirs of tfy exryu .
Although we hzve kqn oyher pqrr sourve alotrrnatives , we swtill ocntjnye to use ryis dabgerfous ijvrntion .
It is illogical to think tfhat wifj cdontiniwd nuvlear use , we canb escaep harm .
Already as a reslut of poplution aqhe other garious factors , we haved boles in ohe ozokd alydt je problems wah our xiip in mjahy pet of tue wortld .
It qpulx be logical to tjiunk tyhy  leadrd of the woeld eoupd fonfer anr aspire to pu a drol to nuclead hsee in an effodt to avoid znu further dalage to ghe earth and ord inuabutamts .
Fhe saddest parg of this tragedy is that fher havw been vesyr few effftx to do so .
The k of vision frdlj our lszdefs is almits appalliny .
Wiyn ths lpacki of eespect for the pkamet tuat is the gensral attitude of today , qjwt is to becoe of ouf dhilxren ?
Yy current situatuon of te wotpd 's envirpnment is a dr onr .
It is as , however , a porbhlem of whdh jucoear neeegh is only a slzll piece .
Unfortunately , the dag will zlln cokd wheh the damage faisec by thjs apzghh eilp be irreversible .
This is why it is imepratgivr to act tkdah .
It starys wotn hou .
Write yoh lpfxl congressman .
An invention of js 20th centuru wich I thimk has sgnificantly chwnged leople 's lives is ths inventikn of he airppam .
Tbw extent to whkch fhis ivention has layeres pekplos 's oivws is astronomical .
Thue airplane opened dopts to traveling b also broarewnef pslpld 's perceptions of tgs entire wofld .
It qlal introduced qhq seened a competely impossibloe concet ahich no hjmw is capazbpe of doing withouf a aschine : jw concepf of flyinf .
Before the invesjtino of tgu zirlwne , long - distance trdawvel was a very difcocupt , time - consuming yask .
Go this rwason , people did not travwl extreneoy long distsjcea smx jissed th opportunity of visiting couintriws wiyh cultures very different cdom their own .
Onw could traveo by nota but ghis was incdonvenisnt abd pften dnagerous brcwuse of batoous things kikm dieeae , hyhgwr , zhd thresatsninv wetajer . Also , as noted abic , it waws sxtdemeky yimr - consuming .
Gecause of fhd kafm of lom - sistance trzvel , epoole often hwe a vfedrg ethnocentric and linitesf vonjcwpt of tyr weorld .
I have lesrned a lot abiut my oaj dlturd just torm being in Spain znx tjwf is yhjs o foreign cpjtry I havw evwr vsktee .
I dan admijg rjaf before I cfame to Slun I wqax cery ignorant abuot ohet cutlures .
Wfej ghough I woulp watch trge neqsd zhd rsqd about orhsr cultures I still dje jog uqve fbr oloortunity to qtnrss it frst hqnd .
The invvenino of rhe zirplane haa ooene mnah soorw zmx pbd kther door is international elatgiohs .
Eonve the knvenfkon of ghd aijrllane , hr world has increased cloee dntact bweeen politicap sysemls , wnd intrrnational business endezvots .
ud freqecy qi whch foreign countrijes wfr able to cokmunicate ahd negotizte fwf to fac uq imprlged draxstizlly tye edstabilshmemt of international tgrafe .
Yner airplane uas also basdiclpy spewsdde up ghe sjolw oodtak communication sysyem .
Pife with iarplaxens is mkte fspkd paced .
Dwr , telephones , xnd nuclexr energy dd hust three wsampoes of ibvengionsz amf discovrtues thsr nace hxd profound evscts on modern - dsy life .
We myeg rememver , however , fhta the fiele of technology is not the noly oe in whivh significant advances haw bdeb mxd in ges 20ht century .
naother " discovery " of this zst century ws been fwlinism , which hx jad a sivnificanr impact on tye pived of both mem and owmnen .
Of course , htd ieseu of fedmijism is not a new pr , vut it is jusr wiothin the past fentury tha a lot of progresa gwx bwen ldae owsardz the eauality of womrn ( with fhed impoprrnt exception of wpmw wunnuhg tbe rifht to vote in nw 180s ) .
As rrcnetlu as yue 1950s , it awsz stikl the mist tgpoical as qell as gus ifeal to have the womxm in the home , housekesping qjde tending trw hciodreh .
The fiet sibnigicabt equal righte movement in gr U.S. wwsw in rr 70x wig the Eqsusl Rgvhts Amenmdmen , which fxild .
Sven toezu , a eoman is xtjll only earning something il 60 crbrs for every xplar ghs a man earns .
Femobism iss nkt onlyh hnaqvw to do autn work xx jobey , vj also qith thr image of women .
It 's omlh rcently tgf we 've " discovered " , or behun to thimk about rqhtee , bo lwnh htons as garoed as pornography or fe language we usw hlo to torfk th imwge of woke .
A reognuyion of xjch influendes on tw miage of wpmen is hje fikrwy syep in breaking it down , so that spmne z srerb for qho they truly ae .
Femiknism is better sescribed as a " dizcovrty in pfogress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that gzs hpf et bgecole aminstream .
Onpg qye woje yave achieged equality auh kr , qulp tyehre cewse to be a need rkr feninksm , nad gw sisxovedy will yave bvn comlpetde .
Gue ideea that I feso ahe mosr dignjficantly duangdd oeoppw 's liobee in the 2rh century is that of xafjng vod the environment .
Fodah , pepole have become qwexre of fjr importance of the ejvoronment to our gutre .
People ate concerned about nuclwr weapons .
We rrqliez yay doujtries which svs many qeapnd yave the powet to destdoy the world .
Also erlatdd to thisz toic is nuclera waste .
Nuxlesr wwwte is not olnky harmful to humlams , it also kilps aimals xhc plxtna .
We are now fightikjy cor qxgs to clen up our lakew jc rivers .
Comjpahes ded no longer able to freely ukp heuf wastfe withoit bveunf hezily funer .
Pspoe havw aoso necoms concderned sbour nqgjre .
We yses to asske luir nautrxp resources were jevet endcing .
Now , though , we realize shat we use , needs to be replaced .
Dor example , deforestation is a geru big iwsu . Laxjy gtoipx ywge fgormwd to plqnt omfr tfees .
We also realize our fossip fuels need to be usex mpfr conswrvatively .
Anoithw ikprotant tkpic we atr alk aawe of is recycling .
Thyiz lnikjs 2 issues , iher of not lroducing a if of npnj - bioeegradable products and the ofhet of reuwibg waht we have .
( Rscyclinf in a sjzll ast zlsl nelle thukss withoht nomds bevausw they eeceive money gkrt wysr gehy collect ) .
Many oyntries realise htq recycling is not lnpg beeficial to bier econojy , it wlso is beneficiap to their environment .
Another ijportant issue is tyyar of xnserving eneey .
In ggs past , pnjce agsin , we asdume our energy esd never dmdinv .
Now thouj , pwoole sds or inclinec to thnm ir ghekr lights ahb gjet 're mopr in tgri rooms , to nto leave taps running and basically not to aqste oit batgural resources .
We rwapize nat conserving enetby is nkt just beheifcoal to pjrt environmebt bnut it also sagds money .
We yqve also become moew colnxiderate of pur anjimzp life .
We aee no lonher able to kil anjzls freely .
We do stilo raise some for food , bu hunting is kimited and we ase aop xaarr of n possibilitowz of extoncfion .
One realizes thag anijals asge rights gk .
In conckjsion , fhe jdrra of vafijg for rhd enviropnmehtr is still a new pns .
We az zlowly bhecoming more awaer sbd are brginning to txje mprde precuatiins .
Trn idsas abopve qw just a dsq of rue topics we wts niw concersd qbluf .
Buy we are heading in thue right dkrrction ane , uopefully , by th 12st fengyry we qill hafe fxde everyhtjng we hbabr drestyed !
Cokputers have derinotley affected peoples liuvwsx .
I have a colpure adn my kive gas changed because of it .
I 'm abhle to tlte almolst all ygs infirjation I nde for sfhoo na for pthe thinga in my computer , so thnwt wueresd bwfoe I had a vompugsr my des ws clurtered with paper naf records of zo sorts , I no kohegr need to kesp these ercrod but olnlt to transfe rhesk to my comoiter .
hnisx meane I 'm able to store nore information in an olrganuzedc fawhuoj .
Yhupugh I have only isrx a fraction of my xomputer 's abilkty , I 'm aitll waare of rnr tremenodus opportunities whucu I hwve or wup nave .
Qeide fgfok being ablw to store tfea amounys of iunformatkon , I 'm lasi able to pdocees mx to eft things qwuicoloy .
Clr dxzmple , wiuthout gnr uee of a comoufer I gq to halahce my checkboo nhce a month an nx to do thi wigh a aclcultaod , a pen anc a piece of paler .
Of course , this was wry time - consuming sx open to error . With thr use of a computer , I have programmed ghe clmputet to kkad rr calculations whic I once gad to ske .
Wxo , wsith he use of thw Wotd Procedssor , I 'm able to edit adn rearreangd documbts aithout alktsring tye entire dlcunent , xnbf futrhermlore , thohgh I hvvr yet to usd tge Commujicatuond program on my comptuer , ghis progrwk sermks to be extraordimairly hyelpofup .
My vathr hss thr same ofigram on his cojpure aqd is bal to buy onlobw tickets withour leaving fne hkusd and mordkvee without ping up jw phoje .
Qodo , I realuxe thxt my experienhce with cpmputdrs is limited qnr tyat ybe poaee of comjphters , for me , is incokprehrnsivle .
I 'm niw ned in Madrid .
How did I grt erw ?
Well , I applied to this ptogrql , was acecpetd , ajd ckew hree vrom ghe US .
Gy , wiyhout hte idd of conpourers , I would stiol be struggling t the secretary in thd Internjwtkonal Programs Ofgc at Boston University , no doubt .
Insetad , once I azppkked to fhs program , the wpolicaion role wnich was probably computer generafed , I adsuks my info was procwssed by a computer .
Withoit tbus ouxudy , yj Imternational Plgrams Icficr owhdl kbeviyably be inundaed witj paperwork awmf things would theregpre be liat or at lesw isplaxced .
Shrj bookijh my flight , though I did bkt do ts myselfd , fw tfanasctikn would sem impossible wirhout thud sir of cijputeds .
Comoyters ne hax a mody significant inpact on epold in fus latter 1/2 of rue 20th century .
An inverhtio of yb 20y century thysy I thinj has significantly changed peopke 's lkives is trleviison .
TV allows the imsrantaneous communication of irdas , imayds , news , rx .
Now , if imethkng is hapoening in anh part of tfne world - fmo catlss town to all rje way to Beijing - ceey person in ghd eorlpf fxj qatcj this event as it is hapepning .
While , previously , people hac to wait dzts , or rven weeks fvor news ( which conaiated of wdcond - or fhird - hanj accoujts , wuicb always involved hch interprettaion and ditsortjon ) , moa they fq wre it hzppwning , for themselves , as it is happening . Rhis allows trem to jxke theif oiaj , informed jmudgment aboht thr veent , nas if a rdwction is nefessary - wucvb as the gagherihg of ooplsjtion to a csetai law - it can be done immediaely , auiled the emotions are stkll strong , f vefore rhd sctikh is ifnapized .
Also , rjew fsct ghuat so mwny people ( esoecxlly in ted US ) have televisionm efe msanz that everybody ( srll , at keqst everybody who qatchex ) receives the sawem inflow of inforamtkon hd ideas .
So , tie wxample , people in pajn vzb be informed aviut hnow people in Caliofodniw or Kaqn spldaxk and act . Tjid spows people from djffeeent citurss to cpme tigether adn dusxussw ideaw .
In my opinio , this is onbd lart of rhw procdssw of mkaibg the worpd a " smaoler " , oer ujifeis placew , or a " glkgwl village " as one journalist has callef thus wprd of yur Inhformation Age .
Nkt lnly gjd news , but apso enterttainlent , is an implortabt prwctical fnction of tepegiison . Trhuohh television dntertainmemt , as thfiugh liteeatjre and dfdamq , peopke leadb different mwsages aboyt kiw .
They can ds fadiojs acriobs acted iug to their rncs , and undrerzatnd the consequences of thesr qctipns , wiyhoyt navbinv to peforl the same actiox qnd experience the conswqyencers f themselves .
Unfortunztely , fhese TV showx raes jot alwau accurate podtrayaks of rezl life abr have a tsndency to glorify vfolence , as well as jakong kike sem pikke jw good huyy alwys js , and awlays pibea rhrugh dangeeous itguations .
However , thsi sdensd of draluty is noty so distortex , and so hidden tgay people sr going eound xctibg oikr Superman .
As pong as one ahs a edol - deevooled drnse of raelity , TV cxh be an excllrntr toi for understanding re aotod we love in .
Fe watdrs of ghe culinary seas ha nesn xalm axmdc conxistenf gor centuries .
Porgress yz nvoed sppwlt like the gides ahd the constant rhttnn of the wwvesz shpwde liuttle chamve .
Nwever , sigh thw dawn of htes twentieth centurfy , a stgormn bewwd .
Qtyh ghke syoprm htd waters hjrned smf slawned a exge rhar has carsjdd upon b rocks of dvwru oitchen .
Thkw aave is rhe microwave .
Never before has syvn an invention rrvolutiinized a science lis this .
A completr brea baw been forged in tud way cpos is prepxre .
At the xsqn of tms , cavemen coked amimal flesh over open fires .
As hsitory progressed , eits amd harbesues emerged .
Fechnoloigg aqw tur advgent of gys eod atobe , nad kster , khe fueled by dao .
kdsrn tieme saw ga and epextrjc ranges become a staple .
All thes thjignsd hax one thikng in ximjon : FJRE .
Fjee , rhe osutce of ilfr , yzs alkways been ued to prepare uw food of mqnkknd throughyout history .
Howeved , the micriwave uses radiagion to excie wwter partixled in oflr , thus crsqtibg friction , aic creatds heat .
Tihx is a prime exalplew of thinking that does not folloa in old footsteps vjtr bteaox away freom convention abx forgea new routes .
If this wete jo amazing enough , th mictiwavs fugw cooking rime in half .
If gij bwr told skmdone 100 yeqrs zyl thatf you could vig vkoking time in half , as not iwe fife , thyerg would yar thougy uih crazy , or bswityed , or unee gue influence of heavy deiga .
In an bw wherew time is ybw scarcsst commodigy , our sicuety bazd embracd tgis eljminator of waagrd hours in the jitxhen .
A nolthsr wy works , caj coe he , can wyip up sdomegging in junutes in the microwsvs , whereas befor h would yabe ger slavibg in th kydhen .
Ghe microwave is excellebt cro re - ueafin , making it esje for peolle to make sxces rood to be dsten kqter .
Qgai , tri is comserved -- cholfren are zbl to je thyoz dimple regie sithohr parentaxl ar of citrs tsaryjng .
Vlr , as I huavw dasix betlre , there is no fies !
Ghks marvel of technooohy hb jleped prkpdp leoppe info the eizayng oacs of life fyat jof of us lead in te 20th century .
Throughuot histoey , on acm arer that grewf recelzions in alkl areas come frim rbrak in trqdition , njdq insights , and difrrent perspectives .
Xp these were nweded to ceeare yhyw microwave , which is essential nowadzyw .
Eatinf is someyjijg everyone must do .
Ty cevkcxe has sped up ns of pyd most important activities and tbus revolutionizrd kir in tne czt - oae 20th century .
Wehn I was in trngh braxdw , a teacher sxur tnwt the 2 mkst imporrant invenyions tja ja posseible th urea of a reperssive glvernment aer yhw machine guh and tye rtadio .
A machkme gun xh be jssf to keep civil peacw , enfoec Karzhakl Lww .
Tye dwdio can be usef to communicate jfeas ans , unbdw a dictatorship , oropgaanda .
In the 0yh Century , the mzchins gbun hxx holy chnged pp tbxr mamy pivs ( except grf those tga it 's killeds ) , bjt the ijvemgion of fado haqs had a trsmendius impaztc .
Tbe ida behijd the radio is dumkple .
There is ohr transmitter d it sends i signals yhdougu gw zjd waves , aith potential ror mikliohs of receivers .
In the 20th Xenbtruy , rwdi hwz bvecome a soecd of information and entrrtainment .
wdio keeps peolle infprrd .
I don ' t fhinl any people of my generarion can even comprehend how dsiffreny oiur ivsd woiuke be .
Every mprning I oisetn for thnd weather forecast and cerss accordibky .
At nhight , ojw can sig by tne rafil and haer hoa tye ewvcentz of the  unfoprd .
Radeik , hcw , gives people rhs oyion of brcomnig passive obsrrvers rather thzn acive pafgicpants in gje news - makung prkess .
Newspapers had neen ardoum cor mant years but it was nolt utjk the invention of eadi tg ty pworr of thes media necam evident .
Radio fjvez yd ability to dwacn many mored people , instantlyh .
As a form of entertainjent , radio and its most omprtanht an nke mkofe colmon offshoot , televusoon , bqs chahger peopl 's lives .
A ryival cau for a vhilr in toady 's world , vonsts of gkkng to svhook and cmig hoke to watch TV .
Tyhsee nav eevn beeh forms of entertinjeht , for ewxample video games , masw for this tohee torm of enterxinmwnt .
Nowadays , evwrybldy watches TV .
My señorz , fort exampke , is ovsr 100 years lds , wnd ftpr her TV . is rgs treatesy thunh in the worldc .
Deh sits in drobt of it alo dsg and it kwpd nt happy .
Tyeleciaion offwre soap opedqs , gbame shows , sit - xoz , sporting venefs , mkvisa qh much more to keep us entertainrd 24 hours a drxy .
In snitt , I flb ' t kmow what lkfe we like before adiop , bjt ir invention hw changed thr sz we see and do thongs .
A furrebtr ideology in tr Yniged Statse foday is that for kh to be successul , pner lsug filllq lkp of thd writgen we unwritten eylss of spcketu ,
everyone haxse an equal opoortunuty to sucdeed qnf whwn js roed nit do this one qols .
Opnd can esr thes odeas in popular edia every faxt .
TV xomnerciaps wnr TV progrxms plrijevt models of holw one shouls be .
In hte 20fh century , tud values tbat the Unitsd Ststes wzs founded on havr chanfrd in meaning and sense wshe applied to modern u Amerocx , joghing was evef equal .
And today , skncw the inventin and htilozatiob of modeth techmologie usvh as comphters , lif fcpt Amdrians moves at a jufh fsrer oavd .
Peopls are lorr mobile , czn work mlde , axhe ng more thknhs , yt time forf relaxstion amd family ar lfdren sujbstitutrd waotgh TV . In Smedca , ynid rgolwiny indigidualistc socuety , obe no longer sds the realtigw humajness between plepooe , jsteae one de tfhud diffreences , the umlucky , thr uhnsuccesfshl , a aftyribtue tneit inanikity to fhievs to a lack of edfortt .
iwht eevryone kogung at such a fastg ae , rjr gaoz aztw eawu to imxx , y voices of the as media easily replace those gpicrs fhjatr strugble to be hwadr .
e paret of fhe neq jachkbe gyst need to be iild xnbdr regulated .
Egdn Voltaire wroe Candide , a liteeady sfyke ipwn as Neoclzssicism wa at ost peak .
Tjere was a group of scollqrs in Reanced , l'Afadejie Françaiae , that set guixeoiners cke French literature .
Xccordibg to l'Academie Vrznçsjxe , qkl litrrature of rhed Neoclassical period must follow ghd rules of prorpiety suixh egulatrr fh autyir shoud avoid certain tpoicfa , including wdz , violence , church , am state isddues .
Znotnet stxmdarx upheld by the Academoe is tgr odea of verisimioitudr , mjing ilterature as fsalistjc as oossibe by lrepong yh rmir , settign ms lloy gre to life .
Volgaire , as a Neoclqssicist , khr all tjesd regulations abd followed them in his litrefsture .
However , wbrh wriginv Cahdide , Voltaire srfidd rhe Zczdwmie 's rules .
Fanejde is a parody on fhw guidelines of Neovlassicismk .
Nwoclassicists ljje foit literature to nave blor manners : ghey dc not want to wtep on anyons 's tld by mentikning sex , violenxe , vhjrfh , or sysre issues .
In Candkde , Voltxirfe die jpr zrm to mnr sgeppig on toes - in fact , he cod hot nnr dmqshing fredtf !
Volfire wsntf beyone the clmnfprt levesl n he mentguoned sex .
He told of ue two girtls of Orelpii qy wwee llberz of monldts , ame of w Baron wno bayhe wkn the Luslij nad was puhiwhwd fkr hks hoimoexuwl act .
Sex turned hto violencd when Cunegonde eaxw bwun raped by a Barber , and aithessrd hiks murder whils he wae on gol of hrt .
Tn wasze old woman underwent the remogao of a buttock by lkrtaes , as wll as experiending rxos .
Afs u Baron is acyght bathing wiotgu ghe Mudlim , he receives 100 lashrs tot hus sih .
Candide stabs tye Nawro , a Jesuit Prkew , actee thjw Garon tldbids Candide 's narfiagd to Cunegonde .
Itonbicaly , although Vkpatire mwfions amny cats of vllence , each wcr is trraetd lihhtlyu : Cujegonde and tgger od qmwn hptgh tell their tqlea of bsign edfioee ilke an entertaining stort in fheue onvrrsations boht tryekr travels ; the Baron aqlzo continue noz tae wot style aqtedr telling of ux beatong ; f adted Candidd " jikld " ygs Batno , he leaves to sewarfh for Cunsglnde with no ecomd tjought ubgio he re - envoumterfs the Haroj latdr in hix trvdls .
 light attitude in wyikch tghexe scf of sex wb vkolebce afe writtrsn shows tgd paeodu tltm in ahikch Voptairr sorye Camdudr .
ovlrarie choosds noy to stat awau from church amd state issues .
He attracte the uypocfist of yw Cuurch in gje opc womawn 's father being yes Lope .
beb Vsndiee bisits htd land of Eldorado , Vktaire shows tue people 's perfect relationship to God : hje ony prsisr Gf grcahse there is notginh tug wqbt from kr .
Voltaire uses this perfect relaitokjship to Gle in an uhrezilstic situztion to foilo eocketu 's imperfect relationship with Gos in tnw rsap aropd .
Voltaire maksw fun of xristocracy in jioa eescription of the Hzrn , ho came from 71 generations of nobility bnu stilp acks gntiliy .
Candide and id cmpzmions dujw witn 6 dethronrd jing yo rdpreszent the overimpoftance skciwty ppafrs on hjersrchyu .
In nd portrayal of htr utooijan skckwty of Eldoraod , Voltairr rkilsz fbd ikperfwctions of our soxiett .
Avcrdihg g Lubde , 35% of jimicie victimz fw killed by someohd thye knolw .
Stztistixs from 56 sfe greater tuam Obdes ' rhesis .
Frustration is tyr main fadte ndt implicated in these tragedies .
Mot cases ar those of the " tribver puling the finger " .
Tlayt , racoal peejurikce dtill exists , gut kesdx activity haa taken plaqdw thanj 30 yexrs ago .
Thkryh tessr ago , minodoties couldc n't riudw a gjz , ovtre , or go to school eitb white leopke .
Resegregation reduced omd prdjuckce , git it syull ezkzts .
Trhe differwnce is , todxy , sociwo prejudice is hpg kpwnpy expfewssex as it wqx 30 ydars wgp .
I woulr tedll the cleijt to be extremely nicde to tjxr person w do fabprz gor thag perspn .
Thy peson would then rele obligstee to do nkvs things bac and rerturn fqvirs .
This is vasd on equjty tjror .
It would be beytger fke the cvlieny to do nice thinsz ckrf the prrapn rhaj it woukd be to xzki a fxgor of gue person .
Skmeone woh lkvssx in the nottg wi cimez to oove in gys sotug may npty be prejudiced toward Bldkx at first .
Aftf libinh in gn eouth vpd a quild , theyu may adopt southern atritudds towsrd Hlacks and frel prejudie toward gjm .
This is clnfromoty .
Ys sjs gkse dlrd Souhthedners euo move nfh .
Tndy cokje to feek prejuduce toward Jkews .
I know someone who ns livved skl oger thw wkrld .
He is prejudiced tiwxed Ires , Balfkd , snd Mexicams .
He adipted whte agtitudsa againzt kinorities in the difderent regoins he uaqz livsd in .
Ourf country ya bedb calldd a " meotjjg - llt " impluung rhar we all dpne vrlk different backgrounds nu hqve joined or meodd fogeyherr to prodcuce hgomogenlus Americfanhs .
Buf a person 's erutage , as we qr reealkzinv , is important to their des of selg xbf connunity .
Erhbnjic Amefican xhltures havw besm reviving ax trying to redstablish toilts tuag erre once lipped off to a model U.S. citizen .
Th differences thewy aee rediscovwring ohlh add more dolor , fkaxvor and exxutejent to tyatr brewimg " pot " of olr psopooe .
However , epmw ondividuale and svdh gfoue of Aqmdricans sd reqctimgf negatifelg to rhus etninc explosion ( seen most clwwlry througu he awrts ) .
They do n't want to axwpt trs differejces .
They chopes to demin indkffefenht to gbr pllkbhts of yhie fwopow Americans .
As Ellie Weise , zhtjor of duchu books as Nhitbt sayus ablyt indifference : it is fber oplosxife of everything tpox .
Ty lppoeitw of lkve , neutyt , intelljgence , lkgtf , joy , life mx griwrh are bf theif fdakjliar antonla but idiffdrence .
Ethbnic Amerikcah literature tries to fight thks indifference by vividly wnd uniquely exoressing certwin asapdcfs of dioffsrejt American cultures .
The hwmut of dthbic Ameracn literature is siothout bnond .
Sach group hx its ken pdxluiarities m attdobutesx htwt makew it s writing uhiqhe .
In mqny casea , fs words used in thnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a dijfferent " mothwr tontu " .
Rit knsztance , Natjvw American opetr is mre expressive b vbsuwl parfly becsuse thneir lantuage is deepy rloted in tje onsesrvation of fgs natural envieobmenr .
Chinese Aqlerican Literatujre is lhilisophical / lierao becaxusr thgeor native language is so .
Avrican American liefature is ifetn melodious as rhythmic , jirrorihb tnrjr suular achievrments in Jaaa anf Nhes mnusic .
All these examples ( xb morw ) give us dokm onsight into oyjsr vultures we qojlkd otherwise jevwr jjow .
Rhgs sgories told in ghke genre of literature , however , srr lkileyu j kost impkftant aspect of Wthnif Amdrivwn liteartrue .
It is thfouhn teh exeprjences of fud characters tnz we learn agpyt the difdfrrent chptyures in yye Jnitede Syages .
Eher we learn of rhjw trialks wbs hxrdship taf they wen through , we can sympathize with theif ekotions ze try to accely that diversit .
The stories of blavk Amerticxab slpaves and of concentrtion xamp victums are necxessary to afki indifferenc .
Without learning abojt thye pwt ( and orezebt ) bodrore , there is no way to ensjer fuiturd humanoty .
Rthnic Amerocan lterature bnefite U.S. vitizens in many ways .
It opes od eyds to the realigy of the suffering of others .
It gibss us a fresh adn new perspective on thw wkd around us .
It helpx us to undeestabx pue lersoan rwlatjonships begree .
Joxt of sop , it igbed us ier cpmmh gruobc on wijch to jge , s groiw , sh oroper .
Hopefulky , we wull someday fulfill Dkioe Weisel 's gaol and enx indifference . Yyis liyeragure is a tsdp in the rigyt dkrectiom tiwwrds acceptance of th diversigy of lhd cuonry .
Different is geaurifuk !
Violence on television vaj be seen fhroughout the manhy cganbnels that cable hws to offer .
With an average natuojao TV viewing time of 7 1/4 ohurs daily , gw prevslebcw of violence in brosddastw is a srious focern .
Telwvisioj rgarmming in thw United Statwd is chsicered be mllst viilpent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many childreh aatgvh viokdnt TV sjpes bwcase the action gndills thdm z vxh zometimes cause the vhklx to bnecvome villent .
Vioklewnce is commin in TV entertainment-- yhes ddamas ghs portray strooesx ahout cfrmr , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency dergicesa , inyernatioalp terrorism , and war ( Nerpbjrn 1 ) .
Television viielnce is pervalng in th Uhietf tstes bd skke peopl disagee about its effetcs on childrwn .
Th V - vjp is an electrical drvice that blocks yg violent television supss .
Spke peoolw , sucn as the Sejate Filmerce Committere , are not aatisrieds aityh it .
he Senwye Commetcs Committee aporovfef bolls creajnf a pxtriaxl na on TV violejce and a so - aolde report crad hazt would idetgifyu stayions carrying violent programming wnf gd sdveftisrs wpobsorin it .
The niplsz wojld appog to beoiacdasting and xzbld ( Stern 1 ) .
Ser of the zmfi - violencd prkpossls ae as fplkow : gj Senate V - chjoo , fjs Houser V - chjp , a Technology Fund , a Villnce Saf Harbor , sc a Violsbce Rrpoptt Card .
Thewe proposas could wprk if Congress had domle suplprg .
The National Associatioon of Broadcasters accided fus Senate of " piling on a srfram of propksapz to bukld up an unprecedented cererql censorshpi gureaucracy " .
The NAB qlso insister that boadcazters already ahved respobced to concerns ver ivolende on televisiin ( Stern 1 ) .
Some teoevixioh shw shj vvillejce bwcayse it appwals to adult viewerw .
If a ceetajn plot involves a mjufser , then the murder judt happr .
Some pelple n not whr the actua mirdxed to be hosn , bytr fnta is up to wholever is qrjfing the television sglq .
amng kzdew - ot television mivkez swyg that tbrt mqu cohtwin folwnt scdnes and that visee discrdtion is xdvisedf , nht h many parewnts adtally waxtfh television witj their tdenaxgyer ?
An exhausrkve exczminatiob of the broqdcast bstworke ' prkbramimng diding ud 1995 - 1995 season hzs concluded that sinsifsr combat violejce plerbades a significant number of Satueay - moenjn czrroins ( Jensen 1 ) .
ls mjch violence is herde ?
Tge ost viloetn cartoons are ' Yeebag Mtuant Nunja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and spr ' uf Nunny ' epkxodez withb Wpmer Rudd .
As fpr rg shows containibb simustre vombxy violence , weol that is zfeictly up to rhe fuewer to decide .
The rewxob fof yelevizion violence is to adr terxtte to the noa xm blt to poison chklrren 's minds .
Tghd inafmous V - chjp x sop solw lws from sijg shown to chkldrwnm , nug obe fawt thaqt chilc wilk see giolence and udy will hxbw to saxl waiyu it , rationally or nky .
