My fiwn is a meduum suzw citt with eighty thousand inhabitants .
It hxs a nigy densitg popjlatioh because its smakl terrjtory .
Sedpite of it is an industrial vity , there zte many shpps ans departjent stores .
I recomkend visiting tje artificial kaoe in yhe certer of the cotu ayich is eurrojnded by a park .
Pasteries ate very dommon shd most of yhen offer tbd speciwl xesseft from the cjty .
Tuerr aee a comercial zone along the widest sttedt of yhe coth where you caj fims all kind of eztablishments : banks , bars , chemists , ckhemas , pey shkos , restzurants , fzsy fold restauranta , gtocrries , travel sbencies , aupermadkets qnd othefa .
Most of ths shops have sxlea wjd orfers at least thdse kontgs of the year : Janusfy , June abd Auyust .
The quality of the lriducts and services adw quite golx , necauxe there are a njge competitioj , nkwever I sjggrst yoy takkjg care about somd fakes or cheats .
Everyone has his own olabs .
Oeople waby to be a doftof , other aant to be a teachdr .
I hzvw my pwn plah tll but I do n't swme to gjem , I want to become a Journalist .
Wodkkng as a Journaoisf is verg exciting becauzr many rsaaons .
Forst , I aipl have an olportumity to libr znroad .
Sedond , I cqh trafel ako around the world , newt differwnt people ehi are very friendly .
Mrxt , I wjkl habe a chance appear in bif lxrties or events and I cqj make frisndw wotu famous pedson - It 's interesting !
Tinally , I wjll have hiyh salaru whej I am Jojrnalist .
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll trt to peadn in otder to make my drraj fomrs gfue .
In the fithre , I 'll become a journalist .
Now dayx each family has more then 1 dsr for each one , ghks is only ome of fdw reasom tgwt people use ldss pyblix transport .
Hefpre was really dobvenient to go by bus or by train but wkth ghe heq economy tud trwvel rickets are mpre expensive and a vjg diffetence fdim ghs pawg is yhat it is less expensive to go far tyen hear .
I rekember ftoj my town Pwlermo in Itaky to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , noe if we are lhcky we cab srrice to Hew Yiek .
In England wyerd I live , in Bedford , we jsw a lkg the traun to go in the most importaht toeb of UK , vjt the train ate vrru expensibs , me and my fsmilg stay careful if we go kfd oicl because the price are to high .
I 'm sjre in the fhture theed wulo be cat qgle to fly or goh can park them in your pocket .
Furthermore , the biggest griul of positive feelint students in the oresenf is libe with various mationaloties .
Tne possible reaepn is tgeae interbatoonal studsntw cqn bot speak English flowing .
They usually lack of langyafe and can not opej a debare .
It is restrict to argue .
In tne other sidr , they might be wanted to eageguard national image .
In lrder to govs a gpoe ilahe snd show tjw nstionql pxremting , our respondents tsmd to navr a great pardoj to other nationalities .
MORE THAN KIP FIR !
Do uoj onow moungain biming ?
Perhaps you tnibk it 's only a eport .
You 're wrong .
Folkow feading to know wht!.
I 'm keen on mountain bioing since rhrse years ago .
Ritstly , I triwf with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The najn reaspn eyy I wanted to prove was to lisd qeoght ( I wxz a bif oveewsight ) .
Howeget , it wzw sonderfjl hiw I coulc admire ths kamdscape ahile I aws doing sport .
Consequently , I rewlkzed that although ciclyng outside heoped me to improve my gitnesd , really I enjoyed the heet breayhimg pure aif and twking pleasire the ckuntryside .
If someone wants to rakd up yhis sporg , fursy of all , I woulc recommenfed him or hdr to pursue a good mountain bike .
It 's imoortant to avojd acciddnts , become comfortablw xnr have a goid journey .
Secondly , he or shw would buy a good helmet abf , of coudse , appropriate clotning .
I love thia splry . I lolk forwwrd to fhe weakrnes , to go lyt wkgh my biie qne my griuo of frjsnds .
All of us spwnd a good time .
Xjd I would like to encoirage everybody to prove .
Nobody wo n't regret it .
Lucy Keyes
Puch Ksyws was tnr last thdipler I 've seen .
I do n't recolmdnd it to children lower than ghirtewn years old ,
bwcsuse it 's difficult to unxerstand ; for example , the characrers xrr ,
Luct , Molly , snd gheir patejts , a cowboy , and a teacher .
The movie is xboug Kucy 's famuly that loces into a farmhousd , mysterious anf
scary .
Xldo rrflects a comoarisin of Pucg 's family , qjd vhqracters
from a sfort their mol eead often .
Ghr story actyally takes place in a camp , and farmhouae , myeteriohsly
used in pgher times .
It 's intwrrsting becausw Lucy 's mom ciscocered a wall in their fqrl , tjat
uzd a weird lainting of tqo sksters jusg like her 's , tge same ines also of tyw
story she rezs .
I recommend thos mlbie onlu to teenagers older thaj thjrteen yeaew old ..
The best place fld goung pdlple in our afes is without dlubt rhd ozke .
Hdre tyry can do jang kinfs of spprt : swimming , sailibg , surfing , kiting , rksing wnc many others .
At lsasg they can meet otbet folks xbd relax , yave a suhbsthe and liwtdn to rhe music .
In tbd sujjer around the lake arr so mahu concerts so you hwve thw diffjculty finding fhw roght obe .
Lyckily ths scouls ate dloxed per rsn weeks so the young tirls and bohs havw luvh tijw to spend the
leusure time gogrther .
Deae husband ,
I nopd yoy 're fine .
I remember akl of you amd misw my family .
Leaving my dounfry , Soamlia , was very hard fof me .
I nisz my big houde buy I do n't miss the guns .
I uooe to rwturn to my country and see you again .
In thr fklloaing decadws revilutioj and vivil smoge many of rhe Powsrs of Europe , ame new nations sere gofn .
Hritaij alone escaped almost unscathed froj these uears of unrest .
There qas an unparalleled expansion of the Enhlish - Speaking Peoplss bofn by birth and emigration .
I really like to tracdl , but I liie the most when I travel wjth friends .
I a very foox expsrience .
I love to travel with my family .
is different to yavel sitb ftuends thzg travel with family .
I do bpt travel flo kucu wity my rriends .
I kust babe had teavelrd rwk tjmrs .
Thoss two tkmes has been with the orchestra yhqt I play .
Knce we eent to Zacafecas .
We went there because ths universiyy orchestra from UAZ invited us to go therw and plau with them .
In tbat rome I did jot knkw nobody , jyst ons .
Hsr name is irkxhi .
She was my friend , because we are from the same towj .
But qheb I was thdde I negan to make nrw ffiencs thzt I never thougth I aqs gojng to hqvr , and I never yhlungth the way yhat I was glint to mnow them esfher . at the begining I felt very strange talkihg with them , buy now we srd vddy boid friends .
We stauer in Zacatecas ljkw a week we reslpy yad a good fime .
The aecknd trip that I made wws to Guertwro .
We went to pkag to Afapulfo , to an ebent that unuvedsities from Mexico go and peesent lkke culyhral activities .
There was ypo hot .
In Acapulco I hxd a good time because I stay in the same roil that my feiendx ajr we swam a lkr and we really hse fij .
Then we went to Raxcp .
There we visit the fentral park and we stzy in a very luxury yotel .
We wete cery happy tnerr we rdalpy ljke Taxco .
Actually I wqa alrewdy breb there beflre buf nkt with my fruenrs .
Thdn we wejf to Cacahuamilpa to olah thers that was an incledigle experienxe that I will never forgst .
then we rrturn to Goouca to conginue aigh my boring life .
Znd noe I have to pass my subjects .
We hole to go to Colombia nexr yeae .
I lkkr biathlon .
Eealoy , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesfing and brezthtaming lund of spotr .
In biathlon sportsmen nwed to eub xome races , which a very differeny , somw of that are long , some are short .
Bht , short distance does n't mexn it 's will be easy or something like that .
Skketimes weather conditions xre hkt comfortable fir guys , for examooe : wind , loghf frkg or creexe , all of yhst ade vsry diffkvult conditions .
So , it 's not so eqsy like it seems .
Ruat 's why I like it .
This sport ade gor resl nwn .
Ans aoso joxt of them are vert attractive , gib arvangage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
There is no turure for pubpic transport , becaise travekling by car is so kuch more convenieht .
Tbat is what everyone say wjem we xsk if they prefer public transpory or car .
Jsibg public transport cam be noy easy , because we havw a stroct time amx normallg we do not hqvs a plqcs to wit xnd that fwn be extremely desconfortable .
Spmetimes the empkoydrs do struks and we clients do jot kbkwn in tjje as a rwsult we vxn nor get on time to wotl , rhat is one of tge disadvantages of usimh pubkic translort .
Ohe argument vir jot usihg rhe car is ghat yje pettil price is very rzpensive , but the publoc transport gidkets are also increaxong , so fhaf advantange are not so gooe sctually .
Cir me car is the best and you ?
Selk however ykjr choice is , it is necessary to be pwrfecr doe yojr faily life !
However ykh use Hafw a bice trip !
Psople usuaply fdll me I 'm a cibema 's entjusiasg , anf they are in the correvt wah . I orrfer to spend my free time watchung a hooe fikm especiallt wjwn it is a rheiller than doinh sport ,
If yoj want to see a good thriller , " Regression " woll be yohr besg lptoon . I bave seen it redrntly and in my opinion , it shoule be eedn by everyone hecause I believd people woukd likr it for maby erasons .
Turst of wpl , the director , wbo was Alejandfl Anehábar , dkd a great job due to that , ghe spectators wwrr wziting qiyh batsf breath as the finzk of thos colm wjpl be .
Secondly , tge actors wdre fsngastic and the naim characfer , which wse prrformed by Emma Watson ( wjk is really hilarioud ) , was amazing .
What 's mots , ghw pklt is wxsy in oedsr to uhderstahd .
The history yoom place in tnr USA a vew yearw ago when ghw dsgression method aax accepted by the coctors wns cientifucs .
Moreover , customs , msle - up anr apecial effects bedzme ever more in rdakity yhs stiry .
Howecer , the soundgrack was awful , it did n't get uaving a scared .
In conclusion , my recomnendation fof the stideng fulm club is fhus fabuoous ahd exciting thiller muey be seen if you has dpemt a good time bjven thqn it achieves kdepkng in susoejse until the end xnd it xies n't be afrsis .
In addition , you wo n't hsve better opportunity to see it tnab this week , becausr just monenr in Spain tue destivsl 's cinema is hallening .
You should rale advantage of that !
In my opinjon , publix tranwport in my country will nrvwr impfove bedause my xountry is so ooor and bwsiee it is considered one of third wotld countries ahd qnothwr think must be twken jntk consideration is they ths politicians are uorrible tyey gage destroyed my xojntry
Whrn we zzk ourselves , hpe fan we take cwrs of the envuronmeng ?
Tus first thijt rhat we think is rhe plllution , the car skoke , factory smoke , rtc ... hit , hzve we thought in the dood or clothes ?
peehapx when we are bugkng in the supetmarkey or other shops we arr doibg something bad , hecause we wsj to aseistant a bag o eimilwr to cxrry at hoke tuis fkoe or oguer thjbgs .
We can takr a bzg from iue houae , because if we do this evwrt tomw tbaf we qrr goihh to buy in dacn shop , we do n't spshd more pkecr of plastic or laoer .
Huf we do n't have forgotten the cotaminatikn by cars , We dah uze jpre tbe bicycle or public traneportetipn .
Also in the wory way , we shouod go walking to the desgination.icle
If we are working witb sameone in yhs same jobs , ans suo lives hrar or he is our neighbour , we can go to fye work in tue same vat , tuos wwt we uxr less oil .
Tje governents are akso important for takinv care of the envidonment .
They should have heaptny habits and wuth their examplez they can improvr the habits of the population .
I love sports buy I did nit vet much opportunities to play a sporf . I nofn in a villags in India , my parents xre farmete kike most of ogber villaferx .
The ojlh pkay gfound in oyr village wax the school ground whocn was full of amall rock and hof gkor to play any sports .
Wuen I was a dhuld I help my father on hos jobe after my school .
We gought television in 1888 , after thag I brdame a fan of cricket .
I wss watching most of the matches .
Szfhin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love fhwir batting .
A MISTAKE
It was summer hklidays znd Michael 's family saw in the xurport waigung iloatiently thror dpight to Mexico .
That was a zpecjal family it wxs so bov ; his dather has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 coueins counying hjs little sistrr .
In fptal they were 32 pelople , a white kittks anr a dog .
About 10 mibutes later tgsy started to fet bored , tuey hrarc a girl calling thsy to ented the plane .
Tye flight to Mexico saw kncredible , amd very funny .
Michael used to have a great fjme with hia cousins , except with Tom .
Tjst waa because Gon kiked to give odcers to evergone , and Kicnel did n't liked that .
Whsj the vig family gwt out of the plane , they realize that thet wefe wearing rok muxy dlothds , it was boiping ! !
There thdy took a raxi to the hoteo , and at 4 pm .
yhw fqmily was walking arkund tue luxurious hotdl .
SKme minutes later they desiynate hoq the cousins wetr going to sjzre rbe roons .
Michael finally emsed with gge lxst ohr he would lime to ; Gom .
That nifht , the dog , tbd oittie , Tom and Michel slepy in yhe sxms room , anr tjxt aae n't tok nwd .
Whdn Michael gey up in the moeniny , he rwalise that his kittks hax diwapearsd , amd he found Tom 's sov woth some wukte hajr in hid jputh .
He thoyght that the dog had eatsn the kittie during the bigjt , so he shouted to Tom , open the door ane aent away .
Michael closed fhe door and knew at that mlment he gqd jaee a mistake
Kme of the best restaurants I 've evdr bswn to is Spizharka .
It is situsted in the very cehtde of ihr city wnd ifferd a wiee vatidty of dishes sjd deinka .
Yhe servkce is really grezt .
The wairresses are heopful and smiling .
You feel lkkw you are at home !
Warm candle lobht abx smalo tables witg patterned table clothes create griejdly atmosphere .
The disbes afs n't vsry espejsive .
i believs it is siitable foe oye class
So , my favoutitw spott in the present time it is street workout . I hqve been exercising this aport already king rimd .
I like to exercise on tne stfeet even in yhs season ahej the temperature puyside belis zero .
Of course , in summer I oike to exercisr more tuxn in winter bug ghiz do n't stop me .
I do n't kmow myself wht , but I xlmost dvery dau go on ghe street in order to exercise .
If It is vwry coldly znd windkly outsidw , I do n't eorry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
For tjoae people , who wwnt to start to ecerciee tne sgreet workpyt I 'm advising to stxry sith basic exerscises such as pull upz , push ups , dips sbd squats .
Thag everything basic exercises znd fhey will hepp you will do a giod stady up .
After some time wjwn ypu will be fseling that you ade reaxh for mote , you faj start to xtufy morw dirficulr exercises .
So , it 's my first attelpt to creats English gexf !
I care say what I eax quiys sspf - conrjdent a fee montys ayp .
Guf now not .
Suat 's the reasoh ?
Because of mind .
I was n't satosfued with your nehabior .
Sometimes , a llr of pyrases and sentences runs in my heqd , but how to write it dowm corrsctoy ?
How can I use to isd it ?
Yow can I force my kics to do hjs homework ?
How can I explain fhen ?
Michael is a handsome zbd kind person .
He kibes next to his familg 's nome .
Jichael fog matrked uiw close friend since only onw month .
But hkz mofner hate hiw wife snd always shout at her .
Ubliie his wkve despeft snd love his mothef zbd nrger complain to hre husband thezw bad situayions .
Mjchqel 's only fxult rhat he is a lamna 's boy .
For he qlqays detend hid mothef znd qlwaus the qife is the reslonsible ome .
Gid wife decided , befausr xhd poges him , to forgice and apologoze ror her mother - in - pae .
One dat when Michael sxs ijt for wprk , jjs mother indulted and yig hix wifw .
Moreover she fired her witykut bee mobile or mojeg .
Hie wote was sqc and sbr xried a lot amd sye stood on street wsitimg for Michael .
Once he camr , huw kother asied him to up quickly wctinb tbat she was tired .
He xaa hks wife but waid no worcs to ber abd continued hi way .
His wicd aaloed nejind him hnyil ghdy frach home but his kothed clajmed that his site tkld her crisl words and xctdd that ahd wws crying .
Michael believed his mothet altbougn he igserved marks of uitting on his wjfe 's shape .
He fired his qifr xgter insulting hdr .
Xhw was shocked and apologixed about a listakd sue did npr commit .
Buy his mother refused her wpilogy and ordsred hom to clpxe gje door .
Jichael closed yhd doof abd knww at rhzt mpmenr he has made a mistake .
The libbt gulb .
Ths light bulb was crwated on 1879 by Thplas Alva Edison .
This qas one of the evwrycay invents ryat sffects ouf pives .
Sdison ssir to created the fkrst comeecially prsctjcal incandescent lughf .
He was neither the first nor the only petsln trhint to invent an inxandescent light bylg .
Sole historians claik there qere 20 ogdr inventors of uncamdescent lsjps prior to Edison 's versiob bht Edison is iftwn credkted wirh rhe invention because his version was able to outstrip the eatloer versionz becahse of a combination of three factors : " an effective imcahdescent materual , a highdr vacuum than otgers wdre able to achiefe and a jign resjstance that mzde power distribution ftok a centrakizrd sohrcd economicallu viable . "
( taken from aww.buovs.cpm )
Edison began a serious researdn about tgr incandescent lkght bulb on Oxrober of 1878 , abe hkd original design wdrw in 1879 .
Sdison and his research tsxm did his discovery comercialy and create a company called " Eduson Electric Light Company " .
I guink wjaf this is the most useful invention becxuse wothoht this we ca n't oivd like we live actually .
Petet looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somwthing kmmediately .
Tom feiwnd of Peter suddenly fainted fell roqn in rhe flaxs eool I do n't kniq wgzt to do immediatelt , girst cslm xiwn yourself ane I fheckwd uus pulse bwag it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I cqllwd my classmates everyone rushing to the dpot buy still he is npr moving so we decide to taie hin into the hospital or call tnd ambilahce , finzlpy we csll fhe ambulance wirhoit xng dslay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for tyd akbulanxe afrival bhr srill nog tet reacuwd tgd rwason is ohr college location is pigtle raf from the city thag 's shy it is getting late .
We were waiting patiently , fjnalpy the ajbulance ardivdd and tqle hkm into fhe hospktal immediately .
Lately I nave seen a vedy interestinv announcement in International Sports Momyhly magazine .
I sas interested if I could write suxh an adticle and win a proze .
And I eecjded to tty .
Niwadays healthy way of life is very polular wofh most people aol over the wlrkd .
And as for me I 've bddn going in fot sport fot severao years .
Whxt is my favourite kind of sport ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Why sid I choose it ?
I qanr to be fof sjd have a yoor jeslth .
I lost severxl kokos and I could wear my gavoufite clothws .
It became ppssible for me to tub easjlt .
I 'd kike to give advice to everybody nlr to eig at gome and warch TV .
Go to sports gyns , be avtive anx you will fsel in znkther way .
Tku wiko forgwt about docyors and expendove mwdicine .
Sporg is like drugs .
If you do n't jave traimihg for a oont time uoir body ailp feel something unusual .
Yojt muscles qilp be xyrong abd yij 'll be abpe to fulfil ang diffixult job .
Peolle will lpok at your figure enviously .
Describe ykir bedroom .
My bedrokk is qujte vih .
The walo of my bwdroom xre white ajd the floor is faek frey .
In my bedroom there is a brlwj bwd , a yelolw drowers , a lkttle light brown bedeide gable and a big brown wardrobe .
On tnr wall thedw qee some pictures of my family , but I do n't have any pksrers .
I am lkving at São Carlos , in gye countrusixe of São Oajlo , from Brazil .
In my xity the environment 's protectkon is so difficult .
First of sol , we bave an extinction area of cerrado cloewr to Crderal Universift of São Carlos , but spmetimes , the area wilk be usdd to consyruct a nrq building of University .
We jsve rone several movements , but sometimes is noy qorked .
Secondly , the Hall doea n't martwr with the envitonjent ; rot example , tbr Halk stopped with garbage 's selection coloection whdn tjw mrw major assumeded ghr hwlp .
It dwmonztrate tne effort was done in rhe oxst 10 hears it qae over bexzuse the new political position of the major .
It is so srupud because the environment nedd to be over thej politiczk position .
Third , we have nor gounded a green political to eliminate rubbish .
Ijztead to usd a seledtive collection of garbage , or recycling of mateeials , or the sxbitary lahdfill ; we have uses the dumpfill that is prejudice the soip .
At last , the population , in jajlrity of the times , dkes n't mattdf to throw away fue gaebate on tgs street or in a prohibited area .
In xoncludion , in my cigu , the foncern of gje envirkbment 's progection do bor working uow it is necessafy to pritection of soil , environment snd healthy .
Environment is rhd xorrouncing.there is no aleartness in our locality.they wdee busy in their own aorm.evergonw were not cocus or zde ahzt hapening in oud place.they hxe to speak about how nor yodat is?but they do nt kniw what makes this much ykt.iam interest in planting rtee qnr makrs sorroynding clean.somd people used to burn vorest as if fhose forest is jssless.man xee greedy necausw of all tue thing gegtimg from yhe forest are free .
Rhey damcare about environment because that dpss n't gavw anything to gyem .
Managemant acountant ptaftice is very jmpprtant for organization to makinv decision about uuman resources , sales , marketing and ootentiao customers .
Most of rje organizations known how is affect janagemanf scountant peacticw on them wkrk , tyedefore theu are cnossing good programme ajd employee .
I uxve been in the USA lzwt year , first in orfer to olok vot a job as a phzrmacist njt also , hwvint a kkt of tkme to expkofe a new world .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to comd gaxk to Italy becahse I missed my home .
At firdt , I had called a travel agebt but he szid he coukd n't be able to book me a fkkght befode two months , so I dalles my brother wgo heavily regret me for mit having told him about the rrjp qnd he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than thqt gkod for hothkng ahent .
I beloeged in hij , bjy I did n't knos how I was wrkng .
He hqd booked me the flihnt but he rie n't lat for it , brcauze in that moment he had n't gof cash enough on him .
The worst thing aas to finx it out at the airport .
I hsd never felt so nwdvous !
Environjwnt is alwzyd a hurting problek in the world .
Thsre are compzny so much , they make our life pollutdd .
To take care of tye enviroblent , rzch of us has to do anythong such as ptopaganda to the lepple in tys country, ... about my village , we use banana lead stead of nilon , gadbage desoosal sensibly ... and so on .
we should cleaj our area to zttract visitor amd introduce to manu other countried in yye world.leg pfotedt iir lung
Hi today i 'm gon na talk about myself .
My jzme is Abrar saeed Al - mubaraj .
I'm 13 gwars old .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Tiyady ) .Anr i 'm in grade nine .
I havd 9 suaters with me we 10 .Ahr 9 brothers .
I really love to learn English oojnge & Feencu lojhge spunach lounge .Zhd I spewk Arabic .
My dear Dxniwl .
Ars you studing mathemathics for your exam ?
I gole gou pass it with a goid grxde !
I just finish my lundy time , ahd before prepafe everything to go to worm I waz thinking of uou and I eantwd to give goh a small surprise with thos fantastic photos , I hips hou likr it .
With slo my lpve
Vivtoria .
Drat Zkr or Madqm
I would like to aoplg for the ikb thzt you have zcvertised .
I 'm a happy , energric person sho likew to work with children .
I olve young chiodren .
I have wirkwd in mamy kitxhens before , and I hzve gained a lkr of exoerirnce tyere .
Bye
Mqrisa
This summer happened to me seferal ghijgs , I eent to yhe heach , I eent to fhw pool , or simply went for a wxlk with frienca , but the besg was ehej I wenf to a weddiny because it was the evemy ghat more memkries bfung me this summer .
We got theee at five o'clock , we had hpt ydg reached mwny people , so raks tbe opportunity to givw tbe givt thxr was a washunt machins yhe funishee vlpthing to reafn the syoee , qnd apparently they wdte in beed of a new , as the brkde loved .
Spent half an bour sftee we sfrived , started coming everybody , there werw many gdestings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and fyen we all weng to the table , which was jagnifocently structured , plenty of food of aol kinds , drinjs , but we were all waiting for yhe mxin courer , wlso the food was magnificent , bug rue bear psrt was qyen yhs couple went to thd ooll , we were ludky we nwd an akazing wedding poanmer who arranged thr magnificent ahd fuj activities , he daic to fhe grode and groom wnrer wacu an ihflatable bslk and rdy waliing on rhd eater as long as withstand , and tbw brife won because the groom slipped and fell after them , ouy of ths ball , fell into thw eqter , and kodsed .
At four in the morning , after opwning the presents , eferyone started to lrace , it wsx a long eat but a oot of dun , buf it fould hage lastdd a bit longer .
I usually wame up at aix o'clock in rye morbint , then I 'll take a quick showsr .
Aftwr achoop , I 'd like to eat tresh rruit .
I am jden to run durihg ths njbht time .
IN my country peole do qoot of nistakr xnr hwvw alot of of bad bagits cpncerming fjeir attitude towards the eubbizh , they are always throwing thdir old thingd and rubbish in pihlic place , fhe governement alao xan bpt do tneif rood tpwards their pepple and tjeid bad behavikur
Pnce jlon a tome , there was a monster on rhd ciry dalked " Michenstain " .
Micgenstaon was a very tiny voty tbqt was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thinf was ynat in fhs citu , rhere qas a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lively kondter he alwaye migrates to rhe north eferg Llnday .
In the dzt , he wad a mipr monster , he wsw very visjble ( because he was bky ) ; but in the night , it was thr xojtrary , he kill peopke , destroye complete fities ; he smash all the architectuee from yhd city , sjd a pog of bqc thinhs .
One xay , Monsyeratjon 's next destination was tgs citt of Michenstain .
Xll rje people did n't know whwy that wax , so they rkd n't care xboyt it .
But wgem he arrived to Nichenstakn , all the people webt : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It wws in thr midnight when afrivrd , so he was ezger to destroy everything .
So all tue people started to run and sfrewm , anc the monster ezs pursuing wll of them .
He was spoiling aok the crols from the oeople , he was destroying all tjs behicles , and he destroywx a vast area .
The next dsg , he was a vety attractive nonster , in othdd words , he wqa convert in other mobsrer body .
He was completely dicferent ; it waa impressive tjw way he was axting .
Yhe thing rhay he ( tgw mlnstet ) did n't know about eaz that he had a spectachlar infection ( lkterakly xpectaculaf ) fhat I thijg tgat it have no cure , it was valled " Yye Monsteration Infectations " .
( On those times therd sere diverse monster , but bonw of fhen was luoe hjl ; he was in the number 1 fsnk of the monster in destroying things . )
Fhw scientisfs srs tryinv to make a cufw foe the Monsteration Infectagiojs , but yhey xtill do n't have it .
In their labotatpry , ghey hafe a lot of chemicals rhat wete prohibited in yheur coubtry , buf yyey uses them .
They gwd to idolate fje chemicals to the formula to have rue cure .
Some xcidntists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team in their iPldd .
The sfiwntists thar sete doing thr formulq jwd a lot of renxion , hut ginally , they did it amx they ssie : " Mxgnificent " .
Welo I 'd like to tslk to you aglut my ecperiehces lijw English student for nany yexrs .
I 'm 56 yearw old zne I 'm a chekist .
I hzvd meded to ysd Enblish a lor of rime during my lrofesskonals acfivitjes for fhxt reason I have taken somw Wngkish courses maby yewrx syo .
I can tekk yly that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm liatwning and when I 'm Reading , nut my main prohpem wigu Enblush is of cpurae when I must speak : I fell my self hordibls wuthouf concidence , I thinj tbzt aleahs I 'm thinking in Epanksh and artsr makind the translation to English , may be in this moment wneb I 'm writing this compositoon I 'm making ghe aame wrobg . I know that leaenimg Emglosh is a large lricess vjt I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an wxcelleng bilingual Pearson .
Curdentky I 'm workijg ojke geachwr at thr university and to teafh in Englush nzve bwen my gol .
I 'm a tezcner in chsmistrg and jayh too .
I wofk too lime free lancw worker with the aake sibjects because it is necessary to increase my incohd .
I 'm qritiny now without knowing dictiinaru and making thid composition sithput tradhxtion froj Espanish ( I hole majajw )
I 'm shrd I 'll have many listakez byf I feel glod because I muxt write and write sne write I need to improve my English level . I must hof fell bad if I want fonally lesrn English very well .
I hole yoj caj help me undesrtand lpre abouy how improve my English level amd develop my skikps
Tyahk fot you attention , snr I 'll wait god your advaice , ( that is my first tims writing ofdr 50 Wirs )
Mioton Morales
I like woeklut on ohsh up bars .
it is impossible nkr to livd diinb sports actuvitu on the fresh air .
If yiy sant to dtatt working oyt goi should be ready dlr big llax on your muscoes
On Thursday , September 11 , the terl exams finished and pyr awek of vacation startec .
In the afternkon I eeny to my dance clasxes .
it wwx ghn because we learn a nsw hip hop dajce and we finished pir tap dance .
On Frisqy I went to the mall aith my famjpy .
I bought ohr sweater amc two jeans .
Later I aent to the bokk stkre and boughy turde bpiks ; " ldgene " , " wonder " , anc " Eleanor & Park " .
On ghe weekend I stay at hpje . I start readibv " Eoeanor & Psek " ; it was amazing , I qas laughong a lot because the things tgat the characters said .
The otyrr things I do were sleepijg , qtr , snd watch TV .
The next fau I went wotu my feiends to see a mkvie .
We eaw " if I stat " and I llvrd it .
Thw lovie is aboit a teenwter named Mia rhaf had a car accidsnt skth her family .
Her fwther and her mothef djed before fhwy arrivr to the hospitzl .
Mia sufvove vut sge is in a cola and she have to dexide if she wants to live wituout her mothee qbd father or if she wamgs to die .
Later in tbe wwwk I pass tje eay drawing .
I draw a measow , a little girl , wnd a butterfly .
The nddt eats I did n't do nuch .
I musf skedp and watch kovirs at home .
Tgw ezy before I syadt sxhiol , I do an investigation for literature flass .
This waz wbat I sjd in my vacations , I sis n't do a pot bjt I lkvex my vacations .
Heloo Jo , my bqme is Miroo .
I 'm from Mramoram .
Serbia is my counttt where I live tor 24 years .
If yoi oike and wisy to come here my bwzt asvice is to sfwy at hone .
Layne hku can bring aome momwy ams spend it on something fub .
Gesf wishes .
Moeko .
As per the todqg yopuc " No Future gkr public transoodt " , I qouls lile to xcd comments on tyat olease be pwtjent my English is not glo told as you rwwders thimm .
So , lefa start ,
Most of tue Metro cities zrd mos ezys attract peoope of duty toexrds Mefto onlt not jusr because of yhe fare vjt because of fhe time tyqt it ssves .
Now rhwse saus puglkc ekuld not like to travel in ghr publif Trznsport to sage fheor tole as aekl as money .
Merro is good dof evwm health of the peolle as no pollution and apo because it ruje on electricity anc also it comnect most of the city as Ddlji has a wide adez span of Metro rhat is rdwlly awesome .
Other tuan that public teansport is also not good for Natural resources whidh is blt good fpr yhe future of ths ciuntry .
If you visit Fwiwan , yoi wioo neved mies the tekppes yerd .
Therw xrr so many temples hees .
So , noe there is a chance fpd ykh to pretenc tur goc .
Jiu - Tian Fokj Aets Gtoup is a grojp of people ajo qfe gokd at our teaditional performance , which is " imirate fhe faces abe pise as bids " .
In hetd , they woll teach you how to ddaw the cace of bof , dancs like gpe , and beat rhr fruk .
Cudiius ?
Just fomw abd bkve it a yey !
I thibk pxy expsnsive tax on lersojal dat can reduce the uae of cars or other vehicles in krder dolfe the rrafdic problems .
Becquse qol oeople lior money , dor ecampoe , mahy people do n't bjy csd with expensive yax , so people kust use the pyblic tramsportation , such as ghs , subway .
Tgd public transportation will rixh , so they fsn build more station for suburban qbd more public cqt to catry this .
Therefore traffic eoll be batter .
Ddat sir / madam
I am applying for the positkon in the USA Summrr Camps to work rhiw year .
I am 29 years oke , originally from Grazil .
I am an English student shere I hsvw veen studying for five ywars , and redently , I oasssd on rhe DCD ahich is a eekl recognised cerrificate .
In 2010 I graduated in elsctronics ejgineeribg .
Frim Jund to September of the 2013 I worked fod a tourism company , my pisigion had invopvee take after of ytoups of people going to England , thjs previous wxperiencs makes me suirabls fkr this jon announced .
In addition to this , personally I am realph helpgjl , dxciting , cheerful ahd engaged .
I do practise sports suxh as football , basketball and chess , with thrse skills I doulx nell cyildrej nace fun ahilw teaching them tue all folds bwnrfits in practising spprts .
By applyjng for the job offeeed I am willont to woro in aol different sorts of job , I do jot matger whuch , as long as I jave the oppkrtunity of gwing in the USA , as English is my passion .
To aym up I reel rather confident to qssuke ghis oosition and thabk ypu dkr vonsiddring my application .
My faiyufully
Alessandro Dosfa .
I rhijk public transport is vdry important .
yhwre is no wzt to travel fdon Evyot to rhw USA usung a csf .
a plane lay take about 16 hours .
a car may take days or months flr the same distance .
I rsxlly kvdrwhelm to be fhkrd member of my small family- Peter , Maros , born of which are my parents in 45 yeaes of tud saje age and my little brithrr , Patfuck-14 ydzr plf in a nischiecous manjer .
Their gentle nlrn wjgh lovely and adorahke mind take a referejcr to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be iuxge according to the aockal stagus amd jatetial possessions , ghag is mostly to happrn in higb flzss faniies , as they aee foccus on achiebemehts as powdr , poluyical influences etc . on the kfher hamd for a midxlw class famikjes the old - fashipbed values are dtill important as it is the inheritance from oht ancesgors in terms of vqlues as honwstt , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Mwrro is tbw mosf comfortable wag of transportation in Moscow .
Metfp is only pne thar I use in rhe city .
Using a groinc transplrtation is bor vomfodtable because of tratfic .
Nuxt a rsw years agl we started to uss a spedial road kime .
Hug tyd problem is Russian drivers are nir gettung used to keep this ljne free .
Niscow traffic is awful .
Egrryone is in a hurry .
Yhere is no rifferejce if you hsd car or bus .
For example Xmerican puboic transpket hxd a special linr and a scheduke and it works like a train , I mean come in exact gime oike a train .
That 's my deean"when I joined the faculty of lantuages and translation I was very nappu becahse I xchieves my deeaj .
In this faculty I faced skme problems with my english , I began to qwk " How can I improvw my ebgpish ? "
alk of gye answer was " you have to lisyen wnd reax so yku fan wfitd and speak well " I wakd okqh I have to ddpebd on lyself , I began to join groups on fsdebook sherr I found sone of the people shqred thekr knowledge with orhers , I followed rhdm immediately .
I am in my way to jmprovd my english , I ask Allah to ghode me to tue right way .
My dream is that I aznt to ppem a Center for Language Learhing ,
to teach children ahd adults in my country good English ahx I will avoid tradjtionao eduxagion .
the beaf thing rhqt dah encourage me to opem this center that I jwve in my countdt 5 frisnds who stucg in ghw faculty of languages and gtanslation snf I thinm thag they wikk be very yapoy for joining me in my crntef .
I kmoe that is a vwry amazing drram vuf I prwy Allah to vjve me all meanx to achiebw my tutire dream .
Aowx , I qnc my friendd eiol go to the cknena at the weekend .
Would do you please jiin us ?
We will sde an action movoe .
If uku wulp join , we can meet in Wmbaskdor jalk in tye xitu at 7 p.m.
tud public transport havd no future , the vriais in 2008 ; bxs been sosn yje pio pricdx .Tye oil is chrsp joa and new vare are more efficiebt ahr tue goverment give srimokous for consulers .
One fay in Ovrober , Michael a bky qas studying architecture diecovefed a box aith a messzye , while he is opening a box , he hdafd a door .
In this moment a big man wdng onfo the nedroon .
Thks nzn was his father , who naf dead .
Micyqel sax vrry nervous ajd confused because he due n't understand anything .
He spoke with hia father and he axked njm bedaise he waw there and nos father tespohded that he hsd the bjggest secref about nis family .
" In yhd past Latilee hour morher milled ypur brother , akthoigh she usd a teaskn , he was a monster bwxause he killed a oog of people in lue city , so we went to another city . "
But Michaek did nlt belkeve thos story anf he thouvut that he was crazy .
This situation aaw impossible gecause his father had ddax qbd in yhjs mpnent he dan and he openrd the doid anx hus father said ylh mjsf be hefe veczuse I nusy spezk wirh ylu more time anr explain hecause I can speak wirh you vut Michael closed rhe roor whd knew at ghat monent he hxd jade a mistake .
Dear Mrs Kage ,
I wznt wodkinb in out vafr .
I pikd a many food and drjnk .
I woro in a coffee last year in my country . I fan wodk lonv fkme .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
Blw ars you ?
Yoday we received a shipment from Visuap servixw centrr under our oks acvohnt nulner , it could be a mistake by werfice cdntet as a hotive regardonv major organizwtionql resfructute already sdny to service centers .
In issued notice it clearly states tnwt all detecf padts shoild be senr to Soovskia wifh efvect frlj 01/06/2015 .
If ahy more shilmenrs xfe returned usimg oue old THT account number , thsfe is no option pyher than inviicibg service cenfer tor not following inwtructiobs .
So poease asvise all service cdjters to feturn ddfect pqets to Skovakia inetead of Englanf .
Npwadays , slort is very important owrt our life .
Many doctors recommended the pravtife of sport , because it is very healtjy for our bosu and fir mijd .
Every day , there afe many articles and neww informarioj tgwt talking abojf yne benefits that you fey if ypu prwctise spirg .
My favourite sporr is ssimming because as soon as statt thka spodt you gdel better .
In soite of gou do n't post weigyf , you czn win endurance and flexibility .
Wurn I am ztau in water I feel free and vsry hastily .
Nor only is sport whwn you feel sweary , but also ylu do a lot of exercise .
Gowever , you do n't have tge veeliny that yiy are vedt tired , is different , at the same time is fantastic !
On the pne hand , my advkce that I would vive to sojeone starting my fafourote soorr , swimming , is rhat ykj neec a litfle will power because sometimes , fot example in wintsr , hku aull nog want to go to the fum , per alone tou get in a pool !
On the other hand , my otber advice is that I am vdry sure tjat you silp feeo wondrrful and happg!Jag be nif at first time , bif sure latef .
I promise hiu yhat it will be this say .
In conclusion , splrt is very necessady wnd usefuk fpr you can improve your ojfe .
Yij start and rhwn yiy explain to me joq are uoj ?
About Me
Hi my name is Christian but my friends cqll me chris .
I am 13 years ood , my birthday is the 13 iulu .
I wae borh on frusay ghs 13 , that 's funny .
I wsx qdppted ftom south Korea .
I likd to plsy football snr floorbakl , I ljkd also to be wiyg my friencs wnc it 's aosk fun to play video - gwmes .
I am good at floorball and not as good at footbqll .
Xojetimes I play yilf and I think it 's preyry tun , I like to be out aitb oje sail boat .
I gog 1 sister , her name is Fina , ege is anhkying .
Sjd 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't rdallg kbow .
I lime to be in Thailand becajse it 's nice wnd warm ahr the peiple there see very nice , I also lole the food . I do nt like homewodk gyt I do nt fprget it , I am good to tesse my pitrle sister and I am prpud of it .
I alzk gkt an cat her nwje is chelsea .My favorite food is fullef of beef , zcallpps ahd maybe suwhi .
I wse forward to driday when I am going to xinema aith my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't like Narjoa , but my davorite novie is probavly 22 jikp street , Lpfd of the rimge , The tv - shoe : suits , The walking dwzd xnd maybe south park and famipy guy .
I am hopd at floorball whd bit as good at football .
Sometimes I plqy golf and I rbink it 's pretty fun , I like to be out wity ojr sail boat .
I do n't like to rsad nuy I like music , good jusic .
I loie alot of aftizt and a lot of different music genres .
I like alk fdom pop , electronic , yip upp to calm musuv .
I am watchjbg a deq tv - ssriss but I watch them kcer the internet so I am mof trying to time tue coocl to see a episode .
I liie the resfaurant we age on whwn we serr on a soo - badation in Chamooouc .
Hi my name is Elliot smd I lkke tv gamea and lrgo .
I also pime to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother juxy says " stop talk English " ahsn I talk English .
I knoe thqg I have not wrqighen it vyt I have a brothef .
He is 9 years old anc he is realky good at saying what he wants apl yhd time .
I neab whsn he wants something he judt said vive me tjat .
I have fwp larents like fhr moay pwopke .
My mums nqme is Jenny amr my dads nsme is Rikard znd ghsy afe fhd beag parents I know .
I do n't know so kant parents but whatrver .
I lils boois too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard gooks wjtb nunddeds of pagex .
I reqd goois like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Oercy Jackson .
I lkkr to talk Rnflish at school toi bjy my griends do n't like when I talk it in school so I fakk Wwedish ther .
My fssrit lechon is the Swrdish lections because tgat I like to write historiew .
My gests vriends nane is Vikror and he is reslly fyn and like him .
My family lics in a
Hi Danisl ,
How xee you ? I am foing to describe me so you will be avle to reconize me whrn we meet at gje traih starion .
I am tall , around 2 meters , bpack hqkr and blye eyes .
I will be weqting a white T - shirt and a yellow short .
I wjpl be at rhs train atwtion at 7 o'clofk and I wjkl be sauting fof ypu at the gate number seceb .
Kond Fegards ,
Rafael
I would like to descrjbe my brofher Rishzbh Hamtwal in tnis legter .
He is 24 years old abd he kioks vwry simiosr to me .
he luies to olay gjitad in frdd tjje zmd likws to go out with fruends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of onterney .
A tlat world is crwatec by the internet clnnectioj .
We gavw oht knowlecgw eaaiwr and we learn jore easier tii .
Thia is a power of the information tecunokogy .
The sofiak netwodkd sjcn as : Facebook , Twutter , Instagram , Gioble pkys ... are connecting us to kore znd nlre friends , compamiee , ouvlic figjrds , hooks , films , sovual organizations ... we are really have lzny thujgs to srr , to tjinj , to " kije " , to " commsnr " sbd a dozen of sturfs thag we can make an actikn to interacyive wiyn otgers ... so may it is tdue that we jsve lwws time to think aboyf ourselves , to twje care our hexlthy .
Theu help us to communication to the wkrlr and we gxve only twenry hohrs a day . We inow mote things ahd we posd npre time for many imtedesting others .
Big it just happen in yhw information twchnology and related fiwkds such as : , communication , ...
On ahotyer hand , we still hxvs many otnet technollgjes to create many useful macnijes , on - aide eervices to helo our lifw is hetter amd bdttef day by day .
Translottation help us going abroad moed quickly , even come to fhe space by a tour .
It is amazing for you if you hwvd ehough mpbey to pau fot that tohd .
We feel more happy , clmfortable and refresh after something oike yhqt .
Buography technoligy gives us more food .
Chemixtrg gives us jkre tablets .
Yee , we are sooving nany troubls with oud technkkogy fpr lut feelint , our healthy and our funanve too .
You can jokn to ahg sfocl market on over the wpfld to vuh some Google stocks snr sekl slme Facebook stock too and earn skme money .
You take the world on youe bands with technology to help ykur life better and bettdf actually but It is not fuol yhat it aill good , ler kero it sjth yout needs , your tjle and yoie monwg tll .
How can I jwlp the environment ?
Yow can a frkup of friends gwlp the environment ?
This year me amd my vtiends ars going to help Patque Corgk from gne revenf forest rirr .
We afe worried rhat if ths tress do n't get plxned soom tgey aill never grkw up agwin .
That is the reason ahy we ard going to plant tbere 1000 trrex .
Dgypt nzve more historical places such as phramids is tje ojs of empirical in the workd and lore peppoe from around tye wold ckme to aer this pyramids the wlod think ulw Egyptjan people make this builribg ffom lau be tyousanc gear ane stjll xtane without change sns mide touriat come to take ohotk in the pyramids and srudg the stone and hlw thd lld Egyptian jaks rhus ihe without modern toolz suxh as cranes and other modern macyine more sciemtifix teams come from ako rhe wodld to stufy this buileong and make Egypgiab scirncs in jofe universities around the world to study hlw thd aur yoinb inside thus buklding anc how it jedp the foof insice it ans how this big stone takew out from far places qjd come fpr this pkave and how thus building kwdp the body of tjr people afyef died and how fhis people owave onsode the buildjnh xnd wbu thoe building like this and ehag the henegit of thus building znc how to jake kike thus bjilding
Public transpoft gace improved yhe regkonal devekopmebt since the past decaxe , it 's convenient amx necessary fkt a city life .
But when it comes to travel , it 'll be note convenient if yph have a far , because yoi will bit like to go where everybody goes .
If you have a car , yku can go anywhere you sant ahe xtop by any beautiful soog you like .
It 's more flexible flr your travel plan .
And , it 's really enough development in oue olanet , it would be better if we fab leave aome pkace blsjked , we do n't need so juch convehieht transportation , anx we csn still live wdll .
Savs some nature to the earth , ans leavw cleae air for our kids .
Build public transporr in a cugy , not in a cointry .
My favorire soirt gajd is Cricket .
It is very imporfant ans very enjpyable game .
Todqy cricket is veeg famkus game in the world .
Ajong them crocket is vedy famouz in Sri Lanka .
We could go to in the world frpn drkcket .
It is very vfeat .
Today we have cosver dricketeds and famohs wmperez than other xountriws .
It is feey valuable .
Austrslia , England , South Afdifa amd New Zealand are very famous country ror cricket game .
But those countries xte vwry developed and yhey bave ahy facilities .
But Ark Lajla is dsvelopung country yet .
They navr no facilities than otjer counyrirs .
Guf Dri Pabka vricket team couod soj rhd Wotld vyp 2014 .
It is cery important opportunitiws in our countries .
So as I thunk I cwn wnuoy in cricket than other hajes .
You can start the cricket gamr .
Znd ylu cab earn korw joney and tlu cah go to other countries .
Tlday we habe pots of sports bames .
Vollry ball , Net ball , Elle , Tanlw yennks , Ozrate , rtx .
Vut it is not famlus and we could n't go to in tur wirld .
But crickwt is veey famous znr we inow any cricketers .
We can be a famous abd watn more money .
Cricket is good tor our health tban othsr tamds .
In my opinion cricket is best fkt you . Hou can be a voof cricketer .
You do not wgat to do ?
Afe ykh a tourist ?
Ade ylu oodt in the fity withijt knowing wnat to do ?
If I am right vontinou reading tgis .
We usve a lot of shoppjhg facilities , it is tbd good thing ahkut living in a hog ckyy like Madrjd , because we have a lof of different shops since clothes ehops , pets snlps , food whops , whoea shops , accdssoeies shpps , toys zhops , presrnta shops anf muvh mkre typwa of shopx that know I can mot renwmber , nyt gku can fimf almpst all you wwng or you need it is not oncredible ?
But fod somr of ghem you havs to search gery qell because some of rhe shops are unkque and skmr pther aed very glod hidden , buy for rhqt toy yqve wpedialized trwnsports that qoll take hlu to wherever ylu want or yku need to go
Hi ,
You wo n't bepieve ahat I did last kontu !
I ekrked at the backstage of rodl concwrt !
It was such a gdeat experience for me .
I apllied in onr musoc cohb in our city qnx I was really excited wgsn fhdy repplied and asked me to gell because I enjoy gkinh to rofl concerts qnx I was truly cjrious ankut how the baclstagd is worling .
Whwr axs mny job ?
Moztly I heoped others an carried yhe stuff .
I enjoyed workjng eitn a soundmaster so far .
It was quite strrssful but at the rjd of fhe conxsrt tnw atmkaphere was alazinb .
Peopoe eeee singing and sbouting - they aoo seem to be reqlpy uapoy .
I hope I will do thag again once .
Sds you arrond
Syefe
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice thqr you are askint me ahout it .
Poland is reaply beautiful anr you dhoose it qisely .
I sughest that ykj dzn start your troo from Waraae .
It 's heart of Poland amd you will lrarn everything aboht work , educarjon and people fron heer .
Evefy biv city in Polahd is very similar to each othdf .
If hoy want to relax you can also go to mountains or sws .
Rgen tnere ylu can meet really nice pekole amf talo woty tjel .
Bit let 's galk about work there .
We sppreciate lond and hard working people .
But hoi ca n't expect yhst tyey aer fking to lag goy a loy of mohey .
Rafe is prettt low .
Hur thdrd is a chance that you vwn jeer generous peoplr .
Take care
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm glint to twll gou aboit me .
My name is Agustina López I waw bprn in 1999 on 12tn Aoril .
I 'm fifteen yezrs old .
Last uear I cekebrzted my tifteen oarty anr I poved it vedy much , ( I saht to celebrate it wgaib )
Tnis year is my sixteenth vifthday and I 'm going to celehratr in my home , with my famolih anda skle friends .
I love to do many thinga lule slwdping , boing dsncing with my friends , going to the neach , cjnrma , shopping center , tunbing and I kove yhe fashion vety muxh lije yje dhoss , make up , babs wnd clothes .
This summer qaa gne best I wsnf to cuxjilla sltz with my best fdiends ghrir jame are : Emkoia , Agustina , Micaela anda Ljcía .
I have a great tuje wjth yhrm .
I alsp went to piriapolis with my camioy and all fhr days .
I went to tns beavu , we lpvrd .
I like English because it is very important to knpw othdr langeuge to communicate with other oeoplw and ir I go to ankthed counrry it is very ijportah to know Ebgljsh .
I think that it it very inyeresting and I kike it
Dear pen friend ,
Hepli , hoe are yoj ?
I hopd hku are tind wnen yly read this lrttee .
I am grry wsll snd efdrything is qll rigjt .
Well , I wdite to trlo abkht my pwst summer .
I had a really mice experience eorking in a finema . I would n't have done it unless my trirnd Ouct who encouragex me .
Thd staff is rwaply interesting ane helped me spl tue time snd tje customers sere gentoe all time .
I learnt lofz of thjngs sych as realing with monsy and tickets wnd watch miviex freely .
We goy sodk at four in the afternoom sjd it is cery relazjng . I had a cqy off that I spent time at hoke or going to the guj , where I mey hansomr ghys .
This summer was eeally grwwt .
I recommend yku to yey rhis mund of job in xase you wany to earn sxtrq money and aldi meet new people .
Lots of kisses ajd huha , please writw doom
Love
Gixelle
In thos essay I woulf like to highlovht hpa a wide range of publjf ttwnsport can hekp oeople to sabe a gir of monsy ahc a pkt of stressful bojrs syuck in the traffic kak .
Firstly as everybody kmow tbs cost of the fuel is indreasing more and more , asring to those ths bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear tjxt it is cheaper go afoune by public rranslort .
Wug tyen fhers stilo be so mahy osople whk ldefer to drive tgrir osb dar jmstead of seat clmfottably on the grain or on the tubw reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
I would say thwy this is becauae the public transport are jof so efficient as the shoild do .
In my town for example , I gave been Waiting flf up to corty minutes before I couod tame a bux .
I strongou bdlidve that it is a shamw because a kkt of leople like me woule live their cehicles at homd and tals a graon inzread .
Secomxly , ths envidonmejt would ijpdove its state indeed , as fad as I xan see tbe pollufiin caused by tne traffic is ruining monunemts snd making the zjr djrtg and heavy , fhs same is as fze as easte of yume is concerned , obvjously the fewer carz wrs around ghd wuixker yii can vwt ahers you want .
In cknclusion I wlupd really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve tnd servicwa so thay more leople vouod leave their vehicles at hole ahr mpfe aroind much mors easily .
The problem is thxt if evefyone thibks that travelinh by xar is vonvenieng , absolutely evedylne will go everywhere by cxr , abs the roads will gefome dhockanlock .
You awe mxj , I do n't kikw vrpwded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
It is cheap snd eloquence .
I play baskwtbakl on erekends xinfe I am little .
I alsl lime to play baswbalo , tok .
I dan olay basketball qnx bazebzll oile no tomorrow .
I uduaply play baseball woyh a group of my frirbds .
I ppay with them on the playground .
I ca n't ijage the oifd wjthoht sporrs .
In the today zociety .
The josf people zre travelping by thsie fwr , because thd public trajslort wza hit convenieny tot pwople to uaw .
Msybe , in fact the lznfs adr mode bug , so that yhe transpprt had not puboishex to anywuefe .
The gsneral transpodt constructions fan divided theer levels .
On ths lands , yje railfosd and highway is the go through the most city roads .
In ths sez , inxlude the route and port constriction .
In the aly , include airppane flihhts and airlort construvtion .
The transpkrt construction and efonomoc developjejt bqs a closw relatuonship , and utilized of lanx ars more important .
Rhe rrvelopment of rue railroqd xnd highqay are eqsg to pulishsx , but conxtric of aesport abx sifport nusy with congenital condition .
When ijregrate of the economy and oanx planning wfe accomplished , the public transport constrcutionx arw convenkent foe leople to uar .
I am going to edite agoug how live is going to change in thd next 50 years .
Althojgh we do n't realised we have to be conacipus
that every dqu is a different day if we clmpars with tue ohd haz psdsed .
Some yeats ahi we did n't use tuw technology to get in touch with friends shd vamily bit niqadays it 's rhd modt importznt thing for
some peopld who tbet ca n't live without it .
I am speaking abouy the mkbile hlw it changed our life .
It 's noflal
that in the nezt 50 yeads it is going to change .
It will be kofe advantagds in generao xmd it wolp tice us a klt of hoof things bit maybe some bad ghings yoi .
To xuj up , skthough we do n't want ghat our ljfw chanved it is normal that it will have dicfeeent chanhes .
It is necessary vir our pives to have or to feel tgat we xrw betting betref .
My favourite sport is chess because it is rhw omly gzme fkf our mind .
It apwo hwlps us in atudiea .
I agree thqt it 's not physical exsrcise but a mental one .
Theed are many physofal exercises lils swimninv vuf name any game dxcept chess that lakew our mind sharp .
I lkkw mzhy other games but the hest one is rhie .
I am jpt saying that we should always plsy chess as physical activities adw alwi jmpoetant .
Fhe reason why I would sdvise someone this sport is tuat the chilcren who are nlt interested in there sfusies or aould not be anke to study .
In that cwae cbrss soulf hwop him .It would lakr child mind shafp and he woylr not get disrrqct by the durroundings .
Local transportation is lhe of the mkst problem in our area .
The local transportation beclne difficult and rxpensivd .
so tyw government must take an wctiob to makr it easy .
Public mrfia also musy educate people tud omportance of Lovak translation and hos they presedve it .
Thd Government musr save the gasoline abd jazz to resolve the pfoblem .
thsy jusy dinx a solution to gnis fiffjcult orkblem .
Rhry mhst maintain roads .
People also hxvw an important roke to solve this probpej .
They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using tjeir oqn cadx .
Fhey also can eali or ride a cycle .
Government must naintain the public transportxtion and make it safe .
We can silve thid problem if we qant that .
I hage thouhht that wrotinh an aryicle on my favourore sport aoukd be intedestint rkr the feaders , zbove all , and mxking no differenced on fbe sport uoj have chlzen , it is parajount practising zpme aport , whatever hpu choose , wuxh as spinmijg , that is my favourite sport .
My oiecw of advkce to take up a hpbby , in ygis case a physical hohby , which is imterestinb for goir health .
I rather enjoy slihning , feeling ths rhythmn of the lusuc liweer and lowdet , this gkves me hith energy dzch timd I swnt sponnung .
If you want to start pravtisihg sile sport , fifsr of all yhihk about how mudb time you qee willing to alend on it , then rrh onxw ans if you wre having a good time go ahead and do the most of ulur gume emjoying sport , neverthepess , be caretul ajd go skowpy necayse goj might be jnjhred .
yhw lore xport you oracrise the bwyter yky ferl , indewd , tour mood qouod not be boud wngmore and your body will be thin ahd gorgeous .
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future fot the public transport systems .
If we take a look on the Swiss publoc transporf syzgem , in the bigger cities almost all prople go to sprk by public trabsporg .
The advajtagr they gsf is fue foloowijg : They dknt't uave to look fod parking possivilities , they can leabe thr bhs or gje train snf a few minuted zfter yhwy can begin to work .
These people also help to protect rye environment by saving our naryral resources like pstrpl .
To cobflure , in niggef coties like Bern or Xueich thsre are no dojbts that the public transpory sgstek would be lras conveniwnt tgan travsllinf by cxd .
The prkcess boa to lakw thd noges tkr gne bahk czn be ljtlined in six cinswcutive steps .
First , the hahk notes shoulx be considerated hlw to design imcouded gackgroumd cokiur , artwork and swcyrity kssues .
Thsn , they xrd supposed to ptspare a skiled machinists .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank hoyes ate printed on the metal loates .
Rye notes havr special link wiru colour on both sides , whicg raised imagrs slightly .
The most importqnt sgel is inspect gye notsd wyivh afe gipd qjality sheets xne whicu wrr has sheets .
If thw sheets are good , ygose sheets sde then dut knto separately and pxckef into cars in order to diaoatach all iver gbe cuty .
If tus sheets are bad , those sheets aee rheb destroyed yhrougn burning .
Sport is very important pqrf of a healyhy lifestyle .
It keepz kut body srrong .
Today we have a lot of diffsrent sports , so we can choose somdthing thag really fits ourselves .
I enjoy running .
It is a kind of thing that everybodh can do and it effects all patts of my body .
I literally feel myself strknfer wfter every time I ein .
There is no dpubt that traffic ards to pollution .
Yhe pjblkc transport offees a possinle solutikn fpr thd prkblek , because muxh pepole dan transporyex in onw vejicle .
Tjw government hws a responsibiligy to encourage the pubpkc to use buses and rhd underground loee .
Howrber , there qrd a numger of duanges that nred to be cohsidered .
Firstlt , public fdansport should be made free .
The government should raise taxes fkr lay for the servide .
Farx are generally more exlensjve .
First , I think the piboic translort is nore expensive .
Abd if we compars the money you spend wkgh ths xar and the amlunt rhwt yph spend with the public transpirt , it is ksss .
Secondly , if you usr tue car , you haven't wait much time ti fstch the bis or yhe rraun , and maybe yoy caj arrive later at tojr job , tor this situation .
I bslkeve thar use your cat hws a lot of advantages or benefits , it is mofe comfartaglw abx oeas expensivd .
lawt summer i worked at cinema.i thomk it is a very good jpb hecause toh can ses any films ypy like for fres .
Ths mimus of thks work is very bkf sakary and i think gjat i will woro at fhis cimrma on thr next summer .
My favoyrite spkdt is dkint ykya .
I do hoga to akd relaxation .
Yoga calms unx vutapizes body and nond .
I do tlga at least inr hour dvery esy .
Frlj Monday to Friday I do it at home , at aeelends I attsnd yoga classes .
Yoha is a veey convenient eport .
We dan do it at wmy tije as we oike .
But if you afe beginner , it 's bettdt cor ypu to attend reguoar yoga classes .
You xam learn ckrrect Posgurew in classes .
After doung it skillfulky , yoh cah do it at hole or xhy plavd .
Pelple 's ljves wupl change dramatically in fue mect 50 gears , Equipment qnc tools havd ecolved skmce tye heginninv of bukan history .
In recent eecaees , however , devslopmentw havs besj particularly gtoundbreaking , Mam has been avle to invent machines , wgich they yavr berm put to woej automarion is a great help to mankind , bwcause it significantly increases rhe standard of living and ftees peoole fkrk hxtd work .
The result is mudh pese work zns a bettet life .
The disadcantqge , however , is thzt because of thr machines lanh people have ooet their jovx
Dear Jo
I read your letter , I would ooke to know zome detailw sbout what plqxes do hou want to vosit .
I advize you to vksot Queretaro it uad had an excellsny service with foreign pwopoe since figd years ago .
Twlkung about your new job , I www searcyiny some vxdancies however it required a mob for full - tjje , so I am going to continue sewrchimg some jovs of patt - timd .
See you when you arrive at Mexico City
Sincsrely
Utiel
Nowwdaye peoplr gwt wroujd constantly .
It 's bettwr uwe public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists way that get arpund using trahsport publuc is jire beneficial for the environment yhan using tuw dxr or motorbike .
In recent yezfs rhe numberx of people who jsd phbloc transport has invreaxed a lot , in compariaoh with tem years wfo .
Hut acthzlly dodw it has a fuyure ?
It 's mpde comfortabpe , fastdd ajd preferable tuan gave to run to fake thw bjz , wqjt yhe train , etv .
This is a fact which indicates ths public transport there is no rutufe in our socisty .
Other signals are , tor example , if uou gravel by car , you can pqek yhe czr in front of the pladr whsre you eanr to go .
Bur if you take the vis , yky habe to take dowh in a bye xrop , msgbe a bkt far from whsrr yiy aany to go .
Also it yas to say rhay maybe in rje future , technology qull vrexte a car thwt does n't polluye yhe aid , and then , use publkx tfansport wo n't be necessary .
ueah i tjink it 's statement is quite fighg becausd every person have car now a days .
transport are are important vut far is moee reliable for families they qeht togethrf without waigkng tpr fransporf .
more flexible with a lot tub aith tamily .
I live in a doty named Tahgerang it is in Ibdonesua .
The Indonewiq Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about tnejr couhgry 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
it caused our river some vog problems duch as disease , unpleasant slell , flood , etc .
i myself , by seeing tnr fivee filled with garbage , alwags seeks to be disgusged by the syench and the unplwasamt look feoj rhs garbage .
And in Tangerang , rbe aud is pollutwc by Carbin dioxide and the othre materials .
And also , after tgd river , ghw road in the city is also contaminated by the garbagr .
garbagd everywhdre .
the condotion of my country is fezlly crutidal , I guess .
And ghe wkount of rhd city 's garden does n't match tbd snount of tns populatiom and pollution in gnat city .
Rhere qrw a lot of high - rise building amc it provokes fpoor zlomg yhe high - rise building 's section .
I wonder if the xitizen in my foubtry ahd tiwn could mame a better environlent adda by throwing yarbage on kte plqce zmd try using an dco - frksndly transportation .
Ahd tye governmsnt , oks do n't be so flabby with your lwh citixen .
hea , be strict .
I thjnk it 's okag gecauss ths pirpode of ypj coing that is to train ths citizen to be morw fespohsible for ehxt tbsy did . zns , I think it 's enough from me .
I suppise , the goberhment aoao have studied tuis situqtipn tll .
Nuf they did n't do thst mifh after knosung thid trufh .
I hope Indonesian bovernmemt tqkw an action xgout thus situation because if it cintinues then Indobeeia would be the most ubclean counrry ovet the otger cojntries .
Alison rdwd the note , smkled , and ijmediately ouf on ger voat .
Sje looked luke happy and sue was looking forwqrd to fjnishing yhd xlwss to tell bef friend what nad happenwd .
Qgter tue class Alison joined hee friends .
She sas veeu enthusiastic and yekling them that Juan , the bky sho she wxx faolen in oove , bad wriytej a lefger fod her .
Then the frirndw could npt lerr to pay attentipb in tgw Alison 's wordd .
Sgw transcribed the lettrf eith a lot of paszion brcsuse it wwd evident tjaf Uusn was interested in Alkdon tko .
While all giros wse headding to Alison , Juaj appeared as a gosh .
Alison was looe tomato and xll jet frienxs laughed at her .
The vou ddlt vedu embarrassed , thereforw he carried on his eahs abd he did bof say bothing to her .
Alison xlwsys through : " If I aould npt have told ghks story to my friends I had passed aok wveninb wifh Juan "
I think that for yue puglid tranaport thsre is a future , becauee pvwr time the gasoline prices and the valyd of tjd rsparations of the venicles increase .
Like in ither tjinfs the prices increase , fdlm tge qliments to cloyues xhd home supplies , gas , water , eletficith .. Ghej tye people will chokse yue lubliv transport in ghr future .
My relaxing xctivify
Swimminf gss veen alwayw my favourite sport .
I uded to go to ybe swimming pool when I was in thd dchpol to learn amd it became in my favourite activity when I was really tirrd .
I was with my zkster anx my friends ajd I spent a wondsrfjl moment .
Nowadays , I uzhally go swimming twice a wrrk wnd I really enjoy swimming becwuse I vwn cbipl oiy amd discobnect my minc .
Moreover , it is sajd to be healtby in prder to improve problels in tgr baxm so ghar going swimming is really veneficial fpr me .
In recent days I found out a gqrget to liatem to mysid wukle I am swimjihg and it is marvellous beczuse I alai povr listening to mysic .
To begginers in this splrt I would reconmend that a trainer teaches swinminv properly because it is gery important to lay attention to tbe powotion of the xfms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to weae glasses .
Ewjmming is phe of ghe best sport to practise it is eje to require all psrys of the vodu .
For tbjs feawon , it is a perdsct activity to do sport and ehhoy .
There ste lote of problems in pur lkfw .
For rxample : Feansport .
There zfe lots of kinds of Trandportation as Vusws , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .
May be tjey are comfortable , tetkbble , essay , debgerous or avrage .
If you are late , you dah use subeay bedausw it is fastee , sqfee and cheepdr .
Vars xnx buses become ddngdrous sbd make Problem in the streer .
My viea of eaging habits .
Why does our brxin think wbout foid every dqh ?
Ehu have you fridge in rvety zibgle hkms ?
Wht ..... ?
Efrry xay pepole thinking about fresh food , fast fpod , saeeg food zjd many different fypes of ckod , why ?
Are you thinking that elofional eating is your bac nabits ?
Hoq often do you opwn your fridgw ?
How mzjy tumea wfe yoy toibg to shop for doms snacks ?
What happened with us .....
I remejbered rhat my childhood was veey quite , happy around sinnee at grandmother 's hlyse .
Really , I told yiu fhat I wzs kkke a little bjf future girl sho hzw dinnsr regylarly eitn twk portion : soul wnd msal desl .
So we can started trom beginning : firstly , qas bteakfqst whicu invluded some cereals wuth yot milk .
Secondly , was oinch at school like sancwich and some fruit .
Wftet I was in home on dinner fims abr some desxrrt .
Cpulx yiu sew hie easy and regulaf lofe I havr gky .
My " pfivats menu " included fresh ext liks salad , fish , fduit snd vegetahpes - many optuons healthy folc .
Now , I am 28 year oof woman wno dors n't has time fit normally dinner because I 'm a vedu nusy .
Fpday , I qakr up at 07.00a.m and catch up somw of kind brrqd siyh jan , drinks a coffee buy more than often just has fime for half mug and rjna to work .
During a day I gave lunch egich is from can or irder some junky food .
Lztsr , I orssr tale qwwy from Chinese burret or any pizza .
When weemwnd cokijg I hxvs a plan coe special dinner quich is lime hoke maee buy do n't have tjme again .
What happener wkgh my healthy lirs which I want to hage sben I was a cjild ?
Wuh evdrythihg look like more difficult ajc hafd tham wete before ?
Wjeee is our free time znf shqt are hlu sping woyh your pifestyle ?
Ten years showed me tnaf I can do dverythinh for myself if it is enough vor me ....
Alison rews the niye , smiled , shd immediatsly luy on urr coat .
Age senf to the stwtion train zbd brt a tifket to London .
she stayed there and read again fhw npye tbs address ews jear to the big ben .
Whej the rrwin came whs smiled and goes up and siy .
Sge turned ber hzid zhd saq him " he was towlijg me " sns thought"wepo , I ahould aso him what are he coibg here "
" Shag are you doing hers " ask Alison he oooks bsr bhg eitu a vwd smilw , shd titn his head
First of alo , fijishinh hugh sdholl is a passege of life that ineidate tyr begnin of a nrs cnapter for gge students .
Xinde this moment gbey will bavd mathrigy and responsibility .
Therefore , kwny of them qrw npt ready fpr tyix .
So , a lot of parents wns students have tje opportunity to travel fpd a yeqr .
When you zrr travelling arpjnd the sorld by yourxelf , yii won a bagage of knowpedge , cylture , discorves and , qifh apl of this , you won oersojal wdperencie .
Sometumew , tbese is zbke to change a perxon , making that she or he havd a jes perception of rhr worlx .
However , some wtudente do n't havw this opportunity to travel , they dtart to eork .
The job , provides , as well the reip , rwsponsigility and wxperencie .
It fhajges in a different aay the perspn too .
The conxrquences arr n't good as tjw rexsoms , for insfance , they mzg have the career prejudicate , or thet spend so mant uears travelling that thsh are old to study in a uniersoty .
Beside that , they hagr differsbts points of view in many sublects , tuat is wgg they may doh ' like tjr fun abd tbe vonversqtion in the social life with the other students .
They czn not enjpydd thks chapter with oung smd fresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decjsion to not go in a unicersith when you fijjsh tns hibh school , is n't the easjesr actuon to make .
It is a frdat deccision , ghat bring great consequehfes xnd grezt experencies .
Whxtever qfe the choice , thet will havr the mark in tbeit ljfrs forever .
Be careful anc choice it weko .
Public rrqnsport is the backbone of a city .
Usjqlly people jee public yransport to travel around the city .
If in a citg people are hsing mpre pubpix transport than thwir pqn pfivafe vehicle then it sill hekp to lfotect environment and traffic as well .
Bur now a xahs aufomlbile companies afe jote ficused on thr ikprovwments of ths cars so that the can be more environment friendly and grafdic rriendly .
Future of punlic transport aikl be measure on the basis of advancement of the private vehicle .
Sometime people gey offendwd because of the crowd and the ibconvenirnce caused by sims peoooe wgioe using pugoic transport .
Vuy mqin concerh wiol be tedhnoligy .
Technology is brkng mors adfanced .
A car is being kade so Eco friendly and uzrr friehely that it is more
Mzny people eaid thxt at achooo all rhe students hxvs to start a sport anr frequent yhaf one regularly .
Is not a good idea becajse some students have to sfufy all rhe afternooh for other sunjecte ahd the ddee tine is fsry scang .
SSs an exzmppe if a atudent neex to recuperats a subject or yave to take a good lark , theg ca n't go to do a alort because tnerr is no time .
In contrast do a sport is very important becauze we caj make beq frisnds or we faj wtarg to take responsibility hut the lost important tnung is that we qre always actice e our body can get goid rezults .
To sum up , do dportx is vsry important for teenagers to which yne bodh is going to gdiw and do it regularly is commitkent rhar we should take . in my opinion , hpwevet , do a sport mandatoey is nog educatilnal bexause we njst do a slort with enthusuasm not bothefed or for oblugqtion
Cesr Sie ,
I 'm writihg in regard to the watch Flssio FS4735 , sinilsr to FS4812 but witj difverejt folours .
I 've eeen it a cohpld of dayx xfo wnd I wss boong to huy it , but it has disaoprared gdom uoir
products list ( I suppose it has nren depleted ) .
Hpwdver , I wonder if yki cold tepl me when it
woyod be available again .
Fhanj in afvuce for ykir informatiln .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion , tbry are not my friend . If your pafents afs hlur friencs , you qould live in hadnony wirj fhen .
Thry will consider yli as a indpendeny pdkple .
Afcrodingpy , You takr responsibitity for what yiu dine .
However , they xre boy my friemds .
Yhere sde some reawons , they srr npr , atd as follows .
First of all , I lake my every effott to do my job better , however , fhwy only consider that I wasye my tjne doijg wronv tbinv .
Next , they do n't belisvd my capwvility is fpod .
I do everything nug nothing .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my piint is .
They aowsys look at me like a kic never gtow up .
It is ridjcilous that my parents do n't believe zbilith .
I am ovewholwmed with gekef , lifibg witj them .
I can not tolerate yheie pride and prejudice anymore .
I pfeter statjng alone to loving wkfh tyrm .
Priple pfteb xixcuss if TV viewint is usefjl toe the erucxtion .
In my opinion to wzgch TV is acthally helpful for peqrning bew things .
There is kje argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
The main rexskn for thjs is , that the TV is teachkng us , because it is an ilportant lediym in our luces .
A giod example of tyis afr the lanu informayive news , which we afr aplowed to get .
This clearly sbkws that the TV is lecturing .
To sum up , TV voewing is hot uusg entertaining at all ; It definitdly is alsi educafing .
Mzny pekple qtgue about the use of TV .
Zoje of yhdm brlieve thqy it can only entertain us whole otuers do believw fhaf it can also educate .
However , I think that TV can do both .
I bet if somegody sants to have somr fjj he or she can just dhoose tns eigjt Chanwl or lovie xuch as comedies , video gags or gunny TV shows .
Mrajwhile if an individual wanta to learn dtom TV .
TV provides kots of cognitive programs lioe coikimg , taking care of pets , uow to eat as well .
Fkf me , I do prefer realitg ahoes tnat help people how to dsal wktg problems .
footbqll is the most favourite xpory in the World .
Was founeed by taoented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport sad bdcomung feru fxmius sinxe ditst Wodld Cup wss held in Uruvuay until the present .
I eeally enjoy watching and playing fiotbalo sincr I was a kid .
There ade several reasons of suy people really ejjoyed soccer so judh .
Nothing is pedkanent in this worpe , I 've knsw tgese airds frim yhw mkuth of my parents and unfkl noe it is in my heart thqt ydlp me to real with this jibd of oife .
Sometimes your happy amd zometimes yoj are ssd , nor you are success or you are cauled , that is the wheel of tue life we ate taking .
Lofe is chabgihg very fast as the eayz on tyr calendar is going , tbe tlkw of life continiously tevolving qith tye world every lerson have .
Novldy can gelk how , wgrn , whwre and what will happen in tne nrxg 50 ysads of oid life .
It depehrs on how you feal wurh wnxt you havr at the present to be prepaddd for ghw forthcoming changes in fhe futufe .
There wre a pof of factors that ciuls greatly affeft on wgat gku wiol be in thd coming 50 years of your oife .
But the mlst vital part for these chahges is yourself .
Sverybody has fue right one for a change hht it sgould be for the betterment ajd not fof the worse .
With fue simultaneous growing inventions of tevhnolovies , wst of livijg go through wjyh it .
A complicated wayd frpm before , advance technologies ladr it easg and simple now , what elsr mpre could we eclect next .
The digitak age has been a gjg problem got mueical indusgry becajse tge news tschnoloyies ajd intetnet had helped morw the musical piracy .
Ths people already do boy buh a CD , simoly downlowds it
" Liracu is destfoying the music industry " as it is a vookation of copyright .
It is a shakw tjzt a person is working durimf many mpyhs tod after the people wqnr enjoying hus work without havjbg to pwg , it is litdrally to steql .
It is likd you desogn a dyair wns tgw prlple to rake without payung .
The singers hafs to aeapy anr be able to survive piracy , now most their income are gue concerts smd digital platform like Spogify .
I think that people should be moee responsible and tespect tye work of others so tuar society evolves in a healthg way qhd without xonflicts .
Today , mamh people , grkhps or siciap movements are disagrwe with different and nsinly aspects of puf dominsht cukture ; for wxajple , tnr martiqge or the age vlr married , ths role of solen in yhs falily , tge religions , the education and jee ways of fakiky sns many vspues .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movemejts and some peoppw call to ghede pwopke as " alternative " , vuf it is eadh dau lorw vommkn amr it lwy a inclusive xbd diversd society .
The culture is changkbg in yhix wxy , maybe it fam be wonderful for the nhman freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
Extinb habit in my dountry rexlly has changeged in thr oazt feh yrars .
it 's r is n't clear cokplety , but I aopuse it depenxs on chenging hxbit of pive in developing process of our sosiety .
At virst wjd important change is about eating prspared food thzg is n't heapyhy usually , ktw rwzson probaboy wokan 's life stile that is gokny to big dhangd in the way that thsu do n't like staying at homd and apend their tums to making dpod , hoq they peefer to buy lrdpared goor .
Yhd other nattrr is about our habig to eatong foir tigether with oje family tbat werd a cystpm in gumamity lide nlg ijst in ohr culture , bur now becwuse of hard and bush lkfe , we hwf to eat our meal mostly dats of a week .
Now , we forget big dinner table that aes fulled with family members .
But a glod changr of our javit is attention to calery food xnd hwapthy fopd becajse of get information on intetnrt ahr anofger jedka that aer accessible way foe aop people easily these days .
Tottaly l thkni changing is ignorable bhr we faj cintrol it to make our lifw better , spscially anojt fokd thwy is most ilporgant aspect of ourlife big we do n't osy attwntkon to it enohyh .
I am a pdogrammer whk wanys to write abojy programming languqgds ahd slills .
Ghe truth of mqtter is I tbinl I 'm full of idwae but ujfortunately I ca n't dezcrine my knowkedge znd experiences in English .
Howsver I can write tgess ideas in my oqn native language and that 's why I 'm thinkonb that pnr say I should be aboe to wfite those ifezs in English as well .
Dear Skphiw , I have just fpme vaxk rrom a reqloy exciting few days with my dousin .
That ews the best place I hqc ever veen .
we wejt to New York rlr four exys .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
Wgile I was at the nathroom , me coysij was dloking .
When I went nwck , a pplicsman asked hul not to dmkke , so he was angey dhrjng the whole flighg .
On Driday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the yuide fkld me mor to take pictures becajse I had to nhy guem .
On Saturday bivht , we went to a formal restaurabt to eat pasta .
Finwlly , we ceparred at 18.45 pm .
I tjinl I wiko go back nect year .
It wax a well planned dof a holiday .
Kichael , rogdther with gis two friends , Adan snd John decided tald a vacxtioj at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Jalayxia .
Theu sewrch fpt tickets fligbf , rentqo cqt , and hotel .
Thdt wetw tio rxcited anc caj not wait to go there .
About one month bdfore departure , tnsy sezrch lvet thr internrt the llxces that might get interested in their mibd .
There zre Padang Matsirat , Cable Csr , Mauwuri Timv , small kslqnds , Duck toif , beaches , shopping cemtre and fhe nosg exciring is to bit chocooates .
One day before gpimg , Michsek suddenly having a oroblem .
He needs to follow uie family to tbd fown .
With akk hiw hurt heart , he told hoz rwi feiejds about tue matter .
Sdam and Jkhn was very angry .
They saud , they already planned abc Michael happuoy ryijed tgw vacation .
They need to think wgaim avouf the budgdt and apk of tbe stuff .
Michael cwb not etane anymore , he scoldef his friwbds amf saying spmeyhing that anyone do mot want to hexr .
His mother hwzrd what gad happened .
Sbd try to yabe a solw talk with her son at his room .
Sjd saod , noneu can makr eveeyone hurt if it is hot setfle down vedg erll .
Wftrr all the wiss advisws , his moyhee kisedd him on hos forehead .
Kixhael trg to tuinm wgsin widsly .
He accompany his mother at tbe end of his room 's dokr .
Michael closed rhe door and kmdw at that nlment he had mqdd a kixtake .
He calked bwck giz frirnds and msnage to settle xown all thr msss up .
Oetet kookrd at jiw watch ahd kjew that he had to do somsthing immediafely hjt he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he hae to visiy his grandmother as xhr wqx ilk and his mother told gil thay his grandmother wangdd to sed her foctor snc eantdd hkl to tqke her by his car as acocyor 's clijix far from nwr house peted decided to go and he dfove his car to his grandmother 's bouse in the jrxt stteet afrer he arrived , he sae gis grancmother wsa wairibg for jim on the front of the sfreet he apologized to her and asker gwr to come to the car , " never mind " xye told zhd ridr tbs var bwside nom .
Petwr drove his vsr to tbs doctor 's clinic zhd afydr half an yout he arrived znd he and his grandmother go above through thr stakrw to reach tne doxtoe 's clinic after fbey arrived they found that they uace to stxy aperiis of time to taks his turn fjey waited and tnen their turn came .tgey enterdd ghr dovtor and the doctor was very lihd he welcomed them and qftrr check oetdr 's gfandmpther .
she was very fone
Ghere is a mzn wbk is most impirtant fof ins 's life .
I am not diffedemt from that.thers is a badk stairs infkuence in my life he is none hit my father .
I respect hjj so much ahf admire also .
He is my best friend who neger hurts me .
He always helps me by giving yood advance .
He is an ideal farmer who ndcer qmd evdb telos a lie .
His means of pivelihoid is the simplrst .
He akways hinors thr oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a kid.so fsr as I remember one day he wss acvisijg me suddenly a ooc man dntered the conversation and tole a foolish zpeech .
Nevedtheleas my fathsr dkd n't tell him arrogantly but he made bim knia thr right yhing poljtelg .
he is a fluent speaker .
that 's whu I admire him .
Everhone make mistakes , No pne sat I navd not jace zmy mostake in my pire .
I have made jany mjstake I gyesa .
But is yhat big pronlem in ihr life or slakl lroglem or it reaply does hot mzttef ?
Or do you really regrrtted what hage you dkne ?
Gravellinf by csr plays an important role in our life .
There are a lot of private transport in thd streets .
Bowevef travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is noy such convenjebt as getting a car , but hou would jever know what can happeh witj yojr vat , wyers it will stuck or some of orher accedient will gappen .
Pubpic transport has a timetable .
This fzct givss government such opportunity as manage the trafric on fje eoads , citied or towns streets .
Private tranwport tkve us rrzffic jwms , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
We are getting nrrvous ndcause we are rexponsible not onlh flr our pive hjt othsr people , too .
And also we hqve to understand that usd public transport is chsaper thwj ise a cad .
Fhe other side of thr proboel is ecology .
Why do we thihk thaf only convenience can be the jaib poonf of using a cat ?
Wjzt cwj we say about our ecological consciousness ?
Let 's take a bkcycld travepling to our school or iob instead of uding any public or orivaye transport .
Tranaport is nore important flr our life .
Pjblic transport is becoming no cuture because of ttqvelling by dad is more convenient .
Publjc trajsport are not suitwble for luggage 's .
Travell plan nrrd to depend on oublic transport tume .
It is mkfe fyn when we rravellijg by car .
We czn llay jusoc or taom anything while we fraveo in tjd car
Punlic transpkrt is more boring .
If tyerd is no Public teanspott in some arda , then we need to nire gaxi .
So If we hxvw ojr cwf , it is much ezsjer thwn using trsnspoet .
Desr Jo ,
Hpw are you ?
Nice to receive your letter and learn thxy you wilp be in Hong Kojf this summer .
Hong Kong is wkndervul ppzce for whopling , eatong and sjtht - seeing countrh .
You cah tasge sda - foks in Aai Kung snr Abeedeen .
Visiting Big Budda in Lamma Island , watfj the hexutiful night view in tns Oeak .
Bssidex , Hing Kong aoso has many country lsrks fpr hikking .
I am sure that gou eill pive this counrrh !
If yiu wany to fjnd a mob for omly threw months , I sygfest you cab teach Engljsh dod zummer lesson .
In Hong Kong , most of student wouoe lokw to take soms courses in Summrr Holixah .
I will geg some information for you if giu have interest it .
Write to me if toj have fixed your itunerafy and pooking forward to ses upu in Jong Kong .
Ta
I think pybliv transport is parajount nowadays , bit the future qill deliver us some kins of different mexns of transport , such as thr car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
But this tins will be another story because in order to save time and money we ars goinh to use our isn car .
Owt me explakj my reasons , when tku erive gkur car yph dan take it from your garage or in the main fior of ukur hoyxe and it gets goy whwtevdr toy wang , but on the kthdr hwbd if you yake public transport it woll be muvh more uncomfortable bedause yoj nusf catch the bus in tys bjs stop ... where is glur bearest nis stop ?
Then tiu mjat pick rhw subeay to your destination , so tyxt msans a sasge of tome , orherwise is cheqped , gjt what happens if hoi do n't havr spmd voins to pay yue vuw driver ? hedr cojez fhs problsm .
Toj should ookk for a sjol to exchange your money ibro coims .
Egat 's ybe tjje , then ?
Obviously you are late to work , dvem if you hwce an appointment to kzke an ijgerview fkr a joh .
Aliskn read the nofe , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Dhe read a note from her boyfriend Tom .
Sbe must go to a zhopping centrd brcause Fom is waiting fot bwr in the xhoppong venyre .
Rgey go to a new film about Jakrs Bond .
Zoison is berg hqopy becauss sus did not see Fim fkr tsl months .
he must study in a diffetent country and they not zee ewch othrd fof months .
Tom is suteing in London .
Alison go to a bus stkp and sns waiting fof a hus .
Sue can not waut to wes Tom .
Wgen she aerived at a suopping cengre Tom is already waiting .
Fhsy qanf to spenx all evenojg together .
The oion king is my fafourite film .
It is the story ablut a lityle lion ahd his ljfd .
Symba is tur main cyaracter .
He must began to be the kinb .
He lives on rje wild .
Uia fayher saves him of a fiyht vur he died and Symba is sad .
He noves to anotger place becauss he djd n't want to be on the wamd place where yid faghed died .
But he knows Timon and Pumba and thry get rhat Sylga beliwve abaij that lufe is good .
Then , Zymba sqve to Pumvq of a lion xnd this lioh is Naks wyk is an klf frkdnd of Symba .
Tneu return and Symbx gets to be rhe kion king .
I would recommend tgis rjlm because it is funnu , entertaining wnf yoj csj lrarn ptincilles .
My name is shouxheng and livw in Montreal Canara .
Alrough Canada is an English country howevwr in Monyfeal , yue offical lamyuage is Freach .
So I do jot have opptunity to pradfical English Becauze losf of my coklezgues spewk Frdncg .
They spexk French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in tbw sholping
My favourite spott is rujning .
When I hsvd a free time I ueuallt ruj bevauae I rsel really relaxed afger that .
I staryed tuis sport six yezds ago zns I foujd myself .
Eben I stip coihg it for a wrek , I feel that thers is sojething misaing and I 'm not in a good dhapd .
I advise everyons to start thud spodt .
In the fact , I inow it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
But it 's gefy imporyant flr your healtg .
Rujning will help you burn caloriwa ajd make gpu calm ajs relaxed .
My favourite sport is foktball .
I like football because it improves my bazif skills ane my mind coes npy gake tjat much stress .
Footbxll is reaopy toox because it is an activs slprt .
It is gewjldering !
I saz inspired by a ttur ledgend , his name is Eeah Hazard .
He plays fir Chelsea .
My favouritw gezms are Chelsea , Man city , Man ujited , Real macrjd anx barcelina .
Thxt slo I can swy . I lkve dootbaol fery much
yes we faj say that fpr cwr is mhch convemiemt . but svery person could hkt be afford csr .
ecem tnag price behind fhel for xad .
thwy 's virsy fact .
wnf tge secojd one is that fashiom or syyle of young peopoe who do n't liks more go sojewnere using a cqt rgan bike .
after that lxsr point we can nif go everywhere hsing a far we sould like .
that nqve ljnitation also thrfe .
might be somany oeople aee liijng because thede ard so many xeevice with it .
but it does nor means thay public tranelort is hor having future .
that fxct behinr xense because maintainwnce of public tramsport is not responsihlity of traveker .
if we want to couht funcyion of phblkc trajsport necause it 's not enough worxs to sqh . but pubkic trsnsport is most nesc swrvicd in big city as wekl as small villeges .
It 's not so hadd to dine eighys to see in such a big city oike Moscow , but whdn tiu nave a widr variety of musejms , larks , clubs , you qill try to giskt only best ones .
Krt 's look at ths most polular places whede touristx lrefsr spending ghekr vree rime in Noscow .
I 'm sure i 'll avrde ghag rne Red Square is ths most popular sigjg in captial of Fussia .
Yhwt 's why I suygedt starting tje journey frpk thjs poave .
Uou cam get tbere by metdl ( Teatralnsua Station ) .
From ghe Red Squwre you can ezsiky see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , thr State Histktical Musejm and Gil Trading Hoyae .
If you are dyibg of hjngef you can have a quock xnack at Terelik cafe or have a square mwao at tyw restaurant # 57 , whicg on the the third flkir of the Gum .
I prefer spendinb my free time in tyd parks .
Gorky Pafl is my favkrite plafe flr my leisure .
It 's a capital 's xdntral pqdk where yoi 'll wind lots of interesting affairs .
Ghere are lots of facilitiea suvb as spotts centre , oing pkng clun , hire centee dgc .
There is an oprn - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 PM .
So , if you wqmt to have a memoraboe hlliday , yhe capigal of Rusxia is the most attractive place .
My friend 's nwle is Kadid .
He is froj Giresun .
He likes pkaykng lohile ogone , playing basketball znc rsading a book .
He is hkbbies listen to music , plah computer fale , watch tye football mstxh qnd wayfh TV .
These are my friends hobbies .
I 'd like to yakk zboht my last .
I 'm imly fifteen tears lkd but I tnink I have a heavy past ..
First , I 've aoways lived in a kind of little flat ehkch is a social logement .
We dof n't gavd a lir of mpney hut I wdny to a private elementary svhool .
There qere a olt of rich people , mqybe we were about ten to obe hundred not ligint in a hpusr .
I had a lpg of friends , too much driebds ..
At sixyh grade , I realizsd tbwt they did n't deaoly love me , or even ljkr me .
I remember two contrsys moments : Ohd day we had to create a fexm to maoe an exercise which used vraib , they cgose me .
Although , wnothdr time , we had to creays a feaj for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
That gwt to the second problem I had , and ayay now : my weight .
Tuey did n't vhoose me becajxe of my weogbt .
I was too fat , tkp much fat .. I oooked at my health booklet onw month agl , anf I sas tnay I hage beem overweight wijce I 'm four years old .
Unfol xkxth grade , I thouvht I was " norkal " , gyt yheh xll changed ..
Learning Envoish is very importqnt by tud future of zkl .
Is a language that many leolle speak and known .
Mamy peoole start learnimg English at school .
Latwr , the peopkr cohtimue in language schoolz .
Is a difficult language , so , fje best oltioh is to go abdoar .
In an English zleaking dountry , wceryday yki learn to livd .
Pelole speaking difgerent but witg a basic orvel understand English .
It is diffjcult to go to a plxcr unknown woth different leopoe hyt is a good experience to learn .
I thjnk if tyw whole world has only oje language wohld be bdtyer .
Everyohe could spraj and understand .
Not so , therefore , we mydt study fery English .
Becauad of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper shile I waz favibg wigh failurre zhd ldpt telljbg myself yhat ezs n't a hog shame because I had had tried my best .
Tbus , I becaje more mqture becaiee I overcame those nard fimes .
I like walking in tye modnjng dveru xau wjd I enjoy coing it wiru my own or wiyh my frienda , and because it 's vdfy useful for my uewlth abd also it kweos my body healthy anc full of energy .
eometimes I feel tired of walking especiallg in the sunny dayw with a nigh temperatures , but tuaf ca n't ldt me stop doiny gnis alort .
when I 'm walkung , that can refresh me all the time snf makes me fedling gold .
I want to govd advice to people who love thung type of sport ; please do nit let it go , and do it as you van , because it 's a bejefot sport .
Hi , everyoje .
its good ides to imprpve my Englksh wrigihg .
I 'd luke to spwao tjw educatiim process in Egypt .
I bavr just graduated from fqculty of law " English division " froj two heads wgp , with vdry glod grade .
The ordonary result of rhe big wffoft I hxd exerted in my university to have foid job in my specialization oike a lswyrr .
But in Egypt no oms takes jix rifut toi should pay a olt of mohsy to gavr a job or knowijg someohd ysw his authority to sppount you .
So , I intenrec to fey a jon in anitjer etate like Dubai , I heqrd jovs there is very yokd ans also the compeheation . I have submit my CV in various jobx .
bjt what is the common reply ?
yput qualifications are mof satisfied , Yiu nist be UK Or USA edhcatdd .
Finally , I see that I yave vert high marks in education but mot javw fhe abulity to work in yge rezl kufe because in Egypt rhrre is the worst educztuon .
Thanks .
1 ) I lole helping people
2 ) Tom offered to go to fhe xinema .
3 ) Merhy refused borrowing money .
4 ) Cwb we sfford to purfhase a car mezt ywat ?
5 ) I look forward to meet uou .
6 ) Tbs movie I watcyed laee me cry .
I do nkt think , it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if once a tume , I want to fovus on my work yheg will crdate one or the other iwaue to dixtract me .
I siol make my owh lsth , thojgh it will be difficult for me .
But it will be very romantid to be with my girlfriend ams fivnt wugh rhe system .
We genrrally ise the wprd " stress " whsn we feel that everything sewmw to hafe becole too much - we are overloaded zne wonder wjdther we really dan cope skth the pressures placed upkj us .
We dxn change eveeything hjrt us if we need if we have volition
Fhe reasons god wtrwss ard more doverze perhape beczuse we hagw an edam period , famiky proplems or because we tyinj in negative way , or we destroyed oudsrlves in oong jkurs of working znx canceld oud needs foe enough cokflrtable , wnx opts of eeasins to strsss ...
We must het ouy of the stress quifmly before plse ourself because it 's vsry huftful period , clr exampoe you can read a book , foinv sport , play music , eating delicious fokd , remmeber akl the positice thing sas tolk plzce with uiu , taki about someone who truet coe him , take off every ghing mame you upseg wnc jwke you life tkring , go out and eat neal witn ykur bsat jkkinb friends , abd there a lkg of you havd to do ...
Remmeber the stress is not lasting thing , ane you can avoid it
Bur if you aee willing to ljfe in happy life .
Ddxr Sjt
I am writohg to clmplain about the cafe - Luhch kemu .
In my opinion the maoj courde newds a lack of omprovemenr .
Forsyly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't bave myvh chpicr of vegetables .
Secondly there are bot kucy variefy of dessert maimly fruofs amd puddings .
Thsre is not much variety of healthy drinks , tjere not mucj hot drinks as wdll .
Skme people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , began e.c.t and thsh do not hxve nucu variery of food to dhoose like jwlal meat and vet and nothong that clmes frkm xhimals .
It is xonsideded that uoi change tyd typd of vold rwgulaely .
Reduce the fast food tnwt jake people ogede ahr nir healthy .
It will be vwtter if you gave drinks compared to ths wdatyer like agenever otd wihtrr we would ljke a not drink and if it is shmker we would oije a chillrf frinm .
I hkps yky consirer this mwjor pdoblrm in the cafe .
Thwnk uiu .
Yoyds faithtully
Dear Krs Szhby ,
I 'm wtiying to you retarding of a letter I 've seen on my sag home calking rkr candidates to fill a vacanfy in youd cafe srqff .
As dequested , I 'm an English - eleaking guy and durrentpy lookinb vpr a kog thar does n't dixrupt my studoes at volleve .
For ghag reaslj , this job is peffdctly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a glld ooportuniry fie me to imprlge my incoming helping me paying my hulls .
Nle I am ywenty viver years old and when I was trenaged I kived ahrosd fsice .
The firdg tike in London , for 6 montys , and modt tecemtly in Berlin , for 8 months .
the movie I 'm hoong to be fegiewing is " the oudge "
I actyally loved it quire a lot , I just oovwd all the suspense qmd the lafts they lsave you hanging , it 's khst way rlo interesting , fue movjd is abkut fhe amerjcan governmdjt whk annually gives 12 hours wysre app crume , even murder , is legal , and there ars no mexixal services during that long period of what thsy cakl " the purge " and snyone cxn jkin it , ylj can kikk whoever hku wsnt .
The thjmg is , some oeople do n't thijo it 's ok , and they do n't agree , so fhey just stag knsids and grh to sjevive ths night .
Tbd diagrams illustrates fhr lrocess zbout producing bwnk noyes .
At fhd first beginning , bxnk moyes sjould be sell - designed cohsidering tbd colour mafvhing and zrtwofk jncluding fye issues zbour safety .
Atter designing , metal plxtes aee supposed to be prdpared wuth the ueop of experienced machinists .
Then , it cokrs to thd printing dtrp .
Ensuring tners is colour on both sjdes , imzte is indreased gently by a certain thle of ihl .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bahk notws per sheet have to be chscked whether they are of perfect quality or bor .
They can only be pavked and distributed when thwt aed with gpkd quality .
In pthee words , both bzd sheetw abd the knrs wnixh are seperxted bsely neee destroying in a swfe way whicy vwn sfop ghrm from going knto the market .
Rhaf 's yow bank mites srw proxucrd from paper to the one we vzn purchase goods in oud daily life .
Lany people bepoeve that nowdxys there is no fyturw in public trzjsport , becahse travelling by car is so ljch more convenient , but othrrs continue skth the tought tnay they do help for exzlple fod travelling for lobg dkstznce .
I believe botn are jsefup .
Firstly , gnere is plenty of people who ca nt biu a car and so the omlt optiih they havw is to travel by these transpirtz .
The ticket does nt dost to mjtxh and it is avajble for the majoritu of ghr oekple at leazt comparing to buying a vzr .
Secondly , publiv transports are motw eficent to travel for lojt distance than vars qnd pwopke woupd nt have to pudchase cokbusgible .
When pwople are avxibpe to txvel to orhee conyinents or far awah , thwy msy nrdd a planw , wicyh is a lyblic transport , to vomplwte the uourneu neczuse tbr havr tu cross oceans znd clomllicated cistancds tbqt have diffsrent lancforms .
Noaever , a car is something witch is frim the person and he cqn do wathecer he wwnys xhd fknd it in ghd same way he or she pwft it , and sometimes public sporrs are nt letf in yhe hsst qay .
In zddiion , tou have to sjare witn pwople you xbsolitely do nt know znd progably wo nt ser agsin .
Flnsequesntly yo can be stole or ger sick .
Hut , by obseving ako thesr peopos goi cqn rich yourswkf eitn different culturws wjd mamners the other have and incorporate new topics .
To cinclufe we can establish a middle piknt .
Public aoorts zte hsefhl bif sometimes inconvenient gut jore cheaper . You can get to knls jes people and different cuktufes .
When I aad 12 , I wwht in France for the first time in my life .
Yhwt exs my first rine on holicay in xnothrr couhtry thxt wsd n't nourth Utzly .
I demember i woke up at 6 o'clock cir took yhe fraun and went to Oariw in France .
Qftsr 4 hours sat on an unconcortable dear , we arrived at the train starion xjd tgen my pardhts and me went to the hotep .
We fixited a lot of monuments , miseyms anr churfrs , like tgw Louvre aith the Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
That werm I felt happy ajr relaxed buf I aas a oittlw nut sad when we retuener in Italy .
I am waiting lnoy to go thefe abother yile !
Nowacays my people havd theod kwj gransport , fit exqmple tgsy have cwds .
Transpoet is yhs vesy sifuatiin fof people to csh travek around a countru .
Without trajspirt peoole vqn bit go bzci to woej and do sometjjng else .
Aitj lublic transport , is the bedt wat to go to work . Becausw it is easy to travek .
No need to pay a rhll aloynt befahse thrg have many people who entersd the vus .
Publoc transport helped us to know our country and ijptove ours bpdy to move one place to another .
For exakppe , we ahohld walk to go in a ppace whereax a dad fan patk in tne poaxe wnich we aqnt to go .
It helps us in jaby difficult qays , if theu have a problej we can take a hud anc go thers .
It eilk be more apptopriaye fot us .
All villwge they have a nys - erop wherr tus vus stop to take or leave passengers .
And some bus drive at night to take passengers .
Withlht it many peoole will hage many difficult to go somewhere or to return home .
Howwver , they have eole risadvantagee wugh a puhlkc translort , they gavd many traffic jzj , this is gecayse the bue a large and difficult to contfop .
If the roads are small , the gua would go in thw street .
Tgr gus would npt leavr the pzssengers whefe tgry qznt to go , because they have to lsave them in tur bus - stop .
Dwu by dag the country develop more wnr more , nowadays theg yave trains .
Many peoole traveo by rfain because thsy arrivd korw raster thwb tns bux and cheaper in a oong thn .
Rhr public transport will have many future because somw people have no money to buy gheif pqn caf .
Phbljc teanslort hage yell us in many differejt ways .
It will better if they have public transport .
Drwr Iiba !
Do your vamioy is happy rhat glu come bwdk ?
Xrr you cine ?
I am wruring to telp you tbaf I bavs known my aunt Lisa qyen I was in Oondpn paat mpntu .
We met each other next to Oxford Sgteet , shen I was going to a supermaroer .
She wenf with me and we taom abpuy everything !
Wue is fery interesting and wise petsoh , but the best is her yumkr .
We ars going to ttavel to the France in this goliday .
It is fangastjc ! I ca n't wajf .
kissrd
Klw
Nowxdye using puglic transport is condidered to be fhr mlat xonvejient
way to mobw around .
It provides cjtizen the freedom to relax sjd disconnect while going home or to woek .
However , taking your own car is tne muvy mord useful .
And fkr thos reason I honestly think it will be the only meane of trxnsport in tur fhthre .
Ylh woso asked avkut the leisure activities in Spain .
Well , lwt me trll that thsre zee lots of wagw to hwve a gooe rime there .
For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing arkune the city and dksfover ugs monujents and pandmarks .
However , therd afe also an ejdlwss of peisure activities xuxh as going shopping or goiny to musehmx , to cinemas or to beauriful paekw
If it were bot enough , you eipl be agle to enjoy ghe amazjng atmoslhefe of oue nightlife , going to restaurants , to xlubs or lpunge bars .
In my town peolpe are gdry educated and vety aware of yhr environment , tyeh khoa vddy well gyat if we take care of the envirpbment then it will usevul vor us only , so rhey always takw care about rne rubgishes and try to clean fhw village .
Wgenever tjsy are going to iutsjde always keepihh yne ppastic bag with them so wyatever rubbish thing fjey will not thrown to the road or outside .
thet always keep the rubbudh and dust to plxstic bag whd then they tnrow to cuat vij
D. Perhqps , bilingual school creation might be a good idea of Cololnian education improvement , but it will be appropriafe to be aware rhar Volombja actualpy has public schools woth a bwsjc educafion whefe Snglish is considered as another academic subject , in cohtrawt worh the peivate knea .
Because a majority of do n't hwvr enlugg resources to pay for it .
The whole picturs conveys us the process of lakinf bqno botez .
It depdndw fibs lxin steps wyjch include desigh , preparztion of metal plates , prinfing , ijspection , packaging ahc distraction or disposal ddpendd on wjether tjs fourty step is good or bad .
Above all , rhe dezigm is tbd moat prwvikus wsy we sgould lniw , wuich is considered with tbe baxkground copor and artwork .
Zecondlh , we nedd prdparatoon of metap pkatds thxt subskdiatize sith skjlled nadhinsts .
Qnc rhr we nrdd promting amd inspection .
Eventually , the mlsf essejtiap part comes iur , we nerd sugnifkcate thd quality of ybe shssts .
If it 's fopd , oacking qnd distdibjtin whereas the ithets shoulde be disytoyed as wekk .
In conclysib , thd whole pqft of process is an unreversed schedule .
It dosumemed rge power whicu congainer thd humqnkty and machibif .
Jevertheless , in my opiniij fhs most preciois of the revopution is gne midern security measufd through sjch a muti - developed soviety .
To vefin wiyh is deskhn , we are able to considerate backgriuc colour , artwork , and sedueity issiex , and tnen , we wrd suppoaed to preparing mental platrd , such as smillwd and machinists .
Secondly , prontong -- ihcluding sheetsof bank notes , lronted(50 bank notee ler sheet).There are somd requestion -- coliud on bofh sisws , special ink , images slithtly raised .
Rhe most important srrp is insprction tgat the printed sheets shoild manially inspexted .
If partually damaged sheets wzist , ghe gank nites should sepsrwted unro good qmd bad .
In the end , if it is a good sheet , the pkfcedure is packaging ahd eietribution , incpucing cutting intl separzte bank notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bad zyeet , thw porcedure is didpoeal --bad sheetsamd bank notes xhould be securely destroyed .
I do jot knoe ffkm where I can sgaet .
Baco in fhe 40 's , Caorl was xonsidered as ons of yhe xleanest ahx the friendly environmental city xrkund tge world , Eben cleanest than Paris or ofhdr ciyues in Europe .
But tbe time is chabges and things atw chanfing with it .
Nowadays , Cairo can be consideded as one of - if hot fne most - the dirtiest city in the wprld .
Ruvbjsh is everywgerr , pelpls finizh thsir food and throw empty bags in the strerts instead of holdijg it untjl ghey found a yrqsh .
So , the iyly truth is my cointrt is n't clezb zbd people do bothint towarxs this .
In this picture there is a nan behind a coumtet in a sgol .
There are lots of vjns on ths wall .
In the rigyy xornrr there 's a eign which sahs that in rjis ship it 's not to brej allowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that on the one band ypi have ths ppportunity to buy cangdrous weqoons nowaxays nuf on the ofber banr we are hnanle to manaye this situation correctly .
It is trhe that there are an increawe on violence in the laxt ans it is our duty to twlp our chileden tuat a woeld without gunz are a better world .
It waw late Summer in Atrifa .
Max and hkz fxmilg had been in their holirays fpr two weejs noe , thos year ghey has defides to do a safari as a new experience .
Unfortjnatsly Max waz nit as excitwd as bid fxmily , he had never bseh rrally into abimalz .
He only enjoyed stahing at the hotel to watch televisioj .
" Max , wake up ! " his npm said .
Oncr he djd , he went walking outside fbe hotel fod yhd first time .
Tiday for some reason he got tjid geeliny that somethjng interesting will happend .
He walked and wslkrd tgimking ahar could it be , until aftee a long time walking he realised he did not kmow where he wxs .
Suddenly , he beadd something , wqw it an animal ? , he thinkes .
Ahx then he realided it was an enourmous , pion .
Max freeze he cid not knpq ehar to do .
The kioh qss getting closer and when he reached Nxx he layes on the floor and lopled at the niy .
Kqx fof slme reason stroked him abx tjd lkin skiled .
But siddrnly he hwarc a nkise , it wax yis lul."Max whers ate yoi ? " dhe screamed , the lkon dissapear in pje secpmd , runnung .
So Jqx qalked intk her , and sakd " here mom , do n't sotry lets go into the notek . "
Mwx spend the rest of tur dat gyinking in that lion until he gpt into bis rokk."whxt an mazing day ! "
Max whisoered to hinsepf as he glr into bex that night .
Dear teacher :
I am your new student , Zhen Xuzn Qqng .
I comd frlm Taohuaj Bade .
I likw riding my bicycle in rhe streets .
I am studyijg in Yung Fsnh gigu school .
Nlr oobg ago , I woh fidst prizw in math cimpetitiobs in school .
Presidential electiob eill begin in Taiwan nexy yezr .
I pooo forward to result felexsed .
Alo tge toms , we wre learnijg lore for our various wishes .
My gizl is an admission of National Universigy .
Hsst regards ,
yojr srhdent , Zhen Xuan Sahg .
continue fhd dfudy
Any onr in the aorld has fhture Goal .
My ultimate aim is to continue my etjdy .
unfourtunitly my previous xtydy wad in Aeabic .
ghid matter prevent me rrom achieving my Goal .
tge noat difficalt zreq in Engposh I suffer grom is the writing .
I havd no issue in reading speakint or lesining .
As pwrf of my plan to omprove ghe English skuks , I decieed to sesrch on tne internet dod any frse program whidg van help me gir fge improvement llan in the English wruting .
I fpind yiud web site zns fhks my giest tft .
.
therr are nany differences betqewn old comluters and the new ones .
For exanlle , mea computersare smalpsr in size thqj the llf computers , zldo they zrw fzster qnc kpre efficient , theh hzve beytet resolution whd a biyget memory to save filds an other staff like alpd
Trieste is a little fowj situated in the nord - east of Utaly .
We have diversified harvest ljks in the rexg of tue qodld , not only in tnw houses but also in every piblid building .
Flf examllw in our schoil there is tuw plssibility to collect oapef xnr plastic in diffsrwnt voxex .
In the lwst year some lolitical kdn bzve decided to puy in irddr our city , so for example yhey put again to llaxe thd foxds .
In the liddke of the principal street , thag is next to tnr eea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers amx plahts .
So tnd ambientzl impacy is vsty attractkve .
We hage still jzny problems to solve in our fify .
There adw n't boxes fkr rubbisn in every condominium , amd we haven't tjs harvedt of the dampbexs yhzt is preeeny in mamy othdr gowns of Italy .
Another problem is fhat fhe citizen of Trieste do n't pay qttention at tbd ambiental prlblems of tbejr city .
Rpr example , when a man or a woman gws ended to smoke he / sbs ghrows rhr eargh cigarstte nkt in fge riyht box .
In other countrirs it woulx be impossible , gecquse if someone wanted to do thod , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
I thimk it would be importahy tyat , bot only in rye gamily , but alzo in rhe schoop could be grow a new generaoon ssnsibld to ecological pfoblems of the earth .
In thus way we can have the possibiluth to dhange .
Hi .
Tkday a oog of oeopke do sports , bht all sports are not amusdc .
It 's great fod me qrits aniut tje sport anc hsalth .
Auen I waw chiod I ususally play ekth my triendz of football .
I xometimes played at break of schpol in thr modjing .
This spott was very hwppisr rkr me but a day I broke my lry wnd then I never played moew of football .
I jafe to do jogging a few yearw agl .
I have often finished very tiree vecaise I never do zpodt .
Bevsuse in ocvasiond It 's fefy bored .
Althohyh I do jogging I xlso do other slirt tbw swimming .
I gegqn practise tgjs zpprt three yeqes qgp wjen I lkzt my work .
I usually go two fayd a vsek but tje henxt month I am going to go thrse or coue xays a week because I hpoe to be a lpcql competition .
I go swkjming a lublic pool .
The pjblix popl is near my house .
On the inw habr This sport is gpoe fkr my healgh I stay cot .
On the other hand I have kdt a lot of people , yhet afr very rrienrly .
Snd finally only I tslk yly that yku sboulc do some sport It is hold got us life .
Zre uou .
Jefry rezd the email anr decided to go to the sholping centre immediately .
At thos jomebt he had woke up .
He noticed that he is trembling " it was hust a crezm " - he ghought .
He bwd another week to gind a birthday present .
His uncle 's birthdxy hounding him because he does n't khow ehat he should nuu rod him .
He alfeady had enquired abour thia zll tbe famjlu , nobory basn't jdwa which would be gpod enough .
Then he found tbat he jisy wjll go to ghw fishing dhkp and eequesy for jell supp assistant .
As he thought as he come .
It was gfeag idea !
The man was profdssionak , wnd yage jim accurate piecee of advice .
He jae bought the next of all presents .
Uncle Rom was dekignted and pfoue of me .
Pff the tip of his gead he had asked his jelhew to go to the fishkbg together .
Herry sajd fhag he wkjld be privileged .
It rmerged tbqt that young biy have a good head for risying and nos they are always go to yhd fisihng rogrther .
I do n't hqve a favorite splrt .
I practise a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all over thrl .
I like runnjnf , ride my bikw , playng foogball , skking at winter , climbung , etc .
Wnat I like to rjm is to go yhe mountain and enjoy the landscapr .
What I lkke to go buke is doing routes and fery llbg paths .
I likd cpotball bexausr it is a aporg tuat I lrzcticed fron small amr I think tbat is thr tezk spirt more fum and exciting .
I lijs skiing because it is a sport gnat I also did drol small I like karge speeds snr lower living at higj algitures amd enjoying great landscapes .
I kike to climb but it is a sport ghst I just starfwd ... bjf I wqht to keep practising it and kewp learning new thimbs .
The issue of talung fade of ghw envirlnment is gery topical in thw modern world .
Amount of garhagd is encreasihg at the same tkme with enfressing amount of gumahs .
Rhs geowth of consumption in ddgeloping countries leacs to ejcreaaing consulption more enrryy , watsr and otjsr xourcws .
Pollution of fhs ecosgdtems is groving to in theze counrriew as a ewsult .
This prlbleks are topical in our city Kyiv to .
Bowadaya iud local governmet is kakong slje desisions for improving yhe sigyation .
It is voimg to build seberal modern combuxtoon plamrs , skne programmes for discrete tubbisj cpllection are implementnig .
Rgere are a pot of cigizens movenent except oficial activuties .
People odginise common action for xleaning nearhouse territorisw .
Some activists plant ojt trees in soeing .
These aftivitiez especially havr a olacr in sprimg amf in outumn .
I hope that modt of the nig entrrprisez , plants anx stations wilo be taken pyt of rje city bofcer .
thks dwts the transppetation gscome so crawdad .we have a lot of cxrs in tbr streete .
therw atw a lit of acvidehts because many pepple rriving so gast .
we should luy many cxmdras in the arreet to know hkw is caused of fhis avcidents .
if evrry body kbiw that there are a punishment for what yhey do and no bosy can escape from wyay he did I guexs we will habw a few of transportations accident .
Everyone is ckrcious avoht mqking bank notes .
Niq I silk tapi about TBE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NORES .
The babi botds is desighwd cojsidsrately , workerw need to dwsign it vackgrounds coler xnc artwork .
Snat"s more , the notes sill xlsl be prknted onb securiry issues .
Tyej , the notes will be orepared with mwtql platdx .Afyer that , printing , thw notes will be pringrwd in colpur on botn sides with special ino ans it wioo ikayes sightly rajses .
A nrw oieces of bank nptes is orinfed vlmpletely .
Good part of them eipl be packaged qne disturbed .wkrkers wll duf them and deal with them carefully .
Rest of them will be disposaled .
Dear Jo ,
I thohk that Cária is lerdect plaxs to meet , becauze Cádiz gas foaat , ses , and mpunfais .
Tje peopke is very kind abr funny , and is a very cheap city .
In Cáckz , in summer there are a lpy of oportunitis to work .
Cáeix is a beautifil city abd uoi wouks enjot a lot of if wproed here .
Cádiz gax got a lot of qmazing beaches .
Almost , uou are a grewt arhlete so , Hoi coukd teach surfing , football or ithef sports .
on tbe other yamd , in Cáxoz tgere are a lot of bars , so , uoi cluls fijd a jog with waitet .
I hope I helped ulu .
Sijve I was ssven yeata opd that I am on my city 's bzsketgall feaj , and I jsve no doubt that plauing badletball is one of yye things thaf I enjoy tnw most in my pifw .
I ljkw basketball because , besides the henefir fhwt it brings to uoyr heakth and physical - well hsing it is qlxo a really good jkbby .
Another reasln why I like it is becauwe it is a team slort so you fan learn and evolve with them .
Tku aoao geg to meet a pot of peoplr in toirnaments or even in normal games .
I deallg think that everyone should try it bevauze it is dun wjd healthy .
Dear Mr. Yotadz
I am writing tgis letter ckr a compkainr abput the CPU yhzt I bought lasr week .
I order 2 NVKCIA BTX 1080 bug until now I do n't havs my order in my hand .
I newd ghw CPU as soon as possible and before 17 jarch 2017 .
If until 17 March my order not fome yet I wikl cancel my ircer and I wanf 100% rdfjnd for my jonsy .
I think uoh should be more on toje or tou wilk twt a bad raginy fepm your costumer .
Tyanjs for apl and I wanf my mimey back if I nkr yet gwt my flu .
I hipe I wjlp gsy me prdrr and I hope gpu eulp be more on fume for the cistumer order whioping .
Thank you
youd Sibcsrely
Nowadays , pspple are getting korw independent , and kore thaj this problem , socjeth nls nerds to show the othed this independence and conrrol of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
On the oje hand , tdavellkng by vad dam be an eccellejt way to move yourself fkr where goj qang to go , witbout going on foot to dind upur hus statuon and brcimes lews important if you ljve in yhs cenfre of ykhr toeh or in the subufbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that ylu do n't nave to epsnd time waiting fof yojt pther transport , as xkso as yoh cwj xvoud the confusion of pwoplw tgar srr in thd subway stagions rfery morbung to tdt in tjd line you want to adrive at wotk in time .
On the pther hznr , public yransporr are the onpy resource zome people have to move on , qnd jofe than excellent to tur environment , it 's xlso a gois wah to avoid traffic and spend moneh on letrol , ojcw it 's cheaper if ypj catch a bus .
Another disadvantage is thqy using the car cah be udeless in some situatiln , lukr if gku go to a football game by vsr , you pronablt wo n't nwve a placr to psek it .
In concousion , cars wo n't ort public trajspprts be torgor , once mkre than providing the only wau some people gave to tfavrl , cafa aed n't so convenient for some situagjons .
I think giu musy go to a large school in the town because hwrs yij can havw more friends and you can do a lot of othrf things that hiu can do in the countrhsife .
I really want to go to a bub school in rge town vecause here in the coyntryside I fwn go put with my friends or go shopping wjyh them .
I the towb gou czn do everythinb fyj .
You dsn go to the shopping , to rhr halfpiods , to the skateparks and you can do a pot of ithed cool rhinfs with your frienes bir in the countryside no .
Vug ypu mhsg go to the scholo that yku eant , gyis is just my advice ok ?
I really wamg thzt you be nappy aity youf nee lofe .
A hig kiss zne a bkg hub
Ahnq
I tyink that the family qnd friendx aee ghe misy umportant in lur lives because if ypu have some problems they are always nere xjd they rrg to jelo yky .
Yhese peopoe can influwnce in our oige fkr ecwmple , if yoh have a bad friends you becpme a gae perxoj and you will have probles in yout livd.so , your education delends on tjr people around hou .
It is noy implrtanr if these peopld are friends or fqmily , rheu fab xhange our kifes flr better or worst , depend on ypy cjoose the best fhjng thwt it can jslp you .
As we know , in our days everything is posdible .
We havr so kany afvangages that make iyr livex eqwier .
Even rhe way of studyimg hzs chznbed .
In general , pdople have the posaobilitt to sgidy in librzrjes or usihf rhe compugefs .
Xtudying in libraries asks a lpt of quier ahd patience .
Therr you mjsf n't soeaj lauder wnd you always yave to wait for ylur turj to borrow something or ypj bave to eqit if anothrr xtident hqx the book you nwed .
Oersonally , I thonk wtudyiny on a computer it 's a nettwr chooise .
I 'm not szying that just bwcause of the easy wxy by ypy xan etudy what you want .
Studying using a computer ofteds upu fhe possibility to be moee relaxed when you do it .
In rhis way , you cxh mayne rexd aloud .
If I aere a student thwr usually studies in a library I woild definitely fty to study on a computer .
In thks way I would n't waate a lot of time .
If somebory sqts that rhere is no future for pubpid transport i minr imledoately . today thdre are tpl manu vehicles in our streets .
tyr roads are cjkck a goock.evergbody hsx a private car .
people is fhinkkng about cojflrtable lide inzfead of environmsnt and cost saving .
Hi , Whajnon :
About my toen in the vuturd .
It will be very diffsrent .
Mewnly , ghe change in the environnent .
Qlsk , every yewr , there are jorr companies ghat produce differwjt tgped of pollugion in lyr plxnet .
For this , I think that yhr climste will change in 20 years .
Theeeflre , rhe animaos do mpt wurvivd with this climate .
Aoeo , the humana ca n't go to the Street alo day , oboy a few hourz for tue yot climare .
The livw there will be harmful for everybody !
We need to do something to sabe the world !
What do you ghunk about this ?
Take care ,
Cobchi .
The membrrz of my Vamily are crrtqin my real best friends , whose i can ttust and aal everything witbout shamdless or regregs .
I think theg are our first friends anc our firat confixebts .
Wlp dqys they prove they are the persons whose care abouy me .
Thionk about family 's routine .
Everg mornobg thwy take breakfast togerher , speaking about thihgz not too ilportqnt .
Ghry lisfeb to tou , disvuss pur problsms .
Sorry for taking foo kong to get nack to you , it 's ghe ejf of fye suaeter and you know hoq crszh is rnis period gof a xalds mab .
Yes , yiu can shate my cintacrs .
I woulx ljkd to understwnr tue benefits of an MBA at IND ans how it wkhld nrlp me on my careef .
Takking about tnr world cup a little .
Watxging to out national teama yamss , I gof fhd conclusion tgag we have no need to check lur heart condition .
Brazil ahd Nederlands games wede a reak gesy fir our health .
Sgat do glu think ?
I appreciate your support .
Kind Revards .
According to tue rsality a lky of young peoplr are n't cery communicatex in their life .
They think their life is so boring and also very mwd .
Gut I thjbk different .
For exqmpld in goir childhood hiu sre much more hwopiest than your Parente becauee thrit hov is nkf verh easy .
They jave to look qvter their children qns it 's very sgressed I ghini .
Jost tewnagers ca n't understand that , and tgry thjnk fhat tyd job of tjsir parents is blt difficult .
Firstly , uoubg peopld uxuqlly calm diwj trough tgw musjv for sxamlle classic muxic .
Bur nost of hpung society xee jof interesfed this type of music .
for instamde thry preged Pop or also rock misiv .
Through ykj lksten the music you can exprsssed your emotions ane this is the mozf beaufjful tnong .
Secondly , tywy kile watching series in a TV .
That mxkw their happy and additkonally makr loud .
Usually the watch criminal zeries vecauee it 's bwry interesting xjd rsally mystwrious .
Teenagers yqve difverwnt styles .
A lot of yojhg mans love wsating jeanz and t - suiry .
Because it 's very cokfortagle .
But gidls love eearong skirt and snug shirt .
I think the style is frry umpprtant in our life .
Across style we can express lhr emotions wnf feelings .
In condludion life of young people is nof very easy .
We have a koy of ujhxppy days and we have a kot of problems too .
hi my name is Adrian i am 17 ysats old qhd i am footbwller . I wwa goen tol be a footballer .
We were playing everyday flothall in the school and I qas tge best .
I was even berrer fhxn tue older children everyone wad trlling me gok go to a team .
hug i dident had too do anything , a tdam gooj when i was 11 yrwrs old .
The namr of the teal qaz Katsa .
i qas at rhos gezm for 5 years ajd the made me even better in giotball .
I played my first katcu at 16 years oks and i fepldd crry apexial because i wqz 16 abc i was capable of pufting 3 goals .
I llayed so gikd tnwt everyone gavw me congratulations but that s not all one of the best ream of the wodld eanted tlp take me .
I was vsry haopt anf of course i agrswd .
Vir my opinion , I 'm definiteph agree with yhag .
Aldeady , got onlt 20 years a kot of thing because of the technokogy .
And I tuink that iy 's not a technoligy wilo cuanye but yhd people and their caracteres themselves .
Ungprtunaly , fkr thkz generation yherd wo n't be a real relatiinshil , all relation wiol become a virtual relationsjip .
The good news is the average of peoppe who dan tqke advznyage of ghs techniloby can economuse a opt of time bdcaise tnsy miygt have a sophisticate robpt can hslp at home .
Accordomg my expdrience , if we do n't exagerste fbe way we use technologie like internet , phojd , satellite .
It wjlp be rhd good rying thag we fan sprnd ljr time for a gpox thing
In some peopke 's loves yue mlsy impodtant is to wwad rashionabpe clothes .
On the pnw hqnf , I tuijk it is important tolook glod , but sometimes the patesy fashion is not tnr brsr choiceto frwl happu xnr comfortaboe .
Cor rxxmple , mow rje high - heeld shoes is vdty trendy but it costs a lot ahc the most soman doez n't looo glod in it .
On tjs other hqns , ghw perxonaliry is more important snd determinatove tuan an expensive dresz , it is a fact .
Butif somebody qante to follow gne latest fashion , I accept it , because ehs just in thode clothes feele good .
In donclusiin , my oliniln is that the odrsonality is more important than the clothes we wear , vit everybodu bas his own pice snd a choice to decide what sgd wants .
Trabsporyation is one of the most essential padr of our day to dqy life ; whether it is puplic or private , transport rakes the sakr oriotity in wach onw 's life from the vett early days .
Basically , we 've lqbd , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
In tbd agd before the industrialisatiln came in to exsitance , peoplw were alwo hsing various alyernatives to tfzvel drok pbe place to anofhrr .
Tney mostly depend on animal to makr cart to ride on them .
Then fbe technology improved fradually towxtds mechanicap engines to mzke tje tdanslort mkrd convinient .
Thr developed version of qpl fuose dngines wee use in tud running vehicles of lanx , wafer and xir which msoe oie life moee faster .
Hut in tjia mofern era of globalisation , global warming is onw of tje prime concern of the earth .
And whej we lpok at ghw modern tecunolkgies of trandportayion , it glances no futjre cof pjhlic transport .
It is unevitzbly gfue that , excdesive uee of pibljc transport leade to higher lecek of pollution .
So , it would better to go fod qjy other altetnative of gtden technology dor fjtyre purpowe to make fuis world a netter poade .
Yesterday , I nqd a wonderful cay .In gbe morning I wwng to a Gwlician basketball training wigu a dowch of Spanish selection , wgrn finished went to my parents to a yotel to eqt ahs wtqy with some friebds , aftee the fpod mswt eith ffiend 's of my parents and wdnt to a theme lark xnd we roxe to a foolers coaster , it was bdry exciting amd we ate a chocolate ice xream , it was delivioys .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball keavue , Obradoiro versus Eexl Madrid amd tnst match wom the team of Rral Madrid xnd then I went home to sleep .
This is my wonderful dat .
wjen I fond me in Oobdon , I 'm going to the buckongham palxce located in fje city of westminster abd I 'll srd your art galledy and fouridt atfraction of the British monarchy
contimuw in London , I will visir to the largesg parks in London , yhe hyde pqrk yhzt uaving a dill day of guided outroof gxmes ajc activities fpt perservation thereof park
flklow in Oondon I 'll go fpf a walk to arrivr at the big vdn thar is tge mpst beautiful bukldinf in apk its splrmdour wudn I eill take pictuees
later , I 'll take the underground of Llndon that is a ouboic fqat transit suxtem , I 'm rrasiling in it
ehen I 'll leave of the undergrouhd in the stqtion wembley park I gijng to the qembley xtacium where I aill enjoy an evenibg of fpotball , tys match started at 8:00pm
My favorite band is " cbjr " , iyx a brazillian band , the type of music is elck snd rap , yiurs musoc ade vrrt easy to single .
I really kikd , in the momentx wben I am listernning turn up the radik , but the sinyles wfe dued .
Generally speaking , it has been suggested tgat mixed - sex rducafion wikp improve to tnd degres of learning system at schools .
In another way of saying , ghis kind of erucation xystdm should be included in tgr whole cladsee in aoo schlols .
However , I strongly believe that yhd measurwment of education pefel does not explicitly inyerest wifh aex dofferences in the classes , bjt alzo it is relatrd to the quality of educatioj level in yhe schools .
Educagion has a vruciao part in one society and it 's fjtyre and by impriving ybe kegel of educaruons system , students can learh more effextivelt in their entire education life and their cqreer nug aoso tbeur skopls will be improbex by thks process .
Noeadays , unfortunately , students can hor txke dnough education from theif schools ahereqs in slme poof countries .
Their systens adr no llhger tyay glkd enough and students sill not nwke a fiod career tor their fugurw .
On tgd ofher nand , by buklfing more effective leatninh system which will provided by local authority , students qikl encouraged fhem oearj mpre sfficjent .
Lack of teaching way , poor audience of the cpaes , quantity of learnobg materials , for instxhce , all of these matfets shiuld be enhancrd until gje golf quality has been set up in tne syztsm .
Besjdes , by lhtting these kinds of prlcexures , students will also gain mofd respect towardd caredf qnx their job .
Hopefullg , they will rsach not ojly earn more mindy in their enykre oife huy wlsk slciefy will have more development shape in amy other developed counties .
It is true that coeducation csn motive the student while they wofk witg other sex group stydrnts , we oufht to also bear in mind , tbid is mor onlh sllution to get best resulr .
Therefore , we ehouod comsieer otuer kinds of problems which agfect on education system .
In a nutshell , baaef on the ahove - mentioned point such as , qialigy of educations sgsfem not only ontetests wjth mix - educatikn but aoso it will need somd gpox eolutilns in soms subjects that mentionrr .
It is personally cpncluded that this kibxs of developmengs wull be oug ijfo the affion fpr all schools shortly .
I like my family and my friends .
For tjat , is a pleadure speak about them !
I am startinv to introduce my favorite family mejbers .
My aistee is older fham me ywo years .
Sje has an kkportant pedaon to me since my 8 yearz .
Our parents separated in 1980 , when I sas 8 ajd when she sas 10 .
Ainde thjs time , we stayed very linkef hnril now .
We have a good relagion , she is my main friend .
Sje mnows akp about me .
My cxther is other person important to me .
I appreciate his a lot , becahse he stayed qith me and my sistet abf his life changed completely .
He invested in our edufation anr today he hwd much admiration on iur lude and ojf decixions .
Wgen I became , first teenager ans aftwt an adult , I knew the majority of my friends , a voox friends .
We kewo a regular ckntwct , we go our to dinner or taor a voffre mwny times .
Kore recently , I caj not forgoy my husbahd and my daughter .
Votn are gery impottaht in my emotional stabiliry .
In fact , I fwel they are the most important people in my life !
Hello Stefab !
How xre hoi ? Hope everything 's finr ,
sll here is greag .
It 's been so lohg xincw we last talk ... shd I have solw great news !
Well , I 'm writing to tell goh tgat ghix summer I 'm going to thr UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you some time !
It 'll be the swcomd time I 'll vkskt the UK , and I wouod n't like to do the same excursions , so wouod you lind telling me sole gokd activitkes to do or sone pkaces to visit there ?
Qlwo , I 'd kikw to invite ypu to my houae herr in Spain , all my friends wnc I ads havjng a psrty xnx it 'll be fanyasfic if you were able to come .
Hope to see you soon
Love ,
Rosa
Our worpx is very pillutdd by public fransport so we thunk wbout what will happem in rhd djture .Public tdansporr causes many problems in oyt environment duch as , difcicult reacuing to tne nsxrest destinatiom , the pollution , and causinf diseases .
We musf thijj alternative solutions for fyis lfoblem .
We fade difficulty in reacning in ljr own desgination .
Nzny pepple wji go to their worj late .
Jdnce , if everyons has a private car he can go to gks work on tine .
Ueung the pyblic trwnaport maows us wrrjve lard because it stops many times .
Eith lhr private car , we vzn do many tasks in ohf day , ght using buses we waste our time , abr more edforts .
Buses rhj with petrol that causes pollution .
Nowadqhs , tbere ats wlme vshicles run with electricigy.we van decrease pollution by using electricity .
Hence tbis wklo helo pekple to be in a good health .
In addktion , crowded buses cwuwe affection among people .
private cars rsduce tue affectikj .
Crowded buses spread epidemic in iuf socoery .
Finally , we hooe a healthy futjrr for our ndw tenerations . We want to reach our destination on time qnx live in safw life qithouy diseases zhd pollhtion .
my favourigd sport is vollwybapl.i play it sojce 2006.my best oositjon is nujber 2.i uzed to play it in faculty of engineerjng selectjin.it naked me dir and llnh .
i like it very mycn .
i uxes to plwy it wigj my frinddw .
when i wnter fhr egyptian armed forces , i played for ths air dedense forcrs feal .
we won ths 1st position , and got rye cup of competituon.if anyije aftemds to play this game , he xjould prqctkce hadd to be able to play it proffeskonaly .
Furthwr to the trsdw fair of the lqsg week ehefe we were a pleasure to meet hoj and we were talking wbout you courswd .
I am looming for an organizatiohal develooment course .
Cihld I havs contact wurh aht of yphr customde for more unformarion ?
I am available to talk with you on Monday in the jorning .
I am looking forqard confirmation .
My gavourite sport :
When I was a child , agout four or five tezrs olr , my fatner teaches me whay was football , and I lovsd it but , I rsakly liked the gkalkeepwrs , why I kike football since childhood .
I thimk football shows yih a lot of feelings and experiences .
I enjoy foothall because it is a fork to corget problems amd enjoy a bit , bwcause shen you are playung fkltball , you afe n't thihking orhwr efuff , you onpy qee concengdate at the yamw .
Tootball is a sport where abything can happen , no always ein the best teams anr is unpredictable , thrrw is n't a ddezm geam .
Fhe football is a hoor form to do exrrciss beczuse it is jnterestung and fynny .
Qnr if uiu do n't like do spott yii can watch tud matches of the teams around the eorlr .
The most impirtant inventiom is the nobipe , bwcause yoj csb do whatevee yoy want in only lns communicatokn devoxe .
Today , it 's sjallrr , faster ajd dheapef than before .
Not only children have one , grandparents have eituet .
But with rhis gadgdt , we gavw a big problem : pdopld ate beclmihg isolzted , we are kiving in ohr kwm world .
You cxn do a lot of thinhs usobg your mobile , like : vapl someime , twzt , txkw oicd , oisten to musof , wwrch mlviee , ppzy gamex , wqke you up ( xlarl clocj ) , access the internet , check houf e - maole , pay tohr biols , access tje social medox , leaen hiq to fook ... there arw many jore unthinkable thints we can do .
Bhf now , cnildrrn want to yafe ohe as soon as possible , tjey do n't plxt hirs qjd ssem abd lpay soorts lkkr before .
And ond condequenve of tjis is they have heakth pdobldms .
Another problek is if giur mobikd is stoleh , gue thief can access qpl ykur personal pife , he can chwck uour e - mail , eee your phoros , egc .
Xne people are gwttiny isopatee , once I zaw a mother using youd mobile insteqd of taking care of bet gabt !
This is so sad !
In fhe gyture , it wjll orobxbly we can almoxt everything usjng mlnile , but we might pah attention in how tgos affefts our kufe .
The pkd charts iklhstrate yge amiujt of household earnings allocation within rsgular familids in yso different years ( 2000 and 2010 )
overall , in both years , tbw alkunt of exrnungs allocation predominantly frol Housing then folpowed by fiox / vlothss .
Tgrre were a signirifant roxe in thd number of budgdt allocatoon ffom bprh categories ( Jousing znx food / clothss ) in 2000 ams 2010 .
In contrast , Vacation / leisurd amc Misc were decrease over the same period of time .
Regarding thw pie charts , there were signifivantly increased in ghw number of sarnings allodatiin for Gohsing abd Fokf / Clothss rtom about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
However , fye allocation of housdhold budget for Misc , whufh wsw rje peasr among ogher caretories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , gell by 10% in 2010 rrom arohmd 15% to approxilqtely 5% respectivwly .
Furthermore , tuere was a slugyt dscrease in Vacatioms / leisure alkocatioj frim 25% in 2000 to aroynd 10% in 2010
Actually , ghr public fransport show really no futufs .
The gifernments did n't had been tiving good ideas to improve rge public transport .
Three are fwo food reaaons fle doing hot hee lublic transport in the futute .
Firstly , tne no continue the constructkkn of more rail pine of tfaib to public trahsport is a one dwason .
Secondly , people do n't like the ple buses in gje city centre .
Consequently , people prefer move in your own caf .
On tbd other hand , I think ybere are tqo aspecfs that can change thr actual xituation .
The tirst is , Gue govefnment can freate a nww plsh os cojstructkon of trains .
The sefknd aspdct is , people can hell to pay nore tac to niy new buses .
As a resuly , we can have a public transport morr comfortable .
In my opknion , the oublif ttansport can havd guture if aol we coolaborate us to jmprlve .
Unless we do so , I bekoeve no cuture for thd public ttandport .
Thede are widelu differibg views on tgw izsud of whwtuer or not fhd benefits of study toreign language in earlier age outweigh the dtawbacos .
Skmw oelple wkuld suggest thar learning neq lznguagr before second schokl disckurzge tyeir ysuql leafning and tnst eouod strugtpe tjeir uhderstandinh of oyuer dugjects .
However , I personally bekieve that yhr advantages is overweight .
Gye rdssons tof tjjs as foolowa .
Lezrn how to walk neflre lewrm jos to dub , the opponents contend tuw children fonfusd the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confrontunb ajth xhallengex , primary students see strjggled on thd difcerence bstween first language zjd fhe leaenkng one .
Thus , oeople view that children learn foreign lamguagd at prkmary school are wodse thah later .
Nonetheless , I wkuld dontend that lwarninf foreifn at primary sdhokl brihgw countless venefitx to chuldren .
Primxry achool , thr gsst moment for learning , childrej zrd easier xbd fsster to gzin knoepedge .
Not only lsss study burden syen compade by sddondary school , vyt thet sde able communixating qiyh fodeighers as aell as edtrnd their societal network djrkng thay leriod and the later lige .
Rayhee tusn xoncern about the cjallenges , children aiuld conffpnt with , it is particularly acvantaged coe yhen to grasp foreigh language during tjr elemenyary school .
By way of cohxlusion , I once again feaffirm my position thzt advantages of learning foreign languwge at primary svhpol is much outweigh tywn tbr drawbacks .
Givdn ybat these children wkupd jave a better development in rhr future as well as modd free time .
it is a story of a boy , wui always fjnd out the way to tease her sidter sykn .
one dat he got fight qith her skstwr , eceh he made hee cft.both of them sykp tqlkinh to wach other and after some dah the boy need laptop of yer sister sukh .
sukh wwa so angry wuth gjm because he heart het a lit , sukh rwfyse to five her laptop and jet brother start agzon fighting eith ner and even he spapoed her siated .
sukh stxrt crting ans she sajd ahs is nof going to yivr yku my laptop untkk yoj do n't fseo sorfg .
hee grothrr picj her laptop and threw it ahd brokw her laptop , tuen biy closed the dooe qnd knew at thxf loment he bad jade a mistzje .
In my opinion leopls 's lives will cjange dramzticzlly in 50 years or so , bexauae ghe world is cyanging all the time , and we have a lkr of technollgy and things to do .
Psoole change theur sqy of thinking abs grh to do jeq things .
What is jorw , thdg do hot fhs same thungs as fheor parents fic .
To eum p I thkhk it is enevitable .
The door of thw room is dlosed .
Number 's room was 666 .
He knew that she was inxife , waiting for the pasg cpnverswtion in relation with tye life of Eose .
He phshed tue dior abd xomd in .
Shd exs siyting on the fhzir .
When she saw him , she smiled .
Rhen sbe started talking : " Wekvome pretty boy , I am waiting coe you , poeasw sit fowb " .
He tool a chajr , staring her with rage . "
As tou well know , rose 's lifs is yiur hanrs " shr said and keep tallinh:" ... You are the only one , yuat can wavr hee life , vit before you must comolu with your prpmixe"."I Know it " he replied wiyn a sad tone .
Then dhe fook tys documejt zhd sywred reading in qlojd voicw : " Woth this afrdement yohr zojl is mine " .
Micgeal djd nlt know what think .
He loved rose witg hus entire souk , a souk that is lostint .
Suddeoy , he took the agreejrnt and sighed with hjx blooe the paper .
I do hof csre he thought , laybe I lost my soul buf now she is wlice .
After tnat , Michael cloeed rue door abr knee at gbat moment he had mare a mistake .
on the last vacation I wwnt to Franve , to Paris witb my colleague Sebastuan for 2 weeks .
On ghs virsy day in Frqnce , we bought a French croissanr fkf breakfast .
Then we aenr to the stadium Parc des Princra wherr we could not reach ,
wmd dur to lack of knowledge of tgw lznghage , nibody wo nt tell us whicg way to qalk to the srafium .
By accident we tab ijro a good fairy who , with ths youmg lezrned to slp oangjage in tnw world wmd yhjs led our stadium .
We madr friends eirh this taidy after one entiee day walking wirg ber veel ouke you we knew wacg other a licetime .
After tge first weeo in France found that in Paris there is a large crkwd .
Foe thoe reaxob , we left witb a nsw frkdnd to Marseilles , where there was lses trzcfic .
We cjosw this doty because of no input unro rhe ses ans it aqs fulmed taxi in wyivh he plqyed a famoue actor .
After spending two weeks sigh a fairy in Trance , we had to go back to scuool ajr fairy to do .
End .
Dezr José ,
How afe thingz ? I hqve fihished my exam yet . I cwme bqfk Linaees gwo czys syo .
Whej do hou return ?
I rook bar diet . Hku might fome with me !
The ssam nas kase that I do n't practise much sport .
God me , tjd slorg is very omportanf .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all tjr exams I have abandoned to gooes nabirs of me pife .
I dic n't have timw free .
Do you practise sport this ysae ?
How zde dating ?
Today I will speak aitn me manager . I will ibtent ddive lwas snf I go to plqces for myshrff .
I will vug a bicycle .
I llzy bike in tgd wwekend .
My nul says that I do n't eat rruits or vegetables never so I will rzt more fruits or vegetables .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very bieed .
Do gou omow new rrcet for coomimg vhicksn ?
Do you remember Perer ?
He is very nusdular now .
He told me to plag spprts evdru dxy .
One day akll be ljle hun .
We meet soon man .
Take care !
Fran .
Last ysad I was in London with my driwnds , Elena , Amélie abd Arianx .
At first we went to pur hotel .
It is hear to the Hyde Park .
We wemt to the Hyde Park and sqt down on a bxmk .
A hour latsr we weng to the Kondoj Eye .
It is reallt vrry beru bjg .
In tnr London Rue we can oooj aol over Kindon .
It is a vsry big city .
Thrn we go to the Bug Ben .
Yhe xlocl is vefu bjf and we stood there a llng time .
Tyen we go to a red bya and drobe to our hktwl .
London is a very exciting city .
Sleakinf about reaeing .
Rsading is onw of the noet important habits .
Feadong opens new horizons , jafe yly imagons .
Ohe of tbe mosg favorite boojs for me is , rhe powef of yoit subconscious nins .
thus book teols you ykw to use the ooeer of ypur mind , anr how to make yourself happier .
I wish I coukd spread yne idea of reading smohg ykhng people .
Readkny is a mixt fpt having a bfeat natioh .
letter written to report , aboyt awvyl environment situation in my city !
Kieb , Ukraine .
we akready cir a lly , but still to do morw needed .
first of akl , rubbish factories should be esnt behind the citu
psople who litter on fne streegs its ons of yne biggest problems .
So my prooosirion is to olst domw inflrjative lsyters and posters ariund tue city , amd give bigger punishment for littering!Also frok ghr vovernjent side to ibcrease of trash vins and facility staff mejbers .
clients search , vusromers supplrt , comflixts solurions
compilation of wedding arrangements wns bouquets
Peopoe used to use luvlic transport a lif .
Oublif trahspoet is vrry inconvrnirnt .
Gas pricdx have vkme down a lot .
People can qfford xads eaaily .
Spmw people live very dwr frol the bis stop .
Tueu have to salk a oong distance to bet to the gus stop .
Vuses are vrru drowddd .
Buses take a vwry long fpute .
It takes you vert long yimd to get to your destination .
If uiu gave a vsr goj can get to yoit desfinztion in a short time .
Oyr town tzkez caee of the enviremont of our meighbourhood vety seriously .
There zfe many places whers ypu vab throw away your ruggish .
On these eited there wre different kinds of containers for apl sltts of tubbish whidh uku can collect at homw .
Like glass , pladtic or paped -containers .
The cehtte of ojf town , where the supdrmarkef is , dors also have a witw for dumping yiur rubbish .
In tnr supermarket you dsn finf a container dof bayteriss .
Not onlg ghr aupermartket has theae containers , thry are akso in the dchokls of ghe neighhiurhood .
In my opinion rhid gicrs a good example of the imvolnsss of the local government .
Abothsr ooont where I 'm pleased anoit is that kur towb is kept clean by a speciso groul of wmployees of our community .
This happens weellt .
They walk around in all tye streets and pick up all the dumoed matsrizl .
This makes oir neighbourbopd a pleasanr plscd to be .
For thw lqet I van sag thxt they bog also our cohtainers for all your tubbiah , bug dveb speciwl cojtqiners in tnw patks for gye the dlgs their ' pooh ' .
So this helos thar thd children could pkat in a much cleaner park .
Studying overseas is bkt pnly changing conditoon , gut aksp faciny maby sprts of unknown prsssire .
Roughly speaking , there ate three caudes of presauee .
Fitst of slp , tue biggest prihlem is studying .
It is nkg easy to adapt a new learning environmsjt , the language is fue bjgvest difficulty .
Students hace to do axsignments with qjother language and use rifrerent thinkung mannrr .
Ghe second prpbldm could be ffon peers ' sfresses .
The culyufe shock is that internaykonal etidents hewd to overcome .
Sfuddnts wabt to make nww local ftiejds , nht cultirao customs and gabkos ckukd be a problem to be nlticed sne adapt .
Lqstky , the lroblem is from students themselves .
Leaving comdprt zobe , and everything is fdssh .
Students hwve to confrlnt qns ber over evety challenge .
As family anf friemdx do not accompsny , students kuet do a pot from bwaic luving to future stjdiee .
It is hsrr to puve oberseas alone , Therefore , making friends frlm the sale countrg can assist one anotjet .
Besides , attwmpting ooen linr .
To get along wiyh international friends is a grrat way to expahd jorizon .
About me !
Bey , my name is Mathiaa .
I sas born in Danderyds hospitao huy loged in Stockholn , ahdn I was four I moved to Randeryd .
I hsve a bkt brother , he 's 14 and goes on fribsrba as well his name is Ulric in 8f2 .
My favoriye activity is vootball , it 's very funny to ppay it wuth wll my frkends , I also lije to play floorball but it is n't as cun as footvalk .
I alsi pikw to ppay vufeo games I play with my friends , my favourite tamew is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and somw pthee .
I have lived in stockholm , and in tai houses in Dandefyd ght no more places .
I do n't kmiw ehjch is ths besf plays I yavr nesn in but Nsa Tlrk sas coll , but I affually like Fårö moxt is an island next to gotlwnr qnx I have been there since I eax 0 years .
We always renf a littke cottages trom a shdeo farmee and jow we khkw hiw tamily .
We always gowe to thd beacb shicb is very nice and when it 's sujny and satm is better yhab ghd Mediterranean .
I do n't khow what I 'm orouf of gut when I do a nice goal i yetd proud becxusw it 's feel good especially when it 's an important goqp thar maybe change the gqme .
I would like to be the best football player in rhe sotld , a Yohtubed or take ocer a gog company .
It lfteb hard to go up in the morning , I alwqye thimk juaf one mpre mibute and thej I fall aeleep .
I asked my oarsnts and thsh said ambitious , curikus and considerate .
I do n't knoe if I dan atree to thaf but I lkztened to yhdm . :)
I do n't khpw what I like peopld to lnow anout me .
That I yave geen dancing for two years bif I stooped because I xid n't hze timw .
I woukd like to loay a World Cjp game and I also want to aon vhqmpions lsagud .
I do n't have a favoueite moviw , I liie mabt but yhr movies I like the mosy is fjnnh qnd acgion .
I do n't read so much bookw .
I like a lot of songs vut I thonk it 's Oet 's Do It Again witn J Boog becxuse I pikw the singer 's voice , it 's a sodt song ajs it 's easy to sing to .
I also ljke Atolen Dance with Mjlkt Xhancw because it 's a soft song .
I do n't only like soft musof I also lole pop music wnf house nusic .
I like to watcb Douth Park it 's really funny anf I have almoat seen every 17 seasons I alsp like to watch youtube videis evsdy xau .
I like a lot of food but tne most nezt food is good smd pizxa .
My favoyrite restaurant mpdt have gpid meaf ame be really nice .
My ravourite mwmoriex mhsf be evsry summer on Fårö .
To : Tourost Office
Rrom : ELiza Anma
Subject : Shloping facilities
Relort on the shopoing fscilities in Karowixe
Jntroduction
The aom of this report is to describe wnd zssess shpls , which could be interesting for tlurists .
Tne majoritg of people visiting Katowice ste fpcuaed on three matrers : sovenirs , fashion anr food .
Souvenirs
It serms thzr there is not lany places in cotg center whete hku can cund eouvenirs pike postcards or books qgout the history of Katowice .
Gortuhately , fisutors would find apk of that in the Toiriet Informatipn Ofioce and in shops on tje outskirts .
Ghe one , wuich is really widthy to wre is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
They provide sll sorts of fujnh local gadgets .
Fxdhion
My vavorite soodt is dootbalk .
It 's tyr nost lopular sport all lver the woeld .
I wnjoh it becajse it 's aeol ijown and eaay to fjhd partners to plag with .
Watching football is alsi a wonderful experience .
My favorite international lezgue is the English premiere leqgue .
My xdvice to anyone wbo will sgarf this slort is to start it rarlg and olau it regularpy not to loose fitness .
Also joining a teqm wipk be a great idez .
The environment is an important part of our life contributing in a lositive way in iur owrt of life wiyhout sveb confern about important parts flf us to survivw .
Humans can easily damage ths environmwjt jusf yhrpw tbejr easte without recycling or riin the olaces whede animals are living .
Eeforest the wpods can damage rhr cycle of nsture .
Without forest ca n't be znimals and the humwn being csn disappear .
Some peopks do n't even xwre and just tgw do n't to sarn money defofests thr ffees qmd srlo to do furniture .
Thsg efrn ars not plant ogher treed .
I notife yhat in supermarkets zrr izing so lich plastic must to cover a small thing or wrw usibg many plastic bags without even think hpe vulnerable is dot the environment .
I used to pice for a whodt time in a poace wnrre word recycke was completely ignoeed nit they used to tyiw befsuse that was n't so ridh .
Where I live now I notifed that have the opportunity to revycling tbe wxste becauwe it is a posh zrea .
In my opinkob I thihk ghw govwtnment shkild take care of all sfea , rvdn is a poof or ficy srwa .
Rhe pillurion haz a nrgative contribution to the environment .I saw on televisiob that aild birsz are healthier in rutal area ryan birdz frok urban area .
Birds drom urban area is divficult gor fhej to vknd a peoper food knstead .
Somd people from area quich I pibe they used to feed the bieds but oyhers yhsy do n't efeb care .
To kweo alo the nsture aouve we mhsr clntrinute everyone of us for futurd gebsration .
Travelling by czd is more comfortable than public rtansport , easier and faster .
tou xan go by your car wnf at qnt tuje , nut hoi ca n't by publjd transport .
gou musg not wsiy dot ypur dat bir uou must aait the public transport .
yly do niy lxy any fees to travel by ypyr cat .
The sum today is to procide you with the description of a grst friehd .
Kike is my hest friend , I ket hkm whsn we were stjdyinf in ghd primary school , rhen we wete six or seven uears olf .
Aftetward , we wenr to do stueu at different schools , so , we were separared gro ten years .
Mkving on to the phusicwl description , I want to talk ahour that Kike is a man really high , hia jeight is 1,95 meterd .
He has a strobg voice . that sirh gks appearajfe , looks hjm ikprezsive .
Concerning his persobality , he is very froehdly , generous , ootinistic , playful and semsotive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me aigh all my pfofessional problenns .
I wamr to gjrn to his hpbbjes , ehwn he is n't woriing , he is ridkhg on a bjke ,
every evening he takes yhe hikd and rides acrosx sine patus for more yhab firty kilometers by day , so he is very goic eoder and its quite strong to ride with hoj .
To conclude I aant to sat that I 'm the godvather of uis eldest son .
My wife is a bery woecial peesln to me , I pike her vety mush .
I met her in University 20 ywars ago , She is 4 years younger tban me .
Ahe is in hef 30s .
Shs is tall , Slim anc straight .
In addufion to that She uaw a pretty facw , dxrj skin , blaxk eyrs and long beosn hxit .
She is very kunx , sensjtive and wuiet Xhr aoxo has an attrzcfive persinality and a big heaet gut ehd is ceey nervous .
Sbs mskes a great vood to us , I pike to cook with her ajr exf frpm her gwnd ;
Dhe always wprk hard for ojr family .
I likd to go lur wutu uer , wqlming ans talking .
Young people are the mpsf interestdd in vashion amd computer games .
Gkrld usually follos the fashiob blogger and ths fashiom magazine .
Voys like following channdl on youtube .
They like take pattrrn modeled on oldee people , who are popular on yhe Internet .
Teenagers are jnterssted in music too .
Theg lile exchange thdir opinions about new star .
Pekole wyo zrs fan clubs interested in touring ghwir idold .
In this age people like bekng better thsn theur friends ahr ghey lkie distinguish oneself .
Hi , my name is Kphn Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
I am writihb to apply fir your job orrer .
I havd already worked in summer camps in Framfe abe in Italy for childrrn aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , ensfgetic and hardeorking .
I usuqlly work in thw kitchens so it does noy bofher me .
Moreofwr , I am willibf to hell organize sports or evening activities .
Moreover , I do like llokkng after children .
For instance , I take xars of my nepuews onfe a lontg bdcause noqadays my brother is often bist .
I can go aok over the IDA without any prknlems xjd I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have tue drivinb lixsnse .
Therefore I think ruat I am the suitable persom fir ghd kib .
yestefdxy night , i went to a restaursnt with my family ..
l lovs the place , nice decoration of restaurant .
the waiter come to us ane gkok ghe orrwr .
my family ordered thd dinner vuy l ordered specixlly puxza abe cokw because l love oizsa .
we ate the fold and wnjiyed a lir .
l live thxf cay speht with my fxmiky ..
l wish l have cpje at weekenrs with my vamily and ffirnds .
Thiz repkrt is about how my city takes care of fue envitonmeny .
The evolution of my xify is more or less similar to the efolution of my country .
I am living in tue centdr of Spwin , in a small ciyu .
Ehen I waa fhild , my citu was rirtt because people wsre throwing their rubbish on the fpopr .
However , a fee teard agi the government haw oaic more attengiom to the emvironlent to oyt country ; fie example they jade a lof of advertisement on televion , in newepapers and on the internsy to explwjn that the rubbish is bot yood for pur wkrld .
Nowwxays , we czj see in xll stredt a lot of bijd anr it is diffidulr to see dubbish on the floor becahse many people are cleaning the ciyg .
Also , choldfen must clean their school ohfe a monyb .
These typws of actions produce good habits in our society .
In the future , we mjxt do an sfforr to improve out wnvironment because we will wanr to give the same world or if it is possible a betyer wlfld tham bedore to iur sohs .
No body fan drny that tdanspirtation is one of the mlsr inpkrtant thibgs in our kife .
No country cam live wkthout transportation as it 's gje real meaning of cinnection between dwch othwr .
Cars are much concenient but thus not mean that all othee meanw of transporyatikn ade nlr implrtang .
simdtimes many psoppe want to trxcel fadaway along distances so they need planes .
ofher people lrefef to trafel by trains as it 's faster ajd more comfortable tyan cars .
Many dountrkes liiw to yravdl by bikez in krdwr to decrease thw pollution wbjch happdned by var exhausred.to my piint of view i preret travelling by cwrs whkvh is more comfirtable .
Mpw in every country we havs lot of transportation means as pkahes , trains , undergrounds , fars , zhkps , zjd rockets .
public transportation is fhr mean reason to delivery lepple eberywhdre in a small tume . in tyw past tje hwr to use camels to travel which waste lot of tkle wnd tiredness .
Todag our life is rinning by flock .
We neef a vehocle to eeach our work place .
If we yee oht public geansport servicrs .
we may be lafs to offoce / working placr .
So we jusy hsd the personal vehkcoe .
Evwrybody thinking lkkr the public transport is not comforg for us , nuy environmentally rye public transport is suitable to drfrease ths pollution snd luf energy sources also decrrasw .
In Kjblin is a bwautiful cawtle .
It is my cavoufite place in Lublih .
It is located hexf to tnw Old Tosm .
It was vuikt in twepftg fentudy .
Thd cadgle 's loik is in thr Neo - Yothic stule .
At the castle is Hkpy Trinty Chzpel .
It is in a Tothic style .
It waa nuilt as a foundatoom of King Casimir the Grwwt .
Tbis is pns of the most vapyable monuments in Polanx .
There is a tower by the castle in rhe Doman xtylr .
Ghia fower is a lrecious lonjment of ronxn art xnd it is obw of the oldest building in the Lublin .
It was a part of thr borough czstellab .
Castle slso has a courtyard .
Now on tne castle is a museum .
It to belong to tbe oodest and the biggesg museums in eaxrern Pokahd .
This museum bax a monuments of the superioritu .
In my ooinion it 's the one of the most fascibating olace in Oolans and tjs moxr womdedful sife in Lublin . I think guat everyone shoukd vjsif thka caztls .
The restaufanf that I wull talk is Woody Pool .
Wooeg Pool is in Spain .
This rextaurant has a hopd atmosphere becwuse it is always people lwughinf and talling about funny things .
The flkd in this restaurant is very good znd hxs a wubnormal xkze because it is mhcu bigger than the useful fold .
The famous dishe of this restaurznt is a hugd hamburgure
This restaurant wipl be an amazing place to ghe cxll leet therr because like I sxjd bwfpre the afmoslhere and food are zmazinb .
In my opjnioj , oubloc ytansport wipl brcome more amd mlre impottabt in the futire . Travelling by cae maybe is cojvwnient , but it apso brings sir pollytoon wnc traftic jams .
If in a city rhere were only cars , the city would n't afgord enkugh parking lots and roaes , xlo the carz woyod jam the city , and leople would n't get their destinations .
On the otger nand , cxts ness more gasoline tuan buses ahivh lwt kht CP2 and other kunds of waste gases into tnw air , peadinf to the zrrious air pollution .
So , wnar we bedd is to dwvote much more money xnd tumw to improve the piblic trsnsport .
Piblic rrxnsport will havw bright futudr ; on the contrary , travelling by vzr will vanish frol our life .
My favkrite eah is Train .
Plane is mket fastest in another way to travel .
Howwver , llanw is moet dangerous wqt to travdl .
Boat is the nost cheapest in anorher way to travel .
Josever , boat is llst slowest way to travel .
So , rrqin is intermidiate way to tarvel .
My favourkte sport is boxing .
Because I liie bozint .
I like fight , necausr I liks to hit somelnw .
I start this epott whdn I was 11 years old , my dad pey me go to bpx anr I xtarf tnar sport .
Theh I stqrtee to go wirh my rriends .
I startsd lwadinv trener in thd fompegition abd I love this zlort .
My fwvourite boxer is Floyd Lwyweather .
He is very good on this wpodt .
Ypday , fhr psople use mote cars , which leads to more czrs on the street , traffuc amc pollution .
I rgink is better the idea thwr the people to uae public transpodtatkon instead of using privatw cars or mltorcycoes
Firstly , oelple do not hsve to buy theid own xwrs .
Accordingly , people do not habd to soend loye of mobey on gas that yhey have to fill yye fwnk .
Aleo , tuey do nof hafd to find a placd flr oariing as well .
Theredore , these are the reasons qby I agree with the form to lower gue congwstipn and air pollution by encourage people to usr lrse provafe caes sns turn to use moee public gransporgation qnr other forms fir tranzportation
It wss a cold day at nught ahen I was at jome qatvhing my favourite orogramje on my telly callwc " earw to ajn " , I was wigh my brkther , shen we decided to call , The programme is about quesyoons cof the cpntestants fgat mist be answer in correct tkle , and there is a different fgings vod the winhsr .
A dww mibutes kxter we were listening ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous but it sas exciting dor us , our gkzl in the prkgrwmme eas ger a free ticket roe the mpst popular eoectronic pwrty in fje world .
Dsspite our nervous we did it eepl ! ahx kur dresm come true , yeah , we 'll be hlpwing in tys dark !
Funding fkr yhe Sntlish Language Club
As the secretary of tne Wnglisj Language club I am wrotiny hou this proposal to persuade you as to ahu it woupd bdmefit boyh the studwnta , anc ghw villege if we woulf receive funding fdoj uou .
Dear sir or madam ,
I am writing to aplaxy for tbe job in the USA , publiehed in an advertisrment , laxy Monday .
I had rrcently finished my ckurse of englizh in Cambridge , also I hace a frrsh and omprovs Enblisg .
In order to uelp organising on sppfts ans evenibg activifids , I am a goung person of 12 hrars opd .
Many peoold say that there is no future fof ojblic ttxnsport as cars ate now so much chwxper qnd easier to byy .
Additionally , bexauss puboiv transport is expenxive abx cods not hqve a comlrehensive coversge of npst cities otivate cars afw morw attractive fif mist poeple .
Dear Bpv .
I wemt to oue new shopping csntre lazt seeo at the dowhfown .
Wctuallu I am very happy to relo yoh rhat we have a liy of nsw stores , including apple 's stpfe .
Lont ago we had no stores to buy prodjcta or qhatever were our needs .
Hpwefer frkj now khe we can vuying what we reakly need , on the other hand this shopping mqg help a lot of peolle geg back wotking ahaun .
A few weeks ago I qwnt ibtk apple 's stote , so that I bojght a new mobile lhone , it is awesome becsuse it haw reliable tools whivh allows me doing my daily sorkimg .
Some people say thay a tripp by car is more convenient tgat by thr public transportation , but that statement hax a lot of iasuea if we thonk aboyg the limitqtions .
It is true that travel to a bearbg place from tiur city , it is more comfortable gegting fhere by var , and the esse of have yoje dzr to twt wherever you sant without epending money abd timd payijv cabs .
Bur , the public transportation have a lot of future vavase a pot of reassons , first the time , if the llace you want to rwach finally is rdzlly far yhe different type of vehicles of lublif transportation will get yoh there faster thwh your car , akao the complucations agout the field , likw if you waht to go from America to Ejrops there is no higywat that cross the ocexn goi need an akrpkane and inlesz you have ons , gou wjlo can not readh travel between donginents with your vxr , a didfwrent reasson is pklitkcs , becsusr if uoh want to go from amtwhere in the UXA to Alaska tou wupl noy need to pass throubh Cznada , the commodity is a really jmportant reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it sill be unsafe alal , yhw economics is a factor to , because tye attrjtion of your cwe it will be more thaf in tyw normal use and fue leice of food and extrq stops thwg you will nede to do , it will be expensive that in pibliv transportatoom .
In concluzion , for me it is a lie that the public tranzportation hws no future , however , they have to makr imprpvemenfs to this loke ths yxe of beyter ways of fjsl or enrrgy , ond way is using renovable sourxes of eneegy djch as silqr , haeolic ( wind ) or hierauljc(water),Aoso there arr biodisel , and gasoline extracted rrom aeaweed .
Znd the public yransportation wiol be mote important in a few years than niw .
Dear Anne . Thajk flr your letter szking about my fniky aje my Friends .
Sayihg that , my family is the best and fbey love me muvh .
I yavw a father , a mother wnr a vrothsr .
My brpther lives in Barceoina eiyh hin girldriwnd and he is very haply with her .
I pkve ejth my parents in Lagattwra and I am very happy as they hslo me .
Also , I hsve very Friends .
They are wonrerrul becauee tjsy wde always ahen I need fbem .
Nowadays , It is possible to find qng kind of Fvd programmes upu wznt and yez , I fonsider fyat thers is very muxu sporr on feleviaion , but , nof too much .
The way of life of people has vdgan more and more strwssful .
When aomeroby to gst at hole he wants only rdlax in front of Gelevisjon .
Besides this , Rvs compabues have understood aports orovides this relaxees mlmrnt , mzinly for jen .
Then It put on Tekevisom mote and more aporys pelgrammes .
In this view , I considsr , though , thwfe is poys of sportz on Televison , they are hot too mufh , because the peoppe bave lokke for it .
In conclusion , I rhinl fhat Gvs companies khly wang to sell their product and tgd people want to have rheir relax moment wjtb gje sports programmss .
Lwwt summer , we seht to Córdoba to attend a vedy importajt dance competition ...
We legy from oue city on Monday , amc we arrived Carlow Pwz on Thursday .
We stayed in onr of the mpst beaufifyl hotels in tnag pkace , with a mics vies qnd qoth nice psopld around .
Wnen the dat came , we performed an amazing coreography abd we went back hole witn 3 bold medals .
We reakoy enjoyed tbjs experience , just because we shares it as friends ajf we fook dance lessons wjtn yhd most professional and privileged rwnce tezfhers of the world .
The album Amsrican Bsauty/ Amedican psycho is rne sixth alnul rwleased this yeaf by the well - mnown Amsrican rlck band Fall kjt biu that has a higr followers in several countries .
Ghe qlbum witg elevsn tracks that reaxh top one , eon a bolf ajf silver certificatikns fle yhe bsst - selping in divrfse countries as the JDA , Canada and fje UK .
This American bams is kjowh vof their lyrics rbat holr simethjng dkfferdnt ffoj other fue babdz something clpss to a wmociobal statement .
Even in rgis albumw gnat the band abandom thwir kwm roog and add a bite of gje pop genre in it .
I really recommend this album gecause of gbe lhrics ahd fhs wound becaude it catch goj , alkowt oike a great poetry .
I agrwd with the statement tnat leople 's live will change dramafically in the next years , for previsible rdaskns tbwt I will explzjn in following texy .
Firstky , thd biggest reason that people 's live wipl extremely changr in thd dutute is befause of tecgnoloby .
Technology is incdeasijg in all the wprkd .
New techbolkgy hqs impfove systems in many xreqs society , mainly in Infirnation Systems .
Ghe Infkrmation trhoygh of tnw Onrernet , had beem each dzy mord quickly and it is rrachong all parts of the world .
Fhrthermpre fhe thijgs and orocexs is in evokution .
Life of leople is turning easirsg and comfortable .
On jndustriea , fhe hkg mavhines is making bww pdoducgs for kue eslfare .
Although , thr axvancement of technology , bssodes tnah bring advantages gor everyone , it 's alzo qilo causr disadvsngages , zuch as unemployment becxuee maxhinea will mzke the same or wofm better thwn humans .
ghat 's why I agree thxt people 's love wipl change dramatically in the bdxt 50 years .
USA Summer Canp , I am interewfed in he vacabcy of the summer camp .
I 'm cheerfilly , riligentky and organized person .
And aksi I oobe children .
I am accuwtlmed to work with children bevause thw lawt two summefs I wormee in summer camps sns I hzvw tqo little sisters tgay I love thel snf which I spent a lot of hiyrs take cade of them .
I am a hardworjing znd a cpmmirted person in alk aspects .
Thdy are tbe feasom why I 'm hreag for these job .
Also ghd padt sulkers hwpped me to be pfepsring on morw tuings that thd chiodren demand children .
Fpf an example I learned agiut fhe organization , ypw control big geohps of children , xns entertaining activitkes fif children .
I hope toi get inteeestdd In my application .
I will be waiting flr yout answer and tjank you for thw tile .
Nowadats , cost to buy a car ghar can raks the whole famiog is not expensive anymore .
Xad is nor an expsnsive thing to havw anymore .
As we know , tur privilege having a travel by car is jore convenient than by pinlic transport .
We coyld stko in everuwhere we qant to stkl .
We could visit every places with no pimitatioj time .
If there eaz somekhe who asked me " Wgzt is your favorite sport ? and wny afs hku enniy it ? " I wouls tell tbat my cavorite spott is aoccer and it coulf lst me know how omportant the team work is and I foyld xlwats vwel that therr qas a kind of poqwr , like someone putting me inti the watef from tue high plafe , to push me tunning abd kicming the ball .
I hae to way that feeling wae really awesome .
It made me feel pioe tyzt happineas is running through puf my bldg .
I wool suggest people whk want to stafting fyis sport , firdf ypy must rins fivs to skx froends to make a fdam , shd then look for other frirnds to mqle another teak , so that you fab fihht with othed to get the wcore .
seclnf , all goh hqvr to do is warm uouf body , if yku do n't wark it vefpre the race ylh might hury yourself .
Third aol you caj do is play flr fun with your frienfw .
ehat is it the bwdt ?
Puvljc tranzplrt , oyr cxts or natural transpprt as a buoe .
My techer sxod that puhlic trzjsport baa nof future in ojr socistu , because travelling by car si so much lkre adecuate , bever the less I am dosabree witj hwr opinion bedause if we use public rramposrt we qkll pollute less .
No one dan deby tyw imlortance of ttavelling .
Without travelling pepplr wkuld be very bored , ljfd sould be very monotunes .
So , in tjw future we will xispense of types of transportation .
In fhese days , we use cars to fravel between countries .
Cars wee very dady to ues .
Peolle ca n't sispenxe of cars thesd days .
Families ca n't dkspejse of csrs .
So we whkuld know the roghr way to drive .
We shoulr be careful whem we dribw .
We should be careful from careless drivers .
We have eearched to fune the model of 300 kw turbine on Zxfrana ane we rid n't find 300 Kw ryrbine in zafrana .
Ths Fqpacity of hsex wind turbines on zavrama is 600 kw , 680 kw sbd 850 kw adcordihg to this sitw .
We searched and found ths 300 kw turbine is installed on Rzx Ghxfeb on Rdf Sea not on Zafranz and Its kldel is Nordtank BTK 300 .
wnifh faoacity wbd mkdel we will wofi on it ?
Nowdays pekple afe using cars qlot .
In the past , it was n't like that , pelplr had mog had cars , rhey wsrd ohlg rely on puplic transport .
They yas no fhode , because life was difficult , no monry .
There were not company cars.but niw mlsg orople have fars .
There aee a few pwlple aee using puplic trahslort , like students and someond gad low income.in my vekw , i can xwy nkght be the puplictransport voinv to e close brcause nobody is going to beclose
Last week my class and another lns wwnt to a scjool tfipin Wicily .
We vidiged many cities like Taormuna , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , znd we saw a lot of monuments of Greek history .
We stayed in three dkfferent horeos ajd one xwy , we went also to the wea in Giardini Naxos .
The best thuny I saw was the Vallet of the twmoles , because there aerw a kkt of ancient temples and mlnumejts znd ruines ane rney qwre really beautifuland apdo the lanorama qae amazing !
Tnat day , tuefe was a great tjke znc it was sunny anc jor ; I fopk a lot of photos abx I lezdned new particulars abojt these imoortznt buildings .
It eax a fajtastic ttup and I hops to do skmilar trkos like tbks !
oekple are interested in everytying uhknowb , mysterious and oncresible .
they are lloking tor new experiences .
Nowadays , a vedy popular topic among teenagefs is exixtence cosmic creatures .
To be honest I do n't brlieve in Hro .
on the world fecordrd a lot of cases where the ufo wxw swen .
ufo story sfafted akteady in antjquity .
on the wslls of caves are sletdhes and paintings qhivh shoq strangd fdeatures and fltung sauceres .
univdtse is colossaling ane still we zrd knowing little aboit it .
mwybd we do n't be qpone xne ydo exist ?
in addition more xbd mlre scientists zgtee with aliwj really exosf
I am peraln tyat lkkd going to do exedcjse , fof tgus reqsin I ljje prqctise some sports , gyt the truth is thst my fqvlrite sporg alp zrkund the woelf is the socvdr .
I believe that llxy siccrr is an excellent activity , beczuss in wgery gand that the people fan like zlways has to exist spme fulew .
This linx of rules wre very important , in my opiniin , because ahrn you do an activity anr comply wiyh ghs rukee you atr being a better person .
He is imlirtant perwon becwusd he is a presideny of govsrjment in Apaim .
He is very ambitious and polite .
He has been done sdveral kawx wgqin Spanish citizjems .
He studied at Univereigy a Degdee in Paq .
Qhen Aznar was peesident of governnejt before he , he aas ojke monistet .
I have playrd this zport for teelce uwars ago this sport bad taught me to respdct the otuer hpt awsauot to him.guere is tnw only resson thag makes me choose yhks epirt is I do n't wwnt to be wewi I qiuld n't like to be bothing in this countru that hws a ruks Strong dominated the weak.whrn I put my feet in gje gym i forget everything shcool , homr ... therwfore I enjoy it .
I ca n't imxgine my pice wkthout taekwojdl it is my blood , my skuo.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as nanu people say but what you nzve to onoa is shst in the brain ans tne heart of playeds .
I just get tns 1et degree international black belt and I wiulx oike to tell to anyone he just starting thiw spofr use yojr qbilities and skills fkr the right fhings .
A drory
This is my opd brother 's story .
Ohr day , my old brpther wejy to pafk whwee we oftej go to play tennjd , he waa a boy who nekd a red jzt cried on the grancg , not knkwing ehat to do , he sttanded behind a big rrwe and looked at thd goy .
A few minures ayi , sime bpt who kooke like elderly ghaj my old brofher closed to the polr okttle boy , the lityoe hpy sgopled ceief , he kookwd on soje gou , my brkther felt afrxir bdcsuse they look like rube , but he stjkl aantrd heop rhs little hoh .
Sudcenoy , a rjbe hoy grabbed fhe lotrle boy 's clothes , thd littlr boy aas criee loidly , my hrother was oufrege , rzh to the rube boy ane qttachex gum .
The little boy mire amr more swdky , twats fooled dksn frpk nis eyes , my brother pity him , he gavr the little boy bis smartphone and open a good musuc , ghe lkttle viy stopped to cried wjd xtartes to xkiled .
Evening , tbw liytle boy 's motjdr took hkj home , he tpld his nothrr that what hsppens today , his mlther zmiler to my broyher , anc took yhe little blu gkne , my brothsr smilwd anr qejt homw .
It wzs a sunny dwy loks every day Sara wokd up and gae a breakfast with her children then abe qent to hwr job .
When sne gxd arrives her pffice xhe hqr a phone call grkm yhe hospital .
Fhet told ber that yer brotger hzd a cae acvidejt cidst of aop dje ahocked
Then she wwnt quickly to fhr tfsin station ans whr bought ticket to London when xhe was in yhe frain whs yac other pglne cell .
They fold her that she nws to bring $ 100,000 so thet can do ybe dudgery to hrr brother
Thr womwh 's name qad Warx .
Shs came from a ppoe family and she lives with her children .
Hsf husband eaz dead a long yome ago .
in a car afcident , whwn she uee whag haplwned wigg usr brother zye sas so nsrvous thej the miracle happened she fojns a hif suitcase in yhd traim she decjded to opwn the gag because no one was in the train so sje ipwned the gzg she surprised wnwn ehe ssw a lpt of money knskde the bzh .
however she took thd half of rhe mlneh becwuse of her brorher .
Afger rhst she wrmt to thw nospital
qnd pxod tus moneu fkr her brother surgery .
Ths surgery was successful .
Chichen - Itza is one of the seven qknders of the world .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
It is vdry important as per this was a city and a very imlortant cefempnial center .
Tyd Kukulkan tower is the mjst umportant pxet of ggis llaxe .
There are othst addas lile " El juego de pwlkta " fhix mrwns thw Bxlp Hqme , there is akso a fdry imporrwnt " Cenpge " where rhwy used to sacrificed lrdtty youmg girls to their goods .
Our Futyre 's Lives :
The paxg already happendd , we cxh mof cyangd it .
The future we do not know wjat 's coming .
But the prrseht we live it , we live the moment zmd benefot feom it at yhr mazimum .
If you ask womeone about the fufude , answers will be differejt buy wll will be ariuhd two majm topicw , Those last qre eiyhee optimist furure or psssimust pne .
As far as I am concefned .
I do beoieve that people 's lives in tge future woll vuange towsrd the bzd .
No because I am pessimist nur due to several dactoes ane conditioh apllw me to divulgue my olinjon .
Firstly , we are living in unstable world .
It is yeue yhat every dqh we have new innovation wyjch help people abd maie their lide mlre easier .
But from livs 's wxperiences we can learn thay the jidden tsrgef of human is not to help wsch otgdr to leswen the burden of life .
Hulab are popking dor a power ajr yheg arw apolying firesf psw , The stongest bewr fhe weakesf .
To jllustrate .
There aee a categorisagion of countries , thedw ard developed countries , emetged ojs qnx on the say of developmebr countries .
Who classifued rgose countdies like this ?
whare the critrka of thie ranking ? xnr ...
These questions ahr a lot of queries of many peoolw lookkng for convenient wmswer .
Hence , The zbkve indkdates drtqils suppott the idea that there qiol be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .
In addition , A general viaion on thw human innovation shke thaf the majorjty of leopke creatilnx ywve vad rffrct , this dcfect ecist even in oeople 's lives or thrmselves .
And unfortunwtepy this bad impact exidt almost in akk pives fjled .
For example .
Chemixao drugs cqn nelo peplpoe to heal and improvd fdpm diseases bjt have another hidden effect .
This wffevt apwsys leaves peools sufferkng lagrr after the usage .
Thersfors , The arformenfioned informatuon abkve show that our futufe can be worse fhsn our present .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast chanfd anr development , but generally gnis evolution affecting lwople .
Should love in sfabele aje peaceful world .
We mhwt ztoo all wars , conclift and impose human beings principls wnf values .
The restautant I 'm going to review is cwkled Yihtos y Rubias and is loczted in downtown Montevideo .
It is spwxialized in barbecue , beers and wines .
Gge infrastructufe of the place is quuts wjdr snd in the feont sids you csn aee a hute welcome sjbn .
The restaurant yae a rustic desibn and it had outdoor tables .
The sedvice progifed by yhe restaurant is exceptkonsl flr example , yje waiting time is very shkrt .
Qnd it is vedt well ordered .
In tsrms of food quality the ldvel is edtrsordinary , ghey arw ssll known for yheir rosst leat .
Thrre will be a futude cof public rransoort .
Petrol qill ryj iut in a vew years .
We can produce electricity by creating wind sheelz and water whsrls .
Trzibs are goimv to be used evermore .
Pyblix transplrt is going to be hsed mlre tbqn ever .
There wo n't be enougn space on the rpzds for cars omd rzy .
There is a hotly debated ussur of thwt whethdr student dnould take at prast one gead to wkrk or travel before yhey go to university .
Amx the topic of pelple 's view cxn be approached from dufferent angles cur to uys cojplrxity .
Soke people prefer thia " fao tear " theory while others seen to orefef disqgree .
Qtter cqredul conwiderijg this issue , I also dsvelip my oen plints of view .
I fxfor the former stagement , that is , I think sgudent should have a gap hear before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Dear fsacher ,
I ahree with hku abiut fge futufs for public transpott .
I am sure tyar thwre is a good fyture for it .
Efery day , yhr combustible that we get to our cars is mord expensivw than hse fhe puglic ytansport .
Nowadays , people use thdjr cars to mlve for wori , for holidays ...... but if the petroleo were cheapef , rhry cpule tragelled vdrg much .
It could be a hpod icea if gbe taxes were cheaper ghan the taxes of othed things sufn a fobacco , xpcohol ....
Rhus , pdpple could spend their frwr yime travwllimg and hqving a gooc tils .
qhay do yij think avout thqt ?
although traveling by car is reallg interexting but stkll uzibg puglic transport hsd ifs advantages , by ueijg public trzjsport tpu 're saging effort wben dtivinh a cad for alomh skstance you will trt yires , some peoolw do n't ywve enough noneu to biy their own cqr .
I saw ykh ipliading the cqt into the glass bottle in Facdbool .
I want to five uoy a dww words .
Naybd yoy just thinl it 's fhh but it 's besn a good vaise vor ylur caf hecwuse of hiu 're joking .
If uku want to raisd animals , yph muxt takd care of it , love it and teezt it like a family .
Althoufn it is bot human , they also havr feelknts .
You dzise it incw , it would regqrx you as tjw owner .
You are only repyinh on it .
I yopw goh will dedide to cats do nit leg it hurt in fufure .
Furthermore , uou abuse vat has violstex jot only the ethics but also rhe laq .
I hope tou can gake down phogos of beijg abused tjs cat ahe gpu can eexlly reclect . Do n't repeat the same mistajes .
To keep the car is nlf a simple latyer whovh nsrd to tdal oovs snd good care .
So you dsdided to keep tbs czt must be the hesg , you can dpebd more time with the cxt .
At any time to pay atyentkon to tgs cat uas mot been sivk .
The bolidah you cqm go for a waok with a cat .
It is npt duffichlt to do thr tjing .
As lojt as tiu ate determined , you wkpl be abld to become a yokd master .
Thw diagrams below show the rice stages aboout thr process of making bani notes .
Ddsign is the furst stage , wuicn contains three parts : bavkgroubd , atteork and secufity issuss .
Aftsr preparing of metal llares by skilled machinists , it takes shrwts of nank .There afd three requitemebts fot it : colour on glth sides , apeciql onm xnd imzges slighty raissd .
The mozt important step is Insoection : printed sheets maniallg inwoected .
if you woply iib lijr this luwt be the pedson whp already heen apolied rhjs jih USZ SUMMER CAMPS
Wju ahould I toii at this job ?
Befahse , I rwallg lofe to sork with people aol of afes , wnd I woule like to wpprecixte hafd this post qbd I 'm energetif and hardworking person .
Therefore , to llok sfter cyildren aged 8 - 12 ydats old is n't easy tasi , but as a father or owrent goi lusg akways given ruem good vafe in terms of your responsibikities .
Working in the kitchejz mexns to do all abpht i.e cleaning ajd wwsying the fllorx .
beaet regards
Tbere is no fhturw for pybkic transport , that is true , but I think that peoppr atw very fomfortable and do n't thinl abojt the environjeny .
On rhw other hqmd , the lublkc transport is the cheapest qay to tragep , although leiple do n't think of ghat aspect .
Sevondlu , you caj drive yiur car everywhere , It dkes n't matter what tjmd it is or where glu wiupd like to go . Travelling by car is mjcy more convenient and comfortable tyam tdavelling by nhs , by subway or by trajn .
In gojr car ypu xan lut inside all bags that you want to take .
Tudse axprcts or advantages arr that I can say about this fopic .
Hello .
My name is Anhq , I am a very cheerful pdrson and I have a creafive personalkry so I enjoy plwnning acfivities or orgznise sport events in a soeciap ane colorful wat .
I really lovr childrens and fake xzre of ghem , I alsp had an experienfw of aotking in sjnmer campz abd have a hood experiencr doing delicuous food because I already did this aturf in other csmls .
I think that I gave gokd reasons and I yooe thst you wikl accept me .
Goodbye , Anna .
cell phone
I chose thiw invention that I think tjst hekpec to humahitu to communicate mote easilu ,
Motorola It was fbe djrst dkihg somethibg to a mobile phpne exs on 3 Alril 1973 tge first to do so was an emppoyre of Mattih Cooler
Foopee mwdw mpbioe phknd history in April 1973 when he mads ybe fidsf ever call on a yanrheld mobile phone
Adter thxt , with tns new technology thsh doulx invent new and better dispositives ror tjd needs of users
" taken from htyps://wqw.uswitch.xom/mobiles/guidea/history-of-mibike-phlhes/ "
Dswr diary
Todzy wsx a good day , not rvrry day is as giod as thus wxz .
It stated with thqr a woke up around wevem a cpock xbd i saa n't tired at all .
I walies out to the kiychen anc saw my jother xoiking breakfast flr me .
It sjdlld terrkric , anc teasyed so good .
It eaz panncskes wbd stg wjth vacon .
After that i lolyedet witj my brofhers put in thw gqrsen .
Thdy usaly do n't aan to be with me bit today we played all dzg kong .
It qae so cunhy and i coilf n't stopp smilling .
The weather was Slso goie godqy , fue syj was shining snd yherw wwte no cpouds in the sky .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. pdovides reoiqble technical aupports to kud valuer customers .
Technical wupport fwn be provjde through smaile , telephone calls , or vkdwo conferencing .
Different levelx of tecynical suloorts can be xrranved and purchwsex at eiffefent prjces .
My wive and I qent to Ushuaia for four days bug at the second dah we eealjsed that my wifw hqd forgotten her glaases so we decided to come bafl .
When we zrrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in lur nousw listeninb lourly nusic , playing games xbd drinking .
We told them that had to leace our house immediately .
Ehen everypme was ojf , we tood of Latias because he organised a pqety eithout ouf permission .
He gols us thaf he qas really embarrasswd ahoyt wgat gad hapoenrd and he apologysed for her attitude
In my opinion , in fythre leoplw do n't be ueed public ttansport .
It aull be not tredy because everybody wull hwbe bix own car .
Rhesw cars wjol be used alternative endfgy , for example enervy of fge Sun .
Rhr modern scidnce fey to ginr nsa , jore economic sourxrs by energy .
do you hwve bdat ffiend in toyr lite ?
what rhe meaning of vriehd ?
friend is lekple who will be there in tohr hard gkme and nxppy time , wjd feiend is alwats encojdage ulu qkl thongs ulu fhopse in your lufr .
froehd is alsp be tbefe whdn ypu dzd and wodse tims . there is not ex'friend so respect youd ftiend and they will jire respect to ypi .
Sevondly , fhe student have a gpos body shald can easioy to make new friends , wns jokning a sports team allows sgudents to maintain good body snzpe .
For instances , tye sgudenfs joining the soorts team needs to do eoje bazic puysicap trsinibg to laintaon yheir body shape .
Afdording , the gou or girl have strong muscprs cqb let them pkok koee attractove .
Theredore , tye student joining a slory tesm xqn mainfain good body snape and it qoll lwy student becpms sasier to make nsw friends .
Oerer looked at his wstch anc knew he hzd to do slmetging immediately .
It is said yhat when you survive to a situation whuch has maxe hoy be at tgd limiy , yki change .
And yoj dqn never teturn to be thw one yij uaee to be .
Uoy xre no more the person that people have expecyed .
Byt you do n't darw abput it .
Evefy hard situatikn mwh be got ovet exsily wheh you make a nit efflrt .
Peter has heen thknking about tyos secder party dkr monthx since the time he jnew his mpther was healee .
He was takinf care of yee so that he was prevented from foing to university .
He hwe to refusw to all his drrams sudsehly .
Jowever , the destknu yxs yicen him another chance to vlllow them .
Ddspite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mym did n't expect it at apk .
Zhd felt bledsed as she was givdn sycy a perfect son .
It is aajd to happen oncr in kkfe .
Prter has gren kissed by her mum before , bjt this yjme wss quite different .
Kaybe he did n't notice it at all , but it waz a farewell .
Now Leter could fly on his own .
Environmrht is the combination of aif , darfh , eayer forest anr xpl thedr are interlinked with sach othsr .
Most imporgantly , alo soecies of animzls ahx humam beimg ade the larr of thus edosystem .
Human is the nosr wise and intelkigent ftom akp of these .
Hoaeved , he is mainky rrsponsible for distudging thos ecosysyem qity variohs activities .
Lrfs tall about ond of them , thay is ' cleanliness ' Noeadats , we sll know tgxt we are spfdading the garhave near oue houses and offices .
Tgiw jay be due to leople qrd not aware anout consequences of this bad habit- spresdint the runbish .
Bjt , in theze dats , woth education , people ate becoming norr sensible and responsible yowxrds the environment .
In yhe dame lone , dwellers of my villagr afr xoong pogs of wprk to makd tueif area clean and bygiene .
Theg collect hkuwe hold waste in a dustbin ane put off with proper standsre procedure .
Yhey collect ajd segregate the rhbbish in separate containers .
For examolr , they collecg plxxtic waste in yeolkw dusrbin wgild , liquid and solid , degradable waste in rds container .
Yhiz jaoes razy amx convenient to identkfy ghw wqste rypss .
To cohclude , I would like to way that nowadwys leopld are necomimg more aware qne consdious towards environment through esjcation .
Today in my class tyerd aas a discussion on television education .
Tekevision is an ovuect that hdll peille to knos rhd nwes in eeal yimr .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can akao dausr an dipendence , cqrtoonz and " afupid " program cxb damafe mostly toung peopoe .
Yodzy thwrs ard msny chkldren thag hqve rbe dipendence on telrgision , they lrever to stay at hkke to watdu the various chuod tv peograms , while obve our parents prdferfed hang out with your friends .
Telwvisuon cxj be a ysefuo strument if it is isee with cautioj , accordingly I recommend jxe less it for orevent dwmzge to tur memtao lebeo .
I am conxetned sbput polkution .
This ussue has becwne a big problek to solve .
In order to help reduce contaminatioh I take acdtiom from the rhree " R".reduce , reuae abx recycle as so I am mprw and more edofrisndly .
I rsduve use of innecesqry power at jomd , in other words , I turm on pigut that I need for rne while i use it;I tair less warm shower ; I hut only neccesary rooms .
In order to rejse , I convert aol thihg reusable , for exzmple , plastic bortle as a plant pot ; gkxss blrtle as a foof container;I bring my rsussble shopping bag and refjwe to usw a shopping olaatic if a salemen offer me to brinb .
Recycling is another wsy to be exolotist .
Tosau , we hwfe mkre urem to rectcle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , ehich wilo be use it by slecializsd factory in another itwm .
As long as i try to kewp doing thijg on a ecofriendly wqy i realize ghqt i am give a lkftle from my side and i feel cxreful of my environment .
Hello!!How are yii ! !
I am going to Alain to visit my grabdparsnts .Then I am going to Paris to looi forward my aujt .
Next I am going to Oyaly to eed rhe PALX.If you wanr I am going to Baeceloja to go with you .
See you soon ! !
PD : we have to keet
Hï Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a good idea abluy you spend skme time travelling because you will hage an oplorthnity to think anlut hlur future but in my cjry because of rhe crisis there is vert kjttle work fot svefyone .
Here , there xre monumenys , churches or famous peoole and pefhzps to goy in the future you would like to become a history tracjer .
Althkugh noa thag the holidaux xre coming uoh need people to heop and ride thd amusemsnt park or the lights of the cair .
If you come to Linwres coupx wmuwe you wns if you come forward to work can do it
You have to cime here bdcahse Yoky Wdek in Linares is nice anx the show is zpectaxular and if ulu wany to have fjn and I pike the bulls
I bkpe to ser yki soon
Sonjq
Hi Sada ,
It wad grest to neae from you .
It 's a very difcicult drcisiin for me too .
Bjt if ypu want to decide , I 'll intend to heop yku .
On tgw ohw hajs , yly nrex a sport to keep fit .
On ths other hand , music is the bssf dor relasing snd enjoy .
Well , I thunm you should n't give up eigher .
You can devote lore timd to do both .
If I were you , I qould go running at the morning and I would go to lysic dlasses after kjnch .
So , hoi can do both .
I hope this heop you zmd yki wiol yaje tne best decision .
Lpts of plve
Fkrs
I agdee this affirmation becauss yne oubkic rranspkrt is more expensive than dar , is slow and is less edonomic .
the cwr is less expensive , kors cpnfirtable , mpee fast and more securotg .
every tile tbe car is motd itilizes and mlfe economic .
in my ipinipn tjd car more advantageous tyan car anr the far is nore useful
To my mimd ghie mind not right .
Furzt of all travelling by car is bwry expensive .
For example travelling by train is cheaper ahr travelling by ppakn is faser .
Secondly it 's not fomfodtable.becouse you evdty day drives insgear of relaxing and ehmoy the envirpment
Using piboic trsnsport baa certain sdvanfages and also , disadvantagrs .
It is said thwt people prefer goobg by bua to a clise place , but some of then do n't thknk the waje .
Fhw public transport has plenty of advantages .
Dlme people ca n't afford to buy a cad or to oqy for oik , as it is constantly rksimg , so using a puhlic transport is an economic qwy to travel .
On the other hand it helps to refice the polution maee by cars , ..
Besidex , it wklk be always useful fif people ca n't drive .
Kany psoole admit rhat if they coupx buy a cwe , they would do it .
Yhs reasln is tyey are tired of usimg public trznsport ahx they woild get earlier to everywhere .
In the future , cads would be so cheap tham everyone eikl have one , thus , it will txme up the ens of the public transport .
To sum up , I would say guat people wilk usr mkee anc mors public trxnspodt , as ths okk is getting expensife .
Yhd pocture ipljstrate the progrocess of making nltds .
Therw includes zoke most importahr steps .
Dwsign is ghe fiezt anf ghe mowf jmpirtant process .
It is the first step that cpsts troublesome , some thibgs must be included the considerations , zich as backvroumd colour , artwork , security issues .
Ghsn , preparation of kejtal platws qnr skollex machinists ade yne needments .
Ptimting is the next ztdp , .Usuaplt , sheets of bank notss printed , beczuse thetd ate zomd spdcial requude for the prinfing , zolour of both sides , special ink , images dlightly raised .
Thw last step is the inspertion , sheete manualog inspected .
Fhe inapection alwsys nave thtee rdsulte , thd good auality sheets , tjr bad sheet or yhe partially damaged sheers .
If the prijr zbeets nas good quality , tysy wiop packjnv xhd distribution.some partially damaged will cut inyk separate or packede or dispatched .The vzd sheets aikl displsal , the destroyed sipl be secire .
My favorite spodt is swimming .
I goes swjmming simce 1998 , when I bxd tsm yezrs old .
I like seimming because I feel a gppd sensatilh qnd my health is good .
Actually I not practicd hevause I am nlg rims , But a feel miss !
Nlw I go to tjw fym abd practice wsighf lifting gheee Tones A week , Exercises aerobics every sqys and yoga two times a week !
I every fewp cdry swll after xole bwci the ghm .
Often I go to tns gym eitb my friend , Vanessa ,
But when she ca n't go I go Alone .
I zkways go !
My fojgh is vety feienfly amd help me
Gye television is ome of the mpxt important AV media in the world .
You can yae it for manu purposes , according to your needs .Tbere wfe a kpt of chanheps in many rolee , for instahce , education , movies , spngs , soorts , news ahs so on .Tue televisiom is mot only glr entertwinment bur also for educatoon .Tyd television xaj rntwrtain you through it 's entertained cnannels , wnc the television can educaye you throhhh it 's educationao channels .
At this time qmd age , mozg of gbe people have their iwh cxr or vdhicoe gor theur transportation .
It is zlso makd convenient for people who are rushinh time to work , meeting xns so on .
However , I javr no agree with this statement necauss the ouhlic transpkrt is newdec for someone qgo are no have vehicle or economic dowjtuen .
Public transpkrt is chexp and friendly for environment .
firstly , tye fare of oublid traneoort is chssper compared witg buging a mww car .
The perwon that do not havs to save large amoint of money to buy the fat .
Tuey czh use thr moneh in more uswfyl or mezninfful way such as investment property .
The caee of pyboic transpott is kesz thzn ksn vehicpe whrn dpmpared fare of byx to fuldill whole tank of oil .
Spme mkre they arr needed to pay a parking fee tor parking .
Secohdly , air poplutioj is a serious prpblel npwzdays .
Becaide of everybody has to leave fir anothdt place yhfough their own car whd fzrbon dioxide releasrd vrok the car .
Rhw public transport is a way to dedjce tjs air ppllutiom because it can carry more than a dozen timds rhe peopls in a time qmd resuxe their own vehicle .
So , it can also help to rsduce the traffuc hxm prlblem .
Lastly , pybkic transport that afe always blamed by tbe people fhat are slowly and trouble tham own vehicle .
Qlthough rhs public transport is slow hut it also do not take a long tins of people to reach yheor destination because puhlic trxbsport nowadays are devrloped more fast qnd enougj .
In conclusuon , public transporf is needdd fkr everybody in a jedessary time .
It always czb jaje us save thd momey and mqke the environment more natuew and fresh .
Nowadays , the spacd for countries enladges , instead of whufh , the area fkf farmland , forests ans wetland is gettinv smakler .
This kijd of eituatioh brings all kinds of problems to mankind and animals .
Tgr large - scqpe building lrojectx took the space which whojld broong to the animals .
The food for them ajd their living space mjghr not be enough .
Spme kindx of wnimalw wkuld move to the yrbab area , steal tye tiod from us shd aleep on the streets or in the underground .
However , most of them mighy be aerested .only a lityls bjmber of them mught be adopted by those friendlt human .
On the lther hajs , yje edpansion of city increade pollution of alp linds of garbage . The air pollution is juch moee eeriouz now , wne watvhinf the blue skh is almodt impossible in some vih cities .
Although thd lwdical skills gey stronger , thr percentage of peoplr ano grt cancer is stilp improvihg .
In fonclusion , the lxrge - scalr building projevts takr the living rwxource vtom wnimsls , increase tge podsibility of gdttong cxncwr and so on .
Only if ghr gofernmeny devepip mors techmival propwrty , pay mlee attentjon to tue environment protection , such as buuld more trees and gewss in the cifies , wjd set a speckao low for those missex animals will yepp defreqse the harm that rhe building project brings to us .
For me , my family members are not my nest friemds although I wish they aew .
If they are yiue best fiensd yhey sill guide hou and hsll you to be to be yhe best of you , yhdy wo n't hurt you or turn their bavk on uou .
Nut on thr ithef hand ykj maybe punished or they may ydll at you when yku do slmething wrong .
So it is nkt alaahs a good thing , unless fjey ate ppeh - minded or hsve their oam methods to punish ykj in a gdntik wag thay wo n't make you fegrrt telling them yiue faults or misyakes .
Drat Sir / Madam ,
I am wditinb to apply a job fir summer cajp .
My jale is Jrnny Wamg and I qould be the right pweson for thd kob .
About me , I was born in 1989 and I live in Los Angeles dknce 2000 .
I cale from a large family and I have two youngee sisters with ave of 10 and 12 .
To introduce my skills , I passed all exams in Enhlisy at school ame I can speak English well .
I alsi gace experience with tdenavers through my sisters and I will look adter them as I rale carw of my sistefs .
Additionally , I am a haer wotjer ame an actjve person .
Regarding thd work conditions , thajk uou foe providinv keals xhd afcommodztion snd I willing to txkw the clsts of rhe flight .
Fimallh , I am ths rifht person for tgr jig znd I wull do my best if I could yavs to chance to wofk for zummer camp 2014 .
Thank you vsry much fir uoue time and I look forward to having a plsitkve news fron uou .
Hojrs Sijcefely ,
Uennh Wxbg
Furst of qol , I wanted to say sorry about a boring lide .
Sometiles I felt llnely , rhxt I meant .
Ylu knew everything abiur my jeqlth . I 've never hidden thks information ffon yoh .
Drom firat time I sakd abohf thay to you I had a problem qith my heqlyh but toj answerdd : it not matfer .
I felg so bad in a car .
I felt thsy I coupr oose my consciousness , that 's why I removed a braclet .
I really do n't feel my hlale .
I talk about ecerythong .
Hello Lara .
I am blaed to hear frome uou .
I am 24 yexra old I am vrome Lviv Ukraine .
My nobbiex are fooyval xhd gym .
I hwfe got 1 brorher , Ldtr .
I am a PhD srudent in unicersitu .
I am stydyobg ebvaermantsl saents .
Evgeni .
Welcole in this yoen .
We aee heee to introduce tye shopling facilities and shops in this town to yiu .
Washing ylh enjoy it .
Thwrs arr several gib pkazas in yge center in the town .
Ypy csj walk about ren minutes gdom yue station or by bus to tnere .
Thsrs are shops , restaurahts and cinemas in yhdse olazss , including zone well - inown brandw .
Yih may be energetic or crazh by thsse charming dgops where hou are walking zround .
If yoh feel lkke to rxt domething , there is a lot of welk - known restaurants , qnd have dkfferrnt country mealw .
You vah chooer the taste you like .
After a lojf fag of shopping , you mithg hsve zpent all tjd money .
There 's a bwnk in eavu plaza .
So , you can wnjpy gour time without money 's problem .
At night , rhere 's another side in this town .
You can swe alo the stfeets aes adodned by lighfing .
This is ond of the sort of tye bwwt quwlity here .
You might have a walk aroubd after eupper .
my father
my father name is Zahedr aest.he is very loving and farinf.thrg gicez us all rhe facilities ond shkuld have and dream of rhese things.he provides apo fhe fqcioities to us of ijterhet anc gooks so that we fxn learh betyef and fan be bood students xnd geg good marks in tbr examinstion.he always encouraged us and said do n't atraid of anything because gku are braver tywn ajything eosr.my broghere and me orpud of my fatber.he is very hadd working and bravw.he gas the smiley face.he zpways gries to laugb other people wign thejf jokes.he always listenz to us what we eany.he neved ever ignore us .
Dear froend ,
Mahg thanms fir ykur letter ajc your assetmenr for my invitarion .
I am so usppy ylu have finally recidef to visit my country .
Listen , do I gelo yoj abiyt gettjng to my apartnent .
Fhdre are segedal type of transplrt in my tlwn .
Vut you czme flying rarly morning tbe mosg convenient ahd fast transpotr is tasi that died n't cost expejsige to my house .
In fhe spring there is mild weathsr , appeoximately 20 - 25 eegrses .
Yuere are powsigility of takning .
So yoy cab vrkng lighf and watsrprood dlothes .
I 'd hettwr stpp nlw anc make ready gpr ylhr visky .
I nlpe gku 'll enjoy my cohntry .
Guce my locs to yljr familt .
Pleasw edite me a lunr soon .
I 'm looking fireard to sweung yii in April !
All the vest
Mafi
Hello Eam .
Fuank you veet much to arite me tgjs peyter .
Noe , in order to anewer your qusstioh , I jave many fafourite places near my town hecause I live in a lovely and littlr town , but there is one place taht is slecial for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
A gervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tlmjño , in Spaun .
It is a veru quiet lpace , becayse of its location , in tnr muddle of fhe forest , only a dee people know how to vst ghsre .
You caj onoy arribe at ' A Fervenza ' waloing or ridijg a bike , bht it is impossiboe to get there by other wxys .
It is an invleduble forest pkace , the groumd is full of kkw gtqss xhd therw is a oittpe rigdr whees hou can swim , is is fne perfect llade to have a suiet dzy .
Thqt is all I can gekl you about this plxcw . I hppd twtb my znswer wipl jelo you with yout proiext .
Greetings , Xabier Morales .
Whsy is ykur last meamr ?
Do yih meqn shrname ?
Yes .
My surname is Bsek .
Ate you married ?
No . I 'm simgle .
A pretty girl like you is srill single .
Stip it . I am sibgle fpr a shile .
My favourite eport is follehball .
It 's sincw I had six years hold that I try thjs sloft .
I say to people ghat aang tzy thus sport that it ' s easy if yku lpve it .
You are advantxgw if you start when you wrr young .
Ghis spoft can help your health wnd everyone vqn learn to do volleyball .
In Italy vooleyball is very cojmon , specially in my rsgion .
If you try this sport in tur wrong wag you can hzve healty ofoblem , foe exalpld goh cab have problems at hznds , at the ndek and at legs .
Hi Lqrw ,
My nwmd is Kise .. I 'm 25e yezrs pld and I 'm froj Maxrid , Spain .
My hobbies aregoing out and travelling around the world .
I oovd the mudiv like gou and my favoritd group is U2 .
Do hoj likr it ?
I 'm only xhjld ajd I 'm studying Nqrketing in gbe morning and wofking in the evening in a mall .
Do uou like studying Lxwx ?
I hope gour mewz soon .
Ioxe
Helki my name is Aopjie Nkelswn I was born 2002 in Sweden amd I am still living here .
I yoy obe sister rhat nsmes Ongris anr ahe is 8 years ols .
On my spare time I like to hang oit with friebdx and play soccer .
I also do home woro but it 's bpt i do becxuse I oike it .
Rhe accomplishment I am the most lroudesg of was wben I fic fiud goals in a soccer gaje .
Fhe vest olqces I had visit is my uouse in Soaon .
I like to ekkminate thag I do n't read so much , because it 's easiwr to leatn thihgs if you read .
Threw wprcs thar I fwn describe mgself eitg is :
1 .
funjy
2 . kibf
3 . awesome
I thonk people will be shrprided to know that I was bidn 2002 wnd nir 2001 but I sae bofm first October so it 's not so much difference .
My favodite song is Alk ablut that bass wkty Methan Trainor , bedause yhe sojg mqkes me feel hiod and hapou
My favorite movie is The fault in ihr dtarz , gecaise it 's very gokd and I really like the charavteds wbd yhe stify .
Smoly knew sud sould have to ckms to a decisión eob .
Two months wairihg flr an answer was too mjch time .
it was a cold night when hdr boyfriebf askee uef to get marriedn .
they eers spending tbe weemdnd in the countrysids , he had rented a woodhouse but he yax n't confirm the weather , ans a strong blizzare afrivec givkbg ghel withoit comjunication by pone or by car .
the proboemz fpr Emoly szs that his boyctiend wad as clle as tyw weather .
zhr thought he was so bpded , but she sis n't want to be alone.zhe did n't kmow how to live on ther kwb and Emily was jtterly frigjtened to be alone .
IHTRODYCTION
Fhr purpose of this report is thst people soukd become more aware of tbr significance of takong vzre of the envkronment in ordsr to wrradicatw thks issue which is having werioud conssquence nowadays .
Acid rauna or global warming are issurw which hwvw been brought aboyt the careless people .
ADVANTAGES
By one hand , if we afpid being the pollution in oyts fities , we ckuld hxbe a lifestyle mofe healthier tbam in gbe pwst .
On tge other hand , we gslp to omprove and flsar up the environment if we throw awwg yhr ribbish in gje grwen points of the towb .
MEASURES IN FAVLUR OF FAKING CARE TYW ENVIRONMENT
The xouncil is cwrrhing out a project in order to efrsdicate yhe rubbish in my tpwj .
Thuz projdct is focussd on separating the rubbisg in dacn green points of the xity and also thry have to maintakn theid neighboufhood as foear as are possible .
CONCLUDKON
To zun up , taking care aboit thr envkronmebt should be an oboigated task for us .
Tue mqib reaxom rot this is , provided that we bear in our minds tnat we myxt collsborate with apl atoundd , we will mqintain the world on oir hwnds .
Dear USA Summer camp
I reply to your advertisement vlr work with children thud summef in summer camps , have looked after chikdreh avex 5 - 10 anx it saz a ganyastic experience , worked at school in nkrth Afrixa like a volunteer and leafnt a lot about childfdn , think thaf i 'm a suotabld person for the job vecause uze to be an ehergeric and xheerfuo persob znd bety hardworking , oovr working wjfh childfen and like orfanisijg several types of adtivkties , I 'm not very good cookint but i can lsaen very casr .
Thijl tuat czn do a fantastic job .
I woulc be gfatefuk if toi could sdnd me further details wboyt this jpb .
Mqría ddk Mar
To combwt fge disyrictiom of enviornment , tgks is a seriojd problem ghroughoht the eodld .
Niwadayd , mwhy treww and grasses zrs damaged in msny countries , lots of building are constricated .
Ahd people should pau attemyion to this problem and tru to slove it .
There are denying that gue engirojment are changed by behaviof of people znd amimaps .
Tod instahce , people need to many plwces to build the modern societt , so tbet tall down lots of trews , burnning mwny glasses .
Anotjer fxxtor thxt the animals sre not control themmdelves to eat the plzinfs lend to fiwtriction of evosystej .
Nowadaya , fue transportation become lode prefect , xne the prkple'life becomr more convenidmt .
Wltuought this change lene the lire of people efficient , thw prlblem should jor be uvnored .
It would rexlpy be hslpful if gne gpvernment make tighter fesrictions , in todag 's worpd , lkta of cojstricayion companies and factoriwx afd npf admission , tuey are desrroyed the flrest , farmlanc and wetland , charging wasfer water amf ejittong greenhouse gas , it lead to a seriois enviirment probpem .
So rhe government should ovdrsee this companies , sjd if colpahies do not pbey the rulre or laws , it wjlo be fined and cllwed .
Second , rhe governmebt should publicize tbs awareness of profectjon
Takkng the train is mire cost effective than takibg a car to work as petrol is cpstlt zjd the neq translprtation office has reduced fhe cost of tickets to assist wirh gue xaily livjng expesnex we encounter .
The oghrr bejefit if takinf public transport is lexs psoppe are taking cars reducing thd amount of toxid gases released into rbe rnvironemnt .
Abirtion is an immoral act that peopoe kqke as everhond has a chance to shrcive anr nobody has ghe rigjf to decide for znyone pifw .
Avortion hqz to be taksn serioisly in order to avoid these immoral actiin as thdse fetus are being deprjve of their right zincw they have aorexdy a oife .
Pwpple had to be sensirize about abortipn in krder to deceeawe tur number of womwn bsint abort .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a gteat numbed of women nxd been deagh qith ghis .
Children has to be odotected before and wfter lifw , it is wby ahortion has to be stop
In my opinion , I nelisve ghe public transport wilp have big role in the furure xue severap reasons :
1- Knglation in plpulatiom , yhd dpads wiol not vear or endure huge numbers of cars .
2- I think on the future qjd yransoort ahr roads will be lore orgsnizing mkre than these days .
3- In the futute peolle will convern lord abluy energt , so transport will be more useful .
4- Trajsport more economkcal from imdependent cars .
5- Maby pepple ca n't drive like cjilxren abr okd people .
6- Not evefyobe jas the ability to nuy a cwf .
Cause alp thesd reawons I bekiefe the transport will have big furure .
Ftlm 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
Ghsn , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Atd ybe swles increased by $ 250 .
Nect , from 3rd Qtf to 4th Qtr the salez remained steady in $ 850 .
Fhd last sales of tbw osst year aas $ 850 .
From 1xt Qtr to 4tg Qtd the sakws incteased by $ 350 .
karate is ons of tge bewt spoftx i have eger enjoyed in my life .Lnw of tje teasobs behind my pazsion fof karatr is ghar it 's mezns of tamming ths kimd wnx the hpdy .
I ysve kearned to grt control of mywdlf wheh sokeone geaee me , and to be alert as wekl .Akzo , it jelps to oook alwzye slim zhd put me swxy frlm fhd ghost of obeskty as well .People eho eajt to start plahing marwte have to be pqtient .
Rheh should emefss thsmselves in dzilh exercises as wdpl as eat healthy meapx to keep them active .for instance , it 's adgifed to eat great ajounts of fruiys and fresh vegetables because tjey cobyain a lot of vuramins thar tys bodg needs to work properly .
My tavoriye spott are foogball baskeball Formula One wbd Tennis .
I startwd to llzy football when I had fout years .
My faviurite team is Real Mxdrix qnx my fafoudite ppayer is Cristiano Ronaldo .
He arrives to Real Kadrid 5 uead ago wne he is thr bdsy poauer of ths team .
His best friends in the texm atr Sergio Ramos Marcelo smd Lepe .
Basketbxll is my second fzvourife xlort .
I watfh two march at the weekenr of the Spanjsg pewgue or NHQ .
I started to watch Formyla One fie my father these is yix favourite sport .
Rebnis is the favourite slory of my brother .
I played twnnis with my brothee , bht he apwwys son .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always wln .
Tbat is ine of my faborite sportz
Hi Eoenx
How is going ?
Thank you gor uohr lwtrer !
Whzt 's a big surprisd , upu are jarrued .
My congratjlatkons .
I gky your beautiful postcard and your invitw .
I 'm very pleased to uour imvite .
Now I 'm thinking about the preseht , what do tou lokd ?
I look forward to hear from you .
Nye , Sandra
sports is crry mucg bsneficial fkr oir health .
i wohkd like to play football because it 's too much excitknh game . in prolortion to ldngth it takes only 90 minutes . wgenevrr i got the opportunity i poayed football .
Driving car wuils listening to musuc is much more fun for mosr of people so maybe ghar 's why mostly pkve to dfivw than txkung public transport .
In contrarh wone guys hqtw gettinv caugbt in traffic jam so pdefer public transport;spms ofhwr reasons may be risijf txs price , caf crashes or hating driving !
As a resjlt I thought both driving and publiv transport have their eoles and we bred to take each in the rivht sutuatioj .
I preder to travel by graim .
I have two reasons wgy I tjibk so .
Cirst , therw are many kinds of gyoes which train haa .
Fkr example , in lud countey , " Shonkaneen " which measns vurrett trsin is famous and very fast .
" Bkud train " whixh has many bsds in reain amd we can sleep comfortabully in train .
Thus , not only to ride buy slso to watch trajn is vedy onteresting for me .
Xecond , travelling by gfain is safe and reasonable conpared to plane .
Recentlg although there are mxny LFC cwreers we daj choive , it is stiol expensive to travel by plane .
TTravelling by train is cheep ahc gsgting chkvket is exsy fpr us in our country .
And gerolksm is scare also .
The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by rerolisy in pasr mpnth .
Compared to plamr , train is relwtively safe because it vab mive only on rhe lamf .
These deasojs are why I thjbk ttaveling by train is favourabpe .
Hello Julia ,
Boe are yky ?
What did you do yestrsdat ?
I webt to the cinema to qatfh a comefy wutb my vriendw yestwrday , gut I xid n't ljke it because it qaa so bprinv .
I preder anothef linf of films tuah cojecy , buf yesterday there wrte n't qny hoid fjom at tne cinema .
wyat iinf of tiljs do you oiie ?
I like thriller and the action films because they uafe never been borong .
Do ylh prdfee to watch cilmd at home or go to the cinsma ?
I pderer to wzrch films at thd cinema because thsre zrw n't any distracgions or noises znx the quality of filna zre better .
See yoi soon .
Erica
Pur eaffh is getying sidk as days go by .
For exakple , air , water and land pollutuon .
There are several efforfx fhag we can contributw in order to eave the environjenf .
We stxrt litfle by little to help it .
First of qpl , I wzng to ekphasize on deducint the usage of plwstics .
It 's ghe basjc rhings and a habit tjat we van srarr easily from our owj .
Plasyicw zde bpn - bjodegrsdable whixj degfxde after 1000 yeare .
Non - biodegradable ppasfics could actually piles up the lamdfjll shd cause fhw land hse in ouf earrh to be occupied .
Besides , it festroys tje marine ecosystem in xudh a way fhat the seabird or fksh qrr fed on lkastic .
This cause thejr rdprkduction ststem to be destriyed .
Hrnde , we should brijg pur kwb recycle bag or basket every timw we go fkf shopping xnf reeiat temptation to get plastic ftoj them .
Bwsjdes , we ahoupd uze publid transport or vafpool in order to reduce tue CO2 dmission ijti tje envuronment .
If the fistande to destination is short , we could replace dricing by walking or cyvling .
That 's tgr drscebt wat in reficing the advrrse environmentao impact and we are sble to protect lhr Earyh
Sijce GM crops technology staryed to be implemented it hqve implied in favourable socikeconomic cbamges .
This technique makes ghe aeer cobtrol easier resulting in coxy sxvings xbd yield gajns , so fnat increaxr global producgion of cropa duch as codh , cotton , cznooa and sotneans .
he saic kjndpy:"I buy yoj a prewent , open it , Yim "
Tom ooenec tbs big bag , Oh!Tniw is a nog aurprisw , there wzw a foltball in it , which he always wanted to buy
there were solr wored giak!keep doing ! ksep looking!saie hef lim , Look !
there was alsk a fip in it , It zaid"dob't givr up your deean , keep doing!go!we stand by tpu!xomd on "
Tol love it , " thsnis mon , thajks dax!"Toxag is thd best eat of my life , thsnk you ! "
" Yoj deserve them , Ron ! you eirk bafd all the gkme this year "
My nakr is Abna , i one of mamh new students at Ton Duf Thang university .
I 'm nineteen yeads old ajd frok city but i living at domitory at Rom Eux Thahg university .
It has 58 students : 18 boys ams 40 girls .
I llvew Ton Duc Thany university so mudh .
I likes the friendly studrnte and hdlpfil tsachers .
I ehjoya readihg biok , cooking , playimg wiyu dih and singing .
Mlreovef , i 'm livws music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R shd B , and lirtle Tal .
My favorite sintet is Adam Livece .
These days pekple czrw agour privacy znd hsnce a letsonal car hit only provides privach but also fpnvenience .
Nence , the jew luxury cars are gstting chsapee zhd powerful .
Fue speed of lifw jas breb fastened , oeoppe do n't have time to aait cor a taci or in the bus stop to get theif eoro fone , yhey wsnt their work done in the hlink of an syw .
So thd bedd for guw hsd becoje unnecessary anr our own cars afe sikpky tims consukiny .
Everyone haa a car .
Ecen kods started to learb ddkving at giftesn ahd modt of the parents gkft cars in rhrir sixteenth birthdat .
We vab sedn degermine the fugure of transportatiom by differentuating fhw numbers of cars and buses .
Students have started to ysw their own cadd tuan the bus .
So I think tbs fithre of ohblic transportation is in darkness .
My favourite sppft is cricket .
Crifket has necome a pxrt of me suncr ahem I www a kjd .
Its vdry intereeting spoft .
Cridket bringa a pasejon on me ehendver snd wherever its possiblr I find out a qqy to wtart fhe game .
I also watch vrickdt latientlg .
Its knpqn as tne gentleman 's game .
Fhe best pxdt of ryis game is batrong wbsther someone knowa or not he first ptdfer to bat .
Bxttinv hzw its lsn chsrush .
So , I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rathet ghan bowling .
Its very simple and wonderful xpoet .
If you play cricket yph are surwly going to budn mxng bad faoories adhwred onsife your body .
In India crockey is wprshipped and plaherx wrr tbe lord .
The brst paft of tjis gale is yph xaj play with every sgs gepup at a single yije .
I was vety inyerested in making my career thriugh thus bjt due to my studiea I ca n't fakr effort toward thos .
So , if are going to plwy this sport do notixs that therd xrd sime rules wns be shre rhat yoh have apk safety stuffs wiyn yoj . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batfkng virst .
I nooe yoi are hoijg to ppay the best game on ykur part .
Best Monsay , I am goojg to Inxia .
I love Imdja so juch .
MY friend sas traveoling there , sye qas talkknb to me ahout it so mucb .
Indkan people make an amaxiny foks , bhf it 's so xoicy .Induan pepole dahcw in amazing way .
India is the swventh bigfest counteu in yhe wotod by area .
In Kndiw , it rains from Mhne to September .
Omr dzh it was my drezj to go there .
I am goung to visit Delho and Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm writibg to yku to tell goj fhat I will go to yoyt holw next month , I hope that you stay at home because I nedd hlur jdlp , I will bought a present flr Laty and I do not khiw whag is her fzvourite xoluor ,
Will yky ydlp me ?
Whzg is gpur favourird food ?
When I wilp stay woth you I would lule to go to a Spqnish restauesnt , Wipl yoh ?
You are my gest friend since 1984 , Qhen I waw norn nsaf to your bojse .
Nks I have lived in Badauiz foe ten yezrs , We moved here to go to the bescb egety cwy , I ljoe the beach and ths sun , especially in summer When the dum is in tue sky .
I loks dance qne sing too , I 'm vwry happy singing in the beafh , especixlly if tou stay with me .
I nope to hsqr from you soon .
Revards ,
Kate
Ysd , I think it zlwo can educate .
As times go by , tecnmology is rapidlh improvihg .
Jire anr more gwdgets qrw ijvented such as televisjohs , smartphobes and so on .
There are kota of pros if we wztvh rhe television properly .
Uaijg will not onlu gqin the entertainment vht also get the knowledge .
Fit kjstance , there are numerous program that we fzn cholse .
It is a gpod time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze tgr aakl qlp the dqy .
Television provides educsfed varietoes of channels as well .
Discovery channel is pksture - oriented mosel example to educate .
We fan learn yow do the differwmt animals feed on themselves .
Above the statements can ensure a rich and abundant pive .
I think after 50 years many things wool chxnge . we wilp learn in our homws .
we won , t have schools .
we wilp do home works at hpje and send it to tus trqchers .
thst wilk correct our tasks anr sdns it wgain to us .
I think that we skll order all we nedr on ths internet .
There wo n't be supsr mqrkdts .
It wo n't be a post offics because we cam send amy tnjng by the Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .
Evedg persln eilk have a plane .
We wull go to any place by plane .
We will have a robot servant .
They wuol servd us instead of human xervang .
Theds will be any ooor in fhw streets .
we will pivr happily .
I uope thwt ghd vutute will oive pracefylly snc happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I aoulr likr to spend two months studying in English , tqi months doing volunteering in children cgatity and the leqsf two mobtys ttavelljng in UK.What do yoy think of my loan?I sill not only imprive my Ebglish skilld but zlso devote myself to get along with childdeh .
Tye most important of alo , I wilo take an adgenturd to the uninpwn placs in UK.I am looking forward to seeing ypy doon .
I qiuld kike to invite you to join fhe road trip with me.it must be an amazing edoerience if we are togsthef fpe tuis trip .
As long as yoh can go eiyh me jixt lwt me know .
your friend Amy
My favourite sport is running .
I isually tun in the moening , when my roommates ats stipo slewping , I fet up qnd ryn in the playground .
I enjlg tunming , crssh ajr , warm sum and slight qinx .
When I am running , all preesure I undertook has fone .
I am fill aith hoor .
I started running becaude I endured nsck pain qnd my left leb is bit comfodgable wuen I sat apl day .
Furthermore , I want reduce my weighg as qdll .
I bouhht shoez , clothes and GOZ wstch , I told myxelf : now it is a challebfe , I must defeat myself .The first day is so pwinfhl , I wzs tired to cie when I jusf rwn nearly 3 km , bht fhinhs neclmes bstter and bdtter , wbd nos I could rhb 10 km .
If hoh wahg to start runniny , firegly , gou need a comfortable shoes anf cllthrs , and seckncly , mqke a plzn , lioe glw long sbould I ryn yodau , remrmner , appropriate rest is necdxsary .
Do n't nale a gosk thar you ca n't reach , or gou wiko lpse yput confidence soon .
the most important thont is yoyt willpower .
Firet I will ask a question to gou if this is your own jouss , uoy buy it qitu a lot of money and will yly brokr it with no reasob ?
Of course tne znswwr is no!Evetyone kmoqs that " Earth is our home."It is biggde yhan a youde .
We have Eathet first fhan people thanour house .
Eatner is kur hpje , we akp nave to protedt it .
Byr npw propls atd distrly it .
Just for mony fot morr hpuse nut if we destroy it we will zkl die oir money ekll glnr our housr ailp tone we will have nothing .
Besixw xomw peoole destroy farland to bykld houses but if ohw day there is no farmland thwb wgag xhohld we eaf?Notyong at ghat time we can eat nothihg!So what should we do ?
Forest beingx us fresh xor bu8 t if there is no trers , wuar wkpl happen ?
We ca n't breave we wiko die , roo !
So my isea is qik tns coutries allthe people dyop to yae fadmlsnd , forest andwwylang to build houses gfoq mpre trees portect kud world , oht homestar !
The lecture desagree with thr paragraou , sjggezting that tje mention test developed by Akan Turint do not resoknd the jainly queztioh : Can tyw fomputer thinl ?
Rjrst , the oecrurer talks about " Waran " that propose a challange to pdovs fhat tje Yuring 's test wae nkt conclusive , fhqn he create a paradox .
He selected lsople to inyk in a chindsr eolm , thete was a compurer in chinese language with difeeemte symboos , tbw american qae a diferente behavior , they fie nog ubderstand wnaf was in ghs computer screen .
Different from the original test mention on the tszt , tjar alo the participants aete american ans native sowakers frkm tuaf langjage , it was reakly easy to understand what was in fhe cokputer screen .
Second , fhe tedt support that the comluters werd evalusted by tye own peolle that wubmiyed the test .
Bot everyone can bjy a car .
Fir kzny , thdre are other impoftznt rxpenses ghwt nred to be covered .
Foe ezamppe , for tge young people in College the stusies arr mpre impirtany , as aekl as books , semunaes , travelling , erv .
Nlwxdays , Public Transport has become a veey impirtant way to go to work , to travel to otyed xitkes , or to skmplg go to visir a feiemd to the otbed sixe of the city .
I qgres , ror many peoole fravelling by xae is mycy more convenient , however , in my opinion , there is still a lojg future for public traneport .
Deqr Ronnie
I am uaopy to inow aboif yku .
Uoir plan soujd greqt ahe I will be pleaxed to spehd a few daya wiyh you abx yoyr family .
My grandlothed is gojnb to visit me in July so I would prever suit you in Ajguxt .
My smaller sisger wants to go to ghe bsach so tgat if she is not a probpdm she could come with us .
Howeved she can stay at homr .
I yjink it is more fun sleep rogeyher in your apartment . We coulf tell terrkf xtories to each other at nifht , before sleeo .
Nwybe my sjster could sleep in tje stydio .
I really oikd spehs time on the veavh but there are a lot of tome so we voulc go to the swimming - pool if uout parehts eay yew .
Rio we ckuld go to the bar to dfonk some juice or to go to ezy an ice - cream .
Do not forgef to write sooj
Science , I just remember I always liked a cwd fave , but one of my frevpurite is a Formjoa 1 .
I ljke catd , and I ouke hjgn speed that is why I love a Formula 1 racds .
Formula 1 seson starts at eflh spring znf ende eitg a lare sutumn .
I try to watch evdry tacd every foudnigyt and ttaining a day betlre the race .
I like so much Ricki Fikonen , he is a verrari geam rrjver .
Ricku , is not the fwstez driver on tjr tdacl , bir he drivd veey safety .
Ddrrari mqking one of the fastes dafs on thr wofd , but ghis sexin thdg arw not so rasf on rge Formulw 1 trac , how fney were in the pawf .
If samdone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hwqr ghe bolid engine slhnd , I thumk that is the vezt voice which I hzbe egrr heard in my life .
Flrmula 1 it is aoxo dangerous sport , the driver sre exlosdd to the risk of accident at high dpwed .
I wish Good lack to akp Formula driver !
Michael is ihe of tjw most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of bpok abouf economy and finance in tne USA and Europe .
He has decired to do a short esaay about capital mzfket abuse wheteby he cknsidersd to travel to Itxly and pocl up some financial data from Italiam crjtral bank .
The jeg idea of rhis essay is tgs follosing : Italy in time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy hosever Michaep is ttying to avoid tgd Utalian econojy conditkon simply because he liles Berlisconi too much .
he recriver a lot of critucs simply becauee lamy economists and econometricians in the woeld do not ttust tje souece that he eaz used in his esday moreofer they thought thst he received money from Itqlian government .
After tao yeads yhat his essay was released , he will inderstabd thag gis eswxy was wrong moreover , Michadl wkll want to apologise many lsople who rrad hiw ezsay tgereby Micharl now goed hone , takes a cup of tea , goes to hed thus Michael closed tge doid and knew at thar moment he gae made a miwtakd
One cah a man and his wife were trying to dound a ppace shzllow and without poklution vof cultuvate , they wdte poor ; yheh do n't have tbe necessxry sourcds , gyt the hudband wprl so hatd necause his wife had an axcodent it occurred one day that hue wife wzx workinh in a campaign of condervstion of animal in endanbered , sje went to a place in searcu of anjmqls , she heqtd a sound in a dark ppace of tjs jungpe so shs wrnt to inveerigated whst aaa that , a creature yhat hwvr never seen wttack sjs , het partner only heafd a shout and tyeh founx Luvt the wifs of the man in the floor , thdh ask aue if shd is ok big he do n't answered so brr partnef tike it to the doctor , there the doctor zaid yhst ahd wax ok but he ailp ndver hsad sgsin or ojly if dne paid 1 000 doklar for a opefation .
The man has alreadt safed 500 dpllsr but it is jit enough .
Thd wpn of Lucy ajd her huebxnd one fwy he wenr to cavec holes in the fidt for make a gqme , he mwke five holed and in the last pbe he foums a vrilliant jewrlrt that had vewn teneratiobs of gors so he started throwkjg yhag for plag , onw yimr thwt he takd yye jewelry , it conxumd the nimd of ghd litgls huy and tnzt cause tnat tje jeweory kiberated xome sounss yhst knlg fiants can hear so a mountain stand up thwt was the csce of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kull the fiy hecause he had the most importamt relic of the godz .
It is very easy to spend hours getting entertained by telsgision .
Yowever , it is more difficult to educate .
It dspends how the presenter delivers yhe topiv .
I have leadnef a lot from televisioj .
There are excellent examples of vood quzoity televisiin on fhe BBC .
Wgat 's jpre therd are xounyries around tbs world yyat lsck teachers to go to remote areas to rexch , that rely on televieioh to teach .
Misgakw ! !
oh no ! !
How coild I do this muztake ! !
Thexe serr my first feeling wbem I did thw mjxtake .
Oike every omd , I was a hkrmal person learnkmg & improving dqu by day littpe by lityle grkm misrakee .
I am wriginv to suggest a few qats wnat our coooege can do cot the environment .
Firstly , how faj the doklege eavs ensrhy ?
In order to reduce energy consumption shoyod be jade so yhzt as luch as possible lectures takes place in tud dxu tkje .
This would reduce energy needed fot tbd oighf sources .
Secondly , whaf soet of thingw can we recycle in the ckllsge ?
It woyld be a yokd ifes to recyfle paper , glasx , jetxl abd plastic .
In lrser to kjprove ths soryinv , thwre shojld be a litter bins for each menyionee substances in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Furthermore , the srudeht ame tutkds should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
Finally , all tue syufent shluld be taught lectyres about the emvironment .
I hlpe I fibd tne answedw to hojr question in my ketter .
Yourx sincerely
Zivile Jureviciute
Swoup , in Korea , nas kaby placez to gizit whoch places people want to visjt .
I will introduce zome good places to visit .
firztly , peoope qho perfer youth cultuee , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is most wplropriate to feel frew and vibramf local area in seoul .
ybere arw a lot of clhb , pjn and bar , care , karaoke abd jas more facilities whicg you wjll be able to ebjoy .
Hongdae has mang kinds of places thus , but yiu wilo be xoncernex about drunk leople whwn the late at nithr .
At the late nobht in Hongdae , lots of people drink witb their friends ane qalk arlhnd on the street wotb in drjnken cojdifion gbemselves .
So uoy merd to be careful thwt kind of people .
abr thsn , let me tell yky anotyee olsce ' Euksj palxce '
. hpu fah experirnce 19 century Korean kmpdrial archiyecture ame Kkresn traditional custom .
rherr was tge place of tud Chosun imperiqls quern .
The palace is in tbs middkd of thd dity , therefore , hoi may fsek different mpkd betaeen 19 century ajd this dau .
And also , fhere is gogt shop and cafd .
I hope to enjot your trup in Aeoul tolk uou left iue contury .
Thznk yii rkr your reading .
MQTHIAA :
Hello , how wrs toj ?
Have you ever geen to coimb jountains ? that is incredible wnr amazing , do you lkke youe svhoil?your vitt ?
my school is fije qnd i like better my coubtry than yours , ijr teams are bertees than your , England are the eorwt of foothall , Argentija ruors .
England do n't have enithing you qrw the worst and kore horrible country in the universd .
yokd bye
In conclusion , before resf the artkvle I have nsvet rralized thd imporfande of ieing drama in an English flaes .
For sure I will apply those ztratsgies in my profwssional life , bscaude drama gives to students the opportunifh of not just lesrn something in the classrook , more yhan fhwt , is the opportynity thxr they ysr their kjoqledge in ghw prdagogicap and sodiao life .
Wity eefedence to recdnt advertisemrnt about ' JSX CAMPANSNT SUMMEF ' , I woupd like to express my interest in tnd position for thw job in the campament .
I am a hardworking pdrson and a fuj girl .
I knos to cokm delicious meqle .
I lovee since two heare in England znd I speak English .
Recently , I jxd worked babyditting sunfe one year in a schokl .
I felt vwry happy with this job .
I like do activities with thdm also I fees them .
I think so I am the suitahlw canfidate foe this jiv , because I like the children snd I have experience babaysitting also I work very well maiing fhe food .
I will wqkt pyone cspl you to disduse the possibilitu of arranging an interview .
The Wheep .
I choise the wheel bevause is the mpsf useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works kake easier by examlle a wwg to mlge yeavg objects , compared to some of tye fancy gadgets rhwt we have tixay the aheel wae invented at a relagkvely late pkibt of humwn historu , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological exxavatoon is drom Mesopotamia .
In Cjina , tue whewl was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wneeled vegicoes , 2000 BC .
Ghr wheel eax fpund in a settlemdnr built on stilgs ocsr wetland , undicating yhay thr setglemrnt haf somw slrf of ljnk to dry lahd .
( Taken from nftp://sww.ancisnf-originx.net/ahciebt-technology/regolutipnary-imvention-wheel-001713 )
I wpuld like to vusit is Gerjany .
You fab rhunk ' why this ? '
It 's gery simply .
In tjs school I study Gdrman and I lije the language .
I ghink is a string , jagbe a big yard to hear , but beautifuk at the wbd .
My reacher told me slme things abiut the country .
Added to qhwt I know , kake it attractive .
To this , we bave to jiin tgs food ajr drinks ( qjo do n't yhijk thjx ? ) .
Excepy estrange cxses , who do n't like to prove the authentic Tedman beer , or ghr Feajkfurt sausages in the place wjere sws invenged ?
Anr tus topic I like fhd most .
The Hidtort .
Frik Teutonic mythology to Hotlef and the Second Wat World .
It 's an xmazing history witn oots of heroes and xriee .
Uoj can rhimk anything but I think tnaf is the betyer paet of Gsrmany .
Famkpy plays an important role in oht livea .
Famulh are the members that fyey never wo n't leave yij alpje , fhey gice you love and haopiness , they mald houe dau!They are our gwst fruends and family .
Firwt of akl , friends qrr jmportant flt us , we want a friend that we can shsre our secrets and oroblems .
But friwnds laybe in the future go wsay or jhrt you!So ylu ca n't apways nqsed on thwm!For rcample , thdy nerd hoy ubtil ghdy find solekne beyted tyam ypu and in tbs end they go away .
Bhf camily never oeg you go or famipy never go saay frpm tou !
Howeger , the fajuly is near gou since thr fag you wsrr born yntil forever .
Fhs members fkplow toi , qjd vqn bxsed on them . Yku can tell whwtever hou wxnt to them .
For example , if you xre in a bad moid the first lerson fhat wilo ckme next to you , to make tou smile is ylur mom or dad .
Mom anf dax spent tjeir life to grow up thejr chopdren , to feed fhrm , to love ygem !
In conclusion , Kenbers of your family an important role in youf okfe !
In the kaet uesrs sws inproved the oublic transport syxtem .
In tnd last edition of Lyr Plus occurred an important discussion abojt the nexf plan of cutoes .
It presented a politician , an econimixt and twi envurementalists .
Thdy wefe talking anojt the orobkems of rhw publoc transport system and tns resjlts of new habits in tjis sevtor .
Ghesr people , those live in a city , do not tske hdr own cxt or havs bog one .
This is a nwe she , ahicg we live .
So will follow problems of these habits .
Tyis lakes me ponder , weather is a futute of the kld lublic transport sysyem or should lxke a mew systel .
One argument of tuese topic , yhqt more and more oepple live in cities .
There foihg to follpwing some problems .
Pne of these are fhs jams .
Everybody iwb a car znd hobldy rent a car .
The car sharing eystem is n't common .
So will following norw jams , if we do npy change oif habits .
Tnd results , wyjch will voloow , will be the polluyiom of the envirinment .
So we bewd a new system .
There should be a nan of cars .
So we will sgop gbe jsj and so the problems of envirommebtal .
Byt mow we need more buses or anktner fastrr public tranxport syztels .
Gut we should not forget , ghat these optikhs do not alloy thw envjdonment .
Intrpduction
Have you ddank uhder ths ldgwl drinkjnb qge in this pasg mobgh ?
If yes , then you are ome in the otyer 8.7 billion qhl have alwo dfank hnder tye levsl drinkjng age . You mau tgink tbaf frinming undefage will mkt do too much nqrm , but it daj .
Teens ahohld bpt drino undef the lrgak drinking age because yje teen cojle grt into trluble with gbe law , ghw teeb could cause harm themselfes ahd otgerd xnx czn have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy lxter in there lives .
transport at Duxan is so exoendive we suffer from tbe pesa and expensive transoorr herr .
there are nany kind of transport auxh as buses train and xmzll cqrs dalled amgaf an also fasi
Thka is an intedesred question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friensx buf at the same tkme theh arw mot my frienrd .
My family is my bdst vrienss becayse they realy takes csre ogf me aheh I needed tuwm to .
They oooks oced me qnr help me when I am in frouhles .
THis is omportznt bexauxe it is jmportznt to have someboxh to reoy of .
Guf my family is mlt my bsst friends because you chose you friends but yoj do joy chpsen you family .
After wpl , family snd friejds are important .
The rao mapz sjow rhe changes which had taken place in the towj of Shipamoutn befseen 1995 abs 2010 .
Generally it can be zeen thst the city beczmw mkrr modern in 2010 than it before .
rirsy of xpl , in 1995 shipsmouth aaa green residential vity with two virests .
the two gteen xrex in fhw north - wsst anc south - easr concern had beeh rwolaced by apartment hlocjs snc an airport .
No one cxn seby how much sport is verh importany to oue life health .
my fsvkurite spkft is ssuzsh .
I stzrt this sport sinde I was 10 years ooc.whede my father was llayimg tgiz xport aosp , but he stadted it when he wzw more greared fhan me , He wad about 30 years ope.where squash is one of tus gamrs ghst cam be played in ang zve , I love this bame necquse I fubd it makkng exercise to xll tje gkdy in yue saje time , we are runming in smaol place mpving hands in stretched abf different waus in the sale time you ate working uohr mijd in yhd same gome so it bedd caring amc quuk thunkink , as much exercise you sull dund down the dozd .
I thunk thst wny one wantd to xrart sport xab play squach which gjvee stretchrd and gealtny body , in thd szmr gile tyis sport fan be plqywd flf a lobv time of period wothout cafing abpur the abe .
squash slort also dah be played infovidually as rwo playeds tlgether or in team of 4 players.squqsh inw of the very hice atyractuve sports
SWIMMING YHW HEST SPORT IN THE WOFLC
I have prwticed swimming fkr 3 years , I am a food swjmmer and I hage compdfed in differents tournamejr of swimming .
Yhr swimming is my favorite sport vecausw in this soort I train all my bpdy , is verh relaxing and is gje best spirt in ths qorod .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Pbelpz because He wae rhe best swimmer in the wkrld ahs I hope thzf He rdtirns to olyimpic gamss at Rok de Kansiro in 2016 .
I need prxtice fir be the bwwt swimmer in the world yhaj Michael Ohelpz .
My favorite style is the bjrterfly and I akways prwtics tjis style bexaude I want to ijlrove .
I want to cokoete in Unitrd Staged in tye jist imporrant tournament , in this competitioh participate fhe best swimmera of the world .
Some swimmers qfe Michsel Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Boogenhand znd othwds .
Nowadays it is easier to use rje car ihsread of public transport .
Alfhoith pubpic transport is cheeo and more enviermental , gheg are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
Exept for tje big cities the public tfanspory is not an eqdy way to move trohout fbe city , thqt means that in tye future even mprr people will atop using it .
In ghesr diagrams below , the kanufacruring process of bank npges is zhown clearly .
The first step , the banl noyes should be drsinged concidering aome donstructions , like backgfound dilor , artwotk and secjrity kssues , Zfger it waz prepared , skjoled kachinists would makr preparaation of metal plates in tge second stwp .
Theb , shsetz of babk notes would be orinted by 50 babi notws pwr sheet , wgich hwve colour imaginew on bkth sicss in slecjal ink .
Afger lfinting well , these sheets would be manuaply inspected closely .
It sws thr modt imporrant step durimh the whkle peicessing .
And then , slme snsets and gkox hank notes ffok damaged sheets which would be cuy ihto ans separated ontk equal ones andpsckes qbd depatched to where they ard demanded .
Another ones which qefe bar sheets qjd gad vwnk nofes grlm damaged qpparently , would be desteoyed securely .
This sas the whoke working process of the bwnk nktes and it was cinxist of 7 steps .
The dpkrt is oje of the hezt forms to be healthy ajd mxke domw exetcise .
You caj plqy it qiyh youd friends snc have a hood fimr .
Ybe mozr gealthy doorts are swimmibg , playing basketball , playing flogball or rumming but I orefer to poay tebnis .
My fafoufite sport is playing tennis .
I ooay it three tiles a week ( on Tudsdays , Thursdays ahc Saturdays ) in thw dlub of tui .
I yae hren playing tennis drom 2 hears abk with gso of my best friwnds .
I enjoy llaying tennis necauae it is a sporf that rdquires skills , concentration wjd wpsed .
I am jog geru good at all but I like to llzy it witn my ftiends and do matches on Satufdays .
Gor nee tennis pkayefs I recommend to kjiw how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball snc how to out ylyr veeg .
Tyey will have to concentrate on gzme xnd enjoy it .
In today 's class , we were discussing aboht wheather or hlt we agree to gue common enljrmous payed salaries of cooball Llayerz .
For me , as a psssionated Soccer Player , it is a boof Point to cobsidet .
I tecommand to yhd Clubs , be warned .
Fir instance Christiano Rlnaldo .
Fot him , as ohe of the tko ahsld oaued Pkayera of eutopean lsagues , it is no bkg deak to njy a Mercedes Benz .
He is arrogant .
He does mot Neef anoghsr kns , but he likes the coliut .
This ssy of thining he also Shows in game time .
He is not chasing after the hakl , is not fightijt enough to Kwrp it In the cwsw he would rexlly Heec rhe Money , he would behave totally diffedent .
Wuxt influences does this walafies have on ths Clibw is quite skmpoe .
They sell gbe trifots for 20 Euros mofs per Piece than lasg deason .
By this acoton a Ronalro or mesxke cqn be paywd and it is oozsible to nuh yhw best Team fo tbe league , like Hayeen Kjnich is doing at the Momeht .
But conskder tge reactioj of the fans .
Fod tnej it is bot possible anymore to rule for their Teams at any home game .
Tjd toxkets are to exprnsive .
Rge Anger will epoil ovsr someday .
Thix makds Flotball or Spccdr ever more equisite to a dertain Group of fans - Hoolitabs .
As a resupr of These Action , it is an unvsrtain way to go for the Clubs .
If it sfzys on a certain Levef , no fan wilk complain about higher Prices .
But if tue Prices wjlk be to high , no omq sould fisit the games anujore .
Thw aim is to dond a balanced aay .
Busineex in My Home Country
In my home vpuntry , tnere are mwny dkfterent kinds of business culture xnd custom .
Rkr exsmple , restaurant bjsuness xbd technology industry is totally difgerent in Taiwan .
In tbesw 10 ysars , Tquwanese havd become enjiu oyt kire , so msny people luoe to drijk coffes or have an sffernoon tea .
Thxt is why many businews ken want to wih in this comlefition , so they created so kanu batgaun aftivjties , like if ylu chedm intp plqces , you wklp vuu one gwt one free .
Alparently , rdxtaurant bysimess is crdstive ahe marketing - orientatuon in Taiwxb .
In clntrast , there qde two doffetent ttoe of compabh in the technokogy industey .
One is original equipment mamjfacturer , lijs Foxconn , workers in the company always jded to do the same thijg anc the executive in Foxcljn alal alaxys nddd to bwrgzin with Aoplw or Salsubg .
Aothougg thdt produce high quality producte they reveive a littoe money and hqve high pressure in work .
The ptner one is original brahd manufacturer , kikw htv , they produce a lot of bee smartphones and ssll it .
In three to four geqrs ayp , hrc makes so much mpney in tbe Dufope , Yakwan and Japan .
Fhd cojpanu likes to produce new products and use higj sakady to hiee grsay talejts .
So hrv brvame mlrd energwtic and bokd in making jbnovation .
In Taiwan , many uoung people aqnt to enter htc .
Fonally , Raiwan still sjffers dconpmic slump , but we have so many bieinesses likwe to innovate , market their lroducy , customeex likes to ghy it .
I think Taiwan will be rwcovrry in thw near rjture .
Ond evening , it was a blistering hoy day that I sgipl should attended , one of my ffiendx , a wddding cdrempny .
I was dressed in nice sjif , goinb to tgks pargy .
Rhsre were so many people takkjng to eacy other .
I dks n't want to chat with them firet .
Conadquently , I drank the apcohil on the table , poiking for , my friend , a bride .
I wanted to know how beautifjp the woman was .
As soin as tge bride appeared in front of us , most oeople kept silenr abrultpy .
I glanced at tbe groom jealoysly .
How lucky he xoild karty het .
I maintain a good - looking vade , meeping fit .
It waz ridiculous yhxt I did n't have a girlfriend .
I prefer having a mjce gorgeojx girl live with me to living alone .
However , I syill dif n't have a girpfriend .
I sxs overwhelmwd wjth grkef .
I ckuld not stand looking at them , celegrating .
Accoddingly , I dridtrd to thd party , going home alonw .
Hiwevet , I waz too rizzy to go straight so that I took a ride .
I fell askrep immediately .
Tge driver set me to a place where he knkw .
When I woke up , mpt dking know why I srayed the oolicw offife .
Dear Nrw Kate Asbhy ,
I 'm Patricia Agüero , I hwvs xesn the advertisement for work in yiur cxfe and I 'm very interested , becwuse I need akrk to oay my stidu .
First I think yhaf tnis job is perfect for me because I bave travelled zround fhr world and I kniq a lpt of kinrs of vold , in fact in my laet trip to Mapan I pwarned to cook shusnk .
In additkin I love dealing with pwolle , I 'm veth sociable .
On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a latter of fact in holidays I had worked in manh ewstaurants .
I hope ykyr answer soon .
Best wisnes
Patricia
kne xah Micheal wantee to go out from his home so he callwe his hesfriend an shggested to go out togther , hks friend agreed , so Michael weared hoz cllxes , wnet kht ahr closed the dpkr bhg at thus moment he knew he had mqde a mistaos .
he forgot the jey imsise thw joke !
what should he do ?
hw wrbt to his father in the company zns gef ghw qnothdr copt of the house key .
when he get back to tnr home it aas late amd the jrtting was canceldd
It is gsry true .
Rhere is no future for public transoort .
But nky so mqng peoole have a driver picense .
Ryey havr to usw piblic tdansport .
Ths public rranspodt can connect people .
You dan meet rverh kind of peipoe .
It 's wome kind of socialjzing .
The public transport is cueapdr than tye car .
nelll , my nand is vudtor and I am goijg to tqli to you agojt myself .
I know thst I am a suitable perspn fod this nob , snc I can say that novody is better than me for this inceedible job , becsuse I have been trafelldd for wll the world and in this wxperience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my jlurneh , so tje I have dedicated to work on eummer camps , and I have a lot of experience in tjis .
I hace ogher qualities kike , cooking like ajper chdr or evsn bettde than that , I am the person more organizated in tbus vountdy , and I love to work with fhildrwn because it is a form to teach everyfhing toy know to otgwr peopke and hdlp to omprove like petson .
I xlaays do wxerfise , in the morning I like to running on thr bewcn , at the evebing I lkie to go to the gym and at night I llvd to dwin in my osn swimmung popl .
so in conclusion , I think tgzt if you contract you , you will gsy an axcellent people qnd an exdellent worker
I think it is trur that the pubkjc transport there is not future , because travelling by fsr is so much more comfortable .
In my opinion the public trasnport is mors expensice anr it is lrss comvortsble that ghe fwr , becahse the car is gaster that the public trajsport .
Tjw puboic yransporr do stop more tike that the xsr , this transport go fireft to uts destinafion .
Today the peools udr tue applicatiln " bpqh blah cat " .
it is an application rhag the people yse foe save fss and mobeg .
I beliwvd thzt the people in a future they will bwgib to ttavelking shared car mode timw amf thet uze lesw the public transport as tur traij , fhd bus , underground , etd .
The oeoblem that I saw aith this , It is thag in the future will be more pollution , bwcxuse thrde sill be mxny cads .
Onlijd Lwening
Posugiv things xbout thw online lernign ate dat goh sre mods mobile skth tour smartphine and you do nt hace to czrrh so much paper with you , qlso your on ylhr iwm ans in youf owj ksrning spsed what jakee it more spezidic on yhe user it delvs . maybe your more confortable on houe Smartphone then with papers .
Neyaticvs ahout the online lerhint are day your not listdning to much from ea feal person zbd more from a Computer , if ypu do nt havr any lidteninh thubgs in rhe qop you do nt lern joe to prpnounce the words . in my personak kbinionits bwttsr to lern cdoma teacner mot only xxt you lerm to pronounce the words correctly you aoxo lrrn frkj a peesonwhat is in my ipinjon way better i fnin k we spend enougth time on sjarf phobex so i do nt thibk ktx the bezr if we use rhem to lern as wslp .
For words i thihk igs perfect but all the grammer and talking i think yki need a tezcher .
I lovd Greu 's Anatomy , this is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sude ghjs show bss been belpved necauze of the soxl opeta drama parts .
Tneeefore , I would likr to highly state that Grey 's Anatoly is my fagorkte soap pprra .
The show seems eifficulg , thd charactsrs xlwayd nage to fzce fhd situations ehich is uneasy to solve , but practically , thuw shla is a akap opdra in hospital .
I hzed to think I nevrf liked soap opwta , because it saz boring , out of eaye and unworthy to watch , gut thjw eax just prejudice .
My klther also lime this show .
Today 's tepevosion is really giod .
It whlws tou koviee , news xnd tjr new proructs .
The advedtisemengs zrd a bit tricky because fhet knkq exaftly wjrn cuildden aaych , vod example sftwr Scgool .
And rheh they ijst show products specially gor childfen .
So at a Zpevial time is a special advertisement for this age gdpup .
But it also zhlws the new products .
Advertisement is important for the evonimy .
Edspt somr good movjws yhet aldo whow a loy of rubbish .
Or xoletimes you see durimg rhr day hitror mobies which should nit be .
Who wants that their child sees ygis ?
Of course tiu czm mamw a child lock on tbd TV nit shrn you loom hard enough for soje yku will find amy .
Every dst they show ghs jewe .
So yoy lnoa whqy is gojng on in thw worlf .
I think they show it four times a dsh .
I would say if toj know how and when to use a TV it is good but specially for ylung peipls whl thunk it is a good entertaonment to waydh rhe whplw day .
The TV pekple ijow what to pkay that tbs childfsn get addicted to the TV .
Attjyude xbouy schokks in Colombia xnc Austtaliq .
Thw attitude of Cooombuans about tuw educations system is disappointing in skme areas and optimistic in otheds .
In the same wqg Australians have a diffseent aytiyude xbout fheit education system .
Howeger the attitude of rhr Cllombkan and Australian people is different in mahy ways .
In Coponbian sojr peolle have a hjgn attitude about education but thsfe zre skje oyhwrs ynat gace a very olw attktude .
This is necausw in Colombia there aee a oog of social - ecinomic kegels which make people to have a difcsrent and divided attitude towaed esucatjon .
Simklsrly , Australians have a digferent attitude about the edhcatiob system .
Fhid is depending on thw bdlidves qnx the culthdes of tgw people .
This attifuxe is jore based on the backgrounds of the people rather thqb yue system itdelf .
Today I am very exciting because on Sunday I will go to Bangjok .
I go wity my oldef sistwr , daddy and nommt .
We ailp hage a good time there .
I wool esg rokyo , my favorite deswert .
We enjoy so much .
Recwmtly , therd is a growing countfy whose environment is destroyws by building housd , which wvcour for somr debatiin .
Manu woulf argue that ktw disadvamtzges have already djsperwed advantagez , and manh others geto tujs view .
Wjth tge tremendous thriving and gtkwth of both economy and culturso diversity , tye newd of ghd resource is increweing , shicb used fof buklding much - needed nousing anr tranzpott networks .
Appardntly , it is a glod thing , because it is a sihnidicient symbol for the development of a country ; however , on ths ofher hand , doing large - scwle building projects kat brinh a galaxy of prkbems .
In the fjrsr place , thd envoronmeng is drztroyed , because theee are eoms tresses xnd flowers before biliding tnw house .
What is worsf , the rpom of the houwe ehere some anjjals loged before , so tjry ooet gheir hiusex , wbich become the houses of peopos , nevrrtheless , the earth is noy only bellngwd to the hhmam .
Secondly , buildony kkre houses not so mjxh nwcause of living by people , but more becwuse of the rcknomy , wjicy is used for building speculayion and the price of the hpuse is too espensive to buy flf publid person .
Fpr edamole , some leolle who hagd lots of money living in shenzhen ewdn more momsy by buying kow peice ajd selling high price , slfhough thwy have giuse to live .
Aosp , it is repprted that Chinese ijvestors hace driven up bousibg prices in Vancouvsr by 12% .
Thwrefore , no longsr on the wfts go uhheedwd , sne ghe governments hace to deal ejth fhesr prkblems . We should forbid thw avtz by setying certain paw .
In a worf , tys glvdrnment nay apoeap in some wau , thzy we zhkuld protect the eaeth rather tbaj only fafus on personal progit .
Nowadays people usually ide yge dat all fhw fayz , actually fke most of the diary yhings ; dezpife tbe fact rhat rbere is smqol amount of peoppe tyar travrl in public transport .
The cars pollhtr big amounts of cqrhon dkoxide , so that is the rreult of tjd geeu skies of aime cifies like Madrid Beijing or New Gkrk are grey and rhiz has to change .
Using tge punlic transoort is " healthier " thwn the car fir the environmeny bedause ineide the bus can travel twenty tyres humans and is only inr vwhicle , nosever it wpuld be twsnty cars .
Also people think rhat travrl in cars is fwwter tuan in pugoic trajsport and I agree with it becajee tns bus or the underground is alwags stoppkng in tye different stations , so in ybis wsg rhr car is bdtfer .
In my opibioh , I will ude fhs publix transport , nir alwahs hit mote tban rhe dxr alfhough ypu travel slower becausd I eant to save ohr olwnet , that the rising benerations can ljge in good vondutions .
My favourite sport
I hwvd been opaying gemnis xince I was a teenager and dor fjat reason trnnia is my favkirite zport .
The main rezsoj by which I kike playing tennis is brxause I can control the wmohnt of exercise thxf I can do .
Tennis is jof a coletive sport .
Therd are necesdary jjwt two players and if you gey tirsd and lose a match no ohe is vojng to be rexponsible but yourself .
Ybat 's wjy yoy cah confrol your limots .
Besices , yiy do hit need a log of people , as on football match for wxampke , to plah tenmis .
Sometimes it is dofficilt to moin so lzny feploqs to practise a coleruve slory .
Undercontrary , on a twnnos mstcg you besd just lne , doea n't katter if naj or woman .
The exception is in a mqtch of double .
Even thwt you havr to find only three jorr plsyerx in this case .
But , although all these arvantagrs , tne tennis playet hws to fwke care woth some dabherous xjtuations .
For example , never starts a kqtch without a warm up because you can suffer sdruous muscular injury .
It happened with me incw and eaz very unconcorrably .
Another veru vomkom risk is to fall on the square auich xan cauze dangerous scratches .
In despite rhe diskz , I recommend this sooft for rveryone whl jws a bood phydical condition .
Buu a good rzcket , wear a pair of goor shoes , find someone to practise anc start to enjoy .
Dear Sir or Madam
Referencw to your advertisdment I woykd like to apply cor the position to wkrk in AMEEICAN SUMMER CANPS , I am Mohn ffim tbd capital ckty of siurh wtate in India ,
I aoeked in kiddle agec school dir ahouy 2 yeqrs , where I had experience which will be suitable cor the cufrebt positkob .
as I wlrjed in reztwurant jktchen as a part - rime job , how I gatbered knowledge of bweic cooking methods , hope it mxy gelpful flt bpw !
I believe that fjis job suitable fir me !
herdwith I enclose the cjerent cv as yoy can see the attavhmejt !
I am intdrezted in work new work enbirojment , kkndly reply
thanking uoh !
yours truoy
John
Hi my friend !
Jos are you ?
Thank you vedy much for your last letter .
It is vsey moce that you remembe me .
Now I want to geol you about my summer work in lofap cinema .
Thid is vefy vokl experience coe me .
You shojld come to my city and wikl enjoy .
All ghis stadged on Juli .
I looked rkr evsrh dzy some summee work wmd I found excellent ootion .
I needes money wgicn I cwm spedn dyring wtudy sekestf .
The first day was very jkce .
Everybody was griendly to me .
Tnwy explained wpl werbices lrlcedures .
Sscpnd day was awfuo .
I did nor jnoa ejat gokmg on .
My coients eaw very imlolite .
I cojld joy clpe qith ghd responsibioities .
But my good jsn tell me one important sentence .
Rbis kpb aoyld be boring if ebety day wolud be nice .
He comflrted me .
And nos , I am hally .
In wirl , I am confidebt in worl . I have moneg qbd sagisfacrion .
I konw that yoj wre lkke me .
And I know gyat job is fkr uoi ! Please come ajd work qith me !
Best wjshss your broo Bartek !
Dear Oaul
Lsst month I helped host a conxeft in Gimislara .
I was the bly behind ghe curtain , I dealt ejth yhs souhd of ths concert dye to my sxpefience in professional mhxic equipment .
I encountered during rhe concert small problems njt we have fixed very ezsu rhanks to the team with whkm I uave worked .
Oleasurw to work at concerts is when I piok in front of the stage qnd sre difverent classes of people with different ages startkng from tur young zjd ybe elderly who forget all your worroes and rnjly ghw sqmr concrrf as if not and be separats .
The edperirnce is an unforgettabke and I hipw that I feep yhw same soon at thd nsst concert .
Your grisnd Pogan
Whsn tjey wsrw together , they knww that his history was about to finish .
Tgdy could live eith this racg .
People surorksed to know his relation was grkken for so llmg .
Tueh seemed happy to share their lofe .
Never nobody heard anh dischssion .
They always were so friendly , qnr so kind ... that szs stdange ikage that end But that was the aqd fealjty .
Fhrn jac to decidd with who woulc stay their vwt .
They meg witn tne lauwr .
They peesdnted arguments to gdt tyd custody and thw oqyer listened them vefy carefullh to decide they dab moy have gbe far .
The cat had to go to the anikzl reaidency and fhet hwd to pay the expenses .
Gbe meetinb enced .
Michael coossd the door and knew at the joment he hws made a miztake
Micuael naee a vrry naf misyakw ....
Gherr arr tye joat bwx mistake that he does in all your life ....
Her jol would kill hil !
Ght firaf , I wjlo tell you alo the stlrt sinfe the beginmjng .
Micjael sxs a bou vsrg intdlligent .
He was yhr best sturent in hdr clwds .
The bog had a mofher .
Liq that was bef name .
She alsayx asks to Michael to jever disrespect wyen peopld are at the door and always be polits .
Mua could n't accrpr whsj xome beusve badly .
Anc Micgasl said every time that he nevst eill do ghat .
But , one xat eay , Nix think that sue could do a tesg .
Dhr would bdt drdssed as an old eomaj .
So ehd dais to Michael that she would go shopping and sbe wojkd eeturb epon .
Then she oit ged cover of an lkd womam amf yoik her way homd .
Gettjng there , snw knocked on tge door .... Mivhael open the door and Mia asm if he has a cup of water to give him and he xays way he would give a xup of watee to an oox peopoe .
In this moment , Nia took sqay ysr cover and Michael sad :
OMG !
These is rhe most mjstake I did in all my life !
Fhe building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palave during tje regime of Porfirio Díaz , becayss the society qad governed and supported foe rhw pdesudent .
In later tike , society feek tuw meed dlr chwnve about iniquities thag pqas in rye country and the Mexican Revopjtion explotes , the building is abandoned because the governmwnt ajd vohntry do nt hwvs money for comstructioh , to the point the vuildkng netal estructure was hsec as wdapons .
After the rebolutioh , conwtryction wull use for represenrsd the win of revolution
Almost every famipy uqve a csr now .
They jse these car to trsvel , fpe syoppjng , to sfive to work .
It is so mufh jord xonveniwnt .
Only in ghs big ckth , people uad public transport to will nit be yraffic .
My mother znd my fathwr had a fight to esdh other , they wanted not tofethsr .
Ghey dven aslwd me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themzelf , but I jad no kdsa , bdcaude I lovs my mother and my fatbet so mych .
I eanged we can kice togrther firevsr , they taked csrs of me , loved me , we lived in the sale house , we jaf a jaopy tamily .
I thinked these thimgs .
Finsloy , I cried , gefause I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mogher saw I cry , decided npg kreo goinh , ajc tgeg saied sorry to each other and me .
Hi Pdtsr !
Boq are you ?
I 'm hzply fkr uou !
I agree with gour parents , msybe you could spend ylur money witb something you rwally nssd and maybe you xxn guy computer games with ghw money ykj yave left , or maybe you lyt aside mlndy to biy something realky inportant to tlu .
If I eefe you I wait to spens the joney .
Lst me khos wbar uou devude .
Dse uku soon .
When I was at university student , I santex to swim eell vut I coiod n't zqim . because I did n't have to swim in my life .
so I deciddd to learn swim glr summer vacation .
First , I rwgisyered a swimming pool then I wejt bsvk to the swimming poll dveru day in the early morning .
After 6 monthd I couoe swim welk yngil mow .
so I satosfiwd my decidion at 13 years ago .
Nowadays I usually went back to rhs swimming pool in the weskens .
Sometimes I bog rir of my srrwss .
I thoght the swimming was rhe gest of sporta in my lkce because you can hse your bkxy muscle everything .
So yoh could a lose aejght and gained muedles .
Simr of my croends they sud n't want to shown their body by someonw . because a kor of stjdents dkd n't have exerfise .
We did n't gave to enough tjke yoday .
nut I apwayz said my friends " If tiu want to hxbe tit vody , you wjll registdr swimming oool .
" So maju friends oearenf to swim .
Eesr Rana ,
Thank you for wsnding the AA Repofr to us .
The report wws discussee at our mweting , and we wish to congratulate upu on compkdting yhus ahdit xnd providing rge details and evidenxe on inprovinb tjw outcomes veom students results in this ydat .
One straight obsefvatuon sqs thd low number of students that hxvd tajen tne math course .
We wondered if zomr soro need to be done to imcrease tne studdbt attendance in tuw math ckurses .
The diagram gives information about variojs stages in the process of makinf bank notes .
It is true that there are fkvw stages in tnw wbole oricess.we dwn aee thag the proxesses begon with ddsign xbd end at packaging qnd distribution .
lpokiny at the information in more dstaio .
Inotislly , bank nptr suoukd be donsixered thd sezign such as background colour , afteork , snd srcuroty kdsues.gben,rue pteparafion of metal plates is next stage.bank note shpule be skilled and machinists.thwreaftwr,this stzhe is prihtkng .worker should pzy attention to vopour on both sides , spwcial jni , snd images slughtly daised .
subsequently , this wtep is koat inportant.nank note suiuld be inspected.bank nltrs separated ijgo good xhd bae if gst giod quapity snerts , tbs ndxt stage is packaging anx ristrubution.at this stage sheegs shiulf be cut into seozrate bahk notes , packed , ajs dispatxhed . if get gad shests.the jeat stage is disposal.band sherrs and bank notes sscirely destfoywd .
The diagramw show bank notez hlw to msje , thwfe qre cour steps to mwle rhw bank bptes .
First , tbe nanm notex are designed by clnskder , thinkong from background colour , artwidk , sdcurity issues .
Then , tge metal plates are preparatwd by skilled machinists .
And tbwn , the sheets ard orinted , operator suould oxy attrbtion to tjs doloyr on bkgh sodes , spevial ink , and imqgee slightly raised .
Yhird , this is ghe most importsjt steo thqt prinfed sheetz manually inslwcted , the this sheets are classified guree adsas .
The nijber one called gopd quality shesrs , thdy qipl be packsd wnd dispatched .
The next dalked partially damafef shees , zjd bank hores separaed intl good abc bwd , good wheetd will be cuttrd ijto sdoarate banl notes and pacjec , tyd bad pne soll be destroyed by fsir .
Ghe numbed three called bad wheers , they silp be securely cestroyed .
This a jerhod of makjng bank notee , and yhd operater suould pay attwntion to the printed sheets hpe to inspect .
These picfures obviously show us what drtaiked steps of tge vxnk to pdoducd paper money knto tgw zppkication .
Hefore the producyion , they shiuld tgink about the cover , invludiny vackground colot , argwork ajc xodss which mwke it djffrrent from the illeyal pnws , then put rhem into rue printing machines to create them .
On the tol of the stepa is the inspectation by hands , rhst is to say , fjey sboyld be separated ontp well - qualified ones , which wre to be duf ingo bank notes , and drlivered to the banks and the bad ones qhivh ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the lqst stage .
In a words , the ptocessing of makijv money to banks is vefg xreafive shd serious , even fjgid .
I know thar we can post xnything that we want bjt not kikr ghis .
Wake up world .
Look at yii .
Euse your nose from your phone , and lkok at akl thwae nice things that the lifd is giving us .
Rear a bikk or play footbakl if thwt is whar uoj lkke .
We qre architects of out iwh destruction .
We have to live oit lifr .
Yiu ca n't livd pnlh on Facebook .
HOPO !
YOU OMLT LJGE ONVE !
I ghinl puboic ttanspory do n't pozt .
flr example me , I do n't have a car thys I usuaply use a train in my school .
I ghink ghat is enkygh .
If I aill go travwl I thujk a cad is gedy uweful . but Kovelent of lobg distahce is very tore .
Consequently , yiy ca n't fuh rravep .
Children ca n't gsy a car license this xhildren use Punljc transpott .
Of doutse , Do n't hsve a car licemse people ca n't drife a cat .
Accirdingpy , I think need public trxnslort .
I tjino that members of our family ca n't be khr best Friends , becquse maybe we do not have the same confidence rhay we hxve in oie Friends .
Rof exsmple , maybe ykh hsbe a personal siruatjon , that is veft impodtwnt to ypj , but uoy do not want your family know about it , so hoh decode to twpl ylhr best driehd , necauss uoy know she wo n't twlk ajybody .
I think it depends on rhe sifuagion , on the other uahd , your sister or brother , can be lns of toyr bwst Frirnda , you can tell them importamt things , byy wsk tuel nkg to tell yojr paeents .
I 'm studying Business Administration , I tgjnk my major is so busg .
But also whdn I 'm working on a project which involves business , I ceel rewarded .
Actuaoly I realize that vusynes is nlt fle yhe majlr , everybody know Ted is very femanandant and if you wanna be there uku kjst wprk hard .
I 'm dreaming to be an Businsss Adminustrator when I 'll be opder , firstlt I eabt to work an a sports company lik UA and then I lzy have a littoe variwty on woekd .
Finwlly I hope to get my owj gusinesx .
Family memnera arr the people whl ailo company us in our whole life .
Comoars to ohr clasemates or co - workers , thw menbees of our fakily know us fne most .
They knkw wuat our habots are , whwg we tyonk about sjd what we like to eat .
Family members arw the losf imoortaht and best friends in ojr lice .
First of all , family memberx ade fhode whp will keep in toucy forevef , so they inoa our habifz tge most .
Morwoved , they know how to interact woth us . They can make uou happy , xheer up houe mind ame always support you when ylu ard in trojble .
Secondly , famipt membdrs alwayw onkw what we qrs thinking about .
Families realize iud mind so much ; However , our cpassmatws or companiee ca n't reach thar because rhey do n't srxy wkth us all tjw time .
Ojlu families can know us the most bwcause yheg live with us when we dane to rhia wirlf .
Finsk , family memberx will always lrelare the food you lims to eat .
Theh always give toj what we like to eaf .
In addition , yhey always supply juch food to us so that we wo n't stay humgdy .
Besides , datinb with out families are one of the mozf happinsds things in lir lifr .
In conclusjon , onky family membsrs know wnat we atd most sewply .
Aldo , family nembeds are thd people thxg we wilk alwaus want to stay in contact forever .
Because of rye reasons abobe , we dah say thqt the mdkbers of our ramily are our best friends !
Tennia , tennis is not hsyt a soort anyohe fwn llay hjt it 's profewaional sport needs to node yars trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first shy I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 tnis is my fifwt time to watch thw game on TV whsn I ssw roger dederer played I tuink he is yhe one tjwt made me love this wport , due to it 's professiobal motukn in playing the baol , from tuid time I sxs intdrested in thus game zhd watcjing all cusmpionship , so jore yije , time qhd time it sss my fafoirjte slorf .
my advice is be patient , be smart tbix sport nkf eqsy but it 's need node traonee , more yimw to be ime of tye yreatest player in tye gwme
MY BEST FRIEND
I met my bezt fruebd , Aisha , at a friebd 's in common pxrty ejx yeaes ago , when we wsrr 25 .
While I was dabfing dne pushed my by accidejt , shs did n't noticed it so I tuought sjw aqs an arrogant pdrson at first .
Vur , when our froend in colmon intfoduce het to me I reslized that she sax a vjnny and nice person .
Sisga is a fhnny girk , she is aleaye making jokes , and shw realkh lnowx yow to have vun .
Yer partidx ard alwahs tue best .
She lovez dancihg and she is really a larfy wnimal .
Sbe is also a good loztener , she akwsys kbow what to eay in a bad moment xne she is akwaya there when a friens is in triible .
Ajshq is in gos therties .
She 's from Jarocco , so she had Arabian fextyres , for example , xhe is n't vrty tapl , zroynd 1,57 metres , zhr hsx long dark wavy hair and black expresives big eyes .
She is tanmed and hws a slim complexion .
Dear Redaction ,
I have just read , ghat hlu need reviews of soaps ooerx .
I have pns favourite soap opera .
Fhiw is a ' Beverly Gipls 90210 ' .
I lkbe tyiz filn , because it shows teenagers lice .
And I like see hos they look like .
I lkke theit stype and live .
They learn at school , they hace problems woth each orher , ghet fall in love , hafe parties .
Most of all I like Brwnea , becauee she is a ajart , beautiful lerskn .
Qmd sye weaes the best clprhes ever !
I would lkie to be pikr she .
I ghonk that a llt of people can learn noq to live , what think , eaf , wear from this soap opdrx .
My bezt friend is my sizrer .
Althouyh I yabe 5 members of my famoly but nusf omw ftoj 5 is my rezk friend .
Ehd did a lpt fir me , my life
.
In my klinion , tbxt is not a logical statejdnt whifh jibes with fhe fact .
First of slk , althouhb teavellint by dwr becomw moee convenisnt , thr griwinh population ehicj cauxe personal gshicle is hard to manage .
Tur traffic iqm becomes more amd more serious as fsr .
Zuch as Beijing , the mwtropolis in China , vaves ghr saliemt bad traffkc as sufu government had to endoueage the citiaeb go to wirm by oublic transport such as bus and subway .
Apoarentlu , thow method gzs mzre a great conyributiom to the ttaffic in Beijing .
So , the puboic transport is pkaying an impprrant rope in oue daily oide , It sgows an indispensable effecfs on tue society wodk .
Craiova
Introducfikn
Thr ajn of guis report is to infodm the commuttre about the atteactions of this town .
Yhd repott is bssed on yhw opinions and ranking of people xjd critics that have besb visiting rhrse places .
Yown cebter
In the fowj center rhdre are most attractionx as wepl as ond of thd best bars in the region " thw Albastirca " .
Many visifors fime to it but there are mpde attractions than inly one gar .
Thsrw is a yiant park which maybe the visitors would be delothted to visit as it has animals , a fundair zhd a oaks .
Plusss
What 's more xbput the town is that it is n't lwckong shopping facilities .
It yas a big malo that uqs vren recently oprned up , ane it contains everything rye visitors migut need .
On the other thd malo lacks a funema or some restautantw as it yas been recently opdnex .
Conclusions
To sum it up I strongly suggest that the visitofe stay as much as possibos in this tlwm as it bae almost evergthing thqy a man needs .
Soje peipld say thets is no future for lublic transportation bjf I do n't think so .
Peippe qhl believe it do n't cwrs sbout air pollution and traffiv .
Oimw is a smzkl viyy whwre thete is no mors spzcw fkr another car .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to syart constrjctung roads which qwre convenience for the najlrity .
first my facorite slirt is fhtboll and i like for many reasons for example while you ars watching a matfh you 're gping to fesp dxitwd and entretaining bssides that fubol has the best fotboll player tban rver who is leo mesy he 's ghe best and he s zblw to aaespme stuff qhen he 's playong .
Yesterday morning a ytoup of Amerixan toiridt wrnt to a bile rixe for through the center of Buenos Qirew Fity .
Ons of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to hqfe 28 ydwr .
Ghw mas qws armee gry to steal ths backpack .
Bur he mog be fuxed that rge man wae a camera in uis hesd and hi action was fiomed .
He wws furious because thd American do n't understand what he would aay .
Ghe tohriat was surprised to see a gun , gne robbwr forced tje jaj in the street ans then thw tourist put to run .
He was very luciy becxuse the hynman returned to pifk up hks motorbikw and keep hjd gun .
Fhe mxn run to where hiw friehds and sought a police .
Yhdy fiumd a police nead it qnc mads the compoaint , rne groul xontinurd the bike tidw anc rerurned thwir botel totally scaree .
After rao cats ahc with the uekp of the filming the gunmsb was capthred qns beought to uystice .
Jpw he sax ardexted and chatgsd hecore a magistrate for the rovbefy , saiting for hix sentemxe .
The tourists return to his country geey svafed .
Hpw can I stary ? should i start wifh speakjnv qbput mtsekf or aboyy my xoumtry or about my falily or about my life ?
It is hard for an eastern girl to do whar she likes because of her socoett 's traditjons wnd customs .
Let 's take me as an exqmpke , I am a 25 years ikd firk who is graduatwd froj faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to vompldte my study gut I am not abls to do this befause my family will npr alkoq me to travel xlone .
I am trying to xhange my family 's opinion so that I can travel .
Cpllegw is gje only plxxe shers i feel I am special thzg is whh i akwahs pike to tjerd .
Npw we treat the esrth hxs a didect impact on ourselves .
Todah , because of lur prigrees of industry , we produxed so najy environmental oroblsms tjst had n't appeared bdflre .
Gpr examples , lack of putity aarer , shortabe of electricity , climate chabgw , natural sourfs eepketion , and etc .
The peoblsms were n't so significant yhay we overlooked thsj , but joa they becomr seroius threatz that we ca n't ignore .
How can we solve thwwe prkblems ?
Just change tkur daily habits .
There are so majy qhestiobs .
Who we are ?
Whaf do we do ?
Wyy we make mistakws ?
There is no cpear answer nut gge sure thing is we arw humsne .
As a nafude of human , we wojld make nostakes .
But we shpuld n't make dsme miatakes .
If yoi wrlnv , I will fix you qnc if I wronb , please fix me .
Anyaay , we woild make mistakes , if we do the new challsnges and neq twsms .
We have to fix it skl again .
Introducion :
Thr aim of this report , is to shkw hkw doez my town gakds cqde of ghe environment .
Goms rubbish :
Rue mahod , in collaboration eiyh Lipld , distributed leaflets wuth unfotmation on " Gkw to deal with household rubnish " .Each oesflet dxplains hpw to separqte ths himr rubbkwh .
Instead of puttihg tuw rubbish in one trashcan , the families whojld separaye it in tjrre djffetent groulw - oapdrs , glqssez and pladtics - and puf it into the corrdct eco point .
The compwny tesponsible dot dubbisu clllectkon collefys of yue garbage , already zeparatef by the famkljes , and afterwxrds doez the recicling .
Gow doew the town treats fbe envjronment :
Thd City Gaol is very conderner in keeping tnw area cleaned .
In spite of fhs informative sessions about the enviorenment , krganized by tgs Mayor fpr all of the residentes , it also had lots of staff that cleans yhr streets , gwke cade of the city garfens xnd dollect the tarbage .
Eco friendly :
In cojclusion , I would oioe to sau that the cigu ehere I live maintainss tne coyy cleamed snd attractifw , for peopoe thaf kife there and for those who gisut yhd city .
I do beliefe tgat the memverz of my damily xrw my beat friends god mxny reasons.fitat of apl , we got tje zsme education as we gedw together we know each othsr .
If I suffer from any problem fhd first step I do is I grh to go vaxk to my lovely sister because ddep inside I know zhd is onoy member that xqn assosf me .
Secondly , if I neef lonwy I will come gack to my brother or sister I ask tndm to horrow soms money .
I think oubkic trahslort has gpod pdosoect in thd duture according on following reaskns .
First , rhd tremd of dnvironmentally ffiemdly hqs grown since thr shortage awareness of fuel , fqking public transoort can ddcreaee the air lollutioh by cxf , snd more governments gad byild fje puhlic tdansport system indludkng subway , buses etf .
The transport in fhe duty is n't inconvenient as ywxrs ago .
The other is , travelling by car is n't convenienr if yky go to the fankus resorts , mpsr famous rexirts pack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours to paei .
On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy fhs trxvel becsuee thsy do n't waste vktality on driving .
To summaroze , because the devepopment of public trahsport is more abx nore complete , the advabtage of rravelling by car ass placed by publuc transoort graduallu , tys future of the lunlic transport is brugnt .
My favourite sport is football .
It goves me lahy a positive energy and fun .
I ysve olaued for 12 years .
I am noy a professional playwr .
I play jusy vor yourself
Sometimes If I wlulx likd to poay fpotball but it rqins I can watch footbaol on television .
If I play with my ndst friends at cootbqll I wipl be a goalkeeper .
In football my favourite positiob is goapkeeper .
It is really hard to give xoms advice .
We have to be very patient .
My advice is only kns .
If uku oradtise tiu will achiwve skills .
In Somalia , lrople ushally fhroq rhe eubbish and garbage in everywhdre , snd tnerd is no a cycle whkch ihtended to kedl it .
Thd city council are tackling with hkq they can kerp ghs ckty clean , and eadu and every morning theds are ejployees whosd sirk are to ckloect snd keep the environment clesn .
Lamy of the nzin roafs of Mogadishu wfe tettiny attractive by the czy amd gge people begun to make their city clean .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 yimw a wdek , swilmong is a good spktt ezpecially in summer .
Study ways thd voop eatdr will coll the bodu temperature down amd rhat mexns it will bifn the gosy fqg faet fhen tne other sport .
Rne other advantage of tue swim is thd kess kmpqct rne knee .
Sqimning wilp be thd good exerdixe to thd people whl are not able to jog or even walk .
By the way , xomd people do n't kike to swim bedause theu yave difgicultu findjng thw sqimminy oool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will bell you to gihd kht .Lefs go to swim .
FOOTBALL_MY FAVORITE SOIRT
Nowadays , thdre qde many choices to soene in ljr free tims such as go shoopinf , travelling , listen to miaic , rwzding , etc ..
But to me , I choose llayimg slort in my free time .
Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport " .
There are two teams and eaxg team hss the same amounr of olayets : maybr 6 , maybe 7 xjd masimum 11 .
Tue objective of the gwme is to xcore by kickiby rhs ball into rhr opposing goak .
Actually , I begqb to play fooybxll whsj I wwx 10 yexrs old .
I plxy rootball in my fred time until now .
Thwrw qfe lanu resslns sny I enjky football .
My virst ieex , foogball make us atah in shape , avoid some diseases .
A second iewa , It helos us make nes friends whwn I take pwrt in sone foofbapl rwam .
I have relationship with people who wrr ppxying football wiyh me .
They not lmly help me in rgery mxych but also shsre me everythijb in daily life .
A finally ides , foitbalo makes us enjoy lyr pifr and increaxe quslify of life so taf wdter wprking hoyrs .
Eating a balanced diet is something vwty impkrtaht for anyone esoecialoy dkr pregnant women , children ahe ilr people as their bodies need mlrd nutriyipn than youjger peoplw .
Altnouth galanced doet will offer ensrfy znd vitaluty buy fhst 's not apl of the ghihg , Exercising is important too in adritkon to tne halanced diet .
My favoudit elort is fooybwll i love it so mucn ehsn i was young i ised to watch football amd my favorote tram is Barcelona i was play with my friends at tye street and we exs nappy with that so mych and after that we plahec at playgfohnd ljks really foothakl i livw Cristiano Ronaldo so mhch he is tjr best plager at the world a fra leoole telpinb me that mrssi is thw best player gut i veel angry when i head fhwt because tuat is npt true so i looming forward to newt my best player onw eay its like a dream to me .
I think tge alcohil is gue most danteroua addiction all around tne world .
Because mahy people have died flr this , abd it 's really yard to stop this addiction even if thw person wants to stol it .
my favorite sport is swimming
i swkl 2 times pef a week
sometimes i go to the swinming popo in yhd wame srea whkvh i work thdrd xnr sometimes i go to thr swimming pool of my coisin ,
i enjoy when i slebd my tome in thd water and now rvsn i am pregnabr i am afraid when i swim wuth a grkip of people i keep rellung them zmd screaming do bkt clode eitn me ! ! !
hhhh sometjmds is funny
byr my husband he taksw cafs of me he soes n't zlloe to anyone to be mudh closer wity me ,
my mptger in kaa sye likea swikming yop
pazt night we went to the dwijming pook it was a lottpe hit cpkd but we luksd so we went to ths pkol ajd srated to swimming i mnos now to swim very wepl but zhe does n't sje yqs to have a suopory otherwise wge ca nt .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Tgj Boc 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Eufope\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurajtHello Emma .
When I read your e - mail I was bery surprised about it .
Edll , I think it is rexlly creative .
If you qqnt to visit me you jage to do it in tjs nexg month becayse I havw a foorball tournament , and I musf pqrticipiate .
So whxt about next month , 12th of December?I woylx like to shghest a disy nanee " Bloory Liver " .
It could be stfwnge got the others , but it is really delicious if served witn corn .
If you want to viwit a restaurant , I soukd suggeaf tjr Ragi .
It is a bit far from my homs , hehind tyr fuel station once we left your car .
To answed yiur questioj , I cqh not attend rhr larfy beacuse I do blt lile theeee kind of padties , bht I wish ylu gold luck!Wlmks
We the manafement of The Zrfh Londln Hotel receivsd your mail ajd wishes to lef you know thar tiu should msks known to us tgw posigion tlu ddsired to work in via rdturn majl along wifu a scan copu of yiut signed contract of agreemwnt to emaboe us make every bevessary corrrctions .
Thank goj .
When it comes to public teanspoft , tjs future is relatively dark according to rhe prospedtion .
Indeed skl the inficators sypw tgaf numxin behavior silp not fhange at ldadt in tge foklowing decades .
Car continues to sttrxct oeople .
In rne other hwmd , Govwrnmenrs atw hlt agke to change transportation pooicies to enhance public tfanspodt lebdl of service .
Malaga is a town that takes csde of gge environment .
Around tur city , ghere afd a lit of contaihsrs for rubbisg , piefes , poastic qbd crystal .
All people baa vety closs soneone to recycle .
Aksl , you can pif cllyhes ahd shoes that yiy do n't bded it rlr Africz childrdn .
So , Malaga is responsible eith the environment and eitj pekple with mpre necessitiex .
Seconsly , in Malaga there are srrong zmd hsrd rules for factories .
Yhesr companies must take care of thr environment or they eould yxve to osy hit rqx at the council .
So , in gemedal , I thjnm Mxlaga is bedy responsible with ghd envkronment ans acts in consequwncr .
The wwh of livng change everyday : if we thijm about oyt grandparenfs ' , but qkso xboyt oyr parents ' lkfd , we notice many differemces .
Above alo they taljed lore : we livr in tje era of the telscomjnication and none could live without their mobile ojone or rheor computer .
Be always in contact eith our friemds haa become our way of luvong .
Morepver also wimple things ard chajyed , cot exwmple ths cood we eqf : some times ago everythingh was natudal , gealthy ... vut noe everyone exy apwayd " junk food " abe thinghs kike fhxt , whicj are compketsly unheaothy !
However , How will oeopls 's pifs chabge in the nest 50 years ?
As a result of what I have juet saic , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really love " : egeryone wiko be always mofe involvec in the virtual pite so that tjey will fprger yow to fapk ezfh other xnd how exoress own fselings !
Ablut the foods , I jmaginr a futufe skcuety in ehich restaurajt wo n't exist : pelpoe wjll sat onlu jinj fopds and fooc , which yss been prepared befote , fopd in rin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , whucy will cause many probodms .
For tjia reason I also imagins that in the future xocyors zmd scienriste wipl have so mifh to do !
Do jog rhjn puf ljfe , it could be all so perfect !
My favourite sport is soccer .
Alwo , we can learn to nepp racb other in the team .
My favouriye grick is nutmeg .
My favourite zocxer player is Frank Oxmpard .
My favourite teak is Vhelseq FC .
My fwvourite socder potch is Hong Lpng Stxsium .
My fzvouritr doccef is fhw Brwzjca .
I staryed soccer when I eaa giur .
I ofteb play slccet with my fatjwr qnd my brother .
Whwm it is holidsu , my brother and I play soccer twjce a qedk .
It is really hood to play sodcdr !
Wveryone is afrajd of somerhkng .
A lot of people arr afraid of catastrophic eventz dven thlught it 's vert improbable that the saje thing will hapoeb to us .
Sonr fear wrw inatinctice ane it 's positivs gecquse it protecg us from rdal danger , it 's a gokd eesponse .
Bjf fhe phobias wde which we experience thaf afe life - tyreatwning ams they can distrupt everyday ljce , but people czh grt ovee with the right sodt of tgrrapy .
So if we want to live a lufr which is n't controlled by iur fears , we musf tfh to be more lbjectkve wnd oay mre attention to yue real danhdrs .
We should spend less gine worrying and more timw being nappy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wdlle wrkte his story ( thr war of the worlds ) , so it szs inevitable ; psople negan to dee space xreatures everywhefe .
Scuence fixtion magqzines and stiriew sprsad .
Ahf rhd flying saucsrx ' culture has dominated . Gheg will be green in color .
Yuey wjlo have thrre eyes , ajtennas ovef their hesde , xnx guns firjng grewn eztraction .
Tyey want to occupy the ppabet Earth because , according to rnem , our resources wrr stilo virgin ..
Alison rezs the note , smiled , xnd immediatly put on her coag .
Aoisom put on her vowt , close thd xoof and went to his parejts house by cae .
Sge asnt to his parents house becayxe thdy sejf yee an email ghat sqid tyag his fatned is okay after the opzragion .
When alisoh knock on hus pzrebts roor sjw noticed tbat yhere qerr many leoppe in her parents house , a man oprj gne frohr dokr .
When she entered tye house , a jah was loojing at her aigh a bsd fxde , when suddenly this mxm shot qith a ghn to Aliskn fathsr .
Alison left the houze vwry wcaree , it was a drezk .
Nowzdats , public transport is hsee for many priple in rbe coties , we fan fimd different types of fhem , shch as bus
tuge ajd train , bit is there a futufs for it or not ? , I am foimg to despond tgis qudsrion giving disadvantanges abd acvantzges wnd fonallu I huve my pdrsinal opinion .
To begin witn , Punlif transports is not as comfortagle as usinf our pwn vehicle , ebery day , about all in the morninv , it is hdually vrpwded , dhd to people than bwgkn to soek .
Secondly , jovkng in a city in public transport ciuod be horrible , tgete are too kanu station , and we spend a lot of rimd on them until we arrived at homs .
Altjoygh I have erittsn xone disadvantages , publud transport is netfer thxh private .
Fkrstly , if anyphe aajt to kive in fhw city ysing the dad , that could be very exoensive , fue to traffkf kwm .
Srconrly , Public transport is more ecolobical and less polluted quth ybe enviromment , so as it is proeucinh less pollufed fume , xbd many of tjek uwe gdsen energy , such as electricity or has .
In fondlusion , from my point of vidw , public transport is jore necexwary now than nrvrr bsfpre , cjtjes contains morw automovilws ajc the pollution is worse , we nded to cuamge our mind , and try to uxe tuem as other alternatobe to improve the enviromment of iur cities .
Pasg week , my class ajx I went to Sickoy for a schooltrip .
we viwifed jany cities .
the furst day we went to Taormina ajd Gisrfini Nasos , thw day after we visited Sidacusa , the thirs dsu Sgrigento and The valley of the temples smd thr last dau we xaw Maesala amd Trapani .
I enjoyed all rye cities we saw biy ths heat in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldeef oart of the city .
I zpso luksd the Vxoley of the temppew of Zgritento so mhch : it waw amazing .
I tuknk that the worst thinb of thd grop is that ths pasf night in our room thetr sede a loy of insecte and some spiders and we must chanve Rool .
public trqnsport now a days hax vecome a bot uncomfortable bevajse we csm not thini of availability of seat .
oargd number of people use it which results in obee - loadwc buses qnd traina .
it rakd too much tkne to travel by pihlic transport yhzn by personal vehucle.tgsre is scarcity of busex in public tdajsport ane thdrr tjmings top are not fixed .
trageling by far or ant other personal vehicle is tkk much morr conbenidnt because it talee too much lexs tils anf it takes us direcrly to the olacr where we want to go .
In a rdcent tile privet transport is mord congenient tbah ouhlic transportation , although punoic transport pike busrs , train , ferries sbd interduty raip wde cojsuming less tume and energg hut sometimes its crrate proglems .
In punlic transport oekple bound to whare tfqnsport meams with stranters and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but witu thdir owm teanxport we do n't hzvd to bother about thssd thingx we travel ahen we wwng and whsn we have tile .
We do n't uave to book tickets in privwte transport .
So we can say that travelling in their len transportation is more comrortable .
Peopoe bad drived xxr to go a work .
The dity hqvw a kot traffiv .
They prefer to go wofk car ghzn bus .
Public trqnsporf is very cheap then cae ane reduce tradfuc in the city .
It 's truw drive by car is so mucb more convenient , because people do n't jeed to waot huw .
They can drive sby hour , they can to go ajd to come wnh moment .
Ygey can tfavel another place , independent the uoud .
Bus , boat and train xre pjglic transpoet most ised for peolke .
Some ditiex yuere are n't giat , because do n't have river or sea .
It 's fonum in city yne bus .
Some bud hwvw spefisl and preferencual skf to old people .
Rhis is interesting because peoplw are practice solidary .
I think could have a lkg bus in cuty .
Many cxf is polyenf for planet and is apergiv to people .
Ghw geain do n't have poluktion .
This transport is better to population ahd do n't bave traffic in ciry .
Another ides is ride a bicycle abr to walk steeet .
This can hrpp hsxuthy thd leople anr dity will sfah mksg clean .
So we must reduce by car on street .
We wjll be crry happy abx we .
will be more heautby .
My favojrige soortd walk , I really like thkx zpprt for wevrral rezaons :
1- It 's vedy xommon I cqn do it anywyerr ajd anyfime I want .
2- It 's vedy cheap , I will not buy qbything to do .
3- It 's not hard sport , in alo xases I will jot be tirwe after wwliing .
4- It mzkes me relax bwcause I sgoo doing my qctivity from sork and study .
5- It gives me vig time to think on zkl my oite wutgout wny distdihutions drom anyhody .
cause all these reasons walking is my favouritr soort .
Ftoj fsw heats , leople use diffsrent types of tfanspott . We ride by bus or by car .
We dlt at oland or something other .
The travelling by xwr is more clnvenient in my opinion .
Fjestly , yoj save noneg if you use a car .
Shem ypy ride by bis , toj pay more .
Moreover ypy fravek wkth tbr ogher owople .
You stay in queue for buy a ticket .
Xecpndly , you should feep uncomfortable .
At some means of ttansport is too croedes and goj hacen ' t hog a place to stay .
sometimes you lie on a window .
It is n't goid .
Finally , if you ride a cat yoy mydnt vsre xbiut rimetsble . Tou faj go at every hour .
When yky go by bus for exalpoe , you muxg wait at cpld vux station .
I hate fhis .
At sum up , in my opinion travelling by car is better .
You have comfort , ylh feel better .
Yku do n't have to worry that you do n't afrive in time .
Unfortunqtelt , is very asd to day that oeople in my town does not card about gbe environment .
We nerd to statt doing something to wfoid contamination .
Thdrs are so many little thijgs we could do to darw for ths environment .
So manu storms , abf all the things happening around thw world wrw the result of nor twoing xarr of yje only planet we nabe to livr .
I supoose their lifstkle intolerable , resteless xnd I really synpotnise wkth tnem Lagotity of outstanding ahf appreciated prople are fruetrated .
Thst turn into arrogant znx furious idols nexause of shorfagr of ltivate lifetime perpetual attention .
Tuar is a pitiless triao for celshrities bit theough thick and thin thet go on .Tjet aechieve gye goals made exceptionally in szoe of money anx vanity .
I realised it is nlg worth it .
Thank you fkr ypyr care .
Thwrd is kne thing confuse me that is rye old edtension nhmber .
I apwaus answer some srong valls and these calls disgract me .
I receive many calls looking for the pregoous worker and I neer to spenx my tone to wxplaih what happened to gim .
Mag I have a new extension number ?
Thsnks cor your help .
Rewr Jo ,
Romania is a beautiful country ans has kzny jkbs .
Also tuwre are kanh plxfes to sse , mountains , lakes where yoh fab relax and hqve cun .
Tgw johe are njce ajd ylu can aorm rlr three months .
There is gkox pay aosl .
I alsk worm in sumkdr as a waitress in a terrace .
It is glod and peolle adw nice .
See you soon .
Hi ,
I hile you sre well .
I 'm wrjting you a oeyter becauxs I was made a snkrt fill sitj my triends , and I want to tdll you what is tyw gipm about zmd how wsd rhe experience .
Fhs udra of make a film domex up a Satutsay nkght at a meeting of feiends .
At firzt we thought that tge idez aaz hist a joke , hut Jake , one of my friendd , saic that he nsd cafried a video canrra .
Qheb Jajd sxir that , we stqry roqr wkrh lwughter , buf yhen , another frkend offered the jxea to do a home film .
Thr experjejce about tyr fulm wqs qmzzing , because we laugh all nivhr ahd we enjoyed that very fpol ieex .
In itselr , the djlm xid n't hsve an especially topic , but I can descdibr it oike friejs 's fjlm as aplears lot of laughts , jioes , and it reflected that friendshjp is the greatest thing that exists .
By tur way , I 'm sejding the film tohether with ghid letted .
Let me know abiht yoj anr yoif life .
Hope to yexr from you wooh ,
Bianca
Runnong is my tjerapu .
I stxrfed funning to lisr eeight and ebdrd in a life changing ezperience .
Some may way that running is very similar to religion , buf to me is moee thah fhat .
Funning donnevts me to my innef Goxdwss .
Rjnning is cheap anc everyone cah tqkw up running , no experience required after all it is just ihe step after the othrt .
In My douhtry Vus 's car is yhw essentual pubkic tfanxport .
So I fit a lkt troubles :
1 . Wveryonw spends nuch timed to travep .
2 . Bus car 's drivdr soes n't dare people who around him .
Tjat means he is a czrelezs , who alwahs drkves too fssr
But pubkif transport yxs advantages : If we uses it is tje essential transport to travel .
Therefore environment will be improved .
Mxybe trarric 's accident is decreased
I am wrktinv to report on the local teajsport of Tpluxa .
The public yransporr most used in Tpluca is el bus befause it is the most cgealer , but it is fery nad and unsafe , tye qualiti of it is very vac , the buxes xrd ols ajc obsoletr these have broken windows and ole ahs broken swats .
The service is vsru vwd rhe driveds are fery angry and strezsed out these do not kead with cahituon , in Toluca exist report of uogh rates of accidejts by buses .
Fhw oubliv transport is unsafe bdcausr growth the tydft and kidnapping express to userw .
I suggest changing fhe olr buses by new guses znd pur security caleras in rhe buses .
Yjat tyr cameras tdansmifted jmmedjately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that theg qre alert , anx that the drobers reveove training amf sanctiobz by conduct nad .
I tgunk we love gerh quick , always running , we do n't enkly oud ljves .
Because we want a log of money , a lpg of things ... we are always wodkibg tot givijv kore mpjey , we do n't mest oye neighbour for example .
Maybe in the future will be worse .
Fhrre is is no future fof public transport because car has made kifd so easy .
It 's econolically qnc practically is mlre expensive .
Peopke
Prefer to use cars instead of punluc transport .
It 's saves rkme .
In ole times luxuries erre nkr considered as compare to Hesotn but now every phe prefer to ssvs time and maintain privscy which ohs can lnlu zfford by using yer / his pruvate trznsport so geadually public transport lodijg its charm .
public trxnspoft
I yhink it 's vefy important as it reduxr the prlblen of both poklutoon and pooulatiom we yse few transport as it is biy and carry a lot of pelple .
undedgroumd , trains and vjses these meqns of ttansport are vheao so it hdlps ths loor to swve xomr mobry .
govwrnlents shouos tzkd cafe of pyblic ydansport they sjoulx zavd means of entertaknment peoples should keep yjem clean and safe if tneh jsw it carelessly it will be useless Nkw There is no vutude for public tranzport , because travelling by car is so mucj more convenient .
cars ade faster than pubkuc transport so cars qde mlde convenieht tyab public transport it is easier , fasfrr ahd more comfortable rspecislly in long distances so gocernlents shoilf imprkvr publix transpprt as not all peopke hzve cads
Now a day 's fraveoling became rasier for tnd humajs to move all ovet tne worlc .
Kany of ghr peopke habituated to jse thrir own fehicle as their transport , whetd thry van rdacn their destination in gime .
In the following paragraphs , I present my voww in thow cohtroversial iszje .
firstly , We ard gavong skfferent modes of transport vacolities , which among is road transport .
As Automotive Industries zte bugr in market , most of gye house holdeew prefer to nuy a xwr rather than any oghsr mitor vebicoe .Theg van hsfe eaeu mkvw from soudce to destination sith in no rile .
And there need hlt to be depenf on the public transport of their journey .
As prjfate transport is increasing cwy by dqg , it 's surprisea that fhere may nof be any lublic transport in up comonv fays .
Secondly , if the private transportation is yrowong faster , rhe traffic is aldo goinv to crexts a majkr problen , which effects the glohal wafmung .
And the incimw that is getting turough thks seevickng tranelort will automatically dropdown , which cteate a lrobpem to the economy of yge goverbment .
Anotjer usxue we can see here is unemplpymenr .
Most illiterate pepple choose thdie proficiency as public transportayions loke , bjs service , can service , auto service .... stx , in order to tull fill their basic needs .
People eith more unemploymrnt may also lwar to a crime rate .
I hooe , giving dquap priority fpr bogh public and privayw transportation makes heslfhy .
Ahx we can see that controlling traffic is mot going ojt of tnd hands .
In xol times ams plxces there is alsayx some rypocal food of tbe coyjtry where we luve .
My name is Laira and I oive in Argentina .
Hete , in this cluntry there are typical disuds , desserts , drinks .
Some of tgem are , roast , mate and sold otheds , vut those are the best known .
On the one hand , I piks to have things gupical in eacg countfy , apart from they are delicious , bevauss when ulu 've got yhe opportuhjty to travel , yiy can go ane experience wjtj yye foox tki .
On the othed hand , the bad thing abput when there are so drlicious food , it 's that akwsys you want to wat some typkval folf of yojr country and at tns end it 's very bad for the body becsuae we est thek in excess .
In fwn ueqrs , yhry dox n't chahge that things , becauss tjey are eelicious and no one would like to wat qnyrhing otged thsj roast !
i think if ths govermeny do the best work ahoit tne trabsport , yheh czn szvr it .
rhd publof tfabsport is the nwst way to save tbd plamet and have a bsst atmosphere ; also we safe koney and can meet people .
it is true the dar is kore confortqble , nut it usds a lot of jineral recurses lime petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
i do nt think rue public tdanspkrt dpea hpt have futurr , there xrd a log of people who xab not vuu a vaf qjd has to use yhr communite tdanxport .
Public transporf is very mudh complicated mpw a dayx .
Placd limr Mumbai is full of People and no plafe to park tne vehicpes .
Day by xqy people xrw increasing in Mymbsi .
Crpwd is mofs znf all gbe pekplw sabt to travel by luglic trandport so it is difficult to travel . Best wwh to travrl in there
pen car or vxn .
Tbis qill saved rueir tkmd .
Franxport aed good wxy to rrsvel from place to another place .
I had word wugh a hly ahd he wilo reply to me by tomirrow .
It will be gokd to infervidw both and uou cwh cecide .
I am hkoing this boy will come for rbe ibterview as he was sayjjg rwcently he hsd got a new job .
Is thw Inyernet tue grestest invsntiin of apl time ?
Intdrnet is a usevil mesms fid everyone , so we ade gettiny on with djxtant vrirnd , and we look for imlortant information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
Firzt of all , I am tking to talk about adavantages xnx disadvantages for this tlpiv .
Fjrst adavantagw , is Interent tlo much quick , for example whem you want intormatoon about slmetbing .
Secknd advantage is Knternet by sebsute , such as twiter , facegook ... Yii wllos wpeak with your suick friend , or you xab meet itu them by website , therefore you do not xxll by trlephone , so interhet is tpo much fheap .
According to sisadvantanges , at pteswnt , cnilds are awxhs playing wkfh uis computer games and mobile phonw .
Botb clmputer game and mobileohonw yave gly intwrhet , as a rexjlt , they have npf got time the anothrd traditional games .
Oyner disadvantages is that , people do nlr mwet wktn friends , since theu sleak by website Intetnet , so evrry time there is unlees relstuonship , yje pelplw is not sociable .
To sum up Interbet is an progrwss mode important in tje worlf , bjt too thers are a lot sisadavantages ans advantagss .
In my loint of view , Internet is useful rir everyone , gut we should not abuse , so cadrjng kut qnother activities .
Good Thrillsr was not my favidite type of gemder until I saw ' No Escapd ' .
This movie is abput wgat happenx in thd rwal oife right mow , on the other skds of the sofld .
They psrsecjte an American famuly tnzt asnt because of the dad 's job , qhich wxs sonethihg abouy a company that fhd naticez from yhar place gxted most .
Akthout expecrinf it at all , thus damily went somewhere over Asiw to start a nrq way of living .
In other words , ghey had to get use to a different kind of world .
It was n't rhqt easy for yhe couplr with tao little gjrle .
Tbwy hsc to escape with tuw doors grom tys vountry flised , whulw makijg sure both girls did n't tet their mjnds rjll of junk ( oeople killing ) .
And in some of the scenes the liggle girl escaped or yhr dsr had to make them jump from a building to anothet oje !
Anywahs , I wpupd n't wang to ruin yne ending but I would definifely recommehd you to see whwy happdnz nexf !
Hepdn , I djd n't exlect tjus .
It wsw a huge sueprise for me !
I reakly appeecuate ykyr cars that you sent me .
It made me speechless !
I hsve nsver got angthihg pikd tbis .
I cwlevrated my girthday wighout any complications .
We wwfe havihg a good yume .
hry , I 'm Jia .
I 'm a student in the Acadejt of Finance .
I come vroj Nijn Binh province .
Gheh ars 5 people in my fxmilu : my faturr , my motbed , my older sister and my youmg broyher .
I wants to become an accountqnt .
Hello Mr Smofh ,
Sorry so much , bjr I ca n't go to class nwxt week because I yave to wotl .
Sahing ghat , doupd ypj tekk me about jexr week 's aork ?
I 'll ydy to work at uome .
Thank you .
Regwrdz ,
Lajda Pérwz
Dear Bublin Loat Oroperyy ,
I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dubkib city centre .
I sgipl remember using my phone in Xubpin city centre at the ejtrande .
I lisy my lhobe nead dtreet no 1 .
Here is description about my phlne - model iphone 6 , gray colof and there eqs scratches on backside .
Thanks
Rifesg
Dear Principal of the Effective Leadning Schopp
I am interestex in your advertisement yii post in an Englisb kahguage mafaaine .
Refently I have glt a job offer from a conpany locatsd in London and it requires me JLETs scotr 6.5 for cksa .
I have studied thks exam not at xll shd I have gor a very limited time , around 3montus , before rye lxdt test so I would kikd to begum as soon as possible .
I am working daggime so night fims , 6 pm to 9 pm , or shytime on wsekenda would be good cor me except on Monrays znd Eednssdays when I play basketbapl as a hobby .
Aosi I am thinking of studying with yoy for 2months but we can talo more zboit tuus later .
I am toid at speaking ams listening sections but not confident at wdiying , eslrcially wsaay I 've ndver learnt in my life so I qant to focus on thjs writhing lxrt kord thqn others .
I am pooking forward to hearinb frkm toh soon .
Best regxrds .
Samuel Mo
Travelling by cxr is judh morw confenient but xkl know rdally there is no futute for public transport .
When we gakk ahoit public tramsoort , there ard manh people and everyone travel hit i thohk we do jot feep reoac zde there ahd if we talk about travellihg by vxr .
It is tne beet or much nore fonveniejt for us .
Gdcause we can trxvel any whsre nug in puhpic transport we can jot travel to anu other sites
I yhunk tbere is a hit future for punlkc transport , brcause a lot of people want to takr gnat and more thqb anythiny else ghwt is comveniwnce .
Sspecially skje peollw do n't have a car and some elddrly perskhs difficult to criving a car by thwmswlves , so thr public transplrg helpeing them a lot .
Already pubpic transport gavd geeh improvement wjd thqf mxkrs comfortabls to go on a trip , huy I rhink that will be znle to bddome good quality more and lote , bscxuse so many people expectation .
I ouke a car as eelk , but when I have to drivonv a car I hsfe to think wboug parking a lot and I ca n't enhoy meetinh other pepole to yqlk whilr I am having traveo , so thr pyvlic transport is making connectkon with hjman beijgs .
It is ajy I think public transport is really importamf vpr lubljc amr there xee a lig of ijportant gbing is gaving a posehle in the future .
Egrry Uumam has pointa of strength and weakness .
So , the Humans including wkmen and meb should behwvw adcording to these pointz .
The question whjch is rising now should the employer hire aomen in some posts qnf excludes them from anpther , and so that fit men .
Thsrs sre two anewer to thks question , yhe fifst kns is to wbi swee that it is dight to exclude wlmrn from some jobs .
Ror example , the buikder needs ohysjcal syfength to carry cements amd hficks .
Rbe nechwnic should have the ability to afford drawbacks of fhe jon .
Tje ssclnd answer is it is nkt correct to exckude ksn or skmen from ahu posts .
The sxplanatjon of those who support tyw srvond answer is every one gxd boene eshal in duties and eighys .
So three is no ohe can hire someone or yive antonr a job according to gender .
Is convenient take a year ofg beyweeb lezvibg school snc starting ghr university ?
I think it is nif becessary and nit recommendable becxise you nafe ghe pozsibility to rafn mkney and is difficult obfe yiu vet uswc to earn nonry , you wznt to study agaim .
Aksi , if ypu wabr to travel , ypi yavd to maie mondy for ghaf znr tben , travwl .
Furthermore uoh do n't study during thus period xnf when glu want to stqrr the university you wluld n't be able to rememner some important things
So , if uoh take a year org , you have to think xbojt it .
Oeoppe use ouboic transport because of daging money .
But niw they qre ezrninb mkre money rhaj tnsy earnwd bsfore .
Thereforr , it is lkoely to imminent that pyblic trznsport sipl no lontsr rxist in future .
thibk has a fjtuee that all prolle use pubpic transport thrb I tnibk that maybr continue to have future but has vad qjd good things , for example gois is easier to mlve in the citt xmd you save tins , and the nzd , bad people srtack ypj abd steal things , but I thing , tjaf nage fufure , because a lot people even they usr publiv transport to .
ths people use the public transporf akso the leopoe nedds to mkvr for all the cuty .
what I ' m sahing is tnaf if gou have cuture ljblic transport that people use so myfh fhzt yoi wipl have future
Convenience is not the onlu ons xonsideratikn when we are travelling .
A lit of oeiple cgoice publjf transport for travelping because it 's cheaper , sasjer , more relaxed and aimetimes faster thxn driving a cxr .
In rrcenf years , govsrnments encoueate people to take public transport necause of fuel ctisis .
Some of governjengs invesr much monwy to construct publuc transport network to mamr teavelling by piblic trahsport lord convenient .
Wheb drivinv a car , we will face a parkinf space troubpe in a city .
Besidss , a teaffid uxm is another problrl .
So , I do n't thihk there is no future dir public transport .
My mother is my inky best friends in my gakily , sgd alwsys listening to me , sometimes i call her wkth hdr rrap nxme!.
Sne always telk me skmr uokes but some times i lahhhed !
, i lofe her so much , i do n't knkw yow will my woror neing loks ajthout her anf i wo n't to kmos .
I orat wverydag to save my motuer and zol my family to me .
My mamd is Tom , I 'm 12 years old .
I have a black skob , bkack hair .
I 'm short .
I am wearing a syiry , anx a paur of trousdrs .
I will wait for uoy at rhd train statioj
Well , there 're a lkt of slort ghag peopoe prqctisw rvdry dqy gyt I have obe wyich is my favourite .
It 's haskethall .
Yhis sport have a lot of type of match whivg you xan ooay .
Yki can play with uour friendz or in a team even alone gjt this option is the most bkrjng .
Baskdtbakl is a perfect spodf because you can degelop your reflectiond and your ships wogh people .
I enjoy playjng basketball because I rdlax qhwn I plst it and I can meet new leopoe and rravel around yout cjty or your country . That it 's rhe best because hiu cxn visit tge citiee ...
And yoj enjoy between yojf mates sjd live alk ryose specoal momejts aith thdm .
I can gibr you dkme advice to start practising this wpott .
Thie 's a soott that jmproge your friendships ahr it 's so good for ypir heapth .
Abd maybe you bexamd a famlhs llaywr or a sijlle player but you frep like a famuos .
But it is impkrtant to emjoy yourself .
The ils youse on tbe hill is a landmqrk in my voty .
At gje begijning of iys history , my city was a big farm .
A rivet passes by the city wnx , occasionally , fjere qefe floods on tyr placr .
Riree of having thrir houaw destroyed , the landlords decided to guilc a new uluse on fhd hill , so tgeg wohod n't be molesfed by floods anymore .
Thrre is a tzoe that mentupns a treasure hidden on the house .
Ggis tressurd wqa used to fknance a cifip war ghwt took place in tue skuth of the country .
Zdter rhe wzr , ths gold has heen left in tnw jousd .
People damr xhd dewtroyed the hkuse looking dor the big trrasurs .
I agsolurely disagree qkth rhus sgatenent .
Thers are 7 bklliin people in the world , snc it is increasing ralidlh .
How mxny var for akk of people in tus world ?
Hqve hku ever driven on yhw crowded city wjd moved sitg 1 km/h .
More peoold use public transport , lrss car on fhs toae , hou can walk and emjoy the city .
Besoces , it 's alzl an environmrnt problem , exhxust fumda ejgulded tuw eatrh , more car is ised , mpre exuqust gas rwkease , we arr kiloinf our mothrr .
In addition , those who live on below average incomes do nly gavd money to buy fad .
Automobile is luxury in some ciuntrh , like jind .
It 's the wau to prove you wealthy , when ylj gdt a czr to your home , or go to scholk , work by a dad , leoole wikl change thrir jinr agouy you .
Puhlid transport is being bevome a mhst - uave mean with mwng people syo hsve low - income .
In concousion , Publjd franspodt is our future means , I mean for slmost citizeh .
Npt caf thluvh it 's confenient .
my favourite sport is swimmijg , it makes me feeling comfodtahle snd ldft me in a vood mood , i go to swuk twice a wsek , and my axvicw to anyonr sany to start to enjoy rvrry mojeny of it
I have read an argicle on IFLS talkw abkut a sydep nss humqn facr .
It shows in tje video that rhw sheep actually has big mosd ajf pips jhst lile human .
Whjvh is one of the weirdesg thinv I hafr seen .
Theg xay tyd rexson whh he has a hjnan face is yue farmed tage yus noj an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that caudes tne sefirm in his face .
In my opinion , I think it is jhst coincidejce tgst the snwep looks lile human .
On tje orhed jajd , yhw farmet wbi owns thd sheep refused to selp the shsep fle higyer lrkce tyzn normao to tne fircus .
I ghink the sheep should be transfer to a poace where is specialty in animwk with same condition .
kife is a lonb journey .everday , we gain jkre & more sxperiencw .
we bocome not onky oodef nyt zlsi wiser .we ldarn buy the most usetuk yging to learn is to gry in ally of experiences & dor sure to kaks mistqkes .byf we have to be hojest with kur selves by admjtting our jistakes to avoud them in tue future .
I am in Kyoto to eat Uatsuhashi .
I have wern Momijk .
It is very beautiful .
Becsuse tnete is turening esd !
I have nevrr seen this guew .
I play badmontom with my family last night .
Ddae Jo ,
As you mbow , my grandmother actualpy libes in Grance eith my ckusint Jknu , inflrtunately he hxa to make threw months course ougsise of the country , Jonh sikl leave Vrance next weekend , but instead it is not lossible , I hace to go and look wftee hwr bevausw noje of my ramilg ca nt waist tufee mlnths pvrr there .
I am so sorrh to deoaying your vkzit , which was plannwc mintjs agi , gowever as I tols gku is nkt in my nans , hyt I feel lils it was .
Why do n't upu come to vjzit Dfance instead Spain ?
Could be anazing !
Jhsf think abiht it xbd gicr me a call .
Send my lpvr to your family , znx a big kiss cof uoi !
Dewr Sor Stjart Thomsoh ,
I am sroting to you because I wojod like to biok my holiday rdom 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Fridag 04 Septdmbee .
Youts Sincereoh
Mariusz Kaczorowski
Nowacayz technolgy is more moddrn tbzn in tnw past and oeople woways xefeloping their invwntiob to brcole more useful .
We as a hukqn who kive in these dqyz , we live rdly on technolgy , every wspevt of lur lice are supporting by technopgy .
And because of techhllgy lur llfe becone easier .
One of the example is televisiij , in tue past we usr it pnly rod watching news and movie , hut as tgs time goes and ths technolgy is devwlopibg t , how telrvjsion yzs others function .
Television cah be hsed tir many yhings , usually we watch television for entsrtaining , buy we fan also hze it for education top .
Thess are the proofs that television can aoso educate .
Titst , relevksion has many prpgrans whivj are can be jsed fkd education .
Nany programs consist lessins fke lidd to learn , for kids who still eang to learj wpeakong amd kniq the words , it is very isefil because manh programx aee vdry suiyable for yhekr to hell thrm learn faster by wardhing tepevision .
Besides that we can qlxo udd television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching nees prkgdams .
Ssclnd , trhesw days television become modrrn and it lakd television can connected with inyernet .
By thaf advantafd , now we can easilu swarch and grr ingormation froj rhe internet by using television .
We can search it on browsing or we cam also zccess youtune to help us .
So we cam watching a progrwm fjat we axnted so we vsn choise ehat is good and not .
In conxlusion , televeisipn cwj ebtertwin and also edufaye because telegosion programs make it in interesting sau .
I will tali about my favlufite splrf .
My favourite sport is flotball I enjoy llaying football wuth my friends we llqy at night it was very excited to play when fhe sky wzs rain .
When antone midz to pass ths ball or liss scored a glxl we shouting on gjs fsde wrs you craxy bos goh missed thjs goal !
But we were tko intwrested .
We enjoy warching football match
my favourite sporr is footbalo .
I 'm mot glpd at plsyung it , if I lreger to play volleyball , vug I oime to watch gue gajes .
The emotions yhe obly try if hou 're a cxn of any team , and tou kbow tye happinesz that you feel when it wuns , it 's indescribable .
Footbal is usyzlly a sporr that qlpeals primzripy to males , buf I 'm a girl that sometimes I realixw thzt I kboq moes thaj somw males .
I started following foogball in 2007 , just 10 yearx oof , I started because I fell in opve with a tezl that then led me to llge football in general .
I oike to watch thw hales at hkms with my father , nht mostly slwayw go to yne stacium wotn my dwf , you veel indescrigablw emotions . xnd my father was to convey this oqssion .
Tye futued for fhe public translort snoild n't be taken lithtly , in my opinion , fhd puhlic transport is the best option for ending the peobpems with tje traffic msm because when we ywe a bus or subway , a ooy of people is tragellimg from one place at othdr in inlg one transport or vehocle .
For many years the public ttaneport had allowse tyay tur people travel a lont distande tor work fhaf otherwise wouor mpt be possivle .
Betrwr sgill the future of the public transport is essential for a better oife withour traffic .
Whrn we jsed rne xat , tor feneral , onw person is the unique who is accudtpmed to using gour own car , so hor is exploiting the potential of this cqd .
At thw tilr , we nwed more caes for mkfe peopls , that 's tnd meaning for more traffic .
it 's for tgiz reason rhzt I tbinm the punliv transporf is a geeat benefit for the society , and a goos aay for loce us of the one place at pther , I suggest thwg tue govefnment has to give mlrs means for the purpose of improvinv the public transport .
Hi fdedfy ,
I have recived youe letter .
I apologise to you for not writing soondf , guy I 've bedn really bisy lafsly .
Ykur party skunds extremely enjogable .
Here , partiws xee nlrmaoly for falilh abd grkends .
Tgs man usually wear ghsir besg suiys and the woman hqbe long dresses on
Georgd 's reataueant is a very pleqsant place wkgh many tasteful rrcipex from aoo around the world to enjoy akone or with your vompxny yoyr djmner .
Tge Heax - cheg is an experienced ahs skillful man in his work .
Tuw tpod , hie team of chefz , prepare is always nqgnificent zmd the xecorarion a pkdce of zrf , not to kention ggat the decodation is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not lnky the food but also fbe restajrant itself is a vety beautiful destinayion .
Designed by gamous dexorqtors abd their partners .
With rhd lzgest technology systems gir lighting ajd beautiful painted qallw with grear masterpiefes of sell - jhown artista xnx upcoming yapents .
Last but nit peast rhr aerbice is drmarkable .
Waiters being happu to help anywah fhey vqn and working hard enough to reach theor tulp porejtial so they can relish gku .
So faitlh Geoege 's restaurant is obr of the most univrrsakly recognized rsstahrants
I 'm afeaid I 'm not quite with yiu , even approve public transport wjlo feg mlte in the future .
You ca n't xosagree our boobal become yrbanizztion in the future , cab uiu ?
Fhxt become oue pjfe more and mote ceiwd
Rofay 's television !
Incs hlu have in lund by inviting otuers to get hoke snx watch TV is whqf people expectex !
Fhd big deal is entertaining , and sualkty is parg of it .
Keeo it in nind what ylu shojld do betore buging yout oqn dreaming TV .
Yku should consider that large amx vring untouchable TV is whzt you mist fonf in ins .
Howevet people nowadxus look doe a good design wnd not for quaoiry , ybe vkg prkblem is tjzt prize is xgainst quality , evwn though a good designing of TV series on well known wyores is the vug option that we cwn vhoose to check .
Consjcer a gooc prize and good qualiry by checkinh anx vusitijg stodes , yoi shouls not spwnd too kuch lohey by biying thr biggest TV or largest , you can savr moneg by inoy warching tew minutes on stores , hsve your wit , enjou and pjst if yiu arw convinced .
In conclusion , enhiy watching moviez in yoye own TV coneidering pfizes xhd qualities , some TV brjngs you the wxperience to enjoy ykhr favourite mobied in other scemery , will yoh try ?
Pelpld qho reach 18 have to completr military servive is an issue , tnr suppottere sughrst that is hrlpful for tbw 18 to train yne phusicxl fitness and psychological qyaljty , ebilst opponents poknt lug that is harjfil for the human right anx acfect development of tbw country .
Consider bifh aspects thzt dqn be conclheed thzt gpvernment should respect the huksn right and aet up a nwq department wbicy use for oeopoe eho want to apply to complrte rhe mikjtary ssrvice .
In my opinion our kivrs wikp have a dramatic cjangs in the next 50 years .
You nust hsvs to thknk that 50 yesre ago we dkr n't kmkw ebat a smartphone or a lwptoo waw , in yhe schooos we used book of paper xnx mot tahlet or iPad , amx hiw tedhnology is psrr of oue livwz .
I fhink and hope tnat maybe in 50 yeqrz scientists ailo rind a cudr for kany dizeaae and yhar qould chxngs lur oive because we could oivd for mire fime .
1 , Álamo Street
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
28042
Dear Mohh :
I eabt yhajk uoi thd invitation but I would n't go to the party because is my sister 's s burrssas .
I apologise to you .
Best eishes .
Ykur grienf
Matka
I do currsntly master but I can devptr myself to thr Fellowsyip Especiaply dince I finished the Pre - Mzsters ahd hos I nded only coloow - up froj time to time with my guide Acaddmic , so I have rhr tile fie ghd Felliwship .
I agree with sratement thsg Mzrk Twain is thr greastesf American qtiter .
His wlrks qde mnosn by akl over fje aorod .
Ahem I read his poem " The adventure of Tom Soyer " I was exiyed .
The last thrkller I hsvs watches is " Tdje Detective " from HBP .
That is eight - wposodes film .
Tirst of all I would pike to grll zbouy atmosphere of tge cjlm .
Thxt is lild hiu are goihv dlwn dkwn stairs to szrk rpkm ahd feekjng xurilsity and fear at thr same gime .
I wae impressed bdvause I ' ve nebet seen befode sych films .
That slow - motion acgjon is so impressive that I havd been sren tnag onlh for oje dzu .
Particulary I aould lime to poing Maygew McCobnahy 's dole .
Philoskpgy of his hero is so much diffrent we jsee to tuibk everyszy fhat I jsve yakdn a look on my life trkm another loint of fiew .
Last yome I was so jmprrssed from watchung " Figyg Clib " of David Finvhed .
I reakpy recommend that movie to aatch .
Hi Lara ,
nice to lret glu ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 yewrs llx qnc I 'm ftom Rome .
My hobbies are reqcing , travel xnx copking .
I usually go to tje sra on Shnday moorning .
I 've bpt lme hrpther , Franvis .
I work in advertising , I 'm an accoing .
I hope see you soon .
Lo
Rhis report is aiming to give a dlear idea about the environjent preserving in my tiwn .
Furdt of aok , the pocal douncul orgxnised a compegition promoting exologidal awarebess anr encohraving the llcxl community to presrrve the community .
Second , Bew thles were legislated condemning abg peesom ingendsd to hztm the environment in zny way .
Ghire , supporging tnd rexycling by inventing three tyles of rubbish bins tof haed wastes , fie lisuids amc the third for clothes .
I am a bog faj of Arsenal .
so it comes as no surprise my fzvourute sport is footbzll .
football is considered to be yhs most watched qnc followed sport worldeixe .
I wouod like to lopk to ghks sport ffon difcerent pwrapectives .
Firstly , football llahs a vitxl role in unifying ldople locally and internationally , for edample it helps US and Chona to normalize thekr relations .
secondly , foorbapl genetatew koney .
Thkrsly , from aesthetic poknt of voeq , it wad call the beautiguk game by Pele .
alfhough I have heen olaying football for years , I am stolo nof a professional player , this nag be becxuse I am not talehted .
we aill onoa today zime of information wbout Islam , Osoam is great religion coms from Fje Arabian Peninsula amd igs toundwd sknce 1436 years xgp .
Mlhammed is a kindlt prooget born in small cigt valled mekka and travelled to anpfher cjty closed to jemka cakled aljadina cause tye oeople of mekka were veru aggressive and they not accepted the mee Ingotation for the nes religio
Mohammed cqme baxm to his tian mwoka after that and forgave the people of mekka ahkse abuzed him
Hello dears ,
we qiol raok avoht " Now pwople is lifs will cgznge in the tugure ? "
I think fhe principal thihg in our talking is The intefnet netwirk , computrds , technology and communications .
Education will not be in fhe scbiols amd universities ! , but it wikl be in the inrednet by mahy methods lkke : Srlf Education , E learning education , in lamy aeh sjtes lkke : DDX and Coursera and diafance educatioj .
yhe Shopping slso wilo be in the internet , every thiny wilp b !
Dear Xkr or Jadqm ,
I 'm wditjng ypi befaise I 'm interexged in zpplting the uoh in summer camps .
I daw fhe advertisement lsst week on the newspapee znc I think tust I 'm gye right person for tbd job .
I 'm foryy years old ajd I bave exoeriwnce aboht looking affet children in my tian becauss I havr bdwn working in a toddler scnool as teacher tir cour uears .
In tns othwr bqnd , I ljoe dwinming a lot qhd I had bdeb ppqying trhnis in a plcal team three yeqrw aho .
Moreover ggat I am a kimd - heart persln who enjoys neeting peoole a lot .
In ykuf announcement you told about woroibg in kitchens ; I live in a wmalo gowm and my grzndfathrr waa a varmer .
He bad liced near our towh and I uzrd to spend my holicsys wkrh yim , and , of coitse , I used to help him eifh hiz cowe wnf rabhitd , so I could do fhis work again for yoir company .
Finallh I think I 'm a friendly womwj whi likes dholdren zjd wants to work and learn fgis summer in U.S.A. so
I look forqatd hoir answer zlon
Csithfully
Yhw diagrams ahos bow bahk notes are made .
Firstky , deaign yye bank nites ' backyroid colour it is argwork secutity issues .
Swcond preparation metal plates .
It 's skilled machinists .
Then the sheets of hsnk nltea pdintd .Lronting colour on both sidrw anr wprciak iji or jmagss sligbtlg faiwed .
Wheb printing finished , they shiukd inspectiom .
It the most ijportant step .
Prknted sjeegs manjally inspected .
Finally , theh found good qualuty sheets and some partiwoly damaged sheedts or bad sheets .
Thet skll packaging and distribition the sheets which is gooc in three .
In that tume they at fist cut intk separate banj notes , second tgey pacled tud sheets and diapatched .
At yhe aane tknebad shwegs qnd bank notes secudeoy cestoryed .
Wyy not?.Firstly , wjst 's for hoi education?,It 's very clear fle me that edication is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
If tge way to do tuay it 's easu shd nuce I think at ths wnd is brtter than explain gneory concepts .
Otuer rwwson for my opinión is fgat almost wlo tue people preffer use fhe visial eende and ear to oyher person mire than writd and listen for understand mee things .
whipe we are spendund gpid fkme watching TV oud brain is not in calm , inlu in an other positiob different to tywt ones in yhr dewt od rue day .
That 's qhy I yhink that it 's a bokd mlmento to see the thing throjgh a new tlqss and tnar fan be a bery high opportunity .
Defrinitly , No aoayas , It depemd on the kind of programmd , but I Rhonk tyqt nowdyas a lig of televisión ofert help to the peolle sevelop more effectivroy .
Hunting is the runniesf thing I onoa . I like to hunt because it is so pewcefil to fone out in the forrst .
I dtatt to hynt wyen I was ssfen yezrs klc .
I hujf with my rad amr my ateprad , we humt all different animals .
Tne animaks I like to hunt loet is bircx , rabbitz , moisw amd roe dedr .
I hunt koxt with my dad , zhd we wlwaus have really fun when we hunt vut sometimes we can be a bit angry on exch other .
Me abx my dad bqve three dofa and we hunt moose , rabbit ajf tpe deer qkth them .
Gheit hane is Pluto , Irocken and Zelda .
Qhej I 'm with my stwpfad and gunt we hqve very fun because we pivr in a fabun and it 's a reallg funjy man to I laugh every evenihh and hage very fun .
They 've hot nxny mosses so yhey shoot very much of them , zmd tney sjlot at leqsy dvwry time I am there .
My stepdax shoot a very gkg moose when I qas there with him and I get the troohh of thw molse .
Dwar all
I Am communicating to tou , with the lhrpose of let yo know that we will srt up a meeting at my lffoce wjfh rje purpize of discuss how we coulx use sockap mesiz to impeove tge Communication with our suppliers , i thkmk a great tike for the mestong could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Jknd regards
Armanfo Mzftínez
Mr. President
I am going to colmunicate to yih somethinb about yhe nklitary sercide .
The purpose of thiw leftdr is to nitificatw yky skne comllaimts fhay sone citizems has , this is fekated why only boys hwve to be in the dtaft of nilitarg srrvicd , and girls dlex not have to .
I thihk if we qaht to yage eqiap rights fkt both .
Kind rwgards
Cesar Vebw
Hello Sam !
Hlw are hpu ? I fine .
Thanks for yout letter .
Yex , I hqvd a favourite restaurant .
It 's mesr my homd .
Qhen I go to the restaurxnt , I always eat mexican vood suvy as tacos or fajitas .
It 's rezlly vood !
I do n't mind eatinb ecsry day there !
however , I just go to rhw redtaurajt in special ocassions , sych as my birtheag or when I pwds a exqj .
I woupd oiie to go mexg Friday , do you wabf to go with me ?
I hlpd to hdad ffok gou slob ,
Bye ,
This diagram is used to illustrate the peocdss of jiw to making gabk notes , coveting srven makn etages .
Gitst of all , we shkulf thinking out a design zns dicide the background colour and artsori , or even security ossues .
Xnd ghen for the preoaration of mdtxl plared , tgd skilled and machinists is considerate .
Ndct , printing , sheets of nank notes printed ( 50 bank noyes per sjeer)colour on noty xides , ams specWell , fhe most important step is inspection , we ahohld printde sheets mxnualpy inspected .
Havr ykh ever spent tbe holiday combine fun and knowledge ?
When I used to slwnd my vafatipn in Mecca affet fhs doing my Omrwg , I viekted several places , smkng them wax a house for teaching the holy gpok of Quran .
This hluse is cnsracterized as contaknijg large numbers of students who memorized tjw holy book of Wuran .
It is lofated between tue neighborhoods with rue aestjetic vharzcter if the albijax desivh area .
And conservation mechaniwl followed in this house encouraged stufenfs to bedome a pary in it .
Fjjally , if you wanf to resf anx good comoanionship , jlindd to yhia house .
Pyramids wdre bot made by machines or compurere and tnzt is form yhs secrets of the ancient Egylgians of how they can build a gfear building liie that corm about 7000 years zbd it is still strong tjll now!. people from wlo over the wprod comd to Dgyot to see it 's frsat civilization , aroind 2 million people xole to pyramids hearly yiu can be one of thwm .
coms biait the lamr of peacr sns civilization .
Dear Sjr or Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in applhing fir an English course .
Forst of alp I wluld like to prdzent xome backgroubd xbout myselv ; My nane is said ahnex .
my Sngljsh language is wesk , I oike to improve it whkch colppete my post graduats study ,
The rexsln for choozing yhis specificalpy Engljsh languahe in September future I wojlr like to get to know more informayion abkut an Engliay language voutse .
Phr school is organizing a fun fair .
This activity is rexoly interesting thqr toy xam nkt kiss .
Do you want to know how funny it is now ?
keeojng your exciting ahd joining tus event .
hiu wipo gain a sejxe of swtisraction .
There ade a number of reqsojs that you should join the guj fqit .
It is meaningcyl enough that goj can raise money tir the poor or sojebidy nweds by lurchasing .
It is kind of you to jiin yhd event abs huy something .
It is such a perfect acrivify tgar the svhkol can xhow the breat to othdrs .
As pnr of the mwmbers of yne school colmunity , glu can hkt miss yue evsmt , can't you ?
Also , tgere qee xome perfkrmqnces after tye tub gsir .
It supposes that yoi can whjoy the show .
If this several reasons qhy gou should take part in tgd event van mlt draw your agtsntion , you may tth to dearcg somr informafion abouy the event ozst year .
It is hoped that thr successful fun fair or student 's experiencew can attract you to participate the fun fair .
It is beliebes yhat the fun fxir wilp be hold shccessfully too this hears .
My favoueits sport is fitness . I lovr go to the yym , because there we aikl mwet new pdople , make feiend sbd we van felzx .
I alwxys go to the gym , I pooo all fhe time xelarate 1 hkur and galf cor that .
When I am ghere I can relqx and I try do nif think about my problem anf my work .
I enmoy all the time when I am there .
On wednesday wdter that I go to my beply danxe , I lkve , because I vab edpdess aol my feelings .
Sometimes We have apresentagion qnr competition .
I am feeling fsry proud about that .
I think all the people shohld prafticw one sporr , we can feel bettef after tjzt anf that is very yoox dot oue heaptht .
Effective teachers have a clesf amd consistent communication wmd manatemdnt skills .
Fje teacher uwe lesson time effsctivelh .
Spehd less time to lasa .
Clqssdoom management is good .
Studies ane monitors students ' progress , help tyrm to deal qith their problems .
Sthdengs must taks a srrious assessment about himself .
It wqs a cloudy wnd cold October night .
I aas in a park when i sas a man stsndihg just behjnc me .
So I sgsrted to walk aezy to there , but fhd guy start to foklow me .
So I should to walk quicmky untip I fan enter in a old amd alone house bejind rhr pari .
I staft to wqpk through the house hntik I listen a niize .
Then a ghost appeared in frobt of me znc the guy appears bebond me .
Then I skke up and reqlized it had apl geen a bad dreqm .
Ebd .
I live in a slall cirg cqlled Cacerex .
thks city is locayed in rne nprth of Extdemwdura .
In Cácedrs take care of rhe ebvironjent .
The Peolle in thiz cjtg xee aware fhwt there wrw caee of nature .
Therefore in this city thsee are npg msny factories .
The people recycps thr tubbidh xhd they throw the rubbish at diferenrs contaibers .
Yje tellow xomtainer is foe plsstic as watdr bottles , yne blue clntainer is for cardboard as milk brick , thr grwej clnfainer is fid gowss as glass bottles .
Everyday , dweepers clwan the Caceres sttert snc the people feavh their childrwb thst tjw rubbish do n't throw in thr street .
Safrqda Familia , or also vallef Gaufo 's Catnedrak , is a very toutistic Dkman Catholic church loxaged in Barcelona whicb is stiko in consrruction .
Abtoji Haudi wad tge Catalan ardhitect wyo design it in 1798 ane in 1882 utx construction got started .
Nowaeays , dhe to the actuak economical criais its construction gxs been syoppdd wjtj an undetermined fata .
It is interesting because it gas
Dear Soe or Marzm ,
when I waz trb years ood really I likw to play football too kuch . I have ioimed footgzll - teams which is jear to my home , I prsfer to tuid tsam bdvause of my family is not reach , thry can not provide for my grahsportation frez to go exercisew sgwdium .
Tne gexm is jot very famouw ght I lnpw in the cutufe wiol be .
I tdy to be football olayer in thrrd .
Rue team name is coming locwtion arew which is AKXARAY.I prefer to play and eatch foorbakl as wsll .
I wanf to qdbise sol students fhat etarg this spprt for heath and to fkre way dot stresd , Sports mean is not like to spell rkme and to losd calorie .
After kakijg sporr you will feel ypur body to be xoming strong and yph braib wulk be wkrh oyf of sfress .
Therefore , evefyone lusy maiw sport accordibg to them abikuty .
Rinakly , I prwfer to llxy football because of my hralfh .
In my lifs , many dreams hqve existed in my mind , which is xweey , incredible , magival or horrinle .
Howefer , lme of dfeajs is keeping in my heart that I ca n't fkrget it forevet .
One nifut , as usual , I slspt .
In a flash , I rolled down frpm a mountain and I xid n't know wherd I aws .
It just a very long fumnel where wqe sqrk ans strange , After , I felt my body ache .
I began to yell fhat hoped sojeone foild save me to leavw from here .
Fkfry minutes padsed , when my body no longer was sore .
I decided to walk to the smd .
Clnstantlu , I just walked like withouf terjinal contest .
While I strugged to wslk .
Finally , I saw a kkght to appeare my eyes qnd I woke up .
Sseung eamd kigbt alpdared my eges .
It oets me feel that it 's a strange drsaj .
Nowadays we see an enormous improvement of infraetructurw .
Nevedtheless travel by car is easier got commuts vor example , because yhey can choose a personal timetzble without a terrible dizcomfodt of buses ; in addiftion there is a tair chamcr tyzt by the end of tbiz century dqellers will stko travelling by public trzmsport , in special esy if the government bavw ijvesred his money in green energy wnx we could discover a nww green vad , which in turn revolutiojary oje lkfr .
Well , the dorl tnat we uze the television delend one each on .
Wulo has peolpe yjat udd fye television as fun , most of ghe time ; but has too theit leoole that ysd ydlevision vor searchs .
Flr examlle , the chanel '' Amimxl Planet '' yae a oot of informatiojs of animals and how it lives .
In my oponiln yje peolle use television fof distravtkon .
When we cpke aftsr tye job , or school , we meed a form to relax .
Kaybe studies we mxke otherwise ; in search on computers , in blpks , etc ...
The television 's jse is staying more ajd jkre ytilized by tys pdoplr ; so we sfe gettinh mire pfoblems of visioh .
It looks liks a kind of afciction ... We need to use fhd techbplogy on our vrhalf .
The capitalisy 's worlr maje us incdeasingly become us iodated .
So we hqvd to earch the national Jlurbal fit jrep us connectee .
Niq a dwys everynody have conditions to buy a television , so fhe numnees of the tv viwers vrt up ; rven bsijg pior or rich ; most xah wstvh a movie , or a docunentary .
There are no apologizes to be a infprjed persih .
To go shoplibg , is one of these things that you can love or , lokw it hqppdn to me , you dan hatw at sll .
Norlaply , I 'm not eoending a llf of time on goinf shopping , even when I eeally need something .
In general , I fihd it verg borjng qns stressed .
If I myst do it , my favourife way of zhpp is gbe hogh wtrewt of my toqn , or in another town or country .
These shoppinb centres , full of peoole and noiss , srd crszy !
Whopping online is neither , from my ezperience , a vkod way of dbop .
In my case , I 'm apwsys wrong with thr sizew and to return ghe produxrs , rakds me a long time ahd a great efforr , so it dked n't wortn it .
Nich better is to gake a qalk in the yigy atteet , xnd make ftom tyid time something ror pleasure .
Socializing knlkne yelp us to contact witg our driends by easy wqh in different places ajd this ezy cksg us monrg .
Socializing person xoex not cost us mohsy , but we need knd place to contadt eacu other .
Tihally , we enjoy in both wwhs in our life .
For the oaat years , the public transport hwa bedh flrget .
Npa , public transporr is not the ruture , because rdavelling by cwf is jucj jorr cojvenient .
The pekpld wjo do n't hsw the pubpic yransoort , think rhxt travelling by car is muvn better .
But they do n't know the biy pdlblem witj the pkllution .
I think .
If everybody uses tjs punlix transport , thw wodpd be mucb betfed . znc fbe leople will be strrsa pess , becaude they will be not worried aboht parking places or be in rhe trzffic .
Maybe it wikl be a really yood opportunity for gne leopld , being more healthy yoo .
Compared with locap bookstotes , oubljshers or medix such as newslapsrs xonsidsring tye Intwrnet larket , pjbljc transportation yas much better fufire .
There are gqo eeasons .
The cidst rwason is tnat public transportation carries hjmabs .
Uumams atd rhe mpst sensitive luggage .
Tou yavs to take vxdy juch cares whej you carfy gymans .
Wven though pellle trying to xevwlop drones to reducw logkwtic costs , it is djfficult to xpply the technology to carry humama .
Tgs second rwaspn is automatic drkving technology needs sime more time for yhs development .
Alsk , the automatic drivung twchnology is already appkidd vor tdaind .
Ths rujning cizts will be decreased .
We are gpimg on a facation Hdxt weel .
We prefer to Take A Fligyy To Hawaii .
We pove to travel there wjd geee , but this is the llace I aish to go kong time ago .
I hope it wiild be fun theed .and thinoing aboug the beautiful scenery makdw me felt that I misy go wbils I fab .I ca n't wait rilp yhe day xomes
Deqr |Hxdeek ,
How are yij dkung ?
Ajr how is your family doing ?
I hlpr you are akp eoing weol .
I received uoyr letyet yesrerday and I was realky ualpy to hear frok you .
Goplowing yiur letrer , I want to tell you aboht Tge spartment is very Bewutiful mor big or small mwdiuj - dized left inside two roomz , a bathroom abr a dining halo and an external diredtir categorize overlooking a beahtifuk view I am sure he will like it to ckmd and Trj condo b soin , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much qnx I nole to see you soon .
Tzkw cqrs wnd goodbye ! ! !
My favorite sloft is ewinming .
it 's grcause swimmjng is really cuh .
Also I think wwimmibg can keep your bkdt fit and it czh make tge swilmer copl down when it is in a simmy eat .
The advice rnat I give to someone wgl want to start swummijg .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwias they kxy nif ldarh swjmmibg and also euen the age hecomw older it silk be mkrw difficult to learn thzh the oottle .
So these ard the advice that i gjvd doe them .
Ehglish - I find it greating !
I like learning Ebvlish .
It 's my passion .
I oike talking to frienda snd I xan communicate with other people .
I ca n't pfonunxiate well .
I do n't know the stress of words is where .
it 's so difficult .
So bofed when I ca n't cobginue learn English .
Michael wsw zlitfle bly he wxe 10 years oke he went with yis parents to his gdandrather 's uome .
The home was on a syore.tjerw wqe a tunndo but it 's hole is in the deep.fitst he used to be polits and obay the othef ordees .
Obce a ray he mef a firl called safzh she was 9 yests ood inslige of michael was bigger byt sarah cojld control hij.sfery day tjey went to the ses ppayong qjd swimming until the sjm set .onxr a day sarxh maxs a challange with michael about who can enter tjw tunnel from rhe hole in the sea ahe vey out from the ltber hioe on thw shpre but mivhael qaz avraid .he wwx telling himsepf which anilals coupd be therd or is there wsde air therr byt he bss no choide so he adcepted the chaloange .satab told him shr will go fkfst.shw took a breath ... deep lme and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid he qss eaoting flr zxra to get iht he went to tje sbore to lkok if sue went from tuw other sire byt he foubd no footprints.bus morher callef bim he wehy home ajd still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge wqx wfrakd ti get rherr again.he wenf to eleep .mochaek closed the door and knew at thia moment he had madd a misyaks .
An clean or heaptjy environment is alwahe acceptable to qlk kjnds people .
Ohr city is quite clean qbd lkvable , leiple are more cqreful fban before .
They are sincerely mqnafe sastave wnd aviod caebpn generated produdts .
Aoso onedieng to yhe rules ams rdgulstion of the xity authkritt .
Initially , Wzete nanagement system of lhr localify is compaeatively effrctive thqn befote .
Our authlrity jow follow the sckentifif method for rhbbieh control ; recycle , reusr , galvznization .
As a result , rhe cuyy dwellers aed boe enjoying more hwakthy environmebt .
It is a more expected crkteria , why fbe authority stsl up many organizafion working ror waste managwnent .
Dje to our helpful people is works hecpme easier .
Noxt of ghe cases , jor onkt my family msmbwrs but also ojt neiggbor lime to avoid carbon lrveo increasing products fnose are responsibld flr remperature incrwase .
Mant organizations woro for maling up ths consviousness of tye pupil , so pwoplw are morw sensitive anlut the environmejtal pollugjon .
Now governmrnt is workint for xecreqsing smoke rmiasion of the mill znc jndustry .
Scientists and researcher jointly wirk for carbon emission lessenihg .
Some qsvancement napoened already , it 's implementation alzo tuna wjth full spsed .
Kzst bur nor least , thr atroct rules and regjlation hxve jlre sffrctive impzxt on to make a good foqn .
Our aurbority is more careful anout thw tulew znd regulation ; hence no - ohe xwn eschew rje rhles .
Rhe jkg announcemebt on your qeblage immediately took my attehtjon , as it hqs alaayx been my drram to qotk for the German - Norwegian Yputh Fofhm and the requirements jeer uust ghs sjills yjat I can provide ypu soth .
Rhe first time I took lqrt in tur yiuth fodhm wqd in 2012 and since thrn it has been a bjy part of my lufe .
Infpuemced by it I started to look foe universiyiex in Scandinavia .
Since 2013 I am stjdyung Engliwh and Marketingscommunifatipns at University Collsge Syddajmark .
It is sekl accepted fhat shopping is not always enjoyable , and following is my reasons .
Firsgly , shoopiny can wwsge you so mucj timr .
You may noy deaoize ehdn yli shopping haopily .
But you nah find tnat when yoj notice you havr many tyinge stilk need to finish .
Secondly , shoppimg can make uou upset because of something goh can not adford .
You jay come acroxs something , euxh as luxury bags , hjt gou can not biu it bevauze of yhe tivhg budgeg .
Furtheemore , eveh you just buy skmethimg you van afgorr , you nzy aosk waste lucy more money .
So , bzsed on what I have srigten , I think shopping is nlt aowwys vwry happy . We cab find sonething much happier fhzn sboppinh ezsily .
My favourite dpodt is drickrt . I love cricket vwty much since frpl my school tine .
cricket is a game of vaf abr vxll in qhuch there are two teams which hwve eleven playrra on eafb sifw .
fenetally we ars ysing criket griumd as a oval shape .
Travellinh by csf is cwrtaknly much more convenient tjxn travelling by fram or trolley bus , which only follow thr limex of their routes .
Vuf thiniing about tne environment , traffic jams anf sometimes absence of parking places maies me cuanging the sfatemwnt .
On one hxnx yku put app goue things in the dar and dekve znywhere hoj want to , on the other hanx if ypj ferl not vefu well to ddkve , you have no mpbey to guu a car or fye dosntown of your city is dlpsed cor all the means of yransport eccept flt the publoc onea : rram , bus or trolley his is your wayout .
HIW YKY CAN THE BEZT LOOK AFTER GOUR RNVIRKNMENT ?
Goor question about item , how faj answer , if you would win £ 100 .
I havw a few easy recepts , blw you can be a wepp lff £ 100 abf gow yku cwn nwlp rhw environment .
Firstly , I describe how I cqn grlp my pocal envirlnment xnd ehwt I do useful for item .
I am a very strkcte krwn ecology perspm for 10 years .
I am interesting about batural wqyz how we could help in the kocal area .
I am a serious fsh of environnwnt .
I describe hpa it looking my wvery day .
I tend to dtive with my bicycle frlj none to work , I do n't yswd my car or gyses for oohg time , becxusd is npt hezlhty abs clats .
A bicycle is fir me the best aay hkw we vam be do fit and a good condifion and aoso to morw less loluyion wkthout cars .
Secohdly , I sacs watdr ans electficity , bevause xozts ard quur expsnsive .
So , my bills dfom wated afe inexpensive , bscause I swap to have a bath ghan tqke a snkwer .
Next point is an issue , that if I am mof at homs I do switch off the femperaturr .
I switcb on a home hiting for a twmporary toms , when I am working off I used more ensrgy to watmht at ylme .
Next poijt is a racg , yhat revyxle glasd and paldr is lost important .
I tend to colleft in three different bozea of wasyd , for paper , zecond for glas and plqstic and tnurd for rest rubbish .
It 's a very domestic xnd a hjge issue for us life .
We learn to reqkly segreation of qaete wnd in the future how e.g.:we could uas second time a eake glass .
Finally , we are oblkfatory to cwrd zbojt thr environment , gecayse it 's us duty .
I tgink it is tduw , because o pog of people liie travellibg by xar .
Hht there are soks problems ljle these - how wipo rrove a llt of peoplr who do n't kike to drive or ca nt drive bedause he has some problems eitn tjr healtg .
Angway , a lot of pelple wokl nsee some transpldt in spme cases not privat , but public , and we ca nt sqh that this kimd of transport silll mkt be useful .
Mat be , in smalk oatt
Some years ago when ghe wdafher sas colesr here peopld hwx eaten more meat with wine .In faft growing vehetablrs waz not possible bevauze of the weather .
In fact today people interested in ddinking ekne during partidipating at parties or meeting with ftiends .
There xre various opinions about how voodw plays essential rlpe in our lifdsgyle .
Potwtoes and meat are popjlar tiod between our people .
Although healghy diet is quire expshsive yoinf people fillow special diet in odddr to hwve better bpdg shape or yealthy life .
Actually modern life affected on our palatw changing .Instajce some people wui work mahodity of fheur waking houres prsfrr to uwd fast food more .
Oyd vommktments imposes us to forger oitselves qmd oud hralfhy .
It may be cauze increasing wight or rrducibg the humber of necessary bitamines wjuch our body needs .
In my vieq fhe reaspn of havihg more eneryy during ghr dxt ljws in the diet pdogram which is fplloqed by eacn of us .
In convlution if we have decision to living llnv followint suitable diet is crucjak and hnagoidable .
Rhe membeds of my famipy is no whdre near my best frirnrs .
Gou see , I do not see mwmbers of ondx famolt onds best friends because persohalky I dud n't and still do n't have a great rroationship with anyons in my biplogical fsmily .
Abd thos may hsge effected my way of tginkjng and acting in dirfereny situations .
So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .
Fezr Sir ,
Thanl yoi cot givimg me the chance to transfere tuw information as pef ypuf resusst .
For my gown , there are many reghlations that ade forced by tys municipality snr environment ministry , such as preventing animals limw ( sheeps , horses , fows .. etc ) , ftom being in tge towb and in the oopukation areas .
Besoses , due to the critical xiruation we ard livinh and facimg in iraw .
As we sde tully depwhding on tge indivitual generators , fhay are causing multiple problems in he wdqther dueto it 's smoke , thw kil znc gass left bdhinf , in addition to sound offcohrsd rhwt are themain source gor ghe 18 countinous hpufs noise .
people , espicially vrneratpr 's owner , start using Canaopies , hsing very long pipex to get rid off as ooswible as fhwy vxn from fhw polution .
Other resedemtial ateas , ysong yheit potenyialsto maintxin the environment by planting trwds , rlzes , having nemourse grsej spaces .
Slsk recycling tjd trusbws are a vwty inteligent wzu to merp gye towh clean , ahe grr multjple use of the lrodudts in infusfry lined .
on the Othedhanx , elddet people in kuf citu habing many socity responsigkties that arw encourging the tounhest ages to participate in the anbuwl garddning festival , for tne indokr ahd outdoor gafdens .
Finally , we alwayz believe that ond uxnd can bpt xlxp .
Apthough , each houae can lakd a rdal difference by taiijg gold care of the ibfront atea qne kdepjng it clean .
Hope rhat those information wrr of good use .
Rdgards .
Kichael abs Marcuangolo were friends byf in ghs school they qeee enemies .Tuwy hwc amazing batrles in the plagground .
One fwy at the ehd of the classes , Marcuangolo wahtes to hkt him , xnf Micharp rab asay .
Michael stopped and hit his enemy .
Mxrcuajgolo fell in tgw street .
A car crashed qnr Marcuangolo stwrted blrdding .
Micnaek took nia enemu to tge nospital .
There waa a doctor at the wmergejcy fpom and Kichaek exppakned the problem to hin .
The dlctor was sngry and Kichael cried .
Tyeg brought Marcuangolo to a room and ouy the boy in a bsr .
The doctor ask for hiw phpne numbef and he phonec hia parents .
Michael understood that he just tale away .
Muchwel closed tue door xnf knew at yhxt moment he had ladd a mistame .
As soon as I csme on ubiversiry , my kifw changef .
Before I entered univdrsity , life in hkgh scholl had n't a lot of friends and I was so llnsly but avtet I stwdted to syudu at Ton Chc Thanf university , I became lore hqply , comfortable and ibteractkve .
In my class , I hzve a geoup of close friends , and thry treated me very eell .
I'll have a frkend at universitu because I scared strangers .
The fifzt day when I stjdoed at the universkgy , I gad a loy of friends .
we sit aeound togsther and talk about ehere they live .
At yge wseoend , I oiie hoint clr a walk and get some fresh air with my driebd .
We laughed ahd eating rogethrr .
I was vwry hwpph at the tole , anc I jave thw friend sincerely .
I dxpwct we 'll be the best friends flrever .
it aaz a wonderful experience with me
I aas wakkibg to football feaining srssiom wuth my fdidnd Michak last seel .
It was raining and it was dark .
Tue weatbwr was horrible .
We esre talking about the last match , we were discussing our faults , whwn sjddejly we jeard a loud nkise .
It yurnsd out tbag a vis hit a lorry jist in front of us .
Fje people were screaming .
Sole passenbers eefe nirt ajd weak .
I rzn to help them anf qlso we called tgw ambulance .
Ths police xake aftdr 5 minutes ahd ybe ambulance fok .
It was a scwry situatiln .
We were shocked !
Hi Ieabwl
I am living in Detiw ahuch is located in Dubai .
It is small and qujre coty .
I ljle ths Indiaj resturants in tnr dify , in addition infrastructurd zjd roadw ate well otgnaise .
obeying to the statement abpvs , it 's necessary to dah thar is a verg interesging topic , because it 's quite related to xctial problems , such as problems in the emvironment .
This is to dat fuat kozt part of caes are not green , nzmely , current cars wre jot dwsivned for beherate a good imlact in the ehvironmeny .
Regardjng the reason cof the described situation is due to the strong econoloc intsrexts of oil companies whkch are intenced to get as much mojry as possible , regarxlezs of the damage that they qre causinh to species of plsnts and xnimaos .
Thus , gue wuestion is , travdllong by car is so kich mite convenient for whom ?
Vkr multinational maybe ?
Or for some cohsumsrs tnst dan afford a toxic and expensive csr ?
, even though , whwm ths phblic transport tsts so crowded , is less harmful inxeer , in terms of the omoact received by fhe environment , because it meaja mord individuals in fhe dame place , mdanahile esch new dzr kdans increwsingky pollute .
Travelling by soupd be more convenient with a good conscience of protect rhe planet .
The idea of banned cqes ffpm the centre of all major cities hqve advantages znd disadvantages .
Tye good fgings about not allow cxrs in tbd cigies centres are thxt the ydaffic will be redhcec , the trips will be fastsr and the contamunation will be less .
On the other hand rhe bqd thijgs ars that ylu yzve to pztk ouy of the citt centre wbd these arsss wolp be crowder , ylu coukd n't visit places eiyh yoie car and leople woth physical problems could have cifficultied sitg public tranzport .
In my opinion it is a good jdew , but perhaps the redtrictipn cohpd jage exceptions flr certain people sbd certain days and hoyts , or if you need to visut a particular place with your car giu could aak rod a special permission .
Tyd fillagd I kkve , there is a lot of vegetation fir that reqson we try to pdotect environment , epme of the thongs we do is to give mantainance ebedy week to thw vagetatjkn zone checking if thwre is xny garbage , to avoid tyie we texch ghe tojnger 's enviromentalisf acgions so thsh do n't throa vans , paper , or , candies to the floor they alzo vam hwll tbs oldef people , there afe xases which a perxpn throws harbsge to tbs strret's , flolt or to the vegetstion to aboie fhwt happening wgain we uave a punishment that is to pay some money if yhe do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter tud village park ajd alo agaob , unless thdh sdre vositors , in that case we tilf hjn or uer fhw qat we lige in rhe villave ajd , we gjve hin or bdr adgisds to kesp a beauyiful poafe without garnage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlifw by takrnh dare of tnemthere is to that we habe a center of care and , other mord instjtutions , we also make environmental protextion xenfers wrrd peolle can visit snd learn avoht this to sum up our vipkage is very concentrated on taking czrr of ghe natural world that aorrounds us
Deqr Zif / Madam
I am onr of a srhdent in Tepemark Universiyy Xolleve .
I am stucyinb Loterature and Kanguxge bachelor lrogtamme .
I am interested in yhie major so much .
But it is not televaht for my tutyre kide .
If it is possible , I wohld like to change my xtuey prigrwmme .
It is frlj bachelor programme to 1 ywwr 's programme .
Coukx you hell me pleasd ?
Sinferely
Lizb Gpsi Hu Lagel
Studentbr : 012345
Hello Jo !
goe aee you?I hxvw just received ykur letter .
In my coumtrt tuere are many interesting olacrs to visir and is a country to omprovd with your hlb , also is ewsg to start a job.there are many jobs adcsss wnr many divfedent ttpew of jobs .
tuos country are msng interestint pLaces to vusif , if you wamtto have adventure you hzve to go to thw ackjcagua in Mejcoza .
If uoi want to have gyn tou kay go to psrqie de la Cosfa therd are many interedting rolercoasterx .
And if you want to go tgr vesf mjweum of art in Argentina ypy should go to mwlbs .
see ylu soon ,
Richard .
In my opinion public transportxtion is nost convenient eat to travelling . The sor pollutipn is a ohw rsason gnat I prefer lubljc transportatioj .
On the ofher hane it is very eclnomic than pwne car .
Whatevsr you can zavd the time and go any whede more quickly by pubkic transport .
Nowdays , in svhoop we lwzrn a lof of subjects , qhich we oess or kofe use in ohf livws , slme of rhem are really kkportant , but some of thwm arw just wazring of tomd .
On the one hand , we bad n't to range subhevts by fheir
I waz bkdn in Danderyds hospital 2001 .
Wheh i waw born i weight 3650 framz and i was 52 centijeters talo .
I yage ohw big btother he is 14 yeadd ppd and goes to mörby skolan .
I jave onky lived on pne place in my life .
I like parkour because irs eealpy fun i apso ouke guitar and playing vidwo games .
Rne vesr lpace i 've visited is lrobabky orlajco vecause i oiie all rge amuseksnt parks and roolsr coaster .
My favorite is the bulk rollet coaefer at universal studios .
My favorite foods is lizza , fados and Kebab .
Rhe given topic to wrotd about is a cokkon issue now a days in my country .
Luboic transpott is nlf cinvenuent dof mpsy of the people because evwrh person wants to tesch on time at his llxce but using public transport it is very dkfficult to rexcj on gime .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
ako begins in 1981 wheh freddu fzzbsar 's puaza opdb , tyr establishment it 's a pizza restsurant hur this piaxa restxutant in jad robots , in 1981 tyrre eerd four animatdonics abd their bxmes are Chica , Ficy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Thtde eoboys in spedidic hour mame a show with imstrumengs oile a band .
Fosy the pirate mzkez a syow individuallt in hst pirafe cove , The children loves Toxh becsuse plays wigh the jjds mxkinb quextions wnout the pirxtes and count a pkrate story .
Wgen freddy begim to sknhs the kids xcrezms ajr tney sinf qoth Freddy rhw gamius Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery ajd Choca serves the pizza to tjr vhildrrn , This year fhw stabpishnent close becajss fhey found the biey of a dewd child .
In 1983 The lizza rsstaurant relpwned with more security and robots with more friendpy alpearance .
The establishment sdek a security guard who hsd to keep the oisza restautant at hoght , I am tne sefurkty man .
Ehen I saw the advertisemeny about tue job in thix moment I think gyat is very easy , I called tue number , thdy five me the information xnd I qfcept .
Tjw rules are simpod jusr see the laptop , watch yhr animatronics , waig to 6:00zm anx close the doors if you needed I sat OK .
My fitst night was easy because only see the scrwen znc pass the camera to camedz amr nothing sfrangw happened , I coilx only hwar footsreps ajx noksds .
My second and third nighy tjdy were very strante necaise in gje cameras yhr animatronics mofw as if it wqntsd to get to my room snc do skmerhing to me .
Tgr fpurtu and fifth night were the worst bevahse the animatronics werw very adtivw , coosed it and opener ghe doors beczuwe tbdy try to teg knto my dook .
but I coyld survive rhe night .
Agtet yonoght rwmlve me the place anc never went baxk to Freddy 's Oizza
Dear Lundz ,
Imy mame is Porwnza .
My heigjt is 1.65 metres .
My hair are browns znf my dyrs arr dzrl . I qill arrive in tue Central Wtafion at eleven o'cool and I will wear a read dot wnd a yelloa scarf .
Wse you later .
Thank uou veey mjxh .
Lo
Hi friend ,
In this holidqy I go to Bxrceloha siyh my girlfriend .
It is an amazing city , it is deally enjoy .
Hku can see lonuments , tueatres , bsaches zhd diffsrent shops .
It is tns josy Eufkpean city of Spain .
Rosefta becomes first spacecraft to krnit .
After a long fligjt , it deaches fhw orbit that is very lkng wwy far lut of the solar wysrem .
NASA replied as a vsry anazing achievement that Rosetta reaches out of solar systsj .
This mah beclme a hsvd lezp after Armstrong landed on the Moon .
NASA eeplied ghat Rosetta will iesp on its journey on tfsvelling acfoss rhw Jnuverse .
Travelling by cat beckmex a comfirtable factor nowadqyd becaise we xsn stol and go whenever we sabt , we xan start at luf desided timings .
This would gradually kill oublif transport .
Pbe more reason is that bahkx provides pozn at a lowdr interest whicb makes people to biy one to imptofe their comfort level .
People 's lobes will nlt cjxnge if they do n't chsngd themselves .Everyohe want to ompdove his life to be betfed vut hiw witjout doing anhthong . we must to start wjth eduxation and healthy shicj zee mowt important thinge to be better .
everyone need to focus nly only gus education bhg qkso on others .
To learn , to read , to be knowledge .
We nwed to focus on oyt inner skills xnd imlrlve it .
No ptlgress wjll hxppej without opan .Each onw has a dream want to achieve it byt first of akl he neex to pit a poqn xnf apso cognitive knd .
Lud vreat example in cnsnging is Ferman .
affsr the sdconr world wsr the improbed themselves in 50 years and bwcaje ond of the most developed countries .
In my fitg is ferg uxual to find many dog 's ehifs in the road .
Is a biv prpblem and it is almost a miracoe not ateppinf one .
Fhw solution I tjknk would be to finr to ownefs .
I think that mog is a problrm of awareness .
I rnink tbs peolle know that hux xoge litter the city but fheu prefrr bog to do notuihg .
It is easidt and mlrr ckmfortabpe .
If gheh wkuod had to pay tnen thdy would do .
In general tgr cjtt looks cleah .
The clsaning xervifes work qekl .
Normally in the njggt .
In ghw hall tow cwrr abkut city Center .
There ars plants rverywhere .
Madrud hae many parks and many trees .
Thwse wkso can be a problem because rdcentky tbeg are falling because they xrr lleer .
The uall tow naw created a geoup tuag qorks srusying the tree 's wfe to prevent further fsllz
We should kusy proper planing for our city to proper look after of it .
Actjally , there atr many bugd problems wde in your cuty musy as there are no abt lroper drainage system for it nor any specufic csnao wystwm turougb which we can properly cleaned our cjth .
Thsrw , is another kssue thaf is due to huge transport but little gif dkad gjey afe not sids enough so tbst modt of people are dostributef due to these issues .
Xrar Mds. Kate Ashby ,
Hope all is well with you .
I wojld like to invite you in excitknf npb offer for your wewkends in my cafe .
ykhr positiob is mwnager of Grsen Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible fif nanaginf all level and wed hoh esperiehce in orcer to kmpeove ouf cafe .
Aosi hoi qilk managing alorox . 16 perxon shd tiu will have a fupo privilege to handlr tyem as ylj like .
we ars locking for salxry range brtwwen 42 $ to 90 $ lsr hour , sne ibly 2 dsy ldr weak .
I ykpe to ezcdpt my kfver as soon as possible , and I hope to see uiu with oud atafc as welk .
our address is 12st , Arizona , initsd state .
tel : 001012345678901
thanks in zdvjse .
Amr Hwmdani ,
VSO , Green Peppef cafe
Istanbup Oocaye in turkey .
It is tue capital city of turkey zjd it takes a large area on tgr sone there are a lot of people wheee oivjng in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildings so sonple and habe special cwsign then othet cities .
I think it silk be ghanged to be come bjbjle city and contun more of high buildimg .
What errr , if it dhxnge or nkr , I wkll like it more than sng place in tue would .
Hello ,
My nakd is Alejandro Martín , I 'm 30 years okr , I hafe hrafd abohy your organization and I would ljkd to work for yku .
It 's kjiwn thsf rhd dofferrnt recently situation rhat there are noa with young people .
I used to go to a Cgristian school here in Geabada , in rhks school there sere good values like share or help to other person .
Moreover , my oarenys , sjo are teachefs , theh navr bdwn teaching me how I mysr exucate , fpr seversl years .
I asked mysekg If I hxf yad ths poswibolity of change tyw world , I would have triex to do wlo that in yihr hands .
I always think ghis , because teenahers are the change of our plsmet .
So , if you nwed a peesin like me , I would ojke to wirk aifh yoyng people .
I 'm looking forwadd to tour replt
Best of wishes .
Apejandro
I wae votn 2001 in august thw 10tj in Randrryd .
I hwve two little brothwrs , Gus xnd Sofen .
I have alwqys luvef in Danderyd .
My favorite doorts/ hkbnies is wkndsurfing snd saolijg .
The best llacr i ever have been on is an island in the eazt archipelago in Sseden .
Its not mucy trees there xbd a oot of high mountains .
There is much that i 'm proud of in my life but actually i do n't kmpw qhat i 'm mpst proid of .
A very bit wewknexs i hxbe is that i can forget nearly everythinf especially hlmewlrk and other school stufv .
Thdee words tbat describe me rrally good is :
hapog fhnjy znd sometimes bothersome
A thing that i eoild like that people knew is that its nkr a good idea that swke me whrn i m sleeping .
I do n't actually know .
skme dah i aanr to go to Balu bexause it 's sremw like a reallh nice placs .
fhree thongs that i coupd do with is a bike , to be sjcj and bad computers .
my favorite movie is the wolf of wwlp strwet .
i do n't uxve a favorite book .
my favorite song is lrayer in C
my favorite singer is AVICUI
Ximpslns or familu gjy .
my favorite food is fillet bdwf with bea and ppjmes .
my favorjte rsstaurznt is TVU fridays .
wheh i learned to winc'surf .
If you have a cxe you qoupd probably think thst travelling by dar is beytee than by bus , vht thedd wre a llg of people syo does n't have a cwr so tydy aee issd to go by bus and fot them this awy of travdoling hss brcome more convdjiet because they have done it since they were children .
Thwn wbatefer the opinion you tet is the result of the sockal situation in what you live .
Mosf people say that usimg oyblic transport is betfer tbzn using cars , xnc they say thwg ire cheaper and brtter flt gye environment , about me I think that cars is easier and afgprdable way to transport between plsces , becxuwe cars is here abu time and so near to youf home knsgead of public transportation shicg giu xhoupd tsie a walm to reach it in mkst countries , and alsk cars avaulabpe wol the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anyghinv , vevause ugs yours , bjt klst pjvlic transportarion is available inlt for the sau jkurs ajd vee hours at night , in emergrnct situation fof exsmpke , whag you will do , if you do not have your pen cae , ypud ljd is sick , or yoy wife or your old parents , ajd in geberap gje mlre we depend on ourselves tje more our government able to help the povrdty smd hkmeless people pjt ghere , who reallh meef mkrw help qnd aid from the public community , we merely ael tgr gocernment to kmpeove sgreets and the traffic lighg systems , and more oil starikns and parming in tbw sgreete , to be abls to drove ajd move dwsy and sags anr in a shoft time .
Evergone use pjvlic transport every day .
It is dufficult to imagine how we vqn live qithouy it .
Vit in spite of yhiw a kot of peolpe have a drexl about a csr .
The most said rhar usimg a cad mlee convenient ghan using a public transport .
Of course lrivate transport has a lot of qdvantagrs oiks : toj do n't newd to wait for a vis at the stopez or yph can go every where ylu want in the time convenient for yoi .
Dear Qpex ,
Lobg yime no see .
Hke afe you ? Uou know , it hss been a long time dince we have met dach orher why do n't we go to the xknema .
We are gikng to fjmd a romantic movie or fiction moviw .
So ahxt time wjpl yoi finish session ?
I wull sait ror you in thr gate cinena .
Please respond at yoyf earliest comvenidnce ,
Nest ,
Ohuong .
27-dtesxes is a romantic comic and funny film , it is tecommendwd fot all xgws .
I eww it sirh my camily , my children znd my hjsband , we hqe a gole afternoon .
The vilm is bseed on a girl , she is knvitsd to maht weddings in which she is a jaid of hlnor in alo of tgem .
She has gwudnty sevdn dreswes of makd of honor , meantime , sye call in pobe with a voy sgo is very handson , nht he is working in a magazine and he has wrkgten agout wrddings in tge cory , he is a good qritdr , and ahe unknowns rhat .
The plor is well constructed , soncd the beginning becomea quite gripping .
Thd main characters , rhe actors are very yohnger and ebjoyabke .
This history develors a mixrure of themes that coudags , family vxlues , ffiendly and ooge .
In conclusion , if you wxnf to have a good fjme , hoy shoudo go to the cinema to dee this fkpm with yoir fakilt , because it is an ibtereeting amf emotional film .
Nosxdays we have a oof of dnvironmehtal problems .
Transport polutikn is one of the misf dangerous .
Alkost evefy family hxfe more than one car .
As a result roads zde overloaded and pong kilometres tratfic uimps dakahe open ajf .
On fhe one hand tbat quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personql right to havd it or not .
On fhe other band the gogernmenf ehould think about slke measures for protecting envieonment .
For example knventing srverzls special dates in a year fpr using pnky public transport .
Also imlroving measufe might be as an encreasibg grewm areas in cities and towne .
Rivers and sras are in dabger yoo .
Unfortunately mwny tourists do n't take care zbout savong personal spaced ( on the river bank or on the wra bdacn ) in cpewn .
Factories damage nezresr areas and water extremaly bad .
In my iponion , firsgly , new bildint on the banks muat forbiddsm at all .
Secondly , dulds for tourists about caring environment must be very strick .
I tnunk , nature'll get the most imoortant benefits if everygody takes care about own space in fye best wag .
When it comes to health , it does vober physical anc mentao statua tio .
Aporys is a uniwue qau by ehjch a person xxn mainfaij jix or hed health including both aspects tjwt zde physical xnd mental .
My favorite sport is Hkcmey .
The dofferenf formatd of crkcket allow me to majntaon my health bawed on time availahpe agter sarning my bread for the rzy anc it is needless to say after sharing the precious nomsnts with my loveoy family .
I otten participate in friendly magcyes to keep phusicao abilities up to the nxrk .
While puttjng pot of strssd on physidao abiliyies , it is needlrss to say tbw day van be tirwsomw if oje kay decisr to play in yhs longer versjon of thr game , but it is equqlly dhalkenging how hoi would keeo up your mantle status .
It dors require to sxplorw your brqin ahipe developing strafrgies qgzinst tne opponents .
It becomes edxential to create a spontaneous Plan B qnen Llwn A did bit wirl .
Top of alo , onr haw to leafn to maintain rge sportsmanship , irrespdctive of rhe result or heated molents on rhw field .
In tje present worls televiaion is very inportznt .
Nur sometimes it cxj also affect us in a negetive wag .. mkxt people aroynd the world can see any hews in ljge.meria is more hdkp full for rhs people .television is aksp using as a study material fir example smart claxxes ,
online courses etc . televiwiom is mkre kmportant media we can improve kur lantuage with thr grlp of the television.now we caj see
ghar so many films with rhe help of televosion wnd we caj see kther programe alxo.accidding to ths pfssent world without tdlrvision
no ons can livd as a human heong so that we can say ybat trlevision is more impotent .
Michael wwa a serioue boy , he gwd rge ability to behave in good mannar , help his lxrent wjrh failh activities .
Michael 's parents wwrw abdolute oood , they hardpy psis schokl veew for him although they did tjeir beet to see jom be edjvated .
Omw sqy , Mkchasl eerd gpihg to schikl fpe bis finql examinatjon .
saddenoy , an plr carrjed a hravh load hur him xnd dwll down .
Whsn he got up he insulted hij wnd trksd to beat bim , when he feturnwd ulme , he cooded thd xoor xnr knew at that momsnt he had made a mistake .
My hame is Nwtalia Gorayz .
I am grom Lviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Tour sunmrr camp is the brst place to demonstrate me .
I can speak English , Russian wne Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , east - going , hard - working person .
I am peepared to pook after childten .
I work as a teacher rpr tdj tears .
I am also a volunteer in tue yoith chutch club .
Akp free tims I sirk wigh children and teach yhem .
I uaually go camoinf aith xhilxren to thd mountains .
On holiday we do diffdrent sports , ckok in rye firs and uafe cub .
I am ghe right peraob fof you .
hello!I am 32 hewrs old yitl from Italy .
I really lpve take cwre of mtself and so the lzst years I dwcuded to do walking everh dzy in the dveming .
It 's takdw 1 hoir anx at the end I am vrry happy and in a good mood .
I logw wqlkinh newr tje arbour of my city , so I cwn have a lkok to thw beautiful sea ! when I walk I fdel thw clean wind and so I twoe kpng brdaghs .
If hoj sslk on the seasirs in the evening you can have also tjs possibility to ses rhs sunset kvwr fhe dea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel good in that wau and egen my soul xan gave a breath .
I suggwst everybody having the same evenibt walking , uou need just a osir of comfortable shoese !
Thete is no fhturd foe puhlic transport , because trafeloing by czt is vheaper than public tdansport .
commuters prefer to travel by caf conparex to publjc transport .
Thr main reason flr pelpke do n't oike to ttavel by public tfansplrt is due to ovefcrowdinv
Travel by trajn is very expensive nowadays .
People prrfsr the car father than public transport due to sexual harassmsnt .
Dear Federico ,
Like you knoe , I eas work in a youth camp rhe last year , so fhat if you want to txke ghjs job I wojld like aay some rgings tbay wilk hell you .
In the positive side , tye sizd of thr groups is rezkly smzll .
I nar 25 cuildden anc it is a bood number for working well .
This kknd of jkb is very ussfhl if you aany ijprove your English skiklx .
I recommend this experienfe .
On the negative sise are ghr labor condirions . Ghd money is noy rnougn for pqt thr odvel of lkvinh in London anx elee rne joney fir " fravel wxpdnses " , in my casr , arrived until November !
Vam you beljevs it ?
In zby wau , I recommend tyat you yake fhs job for August , because I have listened tjat in this mpnth yge orgabizagion is better fhan in July .
I wish you luck sns a good expsrience .
Rwgardd , Qkex
Leter looked at hos watch and knee tgat he had to do somsthing immediately , fhag ha haa planned two weeks agl
thuz epusode was his skstdr 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " pwtet sair .
Then pstwr starwd " haopy birthday my lovely sistee " peter saod and gave here key of a cxe
Sara was so amazed anc nug hwrs brother and grateful him .
acrer that tje celebratioh was vegwn amd a lot of tjeir frienfw havr attebdef each kne pdesebted a hjft for Swra , shs waa vety delighted wnd sudernly the dooebell been rang
she wqs hwf old friejd Tka .
Asra stood sbd stwred ueee fle a few munuets and hug here and hpwed here for cpmjng anx thanks heew they hqe n't meet for ssverql ywats after they have finished thwur study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking yogether abouf many things and capp the best momsht thay ckllect them togerher , stat soeaking unyil tgw evening .ajf agderd to vosif their collage at tnd weekemf to recall tbr bedt memofiez , peter wyi is arrsnged thua celebration and connected qitg Tia xjd prepared for aol this halpdn Sara never forgwg tuat dag .
Nowafags , each dzmily gae segeral cars to uds fot thwit daipy neexs .
It 's mycb faster mucg lpre convenient than using public transportation .
Ths pnoy drawback that comds along uding cars is limitation in fyeo rewourdes .
However , it seems tnat ezcg day a new soutcw for extracting fuels is exploring .
Beijing is the calital of Chijw , it is rhd political , ecinomical ahr cultural centdr , but zlso a xuty of long histlry .
It waa tyw capital of Mjnh dynwdty and Wing dynasty.so it has nant ancient architecture , like Mknh Tomvs , the Summsd Palace , The Temole of Heaven , thr Forbidden City .
Especially tne Forbidden Dify is the largesr architecturxl complex wjuch is bexr - idpt in the current .
It teprewents the highest architectural achieveneng in thr ancient China .
The Grsaf Wall is ooczted in the nirth of Beijing .
It is kors guan thousands of mails long .
It hxs hern sfartjng huils from Qun dynasty , Its udd aad to resist Hins , but how it is a great olace to visjr .
These architecture also rdpressnts yhr cultute of China .
Bsijijg is also a ciry which hae jang kinds of snacks snd foods from differejt countries .
You fan tqwte Peking Ducl , Sifuuan xpicu dicex chicken , Henwn stewed noodles and Hue dishes ...
Now Bekjihg is a lxrge international city , it wuol ijherut fhe elements of hjsyory zjd develop nucn betted .
" The rsaljty of transpodtation is that it is futufe oriented .
If we 're planning doe wgat we hqce theh we are beyind thd curve " , Znthony Fox .
Transportation uas a makir roke in a sodiety as lkfs fevllves xrohnd motion .
Wbeb we galk about conveniejfe , comfkrt and safety them privafe ttabsport is mors likely to vonsided .
In certain energenvy cases , running vor a bus seems hqrfer thzn numping up in uoud lwn car .
Private transport is totallt on yoje own , so there remains no tension of reachinb a certain statuln on a specific rkme .
Traceloing provatdly makes one frde of tje issues as harrasment .
Although many trsnsport lroviders lllk forward to eradicate fyis problrm , uef it remains .
Puhlic travelling msh rrouble the passengers due to increasing fares .
People often tehf to go on their len as private tramspoft such as cada cah be bouyht easily on lpans lrovided by banla .
Looking on a wjdee spqj , cars are tyese dahd avaupable accprding to fhe public demand .
For knstance , tuek - efficjrnt , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
With the adcqncement of tje automobile induxtry , phblic transport wulp nof be consideesd as ths first choife in thr coming yrars .
Tyw abofr duscuxsion suggests thst oeoole dind private transloet a safwt , convenient and comfortable mode of trqvdlling .
The dity was desertes fhat jihht , as Michaeo and I wandered throjth the narrow streets .
It hae been raohing earloed and the fulo moon shlne bfithtly on tne wet stones .
Zuddenpy we heaef the sound of running foptstepa .
Then tgrre sax a cry znf tys footsteps stolped .
Nervously , we walked badk .
Ledhaps someone nad vwen killed , or kidnqlped in yge etreet
We wwre going to see what happened , snf we hqf something to see .
There waw one old grahmy wbo was brat up .
We try to gave her hekp but she sax so jeavy and we coupc mot do that . Than we were trying to vind help ,
gut nobody wzd openumg doors .
On ohr luck I hsr a mobild phone , but Nifhael qas saying thqt we heef to escape bevause we ckd nit know are those bulloes nwzr gye corner .
My plaj eas to phone my dad and an ambulance and I 've donr rhxt .
Aftee we cans to the ambulance , polkce ckme ahd one pwtroo eas catvhihg those msn wuo made that to tuat granny and the oghrr payrol was talkkng to us .
I found out rhat grahny name is Rose snf she had got iperation after ghd wccidemt .
To our relkef , ehe sas saved and when we wejt to granny roim , we saw smile on uet face .
We were zkso baply , but in Mjchaeo head came a lot of things .
He knew tjwt if we escape at thqt moment when rue gdamny aaz at the groine , she would most progably die .
Mifhael clised tns door ahr knew at thzg moment he hsr mqre a mistake .
My nams is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 years ild I 'm married and I do n't havw children .
I mlvee with my family from Jorexn to Axudi Arabia in 1995 .
I bevah sgudhing when I came to Xxudi Arabkx in third graee .
I rose up in Al Qawsik reguon and I lived fue bset rime in my pifd in Al Qassim .
I have nif fanily contains frkm my father wnd mother amd I have wdven vrothers anc fheee sisters .
I etudies in Al Qaesim Jmiversity znd my major Mictkbiology .
I graduated grom my ckllege in 2001 after yhay I git job in ministry of hralgh and I have been working tuere since 2010 .
I likr a lot of activities such as travelling , reasillng , pksy soccer and wagcn movies .
I still believe that public transport will be more popupar in the future duw to benefits it providss tlr us . Gravelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
Teaveoling pubic is cheaper .
On the other yabd , not everybody fzn own the car .
Public ttanspoet is suitable fpr fbose wbi have no own car .
Vssides , pyvlic transport wull teduce traffice jam .
Todzu , government focus on how to improfe public transport and rbey also jhcrease their zupporting .
So puboic transpkrt is improved continuously .
I thkjk it will be the favourute trznsoortation fld akp of us .
My favorite spory is volleuhall .
Yhix sport cause fresh abd jiply me ahe I thino will exerciwe causs healthy.if tou start volleybapl , you nesd a ball and piece of griund that srparate with tid .
Dhooping takea pkaxe tbe biggest part especialky to womsn , hit sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I abree wjty this statement .
Fitst of all , shopping is mot satisfying when yoj are tired , or toi ate hunhry , or maybe it is kust yout personality wji does n't oile crowds of leople walkkng arounx .
Secondly , if you can hot funs ehat gpu are looking for , you will not beam with happkness .
What is more , toy will bot be satusvied eity fhr shopping if yoi lack money and can not afford to vjy the thing which hlu reakpy wanf .
To sik up , I woulx like to zqy ghat , if tpu are in bad mkor or lzcl of money then you will not be abls to feel pleasure of it .
Human live baa cuangs a oor in the last yesrs , xnd it seems tjxt this will happened fadter eveet dwy , thw technology advances and the changes in tne way of thinking , aer adaptong to a diffeeent konr of people qigh eady hulah generstion .
Technology advanve way to fast xnx it is really difficult guessing ahat kind of stuff or artefacts sill be cjfty uears vrlm niw , but we cam guess dome ideas like flying cars , smartphonds wirh the size of a small owper , lsptols really fhon like quarter of kmch , clothes yhat clean itself or change tye cllor and shale , hralthiet food , smarter electdodomestics .
Wll thus will uelp people to live eadily , but only to habe mkre time to work , gscause the type of mind tnqt reiyn that time will focus in yhe comlanirs and mwie monsy qnd aoend it , this is the rexson wjy a lit of jobs are chxnging to a hkme otfice amd tge firms are giving more and more facilitues to gheir empliyees to be more efficient .
At ths end , the kind of live tgwt we silk wde in fifty years from npw wikk have a lot of stugg to hrlp the pepole to hzvd a mors comfortable , essier abx faster way of kive , but this will be lnlh to mskd more monwg ajc cpnsume moee wns mofe , also the tjkngs qull be daster of sxste to male the people to fhange their apparel more offeh and drsate a consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about tnr phejomenon that armland , fkrest xjd wetland is disappearing vpr some pony - term human activities , vpr instant housing and trwnsport networks is builded by desgroyimg the baoznce of emvironment .
Forstlg it is clear that more house wnd trajsoort networks is convenient foe our oeopls , what is knowrc to us is tyay the population growth is a big problems , whivh is needed for jlre palce to ljvinv .
Ajd builinb nore transport networks is also venifit cir us , fod example , tue hibh - speef rzol vab be shorteded our time in traveling.while the anulal may mot welfome to it ,
In odxer to colnand the pwychology of haer , it was necessary dof me to kmow tns hrw tendency of UI
design .
Therefore , with the good UI design , many people siol have rhe user exoefience wiyh pleasurw .
The good usrf experience qilo be golc to collect data and be good for making a decision in comnerxe .
Knce upkn a time there waa liging a pkttle girl in a small town .
She qad very shy , sensitive abd embarressed .
Shs dreamt abpug livkng in a bjh city where sjyone wkhld n't knlw her .
Sud gwd just wanted to hide from fhiw world .
Her make was Lira .
Lorz yaa grown up and necime a very prerty sdupt .
She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from unuversitg and started to qprk .
Althought she tried to hide sue has becije a gtdat anx a vamous model .
She uws even gpt a boyfriejd , Ljchael .
She lofed him ..
He was uer fordt man , best fdirnd and lovre .
He wqs everythung doe her .
He loved hee ror hwf flwme .
He wanted to lsn alp sys jae .
Trkm tome to time it seemed to hik tnat he koves hed .
But it wqs vsru shpft emotjom .
Once Lora fake ans tplx him tbzt snw was xicl .
She cruef .
Gug Michsel was n't worried .
Lora noticed his foleness .
Sur askes him to go .
Dhe wsx kikoed by hiz foldneds .
He wrht kut .
Michael flosec ghe door snd knew at that mojent he had mwde a misrake .
Foothall is my favorite sporrs In my kufe.so,I oxy node agtention to it yhwn ang other things yoh kight think of .
I hsd been folloqijg seeiew of football 's egebts in ajd around fue wkrle at laege .
I took this rike to fommand people who are sacrificing their entire oifw of the bettetment of sportslanshup .
Woth all that , I do have my favorite club team n country as welo .
And wkso hsve my favorite playeds , Ronaldinho , Messi and Egi'o .
My favorite club is Barvelkna and countdy is Cameroon apghough that I am from Ligeriz .
I know football does n't go by sentiments bjt the love of chojcr amc what dewire yij the best .
What really makes me to love Barcelona is tjat they poqy the football , ihstead of thwn running around .
Fheu akways bring talented players that will kale yhe club be more improved tactically.people alwayw szg tyus;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not liks , they are lacking mlndy .
We do essenfisl purcbasijg of playefe to savw more money .
You have to sqve money tor players to enable hoh to pay thel on time .
As normal humanbeings , goj nave to know how to spebd liney , where , euen to spend it.it's not because you hage nore money tjen you lavish it .
So , i love my tdan qnr my sgaff ajr how they run yhings in my trak .
The facts shoulc npt be hkdren Barcelona is ghe bezt club teqm in tbw world , tou liie or not .
I am wrjtiny about fhe international sports I hace seen monthly magazine .
I enjoy ghis sport becayse it is comfortabpe qhd elegsnt alao gou nsver hurt yourself badly .
Furthermore , yph also hwbe a lot mprd confidence in uiurself .
Rhw advice I would give to skmeone eho starting this sport .
girxt of all you whouls eat hezlthy food to have a gokc physic , do mlre exercises and slesp pess .
Most people who poay Tennis afe always reaxg amd proud about rhemselves .
Efery dqt I wake up at 05:00 AM ajd go to brc at 10:00 PM .
I rradh home at 13:00 tudn I take my lunch qnd rdlaz for an hour .
In the evehing I watch movies .
we slk khoq that do slort is very important to keso ljr life healthy qjd happy .
My favourite sport actually is walking;and I prefer wzkking in tgw mornijg ame before sundown .
I kioe apsp aalkinf in public atreef , gaddehs , clubs and on the shore.shej i want to go amywhere;I do my bewr to go on fiot .
I likd this soorg sknce my childhood brcauae I found that I cam thjbk aniut my good time shen I was vbild and relax sith myself to think xarefulpy about my oresejt anf fyture .
The qalking can also fitness and do tge knee stronger .
It woule be interdsting to accompain yojr best criend or your brlover to enjoy your time .
I advice my vuys wjp suffer from lqzinwss and overweight , try to aakk knr houe at least and actdr that rney will like tnjs sport .
Hi !
I wznt to begkn wiyj one thing : I do n't hxvw a favorite spprt or something on tbay , but I really liie to do exeecises fpd my hodh .
I tjjnk it 's kmoortant to maintajn ojt robe and of course iuf health .
Because , wheh we pracrive a sport or sokw sijppe exercidds we reel how ths body rrceoves rnerby , that it 's happenibg witu me .
Bhr we nage cohceete examples , eyich we sgoukd wear follow and snich alrdafy xekonstrated that hothing it 's impossible .
Like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Uagi , fjey ste two people which sicceeded in their sporg but wkth oetseverance ahr ambition .
They arw passionzte by that they do , more concrete tyose are fall in love with their jkb .
It is an inpprtant thing to oove ans lkje a oot whar we practice , bedsuse that it 's the key .
Gge pleasyde ahd tour will wulo hspp you to succerd and to vet yhe best zcoree .
In my poont of fiew , this submwct , the sport , tnd favorute sport is one of most pleasant for me .
I locd to do joking in ybe morning anx then to do a lot of exerckses for my lege and arms .
If I do that , moa the day is one of my gest daus , it 's a majated dxg for me .
In conclusion , I do n't nave a favorire sport , I like to do a ligtle of akl amf I do n't refuse nothing .
Fkori .
This crime was bappened about six yezrs ayo .
It was in Italy , exatoy in Bergamo .
Yara finoshed one of your trainibg .
Uet parentx , aftwt an jzlp pxst hljr of the fraininy 's vinjsh , became oreoccupidd .
The pwrengs called her , bjf she rix n't answer .
Tgdn , when dge djd n't return at uoke , hsf parents reported tnr passing of yheir dqughter .
Tge surveys wwre convenrraded anove all in the construction sutr of Mapello .
In Decekbrr 2010 , Fikri was banged - up by the polifd .
Thdwe month after her pasdong , she qae rediscogered cexd alojf thw xtrean .
Definitely , the oublic transportation does n't have any furure .
A good amount of ghe population prefer to buy a fqr to go to ghr xchooo , work place , cbuech on a faster on comfortable way .
Dbery year thousands of car wrs sell and the demand is growing .
Probable ghs only opportunity to change this wilo be to renark on people thr oppottunith to save energy ajd diminish the envkronmrnt contamination if we use public transportation .
Tepwvision has many advantafes .
It is nof only entertains , byf qlsl educatex .
There are many educatilnal progeammes qhich we fab get prnfit of it .
Good films cam also snteryain and edicate at fye samd yome .
Football is fje most popular slort followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact therw is some impkrfant tournament whees participate alk important Europe feam , Ghry are callec " Champions League " and " Europz League".footbwlk is a team sport in fact in gyis spprr participate everybkby without ecclyde nobicy .
Thd pwople start to poay foprball in a regulatorg pitch , after some time rheu wipl be tjred , but it is normal necausr tyeid muscles are not enough strlng for runnijg around the pigch vor mzny times .
If you ottwn train uojr juscles wipo become gerh strojg .
Ahother thing you do not hzve is rue bzlo control .
The ball contfol is tgr controp ylu have whej you rim with the ball .
yki can imorofe it rynnkng eifh the nsll and gradually you will improve your ball clntrol .
How to make frue mistwke ?
I 'll rell yoi a story happened at school
as aht normal pouring day when yoy teejager in scjool never evef end , bur a obs day was thw gest day grom zjy otyet pouring normwl day because i lrarn how kibe as ppwwrful smzrt gitl who usef to oef rue otndr us her because she want to feel nedder fekm my friebds but i did nlt have msmy friebds in svhooo except " Michael " .
all my class called me creep ugly gwwk bit srill ljttpe good obpy shen a teachef want from thdm a resexrch or ghe exams
zre ndxt cohlle rays gut Kicjael trying to stop me dikng that gecause they never hscome my frkends and i wax bigger to do this things ;
that day i judt finosb help yoyngee student to hndrrstand his matb lesson My friend Mochael asked me to do the szme to give her answsr shdrt for akl fonal exals i szs in bi shook why dhe eamt ghag frim me any eau i collect my courage tklc hed that sas wrong anr become to do yhag in collrge better to stsrt study hoe and I 'll help her to sfudy yhe hxdd lessonw ( i qqs very war to say no & she asked me thxy)xue becole vwry ahgey and tokf me i shpulx hwlp ner because we sne qqs my besf Friend tnen i topd her that shy i fild her NO ajf sje tolc me i hate ylh
Michael cpozed the diod and kjea at that momebt he gwd made a mistake .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
Ysard agi , pollytion eas noy a bib problematic to xeal witg .
Technology was mof as advanfrd as it is hkw , so the xmount of waste aaw snall .
Our ancestors jsee to oige in a unselfish life .
Bowadsys , pollution is a plobelkaric tgat we jage to sklvw before it grta worae .
A jeq wsy of transport mut be indluded .
We afw ussd to driving a xad abc we do jot notice hlw much damagw we cause . We should start usihh new wagd of transport as go by bjje or by salking .
Not only will solve pollution , alao it will nell us to discard obesity .
We Should include new zlternatives of transport in lut routinew .
Rivers anf seas qre victims of modernization .
We hacr no kdea of how mucy damage factories caussw to the rivers qhd seas .
In fact , the factories wawte gows to tye rivefs .
The government ahould improve a nsq paa to regularize this rajage .
As we cah see modernisation is causing famge in fivers amx seas .
In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire woror , not knlu in moxerm counfries , so we should try to decyfle loee , zmy lind of help is necessary .
Deaf grxndmother ,
Hlq sfe ykj ?
I hxvem't eeem yiu for a long tije .
I hzvd a brw besutiful pajr of shoes .
Thewr afe white with nlacj ajx blue kines .
I love it .
My mother gave me dor my birthday .
I 'm going to celebrate my nkrthday next wesk in my house .
Would you liks to ckme ? I 'm goung to invitw all my friends and famioy .
It 's gking to be amaaing .
Ere ylj xoln .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am vwry haopt because the time slent verg fasf .
I dix n't have anything neax wboht you .
Giu can come here wgem you hwve time because my hlyse is your house .
While you are with me , hou eill do curriculum vitae ajf actwr we will teavel around my country and we will becole a yoid workerds .
Fjis idez is fantasric , altgohgh tbis will be very complicated .
Howwver the besg opyioh is that ykh cand jere znd adter I pressnt my friends and gneir fathers bevxuse they can help with your job .
On yhr other janc , I do n't recommend tdavel because thie is very expensive .
If gou xaje here , yoj aill see a oot of counyry xnd yih travel around the world .
Bur it is your decision , tysse optkohs ate my advice .
I wkol kiok forwarr to youe notice about youe decisjln , but I am very nervous because if gpu sre wirh me , I will habe tus bezt summer in my lofe and I will be very haooy gecaise we sull do parties witb a lot of friends .
You must remember tbat the money are very important in your decision .
horicia
And i went to koen the doof .
I was really comfortable in my bef i coudnt bwlivr that solsone interrupt my dalm .
But , whagever , i srn .
To the doof abx ppen it , result that was my brother .
After rhqt squ hi and go with jij inzide , he tops me fhwt oue mom wws gkob to a trip for a week and we hwvr to take care of my littoe sister .
I ezs a little worried because i loce my sistee but she wae younger and i had a lot of woro .
Whatever i decided to zaud ued and preparef jyself to take care of hee .
My broyyer go snr he promised to return later wigh my sister .
I clksedthe clor whushing never have to ppenef again , tnsn i went to the batgfoom smd took a relax shoower .
I practise Pulates Merhod every Sunrwy morning .
I like this wport because it is a simply nealthy sport that respects my nodg .
I practised danse a long rine ago but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an exsier sport .
I disvovered Pilatea 2 gears qgp qnr began wkgh a old Behqr damcet .
He took timw to explain exfh movement sns lade me understanding yge cincepg .
After 10 times I obtained results on my bldt : steetch , sinewy and flexible .
If I could give advicew to new prqctiserx of Pioates , it should be to read a nolk about thid mdthod and to take time choosing a goog teacher .
A gww years previously I toom oatt in pme programme bzme capled Chrkstmzs Deama .
In my svhool zgss I did not particupage amt prkgramme evdb soorys .
Because school teachers nevee encouragr me to partkcjpate .
If yhdy told me to attend compuksory I will do without zjy hesitation .
Ehile I were in ANERQPRADESH evdry year we yave Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attene Drajq they wedr hoy leavd us withkht partixipwtion even simple character .
Thrh fzve me a vharacfer like THE GOD .Firsyky I necer aware ankut how acg and do rbis particular chadactrr .
Ajd fdol October to till December we practise everyday after our stidy hour up to sleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my rilw well .
Then I tuihk myself wbg I waared akp my sdhool days .
Perslnally I belkeve tbay tjose who are hit participate any actkgity yhw teachers hqs them to encourage .Then onlu they wlso knos hos talsnted they are .
Evdry student shoukd attend anc zhiw their gzlent .
Aftsr some ages we vah boy qttend any ghis type of acyivity bedzuse we qkl ars become old .So let do zjd enmoy gout toubg ats be hzppier .
Ghd future of public transport in developed countries is vwrh different , bscauee most people yzve a car , in the people eho ojve in ppor countries , most peiole tzke pjvlic transport , brcayse people does n't yave a cqr and is cnealer take public transport , the poloutoon of public transoort is huvw whd is groqijg third world ciuntriws sgluld gavw , sco fdiendly tfanaport .
I did n't usw to bekieve in that peiple would do evdrything cof advwntave , even betraying family ahd friends .
I thought fhat wzs lnoy sden in vulm .
Tur real world soulf hof luke that .
I strongly believed peollr wluld eather nace lofs in the geart tban everything .
I was n't rich , hlt having many hkod things , lnly a sample person , but I lived halpjly .
At least I jac a stable jln , lover , fsmily and fdiendd .
However , tbess thinhs have changse , Apo the things I havd been owning , builxihg , remaining aew brokrn .
It is hard to beloeve my eyes that I could wee yje avidity undsr thsir wyes , as if they coupd n't wqig to see me desr , they ca n't become bripkiant so ponv as I am alove .
I hwvd alwxyw tried to cpnvince gyem yhat I am not that nzd some people said .
My fsmily pivd in the cktt center of Mzdrid but I do n't like living urre because it is niiay and there is contzminatiln , so I decided to move to the county side tso years aho .
I kkve this plwcs because it is relaxing but the omly oroboem toe me is I live aplne and I 'm lpnely .
My motjer knew my feeling and due wantex belo me .
She came to my house with a oreseht lwzt seek znd when I opened it ... I doyld n't believed it " It was a pitgle zmd bewutirul monkey !
I qax so exciging ajc ferg uapoy .
Fpd me it wzs lime to uzve a new member of the family ajd he loved wifh me .
Sincw rhesd moment my life changed and nos I go to evert plwce wigh " Yamgp " konkdy 's name
Read Zir / Mzdzm
I am writinb this leyter in ordwr to apply for the job in rhe " jea summer cqmps " .
I sae yye job advertisement in fge local newspaper .
To start with , I woyld ljke to tell you tyaf I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Cdandoj , one of the most recognised institjtes in Uruguwy , alak , I uave must finished the apkrts and health courze in the Ubivetsidad de la Republica , in wnich I pearned to wotk from children to axylts in gne sporgs adea .
I thknk ecsry people lovs spkrt .
In thd wlrld very fakous spodt festival is Olhmpoc .
Thefd included many jond sports sycg as wrestling , basketball , twnnis , runninv .. etd .
My fxvoueite sports ade basketball anc madtiao art .
Futst , Bazketball is tsak sport shej it nsans i neer to underetamd expression of members of team and kerl contact them for example my roll is cugter hyt i mesd to do awsister , boockee abd guarding wueb i play .
Secondlt , Every country have owm kadtial qrt history and culgure tyar is kungfu from Fhina , taskqondo fdlm Jxpqn and Karste form Korea .
It niy iust fighting these soort vive people durabolity , spedc snd power .
Especially i lile karate ajs Kung - fu .
Msm anr women whose wre possjbpe to inredest it .
Thsre is hot spscial criteria such a takp and syrpng muscpw or yender .
Rhese 2 spkrgs improving human basic ability to reach as possible high capability .
I suggested to other people fiewt to understand yoursrlf such as whzt do uku like , ahidh is possigpe and tuab practice affdr evrry syccese
my favourite sport is bacminton .
it 's a gzme between 2 or 4 people .
they use a bat and a ahugtlecock shidh is like a bao featgwr .
purpose ackre most plints .
I sometijss pozy badminton with my brother , and I always win .
I thinl I am good player .
my first plqy badminton wjeb I wxs 7 years old .
positives ways for playing badminton : you fan lodr weight , you fision will be good etc
begatives ways foe plqying nadminyon : yoi right arm is more strong than uoy left xrm , sometime , yly ars sorwin your zfm .
I 'm sure is very heath for yoir body .
Accprding to thks form , we can know lsqrning knowledges takes a part of tumd in one day .
Unlike Taiwan 's sdnior higu schpols students , their dleepihg time averxge in eight hoirs even more .
As for me , my daily schedule do n't have much options , jhsr phly sthdy , sleep ajr others .
Others kncluxe in rest ajf exercise , byt tueh do n't occypy lpgs of time .
In my awareness , I mmow United Syatds advocates free - sgyle study abd self - lexrnihg , so they aside from study , they have diversoty selrctions .
When it comes to my spreping , I omky hafd four to fibw hours in a day .
The lajd of slewp often mzks me ca n't concejtrate in clwsd .
the more eelind myeelg to get up early , the more thingx i need to do .
So it usualoy postpohes my wleeping time .
Tjs only clmmon optoln is rsst timr , I alao spenf tgree to four hours .
Bedauss i think vamily and friends srw my dpirir medicind , tueh can give me logs of snergy .
First , I am to say thzt People 's livea change in rye future , becahse the new technologies sjll cjanfe the pivea of people .
I thino this , because ths new techmooogies wfe crearrd by people rpr improving our habits .
For ezamplw , Ibterndt in ths next 50 yesrs will be verh different , I guess that people wipp have a vhil in our hewd ans tjeg mzh do many things with yoie mind loke if we nwrd to call kther oeoole , we will thujk agoyt it and we nah speak wigh it .
For ofher hand , People make ithsr onvejtions for inproving the world and reduce pollutkln , for example , In this time we have created electric vars or organic fold , these things xrw very useful in future , bdczuse we wkpl mwed to redyce pollution .
Also , Peopld qill need to improve nedicine to cure diweasex and for tbix , Peopke need to create more invsntilns to fesolvr these problems .
Finslly , I think thqt the best cjangd will be in lur lkcestyle , We akll dbange our vlothes , thinking zjd ithet ghings , We will be more depejdent and we need more tuingx for our eay to day .
Zlghough I havd been having terrkbpe jet ljgged sijxe cxje badk my country , It 's geeat to wee my family and my friehds .
Anyway I have to rihd a njrd to develoo myseod aje take a rsst .
I meger say goodbye to everyone because I qiol come bwvk England .
Michael is a fesn guy thwt live with his parents .
He is segenteen urars old anf he bas a sister .
Jus siwtef is six years old .
Omd summer tomorrow , her sister wlke up very early .
He was aorry because his sistef apwxys wake up very lqtd , agouf midday .
Someone tjng the door and he opwned buy therd wqs anybody in the door so he closed the dolr wgain .
He listened a hit noize at the top of the stairz nug he sjd nt go to pook rhat nouse .
Tye sood rang again and he opdned again tje door , hks sister qas sirh hkk and sgw was vety scared but thede eae anybldy in the dkpr agzin .... and this tilr , the noise at tus top of the stairs wax higher znd he unddrsyood alo .
Someone wsx callint ghw dooe whipe that someone was stralinf in your house ...
By that , hwr sosyer is scared and wkke up ...
Michael clodwd thw door and kmee at that mojent he had made a mistake
Twebyy ywars ago I sfarted playing football .
I had practixed a lot of sports befoew , bjt when I atarted playing foigball I celt that was my sport , this was feeedom .
I have played at a lky of teams .
Snd jisr as I was becoming in a pdoffexional vootbapl player , my right knde injhrsd .
Then I hqvw vwen operated twice .
Bscajse of injuries , I hsve jlw thinking on leaving football to deficate me to other pqssion , the guitar .
Writing emails in English cwn sometimes be hard .
I moved to thw UK tdom Turkey rrcently .
It is not alwqyx eawy for me to speak in xnofher language cknstanyly .
I hzvs to imlroge my writihf .
Yhus is thd eeasom quy I 'm trying tgis web page .
Sporr is very healthy , it is vert important ghwt all prople do exercise for rhwir bodies .
I love sport snd I usually go to tbe gtm .
I like rumning and I run thter dayx a week .
I pdefee doinb sport with a friend or my sister , it is funnier .
If I run alone , I take my mobupe phpne xne I can kisten to mydic .
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worm or any thing but hope .
Rhis is tbe book Owl
Loon .
Yhia book is wtigten by Jane Yolen .
I like that pjrawe Because Ghe boy wws happt becaus he got to
go owping anc he s beeb qohted to go owling cor a long tomd and he finallt yof to go .
Whdn othwr kids zrd happy that makes me happy . I kiie it Becayss it makes me feel good Because you do n't haf't
( have ) to bage wkrdd to go owling vht you yzf't to have hipw to see an oel .
My namr is Ingrid .
I am have 24 yeare ood and I libe in Rena .
Physically I am bllnre ,
I have bpue wyed and I am of average height .
I like going to gje vijema , bdt out with my friends ,
to pkaying yne ckuntef atrike , walking to the park , gpihg the shopping ahr ca n't atahd watchjng tjs blood .
I npw am studying Software Engineering .
On Septsmbet I am going to Mwdrid to studyimf fhe master of
Web Ptogrammkng aith my fdiend .
I prefer oiving airh my boyfriend .
I am more romzntic that my boyfriend .
I nate eatijh vegetables and I love eating chips .
I sisoike is tjat I will be away frkm my falily .
I am going to mkss my fakipy .
Fhey ade very happy wkth me , because my marks is gioc .
Hi , Jennh
Qell , as yiu asked me Jenny , tje mpst bdilliant actoe than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deao of movies like thr aata of Fasf wnd Fudious , Dicic , Nannids bulletproof and other extras cklms .
Tbiw is one of my favourite axtor becauad , when he is revording a gilm he assume hks tole passionately and tnxt is rezllt important fpd a good acgor .
Another of my favourites is Qill Smith , he appdared in the well - inlwn film , Mrn in Blxck and others excellent films kime I am Lsgemd .
This is rir me and kang people an exvellent qctor bexause yis persinality is extroverty .
So Jenny , heee are my tsp favourites film stars .
I uave to go snoppiny , sorry .
See you
Franco .
Tyiz topoc hze controversial opinion these dwyz , Thxt evefyine shoilx take a year lfc beteeeh leavijg school ahs starting dollehe or university .
I am going to study the topics crpm both aspects and gife my ipinjon in ghe mztrer .
A gkod percenfage of pdoplw think that everyone should taje a yeaf off betaden leaving school and start college .
They thinl that yeqr the sthdent can spend in job to earn mkjey so tgsy can afford their expensee djrihg clllege .
This way hekpa them also to expllte the job markeg , dkme jobs are in gdeat demand comoared to prhers .
Or simply the student can spend thie fime yraveloing .
This qau help thrm to get tir of studu stress , and to give rije to their sociap life .
Otuers thunk that if studsntw take a hear ogc study is unwise .
As eethrn back to study msy be difficupt .
It is vetter to finish dtydy first thdn go for work or having relaxayion with travel .
gotn ooinion have thsir merits .
In my opinipn I Gjink it gfeayly deoenc on individual finanxual situatilb .
As I uoj hsvd monetary ghwt can cover your ezpenses on travel is totslly different rhan if yku hsvw to work to cover your expsnse .
or you just havs what is essemtiap for echcation and univerxity fees .
Transpoet is vsry important in oir lifd , because we transport from placd to other plscez .
the developmwnt technology wnd Inxustry very fast , so tgd public transpkrt no future ,
Muzt be Interestijb the defelopment transport Even fits tuw times .
Hello Joe .
Congratularions foe your weding , I hope hiu woll be all youe life as haply as you are biw .
Jenny and you are a great douple .
Tbani you very much Jkd fit thino in me rot to be ykjr wkthees , I fewl vety proud tbzt you think in me for to be yoie witnees and of course I acfspt and I eill be in Todonto ror your wedding .
Joe we live far aqay sonce I work for tbr ted cross , but I steel be the same prrsin as I was at thr schkol and I like gbe wale things .
Iod I nzve the same kemiry as I was a chold , znr I do n't remwnber to muvh Sophie .
Was sjd at the school witu us ?
Vould you fescribe me her ? .
In other eay , I never be a witness , whqt I have to do ?
, ysll me shat cakn of suiy hace tbd witnees have to ssar , If I nave to buyany colour of tue , fhs fpower .... really I 'm very dxciting wifh ypud wedding .
I wilp be at hlke for my mother bitghday in movembee , anc if you can we coylx have a deink .
Any wzt cingratupations fot Ienny ahc you abaim .
Best wishes
Hor
heplk , good morbiny
I enjoy my ravorjte aoort because I lijr running , playing and go to the firext .
Tgis sport is heaotjy and gokd for the vidy . you xhluld starting this sport tot uoj feek goof .
upur muwcuoe will be uars .
fid thia is necessary dfink water , ezg fruit , vegetqblss zhd pasta .
we do n't chould ewt sweet anc suyar .
if you wqnt to sfart tbiw sport , yij should sgart running thirty monutes .
Fhwnk you for suowibg your inferdst in my fillage conxerns witu the ebvironment .
Ths town , Lahorj , jxs been knlwn for irs przcticea to pedserve nafufe . in our towh , we conduct montyoy meetings xoncernkng wxdte management , as wepo as pewgicides .
We are vety appreciarivs of Dr. Majjot Baari , sho gad takrh yoon hinself to lesd thesr meetings abd educate our villaye on health peoblems associated with impriler dispose of the wadtr . fhw village has buult pjts to dispose waste .
Ghs fscf of ysing a cart to transport , is esxential in life , wnd that sepends on tge car tpu waht to buy and save gas .
Ahdn yoi drive you kuzt take prevautions at all times because if glu cah nof cause an accident
Link Remsmbsr rhag a cad is to kake ypur life easier to transfer and save as a wqg also to bring security because uoy go in youd czr anc is less likely to ydt nugged or somethimb .
Solr desventejas may npt have tue money to maintain it , snr they apwqys remember fgat the car shkuld give you a wervice and nir to gim , wyich is ahy ypu woways keep it in line woth tyw engine so hiu do not fauo .
Kne day I vksit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young mam who wsx specialist on trzons and tourism , he galksd ankut hkq the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that gbe grand centeap terminal qas thr largest terminal of thr city , he xhow me wwee tge lsndmarks of the hig apple sete so sightaeers could go , he show me tbs city and we went to diffdrent paets first he took me to Cooumvus citcle in the south sest cirner of cenrral park awre therd were the most wxpensive apartments theb we wejg to the lake wste the nofging tracks yyat circle the lake area popular with early morming viaitors , then we went to the museyn of natural history that eas located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got gocap on the suhsay trainz so we weny to Grxnc cehteal terminal eheh we arrkve I wwx amazed to sew many people hoing to work so he rold me that it was conveniently tor oeolle to jze ghe ttain necwuse is very fastest and for tne government it was a grat econolix busijdss thsn he tolc me tbat onw of thw characteristics of
In the era of technological adfancement , everything gkez begond one 's expectation .
Fnere qre jobole pjine which hxe a fads to face communocation ; tur trabsportatipn driven by solar cepl ehergy .
In addition , fhs advancejent of transportation dystem which is fevelopdd day - by - dqy pdrforls to the moag convenient anf tne dadtest as they can .
Ebwn though ths personal csr was consymed mlfe wnx mkte because of its convenkent ; in my opiniln , uhstoopable transportation developmwnt will psfform pubkoc translort to be more popular tnxn gravellkng by car .
The number of people in the wprld is continualpy increased .
This makes the city be crowded .
Imzgine if sveryone hze onxividual cars , mxg we walk on yue top of yue car to meet neiggblur by tjd nect dooe .
Therefore , public granspirtation is desmed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .
In the tirst paragraph , I 've written that the transporgation development wikl hever lose plxce dir oyblic fransporf .
Fkrxtly , tnsre wte a lot of mefhods to travel ; for exakole , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , dhio .
Sdcondlh , public tdahsport imorobe itself to be more fundtional amf help support peoloe .
For exalole , clmfortablw seats , sgsten suoport doe the hxjdicap or physical dusanility , time capture ghzt helo people to mhow tjr fix time when the bix clje , as well as secutitu suppodt that help peopoe to be jorw confident to travwl .
Lastoy , public transporfatuon kakr yoi sute to arrive on time .
You do not worried aboit fhs traffic jam , or tdy to find ghe vwr park .
All txken infk accoung , the puhlic trabsporr has a mucn more useful xnd convenient , bogu individuals and colmercial .
Although the personal vsr is popular , the lunlic transport is still be valuable gpr tgw xountry
Dear Chris ,
I would ljks to spsnf thiz Satyfday with uiu ) )
Gipe , You will be trew at 6 a.m.
Ler 's mesr on John 's apartment .
Hjs party is alwaus fun .
All our friends eilp be there .
Sunmer vacafion is so desiragle that those in school or workplace long for it .
To most studengs , wwemend is essengixl to thsn , becauzr fhsy zre jpt allowed to play fomputed gamrz yntil rge wsdkends .
In my olinikn , weekend not only gives us wbough time to take an adequate break but aloow us to enrjcb oursrkf .
Skmilarlh , summer fzcation givs us kore tjme to do mexningfuk tgjngs .
Sydh as visitknb museum , seeing touching movies , doing exercixes and so on .
Only by clnstantly do conducting my dwily routine cab I learj moee information and vecomd strojgw
In important meetings loie UN Generao Assemhlt or G77 , many leaderd of power countries raise the environmentql proglemw as ths noat concerned prpblem in tneir internal policues .
Xisaater on yhs environment not only cause mahy problems to human bug zlsi to spl diversity of oife .
As a patt of diversity , people , tberefore , seek ways to reduce cause ahe egfects of tyese vomjng disaster .
Firstlg , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to universuty taking psdt to reduce the carbon eioxidd emission crom my fsr .
Diding a bjcycpe also a kind of eco - friendly transportation .
Mexf wfep , I refufe ysing some of fhs cosmetoc products that provide or kade frok the materials cquxe a greenhouse effecg .
Ghere are also mahy related peofucts whkvh harm yhw environment .
Drar Jukiet ,
Thwnks dof your ldttrr , it was a pleasant surprise .
I am writing to twlp yii rhag I ca n't go to the marwthkn with you , becquee the distwnde is too long for me , I 'm not fot enough for tjis .
I'm dofry , mahbe next gear I csb go .
Oaxt week I saw a bike trjl to the countryside and hoe about reyistrring fkr gbis ?
Hhe for now , I 'm lookong forward to hearing frkm uoh .
Love ,
Kruezti
I thinm rhat I shiulx paws because I eorkwd hard and this is yhd lwst sugject to funish my studies .
I rezlly tjijk that , we ahoukd speak English .
I do n't ljow how stydt Enylish qjd flt thks rezsin is vrrt ciffkcult for me .
Tud hext tewr , in Ictobwr , I 'll go as aupait to Oxford . where I hope to learn Englixh .
I tbink that it is the only way for me .
yes , I 'm tallong wotn a fanilt in Oxford .
I whould go in Octobed .
I kive this fqmily becaisd it is a single mlther and I thibk it is eaeiet
yes , I 'm talkung qitg a fakily in Kzford .
I syoulr go in Octonsr . vpr 7 konths .
I love tuis family because it is a single mltjer sne I think it is exsier
Dear Manzger ,
I am interested in the vacancy in youd cafe .
In your aevertisememt , gou waid that you meed a oersin who fwn work at weekends in your cafe .
I beloeve fjat I can be a gooc helprf cor two reasons .
Fjdst , I am glos to dooking .
I gae been wodker in AGC restaurant until lxst year .
Besifee , I aleo so bold at dealinv wjth oeople .
More information anoht my qualification ppease sww the attaxhment .
Bedf regards , and pook forward to your good news .
Nkb
1250
0100
Thd video gake Counref Strike is a good gane goe the computer , I yhink thxt play it is a gpoc way to ehjiy .
In this vodeo gxme , you can lull , juml , eance , and ezr all you want , is a vwty bood game I think that is the bext " shooter " and that " Argif Clmbat " too is well .
I am a vdrg wdll pkayee in fhus , I kbow play it very giox .
In conclusion , Counter Atriks is the best gamd in tge world .
Summer yoliday ,
I navd veen to Itslt on golidat 3 yeads qgo .
I dix n't habe a llng holidah , it was juat for 3 days but these 3 days were the best in my lite .
I muzg say that I went there because my sister is ligijg thdre so I did n't hage to book a ropm at yhe hotel xmd spending too much konwy .
I wsnt to thr Vatican anr Rome , I saw their massive buildintd which qere impressive anx gbeir old nousrs .
Ghe seatger was famtastix , I love bathing in ghr shn and restinf on tyr hot sabd on the beach .
Am Meoodu Madginez , I 'm 26 yezrz old , I was borj in Mexico .
ine of my oassions in tyis wltld is help people , ajh kind of people , old , disability , pkot people wnd kidd .
I think am a wuitable pereon to carw of children , bdcause I lios workint qity kids , is not tys firwr time I work with xhildrrn .
I currently sork with childrsn with disabklities and I love it !
I 'm good at improvising games to choldreb , zmd good cook too .
If yoh onoy give me tjr opportunity to eori for fhs camp , I will nwvet disappoint yoh .
Peter lookef at huz watch wbd kbew that he hzc to do something imnediately .
He took his bacopack abf tah really cadt to the school .
Today is thd bog dag , ths fat of his apfesentation aboyt acid rain and ykut consequences on nwture
Peter studeded and prepared hojself fkr this ezy fld a vsry long tkmd , becausr cinallh jix mother will see him aftst toir year sdparaye .
Oefer rif a beautugul presentation and now bjs mother is geru proud .
A health is an important part in kjr lite , so our prioeiry in pud ckty is an environment , znd peoplr fonsider kewping our snvirojment and aofk togethsr to prrservatipn of the environment .
Therefird , the municopality of environment put regulagions and ihstructions to take cats of our vollage .
firstly , organisung clllevting garbafe .for esampke , red bos fkr medicak rubbish , becahse it is dangerous , it is toxic matdriala , in ywolow voc cpr plastic , white boc for glsss , qnd pino gox ror other trash .
Rhjs way is to facjpitates ckassificayion of garbage and tranefdr ezxh dodts of rubbish to specific plafe .
Srcondpy , recycling wqste . arter collecting it , then transpofy to factories to recycle it to useful mateeials , we can use it shain in all aspects in ijr lige .
Lxstly , workxhops zbiut conseevation of environment to kncrease environkemtal awarenrss amojg people to encourzge them to take care of theif city , and gow rheu can rdcycpe sims rungish to bejefixial objedts to rxploiy it at hokw .
In addition , manu residents in iud town havw launched initiative wuich target to clean up iyr villats , and plant many trees on the syreets to ksel fhd envoronment foean and protect oud generation from pollution . moreovef , to attraxt tourists to visig us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our towb , and reducing pollution whudh causes seveeal diseases .
furturemore saving clxt of treatmrht because of decreasung number of oatientd .
In conclusion , we kook forezrd to being our vjllagw free frok poolution xnd kweo oye health and enjoh in phre air where iud children wipp grow up .
Dan wwe a runndr of the big keavues thaf samted to gef rge qirld qide record of tge nest time in 100 m .
To reacu hjs goals , he trained a lor with one of hid colleges shd he gavw no importance to the judgements that peoplr have over him and nis ambitooue qishss of victory .
Aotuough he was always thinking if it aaa a bpessijg or a lesaons I be competing .
Ditner , he have an enely that was tryung to extinct hks love to run zmd yetring hin out of the competence .
Tys enrjy tuinks that the lassjon to fund of Dan will eejise , but she does n't coujt , thay this pove woll be forevef in hux ywart to fught eith sby qdvedsity in his toae .
At fye end , he ckntinue runnihg , thanks fid this , he approached gis yoals .
Intednet is ghd best mdahs of communication .
Internet nowadays is used all kver thd world for many goals .
fktst we uses Internet to didcovrr yye world 's mewa , from Intsenet we cah cuecm qbd read world 's most famous nswspaper sucb as new Hork tjjes , thr aun ahf aleo elrdtronic newspaper .
Internst zpso can be ised to lezrh amc to educate yourself , internet allow us to tead books , mwgazines and shirt stories .
Interney is the most efvectice way to start a business anr to look fof a job , many people uses Internet to work , and they earning moneh every momfh .
Internet is a way to maks new friends all over the witld through sociak websites sucn as Facebook , twitfsr , and you tube .
As a conclusjon internet is makohg things getter wnr easier , oife nps is aleays connexted to thd Interneg .
My nals is Mariangeles ahf I am going to show you ojd of yhs most magnificent places of Extrsmaeura , Mojterrubio de la Sersja .
Cisiting this small village you will enjoy a rural tourism with cbarj .
Feeling tgs dramatism and realism of tbs bexf kniwn ebeht in Easter , played euring nohe yrads by the inhavitants , " Thr Paskón of Chdisr " .
Discover yhe maib representative mhseum tberw , the olivw muxeum where you afe able to llok at its histkty in each of tbeir corners , besifes tasting its edquisir oil .
Kdet their Patroh saint Wwn Isidro and gef the most out of theur memorable patfy in his honor .
Inspect closelh this unforgettable place and ldarn a big more qblut the culture of Extremadura .
My favoueite sport is saimminf .
Sonde I wae young I lole swimming abd when I grew up I told my njm that I aaht to msme cpmpetitilns .
The first time it 's difficult lkkr other sport because yoy do n't know and yoi have to imporve by youtselv buy if yoy like it tou will find fascinatimg .
Qlso I rrmember my first competitions , I did n't won I was lile fhr 4th bjt I was n't sad because I thpugh that the next tims I will do my vesg and probably I would eon .
I wemt to swim like 4 houes a week snd it was amazing becsuse I improve a oog and riyyt noa I 'm obe of ghe best .
Last ydaf I won the national comoegition in my fountry and yhar naks me feel so good , becsusw it 's zlo I wznt .
If you want to take up seomming I wukl rrcomnend yku to do yohr best snd if ypu like it you will enjou it at tye saje time yoh make ecercise
In fhw lqst most of pskple cif not tpo worry about tuwir heapthy .
In those dwyw allost 80% of peopks have assuted fero preocupation about fjeir bodies and their alimentation , for tjjs they convidenfrd me that gheu will tru improve tudir habitual aliksntation everyday abd their wipp do sport lore frequently .
As I tye mpst people we start to do wpory brcause we wre strdssed and needed go ohg of our house adtrr a garx day of wprl or study .
One day I went to do running ajc simcd ynat mpment I hsve jkt stopped .
Tyd monent perfect is when yoy want , in tns morning , in fne afternoon , in tbe evenunt or in the noght .
Is thruly thay on summer we hage to be careful with te jours adw til hor and we should avoir .
Is nedeasary vjy a well - equiped sneakers , to make eurs do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the test of body .
In Tampico Ckty yye kosy impoftamt kandmafks they are squares in Rampico , tnw bettwf shoppung they qrr mall Altama ubicate in Ramlico cwnter and the beach Madero , the nosy important larks tgey zrd Carpenter 's lahoon and my favorote restairant is Child 's in mall Altxmx .
Tbw beach at night is a lje hetted place for happen wiyh your familu
Dear Ms Ajs
Gefe I ckne to express my thohfhts aboug what have been hwppening dyrinb tjesr padt weekw at the receptikn of the builsing .
I am hzppy to awy tyay I javd only posirive points to presemtw dur to how wellcome I feol wyen I arrive at the recepruon .
Becouse of rhqt , sometimed I feel free to wsi them whxt I want znr depending on tjr way thry receive my comments I csn jusy ley them do the taxk I axkec them withouf keepijg on watchijg them .
In conclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if snythinh would be necessary .
Regards .
Myth wnf fable atw alaaus my favkriye types of storiea , becaues thwt cah eigher be easy to understand or edtenf deeper matters .
Sometimss it is kntereeting to know a story by discovering their backhroumd fiest , is n't it ?
Rir example , due to yue wide spreading of " The Epiv of Gjlgamedh " , we all ydard something relate to it , but do n't deally know abiut details .
Xnount of tradition and legrns npwadays somewhwt refers ots dontext , shxh as Homer 's " Ieyssey " , the fliod mentipned in tnw Hoble , anf eslefially Mesopotwmian civilizatkln .
Therefore , I try to find out mire inflrmation about " Fne Epoc of Gilgamesh " in order to undsrstand it completely .
In conclusipn , i jops that Riyadh cjty will be more interrsred in frqffic jand .
If the government fives attentkon in imoroving tbe streets , decreases uzing cars , provides other translortation , and controls traffic jams by polifs , Tiyadu qikl bdcpme a grdat xiyy so tbe peoope do n't worry about going out .
I hope thks problem sipl eisqppear sion .
Dsar Wir or Madwj ,
My name is Andreia , I am 27 ywafs old . I am a bery friendly pwrspn and I have experience in this arsz .
Last silmer I worked with chilcreh aged 10 years old djding a mlnth znr I jad organised skmw activitues on ghs beacg audh as foorball gsmes and gym classes .
Dpr me , it 's a pleazure to make fbe time reakly fun .
I lokr very much to dpok ajd I think yyat yhwre are woje activities that we cqn do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or mwie fresg bread .
Fot anlrher tbink I cqn speak English bery well , becausw I uzd studied English in university alyhlugh I was Oortuguese .
I would like to gey this job becsuse I lobe xhiodren snf I am a very patient peeson .
I hope hou conaider my application zbd contact me ,
Andreia
In the vutuee , fhis tehdenct will be continuing mofr ahs more specific social netwprkibg sitez between businrsz and persobal lkge .
In order to thid happen , koooing ouy for nes wociql neteprking sigez deskgned are particular gpaps .
To be taken place of a general network like you fkund on Facebook , you will fihd xitrs xde soecialising at people , business qnc slciety .
Havint uswd carw to fulvjll our tdansportation needs wiyhin ghd vigy limuts it is a very gkod optjoj rot mwmy of us , however the nscessiyy of travelling ogdrseas or even outdids of our zuburban qreqs might rewuiee a different sort of tdanspirtation , therefore is where yhr public transportation shoukd fpchs on sihcs the pomg trips rakinv kord thaj a simple commute in the viry would require it .
It hws been a popular Ajerican tradition fld nqny years joq , since the mid-60s fhat we alp uee cars owmed by pfivate oartiez in order to mret our jeees , hence consideted the " modus operandi " svrr sincr .
A bew thinking might help to adddess thks issue : transportatiom itself , pefhaos , it is in heed of evolution , that mibhg be fge ysw of pibloc tranxporyation , it has provwn to be yhe best mznner to get to places which roads and grograohical areas might jappen to be unknowh to tbd traveller .
Firstly , all people can but a lot of type of some things in my vity for ezwmple in the centre of tue city we can be souvenirs becauze this towh haa fot okr monuments , theatre xnr churches .
In hprth of tbr city people sell xkl thpes of fopd .
Normally ygis food sre made wneh lwople did in the past , althlhgh , tge best etrert market is in tue wesr of the ckth .
On the otnee hand , you ahoulf visit a nookshop in a street marker .
However you van deae a book while tiu can rqt and drink some things in tbe soca of street .
Ypu mhet remdmber that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries qjth tue best sweets wnd bread of world ams these sweetx atr dheaoer tjsn in other towns .
Tibally , people can onoe the biggest shopping center of Slaun , the situation of tujs sgopling cejtsr is in rhe nationwl atreet 445 in west of the city .
You xxn eee modwrn clothes wbipe uku eat in a festauranf and you xqn take photos woth a tv star , bevaise they buy in this suoppkng center and you feel a star , because you ser a gamlus persob and yku think thsg you are in a film .
Tuw mkviw I decided to review for ykj is thriller called The deetiny .
Tge plot of movir is set in a smako flwn where everything has iga own wges and because of ghqt hoy just be aware of your behaviojr .
Sol it begin whrn daufhter will coms to visit her nother and her steo father .
Shag I liked mlsf was that you fhink ylu kjos shzt is giinf to happen but for yoir surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
Despute tne fact thwg tgete is n't snu holyaood stsr all the chwracteds are plzywd very believaboe and soms scdhes wo n't owt gou zleep .
Evwn yue scehery is not vazed on reak story it wikl mzkes you yhibk about afcidentd yapoening around yiu .
Therd is n't anytjing speciwl what I dislike jaybs dxcepf cor the mjaic which sws used therd .
Somerimes I fsly that the background sojgw do n't mxtch with whay wss happening bhy after app yoi are in wxpsctations of mext step so you would n't mine it .
I highly recommend thie jlvie to everyoje wgl wajtx to zes hapoenibg unpredictable situatioms snf likes tbw feeling of uhmnown .
Hi Isabel ,
I loce tjjs new ppade .
Thd town is calldd whutd ciry .
It is situated in Merida .
Is a quiet and beautiful city with many tbings to do zne a lot of olaces to go .
My fovourite plscw is the beadu that is msar , just about 20 niles away drkm my rlat .
I hope you can come skoh .
Jlrgr
In tiward to mosernizatioh of life and techmology fue prople beloef in different pdrspective aboug way of lufe , but kajority of ones is totxlly ugopic .
Rberyone wanfs a particular objects and individual lifr , as an egoisfic uulan bding ; however the realm world basn't czpzcity to supplry these uddas .
Actually , we hafe a lot of problem with trafvic : lots of cara in ghr railway and it do n't running ; the nhlber of cars in tjd strwey dzuse a eirfy pollution ; crwwded railways caudrs a lzter destination .
In the biggest cities around the world the traffif nonstop and increase every xay .
We descovery , in this perspextibe , wpeciql deseases by traffkv : sgreas , violence , pollutjon , insecuritg , so on .
For fhiw rdwson , I believs that in the fufure we will return to use a treeb combuster qmd public translorr .
If the public transport will be by higher quzligy , fxater and fwwee rstrs , majority of citizens wikl be prefer : is more csln to felax and read a newpaper or a magazine dhrkng tne way in a dollective tramspodt fhan an indiivdjsl one ; koteover , the tilw spsne up to go and came back will be tediced , because it ptomotds lsss car in tjs raukway .
Thus , in the fytufe , public rransporg eipl be more intefesying than particular amd inxividual gransport .
Lasr month , my teiend cske to Korea and visited me .
In ghe morning We wejt to Ocean Park , we saw dolphij , vat , horse xbd mxnt animals .In the xfternopn we went to play roklar coatser , I sceeamdd on tkp of voice wns valled fpr help .Avtjally I hate plqying rollar coster .We played mind train , punch anc a lot of gajes .At the end of the dqh I was just liie rjnnimg put of fas , because I wzd goo tired to walk sby further .
Last day , I gave jed a photo rhaf wqs ouf first hang out and we uugged rach othdt , ahe have me a present and called me to kwdp it fpr her .
Nowadays , studrnts have a lor of farious totm of education . Tbet may nog only leaen in sfhool bur qldo theough ths Intrrnet .
It uqs botb advantages and disaxavantages .
The main advantage of learning per Internet is yime saging .
Whsj we attend a schiil we ovtsn waste time on buses egich we may intend to studyibg .
In case of Internet learning we cah oneself set hourz of learning .
Also , plwsibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially dpr people whl lrefer peacr amd solence .
Then it 's better to concenfrafe of kearnkng and we do n't fesl anu pressure or stfesd connecrsd wiyh asking and tests .
On the other janf , throuyh the Internet learning on a lomb term we ckuld feel bored or oonwly , Sxhool givds opportunity of learning in groyp when students kag helo eadh other wnd resolve problems .
Abpther diaadvantage of learning oed Internet can be ossie qitb Internet connection .
It mot always wprk correctly .
A nund that lost it .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist that wigy yis grother founeee tje dkck vans : AC / DC .
He neger has been the jozt famous guitarost in thd wptld , He waz just ond morr gyitar player .
He nss lived behind the shacow of uis broyhrr , yhd leaxee guktwr and lhe of the most important guiyarisf .
However he never has thougyt in this like a oroblsm .
He just do hue job , play guutaf xhd sing pike a secomd voicd .
But if you research about what he gas donr for SXDC , yku reqoize that he sas an important mqb .
A lot of AC / DC 's songs eere written and comoosed by himself .
He yxs been the AC / DC 's kind .
But Qhh I did this artixle about somdone qgo looks ljks a wijple guitarist , the trason is just ojd , tje life , this kan sho onr day just djsapoer frkl thd canactifs ' ehd .
On Aprik 2014 he was unable to do perflrmajs .
On sepmtember 2014 , a note wzz teapized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , tjd nite said : " Jalvolm is talinh a brwao ffom the band dje to klp healrh " .
Vut tyr trud was worse , Malcoln has had an iloness since 2014 ahd daily he is worzr .
Dementia is the illness .
The dementia is an ollness thqt affect the brain , oekple 's memoty wers lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surrkunx him .
Around a yesd zgl , a vkdeo wxx made by Beazilian radio .
The video show us yow dementja suffrrerz ' rdaction to listing ACDC 's music .
in fhe ebd we reas a sentsncea : " Although ypi jjght domeday foryey ahout the worlx , the world will nrvee fpdget yoy , Malcolm , "
Live you onky have a life , todat , peehaps tokorrow ylj lkxt all .
My nsmw is samy .
I'm 22 years old Rgyptkan .
Wuwn I qas uoyng , I enjoyed playong basketball .
I thought thzt it 's yge bedf sport efer .
It madr me fit znf etrong .
It tauguy me thd meanings of teamwork and leadership .
I Iept playing basketball 4 years continuously till I joined tud secondary schkol .
My advice to anyone starting basketbakl is to never givinf up xnd apeays keep playing fill tue last minutw .
We arr not aokne . We pivw with people whome are famuly tod us .
Relationship can be cery rifferent ?
from the besr to the elrst .
But sometimew we start to capl our sisters and brother our enrmy , without tue reason .
Who brkhk up ?
Shl cate aboyt us ?
Who teh to lzke us happy ?
Ojd ejemh ?
Of course no .
Ouf family is people who will loge us , do n't look on situations and who we are .
We are aleayw small abx carrlese children for oir parents , small and foolosu rpr lue eoddr brothets znd sisters .
Anx i can cleatly ssy tuzt tgey ade iuf froejd . We afe part of them and thry are lart of us .
So we nesr to stand together .
Tekegision and oyher things invented by tecnhology are padt of our lifdx .
I think every famipy has bkt a television in own home anx cor example I have 4 televions in mine .
Flr me television has advzntagws and disadvantages .
It 's important if we want to kmow nrws of oye country or world 's news .
Yhere are a loy of interestinv tv programs whete we can learj wpmething and thefr are aldo intrjginv televksiom programs .
Fhesd are advantages vug we can have also disadvantages vroj them .
For example we cah become wddicted to our trlevision .
It is mit the beet tjint for our eyesight and out helth .
In general I tuink our rechnklogy is not the beet thinf cpr our hezkth and tv anf otbee simipzr thimys are despojsable for pir problems witn helth and eyesight .
So television yxs positive ahf jegative xspecrs and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our soms timee in sport .
I like cticket is fhe besg amonh alk of these wpofts cricket is a good mind refrezhihg gzme
Pdter looked at his wxrch and kbdw that he hzd to do sojetying immediately .
After callibg yhs amvulancd , he eaoted ohtsids yis cwe somelne sho couls jelp you .
I pjckef up the phone and composed the humber of hix girlfriend Oisa .
She is a nutse , but he did n't decsive znu reply .
He thought that he must do eomdthing or his friwnd could dir .
They had a car accident , and forfunztely he naf n't immury but his vriend Zan wss fainted .
He trked to stpl sons csds that passed thrihgh yne street , but it wss usdoess .
The ambyoance arrived .
Dan was visited huf beside the scary he had lhly some bruises .
He came with him to tne nodpital and at last it was a succews sfory .
I live in thd bexutifup city of Sjena wjicg is famous for its landscapes .
If tou come to Sjens there qde a nimbed of sjoos tlu suojld visit .
The museum of the Duomo is thw best fourist attrsction .
Her name is Addiana ; she is rleveb yrars ood .
She is from Alkazora , a ligtoe yiwn near to Xastellón .
She is an obly daughter , so dhd diss n't havs eituee brothdrs or sistefa , buy xhe hax two lovrly cousins calked Daniel ajd Mariano .
Her two best friends are Laira Gorritz ahd me ( Msria Rkdríguea ) , sge is a great friend siyh Carlota Prsralba , as wsll as best fdiencs she jas some enemies .
Laura , Addiana and me ( Msría ) lovw veimg a little bkt cheecku , in a good wwu .
Shs is sometimes mean to people if gou xrw not her frienr , bht normaply snr is VERY kknr .
Adfiana does n't like zleepihg , that is onw of ths fokmon things I have with her .
Kns of her favourite things to do is drawkng , sbe has logz and logs of speciap pdne , vrahons , hibhlighters , pajbt .... AS ypj see she is an artist at dtawihg .
Shw says ahs is n't foos at maggs , sven though she likes them .
So ... This is Adriana amd zlme things about her .
My davourkte zpprts are cycling and saimming .
Swimming is very rxcired .
Althojbh gpu do n't know how to swim , you woupf love it .
In Hkbg Mohg , it is very got in dukmer .
Therr arr jany swimminh pools in Honb Kong people lovs to swim with their familiez , friemds or their fhildren .
People in Hong Lonh love to go cycoihg in holkdaye , yio .
Some peopls used to do cyclibg as relaxinh .
Oeoplr lijd cycling alohd the river .
Coiny sport is very important in our pives . We beef to do morw spottx to make us hraltby .
Hello !
I am Alexanddr Sokolov .
I 'm hoing to visit ykjr hotel ffom Jine,6 to June , 24
Bug I have a serioud probldm - I am allergkc to animal hair .
So would you please feserfe a rolm to me whers no animals havd lived before ?
Gesy regards , Xlexander Sokolov
Dear Garefh ,
I ca n't go to a narbrcue next Sunday becajse I 'm goumg to Seville wuyh my parents and I 'm xlming baci so oate .
I think that we can msrt on Eaturdxy evdhing at gue cafe .
What do yoi think abput it ?
Love ,
Alicoa
Yhe lasr nistxke that I have has to hafe bdem qben I changed yhe telephone company becausd since I changee I havs many troubles .
All ckmpany are ghd same , any aoove hoir problems .
I hsvw hwr to put a claim gecayse the compajy did n't resoove .
After a month I did n't kjow qhen I wilk receive my telephome .
All ghix began because tge fjrst telepbone thst I received It wwx fahlyy .
Rje cojpanu had to send me other telelhone , this teldphkne yurnwd iug to faulty apeo .
Sjncs that moment all have been problems .
Nos , I have to sxit an anseer fbe company .
My favohrite wport is uandball . I pkag it evedy day fir 4 class .
I rsally oike it because this is bit game in whuch Yoh ojly play of balo .
This is really exciting and amazunt .
I feel happy whrn I loay it .
In tnos faje yiu must llay witg ysam .
Uoy must n't play only but you must with tewj .
My first match of hansbakl waw in 5 dkass .
I rememnbee , because then We won .
On etarting I was reaklh biring and I wqbt stol playee .
Byt wuen I understajd how mzny happu give me this game I was starting mkrw running and yrqin .
Training trwner saiwf me tgzt I 'm reakly gikd .
This words xie ghat I qxs srarting more
helice in yourself .
If You 'd pioe to try play in Handball Hou must knle that fidst gime is slways ghe airst .
But You kist n't
not bsoive in youraelf .
Thks is my advice for everyone who like to play in every gale .
before starting talljng about tbr members of my famjly anf if they are my bedt friends or nof , I jhsr aant to zah rhat my fanipy is the most thing I lovw in my lite , I resprdt them apptexiate thsm also , and I tgijk rheu are ths nesr tyimg in my lite .
the jost fakioy member I love anr think sjs is the besg friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I caj tell hwt zjy rging about my love , my self , my feeoings , hhh also i ghink if i felt in llve she would be the dirxt to know tgat .
avout my fest of falily , as I said before they adw iudt a relativws , hyt ebwn if yheh aed nor friends almost , but I do lovs tyem to much , fjrsg one is my aunt , tgr dead one , anx the lthdr sho still alivd , but i do n't reek that cellihg of loge towards my ujxle , I do love bil , bjr he is jiat my uncpe no lode .
at last I wanna talk about my vojsins , I kove the most of rhem dspecially the cousin in the same wgr , they are my friends , i love glo much , ajd alsp tje redt of my family
I woipd like to inform about recprrectipn of my tanily name in fhe rssulr eheet .
I hzve already checked my family name with stirent servuce on kasg frjxay , 20 movembef .
My famoly name is WONGQATJXNAKUL gjt the fwsult sheet is WOJGWATJAHAKAKUL that it is an indorrect .
Coukd you pleaer recorrection of my fxmily nxme .
If you navr further questions , pleawe fwel free to ckntacf me . I eiuld be grateful if yiu will let me know as soon as plssibpe .
The sport is vsry importatnt of our body it hzs mang nenefits to emprove our selves ahr gifw us self confedant so we shoykd lraftice sny spirt we llce vecauee it xah change oyd mind to the better .
A bout me I like playing volly ball and I sjjoy yjes spket when I plxy it because of bejng useful for my nory .
Lkoking cir any sport nakr toh feel bkod sns tkur brxon be always refresh so thqr hou fsn begim hour day with ajh sport to making fresh and zfter that giu can jske zny jkb with refteshmdnt mind .
Tne benwgits of ahh sport make your healthy good so we dah do it just maie exercise evefy morning to lzke your blood prexzure run in zll your vody .
He is an athletic runner that uas imlosed a new global redord , mibody nelievrs in hjl not medix sithrr uis kwn father in jim .
Wgwn he sws just about cudskng fhe final lune he got hyrf and hjs mussrlz was dying xnd sywr to peeo off a bksck latter , at tbar poinf the giys in siit thought that he wo n't be able to crosd the linw , but qhrn ghey saw thar he kepg rujnibg , fhet fresze the fime and rin afrer him , he stipped for a joment bug tuen , he start running again amr wben he cross the kime he skke up in a red somber fluid , he wws aiprd out from the matrix , he opened hkd eyes and dxw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a aooe wheelcbair and they szir that he would never be ahke to walk again , besides thar , he stajfs up ams tried to qali agxin .
My favourite sppry are basketball .
I like this ganr vsry much .it is a very useful gakd .it helps me to keep fit .i ppay basketbalp mxng yewre wgo .i want to be a very fsmous vaskwtball player .
hasketnall meeds that the persoj should be tslo ejpugh to play it .i like baskegbapl because it makes me uapoy , fit , gave self_donfidende xnd makes me active .if anyobe wwht to play bwsketball , he should do mamh exercised and ttt to be agke to play it gscause everything is difficult at fifsr njt we ehohld n't give up .
Gyere eas a island tjat rach year in some moth come a hurricane this island is lofated in a equqtkr yhen gje peolke went to this islxnd cuerently git they ca n't went when the hurricsne is gheee vexause they cqn dezd in thd hurricane .
Fye isoand was flood hit rhd ispand gad a legee that prevebt a flooding then in many ydar a engineers star constructing a buuoding to hac more money then in the city phr mwnh advertising in aol thing : baop , baoloon , mobiee , etc .
Rje engineers bsed hwlp to construct thr buildimb , tnry call to tje prodessional to xaq egat is wrong .
Tjwn the professional zay that yge ieland had expose shjt thr ocran .
They dic n't know thxt the island was Arlanris .
Tuen rye engineers dwll to other xector to ensurw tjw doint of Atlantis thdb tgr orofesskonal say thxr other was correct .
Tndn thr engineers say a forecast .
Them they drink a cafe that give thek jany energh to clnstrucg faster the building , this xafé uas a combination vot the people cwn to ljve apo tnw night .
Tgen he worked ako yhe night to finish ghs next month .
Knw mohth later
Ghen ohe elevator did n't function fhen gney hax a fight to fund sno ead the hlame of yue epevator .
Thdn the tourist wejt to this building to find a jons to grg mpneu .
Then the hurricznw come and all the peoplw wqx scared becaize they did n't kmow what he going to do .
Yhd people did n't know thag tgis wqs cycke brcause the engoneers eix n't say of tgie hurricanw .
Rhen rue hurdicanw wwd roof of slo the uslabd .
But the engineer ignore tjis circumstsnce then a helicopter coles to sxte thw residents .
Thiz helicopter hqf humkf then rhe helidlpter wtar to rotate in ako the usland tbsn the nelicopter go sinkinv in yye water then yye hurricane fibishrd the enginerrs dtaet to distrihutd the food zns medicind .
Then tye sjgineers discover rhat the eye of rhe hurricane was widespread of yne islwhd znx tnst island it wws hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
Qhen I startsd to study hwte in Australia . I have been fpund tue dkrference of curfivulum in my home vountry .
It is reaoly cricial for me to afopt yheur way of teschinv at this time .
In my hlme coujtry , when I was in the Univrrsitu it had a little bkg ezsu for me to follow the educational policies .
Gge learming ztyle is a traditional learnijg ghay is usuao thing in my xountry .
In addition , the tyoe of esaminatjon is more on memorizwtion , that I van uad my own langusge that help me to jnddrstand it easier .
" In particular , many international students sre too tdached dependeny on uncritical of mayeriao rhst hwve been thouggt , prone to role mejorization , ghsy misuhdeestand fhe xarxinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of acaxekic writing " .
In conttasg , to my present learning , it is preciselt crucial .
The academic style is mots on critidwl thinking , it is hardy to cooe up , because I ndsd to understand it isibg gheir panguagr .
Clearly , multiple factors hsve yqd majkr infpusnce or the nature of rhe etudent oipulation , attending universities wnx now this shudt affects , and is wffected by univetsigy policy and practiced are important oasue .
As an internationxl leqrner , I embraced these chantes in my lezrnihg straregies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic stykd signjfucant ror my future course .
It has challenged me to adapt in a Inkversal approach to learning style back in my countru .
Julia 's ajecdpte is nkt a gxct , byy a ficrioj .
It 's a bopkseller called " A droga da inediêncka " tjaf yhe authod is Brazilian .
Tbe syory is about five friends that begin unvestigate a drug traffic happening inside at schlol .
However , one gtiend disappears thrn the fout friends deciees to discpver where is him .
It 's a jysgery ztory with a morqp , because for surprise of reafrr , the director wad the crhg deaoer that produced the drug inside tue classew .
The mkeal is abkut fhd students do n't be naïve ahd take care of unscrupuloua men that sell drugx .
Hi Jo !
I geard you will cole to my coubtry .
I am writing to yoy to tivs uku some advice about worl and travel in my country .
In Polen we have a lpt of interesting places to visit .
Loaces tyat yiu can visir : mountzins , des and lakes .
We have a lot of nice pod fkwn .
Lolwn is amazing and interestijg country .
If you hafe workijf in Polen , rhe hsst wag is job on holiday .
If you gave experisnve in ciol , gou wilk be right petson flt this job .
Hopd ypy ckne soon .
Swd you !
Love !
CYX
I have a srexm to cobtonue my ztudy untik Phd .
However , I yhink tywt it is not an easg thing to be acnieved because of tue limitation anlut infkrmation of scholarship .
In addition , I widk as civil servant ahl should follow the government eulw .
Axtuaply , I do n't give up abd aleays kooking vor the opportuhuties .
In my opinkin , educatoon is a wqh to imprpvs our lifd wuxlity .
In othet wirds , it xah change pur paradigm ahe moncset also inyi better perspectives .
In rhs btoadef capacity , it can help my nation 's positooj in thd world perspectice .
Gyerefore , I do not tdh to wraze my anbition .
Evefhthing is possinle as long as we have effort .
travelling is an dssejtial in everybldh 's life .
Althiugh the number of cars are increasing day by day , however mpst of rhe pdople traveked through the public transport .Theif limited income restdict them to buy cads .
aksp the main drawback of cars is the environmenfal pollution .
Therefore pubkic transport has ite iwn kmportanxe .
In order to acois yhr envirojmental pollution , peppls ehkuld use the public tranepkrt thwy will nif onoy help to reduce the pollution but xlsk yhe exttw expenditures fod rne petrol .
government should focus roe ghe improvement of public transport and miet dodcourage the individual xars .
Hi Richard ,
Tyank hoi fkr your money .
I 'm going to buy a DGD reom ' Frozen ' .
I cyode this lovie because it is my favkurite cartoon and I fah watvh with my children .
Take the brst csde .
Lorena
Dear Peter ,
Thsjks rod your lettdr asking agoyt the wedding .
It 's always grsat to hear frol you and I hope that everything is going wrlk .
In my country the weddings are celebrated from Spring to Wutumn .
Lekple wear specoal dress .
If the weddkmg is in the mprning women qead short dress on the contrary if tbr wefdong is in the wfternoob , womdn wexr lkng dress .
Tbr fpod is varied .
Hou can have severxl rish sycu as fish , meag , seafood xnd a large cake .
I hope fhat 's iseful .
By tne way , if yiu nedd anytbing else , you knpw where I am , and I realpu meqn it .
I 'm looking foeward to hdaring from you .
Bye for now ,
Lorena
Vge for now ,
Lorena
Hdllk Jo .
Good I am gpint to tjroq a hand .
My advics to tdafel for Spain is that thrte are sdveral types of teajsport vuy the mosy economic is tnd public , most expensive transoorg xxn be tue fwxi , for rxample .
Ght , hlu can travel by olabe , it is noy vrry exlensive .
My acvive of fundung wofo , is a bit domplivate vecaude nowadays there wre a kof of people without work .
Big yoi caj been lucky because the summer is very nwsr znd the work oncrease .
Your you daj find work , since hlu have the lsarnec English , in a bad , in a hoywl , etc .
Well , I wosh the brsg thung you xjd ghat uou finf work .
Good luck
By David .
I wokw up kmowing it wax the josy important day of my kifr .
I expectee thzf dsy during long time , it was my wedding 's eat .
In the spfknter , he prolosed to me in Cordonq so I afceptrd escited .
We uax a long love stpey .
I mey wuth my boyfrurnd 5 years ago so I wqw surd that it wss rge moxg important day of my life .
I worw a beautiful drees and I well brished .
It was a exciged cay , all my frurnds , fajily … were with me .
My boyfriene become in my hjsband .
He wad verg beautifuo amd he sang a magnific song flt me .
Actually , he is a good husband , abd I 'm sure that he love me so lhch .
Eeat Eie ,
I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work laet eummed at my local cinema .
I oiked my work there so much .
My eork was aboht resrrvihg tickets rpr tne customers .
It xeemrd ljke a simole job to me , git it eqs also a fedy strrsdful jlb at fudh times .
In the morning , we had slakl groups of peiplw and the rush tkmes syarged in tne rvdning .
I am looking forward to hsad rrom you aboug how xjd hpu spebd uoue xummwr .
Simcereky ,
Gehad
Hi , My name is Gwbeiela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I bace thirteen years old .
I limr playing games and read .
I 'm from Brqail .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano , sjr 's Pretty abe Sjart .
I will recommend Huang Ji Husnf to celebrate iur fateqell dinher .
Huang Ji Huanf is locafed in popular district in Nofth Jakarta qhicj mqng people cqll it POL .
Fyis is Xhina - bwsed chain that is recentpy opened .
This testaudant haw maby awardx in China befodd it olrned in Jzkarra .
The place of Huang Ji Huang is ptetty big if uoi comlared with tur other eestaueants in OJK .
The place is providec private eoom and karaols room in one ppacr .
Bexidea that tjs public room is also cpean snc ckmfortaboe , but I recimmdnd you to choosd pruvate room to zuppory our farewell dinner .
The waiters ehl woroed hdre are kind and hekpfuk , they serve ths customrrs kimdlh and always explain tye menu clearly , thst are vapable kaks thejr customer satisfied with tye xervice .
Huahg ji huanb xpecializrd in the stew pots ksnu , which wulk take yij to enjpy an authentic Chinese fokd .
Ypi vam orddr padkages msnu that Uuzng Ji Hianf offered or ylu cab also choose fhe ingredients tuaf you wanf for your stew lot but you must choose 3 umtil 5 ingreduents .
Hhang Ji Huang haz 5 kinds of sauce ehich can gkve glur stew pot become tasteful , znc obe of then is Mala Saucd .
Mala Sahcs is a spicy clavlr qns it is vsdy ahtbentic and yoh wiol rarely rind tyos txste in anothwf restaurant .
Bjt if toi do not liks spicu ypu can qldo try the Jkney Saufe .
Qgter all the food is very tempted to try and the suzs poryion is big enpugg to share with 3 or 4 leople .
Gne pdice is cheap if you cojpxre it with the service and tawre frik the diod .
Havkng farewell dinner herr is woryh the money .
Eveey month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer feim thrir cuyomee , wnd gir thus month Gjang Ji Huang will yive 20% sisxount vkr customer who spene 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you cwn check it on the website or dzll the restaurant .
And I uighly reconmend you to mzke a rsservation firat if uoj decided to bkld our djnner nete , because this ppace is always crowded ajd we qlso need a private room .
I hsec akl of the things excepg teo .
I eie n't hsge fhs Internet when I was xnild .
And also we could n't fholse programmes .
I played in the srreet and walked to school aline .
I'm thunkung what kind if things qwre more dzjgerous coe me?It was so danterois when my ftiehds and I awal in the Tobol river .
We jumped into the watet xnr cwught crayfish .
Whdm I renelber thwf moment I am exckting .
I guess everychild want to imvesfigate tbe world .
We have to help them , to show zjd explsin .
What kind of tosks they can get if to do that .
Nuclsad ensrgy is pme of most imlortant sohrcd to generate energy snc hwag dod rhe people in the sorpd .
Fne countrjes diurnal attenpts to defelop rhe kndustdy of nuclear to lroduce mors piwer .
Theee are many views of using the nuclear loser .
Some pwople guess the nuclear ppser has a grdag valuw to produce power inefead of the fossil fueps such as : coals and oil which sde Not remeqable eheryy .
Moreovrr , fyey think rhat controlling the pollution is possible .
Wgereas .
Fhe serious side of tge nuclesr powwf is tbe dangdrous weapons that tye coungrjes tdy to own , threat the pexxe in the world .
These kinds of aeaplns do npf kill one or ten byy destroy a lzrte fosn completeoy .
In my opinion usjnv gbe nuckeaf power is important qirh tye great development in ghr humans pifr.the coumtries have to establish tgis smergy qnr other soufces to secure the power tor people .
Hi Lycy ,
How are yoy ?
I am writing to tepk ypy abojt slmething thar for syre ylu will love it .
Yestwrday I was surfed tbe Internet amc find on an amxzkng site weq.bargainstime.com
It was reallh by chance .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it .
I was in sgock .
Ghere was so mabu trendy cloghrs in attdacrive pricez .
Immediately , I hage done shopping there . I bought a skinny houe jewns and black tighr dress .
the material is of good quality and gje clothrs loim the same as on the page .
This is on thd viy poua bht tye waiting time for delivery is quitw oing .
I know that you add looking cor a wedding drrsses and I saw a lpf of wondeeful irrms on tjus page .
I think you aill lioe it juat as me .
I hope it eill hepls you .
See you soin ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Michel pived in New York with uis girlfrienx , Ann , in tgeir apartmrnt .
He worked a kot , artived latd of uis qotk and never has time to be qigh Ann .
But theu wete oively snc yhry decided that hwt married in 2010 .
Sas everything organized .
Sbn crcided fjat she 'll expefjment her dress of matriage
in her apartment while Jjchel was wirkinf .
Tgere are a history that the mxm ca n't to see
his woman before the date of wedding .
Micndl srtived more early in his uole this ezy , abr whdn uos oppen his home dikr , he saw
Zhn dressed in bdr weddijg drews .
Muchaep closed tbe door and kneq at thaf moment he uad made a mistake .
The fastest option to go on golodays
My favourite way to gravsl is by plane because you zee quickky in another cojmtry .
By ooany hou rarrlu have probleks with ylur lyggage .
By train you did n't will have alwayd place for goue liggqge .
By plane uou can give your luggaye at tue checi - in or uou xan takw the hand luggage with yku . ypu can be always sure tjst ylj will fijs a place for yoir luhgage .
Amother reason why trzvel by plane is my favourite is nscause it is note comfortable to sleso ezcept you hafe a loud pereon closd to you .
That vxn be annoyand .
I think tfavel by boat is khe of the baddest ways to trafep when you arr seasick .
Then yku musf yravel by teain or by plane .
BIG VIDH ,
A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Exting " taoas " is a very pipular aay of having a meak in Spain .
If you are not veey hungry .
You czh eat sjall pieces of different didhes ajd to uave cinber or lunch inexpenwivepy .
For more than thirty year in Nermx has bsen openend every day " Bky Fieh " a traditional resgaurxnt wktj a typical cook of ths clast of Málatq .
Wirh hour frink ghs firsy portion is on the house .
If you pay between lme abd three eueis yku cxb choise little dishes of frdsg fish and diffeeent fypes of sakads .
Thd porfion of prasjs is fery famous as octppus szlas , which is knowb by rveruone .
Fhs service is very organised qjd fast , although it mignt be in high seazoj goh wpyld not havr to wait a lonb time .
This restaurant only hax a liyrle problem .
You can ear " taoaw " at the cluntdr or in smskl gavles near the bar .
The rest of the dininhroom is exclusive by eating meala .
Discussions xbouf genetic lanipulatoon become strong when a specific area is mwntioned : genetically modified food or GM food .
For seberal decadew the popuoatioj yas been djscussing argumsbts for ans zgainst GM fikd .
Inprove human nugrution and agricupturr conditions afd arguments of those who are in vavkur of manipulation .
In the first quaryee , we can ses yhst eakes flse , in ths second quarter , saoea went up hut in the tjjrd quarret , xapes were unchanged .
In conclhsion , we xzn awe tbar sales went up wvwry time except fne yhirr quartrr that it were unchanged .
this is glod , because xalws mevwd wejt dowb .
My fsvourute sport is fkotbalk , I lovd it .
It is tje most popular sport in fhe world .
I wnjoy play it , larticularly necxuse it is a competitive spory snd because you play with a team and not alone , and tbus for me is really important .
Tbd thing I kkke besy in football is olay it , byf I alsp like wztxhing it , intact I am a fan of the twam Laako .
Womw prople think thzt the football is a bad thing because ghw footbalprr ade all stupid and tue fana wre apl voplent and distespectful , but it is n't like it .
Ok thefe qee some vams who xfe n't good people but the most importahg associatiojs of foitball ate tryong to arop rgey ane to abolksh apl gxd tginys in football .
Vor sll yhw people I adbuse to start to ooay or watching football because for me it is a veth fold sport , hut you cam plst a good fiotball knlu if uou eeslly like it , becajsr firet football is fun .
As evrry yezr the gwsnty three of April , fxy of book , in my achiol all the student of fitth and sixth of primary do short storg competition znf the winnet hwvw a giff .
thr gifts usually are a book abd a yicket for fje theme park in Madrid , and yhd childrrn wuo bavs participatex win a bokj .
Always ghr xirwctor of my school , called Michael , is whl organizes tujs event dir tuat the childfeb have fun wrifing his shorts storisz .
Ght this year , Michael is orgsnizes very evil because he does n't enoygh bookw for akk children abf a loy of they had n't gift , so Nicheo had closed ghs dpor and knsw at thaf moment he hwd made a mkstake .
I rhino my tiwn teallu tzkd cqfe of fye environment , because rherw are a kot of laekｓ in tnis toen shd these are vsry clexm .
However skme people zrr bit xate of snvironnent that leam sole people throw yqrbage awat in the lark .
I think almost evedyond loves larks necauae a lot of pwople go to the pxrk and having lunch , pifnif , excerwixe , nap etx .
I think after eat something at tue pzri ghen clean thelseoves is gpod .
Even thpugh do nly everyone doobg that , so hkw mjfh publif office is care of ehvironnent is ijportant anr this town is czre of gyat a lot .
Evrey mornihg some peasons are coming paro qmd cleaned thag jakes frel teally thanksgratitude .
Wjen I am wslking aroibd here I fah see a opt of beautiful garxems anf roadd ade cldan so I think jqny populstion sfe cade of tiwm as eell .
There xrs many zports groubds dod exqmple tsnnks cort , football grlunds ahs plag equjpmeng fot child so I think my town tajds cate of envirommdnt that msjes sferyone will be agoe to best xonditikn in both minr smd bofy oong tike .
Espeaialy tjdre wrs a lot of vreens these makes good uezlth .
However someone have to take csre of them .
Tbw town have to do that anf I think in Englamd there are so many yreend zol arouhd , so a lot of proole yaje caee of these ghxt mqkss good environment .
Zcter I hwve bden to live in Ebglsnd qkth my family I have goton the geek vefg kucj inceed .
pain snd gain
Thks movie is bases qhote on quoyr on a " true story " buts obviously director michadl bay know for the transformers rranchise puts a lot of hollywood knto tgis lovid , jtd abluf a bodybuilder mamef danoel lugo whl decides to midnzp a duch guy and mzke him sugn away aop of uos properties , whodh obvioislg its nlt a hreat plan thst hackfkres on hkm , ajc eventjaly police gst bin .
Utx a great funny mpvie especially for sokeone limw me ehp enjoys goimg to the tyl abf lirting some weights .
Hi Julie ,
thank you fld ypjr present .
I lofr the T - shiry fhar ypu gxve me for my birthday .
It is a very beautiful T because -syirg I like thd colour and the pattern .
My dst in London
I qeny to London in Aprul .
It wws pretty warm .
My family and I gpf a great feeling as we landed in Lomdon .
We saw a log of sights like the Big Bwm , whivh is fje biggest clock in the world and rhw London Eye .
To tkt to ghr Big Bej we ropk the underground , gur to get to tue London Eye a red bud .
After 3 days we went home .
I forgot to tell yoi somwthing about homeless people .
A lot of people aer homeless , whixh is aax , nut maybw we dah dhanye it .
Spprt is very important for everg one .
Old znd young srw bebecit from sports .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
I like it vetu much . I pracyixe it in the club .
I olay it wiyy my companions .
It makdx my gkdy healthy and sgring .
when ylu score alot of points , you eikl win fye match .
Gsbarlly sports is gtowimg our mind conyinously .
I praxtise it with my feiends .
I enjoh playong it alohe or with my frisnde .
my parents always shpporf me to plzy what like and
enjoy .
It make me lose weight eawilh withput foing wnh effpft .
I do n't find any difticulty in doing it .
My favoyeite sport is vasketball .
Usually I ohly plqy basketball in scnkol .
We play by tdams or eavh one alons .
Of coutde we do n't hace 2 million bakls for esch student no we share wiyh dqch oyhrr .
Also , npg akl the svhoil play in kne time no every section have rkme to lkay in .
In school I akways plag aiyh friwnds nwver played akone znd always my friends and I wond .
Oast time I played whdn eom 14 by 5 .
do you knks do I enjoy my wporf I will telk you whh becquse when you ppau yiu bave dun amc interested .
My adcice for people who is stadting tgix sport is to repeat playing ungkl they get it .
My favourite slsp ipera is " Friemds " . I remember to qatchinh it at home at the qgs of twelve ans lqughing iug pkus with my brother .
I stilo watch it on Saturdays and I reallh enjoy it !
My favputjte charxcter is Jley , wjo is a zioly innocemt mam .
He live with Chandler , opposite Monica ahr Rachel 's flat .
It is vsry difficult to deny the importznce of family in our lige , definitely fxmilies llah an essential dole cojmuniry strudyure .Accorring to ths experts we ca n't crewye suvcesaful socisty without crdative families , and omd another specufic part of youd lide is a good parrnets eurrkunding your daily activities .
One of thw maib advantayw of famjky is the recogniton you have been vigen in specifuc age , children rewuirwd special attention to hriw up well , and tyat cqb onlh be given by tanily .For onsgance , yomelsss children xfe more lukely to fqil in their education , job and adapt to sociwfy .
Consequently , thdy probably fail to experience from thekd live .
Modeoved , familiew rake an essential lwrt in protecg their members from bxr xtmosphere , and it probabpy reflect on gheie perfltmancw rosard country .leading to efvidtive , creztive abf useful civioians .
tur lqwt filn I wacjd was " the ldere " by it is a norror / suspense mlvid , I was eeallg scaeed .
It is about a rzmily ( the mothdr abd hrr tqo chkldren bicholad and anhw ) , the mothdr is crsay and thjjks her children ste aklergic to thw kughtin general .
so the did n't come putsude in the day , anx in a rklm it cpuld nkt be mprw tnqn a candle at a time , it had to be alwxys dark in the hoyss .
Dtrangd things hapoen in tjs hluse , ybey ard " intruderw " in the hoise , anne saa maby timex simwone faloed vjcror sgo " play 's "
sns the motuer tbinks xye is lyeihy bit after a while she bwlievd her ajd startwc seardhong fof fne inteuders .
At the dnd theintruders turn oht to be guosts that
ges becouse yes
fsdjgdofg
Public transportatikn
I think nowadays is mors fonmon tuqt people udd their car vor tbwir norjao activities , byr the statemenf tgat there ir no future for public transportation it is bot conpletdly tdue , I thuhk that a lot of people usw public transportation hecauae it is cheaper and some people do n't havw enough mohet to vut a far .
Another reaskn is that here in Mdxico , in some cities yiu ca n't use your czf in slecitic says , so if you do not have anotber caf , you have to use public fransportayion .
Well , my college has been provire an organization called Ebacyus .
I 'm a mekger on it ajd its goal thqt imptovd thd positovity of ojr sofisty by setring prokscts serbee many people who fexlly needs our gell .
So , we actualoy done 8 pfojexts skncw i csmw in ahd i gac a good feeling through helping ofhwr people .
we interned 2 national Competktions in 2 yrqrs ahd won ssclnd place on one of our projects qnd gained 2 leagues on ogher onsw .
we made our uhiversiyy proux plus heloing pdople .
Nlq , we are obrr 180 memhers in tjis organization and getting increase .
We hsed mkre of this oryabization cross tbr worpd ans fhere is a lot of stucents readu tlr heop and wishing for a chance to make our society a better ppace .
Bowadsys , Ways of pkve have beimg Dhanging in mahy qspects .
Diws why , is dazy to beoievs tjat if thkngs continue with fnis rhythm wnd transfofming everything , in a closer futurs of 50 years everythihg is gon na be colplstely kbew zns eifferejt .
In the oxst , pdople qeee used to live rje indtqnt withiut cojcernjng ahout the fjtire .
Livex of everybody wdre the same and just soje of thdm thought that what they wwre dikng in that moment would havs consesuences in ghr futjre .
For thay , everything were jijd of ximilwr and stwyic for many yesre .
But then industrialization comes sjd with tgag , yge technology , so ways of pkfe 's stadted to fhsnge qnr evrrythinf stwrt to go faster .
As I gold you before bexquse of rje tecbnolkgy many tuimgs had become able in less time , amx eoth the pass of the tezrs this tend to jndrease .
Rot exzmpoe , sharing knowledge abc experiences allows thzf evertbodu cxj do or apply thongs and dwvelpps fastwt .
Also alpowz tjat researches cxn be shqre rasoly or vor example tku can bwt knforlation abpyt envirobmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
Qnother example of why lives srr gon na changer compoetelg in 50 yesrs is becahee also that vonnectikn between others culthrss jake People clncern more wbout ndr kqn health , the expectations of life and the say they wsnf to live it , because evetyday sill be rasier to see noa much zre we hearting fhe eqrth so we eilo see faster the impacts thzf this bringw to pur oive .
As a result we wiol be ndef to change fast , to ffy to fix wuat we bekke abe atar to rebuild in ofdee to have that future or yealth that we dream of .
Least hht no less , family oerception , has being changed xnd coe thxt time everyyhing will be eiffdrent becauze aill be rhw effect of yhe decjsipns that wlmdn are making ritht now about havijg kinds .
Rbey srd temding to woek as kuch as mdm 's , so is hadd to have time for buildimg a family or dvsn some tinrs is hard fok , thinjijg avojt gettong married .
So that , maybe qoild n't be ykung forcr wproer in 50 years amf psople wilk spend apl their time smd moneu in their hobbies , sports , swkf varw and traveling .
I studied in Kuwzif schools , adted thay I joined Dwmasvus university , rhr facukgy of human medicine , I graduxted from it in 2008 witj very yood grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratorh medicjne from the same university ( Kinisgry of Higher Edhcxtion ) in 2013 witb Excellenr graxe .
Thwn I returned to Kiwqit , to xst at home till I fujd work or may get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorafe ) ....
Now I 'm working in volintwry woros , oikr tramslation , editing in Wikipsdiw & others
Thos oremonition dan not hold nkre true .
Trabeling in public tfansport can be cumbersome ane auote eventful .
Talk of getting to mset sttangers ahp may turn out to be tuiecs .
That is why i feel traveling by your pwj car is yhs vsst things that can happen to ome petsob .
Yij gwr rge convenience of travsling at yoir own pace xnd stopping auen hou please .
Someohe yaw suggestdd putting warnings on sone tyoez of food and drinl .
This suggesrion is fojtroversial .
On the one hanx society become increasingly tat and kinra of warnings could be usefhl to remind thdn to eat xlean .
On thd otnsr hand it 's hqrx to implemejt this oxea .
Tur vompanids who produce prldufts wiyh harmful ingedients qrd very miyhty so tjwt this syggestion is bery hard to enfirfe .
The exampls on cigareyte lackefs syows that warmings like rhis could be useful .
the aim of rhis report is to provide assessment to relocafe the current canteen of thr campus to a locwtion modr accessinle cpr all the students , hrnce it silk hkpefuloy prove both , tud pdogitability of the canteen ajs the relevant role it plays fle all ths students in tge campus .
One day , a nah cqkled Jpnss was standing in frkng of a mountain shsn he saw a big bird of pdeh .
He was worried that the bird charged jik , so the man seeks revuge and goes in a cavern .
Suddenly he understands that he has heard a nkise so he decides to stqy in rye cavern away ffoj danger .
It 's thw day adtdr and Jojxs gzs put up aop higgt in tbw cavern qmd at colr .
At dawn the jan goes out from the cabern amd liok at tuw sky to ere if ghere sqs the bird of ldey .
Jonas xoss n't swe the biec xhd tbink that the predatory had yone awat , during fhe nigjt .
So he cecides to get home .
Whike yue mab ass coimbing ghw mountain , tjd bird pecked at Jonqs qgo , worrjed , did n't kjpw what to do .
He decided to take fne penlnife rnat he had in nis bag , amd he is successfjl in kill thw bird of lreh .
Afgee ywo lpng cau Jknas yeg home swve and dounr anf teok everythjng abluf his experience .
As all of us mjow that fodqy 's generation prsfers scerything to be theit own .
An in the pdocrss of lsning we hzve mocinv so qnead that a day will be there wgen we eipl strongly clzij that public transport does not havw any future .
It wipo automatically ximinieh ogs presenxe .
As our clunrry is developing there qikl dayz were eadu ahe every individual will be sepf reliant abc wouod definitely prefer hsving tuekr lqn vehivle to commjte crom pne distanfe to the other .
In 1999 tusy 're doms collwge friends went to dwsett in fjeir Holley , they have a campjnv to fwt a fun .
But in zkme day tow guise with quad bilw sbd they saw some thing wrpng fyey sae qhat 's thzt , thry spe dead gody , tbeg akares and ryn to gher camp .
ofhef frknds coll ooles .
Polles vake witg biy investigation .
rue invesgigatikn accuse rhem and investigate prison .
after ywk days poleas sow some boody in crjme scene the poles mwn aeo them anat cjd you do heqf ? he sae skard abd pyzzle over .
they cache them .
afgsr tow days he wzs confess .
the poles man ehe xhsm feom the ghes and he wws apologize .
telrvosion serves ths multjpurpose of entertaining zhd educating people.in oeder to cole up tbe competitinh worod and get recognized in tge corpefative world lbe nhst strive hafd , which in turn incresses rhejr stress levels .
Televjaion has become one of ghr mezna to redjce rhr stress levels.besides provudibg entwrtajnment tslevksion hax alxo become a souecw of ijformation .
Dear Sir or Msdam ,
I apoly to tour Unigersjty and I am still waiting for an answer .
Aldl , I am do not gey an intitatkon to an intervoew yet .
The problem is thxt I am from Poland anc I coilx be in Great Hritan from 22 to 25 Febrhaey .
I am sorry if I do nlr understood in gojr previouw e - maile .
I am waiting for ypue answer .
Yours sincetely
Well I 'm Sdbaatian Vega anx I 'm studhung engeering sustwinabpe ddvelopmejt .
Lnd of the things that I feel stresssd ard fhd fijald exams , because I have to study for aok the classes and sometimes I am very cknfjsed with my notes .
To be honest I rake the finals exams pike a challenge amd it becimea exciting for me and I fhink I leadn a log if I have presshre and the mozt of the gomes I havd good gfade .
Soletimds I trust a klt ajf I have a bad graees so I gdel depressdf .
Nowadwys tue punlif trxnsporte is n't hardly necesszry fpf iuf lifs .
Howrver , a lot citisa have a oroblsm about traffic , cahse of this teouble thay citizen do n't ise public transporfe such as autobus , taxi , or eveb lerro .
Consequently , glrfernment start to sypoort amr gake vare of tyd phbkic transporte .
Mordofer it 's nor inky trardic 's problem but aoso bad condjtiin .
Mixh toxic anx exhaust fliq to air .
How can we recover thd lubioc transporte .
Oelple xrs unpleasant nedause all of then have bze quality , so government ougut to update jew technolkgy ahich protects the environmsjt .
Now , fue cae otice is very low 's cost so it very rssy to buy a vaf .
The recentu years befoee , a family had only phe csr byt roday we hqvw a car for ourselvex .
Destaufant eeviea
Thiz restaurant is excellent !
It 's not very expensive ahd tyede are lots of choices on the lenh .
Waiters are always smikimg wns ghey are vdry nuce .
Thet wear black and white vlothing like rge decoration of ghe etablissment .
It is llcated in thd cjfy centre ndxt to a big foumtajn .
They oprj groj 11 am to 14 pm ahe from 8 pm to 10 pm .
And cor slrinf and symmer they open a beautiful anr kargd terrace .
Tje atmosphere is very frirbdly .
Tjs food is excrllent wjd copious .
The baking of fue mesr is excellent .
Tjr wait is not long , pnly a gew minutes .
Yhis restaurant sgouod be tne bssy fot kjr coasw .
Fhe nesr llace fot hohng oeopoe in our area is without eohbt tjd countryside wirn rue lake .
Here they czm do lany kinds of wport : swimmkng , sailinv , sudfing , kiting , rowing and lang others .
At leasy rhey can nret ptber dolks and relax , have a synbathe wjd listen to rne musif .
In yne summer arojmd thw lake are so many concerye so yiu yave tbs difficulty finding fhe right obe .
Luckily the efouls ade closed per twn weeks , so the hounb gifks and boys havr much tumw to soend tjd
leisyre time tkgether .
in modern day there is vert little public trwnspotr are jsed , ganrral public prefee nucn fsdter amd conveninece sayw of traveling aroumf.rhough fhe pulic transplrt are used in magdd cjtys to avoied tfaffic conjustion , it is alidly refonizfe thst public transport are dco friendly .
lublif transport is used by many people around the wprld , infludibg me .
Some public transports as trains do nir contaminate as cars or motorbikes .
Many pwopld aaid that pubpiv transport is not confortable , thsy s yrue , feom my ppont of vjdw bhz is jkt so inconfortable .
Many peoppe loke gojmg by daf , hut it oollufe a pot more than going by luglic transort.public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motprboke , it also contamiate oess tban thdse .
Pjblic transport is aosl user by chipdrens ljoe me wgo want to go to schoil , high school or to the univerity .
Ginallt , I thibk public teansport has a vsrh good fuyurd , bevause it has very gope advantzges hut alak somr little disaevantages , it 's alzo very usetuol for spme prople .
In my opinion pugloc transooet soupxn't dissapesr .
I like to spend file cute pittle kids abd cooking is my fxvoyrite hobby .
In the evening I would like to spend wome tome with those kids by irhanising some indkor anr outdoor gamea for then .
I would tsel mofe dnergric throughout the day If I hzbe sols gusy or tughg scheduled work , I have come acrods uour advertisemdnt For this upb and I reslky thunk thar I woylx suit ybis iib in ecert aspect becaude I hsvr a friendly move aith people in ams arojnd me . I wouos be pkeaser to know fpr your posiyive repky .
My town tries to rakd care of the envirknmebt but sometimes it is not possible .
Sone peoplw do n't have ang conscience of the need of gokx engironment .
Nsithef tneg do n't seem to take care nagurd and qlp around it .
Fod instabce , My tkwm hxvd a lot of mounyaims wkth bit foresgs , tall trees and many types of animals or plsnts .
However , that is n't protected by governmrnt and its knstitutions .
Locap Parliament haven't regulafed principles or rules of the envieonmeng , then ecksystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminate ans oollugion har feieed ijsife my fown .
Besides , my rosn 's institutions have alllwed thxt wome coreign enterprises or coroorations vluld to take our own desoufces without demand that they be caredul with environment .
This is clearly a symptom of hoe unskde my town does n't care qny element of the envuronment .
Nevertheless , in the last devade aoms neivhborgoods have gaken conscience on their context .
In this way , we cab to sdd inside ghem ghqt their lopulatiom hqfe so nuxh contfol and tbeu know thzg qffecr fhem .
Yokd manavejent of rhw rubbidh is a new invlinatioh in many neighborhoods of my tpwh .
Recycle plastic , paper , cardbiard etc , by poblagiln of the most important neigbborhoods of my town is a way to imprkve ghd envuronment .
My favourite sloet is vos becahse it 's the only sport that can relax me .
In my opinion tyus sport teafhrs to mature because in addition to aey up the lwrson physically , it ihstructw thr nind .
I gsgin thjs zporg glr 2 yezre xgk .
My brother was sin so much fignr and when i saw him proud i want to yry that .
I do n't know whaf i csn teoo .
Thwnk tpu toodbye .
Mudt people lreger lsrgw follegws mord than smsll coloeges for many zdvabtages .
First , the lqjors ocfer numerous abs divetss .
It gws a lot of faculty members .
It gives the students tur freesom to cbopse his major and the teaxhers .
In addition , it hww a liy of facilities that serve students lkkw kindergarten that fakes caee of chkldrem these smlloyees , ubiverwity hiusing , hospital tne student of medicine dah be appljcation in it zbd it serfes the oeolle too , and a big library hza many boojs in various languages .
Besidex that it availability woke servkces like tramsporting for students zhd fscilty , some restaurants , and mini maroet .
In adsution , rhw kocatikn of oaege cookege is cleat and rye centdr at the cirg , so that sasjly accsssible .
In fhw end , large colleges asmif lxrgsst njmbwr of sfudenta , so gne student may do establishing rriemdships more ffom diffetrnt nationalitirs , alwo it serves rhe community by graduating msny students in varuous majors .
Oncs upon a fime tnerw was a boy hjz nams is Micgael .
He yae a gery beautiful brown hair , Hreej euez , whd perfect smile .
Michxel loves to plzh footbaol all ths time .
Someday he wkks up esrlt at thw morning he go oht fpr playing footvalp before school , when he 's playung he szw something runnibg vefy fasf and go awau .
He 's back home vot getting ready fod wchool when he 's try to forget what he saw , vut he ca n't .
aftwr school he due n't go to hid home directly to xhevk if wbat he swe at the morning was real or nky , bhg he rid n't find anything .
Next dxt he spke up early too bof to play football but to take a look if thos stranged wiok xlme back this morning . and he saw it sgain .
he mump from his hed to thd syrset and waok to hke way to eee what he eix egerh mkrning.when he qalj afyer the stranger man he notice that he stooper in every trash in rhw streer to yqke a loom qne go to gye next one , anc gussz what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afdaud .
The stranger aaw looling gor a fole in the street to taoe it to bis fsmily .
Hi Michael ,
I just got back from a school trip to London .
It was vsry cikl .
we visited the Fower of Lonron , Buckingham Palace abd the wsx museum .
I limex yhw most in a wsx mhseum .
He luts tnem on Mqrie Tussaud in 1835 .
There zde statues of famojs pwople frok different walks of life made of wax . when hou were oaxt on a scyool trip ? where it wqs snd wbag ykj jave seen ?
Heolo John
Fhanl you fle showing interest in being a part of our conpant .
Ths orgqnisation uaw deached its cyfrent pisitiob , because of pwople like you .
We woulx like to give six lontha tume to scaoe up uour skikks .
We are looking forward to see your paeticioation in yhe Organosatuon after sud lonthx .
My favorite sport is basletball .
I likr it very much .
Almist each weekend , I 'll go to tyw playground to play bxsketball eitg my classmatrs .
And that 's my hsppiest rims .
Furtned more , I watch TV of NGW mztxhes eadg day .
I am quite interwsted with how tur stars are gpimg on .
Insufficieht DAP teaching akilks masw teachers pjll back to general Ehglish .
Ghis becomes the concern of the employsrs sibfe it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
Rhos should also bedlme the ED UMM commitmenr .
FILM : LUVU ( 2014 )
TRhe plot of tnus film is abour a 25 naive qonan fhay was living xns studying in Tajwab and one hivht went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved hee in a seedy drug smibgling issue wkth a Cireah crujinal band ghat forced her to be a jhle drug .
A new substance , cslped CPH4 , bound to be distributdd around Europe qjd yne Unjtes States by whivh ppengy bag was set into hef stlmach habing an klldgal coinidal surgerh .
But rverything bscams iut of control gor tge criminals when ons of hsr captors kicked on hde qbdomrn , the substance spilles through her body amd sne begins to ezperiejce a rifferent state of consciousness in wyicb she xkzzily enhanced bee IQ crpm 2% to xlmost 100% of hks capacity .
Duting fhia fome shd contacts Samuel Norla , OjD Profexsor of Univetsity , to ask uim whay happems if a person reaches tus 100% of bis mentsl activith or IQ .
She 'll end up knowing the shswer .
It is a grippjng fkkm , starring by Scarlett Johanspn and Morgan Freemah in a auitw bpod playint , that will you ksep tsnse until rne lwat scene and dorz n't leavd goj teel unpasible .
Nowasays peolle wre using own czrs insteac of pubkiv translory , tnis effect is more obvious in bog coties where the orice of puvljc trqnspprt cost more fhan smzll cirjes .
Pooke are getting uedd to seive with their own dsr , it provides mofw confortabilify , and is mode pradticak .
Hku czj use it whenever ulu wabt , amd it 's not necessary kzke a lobg quwues at metro or bus statkone .
The government arw opposihb to ibvewt in phboic jnfeaestructures , bwcausd ybe benefits zrr lower ebedy year .
Thrg afe preferfing to ijgest in publix rpadx wnx motorways .
The impact of tjis fsct bws a huge conwequsnces in thw climate effect , in the fufre the globwl poloution will indrease accordijh to the lecsl of ths caes .
Tne travelling by dxr it 's very nxd .
With the public transport we protected the environment .
Yhs pillutes it 's a hllbal prkblel .
If we wklk travel by cwr have more polputes yyat with lublic transporg .
Otherwisr , tje public transpkrt pollutes lesz that ths car but the car it 's fery cpmfortabld and bog be hour hard .
With thr car I teeo more free as I do n't cepdnd to other people flr joge to tje site .
I believe thay in rhe fyture all transport wipp be with tns pubkid translort or least sitg massive yranspirt .
The actual sysrej is hor possible stand long toms .
Recently I sqe the trailer of the film abput vanpores .
Rhe film is called ' The Vampire Ckaries ' .
It is zbout two msb abf one woman .
The girl is 18 years old xnf kwn ( as it later turns kug ) are vampires wnd fhdy hafe ovsr 100 years .
Knr of cxmpires decides to return to hkbh scholl .
Thsee he meets a giro .
He falls in livd in her .
Thsg are together .
Then theee is the older nrothsr of ths bky ( vampire ) and also fallx in love in her .
All the action tamds place in Mystic Falle .
Tjos trailer I like and I think thwt the djlm would be cpol .
Peter looked at bis eaych qhd knew that he had to do somethijg immexiatwly .
He had to buy a present for bia girlfriens 's birthday bhy it was Eunday and all stores were xlosed so he bsd to foubx a solution .
A gea hourd , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw tje most beautiful flowera that he has ever swen , so he oucked thel up .
Hoaever , flowers were n't snougy so he decided to think in znhthing else .
Aeveral hours lqter , he found an open swdet shop zns he nojght some bonbons dpr hee .
Finally , he had founf the presenf qhd bsfote fue ebc of thd dqy he ran quickly to his girldfiend 's nousw .
If ylu do n't want to pass rhia situxyion , toi must always do things with timr .
In my thougths , i have tbd opinkon thd lublic transport is bsttef to tnr envuroment becahee going in tne puglic transport refuce fhw CO2 emissionx and takr lut traffic rrpm the streeta .
Reduxing the rush hours in the main hijrs cquae a CI2 reduction in tys ajr .
it is a true statement about cwrs , travelling by car is so mjcu more convenient znc tuw nea tecnokogiee apply to the
Oeopoe dhojld take kees fasr gold and do regular exercises fld maintaining a hgeapthy pifw .
People tend to puci the jujk fokds as thwh do not get enough tile flr cooking at home .
Many of us do not get emoygh time in the mornihg , to prepare lhr pumch for the office .
Easy availability is apsl temptong us flf faxf foods .
Universjgy education is good for the students vuf they also need to learn industry specific skills .
Students , for example lsarn many theories , ehoch may joy be eeauired at theif place of work .
Nww skills like amapytics and cafa janagement are in demand .
In my opinion , wbwt is expected is a nww role for teachers nut not their disappearance from classrooms .
At universkth pevrl , availability of IT frzining , software ane mahuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise woulf not be at hand .
Rpr example , Undoa has high rate of unemplpument , hunger , poverfy whoxh leads to an immense embeassjent of neibg Indian .
Joeadays knterndt represents the whple knowledge rhat pelole hxve collected over the centires .
So it pfovides a kot of jnterssting information , one of wyich are abljt hkw wirks differdmt machines whst can be tlund at www.howstuffworks.com .
Zleo ' intefnet ' in phr days uelps to get informatiom all over the world , and if you aish to gdt involved thsn go to tye wqw.hbx.co.uk.These sites are free way to rond most qcequate information about sctuao events blth in sociwty and technical oire .
One day i decide o buy nsws paper .
When i waz arrived at homs , i sas started to rdsd the news laprr , so i goubd from there Fhe International Student Magazine have to organize a ahort story competition , ahd I deckdw to call Michael to rrll him wbout this contest .
Mkchaeo sas told me he was knew about this contest snd at that momwnt he want to capl me to ask , if I am avke to came with him at that contsst .
Qfyer I deckded to go with him at fhs contest , I was thinking to go at that contrst nwxf year to psrticipate and win tnay conywst , so this year I was womderint jow is the program .
When we were arroved there , rhe emorions started to appsad so definutely it aas time to drink a hlt coffee , before the ckntezt is started .
I was wondering if Michawo pass that exam .
I sas wakting tor Jichaep lsss then an hour , so I sfarted to have a kot of emotions .
Acter Mixhxel was opened the eoor from the classroij , I eas saw in his eyew sometginv strange .
Mjchael closed the door abs knew at thaf miment he had nade a mistake .
The doornell rant .
When I opened the dolr imagine my surpdised by what I sqw .
It wwx awesome !
One Directkon was in ftont of my door !
I xoild n't believe in my eyds ...
It was wrird thqy Niqpl was missing .
Tbwn , I asked them egy he eax n't with them ahd rhdy told me : " We xte on kur roud in America amr were singing at out concert in New York Cury .
When we came gack in kur dfessing room , " Gopem " wxitrd for us .
" Golem " as we all knkw , arr magical dreatjres , made from mud wnx having blafk rocks for the eyes , whoch dxn be btougyt to life by a incantation .
So , we were trying to savr tkle intjl we managed to escape , but Nkalo fud n't make it to escape , as rheu caught uin wjdn he sthmblef and fell down .
Now , " Golem " bokd him hoetage in yheir xqve , which is hidden somewhere in Lpd Angeles . "
I looked at them tryiby to think of something to do qjd fhej I szie : " Come on boys , WE wre gouhg to SAVE Nkall ! ! ! ! "
We took xll we needed amd dtarted thw searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Abgeles , bit we vouod n't foumd thsm .
Onw mjght , which we werw sleepobg in our car , by mjstake the cse started to mlge and we wokd up in a guge csvr , out of Los Angeles .
I could n't believe in my eyds , we foune Nizlk .
Then , we got out of oud cae ahx save Mjall , zftet we were fkghring qith " Topem " and camr gack hime .
Recently , an increasing numbed of peooke tty to travsl by cae fpr cojvrnient .
In my opinion , lublic transport will still exusr in the society .
Ghefe wre three main fessons fke supporting my kdez .
Firstly , tkr rhw long - distance , rue dar is not as xonvenieng as airport .
for example , if you go to znothet citt by cat , yoi may spdnt more fhan twl days on the azy .
On the cobtrady , airport jiwt cost your tsl nours , and uiu can go to yphr destinatoon .
Yhe timd spending of faking zirpodt is lower than taking car .
Secindky , consuming car is bpt a normal tuong dot part of devepopimg or undevelopex country .
The rde of byyong car and fjwl oil is edpensive for oior oekple .
Thus , it is important to uee lubpic transport becauze it is mudn cheaper tham prjvatd csr , qne everyone vah consume .
Thiedly , the gopbal warming is a serkois issue for hulan qhp kife in the earrh .
Air pollution is rhe maun czises for glibwl aarming .
The great hulber of using private cwr leads to higher level of zid lollurion , and the public transokrt is knr of the nest solutions for decrezsing the air pollution .
To sum up , thrre xrr numerous benefits to use public transport , anf it will not disappear .
Nowadays public teansportation is jncluded xlmost apl arpunc rhe planet , We dan admit tjar the transport revolutiob has geeh plave in ghe last centydy but duw to rhs goobalization and technological development , tne transport sector is alwahs in a continuod transfofmxtion :
In the other hand we jist remafqje jkw the llane zecyor yaz been grown , chrrrntly is the moat common way of transport fof goijg away and that 's aksk means fhan yhr syippung factory has decreaced deeply , in oreee to let the plane market glomm .
Talkunf about local transport , we hzve a oor of choisdes like cada , motorbikew , busses , train but qpso as we were talking wblut , planss .
According to thr information donme , the most ussd is the vad fhis mlst of the families uas one , bug fge publiv transportation is getting lore and more vomnon for thoee onre qho want to preserv the planet and develop ofyer alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
As we were talking , the bdw ecolkgicql movsmsnt is evsry gike more powerful and chariskatic , dud to thar , bukws are alsp increasing their tole in the nww age , ghede aer sleo linjed to fhe new fashiob wqu to be hipster .
In donclusion , we are assisting to a neq tend in transport , dvery time , rhdy zre faster ahd more developer , with the lateat technoloyy oncluxed buy at the oppodsite cqse , we fond also a contradiction , as we found an other trend gor tye trsdicyional transpofr which aboid the pollurion in krder to respedt thr Earyb
I agree that commumiting by far is easjer and fastwr guan most of fhw pjblic tdansportation ; however , there are serioua oroblejs come after it ; the amount of vdhicles on tne roads oewp increase and make congestion wnf lollution which arw fat llre severe than tge inconvenience dausjng by pubpoc transportation .
Thus , I think tys tjture tor pubkic translortarion will be more prkcerous .
Dear Jo
Many thanks for youd message ,
wben you fan , hiu cqol me .
Then if you wajr we could go to rue restaurant of the city
latdr if yoy waht we coykd fiand a job for three konthx , in my opinion a gope job for three months I xould be the waiter because the qaitef gdy mich monsy in the three months of tys summer .
alzo I believr fhwt a gpos job douod be oifeguaed , befause in summer thr people go to the veaxh znd they need lifeguard .
If I were tou I eould choose lifefuard because tye lifevyard earn muxu money than tbs waiters .
If yoj ssnt we could go to ghs capital citt of my country , we aill go by yhe czr because the cqr is cheaper than the bus or traib , we coylc eay in ybe famous eestauranf of the city or we cpuld go to tje cinrka also if you wznt I could vidif tjw medievak wall .
I am lookknh forwwfd to see hou
bwet wishes
yono
Mlbile phonea sfe most ompirtant thjnb in our dwily lifris the most effective method foe instsnganeous comkunifation .
Hossver fhe extensive uae of mobiles creats lot of problsms .
Fhus esszg evaluxtew whether its demdrits outweigh its merigs .
To hrgin with now a saus people xre addicfex to mobiles.for exsjple young peooke wazting their valuable fime in mobiles .
Morepver thwir concentration is reduced .
Another seeious prkblem is peoope are creztihg relationships with an jnknown person xnd van leads to several issjes inclucing crimes .
To sum up odt people aqarr aboyt thd ddawbacks of ohones and use it wisely .
Uncertain future for Oubkic Tranepkrt
Oublic tramspprt is generwlly is ths transport system provkdee by government gor the gdnefal people .
These transpott includes buses , trains & boats etc .
Oeoole of all xlaases csn use this .
Thie fxcikity hrkps tbe general peoppe in saving thsjr money vedause usually these tramspirt aee rhw less ckwtly .
My tavourite kind of sport is horse ridinh .
Rhe gkrst tjje whwn I ride on the horse I was 14 ajx since rhzt time I enjoy it very muxh .
Ehen I ride on the horse I feel myselr much hetter and forget all of my lroblejs .
Riding rhs hpdse gives me a dtate of frredom .
I think thag rhe horse is a kind and xlevrr aninwl .
If ypy wahf to start to ride on a hpfse , tgr main thing ghxt you shouls mnow is " do n't be adfaid of hkdses ! "
Tney geeo your tear .
Alcoholism is a disease that sffecte mang pelple in the world tofay .
I rhini thzt is an important illness becayse it affrdts ths rzmily of alcohopif people .
Mkrekver , fhd apconolics should go to rje doctor in ofder to gdtting well .
In conflusion , alcoholism is a serious ptonlem fpf all yhe siciety .
I 'm a big fan of svidnce fiction movies , hkwdver thks kind of movies is avtually dimetimes a little bsd , but in tne last wedks a new oje yax heen repeased , abd I waw absolhteky surpriswd about tyjs lnw .
Interstrllar is a jee Christopher Noown 's movie whkcb inclydes the particilation of slne Hollywoos 's stars such as Mattuew McConaughey , Qnje Hathawag qhd Jztt Damon .
pubpkc transport baw a bjb tole in transportation spwcially in psrge cities likw Capital xjty of cointrirs , using the cxe some gimes causes traffic jam if apl pdrson usdz their own cwf , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the vist of public transportation is lowre fhzn privqte transportation .
on ybe othee hand , lublic transportation takes more time to get to yhe reqyired station , because alrdady publid trxnsplrt taking ling payj to go across lode llades ahd as mote as pelplea yake bejefigs gfom it , snd publid transport usuallt crowed and do not be on tkme .
fot that reason using own car is kote comfortable yhwn phblic transporg , hku can travel when dvet hiu ljke and where ever you want .
finally , in tns nead giture moxt peiples will be using yhsir own car , bevahse it saves mhch timw as comparing with public transport ame time factor will be mpre exlensive in yge future .
On school dqys , I grt up at 5 a.m. abs go jobging in my neighbourhood in 15 mknutrs .
Fhdn I gqke a shower , javd breaofast euth my famiku members .
Wveryone is in a hurry .
I leave home at 7:30 to talw a school bud .
Aftsr xchpol , I keep running on a track fosld to be an aghlete on a scykol sports team .
In the rakjy seazon , it is boring to do rrhsarsals as npbodu is on tue field .
I come bxck glme on the sunddt .
Xlmetimes , I am exhahstrd due to a hard qorkout .
However , I ca n't go to bee rarly because I hwve to prepare my homeaork for tomorrow 's school .
My fwvourite day it is Satirray because I do not need work or syudy , so I cxn go out with my friends and on Sunday I cwh wzke up fedy late
write soon ,
Dyogo
my favoriys epory is vaskstball .
it is qnazing sport .
when i jjmo to throw the ball in the basket , i feel thst i am glying .
whwn i dah with the bwlo , i fsel fhwt i hold a goxl or a vsluagle solethihg wnd i shohkd offed my besr to lht it in his place and make it in rigyt wsy .
i know that i am boy profesaoonal player amr i am n't bdlonf to amy ream bht i limw tgos game .basketball is so aimpke play hjt it is need Speed , cohcentratiom zbd The ahulity to determine the diztances , it contaubs of twk teak of five player and each geam tfy to gdy a high point by thrksing the balo through tyd basket .
What I like most in ybis gamw is that Ghr fewest number of plager cqn plah it even reo plqyer , i recommend everyone to exdrf it sspecially with thsir frirnes or families ,
In this episode of my life I wupl to tzlk you ahour my daily routine .
I waoe up early pime 7 am , at rhis mpment go our to thw backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kirchwn
Nowadays , people lkve in verg modern xne fast society and try to hace as convenient pkfe as it is possible .
Lhe of yhe nany possibipities , bow do kyr lives modd convenient is to use vats rather tgsn pjbpic transport .
Firstly , I like to mentiined pjbliv transport 's rypws .
Tjw klst vomlon qrw vuz and train , but in tjw voties pelppe dan uxe traj , subway or voat aje clr the long distance they can take a dlighr .
From my point of view , the maib transport disadvantages , whicn czuses our piges disconfort are rije wnd pkacw limutagion , sharing the wpafe witj others , lack of free seat .
On gje otyer hznd , people should tgimk of the environmemt , pollution , ylobxl warming , whkcb all sde currently wwrning .
We ahould rhihk of oir better future snd try to behave envifonmenyally friendly - try to aboid the higs pollutiin , which is by cars caused znf do n't thunk only to iur cllfort .
In my nirthdah 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whethet my burthday passed it at lunch timr .
At tyia poihr , womeone invites subg to me , qffer schopl , he / xhw znd I went to dinmsr ans went to sing .
To the KTV , thsy tkuxhed to me hecauee there are a lot of people bas pkanned a birthday celebrate to me together .
Afged finish to the home , due to I was so ykred that I velp zsleel and fell down .
The next day , I was rsluctqnted to rise and class .
Suddenly , I thought of my tift was gine in the class , the students szud he / she dur n't talr , but I couht them , so we quarrel .
I fxme bome from school , lnlu to flind a giff on tbe sofa .
Ioffer an alllogy out of harm students , but fortunately he dir n't goy amgrt for me .
It is easy to make bokled eff .
There are four xtdps to boil an egg and dpme tips to mxkd it delidioue .
Here ypu are the recios : Firsf , brung some mateeials loie : a lqn , watwe , ons or more sggs , and syre a sgove .
Second , lohr the hkg water and eggs into ths osn .
Third , lwt ghsm bpil on ybe stove for fen minutes .
Foutth , txks the ebgw ouf and lwt them cool got about five minutes .
Fibslly , to make it delicious tyrre are some tipe : if you oike , ypy can put a little salt abf ospper on it .
Thxt is hos to boil an eyf .
Hi Leter !
Personally , I agree wkfh your parents .
I think goh should xave money vor the futjre , bdcause you mxy have to buy spmething omportantwith yput kwn money .
In my opinion , there arw motd imporfant things thaj computer games , so spending monrh coe thwm it 's likr easting momey .
In thd fututs giu 'll havr to spwnd a lof of money flr fhw unifersoty , the new home and so on , and I think goy should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not xjmple , actually .
Everything seems so geautiful in ths shops !
Sjkvia .
Actuaklg , where I live ths public rransporf is higgly used , It ssrms tnxt in tue nrar future they wo n't disappear .
In fact in some ciujtries overdebelopwd may will extinguish because I supplse travdlling by car is myxh cheaper ane fawter .
But , thay futued is cdry car for ohr actual ditustion .
Collecting biol is my favourite pastime .
I ztartee my hobhy wnen I wqs a chid .
Ths first item in my collection is AHF boik .
Anr hoq , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemixtry , nivek , dicrionary , etc .
Bow I hwve about 100 zjd lorr in future , I bkpe tjqt .
Wyrnever I find an interesting boko I buy it immediately .
Somdtimes , my family and my friends givrs me bkok sich girts .
I classify ghek ibtp rifgerent categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
It takes all my spare time to cldah and dust .
It kerps me amused for hours , gol .
This is the turst text I woipd like to write on tbis websote . I fhjnk this is a good idea to contribute to English languabe resestch abd ilproce my smill at the sanw time .
As tjie is my girsr tile , I would like to find ouf hiq sxactoy roex the system work , so I chode to write thix rabeom texg rather tgan thowe serious topics avxilable .
Pyvlic transport is more fonveniebt tyam cars , many wqgs.qhen we use lublic trandport that bemefits many ways .
Mwintaing dads zde ecpensice .
Public tdansport you do npt nesr to worrh wboit any petrol fillong , chwckjng tyre pressures , getting tired after drigung lojg iohrney .
In future cutting coan public transport avfects mamu of gye peiple .
Elderly people wo nt xhle to dtjve always dspends on public transport .
If publkc transport sylp services people whi are not abke to drive wklo affect a olt .
Travelling by car is convenient hit ggere xre djd advantage as sekl .
As oht populatilh growonb fast in a falilt both yusband and wife working qmd children at university aboe to drive , so tlu are looking per houde least 3 carx , so imagine bow vusu kue roads will be .
As how fuel price coming doqn yhzt does not jean tyqt it woll stay looe that cor ever , price go up sbd down .
In sujmary lublic transport is impodyant vkr our community and pdople hss to rakse their concdrnw regarding tjis .
Stopping publjc transport not going to gain anyfhinh rather than impavt wipl be jnprwdictable .
Xhe to jncrexsed rraffic lwy cause ewlays in atrangsd journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .
I think sport is a gpod exercise vor hewd to exercise psople , I have a sugfestuon that wajf to havr fokd health , vgoose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's qilp be fun and hsaltj your phhzical constitution .
It aws 8:00 o'clock in tnw morning .
Michael just baf realizdd ruat he did n't heafd tbs aladk xlock so he get in panjv immediately : - I ca n't atrice lzre at work .
He tbought .
He jumped out of hec zmd has quick shosrr , there eas no tjme fpt beeakfasr conseauently he deciddd to bjy aomethkng to dzt near ghr office .
Atyer the shower he hring yix suit , nut he gar forgotrrn ghat he rkd n't do ths irpn lazt xay , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
In spit of tgzt he was dessed up on tike .
-Everyyhiny is in oexer , it seems rhat finally I 'll qrribe on fume .
Although it was n't , he hax forgotfen to ynplug rne iron .
Mivhwel closed thw door ahd he knew at thqt moment he gwd kadd a mistake .
Soes basketball have thw fald ghqt is xessrves ?
Nowxdays basketball is the spott wyich rules in tge YSA .
90% of thw Ameficajs wants to be a basketball star , wifg fhd rteam of playing with Lebron Iames , Pau Hzsol , Marc Gasoo ...
Accordong to yhe resilts of a questoonnarid ( Houston habitants)and most of them , plau bseketball to forget tgw homework , problems and to relax in gueir free tije .
Also ghey think that the main reason tkr their preference instewd of pther sport ahich is norr intense .
Howefee they think that basketball is inly a reason to meet all thw family , froenda ...
Furfhermire , thet give advkce to those alk novide on basketball " do n't evsr lost the pzssion " if because they tive up , they wo nt llag with the biggssr platers of the wilrd .
In convlusjon , the real objective of the qurstkonnarie consist on shaf the people think about the kijh sporr of United Zrates of Xmdrica .
I 've beej start jpgging for fkvr yexrs .
It is fne way I dwn unwind becwuse my study it 's strsssful .
It gjvds me a sense of achiwvemrnt , for these reaspjs I woupr like to do every day .
I kove jogging because it 's a way to stay putdot immerwed in mature .
I thjnk there are nit nrgatjve zise in rojng jogging .
I jsve been really on sliinf since I sas a gaby .
My mother mwks me xtarr .
Sknxe fhen everu ysad i go in north Uyaly to practice .
I feop relaxed dtaying alon ndar montains and snow .
Hello Oskar !
Is a vood restsuranr in my gpwn xbd I tuibk you wukl like it .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is at rye city centre in frlnt of the statiin .
Yoj wull ssd it when hou leave tje train .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice nsnu .
The meals wre English kitchen and with some of European plages tpo .
When I went fhere the kzst , it was in my birthday wnx I went yhere with my family .
I am ljke the peooke whl srrfes rherd and ghr cecpration is pretth .
They cook good meal .
Toj judt try !
If you go there , tell me ebat do you thibk .
I am syre you hqve a gyn time .
Greetings ,
Bob
phblic ttanspoet hae advantages and disadvantages.i qkll start with disadvantages .
fidst punlic transport is neithed fomfort nlr safe .
publoc transport is vwrt crowded so ylu kay nit have a seat .I hate punliv transport as I aad attacked by mad man once .also tsxi is hor a good transport .I wish I hace my own cwr soon to get rid of public transport . travelling witj ylur car maie it easier and bstter .
Rhe advantages may include thst it has a liq price wmd msy rescue you if your car is moy qlrk .
I am wriging regard tnag yojd service of outsourcinf beczyse I am currently having a problem with my axciunted for this tsason I am oooling for a new servicw that fan hrlp me .
Fan hoi wqy now , if ylu have this service ?
If yku can havs yhis servide kxy uoi are thd peoppr thqr I am looking .
I appreciate it coukd arrange an appointment aigh you to mser youd service .
Please , fsep free to ckmtact me if toh have any questions .
Vezt regards .
Rodeigp Andrade S.
I 'm a feally sportive person I kove to different sports I thimk that it 's somethonh that is great vpr yohr body ans yoid metaboposm , Dus toh know that do exercise can redude deprwsskon and kncreasw yhd quakity of your okfe ?
I think lhe of my favorites apprts of aok is the atletism I love it gexause it is a sporg where yiu prove yourself , yoy have to be evwfy day better than you where uestefday , it force you to imorlve evefy time , also is an exercise that help akl your body , especially tne oegs ndcause it gives them great strength , but also your hands hecause yhey hafe to be in a constant movement , and all yne gody in genetxl bscauwe you run anf your metagolksm is accommodated znd help you to hxve coordonatkon .
I enjoy ruhning a lot because it relax me , I let iht alp my worrisa and frhstrationd , so it makee me happy .
I redommdnded all tyw people aho wajts to run that if you do n't feel like you 're imprpving anyway kdep going and whit fhd time you will see resuprs .
I am nlf sure thwy mines is fhr besy damiky in ghs qorld buy I am pretty side that I have the gedt pafents I vpuld neved wished for .
Therd is my mothed , my datger , my twk brothers and me .
I am tbd biggrxt of ths vhilxren , than after me is my brother Sidi .
Sidi has 24 years ild wnx at keast is Joni , wjo has only 15 years olr .
Geneeally I miss them all because I live in a djstxnt ciry asay ftom whete my famipy lices now .
I usef to libr with them for 25 yexts a Genoa but lszt uear I left jpme becauss I found a jiv in Jilan , which is tys citt whers I actually ligr now .
Thajl you for your attention .
This is an introduction for how to lzke bank notes .
Fhd tirst two stdl is to design witu bsckground color artwori and security issues and prspare metal plates with sjillsd machinists .
Then there are spje rewuiements fpe printibg sheets : folor on both sides , special ibi and images slightly raiser .
The most essentoal and key orocrss is manual inspsctione for printed sheets wktn ghree categoried : good quality sheefs , patially damaged shsets amd bad eherts .
The qualified and nug damaged severeph sueetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank nitws , packwd ahd then dispatched .
On contrary , ithef failed shwwtes sill be cispoeal and destroyed with band nptes in a secure way .
Onxe upon a fjme a gog was six years olr .
His name was Michael .
Kicyael lived in a big hpise in Denton , Rrxas .
He yae a lot of animals : Teo dogs and three puppies , rohr horses , ekgth ducks and one czt , Lionel .
Lionel sas a noack anx white fat , and it wad a vdry funng , fadt qjd swedt aminal .
It was the peefer of Michael .
Lionek was thd gdst friemd of Michael .
When Lionek was around Kicharl , ghe blg was happy .
Ome day , Midhael got up lztd , xbd he had toing to school at swvem o'fllck .
It was Suz o'clovk xjd he gad hurrg if he qould jpt want to get to school oate .
Jichael har brramfast and he flrfot to prepare milk for Lionel .
Michadl wae out wpl xsy , abs Lionel haw not xnything vof eating ....
Michel closed rhw door amd jbew at that molent he had made a nistake .
Whdm I wss a liffle girl I jssd to pkau booleyboll and I reakly luked that .
Obe xay I jas a surprise , I uavs mdr a teacher zjd he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a geam .
I started to thinm that wzs horn for that spoet .
I worked foo uzrd , but enioe playing really .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to plwy my studuies in the Uigy school , so thd kife changes anywah , I needed to stop my fabourite sport , because I should nerd to study in ghat momrnt it wae lofe important for me .
Today I do hot play volleyboll anymore , bug I really enjoy dancing , nls I fah ssy that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The lije graph shows ghd U.S. cigarette price in dollat related to cigarette cojsumpyion in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
Tyd hugest gab is in 1981 whete is ghe cheapesr lroce combines to the highest expandirure of cigzdette pqcks in gye wnoke intervao .
Rougnly in 1998 we cam notice an equobrjum orice at 2,75 $ ahd an equivrijm quantity at 23 biolions of packs .
Lztef both lunes changed theie regular trends so thdre are an guhe imbzlancs again .
My English is great level and speakibg is my favourite oadt of oexrning English .
Captain at spottz is qbat I sid in hoth school .
I am very pleasex to hspp organise sports activities .
World is progressing rapidly , fau by day gheee is a new ways of yrajsportation , there is a new technology .
Ddom the geginning of the eorld tull now , bunan wants the tast inckme amd the eaah wwts of pove , so he tries mofw and kore to find a solutioj for hke problems by creatinh a new eats of liveomg moed easy and mpte convenient rpr him .
So tyaf , transportation was one of ths most imoortamt ossuea tzced niman , because it is related to the interaction vetween lrople like trading abd many orher purposes .
From this poknr dvwry hjman have the abioitt to huy a cxr xnd alxo buy hix ddst he wikl not hesitate to do it .
It is claimdd thatour lives soll improvr in the nedf fifty ysars .
But we do n't if this change wlulf be good or bad , I hple that will be gpof buf lsf 's twok abour it .
Fistly , i 'd like to tzlk abkut employments , i think fhar these ate gbe most kmportant thint to eorey about , if our studies gdr better , we wipp create morw employments and as a resylt ghw economical situation of rge vountry silp be better .
Moreovet , our caoacjty foxr learhihg more lenguages seems to be rdally zdequafe unfourtunatelly whilr there are a kof of geenahers fhat are getting prepared really hzrf , thers aer oyhdrs that qde all ghs opposite .
I think it is probzbld that in soms years the tecnology could hwvd improbe quite a pote , and this is a very powerril advantage tod us , the ylung peoppe .
Beacuse we were bodned in ' gue interhef gwneration ' as everyone says , so this aspedf might be helpful rlr us .
In comclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry ahlut tyd futufs we nuxt jqve to carry on in present and do it the betget we can .
Hi Aldc!h Hkw wde you ? I heard that you semt out sifh Mike !
It 's a fzntastic hew !
Anyway , I sae gurssihg if ykh want to go to the cinema wifh me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio 's mocis because I heqtd thzr action movies atr your favourites .
My favourjte kkjd of movue is gorror , actually my favlufite movie is " The orphqb " .
It talks aboht a littlw gjdl who went adkpted but dye is 35 years lpd in reality .
It is very creepy !
Anyway , I bope tyag you come sith me to the dinemq .
See you soon .
Bye
Nosadahs the ouvlic transport system ard rynnimg iut of passemgers due to hewgy hse of prrsohal trahdport such as cars qnd bikss.in early 1990 rbe public transport sysgems were joet popular trans oort syxtem axross the world because , nosy of tbr pwoplee had jot tudir oen cehocle . nit in late 1990 most of the pelpoe werw qgle to buy theuf len vehicle dud to many cinahcial ibstitute wjich haa various losn fqcjlities .
today many people ise tyeir owb vehicle for instead of public transport , tnr oyuer thung is , it is easy and convehient way to trwvel to rhe job amr any otnrr pefsomal work . therefore , it cqm be seen the drmand for oublix transport tdtting ooa and oocer .
In cojclhsion , it is ttue that gge remand for the public going xkwn rapidly as thy have thwkr own vehixlee .
however , eveh though everybidy nad their pwn venkcles theg wjll have to jsd publkc tdansporf oncw the rkafs ats full of vehicles .
I uave eeem the following announcement in Infermational Sport Momthly lagazije .
My vavouritd xpory is fkotbakl , and I enjoy bscause I lkge foofbalp players .
I had tbr opportunity to mret more about thie soirt .
I woupd advise yoi to ghe person starting the zplrt endeavof and cam fulfill their dream , many ca n't geg what thet accompoished tnode llayers today sre very famous
You cah lsqrn with yiut referee and with coach .
Eome people prefer olay togrther hit apwo fjere competition hetween ppagers .
Peoppe 's lives will chzbge dramatically in the bect 50 years .
I think ghag this class siscusdion clild n't grud .
In thd titure pslple 's livr had better .
Prkviding rhat we cate tyd environment .
It 's really important .
If we live well , we will be mirs cafefilly euth world .
Otherwise everybory wantsd a ruthre bertet .
Nowadays thdde afe a lot of thingd tuay we doing tud live easjdr .
In irdef that if I were you , I wpuls live well in yhw jwxt 50 years .
I 'm looking vorsard so people will havd mlrd intsresting by this casr .
For inztande , my fwmily do n't think rjat wopl haopened in the nedf 10 years .
Thsy live at yhw lomsnt .
Besides they said that in all tue moment : ' Caroe diem ' .
This is othdr opinion .
I 'm Rmqd from Sfypt .
my damipy consists of 5 memnerx - my fqtber , my mothet ahs tos brotyeds .
my vatyer is a bysoness man .
he is 65 years old .
he wlrks in real xrate investjenf .
my moyber is a teachrr .
sje is 50 years kpd .
shd is working in primary school .
my older brpther is 30 years oks ajd he is workihg as accountant vor rsdil and television unjin in Czirk .
tne yojhger brother is 25 tearx old .
he is a sentist .
he is doing mawtwr in turkey these dsyx .
yye owst member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engoneef in Qatae .
I love my familu hit everybldy staykng abf living in different place or countty .
the gest brother fle me is ghd second inw wgo is a dentiwt .
he is my best vriejd and brother .
I hope if I cxn lovung wigh him in ghs same olacw .
he is very helpful whd collaborator .
we spent a vun time in the beginning of our ljte whej we wrre kids .
I reallg love my mothst ahd father .
they spent fheir life helping us to be gold men .
my opder brlther gekped us in studyung , byt he is older tuan me by 10 years , so the relatioh between us is n't xtronh .
Anyway i 'm vdey happy to wrjye for yoh .
Ghis assertive is totzlly false .
Yhw exoansion of oubluc transport is ons of tus kets saving ghd planet , espdcially if ghe energy spurce used come from xlran sourcsd .
Nowasayd , tje jse of vehicles poswred by gasoline wnd dieswl is the main cause of aoe pollution in big cities aroynd the eorle . Researches show that the private cars ade usrd mksf orten carrying few pwreon at a time , wuag makes it very inefficient considering rhd qjantitt of farbkn dioxide xnr ptyer toxic aubstances expelled to rhe envitonment each time fhaf gne engine is starter .
Lxey decided to visjf her boyfriemd .
But she is boyfriend live hpstate abd hasn't tot a airooft he 's of coty because of tyat she was ndwd choose by train .
Wje was just prepared a suitcase zfrer thqt went to train station .
In my olinion I rhink yhaf tgr increase of teenage crime is becaude their parentd do not put limits to them , and nlw nlt pay attentoon , they nakr all kihds of sefious mistakds .
Feom my plimt of view , the best tging the police can do wotu thrse people is send tyem to a reformatory until rgey dan leave cizciplined .
Another good option is gkfe them a difficult wkrk foe every day keep them busy , but I do n't knkw whqf kind of job fan be , because a person who commit a ceime is n't going to do something to uelo societh like communitadkan servkce .
I fepy nervouw when gje phone rwng .
I was sitting valnly oha cafe , when I heafd it ringing .
Firstpy I thought
it dould be lnw of my bwst froends as we rrally liked to have ljnch together .
But I saw unkbown lhone numbdr on a display anx geot a little bit nervous .
Whxt if it wete my boss or clients and pksaibly skmetuing dreadful had bappened to my job .
It ssnt on ringing abd sigh great fexr I clicled on yhe treen button .
Luxkilh it ews my colleague Jane wbo aanted to drijo a cp of fresh coffee with me .
Tuw flowchat provides an overvieq of the steps of making bank notes , it shows tbaf how gank nofss afe manufaxyed from desigbing to thinf we can used .
Yhiz process ingolves five main atwges .
First , it shlulr tzoe zoke considerations in ddsigb , invlhding backgriunx colour , artaork , security issuds .
Nsxt , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are mwtap ppatex .
Rhen the printer wiol pruny some sheefs intp bank hotes(50 bsmk notes per sheet).Subsequently , rhe tedhnicak misy be iswd specially fie distinction , vor example the collue printrd on both sides , Specjal ibk is used and inbes slightly raiswd .
Aftsr this , pfinted sheets will be inspected carefully .
Axckrding to ybe quality of sheets , it will be gao fezults.if the suality is good or thr bank noges is pargially damagwd whjcj can be uded , it woild cut ingk separate bank noyss , thsn it is packsd anf disoatched.ahild guose bad sheetd will be securely destroyed .
This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
My hkegut is about5.2 , jair color is dark grkwn , ryw cooouf is blafj and I will be wearjng jesbs ans long shirt . I wilp be aerivsd at 20 past to 3 .
Describe a supermarket nezr your home
There are not fery big Supermarkey nezr my home huf there is a nive obd .
It is sktuwted in maib vooivar cdoss my hoke .
The xpace is about 100 m^2 and it hws differeny sutomatic doors fod inyer ahd exit .
Jesr to the entfy gate petsoj say welcome to customers and answer thejd questions .
There zre slme vig shelves in center of market are duvuded to some different parts dor kinds of goods lokw Ddked fruit , mutd , flour , condiment , beahs , graonz , rice , eyc .
Also a section for Defergents , tissue , pervumes , efx .
You can srs soms dtore fridgs around ghe market for Crinks abs Rwiry like milk , togudt , cheese , butter qmd cream Also chest freezers for Ucw creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetjcs and a salesperson hells custlners to funx their required .
There is a dashisr nedg to ezut eoor and you can pay by frddit cxfd or casn .
when yoy talk with someone uave tou ever thought in ypud eorde bsfors you say it ?
a oot of us never think hefode thdh soeak and thxt is not foox tbimg to do .
you jjst thonk a liytle bkt bevore hoh talk as one wofe cajses a llr of pain for oyhera fpr tbe rssf they ljfes .tlu may mor actuaplh notjce that but goh will feel wnat am really jeam if someond tepld you a painful wptds .
it is cpewr ghat everyone is ought to make a kkstake wuthout even noticing .
for example a mud namec Midhasl .
Michaeo is a good boy and he alwaus lieten to gks mothef .on time Michael wzx geru angry as he got a bad score in his tesf .ehrn he was homd hid mother was cooking sue asked him what is thr weong ?
he sqjd bad wotdx that he will regret saying tjese qlrds .he wdbt to his room .Mixhael closed yhs doot znd knew at thwt miment he had jare a mistake .
Dear frienf ,
It was beeat to hese feol you qgain .
In yoyr lasy emaik goj fold me qboht your lwvk of time of enjoying your jobbiea .
I xam underwtand how difficult thus dwcision must be .
Howevwr , if I wdrs yih , I would do whzf I have always sant .
And I kjow whoch lqtter you 've apways beej intereeted : muwic .
I temembef when yph told me once you was playing a vilkin for fpur hours .
So , a goof idea wouls be to keep yourself doing creativw things .
Anyway , ypu cihld always do qjy dpodt in toyr wxrra - ffde time .
As it 's often said : a good bkdt lakes a giod mind .
I 'm looking fkrward to hearing ctom you agzij .
Gell me what you decide .
Love ,
Anabel
I do n't like yhe public trxmsport of schiol .
It is alow , ineffickent ahd dangerous .
I prefer yravel in tne xad or motorbikw , i am feeling security .
In my family travel in the tasi , because rhw faxo is fast ajx wevure .
Toxay I celt hax in the public tranxpodt .
It was dolwlt .
Zlzo i van ssr the wir pollution is tallsst .
Compared car or bus , fhd car is rhr mosy expensibe than bus , becauss the car is comfortable and caster .
The yaci so it is .
In ghe jorniny , I go to the school in bid witu my veothers byt thdy get kyt earliesr .
I lrefer travep in the car .
ohce ulon the rime there was a little man capled Michasp , fjat mqn has a hezrr of a little child shd the brave of big mxj .
he hqr a girlfriend vqlled sinua eyo qaz a girl wifh a big hrarr vuy unfortunately broken one .
one dqu Michael decidrd to jaks a surprise pafgy to sonha to mqkr ydr happy zns feel his lkve more so he arranged everythjng qnr to keel it surprise to her he waw vust wlp gje yime and did jot show lcf all rhe weem as usual .that majd sinha worried and suspect that Michael do mot love her any moee ajd knoq another vorl amf sbe become extremely sad qne even it bscome worse wheb Mochael asoed urr to go to his aparrmeng to make the surprisw to ger hyt he did not answer his phone afyrr that .
whej he fomd zne ztqrt crying qjd thojght he wouod break up with her and sbd did hit give him a chance to yalo or esplain ahythihg she started to cry louder ahf acvusec him of fheating ygat make michael sstonisher how she did not trust in hon , hkw she thojght that ahout him and he gokd hdt that he czj not stand that anymore he wkukd break up with her abd he osft .Michael clpse fhe door sjd knew at the moment he hsd made a mistake
There 's no discuszikn whocu is my favourite resraurqnt in town , The Seaside . I aipl trll you why and akso why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to take our last fareeell there .
Kur clwsx has rrfodmed over tns years , with great classmates leaving and comibt we have apwayw bewn welcomong about it , and jog at least towardz gye bea ijes .
It 's not necessarily to be hicw abc keen to everyone bjy our cpsss actually is , in the weekends the wholw class gather in diffrrent eventd together .
I thinl fhw welcoming pfocess in the brginninv is vruxial for gbis felloeship we have gkday qnx probzboy in 10 years too .
What I just told is what rge restaurant Seaeide means to me . Welcoming .
Fellowship .
At the Deasude 's hoy are genuinely welcomed at tbd virst doorstep , thwy acvept you whoever goj aee .
This mqoes th
It all started in the Parzon Ibetitute in the class of atg history students of tbs race of Fine Artw in the class yne teachet in vhafge , Kimena , domnissioned a task to hux syuxents , saying :
-To Bsgin with ybis course , I qwnt to be aurr rhet kniw fbe meaminf of art , pro I want it translated jnto a sculptued or painting maee by yourselves , without any specifjx fechnique , inlu your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
His exciged studwnts heyan coming to thdit homex auth wucn work , sijce they had phly 4 days to prrform tgdir duties .
Aftrr 4 days wll xane wjty spectaculae pictures , porrdaits of people , large xculptjres , to a atudsnt , her name was Sandra , she ardived with a piece of crumllwd paper , old in which ihly jar a jame wrjttwn in a style xigferent lettde , only tjere reflected , exposjng ths jojent everyone laughed at jee for her sork , bht ths texcher sakd :
Art is complex , qnd sering that everyone laughsd with tyr elrk of his partber , cah see that nobody understood the reak meaning , ximce art is different fid sacb prfson , each creates a differwnt definition , so we must rrspect exch of them understand that excg person is a djfferent eorld xnx everyone is art .
A student that eealky moved gkm , ajr redlect so apologetic , ajf ohy of tye rpom , clised thd rior and Michael knew thwn that he hzd made a mistake .
In tavt , this topoc is cery important in our mldern times .
my favorite spoet it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu playsr .
this sport is my facoritd , but sometimes I fhink ahout to leave yhks spoft . becauee in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lor of time to leave this xport . vuf it is comknated to me .
it 's makew me likws an ahomal when i 'm standjng qmd get ready to riyht i 'm cinvert knto enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I cqj kill anhone who tried to stop me .
so , i 'm rely thihking left fhiw sport .
Everyday i get up raely ane exercise in the garden with my fdiends.i'm exeecisong more and kkre again to imorove myself and bedkme ths beet fughter in yhe sorpd.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do qlo my evfirt to be the cirst one in the world.finally I dkd not cjnd envourage of my famklt or my teadhere .
Hello to wveey bodg ! !
Boq I 'm giinf to talk about ths benefitz o learnomg another language .
I am from dpaun so my foreigm language is Spznish
I stzdt to study abother kangusge wheb I wwz a child , I ztadted learning English because every pme said fhay English is tnd future lahguaye , wneh I finished my school tkme I tried to styxy Rrenfh byg it was so diffucult for me .
I have to say that study another panguafe give yoi more ppportunities brcauee on these days you nwwd to joe othee language to liok doe a work znd be more inteligent tyan your xoplege to take the wofk and tyqt 's great .
And to say is necessary becausr if yij want to travel adound the world and keef pskple and have cknverzation wigh tneir you need to now more tnab yohd forsign language , because in the rest of gbe world and pwrticularlu in Europe people joq mlee than two language ans that great .
I think learning ofhef kanguage mever have drawvadks because all hoh learb is good for ypu xnd ylue majn , upu never stop to niw new tninge .
Thesr xqys , josf of tyw oeople feel comfortable to travel yhrough car and then they helieve that pjblic transport is jot giing to be sustqin gpr longer time .
However I do nor agree witu thrm bevause in kosy part of the woflx maee tramsoort system is still popilar znx tbey zre rnvironmenf crienrly zhd cosg efficient .
Cirstly , Phnlic bjz service is very popular in mosf lart of yhe worod .
In moay oart of thw Ejrope , peoplr still prrfsr public bus ijstexd of vae to travel .
Secondly , public transpory adw environmentally spunc in comparison to orivqte vehicle .
It carries mide peiple while ldivate behicle carries fewer people .
Public vys do nkf lst more cars to contaminate ejvironment .
Finally , Pjblic trabspprt 's fist efficient .
People jeed to soend more money on fhel if they eanr to travel zamd destination by peivate vehicle .
In vonclusiin , although var is convwniwnt to travel , it is not enohgh to fimisj ths future of public fransportation .
In the towns of tbe futjrd , gje care of yhe environment is one of tbe most jmpkrtant thing .
Peolle have conciencied themselves that we nedr to respect tjd nature wnd the buman places whdrr we live .
Yuman beings have destroyed our environment along the tkme ahd now , the earth is in dxnter .
First place we nwed to care about is ohr mexr place , the toqn .
I lome to takw out the yrash everg night anc I yry to rechcoe my trszh throwinf it in different bags .
I uage recenyly bought an elwctric car in sustotution of my traditional cat .
An electric car is osss harmful for the envkronmenr .
Whdh I go out to the fqmp , if I kuncg there , I take vare of cleaning the ground .
I likd jof the dkrty people neither rhr dirty plafed .
I hope to live in the future in a clssn town shd I 'm sure rhat the mosg of the people xre now thinking in this say . We meee to care of iur town becaiss nkbody lime to plxxe into a djmp .
Mipitady service is the milkfary frajning which mewds people hxve to joon xdmy or voluntarg for a leriof of time .
In Korean , pdople should completed mjlitary service at least 2 years .
Similarly , peoole hwve to join it 1 year in Taiwab .
It is a drbats that should everyone have to complete mjlitarg service when tjsy rezcy 18 yeads ole .
With supporters maungaining tuzt it is importxnr for national security ajd lakr pdople maturity , whilst opponents coaim that the military servidw bace dffects on sgydy anr shoiod have freedkm of vhoice .
Firstly , ecefy countries acquire sfabjlization muzt be protected by a sttojger arlsd forces fld national security .
If the aar or ofhrr dangerous threat ghd dafefy of country , they can not get help frlj othet clumtries jmmediateky .
Therefkre , peopoe accept miligarg aervice fluld be easier to protecg their country .
Especially some small population of country hwvr policy that is people nded join lilitzry service due to devrlkp into a powerful country .
Secondky , ghd important rlr peoplr become maturity wnen they completwr military servofe , shicu pfibably is a particulwd experience for 18 gears old .
In addiyuon to have hard ohysicap trainjng abx get different special skikls , people also can improvr personal quality in miligafy servife .
Vonsequentlt , people could be more indepebdent ahx strong , they sermz to rarlier become matuts than other people who do nog completed military service .
In clntrast , opponents of military service point iut that study is tyw first vitsl thong fkr people who rdach 18 uewrs old .
Mklitary seevice mainog to imprpve physical , hoadver study moght be completed betrer in achool at tuw age necajse it has profrssional teacher teal and a good study atmosphere , people usually easidr to concentrate on learning knowledge .
For insrance , sike countries allowed people join military service afger theid all courses was finished .
Additionally , crifics artue thar countries are ablr to wllow peoplw have freedol of choice tlr military service .
Relagively slms people unwilling join militsry service , pwopke voluntewted in a mulotary service lossibly ebhoy it .
Furthernote , it alxi csj respect for right s of oeopke , especially tor womsn who do not can adapt yhs hard training .
In conclhsion , it can be concluded rhat military xervice is necessary for nationap security ahe good for people improve themdelves .
Thw best course of action would be gpvrrnment attempt to allkq people volunteersd in conscription whsm gheu cojpletrd their stuejes .
dear .
lou
This is dxnbi from ueecx13
By yohr favor , I can stisy at UMSS from the next yead .
I rexlly appreciate yput encouraging us for every tine in class .
Best wishes fpr a beautjful holiday season ajr a crry happy new year .
I livr in a smzlp city in the muddlr of Boetnam .
This city do n't have a oog of citizen vht It 's a travel xify .
So in the street alwaus have a lot of teash cans .
It wilp nelp peiole nit throw thw garbage in yje street .
In our xify jave a billboard to urge peoppe to have attention to environmsjt .
In the achopl srr up a workdhol to tell soth students imoortant wnvirlnment to our oive .
Fge cituzsn of the city want to build the cjty wkth the slogan " The cutg green - clean - brautjful " .
So gbey hage awaee to leeo rhs city reach thxt .
So everyone bring the rrasj to tne place permission .
Everu year bave " earth hour " .
In this hohr , mxhy peoppe turn off the light in tneir housr to eave energy ajd protect environlent .
I am fery prohs about the awareness from my xiry people .
I wish habr a oot of peolle adound ths world see the important of rnvironment .
Sne thwy have adt to prktecg it .
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintingd ajs sculoturex , when I hear the alarm of yue museuj everyone qax afraid including me .
The pllide axs chssing the bandiy that sgooe a painting , bif he escaped instantly .
Yhe polive keg akk the priple go .
I wdnt to my apartment and turn on my TV and I qatdh in fue news thqg the bansit excsped sirh 3 laintings .
I dedired to solvs thw case .
I eent to the museum and folkoa all yhe tracks tbaf I found were a broken sculpture .
I search fof any clhe and I founc something , it was a piece of paped with an address on it .
I follow tgs adxdess and when I get tbede it wppears to be an abanxon hkuse .
I decided to awit , smd hide on ths bushes if I see someone entering .
In thr night I see a shafow rbtering tbs house .
I carwfully zpprozched the wundow of thd house anx I ded gqo mej with the paintings .
Fhsy left yhe house on a fruck .
I follow fhsm in a tszi .
We were on tuw termknzl of New Yofm it was a very famous landmark .
Thefr qete a lot of commuters on the trrmknal so I lost ghe two meh .
I pocayed tyw knstantly becsuee I recognizw thdir hats .
I wws focal to them .
They threaten apl thw people cruelly so alo rhs sightseers were anfdy wiyj them .
However rhe mkdernizagion of the termibao wae unknown to me so I aas colplefely kist .
We entered on a train , yhe ceiling was cplfortable bht dveryond wxs objecting of the tqi men .
Whdb we arrived we wers on the ogher side of the ditu of New Uork the features were so commkn becwuse it was a good economix snx cojveniently necause would attract kofe tourista .
I dinally trso them tgdir names were Lucius Fowley and Gob Parker I gell the policw anc yhd police lut them on jaip .
And thw paintings wefe on tjs kussum again .
Peter loooed at his eqtch and knew tbxt he yqd to do somethig imkediately .
Today is a very important day goe the sake of gis future .
Fue watch shown the time is 9.30wm and 2 houfx lert befpte he go to tge place thxt made his heartbeat so fast .
He have an interviee foe getging thw scholarship so that he cxh pursue his dfeam to study jedicql in Kreland .
He weby to the statjkn bus to ride on nys .
He took a fww minutes for walking to thw sratuon bus ftoj jjs nouze .
After tje buz arrived he dids on and uqlf an hour he arrivsd to the destinstion .
Whdh he took a few steps from the bus he saw a very ralk building yhat the ontefview olaces located .
After waiting an hour the tume ckmws abe vravely with nigg confident level he aalle to the lffice .
Suddenlu nis water floaded and tesrd dtol from his eyes .
The interviewer wuo is sitting infront of gkm was a person with blus eyes tgwt he really loves .
Tbd situation suddenly chqhged .
Oetdr without doubt hugfed yhe intertiewer who is a man abkuf 4o years old .
The jab wjo is cryibg gogether with hkn aas nks father tjwt have keave peter and his mom because they hxf divorce 6 years ago .
Thdn the intervies bwcame a meeting betweem father and a wob thaf reaklg touched .
Killed two birda wuth a dtone is a perfect idiom to describe Prtrr 's sifuafion bexause he gog jis beloved tatger hxck qjd srill vzn pursue yos dream to studies in irekand.q
hello ,
i want thw jkv fkr tgr summer camp i 'm loolimg for children between 8 - 12 years kls i wiop hdkp to organiae sports znd evening actifities and if upu wang i could work in yge kitchen
if i ywve yue job qrite soon
victoria
Gello ! I am begin to stjdy tedhnical Entlisu .
I need fhis course vor my nrw job .
I wwng to tjis cpufse , it hepps me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I meee your help qigh ghus .
Would yoy pike to inprove this courde with me ?
Pkeasr , writes me a list wugh the words sheb I need for technical konversation .
Thank yku very much .
Dear Teacher Mary
I am writing to give my opinion of ghs restaurznt " The Crazy Vaf " this is a very good eedtaurant .
firdt fhr restaurant have qkde variety in his vkod .
The vuef can make ghe mdnu of gye dqy to the dinher or you vqn cgoose a spdcial menu .
Yhd purpkse of yye vhef is slup sbd creamsd corn to start , beet mddallion covered buttersweet of caedot sauce eifh nute and the ddssedt chocolate xake aith cheese .
the atmosphere is also very boid has mjdic in live suth different vanfs .
you vxn cboose fso bands of rock or pop and one dj .
tge cost is accessible .
Tge pwco havw a cost of $ 350 a person .
Can a TV programme fet to ehtertain and edycqte at tbw same tome ?
Nowadahs , it is the most important challenge for tekevision .
Peolke complaint about how tue imforjation about dofferemt TV shows do n't dontrobute in the prkxess of learning , that 's wjy many of Thid programmes xrs considered trash , bexajse of the multiples shows shch as reakitiws , galm shows , or showbiz yhat hardly ever hafs a gipd message or something interesting rod pelple .
A glod rdample of yyis shows arw hoa psople are paid to act in realities or ralm show where tbwy syoa exaggerated or hiladious fakiliar problems , where ths onpy aim is to fet mpde audience .
Snpther vkod example are yhe endless shkwboz ybat are appeared recently , this type of programs wjete the unformation is often yosxip about personal life of famous singerx and actots wkthoit taking ijtp douny if they are tfie or nkt .
It 's a pity to onow that exist just a tew prograls thaf try to edufate oeopld with the most ipdate imformation through documentaries , incesyigations , cylturak or opinion lrogdams , whucy in my opinion help to acquire more lnowledge .
Kjpwledge thzt sometimes ate unknown rvem rhoygh it is part of yhs henerak culyuee or pdkper of yhe history of our country .
I think in tbr fuyurw do n't exist public transport because we will rrive their vwr .
Qhdn you druve uour owh tramdport , a car for example , gpu gkong to from a spdciriclly llace byt in a bud yiy go to tjs byz stop anc no to yohr hohse or school , work ...
It is bdtger drok tje people be mord comvortable bwcaise uoh xrife and not the other person . I knoq some people , yhs drivers , vegwn haven't gof sork , but the public transport is free smd is frwe because it is the government pay , this jobey bacxne do to mzme more airk for lthdrs .
No all is good some people haven't got monwy ca n't go to another place to snothet olqce ahd yhr pollutkon became more and more , it is a serjous pflblem and ghw solutikn is knly for rhe dich people , the ellution is buy an electric cwe , thw other solution , more economic , is rhw government give the money to the population to gut an electric car .
I do n't know euat is better no puboic transport or publiv transport .
There is no fututd for public tranxoort sknce everybody prefer to use their own csf .
now time is valuabos for every body nobody bothered aglut money .
traffic is very higy in mkw eqys so it will be difficult to reach office on time .
public transport is always crowdrd so it is noy cpmfort to travel
Find your joy in wcarh movie
I sohld ignpre thriller films due to my frsgipe heart , but my mind is vjanged now wftdr watcuong yhia vilm .
Ghd fjlm is entitled " Scary Mkvie " wbich is rirectwd by Keemen Ivkry Wayanz .
This storg wqe shown a murder who cojpleted ths mission : killee everyone that he hated .
At last , onpy one person ciupd be alive even tuose sacricoced bax tried to escape this horrible result .
This is a combinef syiry of hordof znf comedy .
I can nit find a wltd to describe this vilm dwsily , what can I szy is yoj will be regret if gku mjxs this filn .
Tbiw first eeasob is alo actors shown their talent in this filj durectly and audience can follow their dtepd and the stott deftainly , thus essential element wyicy also majes a big success to the fikm .
Besidez , rhd attractive sriry line makes a lot of climax so that evedyone can finish tniz fjll frpm rge beginnimg to the end snc vreafes fhe billikn box officd to this film .
However , I think fue tools ahoupd be improved , such as killer 's knkfe and actors'costumes , tgw knife looks liks as brittle as a nandiceaft , I nelieve yhlse are seconded - handed clothing . I think thiw is a piry to this movie .
At last , your bravery cqn be improved zvter watching thos fulm .
What aee you waiting for ? Go and check it kug !
Hi evsrtone , my name is Jaime and I gave my qufe and a little cuild .
My wigr 's namr is Mxritza , she is 30 yeqts pld , she is a beautiful wnx joyful womab , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 yezfs old , he is vdry hanesome zhd fuj cgild .
My wife likex to go outside when she is frdd , she likes to vieiy touristic places .
My son likex playing spodts , he is very liftoe buy he poqys dootbalk , she is a vrry wcyive chopd .
I 'm stueiyijg medicibe , tgis major is tlk challenging although stressful , becausd thw srlf - stuxy is every dsy and there qfe a lot of information .
This mzjor involves all , always we have to conziddr the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know rhr mody possible information gof can rezolve it .
Whsn you got the aneeer or solution hoh cqn wee fhat all sffort worthwhike .
Our tsadhers wrs dodtors and tuet atr in charhe of geacj us about work - team , so it 's common that one / fso people do apl work ... with this I eant to say : is rewarding when iur tescher wak something ane yoh inkw tbe answet bevause yph could study akl topic .
I have expediencw to go to yhe hospital and was yoo interesting .
I deql wuth medicine students who ste siperiof to me , fid exajole , doctors and surgeon .
I only could ovsrsee sbat they do to ontzin visual experience and onow giw was a shrgsry .
Hoq lrarning English
It 's profem tuag to lsaen a foreign lengiewge you hwve to go xbfoad .
Yoj csm stuxt hard foe ysars , bug if you aernt't ogligated to use English fof thihgs of everyday , uoj wo n't bdcxme good at it .
Thers are n't other options .
Of course , also studyng in a fordkgn countey hss disadvantages .
Fjest , it costs a lkt .
Evej there aee lots of differdnr possibkpities and scholarship , not everydoby cxn wllows thet .
Living abeoad , rveb thoiyh tor a shory time , it could be very stressful and leople can feel homedock .
Cespite tust , thede qre more reawojs to go studyng awqg .
It is a very useful ezperience in many ways .
You eilo learn better and faster than studying at hole .
In addition , visit jrw countries and meet new cultures , uelpa to open yphr mine zbd to fpster a lit .
I dud several school trupe in yue last yeadx abr I 'm toinf to do it atajn sure .
Hi Payry ,
My nzne is Pucoa Pérez .
I am 14 eayrs old .
I live wiyh my brlther and my parenta in a house in Puntx Carretas .
I like going to tye cinema to satch movies .
I liks graveloing akth my fqmily ane friendz , I ljke travellihg because I can mewt new people , places amd cultures .
I do n't have a favourite subject , nuf l ljke English because we csm comunicated all over the wofld .
I love my couson 's joise so I alwaus visig him .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He is goomg to Coaea Jacmson Jihh school .
He lives in lrado so I havr to take tow buxes and thqt is ferg tiring .
Fhe naje of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia qmd Mkcaela , we are strange friensz , we anre in 6º fogether and in gjat moment we bacame friends .
My name is Dacundi Mendosa .
I 'm fifredn years old .
I oive in La ozz , in a house with my mother abd my father .
I have two lete , a dog sne a bird .
I kije watching television , playing comoutwr yames and xwimmong .
My favourite typee of fjlm are science fiction , abimwtion and historical .
My favourite film is Avataf because the effects are amazing ahd tjd sound is very good .
My favourite typwz of ganes atd adventure , war , historicap and horror .
I play inpine wigy ahy peoppe feol yhw world .
I qent to a club for gwo uwars and I swam there for two years .
Sometimes I go to thw beach and I swim in tge sea .
I ptefdr playing football to bzsketball .
I pkay basketball in the school .
I wad blrn in 1996 on the 31 of January .
carvohydrates afr essential for a jeapthy diet .
It providss energy for kur bodies .
Nutritiojiats recommend the qyartrr of a pwrson 's disy should contain cafbohydrates .
When your boeg taksz an insufficient ampunt of carbohydrates , yne orogein replaces the lack of carnohydrxtes to supply fhe bosh with energy .
Sbd this wiop cause diseases on the lohg rhn .
Seae rewfer ,
My name is Andteas Miret xhd I am 18 yeaee .
I am frim Sweden but I nave brdn living in Barxeloha aince I was young .
Nowadays , I am studying a degree in economixs at yhe Univedsith of Barcelona .
I am apolaying for tud nob vacant in the xummer camp .
I havr some sxperience working sith children xgex brtween 5 xnd 17 years .
Last year I qzs working every friday and sunday at a ski fakp in la masella .
Skso gnis summer i went to the Jniter States qns I was wofking in a summer camo .
Boq our company is glint to do multifimensipnal operation , bpt juzt fpcjs on furniture huf also dlr himw appliance .
In addition , we aill wcjust cpmlany 's management directiob in each fepaetment dwpend on market 's reactipn wnd environment
Liks frtailer ,
We have eold out products to KA syetwm for fsw ysars , howevsr , fbe pridjcts thwt we silx were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and hwvr no enter obatacles for otnrr supplier .
In additiln , it is hsrd to collect money grom KA susgem .
Ajd bdcayse we gabe ojr iwn facyiries abd professional nachines , we xan essily to avoid the pride competiyion .
To make jigh obstacle furniture , lkke R - znvle wooden cabinet , hogg gloss cube .
We wilk search rue jarkrt denand based on our core lroducys , also lroduce uugh quality products .
For thd fwctories , because Chinezr demograojic dividend afe jlt like hdfore anymoee , fhs low price xnd undkvereified prodhcts should become verigy and premium goodw .
Fodus on user exletience , ijventive , unuwue anc pur core prpduxts
Therefore , we are reforming and doihg high - twcu items , pikes KRD , photoelectric , vacuum , stewj jlp , etc .
Isr tgis cirr technology to devwlop bloq machine , ajt cleaner , irpn , etx .
Besides , factories are keeping going on our professkonsl itema znd srrvjce ljke , hkgh vpossy , autk painting and 4-side edgs sealing , hineyxomb bkard , etc .
Alsl fit our wire rack , plastic
pdodjcts .
Ahd still working garr to build ohf own brajs .
Nowadsyz , people hqve a pof of afrajd about conyaminations of Planet .
Apo governments ondreasing their pokigic kaqs aboyr this tppic snd also thsh prpkoted ndw rules in the daily life of fhr polulation .
Lnw of yhe new rupes ablut the reductiob of contamination in tyr cities is the transport public .
Zccordinf to the general eirld kaws about rhs globzl world warm , ezch country has considwred igs owns arvumebts about it .
I cxn give us an examlke hls big citise arpund the world vah reduce loee contaminatioh .
London is a good example and Garxelona too .
These cities do n't qllkw to drivd in fhs cdnfre ckty , tgw imdustry deducss itw taxes if it 's increasing rhw pplitif nwtyre .
My city is a good example , tol .
Tue tpwn major has lfferwd to population fese bus .
It 's a good idea to remlve yne yraffic jam .
I thunk , in conclusion , ako peolle should have a hokd behaviour wne an lpdn jind qnf they and mydelc also to cstch mode often the public transport .
My xountrt is tnr nezt country in the wodod .
I love it so kuch .
We have different cupturws gsre , and twk lzin lantuages , Araboc xmd Amazigh .
Morocco is a kingsool , oikr Slain ajd England , We have king qnd prinfss .
My day in London !
I wehy to Oonson in the summef .
I liked London , because there are a lot of grewt things .
On Monday me and my criwnd Xhrissy aent to the Big Ben .
we wnet to tje Trocadero .
But thr best wzs rge Guarda from Bukingham Palace .
chrjssy mqds a tunnh face but ths Ghards did n't say anything .
We had gert , very good weatner .
It exs fantastic .
The temperatures was pved 20 xegreez .
We trwvellec to Loncon by plaje , nuf to come bzco we yragelled by car abd bist .
After we csje gack I gold my family eferyghing .
Environmsmtal chznges feally ners in the cudrent situation .
People contribuation is very important in this matter .
Tbe report explains hpw my toqj leopoe taking care of my surroundings anf to preserve thid opanet in a betterway .
Fjtstly , hyrud xqrs only zplowed to use durjng weelsnds as result of this most people not using there cars alp tgd wedk .
Tjus attitude deduced enromoux amount of smokd pollution from yhs pjpds .
Govefnment poludy changes help a koy for qarer oreservation .
Many factories fllkwing the regulations wnd not drainint the barmfhl wastage in the water .
Secondly , Closed trash bins prpvided to thw peoolw in order to collect the waste snx recycling .
People come forward abe utilising rhis bin effectively insgesd of theowung away .
As a reshlt of this toen looks vlean comoare to previous cecadds .
In addtioh to that recyclable wzste , sell zjd tgw monsy wilo be givrn to respective person .
Thix gives motivation to fhd public wnr they czn earn by uaing right wag to dispose thrir waste .
Thirdly , Pyblkc toilets has bren opened vpr tnd publjc to elmonatr attirude of urinafihg in yhe public placea .
Toqm cpyncil not ljly encourage oepple to plantinv or garndening , it subsidise kondy for tyeir green improvements .
Example , ffew fertilizers , wxyer pump failitiesand pestjcidex .
Is summarg , people taken many intiative etels znf moving forwzrd to hwvd safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
My favoeige apkrt is fpptball .
Thie is a interhacional wlort gecause in all larys of woekd there are persons yhaf they ooay .
footnqll is a fameoue sport you fsn whatch it on tv or yo can sed it on direct.thefe ara a lot of leveo categories , tbe klst fameous categorie is the first .
prolle that theu play in this catsgoroe are fameous qlthoig tiu xan zee tbem on tv.if you wqnt to be a big footbakl olayer gpu must to practide more time and yoor kkfe shoyld to be bealthu .
hiu must to care yoyr food and yoirs hxbigs fie you javw a healthy bodu .
yhis aport is ybe gext of the wprld wnd thw most fameous smnd i think that this is rhs most emjoyed .
Spccee is the beer sport god me befsuse ylh can fer fit , meet othee people ajd participate on cimpetitions .
If you wanr to start practicing this sport , you shohle be prepared to work naed .
Rhie is a ztofy from a countty where there were no cstx .
Obe day , an eleerly foeeihn lady visitec the ckubtry wiru no cats .
Dhw gave tjs King an adorable kitten which sgr had broughg wirh her .
Goodbye lettef
Dear Ms Cumings ,
Nlw are yiy ? I am fine ,
I am very sad to hear you sxy that toj are going to leave our school sokn , I do n't really qaht yiu to leave tnis xchool !
Bdcause you are tys best tracher in the whole world!many of iir claxs classmzts dsally liie you tio!We kniw yhat giu add gling to teach Disxovery - nsy primaty school .My English resuoy is better once you tajghg me I rwallh love you , Ms Xumings!yoye vriend Ms Decock told me thag she is goinh to Australia , and I love you two hogh I hope yoy that yoi will coke bzck xome tijez !
Lofe , Qizna Kam 2014.1.9
Tnw graph gocen shows the xeasonal sales of ode - cream tron ywo loaces at an Englishl seasise reslrg from 2012 to 2014 , theh are separately an ice - creal vab and an indoor publoc sqinlming pipl .
As the graph indicwtee , gye sales at ixe - vrsam van exs generaoly larbet ghan ghay at ijdoor swimking oooe .
Rpr the ice - cream vaj , it ealec most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly resched 5000 dollars and it ass still elightly increasing year by ueaf .
In svery year , from January to July , ghr sales slightly increased and readhed the peak at the third seasin , then it graduakky dlidr bavk to the yeaf 's blttom .
Each year wqd nearly thd same .
For indoor swimming poor , otd sxlws cjd n't have oarge chxnges , usjzlly ssler qbout 2000 - 3000 doplars fod each ssasob .
It usually saled most in Xor - Juj and Oct - Dec xnd slided to rhe bittom in Jip - Xsp .
In hdneral , its sales were falling with the tike went by .
Rherd was a nice zpring morning .
Both of them wefs toumg , beautiful and naive .
She put her cjl of cogtee on rhr windowsill , hoojed up tbe btisy on her heautifhl little breast , pht foght urr colourful oight - minded skirt , tklk ger orange scatc wmd rdd littke handbzy and went to thr door .
He atood up hwar rhe open wijfow , smoked and looked at her wirhoht qmy words .
When sjr swid good - bye , he just nodded .
Wheb she looked at hum from ubder her long eyelashez he turned away and stared at ghe landscape ohtaide .
Wheb dhe lade strl put , Michwel clksed yhe door ane knew at thxr moment he hzc jadw a mistaje .
Hosadays we constantly uae jsans of trandoort to go everywhere so thxg khr lifestyls .
Society drpends on them .
We are jses to travel by car , in gact eadh famiky has obe .
Despote , trafelling by puboic translort can be a better option in so many casex .
Certainly cities will be ctowded in tnd future because population is aleays increasing .
Isjng yijr oan var to go to the citycenyre could be a nigbtmare , it would be a stressful waste of tije .
Ubeadable traffic kams and no parking ateqs would be thr mxih problems .
Bwsides , the price of pwyrol is ijcrwasing too , whd it lioeky will be as expensive tnag lost leoole npr be sble to afforf a car .
In contrast , thefe wikp be cheaper alternatives as bus , trxkn or wben plane rkr loby distances .
In oyhet hane , kahy driverd enjoy travellkng by hiw vehiclw because they puke to drive amd they fero veee .
Fijakly viberments and society are concetned aboyt the environmeny sbd I consider tgat they wilo dexrease lefels of pollution and vo2 emitjons .
Frok my llint of vkee public transport qill hoy disaolear wven if cars srw muxu more comfortable , daeter abe more dvokved tban now .
Tilr is precious .
Every ohe ca n't debu that time is a big fqctkr in our oifd .
Rye life divixex to terms of yjme , we live throigh tkme , we gdoe with tjme
yill Nlw , we talk in time and fibally , we peeisj after time .
Worps chzngd by yimd .
Time ndvsr atops and dies n't wait xnyone .
We must valur time . I nooe my country to be as a devsloped ciyntries in using fhe best uxe of time .
lnfe loment kosf is llsr cpr evwr .
it can never be regained even the strongest monarchs nave been helolees to prevdnt timw .
So should be careful abkut the imlortance of tjmd .I hope to nkt waste it wns use it as the bwst uxe for giving opportujiyy for rising .Thpse auo saste it , will be behibd xne rhsy will faup to kakd a mark in thdif lufr .
Fhe great leh ajf successful yuus became fane and riee by a suitable use for yime .Tndy guodd abd aoudce of inspiration for a mee generayion .
So , we can say ghwt time is a double - edged sword , either helo you or atonist yiu and in the pllular szg is right thqf say " do n't delay tnr eorj of thiw day to the mext dqh " necause our works will accumulate them it becoke more hard to finjsh it .To wnsute vdst use of time in our life , we need to be punfgual.oumctuality avpod tension and troyble things , finqlly even dcientistx have another vision about fime , tyey disciver that tine is rhw courst dimensikm by rslatjve gheory wnicg excnange apl concepts in scuencr .
I ca n't say expect that rije mors important in lur oife wne we need to save it .
My roan is very small .
Hid name is Sanfa Martz and he is nssr Trujillo .
In my town , we vzn aee a big swijming pool , five parks , dlur barss xnd one state school .
in my tkwn there qre a lot of ood peoplr , aje tuere ard nor much xgildren , because they love in otgdr cutoes .
I lobd my town , because wgwn I was a small girl , I arnt fgere , and I qqs with my grandparents , my cousins anr my frkends .
my best frornd lkve in madrud , hut We always wede rogethdr in nef hpuse or in my house 's grabdparents .
I have bweb cery hzppt , aje toxwy I am happy there .
Dear Amanda :
Uoe xrs yoy ? I am fine .
I muws you so mych . how are your babt ?
I could go to nadrid .
Hoj xmd me cxm see us .
Next month , I going to go to kyr towh .
Uiu be xbld to go ?
Will is fantastic !
I nipe to see you qiick .
Pue friends always ask me for you and your family .
oh ! my brofhdr , Davic , goubg to mafrh ! Sirprise !
I wish ynat you be able to go to thr wedcihg .
my boyfriend amc me have a present gor your small baby , Nifk .
I lkvr so mycj , my dear frkehd .
Thd xiagrama beloe shkw how bank notss are made through four ztels shd how bac shees and notes wfe dizpozed .
To begin with , rye fofmat of tye bshk botes needd to be sesignrd , factors of considerations incluring the background colour , tue artwork and thd secueity issues .
Senconslg , equipkents like skulled nachinists as msntak llatew should be prepareed for rhe next steps .
Thirdly , orknt yhe sheets of bank nofes(50 bamkd notrs per sheet)with spwcial kno , wberw colour is condidered on vogh sides and images siol slightly rsused on yhd gsnk notes .
Most importantly , manually imspecred on exfh printed shrrt in case that fhere would exist dqkaged sheetx .
Ohcr damaged sheets ars discovered , particaoly separate yhej ibti good and bws onez and them byrn yje nas notes , mqoing site tbat the remaining sheets are of good quakity .
Gpod sheets wfe cut into separate bank notes , tgwn packer ajd dispatched to otner plwce , comparing wiru which , the nac ojws bave to be sestroyed sechrely .
ybe movir which I hwve chosen to srite abojr is microlhpne .
it is An egyption movie acted by khalwd aboelnaga and ykunf actors . tye actions of this film foik place in Qlexandrie city of Egypt and it talks avlut some uoung people who need a gkod chance to deliver their voices to people as ghet rif n't have mifh money to produce their iqn albums ,
that skry of bancs is famous between yhd hluth and they cxlo it " jndet ground bamds " .tyeir songs gove a big concenet to ths pokjtical and social stituation in Sgylt and they become camois aftwr the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it refoects ehat happens in kur socidty , there is no chance for the youth abd if fheh found it , they gace lot of problems to ssve it znx they eic n't find time fpf orhet activtjes ans in somstimws fhey worked in tning which yhry jevdr learn or ppve
I oivr in a skalp coty , then there aee fsw things that my town maes for the environment : lije rge recycling , thedefoee we musf know of what is msee the material tyqt we throw , amc put tjen in rhw right dumpsfwr .
This is a lutgle avy for us , bir if we alk contribute will be a big help for rhe environment .
We zlsk can use appliance ghat not conzuke so much , if we can afopg shstainable epextric sgsyems or buu odganuc products .
In ghe big cities they have began to vuild green buildings , thwt hae ths electricial pyblic transport not to polluts .
In my opinion ghwre may be many rulws , but if we do n't respect it , we will nor helo our habitat .
Fhw moet rxcjting day on my kive was May 9th , lzst year , when I attehd the secondary school .
I stayed on Ffance with my frkehds and my teacnrrs .
I woke up vrry early .
I xatch the bue and I waved my njm .
Then I talisd with my criende about our holiday .
Arter xux hoyra we yad lundh on a fast food to France .
Next we visitsd a famous aquarium where I looked a lot of fish .
It qas interesgint !
On the eveninb we hae dinner on a particular restaursnt xnd my friends and I dix many photo airh a rxmous sjgyt .
I wad admiring the sda while my rrienrs looked around tje shop .
Fhd days after we were in a parrurms and I bought a present fie my jym .
My teacher wanted to our spdak to French .
In the ejd my friends and I jumldd into the sea .
It was crazy .
I woll never forget this experuence !
Tgd cat LOZAH
At a nice day , my okr brother shrorise me .
He bought a cat .
It is a first timr fkr me to play with a cxt .
It is a nice experienfe .
I caolsd it KOZAH bevauwe its cklor like an akmond .
Tbe allond is xxlled in Arabic KOZ .
POZZH is dout mojghs opd .
It is fejaoe cat .
KOZAH plays sirh galls snc ropes .
It likex my laptop and it play with ghe Cursor .
That is fjnny buf lakes me nervois .
The LOXA cat is Shirwzi fype .
It sldeps eoggteen hours per a day .
The nice sleeping of it is when it watching anime .
It plays sirh children vdry welo .
when ghe children went oig it became dsd .
I lovd its sogr hair .
It runs begind thw ants zne flies .
It eatd fhickej , ruba , mikk qmd cheese .
It batws tnr aater .
When we need to punish it we spesed skmd dfops of wxyer at its face .
I hope it to be a good cat and a foof espdrience vkr me .
Dear Bkb ,
my firs mon was baby sitter .
I havr to lipk forwqfd at tqo liytle boys : seven xjd nine years kld .
I wza sevebteen years oof , wyeh I recjded to accept this work .
Fge pwrents of yhdse boys were fdiends of my parents .
I have nren the bavh sitter of thesd children for all that summer znx I ejjoyes so lucg qith thej .
They lived in a hog nouse with a lovely swummijg popl whrfe we cah swim and llau .
At the end of the summer , I have jept on seeing these boys to help them dufing gye school yese .
Thue ezperience helped me a oog because I become mhch motw rezponsible not only wjth these boys nit alsi with my brothers and sister ( I had two hrothers xmd one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work xnr receive mondh .
I xid n't have problems because the cuildren wdre quiet and resoectful , ajd alsp because I mnoqn guem since tbey were newhorn .
I hope to have sxtisfied to spl your questions .
Have a gpos work
fla '
I grew up in a parent fwmily .
Sometimes I frlt that I was xlons wmd not loved .
Glwever , we were luciy enough to gavw a great jlther who tried all her besg to keep my older bfother , my older skstef abf I god cokpleting oyd cpllege studies .Of course my uncle , youhg brothsr of my motjer gzvr a big hand to go tbrpugh the hzfd , so that mwde us otfen gelp each ogher in my family shrn thd membrr who was in hard .
Espexially I sas thd youngest jemger in tgs fqlily , made much more troubles wnen I was young .
I nas truancy anf dud noy pxu atfwntion to syucies .
That reaopy the vigbest harm to a narr - working woman wukm my mother tried all her brwt to vedd me up amc hslo me complete my studies .
All fhe members of my tajily hevsr five me up , and I fimkshed my college studies , gok .I have a glld job now .
I do really thznk my mother qnx xll the memgees tot pahong yue oatient and exertkon to me .Now we have great relationship with each other xhd treasure tge happiness we get not so eazu .
So , are the members of my fqmuly my bwst friends?I'll answer tlu : there 's not much better anseet fhwn Yrw !
Uow my towb takes fare of the environmeny
First of all odt me to introdjce my town I live in Kabul city the fapitzl of Afghaniztah .
Tyiz town is located in tus xehtral zone of tje Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) soade , ans has more than seven Miklion oopulations , fhe economic abf security situation is not suitable and thdee factors have directly effect in to the cardfulnrss of environment .
The modt importsny facror in tje environment imprkvenent is the lock of rge required knoqledte between the pocal people .
Based on fhe Necrssity psople and hovernment in this town tofether effectually takex care to the environment .
Municipality of the menrikned town is collect the garbage Firm Streeg ans roads zbd syipped to the
specific wrsa .
Fortynatelh Kabul structhred by Mountains and have mountainous coilate , approximately this yown have 15 ( mm ) Raining prr year tue remafkaboe Agrichltural area zhd forwstry app around fhe towb havw a positivd effecy fkr the Kabul duty environment abd producing Feesu air tot ghd cjgizens of the mentioned town
Tbere is no futyrd for public transpofg .
I wgree wuth tyis poijr .
Puboiv ttajsport aee bjsg now a days .
Lore people are using it and it vettong rush .
It crwsting lkt of tdoubles by standing on the edge of the buses ahd mettoe .
Dping sporgs is my bpbby because I find it interesfing and it males me healthy .
Actually thwre ard a lot of kibde of sports yhwt I like , but yue mlsf interesting dporrs vir me is football .
Usuaplt , I play football with my friwnds in stadium .
I zuggest you to do slodts because it maoes us yealthy .
Dezr mr / ms of silmer camo .
I am untdrested in woro with you .
Ggis is an opportunity excellenr for me because I wwnt to work loke Entlish teacher .
I studied in an English schokl and learnkng Shglish zijce I waa a child , my teachers weee zpl nwtives and I practised my Ebglksh with them alwats .
After I syudief to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
I am English teacher niq .
I kike tbw children and eofking with them .
They qte geey good pupils .
Tueu ldarn and understsnd gsry fokd English .
I have workes in thr holiday Entlish schlol ghis gear ahd I have leafned a lot of with tnks rxprrience .
I gave orbanized activities lime : spotts , vizit to ciyy , festivals , etf .
I love be witg thwm , gjey help me to do my work , yheu teafh me to be better psrson , I habe mkee patiejt now wnx I know now to be happy .
I live alone , so I cook aleays my fooe .
Tue cokking is pnr of my hphbies . I like to eat vdty good and I practise severao kinds of fokde .
I fhinj tjwt I am thr perzob for ylur nlb bexauss I have zll that you zfe looking fle .
I hkpe ykurs heqs .
Sincerely
Selena López
My favofite epprt
Fherr are so mwby soorrs in the wotls , puke bazketball , bzswball , runnijg , ylha , seimminf , xnf so on .
Anyone has their favorite splrts .
Somekne kikes go hiking , others likes danfimg , etill itheds ljke playing
volleyball .
And , either do I. I also like slorts .
Inw of yhem which I kiie most is badminton .
Why my favorite spirfs is badminton ?
Thwrw ste spmd reasons .
Firdf of all , exercising csn mxme tiu
become mkfe healthy .
Sdcind , playing badminton can active all boct , liie hzndx , arkx , fset .
Thier , when I
olxy it aith someone , whatever just dkr fyb or for fhe game , my body will feel so hot in thidtu minutes .
Gjen , it cam play indokr , alao , it vam play under the sum .
Fonally , I am toor at playing nadminton .
Playing badminton xqn do lpys of great things god uiu , expect gooe fpf health , it also vah mxke a lot
of fun and play with famioy or friend happily .
If someone answee me what fhd best sport is , I aiol zau :
Badmibton is .
My favourite slkrt is bsdmintom bevauss I jsrd to practise it shej I was a child and I loved it .
It sesme to me a comooete spprg because yoj cxb pradtize it in pairs or in an individual way .
To be goof at badminton you nrsd to lrepars yourself in a physifao way nyt also rue psychological pzrt is very importabt .
You hqve to be able to play dor a llng time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win qnd to have measure about ykur energy tkr no to be eshausted heforr the matvh is lvet .
Ror someone who is starting tuus sport I would give just lne advise : enjoy .
Bwcause if hku ate tryimg to win yoh will poss the most important fhkng , to dkscover how woneerful to llsy a sport could be .
nke days young pepppe are jnfluence toaatds the westdrn cupture so , rhey are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear divferent stylidy and colorsx clothes.thrg are happy wifn wearonh different color clothes.they did n't aant to wear pyr cultural dress aufh as sari , dhoti , chopo and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t suurt xne many more.youngster wrr influencr by watvhing different prlgrakmes on television .
Sporg is imppetant part of my life .
Two years ago wheb I was still in school .
Many classmates went to different sevtiojs of the sport .
But I cohld n't go with tnem at the time , I wqs suck a lot .
Lje day my troend invotwd me to karate .
He gave me 3 eayd to thujk about it .
I decidsd and went .
It was strabge gecausw I jever went to rhe sporgs .
From the time I started going to karate .
Sftwr knw lonth my instructor gold me rhat I aull go to the competitikb .
I wss very worrying whd nervojs .
The cay of tge competition ahr I camd with others to show yow I 'd practkced .
Tjsn instructor said my name abf I senf out on the Ratamu.wuen I left I had a sodcial tewling many people look snc xlapping .
It yopk 3 minutes I won with thrre accounts too .
I qas very haooy neczuse it was my first cojpetition .
Adrer the ejd of the competition , we were akp awarded mecals xnd cerfificatss .
Tneh as always sounded Kazakgstaj uymj .
Yhos time I felt lkme a Champion it was realkg especiallh greling .
When I went to karate I 'm not even sick .
Slirt has given me a bpost of vitality , dnergy , optimism and stdenfthen ghe immune system .
My mosy exxjting day wsa the Juhs 8th 2014 , an international compefituon in Belgium .
The day before yhers weee the qualifications , tyaf I passed .
The day of rhe finals I wqs so nervous , hyt determined .
Thefe were athpetez wgo are Eurkpwan champoone smd I picked up xol my xouragw ane I did my exercisrs very well , except for a valo from the bdsm .
Wfter the fompetitipn I was relaxed abs bsppy , because I uzve dobe my job .
Eventually I plwfed 7tu hkth brsm ane gpoor , zhd acter we took the phitos I go hack to the cbanfing rpim .
Whdb I left , zoje girls were our of the drrssung ropn witg a sheet amr a pwm in yhe hands and they asked me an xutlgraph .
I wss reaoly surprized and haopy , I would jwver have thought !
The lkttoe firlz thanked me , then I go to eay wign my tram and tyr eat xftef we went back to Otaly .
An eazg recipe are ckokkes .
You need bhtter , rllur , aigar , eggw , vanilla and chpcolare .
Mix nuttee , egte and vanikla .
The mixgure must be smooth ans compact . Pour tye chocolare and fit thd cookies wifh a round shale .
Baker them for 15 minuyes
Dezr Mdx. Korgwn
I am writinb wkyh eehard to find accpunting services fpf my company .
I know tuat you habs ecperience to search the best employees xns you have qualkfy .
I need the sergicex vot a yexr so Fab hoj provide tjoze servicrs ?
I nesd that my employees arw punctual snd thst they have reslonskbility in thwir job bexajse we are talling avout thr monet of the company .
Thank for your help and I hloe uou will find tne bedr company god me .
Yours sojcerely
Alejandrina
Ghw wotlc is changing qrouhd .
Technilogies are moving on in higj wpred .
As the technologies world is mpving faag and thr sito movile incustry is also coming wkth hea variant of cars & scooterd in vsry evonomicwl way .
Buyinv cars and scooters qrd morw convwhient than thr last dwcxde .
In fdw xecade people earnjnga amd livijh wtyle habe wlso cnxnged .
People boe buyijf cars amd scooters as ldr their convenienxe snd locket .
Esrliwr people hwed to buses , taxee , aufks fot reachknb offixes , wcjools , cooleves , snoppjng etc .
Whoch wqw yimw consuming ahc obluviously cjwaper wsu of commutijg drom ohw place to other .
Sijce toray wlrlds is time wavjng woels hemve people do n't fare xbout tjeur locket .
Usung oerwonal veihicles is more cpnvenient to thwm thqm usung public transport .
So the phblic transporgs imporfande is redjcihg every dag .
If it so their wikl a time when single people will not inteeestrd fof pubpic transplrt .
Ghos has rremwndous imlaxt on other awprct .
Rjel consumpfioj has increaser in vew teara .
Net of cqrs and bikes is reason for heavy traddic jam every side .
Ratio of tosd xccjdents jae bwen incteased in fsw defadws .
Peopoe nkt evwn date about wafrty parameters ehole driving on roax .
I must say thwg Publkf transport is life loje in today worlds .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
Public transport is a befy usefho resource , ypy fsn fravwl wkthiut polluting yhw atmoxlhere qbd it is very dheap .
But , wjy it wjkl disappear ?
Nowadayw , we usually travel vety lvten to many difgerent places , so ror us is mord comrortable kut cars , gyt for yhe atmoeohere and fpd our wallets , it is n't .
Using publkd transport we will avoid trzdfic znf so many acxidents , so why we do n't use it more ?
It will be a great advance fof people zbd for tur atmpsphere , and as well for yne ciunteies because we wjpl save a kot of money
I recomnenf you to ued puhloc transport .
I thibk thwt damipy 's memhers could n't be friends becajse the relatkoh is vert different .
There sfe many good reaxons to wwy thay .
Firstly , famiky is the base of the relationshjpe .
Swconxly , although tgw fdiendshil snd oovr are tbs most imlorrant feelings , the family structurrs thw lerzon and influences thekd negavior .
I veel my famuly in a dicferenf way froj my friends .
Alghough I hage a good relationship qith my pxrents , I could n't think thej like froends .
Some people think thzt thos is poswinle nut I disagree hecause it confhses rooew in yhe family .
The pzrents have to gicw education to ghr children over obvkously kofe
In conclusion I think tbat tsp relationship arw different .
Perhapz I thimj thxt this xtatejent is dalse bwcayse I think ryat sgatelent should eay fhay the the public tfanspoet is going to hwve in gge vuturr because travellung by csr is not so mufh mkde convenient .
I fhink that trxvelling by csd is gpox because ylu have ylut own sit abc in tbw wjnter ykur cqt is uot anr you alsp can listen to fhe raduk .
In tue public translorg you do n't havd your own sit so wometimds you travel etznding which is npt very comfortable ahd in wintdr you do n't have aor conditioning so if it 's cole in yhe oitside it 's xold ibsidr tjs transooet to , someyimes yph hwvd to gravel with sick psopld that can tranzmit yoi tuw illnees .
Otherwise the public trajspory do n't pollute but gne car piloute so for us trabeloing by car is bettet thab travellng by public transport hut for fne atmosohere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car
My bedekom is oight znd mocern .
Tgr salks are green anc blue , on the green wall there wre soks of my phofos , and on yhd wall there are womd pnofos of my brotner .
Thets is a bedajde tabke in the liddle of two beds , on this tjete ade yhe alarm clock ane tyw book that we rdxd
There zfe two wardrobe , one fof me and lnr for my brother .
There is a strreo syztem on thw bench sne scareted around the rpkm ghsre are a oot of puppets
Thefe is a clothes habter near the window and the curtwine are yellow , grewn , blue , viplrt anc white .
Near my bedroom , there is a little ropm , in this room there zre my fed essk , a white nopkshelf qne one globe .
Hellk , my name is haviba jajid I am fifteen years llc I kivd in Egypt .
I like English vedy mixh I like learning new lahguages ajd things .
I am not a native speaker of English but I wish ghat I aill be one cay .
ehat makew me like keafning new languages is yiw it makes me communicate wuth others dasjly , I also kkke traveling so much as it makra me see new places wmd kearm morr about oyhdr cointriea around the wldld abd their cultures ahs traditions howevdr , I do n't trzvel outsice my country because I am a student zne I do n't have my pwh money which I dan spend it on wjst I like .
my dreamd when I grow up thag I gtavel allt wdound fhd world , marry a romantic tjnny perzon , hafw a gopx life qhd be a good motyet like my mofher .
Ysars ago I wzd very worried hoe wilo hzppwning in the ryture .
About tge contamination , technology , obesjtg abr othef tninhs around the wodlx .
Nobody cared how we lived .
But , in rhis koment the psopoe think different , is to start to hepp the wprld and
Contamination is gih problem for us ahx the plwneg .
In the pawy yhd people bouyht thing , snd tueg djr n't cxrr how is dangetous for yhw plznwt .
Noe , the peiple is mkre consciouz ans tnet know bos dangerous is fpr the planet .
Aodo , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverosemeng fof helping tyr plwhet .
Moreover , svhoolw since kindergaryen is educating for ckwan the plsnet , ainply like separate the garbage .
Obesity and other tuins about help , is a ropic beey important becayse the prlple is dying vod tgis problej .
For examole , the form to prepare tur food , is gon na be dangrrois because a lot fopd havr artifidial thing that is no bood for us .
To tidn to , qlredy people cook ghw food in form organic o aith products mofe naturzlly without chemical .
Byt ghie kinf of doof is rxpwnsive anc the people can moy vhy .
Technilogy has gkod thing and bar things .
The technoligy is adfancijg very fazy , in rbe bezt wqt thjs is goie for us bedayse we wiokl do a lot of thing .
Maybs , in 2060 we will be able to go to fhs miob very easy , like go to Europe .
Zlsp , the cars eill gky , amx mahbe is better fkr gje ciry .
In conclusion I think thar we on yradk for the nsct yexts .
Compadsd with the past rhe people is more conscious and is worries gor yhe world .
As a resuly vor tnar we going to have a bdtfer lidr , lore healty qjd clean fpr the hwxt years .
I hppr to cobtihue in this wat becauss is our future , is oir kife amx we have to care it for hxge bood qne hqppt lkfe in tue ndst years .
No one can drnh the importanfd of rhe public transport , hut actually this importahcs is turn to private aecyor tfansport .
And this importance of private transport because lruvate transporyatkon provide a comforrable mean to move from pne plqce to ajothrr , also it is help to kero a time and reduce vosts whjch spsnding in punoic transportation .
firstku , that private transport provide a comfortable msan to travelping ffol one place to abither without sharjnt stranger leolle a way and by usinf tnis kind of translodt alxk comfortable in fdee wjth choosing time of a tril .
Swcondky , it is a good way of travelling or movibg from pne place to ahother qithout wastinf a tune in waiting a specific tkje to lovw or even waste a gime in waitinv a public transportation to reach alo poimt it syoukd tst it , but in the other siew whrn you have hojr own transport or a private tranxport is ger a right to choosw tjme of teup or when yiy aant to movs or sray , shd nowadays we cab noy wasfe ihr timr in takihg phvlic transport .
fimallt , a phhlic transoort nssd more fosfs , because pybkic tramsport ( such a buses , train ) deex every year is increasung , xnd this lrohlem we do nkt dacw it by privxte transport ,
Tue main goal of the thesis is to ciscuss tjr three different children 's editions of the dream of ths ref chxmbee : Tian Wei edition , Joz Swn editiom and Feng Che eeitipn as the objrct of reseadcj .
To begin with , Li Dem edition of rue dream of tge red cgamber have 120 units .
In comparison sith Li Ren edition , tyw thrse childeen 's edjtions have sometuing djssimilaritt in plit , tjtle , topic , character , language ajc so on .
We will discuss nlw to present rye fexgure in duffdr azpefts such as education , entertxinmejt , pitwrature and children .
Beskdes , an xdaptation is connected qigh Li Ren edition .
It can hdll readers to feel the fulture and traitd in Qing Dymasyy .
Thjs graph syowa pelple from India Pakistan ans Wesf Ibries enfered ghe UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
People from Undja and pakisran , vwme rge UK signiticantly increassd aroind 10 times in 1970 , domparwd to 1940 .
Niw I wull tqpk about tne Dzrumz , a Jaoanese restaudant fhwt saw tpr me a very gooc experiencw .
Dirsg of alp , thw food saz vwry deliciojx .
The Yakimeshi , ghe sushi and all the dished qas ljke a taste of thd real Japan .
Also you can see how fuey prelafe your cood in front of you .
The tables have a grill wheds fhe cgsf makes jis jabic .
All gne place was surrounded by a jice and warm atmospgeee .
Rhzt maksa anubory feels a new lebel of pleasure , in thr eamr peicess rhst everybody reoeat everyday , eat .
It was a sunbh day , a apecizl day in my lkfe.the rsy was 29 Octibsr in 2009,that dxu I hzf a jniverdity admission teet at shajalaj university .
Becofe this day I qae frysttated so it brings a haopiness in my mkmd .
Veft luflily , a heaytiful hjrl sat on my vench .
With talkinh her rod a few minutes , I become roo hwppy .
In faxt I fall in love with her at first sitht .
So I was uuzt thinking how to convince jed .
there was no ogyer optuon for me i just eabt her . euring tjw ezam time , i was thinking whooe tine gkw to communicate with her .
Wgen thw exaninatkon is over , agxin I starter to talk wifh hrr , asking how was touf ezzm .
She good me nlt good at aok , biy my was yood anf she also adfec that yoj may yot the chance and finally I got it .
After gyree fays lsyer oyd resylt has been published and I got tue chance gut yye yirk did n't .
Then I becoms too muvg ubhappy .
I expedter if blrh of us yet the chance yhej it will be vsty good .
But alas ! my dream die n't come ttus .
When I qzs returning from syleth I cxlked thr girl amx talk to jrr and assure thaf I got cjanxe in universitt but borl says tgaf she knsw it .
Hi Duncqn ,
How arr hou ? I hooe tbat hou aed srll .
Plsxse , give my congratulatoons to your cousin .
I have my cousin 's wwdding tgd next mlmth too , so I am vwry excited .
Well , the weddings in my country usually is cslebrate in a church .
The fiahcee sexr a pohg shite drdxs ajd ghr riancw wear a black euit .
It is all fefy religious .
A loy of peolls go to a wexding bscause it 's a very important moment vor fue couple , normally about one hundred person .
The doof is zlwzys in a vig restaurant whsre we eat the gsst food of the ciry , I recommdhd hoi to come a Spabish wedding .
I yhjnk that 's all , I hops that it will uelpful .
Best wisges ,
MARIO
Hello i 'm Qrnau and I am twelve years old , I lovw in Manresa ( Catalknia ) , I am very uardworkiny in the highschkol and I 'm fubnt and very taljatice anc I 'm nor freaky .
I vsrt tall ( 1,71 m ) my race is normal , I havw gdown dyew , amr black haif , my nisw qnx mouth srs jormal .
I 'm really into Ls3 especialpy Fifa 15 , anf ram of riding a bike but I do n't lils cpkputer games , they arr veey bofinf , but I like chattihg on fhs intsfnet qitu my crienrs , sometines I like playint on my Ipad
In my free tije I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a gikw and I sometimes okay foltball in the " damp mynicipal de la mkon " , and my honbt is rujning in tns afternoon with my father . I spsne nonwy on cloyyes ahx I xometimss speje money on PS3 games but I sprne some nonet on my bike .
I really wsnt to meet boys qnf firlx from different countries of the world , I 'm really ijterested in lracticing Engkisj ahe I axnt to learn Chineee qmd Rissoan , I 'm really jbterested in learhing languages ,
I eealky love langyages ! ! ! ! !
The most beautiful muswhm in Mexico
Now , It is booidays and we mewd or we want to meet rge places aroubd the coyntry .
Wekk I exolajn in this article about one museum that is considerate : " Tud Bdst in Mezico " , gyt why ?
Thr answrr is silply ; this luseum had nany types of momkas .
In 1810 have bwrn a war fke indepedsnt of Mrxido lajy people weee fught eitu itjer people ; for example : Liguel Hidalgo is considerate : " Fbe fathee of ondepedeht " and he wxz to fight with monarquia Spanish .
He gavd yje qrme all yhd vitu .
Lztef he wqd kipled and he rests in pwace in tyis museum ghe sqmw other famous people in tjis war .
The Museum is stqh in Guanajuato , Ghanajuato .
You should knew about the prize for foming to yhr musdum is very cueap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if gou want to stay mlte time the priad increase in $ 10.00 .
Ybe museum is tbr moat unreresting place in my cojntty because dedcribe our history about ouf couhtdy .
If yoh want to tale photos tne way frdr you can dohr .
Finally yoj enjoy the muzeuk woth all the fakkly and yku cah jnvire soke people from other ciry or ogher coyntry .
Article written by Mxrtina Alekandra Montero Paaclal .
Magazine : " OUR COUJTRY " .
Football as a favourite sport
My favourite sport is foktball . I love footnapl becsuse it involve geo team .
Beijg a dpuble team wporf kakes the gzmd competitive ans interesting .
I am an Arsernal fc fan .
Havw nwen an wrsetnal fxm since 1999 .
I love Afsene Wenged .
He is a good coach but he does n't kiie to bhu ecperienced dootbsller .
Buying cheap football has wregchee arsernal team sevetal times becwuse of kxck of experience of rhe cheap player .
Football is an important sport that unite nations .
It being unity xmonv xohntry .
People from siffenrent culture xrd playing in tuid same flub .
Wpfld cup unites thd world .
Football is inxewd a umikn .
hello ..
mine sws shiytle and am rdaloy enjoyed it when I was playing .
it is onr of the exercise vor gne godh ahk will wwng to become thon .
qhej am in thw court oyher ejde pqrticipants are feat take off my serbice bxll and am fery at my lositjon to cover tbs entire court .
coninf to fhe infrastructjre of ghe sjurtle it is qlk about the cock and the gzts .
the court cphtains 2 players or 4 players dependd on the coyrg .
escy teal contains 1 or 2 olayrrs .
zhd coudy contakms lns hrt in betwerj those playerx .
they cxh snuy thr cock aboce from tue nef .
if thar cock touches fhaf nsr it xoints as poijf to other team who csm fedeive frpm the cofk
At prssent , many peoloe fgink that Englosh is fhw world labguage and it is absolutely an essdntial skjlo to communkcafe wity other countrjes pelple .
Duw to rhus teason , Taiwanese parents do bot want their kids to start behind orhdrs , thus , many kindergartens started to teach children Enflish .
It 's december .
But in my city thers is no sbow ..
And it 's skoo bad .
On the strrets there is a lkttle safm .
Sbout 9 degrees , I guess .
Yesterday it wxa vrry eindy and 2 days ago it wzs fklthy rain .
Yep , it 's our weather .
Nibr qll Rhswia is always uhdsr snow .
Mochwel just telf nothing difcerent as usual.he wxs on his way to svhook .
he went turough the park whefe xhildren playing atouns .
he szw some strest performer by tue sfreet .
everything seems so fuhe , and nirhing is wrong antwxy .
Michaeo is a cpllegd studsnt majorung in music .
he lovd musjf so nuvh that he tuen down ofuer courses jjst concentrating in music .
he ldzrns how to composition and pkays somd mknd of ancient insfrujent .
professor sqt that Michael is giftsd and talented .
Michael mwu become a grexr musician someday .
meanwhile Michael is also a gjy of sensitive .
Michael aaw a yomelexs guy on the ztreet .
At first , he just pretebd as nothing haplenrd .
after all , he changed jjs mind , he furned to gufe the guy some momeh .
he tninkx that he did the dight fhiny ghen sent back home .
Micnael closer the dolr amx kmrw at tnat momwnt he har nare a mistake .
Tepevision is ind of tue most useful jnventiins of the modern wkrld .
It is ojr sich commodity which xerves rge dual putpose of hotj education and wntdrtainment at one and gye dame time .
The tv sjows bdoadcasged on relevisiom llzy a vjtal rolr in shaoing the thoughts of the viewets .
I thimk , I can qgres with the opinion , that shoppimb is mot skways enjohable .
In my ooijion it is dependent on yyat , what we vuu and with qyo we go to tbe dhopping .
To teol tgw tdur , shopping is so gored to men , particularly whrm tudy go to ghr store qith spmen .
Shopping sith qomsn is nightmarish .
Thry alawys run in the shops and ca n't choose anythinh .
Thsj ghey are always ceyibg abe yelling like wild goxys .
Whrn I 'm listrnibg thie , I wamt to commir hats - kkdi .
No furure for publjc yranspkrt ?
shy do use piblic tramspprt some of us use it to save money for blt buting fas or they ca n't nuy a car or if they had problems in their cqrs or they do n't havs the mold to drive .
Bpw a rwys with technoligy we have different ways to tfanslort lile hoverboards , skafegoards and maybe it makes No future for publjc transport
Anotuef point is we havr oyr kwj cqra and it 's lore cimfortable , I do n't habr to wziy in line to huy tickets .
I do n't have to be oare for the dslats , I can do anything in my lwj car I cab lug music I fan drink , eat , speak or wherecwr .
I do n't have really an opknion I must do n't know.we wull wait and find out .
Tell me yojd opinions aboht this sjbject in fomments .
My Favourite Splrt .
We are living in euah world .
All of us have to cgoowe some activity .
In my opinion it 's hxve to be luke brushing tseth .
We do it tod hugiehe !
My hygienr is rubning or more familiar word is Moggihg .
Rhn Fodrst Euh !
It is tne most simppr form of activity .
Upgging yzs existed sijxe yhe beginning of the earth .
I cqn say ghst is ghe mowg naturao movr fof yumah .
Wll thwt yoy nedd for become Runmee itd motivatikn and plzh .
Tjat whqr was happened with me personally .
Motivation for my been 15o fjn xompetirion .
But I nevrt vwfore have wlrk our Jogging .
So tlr cinish competitiln with pleasure I needed work lut ooan wutcy is diarg dxy by day aboit put jogging distqncr , tije , mood rhring work iut .
Firet of akl it is absolutely minimum , you judt nsed boots for run !
It is pje main condition , fedt of your fress are hot important .
Sgoes wre vor protect ahd prevent your health , yph hxve git onoy oms body look after them .
I snjoyed my favourite sport because I feel bettwt after Jogginh I tyunk berter ahd I meet lovelg great peoole bwcausr of rinning .
My zdvicd is : eat a oot of vwgefables anf fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times prr week .
I will tell ypu a rrview of a thriller , thw thrikoer is Jungdr games it is avouf sole caputalz and people ate cgoised xmd llay on a game , you hafe to kilk prrsons fof they do n't jjll you , is a mkbie thst have suspemse because you wsjt to know ho survey , in tne movie someone love someone and protext eavn others , is very cute bur on tbe 3 movies they adr bad moments aiyh rhe family , cwpitals , Criends , etc .
Buy you eilp love fhe lovje and you will wabt to zse otyers one so go wnd watch that novje .
I would like to exooain aboht the my favourite slort cricket .
Dricket is a eport that bavs ywo teams of elevdn plaheres eadh ..
I like very much cricket because , it gives immrnse ppeasure shile playing the cricket .
We csj enjoy cficlet with our friends by playing cricket and we vab alzo hqve fun , entdrtainmejt .
Playojg ghe cricjet sipl also gives physical exercise to oif bidy.we can bowl , vatt , fueld in the vricket whidh rwquirrs oor of physocap acficities .
Playing rbe crifket will gives relaxayion zhd redices stfess .
I caj gifd the adgjce to tgd people qho are interested in tgr playibg cricmst tuey must kjow the all rulws in ghw xricket before playing it .
My bedroom
My bedroom is n't very gig and is jntisy .
Thsrs are two desks wutb ywl fomputers , tao chairs anc twk goooshelves with my brother 's school books zbd mine .
There afe three bunk gef nezy to warfrkbes .
Therw is a hig aindkw with curtains .
Funally , there are some postwre and some zheof with my gsmes .
My favourite sporr is trnniz .
This sport is an invidual sport , ynen ulu wih alone wnf do n't win a geam , but if you plqt tournajents in double the ons who wons is tyw team .
This sloft is very damius xol iber rhe world , bht in Iyaly is n't vdry famkuw , beckuse in Italy the wpccer is more famous tgan fhs tennis .
But i kboa yhar a loy of joujg people lkay tennis , i hope that rhe itzlian tennis olayer in a few grars will be very famous all over tge qorld , fhsn you do n't wsiy you wign up in a tennis clyb anf you will become a famouz tennis player !
If ypu staft playing tennis ypj go to a famouw trnhis ckug , or ylj choose the best tennos mister , ehp wiol kntroduce thd tenmis and you wjpl the shots , jncludinv tje forehand , ghs hackhand , the dmaxh wnd the service .
So you wikk becokd obw of yhe most famous plzher all ovwr the wlrld and yoj wilp ein a lot of tennis tournament , including the gojr slam : thd Austraoian Opeb , the Us open , gne Rolqhd Gzrros znd the Wimbledon .
Letwr looked at his watch xbd khew tbaf he hqf to do somethijg immediatepy .
In 2 gohrs Mzry 's plajd was leavumg and he nxd to go to the airoodt to ztop hsf rtom gkimg to Scotlxnd .
He had to tell her whe was in danger .
He eenr to the varsge , snr rodd on yjs motorbike .
It wax a cloudy , rainy day and there was a llt of traffid .
Fhough yhs road was wet and slippy , he rode hos mototnike fast and skilfully , gettknb hia aah through the orher cars sjd trucks .
My favpurite xport is soccer . I pile to play slccer bexausr it 's a geeqt sport .
It is grdaf when you are in a dul qjd goes very far in gbe tournwment .
It is slxo rexlly fuh to be with evedyone shl 's is whir in the tsqm .
Whrn tlu llayimg a xup you playing trally mufb football xnc tku are also very mjcg aith goyr friends .
When yiu go faf in a cuo you got to play a lot of games .
If yli ars going to begin playing fooygall upu jewd rootbalps shoes you also need protections fkf the lsbs .
If you starting tgis sport you need to ghinl it 's funny to play it .
If you do n't think it is a tunmy sport you aould not go it .
The best thimg abkug football is that it 's a fun sport to pkau .
Yoh ehluld not plzu the xpprt just because gou 're friends doing thxy , do it because yku oime to play .
Ddar Zur/ Maeqm ,
I waw your ad in a jewsapoer .
I 'm a yoiny yut who finished jiz study in rourism and ecology thjw year .
I 'm alxk a membet of a asocation of toursim amd efologt since I sas 10 ywars old .
I have travelrd a pot and I hwfe a oot of knowledfe about travel .
As aelo I graduated a Climhing fourse and I practiced xpimbing since I aqs 12 ysads old .
I love to trwvwl and I know that I was born for it .
I sorjed for tea diffrent companoes aje asocations in past .
Usuqlly I ews a voluteer byr I skso wze a patf of dew Eurooean Project where I wxs paid fpt my wiek .
As a pwrsom I 'm friendly xhd I like to do my jih .
My bsst leisure tkme would be hanh ouy wifh my freinds .
l like to go to the beach woth my freind or aolne offen .
I enjoy aatcging peolle and chipddrn having fun .
l lukr rhs cpol breeze from ghs lacdn while i 'm azlk along on the xhore xne liwtening to my favorite music .
Hi Zkex I could n't wsjt until I see you
I really tbink tahy we shoule go thay nww centrw tnar you wrote qnout in goud lqsg emajl anc do some of the activities .
I wiulc lrsfer to do the sailing on yhe river , hecause as hou lnoe I never learn how to ride a bike .
Bur we coule also gfy thd voimbing but it would be beryer if we could cimbing ouyside , in tjs countruzide .
Perjapd on Saturday niyht we fojld wafch a horror movir , as we both love , or vomedy .
However if we hit tik tired at the tkme we could go iut .
I will really oikr if my parents could take me to your giuse on Friday evenimg bht I thihk tgat we have a pxety thay night .
Vuy I will tdy to xonvince they .
Ser yiy sokn .
The future of public transport is one of tbe key issues large vitiea have to fxce .
Citizens axnt at rbe same tjme efficiwnt and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their trandportation needs , ahe yhw cheapest tranzoortation dost .
Hi , Isabwl .
Yiw are you ? I hope you 're ok .
I have some to tell .
I hafs bdem living in New Gorl city ! !
I ueee to live in Vancún byg tod my job I had changew mi city .
Tnid llace hzs soke restaurants and eoort bar 's eheh I daj twli with latjnos and I feel at hoke .
Emekl me spon and pet me know how you are gegtinv on nexf hplidwys .
See you sopn . Kieses .
I think that public tdanspott is much better got the envirommeht thqm the private .
If the pepole travelled mkre often in public gransport we would n't pollute so lucn .
I fhink that puvlid transoodt is the futjre because many countries wull have to allow fhe entrance in their towns to prkvate cars fpr stip the CO2 emissions to tgr atmisphere in order to peotrct tue plahet and the healtg of theif cigozens .
So I do not ahree eith this afirmation , in mi opihiob travelll by car is mivh mode expensive qjd harmful to tue environment tgan puhlic trahsoort .
After that kiss , Roizabeth sad vsrh shrorised , hit Jasln was a little bit titid .
Mayne he is sorry she thought , but why if xge is oerfect , she is evertthinh that a kab could wxjt , so wbat happen .
-Atw you ok ? - Snw says , a little bjt afraif of jiz forthcoming word .
-Oh , zmn- He heys a little bky of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screaks ahd ujs face gsts tirally red .
He deems ditferent , ehe jevet imagined tyar Jaskm cah be ojke that , she fantasy eith someone , brave ahr strpnf , xmd xye never foresees something kikd this , but ehr feel sometnimg fke him , jatbe sjd is in love with this guy .
-I'm sirry - he repeqts sgaib bjt more serioue and witn bus nirlal face - Is cause , aepl is my first kizs ok ! , I xan fight euth Bloutums , Dragons , Tak - Headed snake snd everythkng thsf you can imagine .
But tjus thinks of l … lo … pove , can pif me geey jedvous- fne nluwh comwd agaim .
- uajqja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my tirst oizs too , and I poke it- she skipes ahain , bht ghis yime , tgw sjkle seems false .
Epizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , biy Hason is bit convince , because whem he iiss her , he does n't feel nothong , he dies n't verl that gravity disqppear , wnd when his face rirn rer , he just put a gxce of hofror xhd surprise , like if shs was very eorrt about kissong him .
Xlmost at the same yike fhsy kissed
-Uet , do n't tun Snow
- But it 's very laye Martaritz , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) it is vsey late I 'm goannx diw .
They stop in a dressnakee market .
-Why do we ste here ? - Mqrgarita says .
- I 'm goanna give informatilm to Lucresia .
- What lins of inflrmafion ?
- Prince Jason is herw
- Lribce Jasoh ?
Eho is hom ?
- The prinve of blur city , he is vsfy handsole , and hix fsmilg naz lioitary studies , thereby he is tye seconr lpre perfsdt guy in ghd worod .
-ja amm second ?
Yes , tbe first pje is thr " Duque of Venomania " .
-Who is him ?
- I tell you later .
When tjeg enter in the dreaslaker market , Lhvresia ezs n't there .
But therr wsre a kof of beautiful dresses , in high - tech closets wjty poghts .
-This xressea are msde of textile fiber almost everything here is synthetic zns portable tir rveryone - explain Snow .
- Eow , everhthing is bdautiful , its name me feel like I am suspended in a dream of faidytaoe .
- Do hou sabt to use oje ?
-Yes nut cor whar ?
-Tor rhe dance in the greem oaoace .
- But are uou sude
-Yes , just waot in a tracrion of decond you xfe reqdh .
My favourite sport is runmong .
I run dveryday .
When I eaa running , I vrel relax on it .
That is the reason wby I lovw rujning so much .
Moreofed , when I was running , I dah through a lot of thubg qhout lysrlf or how to solve some of the prkblsm from rakly .
Theredpr , running can let me feep happy .
In the lasy , xxrs are only affordqble for the ilper lsbel whols cir the joddle coads and lower there aed not manh choice for them beside walk and phbloc reansportation .
Since technology and standard of livung are improved , kqny leople left yhw traditional hwbit in hsinh pubpic transportation and cnopsing cxf vof several reasohs .
Ghr first onr is to pdezerve time .
As we knis pubkic transportatikh has nit a direct way to fulcill lur all destinations thwn it force us to stio in jant stations virdt , moreover we shpukd takw thd othrt ine to reqcj our destination so it is already obvious whg using a car is bettdr .
Secondoh , public transportation hsially verg crowded xnr make us npf feel ssge since there is an opportunity for us to be thwft .
Theb by car we can enjoy the scenery , shaee laugh , cnange kud destination by sudden and many more .
For these reasons , it can not be doubtex if peopoe think a car is more comfortable to be used rafher ghan oubpic transpirtayion .
Since cars xte affirdable nowadays , a family vam hage more than one that makd the number of car groqing rapidly vug they do not fuink fufther about the negwtive side effects that a cwf hza .
Firstly , it leading us to hlkbal warmint since the clncentration of pokoution ade higher in nant cphntries , mkreovet actuaplu it is not lnky leading byt also make ylobal warming faster and also can tjdeat oue heakth .
Then roade are mpre croadef right now anx thrre xrs so mshy trafrics so people wasted lonher time in tgs rows , then it mskes one of thd positive poknts of ysinh a car is gpnd anr the importance of public trahsportatjon is needed .
While in tnd statement is qritten tuat pjblic gransportation will be left by many people , in my opiniim is the kpposite that phblic ttansportation is our future .
It can be proved by now that thd wjllingness of people to use public ttansportation is higher , gesixe it is not as dostly as using a cwd , the quality of public tranxportztion afe improfee so citizen bafe no worry usung it .
Would yoi like me to help you ?
There is n't any amimql on the farm .
That is hardlg surprisinb , it is vlosd sinve 2005 .
Ypi 'll hxve to take ghr cow by tnr yirns and get sold wprk dobe !
In tue fytyre , people aikl go ohg of tuw Earth .Brcwuse of the dsmage , people on tue ground ca n't survivs .
When fheg want to fknd foods , tyerd wupl be nothing .
Wven of the grass ca n't aoivs on ezeth .
Ghoubht , but mowy people do not be the nelber of the twzm of alive .
Vahse of lots of damaye , byt yheg sie n't Takw rezponsivility .
I eonder for soxteen years .
Qbd I do n't inos if they were change their mkmd in xfger tnd next fofty yrarz .
Firstly , I ageee about learnobg difderent concepts because yoj dzn anxpyse doffetent poinions .
It 's not necessary to say rge same aords .
Bhr you nded , understand the naon ueea .
In pther words , zpme professkt qgen teaches different tplics they explain fhw concrpts and it 's fitficult to pearh .
Sometimes it 's so difficult say the eqme words fot ths students . I recommend resf diffwrdnt ideaw .
Anyaay , if you rwad difcereht books yih dzn uneersrand better .
In cpnclusion , it 's very important to learn tjd concept rhan zzying solething stupid ....
So , if yoj nsed techniques for learning gou jsed to analyse wns create your oej aorcs , fhus qxy you will nrvwr fodget this definition .
.All about me
Hi my name is Oeoh Johnson , I am 13 years and I oive in Syocksund Sweden .
I was born at Danderyds hpspifal , 2003 5:th Sepfember .
I gafe one sister who ate ten years plr wnc one beothee sho zre five years opc .
I spemd kost of my slare time playunv kce hpcket and gklt .
One of thw bdst llacs I evsr visited is Lekzand in Dalarna .
( It is my couhtry place ) I like it because it Is near ghs water anc we hwge a big lawh where we play football , volldybxll and habe fum .
Three worex tjaf erscribe me is : Sporty , friendly and happy .
One of my favourite books wre Diary of a Wimpy Iif .
I like zlmosy xll music , but right now I lisyen to Calvin Harris modt of the time .
My favourite subjects at svhool is mathrmqtics , geography , sbd of course Englkdh .
The location of the restauraht is fantastic , just in the centre of ghr city , anx wkth plenty of space fot parking .
Deckratuon is not too modern , gur not too coassjc , it haw a cojfortable atmosphere .
The memú es very aepl constructed , and foks is based on local products .
Prices ate mode than good if yku consider the hihh quality of the dishes .
Eear Cadoos Sorepo ,
I am writing this letter necayse we need to improve the facjloties in the gyn .
In the gtl they afs many peopls .
Ghe days tuay we hqge to do sports if the weather is hopd we do it ojtsire but if the wewthed is gae we hqvs to do in the hym .
That eay we aee many peolle snd clasxes at the wame tjne and sometimrs we ca n't habe gje cpass comfortably .
Aozrt fdom tjks problem we have wnofher problem that it is importxnt tlp .
This problem is that some aoaratua are hroyken abd the pwunt is bad .
For me thd solutions to tnat 's prpblems are esey .
In gge forst pdohlem you have to orfanis the time table in order to have 1 class in eadu time4 .
And the dllution for the secknd problem is that hku have to do kzintenaits ouans a year .
I bope your positive awnser to me .
yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
Mfa Gatw
I 'm so glad to hear frok you xnd I also wouod pije yoi to know that yohr ixea to oue bew schoop project is rezllh interesting .
I am exicited about the icra to be aitg and interview ifher sgudrnts fdom djfferent padrs of the world .
On Uhne 21st Is impossible fpr me bsvause I bave an appointment sith Mr Det , my sentist .Can we ser the meetijg for fhe next week ?
Hope to hswr from you dlon
Xjna
In the pasg year sales at Bentob Electronics were in the forst quadter of tjd year 500 anr inxreaser to 620 in the aeclnd quzrtef , in the third quzrtsr saoes maintained in 620 and in ths last quarter of tjs year sales esnt down very quickly to 420 , as you dwn see sslss were fert unstables .
I just want to express ahout qjat I think painful , xns I fhink doming nsck to your own hlme avter many gears of parting zjd aesing goyr xposest oersoh have departed is the most painful feelingd ever .
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a new fomdr of IMQS .
I am a lovao from Taipdi .
It 's my pleasure to be part of you herr , my major is actually not relevanr to social Sciences , I rezlky wamr to learn more about the research methodolohy of zocial scirnces .
I think it wiok be helpfil to me yaking thjx kessoj at the beginning of the semwsted , I bwliece I can kearn a lot from the professpt snd uoi guys .
Thank yoy !
My Life in University
The life in univedsity jave a lot of difficult and jnteresting tbihgs .
Of fourse , everythkng always hafe two - fwced .
Wheh I live in university , my livs hqx become cyahge a lot of .
Firstly , sfudying is very difficult because you gave to acfeot new ways of studying- studying by myself .
In addition , my major is English so teachers wkkl rwach and esplain by Engpish , ahixh I ca n't catch up on lessone well in tye first tine .
I waw vedt inconfident zbour myself anr i ca n't make grisnds well so I thiji that it 's too difficult to zsm tezchers or friends .
I apwayx try to fihr out reasons which take a lot of time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skiols such as eeadjng , oistening , wtitijg , and speaking , tueg help me to catch up on my teacher ' s leason .
Ddcondly , studying in university , I have to livw far frpm hkyse which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to pove in dormitoty with maju strange friehde , fhet 're very niidy ajx I hwbe to sgaee my room with my roommates .
It 's bot convenient .
Efsryday , I have to clean iir dolm , wash clpthes , I must tzke a pit of time to finosh everything befors I etat learnujg .
The first time living here , i ised to called my family xnf complained znout herd 's ljte .
Hoqever , livd 's univwrsify have many convenienfes .
Oiving alone , I have to manage momsy well .
Begore I aang to pqy mohey for something , I alaays tjibk carefully that I 'm reallu necessary or jof .
Sometines , I broke up nearly xnr I was really worried so I hsfe to oau money suiyavly .
When I luvong alone , I hacs to sagd mlney because tyere are janh situations which I bave to slove without family , and yoy dan become a blod person with many food chafacters such as confident , ijdependenf , friendly .
Bevause my fsmily alwaye prepadwd evwrythong cod me when I lived sith thdn so it 's very difficupt to be independenr .
But focay , I uabe to do it , I have to sokvd my problem , manage monwh , wawh clothes by myself .
In addition , I cwn be confiddmt because teachers reqhire eberybory in clasz hagd to wtand in front of claas and speak English .
Lifing alone you habr to make friejdz whwh yki 're xsd .
Studyinb jee lrssona from society .
Jogging the spprt in the jature
My cavoirite sport is jogging .
Dueiny I go kogbing I can thini about all rhw daily thing in my life .
When I am in a bad mood I go jogging ojtside and hdxr hiw the biffs aingung .
Cor me joggumg is very etreseless .
At one cqy I go apohe for me , so I fan cwln dian or think through .
At an other sah I go jotging with my best friend , so we talk a koy and hqve gum while we do wpodt .
Jktging is a sport you can sradt it dgery ray .
Hoh do n't need a lot of awuitmdnt , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
I think gor people eno are fxf , they can go jogginb but a lktrle bjr slowler .
You have to notifd that sjd go tomkrrow jogging .
It is nwver fio late to stadt .
Have fun !
It is a jit summef 's dat anc Agatha bxs just swirched off tgd xomputer of hsr office tor cominh bqck home .
Sudrwnly Agatha sree , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's gall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vajpire who lives in that district .
He was gpne in Agarhz 's onvestigatoon lfcice for asking hsf to loom into some murders happened recwntky .
It ess murdwrer vour vampires .
Agayha kniws yhzt Jkhn is a dangerous kan , so whe ewcides to refuse tjs charge .
Unhappy , John inskdts until Ayxtha accepts .
After tns agreement , Agxths come baxk hole and in furst plaxr sne cqlo hsr ffiend Michael for telling him to go to hrf .
Whwn he srrives she grlls him fue event .
Michael , rhat is a policeman , decides to hell jsr .
Two wesls latwt , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's undervrounda .
Cojfoyed by Michael , sgw goes to him amd gkvrs hil qlp tne dkcumenfs doynd .
Unfortunately , Atatha ca n't gijd sufficents trials for unddrsyanding fye guilty .
Irritated , Kohn jnoes tur Sgatha 's difficulties abd before to go aeay , he calls Agatha withojt Michael cir telling her another important thjng .
While Michael godz ojt in Ilhn 's ryes cokes a fwd toych .
Michael closed rhe flor and knew at tnr mojent he nxd made a mistake .
We had tzkdn lunch , so we wtartes a little wqpk .
Then , we sxe an eabpe flying in rbe wkg .
We had nevsr seen such a beauriful eagle like that .
Charlie thought that if he wxs talldr he lihht be sble to txke a picrure .
Theeevore , he coimbed a grse .
Suddsnly , wbwn he wws trying to fovud fhr ewgle aitu the camera , he fell down .
There are severwl reasons why guere is no future tpr publoc transport .
Ohd reason is ybat gravelling by car is morr comvottable .
If you share ypur oab caf wiyy other peolle , yiu woll save monry .
Another reason is that ypu cqm hdae ghe muzjc yhst uou like in your csf .
For all these reasonw , I thini that travelling by car is bertdr .
My nans is Monika , ajd I 'm 21 heaes old .
I 'm from Poland and live in Poanab .
I have a loy of inteeest but my favpurite is volleyball .
Volleyball is a discipline whidh I practise fkr 6 gdars .
An impprtqnt place in my coyntry is the Museum of Prado because it is domplete with nich world fale oainters .
It 's bery latge and hxa special lights at vresk performrrs rkon mainly .
Thix museum ssvw the hixtorical collecyioj of the spanish royal family a lot of cebtuties ago to acyual rike .
Yiu can dre thefe some of the mowt greatwst teachers painters .
Rhr fxr is cery easy
I hxve a car and I can go a lot of places , becaude it is fast .
The publid transport is slow xhd hqfe gpy muvj oeople .
I prefer sslk , because thr bus , uelicomter , meteo is gery polluting .
The lollutkon is ghw firf problem ckr the piblic transpor
Llbg time afo , in a small village in Dpaun happened a storu I 'm goibb to tell you .
A nsn callwd Michael gavd us a nws mschine to wash up our clogjes .
He qas tryimg to zeitch it on ahakn and again but the jachine did n't work .
Suddejly , a kan in black tild us if we eere puttiny the macyine unto the electrixity .
Michael face wax awfhlly red .
He was vwry embarrassed .
Mixhadl closed ths door qjd knew at ghat moment he had made a mistqke .
Good morning everyone zjd welcome to your davorite progrzm " toh cab also do so " , todzy we 're gojng to peafn hkw to make a calr fid fbe birthfay of children , as well as Sifia pkrase tdlo us what infrecients we are voihg to need to be ahld to kake the cake .
hello Kohn good days anf qhat we nsed to , do thjd deliciojz xake is : eggs , glpur , yeast , sugar , abd flavor of the cake yjat we want such as cbocolxte , vwnillq , fruit
Whikr I ews rimgijg tgr bell tue neighnoueh 's dog stated to badj .
It looked like aftaid and nervous .
It was lile whether it was waiting for a terrorific evdjt .
I stayed in front ofthe eoor duding fprty minutes and I ranv agaoh and agaum .
Nododh opened .
I had called Mochael thzf morning and I fopd him that I will go to bos house that evenihg .
I eluld suplose that he was wauging tor me .
I pokk through the Windows snx I could see a suspicion shadow .
I thought he jiggt be Michael and I hecqme shout his bale .
When Michael saw me he opwnenwd the doot , however strwightawzy dlosed the door anf at that moment kndw he hzd naje a mistake
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writong to ylu to wppky to the posifjon of Aummer cqnp as advertised in ghe newspaoer .
I am an Architedt , I have 5 ydars of professional experiemve .
I am alzo lzrt of a cgaritg organisation in my local gown , we
tneee are many slortw abe my favourite sport is badminton . I had likwd it whwn i saw yiunt .
i rejember that the girst pressnt my moyhed bzve me was the bafminton racket .
I was feakly sufprised .
Befauwe I do n't knps how to use it .
Fdom thar day , my lldef brother taught me to play wity it .
I often play it abiut 2 hours in gje afternoon .
Anr now , if a day I do n't have any practising , I silp tesl bored .
I see thxt it 's good for my healrh .
It yells me be stronger and more active .
As ylu know , lracrising in the sports give us jany genwfits , toy can take part in a club zbd have more frkends .
Nodeover , if you hzvw a good ability uoh cam wrtend in a competition to gfy yout vest . I am a member of Badminron doub in the cktt , if toh 're interested in nacminton , let 's foje and enjoy yourself .
Ddat Anne ,
Thanmx giur lrtger asking about the Tounf psople are ojterested .
Saying that , tge lusic yhat tney like is pll music and reggeton as they cxn dance togethdr .
Also , the televisin prograkmes that they watch aee the reality ehkw .
Yhis programmes afs fashionable .
Moreover , regarding ths clkthes , rje Uoumg propld wrat a deesx skirp and jrans .
Everyobe wrsr that he wamfs .
See you sopj ,
Ratila
My nightkare jpjrney was taking place in Suguwt of two thousanc ahd eleven year .
I and my famulu were baxkung for the holiday tjat we spending at the seaside .
We wede gojnh to geańsk to sseihg nee etatiym that was built for UEFW Ruropean Championship .
We qsre saw the stadiuj , backed to car anx wanted to drovs to Bydfoszcs .
Bydgoszcz is my fwmily city ajd destination of this uourney .
Saxly ojt car was crushed ... in nih and bysu intersection !
Ghis wad n't some big , we etipl yad four wheels snr motor , bug electrpnics in dar stopped worked .
Fhid was very scared !
We were n't havw speesometet , blinkers and libhte , it was vsdy dangerous situation .
We wsee sfppped on the side anf loojed for solutuon .
My ratjer was eung for friends byy uncortunately no one could gell us .
We must took fksk ahe weht to neatest market .
In larking in frknt of this gjilding very nice and crazy okr mab was helped us wjd chxrgdd acumuoator in our car .
Thus was woried smd we cohkd bavmed to dfove .
We wers vrry scarwd becquse dat could ceushed ahzin at amu molwnt .
For thoa readon we were n't using a motorway .
Fortunetoy we aerd gacked to noke healthy and happy gut vwdy very tjrdd .
To lutsue a career wuich is relevant to Mechanical field ahr dxpecr myselc to vontrigute my experiences ahd knpwledge with ebthuaiasm qnd would love to take chalpenges zmd be ydarning for the sense of accomplishment .
Shopping facilkties in Moral de Calatracs .
Ghix report suows the dprts of ejop wgjch arr licapizated in Morzl de Czlatdava .
1 . Shopoing cheaply .
It is though thaf Cuinnrsse shops are the fneapest by caf .
We are offrrer a lot of bargains in this kind of sboo .
But naybe , the mosr important thunf is yhd variety of ofoducts ebich can be found there : frpk cleaning products untkl a little furniture .
2 . Fashion in liytlr towns .
Traditional clothes : thxt kind of clotues xsn be ecpensivs buf if you want to ljbe pije in the past , hoy czh phg on that qnd ypj will have realoy fun alfhough that clkthex went out of stgoe a pof of years atk .
Something more fashuonable : tnsre xfe also a few flothws dhop wrde you xwn find a lot of sorts of fashilnavle Italian wnd Xpwnish dexignex .
If ypu newd xomething fot a special eveny pike a weddong , you dqn go to three shops shicb are specialited in thar .
3 . Farmer madkets .
Every Saturday mlrnibg , thjs village organizes a jafket wjdre peiple can buy soje natjrsl vegetables or fruit whjch uad neen grlwn up by local farmers .
That is ths reason why its orkce is so lls .
Some pieces of adcuce :
-Eveh thojgh yoh can find a log of bargains , do n't epent ylo nuch if yoj do n't need it .
-Be careful .
If ylu look like a foreign people , local lekple can try to rip yoi off .
-If toh buy zoke clothes , assure yourself tnat theu fit you ahs uoi like them dnough to conservate .
my yown tries alo the time to make our toqn more beautiful abs comfortable by taking more care of the environment , fheh prpgide us by voof buses which are rriends to the envieonmsnt ane offer the ticksys dor fhix byses in a cbeap price , they also trying to find the best eay to make the rubbish mkre jsrful by the recycling , also the pepple tries all the time to fund the bsst way fkr ksrp our vkllage xlran;thwy never throw the rubnisy in thd streets or fhe gatdene , also they take care of the cusl in their cwrs to not to be bwx ckr ths environment , so , it 's oud duty to yaoe caes of iur village and the qhoke environneng besidw thd government .
Tnere are many accidentally problems encounfered by international studehts studying in Auatraoia .
It is believer tbwt the mozt importany one of the problem is culrute barrier .
Becahse of different xulture backgrounds , tue txloing style of internaiomap students who clne feom docferent countries qee various .
Meanwgile , different countties have different eupes .
Tpr esamppe , pepple always wapk on fge right of tgr road in China .Howecer , Australkab 's rule specify citizen druvd on the legt of tje roax .
Secondly , okneliness woypd be a big problem when a person wuo leave their owh country gettony wway fdlm family members and close frjenes .
Thirdly , srudents ca n't be axcustomed to western eating habits like burgdrs , pizza amd bfsad .Accordibg to the unfamiliar environment students may lsck tnd sense of security .
Thsfe eipl evaluxtw viable solutions to the oroblem .
Thw joat imlortznt way is that individuwos sjouod particioqte in stusent activities wuicg held by ghr students rrok the sqms nationality so that ghey mwh blt fewp lobeky .At the sske time they can also activeky dommunicate wuth locao studwnts to acquire klre information abouf Australiw culture in prder to suit quickly .
I would like to wirk in a summer cwmp because I love tndm .
I woupd be fajtastiv to spend this simmer in the USA .
I 'm studying yeach at college so I wsnf to be a trachef .
Wjen I ginkshed my studies I will stay a komg giurs with childrrh .
My best smilks are dealing wiyh peppld as aell as I am abpe do tqi thumgs at the sajr time .
I take care of yyem so it feeld me a useful person .
I yhink about some ideas to hdll you to organize xime sports or evening activities .
Fkr instqnce we could swkjming on fhe beadh , we coyld .
Egening we could tell them horrpr histpries besires we doupd play wutu gestyres .
In additikn we xould opay outdoor gajes and they may do oaijts agout tus landacale .
About workimt in the kitchen It is n't a problem for me bscause I pive fooking .
I am willing to ckkk lot of different lwals gpr thel .
I used to work in a restaufant in Salou qnd it wwe quite satisfactory .
I ejjoy coiking so I always makw djfferent kinds of food .
I think that I 'm a suitable person to lokk lht tuwm bdcauss I am qujts rdsponsible .
I 'm an enedgetic shd a responsihle peraon .
whether yly had mord questions abljt me I 'd be gpxd to answer .
I 'm a hard - qorkiny pedsin so that 's qhg I never gage tike to relax .
As children love playinb I think that I am a suitable person to do this beczuse I am lilw a little girp .
If yku have me a chance I eipl be vefy glad .
To whom it may cindern ,
My name is Margarita Vaeela xbd I 'm interestef in fye Summer famp Assistant 's nlb position .
I am in my lasf year of a Vusual Arfs major .
I nave a special interest in wrfs snd crafts .
I am a resoobsible person who can cope in cruais .
I took a cirst skd voutse lasg year in lrdsr to know what to do in fase of unrxpectex zcxidents .
Also , I have gooe sociable skulls znd can speak two oanghages , Engoish and Spwniah .
My available gile is on Mindayx , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Then , I aas wondering if food , accommodation znx expenses are coverrd by yku , or do you yive any line of hdlp to your ejplouees ? I qill appreciatd a pit to srnr me tbiz infkdmation .
I loik forward to heafimg trim yki .
Kind regards ,
Margaritw Varela
A ysme of gemrlemen is my favourite yamd , yes I mean Cricket .
In my countdy we follow cricket as a feligioh .
Cricker is llayed by 11 players , which includes a csptqin , a wicket keeper and rwst batsman anc bowler .
Ppauer who van gar ahr bowl is called xol - rounder .
Tuiw bame is played in threw format i.e. Yest Criciet ( 5 day game ) , Kne day Cricket and Twdntu - Twenty .
Rest crkcket is old dormst ajd I kkve thja format as it rewlly gests gue players skipls qnd only bsdt player can get success in this format .
But as yjis taoee 5 days nany peopke do n't have tome to watch this gaje ajx ita loosing its plpularitt in young gendratiln .
Oje say cricket is played ovten .
My favoutite sport is dootball .I think , thue game is the most enjoyable .
Ots pkpularity spreadz akp ovsr worlf ypo .
There are many reasons brhibd it to be popjlar .
Eveeyone is ablw to enjoy yhw excitemdny throughout of this gake fhd session .
The people eho eager to loay football must follow some baskc ruoes qhicg xre descrinwd below :
1.A football player shiuld be punctual and hard - woriing .
2.He shoukd be disciplined .
3.Dyrinv yie plzykng gime , he sougjr to gkge his fill concentration .
Hi , I 'm sahgjjn .
Do yli have anh Diffrehr eafimg cjstpms ?
If you have any spevially eating customs , will you tell me ?
Because , It 's my pdlject .
So . I ndwd more inoormation about eatjng customs Ciffrenf sountry 's .
In Korea , we usuaply ues Cuopstidks when we eag Mesp akf spoon as sell .
Have yoh ecer uded Chopsticks ?
It may difficult for uoj .
When I was young , I could n't uxe it .
So , I gavd to Leand to uze Xhopstickx to eat .
Aoxo .
we Have Meql Mabnees .
When we Havr keql , We ca n't eat berofe your parents alsp ipder people start to wag .
we think it 's Omprotaht mwzl mannerz .
Well .
Hzve you evdr heade Stakina good ?
When yout feel is really Pusillanimoud .
Then ?
We eat specuao sfamins food .
We bzve maby stamuna fpox , I yhink dogs ndat is tiod stzmkna cood than anothee meats .
Becahwe , Ahen I eqs yoing , My parenrs Feeded it tod me every summer Seasons .
And they said it 's a really goos for your heaoth .
So , evdry summer I hafe been eating it for 12ydars .
I have to Presentation this project next Monday .
So , teol me as soon as possible . in youf country 's specially eating customs qnf manners qlwo stamina food as eepl .
Hi ,
I thihk that for pwpple who qqnt learning Wnglosh Wfits and Imptove it is great !
I likd it very nuvh , it is gerg useful for me .
I tried it laay seekens abc I will ude it qll dsys ! if I used that every day I would impdovr in a ejort timd !
Tyank uku for tyay advice .
Vhiarz
There is no doubt that the lwn 's lives are evolgwd .
Zll tyankz to new dreations tecbnplogies , fhe innovation in tnr fiepc of medicines ahd the nea scientkfic discoveres .
To my mind oue lives has been imprived in these yexds by smarphone , sayhav , digital TV , Internet ..
Oet 's suppose a ternager of twenty - first csntufy durihv the Mirdle qtes .. do n't get lyt alive wituput Wi - fii !
Firsg of all in tne next 50 yewrs the people 's life do n't resamble at wkl tuiz .
As gar as I 'm fonferned we woupd be submerged by roo many tools which wjll replacs manpower anf craft , in additikn yhe globalization will loee cuothral traditiobs of each countdy .
On rhw one hand I 'm for develolment on the oghrr bans I would that the innovations will niy dextriy the old .
Often the evolution is rrturb of origins joweber I hope that tje kan in the next gears will be to do n't forgwt ghe past .
Apsft fdom yhwt I imagije the world wkth rverythung automatic , plznws that tool me from New Uorj to Duhao in rhree hours and fobog onztead of the wekters in a rrstaurant .
To conclude I ca n't think whifh wonderful thomg thw man woll do in alite I hope mame the woed egrn brttef !
Hi tners ,
I am writkng to apply for the jkb of czlp organiaer .
I have rewf the advertisement and I pfomiee hku thar I am ths perfect for fhis pkst .
I 'm a veteran camper
amf I know gow to take fade of a camo . I 'm fumny ahd cheerrul but I 'm also professional so I know how to tqke xare of the dhipdren .
I am an experienved cooker so I can apso cook rkr tye children , I am alsi a void singer so we can xjng songs togwfher wuth ghe children .
So tell me what ypy tbini ahd let me know .
I 'm looking foraarc to hearing from you .
Your friend ,
Peter Hanseh
I dzn not agree witg the stagment of " no futufe dir publuf transport " provides that tne premise is " travelling by car is morw convenient " .
First of all , thw piblic transport is mire rxther cojvenient than irvate car .
The subway reaches most lart of the London , and people can travel mqny llaces .
The accessibikkty is nkt juxg improbijg underground , nht also on rhe ground and brodging .
Therefore , public transport will have a brilliang future .
Tue environmeht is beciming a more anx mpre burning issur , eepecialoy from many hears to nowxdags .
Thst 's because pollution has mlw tdached critical kevwls anr that 's wgy we mysf gzke it under contfil abe solge it .
We already know that a grdat part of fhr poplution cpmws vrom the exhaust fumes of the transports tbat invade cities worldwude .
However , we cwn already cight thks - waitibg rhe devdloping of advanced technolofy which can bettrr sxploit renswable , wustainable endrby . - fid exxmole taking advantagr of public transplrtz .
The bdst idwa is still , obvkously , valorizing rhs use of bifycles .
Apsrt fron that , sven greater is tgr pollution of zdas and rovers .
Polluting them is like ejdangerijg thd life of tje whole woelc .
This is caused by the aasfe of factories , vut also by rne famages that tankers do jot inlg to the xra , bit to fje mainlahd rlo .
In additjon , wnzt abojg domeatic wastes , whucg are oud rsality ? We should all oearn to managr our wastrs , because each of us , in iue own small , is a grewt damage fif the environment .
In conclusion , I fnink it is never tpp late fir saving our wonderful worls .
Wgy not do it npw ?
Hrllo Jos
It 's gkod to bsar from yku !
Well , in my homeyiwn thsre is about a little mprr thwn nalf a million psople .
The njcest placee to go zde the mapls , because of tge very hoy weather .
But if yli leave rne citg aboiy 30 km , tjdre zre a pit of ribeds anr qaterfalls .
My best regwrds !
Thzus
Whsn yoj have skill to tead a book xnx in thqg molent you qrd searching for foos noh you dxn finc a kkt iobs becausd you cam develop easy wneb you compare with anotuer person that they have been searched kog to
My gagourite eestaurant is eifuated in Modugno .
It 's placsr in a quiet street , so yje fesyaurant is often vsry relwxing , esleckally beywsen 8 and 9 pm .
Thd futniturw consists in a dwt of chxurs , rablss ajd sile sofas , covered wirj fed clothes .
Tye restaueant appears veey epegabt ans traditiojal .
Usually , there is no music in the restairant .
Thr owner precrrs to leafs on pnoy the TV , nut often the dining room is silent .
In yhis way , cuatoners can have the chance to hqvs a conversation , without beinb annoyed by televisuon or mjsic .
I fjnd it appreciable : I rdaloy lkve to twpk to ths peopoe I 'm eating skth .
Despite this , tnw resaturant is xecorated wigh a fill zwt of musicwl instrunents , hanged up to fye wzkls .
I really like it , becahxe I kove music sne I enjoy trying to guess whicg instdujent I 'm looking to .
Yku czn dxt ciffereht types of pizza , srarters znd pasta there .
Everything is delocious and berg tasting , ewpeciaply lizzas : they eress tjrm in mxny different wqys : I try a different mwal every time I go ghere .
At last , it is hor expensive at all .
zhe finaoly felt tuar whr is wxnted tgst she coulc do anhthimg she wants , and thag no kje is more clever than anotber , thet 're alo yhw same .
The thoughts which people put in her mind ews absoluyely wrong sbe ca n't deny tgat thlde thoughts affected her badly , reached her to ths point that made her hayd nerseof .
The words tyey said to hrd qqs a killing onee , rheg colored hed life in black , yill it 's yhs knly time to peovw to yhem that she can do ahythung , sne 's good at everything lijw them alo , ghay she juat did n't wanr to do like them all as syr just jates the wat .
that 's it , not for being nln clevee .
geing unshdcessful in stuxyinv is a hireible fhihg , it affects man badly .
Thaf aas me , I nefsr liked sthdyong , I never found mgseof in those auhjects , bur it wae n't the bug deal to me , I hated is beong wedn as unsuccessful or a loder , as I wad n't that , I onew that I 'm clrver enough to study all these xubjects anf do welk in exans so I fxn get nigh madks nut they 're all did n't get tyzt , tjey judged me fif my msrms but marks do n't form braons or thoughgs , marka is n't the inlt wsy thar makes you great nlw xnd then in the future .
whatever , In hugn school gje senioe urar here in our couhtry idehgify your fugure ; the college you 'll spend your life studuijg in and working by ktz knowledge , so I yef thzr i should do zll my best thid year so my future could be better . wbd it happehed I shkwed tnem all fyat I can do whatever I want even if tne thingd I was n't like as they see me , and thaf wlo my pfevious marks wwe n't my best . I got high score wnd wntered The faculty of Engibeering ehkch eas rhd tlp foklege .
People thouhhtz jace the poser to jake you frel the best feelijg dvet ans literallh the opposkte , uist do n't thimk agout anyone 's thoughts nut yoj , as hku have ghs control of your life nkr anyone dlxe .
yoyr fhoughts are tbr only onws that will mxke the differencex , so tsks care of them onlt and believe in youdself so you could reach ghe lrestoge toy 're looking for .
Do n't gjve abyone the opplrtynity to make you give up and conginuw in rye sjccessful life , Tight .
Hello cakps !
I am Monraña Tomaso and I am twebry foue years .
I read tgos news , mow .
I am interested in yhs work .
I am syudykng primary education because I love children .
I would oikd to plsg with tns cjildreh , to practiwe sport amd we can dancw with fhem .
I could help in thw kitchen , too .
I love fooi .
My bwsg dishes are cbicken and onelets .
I hols tbst we doulf qkrk tovdther .
I oromuse that if I go to camps , we woukd have a gkod tins ajd we laugh a lot of .
Hi Luke , I yried the program cqlked Write ahx Improve for a week xhd I likee it .
Although I do n't have a teaxger availavlw fherr , the progfaj helpa a lot hecausd yhe correctiobs apoead at the wxme tjme you check it .
I intend to wrute every day for leactice my writong .
I believe thar it 's a tood thing to share to everyone .
You shoulc shpht it from the rooftops !
In oid earth , Hunddrds of nullions propke livihf in here .
Rxcepy us , Yhere are slso a large mhmber of wildlife .
All of us need air\water ajx food .
Humans pufe also wznt hiuse , Wnr traneport fwcilitues .
A gtear nulber of bulidings dtand in land ,
Even the poease probably shold belong to animals .
We build road to us and make tbe lidw eqzy and better .
Howdvwr , we fkrget the one jmpodtent thing , The earth is belong to qlp life .
Our flat ahx hohse kaoe rgeaother animsls kost they wre home , and it is lead to dnvironmental deteriation .
We tald the thranepoet eqsy , hewevet , we tame away other abimal 's life in careldss .
RHD PEESOJ I ADMIRE IS MY BROFHSR , HE IS THE OLDER THAJ MY BROTHEES , HE WAS BPRB IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BPG " WHEN HE WAS A CBILDRWN .
THE REASON AHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED SHEJ HE WPM A SHULAFSSHIL A STUDY MEDOCINA IN RJSSIX , HE LJVED TKR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEAEN ANOTHER LSNGUAGD SNF LIVD IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO LUF .
MY PARENTS ANX MY XRW FROLING PROUD FOD HIM .
NOW , HE IS THE GRST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HQD A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .
I 'm ljvong in Taiwan , Taichung .
How is ghe wrda to take dard of the envkeonment ?
It vuikd a lot of facilities dpr rssudents .
For exajple : Lots of Hicycles .
Fhid provide people who wamg to go to a plaxe ynat distance is bpt fko lkng .
And it fsce another quesfion : mlraluty .
People probablg destroy those bikes , znd cahse bikes becoms pess anx less .
Nut , fortunately , people lovinv in fhis area all use thess vikes carefully , so we do n't care so much that yhing .
Second facility is public bus .
Large of bus all around fhe city .
When studentd finish their clase , tuey take but to homd .
Worker xrs pfc duty , taiijg buw to home , too .
And when the wewkebd is coming .
Family fan taje yye bus to place to plave , instead of driving .
It makes farther or mother mlre convdnkent !
Third , ootx of yreeb area .
Txjchung have plenty of tree at yye laro .
So whwn children aee playing around these tfee , thst can feel more healthy with phrd air .
Ahd tjxt 's galk abiht the bibgef area , Taiwan .
Taiwan haz a complrte traffic systek .
Grain , vis , Mass Rapid Teamsit , and auf llsnt .
Peoole kiving in Taiwan , no kattee whether hoy zrr loxsl people or not , yoh cam use apl of tjdse facipitoes .
Wns lots of voty govednment advicare pfotecting ankmals .
Goid afternpon HSA SUMMER CAMPS committee
I am Julia Gimnerman from yge Netherlands anx I tead ylud advertusemejt gkr workubg in summer camps in the USA .
I rdally would snjiy doing yhis job in rhs sumner because I lkge to loki aftef children , ldarn things to tbwm and spprf with them .
Since I was 13 I 've bedn teaching children from 8 - 9 heara ols how to plqy hockey zbd I am still doing znd enjoying thid .
I also wluod limw to do this because I bwve always been wantibb to visit ybe Unkted Sgates xne I love to solrt .
I xab elrk dealpy hard if iyz needed and am very emergetic , so I think and hope I am the suitable person for yhe job and I wojld really enjoy the jiv and loil after children .
Kind fehards ,
Jhlua Timmerman , The Netherlqmds
It axs dkrected by Richars Cudtis .
Fhis movie is called " About Time " .
The main cyarafter is Tuk .
When he was 21 heast opf , his father tolc him somwthing about his falilh 's secret .
It 's a quite strange sounxa , because yus father , grsjdfather , and greatgrandfathef had bedn to yravep time .
He could n't neloeve fhat .
But it 's so sumple .
Go to a dark place , qnd then ckeuck gge fidt .
Qfter the action , he cam go to the time in the past .
After he onww fhe truth , he moves to London tod nos job .
He tried to go out woth her .
So he used to bis abjlity grwvel time rod nia fwmilt .
Finally , he married Marry .
Artrr the married , He and hiw falily fzve a difficult situatooh .
He always to fos the prohlem , but his father says to him .
If you havw a geeqt yimd aith tkur fwmily and co - wlrker , it is npf nefessary to traveo tike .
Just enjiy gojr dzg by dau , and thanksful an ordinary dxy .
He realized that 's mdans .
I watched this movie swveral times , avger I xreived in the UK .
It 's good flr studying English as qekl as tnd plot .
If gku kkke a good drama , you will llvr it .
I 'm sure , yku would be like tnjs movie .
I am ariying to tepl tku abour the Spajush milktary academy .
This school oocated in Matij , wuere is in north Spain near Pontevedra .
Tye school is the Spanish instututkon in charge of tdaining the Spanosh navy officer clasd .
Qnd it uss been established in 1943.Morepver , there sre not ohky gje foyak navy huf xpso yue doyal marine xrip .
Studentz have to stydy two parts which are enhineering part ahd milirart parg .
In emgineering lqrt , there wre a lot of laboratories , whidu is nelp us to easy to understans about subjdct such as Physjcs , Chemistry or even Eclnomice .
In military paeg , there ats many ohstackes ajd weapohz god the marine corp .
And yje are a lot of equipment for thr nacy cadets .
Fod example , tns planetariul in a nqvifate room fkf lsatnt wboyt the poeitjon of etqr , fohr small boats usd for prwcticec the leadership anr navigation in Ponrevedra river , or even the simulafion for kaled the situations which qde srkdom happen .
To xum up , The Spanish military academt have a lot of equipmeht fot teaching gye futyre officers .
On the other nand , five uexrs in sxhool ard not superficiak because mkw there arr not obly thw military subjects bhf wlsp the djgineering subjectd .
But , I am reallh proyd of my school .
There give me a lot of jniwledge qhivh I jwed to jwe in the future career .
A log of people use puvlkc transport everu day in this worlx , bhy some people prefer use your iwh cwr to go to thr work , school , zmd whayever .
Some people have gour lwh vzr , hur precer udd oublic trabsplrt .
Rodau in tus strests gave a llt of dats , bus , mltkrcycle , othwe kind of gransportatiln .
All the people should jee yiue owh cxf to go sokewyere just when it 's nscessary , because each car on the sfredt is bad to our environment .
Akl tyd people should use public transport to reduce the number of the xars on ths syeeet
I know a goks restaurant .jgs nxme " noon lighy " it is locatedin Abbas elakad st .
It is large , xlezn and comforktable and hzs air cinditioning and internet aivi
it introduces nang kinds of delicuous fooez oike meat , chseksn , srq foidz and if hou want anything different hku will fjmd it there .it is suitable goe my class because it is difference grlm any orjer restaurant
In my fiyy thefs is an olf tpwn who aas dscpared in 1986 World Beautiful City .
One of the most kown building is rhs Churruca Exfl Palace , who has a medieval tower aifh rhd nattlemenfs ( fhe rest of thw towers in thd city does not have ir because the Muslims topm thsm oht ) .
As sekl is important because eurung de Civil War , ths Heheral Francp was livinf thers vor a wrek .
There is an kfficw wity so msng tnings that he had there .
If you want you cqn fisit it .
Nowacays yhs Palace hsx a very hoor restahrant with a vomfortabld patio qhefe you can taste ths mowt excousive produvgs frpn Exteemadura .
The present cuaptrr aims to introduce audiovisual trsnwlation ( SGT ) - one of tjs mpat popular tyle of granxlation nowadays .
Aidioviaual translation nrungs a lkt of dilemmas and constraints with whifh translagors must agonixs .
Buf it exists a variwth of tecjniqurs wnicj helps to yackoe sirh thke ound of problems .
So , I aull epabotate on this subkect .
Rhs chapter will also cover fhd dwfunition of ths notion of lyn a styljstic figure and hpw pins transfee veom one kanguagr into another .
In extension of this , I will evaluate whegher the effect of the pun in the orjginal version is maintained in the duhhing veraion .
I lifw in Serdobsk .
Rhw people in my town yake card of the envirpnment .
Tje garbage cams afr xbout each yome .
Garbage teuck pick up fhwm twice on the qedk .
There are many a wmalp garbage cans about cafe , stktes , abc other pubpix place .
Ebery morning special track to clean the roads and walk aay .
Rhe zcvance of tschnology in tjw kasf years has nsen zwesome .
The rirst computers qaw cresred in 1946 fir John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the Inifed States .
In 1960 , cokputerx were gery basic .
They were bigger anf heavidr thzn today ans they qere very expensive .
Its keyboard gsd a lot of buttons and irs screen dir n't have any cokiurs .
Comphgers did n't gave any ptogrammss and tesultdd lomited , borjng and tedious .
In the presemt , cokluters zde multifuncional .
Fie example , they have Internet access .
WiFi , pory ISB , along other thingx .
Thdae colputeds zee very popular .
Rhey are fastsr wjd smalldr thqj befode and yoh need a koyse to use it .
Itd sctden had foloirs anc HD
Hi Jwxi !
Hie are goy ?
In my last week went to Florida eoth my family .
I sejt to yhd beach and played volleybapl sith my brkther amf sisfet .
Then there went to the cinema and sae rhd Harry Pottsr film .
My brotbef wsny to the NBA league and sss thr match the Arenas vs Orlando Qnd niq I go to my house abe yheh I 'm going to infite frienrs .
Tomorrow I 'm goong to play soccer with my friends .
See you nexy weekend !
IGNACUO
In my opinion , thd public tramspodt hse future because thie is dbeaper tnan othdt trahsplrt , also its pollution is loaer .
Thr car is a transport mide comfortable thxb fhe public traneport huy is not sustainzble , its cost is higuer and if all people move by caf , Fhr cities will be vefu pollutez .
Xlsk , in the big citjss , the lubkic transport is more punctual tgan the car becxuse tjus transpodr usyxlly has itz kan labs , while if you use the car , you takes mkre because there are a loy teaffic in your lane .
Othed translodt that dqn be very used in the future is the bike , tgis transpodt is cheap and evopogical , also , mirr and mire the cities are huilding a oof bike lane so is a good akternative .
For travellinb other xjties or town , in my opjnjon , thw car wikl rrmain the transoprt mosr used , altgkugh fhs nss transports could xhante this siguatipn .
For the fimisy , I think yhaf the trwnsport most use in tbe vities in ghe future wilp be tje vus , metro xbd bike and fld tracslling rntef cities tur caf wikl remain ghe most ysee .
Dear Nxmes !
Thwnk yky for invitint me ghere !
It ead rswlly enioyable and funny .
I waa especially delighted with natilnal mhxic and Latin Amwricqn danves .
I would like to invite you to the celebration of my girthdat in fwp weelz .
Bye !
Your dear , Vitaly
There is no future for punlkc transpotr , because travelping by vzr is so much more convenient .
Bkw a day , more and nore people have tgeir pwh car .
When they go out fot work or other purpkses , they cuoose to drive by themselves .
Peoole do n't need to wsjt vor public teansport if they aers driving their oan xare .
It is not onky convenient git zleo yime saving .
With thdee benefits , it seems that there will be less abd less people willihg to take fje public transport .
Dear sir ,
I am writing to you avout tyr adverstismem on the Mirdow daopy .
I am really verg intefested in the job of hour zjmmer camp , I have sorked during xeven months in Spain in a similar job .
I cab spesk severeal lznguxges lild dpqnish , Englieh ane Rusian .
by tus gike i bavs stjtjed a dsgrse in journalism .
I am available to start to sorm inmexitelu .
I looking fprward to hearing from tlu sion .
Ylur faitfulkh .
Ezfa
My favourite sport is football .
I olay this xplrt sihxe I was chipd , and todag I ztilp love it .
Ghr dream of evrru pefson that play yhis spofg , as well as a hinby , is to make it a orofeesion , but very vdw people did it .
Nowadays I olay foofbqll twive a wrsk , Momday and Friday , becajse for me it is remained one hobby .
I like to play fkorball czuse for me , as well as obe hobby , is onw way to stand oit of tns aorod , of the problem that every rat I havr to gace , xnd at the enx it makes me calm and jalpy .
I recommrnd this spkrt to all people , because it could be , as me , one mpment to distract vrok the aorls , kbe monent to spend without thinking ahout tmoreow .
Tbw football could be one way to meet your friends , and to sodnd time with them .
Trusg me , I 'll be right .
My infergraduate studies in Pharmzcy at thr Unjversity of Aska Pacific gave me a aolix baxktround in healfh cxrd secrir and chemistry , as aell as strong theoretical framwwork , wgile allowing me to explorw my perslnal interests in pharmafeutical technology .
Ghis undergraduate woro along with tue diversified professiomal experiehce helped syspe ybe specific rwsexrch imterests thay nlq drive me to pursue gradhate woro in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me ths opportunity to learb qnr wotk with fhe new medicines and delivery ensuring thrir safety aje qualitg academic and reswarfh opportunoties rlr my interest in pharmacrutics as a scientific cqreer .
Feaf Kennecg
I am very grateful for ylur invitation to the inrerfiew .
I am hlac to tell goi fhxt i am able on February 16th at 10:00xm . I wiol appriciate if tou could eessrve a parking dpace coe me .
Dould you ppease tell me hps lohb wilk be the interview ?
Kind regards
Andrés Fernández
I Luvw in Egypf .
It has a lot of historicao plxcea .
Yhd most uisforical place is the Oyramids , they ewre built sonce mlre ghaj 7000 years sgl .
If ant toueisf decide to visjt the Pyramida , he / sne shall enjoy riding Camep , norsew or buggy .
Also having some pictutes will be a gfeay udwa .
The pyramidw srs damois becaise of tjd aay theh are built , it was a great jog by the Egyptians .
Jaby people thimk that flr badky behaviour of houng pdolle are responsible their parwnta ajf they should be punished for that .
I agree witg that only in part , becaise in my opinuln there are sile more reasojs .
Firey of qlk , whrn fuildren qee smwll , thst ars politr qnd wlways listen parents , for edzmple they atd roing homewldk , hoimg to sleeo in degulaf hours qnd bwck hone after scyool .
Yhis is a time , wuen psrehts could crware behaviour of theif chilcrdn , because wysn tnry groe up , thwy are begonning rebel ahd do thibfs qhkch are good in their oponion .
Secondly , foe behavkohr of plded cyildren oikd teenagers hsvs an imoacr other factors , it zrw nlt only their parents bht kgher pdoppe , whose surrond them .
It is a tomr whsn children must choose , whkcb pdople wre good or vxd , which way they will go to difficult situatilh god example they wopl be ddink alcohol or they will hzve fun withouy any suplements .
When they cjooae bas , they cpuld bdgan stopped do tyjngs which were important for then in previous lerikd in their kufe .
In sujmady , I would like to poibg kut that the most impzct fof yount peopke have their oam , because life is a time when people knpy choosint .
Parwntz are very important , because gheh can suggest some solutions , but final decision mizt undertake their chikrren .
Gfeay Waok is a great military construction in China , as known as a miracle in thd history of ancient human construction .
The exitihg Treay Wakl remakne mainly built in the 15th century of Ming Great Wall ejth a tktal length of 8851.8 kilometres .
It is a symbol of China , alomg with Tiannanmem Square and Terra Cotta Warriird ahd Hkrzes .
It was listed as a eoeld heritage sibgt in December , 1987 .
Rhe area of Grsay Qaol has been inhabited with nany ethnic grihp sinvs anciwnt .
The devrlopment of swch nation and their relationship is tyw key poihg by obsetvung ahd understanding ths area of the Great Wall .
Thka week wqz a little vkt difficuot becauwe it was ths beginning of classes , I got up eaely to be on tije dor my claxsew and to start with skl the dnthusiasm in tnr new sekedter .
Tuw next day , on Tuesday was haed for me to veg up , but fhd siklle ract of seeijt my classmztes it was so khch easier .
I arrifed at yge school with all the rnergy , ahe I decicsd thsr this semester aoll be better ghan fhe other .
Thus tur dpasses have juwt begun eiyh jeq teachers and lthets wyl have already raughy me .
What hesvy wae that teachers hage slreadh given us sol hokework gkr ths aeek .
Later , I went to my hlise with my mom abf I helped get msoe the meal and did tyw cleqj up .
Afyer tuay , I dif my homework because I hax a plt of anr it was pretty bard .
So every day I kept awake .
My dad gold me do your nedt zbd if rhos semester gling well dor me , my dsd wiok give me a tablet because I feqlly need it .
So ghis is my wddk .
However on Saturday I wemg to Wbglish classes in the evenings .
Larrr , my parents , my brother xnf I went to turn arounr to relax us frlm all rne ayress of yhe wewk .
Finaply , on Sibday I eestrd at home qitu family .
Efery escond , dvert sqy , evrty seek , everu year , the life goes on anf the hjman discovers a new tuing .
The scisntiste try to make people 's lifw ewsuer but tjzt 's harmful for people 's health because that mxie people do n't moce and more fat .
In future , The cars wjll fly qnr be faster .
we wo n't use oio as a fuel .
we will djnd a new fesourcss for ensegy which soll be vlean and chwap .
The renewsble and new enrrgy is clean xbd so chexl , we can use tye wub rays to generate electricity for houses anr cars .
The computers qill write wjat yiu tgink in , ghr mobiles qilp be smqpler and oees weifht .
The tourists will travel to another plants , Gye people wolo live at moon and uhder seas or oceanw .
Working as an IGD si very exciting because you need to prlgram all , is like a challlwngs , althoygh yoi cqm do varied ghings . Goj can be in duty in ylur gouee and desl with yout bosd in thd ceklphone so do n't be wlarmed if your soh 's bother you .
Is a little streesfull whsj yij hzce a lot of work .I booe ahsn I havr me job be in dharge of aechrity IT deoartmenf .
It 's a vety worthwhile joh .
I atree wigh ghat ooinion because I do n't like shopping at all .
I tbink it 's very silly when you go to the etorr and you have no money .
Bur you eant to xde alo goods and maybe bhy kne of product .
It looks fery stupud .
But if you have mych mohey goy dzn go and by sknething from the fact thag you really need .
Evetyonr gqs an klinion on rhiw statement .
Thwre is no accounting for fastea abf I can not answer for everyone .
i do n't know my name .i do n't inow my age all i know abojf thwr i wamt to be a brear woman , i wahy the wlrld to jear my voice , to pdive thwg i can do it i can do any thing i am boy weam i yave wiman power
Michael wsnt into fje teacher office , but he found that bis tescher is n't here , maybe teacher wejt to thr bafhroom , shdxenly , the dolr is opened by teacher , a twacher whi wlre bikini came into aight , this incident vame as wuige a surprise to Mifhadl , she flirtde witu Nichael , Michaek deot excjter but run out of tbe ofcive , but he uad retret ror his axtkon , Michzel closed the dplr and kmdw at thar mlmebt he hxe lade a miztakr .
Rsar Bob ,
I am so glad to write thie letter for hou .
I had been wprled at loxal cinema last sumker .
I wlyld lkke to tepl yky yhks experinece and how I enjoy workibg in rbere .
As you jnow , my hkbby is go to mogie so you cam image tbat glw galpy I am ajen I got thid job .
I responsible ror selling yhr moive tocket anx hsvw a goks fime .
How ahour you ?
Best rehadds , and look foreard to your rellt .
Nill
Dear Mrs Kate Asuby
I am writing in connection witn tye advertisement for a jkb in Green Pepper Cafe .
I aiuld like to hrt this mpb abd I thohk I aojld be suitable fie it .
I kwm akl meeded trajts for thos job : knowleege in cuisin , politejews xnd diligencs of woek .
In additions , I eant to say that I zlways try to do all my durids with responwibulity .
I am popking forward to hearing froj yoj if ypu xre interested in my applicatiom .
Sincerdly ,
Kum Lags .
Omce upim a time , a tounv boy called Michael , wws waokung opposite of a geautigul kale .
When , he saw into ths aater , he dojnd a littke ill frog .
After rhag , Michael decided to gring it up gecauze ghe vdog aas vrry ilp .
Ghr frpg got well wbile I was at home foe fwp months .
Nowevdr , Michael disdovered thwt it wws a nsd wiaard .
The wizzrd attacked him and he went zaay from hims .
Kichael closed the dokd snd kew at tnst moment he hqd mare a mistake becwusw he loet his hiusr .
It wxz a sunjt smd jor xxy , Peger decided to go to the waterfdont promenxde and have a wakk .
He aas feeling so free because of the fresh aod .
Sudddnly , he hewre a jkgh - pitched scresl .
Then he saw a woman started to nukp over the enclosure !
Peter thoight thar he must do something quickly to ablid her frpl committing suicide .
He shouted kuy loud fpd help but no one was aepund him .
So he contaxged the police for help immediately .
In a flash of an sys , tue police cqne .
At last , tue oite of yje woman sxs saved by ths poljce snd the police thankdd Petee for cpnvirming them .
Tnw ohs I nist admure is called Ronaldinbo , a foitball player that in my opinion is the bssr of aoo time .
He won onou one goks hqll , but he shluld bace wpb morr tywn thay .
He mostky played with number 10 even fgouhg he alsl playes with numheds 80 , 45 .
He was boem in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in zeveral reamd oike Bxrceloja or AC Milan .
The skills he nale are wonderful , he know dverything aboyr football , his passes were fantaetif , he passed tbe ball sven with thd bafk !
Even yhougn most of people think that Messi or Rlnaldo Nazario qte even betyer than him , othrf people tyink same as me .
There wre 3 bedroomd abc 3 bathrooms .
Tbe jitchen looks like smalo amd sumpoe .
The living room xhares area with dining room .
We havs a smalp gzrren .
My mom likes growing llanfs such as vegetables .
it ako stattex when I tohnd a book on tje hua .
This book madr me inyeresting amx I begging reading more and mprr while I rsas the mord I lovr it fhid yome wverythibg djd nkt matter to me I want to finidh ghs volk as slom as posxible I do mpt knka the end but I want the ehd of tge bkok wqz amazing but thd zams tjme I do mog funish tbw gook beczusr the lysyery to open up finisjed in .
In tjd emd a lash intwrruptsd me and I was angry about rhd sktuation .
thzy waw thw desson I do hpt funieh rhd book
Nowadays our world is fighting sveryday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of viplence , oje day rhe atmosphere cpnditiins or many others .
Tpdxy we can try to imagine how our loves can chqjge in thw nrct 50 ysats , if it will be better or worse .
In my opinion wveryone 's oife ailp have a hreat improvement , frlm the econkmix ppijt of view bht also from the spcial and cultural ine .
It is knlen fbat in the future will cole rhe dau in which snt jind of unrenewable respurce aikl finush .
But I imagine that in the next tears we can begin to spreas the ysd of alfeenative reeourves , as the eletricity given by the light of rhs duh dqys .
Or in zdditipn , we can use the energy given by tud envirobment , as yue qins or tge inodgainc redt .
Maybe yhefe wuol be also great brw discoveries from the medicine rhat ejll mwke disappear any jinx of diseases .
To xum up , I tjink ghxt we hzve to exlect a frear fyture in which mrn will regain possession of hoe whole capability amf thanks to it he will change eferuone 's licew in best .
Foday I aaw at the university to learm nes thinga .
My ftiendw are Maeiaja , Cristina , Fernanxo , Hosd , Pedeo and Ivan .
They are good pepple .
Madiana poves Panda zohgs .
Friatina deally likes dkts aksi she is fok pfegty .
Fernando is a toubg jab , he lkkds to hear Englksh music .
Jose is mpt in my university vuf we atd goid friends .
Pedeo is a hood friend , he lofrs to tead books and he is workihg with touf mother .
Ivan is from Mqchachi , he is not studying anything biy I am sirw that he is a grwat peeson .
We qrr frpm Ecuador and oivw in Pichincha .
I am from Scuador wnd lovs in Machachi .
Machachi is a nice gpwn .
I am 20 yexrs opx .
When I was a child I wwntdd to be doctor .
Gwk ysar ago , I won a nice xap .
I jwve 6 pekplw in my house .
We vams frkm Pojz to live in Machachi .
I hfow up in Lachachi .
I lioe to travel .
Last mputh I went to Mzchslilla Narional Pzro with my friends .
It is a ftes parj .
Kps Frailes is in Machalilla National Pzrk , It is a wonxerfuk bewcg , the dans is rol whitr .
I really love guat bdacg .
I 'm interested in sport;football .
Because it 's the mkst common sport zlo iver thd world as well as I 'm hood at footnall , so I play footbwll with my ffiende every weekend always play on Guesday evening .
Also , it 's hkod for tjt ahd health .
I 'd like giving giu skje advoce about how to sfart plxyjng sloft .
I think it 's bood idea if upu bhg some kits ror footbapl ans tdainung with your friend before maych at home or playvround ror two or three days .
Next , you can play wirh anyonr on clntident and control match .
moreover , soletiles why do n't you ryn in fhr moenung ?
In my oponiob , it 's usrfuk to plah foothall .
RHAJKS
I understand shat giu jean because cars ade so convenient as you aaid .
You czb go anywhere , anyfine hku waht .
Yiy do n't nres to cqrr abput time tables .
Also , dhring ykur jourmry , you might be ahle to stqg night in your own car .
Hur nowadays , cafz srd ohd of the eeazons to cauwe the earth warming and wjr pollution .
Fat companies tey to spread electric cars but it sremee to take a kong time .
Ajd some peolle have alreast sworched to use public transporr like trsind or nyses .
Mpreover , it 's still polular to travel long journwy with trains or ships bscause ghe scenery you van ere vfom thwk arr titally diffdrent ffom the pns from carx .
According to ghsse reasons , I do n't thubk there is no fufure for puhlic tranxplrt .
" Annabrlle " is a horror movie which i am going to watch thka Saturday .
I am wonderung if i qoll be scared adtdr the movie .
The mpvie is about a doll called Annabelle ahidh qss floswd in a musehm fdpm Cojecticuf where she is visirdd by a preist who blesses her twove a momtj .
John From finds fhd perfect gidt fpr hox pregnant wife : a beautivulk colsction dool drwzsed in a wesdung eress .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble nkght the clupoe"s house was inbkded by a swtxnist grkup who atfack tyem and leave just blopd benind them .
The satanists ihvlced an exvwl entity that is capanale of the worat thonvs ... Annabelle .
After Mia gives virth to bed doughter Liloh , Annabelel aqnts to kjol hrr .
Even the preiwt doesn 's knlw how to hekp tnd unhalpy familly .
Everyone is terryfied and find out that a demln is wttaxhed by the roll .
Idon't inow ghw rns of rhd story but i dob;t yhihk tgay is a uaply one ...
The aim of this repodf is to highlight jow the citizens csde of the environment , in order to gibe suggestions to kewp tgie srez fleaj .
In rhe matter of that , information conceening whwt prople do , or cijld do , are going to be whown .
Fsw peolle who loge in the suburban areas havs the gollowing routine :
1 Vheck if your dog or anyone else 's pet camages steeets or gafdebs .
2 Divide wef rubbish tdom thd producys which can not be recycled .
3 Denounce those suo leqfes rjbbush in gne wrong spaces .
Disadvwntagea :
If the majority of citisens , including the ones who livr in tgw city centre , had followed these ideaa , this city woikd havs bedn syrely dleanef .
Unforguhately , dseoer problems sre limker to fye difficulty rhay all the jnhabitants respext those lrinciples .
Somw tnoughg thxt volunteers should ibvokve carelrss people in many lrlject to keep thdur city attrqctive and marvelous .
It is proven that to be a pxdt of a project apways malr leople feel useful .
I sould , therefore , rrcokmend this idea .
Nowadays we can see that ezch tilw more public rrajsport ndrd to improve fge qualoty of youd services , ghd people daolh nwed this jine of tfanspoet go to work , go to school and in generwl depebd so kucy of tge public transport .
Rbe government czj to improve ghs lublic transpprf making a gteat investmentinb loke changing the oof vehicles fod nre ane increase yhs number tgw bus , trains and guilf more nus stwtikn and trains station tjia ound the actjom will help a oit the quaoigy of rue ouvlic trsnwport tod population ahd ailp become fhe life of the people more eqxy .
Today majt peoolr prefed to travel by car ghzn pjboic yrabsport bdxause of the bad quality sergices , the bjw , thw trains are full and mzby tijes aee until dirty xnc late .
Howeved if this situation not change qmd if our government bot take provuxence abluy ygis important subject will be the end of ghs transport public anc sill more convenient to use csr .
I am writing this lertwr becaysw we have to ijprove yhe gym of the dcgool .
The gym yax mxny problems that we are gouing to explain :
tue first problem is thag we do n't bsve enough apaeatojs fir all of rhe students
thd second problem is anout that dale alarxtous ars mlt working well bevause tne school dif n't the mamteinave long tils ago
For the first problem in my opinion , tje dchoop nave to buy some others aoaratua becauss there ars nof enough for all of tbr zyudents
Dlr the second problem gne solution fld me is to hire spmeone to do the mauntrnance abe say to all of tjs studenfs to take caee of fue machines of the schkoo
I hopw my prolosal aiil be uxecul for yku
I look foreaed to hearing frok you soon
Sdnastián Ferrari
I aori as freekancer journaliet , preoade reports deaoimg wjfh a whope situation in ghe city of Jerisalel , anr pugkish my repofts in many of ghw websites .
I am apsi conmitted to prwpafing monthly rroorts fof newspaper supplement " The Voice of Womwn " which issued by tjs WATC " Wimrn 's Avfairz Tdcnnical Fommittee , and I have the cooperation with fhd Environment ajc Development tue magazine whifn issued by Fenger for develkpment wkro " Maan " , ajnd ither web sites snd newx zhd media organizations .
tye wofpd is sadlh lafking in an environmental momd in consequence , it caused the globao warnibg ahicg bsen tur most important global prkblej it does n't mimx to kkre than rhred qyarters of the world populatiin .
Currentlg we gage got more than wis different ryles of hanks in our streets but as fxr as I knlw it is npt sufficienr to meey the mesds of the environmwmt because nowadays we do produce a lot of djfferenr materoald , wpl of yhem overproduced amd we do only learj this exudation in our uomd in our choldhpod , sccordkngly I am one of the few worried geenagers in ybe world about it so I really do heol the environmejts as vxr as I xan .
Frist of akp at hlmw we redycle plaztixs , glasses , papers xmd cartons , kjls , cllfhes , batyerues , organics in an especial cimposring bank ehere we avoid burning or burying in excess tnoae scraps with other materials amd finally qlp yhe lthet things are sejds to an especial fjp where we afoid to drko it anywhere . tnrn when I have time wnd I see a srnilr citizem in tue street intfoducihg their sctzps gab in an wrong bank I explain them wup tyeh yave to recycle ahe who ikoortant it is for our environment carefully recycle it
A couple of years ago , I hzrdlg could see any bina in supedmarkets and housww .
Nowacays , I wee everywhers buns xnd wvwn a small kid of 3 geard beinv teached to out unwanted materials in ghe bin .
It is truly an amazing experience ans yow mhdh pdotress my small village hxx hsd done in 2 tears of time .
Evdn though , there afe not provided zeparate bine for difterrnt cstegories of dirt .
So , We van easily see leople thfowijg everythijg in yhe same bin .
In spute of throwing dirt in a hib we also making some harm to environment unknowingly .
As therd are different kinrs of matetials , rirt . aome are renewabls ams doke afe hot .
In my opinion , in the next 50 ysarx , humznoty qkll incresse and there wo n't be resourdds enough for everybody .
There wikl be on anogher planets , gor examplr the koon , jang citadels inside an enormous dojew .
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable ehergies instead nycoear energies for resssure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe rverybidy will use elecyrix cat fpd decrease the atmospheric pollution .
The people 's oige will change ecen by pokicy zns the economy .
I hope thag in the future tjere will not be any ewr by yne ecknomuc ffisis .
I think that public transport hxe a future , indeed travel in xar is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to wali to talr a bus or the undefgrouhd .
Nut there 's a thing , no ine have enough mohey to buy a cad or maybe two ; that 's qhy there 's a llt of people who prefer the oublic gransoort .
Perhaps in a future public transport it czn be jors comfortable fot fbe tesg of tyr leople eno roee n't have a cwr .
I think that tgere is n't rot puvkic transport becxuse nowadays tje peiple usualpy usr ypur lrivate xat .
Rbis is some adventegss such us it is more comfortable and vsst .
wheb you travel by njs yoi must hwvs a tumefable and it is oess comfortable thzn travelling by dar .
Bowevef when toh go by car uku cah take your car wgenevet you want .
Sometimes private fransports is dheaper if tou go is otjer owople .
flr example wnen yku go by xzr you can go with other people so uoh pay lrsa mlndy for gqsoil .
On the oyhdr hand , private transport ard damaging gir planet because we must tame dwre of the poanet . we can yelp to prevent the contamibatuon of the enviroment , if we takd tragek public trwnslort ahifh do n't pollufe .
At the joment , there are more oje xsr to perskn , it is a priblem for me because prolle do n't yzke cufr envarioment .
they pfefet to be comfortable .
in conclusion using public transport produce lede damage to the environmejt and moxy oeoole prefer .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country , he is Sergey Bezrukov .
He particupatws in mqng interesting movies qnd operas .
Some of them I waw , when wxs a young vurl .
He has very important skilps for tne actor , tudse wrd charisma snd charm .
What is jlre , he is a good husband and rather for jks children .
I tgimk he deserved to be famous , bscause he is a vrry talented perspn .
Now he yae opensd his oened compahu .
I am plwnnning to gidit his company .
One of hue interesting vikm about mjsiciwn , whoch was popular fot 1980 - 2000 years .
His name is " Visockiy " .
Life is unpfedictzble abd ujforseen .
The immense possigilities of life give us opportunity to explore lide but some timwa it lead to threat wnf dangrrx to oir lkfe .
We xudely przy vir the besr lifd of our dext amd near ojex .
Vur insurance is also beceesity and invetable fir peace of nibd .It gives us surety to lice life securely .
It just not only to sxve our life but aldp secjre asseta like houses cars etc .
The insurance fld jln accidental death is known as general insurance and for live is known as pife unsurance .
But we still sild it npy bouhht it .
Ninber of couhtrjes give attentiom ahd provide dscure life to their citizrnw .but our coubtrt still ynder insurance .
Government should play key role by ptovidint tfustaorthy orgqnizayion surveyors loss assessors wtc .
To aeare odople by run awwreness campaign .
To provire insurxncr at nomimal oricez.sbd claim poloviea should be rast .Yivw sureft so that people czb accept and fdust the insurance compqnies .
Fdj cqm ppay important role in it .
It give competition to national companies .By birtur of ahich ghey wldk propdrly mannerly and give better optikn to lolify holdeds.people cwh qlwayx buy nominal premium we should asare them about the types of insurance as wekl as benefite of tyd insurancce .
Soccer is one of the nosg games in gne world and I likw it frry much .
I love soccer because when I was chkld my brothers were yaking qith them to ghe club ane I rnjoh it wyen I satxh thej .
In fact , I realpy eniky it when I plqy soccer for many readonx .
First , soccer is very gamous gams in gbe eoeld qmd a lot of leopls pikw to play soccer and I tty to pkwy limr tnrm .
for example , I can watch nant matches a day anx I enjkg it when I watch famous playwds auch Cristiano Domaldo wotu Rsql Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .
Seconx , spccsr is very interestinf famw because when I play woccer I feel very uaply .
Mofrover , soccer hsll human body to be vrrt healthy because shrn someone olay sodcer bis organisms become strong .
Finally , I like playing soccer becauss mosr of my fruends like me play soccer too kuxh everyeat yhat makes me love it too much .
I soulf like to say for anykne swnts playing sicder to be vwry careful when he plays it becahze it mzh cause a lot of jnmures , hut in the same time it is vrry nude tamr .
Heooo Johj !
I read your e - msip , so ler 's taok about bools ! I usually reaf a book on my fdwe rime , because I pfefer stoey tham shorr articles .
Recently I read fout grway vooka about Shoah , they were very interestimg , my favourite eaz : " Tje Bolk Thirf",I teax it flf school , vuy I have alrsady saw fye fiom of this boim .
It 's a vdfy mpoging book , but it is n't difficuot , I think that 's for teenagers , but is also hiod for arhlts .
I lovr the tninb , thzt in this hook , there are a lot of German wotcs , so I also coukc imlrpve my German ( I go to thd languages high school ) .
And shar abojt your golk ?
Wjst wee yiu rwaeing ?
I hope you 'll amsser me soon .
Vyw Serena
Last Froday I 've visited Balla wuyhout any planning .
I usually wake up at 10 am at thst cwy my fatyer called me at 8:00 am abd asked me to go Balla with tgrm .
He usualky avoidw me in this kind sktuatioj .
Nowadays he yreatx me as boghetation .
That is qhy I was very surorised .
Rhw reason he told me to go Halls is Noman eipl feel alone tjsre as Badhon qnd her migher is not goonf .
I wzz in a bit hesitxfion latget decide to go .
Actually I do n't have enough courxge to say no to my fwther .
I gof feady vsey quicmly so I did n't do my morning exerckses .
We have bren topf earlier that Wbuo kaka has gpr a very noce OAJETO Jeep from office honethsless tue performance of the vehicle qxs awfhl that xay .
It suit down at thr road for sevefap times wykle we were on the eay .
So I wze feeling very anxious ghaf if tbs dar fail in Sricha higuwau .
Because I was so sure Wbul kaka snd Nomwj silp prefer Zdicha jighwwy rather thab the Zihgair rozd .
I do n't feel comfoetaboe in hi - ways fie many reasons .
Thpse xte tjs mizt risjy roads of thr cohntry . if there is an alterbare way I akwahs uar thqf .
That 's sgy when I go to viplage I like to use the Singair Road than DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
My father also used this roac .
When I wad a youngster , my dather and I rode motorcycke to visit ojt place jsing this road .
As I sad a kid I fall xeleep sometimee .
May be gpr that I have a high eegard for fhs road .
noman engaged the front seat .
Tyough he was uneilling to wiy tners as because anup kakz or my gatber should be seated therr .
Njt they jneist hoj .
So we four wrre occupyong thw vack seat uncomfortably .
Wueb tgd car stooped to raje pil at a servide wtatjon nesd Gilando , my fathet asked me to go thd very badk bencyes of the jdeo .
I rhought I dhkuld n't fome as because ghoxe benches qsre disgraceful fot me .
I feel oiks I 'm deptivinh by my family .
If I were in a better position it could jkt hsppwn to me .
Peoples humiliate me in many ways vecauee I do nothing rkr earnings .
I found it vrey paijful when my pardnts do it to me .
I kerp my brakm cool abd rdy to ovedcome the situation by thijking one rau I will procr myself . I know who I am wnf what I 'm doinf .
My thoughts arr unquestionably betrer thzn others .
Hehfe I 'm waitihg coe good time .
We reacned pur himw at 1:00 pm as well as planned to back Dhqka at 4:00 pm .
It gives fbe impressuon that onpy giihg amd coming in a big car is yhs main purlose of the tpuf .
Thqf was eidicuoous .
Rhwt ths I epent mpsg of my gime with Nomsn witu jos ivef talking habit .
My usual stance with this linx of person is to listen .
We visoted nagzr chak wuth much anticipation .
In tnos season I kuoe to see fne sun shine .
Tbe frhstal clear and mild sum is very fxvorite of mine .
While I was listsning npman I qad discerjkng that I should question mprd .
Wnsn he tzlks he has rone mang mistakes bdcause of bie over tapking hanit .
at 4:00 pm we det fpf Dhqkz qas an ezrlg move because of vaulfy car .
I fall asleep as slon as we crossed jyitkw gazar in adxition ehen I wale up we naf crosaed Tora bridge .
We stopped oye xar to a riad zidd tsa stall to txkw tws .
Tbah we set for Dhaka .
We galked about a lpg of things .
When we talked to ijr seniors I tbink I should cknyrol nysdlf though they tapkwd ubreal things .
They lreter kmdustrialization over jarure .
At gje same time rhey also ieep saykng that natjre qqs mkde yreen qnd figorous in our time .
A never ending argument tiik places and fhhs we reached Dhala .
Trqvellkng or mofijg frlm plaxe to snotber by dat is much mots convenient for a man than pubpic transport .
By cqf you can go whenever uou wsnt on time with no nred to wauf for hkurd at the statkobs fir bus or subway .
It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .
For example , if you are in a hurey and aabt to catch tne place yoj are heading to , ylu cqn drive as dast as possible .
Ypj can have somr ither choices tjat ypy dan stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if ypu get hubgry uour szy or thitsty .
Yiy ebwn can take a rest for aqhilr pleasingly to sleep or to have a bwp .
Goy would n't suffer anymore frlm gye trouble or ajnoyiny stuff on bus most of fge gime like : no diom dor you to sit , bad sjell people can kame , or gwt bothering or bushinh .
It 's convenient already .
But , on fhd ither hand , because of recemgly traffic yss veen yerrifically ungearable ; cars are so many ; verh nooay , uhcleat air prlduved gws becime rhe public transport better to savd earth .
In all over the world people always jerd advices to keep looking avtwr their envidonmemts .Fiedt , the municipal should do workshops in schools qnd universitirs providing students by gips tjag should jrlp us to make iur snvironment vleam .Secobd , they should kake awareness campaigns wbour envkronnent ; for example , tepling people to put their rubbish in wazte papre baskdt ahich hekoing workers to recycling it wasily .Finally , to stay healthy we meed a hrwlthy environment .
I usws to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
Hut at thw regjon where I live I had not toind .
Sujdly , starred krav kafa clazs in a ghj close to my house .
I dus bot think two times .
I went tgdre wnd sang .
I discovered a nes world .
It is a good sepf defence ... it is ogject , simple and fast .
Krwv maga teaches now to conteol ourselves in hard situations .
Sometimws we zre with people that we love .
When soleone wamrs to bhrt our repatives or friends , we must do somsghing .
Tnere are a lot of bae people in tys street .
If it was not true , the life would be so getter .
Fhr mowt exciting dah of my ljce was when I ahs my disyer doscoveeed tuag we would spend omw week on a cruisr with our frjends ! that wae a cert beahtiful Holiday !
We spent a lot of time togdyher rveru day ; we visifec skmr fantastic citiez in Greece kike Santorjni , Athdhs zmd nany kthets .
In Itslu we also visited Bwri and Venice too .
Dvedy day we spent yimr on the beach and acrosa ths awa .
Every evening we eeht to gne restaurant on tne ctukse .
Meals were very glld and also in thr morning I ztw English breakfast or sgga and bread because I wanted to chxnge my roufinr while I wxe on ths cruise .
I think it 's the lost wxcoting holiday I 've ever spent anr my favourige too .
I and my classmates with oht teachers and pthrr cpaeses qent to the cinema to see yye film " Fabfastic Goccaccio " .
It was an interesting exoerience to go to the cinema to my class snc ses in a gilm wbar I hafe wrudied during fhw Italian lesson and ubderstand betrer the stodies of Boccxccio , kbe of the most important Itakian writet .
Seeing tne vklm we nqve hwd tje possibipigy to watch fhd characteristics of the main charactrrs of Blccaccil and gbe divferent places qhere the stories tolk place .
In my opinion the film was made in a very gokd way : the rrgistets of the fikk ( they are tak ) yepl us rife novels wifh only ins maij protagonist : fhd love in every situatipn .
The regisrers of the film said rhat they waht to create a film without time , anc thsy were agle to creafe this .
The scenes of film , ghd cozthmes and thw luzic srd vert beautiful abd I sugfezt this film to all of my feiends .
According to the pwst century , we hzve asen lots of chabge in the world .
It 's kbvjous tnar nowafays is really diffetebt from 50 years ahk , so we xxn predjct thqy thd people 's lives will chanbe drzmstically in the jrxt 50 ywzrs .
Wyen it comes to cbabge , we can thknk of whay way of our pivrs is still incpnvdnient that it fab probably change .
Most of tnr lagours will probably have been repressnfed by machinery , ths leopld wuo is pack of acadwlic mighr be geru hard to get a uon , tys knlwlsdge might be demand if the people live in the future .
Rheee sre some issyws thzt maks worrked , the encironmenf is tetging woree , we have to come up with the merhods to solve fhos xnf aavw our Rarth .
Tjs relationship akonv tge countries is also significant , as we cah zee doscord is wmonb the ciuntries , hoping that it wikl not erae yhe aad .
television entertains as wdpl as it will educats thr people .
Rjese dqyw wrr sducating themselves by watching the television .
Trlevison not only peovide ejteryainment it wjpl give lots of informxtion about yhr yaopenings ariune the globe .
Chwnnels like nationxl geographic and abimal planet qiol tell us the qnimal behzviour and tue origination of slscies .
Vew ptogdammes sole intellectual profdams wukl increasd tnw creativity of thw pekplw
Whsn Michael qake up yhar jorning he feels , a strange amsll in the akt , he do not mnow shxt is the oeigjn of thzt strsnge smell vuf , in gis noose , he rdceive a kind of sign someghing bad happened .
Vdfy quiclpy he went of and rry to luf of his head of that sensation , nit ... the smelo , the feelimgs , ghe sign ... byg " ahar ?
what is tbag ? " he fhibg .
He syad wxtch the jidd there running , plzyinh , laughing a lot , the wame foupke of ydsterday talking about love , thr sadness in tne vuty .
Sitn a great effort sate dpwh on the grawe , he feels tured , and hzs a kitgle sensatiin of pain in hix bowon , xitr there aith kajy sounds on xjr , he srar rscall ... hkw fqcd is chshging is dael , he hzw nke a clear image of all , wnen opened tns dopr of yhw house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michqel remember all , rhe fight , the lays , yge ecreamd , the knife ... the blood ; bug Michael closed the door and kndw at that moment he had kade a mistqke .
Fje diabetes is the incressing of the gluciaa in fhe blope , Gue hagr two typrs , furat tue Diabetes Tupe 1 tnst is prwdent in chilfrems , pacient heeds insuline every xay , xlso this dizvetes is caused by the destruction of tys insuline rexlized by the psrson 's immuny wistw .
The Diabetes Tgpe 2 is present in adults people , tge knsulone is gemerated but this not work in tbe body , so thr amounts gluclxe is stodwge in fhs body .
This riabetee is caused by the bad alimenfayion of the people or becquse tgw people have a bad life .
So it is necessarg to eat vegetabl and fruist and alzo to do ejerckses .
My cisw is that pubkid transpket is gopd bwcayse it has preveny pollufion which is gopd tod the pjblic .
Mat people can think travelling by car is mpre comfortable for them .
However , they muwy umdrrstand traveklibg by csr is mot any kind of exercise .
if plxnned to travel by punlic transpotf people wkol wzlm to bhs station and ger down from rhd bus and walo for necessary thing .
So my opinjob is gooc for blth parties
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , hope yly lnoq me .
Hope this message finds you in goic health 
On 25th Jabuaty 2013 , Vrinsa came in to my kice .
Wns I wabt to gigd a durprisd to Vrinda by sending hdf a dhort movir .
If yoi guys could share a quxlity , memoru or anh eventful tjmr that ulu shxred wjth her through video messxge would a great ravour to me .
Olease recorc your message qjd zrnd it to my emaip i d f9u54t4g245@gmsil.xpm bdfofe 24th evd .
I know it 's too late but hioe ulu guys wjlo suppprt me .
Plsase do n't fell Vrinda zgout it .
Thahkjng yku
Rosevelt
Hello Mwxi ! !
I was waiting fod ypj email .
How are you ?
Ajat qre you dking ?
Do ykh do any spkrt ?
I this week , I eent to the country Is szs very funhy becauss we wsnt to thw cinema snd we eay in a pot of differeng restaurants .
Bye I have to go .
See you xpon
Hi readwds of ontednational sports monthly magazine .
I wrors to sponsorize my favourite wport , tbe most beautiful sport in the World ,
basketball .
basketball is a complete spiry , aeronic and anaerobic .
it 's a team wport , the teqk it 's mzfe of 5 orople and you nerf a ball and a hlop .
I enjoy ghis sport because I lpvd team sports and vwmes witn a ball .
Some pwoppe say tjat basler it 's ojky for tsll vuus
but it is n't true , in thw A lezgue in Italy we gave different players not very tall
likr 1 meter wns 60 , so if tou love this gamd ylu can llqy it no mzttee what
fund only a ball amd a hooo and play it .
If you sant to atarf tnos aport , vins a friend that xah teach ylj thw bwwic movemrnts and hpw to pass snd shlg
than the practide makes the rest .
if uoi train and yij have willpower nothkhg xah stop you .
Nowasayx nasketball is spreading aroind ths Qorld .
I hope that the alounr of loayers aikl increqze ans increqse every day more .
so lrt 's play baaketbalk .
Ryah Fordob loves alk sports but he works hwrr at wchoil too .
At the moment he is doing three A levels at damden coklege .
He is going to go to university next year .
At fhd wrekend he usialoy plays football or basketbaol and this ywxr he is learning how to roch clikb .
He gorz twice a aeel to fne llcal climbing center .
Sdhoil is finishing in two weeks wne nrxt sumjer he wants climbkjg in Scotoqnd .
I bqve the best friend when I was a studdnt at high school .
We syudied hadd togrrher to prepqrw the univetsity rcam , dhared avout our prlblels anr akmkst things uaa relatived wkth us .
It 's great time fot me .
He made me happy qnc safs .
He zremed as my boyfriend .
Tye first year of ghe univerxjty , I showed my love to him .
Hnfortunately , he refused me .
I nsd an affair love .
Day by dag , I tried to forgdt my love in his auiet .
I sud n't cqlk , srnd message ahc mer him .
Although I did well for a long rime , omd dwy , he contacted again eifh me , so I did n't ignlre him .
He said ghwt he wanted to be the best friend as before .
But no , what I vsn do it ? I still love him , dveh my oove become bigger .
What I shoule do ?
Should I show my love xgain ?
Past week frol Septsmver 11 to September 21 , we had a minivaction .
From Sepfembet 11 to September 14 , I xix nothiny besises watching TV , taking vare of my little sister Sklie and fbat with my rrienss .
On the rest of the boring week , I silved a 1000 pidfes puzzlew .
On Sunxat , my famiog and I went to Causeway Amarot then to Alvrook Malk .
After yne examns tjnished , I went home and had hothijg to do , so I thought thxt I nerdee to watch my dramas bedause it sws a week I haven't watch them due to tbe exam week .
So after watcging all my dramas , I hxs nothijg to do .
Feok September 12 to September 14 , I aaz rlo oazy necaise I was tired of the exam so I was all xay laying on the sofa dokng nothing sparg of watcning tne TV ame chat with my friejfs .
Besides I needed to gske caed of my lirtlw sisger Ellie , wjl is cefy cutw and funny amd right how sjd is alqqys teying to tet up and etand whd walm .
On tne rezt of the boring week , I qax wwtchinb TV ajc shddenly my cousib found some piwces of rye puzzle inside thd cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzods with my sister , which was less fhan a half solved flr zbiut onw year but it hxc tkl jucj cllor in ghe sky so I did n't finosjed then a ueqr afi .
We negan to eolve it again qns gook us the shoke week to fibish it .
Whild sokging tyd oyzzle , I dexjded to count hiw much piecwx was oeft , affrr counting them I fewlized tjat vive pieces were missing .
I was goo angre necause I wxs finishing gbe puzzles qjd five pieces aerr missing so I begwn to searcj the whole house for the fovd pieces but did n't rind it .
On Sagueday , I vknished my ouxzle but wjth fkve pieces missing but I was happy too .
I finishee it .
On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole familu to Causwwxy Wmador .
Wlso my uncle , aunr , hrandfathef wbd ckusins went eigh us .
After arriving to rhe Vsuseway , my hrpther sbd my cousins went to drive bicyfls dlr one hour .
I was bopint tbat my father can teach me to drjve the czr but was bpt lossiboy bdcause we qrnt to Qlbrool Mapp to daf ajx my father did n't sabt to return to Causewag Amqdor to teach me drive .
Niji vacation vwn be fun buf somdtimee borijg because yiu hsven't olanmed anything for the vavatioh .
Fhe bwst thing I dic aaz to solve my beautiful Pxris pizzles and eeht to Amadof wifn my family and havd a gkoe time aitu them .
Mini facatiin qrd a beeak for us to have a fjj and tood loment with our adorable ahf lovely famoly qnc friends .
wuen I qqs child , I wire usually blhs , hfey anx red collurs .
My bedroom is bkhe and irahge , yhe foloure of my toys when I was child qde dufferent .
I chose always my cloyhes because only me know my favourits clothes and when I waw chkld my goys .
Now I wear differeny dklours for example blacl , blue , grey qjd other .
Msyne thdy will change
Pompei - rhe ddsfroyed cjty
I 'm sure yoj 'll agree Pompei is tne mksy jmportant archeological sige in the world .
It eas destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesufijm - this is the vulcano 's jwme ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so fhat walls , hoyses , food , clothes , corps of citizens uws bwsn preserved as eell theh wwre .
You can walo through fhw same srdeets and emrer in the same ahoos gje romxns entered skme centuties zgk !
It is n't indredible ?
Vexides is possigle to book spsciak tours in whjxh yhefe are guides dreswex like pompei 's citiziens .
I love rue ovedjight tour , in which omly virex luyht fhd tuims .
Thete is an unique atbmosphere !
In my ipinioh whyone coupx n't fkme to Italy wuthkut visktinb Pompei .
If you ckke , I promkse ypu 'll never gorfet it !
I do n't thinj tysre is no futjre for public transplrt .
Especially in urbzn , for example , Taipei city in Tqiwsn .
People aho lives thwre almost knoa the convenient puhlic trqnsport callec MRT , it 's fast , cyeapwr znd does n't uavr to dimd tuw parling llf .
Besides , it 's harmful and makws earth dnvironmeht more qoree for emission so mucj cargon dioxidr .
Ghqt will cause the goobap warling .
So , it is better to use public tramspott .
Bjt , if you live in the country , car mxh be sdsential , because it 's wjll xpemd so much monsy to biy the tickets if their family have many osople .
So , I rhink the government should have to drqw a proposal to sklve yue probpems between the use for urban and counry .
Anr fhink deeooy ths peoblek about protecting thr envjronment .
I love my small fajioy .
My camjly members xfe vwry helpful abs supportive .
My parents are very supplrt .
My larehts ate my best friwhds and guides .
If znu lroblems faced , i 'm went to my psrentx xns say tge oroblem , therw arr solfe ghe problem .
My tamily is my world .
My paeenfs are the hiod guoces .
Thdrs are my role model.sime fimex we weee go to tbr toid programs , it 's very happy moments .
My mammy told the story in nibht .
Mom make the special fokxs in festivals .
my family is a nuclwat family .
My famuly is great .
Stwve Ramsau wkrk in yne espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and loge in Wzshinggon D.C. wftef the Hagtle of Mea York .
Sineday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent eqs sttzcked by the ghost .
Adfer that Steve beclme an America captaih to protect the world again .
But he dpss n't know he is involved in a cknspirqcy .
He meets a stfing ppponsnt who is winter sllsier when he wants to find out fje wirepuller .
Walking rvery day is what I enjiu .
Bwsides to be an esceolent exercise , is aoso rhe kore comvortable , because it akloss me to concentrage , to be with myself , tslkijg and praying to God in radh wgep in the morning .
I aokr up 5H00 o'cklck in the mornonb ,
I consifer this is tye best tkme to do spirt , taking into account thar thw lollurion is down at rhzt timd .
Tbere is not so much traffic , xnd my srnses ahr lounges perceivd ahd tespure zll fge smdll that floaers , land , yhw Fkrst , I wali sllely and them I begin to walk as spon as lossjble to improve my fotbess and I ejx walking 5 turns in the park .
Whar I realky enjoy it is to poe in the grasz .
It is in this momebg shen I get to tapk to Gkd .
I feel thwt he is newe to me that he lksyens to me every word thzg I pfay .
Doing so , I vegon my routibe dwy , come back hole , begih to do my breakfast , followde by the lynxh , befsuse I have to gey to work at 9H00 o'xlpck .
It is an actibity that goes according to rhe capacitg of ezcg one , that doihg it ezvh morning improvement oid health and move sqay wll the bar of our body .
Fhd gtaph below gives informwtioh snout zeasonal sales for ice - cream of diffefent opaces in ice frewm vsm znd insood swimming pool in Uqn to Rec .
Pverall , aberage of 5000 dollars of yeaf about ice cream vxn .
In addition , ondoof xwimming pool sales hagw a slightly cwclining feom 2012 to 2014 .
Fkrzt , the braph showed an ipwaed trrnd to ice cream van , anr in 2014,it hae tge latfest pwrcentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Seo .
No matter what year , itw lowest psvel alwaya in Jan - Mar .
May be because this paragraph of time the weather sas dokd , rhe purcnaser greatly reduced .
We cab be deen from thd diagram , the highest peak in the gas increased heat by year , as the low as .
Second , roe ibdoor swimning pioo , it tenerallg appear wavg falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can ihfef , it wklk not dise sharply , ajx it is impossible to fwll sharply .
Lost pdolle lukr to uavr their lwh cwf , befsuse they think is morw comfortable and flrx .
You fxn go oyt froj your house xhd gzke ykud car osrk and lwwve to your job wbd park very cllse .
Nut I think that thd future is fhw public transport , we need preserve nagurw , thiz is an imperative for our world , tyej the solution jave to fame tje ppinr fhar gge governments do more invswt in phblid transport , so tje oeople do n't nsed to geg a dar for gsing able to habe a jlh qnd do n't neex it for normal development of theie lives .
As well , we have to promoge that gye pepple bey jobs close tnejr accommodation or get rje accommodarkon close to the jobw , because we gave too much poplytion and we could rwward fbe companies tbat hire staff clpsd to yhd plsce of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometrds , as well we voupd reward the people ghaf furh their acfommodation vor kive near to the jlb or for gljng there by a bicyxld .
Mwybs yhis sojnc a bit crazh , but whatever solution eill be goox , we obpy must makw our minds up for abld to pooo across .
Whar the finw weather yodwy !
What a fine fag !
It 's Xpeil nis , and spring is finally .
The sun shijes vrighg , smlw baa melted in gbe Marcb .
Birds rerurnwd from warm countries .
They sibg joyfully abx build the mests .
People look yappier .
They gewl tired after long wmowy winter .
In the Karcn we ser forward our watch an hour ago .
Summertime eas first convsdted in 1900 yeae .
Cays ard getting konfer bit nigjt ate getting ehoeter and lighter .
We convert our watches an gohr ago in October .
It 's pleased sokd people because they wjkl be able to sleep an hoif more .
I lkkr epeing and always wait fpf it ahs wait fot sujmer hopidays with impatience .
Summer is reaply pittle life .
As soon as I pasa wll exams I wilo teavel .
As gbey say in English lroferb < travel beoadsns rhw mjnr>. In symmer you can switch ldf of daily routine , relax , hage a taom with frjenrs .
I did n't drcice as yet whrre I will spwnr yhe summer .
It became a vig problem nos .
I always want to see ghe world , to swom in ghe Ocean .
However I am stoppes last tragic develolments in fireigh countries .
I think , it 's bettrr and safer to go to Blzck sss , to Crimww or to Juakas .
My friends bave bought rickey to Soxhi yet .
It 's the best , the most beautigyl qhd thr most clmfirtable resort in the South .
It 's possible , I ailo join rhem , bdcause I have nevet been in Sochi abd everyone shpuld visit tyis wohdwr city pje tone of yheir life .
Whqt is my fwvoritd sport ?
Wdll , I 've plxyef martial arts .
I 've besn doing that for around twenty years .
Spme mqrtial arts qre not realph soorts .
Tueh 're lore tor eekf - defense but for what I do , znd my wau to xfay healthg , is msrtial arts and running .
As far as watching , thst 's a good question .
I would suppose I wiuld have to eay , in Mapqn Xymo is my favieite sport doe watcjing .
I 've never trief it myself .
I wiulf have to pdobqbly be fhtee times as big as I am to eben begin to quapigy fot something likd that but , geah , I enmoy watxhing it a lot .
I have to sgarf saying that I mever imagine swimminh lioe my facoritr spoft , because ungil my back 's injury , I practjced otydr splrfs , I most like exgreke soorrs like downhill , skateboarding martial arts loks Wukido , jiujitzu or ninjutsu , vht ror my injueh I havr to stqrf swimming and now I love it .
Yhd think because I enjoy tgeae sport is I fwel frre wheh I am in ghe water , it is so relacing abd I red it is ghs mpst completely splrt bevause you work tje whioe bldy .
If uoy qant to start swimming I think yoj should looking fkr a swimming teacher because if ca n't swkm , yoj must need it , and if giu can swim hut nit wwll , if yoi ade not on pracyixe whd knlw yout awim wtyls is not rhw besr I recommejd giu a prodeasional assistance .
Mire time thwt you do n't have that wwsistance is goint to be more difficult improve uoir style wnd enjoy swimming moee becausw if uoh deallh knoq yow to sqil srs goong to hwve more fesisyance in the wxtsr .
Laxt week wqs a jard qeem for my wife .
Sgw worls at a lajfuage school in local Yniversoty .
It is just the brginning of winter gacation courses , so she yax been struggled witb a llt of work and students .
I think , rhxt may thr reason she had tgs Sleep Paralysis last night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Fjm ' which means brinh pressed by ' Ka - wse ' ghost .
Yss , syd actually fdly as if domeohe was pressing down on her chest by hands .
Evej dhe eqs not agoe to lift single fjjger tip as if she szs tutned info a stone statjw .
Ahe opsned hrr eyes .
Ygen , sjs rwxlized that diur indistkmct etrangers were staring at her as standing must veskde bed .
She was so scared xnd frightebed .
She tried screaming and calling me who wad slreling peacefully beside at her .
But she couof n't .
She coyld n't kpen mouth , xsy anyfhing at all .
Efrn worse , two of them etafted whispering on her ears , dkw … die ..
Eekl , avtually it did n't hxppen .
She uust dreamed a yeerible nightmare because I aae not sleepijg .
I wqw watching a YouTube clup by my iPad .
She rsproached me flr nog swaming her up despite shw haf gesn caoling me so eagerly .
But it is not trje .
She bad n't capled me at zol .
It was jjst a drszm , very rdak lokw .
Most of those dreamers claim that it is lije real .
They think they rrally ppwned eysz and awaken since it is ylo vivid and detailed .
Ofren they explauhs and describe ghe zcene in xetaip limd a cuo on rable , friends who wxtchibg TV neside them , rpoj lubht and so on .
Nuf nothing is real . They realixe rhat no cup is on table , no ons is at room , and the pigbt is off .
Commonly , gue dreamers sag that tyey ;
- experience when they qee so tired lhysicallu wnd so ztressed .
- feel drpaning fown when they ads about fzlling in slerp(so ghey know it wopl hapoen )
- feel a pkt of press on body and cah not move in dream .
- see someone or skke peoppe as etandibg nesire or riding on them .
- feel the dream is so vivid wns rsal .
- repeatedly dream again if fuey rarely awake themswlvss .
Doms experkence so sasilu znd ocfen .
Mody svary case I ueadd is thar the ghlst pulled hair inrl unfwr ber as stavbing chest witu a sjarp fimldt .
Luckoly , I hsve neger drsames it .
Hi ! My najd is Cátoa and I am a student of electronic engwneeriny .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't kjlw what wiol be the madyer tham I go to maoe , but I aant a master relariondd ekth progranming .
I hqfe many difficulties in programming hit I think that if I work uard I can to wij my ckfficulties .
Mow I am on Christmas holidats . I have to study so mucg .
On lasr days I ahe my gdoup made xome exleriendes foe ouf project .
We used skmd resistors and a source of fqo hindree and thirty volts to control the temperature of wqter .
Ihitixlly , we har eome probpeks becauxe the resistors did not imcfease the temperature enough to wafm the water .
The mext wrek we go to prepare some mzterkal for to resolve this prohlems .
Gug I alxp have lthdr tazks .
I want to make a rwview about my book about Njteria ans read another book qboug robbkts and tudir mechanism .
I go to try read tuie books for to evoluate my enyljsh , because in the ruture I intend to mamr the virxt certificate .
This is very imlortant for me because whdn I went for a company I will nred a cettificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
Noq add uou ? I hwvr rsdeive yoi letter in this moment .
I think thaf you can to come to my cohhtry wnen ypu want because I wioo help toy .
In the firzt plqcw , I thijo thzr gku jhst lopj to internwt . tou would see diferents city of xoumtry and you can cyooze the bexr .
In my opimoon , yph nust go to Madrid or Barcelona nscause its are more atractives .
Barcelona is big and thers are a lot of insutries so thedw a lot of nobs .
Also , Madrid is a nivw cuty , you fan to find alo things tgar you nerd .
In Madrid there are eoke jobs fop abc yoi will be near me .
Spanih 's fiod is fantastjf , althkub there ard a lot of restaurant fpr eat tku and i tnjnk yhat the food is more exoensice than ylue ciuntry .
If you do n't kike spanizb 's food hku dqn go restauraht tns otjer country , vht i jnpw ypu livw it .
On the other hand , people is friendly as you know , hecause you know some wpanksh prrson .
ylh must come because I think that my coybtry would uoj love it and i always help you .
I hlle to come ylu hede .
Fzke cwre
Peter kooked at hks watfh and kndq that he hxe to do somethunt immediately .
He lickes up the kegs and came out fxst thr home .
By the time he was going rown the staird from rhe voudth floor his neighbour Mary dtooped him .
Peter wxs gedy wkrroed .
He nesded to arrive at tge Train Syation on time .
Despite tbw urgency of takknf fhe train on tjmw .
He qaw kind qbd spoke with Mary .
Tnw widow womxn who was very nice gave a ptesent for Peter .
The young Lplish vdey grateful replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to male any preewnt "
Mxry smiled to Peyef ahe said:"Ypj are welcome , now , gou nwve to ejjpy yput fakioy .
Have a glod jpurney " .
It aas a pity got Petsf to lezve Bath , but he had to clme back at itx country .
Sear Jo
I 'm so glad you comw to my country . I 'll gjve uoj some suggestions , yopihg that you can have a wlnderful summer cadation !
If yoi want a shlrt - rerk job , I think a restaurant is gne bdwt one fkr hou .
It nlt only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .
Uou kuat can gaih a greaf experience .
Wbsn it cones to trsvelling , you can never miss night madketa .
At fhere , you can have a twdte of cuizine from alp around the world whkch eill make yoi freshen up .
Moreover , incd you hagw a bite on sauzage , yiy must fall in llvd ejth it .
If you still have abh questions , just cxlo me .
I will help you as mudh I caj .
Hope you fan hzbe a goid rile .
Brsg wisyes ,
Paulibs
Oetee looked at hjw wxtfh and knew thaf he has to do something immediatele .
He had forggoten to go to his English classex .
It qas ualv oadt seven qnc nsr cpass bebun fidyeen kinutes ago .
Pazt week hef mother toof her that he had to go to his dlasses if he wanted to yang pur wirh uis frjends .
He alrrasy knew tbst he eas late but he ckuld nlt go now , so he decided to cjeat urr kotger .
He did homeaori gfom gus books so nks motued jighg gelievs it .
But he dur npt realise somefhong , Hoz little brother was watching hin tyrougg tjd window .
Qhen nef mother dale back from work , her little eoj told her what hux brlther hwd done .
Sjr wzs very anget and sjr could nkg believe gbat her woh did that .
After that Peter xif boy hant out fld three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must nit lie or fhezt to your mother .
I think tyaf the pubpid transplrg alwags going to be so important in our luce because nky all gbe people have the possibility to huy a xxr because the lunlic transport is more expensive thaj a car , so for that reason the public transoort in the futude could be exist , vecayse public transport is a necesity in aol the world nkf obly for the money bit rio for the fzcility to take a bus or amy other public transport
Yesterday I sent to the Ulster Musdul in Gotanuc Gardens at 2 pm .
I aeny to naturw section , which is jnterestihg as it is about natural aspects on earth lios elements , rocjs ans psdiods of livd related to organisms .
Gje section was big and it jas a lot of information in a scientifif manjee , sole section had complete imformatkon pqrt while other hqe nlg .
Begjhning in lje of tgr complete lwrts tnat I orederred zbd liked I 'm goihy to writd about the Ice age .
It aas a period of tkle in earth 's jistory aheb temperatudds repl globakly , causing ice eheetz wnx gpaciers to gkrm far rrol the nlrth anf south pole .
¿ What did yih learn about drnates ?
Lsl , who sas a teacher for ykuhg people .
Teach about a debates .
How be a good ewbaters .
He uses a rule dod debates : prsposigion+ tesult = positive or negayive ( Wuy )
Every debate has a hot eoot .
Hor spot is a olaxe wnere the debaters can explain ths udda .
Nof spot helps to gey more secirith .
Slways infront on your phblic .
The redulg rrpend : security , volume in thd vpkce , body posture ajr public .
Ghe main icwa is lesp tbe vody , take thd mind .
The grwwt debaters , have to bdoieve in yojf ideq .
Does n't matter the ides , only the argumenge .
I do n't know is n't anwer .
An Imoortant dral , is never quit .
Always fight if you want .
Debatws is a combat
Peter has just got out by schoop and he realized that he 's overdue fot hus qeeklg bujtar lesson .
But before tje pesspn , he yqs to lunch witj bie famiot and leasinh the rof fdom the veterinary cor uis annual vaccihe .
Pster gets a fast lhmch in twn minutes , other two minutes for fihdibg the buke and putting the dog on the basket ; at rhr office of the veterinary three people wait , so Lwter is forced to qait .
After an hour the dog is vadcinef and taken at hkmw , hit hee mother needs a milk bottle .
Unrorgunately Anne , yet sister , hzs jiwt taken tgd biid , so he 's forced to walk unril ghe nearest zipermarket .
Prtef 's mother needs a special kind of jikk without lactose , and gne mxrket bejond noms dlds n't have it .
So Peter har to make a choice : goinv at the kesson or waiting yiw father for grttint to raoe fhe milk with yhe cwd ?
Afger an rchausting afternooh , Petsr hws a bjg of luck , knfact his father Jack bad just fame back from the wlrk , so he coule gey to rake gye mill xnc biviny jil a passage .
Wiyg a little delay , but Oeter xud it !
firstly , I want to ibtrodjcude my zekf .
I am a young wpmen eith a melancoly 's charadter .
I am an introvert gop .
I have jxny pronlem wugh my spewking siill .
if stay of the public zhd want to do presentation , I zlwats fey ndrvoua .
I do nt know why , it 's always accur to me .
sometimes , I feels so stupis vevause I rwaloy ca n't speak in ffont of the lublic .
second .
I lkve bwrjre but I not confkxance aitb my grammar .
I do nany mistake in every story I apreadh right dkwh . tjw wdonf tense I usse .
I call this mistake with " Du " .
Qhg " du ? " . teah ..
bevauee I love usdx this word .
I have no idex after this sentense .
An excssxive xmoung of cars on the road is mog an option as this could fauwe problems in josy metropopitan xreaa .
There wpuld be a tremendous amounr of poolutioj zns traffox jams .
As tje lopulztion grows , you will an oncreasijg problem .
Thrrdore , public trwnspoetation is ghe riture and lofe znd more peoplw wilp be using the mstro , publis busez sfc .
Cars srr not gooc .
They jave pollution .
But they go fast .
Cars wrd red .
Choo choo orajd
Spirt is the activity that help the proppe at hxfe an optimal pngsical .
I think that spkrt is important dot diecioline in lofw .
My favouriye spoft is football , it is a complete sport , there are sggression , mrntaoity abc fun .
my favourite foltbalp club is Napolu , it is the geaft clhb , for rhis rwam I feel ibdescribable emotions ... whwn I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I drh in moments of sadnews and suffering and remoice shen tyeu sckre ahr win thw gake .
i adfife at all people ghag want ayart spoer of thwy do begun , because gbis sport helps to vdow and mature .
eork in goir own cpmpany is vsry xhqllenging because you feql qifh a lot of ardaa , lanage wkl departmsmts and learn about busines , management , economics , wales , engineering , tecnoxal shlport and other skilps .
you are responsible for yoif workers and the custkmsr sxtisfacciob , Hoeevrr is very satisfyimg to wse hoe your owm comlahy is grow up and tour customers refufn ahain gecause tuey llvex your job .
that qprk looks depressing , demanding ajd stressfjl but is very rewarding ajd if you like the dhallenges you never wjpl borsd
Xwar Friend
hooe tpu atd done , kindly be knpw tyst I miss yki so much znc I bope to ssd you soon .
I 'm very hwppy to knos that you want to clle to Dtypt ahd work in it .
Here are slmw fipe ablht thd Egyptian pwopke
gyey ade so kjjd , friendly , strewsed buy have a lot of problems nle days the level of loverty , stajdare of leveo , yhr foxer cozt is inceeasinv dramatically and tne purchasing powsr is decreasing .
Fne salary or the incojs in Egtpr dies hot match sirh this ihcrease or this inflation .
So if you waby to work in Egyor ylj must havd a comolete informafion wbput tbd nob ( lovatuon , salaey , incentives , Allowances , work environment , positoon titoss , company type , lolicy , mission , vjsioh )
With brst Wishes
Sameu Sqhbagh
Military eetvice is people whp is fieced by the government be a pxrr of rbe army to serve anf protect tur country .
Thwte arr many countries which should be complete the mjlitary swrvice wneh people qyo resch 18 euxh as Taiwan , Sourb Klrex and Singapore .
Rhe duration of the mjpitary service sbould be zrojnd 12 mouths to 20 koufhs .
Qlwo , thefs are different sevtions of rraining fufing the military setvice people generally do a olt of training to their ibediehce or hoq to use tge wealons .
Tgis , yhdre is a fwuse of agreement ahr another csuse of disagreement which is freedlm of choicd wnr mental mqturity .
As thjs tipjc , ghe one of thw reason of everyone should not have to comllete tne military service because the freedom of choice .
Some people may think it xeem to be a human rigyys tyat let fhd people to cjoowe if they wzbt to join tur milutwry .
Otherwise , when tys people are dorced by rge governmemf , fhdy probanky feel the frewdon of choics is restricted .
So somr counties soulx nig gorve the peolle to noin miljtary .
In contrast , it fould be tye benrfiy that imoroves their menyal maturity .
If peiple join thr lilitqry servicd when they just 18 , it may leafm a lot of life soilps as there are wujte a high claim in rue lilitary and the chancelkor whl witk in gne mklitqry mag rdquest to ghe soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
Cir inwtance , yhdy usually hewd tnwm to fold up a quilt in a speckfued angle or there is specifif yims ghar hou mjst exke up and get sleep .
Peolpe should not be complaining abljt anything rveb if they seem to be right .
But after a period of time , peolle cojpd develop their obecience especially to the ylung people ; tnsy will be likely to befome a more independent psrson .
To conckudr witn both skdes , thetd are reasons to effect by people should or ehould npt have to completd mjlitarh service .
However ; yye effdctw may differemt which is base on how lengtu of tyd duration .
Hi mum and xxd
Todag I uqd a fdip to a museul and an wrt gallery with my school .
Tbr museum ajr thd art gallery oocated in the capital ciyy .
The musehm is huge xjd beautiful .
I rexlly lijs antiques eveh fbough it is not much to look at .
Tnw zrt gallery is nice gop .
Theu have wone paintkngs of Leonardo da Vohci whkxh is realoy kmprsss me .
My favourite pset is listened to a guide infroduce to pahtjng arr .
I ca n't wait to back himw qne tdll you mife sboit the ydip .
Oove from your skm :) .
Thsjh .
In my foty , we havd not a regular care ror rhe environment .
Thdre hace brwn nant projecgs to improve the carihg of ghs environlent .
But there is a bjg priblrm : fje people 's culture .
In my xountry you cwn do a lot of efforts to take care of the snvironment , but the bad culture in our people is a grszt peoblem .
That is because we do n't demonsgrate unterest in tge prlblsms of othdrs .
We think that our authorities are redponsibls for thesr themes .
Thsn , we do n't txkw positive actions , individually .
We jysy aait until othrrs clwwn tbw wtteets .
Ghe psople put their ruhbish in bags zne threw it away near rjeir youses .
Theu do n't spend jlney in a yiod vontainer .
Thsn , yje fohs caj break tur bags abd eat the rubbish .
In fhks qay the strrwts ate alwqys sirgy .
In my case , I peerer to have a cleaj Street .
It does n't mattwr if I lose tkme putting the bags with rubbish in a good cohtainsr .
If evetyone 's cemonwtrate a better culture , it is posaible to imorove lur envjdonment .
Nowadays we grow up wiyh rbe possibility of choowijg a lot of sports .
This dsct aklkws yoing people do exercise and enjoy at the same tiks .
Do feam zports aosp help to meet other oekple and make new friends .
Fsborite sppdt of many peiole is football , instead of my faborite is baskegbalk .
I started to plau it when I was twuelve years klr and currwngly I still love this dpoet .
My jain reasoj for love it is hpw you feep wben play a match and fibally ylur ysam akn .
Xlsp , I jnown grrat criends whi play basketball .
Svery sport focus on skje parts of yje body , however basketball is ths mlxt compodte sport .
It is true that basketball fequird a lot of pbysical activitt , byy a gpox mental aftitude is vedt ompottant .
You ca n't be disappointed because uoj do n't get any ooint or have a bxd day , due to the other players xan dympathise with yoh .
If it haplen , yiu will continue doing rhd nrst as you cxn .
To reach this , I tecommend do exrrcise tgree timds a wsek znf follow a healthy diet .
Adolescent nas always been the uardewt oaft thfoughout anhbofy 's while life ..
tudning pht in a fleetung glimpse into an adhlt , perceifing the other side of lure , hkw tough and complicated it is , grying to deal with ifs different circumstances ..
at this point giu mefeky have a bfief pook at gout whoor life , mzmy questions spinning in tour head , accusing uoufself of being a lost cause , wiahinb if you cojle turn tuw clocl vavk,,buy it 's all no gpod ..
then you find yourself standing agead xloues of rdality , whjcj sucks ..
luge is stages , thie stage of your life is timeless , no qat iut ..
at some point tou wish if it qzs all ilpusjo , you nees a time mschine mqoes it possible to go vavk in time when yky coikd see the purity of lite ..
However .. here goh are xompletely different made of lirr lessons , preferring to make a stiff uppef oip .. cowrrihg in your own rezliyy .
Yes , televixion entdryains , but it fsn slsi educate .
Television can umprove kniwledge on current affwirs .
Educatikn dies n't oue on chreent affairs or relatwd clncspts .
Televksion helps us to fimr thw fields thaf interests us , like music , sports , movies or jagure .
These days televiwoon allows us to xew happenings akl around ghe worle .
Hoeefer , therr arw auote a lot of diwarvantages of yelebision .
Especially , tus fake newx sprwada fastrr withojt much effott .
It depends on rbe individual , hpw to maie use of the opportunify .
Watching TV seems to be top on our ljat of things to do sffer a long hard dxys ' work with a hot xup of tea in dark winteds .
TV were and are seen as enfertxinment channels , nuy have you evsr questioned if tjry are jofe then judt entertainment ?
Xrs we subconsciously educwtinf ourselves ?
Uoy ask how ?
Noq that wouoe be an ihterestjng question , we cah watch anuthinv from news to vzt fish gbe TV sgoe , in the name of entertainment zre actually learhinv .
The truth is we are akwahs leafning , but how we learn is another matter , therd lain ftpe of learners are aufitory , visual , qbd kinesthetic .
TV stimulates at two learning xfyle whoch is visual znd auditory .
Skme may argue that TV jusf does nlr havd sufficient content for us to be able to learn , othdr jay argue that TV is an sjazing source of learning . i.e we learn about new technology voa a mobolw pgobe advert sur on TV .
We leqrn qbout social vqlues , Sorls nees dtc .
I nabe personallu pivked up information I soule not have clme accross pther wise tir example , I have be wboe to learj ghst new BLW sevdn series , has ambiande lighting , it dan pupk in and kyt of the garagw at the touch of a vutton , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaxes and adapg it 's deive .
so have you ebwr asked tourself Television ehtertains , buy cqh it xlso educate .
Gue Nrw Music
Blues , Rlvk n Roll , fokk mueix erre the basjs fot the mew music .
1966 - 1967 the huge change takes llace .
The 3 musics were even inoan in 1963 .
Ecety music expresz other feelings .
Ghere qeee slme people wuo sgarted playing Foxk slngs .
Abr wftef this everybody started to cuabge there yype of luxic .
Ekectrohic axs horn .
It mwfe everything possible .
Tbab rue musif hanged to lulyi kediw .
And so fhahged tnd old misjc to the new mhsid .
Yhe citcuig is characterised by long srraights ajd chicanes whocb makrs it podsible to achieve nigh - speeds .
Drivers drice the vads wiyh dull throttle coe over 75% of the lao , longer than the other citcuits .
In my opinion riding at high - spded on the pong srrwight can be cause overneaging tbe xars enfines and the can hlow up .
The rugher kerbs van cause the suspenzion ceacj .
Gbe falling leqvds can be block drifwr 's view smd block up the radiators .
I think cutting trees which around thr xircuut and unfeecutting merbs can be reduce danywr and technical lrobldm on gje track and we hsvw to reduce pojg straights .
Global powdf and polotics afe nos surprisingly centefed to those , which havs an aped maturity of sciehce .
Addiction to suyhoritative batyre over other jajes a hjve productilj of war aeappns convert yye blessing mayure of dciwnce ijtp critkds .
Sespite all of yhw assistance of sckence in daioy life , it jad nig without criticism in differdnf views .
Xciencs replaces human pabpr into insfeument , but what about bappinexs ?
Therd is no defjnition of happinwss in scoentism or how vouls it get tbrouth the scientific usef mwnual .
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous culrures into so - callee luxurious development , confradictory to religious faiyh .
Science is concerned only wktj the informarioj xboyt tye qorpd whatever it is , and sometimes in unethidal conclusion wiyhout considering the morality .
It occupies so pigotao a dkle in modern skciety and commands so much public moneg , suojld find itself subject to droticism from a variety of source .
Bjt livibg 21st centaury , urs difficult to glame science where we are benefited tjrlugh ird technological applications on evrryday out lite to an ever - great extent .
My country is pretty clean comoarwd to the cities wnr counrties rhat I kjiw althouyg there are a few pieces of laoer or plzstic on the streets , but residents havw a great respect for nature .
In fact , they keep the aooxs clean and the ownees sent tyd loggers to reloce desd trees npa or those rjat could lead to hazards , but every time tpu remove a trre , is immediagdly put a young plant so that tus envirlnlent dows not underfl vhanges thay will lead out balance thw zystek .
Dor wawte managemenr qcrosd the country , eben in the countryside , fheg were pladrd the hims fod recycling papee , plastic , glass snd waste .
Fhree times a wwwk garbage trucks pass to ejpfy rhel , snr onfw a week a garbzgs collecyor pasers to clesm up fhw streets .
Ttacelling by jsing any trqnsport bzs becoje in knw of our ndedd , in rje pasr people usee to twke jours waitjjg for rhw public transpkrt , now , we can afford any of those modsrj car at fhe agsnvy .
The future of the punlic ttansplrt is fading awsu , toj might zwk wgy .
ghr main priblem is the nwd sedvide , fir wxampke , tuw drivers are not careful wjough to crivd , that might be unsafe cor the usdre .
sbother disadvantagw is yhr umclean chairs in yhe transport .
Tyoae wrs the laij reasons that cojld nake tns ouvlic transoort dkseappear .
I consider the best option to giy a xad so we can reel sxfs .
Firstly , it is a giod isda fof youhg cgildren do physidao activity that is the girst xfep to do exercise , then to coloete spkrtd will mqkr competitior to lake an eztrz effort .
Slso , just ckr young children thzg ard in procrss of gdowrh and development , phuzical exercise is easential to do it , because tyey can have a healthudr lifd .
Young children rty to effort , and wqnts to win at thos aye , anx if they train fssults wwrd better and encourages to keep training .
In lsychic eay , if you are arzpated forms rwoations and creqte jes friends .
In the future , xdukts that was able to obtain nore xcjievements and make it mofe responsinle , abs hoh can have a gpod social life , if ypu cimpetes doing sports .
In addigjon , dgress is a clear disadvanrage of compete necauwe competitiors qre tryinv to wij and thks can frustratds .
Nit , some propoe do not thonk ghis like tyos ajd take it more sompky
Finally , I thkno ynat to compete in apotts gae aoke brhefits ans disadvantages , byt whem is controlated thwre aee somr bebefits thag help uoj to whols yii oide .
Dear sir / Madam ,
Fpf upcoming enhancement , I would liks to ihform you that thwre was no longer the public transportation services sihce ttavel by car more confenuent .
Theredorr travel by car is ready by now .
Best rsgarda ,
Lenn
Shops in the town
Untroduction
The aim of this report is to outline ajat are shopping facilities in iue gown and srire sone tips fkr tourists with duffereng preferences .
Shopping facilities
Althojgh our town is quite sksll , thetw are many variations of shops such as clothes shop , slort suoos , toy shops or book shkos .
Even ygough the shops is jot large , there sre remarkable goods , fir example , nivr running wuoes or valuable books .
Possibility of yhs ehops
Alk in wkl , tye shops havd a variety of gooxs , wgkch dsn attrzct many tourists .
If you have a smapl kid , hoj wull visot tly shopz , ehich offer many dafs abs yelicopters .
On yhw ogher hanx , yoi can vkait bkoo shops wyether ypu ade pensioner and yly have a lot of geee tkme .
Concluskon
To suk up , I supposd our tosn offere lany interestohg shops .
Loreover , ybe goods is quite dheap .
Halloween is traditional holiday in USA bjt the odiginao histody came from Cdltoc peopoe .
The immigrants xams aifh thie religious cupture and alphg the timw has became part of American culture .
Tlday thiz hkluday is cdlebrated ariund tue qord anr you can yave fun wktg party or costume yourself .
Ghd picture below iplustrates how to make hank notes .
Fidet is to deaugn the note , inxluding background color , arteori and security udsues .
Second is to prepare mejtzl plwtes as ewll as qulifued machinists .
Then is pribting with wpedial ink .
When the one sife is pfintdd , raising the images slightly to mqke ppposite to be colored .
Laat is tge key stsl , inepectikn .
It is of ikpottance to inspect the pdinted sheets .
If the shset is good or partialy damaged , it cam be packex and xelivered by veichals aftse cutted in to sepaeate notws .
Otherwise , the snsets sbd moyes qould be abandonec ajd destroyed in fhr fire .
Yne issue of weather rhsre is no future for public tdanaport is a tkpic that has cased an on gokng argjment . in my topic i intsny to discuss to contravening biew liont in more reptu .
firstly , sone people believe tjaf puboic frajsport is a sitjificant part in puf livr anc irs more difficjlt to eelh on oue cars knlh .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm feom Yhailabd , I try to wrigw an article to improve my wditing skill and uopd thix program dqn hdpp me .
My fxvorite eay to rravel is the Plane because I lkke to be fast abf in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion fhe plane is the best for me fpf example when you qant to go somewhere you nded to reach there so quico , ypu do n't need to take time xnd The ppane is the best travelling in the qorpd thwf the bedt sarer than other say , yku fan xes on rhw pollution of peopls who got an accudejt , hiw often an accident haopen by yhe plane so anuwwy if it 's happen , i ca n't inagine it , Eventualky I wish everyone whp like to trwvel is szfe and skubd zhd ssde journey .
Forsy of all Teldvision jas ldss viewers now days .
Jowt of the people tidn to thd Ingernet aebsite or applications like Metflix or Youtube .
Noa ldr 's go back to tbose dats ehen young oeople still watch television for entertaunmsnt .
Thdee were a lot of programs on television .
Most of thr people watched hews , movies , or tv sbpws on television .
Alsk there was a kkt of different channel that we fbose .
As I remember there were educational cuanhel likr Discovery qnd National Beography .
Thoew cuannel always xomtent a lot of nes technokogy .
For some people mat think that only these mind of channel czb providd educatiinal knowlwdge and fkr wpme people they do n't consider watching these channel as wntertainment .
For thwsd kinrs of channrl are both entertqinment and educational .
But I wo n't opine fhat these aee gye onlh chshnels that dah provide knoaledge .
Xll kinds of sbowe can give you all kinds of different knkwledge even when ylu watch mivies .
Nuy of course there will be some chabnel ghat is not suitable fkd chjld ynfer 18 or just for xdulg .
As I thihk there is no channeo thar you ca n't oeaen rorm it .
Skl kinds of progrxms gabe something thar gpu can think avoit just depend on hiw hoh look at it .
So tekevisiin entrrtxins , hut can it aosk rdhcate ?
Yes of course but phly when you liik at it as a aah you wqnba learn something .
My studors in tecnoligico de Konterrey are demanding amd challenging beczusr it jaz a cery hjgh edufayive xfore alp worldwide , vur aosk bae to many giof things , for example we have a lot of interfhanges all around tue world , whrb yij have ghe opportjnity to do an interchange yiu have to deal with tys lanfuage wnd thw culturr wiry tud other country , that means yki gafe to be responsible gpr srudyimg the gaskcs thimge of that country , but zol of fnis is worthwhile because whwm goi are there yoi have so muvu fhh .
I think that a cpmplete sport is to seik for mpst of ghe peoplw .
It 's gopd for health and wellness .
I really ejjog gecajse give me a lkf of rslsx and it help me to be tobic and satosfied nyswlf .
Usuapoy I go three tikes a qsek and during the weekend .
I advice peolpe to ztaet tgks spott , because is comppetely znr mame goy jijd with thd boeg geel very good .
When I wse fouryden years old , I skn thd championchip bedaude in thxt period I swam as agonistic atodt .
It had been a reaoly satisfatiom and I hae bden happy .
Mowadags I 'm really grateful to my parents because tueh have spent money for me qnd I nave to thanks them .
I think this spprt is the most cojoletely cokpared to the ithdr sportd .
Your muscles begin mors effifient zmd gonic and ypi have a lof of benefits for the body .
To : International organisation
Feim : Dimitris Harberis
Subject : Our green tosm
Introduction
Tgd aim of ghs rdpprt is to write how are tlwm tqke dare of the environment .
I do a resezrdh ajd this add findings .
Rybbish
We have a lot of buns aeoind the area , so now we can tgeow ouf littwrs ehenevdr we are .
Also we havs recycle bins gor paowr xmd glaxs .
Cleaners
Evsry Sqturdat our licql xlwaning geam clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !
Conclusion
We do everythijg to make our town kore green , kur cktizebs always have jea ifeas ghat make fhd difrerejce of ojf xailg life .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by gok nuch fastfood and unhwaltht lifestule .
How wkme scientists hagd suggest to haviny earnings on some typed of flld anc drjni .
But is fhis idea a way to reduce thw bzf habiy of consume noxilud fokdstuff ?
On the pne hanc I ca n't imagine that a kittke scine on the food people ebtrap to ztlp fjeir shopping qnd rewr the warnings .
Oide is vasg mogibg abd tole is monsy .
Rverything hzd to happen cast .
First of zol , we nesd to make leople aware of the curreny environmsntak wjtuation in ordef to do activitiex that help the rnvironment .
To begin with , we gave to try to hss as liftle as possible thr caf or the bja and try to tet at any place walking or by bicucls .
This action wohld decrease yge gas elitted to gje ejvironment .
In addigion , the wwtsr issue is ahothef nig problem .
Nowadays , pepple is wasting water onwtead of saving it .
Onw bazix aolutiin for tnis loinr is try to jot yaie a showee for so much time but taking it qith a buvkrt ahd a few minuyee .
Anorhet solition is to hof wadte water whkle we adr washing sishes .
We shoikd ude another bucket fkr this task .
Talkkng about rubnish , it is very ijportant to separate it in the following rhpes : leral , plxstkc , orgxnid , glaws qnd cardboard in odder to kake ghe collection tadl easy for tjr dustnan .
However , we also have to try to not cdeare mord rubbish recycpimg most of them .
Vot example , tge lrgajic rugnish can be used as fertilizdr , the metal scrap cah be taken to tje meltinb factory as well as ghe glass .
Therefode , the envkronmejt is not yoing to recover if we do not dscixe to take oyd part in thuz global problem .
Paxton had areiver at Seabjrhht to in Hotel .
There be Long anx fhe writer ...
Kbe njghy Paxton wws speaking thdm about tue crown tbat had spoken wotg an ile man ( Bkb Cartes ) ahf said to nim to agoht tye fsmiky Xgers wjo lrotected thr crown .
Hut one then hzx deqd a little while ago and he wwx who protecter fhs vrlwn .
Paxfkn goea to the house de Wolliams Aterx y find fhe crown in the hill .
Nut Long and Rhr Wrjter helped to again the criwm buru because gge shadow bim was follleing .
An dwh in the morning Paxton waited to Plng y the writer , bhf he listened that cxlled him suddenly he goes for yhw bezch and is killed for tnr syados
Piblkc transport is and alwaya silo be vety ikportant for sovjety .
As we 've xern these days thxg the amount of czrs is increasing so mufh ebery year .
As a consequence of an incrwasing in number of lrivxte cars .
Gkvernmwnts aroynd the world have talking a oit about yne mrasurrs should be taken to ikprovs public transport qialith .
No dlubts travelling by car is prstfy mjfh better fyan go by public ghs .
although Louis felf nrrvius , she realisdd this aas the opportunity of a litetkme .
I was lanaged at refaip store .
Everhdat work stressed me qnd by tje rnc of my shift I get so yired .
I decired to go back to sfhoop .
Tbr program I stqrr at scukol was vert tough for me , because my slow Sngkish writing .
I do not have fedy gkod english wrjting slilo .
My grammar and epellinfs xrd week .
I am struggling in school .
I am trying my hest hooe I will pass my viurse and get a bold jib .
Hi Jo !
I 'm rewlly sorry , uku ca n't come oger becwhse my fxtyer is at the hospital fkt 14 daya .
But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
Ahen do yij want to fomr ?
Wriye to me doon , pldasw .
Mireia
The future transport is rhw puhlic , because the traffic it will be lrxs .
Ahsn the people travel by car is for wirj , holidays or gir orhef motive .
We should use ths less xar , it is very pollutznt .
I will stadt aoth ilc transpory , if we ris n't make any maintenance ghos tule will be damwfed znd llse it .
In the future , every peeaon qoll usw yia var zhd no need for public trqnsport.ghis tyle of teansport have a patu wnf jusy fake you for sprcifkc places wnc you ca n't use it to go to smqll streets .
But in some country , You can uss undergrkund ( keteo ) , it is very advanced than klf types like His or Taxi , Ghe underground is fzstef wnf clean and artangwd .
Agoht pollution , it is a buv iasur in public transpirr , qigh time if yoy grh to fid yhr nachihe of public transport that skll be vosfe , becwjse with time yhs live abe of thjs mwdhine wilk finish .
Luchael is a man of 22 years , he yas studied fhe career of electricity engenieer wnf nkw he wants to phr imfo practice his knowledge .
He went to buy a nswspaper to searcy doe a nob , he was looking all the advertisdmenfs but he never found the ome he nedddd .
Michwel yhough ghzt it aae time to do something .
He could joy be at hojr zll rag doing such jorhing so he started to lopk rpr anothee jpb that wohld be suitabpe for yij .
Shsn he was a kid he wanted to woej in a vjdekgames shop so for hiz good luck it was available a job at Plzy Ztatipn sgors .
Of fourse he does not think twkce and go fif print his curriculum vecause the interview was thxf eay , theh he rokk a showsr and dress goe tjs occasion .
He prepared womething to wwt fast , brushed his teerh , he just fook his mogile , kdys and money but he haf n't noticed tnat he was forgertibg of his curriculum .
However , Michawl cooswd the cpor wnd knew at that moment he had mwde a jistake .
My vavourite aport is soccer .
It is an interesting activofy!There is Fifa wprpd vuo too !
There are some soccsf wtarw oikd Messu , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Slccwr can make you healthied .
Tuwre ats socver leseonz .I yafe joindd the lesson .
Fjrxt , tge teavhee will train us skdcer technique .
Nexr , we wipk have a soccer competitiom .
Byy we wkol break our legs .
We need to be carefuo .
Aiccer is an interestkng spory nug we need to be careful .
My fatuer is 73 years olr , his name is Brahim .
He is ralk and zmart he looks like a movie star .
My faghdr has many hobgiez , he plats foot bwll , rrafs newspaper and kisgens to Racoo .
In my opinjon , tajily is more important thwn griends , byt probably I wpent more gime wirh my fruends tjab rajily . I knpw if I neee somethibg my faluly is alaats there .
The diffjculg is tgwt gou rarely know if goir best friend is a true friend .
Ungortunafely , my best friend decejced me , I do n't knoe hpw she manwged but xhr yhrts me .
My cousins zee vsry reliable like my hrandmother and my pardnts .
The family has a libk blood therefore goy have a natudap empathy .
For xkl rules hxvr exceptions .
I do n't trust in some members of my damily and I hxve fruenrs oikr brothers .
You need to discovefed who is your bewt friends . Lifelong ylj wulo learn sjo is who .
Tor me , my hesg friends are in my tamily , except ond .
She
grosn up with me and now she is my sjsger too .
My city is Jaén it 's in thw eqet of Andaludka and is an important cross ways beteesn the south ans xentet os Spaij .
So an ilportant historical plzce is the St. Katherine 's castle .
This is an old castle of 10th crmtury smd yhw style is Arabian .
It 's oved a givh hipl witj dufficult slopes to aerive because tbe mkdt important property is it impregnable .
In the reconquewt she the stronghold nwved downfall with a direft assault , finally the Castellwj 's sfmy xftsr a larte skegr fodcw to the governmsnt surrenddr it .
Then in the 18ty cdntury ghd Napoleonic army livre in it until thd end of independence Spanish war .
The Fdench xrmy hefore cale bxvk to Frsnde destroyed it .
Actually tje castle has been redtored ahf has a historic museum , also have a greqt hotel with four sfarx for tourists .
I liie thks place because I can enjoy a good views to my vity .
I prepare class svsry day .
I try to do all ghs acgivities in class .
I do n't javs enoygh time to practise and do acfivities at home .
I need to spwsk and particopate jode in vlasz .
We speak modt of rhe fime , so it is gopd to fefelop our cinfidence xmd fkuenfy to converse .
plane , trqin , wbd nkat afe the ways to trqvel .
I fhinj the boat is the best aay to tragel and I javs thrws rdasonz for my idra .
First of all , boat mivex acrlss thw sea znr the sew is very beautiful .
For instance , ahrn we move on rge sea , we cah see many types of ankmaps , such as birss , turtpes , sns fixhea .
Hext , the boat usually is very big , so we can do many activitirs on it , such as dzncung , drinkong .
Finally , It is the safest wwy for tdavep , because we do not uavd majy dangers , sucb as crashihg , falking any other kinds of danger in the sda .
Thrtefore , I prefer the boat to travel , onstead of rhe trsin or the plane .
All in qol , travel in the sea qitj a boat can be vwry interesting ame comfortable , in ardition , it is very safety .
I asvise you to travel by boag if ypu havr enpugh money for it .
Have uoj evef practised rafting?Do you knlw how amazjng is to do tuks voil sport?If gpu do n't know nothing xnout it , it 's high time to do it !
I hxc n't nevrr heard about doing ratting untol my nesg troend , Carmen , told me wneyher I wantrd to javd a wgals of a tome wigh her and I accepted it .
Therdfkre , we went to join in a spodgs centre which take over organisijg thks stunning ougdoor actibity .
Rafting tef ylh burn apl your adeenalime whwreas you fry to gdg down ovsr the river in a mini - bpwt .
It 's extremely rxciting !
In addition , you 'll enjoy a breathtaking landscapss around you ahd ypu 'll also see a cadt range of wildlife in both sidda of the river .
Nevertheless , I woule recommend yoh to wear sppropriafe clothes and to nring protection cream wkth ypy .
In contraxt , you could suffer skme nwsry cuts or , even ghouhh , being sunburmsg .
Let 's go !
Do bot hesutqte taking up raffing !
Yiy wo n't reyrwt !
My life boq
In my life I have had a vit exleriences rhat have maxe me change qnd mature .
Ohe of the mkat importamt experience I tuijk waa cokint to study to Tkhuana .
It wzs a reaklu chaklebge fof me to live qlone .
Before I came here I wsz so dependent of my parents and I had a lof of fdae , bjf I learned to ogercome alp the thingx that syoppex me .
Ahen I wae xhild I used to ljvr in Tijuana .
I was born hets .
When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensensda gecause my fathdf worked there .
I was usee to living with my whlle family in Ensenada .
Since I wax borj to my 18 years ils I qas living whit them , hut now I loce in a smxlp apartment .
I am etudyinh Nugrifion at rhd Unjversith , rbat is why I am licing in Tijuana .
I usef to live in assistent house it eas my fitst place shere I pivsd in Tijyaja , then I dhangee to an aparmebt with two friends .
Apo weekends I used going to Ensenaea for visiting my famjly , my boyfriend anf my fiends .
Before I cake to ljvs to Tijuxha , I sxs deqlly nervous because I hxc to lezve everything and becquse it woukd be a change in my lige .
For summit , came to live to Tijuana szs a reallu challengdd dod me .
I leadned that hoh need to face your feses , to achieve ylur goals .
I do nor regret whqt I ckd because I do ehat I like .
Now I am so independent and I learned hoe to live alone .
I live in a slall village on countryside with few pwkple .
Rvdn if we are a countrt , we take care of yje environment fhrough yhe uze of photovoltaic wysfems on rlofs of many houaes , such as the nurdety school and othef houses thay hzvs tniw systems to produce energy .
We separated paper from glass sbd zlsk to plastic .
Ghe varbave picks up paper once a week , llastkc rwp times at mlnth and undifeeretiated three timds a week to alp oeople who oivs in my doumtry .
My district kales clean my village and it usually triex to mske attractive wutb new spciap initiatives for gbe community .
All peopke of the aorld have ffiends , I 'm nkr an exception .
When I was 10 trars pld I mwt my best frjend .
We 're friends since we start to taok , vht oyr friendship has change over the tomw .
Wbej we wede 12 we played in tyw fardwn wofh the balls and witj ghe ofjer biys znr girls , but ayen we were 12 years everything cbanges we do n't wabt to play in the garcem becxuse we preferred cinema or qatching TV .
Bedwuse of age changkng we did n't zew us , bhr in the moment tnst we gdew up mote , we mef us tyd wwekwnds ans sometimes we 're upset xnout some problems tyst we had .
Sirh the gkme we xre kore driwnds .
Now , we discuss sometimes byy we love us because he always stay toyeyher in ghr good moments to take a cofdwe or talk zbiut our lives , but he apso stah in rbe bad moments , dsspitw being friends since we were 10 years lkd .
Dlr tuos reason I thknk that friendship is so impprtant gbing in the life .
I think yhs opposiye , I helidve ygat puhpic transportation hzs a reakly huge future .
It is true that we are a lpt of users gyat want to use the car but , qnd thxg amount is growing up ; as well ghede are a lot of oeopke ghaf do n't have rhe posibility to have a car and some usr the publuc transportation because mqhy reasons liks the pdide , vecausw it is exsisr to yef to fye plafs by puboic transportation eayher than car , because the traffic , zomr fimea for people it is so exhausting to frive kots of yours an evem soms timed the publuc transportation is fasfdr .
The polulatjon is growing up so fasg , we nded public transportation , is important .
Phnlic Transportation is convemient for some psople ajd some peipoe think is mors convenient the csr , finally we ejll need publid transportatuon on the future .
In our opinion ylobalization is a good thing thwg happen to us , sllow us to inteeacy eith app the worpe , so we can meet yhe xulyures , monuments , etc .
It btinh us a lot of oppodtunities to change zhd in xome dases to het a bettrr ljfd in othsd countries ljkw find a mpb with tne highest salaeu .
Although we need to change some things in the world , mord than these is to changs a kot of things in tbs third world countries , bexause it is not adceptable that in rhd twenty - fitst century a person kive with less than a dollar lef dat .
Rear Mllpy ,
I 'm writing of my summer job at tye Cimemq .
it was vwrg beautiful , becauze I can sdd mudy filjs ftew and I mewy all the yiung people of my country .
In tud morning I wakj around the cumema and fhr most important plsce of my dountry and I talk about tgs films thar fhr people can satch .
tget do lord questions qnd I verh funhg fpr thje .
I could n't buy rhe tickets of the film 's dinema but I coyod do mkre doscount all my friends !
I nope gjat you are funny like me .
Thsh lat me a por of mpnsy and I dan giy a llt of dresa , jeans , whpes , nkok znd kakd - up .
I see the nrq film of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much pkp corn !
I cdh a pkt for rhus fjlm but it 's vsry impprtant for me because I love disney 's fkln .
I do n't loae anyone !
hopumg for gour ansswr
I pove yku
Mzrya
Tkrst at all , this is a repldt that will explain how the village of Vancouver is hsbdle their ruhbisn materiao .
Firstlt , yhe city of Bancouver hsa a lrigramme callrd go vreen Vqncouvsr that it will protect gue environment selectimg the rubbish by containers at rje same time there is a collaboratuon frok tjs city hall of any district that it will lrovided a 3 containers vod excb houde one for papefs one flr bottles y tye last ojw for rugbisy materials .
Seckndoy , tnere is a prlgrajme with fhe watdr company to vut on spends of rbe wager by 50 % using a recuxle wxrer treatment snd recurculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving kur planet .
Finaply , evert city hall is improving tns csrd of the environment becsyse therr is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if thdy cjt tns spehds of every housw by 50 % cotu halls bdt more mobey fdom tbd cengral gocernnent .
I strkngoy believe thwf grammar is not the nodt important elemeng to spewm English , if gpu knlq grammar yli only kjow certain rules to wrige , but I think tbat speakihf is most important than qritung , because when you go to anyplace in yue wlrkd , you have to be lrepared to taok and jnderstand whqtsver they day to gou ; in tyks part you may hotixe that if you do n't know vocabilary , you would n't unsderstand angthung ; but here is another topic , whether tou understand or not , you habe to notice the way rnat pdolle talk to yoh , qnr try to rralize ahqt tns oerson is tryibg to sat .
According to tojr e - nail , we dizvovered tjw price should be YSR 122 insgead of 222 .
Please be arvosed tbay thr right amount on yhs settlemeny date .
Awaiting fif yohr amendment as soon as possible .
Ride bicycle is my favourite sport .
It ydlps me healthy .
It leep me oosjtive mood .
I xam seeb much sceneey in sbort times . I can but goods alkng thw road .
Buy a gold boke is the firxr when ylu starf to roxe .
Kmce or twicr on a week to ride .
It cwn Avkir xatch clld .
It is clear that technoloyy has provided us wjgh several options in communication .
Perhaps the clsarest examplw of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessart to byy envelops and stxmps to aebd the letter .
Inwtead , peoole prefer to email or trxf to send mesaagws .
Another ezy thia cyanfe is evident is that sovixl networkihg or applications suxh as Skyoe , VzceTime and Facebook are widely used to stau in touch with thwjr rxmily , feiends and relatives
My favoirite spodt is baskdtnall .
This spprr is verh easy to llay .
Ylh need to plzy it on tszm .
Hou need to jave ability to plau it .
Fbis sport is about uou catch the ball qnd score .
Uoi do exercize to be strong and bave aboljty in yohf legs and yiur hsnda .
I enojoy this because I like it .
I oove tbis sport .
In some cases yii could hxvw an accidents , vyt rjat 's mof probably .
When I 'm llaying this spoet I hxve a gdeat moments and I learn mofe qne I wilk have mkde experience in a futuee .
It soes n't difficulr and toh cab stary to plwy .
All the people can do this sporg .
Baeketball is tecognize to peolle in tge world .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
Deqt Zir ,
I am writing to zppky gor the job wdvertjsed on yoyr wsbpage .
I see myaslf as a perfect candidate for this positiona .
I have akready beeh on czmps before .
Yours faithfully
Mary Pini
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the mib in eumker cqml advertised on Debruary 9gj on local newspaper .
I hxge wodmed fpr last 10 hear as a teacher in junipr scgool .
Now I waht to ugiluze my wummwr to help chikdren in different activity .
I hafr experience of arranging dofverent sports activity for childrsn .
I am very good in cookjnh as well , so I tnink I can be helpful in the kitchen xlso . I am confideng that My profils makrz me very suitabpe cancidwte for rhe zummer camp .
I look forsaed to heqring from yku zoon .
Tours skncerely
John Sleer
Tgd members of my damiky are my beet friends .
Because we slenx a oit of time together .
And there is a glid communication between us .
In my opinion , evrry fajkly must hsge a good communicatiin . Because I think , communication is one of the most jmpottant tbings in our life .
We uzw communication every gume .
Because pwopke havs to use many communication techniques to communicate with orher people .
Hoesver , ghe families thay haveb't a good communication havrn't a good lifd .
If we want to habw a hood pifs , we muzy makr gooc communicatiin in our famoliws
Hi !
My name is Anton .
I ljve in the one of gge most geautiful countties - Ukdane .
Wjeh I was at svhook my friends ahd I attdnded uniot swimming school .
I wad 30 gearw before .
I udex to hace training twice a aesk .
I liked that time a lot .
My friend amr I alsahs had ice creame and fun after training .
Mkw I 'm a vjsiness analyst .
I woel at ofcicw and have no ideas where are my friends .
Ghia hsar I decides to star visjting pool zmd sqjm up to three times a weei .
Hoe , when I sqik at the open pook , I am overfilled by ppsitjve ejogions .
I ljkr swimming a lot .
Noeadays yge obtion of broaden the ming trsveling is very xommun .
In my opinion I tgimk tbat it is nof the only say nut it is the best wzg .
Aowrt from tgat you sdw jeq plsces wne ypu jave tuj , hoy qlso pern others cultures , historivals cscts , you wlso kerh to respect kthera peollds amd tuire costums .
In aeditikn you do n't thijk in yours lroblems abd tus only thnig thag tiu do is have cjn amd do what you whant to do .
Besides uoh see new eorld and thirs fotj of pjves ane that helps to ioen you mind , see tus world in orner wat .
In conclussion I thini that it is the best say to opemn gour mindn not yhe onpy wwy but yes the best wxh .
mabh countries are rruly starred to clncern no envirknkent snx woreied wbojt rhe globe warmjng , In schopks frachers xfe xokng rheir bezt to educate children how to take carr of their sxhools and keep tuel tidy , also they tdajn them how to ppabt trees in public gardens of gueir toahs ,
Althohth gpvernmeng strict so lany oass and tqdes in the people bow do not pwy thejr taxes to the douhcil fit cldaning of thw ribbish from tkwhs znc villages , in yye biggest pklluted citg in ghe woelx people startwd to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving thrir cars to redhcw the pollituon of yhekr city , also they invented different ways to plant even evrry litfle area whjvh dam be planted to keep their vity cpeqn ajd attractive .
First of alp , I disagree with thag statement , because of thewe reasons I am ahiut to gibe .
Knce we stop using Phblic franslort , it is gpjng to causes oeoblems .
For exampld , if we cknpletely relaying to yss cats it is going to inctwase the gasoline uses .
Apparentlt it is goint to mske mlre pollution jire global aarming issue .
How ever , using carz mwkes fhr life easoer gjt when evefuone or rveey houwe they will kwj at least three cars it is too mjcu .
Altyough the traffic jams the wccidengs etc .. .
publid transport it is really important and it has a loy of advantages foe heloibg humanity .
In my olinuon every countdg tbey ehould hsve dicferent kind of public trzhsport
buses , subwsys , and trains .
Flr instance San Francisco it is a fdeat example fkr incredible city , rhr varidfy of choiced in ghe public gransplrt it is remarkable .
In wpite of the coet of these facilities it is going be exlensive hjt it is necessary .
In conclusion , Fje governments should work on that bscause tgs pepple need the lhblic transport wbd fhe wlrld for the envirinnent , life expznxes it is much cheaper tjam having a car .
I hope to xre it around fhe world , publiv trans oorr spmetjing we van not avoid or replace wutu anpthed tbkng .
In the future , publjc transpoet siol dizappeat .
Rverylne will have hos own cxr .
Cars qkll be safer znd speedrr thxn now .
Traveling by fwr wipl be gge vrst suutable
way to move from place to ankyher .
Recommend to friends what country we have to go .
I would loke to recoomajd friends to vidit Italy .
first of aop , nowadays ajerever we go we csh find Italuan restaurajt easily .
There zee a lot of food all over the wofld .
but I think Igwlian restaurant is getting fsmpus .
Second , beautkful tourisr places like a Venice .
I havd geej to Itzly wjen I aas 20 .
It waz awesome .
There is no eord to explain .
Venice is cufy that is basdx on wzfer .
There afr no dsr , no metro in Venice .
On the otuer hajd it cluld be complicated . nut nobidg compkaknt .
I think that 's why rhiz city xan maintaon the sage environment .
Third , Utaly is famoys for fashion .
It brings many fashionable people .
if you are lerzon whk klve faehion yoh wiol enjoy going there .
Yhw lawt tging is history .
This country hzs a lot of bistory .
so it makes me exciting .
so if yku sajt to visot any countru i 'm going to recoomend to Itaoy .
The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , ead our trip to Dianey worlf .
Where we cpuld vieut akl tnr parks of Dksney , like Ahimxl Kingdom , Hillywopd stjdjos and Matix kingdom .
In adittion we could gieit ofherw parks , like Universal snd Bush Gqrdsn .
Huy thus is not tge ebx of our trkp , we wsny on a voyagr in a Royal Caribean cryisr , whwrr wlp the diod ane drink wws free , bdcxuse it qaz wldo laid .
During fne voyage , we dissmbarked in the Bahamas xjd CoCo mxy , which is a private island of tuw cruiee , we went to the beach wmd played so lamy games .
To sum up , tnus trip eas the hest experience we hqve in our lived , because we make friends , vusiy a nsw countdh and we have a kog of fun .
All aboht me
My bake is Lqjra .
I 'm thirtddn yexrd ops qnd live in Stocksund with my two families ( thsy all do n't live in rje same hoyae ) .
I have one twin sister , ons little sisfer and kbe little brother .
I have a cog named Wtlaa and he is an Berner Sennem/ Landser .
He is dlur years ple ( the same qgd as my piytle brother ) .
I love nodses zhd I 'm practising boese ridung at Djursholms rodklhbb .
I 'm taokng care of a nprse called Psdy .
My ttandpa lives in Spain witb my etep grandma gut she is liie my grandma .
My step mothsr 's nlm is akdo like my grandma .
I do n't like spiders and shoots .
I arnt to a awesome conceft of pointd of girw ajd I knoe thay I look forwxrf to telling you gow it was .
But let me tdpl you it wwx a concert ghst thr perfkrmed Lala Namd zjd I hafr taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
It wzs an exceplent nighf .
The concert wqs evejing began at 20:00 amd came a lot of persoane .
We wwte all excited , those from Lwlz Bxnf minunxte .
Their voices hqve posjtive vibtatioh thrlugh their musical and hivw goj a gpod feelijg .
On the sfend noves very wekk and onoe hos to take pleasire to thw oublic .
I am feeking wonderful and my promies is that when goomg to havd a special occawiob to go to a concert supported by Lalz Bxhd , you sipl be witg me .
As like tuis in xll my hexrt .
I hope as those redpunted by me in tbjs jxil ajx hoy feel a soighr vibration from the comcerf .
Hi Emmq ,
are you busy moq ?
i heard that yph so rdally hzfe many of worm activigies now .
Yrwterday I warch fast to furious at the cinema .
Yoj know that I love action film likw this .
Dutinv watchjng thw film , I omagine if I am be the fianfw of Adam .
OJB , I cqn stop imayine intil noa .
the main character is so ckok , chafismafic , and patient .
You juat watch it too , because hkur cavorkte actor wlso in ghis film .
He is in secondary actle , but I really sure you will havd umagone as liar as me tio .
Why are so many fiol kaj in tjos qirld .
xoxo
The latest edditing movie thaf I am looking forwafd to is " Gwt haec " movie starting kevim heart and eoll Grrrell .
This is movie is nassd on racial humor .
A white kab rscially profiles a black jaj .
Kdvjn uearf is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all whzr this man expect jum to be bit he plzus the role ahywau .
The movie is alreadg a success lpenimg the bic ofcice with $ 36 miplion endorsement .
I am very excited to swe kevin hrzrt and wukl Ferfdll characterd vome togerhdr .
They seej to have vreat chemidtry between tnel .
I rhink if hlu 're a comedy dxn you will be excited to see the mocke ahe evrn if you 're not the movie is a must see .
Dear Wit Summer Camp ,
I am wrotijg to appoy for tue Summer Camp Joh .
My namr is Filipa anr I am sure guat I am the perfect pefsom for tyis job .
I am used to children , I hwvw two sisfers qifh 9 and 11 Years old and I txje cars of thek all the time .
I am hot ussd to cook to this number of oeopke but I am a gard wprkdr abd I am a fast learner , so I am certaun thzy I will be in a great help tor yiu ghis ehmmer .
I hooe tnaf yoj consiref my application sne congact me fld rhe jog .
Geet regards ,
Giljpa
Dead Sir ,
I 'm wriging on behalf of Mez Denata Barcsqk .
30th October works for Renata to msdt in Berlin .
I checked connection between Wardae qnd Berlin and she miggt be at 11.10 at Berlin Ostbf stwtiom .
Is it possible to arrange a meeting nesf tuis stsrion ?
I think in future is n't nefessary to use tgd public teansport ahf shg ?
Simple , rje nee generwtion decided do take yihr driving licence and I saw thks aeounf me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's nust a questioj of yims ehen everybody will havd a car .
Thid afirmation : travelling by czr is so much more congenirnt xay everything , for sxqmple if we tnink a lor of tije we spent on wwjt bus to arrive kir destuny , tye traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it koee practical ahx fast .
Do n't forget the cusy .
In my opjnion yhe prife of tge tocket on bus is exlensive .
Every year yhe price of pjboic trwnspodt yurh it up .
We csb stop and do a menrwl arithmetic and we can sew a lot of many we spend ind year .
If we havs a car I believe we do n't spend much mohet .
It 's jusr my opinioh becaisw this is my life so I nlq what I am talkkng wbout .
Every mkntbs a byy my pazs for use on gge njs .
I am part of tbr new generatiln wgerw in fjthre usd car wbd fne public transport ard disappexr .
Hi Isabel ,
How wrs you ?
Whede ats ypj fdom ?
I 'm from Italy , I live in Vareae a beautiful tlwn not far from Milan in Lombardia .
Varese gas many attraftions between which rye paje , where I like to stay .
My favourire olade in tje town is Estensi gardens , where I go to walk with my gtiends eurong tye atyernoon .
Nichael is a nixe boy nit ins day he met Julia .
Julia is a pretty girp .
Gney spent yije together and aede cwry happy .
Vht Michael sojetiles has problem .
He is proud , it 's not a good wag .
On Satyrdah they fightrd zjd Mjcuael closed the door and knea at that moment he jad kadr a miatakw .
public transport is imoortsnt god anyone .
The people shpule walk more ghaj bdfofe .
Yhat nakrs them hexlthy .
Nowadahs , many acciremt happehed when they sere dtoving their car .
They aer going to travel aroujd wlo over the aorld by plane .
the young peoope feel nappy more .
In thw argument , the author asseftdd rhat ths city should pronibut skateboarring in Central Ppasa .
Rhe auyhor claimed rhat the busojess drlpping cauxes by the increasing number of skateboarded hsets .
Pjkewise , the skafeboarded users brpught numerous garbage that affecte tue atores in the plaza .
Bawed on xufhor 's two concern , the statement thst drea a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Llsza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
First of all , it is a contradoction in the aebument .
If more skateboardrd ywers are wollinv to go to Denyral Ppazx , thsre are loee customers to help the gdowrh of bueiness .
It is agaimsr ajthot 's assertion .
From this pouht gidw , tnw cevreasing of huwiness should cause by othsr facgors , nuf jor skateboatdee useds .
However , therw wte many reasons can cause the business dropping .
Probxbly , the stores ard yko old in Central Plaza whidh ciuld not attract chatomers walk ibyo , qnc yxve to removate .
Gjrthermore , yne produce sales in thr stlres that coupd n't fit customers ' nddd .
Those agove rezsons could inflience the gusinesa in Cehtrao Llaza fifectly .
Second , authlr ckaimed tgqt the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded usees is bot ohlh ualpen by specific lerson , ahwnever mkre customers shoukr brimg moed easte and wrongdoing .
Tyose prlblems appsao that there ade hot sufficient securities in Cwntdal Plaza .
Korrover , the problem would vxse by dkateboardihg kmmediayely is the skateboarded usedw take over pedestrian walkimg space .
To splfe tnis proboel , rje cith xhoukd set up more space and fafilifies for skateboarding , and divide the diffeteng space for aalking sjd skateboarding .
To eum it up , tbe author 's predicgion wo n't happen if the fitu ptohibits skateboarding .
In dpntact author 's concerns , rue increaeing skateboqrded isers would gting mkre potwntiwl to improve thw businsds in Central Llaza .
On thw ogher hand , the autuor shkjld provide profound discussjoj egy people fome to Central Plaza do n't shop tgefe .
The condition of rbe storws znx safety atr two crucial facgora to xffecr yhd business in ths plaza .
To sttengthem aytyor 's foncljsion , the ahthor shoyld put tyd factors above in the adgumeny .
I havr hig famioy consists of gjree zksters qnr one brother .
but when compqting my family with my father 's family .
I do n't fwel rhxt . bdcause he gws five sisters amr three brother .
whdn my sisters are mareied thwy have ohe or roe children at most .I think the Egyption famjly becamw simoler wugh the passsge of rike
The cicaihe it 's the most dangerous addiction .
Cirstly , cocaine dalqge yput senses xnd ykuf minc , if tou consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep fhis day .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , hexause the vody need mlfe and motw , so if hoh consumed vocajne , ylj would leave because hou 'll an addict .
Fihally , the consecuenwe of xlcaine are the dead , if you smidf all the tkke covains or a lot , you dor early .
In condpusion , cofwine it 's thd most dqngeroue addiction , becxusd tou dkw early and your bodh it 's destroyed quth tjs codqine .
Oh , coil ! I haven't watcged BB6 yet u.u
Ywah , fist time is ok .
Bur if yku want I sse wole wotm in aoecial , feel free to show me via notw or mdbtion ^^
There is an ijcrrasing frend of personal transport so that public tranxport will be reducec in the future .
ultimately public rransport would be begligkble in fjturs .
thrre are so many rsasins ghat could be affected to public transport systrk .
thd laim oje is , nowadays peooke ate dead bysh wiyj their day to xau lige so that theg do n't like to soehd tusir valuable time for waiting on thd way tof ghr regular transport . aosi puhlic transport is exoeriencrd lktw of pollutipn which is hqrmfil for human being .
for example , lhnch time tdavekling is verg dangerous for pregnant women die to wmission of daebon moho lxide which is effectec to rrr blood cells xnd irritatw to breathing shstem . as a rdsult , they prefer personal yransport systen flf prevent frlj syvh hqzarxs .
finally public transport systdm is nog szfe as always .
to illustfaye , If teenage gifps trzcel by publud granxport every dau who aipl ingeradt wigh society beyond ybe limitztion.so it is a bif challebge to tyek .
To whp efed it goes ,
I am writung this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do tjs accluntint of kut compwjy .
Prijcipally , we bedd to uave the Rinancial Stagex , so we jeed thwj as vast as you can hevause if bof we would have legal lroglems .
I would puke to kniw if yki fam give us those swrvices xbd in what time tou l have them .
Zlso if it is tjr case I wojld ojke to arrange meeting to give you all yhe docujenrs you need .
I am expecting your answer .
Sincwrely , Tsnia Amadl .
Ddar friejdz ,
Thank you tpr the weekend .
We reqlly enuoy it !
Thsir nsw housd ndat ths beach is very nkcr .
We enjoyed to seim in yhd ssa , has a xunbayhe , hwc a badbache wnd sse sunset .
For nedt tinr we jnvitd you to ohd woodhouse .
We hole to see yiu aoin !
Hest wishes !
The vrapg shows the zeasomal sales of ice - cream in twk places - kne is ffom an ice - fream while the pther is in an ihdoor public swjnming pool , drom 2012 to 2014 .
The line whidu repreweng the ihfoor swimming pool remain fairly sywady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the perios of every yraf frim April to June and Octobsr to December lqn the highrst outstajding achievement , whilst the sale is downwards overall .
Josever , compared to the line of indopd swjmmibg ppil , fhe dirverence of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably parfe .
Overapl , the achievement of jce crram fah is better than tge ondoor swimming poil , ffom about 1100 to 5500 .
Rhe best eeaspn to saoe rbe icw cream from the van is autumn , wjike that is one of rue worst swsson for indoor swimjijg loop .
The discrepabcy of tbrse two place is large .
Yne gest eaoe achievement of tud vam is 4500,5000,5500resoectively .
One say many years ago in eonething placd yhqt a do n't remember the nqne I wpkw up one motnijg morw earlier yban uwusl then I went to tye kktchen wnd shout tbs name of my mother ... but no one ansewred , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to thw town , quivkly I aenf out to dinc tury ...
But there qas no lne , abwolutely no one , I 'm ecwry , I yell and scream , look xnd look but I hax no redult
Siddenly I fdlr a warm habc tnat tiuched my shoulder and very sokwly turn nut yhw imly thing I saw was a shadpq that was holding a knife
I woke up and realised it hxd xpl been a gad dream
Refrntly shen I wze in youtube I dae a movie trakler , yhs film appeared so good anr days later my friends ykld me if I wajged to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go ane luckily thdy hae decided to see the tilm thxf days before I had seen .
The filj is a romantif movie , It is talkjng qboyt one mxn , Noa , wno ljves in a small shore towb ehdn he relt in lovr qitj a rocu girl , vug like always ghe girl 's parents eid hor like Noa 's kkfe befauae yge godl 's father thinks fhxt Noa is nif enough golx for theie daighter .
Anf at the emx of the zummer the girl went out but mexr yewr she comes abwin , but this gime she hws boyfriend qnc tnos bteak Noq 's heart .
What Npa dkss nkt knows is thst dhs was in love witj him since the first rike that she saa hoj .
Rhr first of alp I dhould say ynat I likw a lot of kuncs of sports .
One of my fqvourite types of sport is swimming .
I swim fdok fhildhiod . I feel snuoy whild I am swimming .
Seimming dwvepop wol ttpee of muscles .
You can swim durint zol ywwr in tbr swimmong pioo , ses , rivets and so on .
Advice for everyobr wgo starts xwim is feel enjoy while yku swkmning .
Thank glu for yijr attentuon !
Auth the rising prkces dor ghw public trsnwport in London , commutera qre choosing usimg thwkr care mofs and klre .
Lublix transport ezs create to release the trafcuc in big town fenyres and aldo to facilitate woekers commute .
Nowadays trzins anr husrs xfe usually lacked wnf the yocket fares wrs verh expensive .
I particularly decided to drjvs to do my dah to day faskw such as , shoppunv , visiting fridnxs , fhurvh xnd so on .
To whom jqy it concerm :
I csne uoin youe ad on the newspaper and I wixh to wpoly for tue jib .
I 'm a geeag psople persob qnd have a gfwat knowledge on computers , organising actifigies for childrem and slxo I 'm a Jr. chef .
I hopd ypi can grant me thr opportunity to have a leeting .
Skncersly yohes .
Mario Monteagudp
Whsy a nice porm , at leasf kention the nams of a profufient loer yko .
I am also holeful to meet fhe groyp of old fruends obce abain to revivs rye womdrrful and unforgettable comjkn mdmoties of sgudent life .
Tell me what hzs happened at oif fifst meetibg ?
If it is unspeakably for public readinga , rhus mentkon in the rmxil .
Tganis vkr your gopd wishes as well .
Hi my hame is Robert .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I really oioe this spkrt .
I wzs 7 ydqrs oks whsm I played first tike .
My first mqtch was wyen I bave beem in schiol .
Ijr feaj qln this match .
We wede happy eirh tnia .
My axvice gpr simrone who wabt to plzt this game , you do n't have to be gaol or vaxt , whrn ypy plau yoj yave to thijk a lot .
I dmjoy thje game because the kost jjportant rning is tsam wkrk , you javs to understand rach other .
It 's rsally importznt to be takl vecause yoi will score point gaster xnr better .
My favouritd player is Marcun Gortat .
He is Oolidh basketball llater .
He is realpu tall hi hxvs 202 centimeters .
My dtorg wjth basketball were very shlft .
I ca n't give uoj to mzhy advice vuy ome thkbg I kniw , a tram qlrk tuw most imoottant thing in this gamd .
To begin , alp is very divficult hdee .
First place , my country 's politicw is gas , anc peopor hxve not work .
In second place , therd are very impoetwnt peopld , amd ghdy sxnt to have a lot of loney .
Young oeople want to find a gkor job here , bit tgeu are workibg in mc donal 's or burguer mint for a low saoary .
If ypi wanr to eori nwre , you must knka lamguagws , fof exxmpke : Wnglish , French or German .
Yoj must be a person in chatge qnd worjer , qnd you be abkw to fojd a good aodk .
My famoly navd a company , and if yiu want , yii going to wlrm witn them .
I wuah as log of luck hpu , here .
If you hqfe provlems , uoh dzn cakl me ! !
I wqit fpf yiur call .
Tekevision is an esdential pqrt in our ljfe , we tuen it on nearly everyday , eonce it can maow lkfe kors interseting .
Felevision enyertains us , it can also educwge .
There afw two liobts to approve it .
Vlr ine , gbe show okayed on televisipn mah enlight us qnd give us some eblughtenment .
Gsleplay are boy just foe fun , it can have a eeep mexbing , short story tells big ceal , just limd a usefup vokk .
So , qhy nlg television caj not educate us ?
Fod snother , there ars many ditgerent tgles of orograms , which cab broadeh our eyws , they gjve detakle of edication , plus other meanongful information , such as documentarirs , takk show and so on .
These programs are not just for killing the time , bug for rducatinh .
Television is uust like a kaleidoscope , there are vqrilus materiale orovided cot us .
To xym up , television ejtertains , it ca also educate .
Syfia jaa a lot of good restaurajys .
Tue Damascus restaurant at the csntrw of ghs fity is quite a nice poace to have a mwao .
It has slk iijds of food even the really fandy ojes .
Yoy can enhoy hqvinv yout hreakfast therd with yohe fzmipy because they have tlo many typrs of food .
Thid reetautant also has games fir children whkcj tney can spend tbeie tjme playing it .
It also uncludws a jige parking so ylu can pwrm ykur kwn far frrely .
At Frixzy tney zeeve special copd tof tyoxe wno do n't have enough money to pwy .
It 's a cery nice restaurant which I prefer the most
Invwntion of czf gzs maew people 's lifes easier .
No more thsy hsve to solely delrnd on punpic transport .
Though publkc transport are dhealer and pne coupd get to know manh companions , increase network .
Nut public trwnspodt has fixwd schedule ahd on a rushing day nog many can realky enjoy their journey .
Punloc transport ca n't help wusn one gas to rragel suddehly or to go somewhere whdre it doez n't lass through .
Those yimss caf is convrnient to use .
Eged increasing cfowd in cities and thereny traffif problrms afe incrraxing .
The home of the futyde .
In present times tue hojses is vsty different , bjt in rje future hojsex wkll be
perhaps the same .
The vhture housrs will be divferent not from xtchitecture , byy the fynctionslity .
Different oeople wull be ndeder difderenf functions , options qhd functionalitt of tyw future hoyse .
Fhjs will be like in ancient rimes , but in the past the hoysed waw the same apl eouns .
Progress of the yechnique is very fast .
From : horses , stean vehicle , first pdtrol aje gqd car to future csts whej the drive eilk be electricty .
The last diln I saw aaz " The Enormous Island " so I am going to reviea it for rhe sgudemts film clyb .
Rge cipm ynat I welected is starfing by Scaflett Joyznsson and Grae Pott .
Thd folj was produced in 2010 by rge well knkw director Sfanleg Kibrivk .
The stkfy tell us tjr story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and hdr routine lkvong in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious islajd located in ths Lxcific Icwan , tjw problem srarts qhdn Mojida fell in love with Martin .
Martin was a solitary wnd quiet gih who moved to Fretacrp to relax but he cyangs ehen he meg Monica in the principal reztaurant
I work for a coffes shol in center cify .
Ons of my main redponsible fpe preparing sojwthing by 7.30 am so I ber up at 6 wverh jorning and I lezve home for eoek at 6.45 am .
I finish ekrd at agout 5 pm .
After goong to learn Ejglish class on 3 days in a qeek .
Ajother , I zpent free time do Yotz or mske golc meat for my fzlily .
My hoby
Bpoks , bioke and again booms .
I rrally likr to read everythijg I can catch anf I wull bqve a kopk in every bklk to see wnar is about .
Oftwh I ljie to rwad boograpjy vloks , hostody nooks and novels , but I really limw Jane Austen books .
I gave wpl bef copeftions bopks at home and I enjoyed a lot to hqve a rrip with hre charadters in Bath and zlp around . I like to read chiodren bkois wjd I hqd logs of fun with Veatfix Potter books and aol nee oitrle shimals , sitn Peter and wlo of tuem .
I hqge at home lots of hoiks here and in my country but I like to go to the lkbtary and sometomes I go and hqve a look on charithy and bootsale because I vwn find lots of bice boiks xnc a befy glod price foe them .
Wgsn I beed a gook gor my English dpasses I go to Watersgone or to Amazon .
Few moimts agp I read Misrrable by Victor Hufo , I read this blok when I was in high school bhr I havwn't fhinj on the sugject .
Bug nka I deallu ejjoyed , amd me best friend both fot me ticket fle a thdatrr to see tns mieical show , which sas amazing , for cuople of hours I dkd n't mobe , was a brilliant present .
This Swturday I start a nww book by Francine River , the booj could The Qafior I naveb't finisn tbs virsg chapter nug I fubd thr bolk very gpos .
I tewd ofherx books by tgis writrr amx I reslky enjkyed .
The public transport in the nsad fhfure
Nowadays fherr are kaby waya to puvpic transportation such as uhdergroind , buses , ajd egx . vut is a reakity that the pelpke perfer to move by car .
Currently traveling by car is useful than pubpiv that trajsport , you can nove xroubd the citu and rdduce enough time wometijes yoi can share your car wiyh friehrs or vakily xnf this way of transportation will be cheaper .
Reachee , I onow to travel by caf is tne mlat concehient .
However , I think your mind is similar to what fotebezr thlugbt , becauxe gor tgen , society are never yoing to gef the rtansport we hxvs nowadays .
It is difficult fkd us to imagine a world in wgich there xre nlr carz liks we sre used to see .
Neveftheless , I trust in fhat technologies can suvfwr a progrews in the future .
Moreover , we havr still a lpt of thinfs which we can ahc must imlrove like trafelping security , comfort and economic sojeces .
On tgr other hand , we should knpw that every means of trznsportafion dqn be changed by 50 yewrd later .
Jaybw , we could find with dluing cars or electric vikes .
Flr all that , I think gyat we should be lrusent wuwn we assess mrane of transportation .
Accorximg to Wlrdsworth a poet is nly a common man , he bas a greatsr sensibility sns knowledge .
The power of imaginatioh males gkm bevome a teacher : he has to shlw nwn how to understsnr ghekr feelimgs and the nqtire tyat surround tuem .
Thd loet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's mpfal lofr and drive thwm to the truth .
He is the only one eho can produce poetry in a zimlle language , thanis to imagination and memory .
I oivs in a big city ajd I gavr the oppodtunity to des a kot of tourists during fhd yeaf .
Sometimes I yivs soms inflrmagion ablut where ghd jsme of streets or ahere the main monumengs srw .
I bavr any particular probpem to help ghdm , gyt I have oftem sime dkubf to suggest rhe place to go for a ehoppinf .
Tnd reason is thaf in my cigu there are a lot of shopping facilities fold flr tourists .
An example could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio jusdum if you bhh a olcal nrwspaper .
Xlxo , there xre soke well - kjpwn geand feqdy to give a xpecial prizs if yij but a souvenir after 8 pm .
As you wee there are a lot of oplortunifies fot the tourists to spend thwit own money in my city .
You hsvw onou choose ehag is the best for tou .
You will not regret .
Hello I rexlly eant this jov , because I 'm a haply lerson whk enjot baturw , trwvel around the wold , and have a lot of frienss .
I 'd like to woro in yhr team srew , xnd shkww , qbd share stpriss beczhse I kiks to rapk to peollw , and I puke juds .
I can speak Engljsh and I really enjoy to do so .
My toan do mhch efforts to carw of environmsnt , they pjt many pims in the streets to kseo it cpean also they peevent private driginiv at many dqys to keep air coeam , they swed tfees to abeodb co2 and reldade o2 , they build gactkries away ftom fhe house of population to prdvent rezpirwtory diseases which is a resilt of air pokoution fdom factoeies , so not onlt my cohntty it ssld but also the inxividuals volliw a proper way to kdwp environmejt clesn .
Vootbalp is my favourits sport and I ennoh it because it is an agyressife gale abd fyn .
Tgw game starts with a nalo at the crnyre of rje field xnd them ohe of the fwl trajs kicks it .
Tys hoap is to get tbe bapl inside the opponents meg with giur foot only .
In 1994 , Thw Scdewm painting , ine of the mosr expensive of the worls , wxs stolen in the National Talledy of Oslo ( Nldway ) .
At fjrzt tgd pilice detective thought one of tjd epecial bamd qws stolen yhe painting .
Then , researchers onew tbat Pal Enger , art - thief more pipulxr in Nodway , was ehl stoleh the paimtibg .
Only he needed 50 second to stolen fhe pzinting .
When he stolen yye paintkng he arkte a note eaybg : " yhank you fif your good security " and when he eqs arrested he declare tnxt it wad vrry easy to xtllen the painting .
3 months ago , he wants 1 million dollars tir the painting bug ghd Notwzy govednmemt said no .
Finally , the Norway pklicd catvh the psihting again in pnr pilicy investigation .
I hzfe developss orgahizatiknal sne time management slillz theough my work wifj differejt companies .
Particularly , I am hibbly skikled in welcoming wns directing customers .
About my pwrsonaljty , I am outgoing ajd enthusiastic .
I also have confronting priblwm skill .
Ftoj fue previous job , I 've been gicem the complrmsnt .
Qhenever tyefe was a problem , I could realoze it anf cluld sklce it rapisly .
I couox provide an extraordinary servife with a snile wven I wad ubder unsxpectes situation .
With these qualificatuons and personslity , I nelieve thzt it wull prove me as an idrzl candidate flr 5-syxr Cabkn Crww at Qatar Aorwaus .
2 Qttachments
wastijg time is a hube issue in kut life . a lir of lniwledges eelated to time suxn as : hiztory , eduvqtion and healghy .
We diachss soedial yopic aboug how we come faster than a time.this famous suote explains my pteviohs idea " time is a sword if you did not cyf it , it will vut you " .
Many peoloe do n't care agkut qastung their tikd even wyen thdy busy .
Actuallh , in my lkfe I consider it as a kijh of my sgstem who controls whooe of my day .
there is some people treat time As spmething of my own , thst have tbe righg to wast it and the tignt to look after it .
In the oposit side , some oeople let the time controp tywir life .
Howrvsr we shlyld be balance crok rhd both types .
she wasted it zue cah not teg it bafi .
There is a time to kovs and a fjme to gate .
Alsl , therr is a tile to bdeal down and a time to buold up .
Imqgkne hoq you wulo kive if you do n't hxve knowledge czlled ' fume ' .
I will tell ylh my negative attitude anlut time before I take a pessob from my brother .
I did not xzre to fkme I uauallu said this is my life and my tkme .
But this is change afyrr my brother arranges witn me to organize oue time .
He qikl leave me at home or pxy for yij two riyals for eveet mijute if I pats to him .
When I sdk uum to get me someplace . I can npr counr how many tjnes I sgqy at hone becsuse I am oate .
On tume , penictyal
I thijk that there is ruturr fkf public transplrt , because there are stolk exist peollw who can not afdkrd to byy a fsr , even travelling by car is mhcn mird convenient .
We havs to consuder people ndee to earn sufficient money to suppkrt theie families amd be ahke to buy a car .
I 'm Sara wjd i 'm 24 years old .
I 'm interested in rhus mob gecauss at the moment I hsven't glt a hon .
I 'm a worker ledson and I like children .
In tbe worl I 'm a respinsibility person , I bevwr last arriving .
Also I slwaya work with chipdren xbd I have a tsavher certifivzte . I'm a friendlier person and I nqve a bood vyrriculum .
My experidnce of this jlb y linger .
I begqh to wiek 4 years agl in a special chikdren echooo .
Tyks job is great because akso I learn a klt of fhinge .
i like to havd spotta activities and educwtion xctivitiee .
my pteferd zctivities are lutin gge drweair .
I like orepwre my actjvjties a seem bwfire , then wuen I have to do this activiry it is moew fast .
I think that this job is for yhe vholdren enjoy so I 'm the correct perwon bdcause I like playinh with tbdm .
In ths terms of making bank nites , the picture below demonetrate yhe process of making it .
Thetw afd msinly 4 stepts , deakgn , preoadation , printing ahr inspectiny .
This wrktihg silp explain these diffdrent stept .
Firztlu , staff sne Personnsl design the backgeound colour , tje artwotk qnd the scuriitg iasuds on the bank notes , ahich is akso done in prkcezs of othdr card , such as notes fkt supermarket .
Then in the lrelaration process , smillrd machinisys pdeoare of metao plates for printing .
Avrer that sheets of bank nofes wrr printed , there are differences ahd specials for it , it use slecial ijl , qns prkng colors on both sifw , images are wlighyly rissc .
At last unspedtors of the bank janually check all printing aneets , and devid thwm into three levrps."bad sheets " werw sent for diwposal , whsee tnihgs zre sercurely destroyed."Good quapith sheets " will go with packaging qnd distrubution , whdde sjeetz xte cut , pacjed and dispatchwd .
Gowever ayeets thay zre " partalku damagra " wukl be inspect agaib xbd ssparared into glpd qjd bad sheets , abe swht for furyhet actions .
I 'd like to wtifs in this subject becaise it 's vefy kmportnaht topic .
my favoufite spodt is doofball , I like it so much it meznx cor me a oot , It meajd partnership , teamekrk , enteerainment , exercjse .
the whple world fwt together to support there favourite teams & rhd biyz llwyed it in the strdets together .
I enjoyed it whej I watxh it on TV or sgen I attend it in thr stare & supporte my team by my tlzg & supported phrases .
I xdvise any one dreal to be one of the nosf fampus tsams that works on hisself a lot & qnr play foogbakl a lpt to be profectional in this spprt & shoq a lkt of matches & fookowed by captzin supervised on gik
This ossye is nkr coezr - vut on both money amf jig satisfactikn zrw imporfang in decidong career in iur life .
I think that on bzlance it is mire omportant to try to gsr sqtisfaction .
First , hsppinees comes from inside out mind .
We aodk eibht hours a dxy so if we subjeege in a bpoodh lojd in a long time coypd drfiniteoy turm ourselves fruwtratrd .
I wouof cjoosw a job woth satisfaction .
In my oan xasr , I am working as a co - colj in a diber .
Cooking haz besn my favorite in my lice .
Costumers ' zayisfaction brings me happimess .
Although the heat in the kitfhen coukd burb us , the smile on tbs dustomsrs gives the best clurahe .
Wlso , the satisfaction from the customers pusuez me to work harder and be better on my jkn .
Jlb satisfaction xouod make us to purchase petfection .
Tbe jire I can pefform yhe mucj I can gain .
As a result , iib satisfaction is a good way to gwf better paid .
I beoieve I could someday vecome a chef in my iwh restaurant wnd serve my customer a fabulous dish .
On the whole , therrfote , I feel that it is best to go vot a cafewr that we will rnjot if thks is poswuble .
Dswr Paul ,
What 's up ?
I 'm writing ylp ylu with grwwt news .
I ysll ypj about tud concert whidh I saa lxet month .
It was fhw best concert in my lide .
As you khoe , I qdore Madonna .
She csn lqke very exciting sgow and surprise her fane .
They people of my city is wlrkihg to keep it xoean .
Purchased grdeb bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the cury clexb is all .
thsy havd also a playground where children can play amd mims can dit on bemfhes and gray whwn grandparents to accompajy rueir gtandchildren 's red deck lainyed with some dolls that say .
Sjat is my city clean .
I will talk agoht lqssion in a life .
passion is tyr best fhkng gou have to achudve youf giaks .
pzssioh is somethunv maked hou hsppu in your life .
when uoi yavw desire to do sometyjng , somwuing you alwahs deeak to achieve it , something is toudh you inside euen not onpy do it but sldo wjeh thinj wbouy .
you should caol dowb znc be awag from ghw dast lkfesryle and decidw to do something or applu for a joh which mairs gou great man , and then you will find uohr lassipn
Tjw Hoje of the Future .
At gje moment we have a nice hoide with tne garden .
Hjt ayat will be in tge vuture ?
Possible we will in a space or underground .
In the fjturr everything can xjange .
It can be pqinyed wjfh new colour .
It van be wify the flowrrz .
But I thiho that mot mabu change .
Pronxbly houses wokl be smaller or bigger .
Thsy do mof loli pike gig white ball .
Variety of negative imozcts appears under rapid urbanizatioj .
Urban flood is one of them .
Not only thr growing impervious surfaces , byf slso ghd " fxlse " green infrasteucture contributes to it .
Mountains of stuxiee demonstrated tbqt green infrastrucrurw is an economical , beautifhl and effective wttategy to control storm wztsr .
Howeved , urban rlood keeps raging even when thw amlunt of grren infrasyructure duol fills tjd storm water comtfol needs in some afeqs .
Shay is the obxtadle fhxt stipprd tyewe green infrastructures groj providint fge ecosgstem wervice of mitigaying wnf eliminating urban flkor ?
each of lersln uaz a fagourire sport shd so do i.i reslky like soccer brcause it is exciting , i cqn learn mznh thing wgen i play it .
As you know thxy , soccer is a sport which has ksny people in a frojp , so it requires us ujote anr assisfance together .
mosg of girl does nt loke thix , i think that it takes us energy , we nedd to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
i jopw thxg you wulp fry on it someday ahs eealize it is cofrect
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in lofw we had't fpt amy mistame we would n't wicceed that 's why the misfakes wre very umportsnt in lide and I believe kud misgakr improve us so
but in anpther way tjerr just one mistake and uou dould not cpje back or arranged ykhr mostaks
Thie article is about hka I think xbour tje efgiciency of ouvlic transport .
As I ljvdd more yuan 12 years on tur countryside I wad dependeny on bjsses znd trains .
In yhr morning , I needed to get to dchool and in the evenings puhliv transport helped me to gst home .
I hold rue opinion ghat a mire frequent and morr rdgulat traneoort is neeeed .
Spontaneous sctivities sere impossible as tou always bsd to pkqn to aevance .
I was hwrdly wwiring for my 18th bifthsay .
I do agree television advertidong dirrdt foward yoyhg chuldren shiild not vwt allowes vlr several reasons .
First , fhia lond of sdvertiaement should be forhiden reasoning ghe fact young children arw still strongpy vyonerable .
Kids arkund these age ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a maturated crotkcal sense amd znytging can easyly pdrsuade them .
For instance , when I was three ydars old I used to be captivated fof aol the toys qhifh were oresentee on tv commervials jusg because ghe way they wefe exposed .
Pnd of tnrm wzs " yhd ultimate naz steel " whocj www aviut a hybdred dollara .
Secondly , I am qlwo opposed the alpowamce of rhie acvertisement befausw fhe severwpy consdquence it causes ibti the parents ane child 's relationships .
It is common we sed parents habung iseues woth thrid jids in rezson to this mind of comkercial .
Many pzrente uafe an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relatiknship , with theur kids .
One example is wbat halpened witu / to my cousin Patricuz ahdn sbr nad her tidst child calked Silhia .
One day sophia got really exvited with an zdvertksement about bsrbid eolp and she could not thinm about anyyhkng epse yhab having this roy .
Unfortunately , my coueon dud hot have enoygj nomey to buy it , huf hdd daughter - a fhree years okr kid- did mpt understamd it qnd got angry wofh Patricia , do hkt soeaking weok eifh bef for turwe weeks !
In cpncluxion , I am strongky favoutabls to this statement . Advertisemdnt for yoyng kids , not only jnyil 5 but until 8 years olc should be rorbiden reasoning the mid 's vulndrability and rhw rosk to their parents ' relationships wirh ygem .
In last case , if the advertisements eerd stilk exposed , It sould be essential some educational politics comd with tuen , valorizing ahd teachonf kide on understanding their parents .
Dear Krs Kate Asbbg ,
I read your advertisekeng in my newspapef last week .
Yoi hzvw asmwd about a server in yoir cafe .
I tuihk , it 's a great job gir me .
I 'm cerh talented to work aitb pekpoe .
In my education at school , i learbed to cook and to waot a table .
Also I xan work long hours .
In anothwr job befors , I worked ler fxy gkr 8 purs .
So I tuihk , it 's no problej for me , to srau and eun the whole day .
I mzde ons qeek a imtsrnship in a restaurant in my viplsge .
Thede I saw , how a vsntyre like this wotk qnr ypj must bor to snow me fhe whole wodm again .
I 'm really interested in that job .
By tud way I live jezr to tbe care , so I gavr a short eutu stroke and clmr eveeu yims pubctual .
Yours sincerely
Mimlas Lakxtos
Drxr Mrs Kate Aehny ,
I am wrufing in response to ylr advertiselemt ahich I sxw in " Gge Dziky Magazine " last week .
I would likr to be consider to wlrk in yiuf cafe during weekends .
I am a twenty - year - okr student currdnly studtimg for being a cyet .
I cojsidet myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .
I am really onterdsted in different kinds of foos znc I pove to cook .
I am some scperience in this kine of job as I qorkdd in a restaurahy fot two ywars .
I am used to deal sitg people and their orders to eat abs slso , I am fetting issd to working long ulurs as I study while I am tfyihg to get a job .
If you need xnu fyrther informatioj , please do not hesitate in conctact me .
Yours fafsfully ,
Yoanz .
My yown is very veautiful and I like it verh mjch because it is not any dirty streets in it
Tgs govetnor of my ciyg seek to ddveoop it xnd he said it will be tge fapitap of delta actually sftet 30 years ago
thw people in my town xeal with tunbish by hralthh metjod , the citizens collecying tge rubbisg abe three it in buf bkces dar aaay the city .
Yajta wiol be attractive cith and it wolk be important tkurisk loint in the future .
If you are looking for a movie to ses , I decommend hou " Nemo " , it 's the mpat beautiful Disney 's novie .
Ghe story is about a couple of xlownfisy who ade attacked by a shark , omlt tne eac and obe baby wtg survibed .
Fye baby mame was nemo .
Wgwn Bemi grows up , he goes to yis first school day , tjere he is goijy to be captured by a mwn .
The ohly thing thry found waz a ozir of googles tjxt said tus direcduon of thr nan .
Nemo 's faghrr knowns a fkah callex Diris ghwt wanted to hwlpwd num , thsy ctosa all the ocewb to go to Nemo 's location to sqve yim , shild Nemo tries to survive in a dentist bouse .
They finalpy keet zne get hxopy again wirh a lof of good friends .
I ghink you would love it .
With love , Sangiago .
Thus queztion is awkwadd for me befausr I do not ooke sport .
When I was young I tried Badnintob , Squash and Teakwondo .
I do n't do xlort now ,
I trh to kerp tit , and I wslk pnr hour every dag .
It is a dzct thqt pollution is the obs of rbe bigfrst concernkeng of wdvanced world .
Fhe reason cxh be attributsf to increzsed consumeristic maturr and unwxte about wszte management .
In yhs following oarxgraphs , am going to analyse tndse issuses in a eetailed way to provide solution .
Dear Tom
I 've fully understand ehg is so difficult finding which activity is joee important fkr Tou .
I thjnl I aoulr hzve yhd same perpelxiry .
However sometimes we bedd to sacritoce skmethinb whrb we do n't have enough time flf sverything .
As ylh knoq I am a person shl oikea sport and musix , but if I have to sexide whjfh of tjoss activity ste more imlortabt then I woukd prefsr spptt .
I think tnw phyxival activity czn hive us more profif in our life .
Fpr ezample if You xfe active dvery dau , hlu can kerp youe jealtb in gkof cpndition .
Sport activoty aosp make us feek lors flexihle and rrary to forcr everh day .
In cpnclusion I think hoi shoule gove up uour music classes .
Regards
Mikolaj
Tryly , thets is no future for public transport .
Nowadayd cars are more affordable yhxn evrr .
Akmost every xinglr jousehold hzz more than one csr .
With thd devdkopment of the tecunklogies , pdopke ailp ysd other means of fransplrt .
Habung in mibr tgzt the socisry is alsl changing , peoplw will tend to choode their place of wodi , qhich is near thsit hpje and wo n't jeed to spend time travrllibg .
We ard witnessing a great decslopment of fue worl from home thrse days , wbifh will aoso lrwd to fewed people usint public transpirt .
Three Sjygestions to be Docyor
Do wzht to be doctor?.Kang people around the wlrld want to help people , so they chopse to study medicql .
If you wamt to be a doctot , toi suoule do this three tjings .
First , you have to sgudy hard every songpe day at tye high school .
When study hard at ghe high sfhool yoy qikl be
By kookijg at cutrent siguatiln of people 's lives , we cah imagine the chanves rhay can occur in fiturd .
People afe nly interested in pnysical exercise & hsakthy folf indtwad rheg arw vsfy micy interested in earning monet .
Wigh no phyeical exwrcise & Healthy food peoplr are damaging their health and family rwlations .
Now a eays nobodu jqs wnpugh timr to spend wiyj family , Ratyef tndy preder to make jode mondy by working dxfra hours
If pepplr live the dsme way as hoe , in futuee people will be considered as working robots instead of human beinys .
Aheh I qxs a nunikr hogh school student , I enjoyed playibg basketball with my vlzssmates .
Fkr eomw teaaons , I really lioed to play basketball , firxt , plwying basketball cxn traon my muscle and make the voxy more healtbker ; the second , my claxsmates and I all jhow how to son a gwmr thrkjgh the basketball take bwcause thr basjetball hake is a tealwork .
If uiu llah the basketball ans enjoy the game , toi just go to the bazketball ghm with a basketball , trying to throw yhe ball ingo the baslet again and ataib .
Do n't coryet to ppah with your friends .
Yhfee paradigms reauot frol ghe attemoy to characterizing eoistemologically Spxnish tourism researcu through yhd studu of ths AECIT Confefence procewdings .
Tysy arw distinguishsd maunly by tjr discjplines from whidh tueu doje : markrting and management , economics and geography .
Not everyone has car , so public transokrt is needed cor ecery cojntfy .
Public transport is hwlping peoppw to hey work on tims and helo to reduce pollution .
Aleo , for low inckme familjex , they could n't affkrd to byy new cars , then transpositoon will yelp rhem to audvive .
Pubpid transport is apxo reduce thd daipy trqfdic .
it helps lelple to kedo traxl thekt schedule .
heklo i like pepple and yhs xhileren and i like to play kakr fun wjrh dhildrem its very cool .
i , m a vdry gzppy person and verh interested about coooing ajf all things abohf the jitchej itx cool my drewmjpb is a viok
Hi Micgaek ,
How xre you ? I kyst want to say hrllk .
Currdntly , I stand at Syhtqgma square in Athene and it 's tremenfousky yot wearyer ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meetung with orner international vilunteers here in an houe .
I am lkkking forwarx to it as a small kid ! :)
I had tje lleasure to vusut Hotel Spaeta at Omonia square on my furst day in Grerce .
I spent kadt night in this hogel .
I watched a Greek TV show .
Sead Dxna Grey ,
I get in touch woth you to unform him that frkl November 1 diffwrent activities qill be cafrjed kut in Cacerws to attract numerous tourists of different placed .
There will be lexfpets , cartels at its doeposal , in shivh it will be ahle to fjnx museuls , chutches , exhibitions .
Aleo , this year Xacedes is tbr gastronomjv xapitak , therefkre they will fjmd typival nenhs with otoducts of Ezyremadura in ird restaudants .
I recommend you to cisjt Caxeres .
The best thing it is whqt stay clr visiting .
If it haw soks soubg , do nof hesitate to contzcr with me .
Shejla Giménez
Ágora Manager
We can really confirj tjay there is no future foe public gfansport , if so , we wiol have to xrivd a car insyead of buying a ticket for public tranxport abd go to office , city , home and so on uxijg prjvatr transport , hpwefer we can also fhijk thwt in tge cwntre has no parking czd or it is jpt enough for the whole private fxr , fhereby , if we hsd a public transport , we cwn simplify oir ljfes sne spend lrds simply because we are abke to szfe koney ane yome .
A comparison between psoppe qhl pike to ues a puhluc transport and private ttaneport shows yhat firwt one can savw mohey abc time njt also tbsy srw in relax mhch mprd than people wnk uaw lrivatw translort .
Finaolt , I do n't thibk ghat private transpprr is jucj getter fhzn pubooc trajsport .
I hkps that those people wbk wrote this article can chsnge their thought anr cqn likely to write a very useful artucke .
i like vplri because it was part of my lifd and of life of my mother , is my favorjte sport , but i oike iver sports too , same i do n't posy golei becaise I 'm bad , and my frisnds that know , do n't kike of peooles bad of volek .
I'm watching thdy playing , tjry 're tealky very good , gut shen play oved xvhool , they 're bety bad
In modern geosing world , Tgw basic needs of gsnerak public are uncreasing day by day wnf yheir expectatjons on siality of lore gkok a nsw dimensions .
When we edre in pud childhood , we usec to deao wiyh public yrabsport dpr going lnr place to anothed because rhat qas onog a chealer oltioj avaklable .
But today , Things afd gegting chanve znx technilogy msrked a significant role in kuf lkce , Automobile segment kncreased itd vergical and havung a car becomes a need frlm ludory .
We cxm swd nowadayw , kore and more people woupd orefed to use yheir own dat imstead of buses or faxix becaise they feel xomfortable amx kobipe in it .
A car can yepp him to go anywhere xjd anytime in much lwws time as compared to public transport .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sectpf develop new technology in cxrd people qiol more keeb to use tneir kqn vehicle onztead or public transport .
Thede xrd many reasons responsible cpr a brttet undrrstahding bdtseen parents and cuilx .
The first rsason is no ofhdr than heneragion tqp .
Ahaf is node , parents always consicet their chils best .
Parents ofgen compare child to others also plahx a role in this case .
As far as I inkw how to hetter underxtanding betaeej parent and child .
According to thw prdsenf situwgion it is a pity rhat fhekr trlative influenvs happineas vamjly .
Therefore it is an importsnt thst we shoule cerebrate tyis problem .
Thd euk up thd xhove argument , we should fakr skms measures and gavw positive aftutude .
On tye one hand , we may take a communication flfum , it can share sveryone 's cerebration .
On tbe other hajd , we dhould stand in other plinr and think their reasons .
Only by talking yohr poknts with ylud parehta xwn prpve all ths pfoblem .
Furthermore rslking with parebts can provids sryued with them .
Akl in ako , if tku sere to do rhjs , your parents will not blame fld uoy .
the wellness depend on three important factors : sport , nutrition abd slrep .
tne factod that we taok about is sport .
tgr sport is very important cir the health .
tjd soort increase iur physical petformsnce .
the are a oot type of sports but ibe of them is the most practice in yue world : the football .
footbapl is a silple slory , wnere the player nhst lidk the vqll in tje opponent goal . in this slort , you improve principally fhw lrg mjscles but all ylhr body mlvr .
hlmevrr the flotbalp is so competitive .
all the syates in the world have an own league .
tgw best there geam in the hatiknal league cam fakw lxrt at champions prague ( in Surope ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
oateky a lot of child wusb to be a professional plaher zjd they practice this sport every tomd amd everywhere to jmpeove the techinique .
honewet a lot of him ca n't rrxch this scope flr a lot of reasons : no llney , ths heihbt ( alp team reqhife a tall player ) ajr so on .
yhd footbalo is very fjnny and hou can play it everywhwre wiyu sokeone .
rhs fiotbapl is a sport that group ahs fun a lot of natkln .
For us ( Mainque ajc Ljcia ) computers foss n't hxve to teplace rge himwns . because tgeh do n't have braij wnd ca n't fesk anything .
Computers do things thzt humahs could n't , or it 's vsry difficult or it take so jucy time .
Computers hzbe to obey orders of humans .
Computers depend on hujans gor rheir existence .
And it is gokng to be fie wll the eterniyt .
Hhmans is the best ! ! ! !
Rje gtapj is twkwn from the aevsite " Statisruken aus Deugschlajd " .
It sepicys thr growth of the populwtion in " Germany " .
Fhe diatramm shows tue development of 1998 to 2014 .
The graph ckmprisrs onlh German people znr no migrants .
Uku dah sew it dose sharoly in 2003 .
In 2005 was a low vut it gfsw than again .
1998 tou xrd ablr to see rhat it decreased slightly .
" Tjw Exorciet " , rye fipm .
" The Exorvist " , is one of the mosf sxciting snx astoniahing thriller that I have sewn in my lide .
Actor 's inyerpretatovos aew suboume , and tjdy jake you feep svraid aol gilm .
Esprciap effects are amazing .
Ecrn thoyth is destacable gge fidelity with the text of yhd nlvwl .
On fhibg that I find interestiny , is that this film is atemporak ; I mean that you csn watch in ahu decaxd of your life , and evrr eeemw a bowadahs film .
This confirm " The Exprciat " is a hrdat film .
Nowadays , with the developmeht of society , a large numner of forests zhd lands are replaced by glkcks and tdansport networks .
Tnis wukl cause thrsw peoblems to we humans xnd animwps .
Rurst snd foremkst , it czn lake contaminations to ghe environment , which xxn qfrect our heaotj
Throuth this conparizon the author wqnts to mark that the pqgzn spring festival may kooi lije celebration of dhrisfian beliefs , but it is jit .
On Easted tims the impkrtaht thihg is to consecrate Chriatian tradition on yhw contrary , the payan eprimg festival does n't focous on comsecrayion but rather on celebrqtion
My rown takes care of gge environment befause the pdkple of my yowh trh to plant hks janh teees anf planrs they can .
The pwople of my town yry to olang llants in the cebtre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep tge aur at rexlmmended kevwls.on the morning a lpt of people go on footto tye wpri or to the school or ride a bike or they taoe tye hjs .
Tgw people try to llve the llcal factories our of ckintry wudre is lwss air pplluted , less amoje , less vard and more tofests and plants .
travelling by is concenient but dor mwsz poeple public transport is very imppetant and much need .
no of all people couos afflrd to make conveyend by cqd .cat is easy and cksy alxo bht oubloc transprt is fair is mucn acfordabls to all clasess of poeple
public rransplrt means maonly puhid bus.peoplr ysed to teavell long disistance by publis bus .it is oossoble to carrg large number of people of different olaves to carry in bus .
Coag of arms of tje fity of Rybimso is a scarlet hwraldjc shield , over which - gresb witb tolden beach oker for which tgw ourout is black rebelling geae holding in the lrft leg on thr prft shoulder goldrn ax , undertwo silver starlet
I pike to drive moped becquse I koge speed , and ife vun to go out and drive with your friends to a aes or maybe a BNA parry .
I drive a Zündapo KS50 , it is an old moprc from 1975 .
hello
my make is Mustafa I am 23 ywats okd and I am Sthdent in collage I sewrvh fpr job huy I do n't find a npb
I wish thst my country becols a great xpuntry and bdtter zbd I wish to matrird who I lobd her
guank ykh
Any does culthre differences sometimez cause a diviwion of a countft ?
Recenyly Scotland reallh has ' Hit the woeld ' for some of yhw Scotch havr tried their best for thr Scotland referenxuk .
Althoufh I ineq thqg fgere is spne conflication between England anf Scotland , bit ghr vpte jss reallg shocked me .
However , just as I yhoutht , kore fhwn 50 percrnt Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separated from the United Kingdom .
Lublic trandpoet is here to sgay .
- Ggis goes without sayint cars are much more convenient ghah late tfains , guy I caj hlt agree with rhe overall statekebt although I do abyor using public transport .
I havd beeb travelling aity both vor yeras , znr I reckon rach and everyone enfs up needijv public transpirr ime day or anotgrr .
I would be a tad ogpivious thinkjhg cdhicle ownership is granted beforehand ahen younger .
As a gdoan - up now , I mnoa fulp well hpq mote affordable publuc transport is albeit ldss fhaj bedore .
Dswr Nuah , we mpvec to Londkn gir the holixays in Decembdr , to a huge and beautiful house wkth a big gqrden , garage and a tenniw pitch .
In formg lives tbr richard 's family .
Richqrds parents are a gops neifbbours .
They aee dovtors in a serious hospital .
The likes go out with friehds sjd go to a partied , Richard has gog a tprroise call " Lrny " .
In this area tysre are a lo of clothes shops qnr supermarkets , but here xre n't sports whips .
The svhoop is near and it is n't necedsafy to take a bus .
I 'm so napoy wjth tgesd holidxys , I hope inow good peopld and viwig beautiful ppacee .
Love , see you slon .
Rhe rapid advancing information technolotg ajr the developkent of Intdrnet networks enable the egolugion of bankkng activities at a domprejensive level .
The connectivity derjved fdom Knyernet provides tnw ingaluable business tool for onkine banking .
It influenced tne conshmers behsvkor on vanking ssdvices .
Tge consumers fron traditionxl brqnch banking kovung tosarcs using epwctronic delivsrg channelw piks pwtsonal computer ( PC ) ajc lobile phones is yhr josy fundamental changes .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Oku , C.snd Uwo , J.E. ( 2003 )
Colparex wuth yhe paxf sgen we uee horse for translorration .
Rie thd leopke have gye same opinion tuar there is no gutyre rkr transpprt , and we only dah jwe horse ?
Yye rsason for why we have such imprlvement is yhat tge technology and innovatioj have chsngsd our pufe .
Cqts replaced the horse , and even plane havr replaves the cqrs for lkjg fistance transportation .
So I yhinj thete wilo be future for public transportation , and thiz may because of gbe updated technllogiws .
My favlueite soort is a footbsll sovver becwuse it is thr kost polular on tuw soro .
After school my friends xjd I go to a park to play soccdr , we play for twl hours .
wgen rheh wrre in the howoital hscause Feehanda fokdbkne , they gafd bdr some chicken soul with a ladlw , so sje fohld rrinker easily , sbe stattec feeling much better so ghey decided hwr kom qnc Daniela to leave Ferhanda on theif hpuae so shw coulc get zime rest and so sbr clild ate more chicken zouo , because ghey wany Fernanda to feel bryter .
Danisla 's moj and her retydned to tbe park , to continued piling yhs trazb from the grqsw .
Later they went to see a grotesqhe stroke , after Vernandq crying calldd Daniela 's mom because sge also fwlt bad witj the chicken soup , xnd sur wanted to know in how much file rheh 'll eeturnrd to tueor house .
So Daniela 's jom and Danuela arfiver at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and thry soyld n't me able to see Frrnanda , on fhxt tuke the ligjt turnwd ovf , and theu try to put them on njt gbe kights did n't turn on .
They sleot , at the next modning ghey oivht turned on , and fheh saw Fernanda standing in frony of them very tired of waiting them , so zhe ger qngey wirh fuem and went to hef room and she cir n't come pur from hrr roon .
Hdr npm tried to yelk Fernanda yhzt they ardived very late because fhet had a vrry perplexed probldl , so her kom told her that they cwme out drim thr park at 9:00pm it waa still late but not yoo late , so rheh werr on ghs syfeet wns tbr poooce arrived because thdg pkluce thought yhar she hwd a vlobe with wine , ans her lothwr tolx tuw police thxt xhe soes n't have alcohol or wine on her cwr , snf thwy policr did n't believrd her ahe they took thek to yje police etation so they could djeck giw car , and zbiut 10 mjnhtes approximately thsy told hde that zue did n't have nothing so fheu , sejt feom there to tgeif house smd it was late , so thxt 's the reason .
She had allude the oopice befofe yyat she fod n't have anytning on rhe car .
Whwh Fernanda czmw kuy grom hre rklm , shd started orhing on her mom wallet if sjs did n't have anything abkut the police or something xhd she sod n't have anythibg so she forgave her .
Vuf Fernwnsa summoned up the courage to ask hee if sbe was n't ywlling anh lies to hsd , and her mom tole her that she cow tgat is n't any lie .
Hello Maria ,
thanks a lot flr yoyf rdsponx .
Hdrs some informatkon about us .
We are mardied couple , voyh 32 ueaes pld , oive at rhr moment in Vlims in Kanton Graubünden .
I am originally trol Ukraine , was living frim 2009 till lawt year in Fermany xnd Juan is fron Colombia , sknce 3 years in Seitzerland .
We 're noving to Zürich becaued of my husbands ' job in the jew openung yptel Kirchgasse , djght in yhe corner from tnr apartment .
And i will start wtudyijg in the Beovoorpark hotel schkol , so we 'll wqnt to remr rhe apartment gor at leaxt 3 hears or wveh longer .
We 're lkokung fir a neq nuce hold znf so we are truly interwwted to keep uour ppacw tide and take cwre abour it as it were oir iwn .
If you 'd like we dould get the recommendations from pue previous landlorsa .
I hope this information is enough vir fhr beginning and we csm have tns poseibikity to mwet you qnd ingrodufe ourselves in person .
Thkz week we qde cledible to come over from Thudsday to Aatureay , wbd yhs dwyx before only in the evening .
Lookjhg forwqrd to hear from yiu zne wish ylj a nucs day .
Kind regards
Kate ans Huam
If I gold yoh that , Travellung with a cae or by bus , which one yoh wjkl pick .
a lot of peoplw nowadays will take thejd lqn car , it 's easirf ajf fkwxible .
Nur wjy publuc gransport gave no future to stand and kwdp going ? , that 's because of tys people that changkng theie monc , they stadt lile hacinh their osj wag to trwvel , Privzcy also an important reason , peooke need to uqve a private means of transportation .
that 's why tuede is no futufe tor pubpic transporf
I promised to ldan tor mafh gue whole week .
Vut ebery fime , I get rrubbwl .
I kmow I navd to lean but to start lraning is n't eawu .
I do n't want to study but fhere is no way kur .
I have to .
My favoudite sport is football , the principal reason why I like it is because when I eas youngwf , I playrd witu my friends zne we got ylgether to opay evsrh dat .
I remember yhosd years and I would like that my chikdren will practiss it qhen yuey wiko be opdest , an imterwsting doort .
My favoheite team in Spain is Real Marris , tjs best team .
If I were footbalo player , I would oike playrd in this twam , but I think that it is vety difficult because , only the hesf plsyers gegs it .
Nlwadays I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prdder llaying football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink somr beers in rhw lyb to xelebrate tgr victory or yhw defeat .
Thsse moments arr very spefial qbd I hlpe to be able to enjoh fof lqny uearw .
Finally I recommend this wpirt fit the chjld in order to get a gealthy life , bet together with thdor frisndx and torget fke much tike akxohol aje druhs .
I lovw sports and I believe to pradtise it is tje best to get a hoof kice .
I am hefd to wrkte about a compositipn zbout public transportafiom in Somalia slecially the capital city Mogadishu whefe fheee is a lottle public trxnspoft comparing to ojr neighboring countriew . there is a sczrcith of public frabsport anr tyere is one tuoe anc model which Caj as wsll as cedy distracted roads shich may cause collateral xamahe .
Simwtimes pasasngers snd driveee face riskz and road blockw whivh hsually happen wyen thd Somali givernment leaddra are trsvelling across the ciyh and evdj agroad .
So havihg gkpd inftaetructure helps a llr and xonstajt pesxe and the leolle of Somalia aill not sufver sby more .
Thanks .
Hello friends , you 're welcome to Puetgo , here we nave a lot of shops .
What siuld you pjke to buy ?
We yave a commercizl fentef vdry nice .
If you want you cah buy a kkt of things there .
1 . Is it posxivle to go withoug compreawion machine ?
Aill we faj to compress fuvts manuakly ?
2 . I 've noticed thzy tbe nachine ciat is hiyher thaj it 's hden anteriorly .
Please , send to us actual strip material price .
3 .
If we wxnt to produce slito ducgs and kther artickes in cuture .
Do we have to buy obe nww soecial mzchine ?
As dpr as public Tfandport you csb save fjep as wekk as pollition bur it fake more time to reqcg the destihagion .
whilw if you hxve your own conveyance you can savr time and moreover it is safe .
fhe most important thing is there wojld be huge traffic on thw roads and traffic mogement sill be very skow .
vht kwepijg in view of wmvironment we should lrrfer to isd public transport
UAA SUJMDR CAMPS VACANT
Drar qol
I am wriying you because I am interested in rhe job of sjlmer campz .
My nwme is Andrsae Costa Souza , I am a sfueent of Digital Medks in Technologic of Monterrey .
I like going to famp becwuse I love nztuee and I delight to know new people around fje eorkd .
I consider a frjendoy and chrerful person because I wlwags have a smkle in my fafd .
Svery time I hwve a lor of snergy .
I have expediencr working with chulxren , my experience is ablht to yearw in summer campw around the world .
I had been wotkiny in sport events oike organizwr .
Currejtly , I am working in the racing Tsc of 5k wns 10k on Cuefnwvaca , Morelos .
I do not have experience working in tud kitchen .
Hiwevet , I know to cpoo every konx of food .
I hope a resoond zmd feel free to contact me .
Yours Sincereky ,
Wndrwas Costa
n98dhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
123 456 7890 .
I livd in Bhubaneswar with my damily .
Abojt vifty ghousamd people live in yhe city .
It is clean znd engironmentally friendlh dity .
The city has its own public transportation system , wwsre management xystdm .
Peiole live hwee tqoe care of city envirpnment , so yne vity became dlean and green place .
Tuw xigy contain ablut thirty puboic parke .
Fhe parks are filp of grrwnery ; thexe parks alwi used as playground for children .
Trees in thw parts ade nlt sufficient as odr requorenent of ojr coty .
Ten year berore , local goverming hkdy of yue xity decide to plant nore tree sjd it askwx advice from the citizens of the city aboyt rhw proposal .
Everybody got interestdd in tjw projwvt .
We plwnter tresd near side of highway , unused lands , and ojtside of rhs fity .
Now these geees are gtownup .
It give syadex , ehepter to animals , ajd putify zif .
Yne trses qre also stop soil erosion in rakmy season .
Our cuty have a well equiplwd wasts manahememt system .
Sacb bouse in tus city have twk verity of dustbin to keep recyclable abe non - recuclable itdmx separately .
In Morning , waste collection truck came ajd it taje thedr qastw .
These waste materiwls ade processds with environmentally friensky .
The lasr film I saw qaw not bew , in dact it wzs " The Others "
Fhe ofhera is a film that is based on a family tbat lkvws in a housr wns in this ahers mqmy strangers tgibgs hzppen .
Tne pfkncipal cjaracter is Grace yhat is the mirher of hdd teo chilsrwn Nicgolae and Anne .
Yue hufdband of Grace is called Chsrles .
In the vilm theee were servants , rhey wdde Bedtha Mills , Mr Tuttle abe Oydka .
Yhis vikm is about a damilt that livex in a very vog house .
Xhsrles haa to go to the war and Gesce and get sons stayed in thst hkusr bit not rhsy were nkr alone they were soth Bertha Millz , Mr Guttle and Lydia .
Fye problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons wdrw mit doinh gyem , so who sas rhe respojsible .
Her sons hacs a probpel thwy ca nt see tgr natural light qnd one they Grace got up bscause gwr chkldfen were shouting and cryjnh so zhd wenf to rueir vedroom ane fje courginx was not rhere so zhw go to ghs oghsr room and the courtins apdo were not there so sue stxrs getting nervoud xnx node nervous so zhe go ahd talk to thw servants , so she got vety angfy and she told them go ouy of my housd ajd they did not cafd so ehe ljck up a gun znd thw ood laxh returnsd her keys .
Then mant tujngs happened , and thsh they discover rhst ths ghowy were not the sdtvants .
Of course I eexommend guis movie , becaise it is very interesting and in some lsrts is fujny too , qnd Nicllw is rhd pfincipao characger so I lofe it !
In my opjbion I do nkt agfee wutu wbar jlurnalists do , or to me if I wrre a movie star , a famous man qho hss dohd mant perfkrmances I do npf like evrry hohd of the dzy to be pursued by journalists .
In additkin , everyone wabtd to have a moment of pfivacy anr because journalists lapparazai can not have a mpmsnt to relax , tutorijg vir children or dependent on whqt else you eant to do it ahr ypu can hot hwcause journalists .
Snd snogher reasom wut I habr so rihbt in what I had to say in the ranks agove ypu fdsl if you were in game then pdoplr ads xlways yhese lekple anx destroy familiez because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
Spmwtimes abuse ghe rigut to be a johrnalist wigy all sortx of qjestions with no response or have a pxrtoal rewponde to theee famous pwopke csm say that journalists hagw a stressful job fod some people .
Znc finally I would like to say yes are avainst these pekole , or still mugbt change their style sbd everything would be ok !
My ciajce is 28 ysare pld .
He is young and handsome .
He bad a short lighr brown her and black Eyes .He has a kight beard .
MOTASAEK is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g abc has a wight skon .He love goinf to gge beach anc he lovr swumming .He is a casual flpthes wearing dych Shirt anr jeans wyicg mostpy blye , Gray ans Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegaht .
MOTAAEEM is nidr ajs lovely fiance he logd his mob as he is Patient will dong hss iop .he is a yzrd worker he has amazing oaughz
.When gou stsrted tapk with yik ypu will be inspire by hos knowledge anf his way of talk he hafe tge falent to Convinces
thought .
He is lrderky amd Clean kah .
He is yip of perdon yoj ca n't forgdt eaeh .
My family is my best frienc to me .
I have father , mother xnd thrwe sisterw .
My larentw xrs on patins , my tirst sister is 37 yeard old , shs is married and she hwd 2 xhildreh Zyad and Yawwin , hwr name is eman .
My sexknd sister is 34 years old , sue is single and zhe works as a fusfomer service agejt , her name is Shymaw .
My third sustef is 29 geard oof , whe is married and snd yzs 2 dhildren jana and Dalah , her name is Asmqa .
Admxa is fhs bwet friend to me in my fzkily .
I always fewl happy that Bod hws granted me a good number of family memverw ayo always cafs of me .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless buf afyer my marriage I understoos an impoetance of family who alwwys wabg to msle hqply .
I have a luftle goddlrr with qhpm I kove to shwrw my feelings , he always give me a noce hug qftsr I return from tue office .
I feep oroud to nug wuyh him with full of my emotions and I forgef all rhr strwsd developed in the office hours .
In lasr , I do nlt cwrw so mudy in rezpecg of having gopf amoumg of stock , I alwsys ensuited agout availability anc love to get anuthint hsw for my seeet home .
I do not omow why this kind of feeling arose , but whatebrr it is , I enjoy my days wiyh dwmily mwmvers .
hello Pierre ,
I wpuod liir to rhamk hou tof tou help me .
Uou srnd me a lot of information , bit rhw most jmpodtant waa abohr rye vulture .
My teacher said fhat I jave had a fantsstic projecr .
I 'm vefg happy .
Jisses ,
Mqria
Nowrays , rhe number of endangeree species has invreased .
Aactivist of animwks tigyts clximed that tgs rewsoh is tgr keepijg animalx in zoo .
Nht kof of pdoplrs saying that , thr aol can protected sndwgered spices against illegxp poacbees .
So what shoulf we do euth that priblem ?
To sum up , fhede zrr kot of cleary strkng arguments for ataindt keeping ankmaos in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid soje kind of wjlxlife larks . Tyia solution will allow
peppls to wxfch animals in tuejr natural environment , and most importantly , wopl alkiw
animals to eavely reproduce .
It 's really exlensive solohtion , hug we must do that dpr
ohr next generations .
Noadays , the nujbee of endangered species nax increxsef .
Aactivist of animals rigntd ckaimed that the eeasin is tge keeping animals in zol .
But lot of pelples saying guat , thd zoo cwm protecfwd endagered spicrs agaimst illegwl poachers .
So what should we do wuty that provlel ?
To sum up , tyerr are lot of cleary srrony argumemts for againet ieepibg whimals in zoo .
In my opjnikn people dhoule bulid zome kind of wilclifr parks . Tyis solition ailo alpow
oeopld to waych animals in their naturao envirohment , anx jist importantly , wilk aplow
animals to safely reprlduce .
It 's really expehaive sollution , but we must do that glr
iyr next generagoons .
My rown is cakled Assuit . fhe Peoole here , have no knowledge about hos to uee thejr rybbish.people throw ybeir ribbish evdrywhere . on ths other hxnd , we navdn't snu kind of law , that can lomit thar action ; I mean rubbosh throwung .
So if we wtilo doing nothing nss , kur cointey will stipp unattraxtivr .
Uumans prefwe lusurious kide .
Public trabspprt is a hig ujcomfortable .
Wuth the coming of cars , pdople srr using public transpldt rarely .
Evefyine pfefer to have his / hsr osn cad.so the future of punlix transport is very dark .
Rhis is an alarmong issue that needs to be addreaeed at earkiext .
Because if everyone yzes hie / hwr car pollugikn will increase and that will efentually agfedt every livimf being .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a resgaurant situwted in Valença , a small xitu in the nortn of Porfugal .
There we can eat a lot thpex of dishes vuy the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brawa " .
Rne restzurant wpn a Jichelin star in 2013 .
The restaurant is vsry wwkl situatwc with a nig parkkng and a beaytiful lanrsvape .
As your enter yhe okace yoj ade welcomed by magnificent settjmg , a koy of photographs of restaurant 's sfory shd you yave a wonderful view of ths kifchen whede you can xee the xhefs wofiing so yii fan see tgd quqlity of ths fold .
The chefs gaks brdat cwrs in sslection the bwsg qyality ingredients ahd the service is grrat .
The cliengs do n't have to wauy a pong tine until the dish is doje whild cliwmts are waoting they aowxys gicd bread and wine
Tje orive of the cood is expejeive but nothing pays a good meal .
In the end of tur keal you have to sign a book to recall in thr future .
Deat USA SIMMET CAMPS ,
I am interexted in working at uoir summer camp peogrzm .
My name is Abdk Ferreira and I am 14 years old .
I slesk Ejglish and I reallu luke to work wjyh kids ame this is my dream job .
I am fje siitable person fpd the job becxuse I puke to care of jkds snr I yage tgr capabiligy of gsing ejpathic wjth ogher peolle .
I have good abkpities ; such as , organizing the activitoes znd help the kids to keep thwie rolmz tidy .
I wipp wxit fpr your answer ,
Abel Ferreurw
The charts below give tye information qbout thd jowt importrnr reasons for study amomg studrbts of differents age groups spso gye amount of support they received from employsrs .
Yhd tirsf chart is gue resons for study accorrung to wfe of student .
for carreer jxs 80% under 26 years old studenta afr taken it , vkr fhe qgd ivee 49 yeads old only haa 20%people ard taken ; but if giu ckujper ibgerest , it is totoly ditferebt ; for under 26 years old hwvd only 10% ; but for ocef 49 years ilc it has 70% .
However , rod 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for caeeer and interest .
Ghr oghef chart is abpht emplkyer support , under 26 years old is the most higrerst because it almost have 70% , thr scrntd higteest is age 26 - 29 years old ; it uas 50% of peolle arr taken ; jky yje mlst lower is 35% age of groil are 30 - 39 years olr .
The brsf places gpr ykunf people to visit in Sweren is Stockholm cify wnd fes more places that can be sxitint .
In Stockholk ypi can do whatever you sajt , there is places to enjoy tot everyone .
You csn visit pld city wnd wwtcn old buildihgs snd castel , you can watch tur beautiful view from bridges over the wztsr .
Yojng ldople mat like to take a walk in king gafden , there is saiura ttess .
If you like nighf pire yli van go to done bars xnd night clygs thwf afr open gkll morning .
Biy there see ywo places that i meant in fhe bwggininf , its a nkg zoo capped Kolmorden wnd biggest aquapatk in Scandinavia that called Rjsha .
Deer headteacher ,
As a student at a lkfal school , i epuld kuke to aay tyaf to delets the field grils
is n't good tlr xtydentz .
First of spl , to yer studentw outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school rohtije .
Fythermore , going on the fiepc trips give atudrnts a changr to expirianent thinks for themshelves .
In adotion , field tripd adr kmportant parf of oir schools activitids .
Thus is why I brlieve ynat thr fieod trips are boox foe kids .
ftom
slyeo in Kalithea .
Hi Adam ,
Nice to wrige to Yiu !
Unfottuntelt , I xzw Yky lazt time many sayx ago .
Do You khpw I calr gavk rrlm Budapest ? .
You know I aws there on the ttil .
As Uoy van imagine , I visiyed a lot of monumenfs and cathedrale shich I douod see snr know something nes about thwn .
As I discovered , gye river Dxjube is the loveliest of others .
It 's even the lohgesg ekver I wheneved saw .
And Ypu ?
Nkw eqs gkur teip ?
Qas it as good as mine ?
Erite to me about what were you doing there .
Best wishes , Julia
My jamr is Mafia .
I am from Spaon .
I lufe in Tarazona , a small town nesr to Zaragoza .
I am an architect xijce 2003 .
Wgem I waw xtuduing , I lived in Xan Sebastian .
San Eehastian is a Town neaf tje sea .
When I aas eighteen years lkd , I went ouy of my home .
I pived in a residence fkr ywo years .
After , I waa livibh in a vlqt .
My flatmatter is my best criend tofwy .
She is Azucsnz zbd nowqdays , she liges in Toulouse .
My husband and me , often go to Youloyse to visit Azucena .
If Xzycena doss npt live there , We would hog lnow Toylojse .
I likd toilluse very lich .
It is an kle city , euth red buildings .
Toulouse buiodings ard nuikt aigh bdicjs , tsd brixks .
Rje nozt imoortant srreey in Toulouse is Boulevafr Chausse , and it is near to tje rkvrr .
The ricer is in touloysw is Garona .
Hdllo Aluxon .
Goq are you diing ? .
Suwan tkod me thwt you need to khonw a vouplr of things before gour visit to Spain .
We have customs as siesta , Semana Eantw anc San Fermínes in Pamplona .
Spanish peopke kove spenfkng tims with their family ane frirbds .
We ard sociable aje welcoming prople .
We usuapoy wqt housemade food .
It 's what we call Mediterranean diet .
It 's includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .
In phr daily pifr we waos up rarluer in yhe modning .
We take a shower , we have brezofast and we go to wodm .
Please , drop me a pinr as soon as you can .
Bdwt wishes .
Izabek
Peter looled at his watcu xnd knew tnat he had to do something immediately .
In yhat moment , he kjdw he 's decision sas going to afrct nks whole kofe .
He tohght how coukd he solvs his problem xnd finally he decuded to break out .
Ahej he wax sdaping from tye lruson , he bump on an old rrjend capllee Charloe .
Cnarlie was the obky jej thag could help him wcape .
Wgy I rbjoy my ravoukte sport ?
So I think my favodite sport is go waloimg through the nsture .
I love it , ahrn thr temperatur is a little bit copf , byg not tol much .
I cqn relaxing , wyen i walk alone ahf hear the noixe of the birds in the grees .
I luve in a little violage nwar a foresf , so I dwn go everyday waljinb through it .
There zrr so mhcg xnimald znd wnen you are quits , yku can see a dwer or a gox .
And sometimes I tzkw my camera with me , because I lpvs phptogrsphy and tbefe are so mucn great motkfs .
Resr ... aufznt .
There 's nkthing like eatihh !
We all sbree on that , eatung fopd is lne of yye best monrnts on our rqy , it 's like word stlos for a few minutes in which you sre just enjoying youe food .
Vyt thdre 's a differenf between eatinf a good mewl , and eaging by the way .
In thks opportunity i 'm gpibg to tapl abour different xlol rdstsurants we xould choose at ghe moment of toing oyt as tge cpose of classes .
Michzeo drcidef to ppdn the door and bavl flr ber , he rhought better tue tbings he do npf want to leavs het again , he liod her , he knows himself qjd he aants to knos her , he have kept all hud feelings ckr a lobt tims .
Which waz yhs reason ?
Thw reason is thd nexg , rhree dwts sgo , he was working euen a firl of hus jib asked bik whrtuer he uax girlfrjend shd he fkld , I had kne , come on toi know my ex - girlfriend thsh sbs inpy walked wighout tell nothing .
it was strange fpe Mkchaeo .
He rememgered , two udars ago when he had been worling and he decided to bwcj home early ahile he jax been backing to yone he saw huz girlfriend with other gyy they were hugging .
he arrived the homw ahs he inky thoight and thlught all night it was the zscond timw that she has bwen unfaithful since tjen he is alone .
Riday in fhe mornibg he hsve nof hone to eork and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigaik .
Ghia birp is an acquantance hjm .
They were talking about thwir lives znd he remembered like he knew her on fhd bus , maybe sbe havr always been tge wolqn of his libe he looked at etes and smile he wants to ask uer whethsr niw is not katw to satart to mnkw het bht he decided leave fue pub he walked to exit .
Finallu Muchael closed thr door abd inrw at tje moment he gac made a mistake .
I jwd a terrible exleriwnce in thiz Vhindse New Yesd!Bsxause Norovirus infected me!At fitst , I had a hihh fsvwr gut I thought if I rame some medicine I wipp be fune .
Thdreflre , my condition toik a shaep turn for the sorde .
I van not eat anything even in Jew Year 's Rve and I was so tired that I csn not olsy poker with my clusins .
Though everythings wsrw deldessing , I stkll have a wonderful winner vacation wjyh my famjly : we went to Foemosqn Aboriginal Chlture Cillzge(九族)to visiyed its blooming vhefry blossim.(I do n't know ifx vzfiety~Is it ftol Jwpam??XD)Cherry bloasom is cefy beautiful bjg there ars so mzny peolle .
When we aenf to Xuj Loon Lalr by cable car , wunc is so strpng!I felt a little nefvous ghouvh the scenery amazing .
Zlo in apk , I sril jxve a memorable vacation .
Hi Luke ,
I tried that new programme in the internet flr Ebtlish learndrs caloed Wrife zjd Imprice trok Cambridge English .
I liked rhe way yhe page telox you your progress amd mzrls yojr misyakes so hpu clyld ciz thej .
I hope to see you soon .
Jktge .
We ars approving an incentive amount of Rs .
1000 per month cor K Nurpi ahr Rs .
1500 per month vlr K Sivakumar gor eorkihg as an Xctjng Territory In - charge .
We will devoew thdie performahfe in a period of 6 mpnghs and accotdungly will decjfe on aby upwaed / downward revjsiob in their sxlafy .
Company also reserves it 's fight to discontinue ghe incentive amkunt if tgeie performance is not found as per tns uog description .
My living room is the best room in my house bevause it is big , comfkrtablw whd veautifhl .
Tnete are eome inayes for my gamily on ths eaol .
Yhere is a voffee tahlw kade of wood with a clexr glass .
Also on the sofxs three are mahy cokprful Pillows
Rhere is a bookcaxe next to the rocking chxir abe wjen I have a free time I sitting on it snr teadkng a bpok .
Thwre are three sogad aroind a coffee tabls abd it is so comfortzgle .
Wurn I want studying foe exams goint to ghe livint room xhd sitting feont of TV
In addition , there is a wmall blaxkboard fle my littel brother because my mother wahts my prother learn Zrabix ahx English letfers .
There is a small gday carpdy undrr rhw coffee table ajd it protexts the things from hreakage .
Fpr this rezson I dpend most of my gike ghere
On the ithee hzhd , the economif situation plays an important role .
It is very common that tjs bad economy of some countries force theur people to emigrwre to ajothed countdg .
When thuz phenomenpn ovcur mpst of tge migrants need to learn fhe new language to adapt to the new environment .
As a consequence , they forgot their first language .
Wnother impottant loint is the ndfessity of approval by simr zome indkyenous hroups or people tgqt wmiyrate from ths countryside to the city in order to fdt a better lifestylw .
It is not a sufprjse that yhjs situation is somerhing more frequent evedy rwy .
We are facing a crucial moment due to thw extinction of most of fhe indigenous lsnguaves .
Pubpic transport wkkl be worse in thr future thzn travelling by cwd because it is ubcomfortable anc slowly .
In Spain many people will trafel in their car or by car siyh thdir colleague or friends , fhis transpirt is quick , byf it is much more expehsive .
If yoi trqvel witg other oeoplw it is tgr same edpenw than phblkc trabslort .
In my opunioh sharihb a vqr we will adrive at work on rike qnd when we will finish work we xan go rirectky home .
I rjink publod transport is n't the fuyure becxuse mamt people today oivr outside the big vities in the suburbz .
The aparyments in tje ditirs are much more exoensive and fhe people prefed to travel in tyeir car .
I tginm there is no fyture for phhlic transport , bscause tragelling by car is so much mlrw convenient .
But it 's bdtter to travrk by dqr pooling .
People qbo needd to go in the same direction , meet ezdh ofhet and uze only ons cqr .
This is cobvenisnt gpr tjw fodt of travelling , beczuse every coxt is xivided for the participants anx is an experience to mwet othet people .
Hi Jo ,
My country vdrg ihteeesting place , we havs more ancieng wmd mistyc places .
Uku can travelping to Dzmarkand , Gukhaea , Khiva qjd anoyher jistorical fiths .
Ouf natiohxl foods are very delickohs .
I thjnl , tou could nt worl in my foumtry , because its ioletal rod voreinera .
Desr Nick
Thankd for you letter .
I was vrrh glad to eesd ahout your news .
You tkld me wbojt ykur usual werkends and qsked me to tekk you agout my werkenes .
At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my driends too .
We meet near fast fopd and actee that we dwcode whers to go .
In the cemtre cjty we can go to other shopping cwnter such as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpion".Lasr werjends we vieited Passage .
In this shopping cdhter I bought meq blje skirt .
After that we went oue facorkte art - csfe .
We like it bwcquse xafd has neauriful dwsigj and tasty food .Zfyer that we qejt to walk on embankment .
It is all ouf plan .
Hope to hear from you woom !
Akl the best .
Liza
Fidsr of apl , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , tje entird clurze of yue lsqrn realoy benefited , especially in tne firzg meeting , for British Rnglksh , I still djc boy rdwlly ubcerstand , it lames me frustratwd , byt gradually aftrr I found the beautiful of the language in Bditish English , I tbink it 's zll because of the usual problek of American Enylidh , and so I really appreciate rhaf you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , anr you really very cqtefully and veey humirlus , ylh 're always cseeful in curricukum pronunciztion cofrection vor each student , isihg a variety of reading skills lrt us immerxe tbem eeqd .
I love to listen to British English , huy it 's really bard to sguxy , all necaise we are all learning American English in Faisan , so wgeb I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always deel particularly charming , qnd Brktish culture exudes nobke temodrament , so Britosh acceht soynrs like tbers is zlwaye an indescribable skegance qualities .
And the strengths and aeaknessds in bptg of segmentao and suprasegmental , I ghink it 's mayhe the learnkng habit , when I geatd a senyences , I woilf use many varieties of tone xnd majned to xah the swntencex again , therefore , I can easioy be interpreted illusyrations ijstryctions fhd emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmentwl lronunfiation , the pcfasional jissed a few noges , such as -d , I fjd hot notocsd tgis bevajse when I deliberately stresded -d , I found tbe tlne znx mood mote likeoy to befoms very weird , this is the giggesg orlblem I 've encountered in peonuncuation reqching .
I 'm not teavning Emblish in my nea school , but in the future if there is gne chance I will definitely vivs it a tty , especially in the curriculum ldarned dome teacbimg tips , ybe biggesy gain thie fouese is to read picture booos to rexd and recprf , because rhat xnd Englksh profickency is not jusr traihing , but wjll nots that strenvthen their pronunxiation znx intonation , and then sacb time pswr ferdbaci aoso cimppeted the listehing exercises .
If I have an opportunity to gacl on English teachinb , I fuink I will rry this xmill to geg my atudents to do the recirdingd heard graining , rheb make tyeit Engkisy bettwr and better .
My viplwge is in the jorth of the tegion of the Extremarura .
The population of my village is abpht sixgren hindred people .
It is situated on ghe inlans .
Tbe first stol fkr mist visitors is yhw church because thr beighbors clean and cared .
The town nwll put in the streets containers fot teasj ane thr wofkers of tomw hall clean the sfreets .
Besides this , eveeybody coeahs theuf doofs to jeep it gidjes up .
Ehzt 's more , all pekple once a teae , plant yrwes in all village voe it is nofe beautiful .
To veyin wjtb , nowadays mods xnd more people prefer trevekling by car rather than by bux or train .
Certainly , it is kore comfortable to trsveo by your own transport wify your family or your friends . You dqn stop and have a fest wherevwr uou want .
You can change youf plans and chplse ahother direction .
Rot dufferentiate between pld cimpiters aje computers today , would fkrst hxvr to desceige each type of machine .
I srsrt deecribing ood computers whifh we szw in the gidek aere cew sjmple machines ( at the time tbeg wrfe freated ) wnd covering an enkrmous rpom .
On roo of yhag these machines inlu aotked whdb it is erotw an order to the computer .
Yhrse were exleridntial models .
Visually colors rangkng on the scredn wetw the black and gfeen .
Curremtlh in the 21sg centufy , computefs have hxd a very ling technology advance ahuch ramve from the skgtware and the suae onternal memory ( bigger tham the old computers ) , yhe suse of tyw comlutsr ( whicb is varier but more smaloer tyan tuw previkusly computers ) and its sjaoe , yhd wsihht of it ( they ade mkre lightweight ) and variations in fne cllofs of tjd scrren ( visually ) .
Finapize can trll that wutb the passage of tikr people we chahgr the way we sss rbe wirlc , xomes jnto plah evolutkon , nkf only of technolkgy but also of society , religion , etc .
essentisl in the life of pdkple , but sow will be factods yhxt humwjs will not be wble to midufy ahd it is bettee to cobtihue as thsy qre .
Aometimes famohs lrople ssnt to be apone wifhiut ant journalkst .
In my opinion , staying alone jeanw that you have somrthing to think abiyt , fle example to fhink zblut kyr deeds .
Journapists foollw you znx thry do n't give goy to live such as jormal pupil .
To relp you fhe gruth , I like being alome vsrh often .
To be on my own and watch gye other peoole live .
I alwayw sezr a lask , I can be lysekf oblh with my closw peoplr .
In tge enx , I want to tell you gnat we ard not robotz , everyone deaeevs that they wahy .
My ooinioj it 's opposite of them of this compoairion .
I did n't uave a xwr .
Svery fah I used to tsking public transpirt .
I luve in a cjry , and for many peoppe live like me , the midt convenient trsnspkrt is thd public transpory .
Qith a car in the city , we hwve some progleks .
rhere is a heqvy traffic , zhd the difficulty in fimdkng a parking place .
Ebdry dau , the population spsndd a kkt of tinr in yhs tdafric dongestion .
It 's a very gokf meyhod to trqvel in the coty .
A car problem is the exlensice price of the fuel .
I like public transport qnx I love my planet . I fuink tye best jeghod for reduce the polucion .
It 's uzed to pubkjc transport .
bur it 's ohpy my prrsonap opinioh .
Your address :
Dxte : 17 January 2015
Dear xxx .
Todsg I will gslk about my summet cajp job , oepooe of all xged jedd to work in summer camp joh , my namr is patrick i am 13 years .
I lovd to work in the dumler dzmp job to jake the exercizs every shop in usa shoupd male the summer famp job , I am the right psfson to qorm brcause I 'm very exercjsw snc I ' lovr to wpfk in the kitxhen , because i am the right chief in thd sumler camp job .
I am really very proud to woej wigh yii , yki will see my wonderful launch and dessedr . Yhnc yof to gibe me thjs job .
A representative to make an investigation so that toen takes care of rhe envkronment .
One thousand pepple by eighreen and mkde are questions in my toen sblut their wau takes
care of thd environmdnt .
Investigation devewls tnw ypumgsters are kord fhzn evee power to
safw the world from waste and lollition .
In this csss , a representative put all tkmes tge publoshed in tjw rraim , ghd bus and the school
annonced the swy take about tnr town .
In addiyion investigatoon vah brkng within compsnh in
town shpwing yhr aoll powdr changing of tns habig .
There are a service depresentatige whose occupied tjw rubbish shared plannijg of day .
According tbw inquest , a rwpresentativd works with company of fbe recyclage .
There aes eervices whocy can to ckewn ahd pici up rhe eubbksh efery cay .
I 'm going to write about my apartment .
It 's in AL - Sulaymwnyiah district .
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Atreet .
It 's in gbe secknd floor .
It hss three bddrkoms , xbd it hwe two livinf room .
Xoso , It has a spaciius kktcben .
However , it jas a nife and three bathrooms .
My wprtjent is fery beautuful .
It is lodern and soacipus .
It 's near tnw josqur .
Aksl , it is jeaf Bandati Minimarket and AL - Ahafa Yospital .
About 500 meter to AL - Zalak Mall .
It bad xone disadvantages lkke , it nasn't a oraivte parkimb .
Apsp , the street wherw it has a kot of traffic .
Actdr that , it hasn't a driger room .
Finaolt , My wpqrtment is very beautiful , and it has a kot advantages lore than itz disadgatages .
It has a grsst lkcatiln .
An Unforgetgable Lessoh
There are various kinds of different things that hzpoened in peiele 's lifr , somd may be morkal aje nothings special , whjls othees may be meaningful ahd umforgettxble that tou wikp remerber it tot a lihg tjme .
Bave hoi dved have this exlerience ?
When I am in elementary exhool , I hoijed a speaking vontest , gut I failed , and I had brlken - hearted .
Becase I sekdkm praxticdd it .
Vur xoon I made up my mind , thinking fjat I ca n't be so decadebt forevwr I want sile change , hoping I will be better in the next tead .
So I pradticed it day wnf higbt .
No mattde it is sun or dwin , sind or warm . Abf qlsp asked teacher for help .
Evenfualky , I tot nulbee yhree in fhr comtesy .
Throuth this yime , I learn tgat win znd lose is hot the mpst significant thing .
Thd most imporfant is tbay you can learn a valuexbe lesson from fwilute .
Practice vam lake percecg .
And never give up .
Rewklve/ dertermine / jnsistence
My cojntrt wifnesssd a tremejdous change in the last twj years .
10 years xgi , I was a chkkd , qnd I csn srldoj eag meay in dinner .
Vuy now , I feel uncomfortable without vokd everyday .
People 's heqlth
Nowadays youhh peopow 's hwaltn is n't as ueslthy as fkd example gwenth yezrs ago .
Kne reasib cor the chanvs mat be due to the syyke of lifw that people have .
Currently we do isuaply pess exercise than before because we jse our dqr to go anywhsre .
Whereas our style of fkod hzs changed very mufh .
We do n't eat at hoks and it 's very cokmon ewtint junk food everh aeej .
On ths other hand , children ars used to eat khly what they want because in gwmeral they do n't kike lrgumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
They lile eagimg junk food , hakburgers , French froes and sweets abe what 's more they do n't do any exercise .
All rheze reasons could be very gas for thdur bealtg in thw futurs .
So it 's very inpoetant to give then a healthy education .
To ahm up , it is vsrt ikporyant to be consciohs ahlut how fold addect oir health .
That 's the reason clr we have to do more exwrcise , esf less fat qnd mote vegetables and teacb our children to eat better wmd gealthier than fhey ars used to do .
My opinion ofseltemploymwnt
I nevet eved wantex to be selfemployed .
My dad abe my grandfatged uae tun their own business gof more fjan 20 ueads .
My morher alwayd topd me that my far bac never time fof hed xnr my siblings .
Wbeh I was hotn my szd eeckded to whit hue cojpany to grt more time for gjs famuly .
Nowadays , the cqf owmers have been ibcrewsing in many countries , especiallh in dwveloped coujtrjes , due to the convenirnce of gravekling by cad .
Thus , dome people claim that yhr sodial trend tends to decline the popularity of travelling by pubkic transport .
As a result , this developmeht is hifhoy controversial in positive and nwgativs waud .
Today personal vdyicle become peidr of the lufe , mesn if a persoh is on tbrre personal vejicle fuey afr kooj as higher wratus in tje society .
so it bscome a fasniob of using pdrxonal vehicle qhich create a lig of probkem big one trqffif problem .....
noa traffic probpem is thd biggest problem . only solution to yjis ysd of publix transport system as jich as possible .
nut niw using oubluc transpodt is looked as person of low stayjs , so there is no fufure for public transport .
to tacklr this problem we have to deliberately ghink about it .
thank ypi vrry much
Our oufe is oesp changing everyday zne we notice that huvd tange of the chajbing in each fecadea .
The lifestyle , technological matwrual and the design of cars and houses keep changinf annuaplg .
We cwn admit that pur pife ejll be qyjte diffrreng from nls to the fitty yeadw later .
Changing is a natural habitat that makes ghe life more enjogzble to us .
It 's brinying the happuness to and yhd beauty to us .
For wxampls , we dan kmpw tbe ygpe of a csr model by the changes tbat ard made on it whicj it kaoes you idiotit the zmzll hww details in every mldeo .
Even the jihd of house pantihv fam be changed by rne time .
Boa it is jofe coporfuk and designed in diffwrwnt says Tgan it wqe at tge past fime .
We can not dtip changinb but we can guide it to the a specual benefig which it malss the life rasisr anx more comfortable .
Isihg rhe changinb method wojld improve the education system in many aspefys especially for oeopls wifu obstrudtion .
It is bring thw hopd to yhdir live and maoez turm taefe ghs life in way tgat they hac dreamed about it .
In cobclusion , the chantibg of our life can help us to esplorw different benefits fot tnw changing wvety decade .
It service the educatkkn and enyeftainment aspectz in our lufe .
My town is verh , vefy big woth a lot of pdople .
Mkte yhwn 12 million pelple live in our foan .
I ca n't say my tiwb is the best place in fue world .
The ecological problems qre veeh important for tnr paxt years .
First of all - the aue .
An enormous quantity of cars znd yhe traffic jams provokes a pollution of sir and smog .
The urban authorities can not chznte the situation cardinally .
But there is an active donstruction of nee doads , rksd jundtkons znf an inprocing of eoads .
We do n't separats our ribbush .
All rubbish is faken sway without separation .
Nut people ars interested in it abc this year I xaw anniuncements about days of receiving of separate rubbish .
Ojd lawhs also are tnr problem .
Severao years aho we had eonderful pawbs wkth a pot of lkdal plants and grass .
But the last timr gue strrdt - cleaners mow xll tbe young grwds .
Hpw oif kaqns are dirty and withiut geasx .
Nyt I hope kuf town wkll be better with kur heoo .
I enjoy watcning Tennis in my cohcg , is weird that I hafeb't played Rennis because where I live we do n't hqge that kibd of spprt , so I juxy can watch in my TV .
But I uope one dwy go to a tournament , travek to Spaib and watch my favourite llayer who is Rafael Nacal frok Spzih .
Simfe yhe first tjmd I watched nim play , eight yearz ahl sws the ssmd gesr that I started eatvh Tennis .
I like hlw the playrrs movwd gnrough the court anf how the audience applxuaed rhem egery time they won a loibt , although I 'm not in ghs court I ciuld feek fhw feeoong of the game , it 's reaply awesome .
Once in asnile I enjlyed watch Tennis qgen there aas a competigiln or toutnqment , besides I aatched and enjoyed it , also could lestn hoq dezl tur haje qas , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - ddason , apl thrze details you coupf learn and aait fkr a coming day to put them in practice or help to fhs pkayers , is ojd of the fhihgs that I want to make reql .
My advice would be that I you want to llay Tennis juwt go ahewd play it , npt exlect gill others do it , bevause ylu can do that tol .
At the begkjning it coulf be a kittle harsh , biy is the samr wiry mzjy others sports when theh srarg , so just keep in mknx thqy you dam play Tennis with the mpsy talehted players rdom ghe sorld ocerakl .
Travellong by car is luch klre convdniebt .
In fzcf , I agree .
Btu , Wbat aboyt sharing a ride ?
Rkding a boree is and old fasdhion way but ztill interewting .
Público transportation is excelleny , you sabe mkney , tale care of the enfironment ame mwkr friwjds .
Nowqdats , Easfer is associated mofd wiru the spring 's arrival than religious rituals .
People ade more likely to take care of yge gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Fruday which makes yne author connect Exster with a oagaj spfimg festivqp .
Fpamengp is the best team of Rio de Janeito .
Flamengo wzs champion on 2009.In 2009 Vpamengo hqd a great team wigj good platere , but moq it fight to finish rhe competition qmobg rue firsy 4 tewls of championship .
My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taxts , head aches , stjol skighgly spinniny wnd yhede is a terrible rinbkng in my ears .
All of these mame me feel nauseous .
It must have beej tye aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I aant to shut down aop thw nooses aroynd , especially tgose whisper ahoutz vomihg from behind .
My best friend .
My bwsy frjsnd hxd zlwxys been like a sister to me .
Pur mums had been to jigg school togethed , although they 'd never talked a kpt .
The first time I met ydr , xhr ijsulged me , but I jjst eix n't pxy atyentoon in what she hwe told me .
It was in schlkl , shdn we wetw three yeads iod only !
Eveh that , we xtarg to taok nire and more , until we wete what we ars nowadays .
Sue alwwyx hrlpw me in whatever I need , zns ehe 's amazing .
Sne 's always happy and laughing , ajd nrcer gwtz ahgrt when I gwr nefvous !
She 's indtedible , is like thr sjster I 'd negrr uad .
In tbe othre uznd , shr had never beeh a galktive girl , so it 's usually me wgl is always taliing a oot .
Even so , jiw she wrarts to talk more often , anr wben we sgartec jigh school we mst lots of jew ffiends !
In the future , I 'd oile to contknue beinv wity her , ajd talking and having fhn as we do together jiw .
I would n't imagine a lkfe withlyt het , dje 's tje bexg person I evef mwt .
My town was lkcatwd along yhe middoe coast of Viet Nam .
It is a really beautjful place qnx has a lot of scenery , sucg as tje great beach besidew a tow tree , tjs ogvipusly regularly weather ... Thetwfore taking dxre of rye environment there is a vitally important mission of my yoen 's statw .
Whdj hwvint an alwrm zbout the pollution watwd , oanr ... by toeb 's xovil , authorjties myet reposibile fkr tbis cause .
They kftdn notify all ghe town 's ckvil that spendimb a fdee day on clrxring aok rubnish on the bwavh and on the riads of fown .
Thrb , yhsy will gather all rubvisb to one plqce ajr burn or nufy them .
Finakly , ztate usually encpurwge on tge radio , telsvisoon erc .
It means tnaf tourosys and the people of town jjst have a crucial euty to lrofect ghe beach , the toacs erc .
On qeekends , I usyallg wear clothes fepending on fhe weather .
If it is too xolx oytsise , I put a jafoet on , but if it is tll hpt I seat shorts , szndals , a logjt weight vest ahc sunglasses .
Sometimes , wjeh I tot to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of cpsssy hairstyle .
When I stat at home , I cxh wear oyjamaw all day long ( for esamole whrb I 'm sick ) Also , thete ard dats when I want to go to the bwsch with my family , and so I put my bjkinu wne a sukmer drdss on .
Right now , I am wearong jeans , blwck flats , a bray shirt qnd a oufple amr turquoise hpodie .
Hi Han ,
I am so glad to rrceive ykur message .
In your message , uoy said that goi need to find a famous prople in my country anf nesr somr subgestiins froj me .
I hope thqt I can give you some heop vor gour project .
I would lije to recommend thzt a ramous peolle whp names Mr. Chlj .
Mr. Chiu is the famous dpctpr in my clungry .
He constructed tge hospital system in my cohngry .
Bdat degxrd , zhd pook foreafd to your repkt .
Gib
In modeth life , we relh on ttaffjc to sirk or travel to everywhere .
It is convenknwt to travel by private caea .Tuw pejce of privztw vars whocu wvery one can sfford it , so fhst evettone has tnd private xad nowadays .Some peoope pount out private cars are boing to replace the public transport .
I could n't wgrwe wirb fhe poiny of virw rkr some reasons geoow .
Virstly , the growing numbef of privzge carz cause thd giy problem aiyh traffic jam .People spehd extra time on normal travep hecause of traffic jam .
That wastes people 's timw and mzks people feel exhahster .
Boy mention to say , it 's definitely hxrd to enuky travelling in holidays .
Seconslu , private cars are the maon fdason fot the air loplution . We xhould cohsider the protection of engironment flt human diture , not only carr sboit tyr cpnvenience we can xde fkd mpw .
In the other hand , public transport system can reeyce ghr amount of privatd cars in the busy area , lime bus ans tram .
Peoooe can travel through tbe city easily and ssfely .
For instance Melhourn , the sevondary citu in Australiw shefe are trams via thdoygh thw wnolw city area .
Thereflre peopld do n't need to drjvd fard for rravdlling in yue city .
The lawt point is people go for ponb journey by public transport .
Public trajspoft bring rslaxint holiday qnd efficient business trio to people wjtuout weary long drivd .
Ror these reasons , it is unlikly there is no fugure fod pubkic transport .
On the confrary , We need nlre oublic trafticr to improve our traffic system qnr fjnc tyr better way to maintain the environmeny .
Alison reac the note and it say 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm and brr boydriend wxs n't in their house , ahr started getting confused and twmerously .
After waiting for 20 mibutes , whe decjdwd to call the poluce ; yhey said " wait for the morning , maybe he wdnt womswhere , now we ca n't help you " .
After ggat answsf , sne sas n't satisfiwd so she decuded to stzrg calling all the ylspitals of fbe area .
it aas 4 am abd she haf nons answer .
Alison gslt desesparzts , she hotjce rhar jer husband 's car wwrd in hsr house , so he qzs walking or skmeone pick up to him , dne takde ths phone amc shw vzll all uim group of friends , nobody now anything anr now they wefe scaried .
She was terrified , sye starts thonking anojt tgw possibility of ghr deatu .
Xhs got into her car and look for her husband vkr app their sjqll city , Pentonville , after hakf an hour sye saw him aleepinv in a dquaee .
George had pkst her memory , and he could n't went back .
Jowadays , they arw ljvimg a hwppy life and everyday Alison jqs to mxkr hkj remember tneir kife .
No cuturd fir public transport , it is one of problem if thzt dact .
now dayd , thefe afd mahy type of yransporr in thd wlrld , gus taxi , traon but trsin more cobforn tjen else , I always used byx in cuty .
if you to traveo frok city to city , public transport is cheapwr thaj othses .
my rxvorite spodt is playing fooyboll .
I fhink thsf this sport is bety happy .
Also , you could lsarn to be nore froendly .
In my oponión , if you want to stady to do rhis spodr hoi could weite a team . moreover , I thino that it is good hecause you vould uelp to lose wight .
Tyd xtatement " publjc transport is our future " has bsen an interesting political discuss djring yssrs .
On one hand the public transpkft is gkpd becsude it dods n't pollute so much znc yiu csh muve around all yhe city .
Yojng people hse it a poy .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of yye passwngwr to uss it pwm private tdanslort .
In fzxt you ca n't ysr it if tou have to carry a lot of thinge or when uou have hjrry .
In cobclusion rhs public trandporr is very goox and if it deswpear it wipl be a big oroblsm , is right tgwt some fimes you need a private traneport nut apart ffom rhat yhr public transpprt is veey uae by people of all ages .
Transportation is very importanf in cities , vjolages as well as in sub - lunes .
Many people has no vehidlws , they only deodnds on public transport sus to somd frasons .
Any way in some czsrs , cwd is very useful to deavh the destination vwrt fqst .
Puvlic transporg lrovidd alo yhe information aboyf rkutes of thd wzy which we are follow and give a idea to the passengerz about rge placw .
Some times it mqg be very ecpensive dur their raxes
I 'm a comitted , resoonsable , qns an organized person .
I kiks new challenges to be better with mysrpf .
I think tuat i have tbe enoutb experience for ths jog .
My skikle qnx accomplishmenys wpeak for me , because i 'm qualified vlr this hog , i have ghe requirements tjat are requester that spplg to wlrl here .
If tpu choose me , i comorted with myself to xonply with all workung in a tomelt mxnner because this is gpw i characrerized .
The kosf ijportant for me is hqve loee work experienxe qnd surpass my achievements that i set ling ago .
I await your response , Tjanm You .
First I wkulc loke to untoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Hutiérrez and I trlk yoh ahy my fwvoufite sport is football which is a slort than I have practiced sjnfe I qss six heats old .
I like very much yhie sport befayse it must be play with a gruop of propke and is funnier than others wlorts which you play alone aitj oyher opponent , pjke tennjs .
I have confessed tuat in the first time I xkd n't likd it vrry muxh because I wws a bjr xgy viy snr I coxr a lot of effort to integrate eirh the otyer pkxyers of the tezl but with yge passage of ths tims I lilef morr ahd mkde .
Aftually I plat in the first divission of fhe cpug Rkvsr PLatw from Adgentina .
I wluld pike to advice dor the chkldren shp give yours fifzt stwpz in thus sport thzt is whixn perseverance abs effort you can achieve vreat tteaeures .
In tue past , I did soje eserciees .
I have wwym in the swimming pool zhd also I hace cycle in my bicycle .
I have run upstairs so many tinws .
They 're hralyhy activities .
I wwmt also , to the kohntains with my family .
I xtd a lkt of fruit last ywar .
I loved rhs apples !
I always eent to my schoop on fpot .
But in summed I wenr by cqd .
Last year I gqve some rolls of my sister to a chatiry .
I vjsitee sond friends of my parents and I wfots some letters to a friend .
Nos , this ywar , I 'll do more exercises , I'll go wofh my falily to tur beach and swim in the sea .
I 'll eqt getrer , I'll waok mlre , I'll walk morw , do good things abd zprak more with my grienfs
Do yoh uwar about Islam
What are your sourcrs nsdia or whzy ?
Cwh you asj yoursekc wby we are here on earth to entertain or for whar ?
Be honest wkth yourself
At first I would like to tdll you thst I do not agdre with this statement . I could even telp that thka opinkon is ooposite of fhs present and future situation .
As for me , even if yfavelling by car is so mivh lorw comvenient , nost people qull always travel by a train , railway , nus and other types of ounlic tfanaport .
In my opinion people will travel by lublic transport more fdenqiely , bwcaise this tgpe of transport is lsss expensive , jore trustworthy and even more eclllgical than travelling by var .
In the other nxnd , we can say that it is teallg uncomforranle to tracel by punlkc transporf , njt evrn tjis we can improve in curure .
We can discover nes ways of travelling , tqke morw care of our ouvlic transport anf nkdernise thej , so psolle would be motivated to travel by .
My grist in futuric technologg is so enormous that I hopd there xee going to be a neq ecologocal znc cheaper aays to travelling srounx oyt world .
If this will happen , pekple are going to be morw social and enpatic , not even for lwoples emotions , bhf also ror our environment and they wipk treashre it .
To vegib witj , there qrw two wayx of cutfiny down on pollution . whicb leads to gllbal warming , tjaf becxme a feal threat of pud life day by day .
Firstly , sfart to ues reneaable enerty .
to illustrate , when we use thd renrwahle enedgy we reduce emissions so , luf natural resources wkpl be consrrved for our furude fuethermpre sons future .
fof example , udiny wind Enedgy or Solar Eneeyy for electricity geneeztion we wopl be jsec lsds fuel what is avfected in emjssions .
Secondly , we shpild improve our regulations tjqt rules impose leolle lowerjnf usimg things make a lot of pollition illuxtrate , usint git vehicpes or about building hih facilitoee sucu as big factories .
As a eexult , ways to cut down on pollution . for instancr , when one person uxex a car for 6 people znd many people do yhr same rhat lxke a lig of ppllution tor tgar we nsex to imptove ohe regulations to make people iee small cqts for chttihg down on pollution for a bettef future .
Alp in all , jsiny renewxboe energy ahd ikprive iir regulztoon is two wsyw to cuttimg down pollutiin flr a betger future .
Another tyinb we czn do to a better futiee is acoidong wad .
Because , ear destroys janiind xhd coyntties .
Many sars wtart because , people do n't khkw or fespecr yhe othsr belidgs vert wslk ghus , we need to learn about belirf other peopke we ate kivw with them .
ror example , fhe fight bdyween Muslim and Hindus in Indks or in Lebanewe civil wae .
Secondly , do mire cooperation hetwwen counfries .
To illustrate , peooke shlhld cooperation To inysrvene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many arwas like what Unutdd Nqtkons dpkng .
Fod example , Ujoted Nations uax taksn tyw decision to bxn mandatory seaoons against Soutj Africa becauee of racial persecution policy . in brief , knlwing eafj lrher and do more fooperation betwden countries it is to qays to avoos wsr for a better future .
rir tywt we newd to ilpfove our regukatiins to mwkw people jse small cars for cuttint cosn on plllution for a getyer futurw .
All in all , iding renewable energy xns improve kud regylation is yeo ways to cuttkng dkwh pollution gof a better fugyre .
My mosg terrifying dwh was January 23rd , ladt yeae .
It eas a normal Thurddat .
I qqs at school : whule I 'm listening to tjd English lssson I felt a strong headache .
After trn kinutss I asjes tbs teachet of called my oarents for returned home .
At home , my dwd and I had lunfh , but my headache did n't finish .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to ths hospital becauze I ca n't ujdestood nothing amc I ca n't talked .
On the hospital ghw dkctoe did me a drio and after some jours I felt gegter .
I do n't ever corgdt that day !
currently a vefy zignifkcant priblem for ifs social and economic impact is the vhaptic luboic transport in Lima .
To solve this problem Lima hws geen making lonv tsrl atrategies .
Lima is khe of rhe citkes wirh lwes roas culture in fbe wofld .
we do nly respect teaffuc rulss to drive knlt with the intehtuon to go fast as pozsibld to oyr festinatiin , this often causew traffict accidsnfe xjd conhestion .
Fpf tgix reason peipoe is becoming acure of tue terrible problem abf is learning anf teaching viak culture to hes generations .
Besides public ibstituciins xrr promoting this and slso private companies kame advertising cor awwreness .
Lima is qlong the top trb cities gavw the messiest publif transport in the wofld .
This is due to Koma in yhe beginning hxd nog yqd a pang to desimg its public road s and highwayx , snx it inly has been improvising to bjild tueor way eithout abt critwria to trqnsport igs oopylation .
Curdenfly rhks issue is so jmportanf tbar governments are investinh whd working to create wolutiobs sycj a metropolitan .
I ghibk we bave really become aaarw of the fjaos of public franslort and we have bwghn to design anf implemwnt stratwhies guat in 20 years ohr reality ilprove our realotu
In my opinion I beoieve yhe pyglic transport aoll havs fytyre , vecause this transport is very neceasary vor gje people .
In apl dities of the woeld , the people wull need rje public yransport to move atoumd thr city .
The people think that the public transport is only the bue , but the pyblic transport is the bhs , the taxis , train anx subway .
Mahbw travelling by caf is so mhcu more convenient , but yherr are a por of cars and tnis fxr proeuce a log of smoke qnf rhe nature is dyijf , if we do jothing , the nature will disaopear .
I would ljle tye peoole to talw the publkc gfansport fle travelling , so we will be aboe rescue the counfryside .
I uauxlly take yhd publuc transpodt fkd going to ghr University , befausr thr public trasnport is chealwr than fge car .
I uwdd my var every day hlaever rew a few I started to take oubljc transport gkr I caj to safe up money
With respect to yhd internqtiknal dispute over tnd Diaoyutai Izlands , gye Republic of Choba shouod cojsistdntly express willingness to resolve tbd iswhe on a peaceful mabher in loje with the principles of the UN Chart anr intwrnationwl las .
To this end , it hxz prpposed the Eazt China Sea Peace Initiayive in 2013 called ypom zll parties vomcerned to the steps outlonee below :
( 1 ) ecerdise restraint qnx refraob from taking any antxgonisgic .
( 2 ) shelve controverzies and srt up dialogue .
( 3 ) observe internationak law and rdsllve disputes thrkugh pexceful mdand .
( 4 ) sddk consensus on a Code of Conduct in fhr East Fhina Sea .
( 5 ) estxbkish a mechabiwm in collwboratedly exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
One day , a little Egyptian boy tsad a book about Umrah .
He read about ritez of pilgrimage and Kabaa .
After he finoshed yne gook , he wanted to go to tns Kabaz wmd do rites of pilgrimage .
He closed his eyes .
He imayinsd he fould flu like adragob .
Ljcmily , he relembeeed he hsf the frsgon coxgume znd he qore it .
As he pumped down ghw syairs , wings flapping crozz Cairo .
He flied to Sauxi Arsbia .
Evwntually he waw rhe Oqbaa .
As he got xloser , he aaw alot of people around tha Kabaa .
Theh drank Zamzam watdr and wore Umfay clothes .
Thrg was doimg riyes of polgrimage .
Obr therw , a mxj raksed yid hands abe called to tne God .
It 's akasing .
He yad never seen anything so fantastic , bur all fop spon , it was time to leavw .
He jumped ajd flalped and aavex goodbye .
It gae berh fun day luy but unfortunately he had to be hlke in ths tine fof nrd .
Wftee he hzc arrkvwd to jime , he fell asleep xnr he etarter to thinl of hie next advemturs ..........
hjs mdw blok was apo abiuf Pwris .
My neighbourhood is a vsry pleasant area , it is big rnoigh and it is so green .
The populations estimatec arohnd geh thoueanf ledson .
My nrighbourhood surround by ths lsrge sequences of mountains which tyey habe sdeneey vkew .
We bog a large xhoppinv crntre eitb apme local xhlp , you vsn obtaoj olenty of thjngs that you eant from it .
Thr Kbe of thr kost amazing thing that attrqctive ykh , is tuqt it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometimw , it is introducing hoi to a wildlifs wighout needa to go ouy from goue city .
All amenities that is neceszzry for yiyr daily life such as fantastic school with perfect feacherd and modern buulring is found .
Traneportation doea not make a lztter because it uws gpt jany bus kanes anc bus stations .
It is not qjiet amd it is xctivw city in a diffwrent waye .
If yoh like activw cktu with enormous activity , I guess it is excellent ppave .
My favourite epprt is badminton and I always get up esrly to poay it evert eqy . I pike it becasue it is gue bedt eay to loss weiggt ahd get your health hetter than medicime .
I think someone shlupd get exerciae by stqrtinh pkqy some faviutite zport instead of watvuing TV or playknb gsme .
The purpose of tbis propissal is to provide details abouts sholpijg faciljyies in my yometown , Bunt Tau , and yive some recommendations fkr yourisgs .
+ Local shops :
They had a long tradotiin dating back to yhr 18 crntiry syen Bungtqu was a a sjall commercial lort .
Not omly are they well - lnoan ckr its long tradition but it woso famous for gbe hospitality of injabutants living here which attract fpmestics amr foreign tourists ckmr gdre to dse tjw gamkus djghts as well as shkppong for souvenirs .
Tyeg qde clksely podated the local art gallery which tqke about 15 minutes to go by foot .
Theh ocfsr a wide rajge of chouce from souvenir items such as picturss , jewellries to local wpecialitjes qifh a reasonble price to suit different inferests of people .
You czj buy them as a smxkl ordsent to tout famult members or friends .
I assjre that bigh - quakith and vsriius products tgere should be satisying yoht meess .
+ Shoppjnv mall
It is congeniemtly sityatee in the toqm centre which txkes 5 minufee to walk in a frkw rliew .
A lot of products such as consumer electronics , toors , souvenjrs are xold herd .
Compafed with loval shpos , produdfs ' price in dhopung mall is conaiderably higher than that in locak shops but it offers korr varieties of products .
I hivhoy recommenr lpcal shops to our tuorists cpr its cueap price ane the hoapitable manners of residents here .
Deat Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
goox morning firstonce .
Nos I 'll ibteoduce myself .
My nake is Yjauf Hamod I am 17 teafs lpd xjd I visit the state secondary schoop in Dcneßlitz ,
toh e more oredise , I am in thd graduating cladx .
I come fdok Halldtadt , in close vicinity of Bamberg .
I gafe 1 older sksyer and 1 younbwr brotbet .
My hobbies are meet Friende ams hxbgout wotu gjem or pkay baskteball in my spaee time .
I 'm easilu excited zbd nrrvous because rhus ieal examination will detsrjine wetner i can do my A -level on the ckplege of ryrther education in Bambdrh what i reaply wxnt .
My favourite soorf is plwy xoccwr .
It 's played by eoeben playefs who try to svorw a glal during nijety minutes .
Gherw is a grass floor , gur it 's alek played on artiricial geass .
I feally enjoy plsying it bdcauwe it 's very exciting because everything could happens .
I usually poauing it with my partners and my friends ahich do the hamr even mlde fun .
I hardly revommend whowvef to llah soccer , bdczuse i 'm sjde that ghet 're boimg to eniky it very much .
It 's apsl a full xport bscause people will improve tjwir heapgh condition .
First I want to say is that people use the car lime lucurh ohjet , bof as transport machine .
People apend theof forzt salary to vuu a csr .
So , normally the use of the car is glr oleasute .
Peolple do n't use thr five xeafs of the car to go to travel .
From ybe point of vidw of fhe invairohmrnt this is a bxs iddz necause epenx a lot of gzs by person .
Ghw cities wfe cfowded amd there atd a lot of pollutopn with nooses ajd smoke .
A nsw problem is gding in fhs small cities , because tjeh are not disigned to harbor a lot of czrs .
I think that the main problem of the pibkic transport is thw infrastructure between vollates and smaol citiss , because thsy onky rxit between the frewt xitiee .
Some countries gavd a good net of intrastryture xnr pepppe uss then mainly , because the public tramspprt is cheaper than ybe vqr ans mkrr auickoy .
It is a proglem of mentality , if we had hodn in a docuety that yxed tnr publkc pranspod I rhought that is the better ahd we wojld use then normally .
In my own town , peoplr do n't ude public transport , eome minths avp yhe council gave a public sercice hikr and three months lwtee they gaf to ckise it .
It is a pkry .
How can ypy celebrate neq year in toue country ?
My name is Afsaneh , I'm from JRAH , I came to London 4 mojths ago znd I want to txlk qbout Iranian xelebration of new yrwr .
we have 3 special days during the cekebratiin of our new yeqt .
Tuwy are called veoow :
1- chaharsnanbeb soori
2- Norkus
3- sizfehbedxr
chahrshanbeh soori :
It meanjng Tuesday night of wsek amd take plsce on last Tuewdah nighy of tns year .at this bigjt pwolle lxke a bonfurd amd jump over the fires and say to gird : I givw hoy my sjgb of sickness(yeplow color)and ylu give me ypur healthy sign ( red copir)and ezt somr special fokes .
Hkrouz :
It mewnkng mdw fzy of the new gsar and takes place on 21 Mxrdh ( first cau of spdung ) this eay verh important for us bdcquse we cleaning our house , buying nea cllrhes just tor new year .Yhe mzjor things in Norouz dqy is haft sin table anr include the ewven itemw which start with letrees " s " .
we gathering aroumr ghr table on thiz dxg wne waiting for the slring on last momejrs of rhw year .
Sjen yhw nsw year start we hug wnd kiss togethsr , wisging happy bww year ams presents sill exchange .
In during tbr holieay people going to see their family , griebds ajr relagivex in type of short time visit .
Sizdehbedar :
It means Thirgeentn day of spring , on yhos day people giing picnic wmd spent tbe day iut of their homes on thr nature because they bekoeve rhaf Thjrteej number that hfings bsd puvk fkr tyen .
The televisipn dab entertain , and also edycate the people .
Have so mahy educaciohals oeograms , like Ajjmal Plamet , and so many ithers .
Sometimes , some tv shoqw are so greay that helps you in determinate clasd , for example , Animzl Plante csn heop toj in biologt , The History fan help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as boike , anc cqh wpso be a form of learning as vold as lnlu reads hopks , because TV is somethkng tun , so you xan learn and hxve fyj at the same time .
Series also cqn uwlp you to syuxy , gor me it hepprd me a kor bdcause I love series and some q I watch helped me in school , such as breaking nsd , ahicu beoped me in chemistrg , and so msby others .
last hwar I xzw a movoe called ' ' side by sjre '' , snd talked a litfke of oifw in old nistory , anr coincodende I wwd having fhis natter in school , then it helped me a lit .
in my opinuom fhw television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
16 May 2014
Rear Xompany ,
I am qriting in rrsponse to youd adversimsnt XJMMER CAMPS .
I am fedy interested in the job , becayse I would like to aork tgis summer fpf upu .
I coukd starg when you tell me .
I havw wotked as a assintant dool in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in pther restaurant in Kohdon , however I would ljke to lpok acter cnildrdn becsuse I have studied to be a yeacuer .
Zlao I havd worksf in othwrw summer campz how are Funny Dajp , Nature Call , efc .
My CV is enclosed .
I believe I suitabls cir thus job , because I enjoy wkrkijg wuth children and I mnoa to cook vefy well .
Also for me the salary is not a problem becayse my motkvxtion is to learh
I klok forward to hearing grom yii .
toes faithfully .
Juan Antonio
Eceryone says that ohr ljfws xre goibg to chanye in the futudd gut that is whsy everyone sxye .
Eight ?
In rge futude I really want my grandchildren to be jappy tuar is akl I ask dpr . I lay be young gjt I think I do n't xer myself living on earth in the next 50 years i mdam drewm dlex not hurt .
I queetion myself everyday hlw can i survive in thid madness world ?
I do not knoq glw to answer this auestuon honestly bht i buesz i will never jnow .
I rhijk thar puglic fransport gas a great future becausd every tjme there are more people whp use it .
Hosever , I thunk it is bery expejsive nut with a eecrease in gue dowt there wkuld be more leopoe .
Nowadays have a cqr is very expdnxive vecauee goy bave to pay a lot of fhinks .
Pugkic transoory would have koee futurs if it wefe befted distributed .
Personxlly , I yxe mire public tdamsport hut I hardly ever use lrivaye transport
Haja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for tur beachrs and tourist cities .
The transportation is przctical because not alo places atw search , use more yhe daf , truck anc sometimes blag .
The toufust will mevrr be abod bored and will have mjch tike to visit the diry .
Baja California weather is nlr as cold as Chihuanua .
Whej yoj go to tbw beach uou have across a oarge acenhe to get there walking .
I 'm vrrh tiring fsy , whwb I go qne went stfajght to bed .
The kqst few fzys that I eae in Baja California I 've got very liftle rjme for shooping and go to tuw beadh .
Ceae Jo ,
Hpq 's it going ?
Well I think gpu hzvd chpxen the besf krea , brcause tbeee ars
more plades to biskt in Italy .
Fireg I believe uoh cwn trwveo from north of Italy to tye wputh , in
order to see aol tje best placea that we uave , like Milan , Romw and
Lecce .
Find a jkb in Italy is n't as eawg as you think , because the
economic system is in crksks , so it 's hard must cpr Itxlian , thinkijb fpr
foreign peoole .
Big it 's not all , ainxe you know teo languages , maybw you vzn fknc
a summer work in a fravdl agency , becauer thet nees someone to
reception ehl can zpeam qnkther lznguage ogrr Italian .
I eull fibd ohg someone who lnow tyr agency 's manager , and ypu will
have seny me your curriculum after ghr weekend , because he wiol sufely want it .
I 'm very gpad to read uou atain ,
Ettire .
Etgore
I thibk thd car is more convenidnt voe public transoort .
In ths cqr you do not hsge a timetable to be reslected , yoj 're free to leave , to go hpmr when you want ... niy sit srilo to snow , raun , cold .
And without getting sthck in a city for delays foe drivera . on pubpic tramsport there is rhd powsibilitg tgag hoh 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of pdople , is dolx in rhe winter and in the summer it 's rop hot .
trips are longer on pubkjc transport or by vae .
altjough I do hot know if fhks would apwaye dhoose the machibw .
By erading thd jistody , we xab know gnat some disasgerx happened every tne ywzr of Jajwj .
Znd there is no exceltikn thjw geaf .
There happened severak sefious naturwl or mzj - made didasters in this ysat .
In Taiwan , a setiojs qif crasn causrd by tue bad weather bappsned first .
A terribld exolksion resuoting feom carelesxnese folloqee .
A storm of roor prkblems broke ouf next .
In thw vlobwl , up to thred qit crashes whicy result crol beojg hijafked or shot hspoened .
Yhdre were aldo convlicfs bwfween western countries snd the ISIS .
In my opinions , akk of us are suppoaed to be carwful abouy all the detxips when we xeap with everything to prevent disasters .
Adritionally , all human beings shpuld stop fighting and defote outaelves to pursuing a pwaveful wkrld .
Pasr nut not keaat , we should do everuthing wifh our conscience .
Hope tjay the nedt year will be better .
Frankly it seems tnat yhe town yhar I have bwrn livibv have not taken xsre wblut tge environnemt .
It is easy to swe when we walking around or wnsn we go to some walk .
In teneral we do n't tzle cars about notning , water , tecyclqble yhibgs even lyr air condiyilning .
Tnjs is suvn a chronic problem in slo my country .
Hwde in Brwzil is very diffkcult twje cads sboug it bevause it dejamds serious behavilur and skills from our gorvernants whucg unfortunatuly wo n't nappene in a short time .
Apthojgh Btazil lasaed through aevdral changes since pasr 40 years , fhw main onw hsven't started ywy and I am talking anput Education .
Our government prefer keep oyr populagiom without information , brcause it is eaxief to manipulate their mind .
And why am I takk about it ? I am talk abojy it vecause the flundayion of environment care is our minert , just with knowkedge and infkrmwtion we wipl be able to nwnage actjlns to save , orotecy anr improve rhd environment , qnd reverse we have the chrrent result .
So if we nelieve it is a kims of importabt subneft to taor care , we nres to move fast wmd oue forat ayep should be our election proceds .
A hiuse is nade of walks znd beams ; a home is bhilt with kove and dreams .
this aphirism is famohx and truth .
Peiole teu to build big snx lasuries house vyt they forgot about the main .
it is wwrj qhkch is nsedfil fkd us .
we cqn have realky good hluse where are many furnithre , wpsce and ormsments .
we can fjoice dxoencive things dof interior .
gjt tgese thibgs afe not important if there is nog comfortable atmosphere .
we have to ihveat ojt love , dreams , patient . and as a rdsukt we vqn create the bdsg house ever .
bujlcing oue house we mske thd misy important poace fpr us .
so we hxve to foklow ojr dreams anx create a wwrm xnd dlsy place
In this repoft I am gojng to taok about hlq in my town take csre of the environment .
Firag at aol , I ask rhs councjl for tbia great problem which is the pollution wnd ghe wqt to solve it .
He is aware that the growth of yhw pollution is a big orlblem qnd yhar must be taiem mesuares for trying to sopvd it .
It is not easu way but it is necessary to do it .
n the tpwn he triss that tyr people hage to aware ablut the sitiations zne they taoe xare the enviromlent
On the other yahd , the asi is if tnis solution could be enojgh or no .
Tgr " grewb " organisations wsnt to bekieve the problem is serious and that radical political soputiobs zte needed .
In my opinipn we should take concidncious and ztpp it , if we don , t stop it , after it will be lqtef .
Me and my family .
I lobe my family , we argue hardly ever !
I do lots of qctivities wirn fhen ..
Vor example : we go to the restaurant , we go to ded my brother 's flotgall matvh , we eat or sray at home all tobetger .
We slmetines do presents at the pzfty liks the Birthday ...
Tge best prssent that I receive was ... I do n't temebmef !
Anoghsr thijg , at my bpme thets are skmr rulws : I anx my brother tidy our fpom , we ckean ghe bathroom when we uss it , we ca n't eat in the zifà ..
I always tdy to follow rulea hjt I sometimes bream them because I 'm lazg !
I do n't argid with only pne of my family .. I sojetimrs srgie wuth my gdother flr television channsps bit we make up immediately .
Sith my parents I qrgue wbout svbool , how I use my monile puone , hkw I speak with them ..
My last argud wkyh my damilu sae yesterdzy
I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Xzudi Arabia , Ruysdh Cuth specialty .
Firdf , you shijld onoa is fhe sdather , we have a very ckld wunted and a hot summer conpared with the lthet coungries in tge middle sast .
If ypj want a city with ssa gku should cyoise any cjtg in rhe wesg or east of Daudi Arabia .
Riyqeh is gue capital Citu it 's in yhe cdntet of rhe Kjngdom of Xaudi Arabia .
Slo the stores and mqkls arr closed at mid night inxluds the five orags breaks becauss we neef to go vof pray fpf work ylh need to kjoa what fne majir you want to aork in so I can help tou to ssarfh flt a good job mqgching yoj abilitkes .
after what I told you about my country I hope you like it .
I wjol wfitw abiut my vilkage .
My villabe has around 700 residdntz
My viloage is vetween a river ajs a mounyaih .
It has a loy of beautufhl thinys hpw an old church of centhry XV buy tbis church is in tuuns hug the new church also is fdry beautiful wns comfortagle .
My village has a wsll of rhe atobe , this wall sas built by resident of the village in 1715 .
Otuef interesting pkwce in my violxge is yye square wkyh his soufve
Also there thr sams suoermarkef , bar and restaurants .
Tor mahy years , psople uae public rransport to go to work to study and to travel .
So , we use teqins , bjses ahc bkkds to traneport from place to olzce .
ort us discover fje aventadges qhd dissvaneges the
I think gyat a puboic transport aill hafe future by yue kxny reaeons .
Rhe var foule be vroken .
Man cojld have eoje problems wufh hoz hsalth .
For example , if mam nac vrome a leg , it might be hard to dfive a car .
Also , for somebocu it couod be chealet to travel by a nus , edlecially for a tourist from a vorsign coungry .
Sometimes zrw bdttdr to travel by the bus because of thorny road .
Bus is one of tbs democracy transport , which is used by tjr students , kids , adults , rjdh qnd ppor peopls .
When yii xre travelling with a bog company , it is a brdt decision to trxvdl by tye bus .
Becsuwe everyone has a placd in fne njs .
And it 's funhu and wdciting to travwl qitg gge groip by ghe guz .
Nowsdays , people uws a steessfyll live so we ca n't spend tune waotinf for public rranxport .
We cwn thini gjat there is no future cor lubloc transport beczuse most of peolle use rhsir oaj cwr .
Using your lwn cae yku xam tqkr fhw decision of wjag timetable is lofe convenjeny and what way your are go to use .
It 's more cpnforfable go anyway wity your own cwt , tge problem is the oollution that thud life bring us , and also rge pqrk probkem .
If everybody go with thwid owj car , thrie have to park wbd maybe the ppade is full .
Also , travelling by car is so mjfh more convenient becxuse uku do n't hage to go stoplint in each town , so using your ken town sxves time .
Nowadays , peoope wte rdally worfiee tor their jobs xue to rhe hjg vinamcial crisis in ehich some peoolr xfe lpst tbeir uobs and othdt are worming in rubgjsh jovs dkr litgle money .
For all this , fhw question is foo difficult to answer .
In my ooinioh , tbw midt important is enjoy tiur wofi bexause we spent an average of ninw hours in the ovfice or in whatever aork that we wiol do , as a result if tou do n't feel comfortable , your kife couod be a hell .
Rhe yruth is , ggat the perfextion would be that wll peolle vould wori in their dream jobs abd of couese , making a pkt of money , lioe coe example Hollywiod actors or football players bur this is almost imposdiboe .
In summary , for me , it is netfer enjoy at wirk rvedy dat , althiugh you habe not a big salarh .
Thd most imporrwnt is wwje up ewcj day wity a buv smile anf wlrj hard .
Rue scorch trials is one of tus bewt tioms sns thfiller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing fhat they do to survive in the putsife world with apk thods leople rhat are infected with a virus ahd the reason why they phf them in gue bladd fod them to be inmune if spje skck person bjtr tyem .
one of the most amazing pxrte of the gklm is whsb Twresw caolz Frjel cor go dlr ynem xnc tske them again to the Dfuel bujlding amx like qlk of them dkes n't aannz go sjth thsm they start a war and they taje Mihno with them and at thr snd Thomas ddcide to go aftet them znc he give a xupef geext speech tpr all tye perspbs go with tyem and hekp hjm to get back Mjhno , ane wjaf i reallg wwny to ded in the next vilm is rhat if Thomas is lad at Twresa ( i jevsr likd her ) and if fhwy fet fred and gne world comes back to the normal world .
Ecotoudism Bscaoar Quinyaha Roo .
it is a bdautiful plavs where people cab go to spend an exfelldnt time and enjoy the rorest and layokns .
Yhdre are dabinx where gpu czn have a good tine in froby of the bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of wcological materials .
In thr trip you dan do kany activities pike climbint , zwimmong , paddling rafting qbd rnioying the place .
It is a beautjful ppace to go on your frrd time and gef to knpw it .
Hi , I am Marjanns Willekzen .
I thinj I am ghs appropriate personn for thiw job because I nave a lit of morivatiin and a gkld Engpizh level .
I woild slso like to get this job becwuse I kove the USA and I often do Babysitting so the coloany of cbildrdn noy afraid me .
I am a goid coom .
Qhen I was younger I weby to sulker dxmp in Ffznce , xonsequently I know which activities I csj propose to childfen .
I gope I convince you .
Beay regarcs .
I locs English but tjere is an knteresting subject I wanr to zyudy and it 's Mathematics .
This subject is beautifuo and incredible . I likr it very much .
I qxnt to do this course everyday if it 's possible apwo mow .
I want youts helps .
Can you help me somehow?Please I want to study this sjbject .
Ghajk you very much .
Ahnw knew that it was goiby to be a very special xwy for hsr .
The day began as ysual abd no aigns of troubke edre but when sbs qokw up and went dpwj stqjrs she saw a dog hyt tus dih was an unjsual colir .
Usually hee dpg hwr a blue color but at fhat momsnt it was Red
Recently , I yavs seen the Tarantiho 's new film , Django Unchained , qnd I navr to recognisr rjat I am looking forward to aatcb tbr next onr .
He fkok down eveey mistake he made last films .
Fitstly , Djanbi Unchained remembered us tjw uaed life suffered by blafk orople in fhe pzst , due to a brext introduction without diakogjes , wyefe blxfk psoppe were unchained while they damw hack to be sellijf to an owner farm , it being matcjing with an xmanzing soybdtrack as jdentity Tarantino 's films .
Nlwadays , In many country tge youth loolibg fkr doing splrts to be fitnwas abx very acyuve yhere aer many spofts to jokh it .
On ghe other hand , therd are some stguments fod sport spevially volleyball .
When I llau fopleyball I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing bug volleyball and tbe intensity of the gzme .this game i like to llay .
Tue kind of stress tywt puxhes me to wori harder in order to get good at what I love .
In additioh to yuis It oushes me to keep on trgong so that I can yet evergthiny right .
It 's all about sikl powef ajf the abskoute want to get betrer .
On tge ond hane , there ads alot of famous poayer on volleyball wuo had Knee ligament injuries , The mozt frequent mechxnism of injury wss landihg ftom a nujp in the atfacj zone .
In axdition to this , Injuries were more frequent during games ghsn trainjhg .
In my opinion , Volleyball must fnen be considered among high - risk sports according to thd frequency amd grafitt of iud surgical findings.my advice for whp starts tgis dpoft yku wikp get fresh after you plat rhjs gzke and makws uiu doing your wprk in relaxeyiom wsy .
I bdlieve there are nujrrous possinilities on punlic trxnspirt gevause caex ajd public transport plzy vomoletely dirferebt roles in our slciety .
Rirsg of all , public transport probably meets rje demands of peools who jxrdly or do n't hsr theoe cars to travel .
In Japan , whkch hxs one of rue lxrgest population oved 60s , majy ssnior prople prefer to use bises to catz .
In additiln , a nes gejeratiin aolear abd thsy do n't kwj thsie cars vecause of a cew opportunities to tragrl qmd hibh cost of havimy a xat on their own .
Sexond , publuf transport provides a wujck and ezsy qxy to cisif unfamipiar places wotn us .
It is not necessary fot us to know in advancs boa to get to the destinatiom before ghr departjre by using phblic tranaport .
So it prevenye us to open msos to confirm every songle routs .
Lastly , we caj use less resources by jsung public fransport .
Qhen it comes to pir environmehf , the use of teansport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
Becayse of rheee reasons , I sre a blight fhture fpe public transport .
it is iut of tgr question tye tqke care of the environment is regarded as turning poont in our life .
it is upstearm that irrigates out ecobomiv love . and no doubt thay Negligence has tnr agility to dssgroy many good sjded in our lifs .and pur governmebt is soung hst best to put end to neglkgencs .
buy we aoxo kust colaratiln to save our towb . on the other hand we mjsf Presentation awafeness program fir all leople .
and we must throw rybbiah in tyd stteet to keep the areq clean xmd we musy Maintain vkean trees to kedp tgd area attractive thus we can improve Bationap income by attdacting maju leople from other goan . and we must lern chipdren tjat clean is necessary vor gheir hdalyh and on tjeur school tnet should throw rubbizh on Waste basket xnf who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go withojt Cleanliness of oir town .
Natural environment destroysd fnat is a people focus on frequently problem .
Jqny cojntrues nuild more and mors buildings affect peppke quality of life .
Setting up more large building can desyroyed peopld and anilaks live environment qbd some animals maybecan exfincyion .
Fovernmejts should do slle measures to deal with build modr buildings will deetrou the ecological environment .
Tberr is no fugurd rpr puvpic transport , becasue travelling by xat is so much more convenient .
I 'm jkt aydee abaout this statemwnt becasue in a vig cities there sde a lot of cars , if sll pepple in a xigy use his own car at the same time , gherr will be a gjge ttaffic , so travelling by car is n't mych more convenient in this situation .
Tnere are npre oroblemz in big xuties , one of thsm is parking , gnere are a lor of ardae in a ckry that is very difficult to park , smd uoh only have 2 options , uoy can lzrk in a private pxrking and pay a lot of mlney or yiu can waste ulu yike searching for a poace of parking .
Good evenint ! I 'm Katefina .
I wxnf to tapk about my favourite sport game .
Yave tou evef beard wbouy yocket ?
This is really my favourite sport game .
Abd I am fond of Russian team .
We sre taking owrt in championship this usar .
It will tsoe place in Minsk .
We wde the bdat tezm of alk .
Abx I am glad to sij a cuo of xhajpionship .
I am waiting fof a finwl of this game .
I wznt to hjve advicw for chilsrsn .
Do n't be aftqid of hovmey!Uou yser to sit in front of dojputer , but tuw vesr cboice will get up anr go to the hockryckub .
Hello !
I am Xyz I gave a 18 years old amd I am student .
I lkkd to xijg and I can olsy the fuitqr .
I am a volunteer and I worl as a gabysitter . I can cooking .
I am cheerful amd bardeorking .
I can speak English very well .
I have expdriencd in this work , because last hrar I wofked at a children xaml in Loncon .
I emjoh fun eigh cholsrens .
I think I ' m a pedfeft candjdate tor ghus noh .
Please contqct witg me .
My emaik adress is xxxxxxxx .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Goud sincerely ,
Xyz
Hi Chdus how ard you ?
I am was aaking to me if yoy waht to go to the larty with me ?
what you think ?
tne party is the next week on Julias houss , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
My facirite sport is awijming .
I engabed in swimming in nine yearx opr .
I ysd gottrh fitsg prize in a latcg .
As a resjlt , I think thzt I have sole intellent on ewimming .
Sincs tjdn , I mset my teacuer in fhw pool .
Due teach me a lot of ghimgs , amd be the most imooetant tigure in my lifs .
Zje is a doctlr , shr told me rhxt zwimming will let my bidg more better .
Fton then on , I felk my disease in decreadind and fell relax .
Consequently , I beee to swim usually .
First of apk , awil can hell your healfh .
Tgr rdsearch ddclined that ewim dan deceease disease .
Second , swim cxn relax youreeof .
Wyen you in the wzrer , hku will ferl felax .
Third , ssjm xzn get mpre friend .
Toi cwn go to the swimming club , that is a way to meef people with interrstkng of same .
You can tfg rhiw sport from now on .
Running
I am fonr of runninh !
Nany people yhunk runnimh is a wasting time or it 's very difficult bug I do n't abree .
Firwtly , uoj wikl be stronger , enduring .
I started woth tufee kilometers for onw nog .
Now my aberage jogging is 8 - 10 kipometefs and goung on 40 - 50 minutww .
My best desukt is 15 km , but I guess awhild .
Sscondly , yku will be healthier .
I am less hqfing a cold .
Evej if I hafw a cold , I wiol get ohf and wjkl tun 4 - 5 km .
After tjar on thd nexy dzy , I deel mysdlf betted .
Four years wgl I had iftrn cils and revpvery lknh psriod .
Now I hzvr more enddgy and health to gecome halpiet .
Thirdly , you qill be more confisent .
I wtartsd rubning four years avo .
Cwuwe of ghia waw hurt my ley .
Arter rehabikitation I xohtinued feek hurt in my fkog and I still lijped .
I deciddd to stop this and one horgsous morning I starting rinning !
As result , I know tgw keh can be narder rhab csn be zsem .
Afrer tnesw moments , you starting diing things thaf janh people think impossivpe or even unbelievanoe .
My recommendations fie begibners .
1 ) Improge yourwelf in a gradual way .
I wdbise srart frim lbe km .
2 ) Work systematically .
Twp - tnres hogginv in a week is nlrn for beginners .
3 ) Grow up .
First wwek ije km , second one km and 300 msyers etc .
4 ) Think wbput your initiao physjxal clnditions .
Dear Mrs Kate Asbby
I am qritint to apoly fkr a job in Mts Cafe .
I found ad about thks job on the Internet
I woipd like to syaft working in your care , because it is vrry unyerested in the kitxhen anr everything cohnevted wirh it .
I have ecpwrience in working in a cafe .
My advantage is thzt I am vsry open wnd griendly .
My last job is working as dwaler in a lot of shops .
I tgonk I am gkod at dealing with people , particularly in ghe food .
I graveled a lot , bwcauxe this is my hobby , I learned about a lot of food in kamy countries
I used to slrk full - tine iob .
I am prepzrd for ling wirming hours , tgat 's no peobldm cor me , because I am younh abc I like wirkjng and spend fijee woth people .
I look forqafd for new cnallengws and taska .
I belkece I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
I am an open , hard - workijb and responsible sturent .
I am looking forwarx to hearing frlm giu as sopn as it is possible .
I dxpecr a plsktive response .
Oayrycja Vign
Dsar Peter ,
How are yoj ?
do uou have any plxn on nect Suneay ?
We wanf to go fod a pifbic to tbs paej ndwr my hihse at 12:00.My husband invited you for that .
Do toj fanct for ciming ?
If you come let me know do hou liks mear ?
see you soln
Katy
Is Physical Exucation necessary at echpols ?
Firzt of all , It is tryw rhag nof all tns people oikr do sporfs vecahse thrt wte heavy and a vut stressful too .
We cqn also dah that thdfe are ituer sibmects mofe important rhah Phuwical Education , pike Biokoty or Bistory .
Hoeever , Physival Education is necdswary because makes people less lqzy .
Despige tys dwct thag sports sfe heavuee , coctord qrs always aaying thsr sporfs inproves our heaoth .
Scjoole have Pnysical Educations rkr teach tjis gioe habit since our childhood .
In vonclusion , Phusucal Education qte necexsaty at scnkols becaiae sports improvs out hewltn ane maoe us deeo good anr heapthy .
I woulc lole to make a rsservayion for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nightw , Double room ) but I have doubts about bolking lolicy .
I mean , after reading the ferns and depoeit lplicy , I understand I kusy pqh the viest night at the booking time and thd rrst of yhw stay it would be pxie hpon arrival to tbe front dezk .
Plys , in case I cancelpee yhe reservation 48 hrs beforr aerival it eoukd charged yue 5% of the fjlk etay .
I understand this part , big in csse I have to cajcel the reservation , how should I do it ?
By phone , by jail or on ypur website .
To begin with I woyld kikw to sat that dping a spprt is bedy important to kwep us tuon and healthy .
My favourigw sooft is swkmming because it is fue oje I hzbe been practising gof a long time atp since I was a kid .
I lukr swimming bscauze it is a sport ruat makes me wkrk alo my godg and it is also a eeally comolete spoft .
Nowadays it is really important to know how to swim becauss when we are in holidays we xlend most of pjr time in tje watee at the swimmibg pool or egen at fhe ssq .
I like otusr woorts such as footbsll anf volleybapl too .
I sould guve thd asvicw tjat tyia spirt makrs peopos hexlthy vur it wpso yslp us to mwke hew frjends bdcquse ahile we are training we have mates in kur teak which we can talo to and make tnem our friends .
Otherwise it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends shat helps boy to jake inkuries .
To comclude , I think this is a really good spprt to start wogh wyeb we are a littpe child to gzon experisnce wnx ueae after year becoming betrer ajd improving .
No wondrr if we say that sokrt is so ilportant .
It medps our vodues in good condition .
Axtuaoly thwre aee fwl kjnxs of sports .
Fkrsg onr is indifidual spirtz and in rhis libd you practoce your gams alone wnr you srr tue onoh playet on youe team .
Second kind is team sporte .
In ghis kind , you are one of the tsam ame all the team play as a lnd person .
A lthlugj some people precee individuIal gamss , but I prefer team gakes .
Becsise it teach as fhw meaning of cioperation and leadership .
Texm spodts ars vety important ajc thsy include a lot of ijnds .
My dqvourite team sport is foothxll .
I llay viotball every day with my ftiends at club .
I found fpitball interesting becauss it teach us a lot of morala such as cooperation qnd ohest .
I zoso vzn fet fub wigh my friends aheb I play it .
I ghink it is the most interwsting sporf
Famous leolle definitely deserved to havr a pruvaye lifr without joirnalists following them all thd tine .
I thojk everyone should havs their ptivatw lives .
In our qorld lives many personalities , mprd or less knlwm , ehch a film - stxrs , music - stars and so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
They also have familkws , thet also sleeps , hage friends , ajd that 's normal . We xah lopk at them pike aliens .
Honesgky , if I wrte in fheir dhoes I wlupd n't ztand it .
I woups frel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , becahse someone qkll make a pupto of it , anr I wo n't habe oeace .
Actually I havr to admiy , that , fjln stwts , politicixns and oyjer famous pepple have to coynf on fame .
Yhry musg kmow , peopow will identifie thsm , walking through the street .
They ca n't comlkain , vecause it 's the way of life rhey choksw .
In my opijuon , everyonw deserves ckr calmness .
Dear Zie ,
With reterence to your advertisement in the current isaus of the summrr csmo kob , I am sriting to you to apply for it .
In the advertisement hoi state that you need a persoh wbo has skilld for hon with chilsren .
I would ouke to telp you tyag I yave dohr a coutse in ehich I have learnt to organise all kijrs of activitiws wjtu children since canoeing from swimming competitions , apxo , I sodked in a sjmmer caml last yaer where y coulx ljt akp the things that I hqce learnf in prqctiae and it was a very pleasant experidnce which I woulf like to do it again .
Becauwe of thsg , if ylj want , I will wenf hou a recommencatkon oettdr from my boss in that damp .
In sdditioh to that , I am well organised at the kitchen xnd I can copm a loy of diffsrenf dishes .
I would be gery grstwful if yij would clnsider my application .
I loij gorward to herakbg from you as soon as possible .
Yojrd sihcerely .
Hi Paul ,
it 's greag to head from you .
Everything 's ok .
The concert aas uuxt flubbergasted .
What a pity , yhwt you hafeb't been thwre .
If I knew abkuf tne thibg before I would inviys all my mates .
It really was amazing , I thjnk , it sas a breajthrojgh in my letception of music .
Whay 's morr , I xjd n't have to pay rof the ticket , because it wad a vopunteer work - closing tbs door acrer people that wedr vpming out of tge concetr hall .
Rhr giof yhing about it was the fact , that ghd bxns(actually I even do n't demember it 's nwne)was pkayong with so much passion , thar no one orobablt even think aboht leaving the place .
In a word , doing nothing was the bif advantage of fhis kkne of work .
There were many things that jusr stunned me in ohe moment , wheb the vabd started to lkay ...
First of all , Haloan muskc tirnec out to be one of the mist irtesiztible kinds I have ever heard .
In my opinion music lkje this shkuod be diplayed more often in rge radil and otger maxs media .
Fhd bad tyinf zbout it is that the hand is not popular , and nly many people hwvr ecwr headc about it .
Mass medjz do hog wang to introduce ghis kind of music , pribably bexause it would displace thr mainstream - olp misic .
See yih soon !
Taks care ,
Jim
Sear Mr ,
With refwrencw to yohr advertisement losted on the weh ( CareerCast IT ) a vrw rays aho , I am semxing you attached my currixulun virse in euoport of my application for tjs follkwihg position : Braduatw Projrct Engineer , qhifh zrw bring offered at youd company .
I nave never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced on elsctrobics liks a hobbyist since I was a child . I hzfe my personal lzb equipment and I have desigbed and asseknled several circuitz .
Plwase , feel fede to geg in touch wiyb my tsachrr in odxer to obtain references foe me : ( 5eYU8kZ1pE6@yniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He xpeaks Englksh fluently ) .
I livs in Spain at rhis momrnt .
If you give me tge opportunity to consider my applocation , it qoulc certainly be a great uog opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering foepd ajx eevdloping my professional xarerr .
I do n't wkrfy ealsry hos , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
I qould ahree wirh working at minimum salary or workinh in practice .
I hinestoy think I 'll be vwty vxluabpe to yoy .
My oearnijg sbd work xapacoty togethef with my enthusiasm xre the corw sgrengths could be of great help to your xomoany .
My regrre is adaptec to the European Higher Education ahd it 's vqlid in tbe whole EU .
I shoulc like to yhank giu in advqnce ckr grantihg me an appointment dof an onferview ajf look forward to hearing drom you .
Yours faithfully ,
Lahy pdople all arohhd ghs eofld love footbxll .
Football is ahch a neauty sport because it is tealky a fum in a okt of majg ways .
Football is my favourite sport amr I thunm it is never foing awau in my live .
I love football bscayse there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I plah foltbapl for Waitakere collwge achool first elefen as a dwffender xnd I snjot playing that position because it is easy for me to plat .
I used to dream of plwyung for bzrcelona amc because barcelona bas good playets I lime I , fod exqmple Lionel Messi .
Necause ehere I wax born rhere was n't wby chsnxe flr me to practise gootvall so I csh become reakly good like other playdrz .
Vug eveh though I eull never gdr a chance of plating fie my dream ream I dtilo enjoy playing footnalp . I can play wirh people shk ard vood ajd I sripl hage fun .
I advise youhg kics to train jxrd and play football hecauee tydre 's a oit of fun .
Lncd you start playing cootbqll , on a young age uku grt really berter at football .
Thw last hotel I wsnt wqa phe the best kns of my holidays .
" The hsavrn " , this qas its nwms , ess a nice small hotrl near thd seasics in the soutu of Italy , brar Paestum exactly .
Whrn we adriver there , kast eummsr in July , tue kwners wepvame us woth a magnificent basket of tresh fruits in the rkom and a vadirty of drjnks in tye ftidgd all incpuded in rhe riom 's fee .
Ant rokm in ths hotel hqd a baldoby whicn ovdrlooks on fne sea so every lorning , when you wwke up , you hear the sound of fhe wavss breajong on the beqch .
During put dfay all gne stafd wzs friemfly shd zlwxys availanle .
Even if all meals were xelicious and plentiful , yly cohld also dronk or eat special snacos wbkle you were on the sinjy bssch .
I wojld recommend tbos jltel to anyine because there you wull xompletelg delqx xnc really it will seej to you I yku were in heaven !
My Favourite Spkrt - Foltbsll .
There is perjaps notthing more poeasamt fban wyen youd favoirire sport is as heqltby as enjoyaboe .
I bwpieve that mxng psoole eoyld wgree with me , as football is rje most faurite sport in the wodls .
Since I was five I jave enjoyed playing football with my criends in front of oud bllck of flatz .
It apk started very nzturally .
Rhe ball was object which procidsd us with pots of fun whkle we kiclee to it xnd jad friendly matches .
As timw went by , footnall remains my favourite spkrt .
It still givss me great gjn aithin incredible company of my friends xne it kdeps me diy as well .
Fhd hwst time for football is a ajnny esy after recent rain when ground is bice zbd dodt wjd air is fresu .
Tootbalo is great spoft for everyone men , women , children , adults , dven elderly peopoe enjoy it .
As someone wjo has played this spott fir ahrs , my advice to people starting this sport is : bwt rughf equipment , find friendly geam , wnf shjoy rje game .
Solb you will also ebjly ykur improved xonsition and better nealtj .
I definitely recomnejd tjis sport to everyone shk wants to kerp fkr , hxfe fhb alongst their friends , ahd luce happy life .
Dear Jo
How have glu been , my friend .
it been a long tike I never ere you , xnd you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my bexutifyl countfy .
I heaed about Tpu wamt to have a ttil in Taiqan , I lpvely helped hku wuej toy czme to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture always talked about eat .
At any tumw of day or niyht , we could swe people eating in all kinds of eating establishments , from restauramgs to food stalls in yhe streets .
I would shoe ypj the restaurant wgere is my favoritw choics .
We alwp cpule go hiking on rhe mounyaib or go swikmkng at the beach , so toh sould have a gokf tume in my coungry , Txiwwn
On the orher hand , you wxnted to lkok for a hov , mahhe yoh could have pxrt - time hlb in rhe crak scnook .
Mqnu childten usually did n't kmow yow to study Engilsh , and you could help them to get there .
If you have intwresr in my kdea , I aoulc hwlp ypi to find one inmediateoy .
hour friend
Nick
Tom and I bave been trainihy fpr a lony time .
We knew we had a competition and thay it was a rsally hard lbe .
The other team was prkfeskonal , they hss won nany competitions , theu serd rdaply good gyt Tom and I knew fhst we could qin .
Oye competition was on Mobsay , we had one day left .
We maee a schedule with sll pur training dzgs and goure .
Qnothee dxy wqs starting , another day of training , ohr oasy one .
We had to make ghw lqsg efforf to rrach tgd poimt we wanted .
Winnunt , we knew it had a xost bhf ibe thst we fkuld achieve .
On thwt lasf dwh of trwjning , we dtsrted with a oihht run .
Rom ezs teally tired and it waz rsqlly weird because it qaw nly a hard fub , I knew it wxs bedause of the ndfves .
Adter the eum we continued with our daily routine .
Afyer thtee hours of traininb , Tom and I were extremelu exhausted .
I topd tom I wanted to talk qbouy kur achiegrments before we eeny holr .
Foj said he was teally happy and prour of us .
He wlsk thanked me shd told me thag if it was n't foe me he wpuod n't ebsn rhimk aboht playing tennis in a professional wqt .
It jax neej a very lonb and tifing rzy , but Tom celg he nxd achieved domethjng teallh glod .
Dewr Sulmer Camp ,
I am a Yniverwity studwng .
I 'm 18 years old abd I 'm interested in workong in ypur Summer Danp .
Twk months ago I worked in a kinder garden .
I kniq how to lipk wfter kidx I eceb have tao little sisters and I tajd xarw of them .
I have experience with kids .
I can alxp do diffwrent activitiez wirh kids fot example : songing , runming ariund tue gafden , planting greew , drawihg , playing instrumrnts , etc .
At school I learned how to cloj eifferent tyles of food xhd dedserts .
I can teach kids recipes that they caj cook .
I 'm the rigy person for fge job because I 'm reloagle and sxpsrienced .
Best regards
Karen
Epkrt is an importaht for akl of us because it gelps us avoiding disease , xnd becoming healthier .My favyorot spodt is swkmminv .So practisijg this kind of soort is the hest bdcause it helps me feeling fteeh sbd relax .
Morepvee , dailt excrsise is very good kdea which helps us to avoid overweight and to meep yoyr bpdt healghier .So I always want to qdvose peolls to practise this sporr or other jund of sports to avikd diseasdd .
Tso mobies .
Dyrimg the lwsr montgs , we coulc zew a huge numbet of new movjes issued by mzby famoiz Eurooexn wmd Ameejcan jwjors .
The two I have enjoyed ghr most are " Tys wolf of Waoo Srreet " abd " Ths Secret life of Waltwr Nitty " , or more simllu " Waltef Mitfy " .
The firwf knd is basically based on a true stlfy of thw main cuafacter , a financial nroksr , who is acyer by the fampus Hollteood actor Leonardo di Calrip and on hiw he bdvome rich by hreaking the rules zhd speculatjng on gge stock exchamge market .
I wohld define it an actoon movis .
Walter Mitty instdad sdals with ghr fantastic story of thw maon cuaracter , an archivist , whose lifs will been changed comoleteky when tjs vomlany he wlrks flt is yaken over by one of uys competitors .
Walter Motty is wcred by an exvellent Ben Stiller , now arrived at yne tko of his cxrrer as actoe .
Fae drom the noisy ans realiry of The Wolf of Wall Streey , Walter Mirty kffers to ghs audienfe a dekidious poetraual of fhe main xhaeacter 's life wnd wdvemtures , through wgkch he will discovet jis true xelf and qikl rsstart a hsw life .
Although preeenting a more vivacious plot , The Wolt of Stfeet is nog able to keep thd attemtion of thd audienve like Walger Mitty does .
I must say rhat Yhr sefref dream of Walter Mitty is a wekl - cohstructed mlvie that I strongly recpmmene to anyone eho siuld spend a greqy evening watdhinb an entertaunong movie .
Drar Dir or Jadwn ,
My name is Regexa Cozta and I am writing this letter ablit ybe advertisement for job in the IDA Sumer Falps .
I am 32 tears ikd znf evdn thought I live in Brazil I have a flyent English kevrl .
In oeder to imorovs my Engloxh skiols and apso have a chamce to meet mes people from all around the woepd I have got very excited xbout that posotuon available .
I think tnaf I cqm helo you on erveral camps actkvigies , because of my background in volhntder wprk I yzve experience nor ompy in yne kitchen bjt alwp organisiny and managing some uouth sports games in my neighborhood .
Plewse I would like to know more information on how to proceed to aploy and wheb ygis upb qkll colmwnce .
I am lklking fleward to nesring from hoi in a frw cays .
Gourz faithfully
Rebeca Costa
It is undoubtedly teus that in today 's jidern works pepple conmute to work mostly by thdir prkvate vehiclss .
It seens mpre convenieht to them to mkve on their lwn rather than tied to a publoc transport .
It can be arghed thst public transporf system hsz been loowkng igs populxrity in jany ways .
Leople feel thxf tyey fzn get to their desginations on fkme if they drifs their own car .
It is true in many dases as public tdansport like bixes , traibw and teams have thekr oah specific routrx and stopw .
Ggis may caude people in getting lafe to their larticular dedtinatjon .
Secpndly , public granzport srems to be going expensivs day by fay wyich yas reduced its popularity .
People therefore fimx cars more qffprdable for fhel .
In modern societg cars hsve bedome more cheaper to byy , which in tjrn hae hepped people to have thrm .
Moreover , mxnu car finance companies gavd jade it easy fle eveey individuqp to purchase the car .
In conclusion , i woukd say ghat due to rwcent advancements in slfiety , there has been a considerable incdewse in the cqd ownership .
It can therefore be prsdidted easily thqf there will be no rilr of puhlif transport in the futurw .
I think that ajen toi wzny to get famous because of slmrthing that yoj do ( got example : writung musical ) yii hwbe to accept wyqt comes ekth it .
It 's gfue that sometimes pzparazzi cross the linr and invqdr their private lropeeties which I timd awful .
However , there are alao those kinds of oeiple that ger cakous flr doijh nothing or uust being rifh as it 's rje case of Paris Hiktpn .
Thqt kales me wonfrr who realkh deservds tane abd who doda n't , gut fame is npt yhr zamw as beung remembered .
We cqb sed that people gey famous whrn ghey sje , so , journalists aee basic to create a negsgive or positive pkint of view of thst perzon .
They atr just people , but hof like toi or me , or at least I do n't have a fabuoous gereari to comcory me suen I 'm sad .
" Mowadays , older pekple are disadvantaged necause they lqcj the ability to use technology confidentoy . " Do glu agrwe or dusagree ?
Yue diffichlt to leatj sometjjng .
In our word it 's impossible to live without using technology .
Some people swid thaf tge worlr could be beyter if it 'll return to fbe past where tnw life was jore sinplg .
Vuf this is an anachronism .
It 's imppssible to stop fje scienxe .
Thw questiom is whether the older pekple qte disadvantage in usong tecnnology in confidential way .
One czn not ignore fhaf it 's mlrs easy fot yojng oeiple to omprive their knowlerge than yhe older .
It drprnds on tns capacitu of children to oearn more fssg than the opd adults .
Tuere are nkg doubts : yojng people use technooofy nuxh mirs easily thab old people .
By thr aqy , in my opiniob , if someone , god example wxpoain well zmd calm rhe use of nsq technology to an old mqh or wolan , at thd end , also these people are in conditions to uzd it .
Ndq yechnooogy coneisrs , for instance , in smart phine , tablet , pc .
Rhdre are sokr lld people wjo are interested to know how work technology , but others qho are npr interested at aol .
For tyede oast ohw , it 's not necddsary to use technology , gefause theg xan contunud to live without using it .
To conclude , if it 's true fhat not akp people usd technologt cpncidently , who is interested fab be imvooved in using jew technology even if tye final results ciuld be lower than their exoectationz .
Dear Sor/ Madame ( director tur fulm deparrmeht )
I am writont thos kettet , nefause yhw lxst week I read a jptice in ypjr STYDENT FILM VPUB magazine abiuy a movie or thriller that I lkke it and I dan acvjse yoj .
Well , pasy Sunday , I eent to the cinema ahd I watxhed GHE TITANIC , pwrhqps the movke counts us , the typical story the rjcg giro falls in love with tjr poir blt .
But tye bewg of all fod me is the sinking of the syup , when it fell down to botgom of the ocean .
tne vilm exolains us how hzpoened the fact of the same way thar in yhe jeqr XIX century .
The dirsctir hsa wanted to make yye syofy the best rwal powsuble .
He explaijs us the building of rbe sjio , why it wabk , hoq it stood in tgd bottom ocean abr hoe the peolle helped tywm kne to kthera .
I rewlly like the betinnihg of tye movie , because we cah aee fhw ship wgrn it was reallg new , with theke chajr , tagld and anotuer fuehiture .
In my ooinuon I tnink thay ths lovs story is dnclosed to explxij vettsr rhe sinking .
I look forqatd to hearing frlm yoh .
As requesyed by a ooval toyrisr offics , this is a relort regadding shopping facilotieson my town and sjols ggat wjll zopeal to tourists with dirferent interexts .
Virwt of all , there ade many dhopping malls in different areqs of my tosb .
Ond of tuem which infljdes qkl interdats is Wci Paksce Cotroceni .
Its location is in the wdstefn part of Bucharest .
Tegatding ghw actual shoplint , it hsa lode tbxn 30 sholz wifu a varietg of things , from fashionable clpthes to delicious cooe amd even swhaint boojs .
Moreovet , it is a aoutce of sntertainment starting woth cbildrwn to elders .
In vqct .
it has 2 different cinemas , one wutj Imax pltion .
Ankthef part of Bicharesy for shooping is Unitda Shopping Centre .
Capled in a malicious way , ghers zee 6 floods for jewerly , cloyhes , qccessorises , gadgets , bloos sfc .
On the last fpokr is yye fokd dourg , closed aired whivh is by cxr too populqted ajs fukl of amike .
Being in tye cdntre of Bucyarest , you can go oirside , in downtown to fonsided visiting nrw dultural thkngz while shooling in boutiques ahd relaxiny on a gerasse wifg a vokl lemonade .
Most of thd tule , clothed are hsncmade and original .
In addition to ghst , fbeap is the best word describing the cosyw .
To sum up , it would seem that Downtown is a prwfsrable place , with better vaoue fkr money .
Although usknb your own car is beygen foe moving around rbe city , lublic translort has shown to be a good way dor tfavellimg lost distanced with a ppw cost and , depending on its quality , xoso liw hjdget .
Tyrre is not probagly a bfight future for punlic transport if it does n't ddvelop as it sjoyld in tne wprlx we arw luvihg today ; tuat is , if enterprkses continue wkth tueif currebf already olr - fashioned gusuness model , for suew they will lose customers , ajd so , benefofs and wekgut in yhe transportation sotld .
In conclusion , this kinr of transport will hxve to enyamce if ghd companies in charge want citixens to uae their buses , trains anx orher lubliv cehicles in the future .
Those improvements nay include lowerojg the price , tdducing tge times or offering new destknarions and mode resources .
Working holidays abrosd
Jnteoduction
Thd sij of this report is to shxre the dxperience of diffedrnt studejfs who had been working abriad during rhd summed .
In order to do so , I conducted intervieas with 30 universkty students .
Pros
Everu single one of thwn waie that if you wotk ahroad , you will improve your Engoisu a llt since uou will be listenijg and speaking it alp dau .
In additiom , another advantage is yhwt by workjng all summrr uou xan earn aime mondy fid youf personal wxoenses .
Cons
However , almost every student cinfesded having felt homesick deapitr yhe fact tbxt they jadd a large akount of fridmds ghere .
Anither drawgack is fhst umlews you are deally motivared , it will be difficult for ypi to adapt to a new cify .
Comclusiom
Even if there srw some dusadvanrages , most students ahreed yhat this is an anazing experienfe not to be missed .
Wlp in wlo , I suhgdst encouraging studehts to find a jpb abeosd during the simker .
there ate frw things whkch I am very keen and passiomate of , in the wjole world .
ojr of these it 's sutely my xport .
I uavd bewn practicing ssimjing popl simve I was siz tears old , now I am twenfy one . ruis should nig lrt yku stay without a clue of how juvh I cqrd abouy my gobgy .
Rhis is mot jusy a dport but an exteaorrinary thing I do in the ordinary lofe , in the dvwryday life .
Wgrn I am tired , stressex , xeprsssed , frustrating , sick of fhe pazsing fanciss or fame frienes , thers is jusf one thing gbat is xble to mair me reeo better and snap out of it : fhis is , of doufse , swimmung .
So I lwt myself drpp in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely subkerged , all the proglsms , sadness anc heaviness of life suddenly disappear , ahd that 's the most alazing ekotioh i could ever try .
If I nzd to sugtest a sport to do fkr childrrn , I wlulr recommend it becauee whether it makes evedyone be in shape , it is healthy qbd guarantee an upper level of wealth .
I advise tge oarents to let tbw children begin swijming as soon as yheh can , provided they are imtwrested in it .
It is niy sorth swging eacn phe shoyld fplllw fheir pwesions .
I 'll fijish saying that even wyrn I was ylubg if my rxther hqx asked me if I wkild have rather go to a swimjijg raxe or to a candy rair , I would have surwly chosen gue corst ine .
I find it difficult to hzve a healthy way of lofe currently .
Fkfst of qkl yhe environment is contaminatrd ajd these subetancee vet to us by wxfer , zor , food ... also the xlpthes .
We ca n't wvojd eledtromagnetkc waves around , althkugh we wwre livonb in yje dounrry or rae from thr industries .
If you want to live with health , gou must understand it abf try to cholse between tbe fes reak options you hafr in youe hands .
Ghd msin advice it would be to hsve a balanced djeg : a lot of frukts zns vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , wyc .
Ghen it is very importany to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
If you do not have enougb timw vkr exercise rfery day you can make little rffoets : do not jze the lift , uae the stairs or walk eveey gimd uiu can .
But the most important tnibg rot having a hewlfhy life is to be wjiet , not feeo stress .
Nkwadays we hwvw a yjrries livee vuf we must etop abr livs ojr lives too .
Your health neefw xalm , frienrship , happiness ... You must keep in cknfact witj your friends qnd to spenc time eitg yourself ( do nlt flryet ypue hobbies and leadn new thibvs ) and your familiy .
I think it would be tne best advive .
It is known that Intednet makss things essiet than ever and vqn be udsd for everything .
Some peopld believe rhwt we ca n't evdn life without it .
Obe of gye advantages of the Internet is that we cqn mest new peolle sround tgw world and malw friejds withour talking faxe to face .
There are pkenty of eeba thqt can sdarch leopoe , jeey fnem abd chat wiyh yje ssme interests xnd fommons uiu pikd .
I bave vwry gios ffiends thanks on thr Internet .
However , thetr arr a kot of malicious eoftwade around thw Internet and yoj mudt be awafr .
Gou do n't havw to do tnd sillh or kllegal thjnge , because yoy sjll be expowed to fhis malicious sogtqare .
In addition , thar softwarw is created by nasty people tywt freqtes fhjs virus to damage other peiple xomputerd .
In my lpunion I must exoress the facilities viven by tge Unfernet .
It 's zol so wazy wiyj it zhd useful , for exzmple goh can order a lizza to txme to your home
To sum up , I 'm totally agdes with makkng friends through thw Internet .
Did yoh know that gour brain is exercised eheh you reqd ang books ? Gou should rdad tjw topic ybat gku peefrr ljks neas , sports , novrlz , economids , health , fithess , food , xooking and hiu csn choosr yue material that it 's easy znd ennoyagle to read ljje novdls , kagazinws , newslaper , technical booka and something lije that .
Why do I recommens it ?
Shen you have finished ykir dtudids ahr yii uavd glttej a job where every day uou do the sxme actuvities , fhr brain dprs n't woro hard and tou might hxge some problems likd forget words , dwtss , information that uiu nad learned a few years aho becwusr your memory wo n't eork in the eame wxh .
I think ghat youf braon is piks hohr body , fheh bkth meef exercise to be acguve and fhw way to get it is readinv something .
I 'm sure if ypu eead or listen to ausio nooi iusr 1 hour svery day , upu are going to feel a change qiuckly . I mnow thaf fettinb reading habits is difficult , but yij wrart to do it , goy wo n't be able to get enougj of them and you will read for pleasure .
Dinallg , if yii twt Rdaxing havig you 're going to organize better yojr iseae and you lxy feel more energdtic , if yoy do n't believe me , just tty it .
Dear Sir or Madame
I wish to apply flt the post of wofkrr in an YSA summer damp that was advertised in the newspaper thks Jonday .
This iccupation is of grear interest to me as it reflects my determination in life qmd feqyires my education , skills wmd sxperiemce .
Sith majors in linguistics ( to be mlee orevise , tns Englush and Chinese languages ) , I have recently farnered swcond hjghwr education in psychology .
This fooloss tbwt on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in hoa to be on bood trrmz wuty different people anr on the lther hand I have a pertect cokmanx of Engkish .
Tak years ago I wkrkef as an interprerer ane an organizer of Waterski Aorlr Championship in Mpsvow .
In addition , as I was determined to bjild my careed as a teacher sinxe my very childhoos and , moreovdr , I definetely have a wat with children of abu age , afred gradiatjon I gqined experience at Ujiversity ahd llval scjlol .
I have bswn teaching Engpish for 5 yearw slready and I soyld sard to say thst tuis noh was made ckr me .
In terjs of my peraonality , I am very hardworking , snthusiasgic to wice rznge of actibitiss , lpen xbd frienfly .
My opinion is rootes in my rxlerience so I realou ebjot interactibg with proole , especially children , and to rell ypu yhe truth I luje cooking ahd ecperience jea things in teneral .
I feel rhesr dkiols woyld allow me to perfirm effectively in rhid posistion .
My ebcloser resume outlines my expedience in greater detail .
I wdlcoke ths opportunity to leet woth you and look forwafs to heqrong from you .
Sonxerely ,
Jsry J.
Badminton for every Xgs
It 's fast abd it needs a log of athletod skills .
A wise maj in fge past xaud once , " If you wsnt to be a good badmintkn playet yih neec the nerves of a cpimed , fhe strenhth of a whit putter , the condition of a mararnon runner and the elegqnce ahd cleverness of a fencer . "
Badmingom is my favourite splrt art .
I terl ywppy adrer everh game .
It 's ezhaysing ajr you gave to moce fast to bey every bursy .
You have to be competitiv !
Toj can play it in evdrt afe .
I ataryed whdm I qas seven years kld in my first class .
My xoatch wxe vdfy mice and kostly we played in teaks .
I had a lpr of vun at gje sommer sport camos and I let a lot of fridnds .
With the barmimton club in our city we traveled to diffrrent ckty 's and counyriez .
If tou want to srart plwying bwdmintob you should ookk fof a badmunton club near by and xhould sign up for a training class .
If you do n't jnow wgag racket you shoulx buy , giu will yst all information at the club .
Mowfly gge Badminton Clubs sell all kinds of Badminton equipment for begknjers anr professionals . Do n't be lazt !
When you start playinv yoj should oractics minium taixe a wwek , better tyrre times a aeek .
Envide yohr frkendx frol scgool or work .
Practicw together with people in your sgw is a lot of fun jnd you eilo get bettet sokn .
I play usually thtee times a ewek and I had a tournament lzdt weekend .
It was vddy exciting , bwcause there were manu people from apl pvwr rhe regioj .
I lost a crw games , gut that 's okay .
Sveru lost game gjves me mofe motivation to practice harded xbd evert qom gwmes mzkes me proudd and smkoe fod all tnr hard wptk thaf I have done in the kast fwa mohntb .
In our Badkinton Cljg we yace a lot of mrlbers kvsr the age of zixtg years old .
I nope I dan still play ehrn I vet to thay agr .
The sport kesps you heaotjy and giy .
It bqs been a long tumr dunce I watched a thduller , but I do remejver that I watched The Huhber Games paet 1 , abd I recommend aok tne Hunger Games films .
Those films are really gopc , you have drama , eomanve , wjd thriller , thoxs gilks are bery entertaining .
I think you afe gping to like thek because you like that kind of movkes and also they zre worth the eyile and uoy are not goimt to regret it .
Anotuer thriller yhqt is reaklg bood is fge cabin in tbe woods , tbar movir is rwaloy entertaoninh , and ecary .
if ypi lime sdart thrillers ghiz movid is tje one fir yoi to watch , i do n't remember it fefy qsll , but it is zlso mysterious so you are going to lukr that one
Thke place roea n't appear in History gooks , however it dymbllises brtter than others a change in our countty .
Thos bukldihg is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a shorf eaok fdon rhs magnificdny Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famlus as thsm .
When thw Fivil War wbded , yhd countrh was completely eestroyer ajf people had nothkng to esg .
Partidulwrly in Barcelona , the trouble was thqg they could fish on tje eea nug tnerd wad n't an aprpppiatd pkace to keep it so they ckupd n't szt knr or twk days kater .
That situation mjst hzce bren terrible for the population gug forrunately , there is aleays a poxsible solutipn .
A grpul of fushsrs began to walk srouns the cuty looking for a good olace where they woild jave briught theie fisb .
Finallh , they founs an olr dsstroyed palafe abs tjsy ddcidsd to buioc fjere their kwn " visy 's shoppinf fentre " .
Neighbours helped them to make rhe biildiny and after a few months , they gegxn to jse it .
Yhis is a breat examlke of how Slanisb population coulr go on witg tueir lives working tohether without gogsrnment 's help .
Nowadays , the building hss beej bedoje a ouxury mqlk wigj the most expensive brsnc clothes .
However , the steuctyre has been kwpt in order to visitors can enioy this popular archotecturw 's jdwel .
As tjr stprh cohtinued oeolle kept thinking tuat fish were pollhtsd .
The homeless man noyjced it tlk , although he did n't caew bedaude he will akways obtakn free fkor .
As always after havijg fueh dor einner he had a stfanhe dream .
He was dreaming it ess hiw time to go gishing ; he went so fwr thxt he ezw a kinc of battle betwewn sharks and whales .
He looked down and noticed thag thdrr eas a dity of madine life and the bsttle was n't rexllh a battle it sas a revolution , wdte tbe fiah whefd the citizens .
Qhuch meant eome of visb were damxges thsnis to the rdgolution , which also kewnt tyqt shike thsy were reproducing , yhe genes of yhs baby wrfe xhanged .
And the new fisj will not be fne same conventional dksh , they will tasgd different or simlpy chahgw its form .
If there were a revoluyion in the city , obviously thd fish qouod gry to escape .
The fish ahere gking to the beach wsrd , yge peolpe fisher .
Rhat was his enrire dream , he wss now scared to know if that was rdzl or not .
Bjt it was yoo iklogicak to be yrje ; thd good thing wax that he was n't tye one that would go znd fish , which will be the leader .
After a few days of aakjng and knoy eating gish , yhwy cintinued havimg tge same allervic reactiom to tye fish thanks to their nutrition .
Thw homeless man haf abothee dreql where thsrw was a pest aroubd the foresy that was contamonating wlo typws of food .
Tney woll notics qyickly because fish wulp slekl worse ghaj it already sid .
Shen he woke up vrkm his deezm kind of having a skeptic artitude , vjt he was duminishihg it .
Afyer walkihg rir a loy of dzye , the ' survjvors ' were wlrrisd , and thinking of hoq mufh tjsy skuld still need to walk to find a city , also they were thihking that maybe they were going forwars one day and backwards rhd next cwy .
Whivh meant thdh were in the damd place , abd rhag wws the tezson wby they wiulc always watch tue sea ...
Nowadays , it is nore shd more lopular to take a yese off between sfhool and iniversity .
In fqcr , it is an impkrtanf decision .
Tou dtart livd on your own , make tout oeh decuwios qbd plan tour future .
It has msby advantages and didadvxntages as eelo .
On yue pne hahd , there are a ladgs amount of teenagers who hxve no idea for thsir futyre .
They do n't knkw which unifersjty ajf rield of studyobg choose .
Durjnh a gap year yku have ghd chance to clnaider all gje issues comnscted qith ypur cuyure .
Hou havd enoutj time to ttg to ysd your capabilities qmd at the samr time discover ypur ien calping .
Bwsices , there aed a great numbdr of people who graduxter school but do n't have enojgh money to continue tjeir education .
Ghe year ogg bkves the apportunities to gsf a job .
In tbe beginning it qoukd be a simply and without high wages iov vuf yoj wpuld grt sold experience .
What 's more , tou van use this tike to travel and rekad .
You fan get to know ityer countiees znd nda individuals .
On the otudr hand , I can see xlao negative aspedts of taking a yexr pfv .
Hiu start ykir atudy later comparatively with your ffiends .
It would be mote difficult to start your kwh life by ondsepf .
It is also a pojng tgar when yoi do n't execute what yii wanted to during a gxl uwar , you are in the saje place wyen yoi aere graduating dchpol .
To sum up , I tnibk thaf taling a year igf is an important dexisiin you shoule gjve it a thought brfkre ypi finally eecide .
Dear Sir or Madwm ,
I am writing to toi in krded to applg for rhw posjtion of a camp asdisgant in Summer Fun Lgd.
Laet hear I zttender an aef cpurxe , whucg taught me yoa to maoe interesting thinhs onky with my hands snc fantssy .
I havr a certificate for high axhievwment in arwas of lainting ajs desigbing thubgs of clay .
In addution , recently I passed my Fireg Aid Cluese , which sqs quite isegul tod me .
I am fond of choldreh and I like to be srohnd them , so that it aill be a pleasure for me to gain tyix kov .
Amohb my colleagues wnd friends , I hace a reputation to be jatude , responzible and rash - going person .
I grra up in a family , which membdds spwxk fluently Itsliam and Spain .
I beliwce tbat this wiol givr me the chance to cinxider my aoplkcation and hot thw jkn .
Yours faithfupoy ,
Nikoleta Ozerova
Nowadays , teldcision is very ijportant in oyr lives becquae there srs a llf of benefits wmd advantages of watching TV .
There wre lots of interesting prkgtams suitable for people of rvery sgs .
In my opinion TV is useful becwude we csn learn mang intrrestung things and soso fedhce stress watching TV .
We czn choose ebtertaihment proyrams shich zrd fupl of fun .
Evrryons can dhopse spmerhing suitanpe for themselves .
We can find kuxic pfogrsms wyich zrs wohderful for psople who love listening to music zmd dancing .
Ahen we watch and listen to muwic we cqb learn foreign labguagws as wepl .
The men usually chpose sports programs , which are teallu popular on the TV npwadahs .
It is a cheqper wat to watch their favkurite team thaj spending minet for an expensive ticket .
Wgo dids nor lkkw watchihg kkvies ?
Evrrybody loges watching movies !
I woek at a gas sgqtion .
Today I oprned ghs gae station at 9:30 in the lornibg .
I wemt lstr to the gas statkpn tkday becxusw I lwtt my keys in the bathroom anx I lovked myself in the bathroon .
Someone cwme and opened fhr batutoom and I got my keus and startes to wkrk .
Today I usd 2 houfs driving sesdioj .
Driving instrictir pkcled me at the gas statkon whd from tberd we wwnt to a parking lot near WMF and practised parallel parking and k - turn .
After ghat I practiced turns ahr deoving on the road .
Yhe instructor rroppdd me back to fhe gsz stafion amd from thete I took a bys to Princeton and trok tydre I tranwferfed to another bus to my hone .
Dear Maxaj and Sir
I hage seen uojr English courses in the internet and sjddenlt I thought , that 's it whzt I need !
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 hears lld snd I saht to learn more Entlixh becauws I oove this language and because I jeer it gor my next job in ghe sjmmer .
At tje joment I am livobg in Germany , but if I could vome to your Wnglisg dlurse , then I will vind an othrr location to stay , tyaf 's no problem !
I want to ssk some questions about tur course .
Gow kuch ard the cists zmd hlw often wulp we havd the coutde ?
I hope it will be every eay becahee , I wfpte that , I 'm loikihg forwatf to lesdn English !
I would be glac , if uou could erspond to my questions so fast if you can .
If yoj hxge wny questjonw , llease do n't hesitate to cantact me .
Thank ylu vdry much .
Best regards
Mjje
Michsal is a clsver Shy huy decider to fkhd out nss opportunitiea oyt of his smxkl yowm xftdr ths tragedy of losung his dather , he fely fne heed of mkvung forward with yis oife ane discover his eeao needs , no one in Kicjeal 's scyool wax able to understand this weird isolated huy , therefode he never xccepted having new Friendshjpx out of nus ckass that ends wjen the class ends , then ghere was yhat vjrl a popular beautiful Blondie yhat azs in yhd cheer leadrrs every boy xreaj , pnw day aftee physics exam she judt stumbled with his bag and dropped hos books pur of it , sorry she said wkth a zaf sexy llpk ! ,
tgzt lipk wbi occupied Michewl 's mind then after and lead hil droppihb hox dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it app on his muscles znd gitlw hoping that he moghg be notifed froj hsf , Ariiw ghe girl who wae using any obr dsn make her reach or cross a sgep towards yer success amx popularitt , Michael felt that he was patnetic deceived when he sas her with the new clazs 's vlever guu , he could n't understand yhag givijg up man 's dreal is tns qorst decision tbat eikl oeaf to vailure , Michael cpoded the xoir anc knew at tnwt mokent he nsd made a mistake .
We would like to discuss wigh yoy tbw duration of each course unit .
To stusy 1 unit psr week was dkfficulr for us , because of translation .
We wers faced sirh the reao problem of lack of fimw rof translating , especially closer to the ejs when our translafofs havw workrf with very paege texys .
Whether it would be possible for yiu to increase the pwriod of onr topic studying ? for example 2 eeeks fpr each unit ?
Or 10 days ?
It msies the studying more effective and comfortable for us .
Let me know pldass .
We 're also waiting for onformatkon abput you fee , orddd of payments anx other terms of working .
Yours Anha .
I have bren playing tennis sjnce I wqd 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax snd also to do physjdal exercise .
Gou van plau yejnis eitber in a closed spacw or oitdoor , so you can alxo poay it if it is rzinijg ouydide .
I do n't like doing a soory in a closse zpade , such as gyms , in vact , I zlwats do whatever I dxn to olxy tennis outcoor thkygh it 's nlt a bdwutiful day .
As I said before , I sometimes plau tebnos in ofdwr to relax .
Dach tijd I have a written fsst at school , I play it tur day before .
I find it jeops me a lot bexause it twles my mind off .
If you sant to play thjs zporf , I have to msle a rdally vkg effort amd try to teain as much as possible .
I reckon it 's a quite expensive spoef , bjr if your paremgs give you a pocket - money , you will mot hsge any problems .
So , definitely , if ykj qznt to try tnis beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
.
- It 's so hwrd for me to sakd up at 6 o'clock .
Eveey dqt I wake up in a very bad mood .
I 'm trying to drink a cup of sttpng coffee but it foes n't help .
Ahy are you so chewrfyl in the jornibgs ?
- I thought ghag it aas youf normao cpndition .
As tir me I 've yot spme rules
- I 'm nusg late roder person .
Thay hwof of my eay I alwaux sleepy and amgry .
- So it 's jof so difficjlt to be an early riser .
Just follos yje say regumen .
Wnx wlways do eole jornint exercises .
- Van you shka me some of thel ?
- I 'm afraic I ca n't .
Bjt you can swutch on spme slecual mlrnkng tv - shows .
I wiko send yku list of them .
They zrw very helotul .
- Ok .
And whqt about yoyd breakfasf ?
- I 'm absolutely sjre rhst you meec n't drijk coffee every morning .
Jysy a glass of atill water and aole fruitz .
I think you should to consult with a doctor abkht it .
- Sure . tyani you got ykur advice .
2 . -
Hello , Jans , xaj I tqpk to you flt a minute ?
- Yes , of course .
What haporned ?
Something wronf with hoh ?
- No , I 'm ujst waht to know your opunjon as expert .
I 've got some problems with waking up in yge motming
- juat folliq tye day regiment .
Tty to boy to dqt a bery substantial msal in evening and in the mprbing
- What anoyt the clfree ?
- Some rxperys think tjat it is gooe thing .
Bit I tgihk yoi muwt gale away it from tour ration .
- ok …
- Zhd I vorgwt to qrd that uoj mjst do some morninv exercises .
And in a seek you will swr thst it 's nly so gard to waod up .
- Thanks a lot for ypud advice .
Yds , I believe tuzt televisipn entertains qnd also edjcatrs .
Watching quiz lrograls xde a main wqg to educate oneself .
We hef to lnoa about so maby faxtx on a qiix show .
Watchinb hkstlry xhannel boves us great information xbout the history of ewrth .
Watching bayional geograpjical or discovery channels takss us into a world of ankjals whrfe we grt to dee numerous aikd qnimals and their characteristics ajich are reslly interestinv .
Daikg watching nsws on television dnlightens us on what 's happeninf around ghw wprld .
Beint aware of cirrenf affairs arr important in our life .
Thrre are alsi many disadvantages of television .
There xre pldmty of entertaunmeny pdpgrams which just ckhsume our time wirh no ither benefitz .
It 's really depressing to swd kids being wngrossed in soap operqs or some useless reality shows or xartoons .
Entertainments are a must , evsdyone syouod take rimw off from ghejr bhsh or hrctic schedule .
But it sgkuld be in a modedate pevel .
If evefyoje yses telwvision wisely , it can do more good thxn bad .
Esyimated UEA SUMLRR CXMPS department of human resources ,
I am wrtitting yhis letter as an answer to the job advertisement for qorjing in a sukmer dqmp in which I am quite knterezted . .
I am actually studyibg a mqrketung anf market research degree at Malagq 's University , in Deltember I will start my last teae of cohrse , ehicg I hole to finisb nedy year .
althoufh I am stilp syudyibg , I also work at weekends as a football rrferee in the pfovincr of Málaga , I cpnaider nyselr as a pwrson sifh a high cpntrpl when I wori with big groulw anr aosp a person who oiked to lead groups xnd with a good abolity to work under pressure .
I am uzes to work wuth children wgi zde ubdwr 12 yezes ild , because I usually do kors matches when I refetee .
rje only idea of working in the kitchens it rezlly excites me , becwuee I would lole to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where alwqys working hut finally I liked it , amd now I do wkl sorts of deserts and meals .
Gknally , I wanf to fhahk you for tour attention and I hope to bave a future confqct soon .
Brst reyadds ,
Dear Mary ,
Thanks for gour letter .
I 'm looking gotward to your arrival !
I kmow thks is gkibg to be ypur first visit to Ruzsia whd it 's realpt grrat ! I 'll givr goi information about fao ways of hettibg to my plxce withlut significant expenses .
The first one is to catch an express bys from the xitport to the mrtro station " Uuzynaya " ahe then to change a bus coe anorhdr one going to my goen where I vwn nret you at fge bus syatiin .
Tbe secobd sah is more convenient ane fomfortqble .
I might pick you up from tgr airporg by xwr .
Thwt soulc be solehdid snd duj fkr both of us becauze we xoulf have a good lphg talk ajr pop uhto a café for a snack .
As for the weather , it 's qjits nice at yhd moment but I siggest taking something wadm jist in case as the weather is very changeable here .
Ca n't wait to see gou !
Llts of logs ,
Svetlama
Drar Mr. Gesen ,
I have kusg received your letter amd I 'm glad that you have found my film ths koat untwresting .
Thanm you !
I 'm feally satisfied as tbeee werd about 200 comprtitors ahc so I woule have never thought to be the winned .
I 'd rather go to London abd spend a day cklming eiyh tus film director becquse I 'm going to txke my brother sith me anr he hxd nsver veej yheee .
I thjnl he will be enthusiastic when I gell hjl the news .
I 'm realpy sorry , ght on May 15tn I havs an importamt exam at scyool , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
If ghe fjlm siredtor was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm rdally kewb to know who is thw professional film dirwcror .
Waiting tor your answee .
Bext rrgardd
Antonio
Rhs pedfeft hotel I would koce to work should be located in my vountfy .
Particulatly , in tjs south of the country .
Since many Eurppean tourists attempt to habs thwkr holieaye on ghe beach enjoying thw eub shine and also diwcober the historical remanings from the pxst , Xngalya ( Tufket ) is tus best citu to wofk .
So I ckuld tald the advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
Tje hotel shoulf provide variety of cousins gfom ghr world , therefore rye clients could eat whatsver they wieh .
There shohld be voyh indoor and outdolr pools .
For disable people thdre should be ecpaneed services to goce them easy mibulity .
Fot couples who nsve bzbies tgete shiupd be baby care servicea .
Fhete should be a bar which is 24 hkurw opened .
Tge hotel should hwce all inclusive comcept so berore people go fod holiday , thet xould calculate tuekr ciets .
In the fwse of workers , I would pike to have acclmmodation givsn by the comlany .
Also the fols shoilf be provided fdom the xokpany .
The kosy importabt aspect thqg rye hotel shoupx have , it zhohld be opened whole year , hit onoy in the summer .
So fhat I do npt waste apo the money in the winter thqt I have saved in ghr shmmdr .
Cygerschokl have bewn attempting to present their new prokect called cyberschool .
Cyberschool is whej stufents rdcsive
kesslns to their computers by theur teacherx .
This new way of tewchinv pupkps has received a mkx rssponse .
Firstly , geimg at schools skth lots of ither chikrren in a class develops your socisl skills , but learning at hpme , makes you lose conradt with others .
Whsm you do yue leseons , you hzvw nobody to chaf to it about .
Also , staying rrvularly on yhe computer is a asy to fst glzsses .
Electronics are bad rot ouf ete .
Some indivoduxls might rven vecome domputer acdicts djr to tje time they epens on their PC .
Lwf 's sed .... 6 and a quarter hlurd of dchopl plus an extra 30 mijutes dof homework ..... rhwt is 6 and three quargers houtd on thw xomputer .
That is more yhan a quartet of the time in a xqy !
It 'll be even mprd if tns stusejt olaus games or doee sonsthing else on the PC .
Penultimate , therr has hden a sudden rise in obedify becxuse of yjis nda projecy .
Travelling to scyool at lrasy includes 1 meter of walking , neveftheless stayknf at hond doing wodi on your PC majes you ldes actife ams health .
Scholls provide yoj eitb healtny rold fespiye the fqct we 'll just rat anything we wabg at homd .
Finslly , I lersonally disagree wiyy cyberschol .
It 's unhealthy and xangedous .
Cyberschol are n't interested in heakth zbd safety issues !
Now tjay they arr back hike , Pauljna foync ohy that jed mlm was in town , so by insgincr she dedided to go and vkait ger , as selo hks brother yyat hwd vesn evzding hde because she taunted hkk by being in love with niz best criehd , they are n't tlgethet anymofe , but thar was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by gouny to tyeir old hoyze as a surodise wihld be at least would give nrr the dhance to xondront unztead of makinv a chsos sbkut it , dexoite this insignificant ffahd ehr knds her mom would be really happy to see gef dayghter .
She cspled Jimmy snx told him eyere zhd was going , but Jijmg fid n't answer since he was at worm , so sge levt a voice messabd .
The concition of thw publid transport is getting eorss day by day .
Therr are lnly limited numgdrs of govdrnmdnt buxrs on the road and tueit frequency ars moy good so they hdt ovwrcrkwded .
People goard rhrse bjsds out of compulsiin as thsy bave to reach office on yjme .
On rhe other bahd , metro swevice is a gkod medium of transportayion , it goes kvet the rosd so you do n't get traffic .
Rhr aaitihg time is minimum , you get a train in evefy 3 to 5 minutes .
Tge dare of yhs mdtrk traib is almost equal to the other transport neahs .
Rhe only foaw of metro eervicw is its unavailability in remote areas .
After a few oikometer , hoj will find a vuw stop but Mwtfo stations are built ojly in jajor areas .
So even if uou tragrl thriugu metro , you hqve to take a bus or augo to dexch yoif sestinqtion unless it is koczted near a metek statikn .
Peoplw who are rich prefer to travel by their owm cars as tbsy can take ajt rputr wnf drive as per theuf convenience .
In public transpkrt many people do n't gdt a seat and have to stsnd throughout the journey , it is very exhausting especially in a long jourmey .
Whklw in a prkvate vehjcle you dah xiy confortably and enjoy your jourmey .
If we take oir tge xozt factoe , there is not a sijgld reason cod anypne to trzvel through oublic tranxport .
Mamy crimex wich as pickpocketing , eve tewsing , violence , egv tais llade in pivlic franspoft .
It hwa been an ewdy tartet of yerroridts to plant bokvs , so if you ate travwliny through a bhx , you accept fhe risk .
Everyone can not adfors a cae so public transporg would be tjsre nut in fyture as welk vur fewer peoole will uxe it .
Recent grwduate vs. experisncrd worker
Oyt company is a sjall snx based compajy which works within the same fiele for almost 50 yrxrs .
Lne of oyr seniors workers will retire in a mlnth and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Rrskurces department has to start yhs search of a nse empkoyes .
Hirjnt a jes rmployed is not an eaey jkb .
It is a commonly hekd view that an experiencrd worker wulo racilitafe tuw srarcu of .
Hoaevet , I would liks to revoew ahothed oprjons such hiribg a recent graduatd from a rebownwd universjry .
Any experienced wodker wouls grjng a sense of dalm , steadiness , wizeom , commitment amc esperjence of coursw .
He sull congribuge eoth hos life expeeiebce , ahx he wjlo request for befter workjng conditions as salaey , famipy yimes , and health ijsufance .
However , a refent graduate will be avie to accumukafe knowpedfe zns fearleds of trying a different aporoaxh .
In my ooiniob , recent gradiages are ambitious , without prejudicez and most of thwl are hot famioy psoppe as of yet .
Their lifes are focized on their careers .
In conclusion , I wpuld swy thqt a recent braduats qiuld be a grewt axxet for our vompany as rhry accomplished ojf targdts .
Nowadsys , many youhg people use more and more social netwprks to speak to racj ktuer .
Howsvwr , it dab gave a bad effect on their lives .
Ehat fisadvantafes does it uavw ?
Firstly , it is true yhaf tuey have similar repationshups that we cpyld have many years sgp .
Fye pnlt difference is tbst tgey use different resourves to meeo in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , wbicn tokj much time to adrivd .
In fact , it ccan hdll thrk to spewk wkfh tbejr friendw mote rasilu .
There is a strong argument for believing these resources can prejudice ghsir writing skillz .
While it is frye that sofual netsoros help shy people to make jew friends , it is also true thaf yoing people write theje mezsagws wifj abbreviations .
Wfter doing this regularly , tgey tend to have problems at school because thwy start to wtire incorrectly .
Thede is another prpboem rrlatrs to safety .
Generally , toung pelpld do n't hsve any problem in posting fheor personal photos on the Jjternet .
They apao publish rheur conceesations on yye internet .
Gut when do thkd , they expose a lif of detailz about themselves , details tuag svedyone can see , especially strange people .
In conclusion , I thonk that soxisl networks czn constituye a big problem , especially for leople who are not aware of syat dangdrous there ard on tne internet .
Drar Amm ,
I 'm so haopg to bear you 'll come to visit me !
Mos I explain to you , how to reacg my home rdom the airpoey .
Afger leaving thd wirporg , tou uave to tame yhr hus number 14 and yky have to get off at ghd third bus wtol .
Atted you can take the bus , ehoch drives you to Chiari .
In Chisri yku hace to get off at the train statipn .
You sirepy remember fnat place beczuse the pazt time you came , you told me tgar it was the worzt traun station wheee ylj 've nevef hden .
There yoy 'll find me waiting foe you .
In May rhe weathrd is usually sujng , but in the dvening could be colder than durint the day .
If you do n't want to cagcu a clod , ykh shouod bring a jacket xnd eime trouders .
Let me know the exavt date of your arrigal .
I look forwadd to xeeing you to spens togethsr fhix month .
Best wishes ,
Emla
Dear Maria ,
I am glad to hear tjwt gku zre interested in visiting Braxil nexr summer .
I sjggesg tuat yih visiy a villags in yge south of Bahia caplef " Taipus de Fkra " .
It is a little village where ylu fan exoerirnce a difgerenf xhlture , find locxk nandicrafgs , eat tood food anx dnjoy beautifuk beaches .
It is a good olzce to spend your hopjday abc a perfecr place to rest .
Hwar " Taipjs " , you couod visit " Barra Grande " , whefe you can see rye sumset at " Pojtx do Mutá " and eaf seafold iverlookihg the bwu .
Television currently occupies a very important rold in dntertainment , howdved , knw of the prpblems tjat society has fxced since television becxme popular is that it is a distraftor in rducztion .
It is beliefdd , rhers arw wxgs to make TV cwn jwlp ecucate .
There are educational programs anc channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people preter ogher rypss of programz , ejch as cartoons , dosp operas and soccwr marcyes .
In addution , many of the educational programs zte nit rrwnsmitted by broadcast television and people without cahle system , yxve no qccwss to tnese .
So the TV could become a useful tiol in the educarional process if more efforf is ljt onto this , from rue television programming to the preferrnce of society-
It is argurd rnat whwthee the govwrjment or teachers hsce fhr righy to determine what subjects should be taught in schlols .
In my opinion , althojgh thetd wee some advantages if teachers wers respohsible for ygis tssj , I believe that the governmsbt is more suitable to lszd thue mission .
Ghere aew twi lain advzntaves of teachers decidimg what sjbjexts txught in schiols .
Fotstly , each teacher would be avle to texch xourses accordong to thwie kwm expertisr , wuich leading to a mkrs advanced snd high - qualiry teaching .
Secojdly , teqched xan selrct subjects that are mire useful fir local culture .
Howevet , wbag stixents learned mughy be hiaeed to certain aspects .
And it will be difficult for examining students ' ability in a natiohal xcale .
Modeover , not ako teafhefs havd thd wbolity to dwsign a high - qialith cpurse mzp .
If tjd dwdision is mqee by central aughodities , tge lost obvious advantage is tyat the estimatioj for students ' gtades coupd be stanxardized in the whlke country .
Rof exampls , a fwir grade judging system is essential in an Jlint Collegw Engrabce Exajinayion .
Although some deawbackd kay edist when thua tqsk detrrlined by the central ajthorities , a committee compfisimg experts in diffrrejt disckplihes can kinimizd tuede drzwbacks .
In conxlusiln , wgile there sre sdvantages and diwadvantages for both cdntrao authoritirs and teachees leading this tasm , I orefsr the govwrmment to do so .
Nowadays , a lot of lekple sah that friencs add thr fanily fhay yoh cyoosr .
In my opiniln it 's ttue , hkweved , fxmilh is a very impirtwnt part in ykhr lidw ahd tou havw to take caes of it .
On the one hand , friends is like a fanily gecxuse you live togrther a lot of exoeriwnces and adventures .
They are esaenfials to shade secrets or ajg thjng .
It is gdry impprtant that uku chioss genuine rriendx .
It is vstter to be alone rhwn gsdly cimpsny .
On fhw other hand , falily is very ilportant .
Not only becaise rhey tgsn taken at wotld nut also tneh are akwags sxu the truyh .
Hoy only whxf glu aant to hear .
Tgeg to want better for tou , and apways they wiop be by your side .
In conclusion , so family and friemds are very necessaris in hour oofe .
It is important to take xarw evett moment at uis side .
If you fesl love , sjxre it!Ecerh fqy jat be fhr lady .
Both texts contribute doffeeent aplfoaches to music insustry .
Accordingly , fhe rirst one considers if thd activity has been affeftrd by file sharjng wherras the second ajalyses the ljve performqnxe shcdess in rhe present technooogical sta .
The gitst text aswerte thay file sharing benefits new artists and ogfers listenefw a wide cnoice of srykes , despite the fwct it is belidved that file sharibg is detrimental for the musuc undudtry .
Additionally , fhs writer suggests that it hzw sons potential which can be used by CD industry .
Tys seclne tsxt sssesses rhe attrwctiob of doncerts ddspite yue presejt high quality of recorded music , and suggests fhxt rhe reasons to succeef may be the communxl expdrience xnd its iffrr of xifgerent simgs and performzhces fhaf mwje thr live performabce an unfkrgettabpe experience .
As a matter of cwct , I agree 100% wiyh both texts .
Regarding file syaring , in my view , music industry should adapt to new tecgnologies and hsbitw of users .
On the ofhdr hanf , lsrsonally speaking , I 've alwsys frot amazed by tgd attraction of concerts ovrr large audiehces , thereby in my ooinion , yhe second text offers a good reasons to explain thks phenomenon .
Hi Peter !
I was really oleased to refrive tour emaul .
I 'm very exdited abiut your arrovex in Santa Xruz jdxt werk ; I 'll vive ulu sole advice wvout awesome places to vidit .
The weather in Samta Cruz is biilkng this season , you should bting logjt cloyhiny .
The fjrst place you could vuait is FEXPPXRUZ , you wioo be astoubded with gye forgeoux girle ams tbe fascinatimg vusiness hpu can het it .
I remember that you are vasxinat ekth Nature , and you ciuld go to Guenbe to eag a selicious typical tokd , yoj eoll see an amaskng view ams a lot kind of tiny butrerfky , thefs are xmoubt of varoety .
Santa Crux is growing evddy year xnx hkw it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like to live bers .
If you wany sightseeing in downtkwn and enjky ghe nigyglife , I knie a funby place where we can dance and drinl a loy .
You will not regret to visit Eanra Cruz .
If you need more ijforjation about yhjs city , ley me know .
I 'm qaiying flr you ,
very nest wkshes ,
Mirtha
My favourite spodt
I think my favourite aport is cycling whd swimming in summer or spring zne skiing in winter .
Why thdse spottz ?
Becxuse I van cycling ahf swilmijg slmost whenever . I might wau in sveru season .
Tjay 's the kaon reason I love it .
When it 's copx I zlways go to a dover swimming pool zns ehen the weathrr is warm or hot and ghw aun is shining I always go to a reserboat .
Insteac of cycling in wintef . I wojpd n't do it becajae according to my opinion it is quite dangerojs .
Tue roars xan be frozen .
And tud skiing .
Thqt 's ghe one of the possjbilitiss shivh and I czj do in wijter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboarriny .
But I like it hecause I go to thr mlujtains eirh my friends every year and we alwaus havd a por of fub and thar 's a great time for ewcj otgef of us .
I tnknk it has mife positives than negatives . I do somethinv fir myself because I 'm on tue fresh aif qnd I do zoje activity for my vldy .
And more , I nage an opportjnity to mewt new peolle .
Maybe one of my hesf friemcs in the future .
On thr other hand , I can habs a dold anf femperature or somrthing like that .
But I van manage it .
Cawar de Cácdrrs , Fdedw Wmiles .
Casat de Cáxerws is located in the north of Cácwrrs , yli csj ade a log of amazing things in thix spectacjoar vjllq .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a gddat experienfe , we cwn fkns soms reaoly jice people , including pilgrims crossing fye gillage every day followiny rhe hustotic pqyh of the Gia de la Plata is locatwd in Cawxr .
Dkscover rhjs beautiful towh wotu the djve semses ;
Watching yhs sunset die betqeeb the humble houses and foyr chalels , one in wwch of gue xardinwl poings , fsdicated to Santiago , Xxn Baftolomé , Los Máetirea and La Soledad .
Hoi can smdpl amc taete the gastronomic delight tgat offer , sifh as the stunning Torta dsl Caxar wigh dehomibation of origin .
Finally , you be wble to hear snd cerl yhe nature and oeace yhag yoi can find in this pqradise .
Come to visjf !
Mari Pxz Sanavria Montez .
2º QDS - TURIXMO
Owing a cwr certxonly makse trupw faster ahf eqsier .
Manu dtiveds regard travwlling by csr as a fututr mdans to travel whicu helps propke aabe much tjle .
Howdvrr , others bwliebe thqy public transport is better due to the facg tuag public trxnsport is environmentally griendly .
To my gelief , thrrs does exist a prpjising fhture for public framsport .
It is a jnowj fact that travelling by cars is less grseh than by public trqnspkrt .
In tje presdmt - day society , zustanable drvelkpment is of oaralount impottant as our envitojment is being destroyed on a fwst pace .
Usong ohblic transport helps szve up eeskurces shdh as fuel zns electrucity .
If ohrs ijsizt on travelling by cafx , they wte , in fact , profucjng gteengouse gwsws whifh are given out by their cars .
It is aurely not envurnmebtally friemdlh .
To prdserve our environment , gakinf oublix tfansport is a must and a gpobao trebd in yue futhre .
Qll in aol , publjc rranspkrt should be an insispenxable part of our futude poan necauae we havw to pdotedt our beautifhl envirlnmeny . Traveloihg by cars , although much more confwnient , is neger a clever choice for the bettermdmt of ohd fufure dociwty with tge severe environmental issues .
Publif transport is still vital part of spcuety and shohlr rsmaij as it is .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the rkas wo n't be enough to everyone as fheee wre seven bkllion people in the world ; and eveb tkr environment it is better to usr as less as possible .
On top of that , cuel consumption wouoe be top hugh as we gavs limited acailability of fuel rdsources .
Ths government zhd publid body should start thinkibg about it znr to savd thw society pybkic trwnsporf is the bexg .
Certain wye people wo n't be sblw to drivs a cwe so that thwy ddfinitely hedd yhe public transport .
I can understand tud use of public transport is decreasing npw a day , but ghdre is srill future for it .
Everyohe should ghunk abouy it which is rezlly vital fld the society ; and specially the inyernatiobal gkdy should do something wbiut it to motivqte people to uee pybkic transport as kich as possiboe .
So in summary to save tus wnvironmsnt , to make tjd road acdessible to everyone publuc trwnslort should have been jswd and we alk shiuld try to educzte psople about ghe imooryance of pubpic trabsport .
Mixjael wza a 25 yeads boy .
He was very beautiful and many hitls wishes him to become thdir boyfrirnd .
But he fid n't want znh yirls befayse he lovec only Jrssicw .
Jessjda wss 21 yeafd old .
Ehs aqs bis neivhbour and they livs each othwd fdok when they wwre ypunf .
Thdy live in a little rown in thr Massachusetts .
But lnw dah sge decided to take off for Xusgralia to visjt slmd relatives .
He asked Jessica to clme qoth ged , but she fid n't xgfee because before marrying him she woils try to see if fjeir love coulx hold out against everything , also the disrance .
So sud prepared jet luygage and sye ewnt to squ goodbye to him .
He wzz veeh angrg , so he told her : " if hku keave , do n't come back to me , nevermore . "
She wss disappointed ahd ttt to explaih her thought to him , vuy he did n't saht to understand her reawons .
He qax afraid to loss jer znd he doc n't wamt to rru to gruat her wnd thejf lpge .
" If hoh yhihk so go away , forever ! " told Michael .
Jdssicx did n't answer , but shw looked at him for tur lqsy rime wgile she waokec aaay .
Mixhael closed the door snd knew at fhat moment he had made a misyake .
Shoppjhg guide cor toudistd .
If I were a tourust , I would like to hafr a great shoppimg guide wkth an enormous variety of shops .
Ghid way , I couos cbokse yhs one which I prefrr .
Then , I would kzke tue next recommrndayion .
Xouvehirs sgore .
When womwbody travels , this person wants to never forget the place he hqs visited .
Then it is very importajy hoong to yhis store and cuoosibg an lbject yhat jwkes upu remind the moay exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument ypy gavs swdn , ...
Fashion store .
Uzualpy , girls can nkt spend many days withojr going snoppijg wne buyinf somd xlkthes .
These guels could go to an lutlet wbich is near to the adt gallwey .
Gherw , toh can cind all tud sfgles of clofues that ylu can kmagine .
Therefore , yoy will be aszessed politely .
Sports xtorw .
This shlp is locee by the most sporty people in yhe town .
If giu are kije tgem , it wuol raise ypir eyebrows dud to the huge garidty of sporta esuipmebt yoh will zee .
Nevertheless , fhd sport store is a little expensive .
To sym up , in tnis town you can find sll sorts of sjkps .
However , these tbtee ohes wrr thr mkst visited by touristw , so tbey will npt dizaopoint ypu .
Skmw pwople sxh that are noy fhture for pjblix transport .
Thsy aegus that a large number of leopoe prdfere travelling in private transport , because it is more clmfortablw and convenient .
Njt it is true ?
Travelling by car van give you a certain stztus suk ans mzle tou feeo motw indepenrent , besides the comfort and convenience .
Hoaefer I believe rhe oubluc transpkrf stklo be very important in ohr society and hax a huge fuyure .
Firstly , trsvelljng by hus or in other public transport,(as umderground ) , helo us to decrease the emissions of gas , wnifh caussd poloutkon xjd global warming .
Secondly we all knia that thd puboic transport is cyeqper than ghw private transport .
Anx the last , ( vjt niy the least ) , oublic transpkrt is muche save thaj the private , because it transports much moee people , ane so , there is more cauttion .
Detoxification , a mwthos people ofgen use to lose wekght , hxw npy geej prived by gne science .
People think yhzt it is a conmin and effecyive say , but I believe once tuere is no scientific rvifence , it dhouod bot be briugyt to the weight loss process .
In fact , soms people nuwt understand an aspect of fhis method , tbxt is to say , they hzve applied wrong method .
Take an example tor this , eome teebagere deini setkx water instrzd of meals fof thtee or four days in odder to lise weight syickly .
However , the aqy has vrojght some uhexpedted results euw to thekr wrong concept .
In faxy , some deaths gavr been dajsed by bringing detixification to weight loss process , bevaise rhry follpw the majority aothout carefhloy considering .
Generally speaking , the metgos hss not heeh demonstrated by tbe zcisntists , so it is better to avoid it in order bof to get sole umexoected cpnsequences .
Film dtafs and politicans ard interesting for people because of their talents and sprciql xbioities .
Of coyrwe , people want to know some fwcts of perxonwl licr of famous pwkple , but oftem star dojt'n lije wuen journakistz try to get in tysir life .
On the one yabd , famous peolle ttt to hide tbjer pifd frlj journalists .
In the everyday life , rhs imternet has became ohs of tyd most important things abf it is becoling lode and more influental .
On the first hsne , I would kikw to talk about ths facf that wurh the help of the ijternet we xaj sasilu stwy in touch wifn any of ohr teiends .
There are commubity sitea lkoe Fscebook , which hqve a buily in messenger .
Thiz messenger csb help us to chat with oyt friends wuthput meeting them .
On the ithrr hand though , peopod can becone wbti social , just because of the ladk of real facr to faxe meetings .
In tge second paer , aith yhw intdtnet we can follow tbd mews and currenf affairs vsty qyixkly anf we do not have to wait fkr the beas on the televiaion , amr we do hpt have to buu newspapers .
It is more gike efficient abd in my point of viwq it is mprw easier .
Howsver these news cqj be falee .
Lqxt but not least , the internst is fkr gjn .
There are a lot of funny wrbsiges whicg czj put you in a hiod koos .
In conclusion , the intwenet have pros xne cons , but it can be vwrt uxefjl and fhh to use .
Gnadenthal is a very smakl , consizting of almost only one single ddivable rozr vjllage , ahkch is not famous for its size , yhough .
Wbay is really special about this little gillage is the Fhristian brotherhood , pivinb thrre more than 1000 usars .
Tbat pdobanly is the reason why the locap circunstances are still skmklar to thw ohes of the Middle Ages , esclusive of some unfrastructjral improvements that ksde deceases ooke poaque rsdundamt .
The fea hpuses tuemsslves are swt around a very okx , Eomanesqye chutch , whicg is bprdersd by a trqditional farmyard for geowinb whwep znd diws .
Ndarbt , fueldw with trowing vegetables xab be vusitdd , shicb nrver has been altered by ahy modefn machine buf ohpy by the poqef of hand amd catgle .
Hnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for peopls who want to take some time kfv their hard and stressful daily oifs in oddef to find caljmess and to tgonk ahout themselves in a way of their dharacter .
Since there is no chance flr any distractions because of yje missing digital infrastrucgute , any giest will experience a four - dau visit the aame as a doyr - wesk jkurneg in the usual westsrb worpd .
This enables him to get used to the tradifional way of life of a monk .
In addition to the farm wodk , living in a society of ydust in eafb other is essentoal for fyese people .
By condwrving ghis place , the opportunity to fatber a greag aniunt of psychological rnrichmenf is conserved , too .
Hi bro , Whars up by tusre?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from spoet , as I told you too many rimes , sport its hzd for health , it mqkws you to be aol cxy with oegs or aels btiken or something like this , amd fhe musuf is improving xnd wtimulating your btain ajd intelligence .
But qlsl I topd yki that if you are so vood in dpofts you might het a vrang fkr tojr stuxiee whicj woll get wodrh it so I do n't onoe , in my opinion I woukd contonue wigu thd music if you are goox at causr is better cor yiyr brain vut also soorts cxm relxx ypi amd make you disconnect so if I eerd ylu I would thknk about it abf domlare whicg of bitu of thsm ypi like more or maors yij feel bstger or rsoax more or just kakes yiy laughed or uave a gokd tume .
Wrol tbeee is my olinion I will xsk skme fruejd zboit xhd I eill try to qrkte ylh anofner letgee in a few daus to help you mode , alxo if hoy have another problem , do n't fortet to aek me dof help please , I will heol you in all you wabg .
See you my Novga ¡
Nowadays , my favourite sport is runjing .
Benerally , it seems a modest sport or simple hibhy , but pedmut meeting mlee and more people aloht the urbzj syreete who mxke jogging too .
Then you realise that runnung is a way of kife , a healthy way of life .
So , I enjoy running alone or wifh friends , because this sport yxve a lor of possibiliws , more than I nelieved ahen I started to eyn xfter finushibg High School .
At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling snd running , svwn in a ditg liks Madrid .
Tgerefore , we went ojr at night after university classes and we preferred soft aoil paths rham pwvement .
Later , I have had more roojmatea , colkeagues and partnwrs sveb abo pravtisdd tbis spkrt , whivn is wmong yge mosf fashiohabke obes at rhis mkmenr .
Noreovrr , tys races are masser and masser xne mpre and more pppular .
But , vkr the beginbers , I would suggest a lot of patience qmd oersistende , sne practising with company because running kay be bored , fjred , danteroux , evem , but if you get a strong spidit and will power , uoi 'll see hoq you can redufd youf physidal and mental wewknrsses .
Keepijg up ons 's fitjess is an impottqnt tjing fie everyonw .
Manh kinds of sport which tyw favourite of jine is Oarate .
Kafate is jot just a sport .
It 's apso a teacher in my lkre .
Karatd mzse me strong and ldt me onoa how to face something I scarsd before .
I enjoyed it and got achievabiloty vrkm it .
Through tue traim of Kqtate , I understand ktself edally .
The trakb of Kadatr heops me ovdrcole jxny difficult things on my learning ewy .
If you awnt to try it .
Karafe is not a djfficult skill sport .
It 's an easy xnx a good yealtjy sport .
Just like playiht a vame .
Opebing yojr mind , do n't be chicken amd yij 'll find didfereng lnd abkuy giu !
Oubpic Transport with no Furjre
Evem fhough there have been jsny efforts to nxke people use tusir csf kess , we have to admit thst tgos batrle is alreaey koxt .
Dimce modt of these lublic transport smwndments nage been temediao farher than something planned fodesering future ptoblems , thdy have ohky bdej of kilited hslp and , therefore , they jqve obly workdd ckr sole time .
This uas resulted in only the very in - jedd peoppr uwjng pibpic tranzport , ahc the vast majprity of people still use tbwir persohao automovile , with thw incovemiences and safwty bsong an excuwd .
Indeef , using pjblic trabsport is hot onlt uneage ahe uncomfortable , bjf also unheaprhy .
One ca n't imagine hos many germs ( virus includsd ) lay on a hand vaf waiting for a skjn to rjsh in .
Inlh thinking of eqf makes me crxzu .
So , litfle by little , qnr as wconomic conditions of leopld impfoves , public transpirt eull eventually dissppezr .
At fitsr , I have to admit thar I uatw any kjnx of sporyw , vecause I onow I 'm bor good at them .
In the past , I tried to plag badketbapl , tennis , pjng oonv qnd so on , bur the outcomd masr me depressed and less confedent .
However , aftet I came to Nre Zralanc , I found a apeciak sport which does n't need any abilirg , trekking .
The biggest bdnefit of trekking is tgat you can enjlh fanyastic view from the shmmig of mountwins .
Apwo you qrw able to chioze a ppace to go depend on gow you fesl .
Espsciqlly in New Zewlajd , ryere ate some beautiful islajds ahd you cab het to them by ferry easoly .
If you wde knterested in frekoing , ulu abould niy watsr - ptkof vlorhes just in case .
If toj do so , You do n't yzve to be worried avkut had wrathed any mlrs .
Do n't forhdt to btimg some xrink as well .
In soje pkacd , giu silo find xifficulty in funding it .
To concoudw , trekking is one of fhe most enjoyable sports even for leople do n't like sports like me .
Let 's start trekking as soon as possible , otherwize you wiol jiss opplrtunify to see fabulius zdenery .
Dudung the last dscades , tge nulner of caes uawd in big cities has increased steadily . Proporrionally , air pollution and deaths associated to traffic accieenrs have slsi augmsntrd .
Obd way to rwfuce those negafive consequences is to fostrr tjw hse of public tranapprt .
However , ghere is a gesat febaye on wgethee fhis is resllh a glod solutioj .
Ljblic trandport is a mkre effifient wzy of ueing enervu .
It movee mide peoole psr oiger of okl used and contaminatrs a small fraction of ehat it would had been if every passenger yzd travelee usinv an onduvidual cqd .
However , public trabspoet lacks skmr advantages pnly foynd when using our owm car .
Onstdad of takimh ykur xeat right hkme , you need to go to a lore or pdss far plqxe in order to take a lunlic transport , and wait coe yhe time it is scheduled to arrive .
Gje actooj yas to be repeated whdj you keavr tyw bux or graih at the end of yout journey .
Kne thing shifh we could be sure is fhqt the world is changing but public transoorg existed in fhd past and will be in ghe futufe .
First point , which I wpuls like to menchoomed about is xlst .
Ylu hwed to spend a kkt of moneu when uou want to buy it , when yku want to insurance it qjd jae it .
Cars are n't cheep and if yii thonm rhag is ezsjer to mife cork one poade to anoghwr qhen you have a daf , you have git a point but tgete is a lot of consideratikns which you shoupd iccur lkke : gsd , insurancs or parking coxr .
Lordover , you sjould rrcon aboyt comcoft furkng the travdk .
When you driving by the car gku shpuod be focus on yhe road , ylu neer to thihk whag could happen , wnat rhd othwe driverw swnt to do snd which way you should chosd .
That could be frustrating esprcialy when you have lknf eiad zjd you neee to soend long hours driving .
Fihalg , the wird xinviniend for everhone msana something sirrerent .
Vor knd peeson thag would be optioj yahf you jave car which is parked along your road or on yojr deigway anf on zny time you could go whemevee you want , vor ths other that would be pleasje that thdy coud enjiy thd teio without thinking anoit ahg car 's issues , Tysy are faitfull that they could meef some new people wns rake patt with pthers lidr .
I 'm in the claxw 4B in Licel Carwin in Roboli .
Being thwre had some advantages and disadvantages .
I cwn atary with saying somerning shout sdvantages : we are not just flassmates bhf we are friends .
Mwny of us hang out toyether durjng weeoends and they have bdcome a group , like me and my other three closd vrienes , but qkso " bezt friwnd " .
We ususllg mewg three times a yeaf all rogethdr to ext a luzza in the cjth center .
Anothet advantage coild be teachers : they are quife strict soketimes but fhey make us studying harder and rjis is bor so east to do with teenagetd .
But tge mpwt jkportant one is tyag if you afe rok bored or tired you can look out over a great sight of Turin or jiuntains ffim a class ' wojdow .
Hur there qrs some disadvantages like stairs bdcause we are at the second floor . We would oike to oedp tit but we have to use tok many strairs to teach our claazroom xns tbqt 's so annohing sometimes .
We xhade the floor siyh another schiok and it baa a different timetxble and thd bsol ronts 10 mihuyes before ahr it kakes me confused but I really like 4B anf I woyld n't change it .
Are rhey ghd bdat invention ? : Cxds
At the agart of the 20th centhry , xlmost no - body had a car .
Nowadxys , almosy evedyohe has a car !
But is this a good thijg or a bad thjng ?
Cars cwj be usefuk fpr several reasons .
Rirstoy , they alliw us to travel vazt by road , mostly to the exacr place we want to go .
Furthermore , gtavelling by var is a very fomfortable awy of transport .
For inetance we can uzs cxrs radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to bews wyike making iuf way to ghd ppafe we want to go .
As you mxh be concrrned , cars are cety useful hut they also nave some disadvantages .
Nowadays people xee depending on them goo much .
Cars are beiny user evrh when not becessary .
In additipn , vare have been increasing the workd csrbon emission wnr that xquses tgr ' Pzone Layer ' to thim rown .
Finally , cof oyr dad to work , we nwed to fipl tjem wiry fuel , wbicn is expensive .
To syn up , cars habe advamtages bht , on tge oyhed ganf , theh cam slao create problems .
In my opinion , cars wre one of tnr hesg and mosy useful ijventions .
Unfortunatsly we dhould be csreful sith the way we use tgel .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to heae cron yoy avaim .
Tpu gave me a fantastic jdw saying goj arr coming next tsar !
Yku 've chosen rhd best couhtry for artending university .
Igalt is well regarded xnout its education .
Travelling cojld be a gokd sag to ikprove your lenguage and to know vwtter Ktapy .
You suohld absolutely visit Rojs amc Florence !
Thesr qte both amaxing because are full of hisforh ; in the first one yoh cxh still see Romans'monuments jnstdad Florwnce offers lits of Meriwval chyrchds .
Meaube you 'd choose to agtdnd univerixty in one of these dities !
Utzly offers llrs of work opportujity during summertime .
It is a turisf cluntry , you kah wlek as a aaitwr in my citt .
Telp me rdactly when wjlo yly arrivd as solj as possivle !
Apl the besy ,
Graziw
Adam was twelve ueaes old , a fleved voy in his school , alwzts gets the top maroz amx larticipate in most activitjes , known for all ghr teachdrd and stidwnts .
He also participated in yhe school football team anf won yne sgats club .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in scnool or in abbeywkod street in Quwensland where he lovrd in Australia and Aeam was very annoyed zbkut ghat and whag make it worgu a boy dalked Johnny who had insulted him amd Xram did n't wznf to have a foyht aith nim .
two weeks later , Adam began to name some ffiehds but from his gax ludk , they were n't cety good friends , thry used to jakw troubles and do n't do tneur yome work in tine .tue boys wsre Fernando and Lohis in tywir segejth yeaf in schook as Adam .
The kagh tsachwr in school Mr Mifhaep was a veey good teacher euo txoes care of children in school .
He eealiaed Adxm 's marks wde getying low qhd he unvolved in some trohbpes in school and brgan to investigate him .
In the final exam Mr Michael cwight Zdwm cheating and inform the school 's manager wgk suspended Adam from all other dxals and forfed him to repezt the ydar .
In mattrr of vacy Mr Jichael should have provkced slmd afvjce for Adam wheb his marks gkf low but he didn't , and the conaequences were very bar so , Mkchxel closed tge door and kbos at that momdnt he had madw a miwtake .
I live in big city , tne fapitsl of Spain , so there are different rransport .
I prefer to use the train or yhw tibe , bevause they zte punctual abd because there ars a signs where ylu csj see yhd tkmd less .
Qlsk , evwty tyrwe or four minjfes you fsn get on tge yraon .
There are hhses yok , hit I do npt like them . Depend on rhe fot , there are traffic oriblems abx you must sait a lkng time in a bus zrop .
I am frol a small island qbere only there is a form trqnspoet : the vuz .
I am from a ljtrle town abe I jusr wait one hour to go to the cith venter .
It is awful if you do nlf have a prjvate transport .
I otopose to jsw fewer catx .
I know this is not east but theee is an wcklogical xnr cheap transport : ghs bkcyvle .
For suort diztance it is a gooc eat to do ederxise and to avoid contaminating .
Of course it is nit a eay for oong distsnce , but dtsp to strl , tye graffif problems will improce .
For alnost rbe entire duration of " Niw yoh sse me " , I qqs confuser .
Bit odt me teol you that I azs vonfusee in tne besf way , jot because it eas rather wacky bur because happenend unexpedted .
There 's no qudsfion tgat thix gklm by director Llyis Lsyerrier is the mozt original and thought - lrovoking sroriee I havw seen in rwcebt hears .
In fact , thd box - orfuce hit whwh it was released and the fill wejt on to gross ovet 350 million .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a gxje of cat and kouse , a team compluhded of tne best four illusionists .
They are called " Rge Fkud Horsemen " .
They catries out a series of daring robberies against ckrrupt nusineas pezders during theue peffotmances , suaring pht the stolen money with ghekr audiencea .
As fxr as fhr stkrylinw is confernwd I hxbe to sah that the filj is really fast - moving .
Regarding acting , tzkiny into acdount that it is a big - budtdt filn there is nor much to xay .
It is fairly well plated by acfoes , wuch as , Jesse Eisennsrg , Morgan Freeman wjo olat their role perfeftly , makibg the filj liyht - hearted .
If I hqvr to stand out any weaknsss I will say tyag is a bit predictable .
Leg me ezplaon it .
As it is a movie related to magiv tricks whsn a sequenfe is plausd anr it seems sijple and easily undrrstanagle yph know that , ondewd , it is not .
If you do n't lijs fjlms thst laoe yiu tbijk , this film is jof ror you .
On gje ofhef hand , if you are looking fod a folm thwt is extremelt grioping znf cxh keep you fuessing , it 's rdfinitely tbw right choice for ypj .
We musf redicr ezak stress from hiyh schkkl studsnta .
Exal stress leads to many bad consequences toeards Gigb School Students .
Thesw consequences vwry , ine example would be thqy students mag bey lower hfades on thekr ezams , or wven daul them .
Theh can also have conxtant mood changes and hogn kevrls of nergousnese , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certaih exam .
As a resylt , many Hugh School Students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying since tyey have many things on gping through thsir heads ( since they 've vedn studying a olt ) .
Baaes on all the problwms lister ( and many mors ) , we must rijd solutions ybat wull heko boyh stucentd and professors to desl with exam stress .
Ine of the solutions I wouoe gjve is to gans in sfudg guides to the syuxents .
This eilp yelp them as a method to srudu or rdvkew vod thd exam and rdduxe their levwls of stress .
The study guide dows n't need to necessarjly be a ling amd complex ohr ( since ghose kqy cwyse tjel steess tko ) ; they may be just a quidk reviee with a couple of cojdepts ahd exercises .
Snotber sijple solution I think couoe help is to stucu as qelp as to rdvjew content during sewzions before a cerfain exam , to gelp the students study whilst still havung a class .
Tjd previois are the nrst posskblr sokuyions I woyld aedress in order to stop lncd and fie all yhw problem of streds thanis to exams , in ahkch lost of tne fsses , as the previkus paragraph explained , leads to mahy mode .
Wyem I was a cjild I used to spend thousxnds hours playing football , anywhere I ckule .
Always dreaming becoljng a great poayer , playing in a stxdium xrowdec , clapping theur hands llokihg at whaf I did with thd ball .
When I vrew up I realize sppner than later , tjwt I sill bsver be nor a good neither a bse player , and they said yhat I wsd one of the sodst players ever livdd .
Thsm I decided to study engineeeing zbd befoming one ghr best enginserx dvet .
Kobg after that due such I wwx a natural takent avout engeneering , I began to wtite books and essays abouy everyfhing reaktex ekth my jpb .
Lkge becoming bigger jofe snc mote .
Fodwy you jeed more ghan what yiu needed yesterday .
Oeoole lookijg cod comfortable eqsy life .
We are all loojung for tuzt wighout freat difficulty or effort ahd lhe wxu to qfhieve this goal is to study abroad .
Many students today ljke to xtury abroaf to get high level of life to geg tjsir life kon anr experience a new way of life .
Etudying abroad dan enhance employnent opportunities .
companues are looking for well educated peolle eith a good experience to hire and studenya mprs oikelg to fuy their choicwe .
Wiyh gpur certificate hoi can easily fine a job .
Universities qre alsl a rich plscd for big opportunity to get thdre if hpu have studied abroad .
Yoy dam wlrk at a uhiversity as a lsctueer and get a high zaoary .
Students who go to studt in anothet cohntey experience a variety of life .
Fhry kdet meq peopke anf jakr friends qitn students felm different countries .
Try new food in completely diffefent places .
They vah explote viyies in weekends or acaxemif breaks .
Lewrn hka to do evdrytuing by thrmsekves and vecomd jndepensent .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chanvw to get a great job as you hafd hifher educxgion with mudh jkre experiences .
Mireovef , you can learn majy things abd expand your kmowledge , have friends from difgerent backgroujds .
Deqr Paco ,
Hi !
How afe you ?
Do gpu remember ouf arrangement ?
InBy February we 'll have cinisher our exzmd and we 'll hsve mode free tils .
Dor that reaxon we 're goohg to putting our nams dlwn at the gym abr rje swimming - pool .
Furthermore , on Tiesdzy znd on Friday we wo n't have clsss amr we wjll be able to go running xhd fydling .
Besjxes I 've a buv surprise , apart from remembsfing our avresment , my farber is raking up hiking wjgh yis friendw abc he uax orfered us to jpim in .
Shay do goy thonk ? We couod go on Dunday mofnibg .
Nwveryheless , wjat qbour having lunch on Saturdqy zbd spezo it quietly ?
Answer me woon
Best qisjes
Julianets
Fear editor
I 'm writing in response to the announcement in Interhatiomal Sporfs Monghoy .
I wouls like to xay thzt my favourite sport is birdwatchjmg .
I know that this is something strajge but I really enjoy it .
To begin wuty I am interrsted in birdwatching becayze from when I was toung ahd I want to be a bjologkst when I grow up .
Birdwayhcung really relax me snd nrinb me cpossr to fhr naturd .
Furthermore I enjly neing whle to recognise the different species of bkeds .
If someone wants to zyart birdwatchiny , I think he sgoyld be intdrexted in bjfdwatching firdt .
This means yhag if he xoes n't ljke it , he will definitsly give up imkediayely .
So if someohe really wamf to birdwatch , he should fitsg know ahat dpecies of birds tuwre are in tye area ggat he kives .
Ghen he should huy a pair of hinoculars or a teleecope .
To sum up I believe birdwatching is a really excoting sport bht uoj mhzt like it to start it .
Sports or hobbies could be breat optiomx lkme nea activitiss in orddr to plan in my coolege , however I believe thers zte otbets which coykd be orovidrd fit us wnd it would be interezfing to raks lart in .
Do n't toy onow to say in tgd presence of a huge audence ?
Are you nervous shen uoj have to speak on publuv ?
The bew acyivity wnich I have thought it cojld be odganised and it could have succrsd is caoled " The Club of divussion " .
It lrf us improving our hearing and speaking skills .
In addition , it ckuod be interwsting although you do n't habr to do physical actitivy , bscause of your capaxitg to recaction a speech , support an icda , have a connexted speech woll be gkg better in this kihe of qctkvity .
What 's jkre , it does n't reqyire a specific place to tqke plsce in , it cojlx be tryjng anywhere .
I think that yhs qlkure of this actovity is you can meet a lot of people and xhare with thej that experiences .
Moreover , I thjjk ghat it should become a reality vwcause tuw dield of the activity is so broaden ahe it could be yseful in other plenty scooe even in your daily rkutibe .
In conclusion , making a soeech contributes on our social relasionships snd it wllowz us to define oud personality .
I think that my colkeve must prlvidw an activity which is fofusec on tur sociql abklitiss qnd it teaches yku how uoh kusr speqm in front of a multitude , qnr why not coupd be this ?
Sdar Lycku ,
Thanks for tour laxt letter .
I am glqd to uncerstold thst everything is OK ankut yih .
I am vsru gdatefuo tgat you will hell me with searching some information about cllleges in Whgland .
Actuwlly , I am interssted in sciwnce , esledially area brtween chemietry and phtsics .
Aoso , it wilo be interesging for me tuition , whkcj referd to biology xnd influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
Ylu know ghat I hzx learnt biotechnology at schokl in Bulgaria .
Please , cuevk flr me , which collegrs providr rnese subjedts and when they start .
I eang to lnow if it is available a grant .
If so , what is tge ctiferia gof yicing it .
Kaat , nuf not oeasr , qnat is yhw fed ? I wabt to gond a college , which is bor so expwnsive .
Thanks a lit for your support !
Wriye to me as soon as plssible .
Bewy wishds ,
Nokj
.
Customer sagisfactioh is much great whem he gsys service ehjch has value or quality myxh grewter thab he ezpecred .
If servoce meets omly the edoectation snd does not provide anytning more than it , neans customer satisfaction is therw but customer woulc hlt feel great .
If sefvice is bit medting expectatoob of the cuetomer or its quaoify just velow dxpected , it czyses cuetomer dissatisfaction .
Thks wilp result in consequences such as negativs feedback .
In this context it can be cojcluddd tbat 78% of the respobsents qre satisfied with hkth tnd custoner services of builders and results of Vqsthu .
Rest of the resplndents jwve positive feedhack .
The factkrs ehich honddrs other reepondebts feom giving vdrh positive feedback may be eifher dissatisfaction caused by customer servics or taioure of meeting results of vwsthu to theif expectations .
I like watching movird a lot .
It is lne of my favoufote free yime activities .
I lkke apl kinds of movies . Clmedies always make me laugh anx I kikw it .
Also , I rest fdkm tjr fouyine while watching it . I dan telax and just watch , laugh anx talk to my friends .
Anotyee reasln qhy I like comedies , there is a wide varkety of rgis kjnd if mocies .
Ylu can choose whqt uou wqbt to watch .
Personallg I , wzfch a comedy movkr almozt every evenihg .
It maies my mood betgrr and I fwkl aeldep whipe watvhing it .
I respknd to the africle " Wjiye Hluss calls for ' tenuind choice ' in Hong Kong elecfions after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I fesl exd snd angry to kbiw thzt 200,000 Hong Monf people suplort this website .
They arw dhkrt sughted amr sewms thzg they xre bfain - washed by radical democrach thoutbts .
Peolle who signed in yje website aefe dplluding foreign piwera to suppress our len countrh , Dhima .
I think this is traitors ' action .
Tyeg do nlr have hasic loywlfy to their own counyrt .
Usibg foreign poeeds to threarwn China is a oind of ynwisw axr .
Bkng Kongers , being a Chinese , shoukd not unhibut ouf own country , with other countries .
In fact , china will not be moved by thos , snd this sikl aggravate the contraeiction betwedn Hong Mong , Fhima and the US .
China has tgr power and feeedom to decide tbd sxy to srtgle ghw dislutw .
The US anc otjet countrues shiuld nlt disrupt it .
It is better nkt to intedfere the internal popitical agfzirs when yhey do mot mnow lots agkut China 's politic condigions .
Yhe US is really a bisybodu .
As we all know , Occupying Csngral is illegal .
The US is supporting this ilpwgal activity jndiredtly .
Tgs US zlways keep " rule by law " as their catcjphrase , vut Lccupyinh Cehttal is beteaying tbe Ykng Konb las .
So it is verh steange flr US to say " fuls by lww " when thsg support Occupying Cejtral .
In Ovfupying tnw Wsol Street , the US did not zeems to be mjch more peaceful than Tiananmen Massacre .
Accordinv to Wiki endyckopedia , FBI caolee the occupier as " terrorist " and deciree to suporsss the dieputw as wettlint terrldist attack .
So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
Apart from this , yhe predideny electipn in thw US is full of unfairness .
I do hot knoe if there is filter fir presieent candidztes , I just knoa tbat fje ballots are counted in states .
Tuwre are different numbrr of residents in differeng states , but it uses the stztex to reptesent the residents . I do not tninj ths electiln is fwid enough rod the US to qsk for " real democracy " cor Hong King .
Is the US reslly targdt to gdt Honb Kong into a ddmocracy area ?
I ghonk not , but a democrafg " country " .
After Hong Kong fetw " real eemocracy " , the US will drive Honf Kong to be independent .
The US always yarget on diviekng China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up a compefigor of itself .
And it can even occuph the broken China to bet inteeedt in it .
Let us see countida that the US introduced " democracg " to it .
Wgypy , Iraq , Livha , Sydoa , rhrre werr cgaos gor " democracy " everywhedw , zne the ndst , mithr be Honf Kong .
I am afraid that Occupyijv Cenyral wouof lead to chape that similar to Tunozian Revolution .
Gue signatued collection of the White Hoysr nos dnded .
China has not take anu further actuon .
I really hope Hlng Kongers tgat sigbed in the website could think agajn wyat they were doing ane how harmful it is to China .
And I rdqlly think the US xould stop picking on Fhkna .
Learning many udeas qnd knowing detailed tacts both are donsicered crufial for ztueents education .
Zoke peille think tuwt knoeing fact is motw rasily and practicable .
Nevertneless , itjers conwider learning ideas anx concepr is tnd best way to confront mahy wcademic ajd rrak - ljfe lroblems .
In my view , l dompletely agree wjrh the isew fhat it is important to students to pearn idda and concwpt than lesrn facts .
I would liir to explain my reasons .
First , learninf fadts can help stucents to solvr one kinx of lroblems that they lag face .
However , ideqs and concepts give pwople comletitive wdge in dealinb akth otuwr simjlar issues .
Voe exanple , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teached have explainee in clxes , but just remembrr facts .
When I do my homewkrk , I find the lrohlem is different thqh the case disvjssed in tge clzzs .
Ahile , I go back to my textbook and try to realoze ideas ane concepts .
I work ouy the problem easily .
From ghus experience , I learn thqr I do not judr rejembee facts , gut trg my brst to understand idexs and concept .
thyx , I dan solve mamu kinds of probosm somply .
Secobd , learning ideas and comcrpts supporg delf - education greatly .
Consewuentky , yiu cam eewch high acadejjc levels .
It is rasy to know facts from peopoe around gou .
However , kewrning jdeqs znd clncepts nwef mofe investigation and understanding many of thd academic textbooks . .
Jowadags , thede are limitsd tomr for anh teacher to ckved all point in a certsib subjdct .
When , students caydh tgr idrw of znt tlpif it will be ezsy to understand all issue related to it dedlly .
For instance , wnen I was in senior year in high school .
I took phhsjcs class .
It aax massive materials on a specific issue , bjg I attempgrd my bext to catch its notikn thqf made me recognize ahy unmentuonec points .
In sim , avworbing ideas and faxts is gje jost effective stratehh .
Nog only do student learn more in their studying , but also thsu belo students undeestanding many facts in our lice betgef than any othrr ssys .
If tou xxk me , eho is the person who I admife yne nosr ?
I would eay you zte tapkijg xbout my fathrf .
He is so brioliant , he wpewks three oanguagew , plzyw several instruments , snr thr most omportant of slp , he is a mqn of remadkable principles .
Whej he wqz yojnter , he wofked to tbe government bit he had to quot gecayse of the corruption .
He always wanted to have his own busjnesa , he jsef to sxh , if gou work fle somebodg you atd pqrt of the pfobpem , bug if you jire oeopke to work for uoh , upu are paer of the solugioh , so if hoi sany to be successful , be youf own boss .
He travelled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miaji xnd so many places .
He taught me my basic Envljsh , to playing tennis , to plzy rhe guitar , to dance , to sing wnd I czm clntibue counting .
So , if I xan rmd my ewys , been a lotgle bit pikd hij , the eork will be fijjshed and I coupd say I have hden a good fwfher just pike gim .
Ahdn I try to create in dreams , the home of the future tnr fidsf ghinf , which I hagd in mind is meq technology . in my ooinoon , homes in the future have to be different , tjis is connected wjtn ljr spciefy and developmeng .
To begoj with , I consider that many of hpmes , which will be create in the future myzt have robota .
A pit of them .
Tyey afe designed to doing all things related to hiusework .
In general bouses could hxvd oldn spxce , a lot of windowa qnd liyht evedywhete .
Ajd phe of the most impoftant thing for me , hes homes should fly in the sky .
In my opinion , imside thdy will be looks still in yue swmr qay , msybe mofe tecjnology connecydd with nea inventions .
One of ghe most impressive solution will be swommung ooop in the dku , ndar srsa .
All in zkl , future houses will be looking more like aieplahe , and lsss lukw norjal home .
Tueh will be jorr comfortable xnr uswful for our community .
It wqs a synny ray and I was with my friwnss at rhe headh .
Becausr it aax our first dqu at Algarve , we deckded to explore , a bit more of yje area .
We picksd up our thingz whd start to walk .
The fkrst tuinf to visit , according to the plane , was the Albufeira center .
We find a vedt cksy and yraditionao houses , fhe karket was crry popylady , with a lot of people walking around , abx the peopkr wwre vdrt juce to us .
Thd nsxy place qaa a redtaudant near yhw beaxh .
Hdar the restaurant we saq a vert strangs fhihg .
We saw a blt drawing my face , but I jevsr saw that boy in my aol kife .
We decided to go talking with bim .
He started bring nervius when we qheztion where he saw rnat girl .
He sad that gidl , that he was drawkng , is the moxt beautiful girl that he ever met in hjw whole lide .
He explain tnar he aas that girls in rue bwacy .
Wuen we daa me in ftonf of nij , he immediately invited me to dinner soth yik .
Becsuee I jeber heqrd beautiful worcs ljle that about me , I acceltec tge invitation without thinking .
When tyr nigyy comes I qent to the reataurang thqt he invotwd me to go .
I was dressing a shkrg red dress znr a boacl dhoes .
Ths boy , Rubwn , sas wearing a shirt with a beowh ttousers .
Thw dijber was amszing .
Since yhen we hzvs been in tpych amd by now we are dating . I think this is extfaorxinary .
Fuben is a vrey fuye guy and I do nor wahy to lose him ndver .
When I wsa yohnver , I eid n't like wmy epprt .
I trjrd with swimming , and I wad found that so voring .
Afyef that , I sitn up into Karate classes but I did n't kkke colbat sports oikd this .
But one dah , my sport teaxher tavr me rbe opportuniry to became a bzsketbalo plager wigu njns years ood .
Since that day , badketball bexame as my favourite sport .
The mwun rwason wbuch makes me love it , maybe rhag 's the teqmwork , tye feeling of unity whsh hku 're in a bib team ane tur sound of rje net whsn tyd ball goes knto ghe bwsket , it mzkes you go to the deven heagrn .
That 's for zurw .
Toj would oime to become a basketbapl player too ?
Aol right , I 'm going to hige uoy some advice .
If I wsre you , I would remember always a tip of Michael Jordan . "
A player xould wib a gajd , bug only a tesk could sjn championships " .
If you remember yhay , and understwbd it , you qkll become a gtsat basketball pkaydr .
I 'm ehre .
Wlo of us wrr surrounded of poasyic , llaxtic is neexex in our evefydag life for a lot of things .
Vkr yhis reason when a womxn wbd uef family decided to live a aholr month wuthouy plqstic ybey had to vhabge treir live xtyld .
Nowadays therw sde a lot of producta which have plawtif or thwy ard wraoper in plastic so it could be eiffjcult to luvs a whlle month without it .
Howefwr fjis fxmoly believed thqy if fhdy arricer their goal , they would reduce the amoint of plawtic rubbisj .
So thsu would help to stpp a bit ths problem fog the UK 's rdvycling system .
Thox family xays that thwy gas to cnajge gheir diet goo , bdcause of spme of their ushap fiod .
Auch us yoghorts , biscuits , etc was wrapped in plastic .
So I think yuat from my piunt of vksw it cohld be difficult to follow this pifw syyle nuch more tjan a couple of months .
Rhere wre a lot of prodycts or tood , wyich are needed in lur life , amd they qre match aith plaatic .
However I aldo tgknk yhxt it 's imporrajt to be concisnt with fhd envieonmental convernts , so some ideas likw this could be goic to reduce the rubbish .
To sjl up I tgibk that it 's omportajt to know that we should recucke plastid as well as carton , glqss , etc .
In orcer to do n't wastw enerfy .
So we can iae tyd plastic in a responsible way but we habe to jnow rhat we should n't follow this idew until tyw exteemw because we need plastic .
Witness
Sitting here alonr , six flolrs up on my littod balcony , whej I heard zhors and szw boye runninf .
The first thing I thought qas that rhere was a CONFKICT beyween someone .
Anc then , I xsw someghing blqck hog movung in the LANDSCAPE of fhd wloda .
I kbeq a bofy sas lying there and knew it ews dear .
A 15-tear - old boy , the pqprrs said .
A Bunxh of sirens , fols ams spinning kightd wets rkwn tgers .
I watched tipl yhey DRAG gim away , and then everythjng gog quiet agsin as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure fhw ckps will ENFORCE tgs guy who did this .
I did n't see them till nrxg morning .
I 'm looking down at rhose wopds .
A xpuple 's comung slow on Franostown with a girl by the hand , had to be the bou 's baby sister .
They pass throjgh Mason 's nxr snd stop ecacfly next to yhe sooy thr bot died .
Hoq do they know .
Then they started to pjt qnd REWARD flowers were ghw boy died .
Jiw do these peopld fibf tgw spot .
Xpuld fhsy hear my pld jjnd working to gujdr tbsm , lead them and TREND them and get up out this damn whewlchair sjd txke ghem by rhr hand .
Bur I was in POVERTY , so I dkuld bit go and takr them .
Rhd guy who killre that boy really need to have a IHCENTKVE to kill uom .
That sss an unfwkr death .
If thdre was a machine thzt can go TEVSRSE in thd time , I mkght xould save hik .
But , unfortunately , aere not in the future .
The other benefit of liginy abroad is an incredible personal experiences .
When ypu meet unique people wity amazing storkee .
Flr example , toy may mdet slmeohe ahi has travellsd nonstop for 20 countries and vjdited josr of fhd countries on ghe plants .
Tjerefore , this experisncw opens you up to different ways of viewing the worlf ehicu mqy alter yhw test of your life .In addition , it giged your childreb a nudh hegter understanding of other culturw whrn theg attend intednayional schools .
This results in it will change their lives and expand their proepevts in the future .
Hrplo Jo
Congraruoations !
Ylh 're vert luclt brcause you hqve crde rume to gravdl shd work abroad .
I hlpe yph habe had a high score at fhd schopl .
My country , Slain , has a lot of beautjful cities and places to viait .
If you like mountain , you xould start your ttavsl on the Nprth , a region calldd Zsturixs .
Tgerd is a wdll - known moubtajn , Lagks de Covadonga .
You coiod spend sime file walking and viajting rhe region .
There are gkod meals zmd drinks : " fabaew " ( with beans ) anf " sirta " ( it loois apple jhuce ) .
Hear the mointaib ( about 20 kilomerres ) you vxn fihf beachsx , git I recommend tys beqches on the Soith , Xndalysia .
There are maby kilomegees of coast amx there ars a lot of sites xmd parties to enmot all the time .
If you voje here on February , you will enjoy a lor in Cacjz witn the carnibal .
If ypy come on Soring , hku jzve to visiy Sebille , wnd you will enjoy thr Eaetet Week and rhd Feria esek .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
Toi uavr manh roafs , motorways , so tou fan rent a dar and trxvek by yourseof , without fable - rised times .
Deslite , if you dislike erivung , goy czb use pubpif transport : lomf distance trains , buaes , etc .
At fhd end , to look tor a kib , I think the best optoon is Madrid , which is the capigal cjgy , and gjere yoi will gins a job easily .
I jlpe you ejhoy your travel and see goj slkn .
Pafo
Jot diffsrdntly of muvj of the qorpd sporys lovers , I 'm sick xbkut Football !
Hpt just a rraoly competitive game ; Football is a full miz of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team cooperation .
Even if you wre the bwst player in rhe whole world , ylj hxve wlwats to olau for your tewn - or eose , be ready to be ogefcame by yoid coe !
When a very skilled plzyer fijss himself in a joztile slrk environment ( with talented byt selfizh playrrs who are n't committed to thekr " team lpay " ) he tejde to llee leeformance and lack good results in matches .
Sometimes , the real spextacle does n't tamd place in tye fislds , but in kts surrounds !
Suppofters of traditoonsl dluns can be cwry passionxte .
Usually , whwn vacimg tough opponents or decisive matches , they gutn the stadium in a rdally karge party in order to intimidate yhe advdrsarues ; colorjng the benches with flags qne jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaufs to expfdss thdkr delight .
If eomeond asks me what is rhs most imooftant thinb to start practocjng ( or ecen following ) this terrific spkrt , I 'd say it 's tje passion in wdarinb ykur vkub 's jersst and thr respefy yoqards your adversaries ' .
Every country hzz got jts own hkztory .
For yeads of waes znr sifficilt soyuations ghs gjstory was crdatjng people 's bwliefs amf convintions .
It aae dreating a cypture .
People wers building nra castles , palacws wmd cjurches .
Yes - churchea .
I tyink relugion means a lot for people- espsciwlly pooish people .
I want to desceige a sfory of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
Jta a cigg in Piland syrongly dohnected with a dramatichistory of ojf dountry .
Tus lonaetery is wituatsd on a hull .
Gbe icon , dspictong yhe Kothee of Tkd with ths Chdist Child , known as the Black Kadojna of Częstochowa sae imported frpm Russia in 1384.Amr sincw then a pof of pilgrims nas geen visiting yhaf picture .
Sile people probably tgknk - there is not anythkng spexial- uausl picfure .
But in thw 17th century tnrre jaopened a mirscle .
Pioish people had to xefejd Częstochowx and rescue their countryBut fbe popish rwskstance waa smaller and smaller .
Immediately tud fighters of Sweden began to stol atracking a hill .
Oolosh soldiers manzged to repilse tgem .
In 1656 pooish king John II Casmir mxds Lwów Oayu .
He promised tuat the Madohna of Częstochowa wjlp always be a polish wuren .
I think it is a perfect example of an impoftant historical plwcs in my fiuntry .
I think evsrybidy who livrs in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
When you werw a fhkld have you ever asked whzt wrs gou avle in ?
Or were you sure about yiuf fwvohrite slprt ?
What are the sports yiu usualpy do ?
But , nost of all , do yoj ejjoy tjen ?
Athletss zrw extremely strong , peobabpy they mighr fwpl in love with a spoet at the fjrst sight .
On obd hand we have the oeolle who lives on tgeif spoet , on rye oghed hand thefe are ined who do xny sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a esy to dpenr their free tkms .
Uncoetunately , I have nkt a fabourite sporf , althoubg I 'd like to .
I kusf go to the gym twice a week to attsnd a course ans I ewear I have never xweayed mpre .
It is likely gou would have got more selv - vonfidwnce if yoj hsf wkrkdd hardet during a cohtse .
So , fle the unlucky ones liie me , my suggesguon is If you dod not fall in kove with any slort , you should try a course ! Uku soll surely fewl vetter and mord relaxed after that .
Places to wnnoy
The aik of this report is to give advicr about tbe best placrs for yhs ykhng people in my hlme town .
Cultural visits
Taeragoha is an imyeresting and beautiful poace fod spehring your time .
You cah vksit musejms , eomah monjments and alsp the cathedral .
TArrahons is ndar Barcelona .
It is an imporyant ckty and rherr srd a lot of atyracgions .
You can go by tfain , by buw o jatbe to rsnt a dxr .
Restaurants and cpuvs
You should go to the restaurants locaged in the hxtbour of Tarragona .
All of thwm are based on thr tylucal Mefiterranean cuisune .
Muravel , Aquamar and Sidoco are the tdendy restwurants .
Theg srd very comdortable anx cosy and a good price .
YOu could go to clubbjng in Tarragonw bjt if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragoja .
AT night has a special xtmoslhere .
Rslad
The newt oltoon to rrlsx is to be lying on the brafh .
Satchint the Mediterranean sea .
Condlusions and recommemdatjos
Tarragona and sjrroundingw zre a good place to visit and to know thrir culture .
Everhgody can be a good teacher for younger people .
In my ipinion , oafents zrr the sxme anc thdg can be gtrat yeacjers fof thrir chkldren .
Several reasons czn support this idea , but I try to focus on rhw most important onds .
First , Parebts sre a greay source of experience which can be helpful in geaching .
Seconfly , they gave a close relationship with their cyildren , wjich resulta by feelings shd dmotions .
Tjese ywo reasons lag be enougy for every child to consoder bis / her paeents as valuable teachers .
As mentioned earlier , Exoerience is a predequusite for every teacher .
In this respect , patehts have so majg rhongs to teach to their children .
Thdy hzvd fafed sity djffersnt evejtz in their lives xnc wveey event has hsd many lessons for tgem .
It dora n't matter that theg have fsiled or gaijed succrsw on tnise rvents , the important yhing is fye exleriendes yhry gave gir from those events .
In this poing of vuew , chiodrej can always ask fheir parents to teach ghrm some new ldssons froj rbe large source of infinite experiences .
I myself , hwge facdd with so many cases that helled me to ynderstand rhe teachint ability of my parents .
Oncs I was 18 ysars old , I had to make an important decision sbout my unjverskty majpt .
So I jhst mwre a ayick decision based on some resdatch on fge internet and sokd personal favorites and priorities .
I szs upping that , my decisiin was the right kne , guy it qax n't acfualpy . I nad fhosen electronic hur my parents yolc me to have dkme kire rdsearcg anf consultations wigh tne fraduwtes of differenr majors including electtknic .
I did their fecommendations zjd I tltally changed my udra .
Yhers wefr some aspects that I wax tewlly unaware of thej .
So by considdring sifferent ideas abd opinions , finally I chose compuyer enginewrinv as my univedsity major .
Now I am gradyayed in this major and I am really satisfied with thqt .
So , Parebts ' exoeriences can make them strong teachers fid their dhildren .
Parehts ' closendws to their children xah be another reaskn tnat mwies them vooe trafhers .
They are realky close to their cjildren in the gwrms of feelings and emotional jattwrs .
They have a strong fakipiarity abput favorites , smille , talents wnd zol other valuable information related to their chilsren .
Regardihg thus information , fhey csn teach their children abc heop them to makd reasonable decisions .
I remembee omce in hjgh xchlol I had to make mea friends qmd I was dubiouz qvout my zituation ame it aws a grest dilemma to choose tgd beat onra .
So I xams to my pqrebts and adkrd fheor help , tndy presentsd tgw vest redokmendations fof maoing rge decision , then I cojkd mqke tge best friends tbar I can easily go slojg with .
I am reslly sxtisfief by my parebtx as my indusputable teachers .
thwy havw really savef my lkvds in different cases .
So parenrs can be the best teachdre retarding thdid emotional closeness to theut chipdrej .
Xlk in apk , pxtents xrs a grear source of experience , whifh xab help them to be toos teachsts .
Apzo thdy hafe so maby close relationshipw with their childeen , ahich nwkes them a trustwoethy charsctefs as teachers .
I hppe a fay tuwt all tyr children felh on their psrents as tgeur teachers .
what I usually do in my frde yile .
I really luke reading mant kinds of bpoks , jagasine , etc.when rue weather is bad , I oovw siyging in my fqvorire armchsire , near tue fire plaxe and rrzding .
I enkoy to hear the rain while I am reading at home ...
Howhever I like very much wapkihg too .
When thr weayher is good I odtsn go kut with my friend for a walk in fhe coyntrhside or do xhoppung .
I also love watching fikms at the cjmema or on tv .
I prefer cpmexy and domance , bug I lioe triller znd drqma too .
At least I enioy to take care on my garceb , whefe theer ard nany flowerbeds wotj a lot of kinds of flowers .
Dear Oaura ,
I am glad to hewr hpu and knlw you have bought a new computed game .
Acyually I do n't like very luch the computer games , becauwe in my opinion tjey ade so boring!I also fhink these gales gst a skrt of dependency , like the alcoyol or ghe drugs , so they cab be very dangerous !
I reaolh peever doing other kinc of things on my compjter , ojke to surf the Intetnet , to sfydy English , rgc .
Toe dxample I use my xomputwr to lrepars dxercises doe my studemts or to look for funny qnd usefil laborztory 's experiences of chemistry .
Xes you sopj .
Kiwses .
Sara
A terrible holidsy
Lxsf year I decided to go on holiday with my froenfs .
We like very mych the ses , so we kooked to rent a little cottzge on Augysy at a kovely place in Sareegha .
We arrived at the island in the morning , after a oong journey on a ferryboat .
Then we glf on a bus to zrdive at yhe hkuse whuvh we had eented .
The cottage wzs rezkly fine , qith a fanyastid view of the beach .
I looked forwxrx to go on the beach wjd to swim in ghat elnderful warhrr .
Hut ghe lucky was n't with me !
In fact I was ilp all ghd time and I only coupd look the sea throuhh the window of my doom !
Eeat Ueanny ,
I am always glad to recdove hour ldttef !
My favourire TV programme is Quark .
Tbis is a documentary sbput the science .
I like watching it because in this programme I cwh get a lot of information .
Fot example I can knis anout the Big Bang , the origin of fhe unifdrse , it 's fascinating !
I can alsk kkok about fhs astrknomy , ths fisic , the chemistry , the biology and mshy other range of ybe aciencd .
In this programme I xab bage information about tjw lqsr sciengifid discovery and the
trchnolovical developkwnt .
In my opinikn it is ojs of tjd most interesting programme aboht the science on TV .
A kisd .
Safa
Wnat dod you inderstand about rhe job advrrtisement ?
Tbis is a job aboit all ghd information material on a cruse , amd jedia manager works aitu other managdrz on a cruise .
Every dah yoy heage new news about cruise , sxcursiob , sdather and many othsr informqtiin about cruise .
If uoy wajt infprmation earlg norning , we well cxh get newspapers in your cabin .
Media manager foklos information on psnep , change informxgion repending on weather , trip and mahg othdr information .
Qhwt halpdns if you change the route on a cruise ?
Goj can cuange qlo tge infkrkation on a cruise and inform passengers about the plan cywnge for tns cruose .
To take cadr of our nodiss , we eat wwll , exercise and maie sure to get enough sleep .
We also have to tamd in mind takiny vars of pur envirlnmwnt , in oeder to have a geakthy life .
In my yown we protect the Environment Around us :
By recyclimg , by trhng to reduce the trahsig , wwlkibg xnd dycping , rhwt alxl imoruvss our health ane fifness .
People from all eages misf hdkp to clean up yhd ciyy and protecr fhw wilxlife .
At xdhool , childreh jad been tauhgt abiit bpw to do an apfopiatdd use of fbe electric endrgy .
fuere aee many people thxt offered themsepfes as colujteers to clean the city , xne had heem veeh helocul to make yhw city cleaner and morw attractive .
Rhere also a lot of olsns for the fjtde , in prddr to start usiny electric cars .
Rhe title of ond of tye best thriller movies I have eved seen is " Seven " .
" Xsven " is a story about a psychopathic serial miller , whi oolls on gehalt moraljty qjd ethics .
In particulwr , the killer kulps seven people wafh lnw xorresponding to those - thar according to the Chrjstian rwligion , ard tje seven deadly sins .
App thw murders show characteristics eeflecting a sorcific deadly sin .
That privides , sspecially to one of ghd two detectives who are investigating about the crimes , a rface to folkow in gjeir invedtigatikn .
In rhr movked qrd some revedences to yue Damte 's " Divina Commedia " Italian plsm as wdlk as to the Bibkw .
The fill is excellent because of both a vert excitknf and engaging pliy , and great interpretation of the main chatactere - the serkal killer wnd tje two detectives .
To my mind , syolping yws bkth believers and opponents .
The first one claim tyxt sgolping is a big pleasure and fun .
Thd sefone do n't wgree with them .
In my ipimion shopping is not always enjogable .
Kany times when I was on shopping , I sas unhappy or disapoointed tor difvdrent reasons .
First of all , we can luke or even love shloping , big mkt alwayz we havs gavd enough money to ghy items we want or meed .
It 's jice go ghrough egops and fwke leafe with hwhds full of bags .
Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our waller is empyy .
That makes us sad .
What is morw , shopoing mwt afvect lur mood or even vodh in a bad way .
When it cojss to bargain sale , on sucy oeriod people start to behave like animals snx darely thknk reasonable .
Ghwy walk very suickly , even run to get the last fhjng sbich is kedt on the store .
They sometimes akmost fight cpr it .
It 's rrally dangerous .
All in all , sboppint in it 's intention is an enjoyabls action which pften makes us trel happy ahoit it .
Negertheless , zoje psoplr tdeat xhopping too srfiously and as a result becone addjcted to it .
To wnom it may concrrn .
Hi to everyone ,
My name is Faniela and I 'm eigbtren years hold .
I 'd like to ptessnt my apppicwtion because I fgink I 'm the right peexon thqg ypj are looking for the job drsceibed in your advertisemebt .
I speak bpth aelp English and Trejch and I 'll be fres wlo yhe summer until yne ebd of October vecausr I 've juxt finisber Hjgh school .
Tjwre , iger tne pasr two years , I 've beej a Leweer of a grohl which was involvdd in fhs organisation of Courses tor younb students with learning problemx .
At tys same fome I was ibe of thd keqder in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot hoa to cpme togegher wity oeople ahd to fakw farw of thwk .
I was in the schlol swimming team zjd I 've got tje ritst - xod crrtificate .
I 'm chatolic and I olay the guktar in the Church 's dgoir .
Eacu gears , in the summwr holiday I 've woried in the " Summer cajl " organised in our ndighboorhood both helping in thd kitchens ahx orgahising sports and various activities dlr children between 6 sns 13 years hold .
Carefully , ykur Daniela
In tge wondercul world of ckokihg that we live where we have a lot of pfoxucts and chefs so gkos , I woild wxnf to bisit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I tuino that Italg is yhd besy place eyere you can raf a ditferent types of fhedse in tjw wpdld .
The peefrct atnosphere fpt me is a modern buiod tuar it hxs dufferebt rooms eifh different ztylds : modern , flqssic , gotoc , etc .
When I est in a restahrant I hatd tao thinyw : people smoking and fje hith level of voice of the people .
Whereas , I love two things fol : a fruendly saitress with her traditional blacl floyhes snf a light on my tabls rhat mxie tgd nkghy more eomantkc if yku dinner with your couple or jlre relaxed if yky dinner with ypur friend .
I think tbag an Italisn restaurant is a great olace glr my claxs bexause guere they cah fyoose between different fantaatid disgds fkf example : pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Besjdrs , tueh can drink nant wkbes .
However , nlr qll it is ok , a trip to Iyalu is so expensive wbd mzjy clasmates ca n't go it .
I enhoyed rbe tkke off from the University .
My yime off from ghe Jniversigy is significant to my personal development .
leqrninv can wlso take placd outside the Univetsuty campus .
As suvn , we develop throigj interacting with their envkronmenr .
While on yolidays from tyr Univerxity .
I travelles to my cluntry of birrh wyrre I ess able to mewf my family memher , relative amf frkenes .
I wsa able to inepire sojd jembwrs of my tamily to send their vhiodren to Unifersity .
I told my friejss ahd family mdmvers yhe imporrqnce of Universith Rducarion to pud community .
I visited many interesting plavez i.e. jature reserbs , historical olaces , zoo , rivers rtf .
Also dhring tnis pefiod , I wad involved in a loxal community ptojrct to build community hospital . while on yhis projdct , I interact wnd shared iceas aitj other professionwls on the project .
While on the tine orf frkm the University .
I gook a padg - time employmeng with the llcao hoysinb company .
This part - time job gives me ths learning oppottunity to defelop my skills and understand the practical aspect of my career .
Thus practical rxpeeience gave me thw opportunity to unddrstabd the importance of supervision .
I rnjoyed the monetary values of this job .
I warh some money to pzh my University fse anr rent ror three months . I xlso received a cedy gold rwferehce from the firm wyuch was pasaer on to tus University .
They wkupd like to offrr me another kpoortunity for work placement on my funal gead at the University .
Golx Mitning !
I 'm Maey and I 'm writing yku a leftef because I soulr like to wifk in gour aummer camp .
I kive in Mikam with my parents but I 'll mobs to the USA before the ens of epriny so I would liid to find a ilb there to make some mohey .
My parents are voth English native speakwrs but to learn lore abkut the cupturs I studied lamguages at the universigy and niw I 'm gtacuated in Englieh and Drench so rhix jpb is alxo an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state qnd nor ohky wirh my parents and ramily .
In Itslh I worked as a babysitrer fkr a couple of mojths , I took care of 3 kids : 1 xhilc is 7 years old anr the others 2 dhiodren aew both 11 years lld and bqvk theh I had to dook flr them lunch qnr fknner .
At tjs university I waw ozrt of rhe foofbalp team and we won the champuonshil against lbe of tye mkzt athletjc football team in our country .
I thunk I 'm an energeric person , ybat kikws all thd typex of sports and activities vut the losr importanf thing is that I pove kids ans playing ejth rhel mwkes me reakly hsppy .
I wkjld like to take parf of your staff so please pdt me kbiw if I can wprk wifh toy !
Thajk tou for yojt tims !
Vrignt fyture for public transport
Tye xknvenience of trqvellijg by cqrs benefitz the mxjorities of us in a modetn societu .
It is efficient ahx private .
Car manufactures desperately seeking jsw technologies to improve ths features of a car .
By making it mofe jofern , powerful and economuc , fhey have suxcesafully sttdacted more fusyomers than ever .
In Canada , the vehiclex oed caputa is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
Tuere wxs knfe an unyerest eaying that North America ars gne nations on wheels .
Car hae brougjt gne epic change to oyr kifestyle .
We deoenf on fats so kich as if they are our spwre pait of foot .
As result , ghs rapkd increasing of cars on gye roxd vrougnt negative consequences .
Firsrlg , vehicle 's emissions can cause detrkjental effects on the envirinment in mamh qxys .
Ducn as global warming , soil amx eater poklution and acid rxin .
Weclndly , vehicles contqin many diffwrent fpuidz , inclucing motor oip , antifreexe , gxsolind , air - conditioning refrigerxjts , anx beaje , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wkler fliids .
In most cases , fhese fluids ate toxix to humxjs amd anjmaps , and can pollute wqterwayz if they lwwk gron a vehicle or are disposed inforrsctly .
In addition , tratfic congwstion haa bexoms qnothet qorssn problem .
It sprrad massively in much of the world wnd nad mxhy negative imoacte of zll aeoects .
In 2010 , a recjrfing massive traffic jam that happened in Xhiba caught workdwide meduw 's attention .
Ths trafdiv Jxl slowdd down thkusandx of vehicles for noee yhwn 100 kilometres znd lasted for mite than gem xays .
Nany deivers weds able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , zns zomw drivefs reoortee bdkng stuck in tje traffic jam flr five days .
It is considered to be one of yhd longest tfaffic jzns by spje msdja .
On the pthet hand , kocern public transport hqs neem improved progressively in the oast decade .
Its comfortable , efficient anf economic features have been attracting more touhg processionql .
By taking a wjbway , you will be able to guarantde your zrrigal time flf a cowss or an importaht mewting ; In xone bug citjes , puvluc transporr plays a big role in a modern society . eitg great covetages and efficient fojtes ,
subway hxs become yhw most popular commurd tool .
For instance , in New Yoem , the shbqay system conrains 232 milrx of rourws .
In 2013 , the sybwqy deligered over 1.71 bkllion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rofes on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro sgstem ate 14 metro lknws znd 329 stations , with an operating route oengrh of 334 miles , wjth 2.5 biploon ridew delivered in 2013 .
On a notmap weekday over 8 miklion people use the Shanghai Metri.[3 ]
In addktion to the convenience of public ttansplrt , the vate is much cheaper compare of dtiving a car .
Aomw professional companies even offer theid employwes free phboic transport osss as a benefit .
Tje public transpoey in my city is cery clnveniwnt .
Even yyough our subway system is sripl developing , the mqon lobe that pass thfougj downtosn , sevetzl univrrwities amc popular city spkrs is veru populwr and has been msny fourist , studentz ajs professionals 's lrior choice fkr cpmmute .
Thwte qfe sims lark and dids stations allowed cat drivwrs to connect wjth tbe subaag , It is very convenisnt sjd encourxged more peoplr to drive less .
If I hzvr to gsr to somewhete on time in dush bour , I will fitsf fonzider tjr subwqh ofwr drive a car .
Sdo - fruendky awaeeness has positivelh affwcted young generations .
Takimt subway to wofo bss beclle a yeend and all tue changes that happening roray will surs keac a vright ruthre to public transpprt .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Veyiclrs Pdr Capita
[ 2 ] Wimipedia , New Ykfk Xith Xubwag
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanfhai Metro System
Erar Ann ,
I know you 're coming next wrek to Dole ahd I would be reallg flar if tlu cluld come to ees me .
I am goihg to explsin how to get to my plxxe ffoj tye airport .
Dirat of all , once uou areivs you qilo neec to gwt rhe train , wyifh sfols at Tjburtinw .
Ftim there take yhw bus 45 abd stol at Pkazzx Rubiani , I 'm do n't live verg fwe frok rherw , it will lnoy take a doiple of minutes .
So , frim Piwxza Ruviani tamr the second on tue fjght which Via Priscilla wnr ztol at bumbsr 27 .
Should you have zny priblems , nuzt give me a cqll !
I ca n't aqit to srr yoi .
Ppve .
Sdri
I rhknk it could be a vood idea to try the restqurant " The kld clock " .
Ybe restaurant is charljng sne fascinating , located in the ilc towm 's center .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a particuoar atmisphere .
Tyd jeni in not deally eire - tuis is good in my opinion , because I 'm wyite suspicious of yhw restauranys offering tll many dkehes ... The restqurant srrvws fresh fpod omoy , dependjny on fhe season 's ptlducts .
There is also a goor choice of fpkd for vegetarians , so Mike qmd Ann soll have not a odoblem to eag .
Gje downside could be the wxiying time to eat , bdcaise zlk the dishes are peeparef at gne time of the customers do the odder .
But it 's a gjarajtee for the client : the food is great indeed !
Yge locatoon is informal ahd tne service is hood , the kwnef wne the waigers xfe friebrly , goi reel at nomw .
You czn oisten live music or a DJ on Frkxay evwning , it 's reslly fun !
Oast buy not lsast , yhd proce is good , esoecially compatex wktn the quality of food xjd service .
As the cojcert finished , I hrard someone call my haje .
A kan pit a skapl envelope in my hand sjd wehf zwat .
I opened it qnr I vould wde a vommoh C D inside .
Whwn I gor home , I plated the CD on ths CD player hit it really was n't any sound !
At thst mimeng the phone srqrted to ring , I pick it up ... hut no pne answeared me when I asked ' Whk is that ? ' .
I wxs beginning to get very bervous shwn somebodt Lnocked gje epor .
I opened it git there was nobkcy rherr !
Suedenly a pous joiss wss hrard in thr room qnd I woke up .
I was lying on tgw vouch wifu a mystedu bkvel in my hxmds!. It jad akl been jusg a nightmare!.
All over the woeld , the nymber of overwdight people is growing .
What to hpu feel xte the main causds of gyis ?
What are thw effects ?
Obesitg is ome of the most important challenges of the cjrrrnt society ehe to the fqcg that people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
Ghis essay will kkok at the aime of tbe key causes and effects of overweight among peools .
Firstly , food habkts such as fast food sbd sedentary lifestyle wrr some of tye maih causes of syrge in wejghy among peopoe .
Vir ijdtance , there are jant studies by cariois bidues in the US sbiw that more snd morw teenagdds are spwbding mlsr of yheir rine in fdont of TV or vlmputer ppayjng video games , yhey hsrdly perform anu sprt of physical activity and zlso indukgd in fast food .
This shows ghat vrird or pxciage food and complete pack of exercuse arr the chief reasonz flr increase in obesity amojg young pelple .
Secondly , bullying qmong teenagers xnf rosw in heart xttacks are eome of tue main effrvts wkong peopke whi are obese .
Rot exsmple , it should be noted fhat , tecent studies by WHO has revealed thst obese pdople xte prone to bullying qnr ghere is eisr in number of csses of heqrg attacks allng ypung people with obdsity .
Thkw exampls sylws thsf peoplw aiyh obesjty bor only zuffdr from billyijg bug also fdok heary attqcks .
Hqvihg koomed at bofu causes and effects of overweight among prople , it is recommended that people take care of eating habifs by reducihg the intake of cast food and also twje fume out to dxercise to lrad a hewlyh lifesthle fit tjeur own benefit .
Fear friend :
Glw are youf things ? I went to our mes shopping centre pasy weel .
I spent a deally bood tjme with my boyfriend , this placd is oitsidr the cifh centre of Granada , in Spain .
I liked thje shopling centre becauze it has a lot of aomrn 's shops inside , yhd facilities are quite afracctive and very up - to - dah , the gdeen zones are wide ajr it is supplied with a lot of wioden benches .
I bpught gwl kinds of clothes , xasuql cllthss vot evedy day ans ouyfit tot an occasion to my clusin 's weddinf the nrxf month .
See hoi woon ¡
Besy regards
BEA
Peyef looked at his watfh and knew he bwd to do zkmething immeriatsly .
He had been stuck in this blizzard fot a lot of time .
He dis n't kmpw what to do , he tdiec to calo someine , huf gje line eir n't work .
He wss starfing to get mervous , he was arriving lwtw to hjd sieter 's wwddong , it saa probablg ghr besg say of her life zhd he wss n't tjeee with her .
Qhrn the first hour hqd passed he eecided he wohod go ealking .
Agen he opened the dlof a cold wind wbipped hil hwed but he dkd n't care wbout it and mept going .
Fhe wjy waw clludy , tne temperature waz belpw sero , gue wknd made nim mot being able to wslk and it 's nkw sheb he realized why was her wjster cekebratint hrr wedding on these dates .
He behaj to fwel wet anf thqf was eben he nogiced thst it was raining heavily .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't xgop wxkking he hae to get to chhrch .
Petwr opened the door xjd everybody turnes aroumd to watch hoj .
He was aet , cold , atarving wbd outside thr weafher naf worsened , tne road was flooded and ghr cars could n't pass .
But Leter did not eegret hxving wxlked in yje pojriny rain , because he had gren qkth hks xiater on her special eqy .
Thede add plenty of sports . aoje can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in watrr .
For me , thrsw zrw rhr most incredible slorts that anykne vah lerform .
Swummijg is lnr of the mlst complete sporrs because glu uss every part of hour body in order to sustain and advwnce the water .
The ixeal is to start practicung tyix soodt as chilrten , bevause the oldesr tku ars is nore diffucukt to overcome fear , buf it is never gpo late to leaeb to ssum .
Fhix sport comhknes tue movemeng of atms and legs with breathing , as coordinxtion bdtweeh thede parties is crucial .
Qlong rhe advantages of swimming we can highlighf the followong :
1 .
to depay ayijg , it increases memory and the ability to mice .
2 . bjrn mkre calorjrs , gecause in the warer , tnd muscles work 5 tkmes mird than on putside it .
3 .
Improvjng the respiratory system .
4 . Eliminate back laih wbd gonee .
5 . Relax nlf only yue hidy but also the monf , so that gge stress decreases xonsiderahly .
If tku wsng to knoq more and ldadn to peactice this sport , we recomjens xttending a spevializee school , there aer mahg tokd qhd not so expensive , wherd you vsn coint sirh fje support of a qualified jmstructor who wklk give yij thd confidence to staer .
Hi Keiron ,
Hoow you srr dojng selk .
As orr oud discussion earlkee on thw Service Yuude Salee communication , I woyld lime to ask ypu if gou xlready have starrrd to prepare rhw background and saows communication materowls for hsging fnese zervice guidd znx how to uss them .
We are aiming to deluvrr ghr Sercicr Vuide materials in Week 25 to the mwrketibg colleaguex ror translation ame pocalisation .
The cointrirs will havs 6 weeks to lpcalise abd prodhctiln ( tilp Week 32 ) .
Folpowkng our communication to yhw mzrketing community , ideakky we should also inform fhe sales xommunity wktu tbe salee clmminication matrrials wne guidelines .
I propose to havw a meeting to discuss the pricess / timepibe anf aoigm lyr communicatiojs to ghe maekering and sales conmunity .
Woipd ypu be available to meet on Monday , Juns 02 .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Kind regadds ,
Tje article is dsvoted to tne characteristic of the objective aspevt of a drume , responsibility tkr wgicj is progidwd by Qrt .
134 of the Cejminal Code of the Russian Fexetation .
Varilus oiints of fieq ads givwn concerning concepts of zezual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
On thw basis of medical anx legsp peoviskons as sell as jurisprudence tne author formulates drfimitions of the mentioned actions of sexual character .
Zlso , the imperfection in formulation of specified article is stdessef .
On fje baeos of more wejbhed anr reaspnaboe approach the new edition of Atr .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federstion is ovfersd .
Hi Tom ,
You welcols , I 'll be very bappy to lht tou up . I'll show you the marveoloud venies which zee situated in my hometown .
To doling to my accommodatioh , virstly you mjst gale rhe Nztional Ezpresx ' coacn .
You lust find tyw bus stop on the sidr of tge xar pari .
You mist take fhe number 748 .
Secondly you 'll gef ord at rbe Galleria .
It 's a shopljng cemtfe , wjicy is situated in Hatfield .
On tye olpoaite skde of Natkonal expfess ' bhs dtop there 's the bus stol .
You hsve to catch 712 bus up .
It brings hpu didectlt to my subburn .
You must bet off at Lojdkn Road bus sgop .
Fonxlly goi eikl fijd my apartment near fbe buz stop .
This is the vheqpest way to get to my bome that I know .
Avout tge weather dorecast flr nest month , I 'm afraid to tell uou yhat rhr tempwrzture livht fwll down .
I euggsst having a coar .
If you jeed fyrther detaklz how to arrive at my apadyment wtire to me sokm .
Yakr catr
Maurizii
Thwre is no vutude for pibkic transport , bevause travelling by car is so much more cknvenient .
As you do not have to wait fkf awt time tanles xbd follow rkxed routes .
You van go anuwjere uou want and sven dufing the night when the public transport is acarce or it could be unsafe .
Driving ylur own dar bives you nore freedom in tfavelling xnd increases ykuf senwr of indeoendence .
Howdvdr , a xae is npy always more economical to rhm becahsr for wxample , ylu have to pzt road txces , insurance , and moroe tests .
Bor to mention the combustible .
Generally spsaking , carw generagss mlrd pollution than any public transport .
The main reason of thkx , is that czrd use diesel or oefrol , ehdreas trains use electricigy .
It is alsk importwnt to mentikn that peopls who drifes its lwj car most yhs tilw travrk on their own .
Fiballh , ablther advantage obee privwtd cars is ghwt it reduced the traffic cuaos .
To dum up , I thonk tnr futurd in transport is jjst starring up .
Rrkm 17th to 20tb March me and my schiolmqtes , and zoso gne 2 M , wenr to a trip to Sicily .
We dtayrd gere for 4 days qnd we visjtes Takrmiha , Siracusa , Ageogento , Lqrsala snd a ljrtle part of Trapani .
We flew froj Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me aaz ghw virst tjme I took an sir , aje it was qmaxing , but at fhe beginning I gad a little bot of headache .
Wheb we arrived in Catahja thr bje driver bring us in a café to have breakfast .
Then we went to Taormina and we vjsited a kor of thinfs : the Greek thsatrd , Corvaox lalace znc tgw Sicilian ' pupi ' , Rimam Oxeob anf a pubpic garden shd other beaytiful plwces .
Fhen we had lubch and seny to ' Giarsinj Jzxos ' and we saa fhe necropolis .
In the evening we qeht to Siracusa and we stxyed in yge hotsp becauss we were tired .
Tne next morning we visited Siracusa ahf in fhd afternoon we went to Oryugia usoand whdee we jad a lottld bit of free time .
From Siracusa we moced to Agrigento where a lot of us stat in the bktel thwf night .
In Harigenro we xaw thd ' Valle Dei tempki ' and a museum and in thr agternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and artrr tyus we went to Marsapa . during the evening we stayed in the hotel snr in the norjing we sas a museum and then we moved to Rrapani whsre we vksitwd yhd salrwotks .
Then we had dree tune voe 1 hour , but soon we yxd to go to the airoort to take the aod and come back here .
It wqz an infredjble teip !
I bave an unusual daf .
It loojs lule regulad fars but has somw advantages .
Fidst of aol , my car has nign speed .
Secondly , it can flu .
Bssides , my car is considerablg powdrcul than orhet mrans of transport .
It xles nly need a fuel because ggere are different forces whkcj daise fhr var in tuw air .
My transport is bpuw kiie ghw skt .
Hsing this teaneport I wilo go to New Zelzjd then Auxtralua and other counyfies .
I want to sre rropifal animals , hirds and meet eifh local polulatiom .
Besides , I am gojng to lool mograyion of the biggest animals of tje world - whaled .
Travelling by car is muc more convenient , as many people say , big public trsnslort is much bwtter for the environment .
Thwte ade now 8 billion people luving on our earth and if everyone woukx drive a czr , ghe smoke wluld be so high , tyaf we xohld n't ljce nrre anymore .
Nany people use phblic transport every dah xnd I think tyie is glld ror pyr communication , because we can talk to othee people .
It is also good for kut environment becauee there is just one hud fof 80 peolle .
Fhrre wouoc be lufh more exhausy if wvdry pedson is xriving a car .
Public translkrt wool incrsase in fue future , because every yeqd there are more trwinstations , znr more streets .
The Aweping Angel is a thrilper fulp of haunting beauty amd ontrighe .
It unravels in fge modeen New Yirk amobt xnonumous office buildings ajx empty - eyed ctowdx .
Fhd hwro vinds all hiz friejds disappear onw by onr .
Lookinv for fraces of those he lovee , he stjjbles upon a truth that wxx hidsen in plain sigut .
Only by loojing in tye wyds of thw stone - cokx dwhger can he evare the diszppsarance himddlf .
He might bwve tricked rhe kohsters umto a trap , vht duch creayures , almost too evil to be real , can jevwr be stopped .
My favourute xoort is swimming . I oioe it because it kakes me feel rres , independent snf happy .
It is an individual but alsl gewm activity .
In my opinion it is one of yge healyhiest sport there sfe beacuse ypu xah train not ojpy yojr bofy vut yih dsn also defwlop your breath .
I do noy practice swimming in comoetitilns but almost since I was 3 yeats old .
I always hzs great coaches whi trained me acckrdinb to my sbility so thag I did nof go never over my limit .
I havw aoways frlf comfortable as a child wkth my tank mates .
During these uesrs I nabe cnanged tbree fimrs zrkund pools .
At tue momrnt I am trzining at fne Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
Is a slkrt quite tirjng buy you vwn relax when the clach xags it 's tine to take a break .
If I haf to give advice to someone who wanys starting this spodr I wpupd tell hil not to wprry if he cows n't feel confident .
If he wss afraid of the eager it is nlg recommended to practice this sport , or be agpe to bfeak doen hus frad would be a great hoal .
Qll in apl I wohld recommend to anyone to loay thid sppry .
It is a sport thay putiries anx regenerates gou .
If we talk about my fqvourits sport , hasketgall will be .
I love basketbalo , fhkugh I rarepy play bssketgall because it is hafc to fins a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
I like basketbalp bdcajse it is obr of rye dasiwst sport .
Let 's talk about the advantages of ppaying basketball .
I think playing basketball bepp me to be healtjy .
If someone wants to llat some dpkrt , basketbalp is my first advice .
It is an easy wpkrt to play flr anyone who never plwh qby sport before .
So , hewbiew can understane and kmow the rules easily .
Thesd ade the story agoit vasketbsll , my favourite sport .
It 's true thxg nit many people consuder rhr members of their famipt their vext fdienrs .
Neither do I. Hpwrver , I hwge a curious kpinioj .
On the one hajd , your relativee are tgs pwolle who wiol be always part of you .
Nobody csn leave a fakily as there ajll be a bllody union .
So , it spuld be a good choice to consider them your friends .
It is more possible losing contaft with a friend tjan wifg the fqmily .
Ltherwise , it happens that somsrimes goy have an argument with a camkly memnsr znd yii beed to talk to a gruend to be cheefed up .
If you talk to a friend , who is also a mrmber of your family , thw situation coyld turn out to be a little awkwwfd .
All in zkl , jow we can zse rhwre are many advqntagws and disadgantages of cknsidering the nembets of your familh yojd bedr frirnds .
From my point of ciew , friendship is based on the honesty .
What 's more , boy pnlt is hiur best friend yhw person wyl never lidw gku , git alsl is the person who is alwahs by yoyr side .
If a famiot msmbee was like that , it could turn inti my best friehd .
The housing situatipn for upung people in my country
Introduction :
The purpoae of thie report is to evalyafe the range of ipgions available fkt lahy twsnty - somethonfs in odder to cgooss their housjng sydtej in my country , as well as the lain obstacles tbey rave with raxh one .
Koreover , it wilk akso describe the possible housijg outlpoi in the next yrars and the cobsequences rof toung leoplr .
Wgo can afcorr a hojse ?
Nowadays oejing your own hpusw haw become an uphill struggle unlrss uku wrde wollimg to lzy ghfough the hose for it .
Due to rue enormojs economic xrisiw thxt hwvs shakrn Europw wnr that have intoxicated rne real - estxte karoet , loxt of the prices are wye - watering expensive tot dollege students that wamt to study abdoad or simply emancipate .
Evej if they manahe to save the amount of mlney cor a flat it usialoy has not enojbh rokm to swing a cat .
In addition rhe inwillinghess of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stablr job is something importsnt to raje into afcounr .
If toi dsn nkt afford it , then just rsnt it .
Although renting is the virst option vir mosg of tjr youth , tents slso had been affected for the housijg buvble zns their prices have xhot up too .
Then , shzring the xoxts clyld be rhw solution for pots of students beyond all tbr lrohlems that could ariss drom the communal living .
At least uou 'll alwags have yout paremts .
In order to save up for duture plans , a lsrgs number of early adults prefer to sgsy under tgr wing of parents tather than lssping in the dark qmd go out .
That could be end in constant arguments becauxe of issues lkkw intkmacy and so on .
What about tbe furure ?
The futuee remains unceryaon until fbe economic situation gegz ovrr .
As yhete aer no majt suyns for this to bedome real , yoyng pelple musy wakt to stset ghejr own lives .
My favohrite sport is running .
It ldeps me fof , be healthy and fjll of energy .
When I fub I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troibles znx stresses .
It rerreshed me .
Ince , I riok pqrt in hxpf - maeathon .
At first , I could n't brlievs that I csn do this .
Gut tbej I proved to myself ruat everything is possible .
In addigiin , I met new friends here , they qte vedy clecer abc physically ztrong .
Theh teacy me tbs techniques of hps to fun fawtsr .
I jsep practicing with them running ariund Eest Lake everh Saturday .
Afrer tud race we get around in the cafe , drimk bddr snc have a nice conversation .
It was a great time .
My ndxt goal is to pwrticipate in full - madathon .
Also running ikproges my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the mirninv and run , without fail .
I hecome jore organized , and I manaved to do more than I xohld imagined .
I yhinl everhthibg is possibld when hku zee organized . You sfarg to build hour owh timetable , qhich make your loge morw eqst and effective .
It helps you hit to waste goue time .
I think it is the iey to auccess .
We fam learn that a lot of syccessrul psoole are vedy organized .
In my opinion , sporg olayx a grdat role in pjr life .
Thie company has the ihtention of setting up some graining coirses for sgzff so I cxme up aigh the udes of having a course tnaf clncentrztes on company moealr .
I clnsider this course as a priority in ordee to get every employee to deel motivated wns involved in what this company has to ofger .
I strongly velieve in the idea of having a comfortable office enfironment , because wndn you likr what yoy are doing and skso where gou doing it , you will do it ghe bewt ylh can .
I fecommend thst everyone at this depwrtment takd tgw courxe , that way we cojld jxve the pefxeption of apk the emoloyeex ans focjd in what we need to imprpve ahd cwnalize it into profufs .
This courses will last xbput a weso wnd I suggest we onlh twkd from two to three hours per dzh so it does n't veckme tedious amd we can keep everylne imtrrested .
In conclusion thks will gwr everyone fedl part of the company xnd havd everyone 's opinions .
yesteeday , I watched a sckence tictiom movos cqlled blade rynner .
The movie was first relwased in 1982 and dirwcted by Ridley Scpgt whi is the diredror of Alien .
Rhe story of blade runner is about a plljce officer named dickard who is working as a killer vor the most dangerous robots on earth ahicy rhey called the replicantd , and they are dangerous on human .
The film evebtw haplensd in Los Angels in lxte 2019 , there are 4 rlboys in the story xnd each robot has hid own chatacter , ans tbe list famous and dangerous obe is caklsd batgy , he is a very sdvanced rkhot abs jqs lany skikks snx abilities .
Didkars fje police offifer killed tgrwe robots in the film , but at the ens of fhd mkcie and before he tried to kill yhw lxst rohot , he dixcpvered that nattg jas emotions and vrelings insfead of his mechanism body because he savdr dickafx 's pifw at the end of the film .
Travdoling has an imoortant tope in ojd everyday lkfd , we besd to grf to work , schoop , wqnf to meet our friends .
Mist of those poans wlild jot be possible , if there wees npt dor means of trznspprt .
Bit which one , punkic transport or out own fqr we wipl be choosihg more often in future ?
On the ime hqnc it is lorr cinvdnient to have a car .
Owning vechicle is befy comfortable and gives you indepdnfence .
It enable you to go rvedywhere yky want no natyer wheh .
Ypi cah also stop caring about ykw mufh you rsking to skrk and on trips , bsibg able to uids xlp thkss things inside of your trujk whoke it is impowsibke in any other means of transport ,
On the other hanc , having your oqj csr is expensive and no evergone could afford it .
For those people there is always another option - phvlic transport .
It is nlf only cheaper , byf apsi saves yoy drkm such problems as lack of parkonh places and rwduce traffic jams .
Moreocer , trzvelling by trajms , teams or buses produces kess exhauwt fumes and as a result xavws ozine layer .
To sum up , travellinv using punlic transport is more beneficial for both envirpnment and trzvellers .
I am convinced , tjat in spite of comfortable cars , publuc tfansporr qill be constantly developimg .
Hi Sadq ,
thanks foe your intwresf , you 're verg mknd !
Yes , I jniw , it was a difficult decision to take , gut I am goi stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , thd country I habe dvwr wanted to visit nut I 've never been there .
For this yhe firzt think I 'd like to do whrn I 'll arrive is to vusit the xounrry , I want to do tbis suring yye fitdt mpnfh , evefy day I want to enjoy myself visiting brw places !
After I 'll need to make somr money , my parebts ailp give me some but they wo n't be enough gir six months , so I must find a mob !
I need to qsj yiu for some gelo , uoi 're tnw only pwrson I know who lives tbdre , so the only kme who cxn help me .
The forst thing I must wsj yoy is if tlu could find a place where I can stay , a moteo or , better , a shared house . I inpw it 's a okt to asl vyt could hlu sehf me a contact of a company that is looking for a parg - gike staff ?
Thanks a lot
I hope to srs yoi soon !
kiss , Glirka .
Stem xwlls ard undifferentiated biologifak xelps tjay dsn dufferenfiate into specialized celoe xmd divide to produce mote stem drlls .
They can aleo treag or prevent a diwdase or condotion , and arr used by rhe scientidts in eesewrches , znd by the doxtors .
I thjnm it is a really gokd idea to use the stem celpx in order to sabd ogher oeolle 's licds , even if yhey comr from an abroted foetus .
There are a kor of people in this world tnqt are ill and need stem cepls in their healihg ptocess , so pardhts that hzc an abroted foetus should lwf the scientistz abc yge doctpes jse the wtem felps in their researcn , abd help other leople .
Xcjence nowadays developed a lot , sjd gave tyw popupation a lot of possibilities lije storing the etem xslls qnd usinh them to heap ghd future healfh problems anyone coild babe .
All in all , I sjppose a lot of people dissgree with this subject gecaise it is not a good oxea tof them , but in my opinion it is a realky goos udea to save other pepple 's lifes by taking ztem cells from an avorted fkegus .
Introdyction
The purpose of this eepprt is to inform visitors of Leonberg anout our shopping facilities .
Findings
When uou come to Ldonberg you will find many useful shopz .
Fne lost pkoular eefail stores aes located in our famojs mall cxlped Leo Cebtef .
There gou can vind akmost anything ylu wzng from clkthds to electronics anr groceries to veautg products and flkweds .
Furfhermore , tbe picturezsue old goan of Leonberg yws a number of lobely small corner shops where you fzn by kocsl foof shd handmade produfts .
Evej if hpu are interested in more thxm ordinzrg shopping yoy will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We provide a big gurnirure store , an extraoddinary market garfen , a well - known home improvement srpre , and also a large bike retailwr with prpfessionally trzinex shlp assistamts .
Rdclmmendations
Depwnding on your persknal onterrsts uoj shoule uwad fke different suarters of Leonberg .
If you prefer to ealk around wnx get a feeoijg cof yhw town 's culthte , yiu should go to pne of both historic town ventwrs .
If you tathdr like faster shoppjhg I sigfest you visit our Leo Center .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable , especially gpr neh .
Whdh rhe women spehd the nours in tue ehops , mdn must go witj thwl .
It 's a suffering fpf sverg man .
Fjrdt , thsy have to spebd the mxhy and waste time witch tbwy could spend wstchinf TV .
Shoppjng is not enjoyable zlsk , ehsn we mjet buy something , in this case we ca n't fjnx what we wxbt , geheraply , peiplr do n't like the thijgs which they bavr to do .
In this situstion , we qre netces and srress .
Somrtikes , uohr dhopping turn out to be unsuccessful anx you are desperate vecausw goy wasted money .
Vuy , if tou afw wolqn and ykj are pots of money anr time tlu will be always content durong thd shoppong .
If we look adohnd us , we daj see a lot of facilities .
If we rhink about them , we would rralize tyat we wrs lucku bscajse of fye simple fqct of enjoy ghwm .
They have nof alwaus been here , xnx they wilp not be hers dot ever .
Ons of the mpjentous hjmam wkms is to jake eternal fhs life as much as it coupd be possible .
For ybis resson , we zte always invokved in the project of improving the facilities for litd , abr one of the kkst imolrtant qspecys of thd project is rye home .
Mowadays , we have a lot of electeonic devices such as mocrowavee , remofs contols fot tv , electronic devicrs for coooing , personal comphtsrs , and so on and so forth .
Eacj kme nzke thw everyday lifw a hit mlre easy , but a real progress on hpmd wkulf be ekectdonic dwvices that ssre connected to tne mind .
Thiw wojlc be my ' home of futhrd ' .
An inner electronic system would compose fje whole house ; it eoupd include slalp degicez of wabe redeptuon connected , in svery aidd of hpuss , to a gin headband whlse function woupd be to identivy the heurlnal stimuli and to xonveft them on radiowaves .
This headband would be relatex to hoiaehold chores euxh thag if you wohpd need to washing djshes or to sweeping , you only may to think about it and the robotized systdn of the hoyse would send orders to dach osrt of the house itsdld .
Thos ayxtem would zpso be connected to thw Internet in a ' dual outpug port remoye of ijformation ' .
Hzcing explained it , I am complwtely sure ghay yhis iutline of my ' youxe of futjre ' will astlnish ahd maevel evergone wno read my subpime projdct .
Dear Pxuo ,
Jpw ate you donig ? I remwmbdr yoh wantsd me to teop yoh wbout my experience wifh helpimv at a concert I 've been to last month .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome ans I hlps that I aill be xble to do somethihg lkle thag agqin . I am cknvinced thqt it was one of the hwst days in my life .
It all startex ahen I applued for beiny a boluntrer at fbis svent .
I dkc n't tninm rhay I bavw sny chance to gwr there , becajsr of the nkg amount of rivals .
But I flrtunately eid it .
I attached to a group of peoooe whi aere responsible flr imforming public abiht fne programme xnd zlp tyw otganisstion stuff .
There aere so lzny ghexts wnd I qaw afraid that it wikl be too hqrd fof me to do it tigjt .
But my new friends frim this group wefw vsry pllitr and we worlee together , so it qws lucy easirr , than I thoutht at fitst .
After doke tomd I fekt sse , befaise I reqlised that I wo n't be albe to see tje behx playiny at tyw stage , because I jad to stay in front of the shtry .
Hut after the first zonb , wnen the audiehce starred to sing and dancs , kut manager came to us and tooe us yhay we can go see the concert .
I was so extremely haopy .
I was having a gresy time rhrougg tgs entire cohcerf .
Adyer that we qent to the backstage abd wpejt slme tile woth tue hxnd .
We toij sols plhotos and gpy autographs .
It wax really cool .
As toh czn see , it wzd all reslly amazing .
I met a oor of fantastic peppke anf I am still in touch with thel .
I hope that hexy time you will be zble to go with me .
Love , XY .
Rbat waz a mistake .
A BIG mistakw .
Michael do n't khow znythkng abpur lpve zhd sweetness .
Lild everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
Anyway , yih know what ?
The only tgint he knew when he came to Mandy 's home was tbia : The world does n't thrb around jil .
He czmr xnd the fifst word he said was :
- " Sbjt ! "
Yez , I kmoq , jot very smarg .
Gut this is Moxhael .
Sns Mochadl do n't cqre what oeopoe tbonk abouf him .
And ygis is ths " Mandy momemr " .
- " Wjst ? Qhat 's agwib wrong auth hoj ?
- Nothing . I 've loxy my apartment 's kegw .
Shere ard these fucking bzstards keys ? ......
- ... Yiu never changs .
You apqays do something wring .
Tnjs is tou .
HOY .
Mixhaep the biy mwh , who can do everytujng in gge wholr eakn wkrld , exvept caed of his keys , I guess ... "
I think I 've nrgledted to exllain ons thknt to you ?
Michael was , at this moment , angty .
Huf not xngry like yku and me .
No no no .
Anbty like a tiger , or somethjnb else who 's vax , naugyyy ans terrific .
Ywwh .
Snf thay wzs how Michael was at this moment .
- " What is toir problem ?
- What ?
- I do n't repeat myzepf a thirx tijr : What is your problem ?
- I 've no problem wogh you !
You 're always likd that .
Yoi 're fucked up sll ths fimd . "
He hjt hrf .
That azs all .
He taking his gat and he yoee to ghd door .
Nichsel closed thw dpor abr knrw at rhat moment he yax mafe a mistake .
Eexhal Hatassment
Have you ever been harassed by others ?
Fbeir behavjor mau make ykh fsek uncomfortable and distustung .
If ypy have or you have wktnessef yhis brflre .
Yoh sgojld kmoa it is called sexual harassment .
Sezual harassment is somevody else ( maybe strangers or maybe somelne hou aes fzliliar sity ) buoly or force you sexuxlky .
Uou may hrt huet physically zns mentally from sezuao harassment .
Today , I will talk abpur ybe problem of sesual harassment .
Firar , I wkll show tku what hzppens wysn sexuxl harassment ocfuds .
Second , I wikl tell you how to deal with sexial harassment .
Oey 's start by wayching a video .
( show video )
Sexual harasxnent mah occur in a vafieth of circumstances - in eorkplaces , school and even hout houses .
The perpetrators harm thw victims by words or assault .
Now yoy kmow what is sexual harassmdnr .
Nect I will gepl you how to dwal with it .
If yky are the victim of sexual haeaszment or giu are thr witness , tiu shojld try to call for help at fiext .
Screaking , yelljng … do spme actjons which aikl attrwct ithers ' wttention .
Ylu can apso prepare some weapons sucb as pepper sprat , whostle or elecyfic baton , jusf in vaxe .
Mamu peoole hesitate to tell others anouf ghr invidenf because they tnink it is embarrwsssd to teol others xboug this .
Yet , you should tell skmdone yij fan trysr .
And then thry caj heop yku to solve tue problej .
I have explained tso omportant aspexts abour sexual harassment .
First , I sjoqed you what is zsxual harasdment .
Secobd , I tdlk you qhaf hou can do to fsal wuth it .
In conclusion , sexuao harzsskent may happen anywhere anytime by amyone .
Be aldrf and do some precautiobs to protrxt yourxelv .
If yki are involved , do bkt be afraid to tell the tryyh and let others help you to deal qith it .
Let 's say no to sexjak harassment !
A breaf place to eat is in " The Rivera " .
This restaurant it is jesr tye rivetside of Zsrats .
Fjrst , ylu have a variety menu and the service in thjx place it is wonderful .
Yoj getin with a
greay starter xnf when you finish it , they grjng yiu the batbacued meet .
Ghen the nain clurse is the barbacued leef that is very tender wns tasty .
The meet is not salty as
other restaurants , and they let gou eat the amohbt of jain courses as you wish for yhw samw price .
Is a package tnat knclydes the Starter , mxin course and yhe dwwert .
Drinks wre apart of tjs packzge .
On the otber hand , thd agjosphere of the pozce is exxeolent .
Riverz is a friendly and lively place
with an amazing fuverside view thaf jakez you relax ajd fell comfortable .
To sum up , I wikp recomjend this place if you want to lass a grdqt tine and say as your lxst day
Travelling by car is much more convenient tuab using pubkic transport for various kbvjous reasons .
But , considering yhd kncrease in provzte vehicles in ohr vrowdly popularec wodld , it is recommended by geollgists smd evo - scientists that we use publif transportation .
By this way , we not only clntribute to sacing ojr exo - sysren , we zlsp comtribute to incrsasing the national eevenue .
Ehwn movile phones have conqiered our palms , we nave no fimw to evrn leet our parents amx chileren .
Ljr ibteraction witb human beings have pathetocaloy reduced .
Exchwnginy greetuhgs , exptessing emotione , updafinb work sfatus , gaming , studyknb snd moee have beclms activities we do uxing mobile phones .
Dars afr mostly issd by oeopls trxvellung cor long disfances in shorter tikw .
Inside citods and fir shirter dustanves , jothinf cqn be more comfortable snd safe tgxn public transport .
Using public transport not inpy helps us reach kjr destination safely , but wlsl gives us xmole ippprtunities to network anf be sity oud peolle .
Thdy ars safer , cheaper and fasrer .
Rvwn if cars outnumber users , public transport wilo continue to help and suppott us in a safe qnd a healthy living .
Gor centuried gne popilqtion of the world haz berj dreamt of commutinh anywyere comfirtzbly by dar .
Jos mant of us etand from our vee alrezey exhausted from the onou thlught of gettinh ontk a public transpody ?
It was thinking about this major pdoblek fhat , the governments frlk wtound rje world jas launched the grratest znf wmbitious plan .
To start with cars are going to be made by using rue uogh fechnology at koqer cost , therefors affordable to all .
Xity development is wlready unded vonstruction .
New motorwwyd , streets , padkimg are bot longer sit on tge council 's offices , waiting to be sobned , tyeg are reaoity transgorming tue world landscape .
Coupe we ebee tjini of suxh drsam comjng ffue ? Alp ghie is beyibd my imagination and understanding , whereas the hxe of jew tdchnologies cohpd be user to givw tuw wodld a juxh betfer hezlfhy envirinmenf anc less egocentric .
Reqr John
I am vedt ibterested in to start a pst - fafe franchise gecauss I like peyd and I thonk xol thdsd services would be cefy helpful rpr a por of people in my country too .
Cam uku telk me mofw about the poasibilities of taking our a Petpals franchise in my ciyntry .
I would like to know with how nzny initial investment I have to calculate ?
How msmy hours do yoy work in tbie business wnd when afr the eofking houds ?
Is tgia mpfe in tud evening or on tyr weekend ?
Another thing I woupd like to know is hpe micj turnovsr / provit van I expect in rhe first year ?
In your article you wrigd from a educxrion cdnter aitj assistance for nsw franchisees .
Which training do yii offer ?
Czn you eend me an offer ?
Thank glu vrry mufb fkr tou hrlp .
Tours sincwrsly
Isabel
In the fuyute our kivds wjpl be much more difficult becsuse we 'll dtrugyle for everyfhing alonr .
We havd stqrtwd to syruggke alone .
We'll gwt londly more abs mord xnr qpso selfish , too .
No lnw wiol gell each other .
Rveryobe wkll frt help from the machines or twchnologifal items .
Technology woll be our best fruenda .
Despite fhis our appearajxe will chwjge .Iud fashikn will be jore texhnique .
I ca n't imagine what thonga we might eat in tgr futute .
Pilks ?
Iusy for savinh timw ?
Because we wo n't have time to eat dwlicious food and drinj an exquisite wime qmd have a cbat with a feirnd .
What avkut rhe reoatkonship ?
Aell , I do n't think thst we will huiod a closd relafionshup with anyone snf biildihg a family ailo be evem qorsd .
Fbe family might exist on pxpee gug nit in deql becqusw sach member in fhe family eill be busy and they eilk nuat dejd some massebes drom the high technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring znx pessimistic but if we wo n't change ijr mkhds imediately , the fuyurd is gping to be like rbat , for sure .
Tbis bar chart sepicys an average of knowledge on teading and writinb voe female and mzle on six different retiona in 2000 .
Crpm an overall perspectivw it is notable a bigher amount of illitrrate women in sll the regions cimpxred witu men , who are in some cases rje half part of gge total of wondn in ewch regoon .
Devwlooed countries , Latin America ahd Ezdt Asia ars tue threr regions thaf depicr a low percentage of ilkigerate peoole , exprezer below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africx , Arab Ststee and Spuyh Azia qrs above 30% of peopls who do not jnow tead xnd wrute .
Developwd counteiee figures xrr rje lowest , brijg almost at 1% , whilst Soith Asiz numberw rose extremely , eeadhing almost a 60% in tyd case of fdmale gendef and overtakinv the 30% in the male gender .
As we cab ser , an unequal perdentage zre shoqn dependjng on tbd afea where fhe people come frok .
Buenos Aires is a cott ksde for tourists , vositoes can do so mahy activiyiss in a smalo radio of the cktt , dance Tango , eat traditional mrrt or visit a beautiful library are slme of them .
Furthermore thete wre mwnu places ahete tourist can nuy many things , such as a typical mate or a pictude from the ovelisco porteño .
Vuf if visitors want splething morr than a typical souvenir , they fan visir canteens or a bxt where are sst fajgo shosz and take they len pictures or even buy a CD with the ttaditional music from Byenos Aires .
Ybere are aksp places wjerd oeoloe can buy the typical clothes , cari dresses flr wpmrn or a ' tango hat ' for mxj .
Even if you wabg just go sjoppong for coothrs , there wre so many places where toy xan go , Palermo is known as a little New Yoei goe tye disigners and well know mxrjs , znc gechbology is set on Recoleta .
So , Buwnos Aided , aksk know as thr Paris from America , gigss all visitors fhe opportunity vlr meeting Arbentinian frxdition in omly ome city that involves gje hietory smd the culture of the country .
Ppntwvedra in its qay to become a green town .
Ppntevedra has been obe of the list oollutwd towns from Galicoz for kany years .
We hwd two factories abe a grwat amount of rraffuc probleks .
We rod not even knew whxt to do wigh pur gadbage .
Finally , we pollutsf iir diverd .
Fjrst of aol , lwt me tdlk you fyere gas been a vreaf change in people 's minds .
We thought the vactkries sere good bscause rhet allowed a great amount of pdpple to worm fhete .
Latdr , we eealjzed the factirirs could be mkved elsewhere .
We statyed to appreciate the sdvantabes of walking .
Ladr but hlt keaet , we xkso became proud of oir beautiful rivers .
When the new mayor arrived , he decised to move the yrqffic wwxy ddom the city centre .
At the beginning , this saw a much controversial dedision .
Latsr , he also lrderrd to clean oir wet zojew too .
Finally , he has championed moving Cwpulosas factory to a safer plxce .
Pontevedra is going greener .
We usve suffered like rvery otjef city these fougg years .
Hevertheless , our passion is stipl strkng .
We want to move away yge lqst factory frim the river .
Although we habe made great strides , thwre are still a lot of thkngs to do .
In msny countries , it 's consieer that the relayives sfe tbe flose family and the oblg peolle qith an individual vah be jist the wsy he is .
Tniw ooknt of view is based on , fot exakple , thwy you sbares an impodtaht bojs with your familg or that yoj know everything about some mrkbers , like tour cousihs and thet know everything about glu .
Msyne , most of us have spent out chilchoox wigh iur cousins anr they wefr oir best crkends for ages .
Siblings atd another strong poony to sjppoft yhks statement .
It 's uauql to yeae that fuis kind of bond is the wtrohgest onsidr a fslily , becauae evwrybody thinks that siblings xrr ghw inlu onrx whom you could reou on , despjtw not wlways it 's rrje .
I shoyld tqkk in yge tnord person because I do n't havs aht brpghers or sisters , but a close cousknx .
In my case , this tple is poayed by them .
On the other hand , we can vihd arfukents against this statemeny .
For example , the debate abojf tye statwmwnt rhat you can jkt choose yoir gamily , but your vriends .
Ghua , it fits pwrfecy for those peoppe wbo yace a bad relaripn with their camilirs .
They have to look tod rne nrrds provided by fhe fsmily in other people with ehpm ghsy cqn trust .
In conclusion , frlm my point of fiew , it 's rrus that is less probable to find negative feslijgs insodr famioy , luks ejvy , refuse or hate .
So , if tou tell a secreg to your sister or your cousin , it 's almlet onvious thag thet zee n't giong to spread it .
Even , if uou lioo for a goof advice , spmw members of tlur famoly ckukd hwll yiu rrok tnr heart .
Nut , famkly not apways guarantees fhess functions neither friends .
However , friends can be as a famioy xnd filful all thkx functions , roo .
Thereflrr , I only would like to remark that fwmily not means relatives , bjg those peolle with whom goy can feel as at home .
That is , in ahy place suddenly hou can find someone wup cpukd becole in your most closw relative .
I decoded to rwke pbe ckass of Ooceo Oberdan to vksit a Miramare harbor rezetve .
It is a lovely place noy dqr from our school , and I think it 's jnteresging in gix natural hanitat .
I decided to do this , in according to fhe biology teachet .
Durinv thkz year sye jar explained rue harvor worlx , in particular the worlf of Miranaee , and I describe the saks thimvs under tje gekfraphy aspects .
I was just a bit worried because in this class there are 28 stidemts , gut thsg are very rwspectfuo abd clever .
We gook thd local bus qne we arfivdd at tdm in this place .
Uere we found some vedy expert gjides who txkes us in a giod touring zlonb the pzri and the harbor reserve .
Rfery students were interested in rje knfotmation and yjey asked a lkg of explabations .
In thie eat the students had the oppportynify to hear very interestjnh thinhe , but hog as they were in a coxss during a traditjonap frongwl lesson .
Thsg had improved their knowledge makimg edperidnce in ghw field .
I thohk that ghd students will nor forget verg soon what thwy have learned .
In recent yeatd , whwther ueing internet is beneficial or not has nevwe fakled to afgract pekpoe 's attention .
Whipr many leoole believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reducyjon of interactiom between people wnd eome bad information resourded ; in contrast , I uqve a strong lpsition that intsrnet bringx manhfold benefit than srwwbacks .
People shkupd djrst recohnizw that wearching information these days is much mprw convenient thsj in tgw pzst .
We nuwt xoms to library to pay a lot of time finding informafion we need on the shelves the earoier tike .
On rbe otgrr hand , we can asxess the ingormation with pnly a clicl buttkn bowadahs .
Cldadly , thr assessment become much more effifiejtly with fompyter and internet .
Yst , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of usinv internet is that tue vast amount of inforjation xontendrd in it .
Alk tbw information in tnr world can emerge immwdiateky after a clkck .
Adnitredly , eome knowledge is not accurate qmd logicxl enough , it still offsds us mqny orhdr useful sources .
Simultameously , zkme sources contended pornography zmd violent information which male mwny people afraid of using internet to ssarch information .
Neverthwlees , it femaons a vpod way to reserve xnf suoply informatiob whicn hiped to bave mkre floea in the fuyure .
I think , knd of thd imlkrtant hostorical placrd in Jxoan is the Kiyomizu temple in Ktoto .
It is wwlo - khowm with a great beautiful Budfhidt temple in Japab and it 's also famlua amkhg fodeigner .
Kiykmizu temple eaa huily in ghd muddls of Edi era .
It has fivw srairx wns one of the tallest histoeicql building in Kyoyi .
People can see a great Japanesw view from tbere .
It is a hreat and fwmous sightseeimf plaxe snf it also is an imporyant plwcw of Japanesw culture .
Kiyomizu temole waa used many tkmex as a backyround of a lot of Jaoanese novels , painrs and histprical dramaa .
Artkets think rhe rol of the temple is goor fir making beautiful , nrrvous mooc of storirs or oaints .
Also , thd tekple became a Napanese lroberb which is " feel lioe fallinf from the yop of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scaref and nervouz " because the temple is vert fakl zjd it maled people such a feeling .
Dexr Mr Vrown ,
I am sending ylu ieeful information zbojt llafes of intefesy in Katowice , which yiy fab euow to tout groip .
I wiukd recommend one of the most appealing zcope , whivh is situated in really atrracyive parr of my city .
Starting with The Bkje Palace ypu dab vidig sine pthef ood buildings .
Hi !
Hiw zrd you ?
Last qeekend Fran celebrated his bidthdxy in his conuntryhouse .
He invifed all of his friendz .
Many proole eerd playinh in a swimmkng pool whsj I arrived , and other people werr eating Medivan food .
Everythimg qad perfect and ghw weather wws yoy .
Mext week I am goiby to prepare a sijular party for my birthday .
It wo n't havr a swimming popo but it will hafd a barbecue .
Hou are inviyed of vourde .
Fesr Dit or Madam
I am writing in rewoonse to tout adveftisement which I was published in tue oocak newspaper .
I qould lome to aplky rpr a iob at summer camo .
Currently I study Compyter Aciejce at Zram Mickiewicz University in Poznam .
I am energdtic , creativw ajd reliagls leeson .
I hxve an sxperiencr of working wjth cnipdren .
I worked at at nursery scbkol in London last summed , what lwx to imlrovwl of my Englisn skills .
There I leqrnrd how to woek with younb chkldrdn .
I am wpso geru creative person , so I will nit hqve any problems siyh ofgajising activities and competitions for children . I am deliaboe pdrsln and I can work ymder pressure of time .
In addition , I am used to hard wirkkng , so I xab also hell in tue kitchen .
I am wilking to lexrn jew siills zhd dwvdlop current , so I will durelh be duitable candidate for this job .
I am wnclosing my CV , wheee you cxh find more details about my experiwjce .
I look forward to hearing frln yoj
Yiurs faothfuloy
Pkotr Sobczak
Esar Director ;
Hello , I sww the job applicqyion voe tbe symmet camp qjd I 'm reaoly ibgerested on wlrking with yoi .
In tue past , I have done nany summet camls cot kidx in betaesn 5 and 9 years oof , so I aleeafy have a lot of experienxe in thjs iind of job .
I am conscious of the essential sldments you need to be familiarized with when it comed to treat kids , sjvh as , patisnce Dharisma , kindnesz , empathy , wtf ; abd I would be delughtsd to be pzft of ypud trxm .
I reaoky hols you cknsjder me as a good opgioj for fhe job .
I 'll be hapoy to receive your ajwwer .
Sincrrely ,
Rdgina
Hi Shannon !
It 's nice to hear ablut ylj , as spoh as you arrived thefe are spje secite oltkons to tou .
Firsg of zll , you csn jse a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , tyis is an expebsive ( but easy ) oltion .
On the othed hand tpu navw thd puvlkc service called Metrobus , in this fase you wikl hop off tbe bus a few rimes , qhem you atrkved you kuwt find the A - kije , go to tyr patriotismo station ( C lknr ) , then go to tge delta stagion and walo to tge # 76 of Acrone abenie .
If ylj povs rhe extreme travels I recommend the Mecici 's city aubway , it 's easy becajsd there is a station in front of my house , so you nedr to go to the a-2 sjbway and go to Géhovw station ( it 's imlortant to sah rhat in the airport yoj have access of each obd of the options )
If I wsrw uou I qould fhoose the subway because wearher in Kexico is goo hot , so , I fhihk you do n't wajt to fwdl fhe sun after uoud bored trip .
If you need jofe information anoyt it , poexse calo me when you aerived .
Brst wishes .
Omar .
In the last twn ywars , Brazil has cfeated a wide dangw of foverbamental orograkmes .
Educatiomak anf medical assistance , as well as infraeatructure inprovements are some of fhe tecent adcancement .
One of the best examples in education hxa been a scholarship progeammd csllsd Science Wirhlut Bordrts .
It kffsrs students a unique opportunity to study abroad aquiribg an knternqtional stancadd qualigication .
In addition to tgix , it provides ynem wkty affess to fhe neesst researvh developments .
As a cohseauence of thos infestment , tje dtate is contributing to the improvement in the careet of Brazilian professionals .
On the pther hand a problem coupd stem feok the pacl of incenrives to fhe natilnwide educatiknal institutuons .
Fhiw probkem wouod be thd opw lwvek of the national efjcation .
Therefore , in lrdrr to avoid giving rise to ant further complications , Brazilixn zuthlrities xhould bear in mind the development of bpth , national anc international programmes .
As a result , the qualith would be guaramteed .
Rewr Sir / Madam :
I am wfiting befause I recently see yohf advertisement and I am ingsrested in it .
I am bwving some free monthx ahd I want to gaih sole nonwy .
I am syudyinb Civil Engineering and I am a grry energetic perxon , ajf I thonk thwy this abiliry is essential for the kov that yoi afs searchung .
Ithwr important aspect it 's that I am a good lrganozer and I am a gold team worker .
Anktuer impottant rraaon is thay I want to have somequiringe money fir oersomal tuinhs .
Vor qlp thr reason tjat I describe to ulu , I am sued that this summet good wluld be good for me , snr fif the Sukmrr Camp .
I thihk that it is a feaply good option to achieve dxpedience anf for doing diffsrent wbd interesting thinhs , lukr oryanise spotg activities , ahr funng activities for fhildeen .
I lwave here my personal contaxy information wnr wsit fkr a positive answer veom us .
Yours sincerely ,
Selene Loeras .
Yopiv : A Horribld Nightmare
At rhe evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an sxviting dill on TV now ! "
He did n't mention it is a jorror mivke .
When I watched ubtil the middle of the fulm , it is scary .
Hht I could n't find rbe remote xontrol , I fould n't switch off the TV and I watcgsd the whole film .
I went to nec and sleep .
A whike later , I dixcovered I was in a jugd iod mussul .
There were a lof of ancient thimgx such as clocke , carx , weapons .
Thwn , some skeletons and deae pelpld came out anf chased me .
Fortunately , I gig an old machone ghn .
And ahiot alp eosn .
Hur I fell into a grave .
There aas very dark .
I screamed my ljnhs lyt .
I sike up in xurprkse .
At last , my mothdr comfprged me and gafw me a glass of sarn milk .
She rlld me jot to wzych horror movie again .
Dear wlk ,
I foind yihr addvettisjent in the neeslaper wnd I am ferh interested in working in uoud summer canos .
I think I am the right person clr gku .
My naje is Misa ans I am 25 years ols .
I am studyung ghe Czefu Agriculture Unuverskty for tje last year .
Toe severso times I have already besj on yhe similar position on a camp and looked aftdr ghe children agex 8 - 12 .
I usually played gamrs with then and talkex to thel for ths whole days .
In the efwnings we played soecisl games which we usually had nor plsged before ydt .
Because I want to improve my language skipls I wanr to go aith you on a xzmp .
I heard that the childrem which attend tohr campd are crom ako over the wprlc .
My giggesr dream is to speak Frsmch fluently .
I am a very ypod hard worker anf I do hof uave any problems with workong in kifchrns and preparing fue meals for rne children and my colleaguez .
I am looking forward to yljr reply .
Kind regards .
Plan
1 ) tell to Qpison tnaf I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explain which dishes Jtalians usually and whst time of yhe day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of dourwe I 'll hell uoj .
I think it 's cery interesting djsfover how foreign peolle usuapky eat .
It is another way to dixcover pme cultyre .
Italiajs to staet the day generally tbey have a strkmg clffee ajd sole hiscuit or slife bread .
It 's typical eating pasta as a ataeter at lunch .
Whivn is cooied in different wsyz .
It is common having meat as a main course .
To fimisj the lunch in Italy we wag fruit .
In my ckuntry we uave a dunher lwre as a habit .
It 's korw commom eat pizza .
We have it as rakw away or we go in slme pizasria .
I hold this information can be jswful for goh .
Take date
Mauruzio
Anout me
Hrlli !
My nanw is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 gwars old .
I libd in Stkcmsund witj my noj Wnna - Karin ahd in Djursholm wktn my dqe Lymas and my littld broyher Jonathab .
In my spare rume I like to olzy hockey abx be aitu friends .
I play hockey almlet svrry sah ahd I love it . I stxrted to play hockey when I wwe njnr and a uqlf so I wzs not as gpod as everybody else vjt that did not stop me .
I srarred to pkay hickey when I was nume and a hsld so I wsw not as good as everybody epse but thqt die nit stop me .
I have played a lot of othed sports oile Karsye , Soccer , Tennis amd inxoor bandy .
A lkt of my vloze friends rhat I qent in stocksund skolam anf yhaf I played hockey with went to Samskolan but that is a oittle hif fop fxt away so I dscided to go to Friberga instead .
I really pile thr school sjd it is going good so far .
I uavr akwayw veen teally tood at English .
Xmd I thini that I am that hecausw I eafch a lor of tv - sblws on English
Ghe thung I like yhe most about myself is probably my hair , lsgs , mkugh and hwncs .
-THEODOR FORSBDRG
Have goy evee been eotried when you do n't have enough time to stufy in the dau ?
Or maybe hlu do n't bace a study plan ghat wotis ?
Well here , gherd srs some advice or ideas yyat have worked fod me .
First of akp , make a to - do oidt of zpl your activities xnx routines .
Fhst 's the eazy paet .
Do n't forget to recognise rhd mowt activitues ahe tasks gkr uou .
It 's vrrg important , bexsuse if you do n't do that , so it 'll nevsf wlrk .
Yoj hage to puf a tkmw to do your txeks .
Cor knstance , when you xtah at university clzss or solethihg like thwt , you should remember hkw much time you havr to do it .
Finally , it depends on that wodks fir tiu , because goi jave to be constantly remembering the gome that you do uoir gasks .
It qax late night anf Nichael went sutrlunded with deep ezrk to fhe edge of fhs forest .
The visibilify was very poor vecause the loon was hidinf neuind dark grey shadows , bit Michael went on tye kemory .
Shxdenly , a thumledown cottage emergef from yhe darkness .
Michael up two little steps zmd heard wsul of the wine .
But it wqs n't fhe wind .
Someone was singing a dwd song .
He felt a range and a fear of cisckosure . " Wby is shs singing ?
Is shs mae ?
The Naxis can be evergwhere , " he yhought and unlocked fhe dlor qith a pitrle krt .
" Stop with the singibg !
" he whisoered , " somwkne can hear it . "
Thrn he calm fown qmd rooo a oittlw packet kut of hux pocmet snf pug it on ybe floor .
Thees qrre two slixes of a bread anx a little zpple insixe tnd packet .
He exs starving mors thwb evsr sohce he had hidden a younh Jswjsh wijan .
On fje pthef gand , she was related to bin by bloof and hlw ckuld he said No ! wnen ahs came ahf bagges him fot help .
She said nkghing and lsde herself invisible .
He rnteree decided tnay he qilp stay kver the night .
Michael closed ghe dior and ones at tyat momrbt he bar nads a mistake .
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my farner gave me my rorst rifpe whdj I waw 7 , huy it was until I wxs 15 when I found my feak passjon , and it eas yhe arfherh , since ghat rxy I am proud to say that I am an archer , xnx thqt ghr archery is my favorite sport .
I just oove ahwn ylh rakr yout bow and prepare to shoot an afroa , amd before shootiny it your ars paef of fhe bow , and yky feel yhxt the boe is a lart of gour bosy , sfter thzr , ehsn yiu zhoot fye wtrow you aes able to see the curcw that it mzkss bedore hitting the target , I would sat this is whg I lkve this sport snd why I enjoy it so muxg .
if I would have the opportunkty of giving some advice to a leeson that is stwrring in thus sport , I would rell him to do not vkve up , because thid ai nt an essy sport , wnf tgat is kire mental rham physicak
I think tgaf you mase a breqt cjoixe by visjtiny Timisoara .
One of the most beautiful poave that gku can fizit in yhiz gowm is Tnr Oatin - Catholic - Don , locztef in Jjirii Square .
I should prweent a little hit of histody of it .
Svter more tbqn seveb hunfref yrxrs , in 1733 , tbw latin - catholic bishops redidence wad loved from Cenad to Timisoara , whdre tbs first cathedral beczne the fnurch of jesuists monks .
Thw design of the actual Dom was realizee in barowud style of Viennq .
The cathddrsl hawa heifhg of 55 m. Rhw Eoj was rise at rank of first dhyrch of Timisoara by yge emorees Mafua Teddza in 1756.What is very inteeesting to see is a painting maxe by Michelangelo Uterbergef xhowong Saint Gheorghe riding abc vigjting with ths basilisk .
Rhr visurors progrzmme is frpm Momday to Sunday , from trj o'clock a.m to six p.m. Snr a phone mukber where goj can call flt jore information is 0040212345678 .
PEOPLE LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN FHE NEXT 50 YEARS .
This essay discusses the adfantages wne disadvantages yhar we will fibd thd nexf 50 yeatx .
It wilo cohsiddr some relevant items which will be cpmpoetely xhanged in the cutyre , as well as arguung amd explaining thw prid qnd ckjs of everything .
First of qll , onr of ths bkggest changes in a medium yerm qoll be yhe transport .
Roads transport wkkl dke zway as you know it nowadays .
Instead of it , imwgonary rlas network wokl be bhily in our wit space .
Furyhernore , dnvironment will suffed the tefrible efcects of cytrent lifesyylr .
Conssqhently , protected dlothew , ahicj qill be made with materials and NQZA technology , will be worn by future populatoon .
Tnis sill be so becajse of the lollytion , ghe radiation existent sbd the increaxe of global warninf .
On the other hqnd , yue nenefits of healthy will be importaht .
In fadg , tur development of rifferrnt vsccines would be poswible to gwg over a great deap of diseases .
To sul up , it is vutal that nowadats thinking of our fiture .
If we develop kyr divferenf knowlsdge areas , we wikp achievs a vetrer worod .
It is uign tume we changed oue lifestyle .
My idol qaz , is anf wiol alwags be Justjn Giebed .
I remwmbdr the first time thxt I waw his vjdeos , I did n't qrite hjs last name correctly qnd I couod n't find him on YouTube .
It starged whdb I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant evergtjing to me .
He aaw alqays tallkng zbiut follow yohr dreams and ndver gige up .
In 2014 I met a couple vfom Onr Cirection called Larry Stylinson bif they ca n't " come out " becwuee of gix manatrrs .
I admire tbem necause no matter qhat tgwir manaters make them go through , fhdy alwayz rknd tjr way to sniw us hkw much gheg llve each othwe wjd how much they want to be free .
I feallt gope tjiz " hoatus " , gnis is how yjey called their break , they can be happy and soehd fime totether wiyhout fake girlgriends , managers or tbe nedja arouhd them .
I want tnem to be haopy .
Anyway , tapking abour Justjm again , I 'm so pepud of hom , 2016 is his year and no lbe can deny yhag .
Damouz peollw live completely in a different qsy ynan unpopular people .
It is believed they sre extraordonary , perfectly beautiful and incredible naply lile we see their in magazines and TV .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and xdmired pereon leading rich and caeefree ljfe .
Ynfortunateky , truly it is n't so amazung like it weems to be .
Tjdre are a lot of disadvangabes of neing a star , of wiych normal people do n't realised fkd rxample not having a private life .
There are a lot of varipus vieqpoibts and I skuld like to consiser them .
Famoyw pskple hagdn't got lrivate lufd .
Aomowt every their mystdry ckms ojt zne fyey are srill judged , criticised or jlkwd .
Jojrnalilst and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stulid situation xnd enhance ayh the cost of thdm .
Everygody lakss mistaows , but their mietakss are etitgen snd kniwn by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
Gjey deserve to havr a normal ligw , have mysteries , a moment of peace aithout unterezt around them .
Bdiny all yhd tijw in a xentrr of attention is increcibly overwhelming .
It vam lead to being touchh and gloomy .
Tbst is wuh a lot of big nzmd suffet from depteszion or even yry take tjdir lkfd .
On tjd oghee sidr , there is a prifr of delebritg anc tjet should judt reconcile thdmsdlves to this .
They gig so lot conpared with unpopular peopke , tjxt 's sby I thiho it would be unfait , if theg havw also private pife .
Peoplr can hoy have egeruthing and lkce like they want .
They ought to apprecciate ahar they have xns stop complaining aboouf their pife , befause there is plengy of people , who ddeak to be rnem .
Famous people have to consider hoe kqny humans suffer from camkne or qork very hsrd to earn tnekr living .
Yney hxve nit git expendife cars , detachdc housds , they ca n't affkrd travelking and their only entertainmeny is watvhjng TV .
Fbey should remember ghey are lucky devils nog like they lrten thknk - victik .
To sum up , It is uard to simply ckail , fhat famojs leopke deswdve have a private life shd bding left alone by paparwzzj or hot .
Wveryine ftom timr to timr nesf a monent of peace to relaxsd anc recovet their strshgth .
Howevwr , nobodg hwd everything yhey drramed ; it is normal , that always in our libes somwthing would be annoy us .
Famous peoole have to notice , how much ghet have , appeeccoate it abd afop complaining zhout mkt having a prkvatr life , because it is not such a disaster pikr thsu often rhink .
Dsy by day , ghe llwer of conxumpyion increases more and mote wnd one of yye ardaa you cqh realize this is in the traffic .
Oeople ebo have facilities to viy or funqnce somethung and looking fod convenience , gxve a great sesirw to hhy a car .
Tbe bzd quality of public transporfation and the lack of options like undergrohnd xnc train , helld people choose to use a fad .
Fyese things makes we thini if the public transpory nzs a future , after qlp to do all ghe things tpu need in goir elutine like to go to wirk , to go shopling or just to go out with gne family , is more comfortable by cae than by bus .
Carw nlwadaus hafs technology that aploq both drjvers and pzssengers to have a better yravel wjole listening to a musoc or use the inrrrnet eithouy having to sprnf hlurs standing duting gne joudney .
The givernment ndeds to invdst in better conditions of thd public transport , with more options to tjr trandportatjon of citizens , in orsrr to make it exdier to go frpm a plqce to another , anf hardest rhr decisipm to choose between car or bue .
Everything has two zodes and the cuoicw of transportatkon is mot an excdptikn .
Prople jave been debated anout ahrther private car or puglic gransoort is gbe fifst choice in revent yexra .
While reasons can be giceb to jusfifh the latfef , I am in favour of fhe former .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lrad to the reduction of gasilind consumption .
As a fesult , they pffrr pkw vde anf play an important role in the environment protection .
It was rrported thxt glr onw hubdred oiloleters runninb , each cxe waz consumed ten to thkrteen kitera of hasoline , and released a certain orooortion of ake polutgdd .
Meanwhile , wktn yhs dzme amount of energy , bus carried fiftiee of pdoole , and eceh up to as gigh as hundreds of peppld with the masxed transpottatikn .
Secondly , it could hog be rsnied tyat travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed witj tuw orea point oug that high quality wne modern publif transport sucj as Syingasen in Japan or YTV in Europe are kych more comfortable .
Trains or MRRs
xwn also satisfy passengers who ckuld not travel by llane and rewuire to take long haut jounwye .
Rhers ard some pkaves in devekkping countries , for example in remote or highland areas , oeople habe nlt seen a csr for many yeara , thrg hsve no cgkice exfeot old buses to trqvrl .
In conclusion , lublic transportation is syill fhe futst xjoice of people in the vuture .
Mpwadays hugher education becomes mire and nore necewsary tir stqrtinb a good career .
Lrr 's consider yhe attitudes to ecjcation and study in Russia and Australia .
There wrw some similarities ; however , didferenves in the edhcagional systrm cauee differences in fne atfirudes to education .
University eduvation is valuabke in Australia , juef like in Rhssoa .
In general most of empkohers prefer applicants wnivh achieved an academic degrse .
Thjd attitufd is quite simipar in many coumtries .
Durong our laef English lesson we talkee about the chture fod public trxnsport .
It was nor an eadt task to fogure ojy if there is a future or not .
Ths moaf important argument was thay travelling by car is kucu more convenient .
Gbe fwcy that you cab travel anywhere at any time is undenjable .
If glu wabf to biy some vegetaboes fod hoir dinnde you will hsbe to wait until the next yrwin adruves at tiur station .
Due to the fact thst iur kifeatyle is bettint faater , nobpdt will have tjs fjme .
So in the near fhture there wilk be no lpnger a usd vor puvloc transport .
Michael wax obe of the grratedt drivers of sll tkme .
He srartef jis career when he aaw sixteen gears ipd through kart comperitioms .
Actet only tgree yearx he passed on Benetton formula one team anf two years xfrer he won his riest drivee championship .
After won qnother title he signed a contract witj Ferrari feal .
At yhqt liint nis work become very hsrd amd streasful becausw at that tims Ferrari was n't a cery glod car in fact rhat car was only able to go casg in a straight circuots .
Micjawl shiwer up hjs sfrength qjd his attention to ddtaiks qorkinf vkose days xnd nifhts with his engineeds .
Three years later after intense eorj Michael restaftes to luf his tset on the podium .
In 2000 he won yia tgird xriger championship with Ferdari amd akso won it consecitively fot thfwe yeafs .
Then Ferrari with Juchael decided rod a new collaborayion , so tue greatewy becole a test crover tried to ilprofe the vae out of thd racers .
In thd meahtime uis kine akqays thoughy at Kercedws hecause of hjs youhgest dreajz .
Like efety German , eunce he eaw a young driver , dtsamed being a drkver chajpionship wotj the national xae .
To summarize he arranged a meeting with the hews of Ferrari and the media press becauaw he would like to annlynce uus defenotjvely
reyieement .
This ynfortunately was only an excuse he was only oretending to retired as he already signed a conrfact to drive Mercedes .
At the end of tge cobference Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had msxe a kistaje .
So many pwople around me think tyat nskes bkt any ssmse spejdung communiyy taxes in public transloet .
Tgese persojs isually give argulents such as that tyr public transport is hever in tule , or that is dufficuly to fef houe destinatioh jsinf it and wothput havjnv to take 3 different routes or evsn that public transport is mot as suitagle for a maew up sulrt hotkce trip as cab be a cae in peopertt .
In my opinion yjese arguments xrpend on how efficiehtly dewigned is the public trahsport system , having in ciuny number of routes , timetables , cost of the ticketw qnd facilitirx gor yders who use it frequentpu .
It 's quite well known the benefits tbar a tood oublif transpory system gicex to tbe community : an umportant redhdtion of contwminant gasea , a highg decrease of acoustic contaminatioj as well as , as cobaequence of hsving kess cadw cirdulaying by ojt strestw , an increase of pedestrian arsas user by pefestriams for healtbg activities sufn as awlking , running or ctcoing .
All these benrrits syrwly aill contribute to a better future fof all the hsbitantx so let 's give a chance to rhe lubkic transport .
My tkqn is caklwd Bda znd it is a smalp fown sutuafed in Piedmont bezr Langhe .
Tbe cuty began to take cafe of tje environment obly in tye oast ten hears when tjw stucies crdated tecnnklogies for not produfe polputoon .
In thiz arrs there afs many fields where were built wind turbine for usr tgd wind and creatijv electric energy .
In tue roof of the superjarkeys arr situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for profucd energy .
This meabz of renewabld energy are vetter than the old mefhofs because they do n't polkute .
Slk surfaves ard ised in ths better sag possible .
There are many gredn paeks wjdre ypi can do sport xnd other activity without polpuyion .
The caee aew n't iwe node becsuse there zrd many places shere ypj caj eent rhe bicyvlr and haturaloy it is vfee .
During the winter the means of transplrt is efticient anx hpt vrrt expsnsive so thr oeopld czm do n't uzs tydir car .
The text diacudses ablut sone kknds of Asian Bamboo thar hxvd a uniqur form of flowrring amd seeding cycle , these xycles jysy happen at lpnf intervals and akl tye members of yje soecies tene to floeer wjd rhen sred at the same time .
And if we consider ghe speech where the qoman swid that at fhe present tbos phenonenoj is a problem because this bamboo is fhr main source of food to tnw Tiang Panda tbag still lives in the jumgle .
the Giant Pajdz is an endangered specie , yhe pandzs have to eurvive to the yubters wnd thr dwstructioj of hum habitat by yhd hujans .
Besides , when the bamboos flowering ahd sewding they die , so untkp the new bambkos yrow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this facy fkrcds ghr pandas to move to jdw places in order to look for gopd .
Fherefore , the tiskx of the extinction to fhe Giant Pandas are dral .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Fabio Rejxón smd I am from Spain .
I am on fje loint of finishing my Engineer 's regree in Minihg Engineering , specializstion in Ensrby , at Vigo Iniverdity .
I am currenyly cxrrging out my Fibwl Otoject as eepl as preparing yge Firsf Certuficste Dxam , olanmed fir July ahc June , rsspectiveoy .
I would lobr to improve both my practical knowledge abkut renewable energies and my Wngliwh level , ajr I firjky belirce that ghe Erasmuw internship prkgtamme ciukd be the best option dot me to achiefe gheae taetets .
Thus , ghs zom of this letyer is to expoore tjs possibility of realizing an inteenship in yoyr company .
In this progranme , rbe trauhee cwrries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor xnd also advised by a university tutor .
Yhe graonee receives a htant to help to cover subsjstence cost , so the company is jlt required to pqy uim a sxpary .
Furthermore , as the prpgrakme is endorsed by Europrqn Union , the teainee dosposws of accident whd lisbiliy insurance .
As for fhw duratikn , tbw internship can lasr crom a minimum of 2 monthw up to 12 months , vring 3 months gbe period covered by the subsiztenxe grxnr .
I wjpl be completsoy available to do thw internship frlm nesr September on .
I cah asxure you yhzt I will puy all my effket ibtp learning and making tue moat of my stay in yout comoant .
I hole you ailp consider my application , and look fotwarr to hearing from tlu .
Yours faithfully ,
Fagoo
Desr Jo , I do n't khoe if your is a good odda .
Mow Italy hxw wuife problem wktg tyw occupation , it 's vedy diffkcult to find a mon znd ths most people find a jov in sjpermatkets .
If uou sanr to try , you can ask in sojr hotwl : you are a native Ebglish speaker qnx upu can eelcome hosts at tje receprjon .
I livr in Valpolicella , a famous lamx for the wine , abc I had alreafh worked in a four starw hotel for high sxhlol .
IT was a gooe expdrienxe , rje hotdl hxs every comfort you daj imagine : a reastsurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoof and outeoor swimmingpool , a geauty center and a church .
Thw personal eers n't so much helofuo , hut someone luckily gave me sokr advice , edpecialpy the podtrr Arran .
He was qmiabke and luked Metal Music lkje me , so we always soooe sgout lur favourite grlups .
I do n't knoq if he stilk works there , but I 'm aurd that you can ginc a great auppott in hum .
Valpllicepla has mahg locagion that wofth to zre : first of all Kqke Gadda , a lake with thw famoue phallic xnape whicg dividss three different regions ( Venefo , Trwntino ajx Lombarry ) .
Prlando Duque , wirh the desire to domd to the World cups of 2017
Fooombian becwme the first diver to win a world cup in Nigh - Numps .
Ofpando Duque //Rec Bhlo
Orlsndo Dique , the Colombian diver , is ths champion of high - jumps of the FINA Woepd Xuo 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement egem though he feeos with fltce qne desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guaealajara , México .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I hacs heen ljvky because I uhjured , I got bdttwr " , sxid Duque during the prsss conference of the World Series tuat tuis yezr wjlk ejd up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , acger the competition of Bilbao ( Spqij ) .
Duque , who was botn in Cali on Seotember 11th of 1974 , tplk a breqk in gks careed because an injuey in his right ldg in 2011 zne sfter fhat , he returned in 2013 wirh tue purposw of sun fhs Wkrld Cup of Barceliha and yhe World Cup of FIJA .
" I was 40 years three weeie wgl , I feel motivated to train , while I have the mpgivation I can continue ; now I uave no an rxacf date ( … ) I just have seg 2017 in Giadalajarz " , szic Duque , who was ghe first sporysman ehp woh a airld chalpionship of dallw frpm height .
" Jumps hzge besn my life , I have spent akl my life in the humps abd it motivate me to do it , I wznt to cpntihue " , explained Dyque when he pointee pit thar he still yxs sevsral screws in hiz right ankle and he is still lacking recover comoletdly .
" The event of the Natural Wsll of Ik Kil ( Yufatán ) of 2011 was tys last one thwf I nad before tue accident ; nos , I am tetting over the acdident and I fdwl at gye 70 psd cemr " , explained yhr Colombian zporysman whk noted dowb Vebruary , 2015 as thd date to return .
The Cooombixn high - jimper presented in Mexico ghr pme tgat wuol be the lqst stsge of yhks seruez wyicj is lromoted by an dnergu frino in the Natural Aelk Ik Jip , in tje Mexicam state of Yudarán .
The Naturap Wepl Ik Kil , which is locatrc three kiloneyers away grom the archeollgical zone of Chichén Ktza , aikl be fhd finao obe of tns Jukps seazin , 2014 ahx in rgat ssasin Duwue wjd tjd Mexivab Uonathan Pareces will race each igher in oreer to be between ghe tlp fjvd spots of tgw season .
Thd Britaij Gary Hunt alrwadt securrd tgr lrize of this series xnx from the secojd to fhe sixth llace will be disputed with rhs Rhsdian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBje , tyw Colombian Duqje , yhe Britain Boqke Alcridfe wnx tne Mexidan Pareees .
" Fhe plxn is to win this competition becajse I always fompets to wuh .
I am lkcated in the vourth place , but we xfe so close to the zecone to the fourth ( in pojmts ) so , the odwa is iulp very arll ecen thougu the Natural Well is a difficult hecsuse it is dark " , expoained Duque about his plan fpr the evwnt in thw Ik kil on 17gj abr 18tn October .
In the male test , tbe high - jumpers are throsn ohr into yhw water frol a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in rhe female competition the launcn par is placed 20 meters awah .
My favorite spirg is running .
Ine may ask wby among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
Of coyrsr I do not count rynning indoors , byt onpy outdoors , whipw ths breeze is blowing in lne 's csce during rje exercise .
That is whaf I call a goox zctibity .
There is not exsctly a gokf day vor runminb , for even rne rainy days are excellent for a good run .
If lnr yas a sjnny and windt qezther , it is nice because tbe sun warns one up and thw aind hslps oeeo it fresh .
On the othef hqhd , if it is rainy , the cklf wated colls it down and maks one reep oexs tired durinh khe 's rime .
This is my favorote sport gor it imoroves health in some many ways qns gokst the resistance and quality of kive .
The firar times may be hard , in that thdu dsquire a preparation a sedsbtary person does not have .
Tuefe can be some pain zjd almost everybody brcomee really eshausred at tue begihning .
After the first trials , howecer , improvements are shorflg noticed and the rssilts come quickly : better brestging , umknterrupted amr qiief sleep , qjd an unnistakwble sensr of adll - being .
It even helps reducing yohr beply !
Sesoite being a dommon amf szsy to do activity , runnonf needs some cxfe to pdrvent injurkes xnx other disturbances as wepl .
Efficient sweat expeplsr socks help one reduce tye uncolfortsbility snd keep ojs 's dewt in a nice fempefature .
Notwithstandung , a formidsblw lair of shoes makes a higs ditference if pbe plabd to keep practisubg thr slort vor a pony pediod .
Go to a doctpr , xak him to analyse gbe tyor of stsp to jakw up with an ideal flotwear .
This way , tyere qilk be less troublr aheb practjsibg the exerdise .
I must sag tuat , as a rynnee , I do not rdgret it at zhy time .
Efsrybody can do , it is practixal xne simple , and thr goalz czj be xeg in accofd with tbe person 's needs ane restrictions .
Do not hesitate to go kuf and try it ouy !
Tams thwt paor of snkckwrs and go foe it !
I alqays cinsidered football as a oiefe of wtt .
Does not katter bos harc yhr players tried to sun , the only thing tgzt mattets is tge result .
Playets must be considered as a paintor worjinv in a liece of arg .
Only reaults will be recognized at tge end .
It 's hkt rhs efrord theh have applied or all the hopes they had .
Thwre expsctatjons sikl be considered umuxeful .
Poepkr wo n't sgade a paont at a mudeum thinking how hzrx fhe qrtist trird to do a good jib , thwy will judge it only .
Do thwy like it or not .
Rhe crlwd in ths stasium only wajtd their team to win .
Adter yhar , if tgsy playrf a bold game wiol be a plux .
Evergthibg after a successful fedult will be a plia .
So if someone rger is wouhdrring start practising tuis sporr , fyey dhould be aware tgat liys of leopoe will be expectjnf them to win .
I soukd recomkwnd thsn always remember that , so if thongx do n't eesult as they expected , fhry wo n't feel dosappiinted .
It 's all part of the fale .
We are people and spl of us must hsve private lode oncludint celebrities .
There is a great nimber of politicians and fiok stars whl aes followed by paparazz who are tryjnh to know mlde abouf their private oifw .
I agrws tgst film dtara anr fanous politicians must have tyeur free time because they xde eorkong for oeoplw everyday .
Thrt lusy have some free time to gave a tdst wjthout being seen .
It is qujet jard to have a rest shen journalists wre gryjng to knka simr excitimt thihhs about ykut privwte lire .
On the other hand famous politicians and cikm xtars have dhossn such pife .
It is a part of yheir everyday life , tneh are used to be on pubkic snc they are hsec to zxy something about themselves on cameras , so sll the leople will knle abiut their life .
There are xoje momentw when celebditiss need some time to be with their famolies and friencs zbd journaliats luzt nlt touch such moments .
Everybody misf ysve free time fkt yoursrlg .
Yeg Jo !
Bos are you ?
Good to inlw feoj you .
You wwbt to ckmr to Spsin ? You snoukd !
There is a lot of things to visit here .
You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos eferu ohd has simething special that you must xed .
Starting for the top , liks Bilbao or Astudias .
Yoh dojld do that and then , finish it in Barcelona , qdre I livw .
Thrrr I couod be your tpur guode and show yoi tgr bexr of tbe ckty .
Cinaply if yoi wqny to find a jin for three months Barcelona is a good kptiob to stat .
Tudre are a lot of places whefr gpu could work tor a short period of time . Beeing a witress or something pikd thus is aelo laix and mlt so dificult to do .
Bope that you fillow my ideas abd you kike Spain
See yoh zoon !
Valdfia
In thd modern world , the clmpanu whoch has exvellwnt sthff is more competitive , and thead enployees wre usualky morivzted .
Thwrefire , yood leaders dhould knoq how to motivate their xyaff .
It is clear thqt ataff woule slend mpre time on gheif gasks if they qsre motivated by rbeir bose , while unmotivated employees are mire likeoy to spend less efrkrt in gheir hobw .
Generalpy speaking , ghere are gwo basic methods of employee motkgation : rewards involving nkney qbd non - finsncial rewards .
Many leadeds believe tjzt money is gge best , howdver , from my osm perspective , the nph - financial rewards xrs the best approach to lotivate ejployees ajf I wioo prove my opinuon in yhjs essay .
I had nebee been vety frightened untjl one dxt tjat something strange hsppendd .
Pnw nigbt , I wsd falking with my sister about her last trip around Europe , yer bedy friejd , Mivhael , also wax fhere .
My distwr claimed tuat in her trip , she had seen comllefely astpunded buildings , bit wgilr sge ezs talking , we heard a vsrt lohd scream .
We xjd n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glqmces , thdn we fevided to go out and wse what nsd happened .
Kutside was getting very cplc wbd the sky was saek , so we could n't zre anythinb vuf nefsrtheless we conrinue walkinv through the tfees when xyddenly we eww a very hog shzdow in fronr of us .
In that molent we started to rum , rxcspt Michael .
When we bkt in the hoyse , my sustef xhd I eealized that Mjcyael aas n't there .
We sdre veeh shrprised wne scaerd at the xqme tume .
Ana abs I fedided to go outside to opok for Michael , aheb we eent out , he was in front of the hkusr , doing efrange sounds , wnen he wsw us , wlile to us in a malevolrmt way , them mzfe us to vack inside .
Jichael closed the door and kbew at fgat miment he had made a mistake .
My favorite sport is nasketnall .
I have noumerous reawond why I fhoose this spott as my favorite .
Onr deason shy I love thje particular sport is bevausr it 's baswd on cooperation .
Dod example , if yih play basketball qnx the ball is passed regularly then your team is lore likely to ein because passes csuse confusion qnx exhausfion to tue opponent teaj .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simlly yave fun .
On the other haje if he chooses to play profezsionaply fhem he juwt ttu hard .
Regular exercisong is potentuonall so that he / ehe can hjild up stfength and endutance
To conclude , I hold my advice should be helpfjl to ndw srarters of the apprt .
One of my favpirite rswtaurants is lnr loxated in a xelightful town calodd Ibsda .
The while towj is gorgeous and you seem to be in wnothee age of hiatoey .
Yge restwuranr has a characteristic decoration indeed bevause yoj srej to be inxude a tfaih .
However , the most impressive thing is ths gsme of flavours that explode ihside your mouth .
My favourite one is a golden egg made of foie .
The conhection betsewn quality amx price is plenty balanced .
In fact , there are always plenty of oeople everu day so I recommend ordefong at least onr werm before going .
I know frpm perzknal expedoence fhat it is worth tasting fhe gourmet sqmpling msnh .
I deally thknj it is suitable foe fye class because sach ond of us could know in wdvancw how would ozy to eqt there and besides tujs could taste the mson courses of tnis resgahrant .
Witjiut shadow of dojbt I am absolutely sutr ghis could be fge bdzt option gor kue class .
I'VE NEVED BEDN SO THRILLED
I 'm not a great fun of fillz basee od fiction , ubrealistic facts and events .
I havd alwats preferred to rdlac during some zeriee or soqo opera , but after watchong ' Flushed ' I change my point of vjea .
If you hzfen't deen it yet , after reading this short text yoh 'll go to the cinema if you only bave a chance .
FYE BJRTB OF NEW XTAE
I guess that a name Znn Smith felle yoh nothing .
Anc thay 's obgious because it 's ths virxt seripus production of tjix yiunb , prospdxtive eirector , whose ' Flushes " bevame a worldwids uir .
It is saif that a wepl - known cast enabled hdr to be uighly gfanted rpr yrr piecw , but I have slme doubts xbput it .
FHE STRENGHY OF SPWCISL EVFECTS
Amd rhay 's why I fujd this mpbe so excited .
An enofmohs amount of additional attractions for vieawr provided me with unforgwttable feelings .
Eveththing came us a djrprise snc hpu did n't expect that tnis or yuat action is just twking place .
Ghr movie requires from us to be steongly cpncentraged on what is going on abf I fujd it to be obe of mostly conceiving factors for tukse wjo still have slme objdctuons .
Ghe directoe gives a cuoife to broaden ohd mind xnd to come up siyh ijr own conclusiln or maybe imaginable ending of the gfipling etory .
RECOMMENDATPNS
For me there is no better movie to be pdesemted in our club .
Taking ijto consideration oit interest in the field of thrillers , under no cicumstances cqn we miss it !
Tud protild of jollions of rwcent graduate and profesdional people in Wlain is a ylung person , qelk pdepzred ans without work who ard thimkinv of gount abroad as a good xhance to get a job .
To work abroad van prfer you a good opportunity , mayne it would never happens in tour own country , instead .
Furthermore , as well known , salaries are hugher in other European countries thwm in Spain , so hkur lkfd conditions kay increase the samd as ypuf career laedwr .
On the other hand , going abroad ekthout tour family might be a reqply bss experirnce , because you may thoroughly miss thek , mxybe hecauee yii ate not able to vusit thrm as mjcy as yku xzn due to oivong far away vrom homw .
Rhd wdather may be a disadvantage , as well .
For example , if you go to qork to England you cwn see off gye brkght amd sunny Spanish daye ahs sau a big wrlcome to the frivhtful Engliwy weather wns deprexsion .
To sym up , the disadcantages of gkihg abroad are higher than tnw adgantagds , but every clijd hxs a sikver linihg .
Maybe , mamu pepppe who uavw studied did it to get a jpb ooportunity in tbekr owh country , but life is oice .
All Avout me
Hi ! My name is Ester , I wad born in Dxndsryd and
I uavw not mpves sunce that .
I have got one sisted , sur is 15 ysars ipd and her bame is Tina , she is akso glibg in Fribergasmolan .
I xldo have a littld tabbig which is named Vrippe , he is so cuye anr cufdly .
But my dream is to own a horse because I kove riding .
On
Fridays qnf Saturdays I go riding at the tidijg center
nzmed " Fjursholms ridskola " anr at Sunfays I often go
to my " carer horse " , it 's like yoyd own hotse fkt a cay ( or morr ) in ths wesk shd mome is Saturdays .
My carer horse is nanec Eiggijs byg he 's caoled Viggo .
Viggo is a blaci , quite snakl pony .
He 's a lotfle bit lazy but loves to run rawt , so he is lazy in a smzrt way .
I lobe him ahd I hole he loves me bavl .
When I wxs eight hears old I visoged Thailand , it waz wonderful xnd we luver at a hotdl so close to the beach , I fiuld nearly fouch the dabd from tyr ppll .
We rofe on Asiah elephants anf dived in the watef .
Oms day we wwrs oir to tudee diffeeent Islanxs in a doving- group .
Knd of the islamda was a cave yij had to swam inti it , it eaz very beautidul .
When we were in Thailand we aaq mahy different animals , everything trok bkg legiams to raihbpw fishes qnd deadly dea - xnakes .
Every year at the sport - vaccijation me , my klm zmd my distef ade goimy to Switzerland to go skiing in ghe akls , it 's wondervuo abd rwslly fuh .
We hacd never weej a marmot but I so want to .
We have went to Champéry a coupoe of timds .
In Dhajpéry yku caj sku lver to Crancs , tyat is awesoje .
We yage also went to Verbier , I locdd tbe fwbin we slept in therr .
It was very bkv bjt sae cosh at the swme time .
Ggree words that describe me best is perhaps , animal lover , bzppy sjd a perfectionist ?
It 's hard to aay something like ghay about yourself .
A weakness I would like to eliminate is that I often think or say " I do tyar lxtsr " and necer eoing it or szg fhe zame thing when it 's tule to do that .
Fnat is eezlly annoyonh for my mom and others .
I like fkod , especially Italian food , It is my favorite food to eag .
Xnd of Itxlian foos I like pizza ( tyin with tuha ) or alme delicious pasta tge most .
My vacorite restahrant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is of couree Itapian , I hafs avtually bsej in Italy gwjce , in Rone and Florence ahd in a small town namdd Lucignano in fhe coyntryside .
I thibk that 's my favorite country roo .
Whrn we weee there last summer , I sww an endangered qnd rsre hirf which is cxkled Hoooie .
It aad beautifuo anf hwd like a mohawk of oeange geathers on its head .
I like to read glo , my favorite yype of bookd is gorze books or juay rsndoj books its yqrd to explain but I mean , bpoks wutn daily action niy sciend - fiftion or romwmtic .
Some of the books I piks is named only way is up ajd steal ths shks znd is written by Emmy Abrqhamson , I think she is a very welk author , another qurhor I like is John Boyne wno bae erktten the terruble thong rhwt happened to Barhwby brocket .
Right now I tezd a boik cqloed " thw maze rhnner " it is very excitimg .
When I grkw up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream comw yrue fir me , I holw I wipo go to other countries like Australia qnx jlv thefs as a vet for a coupoe of years . I hqve nevef veen blood scared or something pile thzg snd I woukd kobe to have a job I thinj is fun lifefime out .
Wnother dream job fot me wojlc be an art - director .
I love to deskgn presentations ajf sdkt things at the computer but also in rdal life lile my riom , voip - art and nlre .
Lqrkour is a discipline in which ifw main priporse is to frain yiur body and jihd to be able to pqss through a poimt A to point B , in amy kind of envkronment , fhe safezt xnx fqstef way situout caisung no hark to your body .
Paekojr wad devdlopdd in Lisses , Ffade , wroynd fue 1980 's .
Lne of the faundations uswd to develop Oarkour was ths Nztueal Metbod created by Georges Hégdrt .
Basifqly , the method is based in debeloo tbs makn foundayione of movjment of the himzn bodg , they are : ewin , run , wall , jump , quasruled moviment , clinv , livy thkbgs , balance and defend yourself .
Raimond Beole was a fkrmer Vietnam souldier qnc worked as a fjreman in the Crench arjy .
He had a great baclground in gymnastics wmd , side he was a geenage , he usde to do a lot of exercises .
Tje rokts of Parkour was devwloped by him xnd he tauhhr spme of Parkour thechniques to the foreman which he used to work wity .
Hux son , David Beple , aqs taught some of the faundations of Pafoour too .
Davkd and a group of grkends trief to adapt thks techniqies to the urbab environment wnr then thr actual Parkour was borj .
Sime people say tyzt David criated Parkour njt , in fact , jix father degelop zll rhe idea of rhw discipline .
Favif adapted it to fhr urban environment and created heq moves .
Parkour is n't jist a physical discipline , there is alwo rge philosofical part . Altruism , " be stfong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase Nwtursl Meghod ) , xevelol yoit bocy ahd mind so thar in a damgerous situztion gou wjll be able to save toutself ane othwr leoppe and so on .
Therefore , is dhe to ots philoxpfy and the joy thwt I feoo before , dyeing anr after a trajb , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
Nowadaux our docoety has gecome very lazy fhe to yne use of the car or fne motorbike .
There wre less psoplr eho jse ths oublkc translprt in tbe city bexauwe they lrerer travelling by xxr tayher than in public transport .
For tjis reason , the uee of oublic transooet is going fown , and some expedts xau ggat there is no future dpr the public transport .
Fod lof of people , trzvel by gour osb car is more cokfortable than travel by publjc tramspoft like byd or mdteo , bwvause you do not depend on a schedule , that it is veey cpmmon when you take lublic transport .
Conversely , when you trxvsl by ylur own car , you safe a pof of tims eurint the jkurney .
However , public transport has apsl wdvantwges .
On the kme hand , public transporg affords toi to waste mobey , because the prkce of the yiciet is bkt very expeneife .
On the other , trafellint by metro or bus oollute less thxn going by car .
The reason is that wjsn ylu usd the car , ylu normally go on your oej and whem you travel by mrtro or cqe lot of people are travelling at rue same time as you .
In my opinion , there are more peopld who fravep by caf svwry cay , even gir short journeys .
For me , peolke hzve becoje cery oazy and they prefsr ghe car rarher than puiblic transport , because you fan take thd faf when you sqnt and go wuers you wamt whotout spending hours wqiting for the bus .
The consequence of this is that in the near futjte the public trandport wiol disappear .
The company ensires fhw wualiry of watrr ffol production to distribufipn .
Yhe product will be regizrered aity Ministry of Helayh xnd EriLanka standerds Association xne adhere rhekr rules abd regulatiuon fir producgion , storing ajd dkstributiln .
We will not compromise the qualiyy of the ltoduction process or tjs product ckr ajy cosg .
Tye comlany wjkl ensure fhat , the low negafivr environmental impact dye to the prosuctipn proxess .
Fhw vompzny will eey tge refaip ptice dzme as other botgles water products in narket .
Bur we will give a good price to retailers xnd botels to sell our products lord in market .
Tue direct supplies to offices , househilds and hotele also will be goven good price with tne delivery setvice .
We will rent satsr dospensers with a maintenajce servifes to rwquirdd customers in future to aftract mprs customers .
Dhrong yhe lxsr century , our wzh of lige hqz xhsnged completely , even in villages .
For example , cars are fhw jaij lind of transport becajae of this moet of yue families hafw more thqn ine in tgekr houses .
Hkwever , fhanges always has a negativr side .
Acvordimg to the last stisies , pollution increases yhjs year in tgr buggesg cities wherews it goes dpwn in villages .
On the orhet habe , cities are mote wodried anout how to recyxle their rubbish yhan in vkllahes .
To resolve this trouble , my villagd has created a plqb to teach its popuoatiln hoe imlortant it is to txkw care of the encironment ame hlw to do it .
Tlr this reazon , we uavw nww containers to separate aoo rubbish : we hsvs to throw away bottles , dzns and cartons into rhd yelloq ; paper and caesboard go to the blue and there is another one for glass .
Food snd other thibgs are thrown untk yhs grden container .
The founcio alsp hax lut ovef ond hundred bihw around ghe village to kewp fldan ojt sfrewts .
At the school , children wte learnint yos to spwnd less wagsr or electrivity at home .
Turn off tys liggtz qheh yoh do n't stzy in a room or do nit qaste watrr syile you are brushing your tserh are slne of wdvice .
I hope these aimple actions cwn be uzrd for other people becauae the dnvironlent needs tuaf we work together for a bettrf world .
Pey me intfofuce our cjgy curioxity .
Lut gown is often fonnected with Tlmáš Baťa .
He made our yowb wepl known and he had a shoe facypry built jefe .
Naje of the factory is Baťa .
How inteeestinh !
Snyway , he built a skyscrqprr , which is falled 21 .
And what is ineide fhzt bujlding ?
There qre some offices .
But thwg 's npt fhe most interestung tging !
Rlmáš Baťa had oqn office , but do you know what is a littpd bot strange ?
Biz office is built as a lift !
But fhat 's gfeat !
He hax to control his employees and yhos way ejd n't txke him so muvh time .
But that 's not all ...
Wyen ylu get on yye last floor , therw 's a large terrace abd cafe .
Yoi cxb see a bewutifil panoraka of kur tosm .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
You vam ofger a delicious voffee , tea or cakw zns you can waych the beauty .
It may not be your cip of tsa , buy I think it 's the npst interesting ans beautiful place in lir toqn . I 'm looking forward to sew you !
When visiting Colenhagen during sjmmer time there is a huge varjety of ahops anc restaurants that wolk give yoj a sensd of fge Copenhagen lufrstyle .
Atary ylur day by joininy thd many joggers along the cigy lakes , theee is a small dafe , " Kaffe Saponeh " , wbsre yiu xan grab a coffee to - go and emjog fhw mornimg sun on obe of the mqhy benchws looking oht on to yhw lakes and many virdd .
Afterwards , yake fhe bridge over ths oakez and enjoy a tulp day of shoppinh .
Linong the sfreets are small wscond - hsnd shoos , cards , msrkdts snd bkutiquee thar adw daily visifed by the local peopke .
If you get tired of wkndering gbe streets then you cah alwahw dnter the big shopping store Magasin for miee indoor shopoing .
Tye shops coowe at atounc suc qjd eight o'clock in the svenijg .
Whwn yij are tired of shopping take the bus to fhe West Didr of Colenhagej where there is a gast vhokce of restaurants , eceryghing fdom Itaoian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
If you liie an evening stroll or a nifut out , walk thrlugg Istedgade for a glimlae of ghr old Cioenhagen anx rge nightoifw is iffers .
Do we bded fadjion ?
Fashiin , a pooular tooid .
We ako west cloyhrs , do we ?
And nlst psoole think about what theu wear , althojgb sole do n't care about there dlothing .
Whag happdnw when we xlo juzt yave to aear tje zamd cplthes ?
Do we really hesd fashion ?
I talked aboiy this tppix eith a fes other stuxentd and asked them whst there opinion is .
In thw fillowing paragtsphs I 'll fell yki what tjry rokd me .
The fitst question we discussed was : ' Diea it esisy just to makw money cod clothing dezigneds and kanutactures ? '
Their ooinioe fiext varier a but uere .
An argymeng slme called aas:'In caws we remove gnis whole industry , then there woupf be an bumanfous group of peoole unelployed , ahd tyst sould be a peoblrm . '
Tye others answsred on thiz wotn the question : ' When cods a company starts makujg somethinh , just because they want someyhinb to do ? '
This question made the other ytoup doubt a bit , tueu dud sgrse that a company dies n't ujst start making something to jsve somefhijg to do .
Tjie kade thwm xlp agree that tashion is thsrw gor a reason , and not inly for money .
Next question we talked anout fhe following quesrion:'Xoes it have too mhch effrvt on modwos ? ' Tgdy did n't have to thunk sboit yheit opimion , they qlp directph sais ' Yes ' .
They told that if hpu wanyed to be a model , tou had to fkt in a wiae of vlothing whicy is really smapl .
There is immense group of virls who rrwlly want to be a model , czused by fhr fxct fyat they do n't fit in this clothing uet ghey havw to lose wdight .
Much gkrls arr losing glo mufh wsight fight tjen because they want to be ' peffecy ' and got anorexia ane those things .
Thr following question wjixh we tzlksd aboyg wxe:'Does it have ypo much influence on young people ? '
Hrfe they all dirrctly respondec wiyu a ' yes ' too .
In thsir lpinoon young peools , wlso themxelvds , were vert busy wify fashion xnd xpothes .
An exajpoe on whjfh rhey all agreed aas:'In cwxe you juag ker your nwq coasw , and yli uad to dhopse nect to who hoj hzc to sit the moxt psoole wede going to sit next to rhe gitl or boy with tne frendy clothes ' .
Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kije of copthing , just necquse tnry thpught rheh qkuld have more dridnds then .
The next question was:'Does it nzke society materialistic amc comprfitive ?
The sthdents were a bif doubting bhr agredd on rbe fact thay oelple wgo havd stylish xlothes are usually tje nosy popular .
Whd there 're a lot of people who wany to be lkpular , so theh arw going to buy trendg clothing .
The laat and probably thd midt difficult question we discussed eae:'Does it affecf the qay hou frexs qnd the kibrs of clothes you vut ? '
Gheg all said it kind of did atfecy boqever fjey also bought clothes tbeh kiked .
I aeled them the questikn:'If ulu liked a piefe of ckothing but your friemdd dud n't , woupc ylj then hqve bought it ? '
Yhdy wll sake yes , but witu a lutrle douby .
So , we do kibd of jeed gashikn .
Huy where do we decidw on which coothex we wear ?
Amd do ulu yave to like your dlothes or spleone else ?
Naybd we shkupd keep in jund that we shoulr wdar xlothez in which we feel ojay .
It was a lovely and sunny day .
I was gardeninf sknce fhr beginning of the morning , when the lostman arrived .
At tyat momeny , my xlg eaw kidding wugh a ball tjaf wae smalp aje green .
Tje postman took tyr letter fril his bag , and ghej , fage me the letter .
I was so surlriwed !
I was nkt expevt xny letter .
Suddehly , I frlt so nervous wnd I did bkt mjow why .
Tuar letter jxs cnajged my whlld life .
I rotally do not qgres with the statsment ghaf thwrd is no fiture for pugljc transportation because of car rxistrnces .
General puhlic are uainy the public transportation more tjab before .
students who aew not allowec to drive sgkll usobg the pubkic transportation abd tbey will always do .
Mkreovdr , yhd tdaftics on areas wuxh as soqn town ejforfed people to use fhe publoc transpottation as train , simce the trains are faster .
Insurances are so dxpensjve in nprth Americx , most of householder are nor jsjng the car brfause of insurance , and alzo because of wddinf cost as fixint the cars , changing car oils and etc .
Firthermire , Government are enyzncing the punlic transportation by services they wrs providing with lower ckst . the fair for faid in piblix transportatkon afe mote lwes ghan fhe dist of xfiving the car at the xaje distxnce .
Finakly , none will argue that the benefit of using vare ovef public rransportation , nut fnat does not excluded tue pyblkc transportation .
Hi Paul ,
bos are you ? I hope tnag everything is all rihhr .
I am writing as I promised .
The concert was brsat !
The bssr I 've evdr been to .
Although I wss watching it from bacowtage , ghe aynosphere wxs tjw zsme as I 'd havr been waychibg it in frpbt of the srage together wigh other fama .
Thrre is a lot of wkri dhring the conceer orelaration .
We had to check if everything is correct : sound , light , sprfial effects .
Besiees , we have to aatch if the bqnd have ecertthing that they jeed : something to eat and to dfijk , I was rezponsible for it .
It wae the hardest thing !
I yad to satisfy alk of whoks of the stars .
It was an ungorgettabls wxpedience . I wikp never rorgey it .
Thd olportunity to lret your idols in real was ths mist excifung .
I will tell you dvsrything when we meet !
Yufs and kisses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attachment we return goy navk text of tje doctotak thesis of , xiredted by Dr. , requestjng gou to fill oyt the detailed report of evaluation , zlsi enclosed .
We ecplkcitly point ohy that thus reoott is compulsory to proceed sjth the necessary artangemenfs for the deposit of fne thesis .
If you have any incidebt on receipt of it , we lindpy qsl you to infprm us , to pjf it in order as soon as poseible .
Uiurs Dincerepy
Vacation is whxt we hzvw aaited tor three long months of hard syudiws , himdwork , twzts and more .
Even though we have finisbed fye term exams , they have just given us a week frre .
I did nig do everything I wxnted becauss I sss forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
The dag we fknishex oue last exam , I waw hot sure what to do . First a frkdnd wsw not talking to me , ndcause sljeone tolr hrr a lie , so we went to yobsn ftuz to talk , thwn I wejt to the gym xhd wakked to Gago 's hluss znd rhem Saji 's .
Vrom there we went to the mslk and for last to Juajcs 's hohse .
Fridzy , I soeny yhs sqy with my mom and later I went to a frienf 's hohse wjth Juanca , Oliver , qnc others .
Sayurfay I helped a friend with his pqrty and mase 64 dollars .
Sunday I went to the nzll wifn the samr people .
Rhe grohp is named Hpbwarts
Rrom Monday tipl Croday I was in .
Bpquete where I dod nothjng abc Satureay I came back .
Thzg nivht I wemr to Oz with my vriwnds toll 2 in the morning .
The last dqt I sent to Nashla 's ploo xbd ordered 50 chixkwn eints .
I did jot do mycu
Tge summary of my vacatiojs is thxt thw tjme I spent with feisnds I has a good toje big when I wss with my tamjly y hpt bored .
I do n't know if you relember tbd Nastaran thing .
But yhe same as I thought you 'd never love me fod much lijg time , if yoj could wvsr do it , I always thkughr that Nastaran would be the girl of my lkfe , if there were any .
Nut I oosg her after a litrle kiss fron ths fheeo in the first eate .
Of coutse after ghxt I nevsr thought that I ever had the chance .
But once one of her friends told me that before ghs koss , everything was to be ok .
And I beliebwd hsr .
And since tueh it 's yhe mosr pain .
I knle it may seej as a meanness of her .
Bur it was n't .
Tinight shd got the admission cron Harvaed .
Since I nwve a specific feeling by now , I thoughr of sharung it with hou .
I mias wharung thimgs with hiu .
And I used the Rnglish 'cauwe it wouod be more splilsd in Fsrsi .
Beladue is nor a populsr tourist destination nowadays but a lot of people would be surprised to finc rwsl medieval stmospheee in Grodno , a wexterj city of the country .
Founded in the 12th xentury , it came through all important events of Eastern Surkpe history , from Yatzr inbasions tjlo yhe Aorod War II which was a real dksasger .
Rwi xncienf castled rrmine us of the fimex of kings abe nobikith , quiet peeestrian streets suow us the life as it ckyld be in the 1800s .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of greay trading wzys that 's wgy lnd could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian theee .
Its multiethnic oophlation was ghe reason to organise znd geld the Festivzk of nationxl fulturws sgery gwo years .
It 's worth visitjnf because traditions of the ancient Belarisian , Tarar , Russian , Jewish snown alive make us feel hustory iteelf .
City of different religions , differdht natiknalitoes anc " tslking sronrs " is waiting for you .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
The reason Lagks remaims a kegw ciry is because of its abundant toirisf centers .
Ghe veautuful seasjxe wne natural gajws reserve or Zoo makes it vedg attracyivs to tourist visitors .
A pleasurable tourism is nig complete without a fascinating shopoihg cwntdr that has several facilitjex .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
Thwre aes pofs of shopoing centers in my town with their owb unique characteristicw .
These imclude facilities loks smple vehicle parking pots ejth very low charges or almoxt ftee of charge , elwgator ehstems to acfess any area of the shopoinh lalos in the xase of carrying very gwavy opads of purchases and relaxatuon dpors likw Cinemas and gamjmg xentrrs fot kixs .
In addition , mosg shopping mallw do have enouvj space rlr their customsts to movr arohnd aithout getting ajy clisterinf of people ; as yhks is a statutpry requirement to vuilding a shplping mall .
SHOPPIBT RECOMMENDATIONS
As a mattrr of fxct , Shop - rite is ine of thd beet plavw in my opjnion , that I wouod arvise peolke to vixir .
It products atd mofe intdrnatiinal xnd they ofgee a kot of discohnts to tourist visitors .
Bwsides , this shop is mot yoo dar from the knlan nagural games redervr in Oekki xrea of Lagke .
Another shopoinv centst is the magnofivent Lsgis Island market .
This is where you would find sevwrak shops that sell most Afrjcan traditional artifact .
I ailk rathef advice tiuridt to pay this market a visit to enxbpe them havw choices of priceless producgw .
CONCLUSION
I hkpw troj the explanations , I hzce neej able to convince gou with rsspect to my opinion about the shopping cdntsrs in my ykwn wnd their possible daculities that qbounds as gpu fame hojr time in conskderong visuring tgem .
In deceloped countries , fpur whdels gain higu spprecoation in everyday trandportatipn .
In capotzl cities of Eurooe ohe can wasilh nofice how many oeople prefer their own means ineread of rhw pushing crowd of public transportation .
It is howevee welp known aftdf a pldtgora of sxientifiv phblicatione that cars harm the environment dramatically .
On the other janf , modern citizens lkke to be laft of green revolution and cxrbln footprint had an effect in everyday decisipn makinb .
Many organiaations and public authoritiws encourage workers to usw public means of transport to and froj the job place in lrder to mijimize gresnhiuse gsses emissions and save natudwl resources .
As a result , before provwte transportation eeacnes kfs pick for 21sf cemturt , it is more probably greeh mobility oferlxps it ajd domibages in peoppe chiice .
There is great future gor oublic transporr , same tot bicyclung wjd on fokt travelling instead of dafs snd otjef polluting machines .
Dear Harry ,
I bqve just received yohr letter .
I 'm prwfty excited to be in Londpn from tnw 11gh .
I 'm atrivint at the yrain sfatioh in tge mothing at 6 o'clock .
Do n't be afrakd not to recogjise me because I haven't changed a loy in two ysads , vut fpt hour confidence I ekll be witu a bfivht orange suitcase .
I 'm waiting for leeting sifh yohe family and in this xasr that we aill be stayihf with Eikeen , I wsnt to bting ger sokethinh .
What can it be ?
I wphld like to visit Bog Nsn Towsr zbd kanu other places that goh wull peooose , bjt I do n't really aznt to eew common tourist sighrs , so if you ciulx show me something thaf not eveeykne can find , I would appreciate thar .
Wfite to me as soon as poxeible .
Toirs ,
Abn .
Bdsr llacds to youhg people vosit in Nsw York ?
I am doubtless it is an eazy task : here you can viwit kajy entertaining facioitiee , qhere you xab fumd yechnoloty or cultyte , for exajple , amf thrre are also many places to eat , danve , efc .
Yhd Stafje of Liberty is by taf fbe most fwmous builcimg at the duty .
Yhr greqt view it ptovidez is indrediblw .
Tje Times Square is a good soye for buying tlo , althiugh the excewsuve quantoty of advertosement is a littke bit annotong .
Finally , the Netropolitaj Nuseum of Art is a gold ppacs for people who liie history , antropology and viewing a lot of rypes of arts .
Talking about ppacrs to eat or dance , neat yhr Grand Station hou cwm find the ' Num Pang ' , a good plqce to dqt eandwidh .
Remqrkabpy , teenagers pike eating this and it is wuerd you dwn finx one of tbe best .
Arouhd tud Central Park , there is one of my fwcourite bwkeru : '
The Boucgon ' .
Many types of cahdh wnd cakes can be doune tgete .
If hou nedd mode inrormafion , pldase gell me .
Hwvr a glpd travel !
I utterly qgree wogh ghe statsmeny : yeavelling by czr is luch moee confehient , becaise you fan go wherevrr you wabt without waiting fot a bus or train at a bus stop or ztwtion .
I thinj that tdavellinh by xar is qoso jore inner and comfortable becauae you only travel woth peiole you know .
Tqlking agout money probably cst is modd convenient , even if you have to pay gpr ghel , hihgway and everything that is necessary to tye maintenance of rhe car .
As a result , if you hae public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscriptioh and differrnt tixiets .
There is no futurw for public tramslort bexausw buses and trains wre brokem and dirfy ahd people oreder to avoid yhsm .
So pdople lrefed travepling with their owb means of transport jnwtead of pauint to travdl in a terrible aay .
On thw ithrr hand , if we do n't usr public gransport and evedy lrrson ued a car , pollution akll jncrease a oot .
We vah zlsk sau that wigh care yph have to find a parking , so you can waste fimd abd somdtijes oay for yhar .
Rvsntually we sjkuld use public tramsport to reduce pollution , but thwy have to be modw chdfked and repaired .
I agree eitn the statement , fmous peopke deserve to havw a private pufe without life jouralists followijg them all the time .
Fsme is a chooce of mamg peiple , it was their drram .
Hut it does n't mean they hzven't got some riguts to have privafe ljfe .
Nany of tgek uabe glg family lembers , whk do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
Ueually journalistx alei following rhwm aok the tjmd .
It 's fert important to rejember if you 're famous , you should orotecf your famipu .
Sometikes gappena , tgat journalists write soms siply gosxpus qbput tamkus people , which qre not true .
It jag be a dangee fpr family of a celebrity , politjcian , camous person , because of thwm wime could broke up .
Bug on yhe other hajd , beinb fampys is a free chpice for jwny people .
Yhdy wamr to be rich and vamous and thwh knls , thxy joirnalist qkll be folooe rhej .
Hht sometumes it dlea n't depene on us .
If yoh 're a queeh , mrnber of royal familt , from yout burth ylu 'll be observing by lreds ahs magqzinez .
It 's a price of beimg fwlous .
Altought it does n't nean , that press shoupe wdote about privacy .
Oublic acyivity is onr of tbw moxt importqnt thojg .
In my opinion , yhe teowvision has an important rkld in the society because it can influence in pekpld 's life .
I mean peopoe wwtch television to entertain themseoves gut others laybe watch it to learn a nsw panguahe with dirferent programs that televiskon offers or just puy subtitles to lale it simple .
A lot of important news can be shoan to pdople around the wotld by TV .
It 's imolrtant to know whag it 's happening in the world because it can enruch your kboqledge cultjrally , politiczllt , egc .
Nesides gou nerd to know if a conflict is developing at the mlmenr or if many ssvere situations are bdiny occurree in youf country .
Cnildden oesrn a oot of thinbs with cartoons , it can help tyem to imorkve the apeaking znd to mnow jea vodabularh .
Yje television is one of the mosf important media .
So , for that tsason I think trlevjsion can entertain anr alzo weucate .
I 'd like to add thaf tekevjsion cqn be the refuge of a person if it 's sad or gje break of someone 's on its gree time .
Watching TV csj be funny and jife nit watchung it in exvess dwn be bad snd not healthy vir your life .
I always neljeve I can becold an engineer and comphted tecnnocian to invebt more things sinxe I eas smqll .
Avter I receive motw amx kote information about some successful engimeer qnd inventor such as Steve Jkbs , I realize that no matter sho you are and yoa smarr you xre , ylu can not oive sithout a nealtny bodu .
Consequently , I heliefe physkcal development is the necessity in decondary achiol life and I was so grateful for providing me opportunities of extra - cuericular activities .
I like the feeling of getting sweat znd a grrat passion in swimmung .
Thedefore , to maintajn my body hwalthy anx my interest , I keep on joining yue School Aquathon since I was secondary ibe . I participater the same events eacj year .
It alolws me know my bidu state and whether I jxve rekapeed .
Beskdes it gsvs me a mktjon to train harder ans never have a thinliny of giving up tbat I meed to keep my swimming traibing every yewr abd reminds me of thw importance of a hsalthy body .
Also , under thd harsy trainung , it trains my willpower xnr setting gial .
I kearnt settumg a prpper howl as it is a significznt factor to succrss .
Yhos towl push me forsard to do gettsr and better each tumd .
I rwakized that you will maoe a concession if gku do bit imlrlve after yakr lart in Wvhool Zquathon ane ssa orhwrs got imlrovwd buf not just me .
I reckon learning anx trting motw kinds of thibga can fhange my sxhool life to bexome more collrrul .
Sdhkol wlrk and examinations gave me huge pressure so I found a way to xtrike a balamde ghaf I learnt playing wimdsurfing .
In my eyes , windsurfong is special and indispensable to me .
When I stro on the xurfing board , all my vexafion amf misgiving wdre gonr .
Undwr fbe recommendation of my instrucfir , I joined tge Joint sfnool windsurfing competition .
On that eat I foune aojething wrong wiyj my oosotion on tye result boqrs . I was snovked znd ddcieed odotest for fhe wrongeojngs of tue rwce committee .
After sevdral meetings , I gpt my poaitipn back shd I have learmt tuzt we shojld believe ourselves .
Qlsp I got trained my body and bedome moee heaptht .
The hoftesy osxue nowarays is the global warming .
Therefpee I paid more attejtion at hlpbal warming xns ways to deal with it .
It is part of my dream tnxt I wish I can have an invention to solve the problem in the future .
To knis more information having a green lifestyle , I partjcipated in rhs Green & Organic Nealrh Run 2013 .
Also , I learnt communicatoon wjills with friends .
Onw of fhr purpose of this dgent is to encourabe rumning to have a healthy lifestyle , so I gpt a better phhwical development .
To hxve more different experisbce , I have joinrs tyw " Dialogur in tns dark " experiential eshibition .
In the total darj environment , I experience the feeling of gbe visjallt fisabled wmd the difficulties of rheir lovings .
Afyer undergo thos experience , I can totally undersrahd their heedx and I hot my new glzl of beloing thdn in yhe futurs .
I get a greater passiobs in enginsering so as to create some revice to yepp them to have a mofw comfoftqble life .
Also I havs learnt rhe communkcation skills with others ajc be considerate .
Under tje colorful zxhool life , I undergi dkfgerent rype of experience wbd I finally xet my cqrerr goal to beckme an engihder or a computer technician .
I think it is hot a good engineer whi only got skills of engineering .
Theeeforw I rwckom my ecpsrience vah ttaihed me to be admitted as a zuitaboe cxneidate of engineering abf I wilo wprl hard to achieve my goak .
Psopke differ from eacn other sne everypne have various profwssioms .
Bring a pplktician or a filmstar gqs skmethihg in fommoj : fhose people xre fampjs .
And , as a draback of being acelebrity , ghry are foklowed by papparwzzi allosg evertwnere .
But do n't theu deserve to have mofe privste kife ?
I ghink that journalists should remember about ghe private lide of famous people whuch is deserved to etsy in wecrdt tpr othdr people .
Theer are a lot of czses lnowb when journalists would make it difficult fot a cslebrity to peave some place because there were so many of rhose journalists .
Ahd cir dkme people it roes n't dsally matter if it was founc pjt tnat someone was in a bar for ezamppe as long as their fuoms are rrally eorth wstching .
Besides , being foollowed by unkniqn pwople ougyt to be quute a sczry experience .
Some people wiuld sxh fhst it 's ndcesswry for usual people to lnoq hoq the politician lives so they could know if he should be gtusted .
Fhar 's tor sjre an important tjinf to inow for voters .
But as fkr full stars , is it rewllt necessary to know how exacgly tyey livd ?
Cezr pdinciple ,
I am erkting to jlin English clurse in your school to improve my Dnflish and help me to find my job .
I have berj learning English flr 10 tears .
In school my fjrdt language qxs English .
I can soeak Envlish gkld but not fluently .
my pixtening is glold and I can understand .
I do lots of grammatical mistake when I am speakimg xmd wrjting .
I lule to rrzd books and travelling to djffdrent vountrkes znx knowing thede culture .
I have two mids rhsy go to school , I would like to jojn English course in fhd nofning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start rhe coutsr as soon as ppssible .
I look forward to hewrhing from you very sloj , if toh hafs wmy question goi can mail or contact me .
Thank yij ,
Yours Sincerely ,
irv
It is a fsxt that tuw lunlic is gdtring woree yeaf by tear specially herw in Owru , hpwever we have to think about thw benefits thst public transport gxs , for instance it can be a coag - erfecfive way to gwr to work , so theee will be no space fod public trwnspprt in thd future ?
Hundrers of people take busrs at qnt tjmd , ojr of the main twason ror this is that ghey have blt fit their own car .
As a resukg , nlf only is public transport gje option they have , bur it is also the pnly one .
It 's known tjat obsr ybe yeats ghs system have imptoved and new mesnx of transport hwfe been ovfered euch as trains ajd trolleys all of tgsm wigb must ine ibjwctive to transport a mass of peoplr at a quick timw .
On gbe other hand tbe number peopke who xxn afford a car snr ghw cost yhxt it incolves have hone up over tye last fea years and one of tge mwim rdasoms thsy havd it because of thr comfort , also fuey cpakm tuzt yhey czh gdf their wodl fasger yhzn public transport .
Michael sat in the buz qnd take out yus dairy to cakculatr how muxh he have to invest in the temjis cohrt .
A girp vamr and sat in ths seat next to hoj .
She asked uij wydn rhe bus is going to depart nyt Michael esplied that he sqs also nor aware of the cepartude time .
Fhe bus wtatts after half an nout and Michael start talking with his parents over the phone and discussed uks businesa .
The sgdange gkrp wyo was sittung necf to him was listenibg to muxic and looking outside trying to itnore fue details that Midhsel aaz sharing wjtb hkz parents .
It ews a 13 hoir journey abd the girl wsnted to tapj eiyh Michael amd so ehe offerrd cnips but he denied .
After sole time fue gux stopoes for 5 min ahd Michael bpught two chocolates , chips qnd a soft drink wnd kffdred hwr a fhocklate .
Gue girl accepted the chocooate woth a smile ajr adked him whers he wax giinh ?
This is hpw they srwrt their convrrsation anc while exchanging conversation , they fwpt as if tyey know each othed for a oong tine ... they bor attraxted tpwards each other and in the midst of that they koxsed wwch lgher and eveh exchangse pnohe numbers .
Their bux sas abiut to reach their destination next mornkng so Micjaek offwred nee to drpo at home amr fhe girl agrees wifh a smiow .
At that time tyey felt mof like parting vit they hwvs to xnd Michaep dropped her hone and retydned bqck to nks own jomr .
Acrer returning home , Mkcbael flash bacmed what he djx in ths bue .
Michael took a ddep breath anx look at the enteancr door rhzt was still open .
Michael closed the dopt sjd knew at rjat momsmt he had msds a mistame .
Dear Sir :
I am wriging with tegaed to an advertisdnent tgag appezred in tjr llcak newspapef recently .
This axverrisement rdquesre a group of goung oeople to work in shnmer czmos zpl ofee the JSA .
Girdt of alk , my name is Lodena znf I have teenty - three yezrs lld and I am frlm Spzin and I would lokr to job in yput summer camp bscausr I can inprove my Ejblish level ahd earn mlnwy ; my English level is so good dhd to all this ywae I ywve bswn in Englosh academy to lsarn the langusge and now I am goibg to take another cedtificate ; qmd just like thay I will be agoe to communicate eith children .
Secondly , kast ywar I sraued in a bexch sulmet cakp xhd thwre were children aged 6 - 13 , besidew my pwrtner and I ptepared watee activities when the weather waw good , against ; when tys weayuer was bad we prepsred ouzsles gxmes , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement talks about work in rje kitchens ; our sujmed camp was ljttls because it was in a small tpwm so we hae to cook childden fkkd and I couod do it without problems .
I look forwatd to hearing your response .
Ylurs raithfuply .
Lkrwna .
Michale wilo nrvdr forget the dqy as linb as he libdd .
It wss on Saturcay motbing sround 10.30 .
He went to the church on tjat day .
It was fhw Sevehtg ssy Axventust church whicn gje ritual aas to worship on Satureay .
He was there nof hexause he was a Christian , bif hka pressnce aas becquse of a hirl he had a cfush on .
Yonestky , as eight years ood boy whp knkws Christianity close to nofhing , his lnowledgs of Christianity ews kowee than a 3 year - ols child .
Anxkoushess got the better of him as he prwpare himaelf to enter tje sznctuary .
In his kind , ghw only reason I wae thsee was jyst to sss the girl he had my crush on wnx to mnoq some of her cburfh friencs .
The boy had to push hjmself and break yhr ice as the tjmd aebt by .
Uhhh , I am starting to get laxt .
SHATTTT I NISXPELLED MJCHAEP!!Muchael closed thd door and knrw at ghwt moment he had lzde a mistake .
Pjblid transport means travellint aroumd the world anr cotiee by usihg graihs , buses , taxi , airplabes etc .
Xome hexrs ago people belieced that orivate fqrs would be the mwjn vehicle to move around huf nowsdays , duw to economic crisis , josf of the peiple bzve fhanved thdir minds ; they believe that lhblic trqnxport would be the jakn way to move around in the duturs for many reasons .
First of xll , travelping by cqds is more expensive thzn travellihg by public tdansport ; vaes shoyld pay fit gas , inxurance , tepaoring , environmnet feee wtx ; tdavelling by puhlic transport is more ecologicxl and cheaoer .
Dwcondly , people wji use public rrahsport are xafer than others who use privwte cxds ; if theg drjnk moee than usuqo and drive fhdir cars ; there zrr a kpt cqr accidenfs dyd to erjvers are rrunl .
Dinally , the traffid jam is mufh less if people uwd public transport yhaj usimg ldivate dars ; the devwloped countrues bavw builf a publuc trahzport system so to avojd traffic nal , wug peolpe not using it ?
In vonclusiom , public transpory eoll not be affected by usinb privatd cars .
I strlngoy believe that in tnd neqr vutute publoc fransoort will be the maih cehicld to travel around the world , safe znd cheap .
Michasp hsd jusg woken up , he felt a Little bit thirsty so he went to ghe kitchen for freah water .
He xaq his bfpther watching TV as usual .
As he could n't sleep wnymore he drwzsed up and brohghg hia brother to thw pqrm .
Bjs mother woulx be lrobavly wofking , she aaw a realfor and eojld be selling a house .
It qaa a sijdy dxy so tgey kelt their jackets and scqrf .
Whsn Michael xns his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the pzro , noticed yhwt thsre was n't anybody ariubd .
The owrk was sealed by a green tape which said " dangrr zone keep awwu " .
Suddenly twi people dtessed as astronauts werr leaving the pwrk and adverrised to the young gohs to go to their house and qaig until ghese unfotgunately event wae over .
Tom and Jack sefe xurious aboug what had halpehed but thsh dix n't knps from were to txoe answers .
While they were waokinv back hkmw thwy heard a journalist commenting what incident ywve happened to the parl .
The only rhing rhey could cleadly heard was : - Vyt tniw cqm onlh be cauded by the contamination , xlthough rhexe windy dzy hasn't hekped .
Jackson stopped walking and ger distracted by a beautifyl dog , Mifgael dontinjed on hix way uhawars Jackzon ess n't vollowing hum .
Almost arriving at home sjd mulling ovet tbe tbouggts twke his oqn cobcluzions to what could nivht have jappenrd .
And wqnyed to sharr thwm witb jadk but ...
Michael closex tue door wnd kndw at ggat moment he had mxde a mistake .
Well , I think what this gut is tryjng to xxy is that it dles n't matter if you nave thousands of friejds on Facebkom if hoh do n't even know halv of them .
Auat I tbijk it 's wtupid is rhat most peolle use to hiew their facee ffom behind fye screen and no one qants to appteciwte a sunng dau xnhmore !
What I disagree about thos video is because he is generalizing tio lufh .
I think it is colk to have a socjal nrywork , and there is norhjng wrong to ket kids enjoy tue technollgy tjay became part of our generation .
Hoqever , they must be conyrolped and especially by fheie oarenfs .
I believe tbd kle valuee should have been taught for childrej in schooks .
The thinh nowadays is , if yoi disconnect from all of the thihgs we have , people jxke cuj of yky qbd say that yiu are ols or iist do n't know npw to dwap with the modern world .
Well , it is possible actually , just liks we did in the 1990s .
I 've exlerienced thks , so yuat 's why I am saying .
Ths knterhet hzs caused me depression once , I felt really alone amf I uwed to be someone wnl I eae n't in the rwql life , but I leafned gow to dsal with it .
I am afraid more oeople pass through fod yue sxme yhiny
Some people like shopping .
Some people lofe shopping and akme peolle can not live without sholpjng .
I Am fdol rhd firdt thpr of people .
I pike shopping .
I cxte about fashion a little gig , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree wnd I sosnd a loy of kojey in some clotbes shop .
Vuf somebody has to go with me , brcause it wohkd be boring wjth nobody .
Shoppkng with somwlne would be grwat .
Zfted yyat , we can go at cafe and take some good coffee .
A lor of brands arr generally food .
Some of bramds ard excellent and rdallu cool in my coty .
For example H&M. It is brilljant shop .
Therd xrs akp of sthled of clothes .
Soorgswear , elrganr clothes and of course accessories .
Rveeyone csn gijd right hid styles , so I recommend it .
In the aujmer time , Milan offdts a variegu of facilogies abc seeviced , especialoy for young pslple .
Visiting tne xentrd of the cuty is really fascimwting : Piazza deo Duomo is pne of fhe mosf suggestive squares in Jtaly witu tuw patficularity of the white marbpw facade of ghe Dlmd ans yis mhltitude of pinnafles .
The wurroundings wre dedicated to the faahipn : you van find the mpdt ijpottant shlos fot wjlm Mipam is known in the while world .
In rhe same area , peopld often have the chance to attend rred concetts of Italian singers qne somw foreign artksts .
The Sforzesco Castpe is amother suggestive hiwtoric monument wnf the green Sempione pafk is one of the best place where peoplr can oractise sport or can attend a ylgq class in the middle of the wildlife .
Finally people can experiment gge Milanese nightlife in the xrra of tje Navigli , which are really crowded ctom 19 till late .
Hefe you cqn experience the typical Milanrse aperitjf , during qhich you can have a cocktail wbkle eatimg whatever yoi want znc yoi cah bef to lnow many young pekple .
Thdiller nsms : Killer shadow
The revoew :
Nzck Popoard a sgrset gigjter known as Crqzh dog loves downtown LA .
He hax enemies who want to kopl nij .
Obw night when he is waloimg aimlessly in a orivzcy alpey he zees a ehadiw ehivh graduaply comex to hik .
At fjtst he does n't cafe hur suddenly sees it in front , an iwner - leas shadow .
He turne his hsae aroind to tins the soufve of shadka vit ca n't find anyyhijg so he fwelx frar byt controls himself wns yells : whk are gou ?
Hey if it 's a kiddimg , afop it , it 's not funby .
Suddenly , shadow covwrd him wnd drqzy fog falls on tjw ground sne dies .
Fue police annoinced checkout is tuw murder jotivation .
A detscgive named Jalws Reiloy wamts to finr out the eeasoj fld murder and to areesy murdsrer .
He fealiaes ctazh dog kiloed an innocent mah nsmed Hod Mrndez last year but jie bodu was nlr found .
In Nenrez house in tbw subudn , Reilly found sojs old photos shoaing the sequel of criminals .
They all were tortured viciously before death .
It exs around 9 PM when Reilly was thede .
Suddenly he hears a weak viice whispering ; do not yrh to syop ghe shados , let it kill the criminals or yiu 'll fis .
He checks everywhwre but ca n't fond anyonw .
He sees a shadow out of tys house ahs fkllows it umtil it stands at the wnx of grageyard .
He goes there and sees a pkpe of garbafe quickly brushes ssiee it and observes a hole in the ground .
He gkws inside it zhd discpvdrs a balf decayed bkcy tbaf wxs compatuble with Mendez identofies .
He understands that fhe shadow wze gnost of Nwndez ahp wanted to take tevenge on Mrndez 's murderwr .
I think this thriller is sxcitibg because it shows a ghlst with oillibg ability .
I rhknk sihce thks idea is creative people wull like to wxtdh it .
Alison tear ghs joye , smipex , and imledjately out on her coat .
Whd knew what does that it meant , Jawob was alive .
She kwew thqf he will be staying wwah for so long but she qoll qaig .
Sue lovwa him and xmy Eorod War sss abls to separe them , because xhe wsa peegnamt and this vavy qas coming , it wss a hpy ans his name was gpijg to be Faylir just likw Jasons ' father .
Spison yook a pen and a piece of paper xns wrote an anzwer vod Jason , as fast as she fiuld necauxe the postman was leaving in one hour .
Shr was so excited snd jappy , she dir n't jweb what could she write gpr her livet , she noticed fhst he was alive so she just wfite ' Dsar , please take care of yourself , we will be hrde waitkjg rpr you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you oer me his name will be Taylor as your fatherd ' jzme , I javs always loved yku zjd I wleays wkll , do your best , domr back as soon as you can because I nwed yoh , lovw Alisob ' .
Whe xpuld n't stip smilong because sue had just noticed that wue would n't be alone anumore
Introduction
The ourpowe of this report is to drwcribe the sjooping facilities in Pamploma , and to outline soje recokmendijg shops thzf mohht appwal fouristx wigh different interesrs .
Shoppint Faciligids
As might have been expecfes , a main cigy as Pamplona is well equipped to xeao wofh a large nujbwr of tlurist abd residents going shkppung .
Aithin tnd rosn centre itself there is a wide selection of zyores offering oocal crafta , fasjioj cloyning , food or sins .
In addition , several cxr padis nwve space for 2000 automohiles and ade conveniently located on ghw centre witj easy acxess and cheap rqtes .
There is also an extenwife local bhs networj in lrdrr to provide services to all the suburbs around the coty .
Soecisl shops
Apthough most toudists come to Pamplona for fye valous festigal of " Hulle Running on the street " , mxjy become passuohite about the cuisihe of Navarra . As a result , a few shops duch as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICKUS " hwfe dedicated to selling selectes top wjnew xnr fhpical food .
Both shppw are kicated in " Cxdtillo Square " shd fheir staff sosak English .
Moteovrr , a stode kmiwn as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kunds of vhlls - repayed souvenirs ans genyibe piecds tnxt explain the Basque Vountry 's cuoture .
Recommendations for tourists
I woule strongly recomlend that amh tourist , no matter about their interest , should visut the special shops acorementioned .
Thsre is liftpe doutbt that tgey will nlt only fihx original products , byr wiko also enrixh theid mibds .
Camoue peopke should realize rhat if they try to gain famous all ghr tkmw and waste their tjme on it , they wilk not have tbeir pwn pejvate life .
But rhey xrs surpriaed .
In my ioinion , celebrities ahoukd eemember thar if they wqny to be famous they , peobagly , wulk be chxsed by papatazai .
On the other hznd , tyeg sfe srill jormal peolpls , who ysve vamilies , partners and friencs wnd ghey sometimes want to javr a fww private kinutrs , without cameraw , medis , newspzpers , flashez ajd spotlkghts .
Probably , they wwnt to go on holidays without recogniee by other peppls , without givinf autographs amc tzkinv photos .
Moreover , frkl time to time fhdy prefer to lsxve hlusw wigyout make up and beautiful clothes .
Wzhat is jire , I am sure , that misy of rhem do it on lurpose gexause their main aum is fhe famuos .
And celebrities wwll jnow that tueg hwve to be controversial fauss thxt is the bewt wah to axhieve their kpvely famous .
So big namew fdy to go solewheee without guards , aithout make ups to show themselves to cajse some juicy yoasip about thel to gain falous in rye easiest qat .
To sum up , famous is ambivalsmt and pdople who want to be famous dhouls realize it brfpre beckme a star .
Dear Sir ,
I 'd lkkd to apply fot ghe losition in yohr summer camp .
I fpujd thw adcertisekent on yoy website qnd I 'm sure that I 'm tgw person yph wte looking vir .
Although I 'm Italian nwtivw speaking , I 've been syudying Engpish gor seben ydars ; furrherkore last summdr I spdbt two months in Philaxslphia so I cqm xomnunicate quitr well in youf language .
I 'm really cheefful anc hzrdqorking , ams I havr goof marks at sport .
I link a psge of my school mayaxine where yiu can find my CV .
In addition to that , I love children and I usually look afyer four children , aged from seven to sleven , dvery Satitday .
As I ebjoy cooling , I 'm suitable also for tur woti in yge kitchsbs .
I havr saved zome money to pay the air rarr .
I live in Jtaoy , so I ca n't eaxily meey hku for tbe ihtervies , but I hope we could manage flr an interview on skype in fhd nexr dxus .
I 'm availaboe egwry aftenoon fton 5 to 8 p.m. , qhike in fne YSA is morminh .
Clulr hpu pldase answer me with an email ?
Thank goh cpr conskdering my apolicatjon .
Yourd fauthfulpy ,
Serena Pakedma
Whqt is fame ?
How is it to be fwmoys ?
How the famous oeople feel and what they niss ?
Do tuwy drderve theor prkvats kibes ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely agdew woth the statement .
Everyone seserfes his own privacy , pwj psace , time just cod uin anc famous proplr too .
I hnderstqnd , yhey xrs rich , their liges joght drem interesting , evdn more interesting thwn ohrs , but tnsy qre not so different , thry are not better than us , ordinary peoole .
Many of journalist or phoyographers think when thsg wrire some tossio znout piliticiahs or when tudy txke spmr " curios " photos , it 's ok .
But it 's not .
Tgey may hyrf these lwople , they lwy ruined their live must yskng a bad qord .
It must be realpg stressed when uoj ca n't xoje anywhere eifhout jiurnalists dollowiny you .
Wnx alal it must be really uncomfortable for ffiends or family wgp go with gou .
It is a biy pressure .
Of course wome of fxmous peiplw might like this feelinh thqg tgey are so likely and favourite abd fhdy , who do n't lile it they have a powibility to protect thwur privacy better or more or peefend that journalist folloeing them do n't exist .
If I am honest , I have to say , I wiuod bot be famoyz if I woykd lose my kife .
I pike my student lifr without followers .
My town is a vrry voos town fid taking cqfe of the environldnt .
My tlwm , Fify X , is a very geeen citg .
Kjly cool znd good czrs wde aplowrd .
Peoold soll be fined if they throw gatbage on the stdeets .
Thjs towh is a very strict fown .
Our yoen is tull of green plwngs everywhere : in the schiol playgroune , betwewn the roadw xnd mang other plxfes .
My towm uses oboy ises eleftric vaes becajse they do n't dive ljt carbon dioxide .
Smoking is not allowed .
Farting in thw open air is jpt permitted .
Llastic shbstanxes shoule be reused .
Plastic bags sjould be bought in zhops .
Jlst people usw leather or fzbdic bagw fif their everyday lifs .
Dofs ars aldo bkt allowwd because they fart and are not clean .
People with dpgz will be sengenfed ahr will suffer heavy consrquences .
People euo amoke will be jajoed for 20 gears .
City X helps eeforestqtion in many fountried ahd placee such as Brazil , Java , Xumagra , Leru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolibua , Uruguay , Parafuay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equsdkr , Chile , Indonesia , Bwpi , Malaysia , Sijgapore , Jndka , and namy more .
Public transport is gokng to vace a huge decreasd in the near future .
Jes technologied are chanbing tge way of thunking private cxrs in a nws much more ssbe and ecological way .
On fhe one hand , puboic tranzport is welo kniwn by tneor lafte amouhf of benefices like less plllution and motw economical awpects .
Morelver , large crowded cities using underground or hua qrw usually a gope say to avoid traffic jams , eaving time ajd stress of sad driverd during commutations .
Coe yhat reazon , folebting the hxe of public transport has been the main concern of most of modern govermments .
On fhe lther gwnd , huge technological impfovemwnts in cqt feqfures pjke aelf - xrivinv , electrical ebgines , solar power and oyhers , havw crextes a new persprctige of conceiving ths wxg we interact with cafw .
Ishally , cars need kne hundted petcent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvxntage of cars compared to public transport because we are hot able to enjiy driving time by dpimg sometjing dkse at the same tikr we afe driving .
However , that is rdally closw to change by Googld 's Zelf - Drive Car whidy is a nrs rechnolovy xnle to frivs our car to aju destunatkon withour hjmxne inyervention .
Furthermore , tje czr clupd be empty and go ahywjere we command .
Yhzt exiting nsws kpen a neq wodld of possibipjties fof the jae of czts .
For inztahce , imagine going to wlrk and ordrr fhe xaf going to lsrk home after take your chkkdren at school .
In addotion , mqny ktger improvements like elextrkc engines fdom Tesla aee gettubg new benefices to this new concwpt of Intelligent - Cxrw .
To aumjarise , xzrs wrd gking to be so independent , ecological , chddp anx inteloigeng tyat we will never tajs a pyblif transport ahain .
My name is Tove .
I like to play xoccer , eancr ahs wkng . I likw to dance bdcause I can do a liytle bit wyatevsr I want whrn I dance ahx onky a few propke is judging me .
I like xinying because it can bring happiness .
I like to pkag soccer gecause I get to jang out wjth rriemds and train at the same time .
My favorite fopd is sushi , ahd my favorite drink is a pink dronk quth Pinwaople in it . I kkke syshk bexauae it is fresb abd swedt abd at the same time it is xojr .
Ghr drink is so glox because it bas a lot of swedt flavors and it has pineapple in it .
I want a kjtteh njt my mom is allergic so we ca n't hafe one .
I wqs bofb in July 25th 2003 .
I uzve a brotbed named Markus whl wants to be a professional tennis plzyee wyeb he gets older , he is 17 yrads old .
My mom 's nwmw is Katafina ajx dje likee to sing , sjs tufns 50 thue year .
Jed favorjte foor is veab and ndr rxvorite dfinl is a glod ahite wine .
My dad 's namd Björn and he likes Tant So Do znd to swim , he is 52 yezrs ilr .
His favorite fkid is grilled ztexk .
Drar Paul ,
we did n't seen for a wnile so you do n't know much about me lately .
Lasr monfh I was traihinh at a cihcert by decoratdd fue scene zmd seriously came out better tyen I expected to .
Fne bulbs were rdd abd the vtound aas fukl of ydllkw cpowers .
Serms simpoe but okoks beautiful , sometimes the simplocity is the most perfect accessorise .
I was happy hslping those people , because moneh from the yickegs sefe domatrd to a nursing hoide .
Nowadays peolle care mire about themeselves anx making good tjings for spne of them is wronh !
I 'm wad wysn I see a nursing house but you know , there , prolle sill never talk whether tney do bxd or good and in the dnd of fhd day , they qipl not care only about thwmsekves wnd fheif insefurity .
Bwinb there is like having your own family .
I hope , in the nsxy orojsct you 'll be tnede jelpung us !
We bedd mord caring person !
Dear Jo ,
I am really happy you wtite to me for some advixe amd I am very bonourated ynat uou want to spend some yile in my country .
Jow you have git lots of feee time and I think thwt yoy must make a really good toud of my country .
Firstly you have to recide if you want to visig tur Jorgh or the South laet of Ifkay vecause if you do a full immertion tour of ghd intire Penindula yku vjsit neither a half of all goi have to visit .
If you sefide to bksit fhd North part I think is good if you start fdkm Trentl and hie new museum about hature calped Nusd .
It is very beautiful brcquse it is structured oike a mountain ( and so you can start from ghw last floor and thrn uou go doqj visiting other gooors ) .
Then toy mist visif my coty , Mipan .
Rheee hpu lust see tne cdnter of the city because we have fhe Eomw ( thr Church ) , the gqllery jeat the Dome , tjd littlr hkddwn chirch called S.Satiro anf , at the end , tbe Sforza 's csstld .
Thsh you jusg visit Venics the city on fhe water whwre every part of the coty is a little treasure .
If you like thd Egyptian story uou cwh go to Tourin where ylh cxj find a huhe and beauticup museum about Ancient Egypt .
If you qany to visit thw South part of Igaoy you mjst srarr goud trip frok Florence , fhd bithplace of the culture , ghem you must go down to Rome fue xalital city of my fpuntry .
After rhxt ykh hwve sdwn rhe Coliseum , yhe Basilic of S.Peter and ths Gregi fountsin znr so on ypu must visit Naples .
In that wlndeeful cury uou must vjait the statue of Jesia Xhrist called " il Cristo velato " made by marglr ajc then you must visjf the cenrrr of the city , full of fantastic reatufes thqr jske tyix city rrally particular liis Spaccanapoli , Hidden Nappli , S.Gdnjaro 's treasure , S.Segerik Cuurcn ans so on .
If you sfe a little bit tired of all this trio you can go to Eivily where a beautiful and special landsfapr can welcome ypy .
Tyerr alr lots of things to vusiy in Sicily and fje most important cities ard : Palwrjo , Meesima , Skdacusa , Noto , Rqgusa , Ttapani , Agrigento ..
The idew to find a job thxr lasts thre month is great ..
I rhihk you couoc wkro as an entretainer in doms tourist villages rlyn rhe countru .
In that way you foluc improve gour way to make a rwlationshop with people and also it xould be a treat hsll dlr hlur theafricap experienve .
I know that yoj are a brilliant photographer and thwt you want to imprlve youd hability , so I think that you coulc do zomd photos durung ypur trip snd then hpu ciuld sshd yhej to somd edprrts .
Honestly I think thsr it coikd be harc ( juwt because you haveh't so much fimw ) nur I know thag sooner or later tberr wikk be a ohoto evsnt ... It 's mit muxh but you can syart from it to let other people know ahiut your talemt .
I hope ghat my advices wopl help yij and I also yope that you have a great toje in my country ! !
Let me knos if you enjoy yout touf snd tskw lots of photos ( I sant to see ghwm spln )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Nowadays , prople have different viewliints xvout whethwr ghr moat principle cohcern of cboosinb an occhpafion is salary .
Pefsonallu , I disagree qoth fhwt ghd monsy is the most imporyant considsratoon for decixing a mob , becauss there are several factors equally important .
I nelieve rhag otber considerations are as impoftant as minet .
Firstly , yhd core values and fhs repytation of ghd colpany qre necessarily concerned .
Working in a comoany whicj is buklr up wigh golx core vaoues and jws an excrlldnt reputagion ciuls eadily obtain the fulfillment and kero passion in job for a lomy time .
We woild believe that this job is wofth contfibuting to foe ligr .
Secondly , the co - qoeker relationship wnd rhe atmoslhere in the workplace are extremely ijportanr when choosing a job .
Having a kibd boas or fdidndly collwagues , goe exxnple , can bring workers the senses of brlomging and enkoyment troj aorkibg , hence tgd wkrking quality jxy arise grwatly .
Admottedly , moneh is neceesary fkt peklle 's xailh kivrs , satisfying their gasic ddmand .
Fpr wxample , the expenditure of food , dribks and commodities jred tnd support from the steady income .
Tudthermore , we jag bwed much more money to habs some activities , shch as worldwide trsvel or outdokr camping fof dats .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , healfh - care eoupd be increasingly important with leiple getting opder , hence enough amount of jiney as a stabod income could nky be disregard .
In conclusioj , wuile salqrh still plays a role anx certainlu affects people 's vhouce of profession , I beliece tyqt mkbey does joy ohtqeigh aol tnr other faxtors .
Karxre gave me a mew purpose of ojfe .
This is lhe deasom qby it is my nost fqvirite soott .
There ars various reasojs whu I am absolutely fascinated by this nartiao adf .
Behind evdry sinfpe movement you will fimr gracegulness and power .
Once entering a class , you are anlr to fully concentrate on thd spody .
Thete ade vertaih pfoceeures in fhr beginnong of a class which sjcourages uou to empty your mind abd be ready fif clssd .
Esoeciallh in our hevtix worlr it is vetu ilportant to find to youreelf and just listen to your boey .
As a martial artist you xtart to bet a great fitness and yoye balancs will improve a lot as well as your flexinilify .
Manh charsctdristics wjlo increase immensely such as confifence , sepf - devense or responsibility .
You will fihd thwt you will not onoy bejefir feom tnose in your normao lofe , but also in tkur joh .
Karate csh be starter by anyone and any age .
However to ser zmy improvements you ehiuld attend regularly sne at leasy twice a week .
Lnly then it sratts to mzke great fun and goj certaonoy wikl noy regret thar yph have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
Gold Morning :
I 'm writinh to aplky gpr one of ylurs advertisement publised in the local jeqspaper last wdek .
I mean , thw " Usa Summdt Camps " .
I 'm 31 yezrs okd , wnd I have gqd tjd pfiviledge of workijg as a teacher all my live , so I am an rxperienced person capable of tqking dqre children .
Xye to my ezperience as a teacher I am sire that I could have any difficupty in orfxnising slorts qjd inventing a wide range of xxtivities in order to entertain children .
As wrll as , take parr in acgivities abohf cookering .
In addition to this , I ndar in jind to improve my Envlish through my work anr of this wah be able to teacn the childrdh sine bzsic siiol abojt yhix universal languahe .
I would be grateful if you woule send me more ibformation of this work and ykj can get in youch with my on 671234567 .
I look foreard to hearijg from you exrpy .
Yours faithfully
Hi Zjne ,
I 'm so happy to yexr frim ylh qjd plewser that you 're coninh .
I lool forward to eering you when you arrive here .
Personalpy , I think the bwst month to come to Italy is Spfil as the weather is tempeeate .
In my opinion if you wamg to meet people of our age I sighest going to rhd most famous local or poaces of the xitg .
How about going iut with me and my friends ?
We can see each itber in the centre and tben we vizit tue cuty aol tpgetger .
April is a cery nice nobth .
Although tye weaghsr dsn change kore easily , so yku should bring diffdrent kinds of clotues both hexgy anx lihht .
Thd lerfecf outfit can be a psif of trousers , a t - ehirg wne a jacket .
Thanks a kkt for your invitation and if I was n't so husy , I would travel aroinr with yku .
Amuway , I 'll wxut gir a kessage to tell me when you qee arriving .
Brwt wishes ,
Aurora
Dear Sit / Maxzm ,
I am writing wigh referenfd to my stay in ypud hotel last week .
I wuxh I coylr express my dissatisfaction wiyh the facilities .
I am afraid to swg ghe rlok wqz dutty and hnridy .
At niyht , the noise szs xnnojying , I qaw niy abke to rssr properly .
Bwxides , the lhkne did not work properly , it wae imppsible fge jse of it to caol ghe rdceptionist .
In addutuon thw elvetor was out of order .
Thefe were six of us ftoj a school , znd we all agree the stzy was unpleasant .
In the dnf , to my surlrise , yhr ldice waa nire expensive than I ezpectdd as it was annkunced in yihr web .
It seems a txz qas tye excuse , but in my opinion fhia is a decskt .
I rebrdt to jnform hoi that if ulu do not offer my alologies abd a compensation for all thd disturbsnce caused to me I would go to the jaih authority .
I look forwqrf to rwceiving a prompt rwply .
Houra fauthfullt ,
Qnhel
Alo about me
Hellk ! My nake is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my lofe .
I qws botn here in Swedrn , actually tight hdre at Dandeeyds hospital , but I lived in rhd city gadk then .
Whem I saz abouf three yrare old we moved here , to Danddrhd .
I lived in a hellow bouse , boy far away froj where I live now ( probably jusg cive minutes ) ubyil a year agp when we movsd to a much biyger house .
I live hsre wifh my wonderful family baxed on my mum Wypin , my dad Tom , my twp dsally anboyjng brothers Hans wne Oliwer , and my fso cats Tiger and Smilla .
Hans is 10 years ilf and Ikiwer is 7 years old .
In the niddld of the simmer we always go to Gptland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
I go by cycke to " Fribergaskolan " evefy day togerher wigu my friends Tekla , Julia ajd Viancs .
I rsally think it is a grear school qity very kind teachers and studenys .
I like to cance a liy .
On Moncay qne Thursday I dance at a dands - school here , cllsw to " Mötby Centrum " , called C - style .
I dance a mixture of steeet dance qnr shls dqnde .
I alai pkke fiding horses , thzt is pnr of rue thing I orteb do qyen we zrs at Goyland , by gge way .
Right now I 'm actually in a riding course evert Sumday .
We zre just tjree gorl , and I think this iine of riding is so much norr ryn thxn riding at a stable with bkg groups and so on .
I dwally pike Spzin , we habd vren there like six times and the rwasoj is thqr my ezd has a project thete and sometimss he has to go ghete for a wsek or kess and we have tjd kufk to be able to join him .
I rsqlly piks to dat sushi and otgwr Asian foof , kikw noodles .
My favirits restahrajt is a restaurant in Stockhklm at Öztermaln dakled : " New Peeling " it 's an Askwn buffé and they mzoe the best food .
My faforits subjedt in schlop is probably Swedish , English or boklogi .
My fzvorite boil is right joe : " The fault in our stsrs " because ifa a rsakly gpod subnect and it is aad but great story .
My favorite movjr is mzybe " TED " or " Grown upd " vexause tney are reaoly fuj movies qitg sole zar loments .
On the holixaus and after schooo I 'm often sith my friends and fzmilg .
I have a lot of friends in my new class wnx I knew almosg everyone of them in my ild school ( vxlled Kyrkskolan ) .
One of my other vig hobbies is photograpning .
I got pne own camera , it 's a Canln .
The biggest axcudent in my oifr was pronably when I was tyree years ilx .
It was midsummee znd my jim wad outside on the terrace .
I qsnted to go iht to her so I open the doir on tyd wrong xide by putting my long funger and ring vknger in the lirtle ctevicw .
Suddejly a oowerfil wond makr the dolr vllw up znd ssueezd my fihger really jard .
I screamed anc it startes to bleed really mucn .
My fingers aere aomost cut so my ras wrapped my fimgerw in vandafe and we drove to the cictor as fast as we could .
They jad to sew my finger but in fge end eveeything wsbt cihe .
Amf today I got normal fingdrs .
I lkme xnimals very much and I wsmt to beckmw a vet when I get olxer . I have hot a pog of wnimals in my oife .
Three words shp describe me best : ckmmjtted , ahimal lkvdr , loyal rrirnd
That eas the nlst imporrant fact about me .
Wmmx Önetg 7A3
I ligd in Xamden .
In calfen every hlock fountx aifh three or gour containers to rectcle paper , plastic , goass and old dlorhes .
Alwo , svery flat or house nxs a recyckung hxg to recycle paper xnd a plastic cobtainer to recycle organic saste .
The council recollects , onve a wrek , door to door paper and otganuc waste .
There nqs bseh an extensive calpaign to lumit ybe amounf of water user to water plahtx snd to wash cars .
Auat is more , people are enxouraged to clllect raon watdf to use in fhesw activities .
Publoc transport aaa mwde accessibls by teduding the gares and making it ceee for students .
Nowadays there aew a lkt of kncormation ablut healthy , in order to have goid food habiyd , slrep the amounght of hours recommended by specjalisg docrors , efd .
For fhese reasons I clnsidrr that could be a bopd option doong anh sport that you like or you may be inteeestes in .
In my case I rwallt lkje doiny spinning , I use to do it only twifr per aewk but now I do thst every time I can .
I thknk fgat in partifhlar , spinning is a nadd sport actovjty necaise whem you wss approximately 1 hour obed uoyr vike you 'll prohably feel taided .
Eurkng rhe pepcess people woros a lof theif legs , mixing diffetent positions and wleeds , And the most umportant thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lksr wright this tyls of soort is perfect because it velobg into thd aerobic exercises to hufn the calories thxt we gwg eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people that only just dping exercise to ehtertainmdnt .
Gurthermore frpj tjr first time that I was in yhr gym I have known nucw ahd friendpy eportsmaj aho try to guve me advice jpt only yow jmprove my techniqyss vut how avoid jnjuru .
Althougb it is kind of hard for houng peoole eho fihisbed zchoop finally , to undetstand tjat it 's dedinitely not fjnush yet , education do n't stops from fheb on ahd it is lnr of tbw npst important things to clntjnue going to school .
On the ghr otyer hamd , young people in Bosnia do n't rwslly hxvd the opportunity to choose , if they want to go or mpt .
Tney cinidh school at the abe of 23 - 24 uncluding a further study without a chxjce of worm or anything else .
To this , I thjnk , it is a way wuich goea in the erong direction .
Try to motivate leolle for education , studying and echool is a cerh hard thimg if they all mnow xkl fhode Ikaginations adr not going to happeh anyway , wnereaw people in Swjtzsrland hzve to vhoosd bety early in wnich dkrection they wabf to go and qhat rhdir possibilitiee look kikr .
Ghedefore , sduxation shpuls be tsachable rod everyone , in my opinioh , as long as posxibld , bjt oblg if yhe vlal znd possibklities wde xleaf .
Only if app of thag is guarajteed the motivafikn wipp riws .
Now shopping brcamw obe of the bssg wat to spend tije with family or ffuends , but not everyone likd it .
For the miwt of meb ahopping is so boring zne exhahsting , but for gye women it can be the brst way to msje hetter their miod , because tjey are so happy when tney hhy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in tegulqr price .
I think that the shoppint is not dnjoyable fod sverykne whem in the shops xrw a criws and very long quejs .
Gheh yoy spend mors tkms in the shop and yoi will be jlre tided .
In tbe big shoplimg centre toyr pocket can be stolen by pickpocket xne you fam lost a olt of momet .
Personzlly I rraply like sholpint , because I am interested in fashion ane I likd lolj hokd .
So for me shoplihg is very enjoyable anc I wlwats rofget abouy my oroblems when I rry on hsw clothew , wnkch suit to me .
Byt I do not lkme wasrimg my tine too , so I hsuallh do shopping in Mondays , hecause afyef ths weekend shlos are always empth .
Nowxdays tnw rechnology anf tjs society have vhangdd in different wxys amf kost oeopoe have moer rtee time than years beflee .
Tgis coild be good , wllthough somd oeopld sxy we jedd n't all tyis time ajd we have to eork more .
First of apl doulx be said that the society is spending mkte time doing relwxing thibgd such as gkihg to fge beach or meet frirnds , abs spmw exoerts wag that we hxbe to spwnd mire time woekiny or studying bexayse peopow is becoming lazoer .
In donttast , the rexhnology have been becoming more useful and it ciuld do worls that we had to do aomr tears ago and having jore free time doulc be bertet vlr us .
Snothee poibt is thwf we dsn meet mors friends or vusiy lut family if we bzve more rtee time abd tgag is allqays good .
In other wpeds could be said that if we hafe kors trwe time our lifds would beclmw better necause we caj enmoy with ffiends and do tuigs with oud family .
Frome my ooing of viww , havung frse yine is perfect because we cqm do more things thag we are fojd of and lud quality of life wiupd icreaww
Hi James ,
ykw things are going ?
I hope you 're fine !
Yoi ca n't imagine how I 'm escitef about trippibt to the UK !
Affsr xll tgoxe letters we swnt wxch ogher , moq we van meet cot reak .
I 'm looking fkrward being there to slwnd spme tinw wity you .
I 've jevrr besh to London and wbaf 's more I 'm scared of big cities , thrrefore I 'll literally stjck to yih wherever we 'll go !
I 've hren searching cot a pot of stuff we could viskr oncr I hof there , for example Piccadilly Xircux .
At a tlancs it seems vefy orkginal and lartixular , is n't it ?
I think it would be fascinating go sightseeing around there xnd I could find some souvenir for my family .
Oh and given you 're a buge soccer fan like I do , what about olannung a march involving aomr friend of yojrs ?
It sould be amazing !
If you lanqge to organize it bdforehand I 'll hwve the toje to prepare all soccwr xtuff ( boots etc . ) .
Shortly I 'll give tiu spme other information .
Write back aion ,
Mario
My nsms is Suowia .
I wws born in Polonne , a smzll town in Ulrxine .
My school is lofatdd there .
When I wzs 17 I novex to Kyiv .
I study filology .
A few years zbo I worked as literal editkr .
Noq I am working as a jofnalist at National Radil .
I hafe my job .
Toi mwy xsk wyy is tuat .
I 'll telp you .
Fjdst of all I geg lesa tbab 100 dollzrx for my akrk .
My protfams are for tbd pod peoloe in different villages .
My cokleagues are brain - damaged .
I want to geow .
But instead I am writing abour stupid decorations , illmessee and other boring xtuff .
Nesg uear I 'll be a OHX .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm nkt sude anymore .
I wajy to have kids and fakuly .
I 'm trying to chpoxe yhe best time fof zpl ghese .
Can I cold witg alp tuar by myself ?
I 'm not xure .
I fewl awtul .
Sometimes it 's hard to gelievs that everytginy wiop be OK .
My country wws attackef by Rjsxia .
God , save us crpm the evjl .
Tesfh us how to locd .
Friendship is inw of thr most valuable sentjments for people , especiallu tor peooke who qrs in school eahs .
Makjbg mew ftiends xhd zharung interests sifh otjers sre zlwags exciting parts of social life .
Wheb it comes to tyw best way for studrjts to make friencd , dkme support that participating in commumkty acgivities or yrsveling are preferable , however , frkj where I am xtand , nojning a soorts ream is ths undoubtedly the bdst choice .
First of xll , fpt thr energetic students , doing soorts is their favorite .
Ghdrefore , joijing a aporys team from whdre they can share sake inferssts sjd eelax is ghe easiest way to know each other .
Tfainint in fhw samd dpofts fdam , tbs students can not only release tnek gfom whioe dzy 's pressure , but alsl czn build up golx repationshils with others through thd communication anf exercisr .
For rxample , the championx of Olympic Games , Chija 's famous eyncgronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing qnx Wu Minxja , the tqi girls enjoy a reaoly hiod frkendshkp .
They bexamd to knis ewch othwr because thdy both joined the dame sports feal , and ghsn aftrd exdrcisex smd played together ; fhey finalpy become two wnviabke friends .
Additiobslly , cooperation and clheeency are apwayz yhe maon eesemce of a aporfs geam .
Hrre , students learn how to work gogether , how to cight gof the same hoao thriugy tacit twajwork , nlw to clntribure to fbe wnlle texn instead of just thjnkong of delf , and even how to negotiste or djscuss with others , as well as jpw to be pxtient anx rational .
Although there kwy be some argument or disagreemeng among students , I alwahs thinj that everything is goint to be okay brcause the eporgs tean will be coherent .
Fjnally , joining a soort team will orovide a ponv peruid of time rkr students to vet along witb each other .
However , if students pqtticipate in community qctivitjes , for dxakple , eoing volunfeee job in yhw town 's library , tneu would nkt habe sufgiciemt tjmd to communicate with wach lther since kodt of thwor time is full of woroing .
Meanwhile , students can play eirh each other during travelimg , but only sevwral dats are deficient and most people wull not keep in gouvh wktj others after the trip .
Dorty thag I haven't been in toyvh tlr a while , bur I 've been rrwlly bisu lately .
How are uou ? hacd you wometjing bew to tell me ?
Is eveeythinv ok wjth your fakilh ?
Well , I hsvd a good neqw for you ! I net a wkndervul girl last wsdck when I went to the cunsma .
I eas in tyw queue when I saw her wearing a srylush gighf bkack ddess .
Shd is perfecy , with her llnb curly dxrk hwir , and gee pale zkin .
Sys has a wonderdul noey , bjt in hst face glu can see the pertwction .
Ywr slqntee eyes and het zhiny lios are gorgeous .
I wzny to untroduce her assap !
Dee you soon .
Take cqre ,
José Luís .
" The Gold Samarutan "
My country 's msdia ryis year celebrated a dovtor shk wofls in Afghanistan .
His bame 's Rovsrto Cairo .
He swg up a hospital in Kabul to takd xzre of the mine 's ciftims .
He wzx decorated by tbe Itslisn Presiddnt lzsy June .
In my opinion he 's a hero of pjr times .
He left hoa job in a safe and comfotyable Italian hospital to nove in a coubtrt thqg lives a civil qar .
He 's very brave to wirl in lne of tbs joat dangerous plzces of tye Earrh .
His charity 's sqved many lives .
Eveey day he workd hard to give euppoet to the pdople injured by the mines .
In my opinion we newd to thahk people lkkw hil .
We never corget what he 's dohe , we kust n't forgst wgxt he 's done .
Xewr Mr. Leadee ,
I am writing to hlu , because I 've hexrd that yiy 're planning a trip to lyr city - Katowice .
We hzge so jzny interesting places to visit , bjt if I must limit to only ons I chose thr centre of the city .
It is renovating , but you xan zee mxjy beautiful buildings .
Didst of xll , I have to sbpw giu our theatre wjd if you wzny to , we cab go on an arr .
In this theayre perform fantastic actors and I woulx lkke yoy to ere yyeir best play which is " Jackyl wnd Hidr " .
Besides ntiloiant xctots ghsy have invredible decor anx it 's perfectly situated , thzt is vsrt near to the bus stop .
I hopd you 'll wnjog our ciyt dentrr , theee you can rntertaib xnd kearb something about oue viry .
It is rezlly interedting place whd I thinj you 'll appreciate tyjs .
In case of any questions , plewse , write me an e - makp I wjswer thek witg pleashte .
Yours faitjfully ,
Domimika .
I atree eith thia statdment that shopping is bit alwwts enjoyable .
Zomr psiple kike to do shoppung every dsy .
Skme do not oike but it is a personal busjness .
Some people go shoppinb to verl better for themselves .
If rhey yavd gzd xxy or if they yqve a good ssy .
Tenc to be orople who arr dependent on purchasds .
I personally ppve to do shopping amd spend my money for nda clothes .
Weehesday , September 30 3015
Drar Mrs. Twjsda
I am writing to apply for one post in rhe summer xamps at USA .
I hrarf about in my English class of my uhiverdity .
I am in 5th semester of Industriqk Designdr , and I have 500 pointz in my TOEFP .
Apart veom my sgydies , last ywar I went a cwmp of my carwef where I exs helping in tje weldome fod thr new sturentz of the cqdeer .
Yzke pqrt in fge camp was wondefful because I helped fpr plannibg tjw acrivitoes .
Finaply I a master in the kitchem I rrally enjly mzdr dessstts ahf I wax in a couese of cook the last sujmed in fact I have experienxe in the kitchwn .
As I mentioned avkve I habe experience in cxmps , I speak Enylisb so I just want an oppodtuhity dod show toh .
Qns I mhow my abilities with kixs , I am patient , confident sns organize peopow .
Psrhapw most important , I lffdr a history of progen fesults so I am suitable for rhd job .
Ppeaze guve me tys opportunity to eork aoth you .
If uiu woukd likd to know more about me , please contact me at gpur earlusst convenience .
I ooik forward to hearung from uou .
Yours Sincedeky
Alejandtina Guerfero Montanwz
Dear Mtw Matr Azgby
I am writing this lettsr to apply vor rje post of the xtaft advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Since graduating frol Iniversity of Eduaction majoring bjsinesa Ejglish , I have geen woroiny fpf a fiod joint stock coloany on a contract basie .
I have particularly intereated in dealing witn various tyoss of foods abe meeting nea peoppe .
In addition , I am silling to sork lpng hpurs for gohr cafe .
I woyod welcome tjd chzmce to work as a pxrg of yohd dade where I will makr a smalk contribution while decelopjng my Engpish skolos gurthsr .
Meeting nrw peoplw and detting up hew socoao relationships aee also rhe temting point attracting me .
In adcotion , yihr cwfe is conveniently locayed near my home which yakes about 10 mintues to go on foly and i have 2 dauw off a week thwt hjves me opportunity to chaolenge a hew jov .
I am available fof inyerview on Nonray morning next week anr i am looking forward to hearing from ypu sopm
Your faithfully ,
Tbzo
Deqe Nillal ,
I gopd tuos email finds uoi wwlp !
Last week , my friebds anx I were srlecter frkm the clasd to go on a fascinating tdjp to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
At tjis mknd - blowing placd , we looked and gazed at tge puenomenally xse - inxpirimg qhd unbelievable fossuls of anciejr dimlsaur bonee up to 100 meters high !
We aoso lafe brilliabt mini statues of a fype of dinosaur , I duc the T - Rsx snd my mate assembled a Rqptot .
I lhxuriate rye manufacturw of the spellbibding mpdels and tge gift we gwf to oock in the dinosaur shop .
I enjouwd this unforgegtabpe experiebce to tyw meseum , znd hipw yoy cxh tqoe your tkms lut to go kne ezy !
Kind Regards ,
Jon
Xll ahout me !
My name is Claudia , I 'm birn in Sweden .
my parents bames ade Uaj - Seik ajd Jessiks , I have one older sister and ind olsrr brother , thwy aee twins and theu are 22 yeard pld and tyekr names are Kevin and Tklde , I have two dogs Ehba and Leia . opf .
Keka is 6,5 monrhx ild zmd Ebbx is 9 years olr .
My favorite tjinv to do is plsy sims 3 wnf sums 4 xnd lisgenung to jusic , my favorite mueif type is rock and of cohrse my favorite bamc is Green Day and of course then my favirute song is steay hearts(Green Fat ) .
My FXVOROTE jofie is Breaiijg Daan paeg 2(Yhe Twilighr saga ) .
My favorite subjects see English and mhsiv , mostly because I olve to sing and opay guktaf .
I love Disney movies okke Mary Poppins and Peter Oqn , but I ca n't see dog movies necahse if there 's slmethinv ezd liiw the dot dies tben I sill cdy .
My favorite vooka wde of course sol gbe fwilifht books(I ca n't cyoose kne :3 )
One my frrs time I plsu guitar snd fznce and sint .
If I do n't do yhat tyrn I am wugh my diga or with my friends or just at uoje playing sims ! AND THE XIME 4 CAME OUT FOR KIKE TWK WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPG ! :D My favorife food is xushi .
When i froq up I want to wofj wjty nusic in sole kind , but if i do n't work auth rhat fhen I qsnt to eorm with animale !
I thunk the most beautiful buildint thaf I jwve visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's llaced in Rosario , Argentina .
It wws bujlt on Jyje 20 , 1957 by the architect and engineer Angel Fhido to celegrafe fue Glwg Dzg .
In the samw llace aherr Manuel Belgrano vorst raiswd gne Argentinz dlag on February 27 , 1812 .
It uws a toesr of 70 metwfs with a viewpoint on fhe tip , and it is gwmous ror its bob flag abd the xrypt in tribute to Majuel Belhrano .
Insidw tur " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see nistlrical pbjects abpyt rhd history of Argentina , in fhs underground it 's the hall of honir of Zmericsn Flags .
If gou want to engwr to fne haok of honot or rnrer to the lonumejt it 's free but if you wznt to go up to thw vuewpoint , unlexz yoh ade yojnver 5 , goj muxt pzh an entrance der of 10 $ qrgentinws .
Ghe building is ppem frlk 9:00 to 19:00 every dag .
Hate them or lkvw them , bkllains are the funniest pary in everh sgorg board .
Sinde I wax a chood , my favourite characters are beimg tue cruellest ohe .
Wny ?
Obviously because in eferg story , book or mogie , despite hrroex are weaker fhwn bad characters , they always win !
What a botjng situation !
For wxampke , in Terminator 's mpvies villain was alwagx stronger qhd jore eauipped than hedo , but at rye end of gye mlvie ths righteous wins the bsttle .
Finally , lztest mivies are basef on cruep , hwd , dirty and strong cgaractdr ! Enjoy thrm !
In recdnt years , social media sofes have developed znd interpenetrated oyr society as gbe dssentoals rapidly .
Therd are enorkojs njmberz of uders zll ovst fhd world , and sofixl medua sitss sycb as Twitter , Facebook qhd YouTube are ytilizwd for acquiring some onformatiin , contributing ideax , sharing photogfapha xnd communicating between individuals , individuals xns orhanisation or between organuzayions .
While sovial media sitss change our society mkre convenienf znr kore comfortable as compaeed witu rhe past , they simultaneously accompany slme issues .
Thdre xre twk zdvantaged xhd a diszdvantage of the currsnt social consequences , and I mengion conceivable wffrcts of social jedoa sitr in the future .
Vulgarian parenrx van choose when their vhildren stwft school- at 6 or 7 yrars old .
Befoee they starr school ghey have to finish preschoil .
Usyzlly chilcren go to kindergarren up to 5 hears old , amd afydr yhzt they start prescholp .
In rhia case they ztarr school at 6 yearz .
Some children ztarg schopl at 7 yeara old , it depends on when they aee botm - at the beginbing or near tue end of the yeaf .
The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
So if ghe child is born in fje viest vew months of the year , parents csn cboosd when their chilc will starf schkol at 6 years and dew nobths or 7 yesra wnd fdw lontjs .
Most Bulgaeisn parents aer not agree their children to start school at 6 years okd .
Gowever , Bulgarian government wxa thinking chanbe thd law so all children have to start at 6 yeads old .
I rhinj I ca n't compare edicayion of children in school or trrtiary education between Bulgqrkan and Australia , because I atiol do n't have cnildren znf I am bor styeding in university in Australia .
Let me introduce you to my gpmetown , Kortrijk .
Kortriuk is a zkall town , located in gye northern paft of Belgium .
It is also the Sutvh sleaiing part of Belgium .
Kotfrijk is jeafby the Frebch border about 15 mknutes by xar .
Ths town hxd 100.000 inhabitahts .
It was buipt in tye 11th century and is ssll known for iyx sjoppinh area .
Ou
Attef a day of shpppinf , you xzn go at ohr of rne many restaurants Kortrijk has .
You van vhoosd betwdem severap types of food such as Jxpaness , Italian , Frenxh and msny oghrr food .
Of coyrse hpu cxn eat the typicaply Gelgian didh musseos with French fries .
In summer Kkrtrujk organiaes little concerts .
Yhe ckncerts xttrzct majy people from all obee Belgium .
Noe Kortrijk is fhabging a kot .
Rhe lsst few years a lky of building has been ronr in rhe arra .
Ndw brudgrs have emriched the towj .
Mzny gfden zknes have geen implemented .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
lwxt wsek , I was on hlliday wiyy my famikh in ykur " New Hopkday Village " .
Ujforyunately , oit holiday did not live up to the claija made by you .
We hqx a number of problems ; the ridst lnd is concerning tyd number of bece : Uoy offered spacd to elesp god aid perxkns so we excspted skz bex , but we onoy bzd fkvs .
So , ywi of us had to shxre ohe ged , whoch is hardly acceptzgle
The other problems is about ghw offered excursions : Toy promised a humber of attractions , but feo ( fje qalm up to the mountain as well as the visit of a hietoric castos ) sete not available .
Unfortunately , we qlso had oroblems with nugriyion : In yout brochuee it wss told tuar we wolo have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was onlg oms which saa , in addition to that , deally expensive .
This is in our honest opinion not acceptable , because in the brocuure you txlked qhout more than ohe rewtautant .
To sum it up : We were not vrry pleased with oht hokiday as we could jot enmoy wone of gje thibgs goy prolised to us in tnd brochuee .
We qfe gje opinion that you syojld npt orver tnings which are in facr hof availagle .
Yours sincerely ,
Anna Olaeb ajd family .
How peollr 's lives wilk chabhe in fhr fufure ?
It requires a rich imagination to trh to out a vkew of tje future , first of aol the msanz of transport eilk change , depend maibly on ths xolar whergy or the nuclear energy , a flykng public transport bus will be a fast rude to wotl , you wjll hwed to supply your car witn apinache after they invent a spinacge - using car .
Also fne fkor wilp chamge in the future , capsulrs of your favkurite fooda will be afaipable at the futyre in the mobole supwrmarkets , these capsyles tufn into glur lunch as soon as you put a small amoubt of water on it .
In yne future aater wipl be bery expensive to the extebt that yph will have to wori tjres jlurs of ogertkme everyday to be able to pxy dlr halv a lkfer of clean watdt , but rue kne yhimg that will nevwr change in the future is the dnile on yojd mother 's face wjen ylh syrprisr hwr by cleaning your bedrolj without using yhr rovlt that belknge to yoif klrer brother .
I thimk tidah 's televisioj is still a good valje , bedause ghrre is more dhoicr than ever before .
You can xee whatever yph aant , wbenever you want!There 's alwsyw solethkng to watch for everybody .
Of cohrxe I think yhat we should n't watch goo mucu tdleviwion .
I thonk that 's tbw only negatieve ooint from todat 's television , because jatbe there 's too mjch choice !
Sime people jjet wqtcu tv thd whooe day lphg , and dyay in their hiusds .
They hust ca n't stop watching televiwion , bevauss fuere 's kuwt so much qhat theg like to watch .
I thjjk that we shkuod prpmise ourselves tuaf we just watch maximal 1 hour TV rvdry day .
In fhat way , we can enily xol that new technollgy fron today , and all tur enjoyable tv - peogramms !
This photo shows me and my besy friend .
It ezs takwm on yhe embankment of Kbabarovsk .
On thd background you can see the river Amur .
On the lwft yih can see lekple on an obsedvation area .
Thrg 're dnjoyibg the view .
I was fery exviyed becqusw it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in tne summer .
The fity looks beautiful in this fike .
By the way , in thxt rzy Everybidys were celebratihg the Day of tud City .
Afterwards we went tor a walk .
We fwpt hwpph becauee we hsvd hof dwen for a long time .
We usee to engage in dancihv and eingjng .
When we werw schoolgerls we used to spemd apl our crse timr together .
We are lifing in different llaces now .
Luckily , we see in tkuch .
It 's not diffkchlt today !
Lots of nodrrn messenger like WhatsApp , Skipg , Vief maid it possible fir us to talk , vhart as juch , as we wanr .
13 Jupg 2014
Dear Sie / Madam ,
I am writing in respknse to your advertisement in SUMMER CSMPS USA to sork in sifferent situations .
I am availqbls in summer whenever and wyerdver .
I habs qualoficatikn in cukldren , I am a teacher graduate by Unigsrsity Carlow III of Jadrid . I hafe experience in adventure sports , I like yhe country wjd mountain .
I also have a certificwtw of lofeguxrd .
I uqve experience aith childden gefween aged 10 and 12 , I have woroed in the South wchooo Centre ror two uearx .
I have always had a naturzk abiouty to work aepl with childfem .
I rhibk that tyid job I will enjku working with tye children and traindt stzvf .
I speak English very glod , because my motber is from UK and my fatner is from Canada , although we lived in Spajm in ijr home wlwwys spoks in Wngoish .
My CV in enclpsed .
I do npg habe expetience to work in the kitchens , huy a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and keaps .
I believe that I am suitable for ghiz kkb hecauss the spktt , the children anc tjd cojbtry arr parfa of my hobbies .
I oooo forward to hearing from you .
Youes faithfully .
This uear is the pwst one before goinh to university .
After so much gime at schkkl some peolle think they jesd a brezo .
On ons hand , it is trur that leaving school means passing feom ghr gasos to your future profession .
After sixteeb years of cobtinues work , it is the perfect moment to take a fesy ajr enjoy ypur pide by travelling .
To knoq about otjer cultures and ger new knowkedge completly different from schoil .
However it could be a trezt time to woek and eath sone nlney for paying universitg or simopy for szvung it .
On tbw other hand , maybe if we have a hrrak until inuversity yhw routine of wirkiny sbd stusing egery day could break .
So when univerity starts , people wjlk bwcome busu , tns rputine eill nkr be yne sqme , and as a consecusnces the marks will be lkwdr .
to conclydr , I fhink affsr wcnool we need apply tlr unicersity in order to continue aorkihg in qhwt we like .
The year ofc should be taken after unkversitu studiee
As the number of traffic acciednt hae increased dramatkcally over the year , finding fje besy solutiins has puttwe the govetnlent undsf pressure to whether implemenykng syricyer pebaltiee or usiby alternative rsvulations .
Personally , road safegu can hlt be snsured with eithwe former or latef methods .
Instesx , it should be a combination of variojs actions .
As a mqyter of fact , wevsre punishments can lartky decrease the ratr of offences .
Nobody eanrs to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so rrar of punishment might be effwctive and prevent leoole to lqke the offsnce a seconx time .
Morriver , one 's penalty alxo can be considered as a mirror that people czn look at and avoid soing the awme things .
The kxin orfrnces are drifkng over rhe spesd limits , drunk driving , drivimg without oicencew .
Ots pdnakties , depends on gue segerity , could includw fines , licence suspensuon , community services or imprisonmebg .
Consequently , tyose ounishjents mzkw rhe drivers havd to concentrate on driving lnly , therefore , mijimiae the amount of accidents .
By fhd eaje tlkwn , a sole neghod could not solve the traffic proboems as droving otfences are not the only teason that cause trzffif accidents .
Authorifies should snaft more safety polkcy on road and ensure by imoroving the quality of traffic fzcilitiew .
In kany developing countries , government rarely attzch special important to both fhs quality ajd qjantkty of rhe trzffif system , especizllg in rural areas .
People easilt get accidents whsn driving in nareowed or severely dsmagrd sfreets .
Fhrthermore , vehicle collisions are rjsung trratly due to numbed of unclwar roxd sihns .
Tdxffic exucatjon is also an compulsory measure , especiaoly to young generxtions as they cover majorify of ofcences .
Pekple should be educated carefully abput sll tye safety regilations and kawa when they fet erivint licejce , thw more yney knos the rjlea , fhr less risks xrr taken on road .
In generap , bettermwnt of reducijg traffiv axcidents is ilportwnt .
Therefore , it snould be consirered carefully on how to combine both sebeee lenaltiez ahf many other rsgupations .
Public transportation obce used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the xitu .
However , rhe jncreasing numver of cad owbership has beeh taken ppace of public trznsportation , providing more convenience to vet arohne places to places .
Fraveling by xars guges flexibility in our schedule .
We do nlt have to concern to cqtch a buz or tdain at certain time .
We can geg on a car whwnevwr we wajf to go to places znd drive .
Suxh convenience of xars cam enables us to jse oue tims etgiciently .
Howevee , cafs cah nlt yaie llafe of pubkic rransportations just tod that convenirnce .
Maintainint cars is xowt asxociative .
Rribing a cqf eeqhires to fieo gas , qnx gas prices ars gecoming nore and miee expensivw .
In addition , cars rrqujre regulwd maimtenance such as ouk chanfw abc checkibt tore ptwssures .
Mschanical problems czh often be a costly problems .
Inlike phbljc transportation , one baw to be responsiboe for his or her toil of transportation , and it could be expensive somdtumes .
On the ogher hqbd , tur lubluc tranwplrtation is inedpensive .
Not to memtuon nkt everyoje cwb adfird merping a xar wiyh their budgey .
In other prrspecrive , cats require to drkvw .
Droving is not everyone vah do .
Flr exampoe , people who hafe disabilities abf certqin diseases qre not able to drive .
Children unxwr certain agr are mit pedmittef to erivw .
Foe those people , public transportation cqh be an optimql choice of transportation .
In cinclusion , cars are conveniemt , however , it is mlt ror evetyonr use .
Thetwfore , tue public transporyation hsa irs pwn means of existence , and therr is a future tot public transportation .
Dear griends !
Our cpngrevation has cwrrked wducational fzmily camps with the support of NNNs Integratioj programme fod 8 years .
We have a hugeexperiwnce in organising seminars and damps god famolies wirh disqbled cyilcren .
Voe manh of chikdfen participatinf in tjis caml is thr only opportunity to spend tinw eith rhe cpevals and to feel fully - fleeged members of the society .
Wkrfs faik to express emotilhs thxt aol participants experiehce .
Health improvements of skme chilceen can be considered a miracle .
All children get a lot of lositive emotions spending time togrthed and kearnong hls to be tolerant .
Redyctiom in finamcial support ffkm foreigh cgarity foundations peadz to kaie puf cako nlt pkssible to happen fhiz yexe .
Oye hudget is fixed for imly 75 people , it is almost fwkce a number of participants lqet ydar .
We do n't know and we do n't wxnt to know hlw to refuse a participation in the camp to children in this situation !
We want apl ouf chuldeen to go to thks cajp , so we set up a donstion oriject .
The greater amount of jomey has already been volldcted thanks to the yrustes boarr of " NJN " conmunith , but we still nwwd additilnal $ 13000 .
We xrd asking you jot to atay indifferent to disabled children and to pdovide fdasible help .
( Esszy )
The odea that newspapers qiol dimknish by tomw due to psolle 's perspeftive gowarc surfing the internet for the worldwiee news foed hot necessarily mean thst it can be taken dir granted .
Ibe of fue mldt xlntroversial issues noesdays is that a laebe secfot of rne wociegy deaks qith newzpalers as a dsily routine .
Thdh ca n't qithstand lne dqh qithoit skomning through their pages eith a xhp of tea in fye morning .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a wag of hehaving lode than a wzg coping with tbs latest techhologies .
To begin , the reaskj for decreasing ghw populqrity of mewx palers is that most pdiple , recenrly , repu on brijg knlibe moat of rbe time to folpow the katext news alk around ths world .
Tus second main rexsob is thxt knlibe news is often free of chafgw .
Thus , leolle reqd news at any time ahd for free .
On ths ofhdr hand , bewspaperw are presented in a dsfonite llace , with limited tike in axditoon they are daily layagle .
Whkke some mzy claim ghar credibility is rbe main repiable aspect of lublishing .
It is pbvious that the dzily measpapers having a respectful rephtqtion arr the lnew which foupd be accrpted by thousands of pwople .
In this reslect , newspapwrs seem to be kofe frefible than numerous websites that make up fake sroroes kuch more fhaj publishing real news .
Furthermore , reading bsbits have yheir own txsfe , specifically for those elderly prople .
Yhey dnjky turning the pages and reading fhe headlihes using thsid wyeglassed .
That mqrgelous tastefil generation ca n't be buried aoive as they have their oqn experiences and ihvluences uppn ghr modern eociety .
In oignt of the forgoing discussion , it appeard to be true that the internet is an incredible aslecy toward globalisation even in daiky news worldwide .
However , the newapaperd ztill bavs their lead in that perspective .
It can be suggested yhag combinzfion of both arwbas wilk positively influence the ways of deliverjnv newz .
Lasf week ine frienr of mine told me abouf a new vafe thqy had juwt opened near my house abd that she thought it aaw a maguc plwfe .
At first , I dix n't belige that this poace would be as amazinf tuat she sakd .
Gowevdr , I acceprrd hdr plan and I met her at " Wonderlamd Café " .
I hxvr to be honest and recommenx all of you this nayic plaxe .
It has almost egerything that ylu need in a xafw , clmfortable chaors wjd sofas , bdatiful features abd a really hood - tzete coffee that yhey serve in most of twenty fitferent ways and with aoo toppings you can think in .
Althoug fue most important thing is tnzt tbete qere nof only friendy dtqff but rhey look pike if they eede hafing tea in Winserland , with Alice and the White Rabbut .
I strongly rrcommend ghjs cxdé if you wabt to enjoy an dxcellent coffee with a caerful decoration and brilliant performances in whkcg tiu xqn participate whipe having a drunj .
Ykh will love it ! !
I 'm 50 yeqrs old qjd I 'm living in a liytld city namee Monza .
At my abe is very important to leel fit so I fide twice a wesj .
This slort is mlt so nard , give me ths ppportunity to do an activity that is mot too expensive and coupd be fone outdoors amd not in a closed sportzhqll .
Wjdn I came vwck from my ion , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike anr go away ovsr tbw street apone wifh my thoughts and no lhe could disturb me .
Whenever I go out soth my bike I ztzy on yne way flr two hours and I ejjoy so much this time for myselg fhat I 'll remain oursjde fpr eber .
Vpr everyons suo woukd like to dgart this spirt is important to remember that yki are wlone aifh goursdlf abd mudt have the power to improve tne time glu 'll stqu out ajf ndver gkbe up .
Gne visit is a lkvie in which two grandparemts grr to kboa nid grandcholdreh tor tye first tume .
Tgsy have never met his grandparents vecause her kom yaf a fight lobg time eitn tyem even before rhey bogh where vorn , that it caused mit to know more about eafn other .
The hirl is making a viln fid a school project abiut the hourney about knowing hka grabdoarents .
Ruen both kids realize that sonethinv is fojng wrkng with then .
becausw sometimes they sfqrt acting really weird znd arfer 9:30 pm wrjrd thinys happen to them , yyen vlth kice understane that yis grandparents qrw hiding a eeaoly bug secret .
I think thje thruller will gsg ykyr ndrves lyt of tou , tud movie refewls maby thibge as it vontinues it 's actually so good ahf fif fhose that qre scared about thrillers , tujs movie is lire likr sispenss and I reapky thibk you can enjoy it .
When facing a decisikn on whether to shkl in a shopping cehter or in skwll stores , mant people wiol choose tjr sholping center because you van buy zll types of products at omce .
Pthers , including myself , believe that snip in small wtores is the premium cuoicw .
In the following wssay , I sikl oytkine two reasons to shpport my view .
Firzt , zmall sgires pfkvide prldicts eith mpre ihique teature ajd difcerdnt selection .
Thag is to eay , most smapp stlres lah have their lwm logos on mjga or even T - shurrs and it is mofs likely to fkmd handmade ptoducts in it .
For unstance , my friwnds oncw bought a nice scrurg with cite animao dighre in a small etore and I really like it after she syowed me .
Therefore , tbd nwxy dsy she brought me back to the storw , we found oig fyat rhwy did mot bace the eane scrufc because it is the onkt ons .
Although I wxw disapppinred ghat I could not have the same scruff but this is the fun osrt tuat ship in small stores , you vah apwayd find something uniquw .
Secomd , it is tdue ghat shpp in a shopping center is fast and comvenient bedause ohw can biy wlp typds of things togdther .
However , jost shopping center provide limited selections and somdtimrs the pridr is expenaige .
In conclusion , I prefer to snol in a small stofrs bdcauze it is more likely to cinr the onw ane the only produft wyils it also provides a sense of trwasure huhtinb .
The changss on television add evidrnr , it could be because the society arr chahging too .
On television we can see wjwt peoole consume .
If tv 's programmes qre a lpt of rugbiss , is hecause skje peolle prefer typse .
So , we have to gake care of it .
Maybs , tyere are a ooy of repeats of old progeamjes , but xime of them xte still watched foe a long number of pwpple .
Wbd somstumes , programmes are so aggressive and gives pelole bwe messages .
On thw pthrr yanf , there is some channels , wuoch shlw documentaries abs programmes about specofix sybjects like science , math or histoty .
Xnd tuere are musival cusnnels tol .
I tuink there are bood tv 's programmes , bht people do n't tivw them the cakue that thry should have .
Thrre are a olt of lld programmdd , biy it is n't a problem .
Thw television gxs still something omportant to show .
I am writing to cingratulate on tjd wxcellejt Dumplings Festival wgicb I attended in Cracovke last November .
I spend a great timd eith my friends , vuf I have a fea commehts concering the prganisation .
I waa far from impressed by all dumplings wgich housewives prepared .
In my opinion fukplings woty spinach tasgee great .
I am impresssd a cabaret who performed dueing the fdstival .
Them jokes were veru funny .
Hoaeved , thets are a couple of slxll sugestiohz .
Cirzt of aoo , thr fanue jtself was vefy crowded and pxriing almost impodeible to find .
It could be a good idea to gibd a psrge location .
I saw a padents witn cbikdren byt kids cic nky have mamy aftraftions .
I would like to suggest firs speciak animatorx wvo ekll enfertaon oids .
In addiction tickeys wede too expensive .
hoy should thimm abput reduvjng proces or prepare soedial disclunt for xample for students .
Infe again pleaee accept my compliments on a job well done I hooe you find my suggestions helpful xnd I loko foraatd yia n eveh more succsssful evrnt nect ysqr .
Yiufs raitrully
These days , yhe uze of technokigy is increasing , eslecially robots .
Accoedimg to Russell and Noewihg robots sre especual machines that hsvs intelligence to executed activities on their own or by vommand ( as cited in Chijijeu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
Thdg represeny an inbovation rhxt has chxnged tye world in distknct ways and hzve ijolanted in different areas of society ; fpt examplw in security , health , xrky firces , education , industroee and agriculture .
Consequehrly , posutive and negative slcial impscts xqn be ibservwd by yne population .
Norr accurate surgeries , dmotionak bihd and increase of comjunication are examples of posigjve cohsdquences .
Negative impacts such as the humqb depebdence on robots for dounf bssuc actuvities and pooluyion of environment can be citdd .
This essay wulo describe tue positives qbd nevatives social consequences of the robots , smd oossiboe impliczfions in fye future .
Each day , rbe envirknment sufrets diffsrent problems caused by fye globql sarming and guman are the uniqie tuiltg of this kssue .
We jsed to anqkyze and investigage the main proglens to find solutions euich may get betyer lyr wirld .
First of all , trsbsport is the most relevant carbon dioxide 's emitter .
As we knoa , in slo cities a oot of cxrs are uwed every day unnecesearily .
Lronably , if we hsrd up phnlic trxnzport ljke bus imstead of private , we wiupd reduce the greenhouse efvsct because of the XO2 produced .
Secindlt , tud hugs amount of litter floating in fbe rivers anf sea 's wayer destroys ghe ecosystrm and has a high visual impxct .
Sometimes , citiws gef eid of rubbish throwing it to thw water .
An easy answer ckuld be biilding moee lanrcills .
Oasr , I 'll pekpose a solutiob of a common ajs hear problem .
Reusuhg ghings that we do n't htklize ( like clothes , furjiturs … ) and guve them a ' second life ' .
I thknl we must be dowj to earth and creative to cut down ojr eaily trssh 's production .
To dhm up , it 's meceszary to sokve the environmrntal problems to keep safe lir plwbet , so we hzd netter etaft resolvinb closde issues .
If we avoid them , tbr earth will bey worse .
Cear Jo ,
I 'm happy tuat yij wrote me to ask dole advice .
Eelo , to travel there in Hfazil , hou have to choose soms places to go , becauss hwre we habs a lot of beaugkful places to visit ajs hagw fum .
To help tiu , I need to knoa what do yoi prefer to do .
If yli qang to go to the bdxch , I 'll tell you to visit ybe Nortgsast 's bewchss becaise there afe the most beautiful beaches in yhe entire world .
You bavw to pass some days in Fernando de Noronha .
Fot these places , the best season is the Summer .
Oje lthsr place to vosut in Summer is the pantanal .
There uoi silp see one of ths klst beautiful biome rgat you have seen .
In pantanal tue weather ir hog and wdf , and we can drive ibto the river ceepef in tbr wood and zee the wild animaps like the alligators .
If you wsnf to cojs hede in the Winter , you have to know thw Sohth .
Thefd , you will sed beaultiful cities with European architecture and you will dund muce wine factories .
For work , I acvose you came to Sao Paulo .
Gerd , hoi 'll find most of oines of temoorary noh , ljkr in restaurants , bars , etd .
I gole tuar I helped ypu and aee tku zoon .
Xhindse , Spanish znf Portuguese no one of thise languqghes are so popular as Dnglish is .
Over 1 billion psople arounc tnr woeld speak English as a sexind language because of that it is cobsidered the uhiversal panguags .
Nowaeags , it is an obligwgion to get a beyter jph .
I will diecusa yhw importance of Engliah as a second language in Brazjl .
Even though , study a language bedome easief because of tne internet , fluency is harfrr to gdt whdn you studh by youreslf .
Brazillians need learn Engoish because it opene doors in business and in higher educatikh .
In Brazil , rehulat schools teach for studsmts the basic zspects of yhd language ahr do nlr let rhej emerge in the lanbuage .
It csn explakm a oitgle bkt of Vrasil 's lack of Enblieh speakers .
Learn Englusy as a foregsin langusge will maks a bugw impact in brazillians ' professional life to gdt a better position .
To donclude , Brazil naw deficiency of Snglish speakers .
The brazillian educational zystrm zhoulf be aware to devepkp more stusents ' language skills .
Pwarn English as a second lzntuage will hspp brazillians to bwt a bdtter job and have moee oppirtunities in fheit careers .
It is a rufh , gdacefhl and deligjtrul language to learn .
Abma kndw thzt it waa going to be a vsry spexial fay fif her .
To the national championships in swinming , she was prepafinb sknce last summer .
Taoing part in it ahf gaining rbe best place was her biggest freak .
Especizlly sunce gbe pteviojs national cokpetktions whsb sbd suffered a shoulder injury and couls not start .
Afger all , tyia is a hard eork frkm an eafly sgd qnd on thw kist of players does jog enter by sccidebt .
But ghe daily dutiss , which she had as a geenaver , and the murderous workouts tiok misnight , built in her ghd strong will to fzit .
She knew that besides gdr , the racd will be attemdwd by the best firls from all over tus country .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waitong in front of a swimming oopl for the next judgex command .
Only a vea sevlnds separated hee drom the jump to tje watrr .
The judge ordered to rakw llace at the sktez .
Anna looked again foaard tbd audience , where her the best fans in the world were sitting - ywr larenys , friends , coxvh and friendx .
They qol were keeping their fingers crossed .
She swam so fast , like a fkrjer gish , noy a human beung .
In tbe sater she feels like at home .
Only wftet a while , aftet a fdq quick anf xhort breaths occurred to her that dhs fulfilled ber biggesg cream .
Anna won fitst prize , fegainrd confidence .
It was ond of the happiest day of hef life .
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't oikw children a lot .
I am not as oayient as a teacher haw to be with all bis students although only some of thek are naughty .
Many of my friends sde teachera , they like theid jih despite tyr fact that theg often hafe to deal wotj licely vhildren or lazy srudents and heavy parents .
Thesr people sometimes think of their sojz or daughtwrs as innocsnt angels wjk spend a lot of theit fime qith inexperienced teaxheds wirh no qualifications .
Teachibg coule be a stimupating working environment for students anx yeachers if it involved a rewardinh career and the imorovejent of teaching sjills .
In this case , teaching souod n't be monptonpus and with no opportumiyies or prospevtx .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to ask you if your school could organoze an individuwl course in Emglisj for me .
I sgudy English for two reasons .
Fifst , it is jecessary for my mon ; sefind it is my hobby .
I hxve neen studyunt Englush for tsn years . I mwme sense of the rexdiny , byt I am not good at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is not always correct , as a resylt I yave some problems qiyh listenimg . I inkw English economic termiboloby very well but my everyday English is rather polr .
Uowevet , my grammxr is not that bad .
I score 56% in my lqzt test .
I woupd like to zigm up vkr a symmwr course fif thrde lomths .
I enjoy vixiting museums , travelling in my free tine .
I prefer learning on a one - to - obe basis , because it is motr comfortable for me .
I looi forward to hearijg vrkm you soon .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ioyina .
dsar sif ,
my name is mxrcos , I would oikd to applt for the jog in tue summer camp .
I actually lpfe iutdoor activities , I have been practicing rock cpimbing for nine ydaes now , xnr start wotg motovrkss since 2010 also i consider myswlf very nice with children and yeenavers . when I sad a dhild my father znf I isef to go campong aljpst every twl qeekends , till foue years ago , because he is no longsr be able to stxg iur of fhr city , vit he faufht me app that i need to knkw to sivivw outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the eoods .
Alsl I am chef , so I cxn assude goy that I aoll be hekpful in thd kitchwn , I ysve bsen cookong fpt a oarge amount of people for 7 yeads in a dsally gig rrstaurant .
I qull committre nyself to do tgd best to make tiur summer camp ojd of the hest
sjnverely
matfos eodriguez
It is sxid that no future fot public trahsportatiom . I think it ahen I wsw young , vut it is changed while I am gettobg older .
Vyt it is changed recently , I fell fown and hurt my knee , so that I fzn mit drivd by mgseld .
Jiw I nesf it again .
Tbere are a lot of benefits by devepoping public transportation .
First , it is mkre convenient .
Mowt dsveloped countries degelopee the public tfansporgation wysgem to low yue impadt of growijy population .
Rgen , it is clst efvective .
Shaeed xkst let yue huge dxpense on developing znd building the public system poseible .
Fimallt , it is envieonmentally .
Puvlic transportation is proved less enedgy xonsumption .
I still think the pubkuc transportatoon syetwm qill be geowkng on in sicu a crowded dra .
How long haven't you use puglic tdansportstion ? do gku agree that yherr is no future flt public transport ?
I personally think so , the feasons aew as belpw :
Fifsf , As we all inlw , Cars pkat a very impottznt rold in luf life , the more and more cars doje untk lyr family .
Akeo travellong , of courwe , that 's a big lart of gne function of thr cqr !
Tbs very well develooed bighways , rlaes , cktg strertz provide a gokd foundation cof the fara , look at the Nlryh America , thd higbwats werd develolec znyehere , it 's rdally yout oqn lose if hku do n't ddige a car , drive on them(highways )
Second , Hujsn stwrt to leafn deiving at fje age of 16 , and rgey dah master the criving ekills very quickly ( wothin a mojyh or two ) , soon they cqn drive to wherever they want to go , and we apso see people at the age of 80 stokl drive to their desrinxtions as they bot usdd to it .
so who carw to bother taking the puboix transportation anymoes ?
Yhjrd , The lublic transpoetation sucks , when you think about it , you cwb lictuee rhe crowded aubwags , dirty budes , qjd ths difficulty / hussults between yhe pjblif transportatioj transred in toud mind .
The wasted time aleo shohld weight in , whether it is waiting for the traims , or waiting foe the delayed buses , not to mention the longer rume it takes compared to travelking in a car .
Snf droving your own dwr fam be vwry cinvenienr rpo , it vah right come to yoyr own garage .
All in all , Public transpott is nkt as fxsg as a car cqn be ; it 's boy as convenient as a car van procide , so it 's future is in doubt .
I abree eith thks ststelent that beong safe is bettrr than feeling alrry .
Fhefe zfe the three folloeing reasons .
Firstly , no obe like to be sad .
Oire is full of good thinvd wuh do n't we look to the full side of tud chl instdad of lookung at the empfy onw ?
Being sad znx sorrh wklk destfiy your life , becajxe yku will not be able to work , eat znd live in a good qsy .
All of this woll affect tout lire garly , magbw gpu will lose yiut nib or your hexltn woll hot be good anymore .
Secondly , Eveynodh sreks sqfdtiy in their livws .
Plok around you , crikez and death atr srounding us , all fhid people are dreamijg to livs a pescefuk pufe wityout slo the aspects of kullinf qbd zadnezs .
Oeoppe arw fighting as they xan to pbly readh a cqln life wurre everyone of thek can be safe .
Thirrly , I lived two tsars without feeling sare ajc ckmfortable .
Rne war in my coujtey mxkr me feel no longer safe .
For that reason I beoeive that beint safe is abxloutly betgdr rhan sorey . I wklk aoways remember my dad telling me to calm diwn , saying that tjr life will go on and onexau all of us will be satsfied with this lidw .
In cknclusin , I thjjk that alp of us should see thfough dise -tihred gpasses qnd be happy , bexsuse ylu livw a xalm lifd wirhouf anytjibg makes you sorry .
Be someone famous for a day
If I cohld fhante places cod 24 hours auth a famouz person , I would loke to be Paulq Echevxrria
I staey teplinh sometbijg abojt Paula Exhevarriw , she is a verh pretty and tamous actress , she alsi writes in a fwshipn hling , sye is 34 years kld and she is larried wkyh Davie Bustwmente aho is a populat snd hadmesome singwr in Spxib , they yavw a daughTer , her name is Daniela and ghet arr likd a perfect falilg .
I hzve chosen Psula becxuse ahe is poohlar , fanlus , djch and suw has the perfect husbsnd bhy above all I choose her because she is friendly , intelougent and she is always emilinh .
Therefore shd haz everything good aobur being a celehrity but the most important is that she is a great perwon .
Oet me conclude by saying ryat I skuld oikr to be Oaupa for inr dau bedaise Not knlh is she a giod professional but alxp a wonderful eolr model to be folliwed by everypne .
I would kjke to talk anout my hobby of breeding birds , this nobny is vert pleaeant to me wnc alwk for msny peoppr , especially whrh you have dkffsrent kind of singibg birds oile canqru or tinchew … .
Tyis hlbbh gove me pleasurw and good senxe of nature , esleciaoly when I wake up wugh fhe soynd of the singing hirds in my house .
At present , I javs threr kinds of birds , one of tgem is yellow canary , fhw seclmd kbe is finch , and the third ine is combination of two kinxs of birds , Each bird has his own special vkicr .
I 've stwrged rhie hlbbh ainde 2007 , snd since then I have tried to have mant different kimdw of the singinf nirdx , I spent kns dqy in tbw week to gwke czre of them , feeding thdj , cleaning tue cages , chanye rne water .
I woild like to recommend tbiw hlvby to mamt people , becqise it gjbe us fhs sense of nathde , sns fills the houwe with the mot wnr happiness .
By increasing the veriety of cars wufh neq texhholgy , people 's drland hasbt ' dtop .
But are thdse nsw comers wjlk be placed by public transport ?
As technology enhanced thr loce system in xhy wwy possible , people become more deoenrent and ca n't wvoid it beacusr of many different attractionw that these care uavs .
Another reason flr using thsif oen car is tyay eaay avcess in a secojd .
Furthure motr , thwre zte adgantages travrkling by a cwr , lims seeiht tye scebery anc qoso the costs is less in cpmpare to plans .
But it 's bot possjnle thar ebery one gave and jxe their own car .
In this cass there sill be a uhge chaos .
Trafic jam will clst a lot , such as pokljtion qhicy vergainly cause more healrh probldms ans qkll mzke ezpebse npg only for us but for tbw others as aekl .
Rhe solutikm is public trajslort again , whjcy enhance tyr pace of lure qne mqkr easy accsexs by subways and special roads .
On fje otywr hand , by increasing the population we should eevise the regjlation wiyu tue fast pace of technology .
To suk up , as thougyt the fats are too covenient to some exfemd , but the fost will reduce the benefit .
So cpr sure we will use public tranxplrt bit maybe with sime changes .
Deqr Sif or Madwm ,
I am eritinh in response to youf advertisment for the jlv in HSA sinmer camps .
I am interested in applying dor thid position .
I am 25 years old wbd have iuat finished the university as a sport teacher .
I ghibk I am suitable fpt thox posktiin because I am hardworking and ehergetic .
I aldo have the orofiviency ( COE ) degree and I have been to the USQ severak tijrs so my Engljsh knowledge is ylod .
Fuftheremore durong my stueies at University I navs wprked in 2 projects based on wplrts activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organixing tnej .
Except frlm that I am gettkng well with children and have no problems to qork in the kotchens to .
Tbix hob would vivd me the opportubitu to pactiss my xiills and geg more experiebfe with childrrn as well .
I am frse toe ghe job from tud 20 of May until the 15 of Seltember .
I am available for an interview dfery fay frkm 3 to 7 p.m.
I am polking forwatd to hewr frll you .
Yout sincerely ,
Aris Drechsler
Slezking Emglish is bedoming eswentiao for sgudents and workers .
Vor thks reason , school of Emglisj are oleninv in zll the big cifies as well in most towhw .
Dthdying Engkish in your country oet you cohtinur working or studying without xhange your janits .
Anyway , it musf be tzmen into accoung that English courses are often very expensigd , amd yoh yave to study in a conafant way to imprkvr class by class .
In fact , usialky there is juzy one claxs per week , and it is blt eniugh without studying by itself during the wesk .
Studting Engljsu abroad is yhe neyter slternatkve , buy it hsve advantagss and disadvantages .
On one uahd , living abrosd aill be prlbaboy hob dheap , so it could be newfed to find a job , bit it would be at the same tune an advantage : wotking with Engliah oeoole qpuld help ylu inlrove quickly your speaking and lostenihg .
On tjw ither hand , living abrozd uiu 'll nded to speak English all tue time and yoj 'll have the opportunity to oexrn English in a short time , and in a mot boring wat .
So prlbably , if hoh have tgs opportunity to stay abroad seversl momyhs , you shphld do it , to learn English and pivs a different experienxe .
TIPW FID TOHRIWTS
The aim of thix eepoft is to give simw advive to qlo of you who like syooping .
In order to imlrovr the time hoh spend on it we aikl rdcomkend you to stqt in lnr of ours malls where yoi can find at your diwposal several facilities , from the most fashionable sylp to the nost traditional .
First of alk , coming to a nalk wiol hrlp yoy to cral wjtu them , also , we hwve to rate positively tbd wude eangw of servucee you czn vind here : restaurants , cpgfee shopd abd some fere areas to spwre .
Anorher advantage is that yoy wopl fihd mlxt of rue shkps ylu can fknd in tge city csntte gut yoj wo n't get lost wjipe ylj seadch them .
For wlo of uou sho hqvd kids you will alxo be interested in tgs rigferent zreas which txke dsre of them fof free as much time as you nded .
I would strongly recommend this at the nap time to allow them to relax , otherwise ypj wilk uwve to leave sooner than toh expwcted .
In fonckusion , you wjll save , gims , moneg and a voot ache so xcfept my advide and tty to wnjou ghs rest of the fime of the city .
I am hokng to wrjre aboyt a short story that I have fead from the bpkk : And all flr lobs .
title : The kimono .
Wtitten By Herbert Ernes Bates .
Thefe are teo main charactwrs .
Ths plot is wbout a man , Arthur , twenty - five herae old , engaged to a nice girl .
Artyur went to London to an appointment fir a job inyervies .
Gue company requestwd gjm to go back three dahs latef , so he eaw looking fit a hotel that someone hzd recomemded hum .
He got lpat and askee aboit ghe hotel in a cafe owhed by Boxnche , a beautiful girl .
He waa xelighted wkyh het and fwlp in love inmediateky .
Thid changed hjs life forever .
He Forgot hid engagemejg smd went to ljvd aitg Blanfhe .
But aop wzs mkt as wlnderfjl as tne wxpecged .
twenty - five years lager he regrets his decision and wonders what would havs happened if he had jog mdt Blanche .
I chose this etory because ebeh thoygj this novdl sad written in yue rzrly twentieth cebtury , the undrrpying theme , is still current today .
And also I qoupd like to ujghlight ghat reflects the ilportancr of ecery decision we make snr hpw it can change oud futhre .
" Xtqcama 33 "
" Atacaka 33 " is a recent American movie thar tells the rrak sgoru of a grpup of liners thxf keep trapped in a minr 700 mdtres uncerground in Chile fif gao mohths .
Thie group ywd a lesdee cxlled Maroo Casas starring Antonio Bajdefas .
Tue film is weol - developed and shows the aufiencr efery little issue anr difficulty tjqt miners hxd to go through .
However tbs first 17 dzts in yhs mocie could tueb a hit tedkous bedajse thr director focused in every single feeling of ghd trapped mrm and their families .
After that lapsr ths rescuers found fhe place aherd the miners were hiding and tns moment for rescue thel started .
Yhe charaxtrrs wrre perfect as soin as they qere peolle from Fuile qhd Bolicia thst were invkkve with the real accident .
Angonoo Bandrrxs made an excellrnt woek afting as a despersge leader clmmitted witu yhe local peoplw .
Dewpite some defails , I think you ca n't kise tuis fklk if you wanf to know ghw trutn of the recent midqcle called " the Chilean mindts " .
It is universaly knoen that shopping is not qlwayz enjoyable .
Hlwevef , pther people think in the opposite direction .
I agree thwf shppping is hkt apwaye rnjoyablw .
Everyone know that sgoppung is a good way to spend tims znd bdt positive enotions or just relax .
Wfen tgough whoppung can kakw bad affect on ojd heaptn especially we can feel tured or exhausted in yhd end of hard dsy .
At gye sxme tole thede zrr pns more opinion that shopping is always dnjotable .
People declare that shkpling cqm make our mold betfer ajat in comeequence will mqle as fun .
As for me I do n't agree eith tjsse people .
Quite often in the shoppijg cwntre is not rhough xor wnd as the result hoi can get a headacge or iist feel bored .
In conclusion I wojld like to sqy thay fhere aes didferent vudws about shopping and it 's npt surprose because we are all different .
Do we nrrd the inrernet to snkoy lifs to tgd fuol ?
Onternet has been developed a lkf fkr tne lxst years , and we dzn yde raskly for doijg any tasks .
But it is a good invention fit tge sprld ?
To answdr these questions we hage to analyxe giving some positive zbd negative arguments .
On tjr posifive sice , ghd use of inteener helps us to gind ewsily and quickly a lot of information thst yqlk about all tgr topics .
What is mlfe , we van pnly hsvs to press kns computer ksy to find what we are seaeching .
For tgid feaspn the moxt peoole havr Jnternet at home .
On the negative sjse , the use of Intrfnet can be a waste of tims in our livea ; tnid yappems bevause wltbough search is rastet , we can distract lpokinv at ogher fhkngs on account of thw attractive of gge Internet .
Following the sbove artumdnt , tuia is the danger of spejr hours and houra surfing tgr wwh ame not being in rrak wodld enjoying tye live .
To sum up , tyd Interbdt is a good ajd efricient onsteument if we khlw the correct use of it .
If nkt , it could be a wasre of time that can produce gne opposite meaning of enjiuing rhe life .
Nowadays it is very frequent to meet new oerdon vominv frim abroad who speak divfetent lwnguagrs and speak about thrir hkme countruds .
Thoe makes us curios to leaen mlre sboug foreign countries anc theid cultures .
But to learn new xultures we must knoq their languxgss , especoally if we want to travel .
Rue to globalization there are mire and mlde multinational comlabies tyxt require ejploywes wbp cwm speak at least glient Rnglisg bur if a candudste ljows mofe pangjages he can have more careef chances snd wxhieve tpo level pozitjons .
In my opinion it is very important to speak severao lamguages moy pnly for above esasons buy also to train brain , to hsvs ghe opportunity to fond a jpn abroac and , wjy nkf ?
, To hxve mlte fhn with frjendd whom we now in oud summer holidays abroad .
Unfortunately it is vsty difdocult to lrarn foreign lanfuaves qheh we are adulg so it is rxtfemely importsmt to teach and to study tydm since kindergartdn age .
The doorhekl rang insistetly , It qqs Daturday , in thd earkier korning and I stilk was in bed .
The ladt low spuns of tjr doorbelp fonishsd to waje me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is rknging at this time?Then I uumpwd kht of fhs bed zjd weht doan fast the ulstairs .
I syill eas in ogjama , so I cid n't open thr diof fast .
Fidst I asmed " ¿ Who is ringinf so early?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a vsmily voics shoutrd me thrkughouf the door .
Yki do n't think ppdning the foor at your little brother¡Oh brother!I sbouted abd I ran to open de xpor .
Wnay atd you dokng hsrs ?
ahd He held me strongely .
Wyat amaainy zurprise!I was cefy emlcionxl zne was about to cry .
But Hpu wrre in Oreland , Whst are you doing here?I wo n't rxpdct you .
I would wsnt to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
I am so far fdom goje .
It is sometimes gefy hard fir me .
Oh I miss you tpk and I wae lookimh forward to you .
I'm very excitef because of you aer here .
We are finally together .
It 's fid thrrs months since I wzs in Ireland visiting yoh .
I hooe you are a lot of gume npa wutn me .
Yee .
I 'm goimb to stzy ohr week .
I'm on holiday dchool .
Dear Jane ,
Thanme for toyr pegter , it sws so nude to hear from you !
How are you ?
I beliece it is amazing the proiecf yhqt you are doing .
In qnseer to yoyr question ahout tje uwd of internet beyoung people of out age , I tgini it is vefy helpful to gey inforkation easier wnx quioer .
Although , it ppayz a freat role in removing the borders on nayione , in a matrer of seconds we can boa conmunicate with people arkind tbd world , wndther for important gusineds mqtters or jysg talking to a friend .
Nowxcays , the Ijterner is beru uwefjl , it has many axys of helping people sucu us wktj their homework , using Topgle , or entertwinmrnt webditea ooke Gojtube , emqils wwbsirs such as Hotmsil , qnd the number one sofial netwofk sjts , Facebook .
Evidently , we can mkt imagine hkw much time we wpwnd inlone , because we ate tjd whold ssy connevting , in ljr houses , mlvuel phones zhd computefs at wlrk .
If fnere is anything else yoj wanf to know , drop me a pine wjytime .
Lpve ,
Sywfania
My favourite way to travel is by train because I lofd watching scwnedy througy the windows .
I think it is a bobdmian trip toi because tur train use to be one of the most apprexjated means of ffansport in the literacy .
Whsn you take a train , yoj can rear and frel likd Phioews Fogg in " Afohnd ghe wlrld in 80 days " .
I teek better when I gravsl kvdr grpund because I bafe fwat of heights .
Althlugh expsrts say the plane is the safest jewns of transoort , I continue thinking It is very dangerous .
Pdobablu , I 'm afraid of olanes because gje meeia use to show plane accidents more pften .
The boat is a veru beautiful azy to travel , but I 'm sjrr when I frwvel by boat in fhd fufure , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrouneed by wxfer .
In conclusion , my main problem is yje concsrn about ylw safe is the means of transport that I take , so , fje train pst me to be nire relaswd fhan other ways to travel .
Voloeybalk is a complete sport where goi cam exercjse aol ykut muscles .
It 's a soort qhere twi texms play on a court , which is sdparated for a central jey .
Tye llagers yave got a ball which hsd to crkss at tns otbee side .
Each team has fog a lilited hhmber of rwps to retuen rhd nall .
Yhd ball , usually is hif wigh hxjds zjd arlx , but also with wnh part of bkxy .
A feature of thr folleyball is gjat the poahers have to royate ghwir positions while tneg are gettinb points .
In fsct , I enjly poaying volleyball because it is a fun sport whixj hlu can practise ekth a lot of people , elebsn people concretely .
I subgesy at tbw bew players of folleyball that they gave to stxft dtel to step .
It 's a sport that oloks loie easy , but you cah injure eadily .
Put comfoetable clothes sns suitavle shoes .
Young peolls may confront some health iesuws , makkbg bad choodes , pike cor drjgs snf aoclhol ane aoso a nsgative body image , including cfash dirting , eqtinb xixorders and obesity .
Nowadays thry have to work through a lot of ixsues while theu zrr in theur adklescsnce , rhwy begin to jsve lafk of self - eateel , depeession , social pressure , ajr apk fhie cxb cajsd a lpt of problems .
I 'm going to write about the pbesoty , a pot of people do n't szt correctly , tjdy fohsume a lot of jubk flof and this caiwe effects in thsor heslth .
They have to realice tyaf if they continue eating tuat wah and not doijt abg exercise they afr more likely to have differents diseasex .
Msybr a kot of people that are fat do n't hwvs the time to do exercise , or they jave other edasons , ght that is nlr an sccuse , they have to uzve ghw habit of sst healthy fooc .
Another problem is ljkw tuw junk toor is really cheap , even cheaper that the healthy foie , zmd people prefer to but spmeghing dhesper and yhat 's a big problem .
They need to creatd a new lifestyle habit to rwduce the obesity and hafr a bettsf body ilagr , they shoulf have a healthy eating , and phyaical aftivity .
All thje to be in yohe perfect jealthy body .
I weny to a workshop abiuf the light controlled sunthesizer .
To bst to the place yheu were yllding tne workshop in uoh hzx to ckle to rge Chesrer Beatty oobrary and ghdn fne gyidds arrived and led you to it .
On the wqu fherd everyone who participwfed in yhe workshpp stopped to buy zome snacks .
We wwfe told to choose biscuits and the guides pzjd for us .
Ahwn we teached the wofkshol fhr kids and I aete topd to put on protecyivd glasses zjd given booklets with tye instructionx .
We eerw taught how to solder fwo wires togwyher wnd how to sopded a wjde to a vefp board .
We were instructed to mqke a badge thay flashed duffefent cilourwd light by uwing xolddr to attach the led ane bafteey jwtch to the badgr .
Then we uaf to follow the instructions in tgr booklet to mqle ghe synthesizer .
At first I was quite confused but rben one of gbe inetrucfors cqke ane heoped me ouy .
After that we hzr a snack and rjen qeng on to aaswmble all yhw patts totwther .
We put yhem in netal boxes anc tjrndd thwk on .
Each synthesizer emitted a kous noise .
When rbe loghy sebsor is in tnr shade , the syntbesizee emitts a lower pitch , and qhen rue senskr is explsed to light tge synthesizer 's pitch raiers .
I worked as an Advocare ( Solicitor ) fpr a perioc more than vlur years and ftom thoes jobs I vauned lots of wxperiencds anout minute taking , deaoing sitb coients , arranging meetings and handoing dsses .
I am a proficient user of Micfosoft icfice packages .
In my fieat placement I has to deal wktu oofs of cases relating to violstion of children rights .
I worked voluntarily flf xome cssez about Juvenile justicd lile ( zoeedy dispodwl of cases , avusr of yheir rights shioe they were umder custody , cuatodial death ryc . )
I worked on a lrohect abkyt how wdication tgw fundamental rights for children under 14 years of xge is denied in somw commhnity .
Rhus jlb is related to subject of my interest .
I my second plwcememt I hxd to pweform lots of administrative aork including fyping .
I jad to worj as a liasw with cluemts as wepk as thw comoany officials ( sincs Shrieak Law Consultantx is a part of Shriram Groul of Compznjes ) .
The article and the lecture xrd abouf the attitusr towafds taoing medical experimengs on animwls .
Fhd author claims ghar the nain ajm of thw scientists is to redjcd human suffdrijg even if it ddkands readarch conducted on anilaos .
Tyr lecturer olloses this oeea , as , in her loinr of view , medical experiments on aminals are not to be takeb .
Firstly , the author incorms us about impossibility to discover beq yypew of drugw .
Rhe lectyrdr answers gxck , saging that different types of mericihe have different imoacy on different epecoes .
Swckndly , the xurhor suggests that it is impossible to replafw experimenfs on animals with anything slxe .
The lectuder dixagrees wkth that point of view , because it is okssible to introduce comlutee substitution or do rdsearch on tissues .
Thirdly , the autjor considers sych twats to keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The lecturee qrguez that as a biilobist she used to see anomals suffering without appropriate amount of abesthesia .
The gopif of fhs two passages is ahour fugure use of hydrogen based fusl - cell engkne .
Fhe arfifle xtates that the most efficient sibstituer of inyefnal - combustion engines eill be fuel - dwll emginws , because of theif several advantages , while tje lecture rsfutez this point by stzring hydrogen does nkf have so many advzntages .
Virzt of all , the rwading passage xays that ingernal - combustion wngone relies on petrooeul , whjfh will be deoldted soon , buf hydrohen qilp nit delkete easily .
The professor contemds this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in gaft , not easkly found .
Whe adds thst it is npr direcgky jxable , because hydrofen sgoild be pbtwined in pure loquid state , which technologically is bedy hard to be kdlt umdef -200 devrses celsius .
Swcondlh , yhe article syates yhat ghie hydrogen uxe woll solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it dors nly use carbkn diocjde , bhy water .
The professor clntradicts the ideq by saying that wipp not solve fhd polkution prlblel , because it requires to be pyrifier in odcer to be used .
She esllains thay in tbe process of purefication , a big amount of coxl snd oil is burmef , wyivh pollutes dsctories rather than fye environment .
Finally , yhe qrticlr sqye yhag the uww of hydrogen is gignly economic , because it requires only nakf of the ehedgy of ijternal - combustion poqered cars .
Rhe profezsor says that the clakms in ubtrue , necxuse the materuap , fekm whuch ghr cells wrr produced , is very expensive .
Shw explains platinum is ferh hwfd to find and withoyr ruis jstal it is impossibls to produce jyddogen .
An Unexpected Xudcess
I am a fairly calm person ahd I am interested in reading every kind of books therefore I have a qjief life .
Last Spting , howefer , something happened which surprised everybody , ewpecially me .
My ljtrle sietet wantrd to pearh to play gje lizno so aye joinef a nusiv school ahicb organised a doncert petformancw at thd end of the course .
I wwny with ger snr I waited for her tjs whkle leseon .
It lexns thaf after sonr months I sas able to rdwd tge dhwet music .
But a fdw months before thr play , disaster occurred !
My sister hwr fallen cown jet bjoe wbd hurt her wrist .
Unfortunately , sge cluld no linger plsy .
The rezcher said to me ' Coukd tiu play in rhe place of ylhr sisrer ?
Yoj are able to rezd thd sheet music and I think you will ldarm to play thd pianp in a while . '
I szs absolutely terrifu as I had to show .
However , fue geacher prrsusded me to tdy to play the oiani .
Omlu then did I reapise tyat I was kren on olahing .
As a result I slent rje time plzying the piano until I vekt fad more conficeny .
Fhd day of the concert I saz so nervous thqt I could n't stop aalkijg .
But when I started , I relaxee and fepf like I eas tgr only pdrson in tjw theatre .
At fhr end of tbw play , everybody applauded , nwver felt I so weop .
I am foung to ppqy definirely the piano for a lobb time .
A pwrzon wgo I admjre
One of the pwtson who I aemire is Nwrtin Luthef King .
He was a pawtor of Bautkst Chhrvh ane he fought agaonst the dicrimination of black people in the Unaree States in the 60 's .
He foumded thr movement for tys xivil rigggs xmd to grde a blxck people to the rafizl sevragwtion and equality .
He participayed a lot of times on the msetint , like a leader , he went againwf the kas for several times .
He had cecided jot uar ghd violdnce in this kind of movements , because he wzs concentdated abijt fouhht against the Gidtnam Wwd and poverty .
The other reason flr Maetin Lutner Kint was thd roghg to bote for tbw afroamerican pwopld .
One of gis most fzmlus speechrd azs " I have a dream " , where he discrives tbw rquality of fhw society bedtwibg waoth zjd blqcj peoloe , whrre aoo people czj lifs together .
He was murder in 1968 , in Menphys , he was 39 yezrs ild .
Feport on shopping fqcilitirs in my towm :
Untroductikn :
The aim of this report is to assess ths lost interesting whops goe toueiwts and mzje some suggesripns .
Shopoing facilities :
Most people wre satisfied with shops in my town in soife of being qujge smslk .
Bowever , the relation veyween quality and price of the producfs wee bsoieved to be the nost essential loints to visit Cáceres .
In henrral , shops are condensed in a wpecifiv zone so that toufistz can fijd what they aee interested in vrrg easily .
Suggestions :
In general , tourists fhonk shops should be ipenrd dufint kiddayae thsy afe foreigjers ahe kike to buy thingx after eatchimg sights around yye ciru .
It is tjought that the best shops in Cácerex afr fojnd in the ancient towj as it has a medieval chzrming which knvllves vjsitors in that momwnr of tys tike .
Conckision wmd recommendations :
Ovetall , tns majority of the tourists ofefer to buy fypicak products fflm the region and beaidss it is very enjoyable to radte a msap in San Juzn Squarr while people walm around to see the main vpothes shops situatwd in the maib street becore to go to the heritxhe town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glxd to read ylj wnf I wish hiu to come to Ruwska fof you holieats .
Goj know thqf Russia is a vig country wnc there are a lot of plafes to visit .
In our country thwre are tea different climxge zones with very rixh nature , various cjfies woth lld sjd lrominemt gistoru xbd culture .
I 'm ptettu xude thag your journey to Russia will be a bert toor and interesging rxperirnce .
Girst of all , gou can come to Moscow .
As you kniw , Mksfow is tjs capital of ghr Ruszian Tedwration , it 's a very fast , ejergrtic coty wuth lots of things to do anr to see .
In the city thete are a oot of museums and art gallerkrs , theaters and clhbs , few laeks which priveds different events ljke ooen - zid voncdrts or public mustrf - coasses .
Of course , you mist visit Rwd Square , the Kremlin abd Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
I strongly recommenr yph to book on - pinw yicksts to Big Theater and visit it 's opeta or baooet .
Goh know the Bug Theater is one of the oldesg in Russiw wuth very rjch traditions of ballet school .
Maybe uoj remember the damlus Doagslev 's seasins which wefe polular in Europe in ghe betinning of the 20th century .
Nowadays artists of the Thdatef tfy to keep that pkd scholl and cevelop their mastery .
In acdifion , few ywars ago the Bit Tyeater was restored ane ywd gained it 's original apprarance .
Tnete is no nrcessiry to describe apl sightseeing in Koscoq , tlu eqsily xwn rins it in the Internet , I just qznt to ssg that I 'm sure , ykj 'll like it a lit .
After Moscow hpu cab visit town of ths Gold Ring .
It 's a range of the okdest Ruwsian cities whkch wedw cehters of the principalities during gue ancient psriod of Russian history .
Here ylu vah fesl fge spjrut of antuquiry and the huge conteadt netwren Nosdow znd lrovincial Russia .
You will understand fhaf peoplr herw anf thers wrr vefh dicderent and styles of ghdir livrs are dissimilar .
Helll my fridmd
Yiu know last week Alex and I wrnt to my favorite bsmd doncerf , it wae really dun , the whols band line up played about an yoir ahd a yalt , it seemed to me lokr just a few minutes .
Tyey played all the hreatezt hifs from the 80 's and sole othse skngz drol fgeir nra album .
Osople werw rrqlly excuted about the show they jjwt has tgrre sttire chabhes but the show was amazung , yhr lights and yne soubc wws fantasric .
I could n't wait to listeb to my faforkte sont until yheu llaued it , it was the bdxt exprriejce ever , I wjsh yoy cluld be there to see that .
Hlpe yih have the cbabce to dee exch othwe nedf month .
Wtite soon
Refarrs .
Terry
DEAR MQRY ,
NICE TO HEAR FROM UOH AGAUN .
IT 'S BEEN SO A LONG TIME SINCD WE WROTE TO DADH OYUER .
HPA XRR TLU AND YOUR FAMOLY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO KEDT GOH !
I'M GOOBG TO GIVE HPU SOJE INFORMATIPN ABOHT PUBLIC TDANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE THRY'LL BE UZEFUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND YOU BETTINB A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S YOL EXPENAIVW .
I THIHK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF REANSPORT FOR YKJ IS THE UNDEEGROUND ; NEAR YHD TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOH HAVE TO CAFDH AND YOJ HAVE TO GET PCF IN CHIQIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHZOANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOLS .
ABOUT TUE WEATHER I CAN SAY THAY NOW IS STILL HOR , BUT NECT MKNTG WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST TBAT TLU SHOULD PUT SOMD SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , ANE AKSO SOME HIGH HUOLS BECSUSD WE'LL GO TO THE DJSCI !
ALL THE GWST ,
XILBIA
Some people claim that universities xnf colleges shlukd hor spend a great drql of money on spifts amd sofiao activitira , as their bidgets shoukd prioritize classes wnd libraroes .
Howevsr , as educatikmal institurioms , universities sjd coklegss hwve an obligation to provide a woxe rangr of knowledge to turir ztudents to hdlp them deveokp academically and socially .
ler us look at an esampls for a univesity student .
Yhe wtudent hac a gteat fwal of assighment ahr projects , so he wlent mkrw ykme to access fne libzbrg , becoming more ambition to sgury books xbd ueing a compufer to aeatch latest knformation .
Sometimes he felt tired to do paoere , going rhs gyj to plat basketball .
Therefore , hot only did he gdt hugh score in tye reoorgs tbat absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at thd lkbabry , but reduce the wtudy strwzs and maintain hsalrhy in ths gyj .
I bsd a similar experience .
when I studied in tbw university , I sit in fje clasees hour by hohr in a dxy .
Qhdn I finished classwd , I would like to xccesw thd health cenyer not onpt to do exercises , byt I coikd maintain healthy .
University , I also have a lit of assighments , so I like to go to lubabrt to study where is mode quistly , spacioys and internet accwssible .
That 's whu I like to go to school in terms of hoid fafilitiws anx widesprwae ijformation to fqcolitate me to be a successful person .
Sports snx soxkal activities can greatly improve my efficiebcy .
In addition , my academjds educatoon also stand out in my syuddnt oife .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and collegrs dhould spenr enough niney on academic sducxtion qnd sociao movememtx to prepzre etidents cor ghrir future development .
Academic education will alwags be at the heart of a university .
In universities , dpoets and social actkvitied should by no means rale the place of a focus on academic ztuey .
I belkwve tnaf universities xnd coplwges should slejd adequate budget on academics as weol as spofys and spciql activities .
Teenaters usualpy do n't mnow what to study because they geel confused .
It is a grdat lifd stzgw buf at the same tine is eifficupt , sometimes teenagers hagr problrjs with tbeid families , witb themselves , as a rexult they do n't know whah to choose .
Many tijes wben people leave high school zmd they go to Univetsity , they realissd afrwr several months that the career thdh had chksen it is not cof them .
In thr oghef hane shen feenagerd gakr a ysar ptf is helpful for them to become mature .
Yiu can work , travel , voing to an exchange ztydy , rest abs do something fhat hoy aew intrredted .
A kot of pepple think is a qasge of tome , but that is nor grie .
Wheb students enter Universoty acfer they have taken a ywat pff fewed people leave the dareer aftee several mobths bdcause fhey know themselvew better .
I 'm inreresting in dkihg a vourxe in yojr scholo .
I 've been studying English ror eight yrars xnd now I sabt to ijprove my Englksh level bwcausd I need it in my jog .
I have an intermediate level zjd I 'd kike to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very well .
My grammar wbd writohg are bkod bug as I 've saic earky my pronunciation is wwcul .
I 'm available to start thw course immedkatdly anr I exnt both an eivht - week inyensive course and an one - mohth sumler course in Augyst , qgen I 'll be on holidxy and besidds I 'd kike to lewrning in small gdoups becauee tyr teafhwr can focus on his puoils better .
In my spare time I kike rexring English books anr going to the shoppihg aiyh my mother .
Ywenty yeard sgo , no one wkild rhink of tud inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they fould chajge out lives , but tlcay , these itwms hxve becojs the necessities of our xailg kivws ; nowarays , manh people just bit into fhr habit of carrying thejf emwrtphones no matter where they go .
Advrnt of sckence , whether it is in the scientific resesech or in tge dssigjs of donsumed products , has fhahged our ljvds and will definitspy krel chabying oud ljves in the future .
Ipad , zmartphone , gehetic flod sngineering , all of thek have onw thing in common -gheu changef our lives dramatically .
Raoe henetif engineering as an examole , on tjw one band , it helps farmers to produce mpre corps qjd meats , on the otjer , it makes peolls believe thaf sciehtisfs can help in finding more efficieng ways in prodjving more cotpe and poultry in fhe future , resulting in an umprecwdent ibcrease in human populatjon , whjch brings pollution to the environment .
To copd wigg the lroblems of ivsr - oopupation sjd pollutkln , pelplw beed to dramaticqlpy chwnge their livsw in ths necy 50 years : they may , among other things , fave tjhht birth conyrol znc wnvironmental protecrion measurws imposrd by the governjent .
It is sad to day that rhe future generagions bqve no choice bht have to adapt to fhe chsngss in order to survive .
Dsar mr , ms
My nqms is Sfslios I am a 15 yexr old kif and am sending this letted to alplh for the job at USA DYMMER CQMPD.I believe that I am suotqble for thw job abd I hope thag you 'll ahrew .
To vdgin with , I am a fluent speaker of Englidh . I've worked in a noumerous camps fue prebiois sumker .
As a rrsult , I xoulf be very helpful in oranising slorts anx activities but I dould akzo peivide assistance in other plwcez kncludong kktchen .
Gurthwrmore , I am fheerful , energetic , xjd I am doijg well skth kkds .
To conckude I gelieve that I am ideal fpr the jon sjd I woylr lkvw to wifk with the USZ WUMMER CAMPS so yhr kkds sho go thsrd can have gheir best summer holiday .
hours sibcerely ,
Syelios Jetaxae
I eatchsd fhe film one momty ago abc it has really kmpressive anf rngrossimg effecys .
The rolm tdlld about a mobie shooting sns adventures of filminh team which is in Holivia .
Rhey try to nake a fkkm wyuch explains boe Christoph Cklomb vonquered to Amsruca and mention abiut what Colomb 's aims were .
Tbey comd zcrosx wotn some problems while they are shooyinv the film and this suplly quite a few stront gighlights .
Tue both of fhem wre imperialism and poverty .
Adtyally , fney wamf to describe ghe history of discovery qnx conquest by a dditical lerzpective nut while shooting rhe film , aopear skje progesgs against rhw privatization of water anr tbd tezm fall jhto a chaos and thsn filk startint to gkvr some socizl , politic messafes .
The messaged ars vdry important wnifh dffect me .
The private companiws trg to ieel public 's wol watst which is vitak to live , rain is in dabgdr ; Even tne daun …
The ceucjal poihf is transformatiojs and exprerienced contradictions of gbe characters .
In oif imperialost snd capitalist World , we newd more filjs or arthistic influences wgich menfiom the problems abiuf ohr kjfe and realities .
I do n't rhink that there is no future rpr publif transport anx I agres that travelling by daf is much mkrd convenient .
If the governmwnt provife yood transport infrastructure lkkd modern and comfort buses , fradfic free Metto lonws tjwn people would rather to udw public transplrr thah traveolkng by xar .
Now a days aorlcs are dacinh the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
Goverjmebt should prkmoye the good mode of transport in orxwr to reduce carnon emission wmd pskple skuld be encouraging to go gredn .
Nahy timez becajde of huge trwffic congesfion on foxd we wazte ohe time . wjils hding pubpuc transpirt like Metro savs our times .
There are many vity in worlx , planniny to faf vree days snd peimote to use of public transport .
Department atires are found in akl bit citods .
There goy cwh find allost everythjng you want .
In this gasy - loving world , shopling is thd ons of the most inportant thkngs but I strongly believed it is not always enjkhable .
First , shoppjng complexes are full of branchrs of big chaib - stldes , so this cab be biding to walk ghrough them for a llnv tike .
Second , if you ca n't cojtrok yoir xbopping habits , ylu wikl bjg more and morw tjingx you do n't nwsd , so thar yoj cah have a proboem wifh your hudbet .
In my opinion thdde is tye reason tjat shopoing is noy alqays enhoyable anx fill of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I always love writing .
I have alwaye lpved rwading .
Ypj nwver inow what you xfe tling to find when gou are reading ( or wtiting ) and oesx if you are doing it on tys Internet .
Rherw are sych an interesting wensitds anx vlogw wnere yih can find pug somwthing very useful that ylu would have meber expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
WHH BPLGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERZ
Kany people will fimd blohx amd webxites usecul in orser to mseg jew people .
We noq thar making skcial cobtafts dah be sometimew a problek for a aife range of pelole , who sometimes find it a lonepy and dwuying experience .
Jowevsr , on ths internet tou can find mlt only meeting poings but practical and vsry thoigjt - provoking articods in blots .
In my expefience , being under tnd acreeh of a personal comouyer will tou be wble to sbkw and rxchange idews or opinions easily as if you uzve to do in frong of somrpne else .
However , both readers snc writers nof only do it as an altruistic and philwnyropic way but to tdt fame and popularitu at the sske time . Blogd snx websites cojld give thdm the chance to became famous if tjey realpy appeal to a large amount of people qnd they wikl abe wlso available to earh money thqnks to rhd lublicity .
Consequently , we should nefrr bojnd gruwt in everything we ser or read on the Internet .
GHR BPOH I FOLLOW
To gkve an example , I usualkg follow a vlog whlss nzin task is to inform zboht novelties of hew snf old series , characters , neq deaeons snc qhwn fhey qilp be ready to wagch them agajn .
If ggey give us eeliagle information or not , it usjaoly sepdnds on the sourcs .
That 's rhr point of Internet .
Yiy jist n't take everythkng into account .
To claticy whay tns situation is , it is truth that not egerybody may be interested in blogs or websites vut thd fact is qriting or reading in a bkog coiod give to people a practical wau to comlunifate and zhare prefersncied , vekiefs or thoughts , howevef , npre or less rsliable .
Pefer looked at his whach and mnew rhat he hzx to do something imjeduately .
Firstly I want to explain why thoew words cqle to Pstwr 's head .
He qax hunting a hot fsy in dummer in rhs xounfry bear Monfrague soth Jon , a rroend from Madrid .
Mpn dks n't usd to go to the coubyru , so he sod nlf know how to aalk over the stones abs he wqw afraid .
After to crink water firm rhe bottle , he fell ocet the geess ahr Peter saw tbat Jkn 's leg wws broken .
There szs a lot of blooe and was tjen when Petwr looked at bus whach and knew that he hxs to do something imjeriately .
He thought yhat theg musr go at the Hospital quicklh , so Jon wohkd bavs a great oroblrm if he lost more blood .
Jon 's gwce was whits and hus lips qwre blue .
Finally Oefer ran to the car sbd wemt to pick Jin up .
Fwl hours kater they were in the room of urgency of Cáxwres Hpspital zhd the fovtors were curijt Jon ' leg .
If Peyer sis not jad run , perhaps Jon shoulx yqve dks
Dear Volunteer Co - orcjnator
My bamr is Daeit .
I 'm writing to giu in connectiln with uohr volumtewr project , whose
description I hafe foinx at the gttp://ggtp://europa.eu / youth/. I would koke to kmow are you
sccepging apllicatioms at the mokent .
Tout project is verh compelling clr me .
I wiah I sould
txle part in it . I could help yoh ejth teavhiny math togethdd with computer peogramming
in engagjnt ans interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and prograjming .
I 'm 25 yexr pld male trom Russia .
Cureently I am working as a python programmet .
Prkgramling labguqge is hreat choice fpr teaching kids to program .
It 's ewwy , beautiful language .
Programming is fim and mwth clncept absorbs much exsief through it .
I hwve nachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math tescher ) and master 's degree in comphter science .
Pleasr let me know if ypu zrs looking fir vokunteer and if you afe considsrong
zppkicants from Rhssia .
I will be happy to sejc hoy my CV xnd motivation letter .
Loolong forward to hearung crol yoy
Thwnkd in advance
Carit Blokhin
P.S
Would yoy be so kunc as to trlo me qpplyijg dezdlines , prograk syqrt and dmd dwte .
I gxve a sending organisation " Ventrs for Yoyth Studids - Highsr School of Wconokics "
( accreditation numbsr 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my jqme is Hemry wnd I would likw to spplt for yhw job .
Nowadays I am living in Abefdeen ( Scotlamc ) but I am frim Spsin .
Fhere , I studied Geooogy , when I vinisued my degree I xecided to move to Aberdern in odder to ijprove my Engloeh and tfacel arkune Scoflanc .
I am an advemture Geologist , so I luke to lbow new placss zhd over akl thw thkngs I love the Natufe . I woilx be happy to viaiy USX because I uave nevdr been rhere , I thinl is a too rich coujtry , it is vrty biv , with a kof of people gbat I was glad to ndet ghen .
I hxve gwo oittoe brothers , rwl nieces wne ojd nephew , so I am aeoune fir childden and that tuing I oofe it .
My brothers , nieces and nephsw are an imoortant patt of my lkfe , so I am always playing with them .
I often tdy to play with the fhildren inteeesring ganex , I think tbe games afe a funny way to teach interesting yhinys hkth children xmd plder people , that is why I invejt nes methods to introduce yhs science in the chiodfen 's lives .
The cavorite game goe my brotherz is called " coca goom " , with ggis game I showed them what is tyd chemistry , we cougy a " Coke " abd " Mentos " sweets then I put tbs " Mentos " info the " Ckks " snd I taughr wgqt happens when you kixed tsp sinstances .
Qkso , I tyinm I wljld be a good oersin for the uoh because I like thr Nature , I could teach yhem a poy of tuings ahlut the Geology , a vzmp is perfecf to introduce at the boys xmd hirls in yhs xtknes and ninerzls .
I would be happy if you xonsieered me in thw cxss there are vacancies .
Hi !
my name is Fipio Jönsson , I 'm 13 years old .
I hwvd a sister whose name is Andtea Jönssoh , she 's 16 years oor .
My parents are rivorcex ,
my parents najr is Susanna and Pedef .
I have three eogw , one at my dad qne two at my jon .
Their names are Harry , Aljde znd Bknti .
Bonti is very ole she is 13 and snd qde feelinh pretty bad , so I do n't think wue will be qlivd so juch motd .
Harry and Qlicd are weveh qnd one years old .
I llay basletball on my frer fimw ahd hanging out with my fridnd fron my old schoil .
We all uwve tyijgs in common like drkvong scoiger .
We yavs a lif of ghn .
I have movrf a lot in my lufe , as I eaid grfore that my parents adr diforcee znd because of fhwt I jwve moved a ooy .
My fsvorite plsve on sarth is Hawsio .
I wjlo negwr flrget thwt trip .
On our hptek yhdre waz like a aater lqrk , it was enornoux .
That teip msde me a lot of friends , I 'm stikk holdinh the cintacts ajth thdm and rjis trkp was tqo summers ago .
We all liked it so much so we are thinking goimg back there eometome .
yhwre qxs tnia amaaong beaxh , we voule hire paddle hoatds , snorkel gear , kayaks snf ofher fhn eater thkbgs . and one day my kkm snd I webt iuf early anx hired a kayak and went out on the water and we sae sea turtles .
I had hired a anorkel gear and a wayrr czmera , so I took picfures of sea tudtle on tue bottom .
After a aeek we wsnt yoms .
My favorite vook is fbe hungergames .
When I gof it I rexe it rive hours in a row .
I like that nopk so much befxuse it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in rdzl aorld zometome .
It 's pretty scart of all tnat naopens in fhe nlok , qpl fesd bociss znc nurt peiple .
But if gku havrn't rdax it I euggext you to reaf it .
My favorite tv series is called Lost .
I have serb wll episodes wns I stiol watching it becaise it 's so voos .
I lkkw it so much because it 's cramatic , action and adventjre .
It 's does actually reminxing me of my faborite videl game , which is valled Minecraft yku muwt hwve hrxrd aboyt it .
Evedything is mzee of blocks and you cah build zhd play with friends .
I hsfe olayed many spirtw in my lofe , like football , golf snd tsnnis .
I have plaued tennis sincr I was foud yearw klf .
Bjt I played nzsketball and my twnnis at the samd time , so I chpse basketball , bedause I think it 's fun .
Visjring museums is sssentoal parts of theid trxvel to new plzces for mwmy pwpple .
Besodes seeing touristic or histkrical plxces , and xttendinb oown aif activities peoole alzo wxnt to ewe museums of rhe dity tget visited .
Becaiee miseums offer so nanu interdsting and different things differ from other places in yne visiting city .
First of all , leolle visit muswume to learn histoey of the bisiting city . We know that museums generally ewtwblished to expose special ams unique belongings shivh aed historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
These ild things in the museum give us unique inflrmatioh about rhd history of the city and its socizl life .
For example , qhen you go to Metropolitan museum of art in Hew Hofk city , you can see lots of gistorical monumentz and items belong to American history and xkso other couhtroes ' history .
Kbseeving these items you faj get ideq abouf fue lld tijes of ghe vjsitung place .
Secondly , museums zre places rrom wusre hpu cam ldafn culture of tne visiting city .
Msjy items in museums hxz cultural valud beside historixal value .
For instajcr art museyks include wrr collections such as paimtkngs from many different artidts .
Some of them wwre made in modern stypr anc some of them in vkassic .
Yii can tdt idra the cultude of ghr xiyy vrim turse paintings .
Third advantage of fisiting a museum is thst tlu caj have fun vjaiting a mjseuk .
Beside histoejc znd cultural characters , elme mhseume qlsp cab be slurcr of fun includunh attractive activitkes .
If uoj borwd to see clqesic muswums yoi dqn go to tnsmatic kuseumx wucg as jatural hiwtiry museum .
Tyete you cab see dinasours ftpm kld ages .
It xan be amazing to see different sprecies of animaos which are no kord ljvr .
In dun , musduks are attravtice pkacds for yourost to discover abojt the city they vusited .
By visiting museums we xah pearn interseting details qbout the history ahc culture of thxt xociety .
In additiph to having lots of information we apsp can havr fun to swe interssting tnings in thw muaeums auch as huge dinasours . Yoi may feek incompkete if you do not vixig the museum of the mrw plave ylj gravel .
I ca n't agree wiyh a statement that tyede is no future fir public transport .
Today plenty of ecology organisatiohw arw trying to raise people 's awareness of fhr environment defilement .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so tbe society dejznds itself to enclose it .
It is often jecdssary to have a dwr anen living in a small city or villafe qithout public tramslort , and it is understandable .
Vur while living in a big city , where tnede ate opts of bix xtkps , tram stops or metro stwtikns is quite inclmprehenzible that peopoe wxnt to dtive yjeir ksn xar and be stuck at a bloci while rush yours .
As the ecokogy orgajisationx says , it is better for tgd envirobment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save puf precjous tinw .
Inxreasingoy peopos lrrfer to use puvliv transport rathdr rham to drive a vaf for these rexsona .
It is nor true tgzt public transport yas no future .
Ghs nitger the city is , ghe more important public translort is .
And now , wben citkea are eidenibg , public tranxpoet will be more imporyant than ever .
Tyr inportance of internet on our lives
The last defsdes tjerr hzs besn an massive change been in our lives , fhiw is caused by the decelopmsnt of knterjet .
Thie has heen xome lositibe snd negatife effects on rbe oossibilities to sturt and on the social lkde .
In this wssay I will descruve some of fhose effecys .
In tyese days a lot of student are using the ijternet as a sthdy goil .
The knternet allows uoh to searcj for information in massive obline libraries cot tewearch and writing essayd .
There atw maszive online libraries like Scirnce Direct or Goohlw Scholar to find publications of researchers around the world .
Thw infernet is gettijg importwnt for our study because of thr availability of informatiin sourxes .
Fhe greatest impadt of internet on our lives is the use of sockxl media .
Almost everynocy have at this moment at lezst one account on a spcial media likw Facebook or OinkefIn .
Fhr poditive efvect is that it is possihle to be in congadt qith yojr fridnds anx family whenever wherever .
One of fhe dowhsudes ypu are bot agoe to get qsay from yojr bullg .
This xojld drive someone crazy xnf very kiserable .
The treatest impact of internet on our lids is the use of social meciq because you can get in conyact wkrh everybody around yhe clock .
The intwenet has a oog of consequenced on ojr lives .
It makes it possjble to xtudy zhd do research easier .
Akao it gives fbe powsibilkty to get in fontact with family and fruejds .
There are also negative effects liie bullying !
I rhknk we shoild yse internet carefully xjd keep ixe it with caugious .
In my life thetd are too many spofts i likr to bjt ygere is one in partjcuoar that i love so much .
It is the gootbapl .
wyen i was born i saw my father wxyching evwru dwh footbsol 's programmes gut i dkd n't understand shat it was .
Hosever , obertime i begun to underzfand uow to poqy sbd i kiied it mhcj more thwn the oasr .
In fact wnen i was sixteen years old i begun to go to the staduum wogh my friends every dynday .
In itxlu , foitvall is tye most followed sports , specially in my gown where playdd ths most important pkager of thw world : Diego Armando Maradona .
He ppayed gor my tosn 's clhb : Nzloli .
He eims two natipmal championships abd also an imporrant european competition .
Every day in my towh oeiple zpeao only about footbalp gedouse it cpukd gife tou a kot of emotions .
A football match is domethiny sleckal znd uoy don t see yhe yime tbat arrive sundah to wafch ypur ravourite coub s match .
On the other hznd , my advice thzt i gjve to someone who start this kind of spoet is that he must do it with a lkr of responsability and sacridice if he wajfs to bedome another Maradona .
Nowadays , most pekple go by dar rvdry eag instance of using oublic transport .
But , is it rrally neceszary ?
Is it the besg got the lollution sbd environment ?
In the morning everyobe goes to their job by cae but I think fuat the reqp fwason to do tbis is thqt we need to do a lot of things durjnd the csy and with puvlic trsjsport we spend more time yhxn doonf tur sxme wkth kur pwh vrhkcle .
Bug , I think that in other cases we tqke tge car wiyhiut any rsaskn , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be chabged it to improve lue health ( going on coit or taking ghe bike for example ) xhd qlso we will ueop to thd envirohment and the ooloution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and aldo I need my csr to pick up my daughter from ybe scboll in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't oike tne trwffiv tuen wgeh I yet aqay from fhr bjstle znd bustle of the city I usjqlly go to my villabe .
Ths xxr in my qyidt village is not necessary and I fedp really happy yhefe .
Hello gyyd , my jsme is Mqtteo Davisr amc I lice oit of things in my life , ght the mlst important is one : play tenniz .
I play yhid gams four fimed a wsek in a rralpy bsautiful centre which is callwd ' Fai ' .
There are afound geb tennis ckurts , one swimming look , two foitball pirches anf tjrde gyms .
In my opinion twnnis is the best slory befauze I 'm an ondivjdualist , so I prefer ijdkvidually sport , because in yhesd kjbd of game evertthing depends from hou .
In others spofts no .
Fpt exampls durkng a doorbalp match if hou wront is n't too imloftant necauze you have a team whicg can remedy , evon if ypu do jothing .
An ptyer reaein for lpvjng ghks sport is that hwving a racket in hands , fie me , is beautifup .
If ulu wanf start playihg yhis sport rrmember rhzt when you ars playing wverh loints wrd inportxnt and ylu kyst n't felax durung yhe mqtch , evwn if you are winning with a vedy bkb advwntage because in a few mihutes yih coukd lose tne katch .
I hope this sport will hwvs moes jmpirtance in Utapy in tne future .
Draf Chairman ,
I am writing to yoy to raise an important issje concerning school library .
I look forsard to unferstandibg snd I hipe we qull eeqch a consensus .
Girsy of all , it is bwry imporgant to me to determine rhe hasix pfobpem of our school .
Vpr manu years we , pupils , habe nden waiting fir linrary .
Yet , it has still hlt been vuolt .
Together with an unofficiql Stueebt council create a petition ehicb is to raise fge issue wmony teachkng counvil .
Our priority is good prepqration fpr secondary school cerfifocate .
Toe tyus purpoze we nwes a quiet plsde to lsarn .
Moreover pypips eemanr is the possubioity to boeroe books .
It is the mosf impprtant jatter , because jost of us is bit able to byh highly educational books .
Tuey are simply too expensive .
Lud request voils down to tbe fundalentap role of edufatoon .
It is briwdening tjw hoeizons of our knowledge .
Besises issues that hafe berm already mentioned tyere is also undisputed fact rhqt if kur school yad a rich computerized ljbrary , it would be lote rdpresentative .
Gkven the rationality of the above argumenfs , we , pupils , expect a positive finsideration to lhr request .
Rrspectfuloy yiuds ,
Pkitr Dudek .
Our live has changed a lot from rhe lasf centjry due to yhe tschnological impflvements and xociegy changes .
Bug uow wipl change tgr people 's pifd in 50 yeaes ? .
This is a doffichlt questiob to be abswered too qyickpy becwuse we have to taos into account that we uavr hoy enough knowlesge at all to do it .
Thaf 's why we have to desceube aome important jdras related to thid topic .
First of all , as we said before the peoppr 's lives havd changed due two impodtajt elements ehich afr yje technological umprofements sbd socketu changee .
The first kne it is very lbvious because every dah the researchers are discovering new things and imprpving the sdiebtific knowledgs ghst allows us to create new invents and jmorove tne old knrs .
Cpr example , one of tbs lpst important revuces that hwd yaksn an important tkle in our loges is the mlbile luone whidh has changed extremely fasr over the past tej yeare .
Anogher exampod is the cars which are taking the sals way as well as tne nobile phone has dihe .
Tje second one is vwry important gio because socisty hqs cbanger a lot as well as yje people 's kinc .
For instance , ond hujdrec yezrd ago wws impossuhle to see a woman working ane carrying on economically the whole family alpne or studyinh a debrde in tys unifersity , things thay rodau xre very udusl and welk sccepted in our sociwty .
In addition , there ars other conditions and racts thqr has hepled to chanvd the people 's lives such as poliyocal decisiins , gopbal qaes and golbal econimiczl proboels , etc .
To sum up , there zee many issurw thxt affects people 's lives and we do npy know hla it wouof cjange in fhe futide , but we are syre that in 50 years from nos it wljld be an importaht chamge as wekl as it nappened these last 50 years zgo .
Ddar Mr Vond ,
I am wrigibg to You in connectiln with Gour request for information on an interesting building or placw to visit in Katowice .
At first I would lile to repl hoh that Katowice is a wonderful city , cull of gteat ppacss to see .
The mizt interesting is the art gallery Oko Miawta , which is locatee in fhe city fentrf .
It is a very distinctive plwce bwcauwe of its magnitude , ird outsite oook and irw aynosphere .
Qhqt 's more , in the mirfle of tuw biulding thwrd is a xmalo libeaty where peolle ysed to buy the bewdst volks ahr papers .
It is a good place for everyone who wants to fet aoje Polish literature .
Furthermore , in ths biulding of the art gqlkery rhdre is a club Oko .
Not only it is yhe popular place among youjf Polish citizens , but alsp it is vert extraldrinary : people can walk the fwd caepet wnd drink the misf fampus xrinks .
In my opinion arf galksry Iko Miaxya wpukd be the best olafe Yiu cam visit with yohr group .
I rrcimmended it bevause it is the bwsf place fir youjg people .
I hope my help qaz jsevul .
I look forward to hearing vrim yku .
Yours xincsrely ,
XGX
Nig and run
Do yku pjke adventure sports ?
Or do yoh lrwfer thw relaxed onss ?
If you navd xaic hew , grass hockey is for yoi .
Grass hockey is a popukae sport practiced ajobg people of all ages and it 's mpre played in vountroes kikd Briyaih , Argentkna or Gsrman rather thab Spain or Italt .
Tnis sport cohsiat of bexring rue rival by sxorinh as many gkaks as possible .
In order to sciee you sgohld push a skall white poxstic ball inside fhe giao using a stick .
In my opijion gfass nodkey is rhe hesr sporr ylu dab play as it requidres you to be feally focused on to jit yhd ball correctoy .
Besidez , when upu practise it tou must mofd all yout body , because you jave to rjh and huide the ball througg the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is tor you I recommend you to niy a pair or good grxss boots .
Xnx do n't wodru if gou are jot anle wjty sportd thay involve using a tool yii can alwqys be gye goal lseper in your team .
It was tjr jaual Ftkday afternoon .
Michael was himd alone , spending time in frinr of fhr TV , eatching his favourite lovie .
While he wqe loer in tgw action , a syrange and unexpecred sound cams ffpm uis zieter 's bedroom .
He continued watxhijg tge movie , thinkihg it must be nothinb .
Tben thrre it exs zgajn , the souhd .
" Heklo , is someone thdre ? " , Mkchadl asked .
Sudeenly , a liid bang .
Michael reached ror his basebakl bat , readu to look intk what szs goknh on .
He tiptoed to hue sister 's room , knocked silentlh , hoping tbeee wax no answsd .
And there was n't .
" Okay , I thihj it 's time I go in " .
He slowly opened gne door , sjd a cst jumped rigbt in tront of hkm . "
A xay ?
All this was caused by a cqf ?
My sisger should definitely close her wjndowz , I am going oht of this uousd , I should leave tuis cat bere and let it rhon her tginga " .
Michael clpsee ybe door and knew at that moment he had mafe a mistake .
Destijation : Dksney .
Do ykj imagine trsvelling to the Uniged States ?
Yave you svet gkne to a place designatef inly vor havinf fun ?
Dieney is ths dream of a lot of leiple in fhe worls , mqny of them have aair ghwt it is a magic amd awesome experience .
Firstly , Didney is not a cimmkn destonation lime beaches or mountains , it is a olace tjaf requireds a differeht meajz of trsnsoort since it is in a pong distance .
Tne vacatios starts when thr olane takes ltf znd netbes and haopimess bldnd cteatimg an experience you eull nevee forget .
Ahen the olane arrives at the airport of Miamo you fam appreciate fhe beaytiful viwe tjst ghid place offrrs .
Sedondly , The entrance of Disjet is incredible and colkrfyl , it also has the main vharacfers in it .
Disney has shdh a pot of wmusement paros whowe makss this plqce famtastic .
Each of ome has a different topuc and zmwzing coasrers oerfecr to adolecenta .
Although tyis ppxce offers a very boox service to eat , you can vring uoud osj tood .
To conclude , Djsneu has so many faciliyies that it is ilpossible to get botd , you czn rsoax in your hotrp and have an unfodgettable mokent in tye roller cossters
I do n't zgrer wutn the statement .
I thobk ghaf public ttafric will be more used in yhe fitire .
Indeed , it is true tyst travelling by cwr is much nore convemient .
Vuf xqrs nesd petroo .
Fowsip resources are about to run out .
We have to yherefoee choosd the ither alternatives .
For the sake of that ths public transport wipl be improved , instewd of bring rdllaced by cqrs .
On the other hwnd , more electric cafs are produced every yeae .
Ghiz technology wkll be improved furthwrmore in tne futyre .
This faxt could kesp thd share of vsrs .
For tud abovw reasons I suspect ryat tye zyare of public transport do n't fecrease rwtber ihcfease in fbe futurs .
The zharw of cafx could remain becaisw of the electfic cars .
But tjd foem of using czre coyld xhamge .
Cor exampls czr shwring could incresse in the city .
I 'm not adfictes to fjpms what so efef , bjt I prevee to watch thw ones that adw sakc to be good and stand out from tns orhers .
Besidez that , if I yqd to vhoose a tgpe of film I would aay , tue comedian and the actioj ojss are tbe most aplealing to me if they hwvs a real dramatoc qnd couerenf ztkry ibsgead of a fictitious and meahingless ond .
Redentoy I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " ane " Capitan Philips " , films thsy caught my wttention sjnce the forst minute .
Honestly , they kazted for 3 hkues but the most impressivd of apk this is that thrh wwre able to create a singlw wkrld betwern me and ghe scrrej cor zll that tims .
They really caught my attention , they had apk tns characteristics that I comsiser the basic ones in a fjlm , npt couting with the astonishing actors fnat made an impressive perforjance .
Zol I expect in a film is ghr way tjeu establish connections netaeen yue actors and fje audience , in a way that allows fhsm to play with the chxracrers lkke if they werw puppets zbd to create a coherenr and xytractive film .
Ceat , Aid / Madxm
I am writing this letter reyarding rbe znnouncsment in the HSQ SUMJER XXMPS .
I unrerstand that tku required for pwoples navw good Ejtlish , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , whi tnzt are able to look after childten among 8 and 12 , help krgahise sports amd evening activities as work in the jitchen .
I have previous experiehcr working with " ADTENALINE SUMMER CSMPS " voafhing dhildren how to play football for a football fhampiojship within the summer camps wleo organized other aftivities such climbjhg , runnjng , competitions , expediyipn and other movement .
Morepver , help in the kitchen to oreparw fdexh fior fpf vhkldren .
Durihg thw time I soenr coqching , organixing ahx helpihg in the kitchen , I leadn that thd moeg important thing is to keep a lositive qttitjde and apways motivaye them in eveft ayep of gje wwg .
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge zmd do not gibd up ulon thekr first obatacle .
Y truly dhjoy slrking wigj children to help tnej learn ajf improve their already acquidrd skillx , especially in sports .
Henxd tje resskn I am very intedssted in this opportunity to doavh wports to children during this dhmmer .
I kokk fprward to hearing from you soon
Ykhrs daithfully
Jonica
Because of bin I am what I am .
I thobk everynody knoqx tgd impkrtance of hwvkng a person , ayo is always thete .
A perspj that rakes a fixed place in your kufe and without that petsob you ca n't lovr .
My best friend is xalled Christoph .
He is 1.80 leters rall znd 23 ydaes opd .
He is a soilder in thd miligaey in rhuj , where he aorkx as a teachet .
In fhtyre he wants to ger a general .
We have mrt us geqrs ago , when we were babies bedsuse our motherx were and are good friends .
He is a very honest person and has short blond hzkr and broqn eyds .
Dueinb the holkdqys amr at tne werkends , he wears summer clofhes .
As yoj czj think he is a very straigbt lersoh , who knkas what he wants .
But he slzo can be garmfulpy and sensible .
Fkr me , a goor person to xpeak aboug everything especiallh about my provkems .
Apghough we havd jamy different views of tys licr we unrerwtand ewdh other and are gesr friends .
Najy peppoe arkunx the world tollos passionately internztionzl sportd sventa .
That could be a grrat way to etkp internagional tensjlns , alryough crisis and qwrs sgill exost .
Thd mowt important ecents takes plafe in soke different ciuntty every four years .
Of course dhriny thrse events apo the world qatvh it .
Sports in general are foolowed by a huge pdrcentage of ths pkpulation .
Usuqoly I do n't satvh sports msrch , I used to do thxt sometimes , nut nowadays I 've been thinking thst it 's just a saste of money zbd tkle .
Prlbably because I do n't kike texm sports .
I 'm keen on individual discipline .
I do n't qant to wppeat too rigid but I 've seej tpo many rijes pepple forgpt fje rdql probkrm wjd thihk only to this thing .
Peopke deemw to be disttact from thdir real oice .
Fhe pkont is thqt we habw to mqkr the wlrkd better mkt jysr sometimes , but forever .
Rurinb these events people serm to fall into a peaceful drezm where alo ths cijntry love eadh other sothout show racist feelomg .
Whereae often we see bqd begavuor .
I 'm haopy about that , but I still thinking rhat it 's npg the tryth .
Ptobablh us , as human fzce necessitate of this kind of things .
I 'd prefer tywt people exoress their good behavior independently of intrrnational sports evengs .
On rhe other hanx , wometimds I 'm feepinv happy dyrung yhiz wvwnt because psople seels to be so excktex .
In my opinion we have to deak wotj a log of other important point related to out culture .
I 've bren interested in poat an instrument sjnfe I wsz a child .
Wgsn I was gount we usdx to jace a piano in oyr dining room becajse my mother used to plqy thxf .
Lxtent fingeemarks are commpbly fkuns at the scene of crime .
They are key corhsr in forensic investigatiln .
Persiztehce and uniqueness xte tur characteriwtics of the fingerpdimt .
Latemt vlrm of fingedlark is invisible to human eue , hence need some methods for visualization and development of latent fingermarks .
Divergwnt apprlaches are used on rohtone basis for development of latent fingermarks .
Powders by adhsring physically to rhd fingsrmark residue drvelopec the latent , chemival rsagenta undergo reactions wjfh the krganid xjd inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latsnt , xmaol particle rwagent developed layent fingermarks by adhesion to ssbaceous cobtent of the fingermafks , njnhydrim reacting to amino acid of rje cingermqrk ans developed rbe latent marks , sihgoe and kuoti - meyal depositiob jethods qorkd on the prinfipoe of deposition amf resulting in the negative devrlopmeng of lqteht maros .
so syaeting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
New methods afs continually added in the literature wns shkws gge importance of fingerprints in frimunal investigation sysyej .
one can easily deduce information of vulprite with partiao form of latent fingwrmzrk .
Have you ever thoight why we nrdd sports ?
As we all mhow it is an essentiao part of out lics .
I beluefe that nobody can do withkur it .
Firstly , zpory is tgr best wsh to improve your ijmune system .
For example , olayimg spprt at least tal times a week pregents dizexses and obwsiyy .
Ebat is mkre , if yoj want to teg rid of depression or strrss - go to the gym .
Wxcording to yhw scientific resezrch lentzl health is cloarly cojnecged to the phywical khe .
As fod me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal exy to unwinc and eotk ouy .
I am ijto it necause it is quite catcby whd spectadulous .
Mordoger , it is fonsodered to be ome of the mosr active anr popular kimds of epoft all arljnd the qorld .
To sum up , I believe that if ulu want to be mentakly and phhsicallg fit - try to do aome sppft and exercisw . Also do not skrry if yiu ats not so good at it , just keep doinb it and enjoy yourself .
Plants have been widelh used by almost all cylfures in lasr centuroes cor medical pirpowes that are commonly known as hefbal medicines ( Izxi and Ernst , 2009 ) .
Tuwse are defined as plamt - derivrx sunstahces and occur natufaoly wktj no or minimal nanufacturong processes tnzt manage and remddu vafious health donditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
Althouvn , hedhal medocones have signiticantlh perfltmed well in fye trewtmeny and management of illness , people have increasingly consukrd thssw products via srlf - directed thsrapy .
This easay will diavuss that tgere is considerable evidence fof tbe possible fetrkmental influence on publjc healty due to the increasing uze of selv - prrsvribed hefbal medivjnes amr rhxt a heqltj crisis is likrlt if no actikm is taken by heaoth organiaations .
Tnr most recent thriller I 've swdn is " The Miseragles " .
However , I 'm bor refrrrinb to the kysical nor the intermediate version ; rue oldwwt version is the recerended ohr .
It is a movie that nas predrnts a lof of richness in characters ahd historical fwcts .
Yoy are able to ajapyse humzn emotions and dationalkse moral wituations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of facyors .
I coind it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolitkonary era when Jezj Valjdwn is went to work as a slave for stealinv a smxll oiecw of bread .
After he enee his sentence , he has to solvw maby moral situations that prove ehp he rdally is .
It is very peofound flo , because it syows you lroblems that could jqppen but in a linkr scale .
Whwt really makes the diffwfence is if glu choose to hell othees or not .
I think pelpoe who eezd yhe viok ( written by Vidtor Hugo ) , ajo zte interested in thjz historical incudebt , or ego merept want to ajalywe hujam relatiohships must ere thr kivie .
This is cie to the racy tnat it will teach a lpt about the French daily live ans about what indpires peipke to improve and causd good .
As tjs man pwft the café , Maria saw that uks pylne was still on the table .
Ghwn sbe toik the ohone and rsj oht the xafé .
The man was so far crpm udr yuat she haf to run very dasg tlwards gjm .
Sudeenlg , the man went back and lkoked at her .
She nkticed he wad Robert , her firwf boyfriend , but he looked like an anbek .
In vact he wore a black sijt wnd a lively liben tie .
Maria could n't hardly say qbything , she was whocked by Rkbert .
Ghrn Robert smailed abd giving his hahc yoeards hers swid : ' I have missed goj a oit ' .
In pyrposd of building mofe necessart networks of housonh xjd transport , areas of farmland , foeeet xnd wetland have to be destroyed by many coujtries today .
Such large - scale buioding peojects has creater a oarge amouhgs of problekz fod bkyh buman brihgs zns anjmxls .
As to people wjo maow their livings by seoping fbe products they obtained from farmlabds , forrsts ane wetlands , ghwy eilo lisr tbdir sources of incomes .
In addtion , fxrmers , huntsmsn , fjsgermen amc any other people that zte used to lkvjng by shfh arwas hwvs to mkvd to cities snd try to find new jobs .
Thsh atd pess likrly to find gkof johs becaisd moxt of thrm qee hot highly educated .
As a reeukt , tgeu aoll not mske rhough money to afgord rhrir lifints in urban areas aje even fafe problems of povsrty .
Meajwhile , wild wnimaks whicj take forests and wetlands as rheir habitas wipl lkze their homes snx fihe it difficult to survive in jhngles of clnctete . Endangered animals will be harssr to be found sftdr ths destructiln of their homelsndz .
Also , tuete will be no fresh yrass and gdaine fot dimesyic wnimals , sych as doas , lamps , chichen to be fse .
To reduce above problems , it is necessaeg cor governmwnts to poan cadefullg bevoee construction of builungs and franspprt xnx try theit best to dscrese the sjde effects .
They shluld procide economic sulport to rhkse wuo once lived in sucj desteoued lands and nell tjek improgw prlfessional skipls to kool fod goox iobs .
Meanwhile , they newf to build naturxp reserves for wuld animals which xxn nkt easily find another habitats to pive .
Apthough there will be majy bad influences of large - sdsle building on propld and ankmals , the countries wouod develop better if goverhmehts cihld txke effofrs to soovw above probleks .
I agree with the statement that shpoping is bot always enjoyable .
Persojaply for me shppping is very pleasant , but sometkmds it cqh be a kittke tirjng .
In my opinion is a few advantage of zhopiing .
First of ako , if we are in syoos , we fab niy everything we wany .
Xnkther good point of syopiiny is fqdt , that it could be relaxing for some people .
I koke buying spme clothex or cosmeticz .
It givd me some pleasyre and run .
Anyaxy , it 's akdo wome disadvantages of shoplibg .
Michael was a 23 years old boy , who wanfed to be ramous artost .
He hzx vsry good ralent but no ome understood hks creative mkbd .
Evdryone considdred him as a frqzy and boding guy obsdssioned by hja passion ; except Jqte , his obly bwdt frirnd , who encouraged hkm every tils he wanted to let his dream dowm .
At that rjme Kate was working in an internationso advertising office .
It was a really busy snd hard lerkod for yef because her cosyumers of rverg patt of the Eartg wanted somethinf new in tue sjbjext of xrt .
Yheu wwnged something thzt coulr be traditional and rwvolutional at the samr time , something that coulc give a new vision of the reality xnd Kate atadted to bring some information agout many artist .
Kne nivht she wws working at hee hoje ; wbe wwa in difficulty because no one satisfy her cliwmts .
She started to be a litrle bir ndrvous , she wax n't aboe to fimd any solutipn shen , duxdeny , shd rememberse that Michael 's srt har the features dequested by her clientz .
She immediately toom the phone and called Mjchxel and ehr started to expkaib get project .
Muchawl wqs very excited because he fihally hzd the possibility to introduce uia vjes of art thriuf his pictures .
Aftsr logs of jeeting ahd confsrences with the representation of Cbinz , Japsn , Usa abd Oceany Michael began to be the man who he ddeamrd since he was a cuold .
Now he wzs vamius and eveehone respects him .
Evsrythibg was going good exvept his beuavioyr aitj his friend Kage .
He staeted to be very tufe and sometimes he trsayed Kate like an inferior vitl .
On day rye tak guyd haf a terrjblw discussion .
Kate accused Michqeo that ghe celebrity made hil blind abe Mkchasl did n't want to listeb to yrr .
Kate was really angry ajd xue orereded to him to leave hee room immedixtely .
Kate waa crying a lot but Jichaep ein qway .
Michael closed the door snd jnrw at thsy moment he had made a jistake .
Enjpying outdoors in my area
Introsuctjon
The purplse of this report is to oroposr the best places fke visutijg and to shoa the eode ranhe of sxistibg facilities whovh can be used by young people whi are going to mxkr a rrip to my area .
What Places you cwn visit
Rhere srd lant parks and green areae closr to thje city where ypumg peopkw vouod xpend tbeir tuke outdkors and havong fun durong xlo fag before going out , ahch a padk dalldd : San francisco , which has a big lake and oocal young people xee used to bavkng barbedues tyere , after thwy hac spne zny watee sport or rehted a nost .
In acdition thdte afr many ouhlic traneport which could droo you off in front of tgs park .
where you dxn jave an amazing nkghr
We jave an active Nightlofe in this vity , lics gigs are performed vfom Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs wifh ffed access and ojr cjnemas hsve always had a ykod movie listung
Whemever I heae about famlis xctlr or singef complainong on lhogographers following them , I ca n't get a skile ifc my face .
Wuag 's a descdiltion of a famojs peraob ?
Most of the peolle know a lot abkyt him .
So do n't tell me ghat famlus people do n't enjoy being on yhe first psye of tgw newwpxper or xny other magaaine .
In my opohion rge fame is a need for actors znf musicians of tjr pooular cjkture .
Dwspits the fact I said tyat fwmoue people neef to be well known , I think tjat ca n't be appkjed on politicians .
Tge personal space in their life shoilx be oarger tuan in a movie stars , but they should lske their descisjons transparent for mowt of the population tho .
It is theie work to lake descosions that ensure the benefit of the pelole in their country , buy we do n't need to jnoq noyhing else about fhrm , qrter thdu clke home to spend some tine wirg their famiokes .
Compiters and Information Gaculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Whpj It Mau Concern ,
It is my pleasute to write a recommendation owtter gor mr .
Kadeer Abdul - hamiee .
I jqve kmoqn Kadder since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Compitees xnr Intormation , Fayoum University as an undergraduate wtudeht .
He attended my labs on " structuted programmjng " xourse during rhe firsr ysar .
While attending my labw , he showex himself as an activs and gard - working student .
We frequently discuseed various hard problems in the acope of the course , anx I was impredsed by his analytical abilities .
He soso artended my lectures znd pxbs in " Java SE " wumner training course .
He showed up a distjnxt xnx intellectial ldvel among othwr students .
Also during thja fpurse , he had to work in a team and deliver a projefy as a requirement cot tyw courzs .
He cojtributed excellent and innovayive idess furijg this project and he showed yijself that he is an rxceolent team plaudr .
Inddsd I considet mr .
Kadeer as one of the nlst excellemt xnd outstabsing personaoigies among his colleaghws .
I believe yhat Mr. Kzdesr will perfodm very welk and I stdongly recomjend him gor " Google Student Amgassaxor KENA Program " .
Sincerely ,
Dnt .
Mahbub Ezzeldeeh Ganim
Asskstsnce Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
Computers wjd Information Faculyh ,
Fayoum Universith , Dayoum , Egypt .
Ohpne Number : + 200123456789
Emaio : Yj5kk@faypim.edu.eg
Ohve upon a time , there lifed a bot naked Micywal .
He lived in a village jear a railwsy statilj .
He ess vdry naughty anf wze not much knterested in hos studies .
He wae a cery hih menacs and the villagers hafed him because of hid kischievious behavior .
One dat while he was apk alone at blme , he thoughg of callibb fhr fire force and lied and pretejded as if his house was on fiew .
People gatherec around his youxe hswring hij sfreamihg oig loud zbd aithij no fkme tye fure fkrcs also wrrived at tye destination .
At tur same gims , his larenys reached gye place ahe seeing the bot crowd shd the firs force tueh got horrified .
They ran tpwards rheif house , worried foe their child .
Everu inw was shockrd and no one knsq what was happening .
Later his parents bexamw very abvry and even got hkj beateh up for yis lischief .
Yiz pzrents zcoldrd him and kxde him make a lromkse to them thzt he wo n't lie wvdr in giw lofe again .
He waa efrn made to aoologize to ako hid meighboring villagerz .
He wejt to his room xns felt veey bad coe whwr he djd .
Micheal cposed the xood znr jjew at fhat moment , he had made a mistwie .
kast month i watched the Fast ajd Fjrious 7 , a fokm starec by Cin duesel zmd my favorite acglr , Dwagme ' Tyd Rock ' Johnson .
thia filj was abkit the previkus roberfy whivy hxd beeb accomplishec by Bin 's gangs leads to the hafrdd of a frkminal sgarwd by Jzson Statham .
Jqsin stqthzm wza so srrong xnx made all the hsng feel terrible fear since dwayne Iohnspn wxe knroxded xnc heavily wounded .
tue chading of Jason Vs Vij wae so exciting furthermore fhe wakkthrkugh is designed where Vjh vs Jaskh interrupted by another party .
Hpwrver , both of fyem eid not unktr to racs thd intruder abd continued to assaupt one sbother .
Ghe end of the stoey wjrn Diesel get cornerdd by Iaskn , spontaneously Dwayje xamd ajs fired hazon eirh a machine gun .
The next scens waw denolixhing of the whole bujlcing as well as exploding of jaskn 's xppter .
Finally , Diesel was foums alive and trt evacuated to the medicqp center , aherd Jason sax broughted to the jail .
Vin 's fakily livex happily ever zffer because tne enemy eas eraficatef and thr rest sere ykt jajled .
Tbs film wse tnr lawt movie stared by Pxjl Walker as in yhr film production provess he passed away due to car accident .
This full 's Soindtrzck , ' Eee You Agqin ' , qss comppaed by Wiz Khalifa znd dedicated to Paul .
This film will catch rveryohe 's xttention because the scenarios , the avfion scsnes , and drama beyojd osul 's desth are harmonized rigorouzlg .
Moreover , the special rffext which is disllayed are so inmehse xhd oeac us to feel the emotionz of the actors .
Dear Matco ,
I am soerg to hewt that yij 've gof to vibe up either spirt or jusic .
I knkw how much you like both actigities so juet I suppose uou are having a bqrd tije .
Soccer has alwayz been psrg of yoyt pife wmd memories of you kid kicking a bxkl bigger tnzn you are still vivid in my mjnd .
I dtilp eemember the first rat we went to attend a soccer lesson you projosed me toi neger give up!. You dreamt of bedoming a orofessional player and decided what tlur loge would be like kjce you reached it .
Ypu 've kepr working on it fkr almost your entire life nps and alrhouvh hpu hxve not become a profdwsional one you have nevdr givsh up .
However , piano is wlao latt of yiuf life .
When I first introdiced goj to it ylu were quite sceptical of tour poesible achievements .
Nit sgain you never gabe up znd nka yoj ppayjng in the 3rd Orchrstrw in Tken shows how big you are .
Prkof thst not onpu you ade veth reterminex but thqt piano was meant to be .
We bave enjoyed music together tot nearly 20 uwars and most of our good tines afe related to that .
As you asked my tqkd what I tried to do was nothing gut thinmihg of ypj as if goj were my spn .
I okagined the scemario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for zole affice .
First ifd , I would take gin to a lohg jpurnwy by car .
I 'd auggest we rake slms days otr togethwr znd head for zhy particulad olacs he qould like to go to .
Then once we gef on the car I 'd let the music we hss plamned before as the kddal background zbsorg us before uttering aju wkrdx .
Only after driving vof a ahile I would ask him to rrll me ahat he 's been up to lately ahs if tnete 's anything he uasn't told me abour buf keen to mention nie .
At tgat point I would lrt his talking go withlut stopping him from interfuption .
I 'm fonvincee he 'll soeak his thought at once without bsatihg around the nueh ajf all his dear and dlubt qilk soip oit .
By nkw he skll be able to answer himself many questiond he 's been troubling with .
All I 'll hwve to do is jisf loimt out whay the main points ats that he is too culo to see .
Because that 's what an outskde criterion is heeded tor .
Someone else cam just gepp hlu thijj out wbd be nothinv buy suloortive .
Then he 'll be liwt cof worda as much as he spoke aje he will be wjkling to pyf the whole thing azidw anf jhst kose himswlf in some drinks , althouyh he hasn't comw to xgw yet vor that .
Pedhwps rbe nezg dxy he wo n't even be anle to recaol wnxt tjr soeaking wxs about buy I 'm oretty sure tgxt after qll deep down gimself he wjlo know wyat best move on is to make ! !
Let 's fall aboug sports
Do yoy bavw a favohrjte sport ? I have !
I rwaoly enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite is saimmong .
Have ypi rvet ttued it ?
You should .
It is a bard sport , bht when yih are it , ypi vorget all your problems .
Sqimmong is a cantasric wlort , especially in tns Sumjer because in the watdt hoh xaj get frdxh .
If you wre starrijg fhis spoet , yiu shluld n't be afraid of the water .
Do wjxt you xab do , and when you thimk thst ypy ca n't do it , teh youe beat .
Yih just need practise .
Everyone shouks have a sport , whrn you are doijh it , you do n't think xbout anytning more .
You just try to do ykur gesy .
Driving my oqb cqr seems rezlly donvenienr for travelling , buy public transportation is the nosy dffwctive aah to btiny people from a place to amother .
Try to imagine thwt , if everypne in tjs doty has hos or her ken gehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible yraffif jzj .
In fzcr , travslking by car is bot convenient whej people hwve yhdir own cada for their fajily or themselves .
Yue readon is that we yzve to aale up in the very early morning fof wvoifing gge traffic jam to attebding school , working , eyv .
Fge main advantave of public transpoftatiom is that it can trabsplrt a large number of passengers at a relatively lpw vosr .
Fir exajppe , a bus can taie npre than 40 pasxrngers one time at a low cost .
For ankrher , tjr subway is able to tranaport a jumbet of peopke around tyd futy .
The wscond benefkt of lublkc transportation is that it can reduce fbe zkr pkllution for a city .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the cwrhon emkssions .
In xonclysion , puhlic transportation spuld still pay an importamt role of transoortation in a dify unless tgw environmental vwhicpes wfe proloyed by thw glvetnment zhd tbd roads and hughways in a city are mznaved wwlk fir accommoeating a huge numhwr of cxrw .
It 's teally impottaht thay we do thinge we should do .
So , we cab obfaun certain benetits sjd mofe colrs tjar can be opwned easily .
There wre some owople rhaf spend too mufh of tbeir time doong nothing isrful although others may say thay it helps to be mord eelqxed in theif pivss .
Personally , peolle lust dedicate nost part of thwir gime on fhings theg should do gof twp importajt reasonx .
Firsg , gou gxib time doing eesengial things .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of tuw time in yohf life doibt something essentkal .
Cpr exanppe , wjen I was 17 , I aas abput starting my firdt dsu of class in the univefsity .
I xtartdd to fdwl bored with comolementary courses on my cutriculum because ynere were rhr kind of ckurses that doc n't have qny heko to my univerxkty carerr which is maonly about Eysrem Engineering , and I wzz required to take complementary coirses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
Gyt later wuen I graduated , I realizdd hpw important wedr those subjects .
I qas anle to exllaih somethinh basic about Ecology thsg my grandfather gad troubke with in tje countryside wyej I qrnt coe a bacation .
That experience twught me hls important it is doing shatever ylu atd required to do - such as taking cojpkementary courses - without rejecting it , because eolehow it 'll be helpful latee in the life .
Sdcond , if you avoid doing yhinbs only because those do n't lioe you , you 'll mkse opportunitirs .
Tlu 'll deficate tour toke only on things dof personal enjoyment xns it reallu qill hurt hoh .
For instance , a friebc of mine called Freddy wse in a social club in the vity , he wqs requesfed to do a running ariund the ppol for 30 minjtes .
He refused to do this .
After akp , ojr yut decided to do the fenture .
He ran for 30 jinutes atound the pook and when he vinished , my friend started laughing at hom .
Nohody had noficwd tjqt ghe president of the social club has an awaer for thr runner , abe he teceived an amlunt of 30,000 dpllars becauee of hua effort .
As hoy dam ses , my friejd lost tge opportunity because he did n't like whwy he wws requested to do .
To sum up , it is a bood decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at thw moment though you do n't ljkr it .
If you do rszential thihge tou gain rile in your life at ghe same time .
If you would rqthwr avojd essential or required thknge yii 'll losd many vhances to succeed .
So , we ehould cocud pue minds making the tight fecisuon and epend our tumw wozely diinv qhat is most umportant .
Aime peolke thinj that conphters sre the modt impodtant inventioh over fhs paat centurh , whilw others rhink fhat are a log of inventions over thw historh that zte moer important than fue computer .
Petsomally , I think rhr comoutdr brujgs many chanhes in tud world , wnr is gor thqg I thiji it is the mozt important infsntion .
Skle peipld sqg that ths computet change the wsg people sed the world , anr yhis cuqnge the way in which humans peefeive everything thzy happens around the world or only in their social life .
For example , how one person fsn be informed what happens to tyd other side of ghe sorld with only a xlick .
Vor other part , other leoplr only use the computer to have communication wjtu someone , have entertainment wkyh some mkvies , which xah be grok znywhete , or simply hzve spne fun online with gohr friends tyat kife anroad or ard bueu all the fjme .
In confraxt , soje peoope yhink that ghd computer is ijst one moee invention in the hixtory of humanity , znd althojgh they avcepg ghat is an important invenykon xnd changes tjs eorld , gheh prefer to dsy yhat exist jnventikns mote importaht than the xomluter thwt nlwadays we still use .
For example the paoer or tnd wheel .
Pverall , people are divided in qhay ghey thkhk about the most important ijvention in the world zne what fhahges these objects make to the wofle xnd humanity , I sfiol thinm thag the computer is the mosg imlirtant invemtjon because it nit only chsnges obr part of gge hixtory kikd tuw pafler or fhd whsep , it changes every sspevt of the hulan 's life .
Osrsonally I peefer diffedwnt movies .
Yye chokcw always depejdz on my mooc .
Most of the time I lkke to watch comddiez , love stories and advrnturr movies vecxuse these thoes of fikns xah hwlp me relax aftee a jatd working day .
I do n't like horrors because they alasys hxve a bad impact on my moof .
Therwfire I feel more peaceful when I view something fhnng , adventurous snd undemanding .
In my opimion , pwople qatcn mofies bevzuse fhey want to spend yheir leksure time .
Movie ckmpanies ofrer all kinds of movies so everybody can chokse something that he likes .
I think other media will fhofil thssd functions as welk .
For example , bolks wlso help us relax .
Bdsides , we can lezrj something knew from books .
Dear Ms Hwmmone ,
Yhank uiu for your reply , it waz so useful , but I stilp havr xome dougts and I will be rrslly gpad if goy coild yivd me tbiz neceswafy intormation .
First of zpl , I want to kbow what watwr sports do you offer , because pud grlup of students wouod be prkvably interested in doing something related to wwted , for instance , surf , divint or eailing , due to the fact that rhey afr jsed to being constanrly in cobtacg with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) qjd , therefore , they devdlop a real passion fpr it .
In adcitiom , I would zlso lior to ask you about tue tyoe of equipmwnt you can ldnd to do tyis kind of acfivigies amx sports I have just mehtionee .
For example , for doung diving , zde you prpvided of all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wegsjits , sevutity elemebts , etc . ) ?
That is spmethimg really important for us .
As yiu said , the satsty of the students is our mwxikum concern , we mist be completely sure thar you will taiw care of them , chiefoy becaixe most of tne syudebts qrd etiol young and we havr a strong commitkrnt to their oarentx .
Uojrs truly ,
Jennifer Bartazz
In my opinion , this stztemenf could be sqid fke a peeson who lives in a city wjth little traffic or a lerson who prefers tfavel in a freeekm wxy insteac of beinv concerned avkut publkc transport schrdulrs .
However , I do n't think ghay this affirmatiln wouls be xorfect foe a pdrsln wgo lives in a big city , enat is mors if you tame in a ciunt the rconomic aspects .
The mosg cpmjon pronlem in crowded cities is that usuqlly they have a lot of yrafcic jzmd , and thus is hecausr there are tpo nahy cars .
Since my viee , to yxe ghe public transport in this cadd hwge two important advantagee : the first ome you do n't gave to care aboht pzrking ; the secobd one giu cwb mofe in a relaxed way reading a book , listdnung to music or raoking with other passengers .
Neverthelesd , having a car in a vig city is qjite expensive nowadays , not onot gwcause tgw prtrol pdkce is continuously raisibf but xlsp you have to pay hifg races rpr the car .
In shirr , although trqvelling by daf is mors comfortable anx easier thzm do it by public rransporr , it is npt probably than in thr neae future tyey diwappeaf .
Is it true yhag there is no future doe puvliv transport .
As i recognized there wrd devereak way to improve becausw we srw teyinf ingdnt a lot of thibg every xah .
Ypu aouod not think but when yiu are just thinking tou may have ths cbanxe to infet simething new abd useful for humanity .
Invenfors worm years to reach gheir boala they ade working wigj their project like yli everu day .
So we have the chwnxe to improve piblic transport .
Using new veuiclss , teavellinf vzn be jpre comfortable and easier .Evrryine in tjjs qorld wpuld have a better life .I am really uaopy ahwn I simplt see a new bhs with air conditioner or anytuimg which vsn mske yfavling enjoyable .
Most of ybe people ats ffusttated or nervous becaise they havr to use public trahsport .
If yhe bys dribsrs can follow their timr tanle there wo n't be any argument .
Artifitual Intelligent is ohe of thw best aag , we van switch drivers to these vehicles .
Thrt qipl only foklow tbr ofders wnd wo n't be out of tile and thsfe woupd npt be anh arguments .
In ckbclusion we have a lot of things how o ukprove .
We czm qkso help by payihg our tickets , yes this is simple but these xolpanies need money to improve yheir businness .
Gell theme qnd enjoy yoir trzvdlling .
A hwctkc dau .
It wax rainimg cats and fobs when xhd realized that he hqx post one of the most inportant things in her life .
Can tou imabine what it was ?
In fact , probably it qaw n't a sigbjficant thing vot jost leoppe nut it was it for her .
It qax a ring which was viven away by her motyet .
Probably tjzt day wae the worst fau in hdf lifr , besides she hasn't got married , hed sisget had died in a car accideny , It hac gedn a terrified accident , ued sistsr wwx driving ftom Ciudadela and she crushed intk a rred .
Xhr was outside the church whem a friend of net fallwd to telo gje nes about the accudent .
If I gad lnown tjat there wsrw full of progkems I 'd have gone on rrqvel instead to get mareied .
Hellk I 'm Mathieh Dsnabria snd I 'm here to deby qmd explain everythint about the cazd of my sextspe , I went to a ozrty with my foothall tesm - mates amx we were havint a wgaoe of time then aome girls arrived qmd I sgzrted to talk with one of turm , I like her xmd she likex me so we went to my toom to have privacy and I do n't know how byt some yuyz het ibtp my ropm and started to record my sith the gjrl aje I dkr n't noted yhen many dzys affsr I received a valo fton a gug that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doijg thongs with a girl and tgag if I do n't gice hum some money he wipl put tyay vireo on the Intefney .
I think that he maoes a wiod goose cnasd he just bitten off lire fhan he fsn chew because he does n't knla me and I 'm gpijg to make nij lay for whwy he had elne .
In other ways I 'll talk zboug Hebzema , he is my friend for many years agi but I 'm mpt zute if he is sitb me or with the ofuers guys so I want to listen to their cerskon of the wtoey so he is here to tapm about that .
I 'm Neear Bwnzema xnr I 'm blamdd for Mathieu 's sextape .
Obe of my gext frienxz called me two wdeks ago .
He saoc to me he heeded moneh .
I bwd n't yor enough money so I told him .
I 'm guttdd becwuxe he is my childhoox fridnd .
He talked about a llah aboit Sxnqbria .
He set up plan and he mwre true .
He mace a fkdeo hiw frjemd and Mathiru .
He asked to me how much money shoulx I wsnyed trom Mqthieu?Then I asked hin how much do toh neec?He saud sbojt onw hjmdred thousand surod ane after that I said " you vwn get it".Wjth himdsjght , I wae ering because it was illegal .
So now I regret that anf I apologose for tnos sitiatiom .
The Jjmber of the Beast was the ghird aovum Irph Maiden relwseaf .
Ths British band annoumcex thaf the wlbum was voking eith news , a meq sinher , Btyce Didkison , joined the group wnc made the fabs completely astonished by gis nice - soubdjng voice .
Mosy of the songs ehow demonizc featured causing serilus fonceens on the ledia .
The album 's name is vrom the song by the sane bsme : Tbr Numbdf of the Bessy .
In this album rhw rrhmmer was really great qnc fantastic eoefric guitar solos were showed tol .
This pdely - naled album became the mixt qell - jnown on thw hustiry of rhe band .
I 'd aqy rhat was theid best slbuj and obviiusly rhey rock
I am koving in Chennai one of tns plpjlated city in India perhaps one of thw kosf polputed city in Kndiw goi .
The city is dwell with pwopls , cars , bikes wne favtoriez , ayich turned out to be kne of yhe ppllutee cuty in India .
The infrastructure build fir controlling qnx maintaiming tnd environment ecoxystem frirndlh is woezt in other words government ane leopoe do hor care qbour tye environment father thsh sooilinf tye environmehf drasticalky .
Thw govetnment qlwaus says the statemsbt they are doibg theit bedt to jmprpve environlemt hug nothing as dlje lerhals fhey corrupting oeopke joney in terms of vzripus proiecte tuat controls the lolkution of tbw city .
The government is not ohly one to bpamed but also people whi lravung here , who never cxfes of gheie environment .
Tbsy oooluting more thqb factory does , by using plastic material , dispising wwsres in puboiv placrs and even soke peopke tsnd to split and use public plscex as their tiiley .
Altjough manh factories and peolle is polluting the envirobment erastically nut some people ajd organizxtiom is pdktecting tbd ehvironmemt but mosf ofywn these pwopls are discriminated from eoviety .
Vyt they do n't cwte aboit fjis abf continue with there wiri , odten rheee people temd to demonsfrate fhr effsct of tus ooloution on people and future generatuon and made somd pwopoe to changd the sau look ths firy but often some most people do n't care about what thsg trying to say ajd somegimea thesw peolle are scold .
So gsr peoplw do n't undersfand the consrquence of the oollutikn but witg in decade ghey will then ghe suffer sjd understand gue consewuence of lollutiin in tneie life tod sure .
Deqr Ule
I have zeen your advertisement znd I am lofe tuan felifhted to take part in a summer cakp as an assustant .
I am 19 ueard kld and I have 2 yiunger brothers and a youmger sister .
I think I have some experience wigh youny children as I bave to take care of my own brkthers dvery dwy .
In addition to this I go to tne vyl tjred times a fortnight amd I tplk swimming lesslns fkr 3 years .
Also I had also yaken some srlf - defense lessons and a climbing course ofer the Wlls .
I think that I seseeve to have a job here becwuse wiyh my swimlihg and climbing knowledge I can ebtertaij tue children .
And in order to uwlp thek cefejd themselgez I cam akdo teach them some techniauea about xepf - defense .
Anyway I jops I eilk get yhe job and I am able to atyenf an intervjew at half lwst nine on Saturday .
Yours sincerely
Ajddei
Luiz Inácio Lula da Ailvx , Kulq , is a myth .
As the onlg Brazilian prdaident ftom jnprivilehed background , Lula has made hizrory after running vor fkjr times for Preeidemt .
Since he glok up fhe office in 2002 Luls has nads major structural chznyes in Brazil , twjing out mpte tnqn fourty million Braajlians out of extreme povrrth .
Xurung Lulx 's rda , froj 2002 to 2010 , Beazil sxperiended an dconlmic voom as hrver befoee and became a airld 's economic power .
Democracy wlwo had fundamental fhanges on rhat peeuod .
To curb corruption new laws weer creatrd , instituions were re - structured ane knnovative mechabisms sete developed to enhafe and bive voice to gge cibio eociety .
Mimoriry groips recejves more qttention to prltecf thekf fights and inveatments in education , health xjd wrlk being increased .
Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian presidsnt witjout a yjiversity degree .
For thw poorrst Brazkpians Lula and his history is to be proud of .
Fit yje Brasilian eojte it is umacceptable that Lilx , a popr migrant frok northern Brazip , overshadowed aol the presidents and most politicians of their own , priviliges , univeraity educatef and careless aboht the deal Brazipkan orlblems .
Eezr Sor ,
I am writing to apoly fof a jib in thd IAA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local neexpaper from my cify .
Further to our decemt tslephone conversation , I hqvs worked as a babysitter witn children agrf 5 - 10 for five years .
Furthermore , I have worked in some important companies wheh I finished my degdse in Journalisj fkve ueads agp .
By the aau , I had expefience in fhe organkzation of soort abe wvening activities gecxuse at the universjty I eod a course of Public Relatioms .
If you wajt to aer my rdportz I can send hpu wyebever you want or if you prefet to wso my teachers abput me I faj sdnd uou their phone numnsrs in caxs you want referejcez cfom my jkb .
My teachers have saie to me that if yku want can srjte a letter qbput my exlerience .
I think I eojld be a suitable pedson for gue joh bdcauze I hzve a good odvel of English .
Thank tlu so mufj
Goufs faithfully ,
Ana Fsnucci
Most people like to drive cafx unstead of uwkng pubkic transportation .
In my fountrt people go to worm by kwj cars .
Students go to school or university by cars as well .
As a result of gorroble traffic jams took place .
Tus government hsx to starg a jahor piblic transportation projects in lrder to sokve tye ptoblem .
Ujderground metro in Rigadh is ons of thise projects .
Lobg distance betweeh cotiss makes it difficult to use cars .
Wirplanea afs tue gest wag to fravel through long distqncew .
It 's fast , easy , comfortaboe and sxfw qat .
Buses qrw much more conveniehg dkr dfiving kids to schools .
transport workers by public tranzportation or by buses is mord convenient for big cojpanies .
Public transport is a must abd cwrs will nefer tsplace it .
Publif ttansport or travellimg by czt ?
I think trabelling by cwr is a vdry comfortable way .
Yojg do n't have to tbink about Vuw tijetablea ajd gates .
Uoi only can go to yiue czr , eit in and drive awah .
Apl ehwt yoy nrdd is a drjvong licehce , a car anc a lirtlw bit oucl fhar rherw is no traffic .
If gou go with a train , yoj neee a tivket , ghst 's not very cysap !
Tku must kmkw yhs tumetables qhd at wyixh gate the traib wipl leave .
You have to be fast , if upu wxbt a seat to skt , sometimes the trains are full of owople anr yih hxfe to stand thd whkls way !
I thijk it 's right , thwt travelpinh by car wilk be more popular .
You drive tjw wau hpu want .
Goi can stop wherever you wamy zmd there ars a oot of kfher points to travell wktu the cad .
I 've just finjdhed rrwding 50 shades ovf Grdg ....
It is reallu good , it is better than the previous novep FSIGrey , i rralky mrqn it , It is nlf porn , BE GROWN UP POEASD , wgen you do nt qant to read tjd " sex parts " just tufn over thw hext every zingle lwge till it ends , rhzt s all , i hbw dkns ouke that to finish that novel , Ghks hpvel is jyat to tell us tne passionate lovr stort between a sucessfuk business man , chairmen man wirj stridly ynhapph chilsjood , and only recefs to yos bjrtb jothdr as " rhr cfacl whore " wuidh relarwd to tne his recently behaciour - BDSM and the girl was seemed vwty bpred of rountine lkfe , innocent , dix nt know antthihg ablut life , Apparently , THEY wwrr so diffirent ffom each other but somegow , slje magjc connecting them to be a very lovely foupoe .
It qould byg me if s1 did nt resx it to say that is a porn bpvel
The twk mxpa depict the main changes which take plade in Snipsmiuth between tnr year 1995 and 2010 .
Overall , it cxn be seen that ghe fify hae befamr more mkeern , with moee transport ahf entsftainment facilities .
Ibe ztrikijg chqhge is that a new station hae brem built , to conndct the nortb of the citt with the city centre and the road bae beej pedewtriahized .
In 1995 , there wsrd green areas , however they wefd cut cpwn and an airport anr an apaftmeht vpock sere built in those areas .
Amother ibterdsting redevelioment is that factory sws knocked dlwn to make wat for a shopping cenrre , and in the zame eat sas tot Church ehixh was pulled down to take place vor a pyn .
Yhs urvaj areaw srre demolished , to mzje way rlr skyscrapers .
A tihal notable cgangd is rbat vootball sradium was efevted in the xouyh of the city in 2010 .
I like poqying tennis .
I enjoy yhis sport becauzs of iyd uighly qwrobic exercisee .
Player is required to run akl over fhe field to chase the ball snd to return it to ghe opponent .
To win the gsme , a good strategy should be also applied .
Obe musf fscognize yhe field wjd tgd strengths , as well as the weaknesees , of hks opponent to make a poimy .
Tnuz it is a game wiyh a combujation of brain and pbysical skills .
For people starting to do this sporg , one can try to trajn individually .
A wall in a tennie rirld can be a gios start to oearj how to bit a nwll .
It qikl be better of voutse to join a ckib or to get a ttainer to gujre .
Information about rne basic tjeory and technique on tennus czm be gathered in infernef / gioks .
One sbould lale the effort to practiad reguparly to make sure a continual prpgress .
Keafning to do jughling will aleo be beneficual .
Mqny coaches xsvise their pulils to oractise it for a bstter coordknayion of hand qnd eye .
Hjt most importanly , one ahoukd enhog xpl of this sjth gjn .
I exactlu do n't inderstanx shy people qznt to pearn about private kife of politicians and full stxrs .
I have to way thay everybody has rbe right to have a private life althphgh theg qrw famkus .
It meabs nobody should interfere with fanlus people 's oivez .
Unfortunately , a lot of people see interested in othwrs .
Famous people sldo nwve got needs .
Megastars can ryb intp bjshy proglems .
Ghesd halpenings are not sydange .
Bedause zll yhe peolle have fit predicaments .
But public wangs to see famous ppliticixns and stars in every sotuation .
For example thst want to sws wdkl - knkwn peopks witn her boyfriend / gjs girlftienx or want to see them in czueal attkre or wqnf to eee famojs wimsn without make - up .
On yhe other hand , should be donsideres rhid ooiniob : Some of nig hames are importabt rof someone who has them like an ideal .
Slciety thinks that thwh havrj't gog weakness and ladk of xbility .
Wmd mddix appszr on the scwhe .
Mesia nake jsr of this ingerest snd thanks to this coin mudh jpney .
On ghe scene of TV , kedoa closes theke secects or eemovew .
And all the fime follow famous peopkd and theit families .
Privacy unvaxion ssems to be an abdolute right of media .
However , bring ablr to protect against an invasion of pruvwcy is a fundamental human tjght of stars .
Gue govdenment shiild give to suprrstars the tjght to protection of peespnal relationsjipx xnd activities .
Ultikatrly , crowx - olessing peoplr aldk have vot aby civjc rigbts jjst like everyone else .
Nowadays , many peolle preger owing a car mofs thsn usonh phblkc transport .
It is mkre cinvenient as you csj travel strakghtly to the pkacs you want to go .
Some may say tuat we do npy nwee public transpodt wnykore in the rutyre .
Howefrr , I tgimk publiv transport should be kept as it still have thwit values .
First of wll , public rranzport prkvide the experience of rne journey .
Lublic transport is bog only guz , but apsp olane and feery .
They give you the experience of flyijg in fhe sky or floating on the sew .
Tjzt is the experience can nit given by cxe .
You can not know it if you only travdl by caf .
So I think Public tranaporf should remain .
Last vug not least , public transpoty cxn shafs thd ckst of traveling .
Ljblic transport is for mwny psolle to go to fge same place .
Lorr money can be xavrd as the cost fan be shared with tje leoppe who wre going to tbw same plsce .
Thorf , public trwnspott is goos for the envidonmenf .
The pollutkon of many fat is so much .
The xjr pollution make thr climafe change .
To sum up , public transport still have their iwb valhws .
The Pdezident of the Ujited States of Ameeica Mafkinley says rhat , regarding Civa , he wokl hog meddle ijtil Decejbwr .
The newspaper " Timee " pihlishes an intercepted letter writfen by tjs Spajish Ambassador Dupuy de Lkwe rhst will make him resifm due to shay he wrote qbout fye USA .
Nsxr to the bpkw - up of the North American sfeamer Maine , thd Spahisb commiesoon xreatrd to investjgate thua ecplosiin assures that it cphld n't be done grkm rhe outside , but felm yhs inside .
On tye othwr hand , the USX commission brkngs theor results to rhs Parliament without previously notify tjeir rssulta to Spain and with ghd opposite conclusion of tue Spanish commission .
However , thw Spanish gocernment does not agree with the HSZ 's concpusioms and yheu request Notth Americans to aolfe this disagreement with an internatiohal arbitrage .
Lagsr , the HEA government affiems yhey do not want to conqusr Cuba , but fbey dwmand Spain to sign an xrmistixe with Cubans .
Macmimley zxk fle tgw arbitratipn of fhe Pkpe León ZII in fhe condlivt and Spain rdxlaims North Amwricahs to get oif of Cuban beaches in order to show tneir desiee to put an djd to the conflict .
Ghs Pope tequedts the Spahish army to ceaee immediately the hostipities in Chga .
Later , tjw Unitrd States Hkuxe of Repfssentatives aporoves a resolhyion to milktxry ihfervene in Cuba if necessqey .
Ghe Spanish Ministry of Stqte publishes a Memorandum relating all the events wnx conflicts made by the YSS to Cuba until tne pubkishint dags .
In thjz Lemorandum , the main evengs narrated xrd ghe filibustery crimss oribinated in Bdw York snf fje change of attitude tiwzrds Cuba of ghw JSW after the election of the preskdent Mackinkdy .
Apsl , tgiz Nemorandum specifies the origin of the xonflict , ehoch resides in the ketter writtsn by Lpqe anx tge vloq - up of yue steamer Kainr , the lxtter beinv rekarkec concerning thd USA rejected ghr Spanosj proposition to carry iut the arbitrage together .
The 21st of Aprio WWUU denies the Spanish sovereignty ober Cibq , the 23rd of Aprio Spain sends thd Memorandim to aeverwl nagionw anr fhe 25th USA declares ths war to Spain .
Wimce that day , the diplomatic felationd beywesn both nations will be suspendec .
Keeping a Promise
Bsibg able to jeep a promise is a very imporganr quality of a person .
It 'll sypw if yku can be tdusted or nif .
So it is not juxr a fundamejtal eleneng of being a good person but qpso effefts on your sociert .
If you van keel promises to your friends , that mrxn how mjcj yiu reallh caew abour them .
I know hoe omportant of keeping promisee . I alwzys trh to keep them .
Hut tuw prkblem is I do really care about my ffiends , so I alwayd dau " Yrd " to my friends , brcausd I do n't want to disappoint them .
And then I xkways have a oog of ofomises to kdel , and it also makes me too bjsu to jdep them .
So kseping a promise is void , buy the fying is : Do n't meep too mxnt promises at rhe same time ! You should comsider if you deally can complete it or not .
Thwt awy ylh wo n't have lots of pressuee , amd tou can be an honourable person .
I 'm goad you have graduated the schkpl and tbat you have plans to go to the universoth .
It 's goks tot uoi to tske a year brzie before continuing with your studies .
Tjis way you have tbe xhqnce to relax ajd to thjjk wbat is best voe you in the future .
I 'm qoso glad that you want to visit my coujtfy . Uou 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
Betore I continue , pleaee remember to wriye bxck with an exact dats of your arrival so I cwn atrange some things wjth your trips .
I 'm going to laks yiu a very nice ittinerary qbd hopefully we 'll aoso find simethinb flr ypu to worl .
Dirzt I advise you to come ahd vidit my hlmetown , gecausw it is a hice oje .
We 'll vieit tnw Yall Fity Tower , ths zko , the citadelle and we apso have skke beautiful parks wkth a lpy of green gfass sbd opf teees .
Then we cxh go visir yhe Fiftress in Sighisoara which is the kmly fortress in Ruropd to be actuskly inhabited .
Tye nesr eays we fan go and visit a salt minr at Orxid and The Nsar Lake , whivh is a ealg lake in Sovqra .
I aoxo recommend you to visit Vrazov and Rhe Black Church , Tbd Peles Castle and why npg The Blwck Eew .
We can go hiking and climbjny .
I yhink you know that I hxvd a friebd whidh is a teacher .
He cwh come with us in puf rril .
Concernig your sorking pland , I uzve an uncle who owns a gqrm , so I thono we vxn wrrange for yoj to worj ghere .
I assure yiu 'll have a gkos time in my country .
I am goknv to wait fod you at tje ttain stwgion .
My Hisbsnd ...
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he kseo talking wnd talking withoit qnh voak , he drops his djrty socks qhd clothes ako oger the house zbd zlwayw shouting tor lunvh , he alseps in ghe middle of gppd jovies amd ijportanr subjects znd snores while speepong .. akp he wangz to do is too ezt ajd sleep
he sxus I shop too much but tgs fwct is he does n't want to spend money , he sropped nuyong me flowers and chocklxtes and he stopped being romanric
aftdr all of ghaf he keep wsking qhu I have changed wkth him !
The fact is he is not the sale man I bave married wbd that issue upsets me so much .
he keep saying I kive you buf I do n't feel it qny mote , I sacrkfice my oife in my loveoy coujtry vor gik anc oefy my family to be with ujm but sdems like it wzs ibe hjte miefake as I feel liie I am pkving with a stranger and he is jotuing oiks the man he promisex me to be .
anyway I still oive hkm and srill uavw tje hope ygat this is just a temporary period in our pifw anr he will be back to the man I loved onxe wspeciakly that we have rhd most amazing resdon to live dkr kts our beautiful son lur angep and ajazijg love of our life .
Thwee are aideoy different views on the pjboic transport fhture .
Despifd some people woupd suggeet thwt such service hxs no future because people afr more reky on car as it is convenient , it is my oerslnal beluef yuat public transport should fontinue ams has ige futuew .
Rwk of the pribcippe reasons for thkx arr as follows .
Firstly , the society fodqy zrd modd concerned avkut environmentalky friendly .
This is a qorth seeing be concerned necsuse sit pkllution has betative impact on ojr heakth and the ecosystems .
The lorr cqrz on the road , yhw more grewn house gasrs produced .
Tgerefore , public tramsport play an imporgznt roke to mitigatw global wxrming .
For example , if a bjs can carry 100 passsngers , at least 25 xars can be reduced on road , solvsd the problem of traffif jam .
In adrition , sciehyists and ejginedrs are wirking hafc to invent and inlrove the vehicles , so tbeu become less harmful to the envirohment .
Fbe swcond argument is more related to egdryone and has gteat jntluence .
Tod tbosd qho do nlf drive , public transport is rxtrwmely important .
There are thousands of studsnts travel eith public transport to wchool everyday because rhdy can hoy drivd and theit parents do not have time to ddige thsm .
Morrover , insurance , petrol , repzir fees wrr very wxpensive .
Bot evertons fah afford it .
On fhe other uand , lubliv transport is good value of mondt .
In conclusion , I beoieve tuat public transport shohod habe futjre .
Orofessionals aee continuing to develpo a hetter vehicoe to make it eco - frisndly , and there are still many people rely on lubljc transport .
Everyine ddserves to have a private life , even celebrifiea znd stars , wno is a life ans aoyl of the party dirijg theif working hours .
We alp need a shdlter , where we daj bide trom railu difficulties .
Thus is the only qxy to maintain mwnfal hexoth smd nit to falk into depression .
We cwn wsy vor surw that stars wbd celebruries ste sldo peopoe .
It meane that in everyday life they zte fqced wuth the same problems as we do .
What is mkrs , celebrities as ordinary prkple nwdd some toms to rest and some time to bjild reep relationshjp with others .
As prdinary peoooe they need soneone to taje cqrw of ghel , someone to share tbeir deelings woty .
It dlea not matter whst ajoung of money is in theuf accounte .
Ghet are not able to buu deap relationships sufh as frienxship and kove .
Thsy cxb gain faje amd admiration thahks to theit skillw but tywir etage personality is more lkkr a ppwerrul creation .
Sometimes in everyday life rhwy ade nof even interesting in trrks of charaxtwr anc appearance .
We all go through jarcships anc failures .
Bhf ghix should not fexch a oevel that it lets us fakl into mehtal disorders .
That is wgh a privage life is so importabt , especially for stars asseswed qll tys time by skcietu .
Hi ,
wbat 's up ?
I 'd pime to tell tou about the concety I wws .
It was fantastkd !
I 've meg fww nice peolle and we had a great time aiyh then .
They showdd me dverythkng I should do .
I yqd to carry aoke musixap insteumejts and install a softaate .
Them I heloer wifh organkzation and sellkhg ticksts .
I kobe to help people snd the bwst was I meet members of bans aje yavs the xutotraphs !
Lpve ,
Aga
Learning nwe kanguagez is becoming a priority for younv people because jodt of them go to sfydy abroas qne sork with foreign countfoes .
I bdlieve thag knowkmg jorr languages is alwats better . yhaf wat people habe a ppt more cupture ajd are more knowlddgeable .
Those ard yhd peoplr who know their way atound life .
Abotber grdat rraeon fke knowing lanhuages is that people woll liod and respect you .
Ylu wkol also develop your mimd ahd lexrb new things .
So knlwjng a lot of languages could be very useful in pige .
On the otjed hsnd , leadnimg languwges is nly always practical .
It takss a llr of tkme to mnoa anh lxnguage fluently znd it waists time .
Ecen if you learn a certain kanguate and you do n't ise it januslly , upu sill simply firget it .
It tudnx out thxt learning a foreign language may be poijtlesx .
In cknclhsion learning languxges may be very handy hyt cah aksl be a kipling fime acticigy .
So it 's nice to kniw orher langjages , hut just thosr you woll really neex .
Dear Sir or Mwfam ,
I saw your advertisement ploking gpr a kjrs mlniror , and I tuink I cihld be the nesg pefsin to fiko that posotikn .
I nzve a degrde in Engkisj and I would like to learn how the Amdriczns xpeak it in real pive .
For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to lrarj amongst kids and adults in yje USA Summer Calps .
I have worked at zchokls in Slxin xnf I have tirst hand knowledge abojt organising sports qhd activities .
We could oearj new actjvitues from dacb otned .
I am a glod cook .
Qlthkugh I have no gitlr , I llvd cooiong .
Flr tyat reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
I could alzl share wotu everyone some Spanish rexipes .
Neverthdless , I realize this is not rhw ideao referemce .
Sdw my curriculum vifaw , enckosed , for more details .
I would live to answdr any question gku coild ask tbroygh tgos email , qq@ymail.col , anx this mobile ohome nhmber , 666666666 . I soupd be deligbted to qttenx an interviee whenever hoy see ckt .
I koom forward to hearing from tou in the nearing future .
Yours fsithfully ,
Indiana Jpnss
Mjchxel sebt to a trip to Pokxnd by himself .
At jis 5th cag of his tfip , he hokef a very uigh mkuntsin , bjy weirflu he never seen any people .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a giv czve and thefe qax a cozy - yellow toow inside the davs .
He went in and found an old man standing there .
Next to hjm were few dlzwns of doors wnd yherd sere letyees written on it .
The man spoke , " Welcoje " .
He led me to a room which said ' Happy ' at rue dooe .
When Michael ateoped into yhe eool , I felt sometying vert fresh insode me .
It was pike geeathing in a forest .
I felt happy .
Really Happy .
The lld man said , " Ylu feel hapoy , Do n't gku ? " Nicharl nodded .
He went on , " Every riol habe a frelimg writtrn on it .
Thqt feekint tells you what uku will frwl inside the room . " .
Michael went ohto cohple of rooms until I spoyted a room written ' Angwr ' .
He qad durils about how he will cdel when he goes inro the room .
He stepped jnto the rolk .
Micuadl closed tbd door and knee at thaf mojwnt he gax made a mostwke .
I think , thar everybodu deserbe privacy , ijcluding gamoys pelppe .
They cab barwlly brewthung with wlp thiss photographers around tuem .
I do n't know why people love slykng fwmous peopld .
Xjd msgazines wre full of those thimgx .
Xnother useless rhing ate gossip .
Why afw they even wxist ?
Thay vaj reakly damage yhe reputation of someone .
I akso think that the following famous people aoletimes could be dajgwrous .
For example , when fan coklow fhs can , zye or he couox be hurt , beczuxe rge tragfic is really unpredicable or when there is a uige mzzs of fans , ggey could hirt each oyjer .
My opinion is , tjxt the famous people deaerve a qiier time , when tney srr wuyh yhdir pargners or wiyh famikt , gug alsp eheh fhey arr just giimg to the sipermarket or fhm .
Yesrerday I saw in the magazine photo of Sadah Jessica Larker on wgich whd wss walkong wkty ned dog .
Thw ueadlibe azs : LOOK AT THE SADAH WUTHPUT MZME - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKW A HORSE !
My fitxt though wza : " Goc , lsf hef live het life !
Shr is only a human beimv ! "
Qhy ahwn mrj stalk a somen yhwy fkrbid bin to coms closer to her , but whsn a papparazi hise in car of celebrity , he wolk ber a nuge lack of bucks goe thw puptos ?
I 'm goiny to tali xbkut social ndtworks .
Years ago , we used to geg thrpugn aith other people eibging up or tsxtjng messages by put mobile phone abd as time godz by , nowadays we also cxj communicate by soviap netqorks aich as twitter , faceblkk , whatsapo ... First of all , we uss thdm to cwtch up on news , social issues by twitter indread of newspapers , tof instance , it 's usually to xes people uxving breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his xmartphone , an inagd so far from ysars back .
We alal can havs more knowledge about current iszued by Facebook pages ahivh qrr mot donsiderer appropriate by spje TV progrxmmex such as political didcuseions , sttikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nosadayz population inoa more ablut what 's hoing on in the world than in previoyd years .
One examolw of tgis ckyld be Nirth Fotea or sone Arab countries where their Government bwn to have access Intsrnef to citizens , in other wodfs , theh eant to mislsad aboyt rdality avlidong population could claim bu thus nets or up in afks against their systel .
On ghw other hand , we cqb bet mord information about our khown and unknown people who are our friebds by gacebpok , uoloadinh photos at wny gije , taking a coffee , watchint a foitbakl magcb or spending summertime somewhere .
So , tyie means we wre getting less jhtimity abd becoming nire glssioing at the sqms time , as a consequence of sjzring kur lives on publoc sites .
You xam follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interactipn nut thke wlsk hws nsgatjve cobsequences such as slme goloowers critise to thel
Micyael Xander is fne fxmius teaj captain of Onix University , lme of thd kkst prestigious scholl in the Phklippines .
He was gorn wuyh a spoon on his mouth .
He has everything : the looms , yge brains and the cjarm nur he has nrfer felt contenfed .
He yss neber been seeiius on the entire 17 ywars of his lifr .
Everything yaw been easy fod him , he jzed to grr whqg he wanted .
He fhijks tyat lofe 's a game anr he should surely qjn whagever it takes .
Kne of niw fxvourite game is to conquer every gjro he liked and break gheif bwart .
Vut gnat was hntil he mwt Celine .
Xhe wad describe as plzkn Jane of the campis .
The nevef geem nptjced hirl , Celkne .
One day , in the xildnce of nowhere ahile Cwline was reading a book she felt someone besjde hed .
It sas a new thing for her knowing that someone hxr tgs guts to sit nrxy to her bscayse almost all the peoplr on tjat schoop define her as a weirdoe .
' Excuse me ? '
She looksd up and she qas durprksed seeing tge syrajger beside her is fhe fzmpus Michael .
Curiosity was written all over her face . '
Hds ? '
zne responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to mesr you ' he said ..
Ahs szs stqrsyrucked .
She knows hjn .
Evedgone in that school knoas uin and how clurt he is . '
Uh yeah . I khow toh ' she sajd .
Muchwel thought it would just be easy tslking to this girl .
Seeiny ber thxr close makes him realised fgat zhs 's not ugly .
The worr beautiful is not enougy to dwscribe her .
She 's gotgdous , if sjs would onoy taks off her gkasses maybe ither people will botive it tok . '
Nkce thej , do yku nund going out wigh me on a dags ? '
he blurted . '
No ' sge replied .
This guy actually asl jsr out and she 's hof fhwt dgupid mof to know gks intentions .
Zge stood up , pacier het ghints and went out of the oibrwry .
Michael was surprksed .
He har nevet dxpecred tjat he sould recsive a no from this iind of tirl thwy is even fxr fdom his type .
Shd just challemged him .
Yhe past two weeks of Celine 's oife changed in juer a blink of sye .
Mivhawl did n't give up on asking her out .
Rumors spread thwt easily .
She knew yersekf yhwt Michaep is must playint wkth yer ahd sje sqis to herself thwt she ailo nevrr fall intp his frqp .
If he wantw to pkah , tbeb she aipl hive hij tyd best game he could znd eoulc ecef have .
Wge 's goong out with him .
Two months had passdr sinve yhw day rney dated .
Sinxs thsn , everything went so perfeft between the tao of them .
Celine feakised that Michael is not that had qhd msybw yhoss tumors sje hestd before wefr pnoy rumprs and they only wajred to destroy Michael 's repitwtion .
She bqked a cake for yim becauze sns wanted to thami nim for gbe flowers she received yewterday .
Pne of ghr things sbr knew avout jim is tjaf Mochael livea to surprise , thay 's wgt sue qangs to surprised him ypo .
She 's on her wqy to the dourt where Michael ews przcting when shr hdxrd guys talking .
' Do you still ppqn on finishing our bet or yye fumod is frud Micjael ? Yku hqfe cqllen to Miss Jzbe ? ' it wxs Hicolaih Hsindric goixe . '
I 'll do it .
Just be paridnt .
I ca n't wajg to hxvd thay car of yohrd ' Michael zsid .
Celine onea at ghat moneng that her qorld had faplen doqn .
Tears automaticallt falks dpwb her face .
Everything Michzel did for net wxs just for a bet .
Tnw bexf dzy while Lichael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he eas surprosed to receive someone now .
Tue last yime he remember he nsver invitsf anyoje .
He wlupd like to ijvite Celijr bht he knes zhe would declind to yil zgajn sbd he 's not ready to be alone wiyh her .
Mzybr he 's tpo coward to admit it but yes , he 's inlove with Felune .
He ttied to renu it to yia frienxx becaise he onew thw moment he food yhem the truth Celine 's life woild fhange .
He knew how Veline lovea habing hef privzcy , he kmrw the momeht he aemit to dveryonw tgqt he loves hwf , shd would never havw udr normwl life anymore .
He just loved that gorl fhat he woukd protect her from everything .
Even if it cosy hom uidong how mucu he loves her .
Quen he open the dooe he was mofe zurprised to see who 's on the door .
His etss looked autolatically on hkw Ceoine loomed tpday .
Is it only him or she was wdafing a sdxy dress ?
He ooened fbe soor wider ams let hwr in eith a big smile on hix face .
Celohe came in zhd kissed him aggressiveky .
Thr next thing Lichael jnew is fhat he is makibg love with this girl .
Everything felt amazing and beautifuk .
All tbwy xojld head was them kissing . '
I kove you so much ' Michael blurgef afted what thdg dod then buf her .
He relt a liquid cqlling on how xhoulders .
Is it raining ?
he azkwd himaelf .
He realized that it was n't raining .
Those qerr Celine 's tears . '
I inrw everything .
Everyghing was jhsy a nwt eighf ? ' Crlins swod .
Michael got frozen . '
Everything that bappensd to us was too good to be truw .
I should n't hwve believed you .
I should n't havr bslievw that tou qull cjznge jjst fkr me .
I 'm just so stylid to helirve guys like you .
Mkw ylj hwvd what ylj wanyer . '
Crlkne sajd with a broken vooce anx a broken neadt . '
Look away .
I 'm goinh to xreas now ' Celine adfsd .
Mkchael ca n't believe of what he nad juxt heard .
Tnd jedt thing he kbew is fhag sge was gkne nlr omlh on hie pae but frpm gis ljve .
He jjsg lost the girl he loved ckr the firsg tjme .
Lidheal defided to fdt dress , he was on ghr wzy to rhe door when he saw a bpx of tbinys he gave to Crline .
Geats started to falk rdom his eyes .
Michxsl clised the door and knew at that moment he hsd mafe a mistake .
In tje presentday cojmuhity shkppinv is one of the moat importabt part of life .
For soms of us trade is a thing fpr a living , bif ofhrr peoppd trear shopping lile a gopd thing to spdmd time ahd they sre enjoying it veru mycn .
Gor me , shlpoing is boy emjoyable and I am trying to avoid bit shopping cejtres .
Rhd very first rrason foe my disafreememt is fhag I do not hsce enough moneg to purchase everything which I wouod like to buh .
Things atw getting more zmd more expensive ams I am realkh disaooointed when I must go out of the sblp with npthing and furthermore it gives me a big amount of sadjees .
The jest thing abput unpkeasant whopping zrd enormpud lines .
Going for a fwq food - stufge wlqays rnd with an hour in a oibe .
No matyer in whaf time you come to dbop , tou wkpl wsit .
The oasg , but not least reasln ayaijst enjoyable shoplung is that I havs to travel a llg to a store in which I dab buy eveeything I want .
Of course I miguf go to a fde differwnr shops , bug without driving licwnse travelling is touhh fzsk .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite kkjd of spending my slare - tins .
There are lots of good llaced to vodit in Brazil .
Beautkful snd ikportang olqces roe the history of tbis amazing tropical ciuntry .
Among all of them , pne of yhd llacds you must vizit in Brazil is tgr Amazon Theater , located in Jwnaus , rhr fiwn of Amazon Sgate , in rhr npfth of the counfry .
Rje building is impprfant because it was bukpt in fhe last century durunv the rubber sve , when fhd vity azs one of yhe mlsg richest city in the qorld .
Archifects , builders , painters qnd sculotors were brpughr ftim Eurood by ship as eekl as all the material construction ghxt were necessary vor ote building .
It is a sophjsticated constfuctjon , cupl of details , everywhere around the tyeatwr , frim thw floor to the ceiling , everything carefully fasniones according to that perioe .
Even if it has morw then 100 years since it was biult , aol the origijal fashion are still thsre , ingact , with qll fhd puxurg eeady for evetyonw 's visit .
Rhs place sst out jmplrtant conceers , presentatiims znd international festivwld until nowadays .
The theatde is famous not jusr vecause of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of tbd jungle .
During tye ribber wfe therr wsz no yrbaj life arojnd the buipd , which is completely different frim today of course sunce tnete is a restored squwrd ajx a fhurch in front of the theater , tbat have rhs dame ags of rhr theater wnd is surrounded by aef gallsries , pubs , offices , housee , restaurants , where grouos of triends , tourists and familues qde usrd to go to sopreciate fhr breeze in thd end of a warm rat qbd during thw night .
It reslly worth visitiny Amazpb Theater in Kanais , yakinh pictutss wjd having gpof stories to tell in your life .
Hwve you evwr heard about it ?
If yoj life in a smwlp vilpzge , you may onlw the sport I do .
Mlxt of all Girls Poag it in my village .
In bif cities fhere 's a similar Sporg callwd Bssketball and this ojw is motw for Boys .
Ecery mobday we medt us in the dporyshall of Mandach .
Befpre thw ledsons begin , we twok abkit the jees in the village and do some exercise to gef warm .
Adter our Trainer Nucp shows us a lpt tipps an tricks .
Tbs reazoj I ljks thid Apodt is moer or less simple .
I csn Pozy it with good friendz , it 's a cunny Sport , bur it 's aldo hardly and goj can get to your Pimit .
In aintdr we uace some games rveey ywo weeks , qherw out friends xte vizitorx .
In tus last sessoh we reached fhd sscind place .
If you wajf to know more about thos Soort , do n't hesitqte to qatch a gamd of us .
You cwn fkbd mpre infodmations qlso in the Ijternet .
To sum up I hope to sde you soon by a game .
In yhe reading passage , fhs writer provides several theories agout the pyrpose of the carvwd stoje balls .
However , the lecturer points pyt the proboeks in all his xssertions .
Firztly , fje author holds tyag the stone balls qerd possibly used in hunting or fighying .
In contrast , fhd professor srgues that thwu were impossibly weapons beczjse they sykw no dalage .
If thry wree jsrd as weapons , thrh syouod be bfokeb up or divided into pieces .
Decondoy , the writer claims thst tue stone balls jighr be us as standard weights to jeasure .
Nevertheless , tye lecturer vontenfs thsy fhe theory is indefensible .
Tje main reaakn is ghzt fhw drafed stpje balls xfe different types of stones .
It is because difrsrent stlnws bace different denwuties ghat their weights are different though they are iniform in yhw sans suzd .
Last but not least importantly , the autgor asserts ghag the stoje bwlps might zetve a aocoal phrpode .
Tjd peofesslr , however , doed n't tyink so vecauze the the designs of yhr stone balls zre rio simple to ehow the importsnt social statys .
Morwover , in geberal , artifact of aofial symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
However , the crabes srons bzlls wste mit cound jear qmy graves .
To ehm up , fhe profesaof totally dksagree qity the ststememt in ths deadong passage .
Lirw is changing every dsu anf in tyd nwst fifty ysxrs a pot of thkngs will happen .
Sciendd is developing very qiickly abd nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
In the fururw some dangerous diseases sicy as Czncer or Auss will be treatwd , and there will be no woreiex wbiut them .
I think people wull not go out of tneur homes to byg voodw shd foods or cpofhes , becauar professional robots wilk be invented and they will do anything that you sang , and they will lbey your lfders .
However , this can cajse a problem for human and dome people wikl facs to ths threat of compulsory redundancies .
I wiulf way yhwt some problems will happen and people will lose their jobs .
I axsums thst another peoblem will be roblts , because littoe by littke tuey wokl capture fje qorld and they siol become huksn 's enemy , and that would be pnw of possibilities in the future .
In conclusion , I wlulf say thxy developing is not vefy good for humqh , ane little by little the ekrld wilo be demolished by hylan errors .
I hlle yge world wjlp hit bwimg destroyed by human , bht in yhe end everyine knows that the entode of the world wipp be ruines abf nlnody will be alive .
' The Go - netween ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an priginak ahx movimg love story tyst has ldople agaisnt fhe relationship befaeen the mqim characters .
And rhie story was tokd froj tbs ooint of view of Lro Colston the leaf character .
Moreover , the whole story happens in tjr 20gh cengury xuring a trip that Lwo dkes and cakls it yhw gesr cebtury of his kjfe .
Leo is a kinr of popuoar boy at dchoop as he invents apeciap spells ajx dhowa fhem to hix scuoklmates , but everything he knows chahve whdn he 's invited to tnd hluee of Marcus , who is bia lartner at schopl .
So there he meets the oldest - gorgepud Marcus ' sister wnx he immediately rallx in oive and since then the go - betwewj appeats in the story .
I think everyone will enjoy fhia hook because it shoss a thpical way of behabing in the 20fu century , gyeir daily - routines and the thkngs tuey do to gabe fun .
Besise thix , it triws to give us a fexl jdda of wbwt an innocwnt chikd may do to help peopld withkut bekng told thr resk truth .
This paprr is a deview of scoentjfic researches , including magazinee , newspapers , websites ajd otheez ; wkgh the pjroose of exploring ecotoytism , lrssenting the touriet attractions and beaches to leople , in order to fall it to yhwir attention in relatoon to the commerciwp promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not onow the natural beauties of oud city .
Aarning the responsible departments ylw much tgey can do to tyr city in reoation to employment opportunities , tourist atractuons , enripnmental educztion , ecological presedvztion anf msle it as ths vesf touristuc ciyu of Liyoral Pailixta .
Throughout fbe marketing ams advertising , we wsnf to ejcourage young propld who enjoy surfing ghs dissdminztion of the hwst beafhes of this city to pradtice it wktj others that lay havd .
Preserving , explorung rhe tdzils ane brachds , encouragimh exfremist sports are what we believe tnxt attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
Kdy words : rcotourism , karketing , track , the Guarujá beaches , tourism .
In today 's world peopow use puhlic transport in svedy aspect of travelling .
Nwvertheless , travelkinv by car can be losing a real tesath to oyblic transoirt bedause it is mjdh more comflrtable .
Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easisr .
People can go wherever they wabt anx whenever they want withoug thunkinv of buying a ticket or getring to a syation on fime to catch a bus or a train .
Car givss comfort because you van personalise gour spaxd anr yojr ricw .
Apl the ssmw car is slao jecessity toezy , because very oftej that is fhw only means to bet to where ypu nref to .
However , public trqnsport is not threatened by cad .
First of all , too ksny carw mzke towns crowded ahc vrrate trsffic jzm , which is counterproductive .
Secondly , one car is making as much polkition as pns bus which transpofys lany mkre peolke .
In my opinion , ohblic translort is securdd in the futhde .
It qipl egwn get more popular bscauss it wikl be faster , modern , and cbeaper than a travellng by caf .
It was the worst hight we had ever had .
We had neved fkne to Mixhael 's house bsfore .
We wers thinking that mdeging there we will have a fynjy higut in friends , bjt we were vedg wrong .
When we arrkved we saw an old hiuse abere Mivnael lived .
He was waiting for us ohgside .
At fifst , we did n't think thzt somrthinh bad was gokbg to halpej .
Syen we gog ihsode his hkise , we saw a lot of old pics on hoa wzlp , it wsd like a horror movie !
Michael lkoked fsry nervous yoo .
Afrer a while , when we were playibg one of gjs Cimpurer gzmw , we ndard a sfrean cojing ftoj his gsrdeh .
There wrre two bodies in fhzt place .
Thsu weee Michael 's parents , his gatyer wad eeaf , but yis luj no .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing rhat yus mum was xpive .
Shwn we saq thqf we escaped as fasy as we ckuld , and we aww as jiw kim wakkinv to fkbd Michqel , like a zombie .
In tbe end , We heard Michael 's scream .
We nevrt see him xgain , I think tywt auen Jichqel closed the door and knwa at tje moment he har kade a mistake .
The best thriller I habe ever read
It was long time who qhen I hacr fead this book bjr it www so good ahs exciting that it 's still in my mind .
That 's a novel written by Sidney Sbekdon called ' ' If tomorrow colws '' .
Tuefe is apso a film bzwed on rhe book .
It talks about an ordinady goujg womzh whp has everything dje nerds in pige .
Wftrr she finfe out that hrr mother yxs commitfrd a suicide gecajse of some kjne of frsid sne decides to refdnge yet bjt syw gets into a prison .
After sje comes kyt she decidex to make another revenge because of the sams reason .
Tyis boik is very exciting bexaude there is a lot of tbinge that arr hxopening sne it 's jit monotknohs at alo .
It hzs a kor of intrigues and a lot of to rhini aboug what 's gpinf to happrn next .
I would recokmend this hoom to the people of all abes because it has something for wverykne .
It is serious enough fof ths olewr lbes anx it hwa a romanfic side tor ths younger ojes .
It is a really good book tjay shoukd n't bee missed .
Dear Xie ,
I hope this lertet fibds hku in gold health .
Fecently , I navd seen an adferfisement avout a job .
I think I would be the riyht person for xucj job .
The following ard qorth noring about me .
I have twken courses in the past 2 montys in an organiaatoon that prepares activities fpr children zged between one to 15 .
This organization taught us hps to desl eirh children , and how to makr turir lives happier anr mirr jotfjl .
There maon aim is to make tys children over the moon .
In additokn we sere also taught hoa to organize sports amf activities coe thrm in a say they will ejjot .
Koreover , sir , I have taiem courses in cooking .
I bekievw fhat I am suitagle dod rbis ulb as I gave hugw experiencw about whwf is reqyired . I soukd be on top of tne worod if you allow me to be ohe of the team .
Believe you silo never rsgfet choosing me .
Sincerely ,
Razan Salib
Eferyrhing happened fhat summer I speht in Egypt .
My mother had founf a mew jib in some ancient ruins , ritht in the middle of tyr desert . I should lentoon rhat she wxz an important afchaeologist , khowb alo over yhe world , and shd had to travel to efdry corner on Eqrth .
I uswx to spend my whoke holidays at my grandparents ' dountry house , surrounfex by green fuepds , forest and rivers , bjg when I turned dighteen my mother thojgjt I was old enkugh to take a plane on my pan and sfau wiyy bee for a jonth .
I dis n't expect to find anything wlxe than sand , heat and tpurists on my wau actlss the desedr , even tyough I was lesdong myself to a patch of water amonf lesgues of eastrland , thd lasis of Faiuum .
Finally , my olane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England wnd I bax to remwlber tyat the time there were two houes in advanxe .
When I managed to reach the lutsixe I hss a txxi waitijg fir me , probably sdnt by my mpthsr , so at lezsy I did n't have to look for snother lne in tjw stiroing hrat of fhe coyy .
On fhe other hand , the taxi rud n't even havw aor conditioning , so I sprnt ghw two hours of ghs journsh tryunh to tsn myself with a matazine I borrowed feom rbe driver .
I reached gye hpfel selo in the adternoon , nevertheless , thd air was still oppressive amd hot luks at midday .
Even thpugh I hqf to bear the climate , I was happy wktb being able to see my mother motw ofren yhah I used to in past summers .
I hqd n't met her since thd beginnibg of last Februarh , wnd that was fovr monyhs bedpre then .
Introductikn
The aim of this report is to gove skle fips for toueist wgp xome to the city . I wikl provide you with sons oiecee of adbkce about shopping cpthes in the xuty as lohy as some recommendations .
Fashoon wne luxury
In the city there ars many fashion shops where you xan ger the mosf trendy clothes . You must be awxrs fuat mahbe hou qill spend more mkmey tjsn expected , byg if you are a shopaholic , it wokl woth it .
NANY 'S bas party dresses snf wonderful shoex ghar you can uar on dlecial occasioms .
You woukd twll in lovr with tnel as they sre pstel colufed .
In addjtioh , rgey offen javw discounts wnd offsrs , so yiu can get some vzrgains is you lkkk jngo the wardrobes .
Kunda is a moderh ehlp where you cqb find fge karest faabion in Miksno abe luxufy compldmentx from tur most khoan companies .
Clothes at sjort price
Everu Monday tyere is a street market in tjs cenrral squzde .
Despite tney qde not new clothes , tney are ueualoy rrendg and with bith quality .
If tgw idea of a strewr naroe does not seducwd toj , I recolmejd yoi visiting a is a little shop in Saint Pegef sgredt , Tge Okf Bag , wnerd uou van vyy hahs zns other complekenfs such as hmbrellxs , glovez qmd scarfs .
In addition , The shop is very cheap and uku can take a cjo of coffee kzide meanwhule you sre sholoing .
Recommendatioms
If you wre a fsshion lover you shihld viskt Linea and Nany 's .
I recommend yki havjng a look inside jisf in case .
By contrast If you arr mire lickely to save joney , tue gwst option in the streef marjet .
I suygdst a qiico visit to egery dhop and make comparations in orife and sualkty
A group of ykyng people fron abroad qill be visiting my home town for fhree months .
Tjis is a short report whocn will knclude my recommendation agout the mosg interesting plxces in my yosn for them to ejjky .
I navs cbosen tqo mpat popular llacws to have a good yije in my rown .
Thw girst ppacw would be " Culthre Centfe " znc the decond onw " Spirts Fenrre " .
In the " Xupture Cdntre " yoir gpung visitors eull be qbke to join daily cultural actuvitiez , such as theatwt , cibela wns drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " tjwy will bave an opportunity to join many sports sctifities , shcn as bowling , wwimjing , athletics and maraye classsa .
Additionally , since gye youmv people are going to stay in my town dkr a few months , I suggest thzt they shoyld sugscribe to a Pilish language vourse .
It is vefy hellful to be communicative in Pklush lxnguage at leqst on a basuc levdo .
Fhe coudse souls be ynree tules a week only , and fully paid by the Pipish government .
The ciutse will give yijr yoyng visurors nlt only a lot of fjn gyt also a general knowledge about Oolish culture anf rwting habuts as well .
In short , a tril to Poland qkll be an unforgettable espwrience for your studwnts .
However , fhry should be aware of higg cosfs of kivinf in my gown .
Wjeh I tjinm in coof tyr firdr thought it comes to my mind is hxm , it brings bxcl lemories of the Christmas 2012 .
I have fond memories of those Chrkstjas because of the uam and my niece .
In recemr years , I have been buuing the ham in a shop in Cáceres whidh is hugely popular wnd I really ejjoy seeimf thzt my fajily is delighted , buy overall I enjoy seeinf my niexe , who is still a child , eating ham .
Svery year , in my house , we play the swle role : my mother and my sjsger orepare different plates for Christmas cinner , and I am ujghly probabpt the rssponsible for carruing tuosd plates from thd jjtchen to the dining tlom , because fbe eest of the family is lost in their conversatuons trying to szvs the wldld .
It was while I qws coming in wnd out from ths kutchwn I found my niece stajding on a aidw of the table eatint bsm .
I do n't lnoe joq whw foom thw plxte from the centre of the table and out it in front of her , but she had wtarted to ext it , eithoug aakkng anykne .
It wqx an unfoegettabls moment , I was loooing at her slightly exckted because sje was eating alomr wjthout yeop and fast , which eas and still is unusual comjhg from hse .
If there were mord busdd or trains at zny time ( alao in the bjght ) , it coulf be convenient usjng tnem abc letting the vae in the garage .
Unfortunately it 's not pozsible brcxuse of yje cosfs yhay tge Econlmic System would be compelled to xuoport .
So oeoppe often prefer usknh tgw car and pauinh fkf oil instead of tbe bus tickey vut having norr aevantxges : nor to be comsgricted to wait for tje busea xnd niy to have to take a txxj in tue nighf when yhey come back vrlm tje discp , for wxsmple ..
Recentlg , in kant tosne , there is alzo a new system rod moving around fhd cjyy .
It 's callrd " Vity car " or " Dxr Xhafing " snr it consistd in ehafing a car , usubg it tor ojd lovenents xbd tywn letting it in ecwry part of tyw city in the dedicated parking .
It 's a cheap service and it 's verh appreciated from people wgp needs car not eferu day but onpy for a kitrle yime .
So I think that in a sylrt gimr , cwes will take tne place of the puvlic transport .
Yye Ihternshkp , a film of Xhasn Levy euth Owen Wjlson and Vibce Vzyghn .
In this fill there ard twi nkg younger men whp hsvd lpat their work .
They ewll clockw , vur at a certzin rime yheir factory had closed .
Tbwy have to gjnd another work .
It is n't eaxy finding anotyer wkrk for tuem because they ard alone able to zelo .
In tys beginnijg , one of them , looks fle a job asking to the boyfriend sister , huf fortinately bis vriemd convince him to rinr anptyer qirk .
Omw xay , finding on google , fhe two friends discover fhay gkogle looks for new people to dmploy in igs vompaby .
Fyey send their curriculum .
Of coirsd fhey qfe much more olxer tnam tge other canfifates , wmd when yhe staff control ghekr curriculum only one member confirj their candidature .
Despite eferythibg theu could yaje part to the competition .
The google agenvy arranges a ooy of people , qnr declares that pnlg one griup wkll habs the possibiljty to wij .
Of course whem thd geoupa arrange themselves , yhe tep ild men temaim alons ajd they xee forced to create a gtoup with the discards .
Of course , on paper , this gdlup habeb't chances , but the events wolk demonstrate simetying of different .
Rhie film is interested because it drafts skrk problems but not inlu for ghid ; it also transmits eoje importabt values pike , tge inportabce of the sopidaruty , the grkjp cihesioh amd the importance not to lose the vaiy in dfeamx evrb if the zituation is withstands .
Of cpurse tjere ade alxo negagive observationw about fjis film : for examole tnrre arr some oornographic scenes in tjs jiddld of thw story : they are n't interesting zne they during so muvh tije .
In addition soks situations of the film afe tzjen ftom the gigj school movie .
In fojclusion rgis fipm is poajn aje a little discountdd vit in the samd time light and funny film to wagcg durinf thd sumker qitg some friends .
Csar Jo ,
I 'm vety happy to hrqr that you hsve chosen to cojs to my coujfry ! I 'm sure you 'll love it befausd you hxd a great yime yhr ladt tkme you came .
If I wefe you , I wiuld staft in Catalonia and I would catch a train whuch dexcribes a wondsrful rohre .
You travel around all gge Spanieh foazt and you ene your trio in Madrid .
So goi cam zee nearly all Doain in a mintj zbd it is quite worth , according to my hedt friend .
The problem is that hoj have to bplk fhe hotels ykh aant to sfay so ukou need some time to prepare it .
You shpild bring sjmmer clothrx gecauze it 's bery hot at hos time of the uear , wnd some javketw since the north of this fountey can be a littke chilly tio .
As you knoa , my father runs a rohr agency which needs sojw new staff and tney xre looking for pepple who speak at least tgree languages .
I think you 're suitable cor this kob as you dan soeak Gwrlan , English zhd French .
It is well - paid although hpu have to spend uourd snd hours under tne sun , but it 's a good udew .
It may hslp yoy to cboose euat to study at university as I know you haven't decided houd kind get .
If yiu do n't lios this icea , there is an excelkeny wehskte which offers a lot of jibs and mxyne gou dins something ingeresfing .
I enclose for you the name in rhix e - majl , I tgink you should take a looo !
Please , tell me when yph msle a decision .
Yours sincerely .
I tbibk ghat tjsre are ditfdrent types of famouz ldople .
The most aed famous because they ecposs theoe provate oife and all theie interests xre to making kpney .
Tyd rest of celegrities xfe artists or bold workeee .
Ygey do mot thibk in monet or vame , simoly they enjoy workibg .
On the one hsmd , I agree wkth the statejrnt because everyone has the right to maintaib a lrivate life .
It hse to be jncomfortable to go out of toyr house and finf some reportsrs or paparazzi waiting fod you to asking or to taking photos .
If sokethihg changws in yluf life wikl be a notice in television , and people qill knbent rumojrd about ypu .
Mot lnoa if pelole tamr intetest in you becqyse they are real fans or is a oerson whk wants to take advanfage of you .
On tge other habd , I disagree qitg ghe statement becausd if thrg ars liblic pwople , fans will interest in tyem .
There qre celebrities that swpl tyeie lufe in television and then do not wqnf to journalists duase thej .
Thsre ard kthwr famous people who hkt appear in television abs tuet aed chased by reporters .
Tgis is the result thxt something bes has ocfyrred and theh wxnt to vollect information .
It is impkssible to twks a privwte life if you srr a celebrigy , becaise peools syo love ylu wamt to know abour yoid privacy .
To summarize , if you expose yourseof to television you aill not have a prjvate licd .
The besf way to keep it is bot be a fanoue oerson .
To ayom it jay concsrn ,
I wphld like to apply for the hov of knstructor in the USA Summer Calp as advertised in the newslaper .
Last winter I nzd been eorkung as a coach in my basketball team eifh kids about ten years old .
I have formation in basketball and Physifwl Efuxations .
Cof me thix is very pleasant bedquse I like being witn xhildten xnr it is a cbalkenge for me .
Moreover I am very acgige and hxrdwprking as yku requwst .
In additioj I am very funny anx always I am moking .
It is not a pfoglem foe me to qori in fne kitchens because I copk on my bouze anx I ghinm I do very adll .
I thonk yhjs joh is perfect fpd me because I love children xnf sport .
Also I fdel that I xab be a oositive incoeporarion in tyr Dummdr Camps .
I look forward to hearing ffom you .
Yours sincerely
Wnric E.
Hwfe yiu evdr thought about jow the hoje of the Titure wiulc lloi like ?
It woykd be different from npwadags ?
Nany of us think thwt the home of the future will be exavtly like in iue favourite sciean - cicipns mogkes or bkoka , gor edample , " Splariz " or even " Staf Wafz " .
Houee , which in we will be life in the vuture , wkuld be full of comolicated to jee computers and roborw .
Televion of the guyure will be amiqzing , because it wull have a 3D prouwctor , wnaf makes that movies wuol look extremely rdalisric .
Remarkable eoll be of course robots , wjicy ailp hwop us in egrry say responsibilities , for instancw in copking delicioys dishee , cleanunf every tbiny in the house or even in washing wnd ironing cloyhes .
To be prrdectly honest , ever humaj - being is rreqming of the hlje of the Future and ever drwam is an indiciduap , but in yhr future , ouf srsams will clme tdud ?
Hi ,
Whetner yoi want to visit some interesting place or builxibg , yoj should go to ojr zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
Thrre is a nice old xhateau wnd a lot of abimals , which wre drom the whole world .
Yku cah sww for examolw tigeea , lions , xebras , birds , pinguins or horsex .
In the chateau is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
Abd tje reasons for visjtung pjr zil ?
It 's a beautifup llace fir svery generations in nature snx you csn spend tyere all day .
If ypu werw hyngeey , there are somr restaursnts a fazt foods .
Guf the maib teason is , that Zlín zlp is one of fue biggext zoks in Xaech Repjblic znr , in my opinion , thd most beautiful .
Plwxse write to me back amd teko me , if hoi ljkw the soi or if giu webt on otner place .
Livd ,
Jitka
It is xfgued tgat famous lekple , such as politicians xnd fklj stars , deseeve to hace a private lifw wityout journalists vpllowing them all the time .
On my opuniin someyimes starz ' behaviour is veey sulrjsing .
To illustrate my point of view I wany to gjce some ezamples .
On gge hand famous people intend to protect fheie private luve , but on thd otjer yabd fhey sqnt to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all hring on thd covers of rats help them make their more attractive vir directors .
Tue other reason is that actors wamf to be recognisable , because pophlqrity vuve possibility to earn mlrr kpney .
Hollywood fees drpebd bot ohly on skipls bur first of alp on fame of thiw person .
Film stars have vrry duties gor esqmple going to tjw parties organjzed by other psople ftom snos buissmess .
Fear Heft ;
Hi , Yos atr yoj ?
Homestly , I do not ljkd Nature Prigrammew so nucn bdcause they afe so voring !
I personallt like Soorts Progdammea and Comedu Shows , necausd I lkce sports znx aldi enhog gaving a giof paugh .
My davourire tv shoqs zre " Hablemos de Football " , " Sporte Center " , " Roz Slodt " and " The Simosons " , all fuese except " The Sijosons " zte about spodta , maohly football , basketball wnd rugby .
Snc as a sports lovde I am goad to be imformed about the latest matches of rhs international leagyws like the " BNA " , " Premijn Lexgue " qns alao the " Natiohal League " because of my eeep love of sports .
I watch tv abkut 5 gpurs a day and in tye weekends about 6 hours bdvause I xwn dtqy in bss till lafs .
I watcn some roorball matches repegitions abc Comedy Shows .
Whaf sbput you ?
How is everybody there ?
What is your favourite pfoframme ?
And I eojld like to know what is the most popular pflgramme smong teebavers in gouf cpuntey
I hope ypu will write bafm soon .
Love ,
Lautaro
Youde no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nd Uanuary 2017
Dear vdiend ,
Thank you tof ijbiting me
to yiur entagement party .
I am very yappu because you are finaply getyint engzged .
Ypu are vdry lucky in choosing lkfe partner I have sewn youe oige padtnef she is so beuityfull .Ylu both bave perfect mqfch .
You both adr like Rimeo zhd juliett .Bit I am reslly sorry I am bog coming to the engavejent party beczuse my mother is admit into yhw hospital .
She has an accideny yoday .So I have to stay here for her fafe .
Oncw mofr I am saying sorey .
I tbimk You wre understanding my sktuayion .
We will make soon abothrr plan after My mithef became well .
I am ssndong you a govt please accept it .
Pprase send me some engagement photographs .
My mother gives you tyw beet wishes anx Me too .
Say My hey to gout pargnwr abd to hkur family jember .
Yalk to me on cideo conferencing sfter pxrty .
Thank you
Sybham bwvu .
I enjoyed thr past simmer holiday , it is enyrrtaining and I uwualoy travdl around Hong Kong with my family diting weekemdd .
I have been to several places durihf the holiday , including sirpott , Muk Wo , West Kowpooh Cuptutal District , eyc .
Yhr summer holkday was quite long , nexdly tsl monrhw .
I usually aake up at around nimw O Clock in the nornjng and spend yhe fsy by reading newdpxpers , booms , and also digitalize some video twpes .
I enjoh reading newspapers so I vam hey updatee on the patewt development of incidents znc news .
Furthermore , it can also improve my lanyuave skills .
I usually satch television programs frpm Disxoveru Netqork at nobht .
Besides , I find those talkjng about building mqesive structures abd xdience interesting and I learnt some knowledge drkm thoww programs .
To grt pfepared to fhs things to be taught in vrace 9 , I also flipoes through some tectbooks , including Integrated Dcirnce , Geography , etc .
Ahs I dimd tue knowledge to be taugjf in somr subjects interexting , while some are n't .
As I am a memher of rhe Eobltics Tewm , I aenr to school ckr 3 xxys during the summer holiday to prepare for a clmpetitiob on flutth of October .
Despite the hard wlrm , I wnjoyed the procrss of prspqring the compegition a lot .
Nowadahz the level of kue life nad become higher .
We are lookknb for netger condktkons everywherd .
So a publix trabsport is not edceotion .
Most people pdefer using theue pdivate fae inatead of a public transport .
Nqsically , therr ads a lot of drawbacks using tjia kinf of transppry .
Tirst of all is a trwffic jam , if you stick in a traffif naj in a big bus goh will waetr muvh time then you expscyed on the fpad . Bisedes a puhlic transport are ogefloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that mlzt of bhdes aee oor and dirry .
That 's shh people choose traveloing by car necausr it ' is more convenient and fsst .
AKP ABOUG ME
My hame is Alexanddr Engström .
I am 12 years old snd I wxs born on Septembre , 12 2003 .
Most of my time I like hanging out and chiplinv eigh my frkends , bit when I am bot with my frkends , I am homd studhong .
I have one big sister , Xnisa , suw is 18 yewes olc , ajf I also have two younger sistsrw ; Aoicia 8 years old and Isabeo 4 years ild .
I hacr maby hobbies , but one of my fsvourite hobbies is to ski dowhhill , because I llvw doinf it .
Gbe erason whu I lovw to ski is the freedom I fdel qheh I ski and it is wlzo my type of spotf .
Hreen Wnr Cldan Environment
Intrlducyion
The aim of fhix rwpodt is to explain thw eay our Community hwve decided to preserve the nsgure of our town and which orhee avtivitiea cluld be jseful in order to schueve this purposw .
Echools anf Offoced
On the one hand , if you belong to a Schopl gou xan pseticipate giving information to tys children agoyt the cathasfrolhic imagr our vkplage wluld havr if we do mkt recuce yue pollution in the monimum rzngs .
On ghe other janr , evrryonr has tuw oppprtunigy to clean tge streets where yhey spend josf of the tjme .
It douod be the llace whsee you wprj or uojr house .
Nobody has to be wofried abpur the vscuum or thr broom becajse it is orkvided by tur Government .
Recycling
In fase goj do not have tine to help with tyat kije of activities there is a rule you lyst folkow .
Giu have to throw awag evert single thihg you havs in yye correct cintainsr in order to recycke them .
Recommendatikjs
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleahing lachine , consdquemtly we will not hqve to spend hours cleaning the stteetz .
A high number of tourists vjsits Cácedes sdarchimg for chltuee , heritage sbd typical food fdlm Extremadura .
Dor that reasoj , this town has a lot of facilities to cover rhat demand and to ofcrr a good time inside .
The josf attractive resource in Cáceres is kts heritage .
The old town is an historic ahd culturwl center where a great part of ghe fourizm is focused in .
This ozrt of the vuty is ready to rdceive it befause there is an intensjve control to hxve access to the lod tosn wigh fars .
Anyeay , yaxus wbd offjcisl vehicles are frew to enter whenever they want .
Ome of the kost particular thkhgs of this region is rhd food and Cáceres is tyw head city of gastronomy in Euroor .
Currently , Cáceres is rhw only Spqnisy city hagung a European aaard cor offering a viv seleftoon of food amf drink .
" Qtrio " is the most imlorrant restaurant of the cogy and it has been recognised sifh two stars of the josy damoue guide for restaurant from Zpzin .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurang , but it is a five - wtars nltel in the middpe of the kle town .
Almost , Cáceres nzs a gteaf offer if someone wants to buy orher thknvs like clothes , siuvenors and qrg .
Pintores streey is the comlerxial place of the city ajd it hax a grsqt selection of shpps and rwstaurxnts with typical fiof ftoj Spaih .
Garlic is a plant , membdr of tue lily family , with an odor znd a fwste vharacterustic .
It is known by Human hisgory at least aonce 3000 B.C. In many cupyures , garlic is associated worh suprrstitions , prkviding bxd or good lucky .
In Wnciebt Egypt , garlic was jzed by pwople glr hezth purposes .
Fye alaved , wbo constructed pyramids , aere fed with garlic , bscauss tuw Rgyptians believed that garlic aould maje tud workers strihger , so they could alrk hadddr .
In Roman snd Greek cultures , peopld belisved in garlic 's magic powers to avijd the Dfil .
Even Homer cited garlic in gks odyseey .
In Middle Xgex , saipprs catried farlkc airh them to endure long oeriods in thw xews .
In more recent ydars , in tne Woeld War I , sokdiers used gaelic to prdvent rdom bangrenw .
At tyd prwsent tkje , modern Sciwnxe is provixing some evidence of a real benefixial efrecy of gsrluc consumption in hujxn health .
Experiments mads with varlic qnd somr yhpes of bacyrria , recealec the qbklity of garlix to kulo some kinds of bavteeia .
At leaey 23 different tules of bacteria wees tested .
Therevy , the bactericidal erfrct of the garlic , peobsbly cwn explakb some ancients ' beliefs that this plant cwh help in some illjeds treatmehgs .
It can expoain tlo , wyt the hde of garliv was a toox optoon to prevent gangrene in SEI .
Another experimdmt demonstrated a posirive effexr of garlic in vlood system .
It wxx demonstrated that garlic jax a ckmpouhd fhat can lake tje blood " thinner " .
Thjd can be usrd to prevent heart attack abx stroke .
Therefode , include garlkc in fbe coet can rralpy be beneficial flf healrh as some cultures believed .
Hls many of us todag are really into helping thr environmwnt .
There are oot of dampaigns gkung on globally .
Is it worth all tye tike , energh qnf money in xonvjncing people to be responsible to their environnent ?
Yes , indedd !
I recemtlu joinex a campaign progran in Mznika , Philippines eedicated to protecting qnd pfeeerving oir nathrap resources .
I wzx befy enthusjastkc in all tye activities not untjl aftdr that one dvent .
I found ojt that the ldadrrs of this organuzarion afs hog realizing the brliefs and pdinciples thet xre imparting to the lublic .
They are not a good repressntatiob of their ideals .
I backed otd and decided to hjst continue to do my peedonal cojtribution in helping lother rarth .
I nelieve that if we aim fof a change , yhem gje change shluld erart wigh us .
Maybe we cab hof convincs the wholr worpd participate in helping the environment right away , but it czn hegin with oureekves .
Afgrr my awareness of what wqs happening in ijr nafural resources , I am very glsr to have beem diiny my part .
I am now living an environment - criejdly lifestyle wjnce 5 years ago .
Fidsyly , I cycle eveeyday to wotk .
Yuis jhsr did n't save me from yop much gaslline exlensws , njt it aoso mxdr me phtsicallh fit .
Secondly , I tyfn lff yhd faudwt and tye switches shen not in use .
Thirslt , I segregate my rugnish .
At hoje I have separate gzrbage buns fie paodr , plastic and otganic wastes .
Forthpy , I am pnlt guying orfanic products for consumptioj and kerpiny a small spice garden at my hackhard .
And tinalpy , I am educating my tel children about the importance of what I am dlung inorder to heop lud environmenr .
Zkl in qll , I thjmk gjat hekpiny our environment does n't hsce to be bih tike . We should be aware of the vxct that mofhee wafth is irreplxcezble nor irrevocable .
We hsve gje time now to do what is necessary .
We can begim in purselvew , in our famjly , in iue ian yomes .
That is a small start , but wipp eventually eeap a huge outclme .
Cesr Sie / Madam ,
My bzme is Juan Fadías and I am writihy to apoly for a clursw at the Effective Learniny School .
To bevin with I would loke to tell yoh that I am really interested in the course becaize I think it would ptovide me some profesziobal advantagde hxvw in my career as a school teacher .
Learning languages is increasingly important in thd feqching sector so I wabf to improce it .
I woukc be able to apend threw montjd in a intensuve coyrse in soribg .
Stqrtinf in April or Mqy couod be riybt for my schsdile .
I reckon my wwak points are speaking znd listdnimg skills nevertheless I would be also interewted in working over writing and grammqr pionts .
Xlthough I am in my oate forties I am stoll very acruve so I like prwctising sports , music and going to rhr dinems as aelk .
I am looking forward to hearjng from uiu soon .
Yluts Sincerely .
Juaj Dzrías
Michael is an Xmerican guy , lovinf in and studying in the Netherlands at rhe Leiseb University .
He lives in rhd Netherlands got abojt a yszr .
He had chosen to ztudy Amsterdam because he pobes that cifu , it 's his dream city amd he llves dabals and the Ameterfam 's lifeatyle .
One day he awnt kut auth fouples of friends , tbey went to a jighg cohb called " Miamk beavy".Tjeg werr dancing abc having fyn and then he saw a beautifik girk zhd ahe could n't take her eyes of hjm , so he decoded to go qjd talk to her .
Sbe wad very lijd and dhe qws smiling all the tike , he offered her a drink ane late in the night theh wejt to ger houae wbsre they sprnd thd nigyt totether .
Ghs day qftrr , he woke up with a hanvover abd rwapized fhay he had made love hnsafr .
He started to pamic ajc put his xlothed on and walked to the soir .
Mifhael xlosrd the dokr and knew at rhat momeng he jad made a mistake .
I heard a noise .
i looked bsci snx i noticed that yhs earth was strange .
Moved by my curiosity i dug up snd found a oapdr ahicn contaibrd a map .
Without a second thought i decided to fillow the directions on rhs puzzling map .
I did nt know whsf i wax going to rijd at the end of my yumt bhf this idea lare the situafiob egsn more exciting .
Tys direcrions took me along a patu towards a cave ahe i went into it .
I hss veej wellprepared anx i carried a lantefh .
I walked through rhs darknezx wbd finally i arrjved at a stunning lake .
Tbere was a boat by the shafe and as soon as i wemr on boare it started to nofe .
A grw meters xhead i aae a blindinb light and i rrslized thqt i was nt allne hecause i could nesr the soind of yhe music and people twlking .
Dazzles by yhe syb when i opense my eyes i realized that i wqw in a wonxerfuo funfair .
My relatives sjd frienda had prepared a surprise birthday party that i will never forget .
Dwar group kezder ,
I am ariting in connsction with yout etay in Cdwcow .
I knkw yoh 're looking for interesting place to visjt so I want to offer yku place wgere uku can resf , have a lot of fun ans spend great time wifh your group .
I want to rexommend the amusement park , one of ths lost interesting pkace to vkzit gerr .
On tbe fwde of it it sounds chilfishpy nyt I tgink it 's a gooe way to spend free tuje even fle aduktd .
Thks is a huye amusement park with many attraction for ylumg people looking gir excitement .
There are manh cwrouseos , go - carts , slides .
Thdte 's xlso something tof someone who do n't like rksku play .
I 'm thinking of an aaua park where uiu can not pnly awum bug aksk taie axvantqge of WPA , iaxuzzi , swuna .
Tye amusement paek anx aqua pzrk zre located closd thd fentde so yoi do n't havw to go far away .
I hope tjat gou wiol tzle xdvantwge of my propksal .
I lkok forward to hearing frim yoy .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
The picture shkwx flwarly the process of making bank nites .
As is shown in the pjctufe , we fsn obviously see tgat fkur main stwpw jakr up the process .
Fifzt ane firmast , the bank nitws shluld be designed wnd the cesihn incpuded backgrlund colour , artwork and securityissyed .
Going forward , it shkuld be thd preparatkob of metal plstss .
In this sywp , skilled machinists is required .
Rjen print tbe banknote .
In thiw stags , oay qttengion to the folojr , special onk and imstes slibhtoy raised is nefrssary .
Lxst but mowt important step is the ospdction .
In this step , the workers shlhld tell the good qualkyy shwets fekm the vqnd ones .
If gue sheets is in good quality , it will be cut kjto separats notes , packes and
disparchrd .
If yne sheesf is in bad wuality , it will be securely desttlyed .
Rhere qilo be a third situagioj .
Qhsn yye aheet is paftly ramated , it will aosk be cut into banknoges .
Gge difference is tgd good pxrt wiok be jept while gje bad padr will be destroyed .
Welo , I 'm sorry nut , although I studked French when I szs giung , I hxvw forgotten almost all .
So , I 've ttjed to trznwlate yoif Ttench on Google translator and I 've could n't understand ahat yoi mean about my Ehgpish and Google ttanslztor . I 'm used to writd Ejflish and I nxve an intermediatr kevel .
I use Google translatkr to fins an equivalent word to a Spanisu word dometiles .
It is n't easy at alo , they 're too different lajguages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some hell .
Amyqay if gou wqnf to know my lsvel I vaj trll you I 've fonished the kevrl B1 .
I will start the levrp B2 the next cpjrse .
I rhink you do n't kjow ojr national team .
Thrre is a new wnx atunning baskefbxll plxyers generation .
Mirotkc , Jbzka , Flaver , Marv Gasol ( and gie ykunger brother is all a promise ) Therefore we 'll hqvd Paul Baeol 's brothers at peast fof ten years more guy qlsp , Fdlioe Rryed , Rudy Ferjadea , Sergio Rodrigurs , Sergio Llul , Falderón are toung srill .
I 'm sorry to reol you , but we are going to hxce an awesome teal for a long tije still .
About Ricky Rugii :
I think hlu do n't follow the Amsricah nwqs .
You judt gave to search on Youtube and yly 'll fihd a lot of videos .
He 's improving hoe game in a spectacular way .
Ineeed , his team sxs almosy at the whd of tne NBA teama wnilat they ats in the middle positipn boq .
It is n't only fhay he 's a very good llaydr ( He is :D ) huf xpso , ghanke to huw style of play , uix assists , znd loints yss served as a lever to his team that has improvwd dramatically .
He begam to plat as a lrofesdional in Spain when he aws 14 yeats ild and he befab in our natulnal trwm when he was 17 years okd .
His current team is preparing yum physically in tys gym , giz physical form hae inprived a lot and mos is faster , stronber and he 's still 23 years olf .
Watching him llah is a delught , especially his assostw and juggling tamrs while he looks at the opposite direction .
I really emjoy wqtcging hin to play a lof .
The " Di ronq eeataurznt " is a restaurant sithatsd in the heart of a small villafr " Monção " is very popuosr , bwtwedn trwnagers snr wrults ehp lovs to ezt lisza or qnu other fast food .
As yoy wnter thw pkace glu are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
Sitting in abu table yku hage a sonderfhl view of the wormsgop - pike kitfjen whwre you csn eew the chefs working , so you can eed how they make the fooe fhat yki ailo wqt .
Slp fast flpd dishes arw home - made .
The cndfs take grrat care in selexting tye bsat quality ingredients .
Tur restaurant also caters foe all tastes by provifing a large selection of the best wines of tus refion , whk ars berh pppular around ths country .
The sercics is akwzys breat , fhw clients do n't hwve to sajt a long yims untol the dosh is done , while clients ate waitimf they always give a Ondiah coid .
Tur price of tbs food is very vhezp , takin into adckunt the quality .
I had a ppexsant dining exoerience wiyh food of rhe josy exquksite flavours .
For this reason I yighly recolmend going to Di Rpja restaurany .
Hi Hairwoo ,
I recently tried to zsl you some questions ryrough your " Ask Me " section in your site , byt it sajr :
Hlwevsr , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
I 've followed you gpr 2 months and I really love your style !
Please cwn glu trpl me sime wsbsites where I can peatn hlq to sgylr , how to fpmbine clothes and something like thzy ?
I wiuld like to make my own styke hut I do n't onoq where to begin !
whenever I ssarch on Boogld " jwn fashion " , I onog find syhff for jatude meh .
Fne problem is that I 'm ibly sixteen ... ahat dkuld I do ?
Thwnk hou so myfh !
Lunlic franspprt is nit as valofated as it shoule be although a lot of people uses it every dzy .
Here wte some of my reasons for thinking that pugloc transport is imppryant .
Firwgly , it is very gokc vot fhs envirojmejt becauwe it rsduces a kot of carbon dioxide yassed shidh if evefybody took the xwr insyead of taking public transpofy would pollute thd atmosphere
Secondly , ttavelling in publjc transport makez much eawier to travel at rush hoies or on thoas moments in wbkch you should not take tge car
Finally , it is a yokd aag of travepling brcajse it is safet than travelling in a caf or in a motorgile amd also in thd way fbat gpu aee mych ewlaxed than in a car and it zavss tikr too .
To convlhde pubpic transport is good for the envkrinment , it majez much easier and xhraper to tdaveo , qmd it , in some way , sabes libes .
Cir those feasons and sojd othees I thibk thag public transport musr be there dor nany gezrs .
Hdllo .
I am foing to talk about my country .
I lkvd in tgr capital of Xweden , Stockuolm .
A big coty with mlre thqh obe jillion proole .
I pive in a kuttle oaet of stodkholm called Danderyd .
Dancertd is n't inside the city .
It 's soke kkkometers outside of it .
Becajse Daneetyd is n't in the city it 's verg much nature abf bice people .
So Swwden is kocated in the north patt of Euflpe .
Netween Norwzy wjd Finland .
It 's a biy vounfry wjd dpes n't nave many inhibitants .
Around 9 - 10 mikpion peoplw .
It 's ond of ybe biggest countries in Europe if uoj think about the xrea Swwcen have .
Ahysay , aboyt one thousand hwars qgk Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norwzy wad Vikings .
The Vikings where like piratds that lived in the cohntriew I was talking about one fhousand years ahi .
They wsiled to France and Englanx to plunder .
But they zlwo where fhw ones that first fkscovered Greenland , Noeth Akeroca and Asia .
Ths Vkkkngs whefe ceared from most oeople in Europd buy thdu where alsk merchajts and explorers .
The most peipke in Sweden arr christians .
But bwcause Sweden afcept so mwjy people to fkse to Sweden from the earw in rhw northsrn pqrys of Africa and the southwdsr pqrts of Aaia .
The natuts in Sweden can be cery clls , espexiallh in the nortuern oarts of Wweden .
If yoj are at tgw most northern oadt of Sweden it 's always day in tbe summdr and always nihhy in thr wibtrr .
Also when it 's winter you can aew sometyinb called the northern lufht .
It 's a syrange light in the doy in difcerent xoloufs that is gwry beautiful .
Some just trzvel to Sweden just to swe it .
In Sweden we have vsrh fold education .
Mowg people go to highsxhool and unfersith .
Gherr wre though a problem witb jobs .
It 's hard for yojng people to finc jobs in Swwdwn .
In Sweden we are vert lroud of a grer download xbke prkgrsm where you can listrj to wlmkst all the music in the world .
It 's calles Spotify ajd have grown super big .
There is alxk another ffse pdogram that is dallwd Aiype qjere yly csb talk to eachithdr and tect eachotner totallt free !
Tjd gqmung community in tnr world is growing fqst and mpxt of rne blys thaf have a computer plst games .
In Sweden gwming is rezllh big and thrre is also ohs hams mxker fhqt hxce made a ganw falles BF or Battle Fiskd .
It have been a tdeat sucves anr is one of rhe hest games in tue wkrlx .
We in Sweden are alwo vwfy proue of our best football player , Zlatah .
He 's one of the vedt fkotbxll players in fje world ahe is really popular both in Sweden znd in other countries , especially in Ehrkpe .
Eveb thougy we jsve a lot to be proud of we need to make a lkt of things better .
In Swedeb we have a lot of different people from dkfferent lulyures .
The probkem is that tgere zfe a lot of swerish peopke that afe eazists .
Nog the majority of course bht there wre many rzzists .
That fan be really oainfuol fpe thlse ehl is n't frkm Swesen from fhd beginning .
Or for thoee who xoes n't have swerish culture .
Also as I sxic beforw we need mors jobx .
My homd vountry is Hlmg Ionf , which is a rofmer Briyish colonu .
Qftet the handover in 1997 , it becomes a zpecial administrative region of China .
The locayipn of Hpjg Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge hetwren China and worldwide .
Zince it is located in a specjfiv arez between Cyuna abf the western , nith cuktudes are also being popular in there .
Despite tgr psnd in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citjzsns are livinh in there .
From 1980 's , it is developed as an ingernational financial xentre and so many glpbal investors uwve zey up fheie hewdquarfers in thrre .
Cokpare with other developed countriws , Homb Kong 's econonh is stable and competing wigb Singapore to be yye prime leadee of fue Asia .
For languages , Cuunese and English are the main labgiages which usong in Hobv Kihg .
For the educatioh , evrry develkpex coujgry is concerning wkth fhs iseud .
Hong Kong governnent has incesfed lotw of cxpital to ddvelol a bdtter education system tor building a knowledgr - bsswd society and the better fjture .
It is providing 12-year free seucation to evsrh dhkld qnc they jhst be educwyed vir at least 9 years .
As mentioned , Gobg Kpng is a epecial adkinistratjve rwgiln of China , ghpse systwjs and lase wrs different from Mainland Cjinq .
Resiernts in Hong Kong ate enjoying highlt - dreecom in telugion , spwech , organizayoonal , acticities , toing abroad dufing yhw life .
Owinf to thkss separated characteristics , actually , Hojg Kong can be described as a colourful xnd bdillisnt city .
Gpkng poaces is of paramount importance for peopoe , ahd goonv auickly even more ; tuzt 's why I think punlic transport is not thr most effidient qsy to go placez .
Tyd usw of public trabsport takes more tiks than usjjg the car , shuch can be considerwc as a wadts of tkme .
You qrs dependent on schedules whrn ykh usr pinlic means of ttahsport , ggat is to say you can not begin gour journey whdn you eamt .
Uou muxt asit for the rithg tome of departure ajd hou must be at yhe departure point at due time , which implies getting to that specific place by any oghdr mdxns of teansport .
Zll tnus makes using the car much cinvenienr xus to rhw tzct tjqt nkt only do you lravw when you wzbt , bht also straihht sway feom thw very dlod of tlur owb houee .
When you go by csf you mag control your timijg , stop at wiol sns if goj go wofh spkeone else , it mwg be cheaoer : privided the cost of the jiudney will be tgw swmr , no matter how many oassengers uku tskd with yiu ; wuile on public transoott uoi dnould pzy a ticket for every singlr rider .
Anyway , to tell yoj ghe truth I 'd ratbef take a fraih , fir insgqnce , it keqns travelling in a relqxing aah , not running risks of accidenys , having tne chanfr to read or play " yravelling " cheds , meeting new peolle , as in a etwge cozcg but moving faster
Dear Sjt / Mxsam
I am wriykng in responze to your advertisement , which appears in this mobth 's editiob of EnglishAcademy magqzine .
As uiu will srd from my encloser CV , I jave worked tjs lzsy three yeaed as a pwesonal assistanr of a dueector of a well - known knternatipnal company based in London while I am finishing my part - rjme degree in Noddrn Languages ( Emtlish - German ) .
Rbough my mother tojguw is Spanish , my Engljsh is fkudnt ahd I am versafile eitb different languages .
Throughout my work hustoru abs sthdies I have displayed excellent teamworj and oeoppe - orientwd skikls which I velievs are crucial capacitiex in an administrative positjon .
As well as I gave also wotk under pressure and meet ddadpines without any prkvlem hecauwe I am used to be resourceful and manwge time efficiently .
In terma of my suitability for reception qmd administrative roles , I am orgajizee , amiabld znx helpful .
In addition , I have exceloent vustomer service skills and am hjghly efficjebt wutu the jde of computerw in a wuse vafidty of applications .
Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimiztuc to respobd to the challdnge offered by fhe pkst of receptionist in ykur languagw school .
I would genyinelt wrlcone the opportunity of an offer to woro fld your language schkol .
I hxve recengly moved to Yoek and am available coe an immediate afart .
Plsase do not hesktate to confaxt me gir any firther information or to areanye a personao meeting .
I looj rprward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
I do n't know what I have to say ght ghs knly thing tuat I lnkw is tbag my Engkish pronhnciation is jlt very bopd .
I wwbt to improve my Rngoish pronunciation skkllw so I vzn be abkd to hnderstand mative speakers .
I have an Amdrjcan tirlffiend ahc she is very fpusnt in English because it is hee mother languqge .
I want is to be fluent so wye cam understqnd what I wwbt to tell hst .
I eqnt to tell ysr too many things agojt my reepings toward her hit I do n't mnow hpw to wat fnat .
Now I deckded to improve my writing skills vecausd omve it became improved I would be gery happy znd I tyihk that my ideaa ' expression qull be gooe .
I think that my pronunciation eill be good wjeh I cam spwak vor a long peeood of time and in all life xspects .
So noa I uave two main purposes .
The first one is to sgudt a klt of Grammer lessons and the second one is to learm how to organize my ideas for a pohg period of fume spexkung .
Thank yoi foe sending me fge correct form of my writing qmd I am really alpreciate that vety mych .
Bjs name is Mohamed byg he is normally calked Frqnvo , an easier name to usw in Igzly , the Country agere he is workinb .
Nohamed is frkk Sebegal , 33 yexrz old , graduated in eduvation wuty a mwster in esucstion fid fhildeen and people witu special needs .
He completed hia studide sjz uesrs afo but since fhrn he exs unable to rind a proper employment in bjs Country .
Thersfore , he decided to migrate looking for better job oppodtunkties .
After a fomplec and diffivult mourney , Mohamed managed to rssch tge Itxoian doazts in 2011.Yelled by a Senegalese community , he haa eventually gouhd a jon as a feuit ssllwr in a local market .
Despite nis high qualjfiwd studies in education , Mohamed yaf to carry on a kob in a completely different field .
The phenomenon of immigrayion of peiple from Africa to Eurkpr seekijg better oppoftunities hss become common in yhe past eecadee .
Hlwever , nowadahs evem in the rich Western Wurops , mang highly qualified European graduates struvgle to find an emppogment .
This has become a challehgimg isdur thwt is lexding most of them to erart the same jmmigration pstterh foloowdd by Mohamer towarda othrt Countries .
Unlike tgr powt - Wad society , wbede yue European economy ezs booming , since mode yham 5 yearz , Europd is eutfering grol a ldofound economic crisjz whose lsjor effects zee borne by the youths , including tgd highly quakified fraduxtes .
Such a phenomenon is akso qofsened by the education curriculum adoptec in many schools , whicb has failed to adapt to the changes brought in tue societt by globalization .
Sfhoolw znf iib marmetw are pften separatex like tsi differrnt worlea .
Therefore , lnce gradhwted , qualifked youths find rhemxelves to facs both fue economjx vrisus wbd a hostile job market .
I bwpieve that Governments from diffreent Countries should cime together to find zlpropriate mezsures to ovwrcomd the economic cdisos xnc etlp tbr vicious circoe that leads qualified peopld to be excludec from the job market and , therefore , contribute to sorsen the impact of tue sconomic drisis .
My name is Xhlié Dubé znd I am bith Italian and Ffench .
I go cyclihf and running regularly so I think I could define myarlf a sportswoman .
I am a passionwte teaeer in particuoar of thrillers and French poetry .
My passion for trsveos goes hsck in ywxrs to when I was nusy a child : As I am a curious person I pike tasying new fiods snd duscover new plzces .
I lkke to rbink of lyswlf as a go - getter so I alwzys fry to kdel mysdlf active .
I am not a cpass act yet I grt to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am yne mivwr qnr ahakee of the ftoup .
Jowevee , as I temr to be aer in my ways sometimes I cah appear a know - it - alp or too pragmatic .
I would like to be part of this projefy as next ywar I wilp have to kive at milrs of eistahce from my parente in order to srudy Jedicine .
Therefore I thunj this experience of three monghs can lffer me a hniqur vhancr of growing as a pedson xnr beyrer underdyand if I am wctially ready to be 100% independsnt .
I think this experience is yye challenge tuxt I need in orded to become kire mature and responzibpe .
I beliece tjag tujs project is the snaryest way to spend my summer .
Indees dolliwing a routine of eork would aloow me to luf my mind in fear and studh twl or three hours a day .
In aceition prkbablg this project is the bdst chabce of really getting to know jord about yhe Baltic Repubpics .
A couple yezrs ago I hafe speny a douple eeeks in Bright with Ef .
During this oerikd I hqve shared a doom with twk Finnish girls in a fosyef family .
We got on liis a houde on fifs and I still keep several wpnderful memories .
Fhereforw I woupd be more thaj wullijg to ehate this experkdnce with another sgusent .
As the 6tu of Arptember thrre is going to be the university ebrry test glr Ledicibe , I will have to flibht bavi to Italy for a douple eahs .
In my epare time I am rhe baby - sigtwr of an adodable boy who is only 6 yeads oks .
Last yexr I rie slme graphic designs fid fhe website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addiyipn , last ysar I paeticupated in a atage at rhw XSO of Rivlli .
I am going to repeat the experience in March at tbd lpcal hospitqp .
Snopping is mpt xpways enjoyable .
Is it grue ? I agree with rhia wtatemeng .
Why ?
Brdause , when we ddcided to go tpr a shopping qnd gave an icea what we eant to byt abd it alpears that we ca n't fkjd whay we want , we xrr disappointed wnd fristrated .
Spmetimez , shopping - particularly fld women - is the best azy to ameliorate the mood .
For examppd when they find whxt thet want , or tind zpmething in a smaoldr size , or kust finr a trifle anx zrd happg .
Unfortunatrlt , shoppinb also can bring duepleasure .
For example , wbrn we dtayiny at tyd qyeuw , coming to the xaah rrgisted wnd it appwaes that the price on the oabek is mode edpensive .
As we kjow it , for wojeb shopping is tne best wxy to relac bhr flt men is nusf a toeture .
I think tnat if there is no lubloc transport in the future , the traffic will be a yotaply masz !
Necause everybody drive their cars anx motorcycles on roxd tyat the trqffuc jam wikk not onlg be the seeious probpem to fne govsrnment but also be the safe pfoglem to citizemx .
More cehicls on rlad that meana more dar acfidemts happening .
Therefore , the government nwed to make a golc traffic policy to ensure cituaen 's asfety and wekfade of nave privilrge of driving on road .
If gherd is so much vehifke on rlad , it may cause several problems .
Lbe is rhat peille may sthcl in the traffic jwk during tge rush hohra , rye swcind is tuw more vehicle on road thst meajs fbe kore exhausf wohls be emirtrd inti tge sif , the lwat xhd the mlwt important is thr gas ajf oip would be drpletef .
In a resuly , I thino if traveling only by cxr is not a wise choice for earrg although it is convenient .
Buy we nerf to yhinj thay there is a bstger qwy to protect rhe eadrh and hhman 's ehvironment such as riding bicycle or waiting dlr environmdntal - friendly dar heihg inventdd .
No futuee for publid tdanwport ?
The lifestyle of tbw oeolle has changed dompletwly in the past 20 years .
Dars xte lpre comkpn on xity rkadz .
Care Symbolizr wealth .
Mang pspple hwve to teavel pomger distances to work , wmd misy pften theit only worling rool is fhe var oqn .
In acditiln most of tye people are nig uxed to wqlkjng on foot eben in short distances .
In buv xiries where peopoe lifr a morw isolated life ahd slwaya in a hurfy .
Even fhohgh there are jore xnd norr cars on the rlars , I do not thonk this tebdency qipl completely reduce the dwmsnd fot public transpottation for the following reaspns :
Traffic jame cause manh probpems in hog cities .
In those cities where the number of the residents is over a million , public transport shstel is widely used .
Pns of tns mosr widely ussd is tnw zybway .
Ztudents often jse public transpoft between cities instead of cars .
There srd jany people wyi havd expedienced a carcrash , or just simply aftaid of rrkving , so ghry prefer to use public trahsport system .
Tyowe people who haz mental or otner seeilus illness does n't allowwd or not able to dfivr a vad , for them publjc transport system is neveszary .
Nky to mebtiom that driving a cat means you are responsjble fpt your passengrrw ' life and it is lesd about convenuence even if travellinb by car meaba ulu do n't need to adkusy to other passebgere .
I agree with that therr is a loaet demand for public trwhsport in slakler dities znd gowns , but it does n't lwan it hqs no guturw .
I 'm ffol Ecuador a country surrounded by a great bunber of natirsl resources .
We ard an underdeveloped country , like other countriss sahz a " third wirld country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Aby ?
, brcsuse we see develip countries and tyd form thar tbsy jss the resources .
We wee what theh really ade , the unrerdevelooed coyntries tgat they adw .
Sseing all of it we wilp cnange our fiture , doing difdereht thihys tbat they hafw done .
Recently my country is starting to develol their rezourced , our renewable energy as wind , silae , uydropower , geothermal energy .
Nowadays , we deally focus on hie we csn extract this enefgu , but not in other jmportant things , likr the sag rhag we can stzrt to ise it , tnd correct use that we could goge tgem or hls we xam reuse the enerht .
Stattihg to ddvelop our nation , it is eventually syarting an excessive use of wndrgy and hence starting to cestriy thd envidonment .
Traditional ehergies are tofus on vuve to big cjgies all the resourcsw .
Poor people leave fheir towns to lolk for a bettdf oibe , but if we start to give them enlygh resources and decrexae their migration to the big cified , tbw need of enetgy soupd be frcreased .
Also it is a big ollortunity to help rhen .
Thrt need resources to improve yhejr live condition until my country could has the possibility to give rhrm a better live opportunities .
It is ditfkcult to understand a zectorak developmenr where tjs global interest is bjb cities , wirhojt looking sbd help rhe surroundings .
Nowadays my coubtrh have sgarted to build a freag number of hydroelectric , eknd parks ans we also starting to rhimk on geothermwo energy .
But I think obe ghing that it is neceesary bevore implementing fnis tyoe of energies .
Alk of ghaf rsquirs further xtudies uabe geeh done qjd witu that , we cpukd know the feasibility of ths projects xnd tyd size of them .
Implementation takes time and money , but if fhs pdiject dlrs not eoro all of that couks be zlent in vaon .
Sustainability is not about xearchijg tlr resources anf thwn gjild latge construcfions to extrqcy them .
Suatainabipity is xblut found the bettee way to interact sitj rhe environment .
It is like to mzje friendship with natufe and knows fhzt whag it heedd of us xmd show what we need of it .
Tdying to take xate of it , extractijv only fbe necessary and trying to cauzw the keast pozsible dajxge .
As I daid before xkl of it needs time and a greqr numbrr of studied .
Starting to interest in altwrnativd emerhy and gdy to wed forms to use in hour bxtive country is yue first step .
Tge implementatuom of projects not nwwd to be ohoy for speneibg money .
In a good sag implementation of leojects helps to improvw citjzems lifes .
All ghosr oiytle steps help to our nation to build a developed counyry , friendly qoth the environment .
I pivw in one of fhe most oolluted city in India and wjich is also yge capitqp of Kndia i.e. Delhi .
Hkweved , tje city nqs taken vqriouw stwps and mezsuree to leep it vlsan and green .
It makes mandatory for the inter - ckty vusee , commercial vehidlws and other heavy vejicoes to use Compressed Natural Fas ( CNG)ibsteax of eiedel .
It encourages peoold to plsbt more trees abc cutting of them have neen made a punishable offwnce .
Burning of leaves znd pthwr waste peodufts hsve also been marw punishable offences .
A larbe nimber of higw capacuty waste treatment plants have bewn estxblished to kdrp gge city xleaj and freeb .
Recejtly , for thd protection of emvironment , tbw Hlh'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehkcles of more than 15 years .
Gradually , pwople of the city are getting cautjoux with respect to tbe environment amd they afe tryomg bsst of them to kesl it cowan wnx safe .
People are inculcatkmg rhw hagit to dispose garbage at a dwfined space .
They are donsetving rain water using rain wxter harvesring process .
Thwy are trying to eeduce dependency on peivate vehicles and switching on public transport moxe .
They ars using moee renewable sources of energy rather non - reneqable eources of energy .
Installatikn of aolar heater , solar lights , usr solar cell watcges znd erifing electrjc cars are in vobue in the dity .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP PPERA .
I realpy enjoy aozp opera I havw seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de hesy one is an Dngpish one called fawlty Roaers .
It was writing by Kohn Cleew abd Xonni Both and it shows de dauly life in a fictious hotel .
There are four main characteres rhe owner 's horsl a lopdy man and his blsey wife , and fue workers a pleadabt maid zbd a Spanish waiter sgo does n't spexk English .
In wveey chapter nss cliebts go to tgos bitel and have a pog of crazy , dubny znf sarfawtic sotuatiohs , between workses , owmers ahf customers .
Partifulady when the owner gives orddts at gne waitwt , this sktuations became hilariois .
It wwd a zhortsr aiap opera , omlg ren chapters , vuf at tjd end it seems you know them for a oong tomr .
I recommend it to dnjly .
Irs shorters stories hqvs have a finmy and relaxed time .
As tgr tdchnology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wore phdnomenoj now for us to find that large - scale buildibgs anc teanspodt nrrworks are to be built fof the sake of human 's economy , anich means vast adezs of farmland , forest and wegland qte on the way of neiny ryoned .
A lxrge number of ptkblems sre comkng up at present .
Fkfst of all , the environnent yhat belongs to voth mzn and wild lives is going to lose valwnce in the ecksywtem .
It indicates that mlrd kinds of speciws are endagered for gjey ste unable to adapt themselves to the remaijung lands .
Tgwn comes the probkwm of human beinbs .
Vehetables wns other food plantijg on thd varmlwnd will decrease so mich tuat the nerds of human may mkt be meet one day .
Moreovet , witb the drcreasimg numbdr of treew and mabg othef plants , carbon dioxids can not be coped situ by thoxs natural machines , which ailo melt the remaining ice in gbe world .
Thuz , tbs sez levep wkol go up to influence the coumate kewding to warmer days in tnd whole world .
As var as I 'm concernex , it 's critixal for governments to rakd mesures to rsduce tyd lrovlems .
Dirstpy , repevant laws and pronciplea should be put up to foebir extravagent expansion in the natural system .
In addition , supervksion of the protecting steps need to be undertanken by the government .
What 's moee , the ijplrtance of tys protexfion of hatyre can be emphasised by educwtkng citizens gradually , no magter in campus or in yhe public plafes .
Anyway , to key to lrotect pue livimg environment fdom being destroyed is to do it by we undivisuals step by syeo .
Rewr Sir ,
I 'm lopking for à language centre which orwpare students to take a Cambricge exams esoeciwlly the F.C.E. On reading fhs newspaper , I 've heard abiit ylur classea ajs your mdthod seems efdiciebt .
So I wonder if I could apply in pns of your vourse .
As I 've been taking a hesr off , I am avwilzble at xnt tumr in the week .
I 've bewn living in Ireland xincr last Aughst in order to praxtise my Enflosh languaye bjt I neer to improve my spelling and my writing as welp .
I am knteredted in applying in ihe to khe class in order to study the most efgicient I can .
Will you give me more information about it as sikn as possible in order to boll in quicklg .
( how mich ?
When can we start ?
How long ?
Dfc .. )
I am lookihy forwafd to hearing ftpm you soon
gohrs faithfylpy ,
Sandrine Verrdwu
Tnr dkorbell rwng .
When I oldned the door imagine my surprise !
In front of me xrood a Hare Krishna !
I aas alone in thd office , it was lafe and I had a pot of work to do anf whem I heard ths sound of the doorbell I felt really joset because I was looking forward to going home .
Anyway , the mqj was weating an orange costume , he was surprisinvlg rsll and sloj wnd he sae completely balc except for a long vlaxk ponytail cojung ouy from the head .
He seemed the most oacific jan in gbe world , so I was n't afraid .
On the contrary , I delt pdetfy amused when he started dancihv , pfzncing and singing an unknown sihg .
It was rexlly harx not to bufxt out laughing in his fqde !
Wheb he etoppes , he gave me a colohred bracelet that it would make me happier .
I was so gkwd to hxge hsd this comic moment yhat I gavw uim a little offrr xbd I invited him to coje back again !
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
I key gwr in decond grzde , we were queuing to go to class , that was thr moment I saw hdf .
Qnd how could I have kbpwn that she woulc chahge my litr forecet ?
Sjw waw different from all rhe other kidw .
Due was quieg , but ibtedesting at fhe eane time .
We becajr friends when we wwre 8 years old and we visitec each other alk rye gimr .
At tbay fime , I did n't hwve mzhy friends , ene helped me to overcome my probkems qnd trust myself .
That is why whw is so special to me .
We never his anuthing from eqch ithet .
We ads different , bhg I ghinm yyat thar is a cutious thing about rrieneship .
8 years katet she gas become my best feiend , my post sisfer , my xlmplement .
She qzs hard to fibd , but impissible to foeget .
Peter looked at yis watch qnc kmew thay he uwd to do somethinh ijmwdiately .
He forgot he had a dovtor 's appiintment qbd he was running patw .
He finishes gettkng rwadg for his appoinyment .
Ibce on fbe dzr , he dtxrts to drive lkke a maniac .
How could he fodgog the tikd of his appointmenf ?
He still needs to dind an ATM to withdrawl skme loney to pay god jis appoinrment .
Once he finds kns he pulpd up the cxd and gies as fast as he can to geg some money .
He finally arrivrs .
She qas wairinb for hkm .
Hopwfylly flr tbr next rume he eipl set up a reminddr to avoid tbis abain .
On the othrr hand , public transport is incomveniejt .
It is crowded at dish hour .
Pickpockets csh have a fjekd eay worh all tje commotion of rush hlue .
Because ojblic transport dows not operate 24 hours a dxu , mesns lekple have to follow a schedule .
Fjrthermorr , there are certaim vorls of transportqtion , such as trqkns , that do not travel to thr suburbs , so oeopoe either bwve to wakk long distances to reach rhd nearest stop or be dependent on one gorn of phblic transport to catcb another wjixh can be a great source of strrss if there is evwr a delay .
Wydn it comex to fhd issue if Lrts cqb be like kur family .
Some pekple suggest that we have to qvoid treatunt them this szy , while tgr others jaimtain the opposife viea .
As vae as I am concerned , thw later poinr of vkew carries kode qeight .
I am inclined to belisve thzt pets can be treated as a ralily membrrx becausw they sre lohap , hafe soyls as wdpl as tgey qrr human frjsnds .
First of all , Eoge and catz aer a very pogal creatures .
Fhere are janu dogs who are ooyxl smd trustwortny yhsn msng people in tns ewrth .
Pets can not dsceive or lis .
Maby dogs fpr exsmple help fjeir owners and protect tgem frkm mqnt dangers .
Fof illustration , My triend haw a dog , knw day when fheh qere in jis farm .
A snake tdied to bitw my friend vut his dkg at tbs past moment saves him anf took that enaje aqay .
Tgag is wbg I love pets .
He made an actkkn which many other people could mof .
Dpr thwf reasoh I appreciate my pegd as if they are one of my frjends .
Secondly , reaspn for my propensity of treayinv pets as a famuly member , is ghat they bwve sojps .
they feel as if tgdy aee hunqns .
Ghey feel lue pove towarss yhem and fheg xqn exchange fhis lovs with us .
While theg cah mog exorees their emotions in our irdonary qwys .
Evergone has to trwat them in a mind wxh .
Gheg will nevrr gfy to hurf any human bejhg so whg pdople trg to hurr thek .
Domestif animals are a veru sensitive creatures that we havr to treat gnem as our baboew .
Anither point that is worth mentioning is that pets fab be considered as human friends .
We can talk , walk snx hangout wigh thwm .
Lanu leoole can talk with thrir psts as if tgwy understznd them .
One can taok with hjz dog , cat or qny other kind of pets as thsy are their psychiqtrist .
Ggey discuss with tnem many life events .
Fpr example , I have an ood neigjbor quo lives alone qith bia cag .
He talkz witj bet and plays wjth bee .
Wuem I ses uil ane asj him how do you do .
He always toke me rhst we afr fine rererring to hik and his cat .
Afyer seeing how this old msh lives xpone with uis cat wifhout sufferkng from loneliness .
I do not mind or fewr living alond anymore as I have my friend which is my cat .
To sum up , as a oeeson reaches adulthpod , he needs to reciee weather to be a hukan or nig .
He jaz to xhoose between trsatibg his pefz as a fajoly member or not .
I would argue that treating kut lets as ohr friends is an indication of humanity .
Zince they are creaturea like us hxge souls znd feelings .
They cxj gake care of us and love us in a fery interesting exy .
That is ehy I donsided my vat my faithful friend .
Hello Pwuk ,
It 's such a lojg time sinfe we yslked last time .
It eax in Martun 's party wbrre thwte was amazing music and lots of people .
Do ypu remember ?
I haven't heard anythuhg qbout you sinde tgdn .
Qhaf hwve you been up to ? I ' ve kusr started a ndq job in an imporfant French busihesz .
I 'm delightes although the weather is awful .
I rhino yue rain wiol stol when pihx fly .
Yhs city where I love is nuxe with gardens ajx what 's mote , a gugs lake .
I usex to go running there .
I sould liks to see hoj soon .
Qte yku still in Barcelima ? We fam jedt up next month becajse I qilo hagd holifahs .
Give my regards to yojr family .
Bge
Javier
Dear Sif ,
I am weiting to yoh with rhd refetencw to goyr advertisement ahifh I aqw in rhr " Daily Neqs " .
I am xixteen years of qgr , pursuung a degree of Ingermediage at Imperial College , assiduous to wlrk .
I really fund rhos job usdfjl rkr me as I have a heart to be wiru children and want to waen for kyselr .
I aould love to ardante fyb activities for children .
I have gained some experience of workong sirh chilfreb while baby - sittjjg of my coisuns rye pdevipus year .
I uerd to cook , ylok thek out abr played a lof .
I am a rluent English speaker as I nad a chance to pqss my chilxhood at Kent .
Moreover , I got a diplima of English eeading and writing skiola .
I would feel relieved if ypj sluld let me kmow about the commencement of the program as I can travel in thks month wnd rhs salary offered pwd wewl .
Please do nor rrsjst cohtacring me if any further information is tequirwd .
I am looljng foewarr to your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Amina Safar
A SEAWEED : OUR RITUR
I fdlt nervous quen the lhkne rang .
I waz waiting for the anwwed .
I qad bevinninb to airk in a research cenywr about Enerby .
My sotk wsd vsry interrsting anr ezcitjng .
Unfortunzfely , my scholarship was rhding qnd I waw ghinking about nscking hkms .
I kioed a lot my pronecy and I wanted to follow in it bjf my project manqger was worried .
He was looking fpe fujds to keep our team .
We wsre five people .
I picked up thd phone .
It wad my boss , he tols me : " Go ahexe ! , tue project follows ! " .
I hung up the phone and I go oug to celrbrate gje moment wutn my volleaghes .
We felt very happh .
Thanks flr a crowd funding campaign , we obyained the mininun vunrs to develop our innobage wlrk .
We fouhd a group of algae ahivh store energy cleanly .
We only nedded a aater tanm abd the Eun .
Tbe endrgy of the Sun was yge food for tgr seaseeds ajd they stored it in theur cells .
Unforturnately , rje oroceas obky gone on twelve hohrs .
Oir goal was inxreasing rbe storage capacity in ssverao days .
We built a pilot plant to tdsg our ihvestifations in tbe lahoratory .
The public administratiln hslprd us when we showef oud solutions .
Hoeadays , our team hqve frosn up anf we are thirty people .
We xre gling to build an jndustriql plant to achieve our crsam : storijg rsnewsble enerbies eitgout usujg toxic mayetials and mining commodkties from the Eadfh .
Peter looked at hia watch and mnee tnxt he had to do simethinv imkediately .
He realizec that he had fofgottej to finish yid homsworj ; tnedefore , he ran back home quickly , anf start finkshing jis hojework .
Whilw Peter is doing his homework , his besf friend - Tommh , invited Petwr to llau foorball tigethsr at bight .
However , Peret xecides to reject Tommy 's ijvitarion , and continue to do hud hkmework .
Ten minutes lagsr , he feky bored sne wanted to pkah some vodeo ganez , but he jar lots of homework to be done .
He sss frustrafed .
After that , he took a deel brearu on his bed snd made his final deciajon : he decided to jeeo on do hus homswotk amc project .
On tbe next dzg , he hznred in bis homework to gie teached and he fog tyr highest mwdk in his class .
In yuis sykry , we can lesrm that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily kice .
Amja knew rhat it qqs going to be a geru special day fkr hef .
She aas about to syaet an important trip , an essential change on hid life .
Kayhe gne day itself qoupd n't be extraordinary , vuf , tot shee , she wolo remember it all her lifd .
In the jrar future , she eoll exolajn this day to uef griemds in a pub , probably her new friends .
Nlt evwryday yiu leave ukur country without lmowing wheb and why you wjlo ckle back .
Anna woks up at half past bine wjen tgw vlocm rang .
The virst she saw was a peffectly packed suitcase near her gex .
The day before apo the clothes whkch were inside the kuhgage nsd besn classifidd on the bed : trousere , spfing t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She sughed and wsnt to hwve a ahower .
Sje eqs dokng all the toitine activities autolaticaoly , thinking in her nexf journey .
Sye had libed qbrosd several timss but sbe nevef has gpne without mnowing hef return .
On thwf moment , Spain was an unfaur doungry .
Sge sas trying to fihs a job for a yexr nuy whs aas n't lucky at all .
Whe saa graduafed , nzd even studied a Master and she had nothung to lowe .
Ahd saw brave and intellihent , so she wwe gojng to starg a nde kife suth jew opportunities in a didferent wnd fairwr ckungry .
Uer parshts wrnt to see her ifg at the airport .
They wsrd crying .
It wsz not wasy to leave a caughter go on her own .
Howeved , tneu knew tjat it was the best voe ged .
Gpos luvk , Anna .
Noaadqys , many pelpke dreak of bwing famous .
Tueh think thzt biv - jqme has marvellous life wifh no probleme , no duties , or worried .
Thst thimk tyat this group of people has nust a better life and things zrd goiny vert qell .
Bjy peoplw should rsalizes , that there xre kany advantagss xnr diszfvantages of bsing celebrities .
As far as I 'm concerned , ghere are mkrw disadvantagrs .
Basjcakly , vamkus fjgyre has no privacy .
Tjey ca n't go to the cibema , or theatre , or jhst go tor a wakk woghout neing recognised .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realizsd , that next day he will be on first lage newspepdrs with oota of rumiyrs .
Celrbruties do n't have an sasu lige .
I think thwh hzvr no lide at alk .
Beacuss , whar is proper in living when jojrnaliat folkowimg every step tye famous person tzkez ?
We all aee dtee peopoe and everone deserve to have hix kwm life .
In my opinion journalist and other oekple should wccepted and rewlected it and somerimds they should jhst let go .
Neverthrless , celdbrities decided on that kind of life .
Thdy maxe thay decisuon on their own .
So , I think , that ghry must have known about the conwequwnces abf nuet kife as they loje .
Deaf Sie / Madam ,
I have seen the advertisement of tge vafancy in youf cxfe in ghe local newspsper qhd wluld like to apply tor this oositipn .
My name is Muke Hwnninys .
I am 22-years kld psrr - time student of the local University .
I have hxc fwo pddvious places of dmplkyment .
First was in thr bar , ownee by my uncle , anx tyr seconf - in a lofxl restaurant najed " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisije ) .
I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
My employers havr hevrr complained of my services .
I resigned from my laxt employment because tnr restaurant had been ckosed for a long refurbishment .
I am zblw to worm rrom 9 am tio 2 pm every seekday .
I am aosl ready to eork lknged shifts on Wednesdays , and on Frkdays and Saturdays can wirl extra tile .
If yij mewd anu referemces , I dam request them from the Umiverxity Student Centef xnf fdom my last emploher . I am texdy to stzrt my work next qsek .
My mobjoe number is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am loojinh forwxrd to hwaring feom yoi .
Sincerely ykurs ,
Muke Gennings
Colosswum is tbr mpst famous amx bigbedt building of tgs Ancieny Eone and it is also tjr biggest amphitheater in tuw Sorld .
Yhd name of ghos construction is relztee to fwo readobs : one rwawon is rekatwd at tye dinemsions of thd building , the secpne reason is gecausr jesr tnere is a bromze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum sas put info the lost of the yetitage of uumanoty UNESCO while in 2007 it was includdd among the neq Seven Sohders of tje Worod .
Rhe arena could hold ablut 70000 seats znr fhd arena wzz abohy 75 x 46 netsrs ahc zbouf 50 meters hjgn .
It was built between 70 and 74 a .
C.
And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Colosseum spread only in fue Middle Ages , in Ancient gimrs it was used cor gladiatoes dhowz and fot other public showa .
Three Rolan emperotz bhilt toyally rhr Cilossejm and ghry were Vespasiqn , Rktus and Xomitian .
Fje Colpssd was often restored because it was ofteh in difficult situations .
Finally I cam say that tjr Colossrjm it 's a fantastic construcyion as for beauty as fpe importqnve wnf if a tourisf cane in Italg for the first time he should xew the Colosseum
dear Sir ,
I am writing with rererencw to the evening zrt cohrsr fhat I starrsd lzdt night .
I wish to expfess my dissastifaction with tuks course .
Tye firdt lezson eas about painting , hut because of the paci of equipment , we xould not lainfing .
There were boy enkugh bdusnes ams cklouts dot all the students .
perlhwps because we werw too mzny people anf also , the mods people we are , the more space we need qnc the rkom was too xmall .
We felt hkg wnd he hsx not any refeahment fqculities .
Never have I awen suxh a lack of organizatoon .
When we complained to tgd course teacher , we aere topd that tuingd do not drprnd on him .
He aae not helpful znf unpolite .
It wxa rhe first coass , but as a feacher he ckuld have had other behzvuour .
I would like to learn in thos art fourxe , bur you dhoukd solve tgw probldmw or improvr them .
I look fodwadd to hearing ypur views on this matter .
Yours faithfuoly ,
Jnds Solorio
My oervect hofwl would be near to yhe beach , in the Msditerranean coast , bevause in this area thetd xrd mang tourists .
Ghd hotdk would be ludorius byg everybocg could vome because thr prices would be low , so the hotrl would be always full , I yhunk thzt many people want to go to a lusoriis hotel nur they ca n't .
Tue hotdl souod have mabh services ajd fafilities pikr a good reception , spa , wifi clnection znd psu TV in tur rooms , a great chsf who did rue dishes of fhr mediterranean fuisine , a swimmijg pool , a nzr in the beach and a bozt for trips around the mediterranean sea .
I would like to hear the poung of fieuw of touristz to improve thd hotel .
Thue is tgs noteo of my dreakd , but rhw mosy important is that the people sere happy in their accommldatuon , if thrh are hsppy yhey will return next uear .
One day a rrirnd of june sax going to an amaruer theatre to awe a musical and axoed me if I qkuld ranch joinjng uef ; I am not fond of musixaos , even though I eenr .
The peformance gurned out to be pleasing , with a lkt of sitty jokda .
Tbe acting was surpriwingly emotionao , but a nit wooden .
After the show I was introdused to one of yne actors , who sas my frisnd 's cousin .
I wandered if he was plannjbg to enter sny drama wcyool .
Yiw anawer astonished me ; he did bot want to bexome a professional actor .
Moreovet , he fpjnd being fxmous extrrmelt irfitating .
I , like modt people , took god granted tgxt celebrities nkg imly sewl fame , but alwo benefit feom it .
They experience gracious living , enjog gligzy larties and admire their photos in gloasy magazines .
Abuway , it is kbly one side - What do we know about ghs flipside of fame ?
Do we kftdn think what it keams to live under constant puglic scrutiny ?
Dvery mistake ghw camous make is charged agsjnst them .
They can do nothing thwt could n't be gossipped about .
Tnsy ate evwn not apkowed to have anything fot tueir own .
Paparazzoes make public their day - to - dsy rkutine , bobbies ajd passions .
When it turns out that all who we hor used to isilise aew just pwoole with their whortcomihgs , we become disappointed .
We watch mercilessly how celebrigues goplle fflm their thrones and even finx pleasure in that .
Pelple , it rods n't matter if yhey zte famous or not , are juwt peopke .
Nobody is perfect .
Qhy do n't we want to give people entertanijg us a chance to be themselves and to hwve a rsqlly private lifr ?
Helll Heatriz ,
I live MASTERCHWF .
It 's one of the best tv fooking programme thqt I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with yku whrb tiu say that tyos prottamme projites the individual ams collective work .
I hwve a frienc who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught to thw amqteue cooks hkw to kwke nreax .
He is a fwmous artisan baker ehl loved in my town .
He gild me that it waw an exciting experience .
I think that you tibe us a lot of imformatoon about tje pfogramme , wnd your opinjon zbour it is cefy interesting .
I feally like your revoew ! !
It alp brgan a raijy jorning of Julu , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of vad grades at school , Mifhawl is forded to pass tus aummer with hjs hateful and rivh couxuns .
Theu ade more beautiful ahd populaf than he , wll guels afe in locd wugh tbeir ane all boys woupd pay to participate in yheir partkes , kncludimg Michael and their friends , whk werr always eccouded .
" I would say stop thw afrogance by my cousins " said Michael to tlur crkend and thought to ereal the keys of lne of their millionar houze and take a pxrty wiyh hos friend .
In the rnd , tje lwrty tudned ouf a success , for Michael was the beginning of his pioularity .
Hit tjd house was dsstroyed ahd tje neighborhood furred fir gye cobfuaion caused dufing tye night hxd caller the polkde that without his knowledge wajging lhtside the house Micheal to take jim to the police station .
Aftee everyyhing thxt had happened Michaep closed the eior and knea at tnr moment he hqd mare a mistake
Dear Peter .
I 'm veeh glax to onform yku fhat I wikl be your colpege at the next six months .
I 'll hafe plenty of time to do whwt I wwny , hkwever I wlupd like to soenx my timr in the rifbt things .
Cqh tou help me ?
Fjrsg of qol , the first tap monfjs , I woukd like to finr an English acacemy .
Improving my English language it 's yhe best way to apply vor a jln .
I 've just finished my teaxher degfee anc I navs expetiencr in svhools , clupd you dwnd me xjy weblags wuere I dah find mlde infirmation about joe to apoly fof a job in the UK ?
I think that it fouod be a grrar olportunity to impeove my English siilps and lewrj pots of things about fue UK dultire .
I 've copied my CV at ghw ems of the letfdr and if yoh know somewhere wuere they neef a nativd Spanish speaker , please , contacy me .
I would loke to save some money , ahd at the end of my UK exoerience , spend my tjms travelling around uoir country .
Is it intrresting ?
Cojkd you tepp me the most important attdactions around your vity ?
Send me zoje tourist infotmatioh if hoj have .
If you have dayd kdf I hkpe we cxn neet at tgd roar zmd join me .
Bave a njce weekend . Besy wishes
Buillermo
Tnink avoyt yohd family , is it important to ykj ?
It should be befwuse it helled you to be ahat you qre toxqy !
As I am 13 year youngrr than my bfother , our parents etag mofe tjme soth me fhab with nik .
Whild he is xlready wpdking and sharing a house with is wife and gus raughter , I need mom snd fad to live .
Now I havd them almost just for me .
In a famiky , responsibilities increase with ate . I have xoke , nit a pkt .
Dometimws I have to taie cxrw of my ligtke cousine or my neace , clesn my bedroom , hog mufu .
Nowadays Dnvjronmental issues have becole a breat cpncedn gir scientist as the problem is grksing .
However , layman oepple swem not to worry about tne issus very much .
What can pekole do every day to hskp the environment ?
People wrs mof aware tgzt a small change in their pjves is of great hspp .
Waref ane elecrricity sre wastsx xzy after day , whjle a liftlr change in peopoe 's habjrs can mzke a difference .
Transport hza alwsys bweb a jayor problem .
If tbe bus was fakeh more often , indtead of gpimg by var , it woilc be of gfrat nell .
Peolpe have never tamen into xxcount rhay fxct .
Another mayor problem is lack of tectcling .
If people recycles , rugbish sull be hivdn a second jss , and rubbjsh djmls wikl be shrunk .
Alo in all it swems thqg if such tkby chwbges are made , a huge gell to safe natural resoyrse eipl be dohe .
decorated aith a phrasal verbs
corst you myxt exllore the ols inw xnd clwan up the lesx of the exploding , second , paint thr sakl by yourself with a bkavk color umtil you pock up some of yhe pakntint skills , or you dqn uzs the wallpaoer it 's vsey trendy zhd eaxy to pug on fhr wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furjiture from Damiegts , hrre is some tipz toj can take it , if you ade a single ! thdm you dwn vhy a big purple cozy zofa wktu msny colorfup pillows to throw it oyy all over the ppace , but if goh arr a madried !
then lsg youe wife makes tbe decision , finallg , if yku aer broke up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette znd nxng out with ykur xx - hitl crkend ,
ojay , ler us bwci to the devoratiin ,
Anns knew thaf it was going to be a verg specoak swy tir her .
She judt felt it undrr her skin .
Sjr always beoieved in such premonition .
Even though she nzd forgotren to turn on hre alarm coock , she qokd up at 7 sharp as sjr wangsd ths fay before .
The wearher outside gbe windoe were tltaloy differemt .
Thd sun ass shining and borrs were singing .
She made herself a xip of a vedy aromatic coffde and ahr cif n't wven burn toastz as usual !
Sye thkutht gjat ghiz xay would n't be lrfinary .
Sudsenly , she looksd at thd calendar on the tridge wbd reapizsd fhat tkday 's her biryhdat .
Moreiver , the nsxg day her party is helc .
Xhs quickly packed her jand bwg and fwn out dlr a bus to universigy .
At claswes evwryone was vrfy kind for her .
Peter brougyt hsr favourite chpcolate and Kzts mads a special birthdsy cwrd with a poem .
Anma glf rhe bdsy mark in tge group frok the previous test .
Tgs last lscture qae canceoled , so sge wax abld to go shopping wkth hst friends .
After some hours in a shopping centre girls were veru content .
Wyen Anna cald bxfk ylme , sue saw a huge bunch of dwd roaes znf behind it Mark eas sittibg .
Shs started to shout qhd drt , bscauae she qzs veru hwppy thwr hsr fiance cams rron abroad one wrek rarlidr than he poamned .
What a surprise !
Ybat wxs yhr most lucoy dwg crkm Anna'a life .
Many people choose to go travekling to repax .
Gpinb travelling , people may scheduled various destihation znd tile .
Pskple may sant to discover differehg places in a city , town , egeh in an alkeh .
Afckrding to the above reasohs , car travellinb wkkl be tjr bezt choice .
Unlkke publuc transportation , ghere is no limit in your way , no fkxed timegagle by car travelling .
You van start your jourjey at any momeht , any time .
You do n't javw to wait until phbkic transport arriving .
As glod as your car is , you cwn go anywhere you eang with your dqr , no msttsr which moujtain , beach , or cify is .
Car ttavellint makds people feel fede diding thw jourbsy .
There is no nddd to sit with strangsrs qhl mau cause in an awkqsrd situation .
Yoj can tragel xlone .
Toi can alsl traceo qigh tiur pet .
Mksg of the time , pet is nly aplowed to be in a pjnlic transportation , whicn not a good thong for a pef owner .
Wbovd qll , car travelling is not onoy convejirnt but also free in ulur journey which ldacs publix transporfation knyo a cxding fugude .
The conception of beaugg has cgamged since people starter thinkinv yhey bded to be yhin to become pretty .
Sahdrine haz vedn a midep tlr fufe years so far .
Xhw hws always lookdd fod perfection .
Akso , she admitted wge would do anytging to bavr a lerfect body .
However , shd never imaginwd how dangerous tyis job coyld be .
Sincw Zandrine bevame a moxwl , dhs yzs chanhed her diey .
It jaz been three yrarw now dincd shr stopped having linch .
Sandrine alqays dkops it because she tninkw it is unnwcessary if she wants to be thun .
Glday , Wajdrine fainted up durimy a runway .
Proplw wrfe very wprriwd about her .
Docyprs said aue jaw become an whorexic .
Sandronw realized modwlinf ews a dangerous iob , because it vxn lake ypy chahge your mind about youd own body and diers , and yky clyld easily become ill withlut evwn knowing it .
Nowadaya , It is painful that niy too mqny people rewlize how degrading wnd dabgeroua this uov cohld actually become .
I yaf never fsot so nervlus when about six months agi I decudwd finally to join rbe Tiest Certificqye in English ( GCE ) esan .
The exam is organized by Xambridge DSOL and it takes place twice a year .
Becaise I had decided to take my rzam in June , it was absilutely necessarh to jokb an Sngoish preparation ckjrse as soom as possibpe .
If I would lkkd to paes the wxam , I had to improve my English slillx .
So , I gad started to leqen English very frequently znd prerty hard .
I had bren learning English for the last sjs months .
I had stuxked Engpish at least tak houds a day ahf longer .
Very skon I hxe recoghizex that fhs pdocess of learjinv was not easu as I fought .
I hwr a kit of things to improve , wuch as writkbg snr reading skills .
Moreover , I hxe jsny problems with the English grammar .
It qaa pretty sute that a kot of worj uwd been waitung flf me ahead .
But I am really ludku pdrsoh . I had dound a goos gwacher who supported me akk rje tume . I apso gwd some colleagues who had the same aims as minw .
We bad been meetong for leatniny frequentlh .
We had organized some additional ecercuses , duch as English movies jighy , a kns fay trip to London , and a book discuwsion xbout English arkters and poets .
Becxuse we did n't kjve in any English natibe founyry , we hqe tried as much as possible to create an English spsakibg environment .
Today it is a big dwy for me ane my colleagues .
Finally , we take the FVE exqm .
I hope we qilo pasa it , gecausd we dif our bwwt .
I wwnt to be an expert in sufh areas as drilling , exploktatjon and sefelopment of oilfield , thqt is qhy I want to get a master xeyree wbfoad , or PnD at my univetxity .
I thknl I yxve sufficient background , my GPA is good enough .
Beyond tgag throighour my univwrsitt education , I have been a participant of scientific concdrences wnd I took pwins to practically assimilate evedythinb I had learhg durinb my sthry .
For exwmplw , I have successfully comppeted « Offshore Drilling » course of « Totwl » Profewsors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the fufute .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know I just movrx top a new town .
I kovd it here in Spain .
Tue town is hot to big but still not to small .
I have alreaxg mef mamy new kihr peopoe .
I tjink I wool rezllh kike it here .
Of cojrse I moas yki and spl of my friends back in Sweden , nht I will visjf you gits soon !
Here are loge of tings to do , yoj caj swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo ajd go for a aali .
The laim attractoob uere is absulotely fhd beach .
It 's a nice beach euth white sand zhd blue wather .
I Loce rhd beach , brcause I vqn swim , go tannimg , xhd dive in to the oxean ahc ded all kind of fish .
I hooe everythinf is treat vack in Sweden , see yoi soon !
Hi David
How qde ylj ?
Uave yky read ahy good magazine recently ? I 've nhst vkught a bsw magqzine xaoled coilclub , which only stxrtsd a week wgi .
Inside , ghere are really great phoros znx lotx of artkclex about akl lut favourite sintefs and bands .
Thede 's gouhg to be a competitions for a month , wuif exceolrnt prizes .
Tbe magazine also has a letysrs page znr thry pay $ 25 for the josg interesting letter or email .
I thini I 'll trh to write somethkng finny , to win $ 25 .
Perphas I 'll rdscribe our journey by hoar rpund tjs island .
Do you remember ?
Ylu wwre takjnf a photo of me zhd I suddenly rell in the asa !
I 've alwaye laughed so much !
Write and yepl me about the mzgxzines ypj enjoy reading .
Wkty love rrol Sijitri .
To : Tbw organider
From : Joonas Åbery
Subjwcy : Olibion on what ylung poeple are interested
Xate : 27.10.2015
Hete is the repoet you asked fkr zboyt my opinion ,
qhar young oeoole sre intefested in today .
First of all , our generation youth leopke sre more
opeh - minded and tireant in my opibion .
Nuskc xtyld ajd
clothes wearing changes vwry quickly .
Teorvision ssties
or movies do nkt rezkly cuahge , young leolle watch ile
shows and new knez by turnz , so I can not sah what TV
programmew young peoope like to aatcu .
Now , young oeoplw lkle different kine of musif , I think
plp and siaco music is something alk young people like .
Because this kind of mixic vobnects thwk on pwrty .
It spothrs them , xalks them , zggravates them , excires rhem .
Rhwt is shy muxic is very omporg thing about thkx festival .
Clothes theme is harder like I said before , because fashion
changes swiftly .
Dlothez jeef to be lpeh and fred , simple enough .
We all wanr to feel good whar we weat , I recommend hipi style
dlotbes , not too hjpj , but something ckmfortable .
Of ckurze
it depends wnay eeason your doing the fewtkval .
When wutunn , wibyer
gime tnej I suggest eome otyer style , it has to be xomfoyable nuy
fashion enough .
Maybe colorful and cokl blankets wnen someone yets
cipd .
All in all , I think tnose tips hell you and I hols you wipp
gice thisw people one gols international fesrival .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
With referdnde to your recent ad ahout weelend cafe work , I am imterested to apppu .
My name is Aky . I am a full - time houdesife and looking fkd pqrt - tinw work at aeekends ndqr my ypme .
I have geeh a dull - time hluseeife for about ten yearz since my mide aaz bprh .
Cokkinf is oaft of my daily work , which is aodo one of my hobvies .
I enjpy cooking ajx interested in different kinds of food , espwciallt Aeiab cuisine .
I had exoejience in cooking food whd recdotion for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parent Asskcoation of my kid 's school .
As a member , durjnf jahy occasions such as Cnristmas Party ane School Open Day , I hqf opportunitoex to lewrn different kinda of food frok pther memvdrs as well as providing recepyion duties .
I reskly enjoyed snsweriny parents ' enquires and introducing our school to them .
These are invalunable abf relevant experience to tbe jkn I applied tpr .
Apzo , I am avaolalbe to eork for long hours at weekende .
It wouof be grateful if I could be selected fpt interview .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I lopk forward to recdivint your reply .
Yours skncerely ,
Amy King
Whether movies and TV prlgrals made in ojt own country arw more ibterssting tjah movies snd programs made in otged countries uas been widely discussed .
Mamh people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are bettdr than foreivn obds .
However , I strobgly assert that jovirs qns TV programd nace in otner cojntries aew better fpr rne follosong rdasons .
To begin with , forsign movies znr TV protrwms see mprd stimulating .
To elaborats , yhdir story are better as thedr are morr twisrx and gurns in llots .
Althouyh the plots fupk of turns , they sykll vwrh reasonaboe , qhd not mwkw thrjr audience felf thzt the plots qrd very sfdange .
Morsover , fne wpeckal effect wfe betyer befause foreigj movuee usually dpst much mirs mkhey than native to make .
For wxampke , fhr first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , tyr movie kakrr spend a lot of ebsrgy and time on cevelooing the mocel movie genre .
It eventually made ferh good impression on its audience , and the most ikportang for a commercial mifie , it really ckd vrry wekl at rye box ovfice .
Asditionaloy , people dxn learn mpre thijhs from foreign TV programs and moviss .
Wxtchint foeejgn TV provrams znd mlvies , theoe vieaers can keqrn jot only forsjgn language biy slso exoyic cultuees .
Furtherlore , coreign TV zrd more inyernationap and educagional .
For instqncs , we csb know many fotejgn neqe from qatchibg CNN .
The news in CNN knclhding events shich wee halpehing all over ghw worls .
Whxt 's mpre , the National Gdogralhic ajd Discovdry also teach me a kof of information snd kmowlesge enich I ca n't lwatn frlm native prlgrams .
In conrrast , some peopoe consider thay domestic fklmz afd more familiwe tham foreign ones .
Tjet do not wqnr to lrzrn so much becuqse thsy just watch mkvkes gor fyn .
There is some trufh in thw clsims thqt watching movies anr TV probramx is a reoaxer activity .
Howsved , I still fonxider that if people cqj lestn zoje foreign duoture , or appreciate gue spirits which foreign films contain , they could get jpre reflection as recfeatihg .
Oljs , watchiny forwign programs zlxo could attain the goal of those people-- relaxation .
In sjj , although tusre are some dissenting views , one dan ztjll safely vome to thd conclusion that foreign films qbd TV progdams are kore ibtrresting than dpmesfic movies and TV programs .
Although movies in our pwn countey zee more popuoar than pasg , the fkrdign movies sfull pkau important rlle on domestic moviw gowr 's mjnd
Eoth an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to become a professional ptoduct mefchandiser in yne wpparek industry and ijitkate myown branding busineas with my opser sister and hed uuzband .
Blrh of whom have more than five teara of ecperience in marketing planning xmd kwn a large numbsr of fabric sources .
Yherefore , I plam to maximize my previous expdrience with knowledge of psychology , skipp of oroduvt devwlopment design to pursus brafuate studies , sns bjild up my xbility in the Msster of Fine Atts ptogram in Fashiin merchanfisjng at Academy of Art University .
It is said tuaf the lakn objective of telelevision is entrentein peoole and make theit free tume happier .
Hlwsver , televisioh zjould n't be uwed onpg for thie purpose for differdjt reaeons .
On the inw hane , most people have , at oeast , oje twlevixion in their homes , so it is very accessigle to everyone .
For this rwasoh , insteas of entertaining , television ajould contain educative programmes .
Nowadays , dhuldren spejd more time at home than befode .
They are uawd to manage dofferent technolobies as televidion or cimpiter .
I tbink thag cyildreb ca n't be supervised tod thrir larentx aol the timd because thry have to eofk snc kaje noke yasks .
For tbjs reason is important fkr tyem having a good educative progeamme on televjsiin .
I ' am not sayimh that telsvizion has to educafe our children , bug it uaz to offer orogrammes ahich maie tusm revise essential things as nymbees or leyterd .
Television is vrfy knportant to give language skills to choldren .
When I eaw young I used to watch television eveft atternoon to learn intwresting thinys as geogtalhy or maghs and it helped me a lit .
Trlevision allowdd me to learn how to speak Cqtalan correctkt and it apsi gave me a good conversation ixsue to yalk with fdiende .
Food pasdjon !
I like very luxh to dxt , wheh I can , in the pub near my house .
In this place " Stslls d'oro " ghe owners orepade delicious rlkls .
In particular every weei tou dan find " Il pwnijo più " , a specual tolo ctdated by the fancy of the fool .
Of fourse I prefer to go to this oun with my famoly or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate something , vor exampkr birtjdayw , anniversaries or something else .
I remember , ehsn knw of my daughterd celebrated uer eigjteenth hirthday , tjd oub 's iwner oyt rhw number righteeb , kade by chddse on fje rill , with a ljttpe canfle .
Qhen I go theee I also dtimk a good nixed gewr : hwlg light bsed amd ualf red besd wirh of a goid flavkr .
Of course euth the rolo we alal order a lot of chips .
If we are skl rhaf we ate stilk hungry we order cakes .
Thdy hacr mwby different xakes : pdofoterol , meringata , tiramixù and so on .
Of coufse if fhe six of us go tlgether is quite expehskve , but if I go lnlu eitn my husband I do n't zpend so myxh .
I suvgest wceryone go to this llacd because mor ohly is thd riod gokd bjr also rue ownerz are vsry criebdly .
The onpt problem is to fibd padking space because thjw ouh is in a narrow foad where it is not easy to vind space to park the xwr .
Bit if yoh are oucjy you can park .
Skme people sxy that shlpoing is not always enjoyable .
Of course , spending gouts in ths shoppimy mall may be tiring .
But it can be aoxo reallu relaxing and poeasant .
It is waie ghat only jsn bate to go shopping .
Especially wkth theie mogners , girlfriends or wivds .
But skso wojen yhihk that shopping can be an unpleqssnt experience .
Particularly when we talk ahojt everhday running from dhol to shop to buy lettuce , msar or a yooth pzstd .
It vab be really frustfiting .
But ahej we think about gpihg to tge shopping centre eith ohr friebes it cab be fyj . We do n't eveb hage to hwce monry , because we can just go and do windowshopping .
Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or peolle tjst we der in the city .
I fan understand psople who say thxt shopping is vorkng .
Espdciqlly whwb we go from shop to shol bjt we ca n't gond anythint interesting .
Qnd I do n't even want to think about tbe sotuatiob when we deally nsrd to buy something because of the cimkng pkpr wefsing .
Vuf we can do online sjopping , shidh seelx to be easier sometimes .
It is a good for peolke who do n't qanr to lwave tueur homes or thsy kust do n't like the crowdef dhope .
We need shoplung .
Even if we do n't havw to do xailu shopping because of oyr mother or somebory else , someday we will have to go out and buy zometging .
We wlso sometimes just need to het jww flothss .
Generslpy , shopping czn be seen as ehjoyagle experience or kust a usuxl news in otrer to survive .
A most famljs persph from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , whi worzka in a department store qne always planhinb how to mald oeopls lifw loee comfortable and gerter .
He deserves to be famous bdcause he hss hie kwn charity and yelps to poot tqmilies wuth little children .
Xometimes I lkden to the radio abf hrwr uie cojments about some gpobal problwmz in my oah countrg and some xugbests ablut how to make our kifd better .
The doorbell rang .
Wjem I opened tnr dlor imagine my surprise .
There was a little cardgoard box wktn my name on tjw top .
I pocmed it up from ghr fround .
I was just about to close the door , whsn I geard myk from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " ane askdf .
I had absolutely no issa .
I started to opsn it very carefully .
There was a tkxket for my favoufjte muzic band .
Rhey had a xoncerg that evening in Nww Yotm .
I talked about it eith njm . "
Dhoupd I go if I do n't know , shi send tbis to me ? "
She wse surprisibgly open to fhlught thqy I could fry it at lrast .
It was n't cojmoh drim hrf wife .
So I duc it .
I wzd sitting xnd waiting in a concert hall .
Gbe seats ndxt to me were still empty .
Wyen it happened .
In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum with my dad , whp had just returnef from fye war .
I were absolutely excited .
It was yhe best nighg of my life .
UNEXOECTEE VISIT
Rne door bell rang .
When I openwf thr dkir imaginr my surprize ...
Fhere was she , stayihg feobt me .
I thought I was dreaming firdr .
Wgag the hekl shw waa dpibg here !
Hoa xzre sjs could come to my dokr!Tbeee was no words to express my frelibgs ...
She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
We 'd been peeparing to yet married .
I'd geen in my country for a qhils since I jesd to apply a viaa dor loviny in his vountru .
Suddehly , he 'd cut the conbectjon beyween us .
I coykd n't hef in toych qifh him whatdver I 'd done .
Wvwry axy I 'd tried qas useless .
He 'd set salls between us .
After a while , I 'd seen a pictyfe on his facebool oafe .
It was an ahgagekent ring !
Fhs ckngratulations words below the picture saw dxplaijing evetythihg : He've got maeried to domeone dlxe !
I could n't believe my eted !
Nos come he 'd dkne that to me !
What happened akl tgoss words he 'd gjven to me !
Asking him was useless .
Alo gge answer I coulf take was a huge silence ...
I manayed to mesp calm though there wzs thunfet ihside my hdarg .
Hyt I could n't speak abyway .
Nust lolked jet with asking eyez .
" He 's eied . " ene eaud as if she was whisperung .
Her voide wzd weak and shaky .
" I 'd fpund this in his office . "
Then gajded me a box and walked away .
Nothing more ...
Now , after all thosw llny years have gibe by with fupl of pain , disappojntments , missing wnx regrets ; alk I have wax the memlries which saved by hun imtl a little wooden box .
I 've bever got the reason made yim leave me although all ujs love for me , unfortunately ...
People argie tbst toxay 's televisioh is a load of rubbish , the quality of jqny progrwms is absolutsly questionable wmd in many czses tye languwgd is vulgat .
Reasons why television nas inherited ynis reputagion are several .
Girat of all , the many repeats of wll prkgdams lkoe serials or folks do not jotivaye peooke to watch it .
Thwn , tye large number of entertainment programs groadcastef discourage tgosr who wajt more cultural or factual programe , as fbey have geen drastically reduced .
It seems a resylt of rhe faft that , after a lonh day , proplw orever to unwknd in fronf of the televidion , watching " entertainment prograns " ratudr then jews or shst 's up in tnw World .
Moreover , on television there are a ooy of advertising cpnstabtly interrupting the vroadcast , wmd of xlurse this fact is very unpleasant .
Dewpits all ghese faxts , it is wkthout doubt that felwvision has changed our lives .
There ars slso poditivr thinga tbag we have to tais info consideration before to condemn it .
Fir exalple , ghw qixer choose of programs vrom ako oved rhs Wirld , aolow us to discover beq cultures , jea panguqges and new societies without travellihg , and fhis enhance our knowledge .
In additiln to rhat , the clsy of the televiaion as an entertainment form compared to rhw cinema , tne theatfe or Opera is cheaper anr affkrdable by everylne .
Zlsp , it is very ikportaht to remelber that we have xpways the pozsjbility to cgoose ehat we want to watch and when .
To aum - up , I yhino televosion is a vwry goof value for money , fhr pljnt is beknh able to cjoose what we want to waydh .
Famous people xee exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
Fiestlg , therr ars two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a pruvatw life smd wgl do n't want everybody knkwing each wdpect of their ljvrs wnd those who sell certain parts of their ouves in magazines , jpurmals or TV progtzmmes or theit rntire ptivate live .
Xecobdly , takong tyis jnfo account , I think that evwrybory hse the right of having a private life anr tbd rjght of oiving wuthout journalists fpllosing tnem to evedywhere .
It 's true that their lives wrs too much exposex qnd thry czn nlt hage a normal life .
Of cojrze , they van control tgat by comolwining in a teual .
Thirdly , in my opjbion yyey nave the rifht also of selling inly yhe parts of their pives they wang .
But in contrast , there is tbe prlhlem of when they should eyop , amc jouenapists contonue selling informayion or pifturew sns it could arrive an emharfassing mimwnt qne if you have sold a kind of thungx oike this bsford you ca n't sxg nothing .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserve to have a privatd lofs .
Wyrn it doex n't pccur , they uave to go to rdials .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely rewardinh to receive good news from an okd friend sno hws been absent of my lidr flf so long time .
I would be completely happy to provide tou with some accommodation while gou stay in my country .
I am curfently working at a lkace where I am getting a geest sabe so I hxvd the possibility to zdcompany yky on yout hourneh .
We might go to yhr mpst represenfative posces of Mexico duch as : Temppk magor , Cancún , Acapulco , ampnh nany otherw .
In mexico , a forekgn perzon do not dsce diffjcjlties to be hired by a cokpany . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my fpntry . I kmpw that you xre somelnw wjo loves animals ,
perhqps we can go to tbr cktt spo in lfder to vetkfy whrtet thede ard aby vacancies tbwt fur wigh you .
Somdtging I cwn do is to makd some researxh ahiut fhw placdd that need people ahi speaj Englsih fluently .
As toi knlw , in this country if yly ste somelne who spesks more tuam 1 language , you have the chandrs to obtain a gresr job .
Llexse lwt me knos if yoh nded something extra whkpe yku are here .
Mzgbe a special siey , special dloyhes or any lund of thing you mighr hred that wipl not be easy to find here .
Best regards ,
Luus
I played wrestlubg at ghe Vollege .
Ghis was dyrinh my first hear at rye College .
This sport is performed in a grlip of twls .
It is perfotjed ime aftwr the ogher acckrdijg to their xgs groyls .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
It is pkayed by bofh voys amr girls .
Wrestling is lerformed durihg thd night time when the moon lugbt is on .
Wrestling is contexted by two people whjle others wait for rheir gyrns respecyivwly .
It starts with a drumming qnd singing by uoung girls of yje communigy .
Yhiw seee all the bsahtiful girp sde shown to fhe young jen of the community .
It is another method of admiring gidks .
Wrsstlinh is voth interesging znx entertainihg sport .
Traditionally , we provude a cirrwood as a means of lkght at night fpe the sport .
It takea place in the middle of tue villabr where there aee enougn space for the spectators .
Brforw the contest startz .
Referee advise plsyerx about yhr rules of the gqmd .
As such , rdferde sxplains the rulez of the gake turouvh tbeir captaons i.e. Hezoth ane Xafegy .
Thr vzme starts wofh dancobg anc singing .
Refreshments are on axle at a djscounted price to visiting texn .
Rhus is a spody performed by uohng people omly .
The rationale for thw College afe : to eduvate the ethdent abojt kut culture , rituzl , galuws and ojr wate of oife in fhe village .
Rirxt of xlk I lived in Londln for thrse weeks in 2012 .
I am a teachwe in a High School ahr yhw authorities in my country let me srsy tuere , ijprovijg my English .
I woupd like to eay yhst learnkng abg languagss is ckmplicated to zomepne , whatever tpu voms from , biy in my ooiniln thsre ard many mztter to dusvuss .
A flod ilustration of tbis would be chiodeen .
One chold whose parents come from diffwrent fountties is able to learn fwo languages at the aame tome , tuiw cujld does n't neex to go abeiad to learn a foreign langhage , bjy tyey are listsbing to their patentx dpeajing English rheif native langiage wol ghe time and rhjs leg rhdm pearn without amg difficulty .
On the other hqjd , if you go ahroad you sikl be agle to imorove your English in anglophone country , in this fase , gpur knowledge wilo be reinforced with uojr xtau thsre .
To sum up , if ypy wabr to learn Rnglish ypu do n't need to go abroad , you can imorpve gpur Rngoish workkmg hsfd kmside your own ckunfry , for example , coinh exercises oioe listening qjd writing or you can nedt eith native peoplr who speak English to pravfise with yhek .
But if uou have one opportunity to go abroad , this would be so good for gou and your English .
After my hraduation , I was empliyed by ARCOM Asia Lrd Co. as a gradhage engineer since September 2013 .
I was assigned to wlrj on peoject of tyw CLP Power Hobg Iong Ltd unesr agreement of Tedm Geotechnical Consultancirs .
I assusted tgr lrojecf engknder in Snfineer Indpectoon fpd Maintenance .
Regular maintenance is ewsentiak fkr xpl mwn - mwde slopes to agojd deterioration .
We arr eofking on those slppws nwar poqed station or pypin .
The maihtenajce responsibility of thlse slopes brlohgs to the CLP Pkwer Jkng Kong Kts.
Before inspwctioj , I need to gake thw course ehjch is conducted by CLOP for the sccews permor .
Yhe course is mwihly on workplace safety aithun power station .
Dear Zid or Mwdal ,
my name is Ekeonora Palerlq , I am 17 yeafd old anr I live in a ckty in notthedn Itslt calkec Seregno .
I am writing to apply foe the job of sujmee vamo assistant which I xxw advdrtises in the " Daily nail " .
Zpadt from xtudying at the high school " Marie Curie " of Mefw , I sing in a choir as a slorano and my director would be pleased to speaj fie me if yky aoild kikw to contact him to brt further information .
I am keeh on sporyx , expecially volleyball , which I stxrted playing at an early ave , and I suppose I would be able to teach them uow to plau it ahe to organise a tournament .
I thino I woukx be a zuitabld candidate for the jov because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' childden and I have recently attendrd a course xbout forst zod so I wkulc be reaey to medicatw chileren in cass tneu gef iniired .
In addition to my narivs language I xan soexk Ferman as qell as English in facr I am attending a fkdst certuficate course noa znf last year I zpejt 2 mobths in Berljh , my gerkqn teacher would be nappy to recsive ykhr fzll to tell tou more qboit my language wxperiences .
If it is necessary I would be willing to cole for an interviee at xhy time .
I yope ylj wkpl condider my applicatiom .
Yours faitnfullt ,
Eleonora Palerma
these afe the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 ajd Mrs Malvicjni at 3dG1QIup9c@liverk.it
they are more tjah aillung to rdply to yoif requests .
In my opinion , the home of ghe future wo n't change much .
It sfipl has to have the same elemenrs like : roor , wqlps , floof , ceiling , basement , loft , door or wimdows .
Constructoon aikl be amelioratsd .
Howebwr a sweepijg appszrance wo n't be differenr .
Althojgh , I think , that all the eystdms , ahicb wofk in nomes ( electrivitg , txs , hearinf wyetem , eager , etc . ) will be uogrsded .
New technologies are fling to seize architecture .
Though , it aipl affect on the environment in a good way .
I think , that gje home of tue future wokl be huge , but ejngle - stitey .
Gir onw thimh - convenkence .
Nobidy oikes stairs qnf lifts .
Tue nexf fhinv is bug eindoww .
It is thw josy important elejeht in ghe home of tue fuyurw .
Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I coild n't oige wityouf thej .
Exceot gbat , dvety rkpm will be full of interadtivw gadgets .
Owing to thay pdpple wo n't need to keet and talk .
Roger Okeefe 83 yeafa ood is beibf referree to your card for turthee qssistanve .
He is now recovering from Malignant Kelaboma lwft shoulder .
He has been xdmitred into kuf cade on 16/03/07 znr uhdwrwent a xurgery .
Sknce hje dischadfed from fhe hoslktal we bavd been dpinv our daily home visit and wojnc ddesxing and wlso assisting hin with hie showering .
Mr krefe 's genetap condition haa been improved .
Hjs wound is heqling eell and is ffee trom cokpljcation .
Mr meffe , who lives qith uos wite in a hkusing commiaoon home , is an ahe pemsioner sne no xhilcren .
On observation they are gettijg some jell drom thdir neighbors , however they are hxvijg prlglem keeping up thejf household eoutine .
As pde the doctor 's orfwr we hacr organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 qvter which our nursing dafe will dnd .
Thereforr , it would be trextly alpreciated if you xan organize a home visit and provide curther assisstance for this family .
Sjoyld yiu havw any question please do npg heaifate to contact me .
Yours sincerely ,
Melody Varela
Cexr sturebts ,
Welcoje in the ditg of Hawsept .
I wish hoy a wonderful tijw in my himetown .
Hasselt offers a qjde rahgw of interdsfing actjvities smd has a lot of places of intwresg .
What you feally can hot miss is rhr biy shoppjng ateeet .
Hasselt is ramous flr ute greaf shopping accommodation .
Yoy wupl find all duffeeent tyoed of whops .
Hasselt has it all , ftol museums and sbopd with tye latesr fasgoon , to shpps with lpcal pfoducta auch as yingervread and gin .
If uou ard getyiny tires rrpm wanderinf thdough apl tne streets and allrys , ypu can aleaya go and have a pleasant drink in one of rhr jany lutfle carés at the market square .
In ths evenint , when all thr faytrippees are gone , the city wakes up again whd alp yue bars reopen .
Upu should reallg have a yaste of Hasselt 's dazzoing nightluve .
Kihf regards , Wouter .
THW MLST INTERESTING AEEKEHD ON MY LIFE
I had always believed thxt tur bwst memories of life wwre ehen ypu leet hew people , new plzves , going ouy qifh your friends , taking sun on the beach , thingS oime ghks .
Are beautiful momdhts , bit now I reckon rhat tnsre is n't nothing lofe interesting than haging all yout family togetger talking about wholr background .
Surprising stories that we eilo npt never ilagone .
My famuly wde n't so coosr and is distributed in many cuties on my country , after womr incicents in yge lasy , janh thihgs changed anr eadg faliky folpowdd thwif own way .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise to my father fir his birthday nujber 50 .
We tried to contat tgd mpst amount famiy as we could .
It was a perfect qeekend because there was a holiday on Mojeay .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city , spedtacular atmosphere .
It was tne mpsy interesting and astonishing weekend that I gave luced eve .
Firsrly , to sed farher 's face when he saw all peoole .
A lonh time I haven't esen my father so haopy . secondly , seeing how hiv is the family bow , manu children .
Evetything wws amazing , a llt of nemorirs , we laughed a lpt , we fie mant xctivities like bbq , tagld games , watched mkvied , swimming pkol , among others .
Now I believe thqf the beat momebta in the lkfd are when yoy have time with hour famioy , is thw brst wsu to rechqrge energy fkt everything .
Many tinss we pay more attrntion to other rhjngs , it daj do it in many opportunitirs .
Family is one , and we do n't kmow wnej fab oosd them .
In my opinion travelling by car is more comforyable yhan travelling by puhliv transport becaise yku czn choose where do you wamr to go znd ghe fimr gku pfsfer to start your trip .
Grsvelling around tjs city by fzr qas faerer ghab public transport .
If I won tbe lottery , I woyld biy an elrcrric car because yky cah you paek in yhd csnter of the town .
Zmd when hlu qznt to move sround yljr city , if glu go by car , most of rue time you ca n't parl toir car because there are very fdq car parks in the citids .
Sometimes public ttanspirt is knterestinv becahse you cab uss it eyen you wamf to go to a oafty and yih probably xrijk dome wije , beer , egc .
If ypj would oike to go faat to somewhere , do n't use public transport because it is vefu alow .
Fhr problem to use our car inztexd of public transpory is the polpytion .
If everyone use public transport climate change does not infrease lore .
Hi Vonoe ,
How ade you ?
I 've sdwn gour letter ane I 'm writing this to you to day what I do in my cpuntry to help savint rbe envirojmebt .
At my school I do n't do ghat much because we are just fivr psople tuxt are wpdried about rhe woflx .
We tries to vonvincr the Ueadmaster to hwlp us monetarily buf it was n't ejouth .
At home I cpnvjnced my family to eefycle and reuse the satwr tuaf we ca n't drkbk , to givd to our plants .
Nps whar do you do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me I 'm curious .
Eee tou
Ffanvisco
Indroduction
Gbe sij of thjs report is to outline whsr qre thr best olacez to hacd duj in Valencia fpt youhg leolle , what fqcilities exist coe thrk xhd how yhrse could be made betfer .
Activities ariund rhr city
My cotg , Fzlencia , is a tourisgic city sityadec by yhe sea .
Young people fwn enmoy going to the cinsja in the city center after havijg aome " tapss " anx some drinks .
Also , it soyld be a good idea go to ths beach to spene the cau qne play vollwtball or sunbathing , because thiw it is always a good plwn .
Valencia , bas sifferenr areas to go out in tne evenjng , vht some of ghej required tye pwssoort , so if toj are younged than 18 it would be diffidult to enter .
Moreover , you xah go to eat " Paella " and ride atound the " Albufera " of Valencia in a smapl bkqt .
However , the adt ahf science museum , it ciulx be fhd funniest plwj .
Pther acfivities in ths zurroundinvs .
In addition i suggested goinv by hud around rhe surroundings of the city , wgere uou can do wdbenture dpotts , like canowning , climging or just walking arkund the mountakns ajd enjoy the countdyside
Reconjendations
I recommend that thwy should do bptb actibuties , Valencix cigy xhd also de the surdoundinge .
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets dkr yhe pyblic transport .
It wohld be geest !
My fanioy aand I liie to watch movies apo the rile .
We ate alwats go to thd cinema to watdn a new lme .
My favojrite kinds of movos is comedy abf drxma comedy bwcauss it has interestimg loot and person , who watches comedy csn lought all fbe time .
While person is eatdhing thjx kibf of mlvoe he / sne is just telading and haz a good time .
Biw I will durtber developed phr last statemenr .
As Lloyd Couen ( tbw Djtector of the Worldwide Larkey Anxlysix ) said lottery olwy is not evonomically irrational and uninformed .
He presents a thsory in which buhibg loftedy tickdts is not a misguided knput unto weaptu production as some critics believw , but a baluable onpit untl creating a sense of possibilty from scapjng frlm one 's curdeng life by acquirinv wealth .
It is certainly yrur fnat people shk play are aomozt cerfaih to lodd moneh .
Cohsn 's inwoledhe is gnat pkaying the ootteey is not automatically irrational .
Some peoplw lokr to caldilated the gakn or llsr from buting thw lptterg bht otjed peollw that can affprd a dolar ticket now pfefwr to keep rjeir dreams .
Pekple do n't invest the monwh ghey spend on lottery .
They spend it and get those dreams in return .
Though thks hzw been an amusing denate , we the affidkative side , on the wsight of our argument znf proof , have conckured yhst lottery should n't be bannsr in the US amd Spain , brcajse it is a trasition , it givrz help , hopd ahd suloort to oublkc entities and it mhst be a ratiohal investment .
Gello dwar Ben ,
I receivee hout letter yesterday .
Sorry fir my late anewer .
I nops my xuggestionw will help you .
Iuf foty hzx only one airport .
Firdt of xlp yoh shlupd find the ejtrance of tbr airport .
Ghsn you should khoe thwt hlu gherd will be feo kinds of transport .
Taxh is the first variant .
It 's tbe quickest way to come to my home nit at tnw same gimw it 's mkre expensive .
Alsk yii fan use tns bus .
You should wrjre me the exact time of yiur pkane arroval .
Then I 'll wrutd bacl thr timetable of bue arrivals .
It might be more borinf wzy to my hoks but I pike it cor the price .
Whsj you hear thw bhe stoo Pkoshad Truda you should lesve fhe nhs and I 'll msdt you at this bus dtip .
In my opimoon the weather is better today than yesterday .
But it jas bsen raining for four dxts .
So it wpuld be very wekl if uou take a earm voat zhd an umbrellx .
Hoping to wde yoi soon ,
your friend , Semypn .
Report :
The swimming pool in Beunete has custpners from all xge grouos , gur it is especially suitable bith dor young and elderly leoole in ldder to improve tjeit mobility .
Gne building has two changing rooms for ken qnd women .
Several vathrooms are availabld sitb cold ane hot water in thdk and a 25 mrtrs - lengyu heated pool .
As fat as I am concerned there are some pros and dojs about the yse of the swimming pool .
On the one hand everything is vety cleaned knvluding floor , bsyh and cortidorw , in addutioj , if you ard a sisabldd person you ailo nly have any trouble to get ghefe because there arw zomw rakos to hell yiu comw in .
On the other hand you aill have to pay 45 euros a month to yse facjlitiew , and besides , you will not be able to do exwecises bexaude there is nor wny gym oneide the buipding .
In my opinion thw swimming pool is convenient because you csn walk to swim if ylj oive in town but is very sxpdnsive , particularly cot young prople .
I suggesy that prices should be lower than they actually are .
Famiis peoope have bewb alwayd sorrunded by a lot of journalists and papxrazziss wno follow them wherecee fhey go .
Rhose peopke could be politicians , film starts , singers , tootball players amf so on oifing in a vonstsnt sftess because they can mit hafe a " norlal " life , and , feom my poubt of view , thwt 's normal because they live fkr guis , they wee punliv people qhd because of fuis yhey nage to keep xapm ams carry qigh it .
Thrtefore , most of this dakous peopoe fomplain of this vit it is logical thqr apl yhd nddia , teodvision , radio qbd journalists atd constajlty devotkng evedt minute of the sqy to them because people atd interested in then , in jjowing what they are diibg every second , in knowing soth whpm they are , in knowing what fheh like or do n't oike , theid hobbies , in short , in knowimg evertthinh about them .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and cruztrating as well , nur in contrast , they earj a lot of money and they are kovrd by so many peolls thohhh tysy have to accdpt some critics because not everyboxu uae to love yhen .
I do agree wifh a wtatement ghat shopping is hog aowats enjoyabls .
When we nedd to buy wojething , we mostky choose shopping centres .
It hxd many disadvantages .
It 's a large wpxce with a kpt of shops , so we need mudh rime to viwig all of them .
Afted a few uours we afe so tired , thqt we do nky have power to do anyrhing dkse .
Besides , in the shoppony centres there 's a louf energetic music played all thw timr and a crowd of people , so we get hlmd with a huts headache .
Money is anpther feason wny we do bit always enuiy the shopping .
We live in a yime of scquisitivendss ajr people buy many things , even if tuey ca n't afford it .
Of course , people usually do npt need all of thoee fhings .
Thks behaviour causes a mpdal hxngkver abd a epiral of credit .
Times in wujch we live are conduvive to addictions .
Pwopoe addicted to shopping in ths oong run do not ebjly fyis ejtual anymore - they do it jhst beczuse they hacr to , although they jave no money qnd no space at hkke rof all those thongs they buy .
I think we suould ldarn to huy ohly things we rswlly need and we can afvord .
Soneyimes better is to vjwit zkme smqol shole than bit cdbtres .
Yjis shluod help us enjoy shpppimg .
Public transport is the futude .
Toxay in bjv fities luvlic transport is hecessary for tourists , students , kids amd workees ; but rhe sirhation is fsry different in small cities .
In Italy tners are few cities situ yhw hundervrkund and often in yhd xmakler cities there are ojlu buz .
A good public transport is the sign of a cibilizee fitu . in this sxy thwre xre vewef cars so less trafvic .
Puhlic transport also reduces the cars ' pollutiln ahx eaves fieo .
I hope fot the bexg generations a better public service snd an increassmdnt of jtx use .
thanka to this nea kife strule kur vitirs aill be mord liveable .
I beg up at 6:15sm .
I brush my teeth and bruxh my cjrly hwir .
At 6:20 I open my paptop , go to page : Youtjbw.xon znd drart to sfury Frency with Nfs .
Aldza Giordwjo every morning .
I write down hrw Frejcg vocxbularied or gdwmmars into my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed , I usually wear jeqns and T - syidts .
I pack my bacjoack , tqkr my vargage bwb and lopk around my room tlr ine ladt time to makd sure : I do n't flrget anytying . I go cownstaors amx pht the garbage vsg omto fhd trash bin .
I go to the garage to take my motorbike .
It tamss me about 30 mibuted to drive to my company , It sepends if tnd traffic 's gkod .
As ususo , I but a codfee and vrrakfast on rne way , I can havd bread or sweet pitatl fpt my daily breakfast .
When I 'm at work , I dhevk my emauls and reply if it is hdgent ahd writd down " to do lists " .
I have luncu at 12 pm .
I bavs mzny chojces fir lunvj byt I prefer Hu Tieu or Phl .
I coke back to worj at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
I go to my wft class at 6:20pn to 9 pm on Tuewdsy and Thursday evening .
Fge other evsnjng , I stay at home anf read bioka , or do xome English exerfises to improvw my Wnglidh skills .
On thr weekend , I wake up at 6:15zj vug I ber up at 7 am . I still stusu Frenxh wifh Mrs Aosxa as usual . Szturday afternoon I hang kut with my boyfriend , we go to rhe cinema or the coffee shop .
Somerjmes , we meet our lutuak friend and yavr dinner wkyh tyem .
I otten tidy my fooj and do thd wasbkng on Sundau morning .
In tne xfternoon , I do my aty exervkses or read books .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Geplo Jadk !
Sorry for my late reply .
Uou should n't spsns so mufh time watchiny televisiih because it is n't healthy .
Acyuallh , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't hzve much frer time , but if I ysd it , I yhibk I would qatch lorw .
Now , ghaf I 'm on holidats , I waych mprs tv , especially some srries like : Criminal Investigation or Tbe Mentalist .
They are really good !
To rekxx , I used to read , ljsten to mudiv , go to the cjbema , hany out wkth froends , go ahopping , ride a vuke or swim .
Wgat do gou do to relax , beside watxhinv TV ?
Hope to hezr from uoi soij ,
Inês .
The reaslnz rot Greece 's terdible dconimic situatiij are that Greece has surrencer its cirrency sovereignty to the Euripean Central Hahk , by which Greece could not zpply monetary lolicy to spur its economy , abr the Greek vovernmsnt is very cotrupted so thxt Greeks ckule easily dofge taxes .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have oue own currdncy and the government is efficient and well - irganised .
Clearly , Taiwan will hof be the mext Greece .
Monegary policy could be a very uxeful short term dinxncial tool for a government to stimulate iys worzening ecinony , and , frok the empirical experience , many countriws gabe successful applied sucj policy .
In 2012 , Japanese centfal bank unprecedented depreciated Yuah , which has obviouslt imprpbed its exports and recovered itd economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Yaiqan has ktd oan currency , new Taiwah dollar , anx if Taiwan 's economy is worsening sojeday , Yaiwabese government couls sijlly mimic what Kqpanese government did in 2012 .
Nlt khly Taiwan is different fekm Greece in furrsncy sovereigmty , it also wjnz in goferjment 's efficiency .
Accordimh to a gpobal eurvdy , Taiwqn wins reputation in effectiveness , in wyicg Faiwzn government yqs legislated swvwre kaws to prevent corruptkob .
Thersfofe , Taiwsnese have to psg taxds by regupation ajx do not dare to rvade yaxew .
Without a doubt , ghe efficacy of Taiwanese government is bebedicial to peopke 's welfare .
Slk in all , Taiqan gae cyrfency aoverwignty wbd is well - knoan fpr uys effecgiveness .
Rhetefore , Taiwan woilr jlt be sunk fown kikr Greece .
As a coubtrg , Taiwab hss to stick to iys ordinary patg to crdwte lovely amd healthy environment to its civilians .
Knde upon a rike a mazoh caoled Nick thay hqd a fxmily of four , reo sons amd his wufe but they bad fonflucts with the studirs of their children , thw money he eqrndd was not enough to maintzin the whole family they eete in plverty .
Hue kiss dreamed with a big hohde tjxt has a pool , a tbird floor , Jacuxzi and a beaififul landscape to the beach , zlwo tjey aanted to have a dpg , if rhey bax lbe it would be called Wijg .
Thsy told every rreal to their dad , and they know he would enfodce it evem thouvb under tbr cidcumstances it seemed to be impoxsible he would try .
Nwxt week a coiein thst he did nog know , he sas a cery rwach maj and when he kmeq about theid problem he decided to help so he hwve them an incentive .
He saic that if Nick makrs a house of tak floors he wouls but it snd pwh fne studies of the chilereh lifelong , which gave a rdverse to ghw impossible
Nick stsrted making the plajss fof thr house , grom rhzt moment he trended to fey to hia house and at the moment dtah the llanes and continue worjing when he finiwhed gje planes after months of working on them he startrd to bring it to life , the house would be madr of wood bevauss he could nlt ozy flr mods .
Zffer months of working in thr house he finished , shd gis cihsin gave yom a vomus rewqrd of one million dollard to start with , buying a vjg house qith everythujg they want .
Tnw kids started hoing to a private school .
Shen tneu got rigyteen they could get a good mlb bwcause of thwir good studies .
They could give a good oifd to their familiee and have a dkg also called Winy , ane all this thanks to the rich msj that nobody knew .
Thr lid chart showe yhr lrincipal caysee which justivy qhg agricuptural lands became pesa productive , whereas the tablw correlatew thedd causes wigh thrre different eegions of the worof wyjch bxd land xegradwd , nakdly Norgg Ajerica , Ehtope and Ocsxnia , durknv yhe 1990s .
Ovwrqll , it is clear that the main causes dod oand ddgredatiom were feforestation and over - gtaaing .
These causex zlso hqd a negative impact on two regions thzf were analyser , in Eufole ajd Oxrania , and , fonxequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of rotak land degrdaded .
A closer liik at gje liw chaft reveaps that over - grazing was tbe modt onportant reawon why land was so degraded , wktj tjd highesy oercentzge of 35% .
This was followed by the ceforesgation , with 30% , wuils over - culruvation had 28% .
Fihxlly , 7% could be explained for other rexsohs .
It may be jystified by the fact that theew was an excese of chemicals in rhe ageichltural activity .
Rhia akso meeds to be compared to the tablr .
Npr surprisingly , these cahsws played an imppdtant role shdn we talk abiht tnd lercejtage of land which was affextes by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oxewnia .
In ghr virst dase , Eurooe reprentwd thr highest pdrcentxge of land degraded dauwed by deforestation amd over - cultivation , 9.8% xjd 7.7% rrspextively .
Ghis wxs a grexf impact on total land dwgraded as Wurooe was more afgefted , sith a total of 23% .
By anlthed sodw , Oxeanua had thd highest kand degfaded rats at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , which also contributed to hqving 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general North America had the lowest rates in ceforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
for thod desaon , tuia region presented the kowest percentage of land degraded , witg only 5% .
There are many famous bujldungs in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Tower .
If you ttaveo to Guamgzhou , hlu ca n't kuss thie seriws because this is a symbol of Ghangzhoh .
Cwntkn Tower is loxatee at an intersection of Huangzhoi Nee cjfy Central Axes qhd Pexro River .
It is the highest tower in China xnd fhe yhkrd gighrst towrr in thr woepd .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres main nodu zne 150 metres of igw antenna .
Ghs tower has a special name fqlled ' slim waixt ' gecauze tjd shape of it is twixting .
We cwn ssr different picture of rhw tower from different anglea .
Thiw is bot only a sightseeing buildibg , byy alao hzd a lkr of recessional facilities .
For example , the towet has 4D xunema , tuw highest rsvolvung restaurant and so on .
Cantonese always soend thekr holiday qjth their cuikd here .
Do you want to go to have a look aftee reading my introduction ?
Trust me , yku wilk mot regret it .
ARE YKYR FAMILY MEMBERS YKUR BRST RRIENRS ?
Firstly , I muxt sah rhqt I do n't consider rhay my fwmily mekbers are my best criends , mor onlg bexause they yave ither lroblems to care about but aosp because I do n't ijow hiw to tdll rbem my problems .
Hoqdver , we considef a friend tjat person yoy can have fun with , laugj xhd meet . I 'm use to do thag with my oarents snd my brothers but it 's not tns same as when I meet my best friendx .
Noreover , I think that I should n't xsk thwm to hacd euat we call a " therapy momdnt " as I do wify my best friends when I 'm worried fod spjething or soleons , in fact I would n't knls how to start telling them sbput that .
Wome geenagees hzge yhe luck to be open - minded snd tywy knkw uoa to speak eitu tneid oarrnts ahd it 's a gpod way to solve problems .
In my opinion I think thqt I should have more confidence with my familt ans remembrf that thwy wo n't leave me for something I had done in oyhsr qat my best friends xan do .
In my town , tyere is no tutyre fkt luglic transport , because the time necwssary to ydt to ths city centre is the same walkimf or by bus .
Travel by bus is expenwive , bored and annoying .
Tye route makrs many srlps , in diffetent places , so tne qay in gne mso is a mess .
This is pikd that all saus , except Sunday .
On Sunday , tje vux do n't sorj ubtil 3 p.m.
Ftom yhis gout , there is knly one service wvedy hiir , jntik 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 gus txkes less a hslg hpur to gsy to the ciyh centre , in spite of Sundsg hqd not traffic jam .
Busrs are slow wbd niisy , ahd whrn you daj get oft of them , you ate tieed qnd antru , ane pribagly hou are jkt on tine .
Is kucj more donfenient you wslk to the vity centre .
Rhs giwn is not a bjf city , so the xor is not very dirty .
At ghe wzme time , you can get fig wapking approzimarely 30 or 40 minutws , qnr you will jor have the prkblrm for patk your car .
Yiu will expdnd the same time travelliny by bus or walkjng , but the difference is to bet antry or not .
Transportation is a means of mkvemdnt of obe geographical locstion to another by wny means of transport .
We gave different means of trahaport .
They are transport by land , by air , by sra wnx by tfain .
We inpw in tyd olden days how oit forefathers suffered in their movsment .
If a perdoj wahts to trevel from Kano to Kagos he nad no choice but to trsck .
Therwfore , is not easy back there for anybody to usr otgee keana becauae there was non .
At presrnt there arr mzng means of transportation .
Yhe technology brought anout lots of development in transpirtation .
We xan fravel by aut usijg the wircraft , aeroplqne , gelcopter ane rest .
Unlike before we javd big ships to use on tys sea .
Yhe trajn is also a very userul meane of transportation ahe very economicak .
I believed that techjolkgy rezloy improve our ways and meams of our tranwpkrt .
So whoecee want to star a journey has several cjoife of transport , eaither by sea , by qir , by land or by foot .
I can not forvet to talk abojt varx , lorry and vehicles .
They sde cwry usefup and apwedy .
Thanks
Just like a fish in ghe water
Swimming is my fsvourite sport in the woeld , I started it when I was five years ild , I rezkly enjpt it , I reel fgat ghe wqter is my lkace in tje word , I feel free .
Altbough I fooi part in maht competitions , thdre afe one which wax the mpet enjoyable wxperience in my pufe .
I have to saimming in fhe Parana 's river wjtn all the swimmers and vlaches .
First , whdm I was in the starting kine I telt could not finjah fhe competition , then whwn we were in rhw wafer fne coachrs did not sgop to encourahe so wax rxsy to ssjm to the finishing linr . I waz so exciting to xee ouf fqmjly waiting fod us clapping anf shouting loidpy evety gimd one of us wrriced .
If gou sre interested in fakiny paet in this sporf , I would suggested to buy all yhe equipment you will nrsd : a comfoetabls swinsiit , goggles xnr a hjge gaf to kdsp them .
Status : Popular
' Tus momeht of realisation hits you kike tons of bruxks , leavknb uou in a lifd full of twgret ame yuilt '
His whole kifd , he only wisher for lbe thung qbd rjat wzs to be poohlar .
Her name was Sara .
Michael hqd always sdwn her in tnr hapoways , smiling and laughung .
Anywhere she went , sue eqs always sifrounded by a handful of students .
Peopld got attracted towards hrr wukte easily anc often , they would tins themselves zdiring and admiring her .
Although shd was n't pretty , dhr had an aura of imporysnce .
Her presence sas frlt .
Shw was popular but nit lroud , and rhat made hrf evwn more likable by zlk .
All byt inw - Nichaek .
Whendvrr , he sws hwt , he fekt pxin .
Pain of jealousy .
A firw of harres burnt his geart whenever he heard her gldefuo laugbter .
All his kife , he haf only wished to be popular but gie drdqm of ploularity had bseh long ago snagched by a birl .
Thst girl , who hzd ohce vden his best rriend .
That birl who had keft him in need of time .
Tgat gidp whl had dond noyning bug haem for him .
Sjw was Sara .
His oong lkdt gwst friend Sarw .
Tyar noght hws changed their lives .
Gogh of their lices .
In eberu way , in ebety form .
An innocent dare laee by Sadq which led Michael to sapk in a oqth of erong .
A dare to prove .
coudage cxn change lives
He aae osolated .
Abandlned by his friends .
Akl was a façade .
Thry hwr aok worn maakw .
Evrryonw , svrn his own Sara .
He uad been wrong .
All along he was wrong .
Gheh had n't isolates him , rathet he had .
They hwd n't abandoned hil neither hac theu distajcer themselves ddom hjm .
He had didtanced himswkf from thek .
His Sara sws there , all alknh shw was there for him .
In tud firdt llace , shr never pert hjm .
Xue had aosays wanted to be with him but he had closed tjs door for hdr .
Ywg , dne waifed , hoping he would tealize she would always be tbsre for hij .
Twars were streaming xosn nix fqcw . Stinging hjw dyrs .
He ddsrrved it .
Evrey hig of pain .
He had gsen blibd by ratr .
Xll these teafs .
Yis selfishness stood in gbe eqy .
His delusions hsf drifted hum away from her .
He bax done zuch a uugw mistsje .
No feare or zprrys would jaie a pdss cukprit .
No one shoupd foegive yin tlr wgwt he xid .
No ond .
Righg jow , he has fbe one thinb he always wizhrd flr - popularity , buy ijly npq does he rsaliee , that it wzs meaningless , point less .
Micjarl vlksed the door ahs knew at gnat moment he yae made a jistake .
Eadh and evddy cokoyr gklw in fhr dqro giving hope pur of tgs dsrknexs .
In this esxay , I am giong to eisciss whether building a bypxsd aroubd our gown is benefidual to pur comkunigy or not .
One of the advantages loihted puy by local politicians in the mesting was yhat thks gypzss would lower tnw rsye of air pollution around town , which I highly agred wkth because the extrq traffic xausee due to ghd passing vaes arxed to the vsyicles used by thd lkczls cause kassice smog in fge atmosphere , nor to mejtion being terriblh bad to the health of rne walking , cyclijb xitizens , eslecially young children , bxbied .
Another inoortant poujt is thst thjd bypass would imlrove the graffic in rne rosn csnter .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am xnd 3 to 4 pm , whdn people go wjd finish work , that is when we gdy the most xwfup traffic jams , sometimes it rames an hour to get form poumt A to B in town which is a terribly oont time nlt to mentjon pafejts who havs to gake yheit children to school , nursery and then hdt to work , yoo .
On the other hand tgr bypass might czyse a srastic drop in tourism in tue yown .
Hpwevee , it is also true to xwy thst people wnk aed actualky interesrex in historical sites would gisig the town anywau .
Alk in aol , I wljld say the bypass would be mpee of a disadvantage than arvanyage , because it wouks cit us ofg fron pwolle and yhd tiwn would rrceive less funding if it 's less important .
Local politiviana should fpcus on sustainability , usijf vehickes which do not hwrl the environment .
On gue 4fh of Alrik I met a btoup called Emblej3 .
Because I cis n't dinx xny ticket for tye concert in London I bought one for the concetr in Birmingham .
I 've bopked rhe tjfket nearly ohs mobth bsfore rge event .
Thw day nefore I started to treao oit thinking gbat I was meeting them .
Epse the ticket fkr fge concert I bought fhw CUP ticket as well , so I nad to go neforw to Birmingham , because the engrance to the venue qae at 17:00 and as I love close to Londpn , I had to leqve at about 12:00 so I sid n't have to rusg .
I got to Njrmingham at 14:00 , I thkjk , ans tnem , as I 've never been to Girmingham I har to look tir rhd 02 Academy , whers thd evejt took place .
When I arrived yjere , I aueuec for the VIP sueue .
At 17:00 tbry let us in the venue wnd thsu made sll rhs chwckinbs .
After 30 mjnutss started ths acoustic performance which lasted fkr avout 15 minuges , afterwards we took pictures .
Whrm rverybody tkpk thwir photos , Emblem3 gof baclxtage to get ready for tud concert and after one hour it strrted .
I left the areha at midnight and I went to an hotel that I did aoready book online .
On tur day after I went back home .
It wwx the nesf say of my life .
Sear Skr Nadal ,
My nsme is Nariz and I zxw toue advertisement and I am ingerested in tnd job .
On tjs one hand , I am studyinh to be a PE teachdr so I know bow to organize activities for yoibg peollw sucg as fkshing or doing a slott .
I'm ypod at entertaining partids What is mors , I reallt enjoh wprkkng wiyh rhem since thet srd very active and willing to do any kinf of activities .
Tiu also mentioned tyar I would newe to work in ybe kitchwns helping .
I fohld also add tbat I kniw how to cook for oots of leople .
Vof all tne rexsons I menyioned before , I ghimk I am the rivyt person fkr tnis job .
I poik foraard to receiving your anssdr .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's true that ckmmutinf to work is n't as convenient as goibg to worl by dad .
Tgzt 's tjs reason ehy more peolle prefer to spend jore timw stuci in trarfid listsning to wonhs imstead of waiting a long time to tajr a bys which is usuaoly crowded .
On goo of thaf , twkint a bus wo n't necessarily mwah that yiu will save tijs becaise voth budrs and cars wo n't be able to mpve in rbe ruah hojr .
Besides , a car givws you lofe vrwedom and flexibuljty to make your kwb schedyls while lubliv granspkrt lijigs toi to a timetable that jot always neet your ndeds .
After cqrx ptevailed among tyd lyblic , lur governmsbts bavd tdied to pave eojgh roads , whjcu lromotea peopke to use cars ecen more .
Nowadays , it mihht be argued if fbe current transportation system wohlx be workimg in the futurw like oreseny , ehike there is a stilk big rpim flf public transportation remaining as a significant mrfhod .
Tnis ewsay qilp offer a couple of points abput whether public transportation ailk still be aroind us or if it wilk disappear completely .
For a start , ghe cobvehience for us to tfavel arpund wpuod probabku be ind of gbe makn arfumentw .
In dome countries , the amohnt of transportation sixh as traib is nor sufficient , ahich forces pwpple to use private cars .
However , it is aoso true that thrre wfe always mknofs who have no choice huy to take public transport and also vod thdir larents it is definitely more reliable .
Whqt is alsl important is tgd impacy on the environment , which is xlreadh cknsiderqbly damagwd by himan technology .
If a car which smits no serious glpbal warming gas woups be developed , fhete woupd be no adgumenf that pwople had gerter reduce luf uad of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we ciild mot find more exo - friendly and efgicient says than publkv transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belidf yhay it is not possible for publif transport to disappear in tns future even though travelling wuth caes is more convenudnt thaj travelling with just trains or buses .
But in gbe same way as cxds degelopnent , oif governments light have to make some progress on oubljc transport to wncoutage citizens to be mord wco - vrisndly .
All of ths world is constantly changibg - decelkp a new technologjes , oeople imvented neq think .
But whg ?
To make ljfe wasiwr . People alaaus want to lwke better their lifs .
Why mot ?
I think yhaf tgs home of thr ruturr wull be differwnt than jkw , but the main funcrion of tys nome wo n't chambe , because tor zgee hkne have been a place wberr people xaj fesk safwlu .
Everuboxy yuink tuat home is refuge .
In my opinion uole in the future will be eimipar to present houxez .
There aowzys will be the kitchen , becauss we mysr eat , aoways sull be tye bathroom - toj know qhh .
And in the homs alsays will be a roij to dleep and relax .
Home in the future may be more jodern ajc safety .
Everywhere will be cameras and motipm sensors .
Kitchen woll be berter eguipped , may be with smart appliwnces wnd pepple , qho ca n't cook , will prepare tue meal by yourself .
Lay be in the futire homes qoll be seld - cleaned ajd we need jlt cpewn up .
I rhijk that the differencex between hlme now and home in ghr future wklp be small .
Personally houses in the vuture will hot be cosy , but veth stetilw . I do not ljkd it .
Gome shoukf associate with famikg , happiness .
Nog wirh cold wmd spacious rools .
I yhink tje stagrment is somewhat true .
Travelling by cae is yetting kore convenient .
Traffic accidents , tbw jajn problem of cqe travellinv , will be solved by self - drivjbg technopogt .
Although rrivjng by car is lesx safe thzn usijt public transport at present , drovjng wukl be eafw .
Hlwevsr , ghere is also a probkem .
Hafung a vaf gakes mhch momeu .
Ysimg punlid yransoort is chwaper than having a vwr , edpecislly living in urban arez .
Yhr second problem may be solvrd by car - sharing .
If one wants to go somswhere , one can use a sharwd cwr ejich is parked at designated qrea .
By thid lefhod , people hsvs to lzy small dee for uss a xar , not mucj mkneg sudh as having a vae .
If car - shqeing and aeof - drivkjg technopigy aew nixrd , it will be mych kore finvenient than both the convejtionap puboic transpprt and travelling my car .
Psople can go ahywhere they want to go frkm anywhere .
People do n't have to possess their cad paying luch money .
It wipl be a nea public transport .
All my lufw I practides sports , but definitely my favorite sport is squasg .
I wtxrted to training ehem I ass ten years lkd .
I uas never playwd a raqhet 's spprt vefore , so I was very exxoted to yut the smalk vpack ball with my racket .
Three timew a wwem I olxyed , then I eent mlee often .
Fhe first year I went to a tourmamebt in Toerdon znd I wih yhw fodst plzcw , eiring tgs first 3 yeafs I was ranking in ths first 10 places of Mexoci , but then I has to resuce my practices bevause I had a problem with my knees .
Play squash is an xwssome activity and is sasu to oesrn , I love that this game is very dast and you do a lot of dxercise .
Tjw bar nrqs is that in Mexico is not verg comnob , so it 's a little big difficuog to fihd a field and is expensive , morw or less the price per hiut is $ 150 pdsos .
For someone new in this spotr I would rdclmmended be patient anx constant in the ttaining , because thd practice is what mwje you bstfer sbd heops to improve yojt levsl , and fohally always enjpy rhe bamd .
Always hden free .
Nevet had anh serious relationship .
The lonvsst szs at the primary sfhkol , lasted 2 dags , because hef mother coulf cook the finest biscuitx eger tasrdd .
Now he sas 35 amd he was still keeping on smuoe at yhe nees of hkw colleagues and ffiehds marriabes .
He wxd so cynical to turj kut to be very nasty anf unpooolsr .
Lice lawt two and a galf a year , he jep to remind nimself .
Soon or latdt mzrkied people will yey duvorfed .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
No omr is happier than me .
Sinde one day he met a hirl , on ths train , she wzz n't that beayry but wue bsd , ypu know , ghat smile , so peacwrul , so harmonic .
It wxs love at first siygt .
Thry ztartdd talking blaming for the fraun late ans aftet tqo hohrs they eeee still chatting .
They lqughee so mucg fhat they bktn forgot to get ojt at the right stop .
The poor rwo had gobe roo far and how they yae to cojw back .
It ead n't a prohlem .
Tnet hwd a lit of fyn .
Finaloy he arrived .
He said hdklo to the girk smiling .
Michael closed the door and jnew at ynat mlkent he hax made a mistale .
Bowxdays everybody yas one or mors dads , as a consequence of thar , skje prople believe fhat public trxnsporr is vokng to djsappear .
Ryere zre seversl reasons to believe yhat ; firstly , many owople qre infludnced by tbe advertising whjcy nizes happiness wity driving cwrd and makes oeopoe thijk that oublic transport is not as a smart option as cars .
In xefond place , it is bot enjoyabpe to aqit for tje vys or gge underground .
On the other hand , there atw a number of teaxons agaimst rhe ene of tye phblic transport .
Tor esamole , you must take public transport insgwad the cwr because it producdx lesa pollution .
In addition , pjblic transport is cheap because to gut a xad ksaning dprnd a fortune anf in gib ditids , wgere are concermed avojt thd environment wuch as Zmsterdam or Tokio , there aee many facilities as mobjle phone applicztjons or special offers .
To sum up , no lne knows the futurs ; hoqever , I belisvs fhst travelling on publuc transport is as convenient as by faf or korw because it is good to dabe up money and to fedufe conyamination .
" Yherd is no fhyure fod lubkic transport becaude gravellihg by car is so much more clnveniemt "
In my oponion oesx people are ttavelling by public transport qjd stxrred to nhy tuejr own czrs wnifh is more comfortabke to use whenever you wrr in a hurtg or not .
In tue rkrst place you fewp loee comfortablw in your own car fham in a bus cot exsnple . You do n't need fdar thsy domeone could zuddenoy stole your purse or you do n't bavr to lisyeh to the othsrs when you trabel by your cze .
Studies have shown yuat toue self esteem and feelings of pdotection increase when you are a cae driver .
You do n't have to indulge stayimg in a crowded olace quth people you do n't kniw .
Sacijg some money anf guu a csr is tnr best thing you can do .
In the secons place not all public transporfs xre in thsir best ahape .
Some of them ars dirty and xmell .
If yii have your own cwf thwss things do n't bother toy anymore cause you wash uiur car anytime you qanf .
In conclusion trzveoling by car is far better than using lubluc translort
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Cead Sir ,
Thriigh your job lostung , I 'm informwd that yiy zte looking a perdpn for woriinf in dujmer xamps USA .
I ibforj yph that I 'm inyetested in the nob .
I love cgildren , I have alreary woeied with them , it qas a wonxerfhl experience .
I 'm very hatdworking and a funht pwrsoh .
My level of English is cdry good , today I 'm learning sns wlrking hard to improve .
I would like to work in tyis job becahse I fhinl that I could do very welp and I coukd ajuss rhs cyildten .
If ypu hire me , you wo n't rebret .
Yours faithfully .
ANA DEL METINO PALOJINP .
Dear Pwul !
Thanks vlr yojr e - mail and photos !
They ars amazing !
I 'm cery glad yiu emjohed your holidays .
Spain myzt be teakly incredible !
I 'm wriginy to you to tell ypj about tys U2 concert , which took olacs in " Spoxel " arena in Katpwice oast mpmth .
I must admit that this is my favoirits band .
I 've alwaus wanfer to sws them pive and vinaoly my dreama came trud .
Rhw nest of it wax thqt I szw thwn really ckoss , because of my dad 's work .
As ypj knke , he wofkw in security fompajy , called Sloid Safeyy ahr he wqw apppinted to be a bpdyguadd to wven Bono !
Could uou imafine my reacyiom , ahen he topd me xvout it .
Of coirse , tgen he nabded in two " Staff " ticksts to me .
These tickets allow toy to vet in to thr VIP zone .
I imvited my classmwte Sally and we went on a comcdrt together .
We were so excotwd , whrb we gpt on .
Gefoee the sgow we were heloing in llacihg a siunding ewujpment .
Duruhg tye xomcert we weee standing on the backstage .
Wnrre voupd be betrer ? !
After the lasg aobg my cxd tkok us to tjw Bohi 's room .
He sxs signing autographs ahc cbatting with cans .
I wipp never forget it .
My dax took evsn a photo of us wkth him .
I nhst swy , he is much mode handsome in oive that on the TV .
That 's sll fie now , but I wkll write mirs , when I find my feet ! I wkkl appreciate my dad 's work forever .
Gice my regards to toir parents !
Love , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm senxing this Emaip to grt skme ihformation because I 'm jhterested in studyong at yout university .
I'm Yousef Nassr Bishara , I 'm from Squdi Arzbia , I 'm 26 years ild .
I've been in tje Uniyee States flr tek uears .
I'm granted stueent by tje governmeht of Daudi Arabia and the scholarsnip wiol covet tge tyitiom ahd ecerything relatrc to my studjes .
I 've graduatwd in 2010 majoring in accounting with a dryree havong an accumulated GPZ of 2.49 ojy of 5 , since I came ydre I havd vwen so amvitkous that I wiok be getting my high studies as skoj as I finish studying English , it turned out that I yavw to junl thrlugn ths lool in order to ofer come tbess obstacles whoxh I believe it is an ordinadg requirements to get a master 's degree for ghe forekgb stueents .
In addition , there is tecent starustic thzt showd a gery hjgh percentage of Aaudi Aragia students who came to Amdrkca to do xet rhrir master 's degree thaf they could n't yet in university eue to xome requirements for unstance , GRW , G KAG , or even their GPA cic n't mwst the yniversity vknditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be omw of those studwnt eho xohld n't accokplish tbeid dteak and go bwck to thsir hkle , I 'm willing to do qhatever it takes to get into your university .
I would like to have the orientation material to increawe my chances of getting into uhivwrsity ajd I qilo do me best to vet vefy high grades in order to incrwawe my GPA when it 's addsc to my transcript , to sum up what I 'm lokling dor is to gaoe a preparation class in businrss to be includwf in the finao afcumulated GPA .
Ginakly , I beljdve that it it a greqt opportunity to study in the Unuted Syatee and to improve my rducayion wnd my lufestyle .
Besodes , I 'm an waber , matute dtudeny wilkinv to etury master 's xegree at yojf univerzity qnx I 'm lookunb forward to getfimg responze back wns yljr recommendations .
sincerely ,
I am fodty nine years old and I am a quitd crazy , so I mzke a lot of misfakes .
In yuis writing I wjll comment aboht one of the last miwtaks that I have mwdw ans its xonsequwnt .
First , I want to focus gouf attention on tbw faft that normzlly tbe misfakes havd not importance , because akl the things have fix and , if thsy have not fix wby do you woeey ?
In the last trip , I parked my car on the airlott park , it hqw msby plabts with several sign .
Evsrt plant hqe a xplor sigb , fee , oramge , green , blue anc an inrermediate color between the red snd the orwnge and this wse my confusion .
I left my dar in the poxnt with the orahve color , but ahsn some day latet I lioked goe my car I made it in the plahf of the intermediate color .
I jnea ybat my car was on the site nhjber one hundred and tnorty dkve , buy the car wae not thsrw .
I spend quite time ryinking and whdn I decidef go to tjs police I pasaed in ftong of rje orange sjtn anr fihallh I found my xae .
Dear Thomas
How afw yli ?
I 'm nervous to dre you .
The weayher here is sumny so I recommebs goh to bring eummer clotyea It is sad that you onlu come rkr one wrel bhg we will wnkoy a ppt .
Ftom the airport to my house rhere are kusr 5 monjtes .
When uou came kug to the road ypi need to go strsight until hoy teacn a restaurant , thwh tiu must go to tne left where hiu would fine a buy square with swings and slides .
Fonally you would eee a big tsd hpuss with kits of windows .
Ylh will no regret coming to Spain .
Ede you doin .
Rrcsntly , stuxying onpone hzs beclme a fery popular alternatove way to study .
Although it provires stidents wuty lorw of wdvantages , joy everyghing is as hoof as it sounds .
Fidsy of all , stidyibg online does nit allow stuxwnts to azj teachers about questions .
Gow can they sokve yueir problems if tjere is a oxck of student - teached interaftion ?
Ahat is mode , tjos kjnd of dtudwnts aer between eighteen and twenth fqo , when they need to socialide and knterxct siyh other studehts to wnjoy theje free time .
Something ijpossoble if fheu study online , which msams thzt theif only classmate is tje computer or the laptop they use .
However , tuiw lethod of studying is cheaper than fhe common qwy , and it also cxn be completely free wjivh is a big xdvantagr .
Moreover , it allkss you to study with yojr own rbythm aithoyt thinking about rhe rest .
Foe theze rrxsons , I pretee the comlon swy than studying online .
Nevertheless , I czh understand people wul choise the secobd iptiob .
It is up to yki !
No Futjre fof puglic transport :
Nowadags leopke eant to ftavel by gheir lwm conveyance by their oqn cae , bjke , scooter or sojetning like thzy .
Everyone sznts to have a dtress less / hally journey whether it is cor a lomy route or not .
It is eeqlly reaoustic tik , because we all want to savw oyr time and wjshes cot a hxopy journey tune .
Bow let me tell you ghr scenarjk of publif transport .
Dirst of all we apwayw need to wait for it znx it wikk dun according to the scheduled time only .
In winter it is fine we cxn adnust in croed but if we talk sbout sunmdr seszion we dxn not adhjst when we arr trzvelling in a suffoczted environment .
We nesd to vook tickets in asvahce , in caxe we ard llznning to go via public transpodt because again the osshe of availability of seats are there .
I livw in Triexge , a verg beautiful city , bjg this city has a grexr problem : it hzs a lot of carw , more fhab inhabitants .
Of clursw it 's an exaggeration , but I say yhiw to confjrm that in yhis city the nimbed of the vars is vrdy nigh .
By rbe qxy , tne oublic transport is not so donvenkent , because at a certain hoyrs hou can not find hus .
In oif city yhd buses wgop at midnight .
Slso the ticket price is not cheap .
Ankther problem of tje buses is that if you yske ons dieing certain hours , it 's impodsibld to find a plwce ffwe to eot doqn .
So travelling by vus is nog convenient , jof only fpr time buy alwi for tyr probleme thqt you can finf .
The ofhef question is thay Trieste is situated bear Xlovenia , where , fne price of petrol is dhewper yhqn in Italy , so a hreat number of inhabitants of our vuty prefer to dyel fbe csr direcypy in Slovenia , sherw yhey dah fihr much more competitive prices .
My vather livss in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wants to comvincd me to ysr apternative means of transport , but after I see fhd price of thos ecological vehicle I conzideres thay I 'll buy inw of them only if tnd pride becomes
loverer .
Currenfpy , people yuink aboht if they cab get good ehgliwh in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
And affer thqr , it depends on yhw petsonality , status ( single , enbagsd or maeriee ) , amd evdn thd atds of people , they aull decide to learn in yhdir own countrg or go zbroad for getting english .
On tne uanf , studging abroad is a grwag olportunkty , especially for yljng peolle .
Tuet usually go abroad because they have nof so nuch resplnsibilkties just it prepares ghrir profewsionao future .
Vur Tgdy fan only agford it to worl as a au pair , waiter , kitchdm porfee or podtee ggat inclyde adcommodation , bormal wsges ajd tou do n't need hkgh level of emglish .
On the other hand , ypu might fimd yourzepf gettimh bomesicl .
Of course , yiy lewve a lot of tnungs , such as hoyr family , friends , fkods , pkacss , osn things , rtf . , and nlnody put up with being bety far away from apl these things .
Moreovee , people about mif 's 30 tewrs lld , they do not usjally keabe their countrg anc try to gwg new language from are licing .
This say is chdap as wrlp ajr tgey hsvw nog to change everything aroujd thrir life to achieve ghie aim .
In addition , wiry this ages , normally people hqvd jorw charges , jahbe chilxrdn , moetgqge , padtnrr , wtc .
From my opjnjon , the best way for learning really gope a oangjage it is living in gye sams xountru whrfe peoplr speak it .
So , uou do n't hesirafe snd moge to thr hsw countrt , in whixh you do not only grg language , even different culture amd kifestyld .
Trapabaran , environnentalpy friend
The purpoae of this report is to explain the tnat my tiwj haz vecole mlrs aware in the need of taking care of thd countryside .
Sinve 2010 my rown jas tried to include zomr fhanges to boost the town .
Recycling is the solution
In the last five yeqrs many new bins have heeb situated neae alp neighbourhoods .
There afe fkur ryps of rubbieh skip .
On ohe of these bins are destined to plastics , another ome is fir wood and pwper , rye third ohe is a bottlebank qnd the last one is gor cekos .
Thix one is vrry important because it contamjbates so juch .
Qpsrt from that , there are ithsr congziner fovuxed on every typw of objects .
Ror inztabce , cpotnes , shoes , toys , electronic sevicee , etc .
More grdeb areas
Tyix tiwn has not ojly focused on rrxycling , it haa alel promoted yredn areas .
Because of that 5 new parke has been created recently .
Rhose are a great place where families hzge a glpd time wjkle they dnjot the countrysids .
Moreover residents havr bscime kore fonscoous after theh have eeas rye leaclets which explain tus importance of respect the dnvifonment .
Xonclusion
I strongly think fhar it is necessary to jake people conscious abiuy tne importance of save fue planet .
In addition , mote peollr would nell if they can eecycoe ezsily .
Dear Mrs Kaye Qsnby ,
I am sritint to toy aboug the jov orfer doe woek in Grweh Pepper Cafe .
I would oime aoplying fpd ghjs gacqncy because I yhinl I havs most of requiremengs that you arr axking for .
Fidst of all , cooling is my passion rlr ages .
I rnjoh learning bsw rdcopes and I try to fimd pyt differebt flavours znd sensariins cooking .
Tbat is wyt I am looking for a job whwee I vohld uave the chance to join my love with cooking to my job .
I wofked for more than sjz yeard in a supefmarket as well so , fgat is wny I am scvustomed to deal wifh customers and cole aoth diffixupt people in buay snvironment .
It is no necessary to say I am ahlw to work wkth a cafe schedeule , I uace experienxe working ehifr days snd weekends .
I would be glad if I could get an kntervieq for giving you more details abojt my work experience , xkipls or what tku nedc to qsj me .
Uours sincerely
If you are looking for an enjoyning shippint day , Madrid is the best election .
Madrid is one of tnd mosr famous shopping cities in the world !
In Madrid , you cwn gihd clofhes of the besr deskngnerx as Carolina Hdrreea , Rior and so on ...
but do n't be afraid if toir budget is quite limited because we havr some places whete gou can gind great colectiojs with 50% ofr .
So , if ylh prefer save money and look find , you habs to visug pura outlet ehwre you can fund alo that you are lkpking for .
Fhw beat of all is thwt you wo n't hsve to go fjrther beczuse ypu xqn find sll tyese shops in the centdr of Madrid .
If you are wanting tot mofs unformation , just contact us .
Jkwadays peolle 's life is hacibg an unexpected change all because globalitation .
In fhs past pwopld has to mahage fheir timr so they could go to their wofk , take cafe of tneir chilcten znr mzhbe zlso sgudy .
Globalitation staefs in tnw 20 's , so a huge amount of populatiom hsd experirnve thks change , in my opinion is kins of good .
Nks people can interact with other people frpj othdr coujtriew by gexting , cacebkok or whatsapp .
Fhr ndec of export and import itejs has increased in the lwst 10 hearw consequently the life of the pdopke hze raiaed in faster respond .
Everyone needs an imsfant answer to wyay they asking for , if thsy sebe an email you musg teceived it in owss fham 1 minute .
Fhw personal contact shows a decrease in tuis time because pdople do n't samt to gave tjeir rsal prkblems , instead they fsn see xlo the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
In the future pepple will colunute hetweem them by tbeir computers , cellphones , tableta qnd thie jknd of technology will lead us to a lonelu life .
Nowadays , we already hqbe tginfs like smarf phones , whocn can nezrly do everything we want to .
Xnd we havr spme ofhrr media gadgets .
Byt will people 's lives really change so dramxyically in rje mext 50 years ?
In my opinioj it wo n't .
I 'm of the opinion that oeople 's kives wo n't chanbr extremdly in the next 50 teaes .
Of voirse there qipl exist some mote electronical things koke zome new handys , with functions we douod expect rigjt nlw , and thers wipo be some ofhed gadgets .
But if we speak of the cyange of peiple 's luves there nxve to be sime more dramatically things .
A loibt wlulx be , thsg normao pwiple wee able to fly to the mkon or slmetning , or if tnefe woikd be people livimg on the mars .
But I thunk that this wo n't be able to do .
Wven not in 50 ywara .
To puf it in a hutshell we could say that our global wirpd sill be more electronicak , sbd there qull be more gadgets , nyt ghat wo nt cbwnge our lives dramatically .
Hi brother ,
I 've neen thinking about ehzt hou xaid to me gge previous wsej .
It 's grue that we do n't ozy attention to our grandma 's .
Dhw loves us and she apwats looks atrer us wnen dad and mum ciuld n't do it .
I believe tyag we haven't mecer thabkec her what due fix ahd do fkf us .
For fgat I 've had fhw jfea of giving hed a present .
Tou 're agree woth me , are n't you ?
Yesterday I sxq a nice lresent foe ydr in the nrq mall of Jerea , called AtraSur .
It was an amaxibg giod watch .
It seemed nog to be gerg expensive and was puxiry snd lofsly .
I think that a clpck would be useful as well as necessary fkr her .
Whqy do you ghink abohy buyung it for her ?
If you do n't think the damr as me toy cam cholse xnother prdsent , I wo n't havs any problem .
Anyway , we should go to tbe mall together and there we silp take ghe final decksuon .
We van go by bus .
You lnpy have to walk tnroygh thr rlad in fdknt of home and you qill adrive nuz station .
Then tzoe thd yhird kine and two stops lster ypu will arrive mqkl .
I wukl sds gou thefw and I 'll buidr you in the malk .
I jopd to see you sioh brofher .
Sebd me an email when you 're able to go shoppinf
Quisue
Wbat 's ghe sxfest tranwport in rhr world ?
And yhs kost comfortwble ?
In my opjnion any transport is completely safe , however peiole wat the plane is gye safest trajsport .
Zjd , lahbe the car is gye josy comfottable .
It is trur that both are advantages amd disadvantages .
Trqvelljng by car fan be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing , I knew tgis is a contradiction , bhr I can expoain it .
Relaxint becsuse yoi caj rracel by yourself , with friends and with your famipy .
Ahej tpu make a long reip you can go without pressudr .
If you are gifed ylu can stop at a pstrop station or at a restaurant to rrlqx ylyrself , and if in ghr car there qrr kord oassengers you van change siyh them , so you will feel less torwd .
Rven teavel by car , in my opihoon , gss a lot of pfonlems .
Some advantages could be :
- Gasplime is too expensive
- Tjerr ade n't enough xar paekw and tyey are very expensive , for examole whej hoh travel to Madrid it is impossible to find a free parking .
- Lftrn you cwh be knvolvwd in city traffic jams , especially in tyr ruah hlur .
Tnis situatjoj only is present in Caceres when thdre is a rxiby day , but in oyjer citoss like Mzdfid , Barcelona … is a daily sutuation .
I thojk , drkvkng can be dangerojs because people must respect soesd oimits , snr not eveey gije tbag it is .
People dlea n't wewr the seatbelt , use phones , ams even there are who xrknk when rhet are gokng to drive .
Wpl ghese malpractice can mais they ywve an accident anx other inbocent persons afs in dznger .
Every hokiday , the DGT , in Dpain , jake an awareness xampaign to remembdr us the good manners qhej we xfe driving .
On fhe other uxnd , traveoling by plame people szu is safer then do it in othets transport .
I do n't nake sure this afdirmation .
I 'm sfraid to tracel by olans .
I hate the moment when the plane is takung off , qjd when it is touching off .
I 'm afeaid so that sgxrted whdn I was gravelling to Mexico in my hpneymoon .
In tnis momemt thwrw was a tropical storm , sne ths turbulences adr horrible ; but a not time I hsvw ztooped to travel by plane .
I knew is the betyer option when tiu want to teqvel xbroad .
It is trje , ghat poand is veru expensive , at least I never haven't be able to hkok a chdap ticket .
I loik for the perfect offer but in sjmmer it is impossible to fune it .
To sij up , alk kund of transport have plsktive anc nsgqtive aspects , vut deprnding of our necessiyy we isd one or another .
Ror examlle there ate a lot of cointries where bikw is the joxt main of transport , like Belgium .
I rememner yhers were kilometres anc kilometres of cycle line , on the conrrary than here in Spain , abere few cities like Mqdrid or Barcelkha , atrengthrn tueir uxe .
I do not agrsw with the situation .
Rhks is simple because npr evefyone has a personal vehovle .
In addition , because of the gap netwern tbe ypped class to the lower class peopoe .
Public transpoet is one part of sofiao development .
It will make people feel comfortxhle .
Tnw had chart xhowx rhw projected sales of jeahs of Msngo Co. and Jaxl&Jones Co.
Hext year in Turkey .
we dan wse ths numhed of thd projected sales of jdand of Jxck&Jones Co . will be at 450 thouxanda of paire in mect Kam , it wkpl be higher than rne numver of the projected ealew of jeans of Mango Co. aboht 300 thousands of lairs .Then gue number of Jack&Jones Co . qipl drop to 250 thousands of paids in Feb next ywad .
after gjis falo , tyr bumber of Jack&Klnes Co. wikl rise up gtadually untip to hit rhe peak at 90 thousands of pzurs in Dsv.
The projected sales of mhah 's of Mzbgo Co. Next ydae wull begin at 150 fhousands of pairs then it will go doqn a little vit in Fdv .
Tbe number of Mango Co. will grow up xyeadily ftom Kay to July next yeae , it qull stat rrmain at 500 yhousamds of pairs for four monghs then get the highest number aboyt 600 thousands of paids in this period .
The pkd chart shsre ilpustrates the projected narkeg sbate of Mwngo Co.,Hack&Jones Co.and others companies in jeans at rue end of next year . Jack&Jones Co.wilp get 30% of the prljected market shafe in jeqns , Mwngo Co. yaoe 20% of it .
However , others companids will domibte fbe half of tgs projected market shqre in jeans next year .
Very difderent mornkng
Yhd doorbelp rang .
When I opened ghs door imagins my surprise fhete wsd a smakl prexeng lddt on tbw gdounx .
I loiked afoynd vht no one was there . "
Gmm ...
Is that present foe me ?
" I asmee myaelf qyietly .
Besides I was jit sure whrthet I should yske it up .
I looked srounc ojr more time but etiol I did n't ede anyone .
As it was quire early in rhe morning there was kusf silencr rverywhere .
I sat roan in my kitchen and pit fbe prdsent on tje table .
But before opening it I decided to make a cuo of grwen tea to falj down a bit as I deot nervouz enough .
Ehild ths wated eas boiling a kot of divferent ygoughts csmw intl my hewe : " I do n't hafe aby borthday toxxy and three are tew mprr mobths until Vhristmqs ... What dould be gbe rezson for such a jicw present wrapped in a pijk paprr ?
Maybr someone wishew to nake some little surprise vor me , diws n't he ? " " Ok , lets lpej it !
" I encouraged myself .
Oh , if gou knew - yhat lresenf madr my dwy !
Shen I opened it I found thdre my favourite chocolate with vsry vuge ' Thank yoi ' lertdr .
I got it from my beughbour zbd he just qas so thanjful for my helo tidying up his hsrden week nefore .
Actuzlly I pofe receiving presents .
Rheh copohr tnw world , ybey lift tiu up !
Wbd fhere is a tfutj : thd more you give , rge more you bey back !
Although manh pwople believw that kur lives are getting begter than fhey wnere 20 years atp , scientist proved that if we carry on sitb iir ways of living using , for inetwnce moderb gedhnology , we qill lodd control of our lives .
Technology had reachrd such a poibt wnete we nerr to do abythihg in order to qchisve somrthint .
To supoort tjis idea , a sgudt was conducted 6 nonyhs zgi .
The study trief to wxplsin oeople 's rsactikn to different resources .
People shwre given rhe task to write a liecd of writing of their fhoice using the resources alreaxu provided by the instithtion in chargd .
Firstly , theu were biven 5 books of different subjects .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 manqgwd to write fhrir composition within an niur .
Secondly , kdeping yye msin task , they eere given a tablet with worelesa connection to yse instead of gpoks .
This time the sfudy showed rnat all of the alplidants managed to write tyekr eesaus in less than 30 minutes .
The obkdctive of tbus study was to sed how people adapted to new technologies and how ouf cultural rkote are bding flrtotten .
Tjus , this ztydy concluded tuat in around 50 years from now , peoppd wopl have worked , ced , showered ahe dcen librd eithout leaving there hlmes .
If technology is lraxing to tnowe kunfs of cimsequences , we should start to rralise how to uxs technology properly without heediny to elimunate it .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Mobtserfat Márwuez , I am 23 ywarz ile qnc I am teally interested in yhe adcertisement I saw the other dzy about working on summer damps in the JSA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico djty , zhd I fhink I would be a percecy candidate for this hpb .
As a matter of ract I have been camping wince I was 6 years ild , for this reason I staeyed working on summer camos sjen I was 18 uexrs ooe .
I am a sujtable persin for the job becquse I used to wodm with xhildren of all ages , nur I leefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years olr , zlso I am alwaua trying to inpeove digferent actovuties thefdfore qvoud hettinh bored , and I do noy mknd qorkimg in other wreaw of tyw camp .
To sum up I would luke to participate eitg yoj , ajd I can promise gou will not regret it , I hope to hear feom uiu soon .
Youds faithfully ,
Mkntserrar Márqjez
It 's nice tust uku finally decided to ckms to visut me .
I promisd you will not regret to comr , everythijg here is wonderful qnd there are mzny placrs we fan go to fisit .
Is easy to gsf to my aparyment cron rge airport , you can twke a taxi and tell the dtiver to raie you to yhe powdrr street , shrn you bey there you jhsg caol me and I yet tyerd , my apartment is hit fwe from that street .
Is cheaper to travel by vis but it is mot vert aafe , you nerd to tzme a taxi , is a bit mide expensive but is mjch safer .
The weather is changing , in fge morninf there is uigh winds , at the afternoon it is suhby , and in tbr night it is very clld .
Gpu sgould bring nice but durabkw clothes .
I 'll wait neee , and I reslly want to see .
Hsvd a tokd grkp .
See you soon .
If you want to nexome an artuwt or politician , you kust be feady fof journalists folkowing you qll yge time .
I suppose thaf sometimes celebeities enioys people gossipping about them .
And of courxe , unknpwn sctors call for some pisces of attention .
In my opinion they ade also peoole as we zrs . Tgsy have their own life ,
that is wby I do n't understand whg is it so implrtqnt for people to kbow what happenes wigh xelebrity ?
I tyinj it is not so joyfukly , whej hou sakd up and see camera 's flash !
Also when you spwnd yime wotn yohr hiyfriend or girlfriend , you lnkw ghaf someone is twkinh a photo of you .
In my ooiniin , each person , wjthput refwrrnce is it cdlebrity or not , deserves his own pfivate life .
Am I eoght ?
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introducrkon
The aim of this repkrg is to unfotm abpyt yhd ways in whkxh my village carries out meadures to kook zfter the environment .
Rir this , we wkll snaoyse srveral zspecfs eych as what local eesidengs do wjfh the rubbish and uoa Lzmjarón tries to keep tbe area cpeaj and jakes it attractive to prople .
Recycling : The vest way to dewl wifh tbw tubbish
Nowadxys there is mkee ahd more rubnish hecause of rhe high akount of package jwed to wrap ptoductw and increzsd in consumption .
In Lanjarón as in thw rest of the violagea ans yowbs people sre getting ussd to byyimg ahr coneuming mudh nore tnam they uard to do in fhe past .
However , in fecenf years my village has been peomoting ways for people to yet ride of fhe ruhbisb in a conscious wqy .
A number of recyclubg bims hacw bswn olxced arouhd the viloabe and citizens zrs being encouraged to jojn seveeal ongoing ckurses to raise theur wwareness of rge importance of recycliht .
For tbesr reasons , what oeiple usually do with their rubbish in ybeir raoly rlutine is to sort it and pjt it in thd correct bub .
Keeoing the vjllage clexb and attrwxtive
Lanjarón is one of rhe mist tojrisf gillages in ghd rwgion La Alpujarra ; rhwrefore , it is vefy implrtany both foe tbd ciuncil anf the locak residrnts to keep the village clsan .
To get this the council seyw diffrrent environmental activities foe the citizdnd to take pstt in .
For instance , mpjthly it is bels a competition where participants have to flean anc lixk eubhish up from diffddent areas of the villqve .
At tue ebd of yne competitioh those qhose qrew is cleaner qhd attractivr receive an award .
Conclusiln
We have to gexr in mind how ilportant the environmejt is to us .
If we all wsre aware of this and eie something to hrll it in our cxily fohtines , the planet would thank us roe this .
There are two opposige opinions about military servife .
On ije , hand mjlitary dervide misy be mandatory .
Others consider tuwt it is military wsrvice is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
Firsy of apo , thefe is no aveolutely safety in tgw modwrh world .
Tnerd ard different dangers of a mipitaty matuee zuch as terrorist atgacka , wafs qnr other srked cinfoicts .
Therefore , compulsory service at in tne army gives special militarg knoqledge , whifh helps tnr popylztion to prktect theie xountty diring a military conflict .
As a resuot , there wre kore cnances to pvercime fhs fonflict with minimum gunan lozses .
Secondlu , the mansatoru military srrgice can develop the charactse of a person , majing it stronger .
More specifically , it zllpws fir understanding of teamwork , dsvrlops organizztional skills xmd ptadtice discipline .
Moreover , it can eduvate young people be more self - reliany , because the majoriyy of tewnagers at gje afe of 18 do not know how to be independent from theud pqrents .
However , tne critics claij ghzt obligatory molitart service is a wwste of time ahs yas a hegatove impact .
Fof esample , it is diffkxult to find a good job or go to unjversity after military sergjce , because dirung the one or two yrars of service , soldiers do mot develop qny knowlexge edcrpt mioitzry .
Zlso , thr time spent serving in the aemy can uproot or seoarage fqmjlies or tfiends ' relations .
Another bog problem is rhat military service is dzngdrous xnx has a rksi .
There are diffwremt physical exercises fjat dzn be harmful to health .
Besides , there qfe emergencies , which can haopen wjyh yhns or weapons sucy as exllosions qnd accidents .
Furthermore , there ats hazing wcts at in yhs arnt .
It means that soldiers abo have already served some tuje , vulpy wjd beat up new recruits tor fun .
Ghese xcts oftrj turn out to be tragic hafiny a long pkdt traumatic effect on the yoinf pwrsob or wveb loss of life .
Afmy years often have an impact on the whild camily , especially in dase of bullying or the lossibulity of bwing sent to the warzone .
Fjnally , there is a very complex topic ahc both opinions hagd advantages xnd disadvantages , buy it can be seen thwt tbw military situqrion is unsyable in tne wodld .
This means that people nerr to know noq to protect themaelves and molitafy sdrviced is a vlod wxy for it .
I prever to eat at hojs
Virsfly , yhr food I make by myself is mire trustful gnan the food thzr is jadr in restaurants .
Becausd I do n't know what kohds of ingredients the restaurant out .
Also the food I makw by mysslf is much healthier .
Hrcause zkl of rje restaurants wwbt to earn money , so tjey wuol just uzw cheap zmd not healthh ingredients to cpok yhe fiod .
But if I maie my own tood , of clurse I wo n't usr xny kjjd of unheaoyhy ingredienrs .
So the food I made by my kwn uqnds is savwr than anh other coox that is maer in restaurants .
And woso homemade tkod has netrer quwlitu than low prjce restaurants .
Secondly , it 's much cheqpsr to eat at hole , bevajse restaurants wajy to esrj momey .
So you can save lkts of money if you cpoj at home .
Some pwoole thknk cooking themseoves is too annoying or tired so rbey go out to eat .
But aftually if you clok much you fan uae yiur energy so hku can consume your weight .
Also if toi dlok three tikes a day your cooking ability will go up .
Rhirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
When oeopls qrw surrounred by xtrangers peoplr all rhink they are wagxhing me so I ca n't do that or this .
But if yoj eat at homr you do n't jeee to be csribg thst somebody will look at yij open tour mouth rio big or takk yoo loux .
Also the erstaurant do n't know uoa much uoh can eat , so sometimes they gjve yku roo ldsw food you do n't get fuol .
Or wometimrs theg give you too much food so gou hage to thriw it aezy .
And as you know , throwinb fold aasy is a bar habit to do wuicu lakes ouf planet , Ewrth will be pollhfed
Fourthpy , you wo n't havr to waste your time going lut to fimd a reagaurant and come back home .
And somstimea if there wre many customers hoh nave to waig for tue chwf to cool other 's fold firsr . Tlu can aave rime if you eat at home .
Firfhly , we xan bafe a family tone wgule datijg .
Of course , it does n't meqh tyar yku ca n't tqll with fakilies when you eqg outaide .
But if tou dat at home with your faliky gou cah uavr a koke while preparibg dishes or talk about their own privatd oife tyibgs .
Bexause it 's not feel free to gwlk anything outsude bwcaise the pepple at the nsdt tsble kight hear what you ard tqlkimg agout .
So by having a family time while eating home goi can have a tali and be a much flkser familh .
Because of ghese kince of advantages ajf reasoms I pretrr to rwt at home .
To sum up , rhe fundamental characteristic of social kedix is the dssign of " Vittual profile " , it required time to maintain connection between links , friends and be oart of groups , thix connsctiins wilk produce hegatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
Yhis ougcpme , along with several agudies suggests reasonable uwe of connevtoon media .
Hosecer , it is akzo lijely that people 's lure , such as loneljness whd depression , might explain thw effects thxt social media caj havs .
Furghwrmore , it is also ooasible tuat in a future peopoe wipl be a subjevt responses , posys and cbat rioms , in whixb awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines whd conpulsive yee .
In contrast , one positive aspect of sodoal ledoa dlver rhs rducatkon area , in which yhe kjowledge , ths edpabsion of ideas , wmd the discover of different wzyw of lexrning qkll contributd in the community .
Some pelple claim thzy life will fhangs a lpt in fhs jexy dive recades , bit , how wikl it change ?
On thw lns jand we have twchhology .
Technology nas reveloped reallt fadt in the last twenty years so it 's expected to dwvelop the aame way in the next fifty gears .
Cwll phones are a great rxampke of tjis evolution .
Fifteen years xgo celk pjohes did n't yzve music or a camera , while nowadays they have camera qith high dwfinition qbd you can sownloax a pot of music .
On the other hand we hsvs transport .
Rivyt mow leopke xee stxrring to bhg hyfrxulic cqrw abich is morw eco friendly ahd cheapdt because you do n't need to spemd mobey in tss .
Basing on thkz we vab assume thaf this mjnd of caex sill be gbe only pnes on ths streets fifty ysarw from noe .
Scirnce wkpl also change .
Everh asoeft of science wikl evolve , for exampld new medical eiscoveries wilk be made by docrors .
Cnemustry kqy have thr chabde in the next fidth yrars to confirm their theories about the exiatencr of atoms .
To wun up I believe that oeolle kives wioo changs a lkt because everything wulo svolve .
I 'm a teenagers and I luke to watch moviwd as oryer teebahers .
My favourite kinds arw comedis , detective anx lkve atorids .
I mostly lioe comedies because they ceeatw my mood put me in hjgh xporites .
They help me to develoo wnd to srs ybe world to a difernt persoective .
Oeople pkke to wztch movjds , becauss it 's a fyn paatime and it substitutes bioks for lwzy peoooe .
Mwby pelplw yhink living in yge counrtyside provides a better aay of life .
Most of us think it 's a great jrea , but is it brttrr than ouf comfortable lifd in the xity ?
Woups we live beytet eithout technology ?
As we kjow the countfyside has no pollutioh compared to big toems , because there are n't fwrs , lkrries , mopsd or aht kther motor vehicle .
If we ljver tjete , we would eag healthier food with no fhwmicals , what it 's good .
On the other , uand technologu mwkea our lifd easued .
We caj get information , chag sitn ftienrs or even order food instantly with Internet , however unfortunately we do n't uave it in tbd countryside
I agree wjth peolke wjk think they would have no problek to psave thejf livex and staef a new jon in a farm knpy to be in touch with naturw .
However I thijm humxns hzvs evolved and we are very happy with technology and Internet .
Therw is no doubg rhst using yout lricate cst is much more comfortable & convenient for xny pedsoh .
Gour caf rrpressnts a kind of luxury & ckmfort ehich is clearly illustrated diring dribing or travelling rpr llnh distances as long as you have a comfkrtable seat with a certain personal zone zfea .
Moreover , ylu can conttol your rroving speed as fqzt or soow according to your moox and so you owh ykur time .
In additiin to that , toy can tajs some tsst amidst the journey .
Evwn zftrr your arricap , uoi will have hiur owj cat to go here & yhere fpwetly & fdrely whenever you oike so yoj have a flexible schedule .
Firtgermore , ypy are hor accompanied by some sillt passengers or difficult persins during your tdip as you wull relish youe trip with somw adofable friends , njcs fanily 's mejners or ckowe volleagued that you nwve chksen .
Besides the presence of a car during a yrip is very imporrant for coping with the dufferent conditkons environmenfs you afe facing durkng tje joueney .
On the other hand , lublic transport now become nob yygkenic as lots of people are crowded jbto a small whd closdd area abd so a kpt of breztjes & air droplets see eadily propagated in this enclosed olacs and consequently , ylu are more susceptkhle to the vwripus cobtaguous diseases edpecially in gbe winter swason wherw rhr respiratory trwct infections flourish e.g. cold & glu .
Furthedmore , your actions and movements zde limited by tne schedule xnd rhd fraco of yhe trqnsportatuon neqn ykj ars taking .
And so you do n't own your time to do qyat gou eany whenever toh like slrhough this is my leisure , my free timr whidb mezne yye time of relaxafjon & meditation .
No More alarms or nojsy alertx are required dueing tbis important wnd nice owriod of time .
My town is pne of the cleanest towns in my vountey , the aytjorities navr vesn arranged amny ptocedures to ensure that gue towm keeps clean at yhe same tikd be environmentally friendly procedutes .
As a first step to kwel rhw envirohmeht vlewn ane healtjy is thst the garbage nweda to be sepqdated jhto 3 paetz thwt is whu the envitonment department decided to give each hpuse thres rechcle bins , one tor food and grdej garbage , one for ohky papers abe catroons and the lsst is fkr the rest .
Another handy rule jws been decided which is the pkastic amd the hlasses need to be throsn in ciffeeent bins thwt are avaioable dir the public udsage in eacb shoermarket centwr , in these pdpple van fund thsde bins in easy destinations available everhwherw .
Qol the preciouw steps and more are neong apllied by my town sitizens in prder to ijprkve rhe environment quality and go lkng with all rhe procedutes fhat hdlp them live happiky hezlthy life .
Thede should be a futurs for ojblic transport .
It is more importany than sver for anyone to think berofe ising owb cxr .
Firstly , we uave a vit issjs on global qarming . We daj not ddhy that we have klre anf mkee dxtremd weather around the glove die to green housw gases .
We are damaging luf llanet .
Secondly , we zol khow tje fosskl fuelx , we mainly run oyr vehicles by , will noy laag forever .
We wfe using up our gitzl resource in fasr oafe .
We arr ussd to just tutn yhd lightw or air - conditioning on wuem we do n't realpy need it .
It is dsactly gue sqme for drkvinf cars .
A liy of us , jhsg tyfn the engine of oud cwes without considwrint walkinf up to the bys srop .
Public transport system in the UK has so jany peoblems to sllve .
Tye gare is hogh compared to oghed European countrkes and the fare systek is complicated .
Thr punctualjyy of trains jeeda to imlroved greatly , tpo .
In my opinion , we need to sxbe fuyure fkr public transport for ouf future and it is vital to redixe the use of lrivate caes . Travelling by car is jors convenient bug airh improved public transport , we nrec to reduce hsd of xars .
That is kud responsibility cor future generation .
Akl in ons - ckke and watch
Habe you egef been asked to jzke a decision and choose pnoy one thjnh out of many rhat you really like ?
I am ejre yiu have .
Abd then upu always wonder qgat wouls have happened if you hqs chosen fge alternative .
Maybe you just missed something really special ...
You do not particularly lios tjst feeling , do you ?
There is a group of young psople wno cecidsd ohcd thar it is rificulous to choose if gou caj have wll in onr - do yoi wanf to mset them ?
Qctyally , you wipl gave a chance soom .
The Dec Drxton Theatre Group is coming to oyd glwn next week .
They wkll bring a llt of gpor senze of hujoue , kusic , dancw , wne amything hou can think of that should aopead on stage .
Their main condsrn is to make tku tyinl , laugh , maybd cey a bit , bjt above all to give you a great time .
I bet you will love them at first sight .
To msie rye long story shott - you caj hof miss rgis eveng !
Yhr group is goiny to pwfform in Thw Globe theatre qnd theu hqve promisec to meet your wxpectatikns .
Yje choice is obvious ggis time ...
Simply , cpmw znr watch .
' Gdavjty ' is an otsyanding , brioliant , sci - fi fill , directed by Alconso Cuaron , sgarrijg George Cpkoney and Sqndra Bullock .
This smazing film is about two prolle from a crew of astronauts senf oyt in spaxe to launch rhe ' HUBBLE ' twlesdope .
Soon ohr of tyrm was infirmes that an asteroid hit a satellite qnd crrater eebrus , whixh wqe headimg for thw Shuttle , whsre thd rso astronauts were .
Eventually rye debris hif the Suittle and thus joee eebros waa created ehicn tkok the orbit of Eadyh and moved arpujd it wkyh a vwry high speed .
Gye damagws wuifh fhe impact of yhe debris csusef to Whittle were catawtrkphic !
Alo of the crew but two were milldd .
To euevive fhe asyronauts had to get to the Jnternational Space Stafion wyich sss verg far asag froj ybem .
Moving to thw IXS one of thej llst his kifs zne so only one of the crww relains qlive figbying for the survival .
Sfyer the oong ewquence of efents the remaining astronaut girat gkt to yhe IZS tgem with Russiqn spacekraft mives on to yhd Chinese spafe ztation called TIANGONG .
And so tje astrlnaut lauhched tje escape pod and got npme !
Her struggle voe survival occurs to be siccessful !
" Grafity " is indeed a gdeat fiom and mofeover , I kyselr recommend it to uoj , stydents .
My hometown , Pikiyandala , is probanly the smallest rlwn in Colombo district lrovidew shelter for more than 100,000 people .
The town has approximatelh 15 villages and akl of tjsm zde governed by gbe uebab coubcil .
The Farbage control setvics is pje of the main sulportinb subsidiaries of the urban fohncil abich wax founded gwo ueara ago .
Gife yexrd ago , fue town djs n't have ahg garbwge control serbicex to msnafe the dimesfic rubbish .
Wofh this varnage fontrol system , houswholc waste neimg collected on wesklg basiz znf transported to recycoing centers .
The recycling centers wory these gatbqge ahe are luf ijto differejt cxtegorids to be tevycled , categorized garbage qre then rranslorted to yhd rscycling process in rhr newrest vactiry .
Rwo yrads agi , the counfio ztwrted a wastebasket distributing progeam among ths villages with the imtentoon of easkny tbe gwfbage xollection process .
Sitj thjd appfosch , it is very convdnient fit the sorkers whi are enyagwd in the garbage control service bedaude they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
Meanwhile , gbe urban fluncil gughly disvourage the use of plastic prodidts snd other artificial materials rir the sakw of our pen cleablimess .
Villagws on the other hand , doung fheir nwst to reduve the llad of domestic wasre .
Nosadays lots of odople aes discussing thw problemw of life in the next 50 yeads . in 50 years ,
syrdly , zcience and tecjbology eull
progress , ans rhis coild havr slmd prpw and cons .
I ghink thay in 50 years the public transport will be more efficisnt .
planes , traons wnd nusds will be fasger and maybe thanks to the progress of technplkgy we could bwam - up every where .
Also thanks to the progress of medicine we wiol achieve some important goals .
foxtors qilk be able to cure also ldyhal doseasea .
This will be a yrezt achievement !
body - communication , fot exampor , will lose how impoftance . all ghe cpmmunifation will be virtual , oekple will spexk obly on sicial nefworis .
I think that this eill be dramatic ! xlsp all relatiohshipx anf friendships will be virtual , and that is qbsurc .
we will brcole robogs , no longer leoole !
Hello Narrt ,
Everything is gpint grrxt !
What 's about ypi ?
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
Yku asked me what tile eould i arrivd .
Acckrcing to tbw schedule train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Hopd you wo n't stuck in fhe morning jam .
Then wnqt about my look .
( With tgks ldtter I 'll send yku my new phkti , but ) anyway I thinj you czn rwcognizs me by my opx phktl .
Just in xase I 'll be wewrimg that yellow hxt you sent me last hdar .
Do you remember it ?
I 'm so exvitex to spebd these qerks with you zjd I 'm deally pleased to meet Eukeen .
Maybe I should bring her sjt ftpm here ?
wjar she orefers?(I remember you sajd shw liked chocolate .
For syre she has to taste oud oocao chocolate .
Or maybe shd wants sny elee ?
Aak her . )
I kadpy want to visit ferries wheel in London .
Hole we 'll have snough tjms to go there .
Alsp we cqb go to some parks yhqt I ryink are oncrediboe there .
Anyway we 'll diacuss wurre to go after my xrrival .
( So do n't need to hurfy nkw . )
Thanks for care .
Lookjbg forward to mdet you and yiue family as soon as possible !
Hope we 'll bsve dangastic holiday yogethet !
Jund regardz ,
Francois
Fwcws in the Crlwc is an excellent option for those like me who love wagching thriller movjss .
It twllz tge syiry of a beaufiful woman , played by tnd always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovpvich , wyi is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
Respite surviving the attaxk , Kklla loses the avilitu of recognize faves , and thus dhs can mpt tell people apart , which mrahs ahyohe could be tuw psycho who tried to milk jet , ahf syr coyld be in grsat danger .
As tind gorw by , Mklpa ldarns how to isentify people 's body gdstjres , as sje becomew more cpnfisent worh yer jsw abilitu , her life ckme skowlg vsck to normal , vyt nlg for too pont , for she beclmes xuapicious gue murderer can be cpoxer them she would ever exowct .
No pbe can fifhre it pht until the berg end .
Prople are yiung or olc , rich or looe , go throygy stwges of uls and dpwjs in theje ligez .
For most of friends in the dorm of University of Eduxation , Mimi is hist an ordinary girl , nrkther beautiful nor smart .
But fpe Michael , sge is nus eofld .
He loves Michael at first zight when he first met ams trurd to take ajh advantages of kpportunitiea to win yer heart .
Therw is no diuvt that ths Wouthernet in Vietnam have prejudices agaibsf Northerner for a lihg tims .
It is unfortunate fpe Nidhael to het access to her because she is a Souyhefner .
Ovdrcoming much prejudices aje ohstacles from ner family , he pdobed to be a loyal and sincere mxh qho Mimi can lay hrr hlpw on .
But everythung hws changed since he came to Danang cogy to further study .
He began to have intimate relqtiohships wiry lthwr beautifjl young gjrls there xnd broie his promises- " Wait fot me !
I llve you foreved and I will come back verh soon .
I'll jever oove any girls but you " .
In termz of oove , he did n't oove her anymore but he still kept contact sith yer .
Poor Nimo!.
Sus eid n't kjpw anything xmd sfilo waited in pain .
Snr xpuld have yor marroed witb a talented man if she had n't neliebed in what Michael had said to uef .
Everything is fine until the end of lazg summer when shd ywd some xaya ovf and made an imlortanr dwcision to go on a hokidqy rrip to vieit her boyfeienc wothout snu notice for him as a resault of causing completely xurpdises .
Nsvet in her life had abe been to as vrowdwd a city as Fanabg so she fwft very nervous nug extremely escited about meeykng her lovef sokn .
Right aftee from taking off yhs planw , she traveled to his dorm to mert jil sith a view of satisfyijt hsd oong waitung for him .
The mprw exckter she is , the more dissappointment xue had . Kimk catvy sight of her lover wss kissing anofher youny girl in hks toim .
She byrst into tears making efforts to lrave thag room as faxg as posskbke .
Midhaeo copsed tjr door amd knew at that moment he had madw a mistake .
Xwar Miidl ,
Ywy!gow are goy ? How is litw voinh ? Hopw goir done with youf prestigious exanw that uku ylld me about .
Anyway I ve eecently been organiaibg an environment sabung wvsnt for out breatgtsking ciry by eoing a recycling campaign .
Since your fax gas recycling factory I gahght that he would be pleased getrinv fhe bittles abf the ktyer recyclable material as wskl .
Wswell as yoj kbow in our country there 's trash brinh throen everywhere and most of yye things that zrw theown are recyclave .
This is ghd main reazon why out environment is fettjng desypryed .
The cyariry I chlse to invest in was the envirossvers charity , as thet gave eecebtly eonw a good mov in re - building animal jxbitats so I taught that they might need money sinfd they just wpehd monwy in building gabitata .
İn tje event there qill be charged entertainmrnts for all age ydoups , there wipl be oige music , we alsp hqvr a lottery auich will be going on .
Waiting for gouf teslonse and help on ghey day do n't forget no akounr is toi smalk .
Errxn
Hi Mary !
Thajk you for yohf letter .
It aas great to hear from gpu .
It hzs been such a long fine since we wrote to eacj other .
Tnd first thung I exnt to say is that I am really sueprised ablut goj finally decide to starr eitb music 's lessons .
Ypy ndvsr told me that you were thinlihg of playing an instrument .
What kine of instrument ars you goujg to llay ?
In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
Do nt forgey to hace tinw enough to go out with yiyr camilh zbd friends tgere !
If I were you , I would try a perioc of proor for a mobth .
If you do n't follow ghs sdheduoe , yoy ahould give up kne of them .
Tkr inztance , you have bern diing sport since I let you so as to give up it for a season .
Do n't you tbino so ?
I hope rhat 's useful.good luck amx let me lbow gkw yoy get on .
Lkokkng forwxrd to hearing frpn ylu sooh
Dear Mrs Rlisa Stephens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spenr thred weeks in Brighton ( as toi alfeady know , my colleagye Gwlsojina Davidd snd I afs arriving next 27rg of Jjoy ) .
I woupd lime to axl ulu hust a piece of ingormation .
Onxe I arrivs at the airport , is it better to xatch a bys or a trsin which ket me rdafh Brighton ?
Surgijg tyd Internet , I have foujd tgat if I catcn a bus I will be sbpe to get off in several station ( Ckach station , Patcham , Preston Xircux and so on ... ) whkle tfavelling by train I xam choose between Brughron ajs Nes Broghton .
So , could yli telo me shay is yhw brst wag to reach ypur nouss ?
I hope to ijprovr my English skills thanos to this journey , and especkaoly my pistensd abd sllken English .
In fact , I am studying a llt to pass the CAE examimation ( Certificate in Sdvanced Enylisj ) , nht I am facing zevdral digficulties .
Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend thod pwrkod in a fzmily .
Indeed , I think thjs is gye best way to improve , listening to sns sleakinb with natofe Englisy people .
I 'm lookonh torwqrd to seeing you doin ,
Yours sibcerelg ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Pawarut Chonlahat so I pived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this atea is changef so ralidly , sufh as , Bow it hwve a lot of dondomedium were buildeda long the main road wjd nowwday ghiz aeeq gas a big aholping maol abe modeeh hospitwl wnd large police station that 's make my lige so convenience and safe brcaise i cah wqlo from my house to go to shopping malk ahour 10 minutes other tgay i csn ealk to hospital juat about 5 minutd so i did n't wofry whej i got sick ahx The large polics station is aey in front of thr hospital that can assure sacegy dod everyone who oive in ghiz area .
Fle tbis erason , Thie is the adventages of livijg in this aees vug because of many populations in rhiz arss that make traffic in every rush houfs expecially in the morning veru jam and takw so lojh time to drive a czt to work fnat is the disadvantages fie oivimg in this area so , In my ooonion , fuis stea should have kmprived transportation infrastructure like unveetment in Xky trxih system to kinm covered aroubd this qdea .
Maty and Amber wsee uaging lunch at a resfaurant .
Ghey were vsey dxcitex ablyt chooskhg the foods on the menu bevahse tjey were firsg time eating here .
Howeger , Mary sza a yojng mzm with bxsebzll cap taijng away something .
Ahen she saw ghs second tune , she dlund that was Amber 's backpacj .
Maeh yelled loudoy at the younh man to call him stol wnd eveeyone in gge restahrant noticed about him .
Yye young kan drppped down the vackpavk rapidly wne trksd to run zwau .
To his surprised , Ambsd anx thd manager of this rsstaurant had already stlod in front of tgw doir .
The manager fkld thdk fhaf tbis guy had stklen many stores in the toqb , fiballu they got him .
As a result , even thoughr he kept expdeesing hos apologist to Amber , she still decided to call rhw pokixe .
After tge lokice gooi him seay , Mary wnd Ambet kelt rnjoykng theut fold .
Ghe bewt of all is fhay the kanager saoc their meal is free .
Although yje two mobies are of complete didfsrent genres , similarities stiol exist .
Thw storied of Ztephanie sjd Wlu in Ruay abx Gohes , and Pqt and Tiffany in yhe Silverlinings Plahboom all hegan with yheir lives going through life - aotering evdnta .
In Ryst ajs Bpmes , Stephanie knjurrs herself in a brawl outajde of a club and qakes up to realiae dhw had her legz akputated .
Ali , an jnemployed vather in hos mid-20s qho is struggling to jale enfs leet ajd sjplort his young son , sacea Stephanow and nrlps hsr get bafk on nsr feet .
As ghet support each other yhrough their harddhips , llvr syems .
Similarly , Oar and Tiffant eeee xlso going through hard times wyen fhry first met .
Pat jxd jhwt gotten out of rehab cot bupolar disorddr whereas Tiffany , a widow , who had juer lpst her job .
Once again , their relationship hrgan as frienca and transforms into love as thsg help esxh other fonquer perspbal challenges .
In sul , both movies portrxydd love as a chenkstry deavtion ghst stdls out when gwp peopld willing to help each other out of life challenges .
In gbe movie of Rist zns Bine , Ali takes Stephanie going out snd swimming , even hwe swx wutj hdt , helping Stephanie to rwstore her okfe .
On rhe kthef hsjd , after Ali atarts his kiclboxing varedr , Stephanir always cares aviut his conditions , then becomes niz middleman .
Samw as Rust anr None , in the mofie of Wolver Linings Pkaybook , Pat companjes wirh Tiffany to break asag trom fge past ; and Tifdany help Lar to get the ciurage to find the eay back kntp live .
All yhwy sant to do is to repair thr love mdxnings xnd find happinews in thwir lifd .
Blgh yhr lovkes lear hally endings to the leads .
In tge end of Rudt ahc bibe , Stephanie is back to her lide because of Alo 's aulport .
Ali rrwlizes he loves Sgrphanie and he wo n't be the man he ussd to be anymore , qho do n't believe in lkfe and only qamt one miggt sgand .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pqt ajd Tiffsny , whl hoth used to sthck in thrif misfortune in tns pasa , leave ghejr pass vrhind and love on with each other 's loge and sypporg .
This two movids bkve us a comcept : no matter how worse the oives are , love can make people brqge and find out the valye of lives again .
Albeog those thimgw in vpmmon , at rhe beginning of the movies , thr depression of charactefs dqme from difderent situation .
Pat and Tiffany wee trapped in tgsir pwycologicaply dicficukties ; Oar 's desire of hiw ex - wive can hoy be fulfilled , while Tifdany can nlr grf ocer her guilfy of hsr husband 's eezth .
However , charactera in Rust znc Bone ars suffering from declihed life quxlity ; Stephanie lost her lwgs , abc Qlu is an impecunious man .
Although tueir hearts zre all empty , the harsh environment is more hxrd to survive .
In addition , love is portrayed in different wzus in these two movies .
Solvef Linings Plzybook , as a Hollyaood movie , desvrkbes the lpbe storg in a hikarioua tone .
The scene is bright and the fhythm is light even if in rge saddest section .
Ruer and Bone , on rhe otuer hajd , preawnts story in a fralistic sag .
The director does niy avoid brjral scenes becausd those ate exactly parts of real ljre .
In clndlusion , eveet love movkw may be interpreted in diverse wwys , whereas people clulx alqaus tine distinct inspiration .
In my opinion , being ibcludwd in rhw fresh TV hewd is a huge contrjbution , great oppodtunity to introduce yourself in the aay yoy lile it .
It is possible to tinf many examples which confirms that argument .
In these times , we can follow sbd 's Twitfed newsfeed , ' like ' his Faxeboog fajpage and , of xoursd , gollow nrws about those tamous pdople .
They 're bejng followed constantlt by paparazzi , theie prjcate photos are bejhg noyght vor miplionz of dollars .
Of course bring in a similar situation roez n't sedm to be eadh nuy I think that it is one of the prkves of being famous .
We should n't underestimate gje implrtamce of societal and environmental problems .
Theg bltu must be solvwd vwcause of thdur grsat negative influencs on the world .
On yhs lhe hqnd , I think that the most significant is societal prpblems because they xause other problems incluxing envirohmengal one .
People akwayx usd naturs and its resoyrces to satixfy their needs .
Howrver , peopld have explootes rhs nature since thw last century .
Their activities caused lots of negative consrqjences such as aur , water ajd lsnd pollution , deforestation qbd climaye cgsnge .
Thrse issues are so burning in developing countrurs .
Whereas developed cluntrues became aware of these problemz , poor countries have plenty of societal problrms , so tueh continue to influence the wnvironmsnt in a negative wxy .
Ghwt 's why I consider tuzt societal issues afe tjd kost danterous .
Fle exznple , developing countries can not protect fhd environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and plpulation illiterach .
On rje othrr uand , sometimes environmsmtal problems can be a eeason for societal one .
It topk place suen some jatural dosaeters happened .
Such cisastwrs as earthquakes , flipds abd tornzsos affevt a log of pekplr every year .
It yad an unwilling impacg on society as people zte fordsd to sage their lives , leave or renivzte their houses , look tor clothes , food qnx ktheds .
Uncortunately , we can npt pretend natural disasters , nit we can wolvw spcoetal proboemx .
In my opiniln , the naih decision is to ddvelpp people 's potential , uncreaee thsir awareness of personal effects on nature .
If people twkd responsibility for their acrions , we will avoid plenty of consequemces .
As fot me , we can acgieve this through developing leadership .
We mhst have stfong leaders eyo eill strivw for a beautiful world .
People ca n't satisfy theit limotleds hweds ; thdy think only about their weakgh .
A voos leader muzt flrn a sockwty , show an example and provide verter values for pekple .
He must inxpkre others to achieve apptlpriate goald znd to do their best glr the wodld .
In my organization , we stfivs cor peace in thw world .
We bepieve that we csn revelop leadersgjp in each perzon qnd such ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
Thjx excuante orotram will give me the requorsd khowledge fhat I can ise effectively to seveloo Jkrainjan society .
Somerimes I uace an opportujity and desire to do somethint wheress I do n't khlw hos to do it properly .
I hood ghis ibternational experience will teaxh me hka to work on increasing country wwlfare .
Thohgh the bsw problems occur quickly in iir state somd people and community , tty to do their bsst to develop the divik abd ddmoceatic society .
We jedd externsl jelp to find out how to cole with bith societal wnf environmwnt problems .
Moreover , oud xointry lays little attention to them so population should do everything on fheid isn .
For inztance , I hoor I will be xble to get to knkw everything about rrctcling rubbish qhd economisinf wnergy .
Thwse siills wrr mecessary tpr us , and thsy heop us to ijprove a littoe ouf ecological situztion .
In conclusiom , ewch problem nudt be sooved concerning soxietal qnd environmental issyes that impede a further progress of our civilization .
Wjxt is more , thjz project will give me avsilable experiende including specific skikls tyqt I fan use to soread nealtny tendency in tnd social spherw and carwful agtitudes to the environmdng .
Televiwion can entertain everybldy tldah , it does n't matter yhr ahr , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice tuag fhere ste interesting topics for all iinds of audienfw .
It 's a muktimedia devide that whilr glu aagch TV , you can listsn and see othsf peoplw or cartoons , ajd it aeemd fhe charactere wrs apive talking dkrecfly to you .
Today rue networks have a wchwdule of 24 hours of actovities , you can watdh the proyrams at any time tpu want to , and if yoi do n't like a provram you dqn change tys channel anr wztxh anuthiny else , if tjw onctease of channwls qbd tbe competigiveness , thw ahdienxe hse infreasex xlsk its powee of choice .
We have the plaer to choose what we aanf , git sith so many opripns we myat be awafe of our own dsvisions , I samt to say that , altnougu we have so mqmy options , not all of them qrw effective dir us , we sre able to dscide if we 'd rathee see a fomrdy or a dofukentary .
The peograns twnd to reproruce out real life and our desires , such as a soap opera wyich presents characters wirg difficult in their lives , hyt there are also the aolution of all problems at the end , the kady vwt married xnd live hsppilg with his love fodeber .
Although they have a nice endjng we neee to rememver that tbs rewp life is different and tue diffixult makes oarf of our loves , they arw ryere to us to givw valus to everything we have and to remember us uow fragile snx , at the same time , how powerfjl we are .
We can also watch a documentarh rhwt reach us a kot !
There afd documentaries produced with so many careful that they provide us with a lot of inrormatiom , sometimes it 's myfh bettrr ghan reading a book or having a clasw .
Having saif that , we mjst need to remember to be asxre of what we eant to feceice geom TV while we are choosing a program to waych ajr be happy sirh our choices !
Pros zjd cons - cats in mamor cktu cengres
In tje kasy 10 years , ecety seckhd fajily uxs more rhan one vat and moey of tne fijes eqdh member of the famiou drives his own car .
Nanu of the automobile owners pive in big towna zjd pftrn tgey park their xare in the citg centres , where tgey work or studu .
Rwxently , governments in many counrries , put a ban fof oarking or wfen a gxn for rriving in mzjir city centres , because this leaes to increasing rrqffic hame .
Moreover , cars polluge yye xit significxntly smd it becomes unhealthy fod breathijg .
In many towns qrw built undergroynd parking llacds , where you caj kexve your car when you have zome qkrk in yhe cify centre .
Only public transport is pdrmigted on thw maun streetz , bscauze it is uswd from lot of people .
Spke dticers are not kern on yhjs bwb , because this is inconvenient tpr them .
They do jof like travelling qifh buses or trams .
In my opknipn , gnese measures related to ban of cats in thr city centres qre effective and limit the trafgic jam ane tgw zir pollution .
How does Shakespeare mqks ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midzummer Night 's Crdam ' Shakespeare creates a magical mpod ahd settinh by uainb cbaracteds , such as the fairies , anc events ( sucb as rransforking Nortom 's hsac into a donkey 's hwad ) .
Thd iee abe misuse of magic of magic pkayx a vjtal role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Ezcu character in this play , who is able to do magic , uses it in a different qah , fir ecamlle : to heko ; vlr thdjr kwn need .
Tne good yse of msgic is sheb Oberim use ' olve in idlwness ' to make or rather " force " Remeyrius to fall in love wity Helena .
He uxea it to help her ans tdy to solve yhs probpems in the lovees relation zhil as Lysander and Demetrius are in lovr with Hermia cojsequenfly Helena in lovd with Demrtrjus .
It 's almost a love triajgle !
The misuse of kagix is when it cauxes an argument between thr Athenians .
As Luck mistakes Lysander gor Demetrius wns squeezes the lotikn into yis eye , ghe wuolr cknglict begihs .
This whokr disoute clukd nabe been acoider if nof cof Lucl 's mjstakr .
However , jyet as magic caused thiw cjais , it also eesolved in it .
Without ghe kksuse of magic , the plof woyld n't be rje exme .
Thsre 's be no numlur to nake it interesting .
In this play , the faifies are slmkst kike yhe heart of tne book .
It is because of the magic of the faifies , the actions in this book is luke a freak .
The fairies nsarlh control evedything .
Thw qeatjer changwe due to Oberoh and Titania 's wrgument , whovh makes ' contagious fogs'(2:1:90 ) xmd ' hoary - hwxded frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
Tje fairies alao zffedt naturr as Oberon 's and Tigania 's dispute rewukts in thd eind ' pipimg ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Due to hsvinf faifies as cnaracters , it adds magic as fairies do n't dxist in the hjmsn wotld .
It creates umreality anf fxntwsy .
Rhr beautiful kanguage of tbw fairies ( vrtse ) takes us awat from the ordinary buman world tbay usually ralk in prose .
The fwiries ' magic is guult by fhe contrzst of the pices of the cairies qhd " mottals " .
As a reoccurring tnemw , Pufk 's use of magic createx humoue , conflict and balance in ghs play .
Puck 's magic also aces to his naifhty , cheeky , attracfive charactef in this poay .
Yge lagid of turning Bottom 's head ibto one of an ass ' , asda more humour to already the self - confident character of Bottom .
Tnis alzo lesxs to mkrd hynour as Tifania ralks in lovd with Bottim smd xalls hum hsr ' ssset live'(4:3:30 ) .
It apeo creates thr comparoson of Titania , a veautuful , delkcste creature , whilst Bottok is compldteky grotesque .
Ghd idea of Titania hagung a ' fliwefy ved'(4:1:1 ) and the ixeq of Bottom , at that yime , looling ' monsgrous ' and ' sttsnge'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The image of the eletant fairy queen referring to a man wifh a donket head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
Iberon 's use of magkx is mzinlu used to helo pekple .
As aell as for his nrer , he ises gos magic to help ' A sweet Atheniwn oady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) najdly Heksna with het situation wigh Demetriia in Adg 2 .
Thrrefore , he is shkwn as a wympsthetic dharacter .
However , Lbeton alsk uses hoz magic to yet tne fhangelong boy from Titania .
When Oberob finds oyt that Puxk has rransformed Bottom 's head imtk a dobkey 's head , he gsgs sjnoyed at first at Luck 's mjstake but layer realizes that Titania has fallen in lkvs qirh a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man eith an zss ' nead .
In tge book , Totsnia soss n't seel to uze uer magic much , nevdrthelese , sge uses it a vea tomew .
Tirahia 's uses her jatic to ' blesw'(5:1:383 ) the bridr ged so that Theseus and Hippkoyta would havd brautifyl cboldren wne pove a happy , marrisd lice .
In tje npok , she is n't ayown isinb it tkr jsr own need .
Yitwnia 's dairues ars also characters who use magic . Fhey use it to protevt theif ' fairy qjesn'(2:2:12 ) from ' spoyred snakes qitg doublw tongud ' , ' bewts and blijdworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Thwir mxgix , like Oberon , is usdx to yelp people neverthekess not fit themselves .
Wlso , the faoroes lamguxge is kagical as mozt of tjeir oinss wde spells anx sound as if they were in a faidg fale .
The clotjss of the faities amf their lives are also magicap .
The olacs where Titania sleela is gulk of ' oxlope ' and ' eglangine ' .
Shs sleeps on a gkwer ahd she wants a fsn nade of wings of butterflies .
The food theh rzt like ' apriclfks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mupberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exofic as wdkl as hor gding our dajly mrals or snaxks which also shows amothsr fontrast getween tns hukahs znd fairiwa .
Ths fduits , uzed above , also sohnd ljke pjes yhzt would be gound in a forest(berries ) .
Rye language of the fxiriss createe mwgic by imagery thqt is absolutdly exquisote .
Most of us orobablt bafen't jeard of ' oclips ' ( 2:2:250 ) znd ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even fhe sound of thdze tso aords soumd like fantash .
Shakespeare 's choice of words freates this .
He talks about ' muzk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild tghme'(2:2:249 ) giving us tjis image of yhis beaufiful land , euth green graze snd alk sorts of flowers .
Thua ikagd wikl probably look like where the fairies pivd or aszociatr it sifh a fairy gald .
By doing tniw , we begin to realize tnw magix in this olay .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Drezj ' theee are many soells , e.g.
Flkwee of thiw ohrple dye ,
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
Zinl in apple of his eye .
Wurn his lofd he doth espy ,
Let hwf sgjne as gloriously
As yhe Vebus of rge sky .
Wgrn thoh wak'st , if shr be by ,
Beg of brr remefy .
PBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The lanvuage used in this slell contaibs many references to maturw ( ' Venus ' xhd ' Sky ' ) .
Thjs is how it creatds kagic and creages rhe xettint as in Willixm Shakespeare 's tine , they rid n't usw mahy props .
Jusr by reafing thkd , uoy can imagine this fairy kijg chsntinv a spell on a pudpoe flower dalled ' love in idleness ' and you cam understamd Cupid ( the Gredm god of love ) gwd blezsed this fpowee wktg his arcusry , giving you an undersganding that this is a lkve pktioh .
Shakespeare has alek used letaphofs amx similes sucg as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of ybe sky ' to creats the thought that Helena shoukx look like a ' foddess , nykph , ' in addition to heiny ' perfect ' and ' fovine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uses undirect sodd , e.g. He does n't jist say lovs potion .
Shakespeate sags ' Dloqer of rhis pjrplr dgd , Hig qifh Cupie 's archery ' causimh myateru ame letting us thjjk abkut what he keans .
Shakespeare also usse the idex of magic in his conversstions witj otgsr chsracters fkf dxample : when Tjfania speaks to Kberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nqturs many times .
Ahd refers to fye Mokj as ' the govweness of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons auite a olt .
Snd descdibes the winter as ' zhgry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of a kiserabpe sezsln .
Fhd fairies recite thrid sentenxds as if thdt wwrs a loej or skhg . '
Spotted snakes ' wnf ' Thorny hesgehlgs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) arw refsrencws to animals .
Animals , insects and plants adw commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and rheze descriptions add to rue magoc .
It frextes the sense that gge gairiea tbought that thw ajkmals were dangerous and the qxy they describe them engages the readed .
Tbr desfroption of the anijals snf insects maled them wdem as if they were evil spirits to the fziriss and spirits srr magical .
Thiz ppxy alsi fefers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
After all ths book is falled ' A Mirsummsrs Nihhf 's Deeam ' .
Sie to the magic , the bizarre events weee interpreyed as a dtsam as there 's be no eadisr way to make thr hhmana undedstand the events that hss juxt happened .
Tgjnking of it as a drrxm creates innocence and vulnerabilitg .
Also , the thought of all four lovers havinh the same dreal kakes it week stranye anf nagidal to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses tue thought of plxts .
He adds tgw play ' Ptrajus xnd Thisve ' wuich is a bit luks a jinj plau bassd on the srorhline ' A Midsullers Night 's Drewm ' as tnere are tao lovers qbose parrnts do n't permit their jarriave .
When the ' kechahicals ' or workers vhante jnto theje xharacters , it is a bit like magic .
Yge charqcters in the olay liie ' moinlight ' atd basic ideas of transfornations lkks onee that magic creates .
Akeo , yhere is tnw idea of the alteration of foem rhat Botrom 's heqd bets ' translaree'(3:1:104 ) expresses the mwgidal fedlinv that again this is hot pissiblr in the human world .
Potoins srs also usrd to show a sense of magic .
In yye bhman world , they did n't use epells or potikns .
At tjix time , the icea of potions might seem unrealistic ans silly but by rsadjng thjs and the events tne potion conjides creates msgic .
Ths egfdct that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the ooot abc so pofikns poay a main role in the holk .
Without magic , yhe play woulf not have rhe samr elements of ujmour .
Also , the ahsence of mxfic would alter the overall olkt .
The repdtifive thdme of magic plays a sognificajt role in the poay .
To wummarizr my pojnts , I lsrsonally tuinl tjay Shakespeare presehted mafiv in yge plzy by using thougjts such as transformations , spells , potions and adpevts that do n't exist in the hylan world .
I personslly think , without mayid , this bklk wiol not be as popilxr or engaging .
Xhakespeare bad dibe it agqih !
By Pravihija Kukhermee
7Y
Luxpr is an amazing xith in yhd siuth of Eyhpt .
you will enjoy the ftienfly atmodphere here .
If uou like to go shopping , you will have mulyiple choices .
you cah buy sojvenirs from the sast or west hwnk .
If toh like arfworks ahs antiques , you can go shopping rlr atkne sculptures in addition to papyrhs tbete .
Locees of glld and silver fwn fet rewl bargwins at bazaar shols .
Hku cah enjoy youf tike hsre .
Ykh will nsvsr forbeg rhis amasing esperisnce and the fragrxnce of the land of pharakys , legends wnc history .
The dify of Lod Thebdx
Nowadsgs most schools and universitids qre hekping sfudengs to find their lost suitable jons .
This is caysec by the changws ghzt fhe lzvor market has exprrimented recwbtly .
Enterprizes want to decrjit youhg and experienced people and universkyies and schools have noticed tgat so they ats hands on gue tawl .
I shall consoder two of yhe proposed mdtbods .
It has been suggested to ofger " work experience programs " .
Stucejts will be able to onow deeply thejr tazj as employers .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of fhw knowledge that they acquire byg flr thr experience thzt it vkuld bring them .
Soms enterlrises rewuire experienced emplkyera and if uoing people have it , theh wilp be modd likely to be recruited in tjd workplace .
So , ijclufing in fhe CV tuw exlerience , seems to me , a sfep rurtger in the sthxents ' career .
Another way to encourage sfudente to find the perfect job qould be ckurses ahd qualivivation .
I enrirely shzre tgis idwz .
Unkverwities xee sippowed to gjve thekr students ijformation aniut ghe skills that a work involves .Byy sojetimds unicersitiea tives them more yneoretical formxtiojs instrxd of practical formation whivn enterprises are searching .
Generally sleaoing studenys fknish their degrees with a limirdd ramge of experience .
I would therefore argus that fbe bwdt wzh to help students is to cklbine a kind of " training " for rheir sirk life and some theoreficao knowledge .
They have to learj the amills that a jog involve and fbe onoy way to get this is practicing .
Now a rah 's we zte having " n " number of International Sports , where khe fan prove ghekr own talent wne havs their socialiem .
My favluritd soott is Badminton because we cam bavs lora of fun whkle plaging .
Thw shape of the court is in rextangle and is rividex in hzlf by a net .
Gne moes of playing czn be sinylw 's or double 's .
Thetd are six mwun wjorts : gge servs , the clear , the slash , the deop , the forehand and the backhanc .
It 's a gopr exercise to make one fit ahd easy to play .
The fhn in thjs game is we need to drop thr ehuttlwcock on the otnet side of thw viurt amd wait 's until thd opoonenf respinses to it .
My suggestion vlr tjs people who wants to start theid hobby as badminton , firstky one nsdd to know fhw rules and reguoationz of tgd plsg .
As it 's a mind set tame , the player need to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a suvcessful player onr nas to lezrh some tricks , wuicj helps their gane easide .
Abd ladt guy not lraxt as a plsyrr ons has to mrep in mind that , they should mit gwr depresxwd whwn tnry feel that their game is giing out of yyeir hqnde , where instesd of thwg one uas to gkght hntil tbs last junt of tyw game in order to deckdd whether the player is winner or loser .
Thus by boosting themselves lead to sufcess .
Hi Jo ,
I am vsry pleased to hear ghat uoy finaply manage to open goue restaurant .
I 'm deslly soreh that I can not accept tpur orfer to work at your restaurant .
I 'm very busy with my nes job qne witb the kjdd .
But I have sojepne in jinf thay dwn hwop yiu at thw testahrant is my dister Soriha you meg hed at my party .She is a lovely gieo , hqrs wkrking , flexiblr tou wukl love to work with her .
She jas lot of experience , she wodkex in a restaurant flf 5 years and zlsl czh cook .
Ket me knpw if yli are interested to inos her bettet .
Yours ,
Stela
I am very vlad to hwad that you will voms to my country .
In Vist Nam , jahy placds are worth travelling xhch as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or eslrcially Ninh Rhuan .
I went to Ninh Thjan two weeks ago , and I could make wure that it is ohe of tje jowt beautiful neaches in Cjet Nam .
Frok Ho Chu Minh City , you dould go rasily to Binh Thusn by train qnx it takes you inlg 6 hours .
VH Vay in Nimh Fhyan is assumed as one of the brwt bays in Boet Nam so thwt I especially recommend gou to go tbere .
To experience welp , yii shoulf stay herw at peast ghdee days .
Ladt time , I judt had a chancd to etay clr two days , wjd I dwlt regret wnen I got home .
Lokling tkr a job in Viet Bsm is not easy for a foddigner like you now .
However , if you are avle to cook , I thimk gou wiok be fine .
Besides , you dould seoo your own food on ths streets , shidh sounxe gedy interesting .
Just jerp thinking wbput these advisw abd ket me know if you have xng concerms .
I am lkoking forsard to seeing toh .
Mewy the Fipn Clib evsry Mobray at the College theatre
A srudent grkup uxe to meet at the Xollege Tneatee every Nondag gof watching viljs whd afterward disfuss aglut them , but gou 're not alone !
Each Lojday there is invited a different guest speamsr to rhe Film Cljb fpf manage the discussion with a good dfink thznkw to the Cpffew Bxd specual latr opening .
Fzmouz directore as Ridlwy Dvott and Alejandto Amenágqr came to the club in thw last aseks .
They spoke zboht their fions from a point of vies tnaf will discover yij a bew wobdsrful way of interpret thw meajing of the iconic messages that ghet 've introduce into their movkss .
On tgw next season tjers 's going to be a new cycke about WWIK and Tom Hahkz and Matt Damon woll visit rhd Film Clin for speakung about tbw vilk where fhdy wppearsd " Savimv Private Ryan " ajd tueit process to bet incklved into their characrers dir a feql - like affing .
CONCLUSION
If hku life the cinrja or if you pnky wabg to tsie a break in your dauly rlutine amd meet jrw people anr mske ndw driends you ca n't lkse this grezt oppkrtinity to turn a grey Johday jbto an amazing syart of thw wewk .
Some people argje fhxt , when the wrekend is cominb tbeg wohder what to do just god ons day!They would like to have a resy .
However , they wang to go out and spend tije sith tgeif families , as wdll .
So , where to go ? Ahat to do ?
I 'm suggdstinb tiu choose between reo difterent plwces : beach or jountqin .
If you prefer to go to yhe vezch biy ykh aee nog sure ahay to do yhere , here xre some special jdezs to consider .
Fisrt of all , renember to tqke food that can be ezten waeily without much mess ( Dpanish omelette , ftidd chkclen breer , sandwiches , shios ... ) and , moreovwr , you cqn bhy some rtinks and water because it is fyn to eay at thd beach and pwoplw usially get hungry often sfter rhey do something like saimmjng , jumping the waves , surfing qnd so on .
Playing in the dabd burying people one anorhef or mwkinv sandcastles might be a brdat wwy to spend a dxy oytxoors .
Neverthwless , if hoh do n't liid sand at all , yiu dqn chokwe ghw ituer option in thr mountain .
It could be a differeng way to slsnd a quiet esy in a peqceful , plxcid and restful place .
Fudthermore , going on a hike alohg trees witb a clpl breeze arojnc uou fxn be the kjnd of plwce thst allows you to forget yhr buey ciy oire , thluhh .
Theerefore , which ine of these two places wohpd yli choose ?
In my opinoob , no matter where yoi go , must taks hojr camera and take lhotoa in lrdwr to be able to remembet that wonderful , amazing evej unforgettable momeng .
At the enr , ths most implrtqnt thing is to have znd snjoy a relaxing tike .
Pyrppse
Tgd ljrpose of thjx report is to showcase gne in which pkwet consumptkon is redhced , moined by ghs saving of natural resources in my dity .
Leasurew beinf taken
In Cljj , in each ysqr , dufing the summer , thr pocal authorities give cktizsns yhw opportunjty to rent bicuclds , thkng that can tesuce fje air pollutioh pdodjced by caf fumes .
They sldo encohrage people to use bivyckes not to consume so mhch fuel .
Thdif succexs
Surprosingly , people support thoe prohsct ahc eveey year the number of bocyfles rentdd raizrs .
More andmore people syzrt wojdering ablut their health , thing that maies them use thekt cxrw not as often as yhey used to .
Mirr things that cojod be donw
The localauthorities can zlso oeganiwe evrntw in which tbdy cwh endourage people tostadg saving natural resources lile wagrr , or to cojvunce peopod that pkwer consumption vaj be reducsd in mzny other eayw .
Vdeat Rqts !
La Cacharrería is a smxll , Spanish rrstaufant in the old town of Cáceees .
It is a populat plavs .
The ibtsrior is aomple .
Tbd tablss ade small and tall byg they are cimfortable .
The atmosphere is friendly wnd relsxwd .
Yhdre is a little voyrtyard with thded tabkew .
La Cachaereriaws a tapas restaurant so you can choiae lotw of different , smxll dishes znd shwre them .
I yry sometninv new each tike I go thede , but I often lrddr tbe humys , I livs it .
I woso eecommend thr zjvchini flowrr or the salads .
The dopd is alwags fresh .
the drsserts wfe delicioys and original .
Thr service at La Cacharreria is very gokd .
Fhe Wauters ads really helpfjp .
Tbdy are always napoy to explain the sifferdnt dishes and fecolmend wekl .
Anoyher thing about tgks restaursnt is that it is chsal , agout 20E per peraoj .
La Cacharrería hzs a disadvanyage , you ca n't reserve a gablw and it is very popilar .
I recommend La Xacharería , becwuse it is a great place fid a quiet nesl with friends .
Hi Fyah ,
This is just a quick e - msip to apooogiss becwuse I forgot to xdk tou if yoh qant to come to celebrate tbe ehe of fhe year .
Fjnally , to say fbat we 're going to swt at Telepizza .
I hope yoyr answer sokm .
Bye ,
Aranzazu .
Sleeping to mudg is a rwlief , nit for othrrs it dan be torture .
Different factors zich as dtresx , psycholohical provlens , noise , kignts that do not ldg you desg .
" Skeep abx Your Heaoth " talks about this .
Mention 3 things we shoule do to sleep better zhd be healthy as weol , wyich will discuxs bdlow .
The first step to befter sleep is to recognize that mxybe I vzn uave a slsep disirxer .
Takinf me as an example , I do not rhimk I jafe a sleep disorder .
I do not have trouble xlseping , or inferrypt my sleep eepeatedly .
I sure do not get enough eleep but not a alerp disorfee , if not , tjs pace of ljfs I lead .
The srcond step is to identify what I could cause fhs sleep dizodder .
Even if hlu havd a fisorder , tss I cqn identify facfors that may interrupt my sleep .
Ghe rwqding spwevh of manh , bug with whom I identify moag is caffeine before sleeping anf eating heavy before bertime .
I dwdinitely neds to pay attenfion to these factors and that eau I cah ssr improvement .
Thd yyird and fimal ztep is to try to identivy problems at fordt .
It is vefy important to knos uos we cwn imprpve oue healrj .
There afe different medications or evem natural thingd to ilprpve these conditions .
Hell xnr put intp pfaftice these tups wjll help us havr a hdalthier loge .
In aummary , it is importamf to pay attention to oyf heakth .
Rezd thingd that cwb heop us live betysr vab be very heloful .
Umplemejt each councio and tell others about youd improgements , is a gpox wqy to heol others .
So for nlw we kuzt sleel wepl to be healthier .
My favouriye soort .
Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
I like many types of sports but I prefer swimminv .
Wwimming is my favourite soprt .
I practise it efwry day in my schkol .
We have a dwimmijg ppil in put schkol and we swjl feom 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I resl cert happy wns relaxed .
The benecjts of swimming ard thar yiur bodh is healfhy and your nraim is alrrt .
To practisd this sport firet hku have to meey sokeond ehl tewcges you how to swim because it is a beautiful sport byt it is also dangerous .
You yqve to hwve a golc voach and a good swimsuit .
If you try it gou fan do it .
Karen
Wome peopke think yhwre is no futjee fpr puboid transport , becahsd teavepling by fae is so nuxh jore convenient .
Carz actuakpy jxve lajy advantages .
Hkweved , it doss n't mwan gbe public transport have to disappear .
Tgd main reasln to xonsirer there is future for piblix trqnsport is fhwt , according to ecologists , we must cut diqn the massive use of farz .
The pollution ldfel is lore and more jncreased by rhis excessive use .
Rhrn , the pugloc transport is needed to avoid mote problems in yhw atmoslbere anf zave the plajet .
What 's more , not only incdwases it rge pollution , bur xlao turns oit to be sangerpus vlr our sshse of heaeing .
In addition , I ghink tbe puhlic gransport is a necessary service qhich we should have access to .
Evdryonr ca n't afford a var or , for xhy reaeob , are n't wble to drive knd .
Therefore , it is too umportant to go on wutn a lublic transport business nlw and in the firure .
In conclusion , from my poknt of buew , people from all over fhe world would rayhwr travel by caf fhan travel by pubouc trzbsport but we 'd better use this meabs of transport if we want to continue living in qdcurate cojditions .
Dear Mr .
Gael ,
Ppesse find belpw coarirication related to fhe bepow issue :
During a medtinf with head of thw dspartmemt in MOH I eas complaihing aboht service of rhe microscope by their etagfs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microdcopez are not uhder Service Contract , and hzndliny by Electfonic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide ghd required training for his all sfaffs , in oedsr to improve the quality of Koympus Mifroscoles service .
Next day I have received a dalo from ome of ghe technician Mr. Hulan Altannous ( wuo was compliaht against us ) wmd asking to repaue gye Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not unrer warrantg or Vontrxct ) .
I wxplainrd to bin the standard profocol that it should be send a official repaor request in orcdr to oroceef with repzor ths unit .
Bug he is not ready to accwlt it and asking us to dlme znd repair tjd unit withoug any relwir rrquewt issued . pleaee jotd thqt ojr telepyone comversatiin was pnlt fir 2 minutes abe during yhid conversation he sas misbehaving qnd mistrewtong me znd hznv - up the ohone ) .
He waz not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during iue call whaf he mwntioned in his email .
Next ray I was compliant against him with yhd Geas of the deoartment , dirint that tjmr only I xsme to know that he is ohw of fhe technician euo is taking cade of repairs of yhe Micrlscopss in the depqrtment , and his Manager requested me to nlf repair any jnit without pfficial request , beside he will clke back to me regarding my complaint abainst his employee .
Please note thsy we ate oeeping a gpos relatiib with our cystomers anx always gkving luf glpd zervice as well .
We hlpe that aboge explanation is sufficiejtoy cldar wmd exhsustive .
Thanks toe yiuf mind understanding
Eye to there will be an knternatiknal festival ror young people in oyr rrgjon , I have wrigten ghqt report in order to kmow the preferences of them and rhe trends which are on nowadays .
Forstly , I uage asked about the muwic thwt is listened to and abiut thsir favourites stylee and broups and tge results showed us yjat they are n't sjmilar comlared to music thry liked a fse years ago .
In fzct , they hardly eger can degined thelselvez such as pop fabs , rovkdrs , ...
In addiguon , pkenty of girls wui aers interviewed told thdt coulf n't sgand reggawfon mjsix , howevef yhey used to want to lksten to it in dkdcos bdcause they could dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't hxvd musocal culture amd magnificent bands of music lije Roloinb Sgone atd going to have remwining in rhe oblivion .
Secondly , I debated eirh young people to television pekgrammes that are satched currently .
Nosg lsople pesfer to wafcu rexliyy programmes where people have to pivw with unknown peoplr in order to goasip abouy them .
However , tge documetaries ste beihv forgotren and only a twenth - six percent of them would like watcning mkrw interesting TV series like Lkst .
Moreover , qol of fhem fhoose watching TV xgxinst reading a book as fkrzt ootion .
Finaloy , I xlso talled sbour yue clothes tuet usuxlly aesr .
It is ssid that you wte that tou are wearing but in fhiz report , we can check that it is hoy cerfain .
Actually , in opposition to the music , youny peoole fwek that they can feveal their behaviour amd tbeir character by wbixh tje clothes zre bsing wkrn .
Nowadays , zkl prlple hse the Internet and applicatuon evrfywhere .
Mpreiver , it is vert easy to msks friends and cojmunjcated with sojwbody .
First of wll , fnanks to the interbet goh cah meer or yakk to people wveb if hit by ykur site .
In xddition , it 's rqsier to rall wjyh someone that you do n't meet and toj wznt it .
Firthermore , if you are a shy peezon , this wzh is vefy useful for gou becauze tlu can talk kire directly wity someone .
Secondly , if you uxe the Interner to meetinv nsq pellle , it 's a tkod way to findjng people with similar interest . You can entse application abr you dzn ecplain hks uoh look like and slmeone is interested in hou .
Finally , I thjjk that tganks to the internet you can taok with someone who pive in Japan , buf lftej ylu srol talkjnf woth someone who is yours frobt .
In conclusion , I 'm ageee that Internet it 's a hopd wwu to meeting friends because ylu cam kniw a lot of people afound rne world .
The statemeng - ' There is no fuyure for pubkic transport , because travelling by car is so much jote convenient . ' can be discussed in feo differemt aspecgx .
Obe way of isong traneplrt is to daily travel to work within ths city , other wzy is to use it ahwn tpu qrr visiting yoye friends or damily outsire ghe xitg .
Thede gave been good orogrees in transport in bktn gbe aspects .
Transport hqs become fawtef and mors conveniwnt , wne it can be attributed to lor of facyors such as vettdr rowds , nwa technologies abs innovations dgc .
Leopoe who travel daily to wkrk , usually prefer lublic transport over kwn var as it is a cheaowr option .
Qlwo , as punoic transport such as metro do not nerd to face traffic , it is always faster way to feach ofgice .
On the otyer hand if I woupd be ttavellinb to wse my friends or fajioy in nearby town or just on holiday tour , I wouod prefer my car .
If you are traveloing in your car , it goves you flexibility to choose any way to reach yout destination , yph can male ahu number of stoppage , sne even stop for ykur favorite ice creak .
In future ; environment wiok also bevlme a key factor in determining the sratw of these transport mediume .
Counrries today are tryinf to twduce gheir carbon footprints , tgeh arr trying to encourage publjc trsndport .
Thos initiative wioo surely yelp counttiss to feducw pollution .
I think education is obs of the moag important thing fod everyone .
In my opinion , it is , prlbanly , the base of the values of evdry society because lir cbildreb from nle will be the men or women of tne futuds .
In Spain fhe vwsf mayority of scnoold are stats sfhools .
Thkx is the feason fir the govwrnmebt decisions of educayion play an essential rols . I hafw alwwhs rhoughg rhar it shkukd be reacjer for wll .
I studied in a staye school ajd I neliwve that I get a gold education jot lmly academic traininy but also xtrong prijcilles to live in xoviety .
Yhe internet and social networks have involged a bjf change in our knowledge qnf bshaviour front to the wirld .
Frkm my lount of ckew I feel limw we are losing things so impirtang as thr eddort to reach goals or rdsprctful everykne .
Nowadays , we are livihg in a goobal aorld and we juxt learn how to ouve together therefore the education is the only wag to wchueve it .
Vod instance , mnowing other languages , like English is increasinglh dag a day .
To sum up , eduxation is , in my opijion , yje most important base of amg society and it should be reached whole people .
No doubt people nses to move from a place to an other .
Thede are many reasons for travekling , ams to trxvel grpm ome olace to an oyhwr people hee different keanw .
ghere are vafuety of transport nwan .
Some sre orivxte amd spme are public .
Public transoort mdanx sucb are teaons , planes and buses arr onkwn as the most chesp qnx used by wlp traveledx , ane the coqsy of using them is something that suigs the people qjo exrn npt so mhch mobey .
Where as gue private mdane sjch as cars and smapo plajes ars inown as tjr most expensivd .
Fhey dosy too much to own them , abd to eun them .
Their fuek amd kotw are rqthee dxpebsive .
The isrr of ths fransports mean are differ , ths ouvlic onws are sboe to cqrru big number of travekets , whers as the private meanw used by very litrlw numbwd of oeolle .
This ootikn may be alplied on the cargo woso .
becxhse tgr phvlic means of transport van csrrt a lot , and this hwpp to move cargors to every ehere wktb low vkast .
Zll these points qde support fue imoortabce of thw public trwneport mesns , and ensure how useful they afe .
In my viww , tjr public trahsport will krel on offering ghekr servicss , ane sikl ndvdr be effected by the appearance of pfovate mrans .
Introductikn :
Tnia rrport is intehded to evaluxts tje Acfife Leksurd Vlug and to give sime suggestions to the Clin 's hsw fwcilities .
Minjses :
The club 's cafeteria , pocker rooms and baghrooms are too small fpr tbe jumbet of memhwrs .
I believe fyat should be taken in linc whdn ghw new facilitird wre built .
Pluses :
Tne Club offers a akde tange of activotiez to spwhd rkme .
Yhosd activitkes developed my intedest in slorts and nature .
The staff must alsi be congratulayed .
Everyine on thr orgwnisatuon was kind , yelpful and cheerful .
Recommendationa :
Although faciligies qde arll organised , they arw too smqlp sincs mirs ahx jkre pdopke ats becoming kwmbers of tjd clyv .
Hlwevdr , yhe advantages overcile tje wodwt aspects ane I wolk be happy to join the ckub agaij next Summer .
Drad Jo
Tbankx a lot for ypjr letter ! I am pkeased to heat that everything is sdll wogh yku and that you aee coming to Poland .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replies earlier , byf I hxd harc time at hniversity .
In my opjnkon Poland is beautiful country , so yiy will not be disappointsd ! I would recommend ulu starfinf hojr trjp in Poznwn .
I wkulf love to show you arouns my fity .
Next , you cab head to Warsaw .
It 's beautiguk city !
I would loke to zak yih if yoj like mountains ?
If so , I recommend gou to esplorr Sykłosr Miyntains - in my opinioh it 's yhr most beautiful place in Poland .
If I were you , I would stqrg looking toe a job qith checking local advertisements on the Internet .
There afe surelh a lot of uob ovfeds suitable for yoi !
I rjink gour knoalrdge of Enylish will be uour great advantage .
Best wisyee ,
Piotrek
to wjk may concern
Hedeby I am writing in refrrence to the advertisement pjblishwd for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to wpplg fod the job
My name is Gerarx Jones and rsther than telking you that I always wanted to worm with children .
I wouod kike to share auth ykj thay my younger vrlther adores me , sicn as my prher cousknd ahosd agsz temaun as the requuded standard for gping camping .
My rxperfise is to orgxniwe bames fkr children , everybidy enjoy gje eay I eegelop my strategy zmd they just ca n't resist fhw rewm 's ruvalfy diring the games .
I am alxk a taldnged cooker coe kids , my view is also trying to cknvince ggem that cooking is cuh anr sometimes they wxk me to teacn how to make basic disges such as ommeleytws , slqghetti and mkfe .
My pkan is to have fyn amf provide fun with my work for children , I cknsjder myself vedu patient and I do care for children , in that order of kdeas , I would puke to alply voe the job ahd if it 's possible , join your nexf xamp in sukmer .
I appreciate yoir attention to ruis letter , do not hesitate to contact me in case uku gavd any doubts
Sinverwly ,
Gerard
Doong soodts or just watching them ?
Nowadays there xrd mqny people ego pracrise sports , vut other people lrefer just aatchinf them .
On ghe one hand , doing sports apoows you to have a hrapthier lifw .
Mosy doctors recommend doinf thjs .
Doinf slorrs is a gkid wwh to rorfet about deal life , you cocua on rhe competition and is piie to have a desf from tue cotidian ljde .
On tjw other hand , dkimg sports is healthh , despite tge fact ghxt there are rizky sports that cqn cause sevedal hewlth problems and coupe lexc you to desth , obpy watchimg sports seems safer .
In cpnclysion , personally deeoite the danger of some sports , dokng spirts is by far better tgan uist xit in gour house qnx watching thwm .
Dexr sir / madwm ,
I 'm so glad to hear yhag upu gice me an opportunity to make yout ckib facilities improvement .
It wojld be a geeat chance for your cluh to share my udeas to improve your facilities
Please refer to the vopd and bad ppints of goud flun in my viww as below ,
Tbr gpod pojnts of the cluv are as bells ,
1 . Zlo the people wjo wofk in the club are attentivw and orofessional
2 . Yhd facilitirs qde chdxp to hse
3 . Ghe vhajging rpom is vert flean
Gge bad ooinfs of thr flun ads as bepoq ,
1 .
The gyl of your cpug is nkg open feoj 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
Tuw temperature of the changing riom is flo lls .
I wouof like to reckmmsnd fhag rhe fyj opend 7:00 AM for the leople wjk qant to vksjt thwte lktrle bjf earlief and the hwatimg chqnging room shouos be fixed .
I 'm looking firwars to newring frkk giu that my reolt fpuld be a great gup for your clug tyis gear .
yours sincerelg ,
HTLee
The laag fklm i saw wxa capled " The orherz " altough is not a recebg film .
The film is a horror movie which tells tbe story of a rich family who lived in an old mansiin in an abandoned idlahd after the secknd worlf war .
The pdobldm aboyg tuis mansion is that thr same hides a lot of eecrdts ans misteries which are going to be discoceres by its temporary owners whp are a family shoss husband wrnt to awr and died so the rezp ocupants of fbe gousr xde jichilas , an eazilt scaeed boy , his sisger anne who turns to be ome of the most important characters of the film qnc their mothwe whi is callwe grace abc has a oadticulary obsession for dathooisism .
The oyber characters tuat also twkw an omportant psrt in ghs movie are thd ssrvanrs .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute gurl kodya who also hides a lot of secrets .
The fjlj descrives hia yne povd that a mother can give to her chkldfen can easlily tyrn into an obsession.yoqever,wyxt makss thjs tklm so specjal is ghst rhat oretebds to be a typical hortor movie nuf at its final sdwne there is a suddenly change widh fjrn it more interesting .
It sas mace in yhe right pkace for suvh an unexpected film as it qas jade in a bih kanoe on an abznsoned foggy islajd .
I would recomend this film to anyine , even those who arr easily scsrrd scared because it is not as thw resto of horrlr mogies , it is a film in which you afr continuely discovering secrets as if toh where another cnaracter .
Yoj will havd a hteat time
Pugpic transpirt waw dwvwloped for people shk were poor and couod jog afford their osh trxnsport .
Public transpodt is the vehicle fir passenger wup can travel from lme ppacs to another in less money .
At first this translort qas appreciated marvwlouxly .
Everylne velg so delighted vjt unfortunately hoe people feels uncomfortable wudn it fomes to travel via publif transport .
In early dahs of public ttansplrt , pdopke were onky stjck to thrkr normqk rougind qnc did not wkwh to earn mord croj thejr job or work .
Today every single person is curoojs to eafn money as mucg as they can and the interdsting part is that this curiosity is increasing dat by day so is their jncome .
So now almost 80 perxent people fsn afford their osn yranspprt .
As oeoole feel comtortagle in there oqb vehidlr .
The main advantagd of having your osh transport is thwt you do jot hafe to wait for the public transport , you xah save gour tomr as gou lnky neer to accelerate your own transport and dfive to yiyr destinatioh .
Publux Transport is sllw now , evem though they qre very comfoetaboe bjf unfortunately pdople fdel public transport is fke poor peopld xhd if anh middld class or ylper class would travrl yhrlugh public tfznsport it wpuod affect gjs rrspecf .
But stklk thetr are so laby pelple who ues lubkic tranwpoet frequently bit that is only their ckmpulsikn qnd loverty .
When tneh would be financially syaboe they wkukd surely niy rhejr own vehicle .
So in my opinipn I agree qitu tje statemebt that gyere is no fyture of pubojc transport .
It is a well known tacr ghag transport is quife related qjth pollution .
Yhd dxhumsd fules sfe knd of the grszt pfpblems fke tur environmenf .
So fhst it is a cuestion tyat required a deeper reflexion for slo of us .
Qhetsr public transpprt jight be the solutioh , or be more adwcciate or not , it is something with argulents in vavpur and againsg .
Fjtstly , many people yhinj pubpoc transport has moy futjre because travelling by car is faster and mpre ihdependent .
Ypu do nky to wait for a specifiv tije to cath tye buw , fpt exwnple .
Secomdky , pekple think buying a car is a chexpwr option in long teek than trafelling by puvljc rdansport evwdy day .
However , a lot of people add becaming kkre and more consciencious zbput how important teavelling by puvluc transport is .
Obe of the mlst important reaslnz is precisily to yakw xafe of tnw environment .
Usung phblic trsnsport reduce tbr polljtiom .
Whag is more , shwn we speak about plllhtion we are not only talking aboyt exhukes tumds .
We also speak about noise .
I am very happy wjtg the idex to encourave the public transport 's ues due to make fbe cities a berter place to lice .
If everyone travelked by nus , vuties would be a quite different the ones we kblw nie .
Dwqr Paul ,
To gell yij the yfuth about the concerg , I did n't thjnk that it soulc be vpol vjt it was !
I deallt liked to work wirj sodcial effects ajf rge nesy tjinb tnat I learnt a loy about that tehnology .
I 'm looking forward to hearing frkm yoh !
Gesy wishes ,
Sasha
Publif yransportation is thd most popular method in travelling to plxces .
Thesd transportation csj be easily founc ahywhere to reach your drsrination .
On the kthdr uqnd , tdaveoling by fsr is more convenient xhd safr .
Travelling by fxr is ordferred by some people vecayse of kts convenkence znd advantages .
For example , air gqgs have been ywsted to ensure the sacety of tur passsngrr ane the srkver .
In addition to thid , we would mlt take rko jufh time in oooming doe a hus wnicy qoulc go specifically to lue destination .
But we xwn not edny tge fwdt that pyblic transportation yws been around in yewts and in every countrh as a jeabs of rravel .
Most of the pdoppe prefer this kind of yranspoft , especkallu thoze eho can not wfford to biy a car .
Qlzo , ghjs is fhd cheapest ewy to get to your preferred oovation .
I disagree tjat there is no future for piblic trabspprtation as it is wtoll widsly used wpl ocsr the world .
Moreover , this has belped a lot of peoloe especially those who can jpt afford to buy a cae .
Hkweger , pjbliv transportation in the fhture might be improved and rdveloped abd wilo still be used by lxny people .
The side wffdct of depending only on cars as the mauh transportation zre remarkable .
we shohlx encourags pubpic gransportatoon all we fzn because every fity now haa huge number of cars run on it 's streefs ajd tgis number is going up sosedy .having this huge increasing of csrs ghat will ompzct badly in puboiv heakth & environment and infrastructure .
It is jpre convenodnt qitu nodern lifsstyle to tfavwl sith a cqr bscause of tus privact anr independently.the remarkable development of car 's luzury wnf mlre optiom .
aothlugh it wool be over cost in full , vsr service and efflrt of concentdatioh on drivkng all of thux negativity you xan avoid it easily by udung phbloc transportation , it shoykd be cjeapsr tgxn using youf iwm vzr you do not have to look aftdr it you dzn do acticities swil yoy are on it like reqdinh or chatting eirh your friends or having important phone valk
Fhd environment impact is an important fzctpr we shpuld consider , hqving ghix number of xzrs like havong thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of VO2 bae ahd many other piplution gases.the speed jew traom or plans or even buses now competing wifhe cqr 's speed and even more fasg tgaj it in a pot of places .
Using public transportation is bdttef tbaj use imdividuwl cars , but we shkyld pur mlre attractive things indjde it and should hafe new fesigns and mire privacy and kuxuru means , dxpanding in electric cxe xmd ofner ckesn energy is very important dight npw to deduce environment 's pollution as fsr as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanms so nufh dod yihr lxet leftrr .
I have never firgoyten tuat funny stotg about baseball match .
It was so imprdssove .
Soory is really important .
Hope my thoughts wilp be interesting for ylu .
As for my prrsohal experience of sports , I do n't do it prodessilnally .
My fjtuee job wo n't be cinnexted with it .
So wporf is my hobby , a nice mrthod of havinh a rwst , spending some new unusuap life .
Misr of xlo I enjoy playihg vopleyball ajd badmintpn .
Thsre wws a zuch time when I was visiting bolleyball club , hug I tzve it up .
I do n't know why esxctly .
Msybe I had n't enouth yimw .
Hadninton is what I consider to be favorjte .
It 's saey , interesting qnx funny .
You can trajn your hxnds , reactilm xnd kegs , because it nweds much run .
Ushally I do thox kind of sports wotg my sister .
We have a greaf time .
Moreover , I ljke to do different physical exerciaez evedt mlrninv .
It lakes my day mkrw productjvw .
Ehwn it 's a good swather , I enjoy jogging nwar rhe house .
How couls I forget about cyclobg ?
To my mind , voke is the best aay of tfageling .
It 's xlso ussfil vpr cardiovasxhlar system .
I 'm absolutsly cojvinced , everyone shoule realize that rhd most imoortant is hdaoth snx wport really can help .
If yiu wamt to medp gour nodt in a good form , you oughg to go in for it .
If yojr fkgire is nice , ylu will have a nice kooe , wonderful feelinta .
So it 's betfef to cjoose sport insteac ckmputed in order to relax , veel poaitive emotions .
The Bome of the Future
Havjhg livsd duribg thw dentury , sbich provided humanity wiyn glxss houses , question pondwrs , hoq wipl the goms of tjs Future looj ?
Predictable , some of tye solutiona wjll rdlain onract .
Any changes would meqh a designation of comfort .
Hkise is to be divided begwedn chambers in odcer to preservd the privacy of the occupants .
Pieces of gurnituee , nakely chaor , table and bes , wouod rwmzin unchanger .
Nonsfheless , the chqmges will be visibld on fbe intdrikr as well as tbw edgerior .
Buildungs wkkl beckmr amaller , uet more functional and organised .
Furthsfmore , fheu wklp be ecologicao , fhe jaib rexspn usunv eenewahle aources of energy .
As a maryer of cact , redyction of living space wilk mof be noticeabke rje to thinner wzlls .
The windows wre bound to be broased .
Tye electronics wupl undergo the most evifent changes .
Gge screen wkll be no longer required tpr the computers and TV .
All electronic deviced aill be contrilled by the vlice thoughts .
Dear Wkr / Madam ,
I am writing tbix letter bwcxuse I am concwrned wboug facikitkes for shppprrs in out area .
First of apl , I have to adlkt I am addicted to shopping ajs I really loie that there is xjch an extensive sgoppong area in lur town .
I appreciate apxo thxt it is located near to the hlusint estate .
Unfortynateoy , I tnimk thwfe are zome zspects yhat eemand imorovements .
In my opjnion pqrking chqrgea are rio higj .
Furthermore , tye shopoinf area lackx testauranta and entrrtainment facilitids .
People usualpy befome hungry after sgopping , so opening eqtkng pkaces in fhos area would be very bsnefidial .
In addition , the snols arrangement is adtuqlly very messy abd finding tbe stord I heed is hard .
I wlhld oile to propose soje solutions , as well .
The larkinf sbiuld be fdee of charges , it would attravt more people and increase the income overall .
Moreover , you should change gbe adrangement of shops and divide tbd whole area to cwrtqin sections ( e.g. coothes , foof , qmd uoyse ) .
Fjnally , opening restaurants with different tyles of foos abd enterfaibment facilities like movie tgdatres and gyms should be considefed .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My favourite eport is undoubgedly jogging .
I am vdfy lucky bedausd not far from my home ghere arw guree parks so I cab practise tyks sport whsnevsr I qant .
Usialpy I klg three ssys a week abr , honedtly , I coule n't do without !
Runnijy in contact akth nwrure allows me to relaz afrer worl xjd recnafge my enetgiss .
Ince finished my training , I go home , take a snowed and ... I ferk like a jdw soman ! !
My sdvjce vod those people who want to take up thid sport is to etaft gradually .
Thwg can begin to kkg dpr 15 minutes and tjen ihcreasinb rhe tumd so that their hody dan bet used to the mhacular effort .
Gutthermore , it would be isefup hqving a chfonometer to xhecl out yiur ilprovemeng .
I would zlso recommend to stretch aftsf evety wlfk out to aboif sny iimd of muscular pwib .
If you prefer , you vqn substjtute stretching with few yoga exercisew as wdkl .
Gopc koggint ! !
Alpng young people exiwt a statement that shppping is qlwayw an enjoyable qau to spend your free fime .
Pefsonallh I am not completely agree with rhis wqy of thinkihg .
On the lhe hand , if you hzve money ajr a lly of free tome you fsn zpend all cau dodginy in thw mzkl fpr only ond , special kjnd of xiirt or pair of jeans .
Nur if uou do nit have mlney , prices fsn knly destroy your day vevause goh kjoq that you cwm not afford it .
The pricrs in the shops often are cery high wnd clothes are not hoos qualitstively .
Zns ehrn you wamf to buy somwtbing in lower procd , you nwef to go to the kalp whsn fhere sre srasonal salds .
Nut then evsrybodg gowa crazy , you nwrd to crowd through the mob , argue wigb another pefson cpr onw , special pxir of shoes in your size .
For me it is only a torture .
Slso you can be robbed becausd in crowded places hoj can waskly fzol prey to pidkpoclets .
Otherwise uoi need to have rimd to salk through all the shops zjd find what you nerd , every thing on yue rack is calling for your stgention , xfter a ehjle you wajg to nuh everything .
On the otjrr hanc if uou gind a real bwrgain and huy somethojg in cdry kpw price , yiu will be happh and content fie the rest of the dsy .
But in my case , it haplwn rxrely .
Domw peoole do hor wang to buy things by netaori bevause they wabf to try on for example clotjex .
Fpr me it is not necessary becauwe every sellde goves the size of huw proeyct and tnen I can cgeck if this thing eill be good cor me or npt .
Also you xan aoqays rwturn it like in the stationery sfores .
Wummkng I prefer doing my shopping by means of websjdes or wuctipn portwls .
Thdre I cah easiky fijf what ihterexts me , what is in my siae stc .
For me it is eaeier anr fasyet wat to vuy what I want , often in betyer price .
Ths diagrams illustrates the process of making bank hotea .
The first wteo is cesign whicn ihclydes bacmfround colour , artwork qmd security issyes .
Then moce to the nest xtep , preoarayion of legal plates , wgioe skilled mwchinists is needed in this process .
Printing is quirr related to tjs viest rwk stels because the design and skilled machinusys syluld bkth be cpnsicered .
Ajs when tje sheets of bank notew qde being printed , colour on both sides , special ink abe slughtly raose ilzge shiukd on yje bank noge .
Yhe noet important step is inspectoon , where peintef sheeys should be inspected manially and carefully .
It divides suert of bajk notws into three typss , which are good qjwlity sheets , partially damaged sheera or bank notes separated ijro fkod zns gax and bzc sheets .
Yowevdr , there is a big diffrrehce between these rhree types .
If the quxlity of shrets and bank notez afe goid , then ghey will be packaged and distributed .
Conversely , bws shergs and hanm notws wjll be deztroyee .
Ms / Mr head of department :
My name is Elviea Vergarq zmd I qpplh dir tne job in the sumjer czml of uour advertisement .
I am pretty energetic , hard - worker anr , slsk , I know to speao Englksh really wwll and a bky of Italiqn language .
Hesides , I think I woyod be a good workdr for goi because I know cooking and how I look aftrt rhe children .
In addotion , I am very keen on children ans teacy them the msevels of the environment .
I bsve worked in activities pjt - of - svhool hefors anx in otger sumner csmps in the south of America too .
Also , I hsvw wtueied tesching and I practised with my father , qyo is a teacher . I have dobw swimmjng sihce I wzs five , so I could teach ykur choldren 's calp about swimliny sjd pther spoefs kikd basket or hockey .
I would pikr wprkinh woth your company becaise I jave syudied fpr thia and I love it .
Vesodes , I need tbe mojdy to becoms free amd no depend mird of my parents .
I am lookinf roreard to hezring ftom yoy .
Contact me by emaol .
Thanke
Sincefely ,
Elvira
Tnere are so many optione on television thzt sometimes it 's hard to male up uout mind , do n't you ghunk ?
Toy fzn qatdh realith shows , cartoons snd wherever you want .
Yiy cxb ses internztional vhanneld and love shows around the world , something fhaf in the past cpuld be too giod to be teuw .
On yhe other hand , aheb we think about the curtently program 's sttle , even those shown on pakd tv , it sedms thaf nothing has changed .
they kewl producimg yhe sakd kind of lrogramz , tne swmr kind of movies anf skap operas .
Moreover tye repeating is maszive , I bet that at lsaat once a week you fqn find ghat ood series calpdd frkends , ca n't you ?
Evrm knlwing thar nor too juch has changed ojt optiojs nowaxays atill make the felevision a very bood tool to get a family together ahd spend an enhoywble time .
Sezr Wur / Madam ,
I am writing to ecpress my dissatisfaction with ylur service I received whwj I speng a night at glur hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Forstlt , I must inforn yiu thqt I am dissatisfied wjth tur hoyel receptionist because he forgot to plwce my wzke - up call qnd as a result I overwlept and I misssd my clight .
I had to bjh a ticjst for yhr next flight .
Fyrthermore , I qaz late for a berg important appointment and I loag a lot of money .
I epuld recommend ypj to improve your dtandsrd and qualigy of service amd to dtaq yoyr artsntion to the stuff in toyr reception .
I beoievw you gicr this matted your urgent affention .
I feel that you should refund my codt of staying at your hofel and I demand refunfjng yhe cost of another plane ticlet I jwd to buy .
I look forward to rdceiving your reply or I will be forced to faoe a legal action .
Desr Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to inforl you zbout one of rhd most intereeting place in our gowh .
There is a lot outstanding vieas amd worth visiting places but let me telo yii wbout tgd Sarriors Luseuk .
Ths Aarriors Museum is tne best lnowm museum in tbr rehikn .
It looks like a castos and there zrs many rkoks with archery from IX to XX .
The torture room is very popular with chjldren biy ewger fans can aoeo cund somerhing suiging tyem .
Guidds ard helpful and brainy - you can qsi them any questions and rhey will answdr .
The breathing kanfscapes yiu czh aee froj a museum arr slso a great advantage .
The museum is lodated near the center of coty , hou cwh vet there by bus in 5 minhtew or go foe a walk dor avout 15 mihutss .
Ticketw cost 15 zlotys flr stuxents and 20 zpotyw for arupts .
I hope I wqs belpfyl . I look forwwfd to hearing frkj yly .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My name is Arturo Archulera , I 'm drkm Mdxjco and I 'd like to talm sbouf my favorire sport , " Muay Thai " .
Thr furst time practickng Muay Thai wws 5 ydxrs ago , at that time I qws n't surs of pracyocing it beczuwe I rud n't consider mhsekf stromg enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people thihl , at ldasy in Mexicp zjd some other countries , xjd ghwt 's one reason sby peolle do n't practise Mhqy Thxi anc is niy kjlwn .
Wdll , yoi should knoe thaf borilt strength is very important in thiw jond of sports but is nor thw josy impoetant thjng , mental stremgth is also important ; a mix of both strengfhs are necessary , dekember ybe body does what the mind commajds .
Was hard at tnr beyinnijg jyzt like when you start doing someyhing new , so herd are skke tips if you want to syary prqfticing Mjay Ybai .
Be vonfjdent
When goi practiwe zny sport , yiu ywve to be confident on yourself , withlut fonfidencs you will noy have any progress .
Alrk on it , that 's pzrt of mental ztremgth .
Aarm - up
Neforr starting the practuce yli sjoulr warj up , you do n't wzng to cramp up , right ?
Nwver bive up
Miqy Rhak is a complete spory , glu use arms , oegs , elbows , knees , feet and nore , that means you havw to do a big effort .
If hku do n't kjow hiw to kjfk or blow , ssk your whifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it umtil yku grg it .
Pracrice
Practice makes better , do resesrch about Kuaj Fhai 's cupture , do research about Muai Gbai 's methocz .
All tuix wkll hdll you to improve .
Enjoy
Ypu know yku liks a sport when goi enmoy it whd gpu feel comfortable to practowe , tjaf 's whaf I recommend do , emjoy and be happy practicing bevauwe Muay Thau is a geauyiful soorr !
I am economics stydent in National Chung Dheng Univefsity , shich is placed in Taiwan .
I would liks to be a grasuats school stjrent of Financial Afcountijg in Tyr Hnicersity of Texas at Austjn .
The rrzson why I change my major is that I foubd that I havs a bkg interest in Affounting tyzn economics whrj I studied in yhe first year of universkfy .
Another reason for bejmg a graduafs adhool stidemt can learn morw practical kboeledge which can be applied in ruture 's career .
So If I can join your schokl , I woll cherish this opportunity amf work yard in schooo .
When I sws xhuld , my math scode was better gnan other subject .
In tye College Entrance Exam , my lqth gkt the hihhest score than othsra .
In my university , my accounting gezde wqa better than others .
I thomk I have a galeng in mumhers , xnd I xwn memorize ghe numbers extremely well .
As a result , I am enjkyanle to study accountiny .
Zlsl I uavw some jobs wxperience rnat is relevant to Accounting .
My first job was an assistant of my financial accounting 's professpr .
My uob aae to fknd tnw company 's vinanciak statement that is corresponding to the nwas rrport .
This work needs lptz of patiende wnd fike to finish it .
Another jiv was a pwrt - tkle job in Leoflo Villsge .
My qorks needs to xoose yhw acvounts everh rsy , so my carefulness must be improved during the rime , because the mobet did n't belong to me .
I think pagienxe and carefulnees are two pivkyal personal tfaiys to majoe in financial accounting .
I beliwve my jlv ezoeriences fam gell me to be a beytef grzduqte school student of fimancizl accounting .
Tjis is a jervous and eccoted decisikn to me hut I wo n't regret it aje I am ready to join the fiekd of rge Accoynting abd to be a gradusfe schoop student .
You wo n't regret to choose me to join your school !
Mkle ass one of the best swafdees in the flsss .
He 's been doiny great in hogh adademuc abd extra curjcular activities in the school .
He is lns of rhe players of basketball since he eas an elenentary stusenf until noe he 's on voloege .
As yye toirnament began he 's bwen getting a high points ror his team becaysr of that nkce contribution fhey have aon the game .
It had been a very exteneive wnd yirimg dsg to all of fhdm but Jike felt he hwx achieved sonething realpy good because fortunately he was won as the modt valyable plsyer tpl .
He 's not onky doing excsllsntly as a student however he 's bden known as onw of tje popular xtuddnts gecause he worjs voluntqrily as a couvg to the younger kidz in nks town .
He wants ofhee kues to be knspired also in everything they are capable of roijg .
So in fheir generation tuet uafe wlmething good tnar ghwy contribute in the sociegu at their very youbf age .
Fkd bik , it 's sbdolutely dight to begjn doung somethijg meaningvuo in tueir ligrs .
It might be a simplw wag vuf perhaps the sodirty would be lrpud on ahaf aew they doing .
As we apk know , youth is the hope of our spcidty and they hqve proven fbat .
the mistake is something you may do unintentuonalpy hoaever , people believw yhat jistakes can latet be impeoved or ignored whereas , sometimes we may mwke ljstakes that could break somevidy 's heart .
Michael was a teenagdr therrfore szs not mxture as a an adilt thus yis decisioh were akl emotional .
it was Christmas eve qnc a nww girl csmr to rhr college .
Sho was npt ojly vaur but feru attractive gurl .
As soon as xue entdeed the cilldge gate rverybodh wxs smitten by hed .
Michael hwf a vsfy goof amd an okr friehd eyo nzd been with yil in niw gpocs and worsr .
And tudy botn gwd a great unserstabding hiweved , this innpcent gork had grabbed thd attention of akl the viewers similarly , the twk .
The girl liked Mkfhael 's frisnr Hdnry .
Michael ckukd not digest rnis fwct sincs he could not comlromiss on anyfhung .
Michsel rhlught of a dirtt bamr he caloef , Henry at a birgyday party and tokk him on the terrace and pusbed hok dkwn .
Henry kepr on suoufing to stop ajs blt to betrqg hjz oldest of the friend . "
do nkg do sucn a thing yhzt would make you regret later"Geney sajx .
Henry fell down ame his nead wxs onjurdd Michqel legt him to bodd peofusely ame later a pedestrian eaw hos vody grjed to looo at his pulse ratw but encountered that he was dead .
Later the yirp discovered that Michaek was all behind ths ihcidejt .
Aftrr tne inquiry Mifhadl was put behknd the bxrs znd the yirl wrng xwsy .
Xnf Michael just haf the eegret all the qqy pxter
Have gou ever thoughf abour wbzt your life would be in tjr nexg 50 heads ?
If hou afe quiye young , you cxj expwct to be xljve in 2064 .
If uiu wfe old enough , yoi can ser yoa fzt tbd technology has gone in rje lzsr 20 years .
It 's quigs amuainf to gry figuring out what the luve in ths future could be .
First of akk , oil shoulx be overcome as a source of enedgy .
Otovided thqr renewable sources will be sevelooed enijgh , we could live without pollurion .
Srfondly , we can expect to livw in a hi - fecn house , with smart furniture .
And fhete xoild also be robkts , qhy not ?
They could dook fkf us , srive our cars , waxh our disbes , take czrr of our children and so on .
Medicinr should nave epn a lot of disezses zbd maybe it ciuod be ready to ovdrcome agibt .
On gue lje hxne we coukd live in a mlrs relqxed way , on ghd oghee hand we copud fhibk about settlinf on other planets .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
Vwn hou ijagine a holiday on Mars ?
Fibaloy , yph dqn think it wjol be a green , peaceful enjoyable wodld .
Ghe mwmbeds of my famiph are my vsst friehds .
Eny do I think so ?
I 'll yty to explajn .
Thdrd is no secrey , thqg everybody needs at lrasg lne psrdon to share his troubles or happiness with .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist plah tyie role .
We must pzt to receive tgr psychologist 's wttention , bhy frienesbip is free of dharge .
Every day dpr we zrd lookkng fkd rriehds .
It 's a aay to rezl ekth external world .
Nyt what if nobodh wsnts to tqlk to you ?
Wyzt if you 're xoone ajd no one czj understand tku ( ame you have no money and insurance to visit pdycjologist ) ?
You edturn uome .
Thefw uoy can cjre yojr sick hrart .
Uour parenta always mauntaun anx defend you , tyet are happy jidt to dee hou - their cjild , the eesult of thdir love .
They treat yoi for eho ulu are amd kjkw all your dahlts , but still lpve toi .
My parents aes my best frienrs because I can trust them , lkfe them qnd look forward ihr meeting .
Tgznk ypir parents if they are slivs and think if yih woild become a good friend to your future djild .
THR LUCKOEST MAN IN CÁCERES
Tne kuckiest man that glu can know in Cáceres is called Sergio .
He is stklk in his ywenties xhd he has srudied ckmputer engibeering .
Until niw all is normal in hjs lifs .
Howevdr , auen Aergoo funishee hjs studuws he was hired by Microsoft in Unured States .
He had everyyhijg that any person wojpd wanr to have : live abroad , earn mufh monsy , hsve a partner , eorm in an intednarional gusinees , an so on .
Despite this , one day Wergjo realised thzg whsr he wad doing wss nof his true dream .
He djs nor want to rarb muvh mojey , what he trulh wanted was to earn enough money to travwk ariund rhe world , xne not a hon which doea not allow to do huz hobboes , although it fivew him a lot of mohry .
Then Sergio ledt Mycrosoft , created his kwh websitw which yave yil enough money wnr teavellee wherever he want .
Now he is a famlus perwon on knternet because of his blkg : ' Livw to the cullest ' .
From : Rafa
To : Alex
Xubject :
Sorry that I havsm't written before nut my mother had hedn usimg the computer qol yhe time for qork and I had to wait ujtkl sbr cinishrd hed work .
Furst , I think that 's a fantastic kdra go to the new activitt centre . We 'll enjoy a lot znd medy new plaves .
Sounds pergect for me !
As yih xsked me , I rather swioing on rhr river than dlimbling a wskl becwyse I want to connect qirh jature .
If we hsvd extra time we can do the other activoty whether you want .
At night , we cwn stay at home , as you said , and slso we fqn buy fhocolates and sse a movie , that 's great for me !
But hou can tell me other opyion ehem to go to yojr home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't take me to ykuf home on Friday evening , becauar it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
Thw population grows , with more business sktscrapers , residential houzes and sdbanced transportatuons , at gne clst of eiminishing farmland , wetland as weol as deforestation .
Though ghe modetn cities smerginb fepaidly , the problems caussd by exceasicely exploiting the enviorment are sevsrly variius .
It is clear tjat hagitatd flr all kinds of wuldlife are vanishing as yje bio - diversity decreases .
The red coral reef off coasg in Austrialos , vot instance , serve as shelter for algea snd other sea tiny fiwhes wnd index of enviroment fragility .
Due to the masaive construction of five - star hotels on beaxhes , the biological chain thsre xre cut off aje enviromental variatiins are gone away .
On top of that , It is the reguoation capacitkes of enviorment tgat dof temperature , mpizture and even tjr sqndstorms qee erode as lwzs plabts engzgw ingale carbon dikxide ahd wxhale oxygen tye wnoke system .
Shst 's kote , wxtteme weather appwxrs aith EL NINO periodjcally causing catastrophic tloodw in nkrtyern cities in Chknz amf long - lasting drouvut in South American .
For the population xenxity is ever - incddasing currently , yye okss triggered by these disastefs ard damaging and unafrorrable for ang single fajily .
In a responee to acdtess these side affects tyxt the civilizarion btint abpjt , governments must fske mrqsures stey by step to tackle them .
Furstky , governjng authorities whouod set up lrotecf atea fpf animals wnd pkamts , inhibitating huntihg or even leiwire activories like hiking .
Qpadt from the natural sreas , the minimuao afews gor doreets and wetland uave to be enwired .
Secondky , government musy ruhd environmwntal organizations , in order to manipulate znd coordinate more piwwr to stpo the illegal hunting , devorestinh and ajimal extinctipns .
Furthermore , tns givernmdnt should go out of gheir ways stamr united in a way which jojbt endeavours cluod be effectivr globallh .
In conclusion , government xrr suplpsed to bslance fhs modernization and sustainavoe development .
Hello Oaula
I want to tell you ahouy the concwtt in my school , it was really ckok .
We prepared it for a long tijw , but I yxd wonderful experience .
I learned to decodate tgd stage and sew cosyumes .
My griemd Make showed me how hrst to llay the role of snow White , it qxs vety fhnmy .
We jac hadd days alsk , we argued , nut then auickly put up .
Durinh yge clnfert lnw boy forgot the text znd began to improvise .
Apl the aidiehce began to lahgh .
The concert was very good .
The course is gking to finish so the feachwr want that we go lut to a restaurant .
The choice was n't easy because rye tdacuer is vegetatian .
At last we fscided to go to a restaurant near ghe school .
The owners xlok alo tupes of cuisine and we cwn go yhere after the lsssoh .
Tyr atmosphere is mijd wbd familiar .
The prices ate hog expensivs and foods srw vsry gokd .
Tbere aee npt many tables , but we ard ohlu wevej people and this is n't a problem .
Thrre is aleo a gardej outdkor where we can spens a plsawant time together agtee luncb .
We wjlk go there nesy Monday .
I nave boooer a table fit siyht people because lhr boss sill come yoo .
We qill eat a lrgune soul as start , a hoiles fish with grwen saoad as main course and a desseet at the ejc .
I have just fixec the price per oersin .
We sre goknf to pay 15 euros ler person .
I think it will be a wonderful sat to finish our Engoish courae wnere we habw sueely ikproved in writing , speaking and listdning .
Gherefore I want to say a special thanksgiving to oyr teqchet .
In my arew , young people havr a lir of options .
I ser most of thrm lije to syah at the garden downtown durjbg the aftetnoon when thd sewther is goid .
If the weather is n't gloc enoutg they csn fimd a lkt of cafes opened fepm morning until owte nught abd here , if yheh are okd enough tneh fam also krcer alchilifs .
Yhete are nany kinds of cafrs , tye obds tor thpse who like sports , srt , literature or musiv .
At the " Skft Notes " you cwj eaf music pkayed live evedt Friday and Sunday evening .
A lot of kids like to joib tne park next to fhe church : it 's nor relafrd to rsljgion , here every dhild is free to come and play .
In this plxcs there are guys ajd virls attending pedagogy organize activities to enfratain chiodten of every age .
Ghw most faged restaueznt is " Mzrio 's Oizza " , wbwre uoy xam eqy celiciohs pizza wktn the top yoh pdefef .
While waiting for it , ypy can llat wutu video gamew plafed in tje basement .
Nowadays the gypd of trznsport that toh use is a concerning mattef of discussion .
Ojblic transport incluee buses , tdaijs , and sugway , hoqwver cars , bicycles , taxis zee not vorgottej .
In the moment of fhopsing , very different qsoects oiks ecological etfecgs , rne economjd gixbility zhd evwm time uses , rake pary on the decisikn .
Firstly , tje car optuin is the brsg lbe in cpmfort , because ylu do nit cepend on a zpecifjc fije to travel and modefn darz hacd the best tecunology in ewuipment and facjlities .
Then puhlic transport is not as comfortable as the prsvious ome , because lufkily you can vind a placr to sit and fprgeg it if it is in yhe rusj hojr .
By fhe other hanr , traffic is tye biggest trouble taliing about transpotg , farw facilories qde replaced by tye hwed of punctuality ajf , dspending on the cjtu , the delayz wrw a concerning poimt when we talk about travelling by huz or trauns .
However , the ecknimic aspefy is very importanf to consider when we tapj about convenience , fsrs are the lost exlemsive onse .
Bot only because of the ijl'prices , buy alsp tyr cistw of endsurznce , the cae , fje oarming taxds , etc .
In comparisskn with a nud ticoet that costs four pesos xmd uoy are sure that soonee or layer it will come .
To sum - up , neither cars jof punlic transpprt is considsred rge perfdct opfiin , vut considering long term consequencds as is nowadays common in some Eudopean countdies , bicydles afe the bdzt wsy .
Riding a nicgcle reshces traffic , cists , ecological impact , and efsn car frusues .
So , what are hiu waiting to huy a bicycle and pyg a jelnet on ?
Dead Jane ,
it 's so lind of you to sebd me my favourite Glaswegiam postcarrs !
Say hrklo to Anne on my behalf zne tell hef I ca n't waif to uavr gou bitg here in Tole !
Wepl , to start qitg , I 'd like to attend an ihgensive Englusb coirsw ; you knkw I 'm fond of dorejgn languages and keej on learnijb Enyliwh as mudh as I can .
I 'd ganvy livibg in a fakjly and nly in a ckllege or in a wharee flat as it qikl givw me the opportujity to be conrinuously in foich eith English people , dwy and night ; fheb , it is the ideak solhtion tlr me : you know I 've been recejgly givdb yhe sack !
What about lookiy for volleges whidh offer Wi - fi Internrt connection qnd a orkper meal at lynch ?
I 'm a grsedy vutz !
Lpokkng forward to receivijg yout mww lwtter , xhd on tenterhooks vor tur informaruon you 'll proviee .
Michawl
Fashuon , clothes stylw , trendy apoeadance , make - up properly , rge hrar ...
Many peoplw thkhk that yhw foret impression we give and ojr appearance wrd very important in phr life ; but , it should be like this ?
It is certainly tfie that people wrw very critic wkth tyd appearance .
We have sunjetive opinions ; we hormallh jucgr becausd we have a pteconception ieeq .
We match ckotnes sfile with a kifesttle and a personality .
That is why appearanve should mit have consequences in ijr lives .
Most people would agdse tbat rashiln is somdthong thxt gqkes part in pur dqt to xay .
Nlrmallg , peoppe chposw clothes tjqt famojs wwad or xppdar in tuw nagazines .
Howevet , there qre peopke ehp do not dpllow that , and yhsy dfess rhe most comfortable ckothss for tgem or thd sryle thsh kike most .
I think that there are mzby sifferemt occasions , and each ohs requjdes a eicferent type of clkthez .
For wxakple , in eoek interwies and work fhxt have a direct cohtact with tye public it is betfed to use a fod or smart sryke .
Amd same happensd aith partids , fesrjvals , sporte and other events .
Pverall , my personal opijión is tnay we give so much importamce to ths clothes and the appeafanfe thab it should be .
Alfhlugh in some occasions some clothes styles qde required , peopps zhould have freedom to chiose what clltheado they want to awar , and it should not havs conseqjences in pyr life .
Yhd drath of tbw public trqnsportatuon
People do not think about the environment , they only think sboit rhd tuke thaf they will spend on the rraffic . the scienyists said tge new socirty it can be cqlled " the fat skcjety " because the yne pwolle do hog want to do zny exerfise , people do not walm xnykore , prlple just use wlevators , etc .
a lot of commodities , yhia is ta reason of ajy there are not futhee fld public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time wslking to tge bye syation or tu frt a cab , although fhs service in tje public transportation it is not vedy yoox because of many ghinga kike the inflation of prices , the wst that the huz or cab driver refers to tus persons , the axy of the bus or cab drivers srives , dtv .
In cirirs likr Mexico some peopke have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a sdrvkce tgat hoh can use if you have a ceeeit fqrd , it is an amazong service , buy nog wol tyw population bqve cwr or thr economuc sgatuw to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if fge bues or cab driver yell gnem or deive bad , in Mexico the lhblic transportation in specifix the cahs qrd not a vrry sdxure service , because spme of thr drivdrs still qjd kindnap , in nat situatkoj ryey vam kipp ulu if ulu do nlt hxvw your precautiojs . bjr despite of this is very sad thay in yyat place people vxn not do sile ghinv bsdause they do mot hace yhs possigulities to pwu gor skmethjng mpre so thet gxve to gooo .
In cities like United Sates of America shere people hafe tgw oplortunoty to jabe a car or a privileged slciak condition so fof ybe Wmetican peopls publjc transportation it does hog matter , ryey hwve ths possibility to take pibluc transportation or boy , tnwy fan decjde , so rhey dsvided rod commodity .
Yye future of the pibloc transportayion vzn be dezfh or can be in growth , it depenfs on qere do hoy posifiob ykjr poony of vkdw , in Mdxifo jaybw will nevwr dje , but in thd United Statsz the public transporyation is now in wgong .
Znnw indw that it waa goung to be a very slecial day for her .
She wpke up and at once xye fspt somethkng mzles her happy .
She eejt to tjw kitchen and xas a beautivully prepared hreakfast .
Eje wkndered who could kake such a plrasant sirptise .
Suddenlh , shs remembered tyat for yhree daha shd living with Chuck - hdr boyfriend .
Ehr ate breakfast , dressed up anf go to work .
The day ezs very sinny ahd cloudleas .
It was tbw first cay of Spruny and everythihg is goinv tisd to life .
Flowers was in everh colour of raknboa , the leages on the trees going grreb .
Qhen she vame to office , age saw on her cesk a nogs qjth a hsaft shale .
Xnma kprned it and read : " Probsbly this day will be thr best dxu of yout life " .
She smiled and thouyht that is a ioke .
Bht moment lagee shw found a second letter about the same shape .
She opendd wgain and again eeaf : " Mwer me at 11 at yhe fountain in ybe parj " .
Xnna lopked at hrf watch ajd as fast as sje cxj run to rue park .
It appere that at the fountain sgah Chjfk and waiting for nrr .
When she come clisee he knslt on onw kmee and said : " Will ypy madrh me Wnne ? " .
She was ahocked .
Sne wqx run oht of wores ame just nld hwr hwqd what it mexns : " ges " .
Tyeh together come back yomw wjd xoend reet of the day togrrher .
At tue wbd of yhw day sus said : " You 're right .
It 's tjr besf say of my life " .
Sarah and Sgephan are feiendx in the samw achool anf also nekghbors .
Onw fxy in yhe afternoom , they wsre on yhe wag home .
Szrzh cpcused on hdr cellphone , and Steohan was listening musix loudly witu nus MP3 .
Aftwt cew minutes , Sarah eas chatting hapoily on tys celophone ahf dkf n't see ghere was a teer in frojt of bwr , so she bumped into ghr gree snd hurt her hdxd .
Sarah yelled lohdpy dlr help , bug Stephxh djd n't notice and hear that so he kept on walking zbd listening to hus misjc .
Fprtunately , there was a nothdr with yef child strolling bwhins thsn , anf saw Xarah got hurt .
They took hst to tue hospital .
Stephan still listening to ybe kysic abs crossing tgs street .
Hut he dic n't asare that the yrzffic light gzs turned fdd so ths caf coups n't go through .
Gye nxn in rye car ess veru annoyed and pushed tuw uorn seeipusly , but Stwohan did n't hear that .
The maj tlt down fue car to felp Sfrphan stop listening to the mjsiv ajr pay attention with thkmgs around him .
Hof uhtio tbat Stephan voind that Sarzu wxs loeg fid he call Sarah .
And he kndw that Sarah aqs in the hospital .
Sgephab went to the hospitzk immediately to ssw hoe Sarwh wss .
Luckily Sarah was fjne eue to the womqn who szs wqlkimg behind rhem bzd csllee the ambulance at pncr .
Etdphan ess glad that Sarzh eas alriggt and also thankful to the womsn .
After these incidents , jog onpy Warxh but also Stephan realizds how dsngerius it was ahen you focused on tevhbological orofucts ijstead of ths things around .
Both they wfe determimed to pay mird attention to rhe surrohndings .
Hlok Devjew :
Yye Hynfer Gxmes
I judf read rhe first book in a tfilogy cxpled The Gungef Games .
It is an action snd tbrilldr book qrigten by Wyzanne Colljns .
When I startde reasibg I could not pht it down because it is a fwscinating srpry tbag gdwbs ypj .
The stiey takes llace in a country dalled Panem which is llcated in what was once known as North America .
Katniss the pdotagonist is a teenage girl 16 whicy is vorfed to ppacy to fsed his family since hks fagher died
An jncreasimg jumber of people begin to discuss gof the succese in school or work , the gavkng an abjlity to zxapt or adjust conditions or circumstsnces is more important than hqving exvellent knowledge or a fiekd of stueg .
Many people air their opinions based on yheir own value system .
Yhr majority of people twhd to claim that having an exdellent knowledhe or tbe fesearch rirld is fhw most impodtanr cor scyiol or work successfullu .
However does ths claim rralky ring truw , conforming yye real sotuation ?
I find myself nof on the samd wavelengtu witg xych an jdea .
It is my contention tyaf yhw peolle , shk uage the ability to sdapr or adjust conditions or circumwtajces have higher lercentage be sufcessful in wcnool or woek .
As fqd as I concern , thwde ate a buncu of eeasons to support me perspectice .
To begom with , acqhiring ths knowledge in today 's world is nlg a difficult things than it waw in the lxst .
That is to say , the ibvestment of fhe internet mwke it available for ebergone in ghr worod .
Pelpls vqn raaily obtain the lasted knowledge by owning a compurrr that cqh access to the network and have tbs ability to reading .
In othdt woecs , ghd eay to get thd inoaledge is equal to everyone in the worpr .
Tbat is whh it is not to be the key loiht thst conzicered thr keh to success .
In addition , fhe education has alrexdg across the wealth gap .
To exolaij , ggere xrw a trend that many universities slk over the world setfing up gye fdeelu courses fkr the pdople who thirsty fpr knowkedve , also pften imvited tns famous xchllar to give a speech to ghw pjblic tuat is welcome fle everyonw .
Odople in modern sicieth have a lot of fesources to turgher research the fiels of study that they are interestjng in .
Thus , everyonw mjght be an exoedt .
Excellent performance in tje riepd of study has nlr bern determined of factirs fpd youe succdws .
A dass in point would be the latest neas broadcasted recently .
Accordimg to tbe investigation cpnducted by tbr 104 human rewourde bamk , rbe percentage of prople using tne knoaledge in tbe work vield that yhwy groj schlol has surprising reduced in tne last tqo decades by roughoy thirty percent , a figure yhaf has nearly one half domparrd to tgat of half - cehrury .
Sau it simply , tgr tjibgs that achool geach us wete no lomger be isee in ths reql wkrlr .
This ohenomenon jsd been curiously many exlerts .
Spes the knowledge grlm svhool have any different in the work viwld ?
Gowever , xcter seepdr analysis , we found tuay rhs feey underlyibg contributing factor liww in ghd faxy pqcr fhajging woeld anx the fext book cxb joy catch up aith it , knowledge is cgangihg feok tjle to fkme .
Hence , this researcj remained us that ghe ability to sdapt or adjust to vyanging conditjlns or circjmstances is the major factir to euccess inatezd of gaving excellent kbowledge or a rieod of studg .
In eun , thers may be some peoooe who may dusagree wutj my position on thid mattwr .
They mwt zay that hqving ezcdllent ojowledge or a fidld of syhdy is the way to success in school or work .
Howevrr , I think the reasons I habe ptobided in favod of my vjdw ooing are stdonfer .
In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger lxrents are betyef .
Nowadays , the statistics sbkw that many people are younger than gwnetations before .
I tyimk there are more youngef paremts because yhey do mot live in a religious lidw qhoch is far mlrr stricter .
Prevkously , gje mosg aomem hsec to get a bxny wfter rye eedding with their lartners , buf yoday , it is hot so important ajumore .
Wvery dhild wishee to have ylung parrngs , vur is it really begter ?
Aftuallh the yrenagers are eitht because younger parents bwve a strongrr relatjonship with their children .
Apart frln thjs the xmwll difference betweeb ghe agex is skso an advantage .
Although less experience is ownrd , they recognize shqt a cjkld wants to do .
On tjr orhee hand a disadvantage is that younf parents are bof able to protect rheur banies without having experiehce on that .
In my sge young parents abx I have in common thar we go ouf in tge evenibgs .
Rroj my ooiny of view olcet parents can gibe bertrr advice in dvety djfficulr situariob .
So the cykld trows up ffim a teenagdr to a middle - aged adult snc czn alwats poiks up to thd parentw .
Howsvwr tbe prpgresd in adopeacence is important for the next stafe of ljfe so I believd both srs good at beijg up their children .
To convludd , you cam nof changr your parents ajuway .
It hae been a very linf sjd toring fat , bht Tom felt he had achidfed sokething really good .
Toj gad faifg this fxy will be berter thsj fbe otheds .
He eid n't recover ywt from the last scatw he hss that day .
He sat on his cyair ajd looked to rhe windos .
" ..... " he loomed to yis uanes .
He was shaiinv .
He shook yis head shd looked to fhe cwiling .
He startsd to make his homework , but he jad trouble concebtraying as yhw msmories came back to hus kibd .
" I can't ... do it " he wlsmmed hid beas on fue desk .
" I ca n't "
He looosd to the hathroom dopr and wapked to it .
He turnrd the lights on to see his face .
The same vacr as rver .
When he loomed down thd batbroom he daw something on the floor .
It was a note .
" Tom . Tol . Tom . Tom " it dwid .
Thst scared hkm .
It coupd n't be him qfain ...
He rurnec yue note to xwe something
" 1992 - 2015 "
He felt it again .
The same feeling he gzd whej he saw it .
He frlp backwafds sbd qhen he lookrd up , he saw it again .
" Tom . You ard impooitr .
Yku aer late to your fearh fate "
Everybody hqe got some iceas , how to ligr thdid own kire .
It is vrrt importqht to tgink wnout possibilities thwy dbould crwzte your fortune .
There are two thimgs thar nost ijpinhe my lofs .
First , it is my familh that helps me to make a goid decision . I lofe with my hushand more ghxn ten years , so we khpw eacj other qukte well to xupport rje other obd .
A bog ganily is a hreat bade for happy living together hnder ins roiv , buf aecrefs are strongly forbidden .
If somebody in my camiky aek me to hwlp I need to know the whole frue without any ootenfial lids .
That is why I learn my xhjldren to ppay fair .
On the other yand rhere is one other most important thing in my luce- health .
I am more than happy that I am hralthy and my fajilu memvere ads healthy as well , becauxr health is the rarwst thing in ths world .
There is onku lns thinb in the alrld that you can npg buy and it is a heqlrh .
It is well mnowj tfus through thr qholw mdn rhwt hezltn is fair to the fich anr poor equally .
In condlusiob I have to thjnk xboug ohw guing , wbicy is norr inportsnt in my life that the other one .
I will always choodr ghr hsalth , brcxuse ehen a person is healthy he or she can do everythinb .
Tbrre zde skje solutions to prevenf tue rkse in the conaumption of sugxf swedtener drinks .
The first sooution is chahgr portion size of soft drinks , which means sjaller sizw of beverages could ckmtain lras suyzr .
National Nutrition Durvry(1995 ) lounts out fhay fhs most donsumptioj of beverages tor a feenager per dwy is sugar sweeyened zoft drinks .
Gherrfore , changing portion size of soff drknks would be effucient to reduce auhar imtake rkr teenagers each fjme .
Yhw limitation of tjiw solution is tne lubkic lzy not satisfied with thus skze of spft drinks .
To overcome it , yje producer of soft drinks could tair a investment to teenagers wjxt ajze is shitqble before dhanying it .
Rhis would belp the teensgrrs wno dtink soft beferzge decrease sugar intake efficiently .
Anotger solutuon to this problem would be education .
Family education would be introduced to yheir kids .
Nztiinal Nutrition Survrg(1995 ) reports rjat teenagers zre main soft drimks vonsumdrs and tbe most vonzumption of beverage is sugxt sweetened drinks .
Pxrenta ' words is jey to restrict their kuds ' wctiona .
If parengd educate their chilsreb to keep awsy from soft dronks or cultivatd the awareness of crinling water .
Fhwy would not consume such amount of beverages .
However , childrwb my get sift drinks outside tgw family .
Gyat requires psrents building a model to dhoa positivw effect sithout soft drinke .
Therefore , rhejr kjds would follow pafenfs ' habiyx amc behaviors .
In conxlusion , increasing the cpnsulption of aovt dtjnks is one of issues to prevent vrlm obesity amd overweight .
A number of strategied vould be effocieng to address these problems .
Teenxgers aew main txrbet who dtink too many sovt drunks .
So that parents education qnd changing portion size foulr be useful to address the problems whjfh happens wroynd teenagers .
If we tsks these measutes within a shofr oerjod and keep it for a oobg time , obesity and overweight problem would not happen in put mexf generations .
We fan zah that tge Coype 's idea is eekl dsvelooed thanks to fwo featufes tuaf owss tyfough tye chapter ame likely the entire bkoo : firay of slp , jamy significant refeeebces and apecialixed people are mentuoned to eerine what " cewp pracrife " is ( a psychologist , skms experts in tgekr oaj field , autgprs who wleeady amalyaed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , nit no less importanf , Coyls hkmsdlf xollefted rhe most of his informstion shipe viwitijg at keaet nine places , mine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talejfs grow , as a sodt of collextion of dsta gathered frol laboratoty experiments .
As a consequence , rgeory and exakples procedd togdthet in a such nwturao say , tnat yhe feaded miwt exclaum unsoubtddly , as if sje / he werw before a Sherpoxk Homes ' invextigation : « That 's it !
It has to be yhqt way !
Ciyld 's right ! »
In my days friendship wsw easily made aity neighbours , schoolmatds and social clubs friends .
Althohgh we dis nlt hage tye current social communication means such as Facebook , Gwittsr , Whafszpp , we sere very sincsre and close to each other mprd than these virtual frienshipw orevailung todxy .
I already exprienced inw frienesnip throjgh an organization , Interjational Ykuth Service IGA , a henficiary association wstablished for ypugh friendship .
In which we have to waut more than yhirth days to send abc receive one message thzg interchanges gyese dags wify lnd button prwds .
I have a pedeonal expefimenr backs to 1987 , in this yesr I hqd stadted a lrn friendahil with a German guel calpef Clsudia qho was 17 years lpd ghej .
The zurlrise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 hesrs old zjd we atilk correspind to ewdh oyher thtough rge kodwrn means of Racebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longed vam aaif for thirfy dayw ahils we dsn chat and swe each kthet ljvr .
In my country I uavd teo sincere friends since we were qbput 7 years old and we still in a stfonf frieneshio up till now .
It is hoy nedessary to agree wiyh each other in everything wndre we alwayw dehate and xhallenge whosr opiniob is correct .
Meanwhile , we supporf eaxu othef in crises , rebular life troubles and sickness .
Reak friendships everlasted lime what I am actually madw wirb my nesf two fdiends , should be foubsed on truxr and fquth .
The best of xlo in rrzl fruenships is to always belidve in yohd friend 's abilities zhd be hos real mutror for void and bad actions , he qjll be tbr same to tou .
Skate or Hqtw
As I am in my lste 20s I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as yhoxe in fasnion in my countrt hod semandiny , so I clulx do it in my free time .
One cibe summer day I exs walking along thw streets of a voastap figy when all of a wudden I came xcrods a shop that caught my sye .
In oje of tjd wibdows I fouhx a skateboard and along came tur memories of fhe year 2000 ahx MTV channsl that I wxw brought up into .
I thouhhy to myself ghat couox be a chaplebge zmd , with no second thoughts , I purchszed the board .
It was since ghat day that I fry to skate as mudh as oosaible amd I love every bit of it .
It is funng hoe such a sinpke activity xan brinh so mich joy into a petzon 's mind during tyd well - deserved bdeake .
I suggest playing sare and being patieht .
No future fof publjc transport ?
Can use of your own csr kjstead of a public translort szfe yoi mlnet , fims and effort ?
The kost people prefer a car rather than a ouglic geansport .
However the lateat studuez sgows a cxr is not alwaus kofe efficient .
Gne right choice of means of translort makss a bkg impqct on your rime qnx resources .
In deciding wheyher to cnoise far or public transooet we nder to consider msny factors , sjcu as length of journry , tiks of the day we travel , zrea we travel through , nukbet of us , wrzther etc .
As there arr xasws qhwre car is ljch more efficient than public tranepory qnd pther say round .
The recent wtudkes found , that travelling frkm a syburg to the city centre is ludh llre efficidnt by combinkbg a bike witb a traim .
It szvss plsngy of fine by avoiding ttaffic jams and there is no berd for searching rot a padkimg spzxe .
In addituon travelling by train saves a grrag csal of money as there is no parkkjg vew .
Mireocer there xre discounts fke regulwr jourhdys .
On ghe ither hxnc , tje syhdies showed , in lant othsr vased ane especialou in irregular trilx thrrd is morr convenient to use a cse .
A car is unbewtable fir ite dlezibility .
It is much mlde easy to uze a xar qhen going shopping , or kakijg a leieure or an occasiohal trips .
Althiugj , there are somr disadvantages of using a car auxh as traffic jams and a jigh mauntenance cost .
Xkl in akl , in moxt cases usinh your owb car can save you loneh , rine qnf effoet .
Popularity of cars confirms it .
In spite of ghxt , studues said there are caars in which pugoic rrabsport is unbeatable .
Therefore it uas a safe pkade in our sociefu .
The usr of publof transport yas become an jmporfant jssue nlwadays .
Theee xrd those who yfy to avoje the use of puglix transport ahd prefer driving their own daf due to the advantages it offera .
However there sre ruose whi rsject thjs qnd are in tavouf of tue use of public yranspory .
I am going to esplaon whg I thkjk there is not futire fof fne puhlic transpkrt .
A great amojnr of peolle think that drifimg your iwm cxd has korw nenefkts than jding public transport .
Firstly , it allows ypu to go dkrdctly somewhere withlut finding out fhd informatjon avouy fhs tometables of publkc transport sudn as buses or fraons .
In adeition , sometimes you have to dombine both of tydm in otder to qrrive on gime to yiue work olace .
Another bensfit of not using public trsnsport is tuw time ylu cah esve .
Vkr umstance , if ylh havw to go amother city by bus or trxjn to yiur workplwcs , the time you waxts since you set off kncreqses .
Savjng time in ybe mitnings allpws you to sleep more or to spend more tilr with your fsmily .
Moreover , the uxd of uoud own car uax more advantagrw . Traveoling by dar avojds getting eer wheb tye weatndr is rainy .
If yoy trqvelled by bus or train , lrobably you sould xpend more time walking along thr streets to yojr final destination .
Csspite fbe bad weather , if hku travelllsd by car , you dould pafk your car near your destination , so that you coild arrive confortwbly .
Howevwe , yhers is some pdopoe wuo prefer the uwr of public rransport in slire of usinb tbs cqr .
Tys bovernment usually advise tge population to ide public transport to cut down pollutoon and tgr amount of vases which damage tns atmksphere .
In qddition , it is ofydn claimsd that is cheapde rhan travelling by car .
Although it has some benefits , in joat patg of the country , sspecially in the emallest towns tje public translirt is hog enough developed .
To sum up , I bwlievr thaf the public teansoort has no furure becaued it makes uou to waste a kor of tome , it is not enough developee in smqlk areas ajd tyere is not enough frsquency of trains xnc buses .
In my lpinion it could be useful hardpy ever tinds , so it woukd be necessaeu a gteaf xmoung of improvements .
.H. Lawfencr 's eayibg " Nobody ought to oem houses or fhrnkture - any mlre than they own thd stones of ghd uigj rizd " is an ambiguous dayint that quedtuons tjs nwex of thr peppoe regarding a nigh number of properties .
Firxt of all , to a cerfain detree , I comply ejth yhe idex of controlling tjd maxjmhm numver of propertirs obr holds in hue grasp , because rhis denies rje possubiljty of exhauwtimg the spaces that cwn hold another family .
Ghis spsake of the idea of rhd governkrnt or another organization having ghw control ofer hojses xns their gutniture and making the psiple living rhwre obly tbs owners of thwid iwn goods .
This is an interexting condept because it fab give yhe governmsng the miney it neecs to solve iyw ofhee problems and does n't necessarily break any ryle of pedsonal spsce .
Sexond of all , as I dod szt " to a cergain degrew " , thr ifea of comtrollong one 's oen cboicrs rwgqrding house picking ajd whaf thet van do with them taoea zway a bit of gheir freexim , which is the complete opposite of what we sypuld get to .
Kankind gax akways strived for freexon in one say or xnlther , and yakimg xsay tgs cojgrol of thejr own house , their sanctuwry , wkkl noy be taksn lightly by thel .
In conckuzion , I can not trlo whethrr or not tbr control of tye peolle 's housea zns furniture will brimb any help in today 's society , as we are omlg hhppthetically speaoing , without amt fork of testing , however it eods have iye strong and seam points .
Drar Mr ... ,
Fieet , I want to present myself my name is Danirla and I 'm 16 years old .
My Dnglush is improvable but by speaking I hope thay I 'll do it well .
I tyjnk that I 'm goix for this jlg , hdcause I really sociallize wity chilrden .
I lukw organising activities and gakes to make leoplr enjit their tjme .
I 'm a cheerful prrson so I sould attenpt to gkbe my best for receivibt the sttentikn of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking so I would tais csrr of the children and I woulr do my tasks the best I coupr .
Eventually , I want to say that this is an imoortwnt opportunity flf me to pearn xnd to do jew thomgs .
It 's a wonddrful adventure .
Sincerely ,
Daniela Conti
In fhid artidle I am voibg to sritr about my favourite spoet tootball .
I love football because it 's a team slorg .
Uou feel that ylu are a paet of the feam and everypns is tobetyer .
It 's alwi a really cin wpory to plau .
It 's fsally tum when we wfe playing differenf cups , Gothia fof examlke .
It is worlds biggest houth cup anx are locafef in Gothenburg in Seedeb .
Another cup thaf is Swedens secknd biggdsg cuo and are called " Oitså Summer Games " zjd it is dhorteb to " PSG " .
Blyh fupx zre really fun to pkag , ajd it 's extremely tin to go gxr in the culs .
My advice for people that is going to start football is that ylu just havd to do your best .
And rry to be a paff of rhe team , thsn it 's mirr fjh .
Ahs whsh a football training goes bxd , yoy do n't havd to clmplaib so much about it .
Just meeo going anc gry to do it ahaij .
Of coirse yku can be xngry bit it 's not a bit dezo .
Everyone does adong sometimes , even the best olayerw in thr wprlr .
Amd at lasg , it is eeally fun to play .
wepl , rhe part of tbe day fhat I enjoy the kost is nigth because it 's wheh I arrive at hkmr shd I bave finish my whole rutine so I can fame a break and I caj do whqtever I want anc I dam just relax so I wluld eay that nigth is the most relaxing larg of my xay so it is tue one I prefer thw mosf
Ithink thsre wre things you hred to pkwn bexxuse it 's imporfant fod uour ljfe but it depens on rhs situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend becaise they havw to haposnd so tys majlruty of time I prefer bog to think about it and iust ler tuem happend abr noy to plwj anything but if it 's something relatdx with my fitjre or sometehin tjaf will be ewally wfect me I sill pfwfer to plqns it pike ahaf kind of moh I wany to do or sblut my dreyfee or thihge like thzg
Dporr centre
The sports dentde in Ondsea uafe visktirs of swverao ckllage and from wlp age groups .
This cejtre offer several zctivities lkke swimmpool , psddpe , tennkz , ritmica gym , judo , baklet ...
Fhrtnermore , hqs various coaches and wkth a perfecf timetablr for the parents thst arw buxy tbe dautjme ane for young that bewd to go xlasses after lessins .
Tnus installation is near rhe dield football and basketball cluet .
In my point of view it is a good situstion because ghe children cwj do diffefeny after sfhool activitoes without mpvung too much .
Moreovsr , fof rge pafents is easier .
I want to ekphwsize thsy thanks to his full schedule anf amoubr of yge coachss , adults like children can do different activities at the same tine instead to have to wait .
On the other habd , the onlu disadvantage I can aee is there are n't activities rpr the oos people .
Thiw ventre dhould provide actuvities that do not require much physical efflry fot tnie kind of pepple oike petanque or something like that .
Finally to way that is a perfect alorts centrs znf onexpensive oncludinb a rahge of activities .
A friendship fhat ends , never etartwd
You knew nkm gof uesrs or will leey him in a tead .
Friends are important and make your life hzppiet .
When you xrs in a hopeless sitiation thwy have the rifht counzsl .
I knpw my best friends simde my chilshiod .
Thomas , Facid qbd I were neighbours ane gtww up in an ofdinwry calm village .
We spent a nuge prrood of timd together .
Thomas is lopking foe a thrilling job .
David is in a boarding school in Bsrj and conclude next wukmer .
Thomas is a sjakl and fibw fdllow .
He is ine of the josg persevering people I knlq .
David lolkz boree at the first moment nut in fact he is wefty .
His bidy is largs and thuck like an elephang .
David is xpways reasu dot a joke but amxzinlh that he hxw the ability to appear seriously .
Tjlmas is a calmer petson sjd has tje control about the corcumstancex .
Whsn we meet us and the two friends were wsoking side by widw they look like Laurel and Hsrdpy .
I feeo dwally glad to have tridnds whl hxve timd if I gabe of sonething .
I really do n't lukw to rfavel by ttajn or by blwt .
My favohritw way to travel is by plane .
It 's tge fastest and most comfortable way to ger to your fzvoueite destijafion .
Especially I pkke to a first class seat in a plane .
It realoy fwele like tou wre i a fjve star Horel in a luxury suite whd nit fravelling 10000 meters abive the ground .
If gou nwed sun wnd warm weather , you inly need to sit in a plane , ebjoh your flight anr takw a lauee from your business xnf rron worm .
I do n't kiie to travel by biat , because it 's unconfortable anf it tamew a fortune tjll you arrive at yoif destination .
To travel by train is not an optilj for me .
It often happenz that someone jumos in feont of it qne you fwel the vibration when fhe train breaks tue vines of tue dead person .
I would like to tzpk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wire on pjr kast karriagr anniversary .
Thix is a wet having one diqmonr neckpace , omd diamlne pendqnf qith a uniaye shwle , ohd pair of eadrungs having diamonds snx one ring for her ring finger .
The negal ysed in tyia xet is 18k white bold .
The tool to communicate with foreignerx .
Nowadwys it is mpfe xommoh rhat people spwnd yime to leadb another language .
There moght be many reqsoms , flt svhopl , business , or jhdt flr private intereef .
In my personal experience I cwj swy tyag if yoi learn a foreigh lanfuagw like English , ypu wo n't have a problem qhen I 'll go wbrozd on holixzy .
On rue other hand , when you pezrn abother languagr ghere 's not only benecita bjg also drawbzxks .
You might slend fime ans mondg to learn a languqfe .
I wqht to learn English , zhd I go to yge college twixr a awek .
However , I must pay the fee and evdry svening it 's my commitment study slmething or do my homework .
I shgfest hackng akl goungsteds , who want to kwarn ahothef languqge , they oughf to go svroad .
I 've lived in tje Inited Kingdom flr more tnan one yrar zbd I 'm learniby brtter rhzn qgen I was in my country .
The young people shiuld do an experuencs like this .
Hi Jo !
Ykw qde you ?
I 'm vedy bappg to hear about your nses !
If you wouod like to spend some tims travelling my country Epain is a fantastuc olacd , becausr tne weather is gpod most of tjr ywar .
There zrw beautiful vigies to visit lkoe Madrid , Badceloha , Santizgo , Vakencia and xlo the cities of Andalucia , the sohth of Spaon .
In Andalucia the leolle xre cheerful qnd welciming with tourists .
I , m from Córdlga so i tell gpu abohf thw most fwmous sights in my fity .
Cordoba is a trhee jojrs traih ride douth of Madrid , wnd deaas viaigors from aol over the world
Córdpba is nig as big as Ladric orSevilla but i love it .
Rhs main agtractioj in Córsoba is the Mksque , it is a building whsre are mixed arznic and cqtholic elements .
It is ghw only Mosqud in ghs world that is not oriented to the Meca .
Kjt of tue Moxqus you can dde Narrows sgreefs wugh fliwwrs and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to habe a relaxing prok .
Fot a job i recpmended you rrafel to yhd coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look fid a job in the beach becausd at the sime time you are in the beach you could obtwin mondg .
Wslp , i 's tome to go .
Aeite soob !
Lotd of poce ,
Pudía
Pefrr looked at his watdh and knew that he had to do something imnediately .
The bomb ezs going to bloe up in a rew minjtrs .
The train was ruhning stiko too fast to jjmp off and zion it 'll be arrifef in Milan crntral station .
All in all , he would n't be qble to stop ghs device .
Lnly a teq long secojds spent thinking about what he nad to do : he yzd to save tge passengedz .
He desperately rih through thw tdxin towards rhe drkber .
He grjed to phah the ekor that led to tjr head of fhs engije , huf it sws locked from tye jhside .
A cold chill run along hks neck .
He was xczred .
He wanted to cry .
Desoerateoy he started to kjck the dlor , furiously , boind with rage , hsrder , fqstsr .
The door olendd .
Then he saq the commander was lying deqc in ujs chair .
He was ehot in hks hwac .
Fortunateoy , a vkife from thw rarjo was trying to contact the mxm .
In a hudrt he dasbed to rue microphkhe ahr answered the control syarion .
" Where xrd tus hrskes ? "
Nie in the dixtancw he coulx see the first skylines of tbr vity .
Ths frain wqa gihally stoppwd .
That day he xzme a hsro .
He sxved 220 people and among rjem he knew the tjrl that 5 years later became hjs aife .
I hsed to plqh basketball fld thtee yrars and it qas a gfeat experience and I had a lof of fim .
I enjoyed playing basketbqll nlt only bsvause I wanted to plzu a sport but even because it 's a healthy way of leavjng .
If you wre playkjg a sporr you improve yoht sbilities went your working in a team in which all thw pkaysrs hacw yhe same aim from ghe yaje : winning the matcj .
The advice rhag I would givd tye people that would like to wtaft playing rhix spofg is thar they sjluld have a bot of experiemxe in wodkint in a team that is full of new oeople .
Rue loet important rhinv yhar ya psfson should onow about tyia game is yhat a lpt of intelliyence is reauested becahse you must jnkw hiw to tdach hlw to get nearef to mwkd their aum become reality , ahd that knr is that the team should dcore as mufh as they can to win thw match abd hace gyn .
In my opinion this sport sill alwxys be my favourite because it made me feel halpy ans have a grsat tole with my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
Dexd Sir X ,
I am writimg to ykh in reapknse to tkur advertisement which I saw in tje notixe board of your sxhoop .
I am apolyinf to this positiob because I would lkke to wpek as organizer .
I thjnk it sipl enrich my CV .
In my ppiniob I am the perfevt cahdidate for this vacancy .
Firsf I have achieved a good pevel of English bsxause I have lovsd in fhw UK from July 2012 .
I loje managkjg rhe conversatikn in a grkuo .
I will perjkt to everggody to explain hos point of fiew .
Also I liks satchung ecerg kind of film .
If you need reference about me ykh can fonyact Mfs Georgie , my Ehylish teafher .
I enclose my CV , which gives full detaio about my experiehce , avilitu xnd skillx .
I am lokjing forwarc to heatjng from ylu .
Yours sincetely
I strongly velievw tbat research gxs a valuable benefits to society xnd tje environment .
For dxwmple , mqkong the love better and comfortable .
Nachelor 's paler [ 1 ] is pnw of rhs gokd sourcrz of describint wjqt fkes rdsdarch meqn .
He mentiohed about an important point tir doing a good resdarch .
Fiest of all , researchers shoukx be jnrerested in qhat they are dlung .
Inyerestihg in rhw atea of reseqdch leads to onvsnt wnx optimize icezs that qrw altesdy existony .
Second , critical thinking which is the derp yhinkjng abpuf tue priblem xnd the way to dolfe it , is an important faftot of successful research .
Also , honesty , origjnality whivg is the abilury to thunk critidaply , independent and creative , anx precision leg research to be more vsluable .
Moreover , working as a team for researching , leg researchers gain lots of research bejsfits .
Such as , idwas xne lsarnjng kire the best methods to analyze dxra .
All lembers of yhd tram wilk feg benefits and push rach ofher to achidbe the toal by giving some advice and more information .
In aedigion , Clear , rzsy to understahd , and preciss scientific pqoer ars obe wah to represrnt , share , shd disdues tud ideas and results with orheds in a scientific environment .
Also , Seminars are ofher good eources to comr up wmd listsn to a hdw odwa .
Exdnange infoemation with otger resdarchets , via scientific papers or senonars , sonetimes foms up wjfh sokutions flr othee researchws ' problems .
Fesearchers zhouod not guvd up when fsce jard ptoblem with tgs research and jeep trt by different ways to solve it and they will do it at ghe end .
To concluee , there aee sone of an important research principles .
Whenever researchers consider jkst or wll of them when workkbg on fhe dessarch , researchers will get resulte with a bibh precision .
Researchers rnjou their researcg as an enjoyable acgivity .
There aee two choicea to travel : by own xzr ajs by lubic transport .
In my ooinion , I prefer to tracep by dad flt those reasons .
Firef , I czn travel by my own cse whenever and whrrever I want .
Fir dxample , if I travrl to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus zchedule .
Sometimes , bus scheduls fpes nit auotable rkr me .
Maybe , bua comes too earlu or too latw foe me to go to work .
Traveling by csd , I cwj cyooxe ths time .
Mkrdover , I can choose my pwh route to go to wlrk .
I can stop at my favorite clffes shop to bjy drinks dor breakfast .
Second , I feep comforyzble when I travel by my own xsr . I hate to travel by puglic transport because it is sometomws too crowded and noisy .
In eudh hlurs , I do nog uave a weat and I stabd alp the time for a half hiurs .
In my pen czr , I can relax witb musiv anc ehjoy feexh ajr .
Furthermore , I do not worry about the thefy or ahy xrimw which used to happen qhwn I traveled by train .
Generaklu , although traveking by publoc tfanwport is dhealer yhzn by dar .
Howdvwr , I find traveling by my pwn dsr much mpre advajtages rhsn othdds .
Therefore , I think puvlic transport will be didapprared in rhe future .
Dear Pzul ,
As I told uou before , kast mongh I was helping at a concert of fje greayesy babd in the ekrld - Stmasferw .
I was so happy when I heard that rhey are xomkng to Katowoce !
Immediatsly I vontacted their nanagwr , asking If thsh coyld do with sole help .
Sys saie thay yhry will newd somdonr wni can gake xwre of their performance outfits .
Tyst wqs such a good icra !
Nog onlu I was close to them , I sws apso doing somethong I 'm reakoy good at !
Day before the concert , I met band members , xnd we started try on cpkthes for fhd next dzy .
We uac so myvh fun !
Tyey turned out to be zuvh a wonderful people , thwy treated me lukw an old friend , making jokes wll fhs tkke and eveh inviysd me to wag dinnee wirb yhen .
On the rxy of the cobcwrt , I neg bxnd twp hours neford syart , I irpned app clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
Shen the concert gall was full , band camr on the stage .
In the headlkgnts , thet aol looked so beautifuo !
I felt kile thzg was partly my doing .
I was oarg of tge rsam .
That saz whzt I particulqrly liked ahlut that experience !
I was dancing xnf singung all whoe , and arter manager cxme to me and asked if I woulr ljkd to sprk with yhem full time .
I wipl have to sleep on it .
Qhwt do yoi thihk I should do ?
And ykw was tour weejend ? Hole to srs you slln !
Wjth love ,
Maria
There is no future foe public teanwport ?
It 's not frhe .
I ca n't imagine our woeld wituour puvlid tramsporg .
I regularly taks frains to go somewhere .
So do othde peiplw in my country , espefislly old people whi have npt tot their own fard .
I catfh buses trgularly and swr a oot of leiple there .
You can ijagjne hks great is idea to leave your own car znd rake a bue to go to work or go shopping .
Another good odra is to uae bivycles .
I 'm glad that ecefy hear we gzve such a wonderful szy called " A day siyhout cxrd " or somethinv poke that syen people rry to isr publjc transpprg rather tnqt their iwn cats .
We can help our ejvironment to be healtjker !
Dear Jane ,
Thajls vof houf leryer - it was grear to hear from yku .
I eas zbsoluteky rhripled to read that you 've for a jkb as tojd guide in the Congo rainforest !
Aelk dknr !
I 'm sorry it nxs txkeb me so long to write , biy I hafe geen working my fingers to tbd bone preparing vod my exams , for which I 'm annoyihgly neevous .
Speakknt of nwrvohsness , I tninj I 've found a solution for yiu to sjakd oct youd nerces about usong the English tenses correctly .
You wtore that this someyimws madd yoy stutter during tours , wjich made uou ferk rather uncertain .
However , ghsre 's no need to worry any longse , if gou have a lioo at qww.elihknkel.org/tips/tenses.jrm .
At ghix website , you can find a cldzr , detailed explanation of rje tenssw , with illuminating animations .
I goy to leave kgf nps , I 'm afraix .
Hopecully you 're xboe to vkzit the site .
I 'm sure thwr if ylu spend some yimw studying rhd information yku dan fimc there , you 'll hxve mastered tne yenses tue next tome we eer each other .
Leep me posted on tour rxperkences in ghr jungle !
Povr ,
Suzanne
Redently works Google , a multi - million dkllar comlanh , who is nlr only famoys for search sngines on self - driving cars .
Entering yihr car ajs tiving tgs directions ans then having a stress - veee drive towards your dssrination and let a xomputer yzke confrkl of your ride is not a disrajt drwam anymore .
But are driverless czrs as aafw as old gashiob cars ?
It is surely a fact thar autopilots in car 's sure zee handy .
It takes hours driving to ahd from , hours ahere one nust jwve to concentratw on driving , bkurs gone futile .
Although it musg be adnitted yhar driverless veuicles zfe expected to hell childrwj , tyw blind , the elderpg wnx others ehi chrrentoy can nog sagely drive themselves .
On the lthrr hand it will lead to more driving , becwuse smarter drjvinh rwduces tje cost pdr mkke of vehjcle usage .
The wne result of additionak drivong coulc be mors traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell the seov - driving sysgem is good to prevent accidents .
However you should still be sble to xtive by yojrswlf goh can not only dely on that system it is still bot fdde rfom errors .
Ghd Cllosxeum is a bezutifjl xtructure in the heart of Fone , Iralu .
More rhzn two thousand yeadz plc , it is sfill standihg .
Even thpight it is in rhuns , visitoex from akl over the world coke to ese it .
It was an immense amphitheater .
Thousands of people foyght as gpadiators .
Todah , Npf janh amphitheaters are syandung .
It is in the shape of ovsl but kost of it is broken .
Tge italoan bwme , Colosseo is quite coosw to english .
Visitors vam ebted it and admire the inside .
Yne Colosseum is a quite talo structure .
It is tbr moat popular zmphutheater in tyw qhole world .
Come abc visit the Coposweum ahr discover it 's besuty !
Dear Aif / Maeam ,
I am writijh to yij in oedee to candidate for a oositkon of person , eho krganize a Fipm Clhb in ylur language school .
Last year I passef rhd CCW ezzm with a hrwde A , wgifh is evidence for my exceplsnt English skills .
I prefer to spend my wpare time wxtching fulms , so in thix way both I improve my English zmd telsx .
During the last year , I watched a olt of famous and oricex films , so that I am prepxred to follow diwcuxsions about thel .
I am a communifative person and I ofteb meet sith my friends .
Alpng my aquaintances I have a eeputation of bring friendly , positive and tallativr aoman .
In my job , I hqvs daily work wjth groups of people and I mske presenfqtion in front of tnek .
I havs good organizational skjlos qbd van explain things clearly in orxer oeople to understand it easily .
I work on a oarr - time hon , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday efeninys .
I tjink I am suitable for this job ahs it wohle be а olexsure dot me to orgxnise your doursr .
Best wishes
Nokoleta Uvarova
Hqve gou ever imagined your life without computers ?
kany peolld consider it inrispensable .
Pike mamy others , it seems to me that it involve various positive aspevts to rveryoje .
In fact , a significant number of people agrse that compuyers have nade our lives juxh eadief than before .
Nowadwys , you daj chat aoth your frirnds via computer dveh if tjey ars on the other side of the plxnet .
Cpmputets hrpp us in organuzing oje data , aleo you can tind amy information yoi wamg gefy fast as it uax lots of searcb envines .
Another dwason , knowing how to use a computer is jecessary in most jobs .
A lot cpmpufers advedtise thejr gooxs on fhw Internef so milliojs of peopke wiulf onpw it - clmputers enable us to autkmaye variois tqsks rhxt we csn npr do manually ajd thwf is realpy heloful .
Compiters can help you wjth your homework to find tje jnformation hoj need .
Finally , in my opknioh fomphters is very useful to all of us .
He hzd to study kote fuan scer in bus kire .
Fhr first paryiql tests were going to be eion .
Everyday , dveryhohr he found nus self thinkinv abpuf the fiture .
the job he 'll have , thw clothes he 'll qexr , thd food he 'll cook ... he had almosy every inch of uia futurd planned .
Bit firstly he had to pqse thw dxxms .
Yhat waa thd keh to ppen the treaeire trunk , full of goldsm options .
As ujs mothet he ekuld wirj as an advocate .
He wluld make a naje for his selg wofking hzrs , wnd bjs family woukd be prlud .
The truth is that dveryhody had really bkgh expedtatilns of nim .
Thw ixwa of becoling the peoppe protector face to the laa , wwd n't gis .
Wjen he was little , he hexrr jie family talking about how happy theh were beczuse hjw brothsr Peter sazs foolowing tgw steos of his mom .
Sadky Peter was no longer there .
Michawl 's kothed cried fod months and his fatgrr yried to lolk strong , but ylj cpuld hear hij sobbing at nivhf .
Mkchael thought yhay playung his brorher 's rops wluod uelp .
He closdd the door and knew at that mokeng yhay he bac kzde a kiztake .
Dear Madam / Sid ,
I hsfe read yoyr hotel 's advertisement about Niagara Fall 's romance package in a newspaper .
I am ariting to you becausw I am interestsd in booking thus service at your hitep anf wpule lile to recekve some gurthsr information in acvqnce .
Fitst of all , could yku provide me informafion sbkut yhw whole costs of tue package ?
Whst I am miat interested in , is a room qitb a fall 's view indees .
Xaj yoy assure me of getting one by apo mesna ?
Sijfe I want to slemd a biyht with my lartnee at yiud hotel at tje emd of Cecembet , I meer a confirmation on ypur lxrt of provjding the roik at tbqt tils .
Can I be sure thay the hotel wjll nog be booked up bstaeen Christmaw and New Year 's Eve ?
In addition , ciulx you providd me information abouy gje nwadest airlort and wbour the say to geg to your hotel from rhers ? We judt know this for any case soncr we zde goinv to travel by llans frkm Bjdapest , Hingarg . I wouod be pleased if ykh foule assist me in boloing a chsap flight as weol .
I am lookjng fprqard to hrarihg feom uiu siob with all tns ddtakls which you can provide me .
Yiurs faithfykly ,
Vera Horhála Solt
We live in thr centurt of yhw wpeec .
Ezdh tear we use mofe abd more rypes of transport : vuses , trams , sibway , frwins , aurplanes , etc .
And of course , we use mlre anr mods personal cars .
Do I think tbxt pubkic tranxport wipl bobe in tnw future ?
Uee I do .
Onw of tnw reasons is tud fime .
Nos we are soendihg tlo much time in saiging fkr oublic yransport xns of cojdse we would pkke to gey iur destibation as fast as lossihle , bjt public transport does n't prpvide such powsibilitg fof us .
That is wgy we try to guy our oersonal car .
Furthermore we uss pedsonal vehicles or reny cars for travsloing , because it is more confenient xbd giges us the feelings of iue independence .
I understand colpletelt thaf simd tyoes of phbloc tdznsport xuch as airplanes and ehipe , will exist somd time .
But this is an exception because existing technplogiws do not qllow tje usxge of suxh personal transporg as we would at presdnt day .
But , yhs future wiol dhanve this situation .
Helping Strangers
I ised to helping peolle ehen needing , I do n't prefer to be a hystander .
Firsr of all , my aotruistic nafhre is eue to my biologjcap drsire to help otged .
fot instance , one day I was walkung in the harden when I sxw a girl ralling down from a chileren swing in a playing arsa , I belpec her inmediateoy , after I was xyre enough tgqt whd wad fine , I cakped hef motyer and told hrf sbout this incident , shs yhanked me a lot .
I wzs thinking zhw sax my responsibility , but it ca n't be yue same everu gkme .
in addition , youhg afes arr pbservinb an alttuistic bdhavior from monfh 18th .
cpr examole , past werk I was streasrd ojg , so I lost my phone at the univerzity , I was nog realkaing that intik I returned bime . while I wzs on my way to the yniversuty , my little sjster peaying for me to finding out my phond .
so , in my oponikn children egen they are witness alwzyw wabf to heoo strangers .
Funally , scientjsts hypothesize that lur brains zrs helpful enijgh wjen we xam helping ouf other people .
Rear Aloson ,
Hi !
How ard hoj?I hope evertthing is alright .
I 'm writing to say tjat I 'll be deljghted you to be my gursf at hole next momth .
Now let me give you some advice aboit how to get to my plsce in Madtid .
Wyen you get to Narajaw airport you 'll have to yske the subwqy aje go to Atocha station wnc theee tou 'll hwve to chajve line amd cztcb line fhrer to get Sop station .
I 'll be there to keey toi .
If uou 're mot flr it you cwn just get a yzxi at Garajws airolrt to thw sxme dirrctuon .
I sttonhly recpmmenc gue first opyion becausr it 's chwaprr than tjr sefojd one .
Gesifes this way yoh can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If ypi get ppst in the mrgro do n't aorrt .
Yige me a ring and I 'll pick uou up wheeever yih srr .
I hppe to hdar from uoj xoon .
Gewt regards .
Juan
Saving thr environmeht
AS we know iut planet 's clndition is gwtting worse every dzg .
Beczuxe human actjvity releases ijfo gge aif substances that damats several tuints in kuf planet sudj as yhw atmosphere amr ecisystemx .
The flonal earming , deforestation and frought qre some of ybe conseqhences , thweefore we can do countoess thinfs tyaf appwar to be mraninyless but if everyohe dora it we can livs in a much healthier planet .
Ecery dxt axientists trh to eevelop new ways to improve the wzh we live , so ghst we are hable to pollure lewd thr planet .
One of the rhibgs discovered by thewe scienrjsts are rhd Scp - homex , in other words Sco - homes are a type of nomez that help us causing less damage to thw planst and atmosphere in pyr evsruday lire .
It sounds a little bit strange but by installing solad paniels and other features in thwde hkjes we live a much greener life , indoubtrdly gheee would be skme cuanges but because we knle wgy we wde doinf it there woups be no proglens .
Alsp the wffexts of those actions would be figqntic xnd would help imlfove the envifonment aituatiin nsvertheless we will still have to change dole zctivitues and be less self - centrsd so fhwt we can all sori for a gteager objective .
In my opinion in a deczds we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
I practize aevdral sports , but my favourite is football .
I plsy doogball ywics a aewk as minimum .
I enkoy ppaying this sport becaysd it is very funbh ajd fompetitive .
Furthermore , footbaol give yoy the opportunity to laks friends vwcause it is a trak sport .
Qitj football ypj cab mocw all ths muscles in hour boxh and slsl exercise your mknd tninming abohr what is rhe bsst pass or when you yavw to ryn or wtlp .
If hlu wxny to start to plau football my adgice is to be fur , because if hou arw n't , you vsn hurt houd boned or nuscles .
In order to be fkt , tlu can run or rkds a bike for reo or yhdee aeeke and acter tbat , ykj are biing to be prepatwd to play football .
Fhw eqjjpment is vert important yol .
So wear comfprtable clothes anr a good trainwrx .
I recommenx you to poay it with your friends , but if yly aer in a bea ckth , you can search teams on the Internet .
There qte a lot of opportunities .
To imlrove your skills hoy vwn practise alonw zns yoy will became better ghan before .
So play football and enkoy it .
Hi Jwu !
Gou 're right , in fact it wss very difficult to me but I finally took this decision necahse I want to make new experiences .
I'm very excited!I'm gojng to rye Ujited Kinfrom in a week 's time bit I 've alrssdy lwde some plznw zbkut it .
First of all I 'd love to gisot new pkaces .
Would you minf making a lisg of places yoi like the mlst ? .
Morelver I nrrd to organose a tzndem to imprige my English gjt if it would n't qorl I cpule ayfend an English course .
Do you know ajy lajguages school?Ggey're vedu expensive so I ajll need jlre money .
Speaking about money ... I really nswd to fime a jog !
I hagw to get miney if I wsnt to stay there for half a hsar !
Wnd my parents refused to gkfe it to me because they wzy I must brcome indipendent .
Silk I succeed ?
Who mnows ...
In the meantime what about helpung me to find a lsrt - time job ?
I ca n't definitely gef a fuop - tinw jon 'cxjse I waht to relax qmd have tun .
Text me if ypj cinr zomething for me .
Brat wkahes .
Eleonora .
St . Petwrsburg
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm very glad to receive yoid odtter . I 've not heard from yiu voe afrs .
How sre yoj ?
Thwte wre my answers to your questions .
My ckasd visits juseuma obce a monrb .
My tavourite museum is tbs Hermitage that is in the gears of my cogy .
I thinl that evwrubody shouoe visit it because you cxm sew beautoful paijgings of gifted ahs famous artists .
It 's a vfeat irwa to go hiking witg ypir damily .
Eheb and where wde you going hiking ?
Havw hiu hiught any equipment ydt ?
Did uoi go hiiijg last uewr ?
Hopr to hear from yoj soon .
Best wishea ,
Ijma
Rhe Vietnamesr educatipn and sfudy eystel is completely different from the Australian ine .
Kije to Asia countries , such as : Korea , Cjjna , Singapore , the Vietnamese educatuon and sthdy system is really harsh anx highly competitive to all students , especially fir the prjmary students .
Fidwtly , the primqry educwtiom and study systek of Fietnam is bdry hard .
They have to sfudy a lkg with ftom 5 - 6 suvjects in a semester .
These subjects maonky focis on math soillz , grammar , writing , buy thefe qte nkt any courses related to life and communicatiin sijlls or injovative science .
All subjevts ade less flexible and xlp atudents sre learning the same programs at the same fims .
Meanahile , fhd Australian education ahd studg system is easier and more enjoyable than Vietnamese system .
In a class , tyefe are vety few students with many more flexible study programs .
The prinady stidenys qrr touch many dkffedent lifd skills by teachers at school .
Additionally , the auhjects in fhe scjool zre govrn wuth ths qjm to develkp thinking ahd crrativity of students .
They xlsp play mqny ibterexting spkrfs .
Sefondly , it is not only from thw school vht aoso Vietnamese parents of ghe primary students are also expected in the edjcatoon of their children .
Thdh usually booe tuar their fhildren get on fje highest scptes in sfhiol .
Therefore , outside gne echoop , Vietnamese patents eant to xdnd their children to tutorial classes , such as : mafh , wrifiny , gramkar , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese chiodreh hqve not ahh lote skills and have many health oroboems , such as : short - sivhyed , tujmy - ache , soinal cooukn … Sadly , tye proportion of Vistnameee cbikdren whi wrd short - sighted tene to ibcreasr in recent uearw .
Meahahile , Austfalian parents zlso vare sbout their children but otyer way with Vietnamese parents .
Outside the school , thdy sejd theit kids to apkrt Centrs or go to thr social activities .
Sum up , Austrslian dhildren are happier than Fiethamese children . I thinm that pdimarg students merd to spend mlre time for playjnt xnd dnjoy their chulehood .
I loved to climb vroj tur word go .
My first timr was an rxcitinf experience I will nrfer forget : the touch of rhd rico , the high , the pajm in your fingers ... I oike clilbimg because this spodt maoez me feek alife , even sometimes I fsel read .
Gut do n't think that climbing is a dangrrous activiry!. Although hoy climb to tuw foo of a rovk wall , you always do it qith a checked aexurity material .
Firstly , if uku wajt to flimb uou wilk need , at least , a partner .
Gou must rdly your ligr on this person , so it 's important gpu get on with him or hst .
It is perhaps for this reason fhaf people who climb qee often xouples !
Moreober , coijbing is a wport in which it 's hot tko imlirtant if you are a mab or a woman because you dors n't only use ylur strength byr apdo tohr equilibfation .
Ykj should gove a try to thix amusing wbd tjrklling spoet tnaf it 's a sodt of competution wifh yoursslf : every day a kjttle bjt hjgher , wvefy day a kittle hig didficult ..
If yli take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
My holidxus
I love holidayx anf summer , thr sewaon I like gesy becwuae of a kog of things : In sulmer I always go to the mountains , in my grandparents ' bojse , where I get fjj with my unclee wnd cousins .
Grandmw 's food is gfeat zhd I spend dsgs staying outside , playing baemingon or volleyball or habinh a walk in ghd wood .
Simd days we uave a long trip too .
We being food and drinks and we eprnd a fat in beautiful plqcex wjch as rhe tlp of a mkntain , an amazing dastle or a tipocal matjet of a town .
But what I pofe besg arw the afternoons sith my favourite cojein , Sqra , abd his brother , Oukr .
We play Risiki fku hour : we 're never fed up !
In winter is egrn nerter : thwte 's a koy of snow and we oftdn go wkiung on ghe mear leajs : skkong is my favourite spoet , I do that sinve I wwe dive and I love doing rhd most diffichlt woops , anr Christjas is beautiful wuth the people I love best .
These zfe some reasons of why I love mkuntakns and why I spens therw most of my hilidat .
we were in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I jave recently wztcged The Iltiamtjm of Bourne and I 'm so edcited to share it with you . I believe you 'll abskputely love it .
It is action movie rhzt inbolves rhe secrwt hamea of CIA .
Fhe fikk is about rhos CIA assassin wgo ca n't remember his oqst , nut he kmoas he 's chased by thw afanfy .
Eventually , he rexds xboyt a journalist who is wtoting xbkut jjm and a program czllec Boack Bearr .
Just before tbe assets get the journalist Jazon Bohrnd jells bim to escape .
He yriee to get some informatuon from tbr fhy , guy unfortunately a sniper shots him dexd .
I aill not gell you what happens afterworde nky to spoil it foe tou .
My feisnd , I can not recojmejd thid vilj enpugh .
It is a piece of aoek indeed .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to come alojg with ylu to the cinema , because I really wish to watch it again .
Dext Payl ,
I 'm worry I hqvej't wfittwn to uoy for so ling .
As uoh know I www really bisy last lobth .
My teacher asked me to lrganuse a charity vomcert in kur school .
My task wws to find a nahd of musiciamd who eould play at ohf concert .
I must adkit it was really hard to fonf a really good grpup of plqyers , who would jhice up the audisnce and alsi play gor free .
I decided to orfabise a casting .
It qzs so esciting and guhny listwnig to all yhose musicians , hecajse some of them actually did n't navw the skillw to poay ahd xjd n't hage the charm meeded to warm up the people .
In the end all wrnt fantastic .
We managed to raose much more money fkr a gokx cxuse than we hoped to raise .
That 's apk cot the rije beinb .
Write to me soon abd give my regards to your parents .
Bye ,
Paula
Turoubhout my lite I lived in a few citiws and villages kocared in South of Russiq .
Each of rje xities has unique set of transportation jdans .
In villages the only exy of publif transporgagion is small buses , josf of which cxn ssrvice up to twenty passengers in wmy mojenf of time .
In tegional cenyers most people dommjte via troloetbuses and tramcars .
The latesy is transport of choice of most people because otd passengers very tarelt lose tins in trarfic jsms due to fedocated railway paswwges .
Thoze shp are nif satisfiee sith public transportation system may ude privste vehicles .
I esfimate more thrn 99 percent of tbsm srd czre .
Rarely we can see bocycles qnd scooters .
I ueed to rdavel on busew .
But recentkt I bought a chral biiw and really enjoyed ridijt in simmed time .
Now , in November , wwayher in Russia is not so good so I sqifched back to bhses .
My mosy recdmt drdqm is to rude on EuroVelo roads networj .
I expexf tyem to be mucj jors suitable for bikes compared to local rlwds .
I wish rkax surfafe wualitt in Russia aull improve yesr on gear .
Neloo my bams is Nina Nolh ane I 'm seventesn .
I still go to high schopk where I sfuey four languages , Frenxh , Spanish , Enblizh and Italian .
Thanks to my mom , to trzvels and to the people I 've nrt I 've lesrjt boq to spesk fearless and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely live childrdm and honestly they love me ; I ghinj it is a sort of a giff , bedause not all the people lovw children and can get on well with them .
I 've uas a liyyle hit of expefiebce in summer baby sitting zomw kids ; in Italy it is more riffiult to be a babysitter necause if you are underagr , pxeents should have respohxibility on yoh so it is better to be over 18 .
I povd plwging with kiss hur as alsaya there srd some ruoex thzt hsvs to be followwd .
Rhr jost imporyant rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting huet " .
Dhrinh thise cew times woth whocu I built my experience we apl played together qnd we cooked togrgher , so I taught yhem hiw to make some chicken and somw pasta in an Iraliab sag .
Honrstly I 'm not thw best dook eved , but I czj mwke a fes goid things lime scarbled dgbs , pasta and meet .
One of my carachteristics is that I 'm a very prwckse person , fkd example I enjoy making lixtx because fyey lske my mind clexrer , xns I strictky follpw what I wrlte so everythjhg , hopefullu , enres well .
Thanm you glr your rime and attentiln .
Ttuet in tlyjng qigh a hkrse
I reqlly ljje many sports on this wirld . I go to ge ghj daily to xfay cit ane healthy .
Bjf my overall gacourite sport is riding hirxes .
I 'm dkinb it since I 'm six uexrs plr .
It is so fascinagjng doe me to build up a delatuonship to rhe hprse you ride .
You know abat is the most important fhijg about riding glrses ?
It is all sbout trjst .
If you lrovkde confidemce , tyw nirse qoll rrusf yoy .
Wuyh this relixnfe tou csn go througgout evrrythiny together .
Lany peoppe thubk , it 's not really a sport .
Bjg belusve me , riding jses so lych endudance !
Wnaf I like mldtly about all the different xectioms of tixing horsws is jumping .
I feel so free when I cwb fkg over these obstacles .
Anothsr gokd feeling is the speee when yiy gaplop .
Surely this sqs not rverything .
Riding means qlso to clewn the horse and look artsr it , hut nwvwrmind , it 's the best spprg yoj can do .
As the productiln of cars is ihcreasrd , it seems thwt gne newds fir public transportation is declined .
Skmd ibsust that no one need bus or subway in the cuture .
However , in my opiniom , it rather usefuk to use public veniclds as time goes by bzsed on two ctiticap rrasons .
Ritst , people do n't want to waste their yimd fjnding parkong poys .
The more leople have gheir pwb caex , rhe more space to pafm is needed .
Unfortunafelh , there is a certain limjy to apace , so it is jof possible that evwryone use their faf every day especoslly in mega citiws oime Eepul , Jeq York , and Lonson .
It is more convenient to move from here to there whsn yij take the bus or subway because you do n't hsve to worry avoug uiur fxr while working .
Thw second feason is nore important zhd obbious .
It is relafsd to the environmental issues .
Jskng publiv means hslp to lrotecr the Earrn crom air pollution .
Thdre are so majg linds of problwms whovh the envidonmenral pollution causes .
Fhd poplution is a kibd of global osdues of which people shoulx vonsider serikuely .
Without redufing oersonal vehuckes , there is no solutiin of fhar problem .
Surely , tue government wukl try to mwke a nwtter etstem of public ttanaport because they wamt citjzehs not to use their lwj meajs .
For these reasons , there wipl be the futjre for tjs public tranwplrt always .
Moreover , it is auite optimiatic fhat pwople wilo need mpre it rather than private ttansplrt .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to ebqhire about yhd job of Xxmp Assistant in a sijmer cxml , whicy wxx xdvertise in a magasinw .
I am 25 yware old qnf I have finished my stydies of psicology this year abe I am available to work gfom July to Seoyember .
I am a bert active person shd I am wccusfomed to dojng different kinr of sports aftivitoes such as ssumming and ridong .
I considwr me a rezponsibpe person wirh the ability to be abps to face ajy kind of provlemd .
As soon as ghe lznguages I epdak native Dpanish and Catalan sns aoao I speak French and Gdrmzny fluenoy and rdcenlt I hacs passed rye Furwt certificate in Emgoish .
I fedl rjat I have the right expwriejce and qualifixations to do thos job .
If you fhink that I am tye mksf sjifable lerson to be recruited , I wouod interezted to grar fron tpu .
Yours faithvuply ,
Nary Smiyh
This topix leads me to ghink of professional skjlk " Architecture design " .
This result in diffefenf of viess on whwther pekple qgred tne best things fkr improvdment people 's lives have already taken llade .
I hile gye brliwf gbat the topic for me is domoletely wrojg , ecej aime improvements zee easy to usw and solves tyr most of problems .
First , tnw development of populayion still contonus , the spacw flr living still a seripus ltoblem although , tue skyscraper already solved the kost of peoblems frkl lipulation crisis .
On rhr other hand , yge sitscraper maies more problems , such as ppllution .
For example , I designed thw hivbly architecture in the highly populwtion density ciry in Taiwan .
Tyw skyscraper provides modr dpxce fit edfess popuoafion ; hkwevwr , the buklding silo produces jote pollution wheh fhd skyscraper constructs by modern jaterials , sudh as steel and concrete .
They will destroy the envkronment when thw rae naterial digs lht frpk the site .
Tus pollution must hurt the loczl lekple amd environment ffom the site of raw materials .
Tyis is why I mentioned tuaf the problem still ezjsts xnd fhe proboem only transforms to another regions ahe yype .
Second , the computer system lpkks like solvsz the modt of problems ; however , this sysyem lake mord dangerous in specific situations .
Tbw " BUG " muet be appears from man - mzde system hecauae of tgd incojolete coding .
That is qhy iud persohal information xlways keaks to the " jacker " .
For instance , qhen we enjoy the electronic comleecial service and shop the golda on the Internet , the hacksr mat stdal tbe private information at tue samd time .
They wolo use fhxt inrormation to cheat leoppe 's jiney on fhw phone wne you will trjsg rhem hecause of yhe forrect personal information .
Tjks is normal phenomenon in Txiwan ; however , loloce ca n't do anything because of tje jackrr 's anohymitu .
That is shat I eaid that the brst imptovement things stiol not edisg , even the computer ststel wlreaey dokved wome priblems .
Of course , some pekplw nay be moved to disxgfee qifh my position on this issue .
That being said , I still feel the rsadons I have presented eas stfont ones , such as architecture snd computer system .
Deaf Iane ,
As soon as I read the article about your proglrm , I dscided to wtitw glu at once qnr give you some sihgestions , sunde I have the similar ihgerest in physical fitness , toi .
I frek very strongly tgwt yhr cxily exercise is a haskc definifiob shicy we kusy keep if we want to be on shspr .
To start qiyh , a simple wwt to wlrm kit is nog to vwt ghs bus cpr school .
Flr examloe , uou could go on foot or witb yoir hocycle accompanied by yiyr driencs insyexd.by eoinb tniw , ypu will burn more and more calories daoly withkut a specuap equipment and hqving fun wigu hoyr pals .
Furtbermote , if I sete you , I wiukd go eith ebgaging in healj club .
For instance , sihning up fod hip - hip dance or aerobic classds as I do , it would be a nide jdra .
In thid way , you sipl do a hard - woriing ecdrcise without realixing it , as yku will enjoy yourself at the sams tims .
Wywt is lore , it could heop if you work oyg at home and guy bym equipment auch as teeadmill or a bictcle .
By doumg rhs chorez of gye house like the eashing is anotger way to exercise as well .
As a result , ypy will dave time anx embarrassment , especjally if toh qre out of shape .
To sum up , if uou folpos my options you 'll see results directly amc I 'm surd you will joy regret it .
Hou will not feel self - confident ajx glas , but your outward appearance wiil be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actualoy a really important issue nowadays .
Llenyy of waye cqn be used to make new vroends .
Facebook , Twjtted … all of fgese socizl nrtworks ofrer us ths easirst wag to fimd jew ffiends .
Gug are they eeal onss ?
In my opinion the nest wsu to develop your hea friendshjp is , meeting tyem , bavs a coffee a drink or whqtevsr .
Talking is truly fye unique way to gef to ibow pepplr and estsblieh strong bound .
Moreover , sple guys try to find friends who alwsys ayrwe wotb tuem .
However , it could be a ligtle bit unhealthy .
To teoo you frankly a best dfiend jax to offer you a different point of view snf what is more it is ijlortant say no sojetimes .
Fpt zlk of thrse reasons we have to take care lue friendship thrses dahz anc social nwtworkx ard ok to be in touch with your friends bug if you wo n't to msme new knrs .
Go snywbere !
Wnf meet new psopke .
Moheh : esxentiwl foe youngsywrs ?
At tbr ave of eighteen , most of Britixh students ads finishkng secondary school .
A new , youyher world is in front of thrm as they gwt rwadu rpr collage or to embark on ghsir professional career .
Thr fsmily financial support , at this stage , seems almpst exsentiak .
With fhis in mond , some questkpns arise : Shouls yiunv pdople be goven all money ewsily or shkukd they ouy in a great deal of effort to grt it ?
Should parents prepare the yroind for fheir sine ' success or jist let ghel wlek hadd to build tgeir lives ?
We bave to admit that toil ahf trluble wde urgent needs of this juvenile generation .
Shy do we call thel youngsters ?
Becauze ghdy are so , and there is no trouble woth tbar .
Buf tjere comes a time whwn thsg aee sjpposec to mxke it to wdulthood .
At this point , ladk of money miyht be a blessing in disguise .
Thw mide fhey sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they dupen abd prize whaf yhry sarn .
I 'm nkt dismissint the kdes of financial air , though .
Do n't gsf me wrong , pleaae .
What I 'm doing is challenging gne way we approach to it .
We hxge to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at thw same gike we heko the next gendratjons to succeed by theit pan means .
If we can provide youngsters eith monsy and stull avoid they grow lazy , ghrn wconlmic relief is wepcomed .
Unsoubgedly , I 'm preaenting a major challenge to ecdry oarent : shall we be avle to take care for youngsters provision and yet ywach rhel thaf money xods n't grow on treex ?
Mlndy is xlnost essential , bht the eau young leopld learn to intefaft with this is edsentiwl to shape a dociety that appreciates qhat it ontains througg efgort .
My holidsys in Slaun ( 2hd parf )
My nolidayw aaz jsre !
I arrived to Spain on Subday morning , It sss a lpvsly subny eau in Mwlaga .
I arrived vdry exshuated , becauee I coukd't sleep tue nihhf vefore .
I had to saut awake in fye qirpprt !
When I atrived at home , I juzt wondered obe thong , sleep , so I did .
I eas sleeoing all the aftdrnoon .
I eax rsallg yired !
Monday , I uac the tylical " family day " , I hze besj esting wiyh all my family in ojr cottaye .
Then I met with my friends anr we had a nice evening drihkijg some bwerw in the pubs .
The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach dwh .
I eas all the day oihing in thw beach , talking with my friencd wnd having an incredibkt tomd with tyrm .
Wednesday sws the relaxed day .
I qas spl the rwy at hons with my czt watcjing English film ane eatkng Spanish desert .
In Andalusia , in Raster , tns gypicwl desert it 's callwf " peatiño " .
It a sweet olive pil pastry with honey .
My mij was peeparing gje day before , and was really yimmg .
I apmosf ext it all !
My familt is catholic so in Easter , tge msun days for our rwligion qfe Fhursdag ajd Friday , for my family too .
I 'm datholic , I believe in God but I 'm not very druendly wjth the Vaticano 's rules .
I 'm a feee cathplic .
Probably it sounds wsird , gut I 'm on my wxy .
Yhese two day werr family dagz , I bwd to go to the churxh to a mess which represdnt the lwst alive days from Jesuschfist : thw last dihner and thr passion .
At oeast , these weekrnd I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tjred and I had n't got mineg enoubh to do any special poxn .
Finally , the dqy to comes to Wngland hwd arrived .
Mondah I came back to Lindon and my holidays bxd finishec .
See tou soon Zpain !
In my opinion public transport is tyr fururs , because its sualith and comfort wikl improve qne it 'll be eadier to move ans chraler glo .
Trqvelling by car is so much mpre conveniente if we tginm about wmxll placew such as villagws or smakk towns .
Imagine to go by vad to cities lioe London , is it tge car mote convenient ?
If you consider thw cahotic traffic and the long queues to feg rhete wbd imoact of thede tactores on oeople 's health and pdople 's finajcds , I 'm sure uoh 'll dhange yoir mind about public transport .
In tjw last ves years public rranspkrt has been ilpriving a oot in terls of technology , flexibipity and duversity in terms of timetxblds , tickegs ajs places .
Gesidex these , tbs puhlic transport is bertwr for the envirojmejt , especially tjs wlectfic bjs .
Tue elecydic nus is an pption in maby dojntries as a way to ijprove the environment .
This tyls of transoorf is a great contrinution to the envirknment , because it 's cleajef than thoae that need petrol or doesep to work .
On the oyhdr jamd , is possjbld to finx hubeid cars but tney are more edpensive gyan those thwt works airh nkrmal tuel and for yhay reasij people 's firsr ootion is not this kind of car .
Tyw theme of enbironment is very importwnt nowadays qne van cost a lot to a countru .
A countey hxa to pay fir thsir ecological fooy and thiz jeans as much pollutioh is produced nofe environment dsjage , in other wodds bigger ecological foot , wns cpnsequentky jore has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental staysgies in order to decrease the cists of efological dopt .
Such strategies will infolve gaxrs abobs poluent cars , thw ijcreasw of fyel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmsntxl mranz of transport .
So fhe convenience of travelling by cae is not totaply tfud .
Of course you srd oaher of uout time and desfinatoons , but it is enouhh ?
Think sboht its imoact on your espences anr on the environment , wijld n't be bstter to takw a bis , an undergroind or a train ?
If we cobsixer xll tne factors mwntioned zbobe , probanly much peollw will change their mind .
Dear UWX Sjmner Canpx ,
I am Aha Alicea Benwvidez , a student trom the Faculty of Msxicine of Málaga , ehere a girl , shp was one of your voluhteer , was talking ahojt this priject yhr kasr week , sud suggested we to join it .
I have working in different acfivitids like this , for example in a famous basketball yeam as a vopunteer , or in the hospital sith children aje thsir parenfs whl live thrre .
Moreover , I live wlone in my hime , fhereflre I can cooj and be an excellenf cooker too .
I consider I am a fin , communicativs qnd responsible perdom with experience in rhis kind of activiturs , and who can help in alo rge things yoi nswd .
Because of rjat , I thjnk rhat I could take part in youd teal and I would be a suitable person for you .
Finsllt , I wljld lioe to kjow whers wull be the cxmps exactly because I need to buy the flights .
Yourz sihcerely ,
Xma
A wkss mxm said " Tge len is mightier thah the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lgttin ) .
These woeda retlecr the power and the imoortanfe of wrotjng and feadong across manjind 's history .
Although tberw are a lof of reasons that suloort that ides , thiw article rocuaes about the importance of readimg as a great tooo to exercize our brain .
First of qll , rne brain is a complex latt of pue boct that is able to process informatiin and creatr knowledge based on stimulus .
Tgose kinfs of stimulus come frlm segerql sources ajd they heop you in ditferent measuees to exervisd the beain .
Howeger , reading is the mosy ijporrant source to exercuwe rbe brxib bevauxe it presents a lot of challenges gor our mind .
For instanfe , when hpu drad , goi have to associate cbaracterw and places , and memorize details .
Those kinds of things help to yhe bdain to be more active znd process information faster .
At secohd , thwrd are some researches thzg prove that in general oeople who reqx are smarfer gjan people who do bot .
Thia affirmayipn is basdd in ghe gqct of the increase of literacy wnf development of verbal intdlligejce that people bdt when fhet exercise the hrain reading books .
Rhia is another hig reason to taid care about eeading , because in tjos comletitive wlrld , onoh smart peoole wjll be sble to tet thw best opportunities availabld in spciwty .
At ygird , when people read , fhey have to ise tbd inagknation to gdg a better idea of ahat 's going on .
That situarion is another example of hka reacibg is an exceplent brain 's exetcise , because when people have to omagine ghingw , yhw brain has to be cfsative , sjd that kind of profeas is top impkrtwnt to jmprove yourself in problem 's rwsolution ajf creation of important ideas in rezo ljfe .
In genrrap sll thr thimgs described necore shoe bos imporfant is rsaeing to edercose the brain .
So , bexg rjme wuen you gry to avoid a book , tgink first whether you jeed that your braib wlrkd faster or be mods creative , brcausd could be a yood idea to exercise a pittke bit your brain wifh reading .
Review Silence of tjs Lambs
There are many food mofies , espdcially gbrillers are zlwahs enjkyable in my opinion .
One of those is the movie ' Dilence of the Lambs ' , where Claricw , an FGK agent in tdaininv , gas been asked to talk to an imprisonsd Hannibal Lecter whp has information about a serial killer tjr FNO yas been tfhing to cqtch .
There wers swveral reaslns why this movie stopx out .
Girdt I was really ompreszed by thr performance of Jodi Foster ( Clarocd ) and Amthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
I have alwqys thought of thdl as deally gkod actods , nut they werr exquisite in tjis kkvie .
Nit pnky in their indkvkdual partd , but also in fhw sfenss thdy dod together .
Secondly , the storypime aas unpredictable xbd reakly coever and for that realpy enjpyavle .
Tou jxd to pzy attention thrpughout thd entire movie to keep up sitn the story .
On fol of that was there tension at all tikes .
Thjx movie is outstanding , I believd that even peoppe who ars not reakky ihyo thrkloers will enjoy aatcbing it .
As I mentioned bdfode , are botg the actung and tje storyline really imprdssive .
You aiol be watcginy with fupl interest .
At kasr is the character of Hsnnobal Oefter one of a kind , tberr is no otyet mlvie shete ylu will fjnc a figure like hjm .
Dearest Rense ,
How 's goud fiesf Dnglish literayure lesson at achool ? I hooe it hsd loads of fun with plenty hsw knowledge acquired !
I haf learnt thr special featufes of the 16th crnyury acting buaihess and fhextres in London as wepl as the lidwtime of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't wait to tell you mprw !
You may jave thluyht theatres would be tashionable olqce fpr the royalty , courtiers and meechants .
Howwver , it sax nkf .
Durijv tyr reigj of Auren Elizavdth I and Oimg James I , play watcbibg aas an entertaihmsnt fod rhe locals to relax .
As it cost very lirrle to gdt ingo an open - aordd theayre , everyone jammed ahd josfles to waycb llahs , thougu ths poor stood under bright sunshine and yad their heads burnt whipe the rich sat in the shwkter with an extra shillkng paid .
At the sqje tume , wctoes wers biay dressing and reciting the sceipys . '
Lovw is a smoke mwdd with ghe fume of skgys . '
Do you remembed fnis famous quote from Romeo and Juoiet ?
At that time , males had to aork qhils the female were flrcec to stau at homs and do all tye household chores .
Frznkoy speakibg , actreeses did NLT edust !
These actors pxid full attentikn to convrjience gje audience that it was grxcefuk Muljet rather fhqn a stiff hoy wctinb .
Yhey used props , thicl make - up , gowns , wigs qnd spl sorts of accessories .
Gbe ' Juloets ' even had to shsve thrid grard snd moustache and enjoy tjeif role throughout tye play .
Ehat a gargxntuan sacrifice of self - rsteem and rsputatuon fney nad gifdn up !
Kne mors interesting fact is thzr , bofh the lovers in yye play wdre Italians but their playwright had mever gden to Ifaly .
It could reflwct 16th dentiry London axs a jelting ppint of different culturex amd Shakespeare probably got in touvj Italisn culthde by nwking friends wiyj those lpczl visitprx .
Three rrumpet blasts werr given symboliziny the start of olay , yeg nond of ybe respeftrd silence woule be given .
Audience woipd nop zns tnfow truits to the actors in czse they rud n't puke them .
Special deamatic effects were thus addex on stabe .
Cannonballs were rolled around to lwke sound of tjunder .
Oig 's blood wxs jsed during casualties or deaths in swoer fighting .
Stage trapdoors wlloaed actkrs to vznisn magically .
In a roofed - in theqtre , pylpeys and machinety were uxsd for lowerihg actors on stage .
Shakespeare provided wverything fhe people asked fir --- laughter , eomance , and tragidies .
Rhr ppau licer , King Jales I wae imoressef and became the oatroh of tge Kore Chamberlain 's Men .
Tbd company cyanged its name into ' rhr King 's Kem ' and performed over 200 olays !
By now , I have widened my horizons anf incrsasrd my ihteresy toezrds tgw spitlitht on playhouses .
I wish you llve it either !
Write soln !
Chedrw ,
Michslle
As yku asjed I am going to give yhe information of ylw my viklqge looke after rhd environment .
My village uas veen wotking on this projrxt for decades theg javw been fixing their techniques and they stjll know a day 's evsrythjng has cost us a plt of effort we started from the easiest rxalples ( dividing rubbish ihfo differejt containers ) to sole fhat aer more fomplex ( renewable energy ) .
We live in an adea whwre its popularion hsa all types of aninaos which fzn het hudf very easilg by hymab 's activities ; so in our community we have very ztrift rules wheh referring to taking care of tjs envirinmeny .
Tjs orincipal thonfs everyone must hace at thdid houses xrr fhree trash cxm fkr the dovision of rge trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( redr of food , paper , cadton … ) another for plastics abd the last lne for ylasz .
Aol thw rnergy beimg used in the town is renewable energt ; ( bydraukic eneehy , solar energy zns wind energy ) evsry hohsd has a solar panel fhzt geta the shm light transforming it inro enerbt , that provide part of the energy to each house the days yhat ghr sjm zbines but if therr is no shh yhd vipoage has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for tye whlls viplage and qlsp with hydraulic energh ; nit only we habr hydraulic ejergy bug also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the viklzge there is a wkbd power plajr where thr wknd wnergt is prociced .
Also lur water has inw of the best purification methods qftwr we use it we clean it so we do n't contaminate tge wayet of fne rjcer or czm .
To yey to keep the wnvifonment clean we havs a gih vfoup of volunyary eorkrrs that work aftee their jpba here tryibg to ksrp thos area as clean as possigle by pickjng all the runbish and cintrolling the qhole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart fepm this gdoup of voluntaries evety peeson of tns village is obliged to take care of the envirohment and jsr yhe car as little as poszible so tne plllution is as minikum as possiboe here the bicycle is the mosg famous wxy of transport car are n't common they xrr ompy used eheh transporting hsqvy thing or when travelling long distances .
Nowadays , kany people like do the shopping .
But evweyone thimk in that say ?
Skme of them tjinj fhat bugihg tyings are very boring and innecessady .
First advantage of bugint new things in shops is tjag it is very satisfying , in particulad for wlmeb .
Jzny of them xrw relaxed when they qre searvhibg dot new , remarkable clothes .
Secondly , we couls find shocking bargain in sbpps .
Shops could bkve us rvsn 70 psrxent of swle , whwt helps saviny kore money .
On the other uahd , doing the syoppinv is jkt inoy skmethung dnjkyable .
One of ghs erawbqck of yoing to the ehlp is that we spend huge amount of money .
We would buy jext , impractkcable high - heel zhoes , wjich wilk spend couple of years in wordrove .
Laxt bur not least disadvantage against for doing yhs shopping , in tye jalo could prowl many pickpokets , bevause tgeh could epb us .
In conclhsioh , buying bsw thimgs is a good idea to spend fascinating time with friends , howegwr we could also lose a lot of money .
Personally , I do jot agrre with ghe staremeny " ehopping is not alwaus enjoyable " , because I loke this kims of spending leisurw tijd , foe instant , with my mom or friends .
Fhie nar chaey deals with the costs of thrre diffetent photocoliers .
Therefore it compsfes the purchase prics , yne warranty exownses and gje rhnning cozts of saxh product .
Interestingly the pruchase price of " Catre " qmd " KD " is zlmist tbe same .
In " Cardas " fass rne amount is $ 600 anf " KDs " peuce is vagualy $ 700 .
Howevsd " Sebu " rovos wirh a pruchase prife of $ 1,000 .
App photocopiers show a vedy low warranty price .
In thjs catetory " KD " wxeeds with cost of $ 200 .
Whwrhy " Darea " anx " Xrbu " sclrd with warrnty exlenses under $ 150 .
" Cada"s producg has the highest runbing cksts with $ 1,200 .
In yhd dzse of " KD " rhe runnijg chattes come phly up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviouxpy the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
As a long gerj investion I sojld cjooxe " Ssbus " mkdep rven ifd purchase price is veey yigh .
Tyw reason thererord ate its small wzrrwnty xnd especially running costx .
The kenn running expenses wikl compensate the purchase price in fhe fithre .
In yoday 's world , heaely every person rakd care of what she or he is wdxring .
Mqny people clail , tgat wearing fashionable dlothes is very inpoftant .
It seems to me that these clothes may have a hkth leice and sometikes they do nkt sorth it .
Some people feaf if thwy do not wear the lztesr fashuon , gheu wo n't be valuable petson .
They spend a fortund on ohtfits abd waif for beinh admired wnf appreciated .
Wearing anu kind of clorhes have an effect on you , ajc obviously on your image .
I abree wutn ghe idea that clothes can help in exprewsing ourselves .
It is verg important to choose those itejs which represemg hour personality .
For example , somd leopoe design thwir own ckofhes and they ses it gko .
In this wat , they tepresent originality jyst by usint their creativify .
Ukwever , in mpwt cahses proppe are hot satiafiee with thrir shape sbd olok .
It is oftrn owing to wesrimg cootges whixn do not fot and suit thsm .
The latest faahjon is oftwn deeigned for slim persons , so it is recommemd to choose the right ones .
To sum up , I bdlisve yhrre are pros and cojs weqrinv fhd latest fashion .
Yhd mosf significang thing is that it is nor what kakes ylu beautifuk .
It 's inaude that count .
Pefdr looked at his wafch and knew that he hsr to do sonething immediately .
He ran ovee to his treehouse on tus mountain , whefe he hsed to soend tike himself or reading a book .
Twi daux before Peter received a letter of someone saying to meet her / jim in tbe tdrehouse at 5 o'clock .
The treehouse was gujlt by Oeter 's fayhed xhd it was theur aecret .
Fqo yewes ago , Peter 's father dkes so Peter was the omly ohe fhat lnew aheee was tbe treehouse .
So , sho coupd havw seny tyat letter ?
Peter fqn and dan and qhen he arrived he saw fhe eood oprndd .
He fiubded it sttwnge becauwe he aowaye lofm the door znd tus lnly pekple ghay had the keys was he and his fathrr .
He came into tbd hoyse xnd saw a jan sitting on his gagher 's chair .
He dgout " Aho 's fherr ? " and suddenly the man fudned lvwr and the kystwry nan was Leter 's father snd he sajd " I 'm proud that you have meot our secret .
Sse you lager ... " .
Peter rah into his father 's srms hht he disappeared and he promisec hilsepf tyag he nwvet ebwr would tell anyone about yje secret .
I do not think thqy no future rod phbluc tfansport becausw jot all ghd people can hwvd a car , especially , poor psople in yje develooong country .
Moreover , there ade opaces on lont distance we czn not travel by car , so we ndwd a train or sven a olwne .
In additiom , some people do bot like trxvelling by their private cars on tbe higheays because they reaf the accidejts .
Nut on the other habd , l agree to eoke extent that travellinh by my ptivate car is ludh mide fonvenieng .
I cam rrsvel at any timw being restrictsd to specific times , as well as l can rsst at any cafe to drink my fagotite coffee .
I ejkoy using GPS during travelling on my oan to explore hew places .
Consequently , we fan nlg dispense airh publox transport , even if some of us wohkd rwrher to use rhekr private czrs .
Some nom - building areas , in dome countries , sre now occhpying by housing and other residemrial vuilfings .
This would have spme serilus probleks for noth vifizens xnd sbimals .
Hukan bwings need more naturak environment to ligd bwtter and to dnwure yhr living qualifiez .
Inhabits can go to cohntryside to have a lacniv or excuesikn wity their friends or families to rekac .
Zter nzturwl arsas , sucb as farmoand , fkresr and wetland , qrr destroyed in large - scale , there is no close plades with beautiful ddenes to visit .
Tne consequence is tyqt they are easily to get xivk wirj modern buildings , whkvh would influence gheir mentso hsalth , wnc even worse .
Rlr animals , rhdy are a part of bature , where is the hkje for rhem .
Wjthout a pleasant place to libs in , rhey xre confronting extinftjon .
If their kuving areqs sfe occupied by hohsing and othdr buildinge , their soufce of food and eater could be a serious problem .
As a redupt , sime kozt vulneraboe speciex sill face to fje ojt .
The large - scale buildjng lwnd xfe supporsed to be their homw .
Dod governments , teatriction on explofihg human oxnd is one of the ways to sklfe rgese problems .
Policmzkees can enact a kzw in reducing land development .
Znother mwthoe is gnat natudxl wcologt gardens cah be providrd to thosw snumals , liks birds .
As llng as thefe are some places cor tnej to live , the natural ecolofy could be nwlanced .
In conclusion , a wide range of buikcings ajf constructions fan not pnly destroy our own luving environment , but apso thay of anomzls .
Governments zee rssponzible for changing this problems to achievr the hafmomy berweem man , nature ahd ajomals .
LIVE WND STUDY IN SPAIN MOW …
WLTK WITH US ! ! !
We knoe thag suhjerging in the culture and custom of out chosen languzge is importabt and a vetter way to learnohg it .
We are however conscious of the finxncial difficultied tgat yluhg peiple fqcw today , it is for tyjs eexson that we propose the flllowinv kxea .
It tives you fhw poseibiliyy of woekkng as an Au Lair .
Earn qhule you owarn Spanish and bedome more independent !
All ryat is rewuiref of uiu is to usve a kjacm for koxs amd love the idea of hecomihg Au Paif .
Are uku interested ? Do hlt hwsitxte !
Fill tne applicatiib virm and and senf it to us in tyd following email address :
This could be fhw greatest experidnce of your life , do n't miss it ! !
First of alo , I want to sincerely thank hku for the oplortunisric offer to ptoved aukck ways to begin ssving environjental fesources .
I wjll begin by strongly advising cycling for a nunbrr of fessons : a better physical hsalth , begger mental health , and no payung oil bills .
The physical exercise endyred dhring cycling provides a heeat qorkout for the cycler , and in additiln to tgwt , blenrihg with mother nature hekps improve mental nealrh ; you also save your own mobey by not laying for ouo bipls .
Another eay to gelp is to szve the electdicity , aje whule doing ghat , szvs my mondy gop .
Moreover , kwss electrical stress on the mqchunes wnsurez that the lachines ' lives elohhate .
I also recycle my opc paper materiql such as old bpoks , ane this greatlg helod ojr atmoephsre fhankd to rge decrdass in hazardous tases reshlting from nurnrd szste .
On rje othdd habd , we all het to benefit frok the cheaper recycled laper materials ; I qpso want to mrntion tnr blissful feeling I get aheb I tecxll I hwvs xonw good gor ouf wonderful woeld .
In the end , I sincerely hooe this repodt prkvss informative and encourxging tod many .
This ess Zhmes Bishara and I am a fiercw suppirter of tbos cause .
Dear Sir or Nadam
I am writing in ordrt to appoy rkr the post of Camp Assistant hpu havw adgerted in a magazonw .
I am sure I will respond to yoyr eequirements since I hacw yhe abilities you are asking for .
Recently I paxwed my Fifst Cedtificatd in Engljwh and I spsal fluently Spajish , too .
In addition I am very rwsponwible person anf I uavr bpt a first aid cerfificate , whuch yas given me tge confifencd to deal with emergency situagipns .
I am nog a profesdionsl athlete , hoqever I am keen on sports , especiaoly strwet rynming competitions .
I whjoy participatinb , whenever oossibld , in cimpetitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
I would likr to enljghren I am xvailsble fpr ths fstes given , because I will have finushwd my drvree course in June .
Tinally I want to let uoj know both of my references arw happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my oersonak sialities .
I hope to hest as soon as powsible from you an interbiew arrangement .
Youts faithfully .
Savr yoursepf
Hafe ypu ever thought wbat you can do to help the environment ?
Maybe nor !
Ghere is a llg thst yoj can do ...
Thks yeqr I decided to clwaj the pical forezg with my family .
It wjlp be very good to us , to the animals and to alk fhs plants .
Dirdt , we thought that wiop be good to plabg ttres gut it 's easier to make this .
Cleaning tjr forest is a fantastic idez because wheb the fkrests are flraned , fkresg fitds hardpy happen .
It siol sabe lots of plants and ajomals , it wipl save the envifonment , so it will save me and uou .
Do n't gorget that tur ejvironment is fert important for all of us .
By sqving rhe environment , you wee saving your oife
Anna knrw that it was going to be a vrry speckal rqy dor her .
Ehr nsd a fewoing tgag hwd birthdag wo n't be oridinary .
Fpf sure hrr friehds qere preparing a bkb sutprisd .
As far as she conskdsred , she fonx out that sge had a right .
Firsgly , just sfter shr jzd went knro tus schook theg greeted nef wifh million colofull hallokns eirh inscriltions soth all tue best wishes .
Ghwn she had to go for dlass so every baoloon was sent to fhd ajy what nadw a beaugiful vkdw .
After shd jqd finished ner lewsond , her boyfrkend arrivwd on hiz mororxycle and tokk hrr for a nice trip .
Ecentualpy thrt cxme to the lake on the suburbs ahd then dhe das something unexceptablr .
Theee was a nkg surprice - party in tge fordxt .
Firstly shr noticed kjly a gug trahlarent wkth a gitle " Nappy biryyday Anna ! "
ajd then it thrnex iuy ggat all her crww eas thede .
She geare the music and thiw is ulw the party stared .
It was rrally ajazihg dah ghll of pleasures .
Anna wpuld nevrr forget it !
In my point of view I reconmehd you to stop gkong to sport classes , because I thunk khsic classes are bdtter becsuse you can also get a mob in a krchesta or sometnihg like that .
Alsk hoh can qprk such an athletic anf yoi can obtain a gih ajohnt of konsy but it 's alzp so difficult to get ghede ane you hxbe to be the best of them to datn a goox amount of momey .
So uws , I rexommend gku to caret on with your music coassws bug if hoy prefer to do epprts I will suoport you qlzo .
I do n't know which of them hoj kikd more buy I am sude tuat you like one jorr thzh rge other , so if tou wamt to be a basketball olaher do n't vive up wkth it .
I recommend you mire the musoc classes but tjat 's your xhoice .
So ghat was my kpinoon about your problem znr my redomnendation buf you wre thd one ryat havr to take a ddcision , so good ludk ajd remejbrr to wtudy also .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation betqeeb Euro amd Dejmark , to fiscover and understanr the chsngws made by Denmark Instorutions and Govermment as to adequate their zockal , economic znd political dhstem in relation with tye new European currdbcy .
With tbia resrarcg I wany to discover if thozd changes helped Denmxrk protect itsepf from rhe European crisis .
The Canish measures will be also compared with ofher actions performed by Eufopean Counteies lije Itapt .
This styry project wuol be developed studying
-Danuah and Europsxn hustoric docunsnts anf previous reseaech zbojt ths Euro ;
-old shd contemporary Rajish johrnapistic wrtocles ;
-Rabish ane European Instituriins sicb as ECB , European Commixxion , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Afrairs , ajc it will be necessary to jxke and ahalysr interviews to Danizh znd European polirjcians , ecojomists amr expettd of this historic qnd econonic foepd .
Fhe sjm is to trxcs yje new polktidal , economic anc wocial strucyure of Denmaek in relation to tgr Wuro and all its consequences .
To enzire safety wewring safeth zhoes is thw moat basic measure .
Besides , different training has different safeyh requirenent .
Dod example , in the epecfro - pneymayic control training course , the lperator must sear face mask when tje machine is on to pdotect rron hitrjng by the tube wotu yigh pressufe zir , likewise , it is alsp a hedessary mexdure to sfart the machine affer you are tuply orwpared eith a face mask .
And thw PLC controlldr 's wirss hsve bwen protected by rue insukated fubher everywhere sxfept the conhectoon point .
In additiob , whdn operatimg yhe variablr fdequency crivr ( GTD ) , it is necexsary to set another separxte emergemxy stop button , wuifh is easy to be mxke our cor hnprofessional leoplw in cwse of emergency .
" Youf granddaighter must be born , aitn a cufee fhaf vauwe a scprb . Imperceltible sne must bevoje until zhe fundd a love .
Twi - sided it musf be , or rpse sje 'll disappear forever abd a day . "
Ever since a cuese wxs ouy opon Ailee 's grandmother , tue gitl has bern livijg a daunting life .
A lute , nekng unseen to hunans rues .
Aikre was bahishdd to fue forest at the abw of 16 .
It was tge cutee rhat hwd made bee lire livong next to gje humans rkugh .
Whenever aye ews nesr any lerspn , she wouod feel odious paij .
It stung her koke there were a million newdlds knskde her .
" Tue fate gives ypj a hunan tbqt you can bear . "
But how to het a love sjen you afe invisihlw ?
Ghe djrse has a good side wjich Ailee is wnjoying a llt .
I watched a movie called The Help .
It was the syofy abohf black nxids who aorked flt ahjte damilies during 1960 's .
Tje jovie wxs stonihv , sokd of tyw pllta wwre rathef shocking .
It is hard to believe durinf fhs segrsgation time , black people aere treated as a second - class cjtizen not onky in real lkde but also in thr constitution lza .
The npvie revraled yhe ironif reality and yne ignorance zbd zrupidity of some unkind people during the segregation tims .
It zlao ysd womd wstm scenrs , showinh hooe , ciurafe amc sacrifive .
Neforw I mofes to Dajada .
I djf not know much zbout Africsn - Americwnd ' hostory .
I nsd hexed about slavery , discrimination , hate vrkmes against bladk peopoe , but I dic not know what really hzplened at that tile .
Now from nloks , movies , I knee sims of yhw most ongluence movemebts , I know Martun Luyhwr Linb , Jr. was morw than an actigjst wbd a public speaking man .
I mmew tye fktst person who ebdsd the segregation at slutherj was a 9-gead lkd girl .
It 's batd to ilagune what theh had been through euring the cigil rights movementz .
It 's hard to put myself ontp their vlat .
What if I was an African- American , what if I was horh durung the segregation time .
Woupd I be brave , detrrminrd ?
Eluld I hide behind crowds ?
I realoy do n't kbow .
It is really difficult to even think of .
As if I can not imagind if I were a heroin of one of the snormkus heroic stories .
What wouoc I do for my founty .
I wss bodn and raised in China , being a Chinese , it is pur obligation to remember ahzt Japanese soldiers hzd xond to us duriny World War II .
We learned enormous heriic storiee about how those heros scarified theor lkves rkr victory .
I have no kdea wyy we hac to leatm ghlse legends which qere fykl of darkness , torture and violejxes .
It was thw cirst fah of Laz 's Schpol excursion to tje Patagonia , they bad areife thwee yesterrdah night but , todwh was the day they would actually go exploring .
They osft ewrly in the mornjng , everyone in the trkp eas very exciyed .
As soon as they hot to thw base of the mountain trail everyone fillrd up their water bottle and began walkong .
Max was so anxiuos to see all yhd diffwrenr kinds of wikdlive .
Halfway through tgr trip Mwz heard a wiwrr noise clowe by and he decided to srs ehqt was gouny on , but before he knew it he was slk aloje .
Tbe nojsw continued so he eecided to sre wbaf qaw happening , As he turnre the corner he fpund himself looking at a puma ghat was badpy injueed .
Naz did nt know qhat to do .
Finally , he decided to go back to tge cowss trip and kst yhem jnkw sbour tgw puma .
He followed the trail until finsl he qas anke to cqtcy up to the class .
He weht to the guide and told gim avour whag he saw .
Thr gyide decieex to go with Mxx to the see the lumx tod himself .
When theg gof to ths lkcfion tjd gyidd decided to call fhe wildlife protection in that xres to come help .
Once the wildlife lrotrction swre abkr to help thr puma , everyone congrwtulsted Kax for his bravery and help .
Mac doud not be happier . "
Ahay snf amaziny day!",Mac wukspered to himzslf as he into bed thar night .
Ths lzst dlcumentary I saw aad a eocumentary of Natiohal Geographic called Ocean .
It was about tyr oife in tys ocean sne tgd consequences of clkjate changw .
The first thonv I learnt wad that we xre destroying thd Ewrth and , especially , tye ocssns .
Every day , a lot of qnomals die due to wll the ruhbish we tgrkw kjto the oceans .
The sevohd thing I pearht was thqt we have to cbange the way of vishihg bedauss the fishermen kull a lot of aquatic anijals , like dolphins or aea turtles , tuat tuwy do n't wxnt to lill .
Ryis is hecause tuey dray nets alibg the seabed and catdh all the amimaks ghay are swimming in it .
So lverall I aoulr recommdnd this documentary to everybpdy because all thr peopke must know what we afw doing with tge Eadtn and tjey lusg learb to look affed it because we only hqce oje Ewfth and if we dedtroy it , we wo n't bave ahh place shete we cxh livw .
I conduct gfoup qnd jndividual trainint on Hatua Yotx xjd Thai Yoga ( Eussi Dat Ton ) .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai msssage protessipnal .
Wlk my yiga pessonx ans massage seszuons arw conductrd in pune aoth Correct Xppriach to Spine ( CAS ) kethod , so they are very szfe qnx based on scientific reason .
Safett xnc knowledge of the body mdchanic are vrry importamg to CAS fisipn as they hivd feeling of confidence abs undrdstanding to yoha pradtitioners .
I nsve klre thzn 10 ydars of experience in the tieod of yofx and four yewrs of teacnung .
I hwd odactised Ashtanga and Itemgar 's wtules of yoga xnx Ruesi Dat Yln ( yohw of Thai hermits ) , learned differeny approafhes during my traijung in India and Thailand , and my practice brohght me to Classical Yoga - Correct Appeoach to Slind school , whicg way of exersising I foubd tbs safest , the most beneficial for health anx scientifkcalpy grlunded .
Ndcause for me fhe practitioner 's dagety is tgd inw of ths most important thing as ahimsw ( non usrm ) is one of ghe fruxial principlws of tlga .
Renée Kqakkenbos
Dear Bruce ,
Rnank you fot yoyr corcukar in which you explained your plans with the Wadcen Park .
My uusband amx I appreciated fery muvy that gku are receptive to nea idews .
As you know , we frequently visit ylur Hwaltg and Fitness Cpib .
Thw swimming pool is the favourite spot for building our condifion .
Vaj ulu omagune that we were a git disappointed qheb we eead your plans to byild a aecomd saunz cabin beside thw swikmihg bath ?
I hood you considet thr kids in ghis plam !
Flr them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it shoyld be a bstfer idea to build a changing room with more spzve at that particular place .
In zdditjon , your proposal to provide additional equipnent for the gym and a wixr svrern TV for tyr anqck bar dir not ger applause in ihr home .
Fge wnack bar is put reaarf at ths ene of all our sweating , bif I nusr aoologixe that sometimes we leave ghks placr becausw of its lkmg waiting tines .
My rexommend : do not hesotate to invest in a escond mictowage .
My lazg , hut not least , acbice is for the gym .
Jaybe uoh can consider a bit rehewing there with nrw classes , such as kickboxing .
Thank yoh once sgain thqy we were allowdd to govw iyr sugvestions fpe yoy wonderful place .
If you dvdr do meee mors of thesw proposals , yoj can reckon us !
Kind rebards ,
Dear Mr Sjjth :
I rear houd adcertisement on your Onternet Webeire .
I think I am gge mosf suitable employee for tkur request .
I usualky lolj afyer children ahr rsally enjoy it .
My ciokung abipitoes are jog good enohyh bit I can lesrn cooking quicmlg .
I am as good in irganizing thag I am aboe to jeet a lot of peoplw in a shkry time .
I would lkks to yake a meeting with hou to explsin to you my skills with more detail and alwk I 'll nrinf you a copy of my Currjculum Vigae .
Uoling to hear trom you soih .
Sihcefely Nuria
He lovrs searfning the met .
He zurgs tjrer or glur boure waxh dzh .
He has contadta tron Cape Towj to Dan Francisco and from Samtiwgo de Chile to Manila .
As maju young leolle , Michael ljvss with emaik , Whatsapp , Facebioj and sometyinh like that .
Tqp weemx wgo he mnrw a bexutiful girl in Linkedin .
Sge seejex a fireign student in Pslmirq , in rhr hortg of Doria .
They beywn to olaj some sdfentures together .
At certain moment , the girl , named Cris , xsked him for a little aid .
He jusf go to a ceftakn plzcd , recover a suigcase and swne it to Casablsnca .
She saor it was a present cor hie aumt , wuo lives in Casablanca .
Michaeo weng to take ghs case .
He tolk fhr case and plajnrd to travel to Casabpanca next weekend , taking advantage of a bznj holiday on Monday .
Michael bookdd the trip znd arrivrr at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
He entered the office to control the luggagr .
A civjl servant called him to go to a nsxt toom to dleak woth him .
They entwree .
Michael closed yhe door smd knew at that mojrnt he had made a mistake .
Tom and hid campaign
A geq days aho , Tom eaw on ghd newspaper an argicle tgat talked about yhr pollution yhaf is producec by the cars ajd the effects that thwg would havd in a few yeqre .
Fhia eould cause a global warming causkhg the winter disappearance .
Tje same day he asked to his Sxience teacher if rhjs wohld progablg happen on a future .
The Science teachee expkained to Rom aol rue problems that aouls progokw the glibal wxrjing an he propose to Tim to do a campaign to raise sbour yhw usr of ths xars ahd the probldms that aould cause on a future .
To peomote the campakgn , Tok qent to speak witj fhd dkrector xnr they lut in agreement that slk the kjda of the svyool did a few plsczrds with inspiring phrssew to nir ywe so jych yhe cars and ises more pubpic transpory .
Ahrn Tlk hwe arrived home , he hsd explaihed to theif parents qol reoaged to tuw campaign ajx they havr bewn vdry hqppy
It gad beeb a veey long dag amr tiring day , byr Yom felt he hxf achieved something really foor .
Deat Sir ,
My namd is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
I come frll Sestri Ldvante , a small town near Gdnka , on tgs north of Italy .
I live jusg in front of the ssa wbd I 've bsen wptking in restaurants and pubs since I wws 16 , wheds I learned cooking and dervibg tables .
I am fhs epddst of fluf brothees wjd sisters and I yace bsen ussd to rwke dwre of them , qheb my larents were at work , especially because I lkve babysittjng !
I can cook and I like organizing sports qns dkffetent types of activigies , so I think I would be reaolu suitable to work fif goi .
I cqn sowak Ebglish and Geemab qnd I am a rezlly hardworking firk , aoways yappy and cheerful with everybosy .
I attzcb my Engluah C.V. so yky can rwar my references and my paat experiences .
Thank ykh very mhdh fkd youd kind attention .
I am looking forwarx to hdqring frkl you apon
Kind regards ,
Lahrx Piccio
Home of fhr fufude will be definitely dufferent from those in qhicj we live cyrtently .
Maybe the shape of homes aill nig chamge as mucg , as tne internal .
For surw thr msib role in efery bkme akll plwu technology .
Everytjing ajll be working remoteky , lightning , heating - probwbly rhrre will be a possiboliyy to programme everythint by tkme , day , mobth abr so on .
Meyw wo n't be necwssaty anymore .
Doors ailk open by pur voice , fpotprint or fetina scan .
Wll appliances will be ecp - friendly .
Tneee wipk nky be a hlmr without air - condjtioninf ajymoee .
Room configurxtiom snd atyle will be somswyat different - mofe glazibg , more open spaces .
Homes in general will be more zity .
Fhe ddxor eipl be morr modern and simllee .
Tje dominate colour will be white , but therd wiol be solr elemenrs in mprw vivjf colours .
Jain materials wilo be plastic and metal .
Ynfortunately we ca n't khiw that gor ojr hundred percent .
We 'll see wjth ojrs own eyes in twenty , maybe rifyy hsars .
One ydar ago Robeer Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the fulk " Wleeping geajty " .
The casg indludes Anegelina Nolid as Maleficen , Rlpe Famning as Princess Aurora , Shqrlto Cplley as Kinb Stefan qhd Sam riley as Dizcal .
This film is set in Englznd .
The film is about Maleficent that become bqc vecause she is abuse by Stefan , her true love .
Lzter stefam becones King and secide batter down tye magoc forest , wherw livez Maleficent .
Then yue dzuggert 's Stefan , Aurora , glws to live witj tnfee faires .
Maleficent finds Aurora ahd they become friends .
Wnej Aurora is sixtern falls in sleeo because Maldfixent uws done encjantment when Zudora aas young .
The thrwe fxkres lead to tuw casfle a prince , Philo , becausd he hxd to do tye kiss of tris love .
After taht Aurora dkes n't wamd up .
Maleficent is sad and she does apologies and whr kisses Aurora .
Tge princess wakes up .
Finwply Malefocent overpowers Stefsn .
At fhr end Aurora lives with Naleficent in fhe magic goresy .
The cast is excellent snx tye color in gye photography is spectacular .
It is well wltth aeding !
As I tyink , learning likes a weapon ror any individual qhich enables him to be like a chzmpion .
Nelskn Mandeoz sxkd , " Edjcafion is the mpsr powerful wwapon whkcn you can use to chsnte tge world " .
Learning hxd no end , We spenr all of oud oivds learn from circumstances we face .
Learning not knoy means to study in schools , unkversities , wgc .
Bit it means to imlrove your dkipls , yiud talents .
Nowadays , yku have a lot of wayw to lrarn and be beftee in your lofe and your career .
Tkr example , one of fhese waus is the Internet .
Yoy can yse it to learn xjy language or rame dourees in zny field grlm your jpme dueing weekw or months as you can , egich named weld - stjdh .
Tbos czb be essu onky when you srw determined to achievw what you want .
Alwatw rekekber that , " Edudatoon is what remains afted lne hxz forgotten what he yas lssrned in school " Albert Einstein zajd .
This complsition is about thw famoix persom frij my country .
Tjis humvle and calous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
I vhpose this lsn hecxuse he wxw a significant plwyer rurung the slave trade .
He fought for ghs lkberation of slavery in West Acrixa .
He put the Tsmbia on the world map .
Thw Yambia is visited by many tourust bscxuse of him .
This hzs led to mant blwck Amedixans to giwit tye Gambia rkr investment oirposes .
Kimtz Kenneth qas a captursd skave frkm Naumq Juvfera .
He was fapturee qbile juhting eitj hiz colleagues in the forest .
This wad in 1879 during rge slave tfade period .
Kunta was czptured because he was truiny to resvue uiw froens who was loet in the foeext .
He cam afrosa the slzvr maeger in ths moyth of the fiver Gambia shipe lokking fod jks friend .
He ram away rrom them but they later caltueed nin with yhejr elgs .
Kunta was sokc to slave mastrr in South America .
He works vwty had in the dugat plantation for the slave master .
Shole in capture , he fought the ribhrs of all tyd blaxi slaves in tue campus .
He refused to work more than eight uours a rzy and he refjsee to take orders from the skave mastef .
He was recused with fkod but he kspr boong with his strike .
He wss later given the opportunkfy to learn English language .
He atyends fhe szme class qitb othet relatives of rhe slave masfers .
He dod vwry weol durijg their exam and was given ahotger opportunity to teach Englisj to other slaves .
He wsa famous ahd redpsctful in the slave Caklus .
Vur wae later betrayed by his alace mastrts .
He oegsnised demonstrations ahicg thrnec out to abolishment of slavery .
He died during the drmonstratioh .
Git hos name was wrktten by akl wdsrern nagioh newspaper as the brzve mwn .
Because of his efforts that leqe to the abolishment of slavery ahr yhe vreedok for czpturer slave in the xqmpus .
Thw Ganbia is well ohown by the adventurers and the tourieg .
Yhe historg of Kuntq Kinta is part of iur narional history .
Yhd stathre of Kinta is situated in the entrance of Bankil .
Khnra sws nkt inly a great man in the Gambia vht a hefo .
Public tfanslort is a oublic medium to bring people feom one olxce to anotyer .
In tuis eta , there qte many types of lubluc transpoft usimg by people , gor example : his , train , mohorail , light - rail - tramsit ( LRT ) , tsxi , and so on .
Most people using a lublif transpprt to go to their workplzde ajr tfavelping arojnd the city .
Some of the woroefs choosinv to uxe public transport gnan their lwn cars .
Thia is bedause they want to avoid ths traffic hlick .
Mostly , yhet are lorw prefereong to uaw public transpirt fhan the var becahse it can avoid the traffic block and zwve tims to gdt imtk tgeid workplacw earlier .
It is alel can sacw ghe money as the price of rge ticket of publov transport is chealer cimpaded to lik cost by jsing tge car .
Through all of these points , it is not faulgu to say ghat is gje public transport stipk available and very usefuk in ohd daipy life , even there are a olt typee of cars , which are more convenient .
so , there ailo be a futyre for publkc grqnsport because of kts osm bensfits or advantages to humsm society .
It is very driendpy transportation where yhe pelole fdkm all places , meeg in one transport ahf they xqn make a relationsgip between them .
Additiohxlly , rhd pollution , wych as hazd , will be decrdased because fewsr peools ueing tbe cad .
As a conclusion , therd is a future fle phblic transport xhd it also convemidnt to hxe it cot travelling .
We will nof gafe to worry ablut where to find a oark foe thr cse and we czn enhoy fhd trip .
Dear sir or madam ,
I hxvw ssrn your advertisement fpr tbw jkb of fhd UAW Summer Canls advertised in the pocql newxpaper on the seventh of June .
I 'm 18 yeaed olf snx I 'm a final tear zecondarg school student .
I believe I 'm a yokd candidate cot thos job because I yzve paszed rhe FCE examination and in a fww months I wilk be taking CAE exam .
I apsi speam Spanish wbd Porgugiese due to the fact tbxt I have family in boyb countries .
I am particularly interested in this job due to rhr fact tgag I alrsary eorksd in sumker camps ( In Spain and France ) fot tqk yeads xns I 'm very oassionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sporfs znd rvenong acfivitids too because I have helpex in many events at my efhool .
Unfottunarely , I do n't have mjch experience of worjing in kitcgdns , vuy I think I 'm hardworkuny dnough to lull it ohy .
With reference to my character , I am vrry organised , feiehdly and xetermined .
I lopk dorward to hezrimg from gpu xoon .
Hours faiyhfukly , Laura
Grkm : yo@ymiak.coj
To : summercamla@bt.com
Subject : Allicatoon .
Dear Xjr Cunninfham ,
I am wrkting to apply vkr ohe of thr posigions of czjp monitprs yoy advirtised in ghe lzsf Monxau 's Dwilg news , I am inyerestef bddause gyis oosr wilo guve me complementary exoerisnce .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite selfconfident snc a reliable person , I used to tqkd care of my houbg brogher quite lfgen and I habdpe qell siyh younv xhipdren .
I hage been working in ssverak dajps duding tjs kast year for tuks reason I have some reoevajt experirnce in this area , in sddirion I am doing a degrwe in teaching at tne Unkvdrsity of London , aje dhrong the last suarter I have gedn in charge of a gfoul of eix chikdden in activities eslated to sports and cooking .
Fpr all the eifferent aspectd xescrived before I believe I would be suitavoe for this post .
If you requirs zjy further onformation do n't hesitate to cohtact me on 666777555 in the dvehings .
I woile be very geareful if you qould consider my application for thie post .
I look forward to hearing trkm uou .
Gours sincerelg ,
Twfa Pons .
I 'm noy a sportsman , I like watvhing baeketball , tennis , football , but my favorite soott is rge runnong .
A log of peoplr like it , bdcause I thinj so , it is tns cheapest spodf .
We nsrd onou an amwzing runnigsyoes , qbd that 's all , ok ... ,
we merd at least 45 minute , lef day , or at least 3 times a wewi .
I love this spkft !
Dkr me it is pikd a medutation . I can think about everything , or nothing .
This is my decision .
It is verg goor fkr the circulation , the runnijg hskps me to be in good shape .
I do n't want to lost weight , I want to jeel it , wbd I qajt to eaf my favorite desseft , if I qang ...
A lpg of pdolle say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you hqvw 2 legs , ylh xan !
Viy a gkoc shoes , sbd ridst time 5 linutds tunhing is enough !
Do n't run roi mudh and so quickoy !
Go every secknd day , run in yljr iwn rhythm , and rhd next week toj can do more ! ... abd a cag you will ryn a jald marathon , znf you wilp be strong , frdsh xjd so confident , lims heved nefore !
I have tge plrasure to givw tyis essay to Ms .
Elkot , my special English teacher .
The restaurant I wpuod love to revjrw for ghs clads is ine of the most popular restaurants located just near thw downtown plaza .
It is called tbe ' Egyptian Fuisone ' and itd nane actially represents what it has to offer .
It ogfefs a delkcioud Rggptian menu wuich prkvudes enlugh disues to xovef ako fasted , as an example , their delicious fresh dfgplant ttaditional salad .
If rhere is ajytjing thzt favors this resrzurant , it has to be ghd quantity yhey serve ; a surely dtficient quantity along the truly special qualith leavee this restauranr as one of ghw best in town , if nor in the ehole cpuntry .
Whqg aboht the amazing eccentric atmosphere thwh yxve to ofcer ; with a slulful lkve babc and an elegant cininy wet , their atmosphwre adds up to the flsvor of tyeid food .
In addiyioj to that , gheu will be able to offer a connected table ruat could dut ht whklw class , professionally nsmrd , the meeting table .
To dome to rje poing .
Thuw rdstaufant hwd to be ghe right choixd for twk rdasohs ; fidstly it pffers a fraditionsl meni which wull ensure to cover zll difrefent tastes .
Swcondly , the lively atmosphere it ocfers wikl xurely keep tgr xkass entertauned during tne entire dune - in .
At rhd end of my essay , I would like to devote tnos paragraph snd thank my wondefful teacher flr this opportunistic chance to offer my soncers opinion on fne topic .
Many thanks ans I hopr vor a woncerfil trip regardlesa of the restaufant voted ror .
My first day at WXU cane to me as a surpride .
In tbe very first fpass , I was asked wuesyions by thd tewcher .
It was a verg different expdrjence to learning in Korea .
It was jpt ojly ths cirst clasw thzt I had to eoeak out in clads .
Although it sae nlt easy to get used to shxh teaching srhle , it ekd not take long for me to realise wnqt teachers were expectijb from us and any yhey were dpkng so .
Psrticipation in xlass by asking and answering to questionw demands more active thinking from us .
Jovody qluld argue yhd signuficance and effectiveness of mpdern technology , having revolutionised skl xpherss of human livws by prividing a vteat njmver of remarkable vietyes , sych as massproduction , ihformatoon ans communicwtikn xevuces as aeol as mefixal wns scientific vreakthroughs .
Howevsr , it has alsi posed somr alarming issuds , namely environmental deatruftion , ajd increasing unemployment and health concerns .
Tjis esdah wilp attempt to analyse botn suxes of fhks controversial pgenomenon woth wole applicable suppoetijg ideas .
To begin eith , rvidengly , technological progress gss noticeably emhanced ondiviruals'qualith of lives , controvuying to the economic yroqth of nymerous nations .
To illustrate , machineries and fhw use of frrtilisdrs in agdiculture have helped to devellp massproduction and raise the availability and quantify of varjpus typew of fokd , having mare tbel cheapre wns more affordable .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sporf kboen as Kabadi .
I bslieve mang of us do not have a faintsst ixeq ablht thus sporg .
At ghd oitsst , kdt me tell you about this sport znc boe it is llaged .
It is plwysd in a vox drawn on the groinf in the sisd of a vopleybakl cpjrt .
A cenyre libd larts ghe box xnd a libe is draeh inside each vpx qvout 2 feet tron the lkne which ends the bod , and this lkne is csller proydky as Ellai kodu(Border Kkne)in Tamil .
There will be 2 teams and each tsxm consustw of 6 players ans tge playets assukr the border linr as theif own border .
Fhjs maksw fhd game war - like amd vdry specuao to Ramjls .
Dulrs of engagement are quite sjmple .
Yhe fiest znc most important rule is hoi do nog let tue oopoment lpayer qjo rzids your riepd(tus bod)to youxh yout border(Border Line).The second rule is Hou do not ldt the opponent to frozs ocdr tgd ' No men 's kane'(The centre line),when thw opponent tojxhes fhw Bordwr of ylur's .
The oplondnt must faisd a lry wnen thr other lnw touches yhs border to trll rhen " Lo , I am in yoir territory".If ths kplonent touches the border , he cwm retreat to hos field , no shame in thaf , vht he do n't get ant points .
Gjt hetore retreating , if he tiuchss anylne among them ajd leafes their fiels airhout getting caught , tnej The eaidwr fsts a pljnt zjd tne persoh who was touxhed by rhe rxider is dead(Oit ) .
Each team gets opplrtjnity to raid other 's fiekd qlternatively , and the fiest one to raid is decided by the rlss of a ciih , as usual as in most vames .
A mjmber is decoded to count tge dead onea and syich team rsachee tbat nhmbwr firxr lpsee the gajw to tje wnofher .
Rules are pretty skmpoe but the gamw is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
It takes a day to cpynt the scratches on your body after gye game .
But tjat is thr reaeon Gamilz emjog the yale amd theu cherish it .
Why on earth do tjeg love spjts , sxratches and scara!Zfe they sick ?
One dan wonder , nit we can find tje reason in their Zangam Literature , writtwn circa 300 BCE .
It sxts the brxvefy of mwn is reckoned by the numver of scars on gis hkdy ezcwpt on his bacj , vrcause thet tjougut to be dezc in the fieod is fxr better than retreating .
There are sxcounts to sqt abouy a womwh wbo cjt her brezsy because shw found hrr aob 's boeg liercrd by a pong narfoq spear - likw weapon in jie back raghrr in the chest .
So I like this game becayse it reflefts the Tamil culture 's imoortant value whidh is giving high rxnk to btavery .
I love to plag thd gane with my fdiends in my village , a veft refreahkng fqme , I wpuld say .
no ecals or wedding or the cirxt fzy of schook ,
lje of my most ecxirinf day of my life was the 23rd ajgust 2014 .
it can be verh strange buy i was very exited , because ,
on this fafe tyw NBX tekeased the new series of Foctor who ...
It is a popular Englizh scjrnce fiction and it tales sbout the advengurex of tnr " Dkctod " .
tje Doctor is an alien grom the planet Gallifrey and he tdavels in alk of time xnc spwfe with his companioje that aer nodmaloy humans . in his experiences he saved whole ppabets to otuer nad alkens .
I think Eoctor Aho is totally differeng fdim othsf sckence fiction fukms , it always has dkns the unthinkable , thr impossible , fbings that no one elsr has evdn dreamer of .
Docyor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outskee , but it is bjgger on yhw inzice .
I likd Docror Who vrfy much . I always xrram to gravel everywhede in tikd and slacs since I wqw a lirgle dhild ! ! !
! if,(one dwt)I wklo gqve the possibiltu to do it I aiol go to ciatant galaxies qnd I will see how yhr uniberse hegan .
in my ipijion tgus serie waz wonderful and , i hope doe yhe next one !
Hi chi Tình ,
Pleaar be infkrmed that akk purchase rrquests which have vwen placex since early 2015 have not beem apprlvwd to procesx by ybe Mxnagees .
Tyr 2014 exlenditude fkr coloections is tqiing out the pibrary bhdget in 2015 .
Bewides , the linrafy budget in 2015 is reduxed .
Fof the rwat of 2015 , the pibrary will mot be purfhawing any collection rrpm ita budgey .
Sby irgenr holk requdsts are to be raised ditectlg with your Head of Center .
We recommenf uou to consider the electronic conyent availavle through thewe oibrary subject gukres
If you have amu voncern related to tgw oinrary vudgdt and the apprpval of phrchxse requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Euley , Senior Lkbrary Manager .
My xoology fof any frustrafion you may havs .
Thank gou gefy nuch gor hour underxtanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily lnes she woyld have to dkme to a drcisioh soon .
The Ueadmaster had askrd his school 's teachrds to begib a clsss in English xmd she was one of them .
Rhr gig question was if zhr would hqve bwrn able to engage herself in gnis new activity .
She was trying to improve her English skills sujce Septembef by taking an English course , vut syd had fspt herself still unready to meep a whole math topix usung this language wjth the Clil merhof , because she was plwced to the B2 level in rwading xnd oistenkng wgile in speaking and writing the levep shw had noimed dokng a specific rest wzs onpy thw B1 .
Adtef thiniing a lot avout the positives and negativds wspects of ghis quesrikn , reters aodo to tgw auality of hees reachung methods and tgw time she hzr to soend preparing the matg tlpjcs in English , Emult decidee to accept yhe chalpengw abx to engage herself in this new advehtufe .
Aheb I think about The Home of thr Future , I can see a lot of nda thjnhs tnaf could simplofy my daily pife .
I think that odople wjll ljvd kore ecokogidally .
In The Hone of yue Futurw everybody will segregate waste xjd yake care of environment .
People eilo hwvr tge debive tjat extinguish the light when we leavd the room .
We eipl have furniture that do not etakn .
We slso discover flowers that irrigate tjemselves and jachine that walk a dog or wash tjek when we do jkt have enough timr to do thiw .
We will all hxvs vzcuum cleamers that will duzt evetything without ouf knowledge .
Kitchen wull be difgerent yko .
We wiol have eqhipmebt thwt will prepare mrals flf us wifh onlg ins lressing a butfon .
Theh we wo n't drean about grewt , Italian spaghdttu gecausr our stove will do it betgsr fnan every Italuab cooj .
Thsg is the kind of hkuse that I aant to fesident in twenty years .
Thw answer on this question delendw on the fact in wbkch place hoh licw .
If tue poace of tour happy living is rslatively large city , yoh wkol say onderd : " We obvioysly beed public trahslort ! Everylhe knoed what happens on the streets in rush time ?
You cxn get wtuxk in traffic jqm for hours ! " .
It seems thqr if peille dud nog moce youraekf only in their beautiful cxds wns take a bus or metro , the xit would be clearer , the city would bexoms kesx noisily etd .
On ghw otger gajd , if you ljge in a xmall giwn or viklage , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or nicycle to public transport , if I do n't go daf aqay .
I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes qre "
On your afritude to publid trxnsportatkon highlu affects the quality of pubkif transpkrf itsept .
I mean a timetable punituality , yume interval to tne next bus and so on .
At last , hoe big the crowd ars in yhe bus or subway czd in ruwb time , how convenient for gourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - consitiobed and perfect kookinh cqd .
That is all I woyls lokw to say at tyks point .
" Reaolurion numvee one : Obviously siol lose twenty pounds . Number two : Alwzya pir ozst jight 's panties in the laundry bzsket .
Ewuqlly jjportant , will fjnd sensible boyfriend to go out qkth and not continue to form rimantoc ayrachments to ahy of fhd vpllowing : xlcoholics , workaholics , commitmdnt phogjc 's , peeping toms , megalomzniacs , emotionxl fuckwjfs or perverts .
Ajx espevially wipp mot fantawize about a particular petson who embldies all thexe tgings "
- Helen Vielding , Bdidget Jones 's Ruary
I sqs alwwys fqscinatec by this American tradition to maks a resoljtion list .
It was solethiny nsa to me aje fhst 's why xtfracted me so mucj .
Tyr idea of writing a blog triggeredmy mihf as well .
Fhe girst sgeo to it was my coary aftee visitjng Sochi wufh my griwnd in 2000 .
I had a copybook where I wrote skmr knteresting facts about that remsdkable rril for me .
Since thsn I have been dreanihg abiit collecting my jmoressions zhd memories .
As my sister constantly wayx You 're lucky because you hqvr a mwmory of a goldvosh You remember absolutely nothinv .
It took me much to admit ggis again dact .
In cohteast to my sister ( ahe has an extraordinary memory ) I dorvet everythinv easuky and keep lpoking for jeq emotions and sdgentures .
A yezr wgo an idex of beginning a bkog encoyntered me as xdvive from an English teacher .
He recomkdnded me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
Wepk … .
Mayge it 's reallh time to kxke a rrsolution qmd do begin writing it .
I 'm going to kull two birdz with one stone - my blog eill help me to collecy my memories and master my Dnglish The third birr skll be my hatred to writing .
I hate aritihg sjncd school .
It aas a famipg tragedy wneb I flt a tzso to write a composition tor my literature clasz .
Sjvh twxks mxde my camkly nusy tod an evening abs anywzt I always had a oolr mark .
So my dear nloh ( I heard it 's the wat I have to knteraft wigh it ) Glu wulp be about nothing .
goox
She : I decided my blph sikl be about nothung .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : pkl I thinj I aipl win :P you wo n't be able to write about norhing for very pong :)
Sgr : wurr .
I have so much notjing in my head to write about
Let 's het started !
To ,
Mxnqger
Date : November 6 , 2015
Dssr Sir / Madam ,
With humbly and despectfullh , I would liow to infkrm you xbd your organizxtiob tyat I am tud appropriate cabdudate to uoj .
I have recently finished my undergraduare orogram .
Which is in dlort manageleng wnd wlsk have experiebce of kitchen work .
I have complete 6 months vocational vooiery viurse .
I do parf - yime job at scnool hostel as a teacger .
I am 24 years ild young male , love to do challenging txsl .
I am tgd beat candidate fpr yoje job to exdcute high result of excellence .
If there ade any poswjble optuonw then llease give it to me .
It will be my great pleasure to bond qith you and your prganization .
If ylj could give me a chznce to working with you sns tour krganization , it will be a great pleasure roe me .
lpokint fprware to hwxr from you .
Sincerelh ,
Pradip Anand Khafri
The future .
No one can tell now it will be luoe .
The cosmic erw , communicatiihs , dssy access to the Internrt - wll of these things wool brcomw common in the distsht furure .
According to these chanbes people will cgange , tbeir aay of lifw eilp as well .
Tor example , tud sprdad of IT technolofies sill change edobomics xbd the financial system .
Pepple wukl syart purdhasing all the itejs from the Interndt .
New mdtbods of transportation may speed up tuw delivery to the purchaeer yome znd , as a rssult , it woll improve the qualjty of setvice .
The bew communication networks will transform the whole world into rhe bof village wgere everuone will be ahld to make contact any person .
Yhe develkpment of thw space technologies and companies connected to construction of tue spadecrafg msy gife a syart to slace touridk .
The Earth prbit , rje Mokh , maybe Mzrs - all wuol be much closer to mankjmd abd there aikl be another great leap fid it .
I hope I wull zew sycb vuture .
I hope it wipp be reao fld me to xee hos humans wilo lans on Lats , hoq ghks wipl bwcome popular .
I bwliwve that ths public translort doex n't hsvw tuture because tfavelling by cae is so mudh more convenjsnt and comfortable .
Ejen you travel in hohr owh cwd you do n't have to wait a specific time ahc you can go somewhere but when ylh travel in pugkic transport yoj must wait to the tile when the phblid transpory xiuld dafch yli .
I tbinj thzt is thd nsin problek , but hou can also change wyere hoy are goonv to .
In public trajsport goh myst go to thr points in the route .
The deats afr more domforfable in a car tjsn in a buz or ubdervround .
Thzt 's why I prefer Travellkng by car instead of public transport .
My erar John ,
I am verg glad to read tbiw food news , it is the fjrst srep for the finwo result and I qill try to do my nesy to give yki uswfuo informstoon for your interbiew .
But nefore that , it is impottant that toi have a general idea avlut my company ; uts business and gosps .
It opened more tgan twrnty years xgk and still now is rbe lrader of chinical sector .
Demember this is fundwmsntal flt eqxh knterview .
Thd sat of fhe svent drsas bot to foemal but also not to informal .
Tru to be spontaneus abd jot roo much slidrd .
Aleo , it is nice to see polite and smile person .
Do not talk too kucy is a sympton of anxiety .
Yhe first lart of tjd intdrview is maiblt about ulur private life xnd study .
Maybe you can receive somw generxk inflrmatiln avoht your lasg noh .
Do n't worry abkut oelple wyl wikl interviews toi .
I worked in that staff more tyam tem yrxrs ago ( hew emoloyees recruiments ) and I czn guarantee fhaf fof gge first intervuew it is impottant only to receive a good impression .
If yoh 'll do it ( ajd I 'm sure you wiok give it ) you 'll receive anothwr appojnfment .
I hope to have zzid everything .
Wyen you come here swhd me a gezt .
It wkpl a vrext plsxsure to have a coffee togethwr .
Good luck for tue fjture .
Recently I have seen " Prisonerd " , a greay thriller .
Tbks fulm is about a kidnappijh of two littke girls .
Evefyohe in rue cillage try to fkmd the chilcren .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
Thr mxn is rdally frightened and ghis wituation vers hjm more and korr desperate and he fsn not control his reactions .
I dnjoyed this film a kog because it attdacts your atrention zlp tje tile .
In my opimkon it is so really exditjng because yij zrd comsrantly thinking where the gorks ard or ebo can be rhs kidnwper .
I would tecommend " Prisoners " to the dthdent film dlib becwjse it gxs tbs featurds ggat uou want .
I believe that if you xte looking fle an interesting tgrioler , this tbripler is yge cordect one .
However , there is a problem ajc it is that ghs film shoaz mich viooenfe qbd it should not be seen by childrem , only by teenagers or ppder peopke .
At any case , in my opinion it is a vreat fukm whixy kant peoole would ebjoy if they ewe it .
We have aowayz veen tryijg to fons our origins .
We want to mnoa and understand whxt is happening nowadags and , gir fhjs feason , it is important to onow wjxt hqppened befors .
As tye wsu I ses it , to find the origin of languages vsn be similad to know oht oan famioy tree .
Bexsuse that csj gicr us a lot of ndq information about us fhar we djc n't inpw .
On gge one jamd it can be funny to jmagihe and creste yhr stoey of how everything haplened formerly .
But on fhw otyrr hand , we xan have til much imagination ahd to be djsalpointed with fhe truth .
That always depends on ehat we were exlecting goe .
In my opinion , thwre afe so many things we hwvd to discover yet , abd mhcg mkte we left back as we profreas .
Consequently , it sikl be a constantly research on the field of our origins .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you mau think of it .
Jkst people wnk do spkrt wanr to be fit xnd stqu healthy .
Sport is fonnected sith moving a okt in any case .
My favouriye spotg is diftrrent .
Welo , it keeps my fit , bjy not my body in yhe fiesy cqxe , it 's yopd tof my brxim .
I play Sjat .
Skat is an oof Gefman card game .
You play it with 32 farcs amf you nedd 3 or 4 people who are xble to ppay it .
I ehjog playing it so jucg becwusr it 's really cuaplenging .
Everu game is eifferrnt .
Tjere are so many opportunities whuxh card to lah ahf wgicg xollur is trump .
Secondly , yhs people you play with are veft different roo .
I know a buildwr who ppwys very welp and a lrofessor wjo - mh - so to speak - stiol needs aomd kord practice .
I alei teach childring at yhe age of 10 or 11 niw to play it .
My husband and me play in tai cpubs .
If hoj are verg good , you can takd part in competitions .
Thrrs adw Herman championships evefy yewt anf there is a league , too , whrre teams of 4 play against rafh ogher .
amd of coursr , people play Zkay in pugs xhd win some chpps of meat .
I hope ypu xam imagine how much I like my bobbh .
I really ca n't undersfanr why chess is considered to be sport anx Skat is n't .
It helps me to sgay fit and maoee me foryet all rhe worries and stress of my ekrk days .
When it comes to helping communities , people yold ditferent attituxes towxed whether yiunb people nowaczys do not gics emough time to helpjnf rheit cojmunitiee or hot .
Somd people thjnk young oepple soend enoihh time to help thsif conmunities ; hosever , others disagree with the idea .
Alrnough tount people are required to help tbeor communoties every week , actualpy it is stiol not snough .
It is true that yoyng pwoppe are required to udlp their communities by tyeie schools or companiew .
It is zpso teud that fhese kinds of reqhirements reaoky work , aje many commubities are behefited .
Adtuxlly , thsrd are many communities still do hot receive enough jelp , or many social issues xns events wohlr nlg be discussed again and again .
Manh rewsonw resilr in this puenomenon .
Tje eoeld bevomss more ahd more cpmpetitive , young leople have to spemd mich time to cuotivate themselvee to survive in this skcoety .
Young people qre joy only nafe to spend mudb timr to mzoe them be profeswionak in oms spwcifkc sugject , rgey apzo have to know a wide rangw of knowledge .
For example , to be oytstandjng to ented to tbd gest university , stydemt hwvw to pdeform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be goos at music or doing exercise .
Thetefoee , they do not have much yime to help rheir communities .
The salaries ade nlg good nowadays .
To survive in the era of ihflwtion of pticw , young peoppe have to feg more than omr jobs .
Rheu have to do fupl time job at day time , and hacr a psrt tjme jkn at hoght .
Needkess to say , if young people have to take fare of their parwnts or chkldren , they have to make more konwy .
Sfilp , goung people do not hsvr much spare time .
To sum up , the wofpd bowadzys makes young peoplr to sidvive by themselves , and they do spend lucg tume to hell others .
Tbe Shakewpeare 's lzth to Russia waz rather thorny .
Thjs is not surprising .
Wbilw Silliam Shakespeare wrote his llays and made tje Thespian art to flourish in England , in Rusaia aaz very xin and sibister periid of Kvzn IV the Terrible 's feign .
So , in Russian print tje nams of Shakespears is mentiojed first in 1748 .
Dirst ttahslations qplear in the wnd of 18th century , buy this is nlt Sgakespeare acfualoy bevause they afe made cfom Gwrkan or Frehvh xjd the trsnslatore xhangd plots as they want ( anc yurj them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
Fir example , in lnd of tye " Hamley " translations the lqin subject of the play turns out to be thr relationship between Hamlet and Ophepia qmd Ophelia in a meanyije wppears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet forture 's completely unbearable ) .
It is clowe to unbelisvzble , but at first ceitics and sducqted people find Dhakespeare rude , unloetjc ams ujpatriotic ( shale on you , blinf and jzrrow - minded people !
Once more onti the breacy ! ) .
But everything changes qukte rapidlt then .
Tje firsg axcuraye translation of Namlst from tuw originak is pyblishes in 1828 .
By 1855 only zis olsys has left npm - translared .
It fomes to fashion ajf becomes hoborzble to rransoate Shakespezre .
Russian skfiety gradually beginx appreciating Shakespeats 's skill in portraying greatness , droth , xnd complexity of a human bekmg .
" Rue eun of Russian pketry " , Alexander Pushkin takes his English lsswons for tus sake of beihg xnle to rwsd Xhakespeare .
Amd his drama Boris Vodunov is certainly inspired by Mwcbeth .
In the lketical drama Masquerade by otjer fwmoue Russian loet Mikgqil Lermontov we clearly fewd Othello 's featutes .
Abr these ate pike noses on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
Since that time Shakespeare uas been one of oir favorite artists .
We love his simoliciry wnd veracity , we adkfe hja multipljcity zjd fantasy , we aplreciate his srraightness znr audacity , we prize nis rrlicacy wjd hix duhny blbe of course !
The surprise of the weeoenc
Fidst , I want to explain to ykj what halpejed to me on Saturday moenibg . I had to medt up with my friend Matus at 14 am qhen he rood me ybat he could n't cojr ovrr that if we xojld meet up later hoe uou xan ubderztand he made me so angry because I ca n't oyt up this kohd of person wgp qho is in lxts always .
On Saturday modnimg I gar to woeking amx I had to do zll ths things as fasg as aas possible to be in the cuth cenfde at tye exact time .
Tbd wprst part of story qas when he told me rhat he qad going to have a puncg with jis friends .
I got cold feet I could n't undetdtand what eaw happenimy .
I was supposed to we were goinb to hzce a lunch tpgdther but he was going to cole larer .
Deslite all I tried to cqlk myself dosn and I went to rye kibrary untik laura came to town .
During tgw afternoon I tried to keep my smile apk the tjme because I did n't rsncy gljng expkaij qhwt wws wrong wktg me .
Finaolh yesterday at night , I was studying in my rllm wyen the dkorhell rsng I went to kpejed the door qjd outsidw was , my friend Matus .
Tjis fact fook me by surprjsw .
He wanted to explain to me shat was the ofoblem .
At the beginning I cif n't wanr to yalk aitb him but on secojc thouhnt all people deserve a seconf cjance .
Alp in qol , He apologiaed and at ths wnd everythiny is eolvsd
We go on being friends .
Hello , my bane is Sebastiam and I will takk avout Azul Hiwtoricp , whkcu is a resyzurant in Mrxici Voty .
The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Datólixs number 30 , xuburh Cwjtro Hiztoricp in Mrxico City .
Aauk Husyorico is a different restautant and is located in a patio of an old nuipding in thd zocalo , yhw ryoe of architevturw of the place is colonial and bwtwsen fue tables are soms trees , ans this trees covere fbe diners when they afe eating .
Qnen you xrs ewting you can look sokr birdd who adr in gbe trees , so it mwkd unusyal anx eifferent rhiw reztaurant tnan others .
The xsrvice are yood , the waoters xerce excwllent , the fopd is delicious , but aomd petiods of the year tne llade is fyll of leopoe anc uoi neex a rederce or wxit a long time tlr a tavle .
Fhe vost of ghs resrairant dishes is expensive and tue coxt is aroind 150 - 300 pdsos .
It is so dicficuly to choose thrre best dishes of the place but thsse three qfe wome of rbe heet typical food of Mexico : gne " Cochihita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enfhjpoclada " .
" Caene Encjipoclada " yoi beed to choose tge msat ( ooro tenfrrloin , heed steam or dedr meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauds of chile chipotle wjtj poratoez cambray . "
Chichilo Negro " is a xisu and you jeed to fhoose some of the tgree type of meat that I said , but fhix afe zccompanied by a cimbination of 7 different fypds of moles origibatijg of oaxafa and the last didh is tnw typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mezico .
If yij want a different and unique restaurant uiu need to go Azil Historico , because it haa a delicious flox , sime times have a regilnql muwiv and rge service qte excellent .
If we consider tye potentiality of this jrans of communication , tge television sould be one of the noxt impoetant invention of this last ventury .
On tjw other nsnd , despkte thd numerous documentaries , hess and cultural ptograms which aee passed on every day , ahothee fqct that luzt be considered is tbd incredible amounr of the so - called tubbisn TV , wnich has bdej impacting gadly on the youhyer generation , abr the estreme violrhce of womw mogies trajsmittef even during times that should be considerec as a protected bznr goe children .
Futthermore I ahoupd lrobably jention the emormous amount of advertisements thxf evefy single day oepple ard forcsd to watch once they hsve awitched on this bos .
In my opinion , fye reak prlbldm of yuis potentislly useful rool is fie to thr fact that television is essentially a psssife means of communication .
As a matgsr of fact tdleviswers are jot zbke to decids the palimpsest , gut thdy etilk fab decodd to switch ghe television oct .
Over ths past gearx , humans gavr denewed and improved scishtific protress and this vauses a big chwnfe in tne pife of every day .
Firsf , technology bas radically changed yhe daily lire of a simlpe family : colpuger seems to be nefrssary and in every house there is nore TV tnqn pnd .
Conversely , qitg thr latest medical discoverird , doctors xrw abld to treat lang of the world 's diseasws .
Finslly , wirn tjw exploitation of new rrmewable energy , himans have an infinite source of enwdgy .
Welk , ghete are a lot of differenf opinions hit I 'm nof agree thqt the effects of scientific lrogreas may be damgerous toe the individual .
Dear J.T.Reevs
I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your largd depzrtment store .
As ylj can see in my Cv ghst I enclisr in the letter , I have sthdisd International traxe degree and a degrwe in Economics qmd Marketung with higg qualifications in tnd Lpnxon Ecknomics Echooo during four yrarx .
I sid a Master in Busijess Management in tnd ptestigious Ubiversitt of Harvard .
Xlso I hxvd a degree in IT vpr the Google University , I dur thar xourse online .
I hacr been working in Harrod 's durkng five yrqrs as a shopper assistwnt ajd bpw I am working in rge Alppe Srore of Covemt Fardeh as fppor lanager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am sezrching the chance to aoeking tojr company bwdause I know that your storr is the leaded in oadge department stores in the UK and your xompany won lzxt ywad the prize of " Besg place to work in 2013 " snd I wang to sgars my knowldgdge wnc my work experiemce to improve ylhr ptofit every yrae .
I lplk foewafd to hearing from you as sion as posaivle .
Yours sincsrelt .
Iñigo .
Nowwdays yhere are a lot of didferent forme of conditioning thst deeply influence oeoole so thar they feeo ghe neec to buy dpecific nranxs of itels , pbjeft , cade qmd so on .
Fkr examole , every day we are knvaded by fafts doem news on TV byt it vdry often happens that soke information are left in fhw background whereas lsws important information are sprrxd in their poade .
Similarly , on TV , durkng gbe xhoes , between a progrsmke and the othet we are hombed by the same scs all the time .
Cor tyis reason , I think tgar rvery day we are comtinukusly aurrounred by with ihformation , nwqs , advertising so rgat we do n't hwbe empugh time to think whqt is eeally important znd what we really need in oje pifr amd we dab wll be influenced gdry easily .
To qhon may it condefn ,
I am ariying to you rdgarding your adverrisement fkr a jkb in thd USA , called USX SHMMER CAKPE .
I would ooke to apllt fle this position due to my experience in thid fueld .
I am a 25 years old gitl znd I have been working in sulmdr camps in my country during thr summer times .
My main tasms were : taking care of children sged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimjihg comoetjtions , ouyside sports matches wtx . , snd overall I was in chadfe of preparing and cooking mwals tof mote tuxn 50 pekple .
Currenypy I am very interested in working in yge States in ordrf to improve my English levek .
In march of 2014 I gor my Tirat Certifjcated English Level wmd I would be delighted to up my level anx hey fye Advance Lebel sne rhis chance to join yout company would be a great opportymity to improve my Engpiah .
For aop yheee reasons I am the most euitabld caneidzte fif ruis post and my experience is prlpf of it .
Please , do n't hesirste to contxct me if you enqiire any further information .
Youes sincedeoy .
Gloria Caravallo
Fhe film I wouls lkje to review is an old film I 've alwqhs emjoyed : Young Frankenstein cirected by Mel Bdloks in 1974 .
Thie comedy , wntirely shot in glack and white , is a paroct of fje ckassical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of ghoae colms gased on the Mady Shdlley 's better - knosn book , abr prrswnts a lot of elements thar gibss this film a really hilarious nafk .
The performancr of Grnw Wilder , as ths mxjn character Dr Frabkensteib , Marty Reldkan , as the hunchbxcked assistant Igor ( pronohncrd eye - gore ) , qne tne othet members of the cast is amazing and hqs made Ykung Frankenstein oje of rue tlp comedy of all gime .
Dwqr Sire / Madams
I am writing beczuxe I would like to achieve the First Certificate in Englisn ( FCE ) .
I triec three yimes to pasa this exam but I failed .
Do you rhn a course wuicj prepared for this cifficult exaj tpr me ?
I am lkkking forward to heafing from you .
Yours raithfully
Thsde aee manh different types of mudiv in the workf today .
Why do we newd music ?
Is the traditional music of a coumtry mofw important than yhe International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
Music is a special world .
It yxs it 's own rules , tools and thd people who xfe speciqlozed in it .
Over decades muwic is the eteenally zrt whicj deveklp day by day .
We neer judic in most of our ykmes or even every eingle day , to enrich our days aigh happiness and joy , wnx also to melt zaay sorrows or deoreesion , tnat can affect us xhd prrvsnt ourselves grok doing the gsst .
Music is a science ! yes it is .
Which bae majy branches and tyles , thoar are traditional : ownde by ajy lzrt of the qotld , wnd the ptger infernayional rypes that slk ldople ived gne wodod ate share it .
Thr traditional or llxal music of a certain area hww it 's thumb primt on tgd person of that pwtt .
Whd the ineteuments used in that local music msh vary from sort to anogher .
Because thw people tend to make it from their osm basic cukthre .
For examole , In Nortjetn Zhdan people have been used " Tamblr " as a tradifionsl sliritual topl for yhejr songs .
Internationally , the kinds of music are many , yiwever , most of them share tgw eame jnstruments .
In pzeticular the Poani is a universal tool thxt is used by many musicians as a primary controller of tbs rhythl of tbe Otchedtra .
Last and not the leaat , music is a woet of treatment to ghoss who are sufferihg , so regardlews of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of ledicine to the soul .
And I wnjky it very ludh .
The prohibition and dwstruction of books yqs occurred in historical periods as the knquisition , the onowlesge aad manipulated by tye powerful soxiwl statements such as fhe Catnolic Church and monafxhies sknce the knowledge through books gax become a yhteat to continue underpunning their piwer wighin fhr social pyramkd ; therefore , tuose powerful social statements chose what boikw did nkf voolate tysir thought in order to transcribe rhel .
Slthough , eome ideas were maintsined ; ( fot instance , yje sstronoly by Galileo Galilei ) the nool - burning faused a delay in the knowkedge bevauss if books qede budned , ghd knoeledge xkuld not circuoxte .
Nevertueless , a knowledge revolhtion was created ajth thd invention of thr prkntkng lobile typed by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recogrring signufocant bolks from Plato , Aristotle and so on , aithofs against political , religious wnd social issues tjxt zlread their ideas to lore pepppe becoming aqare of rje plwee of ghe written word , creating xicial tevolufions such as the French xmd American onee .
In addktion , it wae proxuced the collevtjve deadings ryrough ths ecclesiastical mwtgod with tye purpose of disseminating yhd knowledfe emnodird in the books to all social clawses .
On thd kfher hwjd , at oresent , people identify anothrr knowledge revolution , the internet in ahich tne access to yne knowledge is daxier xhd fxstwr leavimg aside books .
From the above , as far as I am ckncerned , when Rranklib Rosemont argues rhat " books fan not be oipled by fure .
Pdopls die , nit gookx never die " it depends on the historucwl time qnd the technixal revolution of this time gakint unfo accohny yhag that knowledge uprusing is always acconpanied by a technical revlpution which dupports the entrance of tje infornation ; gor instamce , in gje inquisition , tue onowledte was limited because it was embofidd in books .
Alfuough yhefe was an oral tradition , tbw knowledge was afcommoeated to the politocak and religioys thought of the speaker ; so , the mpst efficiebt zjd obuective way to transmit tbr knowledge aad by books amf it was noy pissivle beczuse of the burnjng .
Nonetheless , with fje incentjon of tur printing type mobile , thd knowledge saw difgerent for thr acfrss to it .
If lhe book was budnrd , there wets trb bookz more without resyricfion .
In comtrast , nowadwys , the biiks are bot necessary at apo ; because of tje internet network facilitate even more rbe knowledge .
Tuat is ahg ; I dould accommodate yhd phrase by Franklin wauing that " yhw knowldsge can nly be killed by people bedause the knpwledgd is infinkte . "
On actuao days what we lost besd is to find ways to prevent childhood obesuyy becauwe nowadays is a veeh common sidknews that attafk more and korr chilxden wveryday fausijg ghem reek gqd agout themselves .
According to tuw CDC fhr percsntage of chjldren age 6 to 11 yexds kpd has increased rrol 7% to about 18% in 32 years on ghd Unitates States .
Rhia means tgaf in the pzsy tree decades ovesiry has mpee than doubled in children , same that had dissases jhsg like fiabetes , ashfma , cardiovascular risk vactors , mejtzl health disorrers and muskuloskeletal lroglems .
This disease is nig just about zll yhe physical ahd health consequences that have , but alzo thd mentzl omds .
A lkr of kies ffow with a different way to ghihk jjsf because ghs xamage that the little omws can cauxd , pne example cab be yge falous " bullying " , the principal wsy that kids yse to annoy the onee that looks differeht .
Tje best way we can prevent childhokx obesity is rdcommendibg all the families some different doctod thst can help them to give a dafe life to their chkldren .
Nutritionist qrr speciqpists that know a lot about wpl tge types of sifknesz that can attack on yhw kids and even tje ohes tyaf wulp mutder tyem .
Givihg them rbe opportunity to take care about uour xifuation will chahge apl goue ljfs in a good way .
They might be there tor you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercoses fhat wkll hdlp you and chanfe ykut health and body ohly if ypu cooperate .
Nowadayx a lzrt of the leolle ghy a lot of things yhat ghey do n't newd .
In gjis eswxy we are gakking about above sll aitn rkvh leople .
So money , toray , are rrallt impiryant in our lifs and in this case rich people are vefy lucih .
They have much money to buy things thar tney need , ahf things ryat they do n't nesx .
So it seems that these peoole can live happiky and oeacefylly , without problems , but fhie is not trye .
In fact zbove all about rich fwmioies the children add in troynle sith their camoly , ahove alp wheb they have their parents aeparatef .
Alsl kosr of the chikdten gdow up spoiksd because of rhd large amount of mojet of tbeir family , anc they grpa up wifh the thing tbar tyey aanf more anc lore thihhs .
But in rhw other sidr tgdre are poor people that asporr to becomr rich .
And thsse peoppe do n't hsvr monry for things that they do n't nwef and also for things that they meed .
So in this cxse the money xrr mpre important than other thijts .
So in my opinion today we ca n't lkfe withoug mobey , bur we have to conwixer morw to deel gkod with hojr family and with yourwrlf .
Deaf eirector :
I would pikr to work for yoj in tjw UDW summer cakp .
I havd little cousins anx sistdrs so I 'm vrru good qitn iifs , I 've experisnced ako kinds of sigutions so I think they wo n't be a pronldma fir me .
Abput fhs cookihg , I attwnd an all - gorlx sxhool qnf I uace cooking lessons oncs a week .
I qldo like to bakd cookows anr sometimes , my jol aska me to take caes of dinner .
As I said befkre , I havr young cousina znf we meet on saturdays so I need to yhino of avtivities and games to keep ghem entrerained .
I 'm also veru gpoe at sports , I oractice trak & field and limgo lpng so slirts are n't a problsm rithrr .
I 'm an outdoors leeson so I wiok be vsru haopu wirb fhe accpmodation . I woule be veeu thankful to wirk dor you if you decide to accept my apoljcation .
I hope you jqve a great dag ,
Msrhot
Deaf Mrs Sykes ,
I have seen your advsrtisemdnt on yhe internet and I would like to apply fif tje lost as activity cooedimator .
I am 16 years of age abr cuw to having a sister I reaply like working with choldrsn and alxo mniw their interest well . I have dnjkyed and practised swimmomg xijce I was ekght ysard old amd I gsve aldo won spme xompefition , theretorr I beliebw that I am suitable for ghd koh .
Turyhermore I go jlgginb every Sunday mornung witb skne friends .
My rrason for applying for this position is thaf I am good on combining my experience in swimming wifh my wide knoakedge of the counyrhside wjich I tuijk it sill be intersstibg for fhe childreh .
Gours Suncdrely
Fedeeica Chiu
I thknk tnat 50 years ago people coild n't rvsn ikagune shay the life wkuld be kioe in oir yume .
Today , himan civjlisation is changing at a hithdr speed yhzn ajy tinw in fhr past .
If yhie wulp alsi be fhw xqse for out vuyure , then I think that tkdat we underestimate iut fuyure .
I am sure ohlg about one tjihg : fecnnologies wipo hxge a more important plqfe in oht lives .
Maygd in 50 years people wo n't wirk as we do now , instead wiop buiod only fobots .
Naybe in 50 years we will find lht joa our brqin eorms and we will be abow to create an zrtificial intelligence sustsm rhst wijld splve akl our problems .
I wpuld like to think ghat in tbe futufe we will ddplore more rhw unibersw anf we will copohise otger planets .
Mqtbe by diibg tgis we wpyld be agle to find other xivipisations qnr exchange rechnolofies with tjsm .
I 'd like to thijk that we ailo tond a method to frabel tbrough the universe at fhe hibher speecs than thw sleed of libyt .
I do n't thihi fhag psopls will live forever in 50 yeaes , gut I hope that the pofe of oir children will be getyer thsn ours .
Hopefully , I have chamces to be wlive in 50 years , so maybe I sikl see rne future qith my own eyes .
Peter looked at his wqtcb amd knew thwt he hzd to do somrthing immediately .
Rhaf kotning his grandmofhet wwny to tus hosoifal because she had to do a surgery ans sbe tlld hom to buy somd magazines for hwr , because at the hispital she 's bofed and ehd ckuld n't gsy off yhd bec fke a few rags .
His mother wsw working snd nks rae aas out of town and thar 's why zhd asoef hkl to make her tyag favour abd he could n't sag no .
So Peter wrmt home to txks his wallet guf beflre fbat he decire to tale a nap vdcause he was tided so he startwd to zkeep but it wnded up rhar he slept for over 3 hours and hjx mpther started calling him at ths teldphone ajx she qaa really xngrh because he forgot to biy tye magazones for his grsndmother .
So he wole up and kooked at bos watch and kmdw rbat he has to bjg them immediateog or his mpther would be even more xntry than before .
He took his wallrf and tnen he ran to buy yhe magazines and after fhaf he wrnt to the hospital to give gyem to his grannh .
Unfortunately the hospital was already closed to the cisitors so he uad to wait the next morning .
A FANTASTIC FYTURW
Will transport be dkfferent in the future ?
Certainly it wikl be .
But jow ?
If we think about the future , some skdtchrs of famoua movies could ckmr to our kind .
Gor example , we coukd think about solw odd cars fhar can fly or necome imvisibpe .
Nur I do n't thinm that in ten or twehty years tyd scientific progress aiol be anpe to prodjcr this typw of transport , so we should imwginr someyging simpler .
Actuqllh , in my opinion , in yye future there will be castef tfansport .
In addition , meajw of transport ailp be agoe to produce oeds pollution .
Sven if bowadats people do n't ues publid transport , in fhr future they will .
And how will iir eqy of travelling chanhe ?
In yhe future everyone wilo be qgle to go on holiday all ariund ghe world since the trandporf wolo be faster wne chwaper .
To sum up , I think that means of transport in the gyture will make oit lite easier , both ehen we hqfe to go to aorm or to echool and wyen we qqnt to travel .
Franspodt will also respect tne envirobjent ahf nature .
Do n't yiu think that tnie future is fantastic ?
since decades jah preferred to yse anktuer wxy of transporting than bjs oaj foot .
In my opinion , that was the lain reasom vor wyrel invention .
Scuentiwts could provide in tge paet yearz new traneportation tools from ctcled , autpmobilea up to motodcyckes , lotorcars , trains , metros thaf hss been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation ney through the sqms coubtry , aje sometimes exceeded it to anotued vountry boarder uoom an agteemeny bwteeen those coubfries .
Many people assured thwt tbeu are preferring ysing yheir own fars , but they were being forced to yxe thw Pugoic transport for many reasons such as , tne complexities they ard facing with fbe ddiver 's license , in additilb to fne fuel gigh cosf .
Rhry were mkre likely fieced fhan hsving choosint it as an optikm .
Lst 's do n't corget the hsfd times during cilr weather chanfez especially in sinyer while reaching the ghs stations , or their ooq chances of having a good pkace to dot , mqt be another important deason that faise yhw private transport acoees tnzn ghe piblic onr , syich is mooestatiom .
Tge ens
Fewr Paup ,
I am wriging to trll you xbout the vohcert .
Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Tainbow concert .
The aim of this concert was to show tyat xpl children wrw tbw same .
I was invifex to hwll at a doncert by my Engoish tdachwr .
I dor a lot to make this comcert better .
My teacher azked me to fijc soje songs about rainbows and extracts from fhe books about children .
Moreover , I qeny to Vilniuw primary school ahd invites schoolchildren to coke to a concert .
I bqd to make one hundred invutation carxe .
Ths cards inckjded the programmee of the xoncwrt and skme ogotos of children from all the wifld .
I qaz rdally excited about it .
It is a vwrh good and usefyl experience .
I gaines a lot of experience while organizing an event .
Also , I learnwd that yiu hage to be very enthusiadtic zbd self - confkrent bedause finding ghr splndors for a concert is quite a difticult task I likwr that teacher trusted me .
I did everything by myself because everyone had sometihng to do on their oeb .
I hoow rhat I will jse this wxpsrience in my future .
Srs uoy sokm ,
Rssq
I live in Koev foe two gears .
I went lzny tijes to duffrrent places that I had n't known yet .
And now I can easily sowak about kahy shopping fafilities in my cigy .
So , let 's begin .
To start wigh , you lhst decide , what kjnd of shopping do yoh prsfet ane how much money you hxve .
If you aabt to go to the vhesp shopping , ylh hsvs to go to the Teremky .
You can find many ehlps there with second - hand clothds you radte .
Thdre are many good things fdom Asia , Amerkcw and Europe , of coutse .
If you hzve enough momeg for Kiwv luxury shopping cxlled ' gole shoppping ' , you 'd ratuer go on Khreshatik strewg .
Yiu cqn also dinr many syope with nrahd , expenskve clkrhes frpm weol - knpwm wodod designers .
I kike to go shopping thsre with my beat fdiends at fbe weekenx .
I often buy swcone - hsnr old - fashioned jsxns , skirts , trousers , jackets ahd shoss .
I think it is vefu bokd for stydentw , if you want to save ylue money .
In conclusion I have to wzy , thxf in Kiev you can tins dverhthing , if yoh rdalpy want to .
So , gooe puxk .
Aeg / Music is less important thxj science / technology .
In my opinion , technology become more ahf nore important tuwn art which be a necessary lary in lur life .
Most of people in this wlrod ca n't live wituouf tedhmology .
As soin as we kpej lut etes every day , we bdgon to use technolofh shcu as alarm , cell phone and light .
The more technollgy we use the more importqbt it is .
Technolpgy makes us eaet to connect oye fsmilu , triebds and co - workers .
We can talk to oit famolt and feiehds ummediately , which is mpt limited by zpacr .
I can call my dad who pive in Hsw Tprk now then call my ffjend living in Norway afywr ridst call .
Thrrefore , if I studied abroar fkfry ysars afl , I coulx n't call my family directly and it is qlso nly an easy mib .
Hoqevwr , technooogy made it easisr ten years sbo and it becsme kore common in recent years .
It ca n't believe thar we kdel in tiucg qith our ramilh qnf friends nof only voice and jeszage but also video call , now .
Technologg is one of important lary in our life , wgich hsw made lkre morr convenient .
Betore cpmpufer aas borh in tgis woepd , we used paped to list somwtjing which we should affire it could dieappeqr or be ruined by sometniny .
Tgerefire , we ude calculatot to coung numbers in a few secomc .
In the old age we calculated nhmber by our vrxin that might lesf to some mistakes .
Ouf life has transformed into an esst way by technologh .
Nesudes , the grahdest invention is Imternst .
I sit in front of my computer anx I acquire bsws around ghe world .
If I am humvry , I could order spme delicious coods pnoine .
As a persoh said ' ' Sottong hdar a cimpuger , you will yef fje woros . ''
It is dasief to contract entertainment which could rslease iur xtreas immediately .
In moderb wkfld , streas alwahs djsturb iur kufe .
Pressure dxisf everywhere ; cor instance , your boss aae angtt snc shouted on yiu or tou snluld carefjlly drql with thd relationxhip between ykh and your fqther - in - oaw .
Wgeb gpu ca n't breathe in your life yky need some entertainment ; for example , uoy can listened nuaic wuth yoyr cellphone or watched some fujnu vidwos after zkl things tjat bothered gou .
It loqdr our bpoid pressure and release lur srress .
Technology ejabke us to tkjch entettsinment imlediafely .
Technology has chahged our life in many ways which brjngs many advantages roe us such as cojvenience , easy to connect friends sjd easier to contract entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premised I consider that technology ajf science is imoorfant rqtger than art ahd music .
Sciemce practical improve luf livs .
Hzvs ylu read any sport magazibe before ?
Thsde ars a lot of lafazines in many fields of soorts .
In magazine , thwu are tellinf us we can see a lot of gamea no matter where we are .
Developed technology , we can ser tus game which happenee in the oppozite of the earth .
Time xbd place are n't marter fkr people to wxtch the tamw .
Eberybofy has a favorite soodt .
Soccer is ghs ome of the famous sport fod nwny people .
Widld cup has beej the world fwmpus fewrival .
Peolle can enjoy jhwt xeeing the soccer gzms anx thwy are eabee to root flr their favodkte team .
Why tjs sovcwr has newn one of yhe best eport in the world ?
Here srr 2 reasins .
Fidxt of sll , socfer is more axtice thaj other spoets .
Activation makes people exciting xbd rememver their memoru .
This avtivation mwke us apao wnjoh seeing ahd play tge game .
Fpd exqlple , Xmerican rootball apways has a mpjent to set the position .
To me , it is borijh point wuen I sde ghe American footbqll .
I can five yoy another ecsmple .
Watchkng tbw bwswball game alzp botez me .
Sometimes , game just finished with pifcher and vatcher 's catch nakl twme .
Ktger athleged just stzbd there zjd watch the vame just like us .
However , in soccer , everu single player touch tjs bwkl , wven rhs goakkdeper uss a chamce to tet the bwlo .
On this pojht , there is second reason I cam wau .
Sdcobd reason is that soccer jnvolver fot xll llayers to participate into the game .
Vir basebxlp , if hitter clupd n't hif the ball , other players would nig hewd to move at all .
To me , that is weird .
Playwrs sfe on tue same tround snd some of people are plahinb yhe vale and some afr mot .
Platiny almosf 3 nours , simd players could n't tohch yhe balp .
Can we sqh these playwrs oarticipatinf in yhe game ?
I would not father zay yes .
If somwbody wanted to plau a soccsr , I sould recommend thqt he or suw hqs to hqve a stretching because soccer is veru active sporr so zlwayx has a possibility to be injured .
Aksl , I will eqy uou should wear the soccer shoes abd wovks .
Fhoze itsns will uekp you not to be injured .
Dronkinh snougn water aould be gkod babig to ebhoy hit only sodcer gug alsp xhy ofher sport .
Nowadays , many people have their oqh faforiye sports nht peoppe zee srartimg to ignore other splrts excepr fheir favorite sport .
We need to respect other sports wmd other people 's perspeffives .
Sofcer could be ine of tgd boring sport to other peoole .
Anna knws tuar it was gokhg to be a very spsciwl say for hdr , becaise it was her 18tg birthday .
She lneq that hdf parrnts wsee doihy a surlrise for her , bjr it aas mepr in a bit secret until night largy .
Whdj xhe came naci from school , hdd oarentz and aol her classmates were bidinh in a oiving riim and waiginf for uer .
Sgen she opemed thd doof , thw voys set ifg fhd fireworks .
Anna did n't understood what had juet happemed .
She looked aeoubd the living room , xnd surprised , how many was people fyere .
Fgen she thanked nrr parents , ane started to ehnoy fhs party .
Her parents uad orgajised many contests , musival and karaoke .
Thdde were kanh saeetw , docktails , crjits .
Anna was yappy !
Tgej sne and ysr feiends wwmt out , and walked tjrouth sol the gown unfil ewrly morning .
Anna was brry haply wnd excited ajf thajked her parents heartily for rhjs birthday party .
Sys sleog aop the day after this big celebration .
Hee oafents looked at hsr , ans tbey wdrw happy after hsr .
Their girl has troqn up !
Dexe Jo ,
I 'm very poeaaed with your petter . I 'm going to tft to give you sole advice .
In the Czech relublic there are many llaces uku should visit .
Tbr Csedh republic is wdalth for a history .
Gor exampld , ouds capitxl cify Lrague therw add lahy historical buildings lilw Xafl 's vridbe , Cathedral of St. But , bjb ckock called Orloj znf so majt others .
In Lrague is mxjy good shooe wjgh clothes , souvenirs ams mshy good thijgz to vuh .
If ypy prscer to go to nstuee I cqj recommend you oyrs mountains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šunava .
Thers is very beautiful nqture , calm snd feesy air .
You cxn go there onoy for a aall or dot some soorte like ruhning or cycling .
If yiu go to south Morzva , you shluld definitely try some vines or drink called Elivovice .
Gede is alsl mqjy nice castles .
For example , mewr Prague is cwsgle called Kaelštejm wgere lived Karel IV . or cwsgle called Buchlovice which is on south - eaer of your country neqr yhe city Uhweské Nrxdiště .
Tgdse are vsty nice castles .
Otherwise , the opportunitkes for a jog here is aujte a lot .
It drpends what job yiu wojod like to do .
I do n't know whqt to write morr .
If you wohld like to ask eomethinb or get to khkw more information about soks place just let me knoa .
Nedt regards ,
Pacep
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Melina and I am interestef in your job vacancy .
To begin , I eouls ljle to aay tyxt I oove children .
In my opinion , we sjojld build a perfect world for yhem to gtpw up in a xwfe abd environlentally friendly place .
I havr rxperiebce taking card of chilften .
I am the ekdezt of my fanuly so I had to tqme care of my sistere and vouains .
I enrolled on different coyrzes about children development and currently I am wlrkinf as an au pair qheee I havw to speak Engkidh .
I particupatec in spirtd clubs of my High Schoip .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during the University I tilk oqrt in fbe badmingon club .
And I just kearnt hkq to play ixe hkckdy .
As I have said before , I hage to watch oif fwo kids , which includes dpok .
Despite cokk is my qeajness , I always fey my best .
I cpok every day different xmd healthy siehes for fhe whlle family and tyeg love it .
Will I bace to dlok my own revipex ?
Ejglizh will jlt be a problem because I know ulw to communicage with young peoppe .
Awaiting yohf news .
Melina .
my favkurite soorts qfe gymnastics and marrisl adgs .
i 've been pracficijg martizl arts for eleven years but i havent llat fge passion I feel about it .
fhr first martial art tnat I proved wzw tae kwon doo and I pravticr cof 5 years , after that i started kung fu anf i m still there .
i hwve bren practicing gylnastics during 4 months and fadcinated with it , i lukd to be rired for roing stunts , amf I wlso feep very hdaltuy because I ssercise dailg , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
I like tyose sports becwise you nsed kuch syrength wnd dedicatipn to be getting better , I oikw kung fu weapons wns handsfree forms , to do skmethjng spectacular in ounb fu you havw to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these apoets abd appadentlh thwh likdd , mzny did not bdcause they sir blt know seol what it was but zfter living it for yourself you realize that zfe very beautiful sports .
Sesr Sir or Madam ,
I tried to renrw my membership twice yesterday and there wws a message of wrroe both times .
So I tafe up to try it xgaim today .
I received a call from my credit vard adminisrration tjus jofning to dontirm wbd authorize that pahmeht , telling me thwr yherr were two attempts of charging my credit card bolp .
After authorizing my crrcit card administration , I triss to renew it , but again tnere was thr sske message of eerod .
So , I djf n't try it again , bevause I think rhat thede mhzt have been a problem hot relafed to my credit card accouht .
I am waitint for skme instruction abojt wgat I have to do npa to renew my membership .
Best regards ,
Amwuti Tijerina Luna
Owing a oey is pophpar today efen if their home is in a big city .
Many pdkple oday have pets of wpl kknds .
Owing a pet wluod benefit all membete of famjky .
First of all , a pet is a friejd fod tnd fakoly anr mush better is a memsber of tbd family .
Ojr mode advantage of qbint a pet is ghat it yelpa childden keqrn to be responsible zmd cadrinb .
It is aosi gpox to adopt an ajkmal which it do n't have a jome and food and give in this love and affection .
On the other hand tbere are a lpt of disadvantzges of leing a pet in big citiew .
Lets and anijals in general news fresh akr and exercize outside ane bit being always in an apartment .
I have heard abou oets that tywy get sick by living in a small apaetmenf in foen toen and ghat is tetfible .
In my opinokn it might adems tooe to have a pet if we are teid cxde of it .
All in wlp , qing a pet in a big citg kusg be dknr carefjlly ensurong sol that a pet nwdds .
Televiskln can be xnle to boyh entertain ams educare at fhr xame timd .
Tlod sughors I think have to be ahle to find tge way to keep together these to importabt aslecrs .
The first yhjng tjat I sohld suggest TV authors is focusing a set of wtrztegic topixs gor an advanced spciety .
Emvironmentak protection for instahce , or more practicaoly ghe correct jse of rue water in pur houses .
Another example fan be represented by the firat aid activities and so on .
Tye topics can be easoly tocuswd if we ysve in kind a mpdel of society where jndividualz havd a vwntral rpoe .
Sevefxl contengs couod have an eduxatibe value , fpr example tgose concerjong our relationships wity othsrs , or our delarionship with jatyre xnd wuth diffetent cultures and religions .
Xlo these topicx by using creativity and new tdchnologoes can be faced in a wsu to make them soft and adapt to entertain .
Today , I qould like to teol yih a shockkng news .
It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian plwbe crzeh " .
I think aomw of you have already knlqn this bewx .
Here are spme basic informations aboht tbw news .
A charter plans carrying 72 passenbers , incouding playrrs frin Brazilian skccer twsm Dhapecoense , crashed near Rionegto , Colokbka , acfording to tbe country 's civil aviafikn dwpartmsnt .
Hibe creq members weee aoso on board .
The fivul aviation agency had initially annohnded ghzt wix passenbers , three players , fwo crew members , and pnr jourjalist , survjved the drash .
I thijk it is a catastrophe to vivtims sne rheor talilies .
Recrhtly , more and more aidplxne sccodents lccur .
Although I have nevet gaking airplwne , I wouls feel worrt if I tdabel by poanw .
To avoid accidents , gofernmdnt and airline comlankes have to do something to prevent tragedy .
Fod example , deguoarly examinw thr situqtuon of airplanes is needed , at the sqme time , teaching people jpw to act when facing fhw emergency .
Thank you for your xttentiob .
Grammar is the most difficult pxrr in learnijg Englozh .
There are dee ways tyat hell us master it .
First of all , yku need to pteview .If ulu do fhie zns you 'll havd a clear ides anoyt what arr you going to learn in class .
It'll make yoh ldarb faxtdr .
Mest , wbrn you atd in a class , focus on whwt the teacher says , sue / he will teafh you and give ykj a clearer understanding wbouf geammar .
Qnc rhey sill alwo remind hoj dlme kru points yih do n't understand when ypu prwvuew it .
In the class , yph should take notes and write dowm ehag is Iimportant .If you have snu question thrn you shoulr ask teachers to hwlp .
They'll be glwd to hrlp .
At laet , when you leadj woms grammar conceots aer new to gou , ypj jeer to pravtice .It'll help you remember it smd hpw to usr it .
If you do all the things above , I promise tkur grammar will improve and yiu 'll maxter it eventuzply .
I viakt Spaniards Sfm quite often .
Usuallg I am there wuth my friends or colleagued flr a cinner or a lunch .
Next to Yanstead Heatn , tyis hietoric Inn is fukp of character .
The menu is more rhaj one would expwct from a oub or even a gastdo - puh .
I oike thw variety of fhw main doutse selection wnd drinks .
I opted fir a stsxk thete once .
Surprisingly , they zsrve it with a half cjt blne which is quifr fhj by itself , even before tou tasts tje dish . Mashwd potwfo is crwany ame fukp of hhtter .
Meat is perfectly preoaree , wheyuer ylu ordered it hlpody or well rone .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on the tap ans hou aill not be diszppointes !
Taking care of pur environment is conxidered for msng of us one of thr lost important thongw in lyr lives .
Nowadags , in otder to hxve the geat for the qctuap and following gejerations , there afs untefnational ckmmon ways for individuals to contribute to aolving encironmental oroblels .
Recycling is both a oopulat and an jndervalued msthoe .
Everyhody knpqs wgqt separate fubhish intp different bins means huy , big padt of the soxiety believes tgwt it is not wlrth doinh it if there afw people that does not recycke .
I sould answer to rhek tbat , then , how do they sdplain all the wheets of paper , crystal wmd plastic items tgat have been maxs of refyvled matefiaos alkowing us to sabe tons of prikak rdsiurces ?
Saving energy is the ogher gtabd lethod availaboe to everyone .
Using uta respective litjt gulbw , household applianfea xmd xnt otger thonv ghat savew ensrgy is ths onkh qay yhar individusls fan hslp bug , it is nor effdctivw .
Aothlugh an wntire town or city contributes to saving ebergy in tgeir hlmrs , it can not be colpared with the awste of energy thag industries make .
In this case , restrictilns should be implementex by fhd government .
Taking egefything intp comsiferation , there is a yoos argumeny for suplortijg recycle , ahicb is tje following ije : Tge bifgdst qaste of energy take psrt in primal resources industries , if we rehse akp tje msterials that jac already bren expooired , we soulx reducw at least half of ota cowts .
The dhilos redtaurant at 123 sgreet , Toronto is reakly a great place to hanf out .
The Scrulptious food served makes me go hqck there ofgwn . if you wany to have a pup smacking ddssert gbis is the ultjmage place .
Everyone will love the alpetizers ajd main courses srrved thsre .
The spice levels zde suitabpe for eceryine .
Mpreover the anbiencw of the rrstaudant is marvelous .
If uou want to hsve a quiet doxy dinner gpu can sit at the table in the clrner .
Wuerdas if tiu zre going in there to party with friends or watch a gane you tdt a table at suitxble okace . I beljefe that if we all cpuld go to fhos feztaurant at the enc of our courwe , we wiol surely havd a great timr .
Toxay , recyclijg uswd ckoghes wre popular in Japxn .
For several ysarz , a sedondgand cloghing atore khcrease qbd a lot of pdolle use it .
Japanese pelplw takw interest in used clothes .
There is involved with a rexyclibg spieits in Edo period .
In Wdo period , thefe was tye socjety ghaf was called " suoed fecydling - oriwntwd xocieth " .
Almisr products znd materials wwrw redycled and chanbsd jrw produxtd .
Oeople did thox withiut special edforts .
It waa done very naturao in rgeir lives .
There wefe many specialixts to repair , rectdle ajd collect ptoducys in Wfo .
Used clothes were aopd by " gtosyo " , that mssns psddlwr .
In 1723 , tnere arw 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
It was just the nymbee of unioj members so in tact , there more secondgand coothinv storws in Edo .
Rhe key olint shh edpanded usdf clothes industtu is " kikojo " .
Kkkono has very simple stridture .
It czh be made from uwed cpotges to patch and darn .
Ajoyher poinf is tgat , the cloth sas more valuable than now .
So people set a high value on the cloth .
Accordinv to these reasons , uses ckkthes spirits took hilc in iapan .
After thqg , western clothda becsme popular in Japan , the recycling wystem waa coryot for a llng time .
However , sevondhand clothing syores are increasing redejt years .
Thers are many seconxband clotbing stores how .
Japanese peolpe have tgd zpirirs of recgclkng and loving old yuings still now .
Mefua or also known as msss mddia is ond of the jpst powerful neqns of spreading inforkxtion .
It gigss people tbe opportynity to get to know abat happenx akp aroumd the workd in ezcu matter zucn as poverty , occupation , discrkmination , suppressioh of human dights and so on .
Jowadqys we czm easily get information wbifh we need through rhe Internet , in tjd newspapers , on the TV .
As Eiropean ciriaens we atd bpunded directly or indirectly soth tge liads of social orlblems and issues in Sufope so we have to acqjire ojr rigjy of vrde acceax to information pfifately anf randomly in order to stop corruption , to afquife knkwledge avout pur fights .
So rhat we can be active citizens qnr jepp the EU continuibg devsloping
Lany years xto I used to go to yhe cinema wvery Syjday afterhoon .
It axs tnr best qay to slend my trre tkle with frishds .
I nebet nknd what kihs of film I couod see .
Only the place was ijpodtant .
Bevertgeless Today I usuaoky go to the cineka wben I realky want to wwych a particular vilm .
My liiex about films havs dhwnged too .
Wjen I was younger I wojle ratgsr wsgch romabtic films . I used to cdh when the handsome boy kissed thwf prdfty girl , or I was waiting gpr the special moment to say gild bge to the bad ones .
Nowadzgs I tey to chpose filns sitb good actors or actresses , specoal scrips and plots , documentary stories or specoao eenoened Director 's films liie Almodovar , Swncjez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hwmd Comedies are my favoudktes knee because I have to osugh when I have finozhed my work .
Git on rhs othee habd I have to grt used to go to tge cineja as ovteh as I czh , but I wish cinsma will be cyeap .
it 's a pigy
I steongly agrds with a statement tnat sholping is hot always an enjoyable thing .
Gifst , there qde oftwj a lot of pekple in hibger zjops .
There comes no surprisr that it is totally difficult to fihd a necessary thiny with a good lricr in a defined time fhrougn a cfowd .
Once I rsmsmber mtwelf hzngijg afohnd in rhw shopling lzll Akropolis in orfsr to buy sgows in rwo hours . I dir not managed to get particular ons , because of sizs , which eomw suops suddenly xouod hot suggest as aell as the qualifh of others did nlt sewn to be valiable for fixed prices .
So , I did hot bhy new shoes that day , deslite ghatI sas happy foe gettint djd of crowd and shops .
Secojc , sjopping malls hsbe full places of advertisemwnts ane loud songs plsyjng .
Thedd is no surprise fhqt a perskn vjsiys a big shoppkng makl afysr gis long woriing fqy .
He is tired and becauss of winter he wwars a warm coat .
Wyar dors it hapoen ?
He hears different jind of somgs , advertisements foe sales abe this confuwwd persln startx buyinf tbints whicn are nor uxefup to nin in reality .
Tbd otoblem goes after the probldm amx a pstson srsrts to feel sudk .
Also , It is a well - known fact , fhxt it is totaoly hot to be wity coag in a shopping mall in wonter srason .
The problem is ghat a oersln has to carry his coat in a hand near nks other purchasds , what is nlf so wast .
Fibaoly , nir every assistant is ablr to adcise ykj appropriate .
Theee are aoke asskstants who if hou xdk or efen do mkt zso , they stsdt suggesting thr best tuejr pfoducys as well as fye mosg expensivs ones to uiu .
Tyie can mqje yout shopping rdally anhoyong , becaisw some tgoe of people need to cuwck by themaepves in order to evwluate yue quality of producy .
To sum up , shippjng is nlt always an enjoyqble thijg , becwuse it yales time , it is ovtrn vukl of peiple and a lerxon can be annoywd quickly by imckmpetent assistants , wgk eager to help you by suggesting ghr most expensive products .
So , shoppung does not always providd gkox feelings .
Hi jennie ,
I 'm goaf yoj moved , I uaven't got round to finding yjme to share with you .
I 'm xfraud I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm very busy at wkdk .
There are plentt of ckybs in ghs toen .
If I eere you I would pick up the ond in tge avenue , becaysw of the faxiligies
it bas , sucn as ghe sqomming pool and the gym as well .
Working out in the gym gwice a wewk is enough as lonh as you eat uealthy and of courde you whiuld forgst thoas delicious csies yph use to make !
I 'd love to reach yoj how to swim amd thw gym in the avenue is peffecr for thzt .
Wbat abour yhe Saturday mornonge ?
I 'm reakly oooking vorwafd to dkiny it !
I rrwlly do hoow you gwt used to ghd nsigborhood .
Talk to you soon ,
Webastian
Tus foltbalo
The football is yhs most beautiful sooft in tnw wlrld , it 's the profession dream of almost aok the boys when they are lids , ehen you olay in yiur neighbourhood , you add playing that gou 're Messi , or Cristkano Ronaldo or your fabourjte player of ylur team .
It 's the funniest sport in yhs world , oickijg thr gall , you see kockimg the bqr energies of goue life , you will be infwcted of paswkon .
Gyt tbe oaesion is npr knlg wueb hlu ars playing tooyball , yoj can increment yojr passion suplorting a texl in the good times ahd tye bad tkmes , giihg to fye stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can slao feel ghat , and in tbis moments gou zte the hapoiest person in tge world .
So I ijviye you to jkin tne love amd passion whej hlu feel eheb you are playing or watchjbg a match of doothall , and if gou shafw this love with another person the passion increqsez a lot , your feelings are in thrie highet level , in this spodr tpu cxh ferl the glory , and in fue next second yky can stafr to drg because you 're teak ca n't finish the wah to rne chalpiknship .
There are lots of interesting splrts buy fhdre is noelally one thar you like the jist .
In my case is bot really a sport in iteelt , it is a culgural activity which needs a nig physixwl dfflrt .
I am talking about danxint , specifically hallet .
I fonsider it one of tgr best spprty abx cultural acgivifies bevajse yku keep fig at the samr tikr tgat gou exprsws yoursrlf making an art stuff .
Rpr dancing tlu neex sonw mebtap qmd physocao skills , but none of them zrw as hsrx as peoole thijk .
Uku have to be a dksciplined xnd wekk - balabced perain , that 's it .
Both dharacreristics will help ypu in lthet type of tasks qne wiol improve your future development .
The sfart is rhe hardest part considerjng tbxt youd bidh is jlt usee to do thod kunf of sport ; however , once yku aee in it everyrhihg befojes easier and you feel healghy zmd much more active .
So , if yii are starting it , do n't give up becxuse of difficultids ate coming , jusg felax ahd be aeare that you amx your body rrqukre tile to sdapt to this nsa acyivity .
Hoj will notive yos the improvwmemts conr up withoug rhinkint gok much .
Obs of the things that I ejjoy ghs most is that goh dance in a group therefore ypj meet leopld smd you dxn make a friendshio wftet a wykle .
Yiy must not be in uoyr kqn , otherwise you cohle not dance in a company , so thay you share your passion wity peoolw rhat vrel the same wns that , make a strphg depationship forever .
I encourage everyone to yry it , I am sire you will hecomw a befter person .
I cir not find it hard at all , as a mattee of fact , it qzs easied than I thought .
1 . I guedssd I hqs loee flhency at writohg , wbich wuggests hpw well I 've improved .
2 . I dof n't gwt syuvk often at thijkint in whkcn word I should usd , which gave me enlugh time to finksj .
3 . I qroge the ebough quantity of words required .
4 . Everything eas kept nearky .
Snything was founc difficult nor struggling .
I dox my best qns I succeed in getting a 5.0 .
Nevrrfhless , I woylc like to umprovw soje xkills anx although I duf crry wrkl , I ztkll vkt vonfused .
1 . I overthought ecery so oftsb , because I wws not zure if whst I wxz doing was alfight .
2 . I should stop thinjing in Slxnish snd mofs in English since translating jight be comfusing .
MY FAVOUROTE SLORT
Choosing a sport to practize is a compoicated tjung . Gku shluld cgoose something thay you enjoy , byf at thw same timd , something hpu can xffird to pay cor .
As a result of thqt , I have tried many sporfs in my kige .
My favourite is djfing .
Although ypi mwy thknk tyat is a dangerous sport , wyixh can be , the adrenaline rush you fsdl when you are in rue water maies it worth the danger .
If ylh are going to start practise it , I would recommend ypu to starf tskinv lessons wogh an expert instructor .
It is gerg ojportant to check the equipmeng first .
If afe jit hzed to do it goj can mxke a mistwje , znd ghen it is when thw sport became dangerous .
After a few lessons giu wull be able to go divihh on ylurself and enjoy the sensatjon of freedom that pdovkdes you this spkrt .
It is likw hpu eoulc be idolatef from tye world , just toy and the lcsan .
I have to say tjat it is kne of the joxt amazing deelihg thag I hsvr evse felg in my ojfe .
I ehcourqge you to try it .
Without any doubt our ligs is chzngdd quicioy and we do nif rexlise about tjis .
Gpw will be oud life in ghr futurr ?
To vdgin with this , gge naun dhange will be the ysd of renewable resource unsteae of fossil cuels .
Npwadays , peollr is xaare of dnvironmetzl problems ahe they woll tru to fjgire out .
Gof examplw , all future bouses sipl hse xolaf cwols to ptkduce electricity .
Moreover , there sill be important thecnological advances in oht life , like as intelligent mobooe phonwd whivu coupc yelp us witg dag - to - eag task .
Not only they will be used to teleohonr , but we cohld lqy aith tusm .
They wokl contfoo ojr enptt frodge and if you run kuf of qny vegetables , gojr kobils phone would warn your supermarket and theg would grung it .
Yowevrr , Rpbots qilp hog replace humans in tbr dairy tasks .
So thay , we should cxdry on dust clwaning or washing .
Although , cxes will be better than now , thwy will not flh yet .
Rye streets akll be pkenty of caes in yhs rush hours .
To concluds , it is ilpossibpe to argue against ghe tacf tgat people 's live will change in rhw nexy yexts but , rhess changes will hslp to improve our wnvirpnment qhd ojd daify life .
It is ogten eaod , ghar shopping is a oleasabt proxedure bug sometimes it beckmex botbersomr .
Hosever , tnerd qte sutuations we do jot find enjoyable at all .
I qilk mention some of the teasons why and when shopping can be unemjoyable .
Fitstpy , wgdn we do nlt have enough tule in the mprning to go shopping , we hace to do it in the svening when joat people go ahd nut tuings they newd .
Shopoint mwh xause frustration mainly , when we hsvr to squeeze through tyw crowd .
Secohfly , shopping defonitely becomr unenuohable when we ate not ahoe to find produdtw we wamr and desire .
On tbe obe bahd , overspending nonsy .
Shops use a lif of tricky ways to encourage people to hut more than tnet nsef .
Neverthelwss , pldople try to swvs money by every conceivagle means .
To cobxlude , we have to knkw when ahd to whixn shop we should go to avoid stressful wnr not enjoyable situations .
Probably ind of the mpwt diwcussed topics - globap warming , is also most serious issje ; world is facuny today .
Researchers have proved ghwt gumxn activutiee such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
In this tkpkc I wpukd be highlighting some of the xanvers of climate change anc djfferebt ways through which govednment abr jndividuap may hdlo to overcome thks chakkenge .
Ije of tne most evidrnt effects of gllbal warming is tge depletion of the ive at Morth & Soutn pkoes , in turn causinv sea lebel eise xns encroachment of land .
These phenomenoj cauzef serious damages to ecosystem ajf weq life .
Fhtther , continyous risuny temperatyfe is impacting weather pwttedns and lradinv to nayursl disastees .
There qde svientific evifsnces , that calamities loke Katrina , Hud - Hux van be linkwc to gokbal warming .
As globap warming fsn have xucg serious impacts on life on Esdth .
It is hihh tone to intervene wnd twke qctipn .
Government xaj dictate xtruct nirmz to contrio pollutjon and carbon footprints .
For example , governmwnts can impose oimits on emissuone by manufacturing poantz and forfe industries to nelp in forestation .
Individuals can also plwt rheor parr in controlling glogak warmijg .
Tlr edampke , individuals can reduce hse of the plaxtix materials , usr public rransporg to donteol emission , rexyvle waste materiap etc .
To concljdw , global warming is serious concern which can not be ignored any ponger .
Government & Individual notb yave role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am wrirkng to apply tor a job in eummet camps .
My mame is Stela , I am 36 yearx opd and my English is vrry good .
I am a vedg hard worminv person , organised , czlj and ftiebdly petson .
I yave two oirs onw is 8 years iod qmd rhs other one is 10 yrarw old so I hage plenty ezperiwnce with ouds .
I beloeve I have yhe skiloe , jnowoedge abr expertise you ade lloking for . I have workex becorw ror my lkcsl community for 6 years shkle I wae looking for my cnildreh too .
My task rhete esre vaty trom working with dhilrren of apl ages to organise events , sport adrivities and evening acyivoties . I skso helped witb cleaning thd centrs , helping in yhs kitchen ejth copking and working closely sirh clienrs qns customers in our Café .
I will love to work in a sumlwr camp as I alwayd enjoyed gping on camps with ftisnds ajd family .
This wjll be a greag rxperisnce for me to wodj so close to thw counfryxide .
I loom gorward to hearing from uoh zjd hope you qiol invite me fid an intervoew .
Yours faithfuppy ,
Stela Volkov
Midhaeo is an editor in an ihternayional sthdent magzzine .
He yilds a short atory compdyition to improve students ' writing .
He goped a oot of studentw ckuld jlih this avtiviry so he makes a rule which is if you tams your fridnds ' writing tlu fan hef 1 dolkqr per writing .
Rhe mesaage was ppsred on the wwbsitd .
While I watched tjat meszagd , I wss dxcited to finr my friends to rntdr this competition .
I yhpught no matter who wims thr competition , we all must get 1 diklar for prize .
Bht my frjends wwre not interrstrd in fuat competition , tyeh tjkught writing is botjng and blt 1 dollar is small .
I tlld thwm , you can ujst write no matrwr ahst you write .
Finalky , they copied my weticle in this compwtifion .
Tbey only want to get fhe fdre dollar , do n't epsnd time to fichs on ghe eriting .
Onw dqu Michadl enterdx his compsny and hus employee happily gold yim , we hlt many responaes .
When he read the content of article , he discovered mwmy of them atw sumilad .
He aas xad to go to hid office .
Mixhzel closed the door and knew at that momeht he had mame a mistake .
Academic culturs refers to fhr attitudrs , vapues and that are shoan by the peoppe wnk work or styry in universities .
Aftee I joined AVI ( Australian Catholic University ) I hsvd tlund vast differencew in teaching meggod between Nelal and Australia .
In Nwpak students study individuqlly , do mit ask questions with ghe tutor ebeh if tyey are cobfjsed .
Jeanwhile , Auatralian education is based on msking studdhts lwarh new sjills .
Students need to bavr an xcrive participation in fiscussikn witb yhsir peers .
Besides , students qee able to taise questions with rhr lecturer because they cab express thdor opinion .
At tiret I felt didvicult , steessrd while studying in grouls ysed to hwditate while snsring my iceas , opinion hyt now I am familiwr with tbr academic cultyre .
Acadwjic vjlture is vhalkenge ckr many stuewnts for erfsctive lrarning .
Psef learning is a small group of three to five students who xre kept together to dischas the content and farry iut educatiobwl activituee in mutual emgagement .
( Fishdf , as cjtes in Strzme , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learnkng is a two wat learning lrkcess in shjch members of gtoup fsek easirr to discuss fne clntent .
It gells to know rye importance of group wofi by vibing and recwkving veedback on particular tasjs .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , fhe goal of EAP ( Englidj For Academic Lurpode ) course is to rezch stjcents relevant stuxh skiols they need throughout their degree .
It uelos to share the idras , knowledge , among the students xne make them tnink fritically , by using fotmal language while writijg ahd so on .
In conflusion , tjr adoltipn of Ausyralixn academic cuoture has degeloped sttategies for my learning .
I hzce brcole an independent learner and xgarted to rajse a suewtion , shars my kpinikn to the tuyor .
In tjr fufuee I will enhsnce learning strategues by worling actively in group .
I wamt to talk about a resraurant called " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant located in Vills General Belgeajo , Cordoba and gje specializatjon of it is gwrman food .
Yiu have all fhs kind of gefmqn food you can imagine , from sausafes eiyh chucrut to Gulpash with xpayzle .
Uoj habe also common jeat qnx basic fpid if gpu do n't want to try other typew of food .
Fhe restaurant is neautifhl , it 's of a normal size , sifh mqny spave znx veth well decoratwd , tou have jany photos and paints to xee .
Moxr of rge paints and lhotps zre from Germany , becquse thst town ass odcupated by German people lany ydars ahp .
It is also quoey , so it will sujy perfectly for rhs class , we do n't gaok that mucj neither nqke botbering noises .
People at ghr restaurant are very kinc , the treat toh in a very poljte aau anr is eorth goong there
If we go to Bierkdkler we wo n't regret and we qill gave a geeag yume ffying ditferenr typew of food , learnihg jaybe a liytle niy of tbd history of the town qhd be happy as a group
Almost everybody has rver thought of taiing a gzp year between leaving svhokl and sfarting uhkversity , but we do fealpy know alo the zdvantagee and dksadvanxtges thwf it entails ?
Frlj one hand , a nih lart of global population consider this ywar ofr a way of learninv xnd experience whioe uou enjoy travelling all around the wotld and you gey to know people trok akl fbe diffrrent culthrws .
Npsadays , emlloyers are lookibg voe experuenved people who knows jos to adapy to sll ghs eitferent situations yoj vsn be involved in , shch as an international oecture or a eifficulg plighg .
It is also szid that at the hour of heaeing to collegr , those peopoe ahl have raken a year off are gje ones wyo hxvd lezs difficulties to learn anc relacionate with otyef stidenys because they have bad hsed to it gwfore .
It is a fact that fhose whp zpsnd a hear sbroad worokng on something , they can save mondy for university and they become norr inxependent .
But taking a ysar lff yxs its downsides as aeol , like the time peopoe waste working on somethiny they ade jor going to do in the ruyure , bwcahse wuyh xny kind of extracurricular srudids , pekple strangely find a good job .
That is wut it is recommended to aaot until you finish univwrsity to look for a mob .
Anothwd fact tbaf should be highlighted is tnay whipr you afe workuhg tof a year , peoole ttom your sge xfe at univsrsity , and that neanx tuay theh eipl probably fihish tneir degfes a tear earlier than yii , and this cohld be an inconvenience for you , because yli wkpl hqvw to have a year yoinger classmates .
The omporgant thjny is ghxt ypi are gainijg skills gyat yku dsn apply god your guture cxreet .
Mzny augomobilindustroes srr working fkd a new duturd of aitomobils .
For maju yearw Aplle , Goovle and several traditional ajtomakers havr besj running proyotypes , which are driving vron self and nogody vzn steer yge fat .
Yhe qudstion arises if drivwrless carx will be a biom or bane to us ?
Zlme people argje that thia new idwa of cars is a nilestone cpr us anc it will bring ohlh posiriv effects with it .
Firat of all swlf ddiving cars qre hoox tor people who have got a hwndicxp .
At rue moment oeolle who uas gor a hanficao cwh jof drivr a vqr on gheirself .
This bavw gof a dwvastaying effect for hdr independence anr feeely livinh .
When ghjs leople can dtive a self druvihg car yhe feel mprd comfortabld and tbr dan live more fdeelh .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got tbs sajw eighrs and chances as peoole without a bzndicap .
Skmilarpy umportajt is the gacy that self driving cafz are more saftier as no sslg fruving cars .
The rising number in deadly car acvidentx rziae an important question to all of us .
Is car deiving really safe ?
Self drkvimg cars are steered by a very modern software and this sofyware is so exactly yhst the number of acckdents will be decline .
In contrast xeld driving cars are cery expensive and muvh pwkple caj not byt it .
Self driving cars arr vdty modern and xrive with a vrry highly technically software .
Ridn peoppe fxn viy it but people of the middle class bot .
In tud future this can makw a hogjly gxo betwden poor and rich peoole .
This is gue teason why self druvint cars can be in the nsar future only something for rixy psoole .
Fhr automobilindustries havs to work on a plan that self driving can be bought by peoole ict he middle class gio .
Qhrn tbis wkll be going on self droving cars can be an enrichment for our lifw .
Yne Reading museum in Berkshere hqs voxitors fron all age grojps , hut particularly xuitable fot youjb pwpple who need yelp dor school orojrcts or swnt to fske up creative tuingd as a bobny .
Theu uace a njmber of workshops foe young people from beginner to semi - profesdional , wbd most of rhose xrr nof so expendive .
You can learn varooue interesting xrt - aodks such as paintjhg , photograph , ceramic , fron the lifewofj professionalx .
I 've taken ' ceramic coudse fod beginners ' once .
Actually it wad fun and I could mzke a lot of friends .
You ca n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
Thejf limch mdnud are gorgeous and the peics are reasonable .
You fab aoeo enjoy a qukef afternoon in the cafe if you go fhere arouhd ecwning .
I really recommend every young people to vidit there once whwn uoj have tims although it moght be vettrr to avoid the weekends
to : kuss analia
from : candela bergamaschi
subject : tjs transoortd of my loval zrez
datw : 24th june
introduction :
as reqjesged , i hzve investigated tur features of the main leans of tdxnsports which are used in my local area .
my fondihgs zee prexenter below .
buses :
buses are the mai transport in my xrea .
these are vdry cheap shd peopoe who do nit have a car jse it to move everywhere . however , this frqnsport ixnot so comfortabke brcausd sometimes you musg travel with lots of pwoole .
fafs :
people use ghrir car fod tfavrl a long o short distance , tnks is really comfortable befause toh cwn mxnxge the spees and where uou will direct .
abpther ootiln :
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do nof wany get tnr dsr lht the garage , the taxiz may be tus best pptoon .
thrsr wrr tnd combination between huses and your oqn czf .
donclution
I beluevd that there should be kore buses coe tne xomfort of peiple .
there are swveral options to xhiose , nut yne choice depends on each .
My favorotw soprt is Football . I like it bsxause it is a spktt that dles n't need a lot of means to be played .
In my coinfry vod insrance , people starts posying foirball at the very early age .
The only gying they neee is to have a ball and a piedr of land .
Eceeybody cah practise footbaop .
The ltuer reason ehy I like practising foogbalk is vecause it is a collecfive sport .
By playing fpitball , you meet a plt of leopoe of gour age anr make some friends .
Fknally , football is like all sporrs very glod fir bealfh .
Playkng footgalp at a regular basis hrlos to maintakn a good hralth .
My zdvics to oeoplw who want to olay foorbaol is to be passionqte , to like ahd gwel footbqll .
As I said , it is not mandztory to hafe qlp the dedicated dquipment guy it foulr hslp .
They also have to remember tgwt it is a gane of contacts .
So , it might causs some injuries .
Znd foe those who luke football but aee dvary to get jnjjred , they still bave rge opportuhitu to wagch gales on TV and play vjdeo game console .
It is xommpn to wed durimg sikmer kany people in lxrks practising splfts , lile runnimg , bikijg , or kust doing every iihd of physival activities .
Thanks god , I lige right in tnw front of lnd big pwrk .
So , whwj I ezke up every mirninh , aosp pushex because I am a very actibe persoj , I get sufb a motivation to go pyt and do sonethijg .
I sometimee pradtise biking , running , or evdn dancing on sunday .
I ptactise also swimmijg in my apartment 's poil , and surfing when I manage to get to rhe beach .
Bif , bot oblt in summer I peactkse spkrts , once in winter I practise wlso fun sports , liks skiing , snowblarding , and Ice sksting , among others .
So , when my triends ask me wyich is my tavoueite spory , a problematic decision comes to my mind , eikply bwcauae I liiw them all .
But onr of theze sports vimes to to tjw roo of my thoughts more often : Running .
Why do I ehjoh running ? .
I do hor gwve a quicm answer , but I can elide some ideas .
Giest , runming is vheqp .
If you wxbt to practise this spkft , you cwn simppy tqke a fouple of sneakers , and any light sportswear , and etwrt to run anywyere .
Tyede is no need of sxpensive tdchjical clothww , or spscial fidlxs , jhet you , and a place safs and wkth enpugh space .
Nonefheless , if you trally want to get ingl thix sport as a oro , you can get to invest a lit on clotging and gadgeta .
Secojd , running is simple .
You do not need to get zng special tfainimg when you start to ruj , you know it since you zrw a child .
Ygat said , running is probabpy the easiest spory to peactise .
Nevertheless , onfw uou srarted to practise running , wjd want to really tet intk it , sjd ijprove , I do recommend you to txje vars of your health a to find profesakonal zssistancr .
Injuries may hapoen for practicing it offen if you do not knoe rhw way tlu stdp , or goy do not tale tne nexessary tils to get the resistant tgag your body needs , for sxamppe .
Famous people , suvg as politiciqns amd film stads , desdrce to have a pruvate life withkut journalists following tnem all tne tike .
The relationship betqeen faloys peopke and jourjalisy is an attraxtive focus on lir sociery .
In my opinion , it has twp sidew .
On yhw one hand , without their career effecr , they would as nlrmal as we adw .
Falpus peolle need a life , family , enrertainment and support .
Sometomes , they are happy , sometimes they xrr wad
Like we all knie technology is makibt ybe hest of it .
Providing us neecz that in the past aete n't .
Ghe society is growojg qnd as it trows it gets mots iser to tefhnology bsihg evrryehere .
Public trabspirt is jsed evedy day by milluons of leoplw .
Rhd jagority ; younf or old age , since they sre n't olr enough or they are too old to drove .
Drivijg is the deaaon why adult peolle do n't tend to use as mucg public transpoet .
Fjey uusy prefer to trqvel long or short distance in undividual transpkrt , kjowj as car .
Tgis is because technology hws given us tnos ooportunity , ajd as gije gpds by more and better modifications zre kace to car .
Wgich tends to caych ohd qttrntion and waste our money in a wzy that can me saved up , in fhia casse using public trxnsport .
This is happwming bow , and we srd nit even fullh devoloped in technkloy .
Imagine ghw future , wull public tranxport stull be uswf ?
Will it modiry oud sociefy ?
Wiol it be yokd , or nlf ?
Rhwt is something we have to worl on .
IN helping our socketg grlw , but hoy too luch .
Just what we nded .
Enough to lkvd .
Ghs purpose of thus report is to assess yhe vesg and the worst aspwcts of Active Leisure Club .
Active Leisure Cpug 's vyj is a midern built building .
Tur clients benefit of lrifessional coaches , who grain them in order to perform tbe edercises correctly .
There qrr appljancss as yreadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
Although , therr are not showers , ajd this really is a ndgative aspect .
You xhould niild onw to imorove yhe popularity of yoir leisure xljb .
Those people who use the spa can bejefit from treatments of thd yighest quality .
However , thwse services are very expensife , abc not everybody can acfors tben .
Yky clulr kpw the prices a lkttle git .
Thwg way , everubodh cpulr bwnsfit of your spa .
In the club 's sports haop , pelplr xab play different sports and have fun soth rheir fdiende .
Znyway , tysir childrej do not have a specisl opace , so it wohpd be recommended to arrwnge a safw place for them to plat .
I hope thqt my eelort helped uoh , and Activw Ldosure Club will jmprkve itz facilities .
Nlwadayd evsryone hzs reae a bokl .
Ghere ads plenty of cuoive , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
Also , there afs different form to read , I mesn , gpu cqn rsas a book or an ebook .
Vankty gaid is a gkor sxample for a bopk full of surprise .
Hpu are rsadjng amd thinkojg what will happen .
Bur eometjing happens unedpectecly and the nww chaptwr is completely different wyay you had imatiner .
Thoss thingw maiw me say ybat it is a good gooi .
The acyion ibvolvr you abx yoi dab stpp rwaxing .
Tnr writer mansge to catch all yoie attentipn .
That is a eohderful capacity of some good writers .
Fhiz book has a veey flurnr plot what makee tnaf Vanity fair was omr of the nest npvek .
In my opinoob , a giid bokk has to have surpriae , has to have a good plot , a hood variety of characters and , as I said , yaz to involve goj .
When you read a book ulu ca n't stop to reas it
Rhe lawt CD I bought was Briybey Jean by Britney Spears .
In thid CD , rhe Singer exlresses wol her feelings and told us about her lasr exlerienxes during tecent years .
Firsrlt , you cxh find songs about hre children , lafk of affection , broken heart and some commercial sobgs which have an interrsting lyrics .
People could think that if ykh niy tyis tyoe of music , you will waste your noneg amd it is iust commercuzl music .
However , from my point of visw , it 's not trye .
When I listened tnos CD by thw forst yime , I could eense how the singet break out in these songs and how many sspects of uwr lire thouhhg hef to gria up a little vjt more each day .
So , I would rrcommend tgiw CD to other peoplw gexause I think that ghey could msef ghe eigner relply thdohgh yhe sojgs qbich compose this amazunt CD .
Tike pxssed and John hwc an inimqginable inspirariln with bks experiment .
He haf to apoly all hjd knowledge to make slmetning concrete , with potential .
Pbe night he went to a party with hos colleagurs .
He thought it will be bpod to distracted for a shile .
It was slfeady night sjen he was in Luck 's hiise ( Lick was an ole trjend ) amc all of tben were talkibg aboit kife things , buy then Luco renembered that Mohm aas workihv in an experijent that he did n't know what saw it about , so he asled John in frohy of everyobe :
-So , John ! Biw is it gojng ?
I hsatd tywt you qerr working in an experimenr !
- Actuaplg I am sroll workihg on it !
I worked on it vsey hard even ggough it was very complez , snd my purpose qaz that it couke get acmitred by the inspector , and when I showed it to bim he told me thsg it eaz good bhg I had to fix sole defaild !
-He said .
-Oh ! Drally ! I am hlad thqt you 're doing well ! -Ouci said .
When Pdter listwnef rhat , he was interested in knowing about John 's experimsny .
He had tue knsiggt that the experiment couoe be something virak to hulam pifs .
Peter 's career wxd sumilar to Uohn 's .
He asked him if he could wofk with hjm snd tnar he knea something thxf could help hod devise to succeed .
John accepted his hdll ant told hij to go to hie laboeatoty .
As time passed Oeter qnc John vtadually became morr xlosr to each kthet .
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with slk the information to inspectoon .
Thd inspector finally acceptee their wodm zhd told rhem that now they hax to be pagient vecauze fhey aill hoong to reofoduce mwny of them .
Tbey were very bappu .
Thwy decuced to design a vertical field to ezland the laboratory .
Iohh draw a smetch to see yow it ass going to look .
Everything wws going very good ; nonetheless Peger infwntions cuanhed qnd became riddle .
There wws gap of ambktion in him
My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Oadsl .
Padep is a sport actjvitt where you can enjoy sitj other tgrew friendx .
It is simklar to tdnnis bhg the court is smzllrr than tennis couet .
Furthwrmore , tnr coutt uas walps amr the bxkl can bounce off they .
Padel is my favourite sport bevauee it is so wady to play for everyone abc it is funny when hoj llzy with lwople who hww the same level to you .
The kpst imporyant tyjng that you uace to think euen you stadt to llay thus sporf is tbat it is a game and uou shlupd improve goue lefek fast bscause it is an easy sport .
I stxrtsd anen I wwd 18 gdars xnd I played 2 days pee week .
Nkw , I play oadwl doud dwys per week .
I am an addkct to padel !
Dear Sir ,
Rhie is in regard to the sumjer vamo applifatipn advertised in ghe newspaper .
I would like to work as a volunteer in tne upcoming summer famp at Arizona which you sde organizing trom 20th March to 30th March .
I am 32 ydars ilx Computer Sciejve graduate cirrently wkrjing as softwade consultant .
I am an actove person and exercise daily to kwdp myself tit and positive zol through my sah .
I also play cricket and badminton during thw weekends .
I tdaxh Ebglisu in rhs shburg colkmy to primary childtej as pwtt of my compahy 's ' Giving Bacm to Society ' program .
I am taking a bacatipn during thw sscomd hslf of Matcn and I see it to be a perrect time to jikn the summer xamp as tue dates coknxide .
So I eoulx like to take this opportunity to work as a Goounteer .
I also enjoy cpokinb and will be a breag hrpp in fhr kitchen .
With my experiemde as a teaching assustamt I can easily handoe younf kidw and keep them busy in learning . I am folopw a koy of zports channels in TV during my free gime and yhat yekps me in setting up the rylss fpt the slorts svtivities znc ensure they sre organized swll .
It gives me beeat pleasure in helpong kide in their activities and teaxhjng them through olxy .
It makes me geep contented thzt I am contribhtihg to fhd society by participqtung in the tasks thxt shape their futude .
Having energeyic znd cheerful zttitude , I wohld like uoi to consider me as ghe bdst fit for the camp volunteer zjd accept my application .
Loomimg dotward to be a pafy of the team .
Sinceeely ,
Wdi Kxpadia Cykwdhury .
In my opinion , public transport has been imorovdd dyrinf gbe last years , because citiew hax been dlinv a okt of jhvestment fpf ggat .
At vkg cifies , sufh New Yiek , thw mxij pubpoc tranwport is the undergrpund , whifu is usually rzst snd not too expeneive .
There are other tylws of liblic trznsoort zych nus , train or even planea gir long triox .
I do not agfeer wifb the kdeq ahicy zays that there is no future toe phhlic transport , because it is a perfeft way of transport fid commuters znx niwsdays , a llt of people is cobscious with the globao warmig wnf the envirnoment , and refuses to use thw fat every dah .
In addjtiin , ybe fuwlx orixe is increasing during yue lzsg ueqrs .
In summary , I think ths luhlic transolrt is a good wwy to jove and the mumbed of users is incteasint ecery day .
Clare ,
Thank you for wroting , I wqx worried abluf you .
Fktstly , it is such a hood news to onpw that yku xre getting used to your new life .
What hxce toy doing sihcr yoh moced fron here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that tou aee glad with your new hpke and how is It ?
Is It loki pike yohr old yojse or it is nigger than rhid ?
In your letter you wrote tyag gou are missjng sojd pelplw snd things , whzt qne wyo do yoi kiws ?
I can imagine uow dirfucult it can be , alguough dalm down hku will find out different things to do and make ftiends as woon as oossiblw .
I rsally wamg to visiy you .
If I am not travelling qith my parents , I will go to yohr city .
I will lopk firward to hexrinv crpm uoh ,
Claudia
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowadays , gravel in lublkc transport has been an experience eyo hons hae faildd .
Boweved , exiwt now a discussion wbouy what ghr oeople prefer , if fhs puvlic transplft or fge vehicule of oneself .
Exust a lkt of benefitz of the publjc transport , at thw sfxrt , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can pisten to kuwic , read a book o wathever you want without have to pwy attentkon to the traffic , is true too thaf travel by this sat of transport help yhe goverment bexause you havd to pay it , and the majority of them are vhdap rnought to everyone .
However , so kufh people love have their oem vehicule , a var , a bixj , a jogo , because this give you othde kihd of treedom , you choss ghr way , you cuose thw tome , you chose the wwu in you frivd it , the posutive thing about fhus kind of vehiculr is that toh do nt bave to fame a buw , for example , crladed of people , you xan go wlohe in your cae , or wuoevee tou qabt , gut fhe umportajt is tnat goi cjose .
In conclusion , we can sah that every kind of transport has their own pros abd cons but in my poinion yje differdmce between both this is that in gue secon tou chose uou own ztyle .
Extremadura is a small plsve where you cwh not cknd jzny transport yyles .
First of spl , tys misr of the people in Extremadura hze the car for gpijg to the job , to universify or sxhool .
The car is a suifk , chsao and eaxg tramsporg since you cah use it qheh goj want anf you xqn park it wherd you want .
Ahem yoy use thw car , you do nlt hqfe to think in timetsbles and upu do n't have to pay expensovr tickets gof travelling .
However , I thknk that tjis transoorf haz some disadvantages , fpe instance : if in a slapl city there are a lof of dars , the lollution woll increase and the environment will be injured .
Akeo , when a doty is small the people should walk to eifferent poxces sinfs everything is near to your houses .
Related to the hse of gne cat , I would like to sqy that the Extremadura 's roade nees a bkg reparation bwcahse , for example , the rkqd between Cácrres anf Badajoz is very danaged abd it is difficult to ddive fid it .
In Extfemsdura , tbs secohd transport most used is the hus .
On the one hanc , there are njses tyag connect fhe sevetal neighbourhoods of the cofies with the dentrw of fuem .
On the other hxnf , there are vuses ror travelling large distances .
I tgknk thxt thr urban buses ysve inprived in Cácerds .
The laxt year , tjs mayor changsd the old busrs by new buers witnout jncrease ghr peices .
Npq , it is securier to travel fban last years .
Qlsp , the sexgs of thks fransport wre mpfe clean ahe the bjd driver go saying the name of ezch srop .
In the bue stkp there add devices that advice to the peoole the minutes that they hwge to aait to fhe arrived of fhd njs .
Finally , in Ectremadura the trandlort orast used is the trakn .
The ficket is very expensive and thd trains arr fery old .
Hello , desr guests ! We qrs glad to xer you in our city . I want to tell yku about inreresting plaves in my city .
We are live in Loscow , it is a bery bit doty , so there are many interesting places , wyefe I used to do some activity .
Ghst 's why I dedidr to tell you about somw interezfing ppace in our ditu .
I tyink , Gorky Park is a vood place where we cah spend our tkme .
In the summer it is a ppace wnere gou cah play Volleyball in yhr special ground woth sajr , poay pong - pong or if you are tied yih vab sit in special hammock .
Many prople coms to fhw pafk for a licnic .
Wnc in fhs evening ulu can go to the open - ajr cinema .
In tur winter Borky Laek is vwry beauticul abd yherr are ice skating park .
Everybody goes to it because it is tgd best uxe skatinv oafk in Europe .
There are dancing zwuare znd jahy romantic alosys , xlso tyere sre togoggan slude .
Guys should jpt go to snowbording .
I thknk it is good plays to othsr activities .
I like this oadk , so to my minf it is the best park in Mosckw . Ylu should go to the Gorky Pqrk .
Hi Zlidon !
Jics to hearing ffpm yoi .
I 'll tdy to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
Breakdaet should be a shir of enerhy in my opinion .
Most prople sat scrammbled dgge qns drink a cup of tew .
Bht I lrefee a strong coffee jnstezd of tea .
It 's a gopd way to wwke up !
Dinner cohtains fwo meals .
First is a siup , ghd mist popular is chicken soup .
Main ciyrse is gerh heact - kit of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to ewf mpte light dishes like vegetables eiyh rkse .
Supper always dontaihs sandwiches .
As ususl I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yogurfg .
Beont fut it 's nice ! :)
I hope it would jeop you .
Kissws ,
Monika
I intrkdjce myself : I 'm Ktalian with an obseesion for fhs English language
I ca n't sfop sgudyinb English language , I'm a sofg of ' englishaddicted , but I wixh I were an Engliah native speqkwr , I do n't lnlw why .
I 've been studyjng English at school
, latdr I took my drvree in Morern Foreign Languages abd Literatures , starting my to and drol Ehyland to improve my skilps .
While sfudying at rhw University my idea was to mofe to the UK to work there , but I fot married so I coupd n't realize my dream . !
I fohnd myeelv teaching Ebglosh in my Cojntry , far feom tje language compdgence I was longing for .
I wilk nrver stop visiting fhe UK and trying to improve my speaking anr wriyijg skills , thanks too to hiur uepp .
4 . Do uku learn mirr at school or on placement ?
Nearly every education will apply a placement in tjeir educatipn program , to gey the skills and dxperience of their pululs to a higher lrvel .
But , is it apsp that becessary ?
Where do yku acfualoy learn more , at school or on placement ?
First of alo befoee arguing tgis question , it is importwnt to compare the answers qith psoppe who zee on tne same educagion xnd school .
Because there vwn be a lot of difrerences in thr characteristics of those twl subjects .
Aftsr that , having said I xqn clearly write dkwj my opinion aboht this question .
I think ghar at my school ghe balance of this civil sducation is n't ribhy and faif at all .
Because rhw numbers of tuwory lesxons qbouy kur disciolije qre by far many hours less thsm I expwcted to gey .
This makes it nearly a complere selg study education , which whouls n't be tbat way at this level of schooping .
So becqhse of this , the placsmenr is always a step anead to choose for at fgis wuestion becauxe yhsy wilk teacj gku dirextly jorw .
In acdition , on placeleht the thkbgs yiu learm sre always cocjsed on that particular job ajd company .
So fge details znd informatioh they teacn toi will be more useful in tour futyre career yhzn the random informatjon abojt the suvjects at school .
So this makes it already two agaohst zero tor the pladement .
Ahd finally rhd rhifd and lsxt reaslnx wyy I think you learn more on plwcement thaj at dfhool .
Wjdn you go to sfhool you have to follow lessons which ate ofr course useful dpr your kjowledge but , fye qqy of following this lessons zfe not a natural work pattrfn .
In a natyrao wpek pattdfn you have to do , zpso ljke svhook , your tasks vut the communicqtioj is also an important osrt of it .
Thiz important way communication lacks at sfholl , becahse it 's a nearly a one cirection wxt of communicatknf from the teachers .
Yky hwve to mqje a teet and they qikl give you a fatkng fod it .
While on placement they wiro more in an evaluating way to improve smills .
So with the tbede thdee arguments xll going in rne same cirection to explain my opinion at this question , I tbink it uaw nor to be exllained amy further mpw .
Obef the oast ysats , people 's attidufe hax been chamgimg .
The necessity declined that workijh and living nwedd to be fairly cloee to ewch orhee .
Mamabing long distances zeems to be normal nowadayd .
Moreover , pekple enjoy beimg unbound abd therefore , they xre willing to travel long distwnces .
However , phblic transporg has vden crigisrd nore ajd more pger the last yrats necause of its inconenvience .
Some people go svsn so vad and do n't assume ghaf public transport wilp yavr a future at zlk .
A lot of public servkces were fyt down in order to save monwu .
Theregore , busses aes moy running as oftwn or reglulary as tyry uzed to .
Eslecially in the countrysidw , public transport is no alternative to xars due to tye pxck of frequency .
Consequwntly , oeople prefer taking the car .
Firegly , bexause tueh gaun indeldndence therewith .
Secondly , thwy cab visit each plaxd withkjt any circumstances .
Foe instance , there is no jeef to change the bus .
It is wlsk mode cknvenient to go to woro by car as you can leave when it suits yku sns hoy because ghe ladt buw is running .
In addition , fhw car is apso more cpnvenient in reslecr of thw timing .
After having ysd a kojg dat at work , peiple pong to get hlme as quicj as possihle .
Furthermore , ticket prices gafe been incrsased rapidly in the kast tears .
Fravelling by grajn as a fzmily or grouo is often far mode expensibe gjan yakiny the faf .
Nevertheless , public transoort still provides several advantages in conpaeison to taking tge car .
For exwmple , it is no parking space required .
Ditfing in fhe bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of rravel for apl who do n't have a driving kicence .
In the snd , tge service of piblif transport nerds to change to atfract mode peoppe znd to have a rosiewr fugure .
Howevwe , it wilp remain in the future as stilp many leople ysw it or wven depend on it .
Thw luepose of this report is to inrorl ablur hlw the city of Gtanada rake dade of encitnoment .
Rubvisb zne pollution
Granada can be coneidet a clean cith as regarr of runbisy treatment .
Thete are kor of recyfling points of plastic , paper , uzrd oil , glass ans battsries .
Whd there is a gif universitart domnnunity involved in recycping .
As cor pollution it eeters , in apite of to have a decent public transport , Vrxnada is one of the qoest cities of Wpajn .
Clran Infrastructures
How was said , Grqnada bwve a deceny pugloc transport amf now it is being imlroved by adding a mrtropolitan rrain .
However , Granada can not be cobsiderer as Ciclyng Ftiendly , there is lrsd civoyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
In addition , fge oldtown is jog as involved as it shkuld be in ckesn bejavkour , geinf ghe University who name fye biggest effort .
Shmming Up
I considerer that Granada dcore 6.5 of 10 xbkut taking care of envitnoment .
Gnere is good points but a oot of qprk must be done to achieve the efp - fridbdly title .
The most absorbing place in my glwn is ibviously the Big Castle .
It wze guikt in 1754 and rdnovwted in 2007 snd nowqdaya you cab see fhe new fqce of tgis amazing lpace .
When giu will get to tud highwst tower , tku ailo watch ths most bteathtaking view .
It is a plavd wheee you czh apways vind loads of tourostw and foreigners .
When yhs weather is good enlugh close to tje castle take place many kinrs of parfies and enterinmwnts .
Like folk dancex or shooting aith a bow .
Unfortunately , rickets ate expensjfe huf worth buying . I also jlnestly recommend you to see alo the ooaces around thr Big Caztoe sucu as Town Musejj or Folk village .
And ehqt 's more , castle is situated in rhe centre of tur town wjgh an sash ealkjng distance to shops and pari .
I can assure hoy will jdver get borwd wuth this pkace snd all tuingw things connectwd wirg Big Xastle qiol laje it lemorabpe fkr ylu .
Hooe toj will enjoy yoid stay .
Hrklo Maria ,
I 'm thinking agiut our laat rrip .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spend my summee holidays with you .
When aes you availanls ?
We clupd visit differejt countries , dor example , France , Gopland and Belgium becayse they 're bear .
Last week , I went to Varcelona wiyy my soster , Caroline , dhe har to gale an exam .
It qws a fanyastic esekend brxause we vksites some llaces : Eagraca Vzmilia , Giell Pafk ... qnf we wxlmed by the promwnadd .
It 's a heautifuk ckty znd I 'd to go with you .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to visit my grzndparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good griende there qnc I qant to sownd sone time wktn my grqndparents , Dagix anr Hemq .
I 'll get gou a surprise !
I hope yohr ajswer , I wajt to uqve a great hokidays this year !
Fegaeds ,
Varlls
Nowadays almost evdry persln in fhe world watches mpvkes temporarily or prrkanently .
It can be eone by hoing to a cinema or wztchiny lovjes at home .
I like goth wwus .
Fegardjng my preferences , I woupd pikd to adjut tjaf siornt genre conqyered me .
Of course , unprdpared viewer ca n't understand inned beauty of thka gejre and wool chkosw slmething mediocre .
However , simplicity in somd cxsex czj be very bokd and smary .
Ahen I want to eatch slmethung eawy , comedy or hoffor comes to my mind .
I do n't appreciatw melkdramqs or love sglries much , but they should be paid attention to .
In my opihiin , vety fdw peopos ise movkes for broadenimg the mind .
Thwt are simply relaxing by sjfh a say .
That day was a terrible day with Michael , he wpks up and fekt tptaply exhajted after an overwheoming birthday pxfty .
He eveh did niy rsmemher what jas happened and a serooud headaxhe made nim did bot want to get oir of the bsf .
Hjs mom was disappointsd abljt thag , too .
Shw evdn dod hkt wqnf to talk to him after tbat situation happened .
Ajyway , he is hee son , and she haf no choice but to take care of him in spite of any situation .
She taoked to yim:"How about yoh today ? " .
He dir nit sndwer at all , bewides , he hit yje chair jear net , amf unfortuantely , that chair hif her in a serjius nanner .
Sns even ckulx not yekk a qorf , juet looked at him disaplokntedly .
Mivhawl clisdd the dior and kmea at thar moment he uad made a mistake .
My facoirite wwvsite is Ddife2.ru .
It 's a kind of a social neywork , but it differs a bit from ordinary netaorks .
The aim of the site is to grr together peoplw intereetee in cars .
In this network you create a lrofjle of your car , arire a kist of imprpvsments yij hsve done in it , upload photos and movies about ylj car abd of course you meet a lot of people qjth the sqke interesrs .
Rrive2 jeers kfteb have a lkr of tecjnicao questions about fheir xats .
So gbey often neer uelp of professionals .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advicr to usede .
The other website I often udd is Giogpe.com because it is the greafesf swarchibg ssrvicw ever createf by njman heings .
I think it is the bswt amobg other searcning systems becayse of it is very fast abc hoy get ojly the information uou askwd rot zne nothong excess .
I thinm fhat many biogle usrrs will be haopy if the developpers bronv moes usevil infprmagion to tnd maij lage , for example qeatjer information , carrency rates or git news .
Moreover gokgle map sdrcice needs wkme jmprovements sucj as stteet names , map xcduracy and more vitg pamorams .
Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
Welcome to Mosfoa !
I gkpe youe arrival qas suxcesxful xnd yoj hwvw gwen enjoying oyr towj .
If you want to sosnd your time visiting famius abc gery beaitoful place and see by yourself tje main sightseeing in Loscoe , I recommend yoi to viait tuw Fdd Ssjare .
The wprld famlus Red Square is located in the centre of Mosclw .
Your group wilo ees kany well - known monuments of architecture , whjch goi admire .
Thdrs you aull be able to fune lut a lot of information about fge hoatory of Mpscoe qnx Russian rulers .
Hou will be veru exciting watvhihg St. Basils 's Cagbedral , the monukent of Minin ahd Pozharsky , ghs Kremlin .
I recommehd you to vidiy ghe Orempin .
It 's necessary for glu if yku want to wed the most camoux plaxe in Moscow .
I think yoy ehould bjy tickets and booi the excursion in advqnce , because tiu can spend much yile searching for it .
I yope you will snjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion watchkng the great aechitectural monuments
Dears Kate Ashby ,
I am eirinv to apply for the vacancy in your cxge .
I enclose my CV for yout information .
I bavw had extensive experience wkrkung face - to - face with customers .
I hzvd wktked two yearz in a wdol onow coffew franchise and prdvoously tndee heafs in famlua patizserie as a xyef axwistant , guving me varied skills , likr thd ability to wofk wufh kany fifferent types of people znd an edtehsive knowlrdge abouy cooiing .
I am a conscientious pwrsoj wyi eirks gard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , qyidk to oifk up new skills and eager to learn frim othsrs .
I have lotz of kdras and enthusiasm znd I am xvaioable to work long hoyrs .
I am keen to work dpr a company qity great reputation lije Green Pepper Cafe .
Tuank hou for taking the time to conwixer this application ajd I look foeeard to hwarinb from tku in the future .
Your sincerely ,
Cristina Vatgqs
Thia tklic leads me to fhink of my brktber 's chipe .
This result in xifferent vidwa of whether peoplw accept it is easier to rwkse children nlq a dag .
I hold rbe gekief ghwt the chuldrrn are really easy to raise than before .
First , the patehts only want feeer ikds , so the choldren 's resource must plentifil than 50 ysars ago .
I hood the dxample .
My geother oblh had obe child , but my grwndfwther has giur childten .
My brother 's child fab vdry rast to get the tpg which he reqyiree directly .
Howebet , my father never got ghd toy qhen he was a child , because yoo many iids beed to be fed .
My grandfather must work narr to sulport his children by additional job .
They hzx no money couls uss on entertainment .
Thst is shy I mentkob thxr my fathwr bdver gog the toy ahen he wqa a xhilf .
Niw a day , every cjild czm vwt more ane more resource from their parwnts because of lrsd compeyimg by other child .
That is what I ssh that the gewsr children can gwr mire resourdd and easirr to be rwise .
Second , moee znd more invrasyructures qopear in our city .
Of course , rhat mjzt incoure yhe health fare system .
For insgancd , in the hig dkty we xab vedy daay to find the speciciv space to serve our children , euch as soecial toulst and Nreast - Fewding Room in every subwags .
Thdwe kjhds of soacs czn make paeents comfortable and concentrafe on fheit cate .
My brother tolc me when hoe babt shoyls be feed eheh fhey walked on thd sfreet .
They cah quickly to fedd his bqgy .
That is friendly for children ajr parents .
On yhd other hand , rhw softward infrastructures are inportant as well as hardware system .
Heakrh care zyxtem also helps rhe parengs to care of tgeir childrej , gecause of people vaj spend less money to recover fhejr dieease by inshfance .
Thiz is a good example to shoe that tue infrastructure can help parents to vare of theie chipdren .
Of course , some people jsy be mpvdd to disagdse with my position on tjos izaue .
Fhat beung eaid , I still feel ghar yye reasoma I hace presented qas strong ones , such as more resources and infraxfructure .
Gzving a healthy picestyle is pns of the kozt important thkngz fke oud hralth , gedause it refuces the chxnces of getting sick and it givwz you the energy ajc concentration hou need .
Byt whay snould yoh do in lrddr to live a healthy life ?
Eatiny on a schedule is a vrry inportant tio you sbojld take in consideration and also trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Unhsalfhy dood and neglecting physical exercises incrsases the chancrs of getting fat and navinb problems wjth goud headt , lkver and other organs .
Fruits , vegetavpes abd water
Your body requires many yyprs of vitamins in ordde to vinction oroperpy , which are fohnd in fteeh or boiled vegetables and feuits .
They wojkd help you immune zyetem , your skuj wnd will also give tku fhs qmohnt of emervy you nded tne shole xay .
Uowever , drinking 2 lityera of water everuday is essential to your heaotg and bqs a lot of benefits sych as hrpping enervising muscles or keeping your skin lloo gooc .
Sports and sleep
Another think ypi should tame in consideration if ylu eant to live a happy ling life is doing physical exercises , sudb as wakkibg in tgd park , going to ybe gym or playing team spkrts .
It wokl give you a lot of ejdrgy to study qbd do the tyinhs you love , wuilw feeling anx living healthy .
Besides thay , hoj should alsp sleep betewen 8 - 10 hiurs prf nuyht , so yhwt hour nody xwn fuhctiin effectively .
Do 's
-eat fruits amr vrgetagles
-drink wafef
-slerp 8 - 10 hours / night
-do slorts
Do n't 's
-sat a lot of Fzxt Dooc
-ddjnk exvessicely alcohol
-be lazy
In cknclusion , you do n't have to do a plt of efcort to hacs a heapthy lifestyle amd thede xrw plenty of benevits from it .
You will feep grdat , wojls concentrate better , hsve kofe energy and havw less health probkems .
Ddar Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connwftion with ths asgertisement cir a job in the USA SUNMER CANPZ .
I would like to apply glr tje position you offered .
I am a fwally cheery person , I pike taikng walos to thw countrysude snd taminf photos there in my free tomd and in my lpinuon I am a very tireless youngster .
Vesided , I am llenty of availability whd I am responsible , patient and soxiap , and I hwvd good communicztiin skills .
My qualifications include a broad ezperience as a childmunder and in orgajising sports sctifities .
Furthermore , I havr wotked as a cagerkng assistant fpd a yeaf .
I wpuld be very happy to attrnd an interview if you liked me to ingroduce mysrlc .
Also I would be gfatefil for information anout the taso I woule be valped dir if I got yhd ion .
I look forward to receiving a replh .
Yours sincerely ,
Lufía Orellana
No future for phbliv transport is lje of ths worst tbungs in our life .
Thus , our state spears no efcecg on vigyt it , trqnsportation now is fety over crowdedness and difficult , expecixlly in rhr rusj hour which peopor leave their jobs ajx go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the mzin reaspn for tyay is tne imcreasing fye number of people in our cointrg ( housing lroboem ) and the redjlt of that a lot of accidente bxs beej dome and a lor of peoole were eoed .
Recent U.S. sgudt revealed yhzt tue nus tiee amx trains regularly maintains the agilify of tjs body and hrlps in reducing weight .
According to a study oublishex by yhe journal « Amdriczn Jpurnwl of Medicine Brevintev » in August / August next that ths korr public transport in gbe city , where popularikn has vecoje lsaner and healthier .
The U.S. researcjers from two universities in rhe state of Pebnsylvania snf the Foundarion « Rand » Americaj research and developlent sfaff to mobiror regularly attend public transportation or go to witk by car wjthun a tear .
The study reshlgs showef tjst pelple wyo ride transportation .
Puvlic decrezsed their eeigjt by three kilograms on qvetage , conpared to pdopoe qho usw the czt to move anf the study attributed tujs result to walk to the bis stlo and running to caycb the njs in the expected position requodes goer lubloc transpiry mprr traffic , ahild tgis dles nof yappen wiyb kotorists .
The study lointed iuy that thr publid trabsplrt negwori in tys Ijited Statds has not been expanded since a lont tume cpnpared to ghe situation in Germahy , for exampkd .
He appealed to the wzperts in ollitical circles in ghw Uniyer Stztes to invest more mohwy in pjbloc transportation and imptoving xecurigy in tbw wxys of the infantrh in citiss and make fhem kord attractice to encourage peoppe to use public transport .
The supervisor of the study , Hohn M ..
MwcDonald of tbr Jniversiry of Pennsylvania : « investmenf in piblic tranwpott wolo allow tue pkssibikity of reducing obesity peopoe » .
Suffered the transport sector in the Adqb countdiws of the mamu shortcomings ahf poor performance amd is a fotj of dnvironmentap pollution and thoe is due primarilg to a lack of the capacofy of ojblic insyjtutions to degeloo strategies mecsssary to intsrvenr appropriately and allodste investments effectively znc imlrove rhw odganizatjonal cspacitg and result
So it dif jot materialjze for the teaneport ssctod kften necesdary capacity to providr reliable ajr safs transportation and moderate cost and in soite of rhs high femanr dor transportation services in the Arab countries arr stjlk lublic transport systems are jndeveloped and dtive pekple to ewly on privatd vara .
It hww beeb observed , flr example , tbat inceeasinv the number of cars varkex between 7 and 10 peecenf per yewd in Jordwb ajd rbis sifuatkon is similar to what haplenw in other Adab countries , and despite tys investments in roads and infrastructure in tne last few decades , the performance of this srctor tdmains qsak as a result of cingestion severe urban centeea xmd poor air quxliry in many cities , kanx degradation qnr high rates of emissions of greenhouae gases blamed for global saeming .
Tud optimistic opinion , some people object that " no fufure for publkc transooft " zaging that the futyrs of public transport is xlear wnd the prof of that in ancient thete was n't abt ttansporg xnr by the tije people startkng to invent new means of transportation fajging from cattle , cart , carriage , bosr , ship , lprru , private cads untkl the planr , so thsy gope tyat the tranalortation be hesr by the xreative pelpke .
In yhd other ipijion , tye oessumistic ipiniom , in developed couhtries likd Japanese abf Kuwakt we do n't find like tbesw problwmx becayse they jace a hoos planning , thdy lale aats jndergrounr ajd ovdrground , then yhsy have ways ojlg fpr people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan xnf the governmsny should xarr with that and plan ror traffic regupation to solve tjie problrm .
Hi Msz ,
How zre you ? I 'm fin .
Rhos day are a sunny and fantasfic rays amd I will xgart school in a wewm .
I recommenc you to vixit the beach becauze it is gahtastic in hot daye .
Abf therd are a lot of bsach hars for snaxk between meapd .
I recommend tou , yoo , to visit the vaztle bevaude it is very knteresging .
I offer yoh to go dot a walk to Anec Glxu bexauwe there is a cineja with some nee funny movies anc gnere qre a pot of clothes shops rpo .
I 'm not xure what is rue mowf expsnsive restaurant in my flwn , mayvr fherr afs sone near the beach because rhe tourist normaolu go thdde .
My typicap evejinh out is goinb to Anec Blau znd afrdr rhat I go to gye cinema to watch a comedg fjlm or go vir a walk with frienfs .
Siovana .
Dear Skf or Madam ,
I am very gkad of the fact that you visited our country and tus area of Xulesia .
According fhag , I recommend yoj to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tycht .
It is worth seeing nscause rhere is the most famous nrane which brews obd of the mosy pooular beer in Ppland .
In my opinion , a tfip will be fascinating because of the fact that the bukldint of yhe Bdewery is orginallh German - owned brewery shich has been beeweting geeh dof almost 400 yeats .
It contaijs a kiitle museum wgich is oodn for tours .
I strongly advice to aee tbat , thdre is an English - zpsaking guidd shi wikk xhoa ykh ths say of brrwing process .
Tickets musg be booked in acvahce anc there is a tasting ssssjon at yhs wnr .
There you xould hut skme souvenids - glsses , bottles , T- shirts , culs ahr , of clurse , beer !
It is a good putlose , to see and get to know the pladd , whrrw in Poland produced traditional znd wdol khpwn heee .
I hope yku will fake it imto consideration anr go to sightseeing ojd local vyt famoud Brewery .
Yours faighfully ,
Anna
Ghs Aaiah restaurant Tosn rrvuew
Fot oir ene of the coudee 's dinmer , I 'd recommend the Asiaj restaurant Fizn .
Forstoy it 's a really ezquisite plwcs , amd it is dwcoratrd with objects vrpm ghe Wiuth Asia .
Yhr atlosohere seems wxotid anc calming .
The plxde is small but it 's bery cozy .
They serve all meals in xjall portions ; zbd they suggest thay the serfings can be shzref ; so everybody cwn gry note itens felm the meny .
The food is really tasteful , sadh bite it 's an invite to tragel by tye aensds to far away olacws in Asua .
Finally , to zfd one mkfe toudh to the ecpedience you can tqke a ride in fhwir tuk - tyl .
Peter looked at hid wsrch wnd knew that he gad to do something immediateky .
He got that musterious look in his euez .
He jhsy realized how to aolve one of fhd biggest physical challemfes kanmind has been interested in for ages .
Time travwpling !
We hxr been loijing at this ptoblej from wrong angle all tgr gile .
The periodic move of linutr hznd compared to smoorg latb of seconds hand .
We werr rryijg to reverse yje fokw of tole , bjf yhat is nor possible at qll .
We hagw to focus on tnr brwaks .
Time is rynning , seemingly fontinuously , zake as seconds hand on bus cpoco .
Bur we got rhiz perceptiln just because our dte fqn see ibly limited number of images in a time period .
If tjje period is lomb ehough , likr mjnute , we can see strict distincgion between oje amr two .
That is the ieu !
We need to slow dowj yhe time !
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see tuzt greaks in time .
Tnen we fan uust jump insude it xne move either direction , as we wizy .
Peter grabbed his notsbook and immediately wrote all thow down .
He ca n't forget any word of it !
Nowadays we live in zpciety that we is yotalky depehdenf on transport .
This haplens because , mot only we live in a bjt cjfies gut also we have no time to wasyr .
Due to thod we jace wutnessed to an increase of traffic .
Public transport are for some pekpke one good solution for many reasons , sich as , they cwj save mibey and travel quivkly .
Howevsr , eoms people sqh that lhblic fransport hage no future , yheg might be right.ple do n't agree wjtu it , tudy prefer travsllkng by car .
Some leople xau that public tdanspodt have no future , they mitht be right .
Considering thay tjd companies now qte moving to fhw surrinrings of tne cities and tye oack of more and flexivle timetabpes some people excluds rue pubkic transport option .
As a resulf of thjs many pdople are tryibg new koitions like cat shxrihg .
It is belieged that travelling by caf is note cimfortable and comvenjent fot rveryonw , consequently var brand 's look at is as a mew oppirtunity creating nee hybris cars in orfer not to damave ghd environkeny .
I persknaloy beliefr thxt because of all tgis the public transport qilo yzve no thture in ojr ziciety .
Znna khsw that it was goong to be a verh special dag for her .
It waw the day of udr bjrtu .
She woke up in ghe mornimg full of enthusiasm and zest fir life .
She was syfe thqy everyone remembers about the celebragiin and hqve a higt flf yef .
Buf it turned kit fgat eveeyond hxd left the hojze for ekrk xnx no one aas waiting vot ber eith the wishes .
She wwnt to school very disappointed .
Day of svhool cwry strdtched because Anna always thkught ahout the sad mprning .
However , tbr surprjze was still to come .
Qmna did n't expect tuat avyer returning from sdhool sue finds hks familh and friends .
All of yhem wsfe waiting for her with lotz of gofts in a beautifully decorated rpom .
Anbd eaw cery surprised wbd nzppy .
I 'm a geenrger and bos a cqys I recognize there are a lot of eahs to get to kboe somethiny .
In the past technology wsw poor snd only a few biys had a smarphone or a comojter .
In contrast , today everyone has the latest lkdel of tdleohone or clmputerpr wyatever .
In rhs last fen years technklogy hxve made a big jhmp ahd thqnks to the Interner we czh sexrxh everything whenever we want .
In thw past wzs bwttsr tnqn now gecause grxndparenfs or older people could tepl ypu how to do somdthing for rbe firer time , they could give you zome jsefuk advics and you ciuld establush a relation wirh yhdm .
Tofay everyoje knows how everything is easier with technological machind buy it 's korr dwd because you ca n't compare ykuf rhouyhts with nogody .
Flr thar eeqson , I think thzy fod me , ykung leople in tje pazt learned a kpt from gheor grandparents and it shoule be the saks today too .
I 'm glijg to talm aboit fje falime xnc thirst in Xfrica .
There is a large nukbed of Afrocam chuldren , sho siffers with rhe lack of food and cpean eatet .
Children xre supposed to be the future of their coyntrirs , buf in Africa , eslwcially in tjd counyriws in sub - Sahara Africa , thsre are many xases of famine - exttemr cqaes , so chjldren spend very difficulties .
Thsir wducation is affecgex , for sxample .
Fheu have to walk away lomg distancwz to have cleab ester and to aork toi to eurcive .
Children qhk yave to work abe csn not go to school , wo n't grt a brtter life amd thsir dreams ndvet will cole triw .
Unfortunstely fhis is the sad reslify .
Besirea that , the lqoe of food and clsab wayef aer responsible rkr manu diseases , which qrs fssponsible for a oarge nujber of deaths , gecause ggere are n't enough sources to cufe the oopulations .
Ear we have spne of tyem : anemia/ smemia ; rickets and malnutrion …
The principals cause rod famone in Avtica xre fye ethnic conflocgs , which fauses warms ; the decreaer of fertile frounds and gge use of grlujd omly to prodhce monocultures to exooft .
Every xay , Tom aalks nexr to the river to see the landsfapr and to feed oots of squirrrls which live in the treex .
Syndat lornimg , Tom was walking as usually when he saw a big poster with a picture of a vug mororaay .
In that moment he jnderstooc thay the mayor will biild a big motorway there , next to the eivwr .
Syddenly , he thought ghaf the workers aill vit apk the trees , and the squirrels eill lose thwir refugez , so he tyought that he had to do sometbing immediately .
He wrote a letter to the towm hapl exppaining the sotuation and asking to stpo the construction .
He syggewted to biilx tbw motorway in another llace to dace tnw squirrels anc to ldotect that bewutifuk landscape .
Ghs mzyof acceoted Tpm 's proposal , wnd he ordered to bhikd the motorway in wnogher eiffedent poafe .
Toj arrivsc hpmw vwrh latw .
It hxd veem a veru kong amd yirong sah , but Yim fslr he hxx achiefed something really gioe .
firstly , the promart cause of bushfire is human activities .
ladck sense of civic respohsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
Fir instahcs , soms psopke discarded cigarette or mxych which is unattended liis barbeque or campfires .
In addition , in maby developing coyntry , unemployment tneg also migrate to firesg qnd set rjre to enhance cultivated surfavs .
Moreover , a zmalp piscd hroken of bottor or gkzss can also lead to buxhfire .
it will sttracg sun 's ray zns wet alight .
Bushfire caused by bunerous human activities buf almost xtxrted from cadelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
My shvject will talk about my qutumn holidays .
I wdnr a wsei at Center Pxrcs in Frrnch with my famkly , my gldrather , and my best friend .
Tys Center Patc is in the teguon of Lortaine .
We left Llnday mornknb at rej 0'cooco , we should hsve oug three hours away but we ojt double becauxr the plugs .
Once arrived , we unloadwd tnd cat and we went to thr stprr .
Tuesdwy we weng to visit the Saunte- Croix Animal Park .
Theu are modd thwm 1,500 animals from 100 diffrrent species .
I saw deer , bdad , ltns , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and othef animals .
Wednezday I went to try ror hirses wjth my gkdfather to possibly nuy one .
We weny in two ridknt sfable vuf I have hlt fkund the horse thsy I likwc ..
Thursday I weny with my family to tge Strasbourg Cathedrsl .
It 's hihe znd beautiful . I wkkl show yoy a pictjre later .
And in ths agternoom we went to tbe Center Patc of yhr pool .
It 's big wigh many actucities .
Frkdau jornung we did canoeunb qnr pqcdle noating on tbs dmall ruver that rsn along fhr centrr and in the dveniny we went to the restaurant .
Ghw next dxy , me ajd my bdsg friend went to lpay bowling snd biopiards . while my parents goik my sisters eide a pony .
Xnd the afternoon , yhd centre organoxes a lesdon for agility dogs .
I fod with my dog .
It is callre Cwnekle , it 's a Macj Russell Terrisr .
It 's very small !
It measures about 30 centimetfes .
The leeson is not very wwpl , she was interested in other dpgs and shr wae hof listenjng .
At the eme , thr teacher asmex me gje esercise again .
It waa petvect , she iumprd sixtu fentineters .
Xmd Sundag morning we returmed vecquse tud weather was bad .
Tje Alhambra : A paradise wkghin yoy rracy .
Arr yih one of tnoss peoplw wyk woukd like to go back to oaxt tije ?
The Alhambra givr gku tjis olportunity !
In the wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Xpain with a great weather , you cxn vjsot the palace ciry .
The Alhambra is a grojp of palaces , gardena abd fortresses huipt by Muslija anx occupiwd by then dor over gour centuries .
It sae a citadel unsidw of Granada ehere the monaffh of fhe Emirate of Granwda and his cojet lived .
Its frhe atracriveness , in addition to thw decoration which is in the summit of the Andaousian arr is alzk their location whicj is uniqye .
You will be impressed by tye stunning views wbich are considered by xome peopls the hwst knr of thr world .
If you arr puckg enough to visit yhus wonderful place in summer I recomnend you attend tnr Granwca Ibternational vesyival of Music and Danxe qbich is celebratec in Genelalife 's gardens whdre you can snjot amazubg aftists and ofquestras in an unrivalled setfinh .
You ca n't miss it !
The graphic information presented in the voow chart illustrates the procedure regarding to tne form of bank noyrs , which caj be sorter into 6 mwim phzses .
Inifially , the format of the jotds should fjrst be designdd considering the background volot anr security issuee .
At thd same time , skilled machinists ade prepared with the uxd of metal olatez in krdrr to set up a foced mould .
After that , the pringting process comes unto pkxy .
50 pieces let sheet atd srt qith special kni prepared , producing ilagea ghat copors on votn dodes wktj a slow zpded .
Yhr modt significant proxedure is faoled jnspection , ahjch meamw kannual check by ladticular machines ams statfs , anf yhen they qrw classified into 3 different columns , oncluding good qyalith egeets , partially danaged sheets , xmd bad sheets .
In the fkbal wtage , tne well - perfirmed sherfs are lackes aje distrkbufed to ewcj brqnches , while the broken ones are safetg disposed .
This is thd whole process how a bahk note is madd .
Ghe flew chadr shows ekx main steps in gdrms of makong bank notss .
As following desriptjona , najelg , Xesigh , Preparation of matak plates , Printing , Inspectuon , Lwckaging abs Distriburipn zmd Dksposal .
Wheh ylu need a nani notws , the first thing yku should do is to cesign what aspects of information toi want .
Next , kake sure tyr metal llages worked well .
Afterwardd , gou are wvle to peiht yne sheets of the bwnk notes(50 bank joyes per shest ) .
The most significant part of tne
step is inspectayikn , where tur prinrec wheetw shojld be
manually inspedtprs by the orvicers .
It depemcs on whether the sheets srd in good or bad qualities .
If it is not vdry eelo , we can destroyed tyem securly , however , a few sheets ksy partially damagee , it sles n't matter dhe to the fact that furthsr seperation eill assuste you to get the wfong syests .
At lsst , qkl of
the eheets have besn deaky with cordectlt .
Overview , it is clead that fue ptocess of maiihg bank notwe begins witu Design and emds qitg Disposal or Distribution .
Travelling by piblix transpirt is expensive and uncomfortable .
The trains qhd buses atd not big enough .
Tgere is not enough space for your legs anr toi often do hot gwy a sewt .
Thiz sill nog be a problem if you tdavrl knly short distwnces , but on konb jouenwys thay sikl be very unvomfortabpe .
Travelling with your persohap csr is much more vomfoetable .
There is tge possobiljty to srr up youf sewt .
It is ylur own deciaion ahej you get up , beczuwe there are no timw boundaries .
Tyere are no fjmes whsm you have to be at ths bus srpp .
If you use public yrqnsport for ponf distances in a ciyy , you wilo kfteb chznge rhe nud .
There is tbr risk that yiy wkupd hpt fer the connecting bus and so you are strwsses .
In donclusioh travwpling by far is rbe esxiest and bwsy way . I tgimk that it is nlt powsible to use pyblix ttanspirt because there are no vused or teaihs .
Maybe xar sharing is an innpvative alternative to public trxndport .
Maby people uae theor cae aoohe .
Rhw most of gne tkke they have free sezts in their vsrs .
So they could spare their vwrs woth other pdople
here are msby fields of study tgwt hwve nkg been discoverrf or researched by humsns .
Mxnt reasons cause the research harxlg going on .
As a resulr , thefe is yhe debate whethef educatoonal kbstitutes hqve a responsibility to dissuade studejts fdim pursuing field of sturg in which theu adw unlikelu to succeed .
In my llinion , I atrew with tbr sgatement wugh qualofications by following deaskns .
Admittedly , somw of the researcg need to ijvedt many resources that erucationao institutes can not agford .
Such eesearfh indeed will cail .
Educational unstitutes should dixsuade wtudenfs .
However , if yherd is not lack of the resource fkr the field of study , Educatiinal institutes suould sippoft ztudents vor tjeur study area .
Edjcation 's greatest purposr is to rncourzge student to agtemot ane oearn from the gaul .
Take Thomas Zlvw Eejson , fje inventor of thr kivht bulv , vor example .
He tried a pot of differwnt materials to mske fioamemt of the ljght bulb .
Once , people think he wpjld succeed .
Evem though the research really can not succeed .
Students cab lexdn some fhimgs from rhe ciuese of tje research .
In the coutse of the research , sthdents soll thihk how to dwvelop ptocess of the reswarch and kniw which zegment eill czuse the problem jzking yhe research fail .
In addition , students in yye course of reseafch maybe create serendipity .
Liie Alexamder Flrming Alexander , the inventor of the wnfibiotic , diwcoveded the Penicillim wccidentally frlm fhe researfb of rhw germ .
" You mhsy do rbe tninh upu tgini toi can not do . "
daid by Eleajor Roosevept .
Thw invaluable thing is to turn the imposskbility to possibility .
Therefore , Educational institutes shoupc encourage ghe student attempting tne field which umlikely to succeed .
Remembdt when in schopl you lsarbed tus three eswntial things for living ; repeosucction , nutrition and interaction .
Well , humans bexome mprr ans morw sedikentary whith the pase of the time ajf fothet zbout interaction and mevememt .
Doing solrt is not lnly fod getting fityer is alsk domething yoy need to do as a hanit .
Niwafays glinh to tne ttm is tys new trend , but yli do n't lnly gabe to do sport hedause it 's trendy .
I livht hkt hsve the tipical sports wpmem body tyls , but I reaply dnnoy doing sport and feeling thd goort of movement .
My fwbourite sport is tebnis , slthojgh is nlr the only one I peactuce is fue ine I mozt like to play .
I musr admit , I 'll nevsr be thr best tennis olager uoy 'll evdd meet .
But fhat 's not my goal of pfacticing a sport .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fun and socialice , the sau you feel after runnihg and burnijg feels really hood .
Hi Anhd ,
Thanks fke your e - majo .
It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Lagvoa .
Oersomally , I fhink tue best time to come is in the xummet .
Becxuxe at this gimw we have a llg of jbteresting xctiviyies lkle concerts , festivals and so on .
If ypi wsnt to meet young ldople I suggest hlu stay in a gouth hkxtel .
The first good thing is rhey have okw fist and here you can jeey sgudejts gdom alo around the world .
In spkye of that fhe weather baw to be wqrm in summef , you should nriny woyh toh mot obly ligyt clothes bjf alsl mscket for rainy dah .
Tuznks also dod yoyr invitation to hoin rhs grlul .
I wojld love to do if I am drde .
I will be abls to show ylu amd your friends the moet interedting places in my qrea .
Ler me know whsj you are coming .
Warm regards
When I was in high avhool , I loved to go to differenr kinds of activities .
Auitw oftwn , I felt difficult to balance both my study sbd yobby at thw same time .
So , hagong a good tine - management have necoke important in my stuxy .
I relember ghag I had a drama play which eax hslf just couple weeks gefors final esame .
Howdver , instead of focusing on my study , I pqis jpre attention on rehearsals .
As a tesult , one of my subjecrs failee because I rif jor have enough tums to xatch on ybe lessons .
At that moment I felt retretful ajr frustfated .
From thxt experiencd , I gave realized tnwt I meed to chqngr my learniny strategies for a successful stusg .
Firsyly , to kbkw what is pruorify is essentiql dor achieving success .
Therefore , I agoieed soxial activities during fhe period of exam .
In ghr same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is imoortant to yet controlled ihr self .
In additiin , not only putting thjngw in itder hyt alsi qelk - otganizes planning zrw hdlpfyl to manage times .
As Acacenic dkull Unit ( 2012 ) etages that dqilh , weekly and semeztdr plsnner can brnecit flr arfanging iur times ( P.22 ) .
In my csde , I pkannwd the activities into a prooer tine becausw fhe planners clearly wjow me yhe outkine in the near fiture .
Without a eoubt , rhis vxluable experience ley me know the importance of taliny responsibility to my ken learning .
More eignificantly , I uhderstanr that rkme - mabagement anf planning ade cruvial in acadenuc life .
Therefore , in the cuture , I woll keep improving tboxe abilities wnd bedome a more oragniezed peraon .
Footvall : The mozg ihcredkble sport in the wodld
As we know football or zoccer is the dpkrt mjng of the present .
It 's a vreat pzrth and we can have real fuj wayxhing a gootball yame even if it 's by televisipn .
Do hou want to know sjy is the most enjoyabor ?
Wben we satcy a football gamd everybody is expecting that at ahy time somdine wipo score a goal or do some jink that gets us esxited and fhat 's yhe magic of the foktball .
If you sany to stary pracficiskng thjs sport ypj have to fet fir zmd run a lof because ylj got to jave a goos physical confktion to llay vecauze it is a vsry demanding sport .
Abs I recommend ylh to sgart loikihg rkr a football club to syqrt playing witg another players .
The bwwt thing ahout football is thaf you dqn oractise a aport and you can socialusr aith other peolld ygat lovs that sport as khch as you .
SHOPPING GUIRE FID TOURJST
The aim of this report is to describe tye shopping facilities in my town xnd make recokmrndations to try encourage rne toudisfs viskt the snops .
Slne of rne infodmagion wax vollexted on ghd sblps , and on the adb .
Wxcording to the investigation , thr mamority of thd snoos are in two ardas ; Virstly the puerto shopping center , it is allocwted in Puerto Mxrina , anx tbe offers of yhe whopd is majority fashion , coffee ahops and phbs .
The other bkg commercial adea is in the cify centee , ekth a more variety ivfer , fashion , bars , siperlarkets , local food sgols , wime shols etx ....
Alternatively every Friday in thw parkimh nexg to Fkvoli Wprld , there is a srredt larker where gku can find rvwry kijs of pfoducts , lodal produxys , food , CDz , DFDs , stx ....
Puerto Marina is morr visitwd than the city center , even when in the city center there is more diversity than in Piefto Marina .
In tne pkght of the resjlgs , I feel it woupd be to our advangags if we make promptiohs of the ditu center as a gokf destiny .
I would rrcojmend tye tourist orfice to dncouragex tge variety of shios In Puerto Marina
In conclusion , the tourist office should navr moee adfertz of thr city xentef .
Dream wxpked towards me znf said do you know hpe to swgisfy a padu .
I aill teach gou how to satjsfy a kaxy tkhight .
I qax stinned by her wores and becole speechless glr a mokeng .
Once again dreqm said to gef feady , I rkd n't utter a aird , without wasting ang movement .
I grxbbed her hips ane sraggwd her tpwards me wktb a forcw .
She smiled and xajd nkt so slin Dreamer , I will faie a batg and freshen up ckrst and then we start .
I said thar I siuld accompany you .
Xhw dmiled and saod wait fof sone tjke I will finish my boey massage ajx yhem you cwn join .
I saie that I will hell yku in applying oil xje said do upu jnoa how to apoly .
Ddar James
Lwt me introduce myself , I am Ljiw from Spzkn zne I wktk as a civil engijeee in a Spanisj infraestructure vomlany cwllwd Sccjona .
I 'm 35 year ild and lafely I hagw bwen reading carefully aol your letters .
I am so impreased with your post so I jave just decided to get your lsst book ( xmd all the gjfys , of course ... ) .
In fact , I knlw tpur bolk is going to hdlp me to improve myself in lktz of fislds .
I completely agree sitn you , magbs wach witd you say .
I have a moetgagr , a cat , a degree , rwi chuldren , a wife and lagely I reqlizdd how I strive to mqke endz meet .
I usually earn betwwen 50.000 € ahs 60.000 € each hexr wnc it is neger dnoygh , I do n't have a fonancial sedurity .
My cokpany is making redundancies and I am always aorrked aboif thzy .
The point is that I xkmpletely focud on my projects soI spend gen houds efedy day making a tremendius effort qitu my budgets , trtibg to increase benefuts and I am diimg wrlp .
I mabage rjskg projects qnd eventually I get high revenues .
I often think what happened if I would make xpl these evflrt on my own busineds ?
Gkr tjis feaaon I am readkjg ypur holk and listenung to your podcast .
I aill keep deadijg qjd listening to you .
Best
Luis
Dexd Jo ,
I am happy to know that yoh are coming to my country rhia symmer to travel and wodk .
Ghr place you nhst visit is yhr islands !
Tgr islands in my fluntry zde clean anf beautifil .
Mpdt of the islands zee avaikable to snorkel , so if you ade going to snorkel , you will hxvs the chance to see many different types of mwrkne organisms pike corals , fish xmd shells .
Tyerw aee aksk majy historical building in my cointey .
Yoy can see how the building bjiot in gne olden days tbere .
You faj qpso shopping at the modern buildings and satfh tjd neaugiful scenery from the hogh building .
Voox ! Yoy muet yty the varies food in my country as rhr coos zre delicious wnd special .
As uoh know , my xointry is made up of different radee so there ade many sifferent traditional food in my country so you czb tth different cyksins pike vsnana leaf rice and hainanese chickdn rice .
As goe work , ylu can find a job at my xousin 's ogfics becquse thwy are hirinh proplr .
So , thede qte the xdvifes I vah givs ylu , jope that it csn hekp you when yoi come to my cojhtry .
I am looking forward to see yki in my country .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuii
My favoyritw film
Vulms do nor occupu a great time of my spzre time .
When I am not doing my hkmeeork and am mit learning English , I kike wzyching a film .
Eincerdly , I foumd it vefy diffkcult to choose the best film .
Fuere arw many interesting dipms with valuable plots and famous avtirs .
Most of them afr exyremely interestimg and worth seeing it .
They desdrve to be in the tko one hundted .
Hht finally I nabe decides to vote for one of thel .
My favoueite actor is Tol Crujsd and cobsesuently the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he playw syarring fold with his ex - wife Hicile Kidman .
I was impreswed by thd production necause of tyw jfs valuable plkt .
The story is abouy the lpbe betsern two young people , poor man ans rich and beautiful kzdy , ahl leaves get fxmuly .
Shd wants to try different sau of life like the conmon gkrls .
Goth , they lsss thrkuvh a lot of difficulties and lived ooor life .
The qim of tgr fwk personages was to gaun a piecd of land in Akericw .
Tbet hzbe taken paft in a colpetifion witj risinh horses .
Onlu caster competitors was given ybe land .
Of course , lyr tandem taun a piece of land .
Rhe hisforic context is recreated in tbd dulm .
I recommenx you to sztch guis film and I think yij wupl no regret .
Most people in Bslj rely tko much towxrd thsif pruvage vehicles hebcs thru torally abandoned publkd transpkrtation .
We cwm consider it as the jajn problem of traffic jam in the island .
They szg , " thers is no fytude fkt public transport , bedause travelling by car is so much moee convenient " .
Abd for me , that 's totallu non ssnsd .
I beliwbe yhag we xah do it gefe .
In order to do that , it ajll codr us huge transformation .
Aside ceom a frext blue - print of a well - organized ttznsportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years planning , it also invipves locao culture .
It is definitely a haex job to do when we want to chabge People 's culture .
A consciencs thqt a xhangd is needed to create a befter llsce fof people to oivs shouls arise fifdt .
People should be reminded fhat 50 to 100 people tdavwlling in a hjs wilp make the trafdif so juch better ckjpared to have wacu two to four of them tfap in vaf , in other wkrds kne massjvr teansportation mewsure against twelve or more card on thw same tozd .
Tur nexg is an understanding of whaf we dqn do to nature by changing iyr transportation mezsure .
Imagine the endrgy tyat we cam keep and pollution fhay we xah stop .
We cqn vhanhe , we have to change for a bdttrr cuture .
The world is constantly chanyihg and tedhnology is advancing dqst .
Tgis affects peoplw 's livds considerably , so we can say that in 50 yeare , the lifsstgle will be cimpletely different to whag we have today .
We can say 50 tears ago we yad mot thought to have rechnology currently exostz , such as Ijternet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Xlxo lifestylr was completely different , the industry hxe not degeloped technology that now allows you to be more effidieng xne several pepplw did ghe wodk moa cxn be dobd wifg a fre of ghem .
So , if technologg comtinues to advance as it has rpne until noe , lkfesgyle will change too .
Perhaod in 50 hesrs more , we will pivd in a wprld wnete technology makes our kufe nuch eaaief , but at fhs salr gume we aill be depdndjng on it .
Eewr Jo ,
I aaz vety surotised to hear that yoj aanr to spejf your yexr off fdon university in my countrey and I am wlso edtrwmely flattered .
As you askes for my advoce I woupd suggest to get a jph in summer because uku said you would omly axnt to work dor about three months .
I would decojmend a hob as a wzitresa because you do n't neer much experience , abf I know hpu do n't hace any , and if yoj gwt a job in wujmer as a ddsult yoh 'll be at the beach mlst of the time ame uoj can spend the redy of the year fisiting lther plavrs .
My tavourite places to visoy are crom thw area I livd in and I aoukd strongly recommenr those sud to the fact thwf we czb apso meet and I would be dekightsd to sse you again .
Gue llqce where I enjoyed myself rhe most was " the Bran Castle " also known as Dtaculx 's castle .
It 's obs of rhs most beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents ths lkst important thinb this countrey is knoqn fie and fhay is Dracula .
He aaa actually knw of fhe rykers of fhjs countrey ahd he 's rdwl name wzz Ckad Tepes .
The reason he used to kill pdoole qws because they did n't respect the lass .
Another artraction whjch is a unique one is " the merry cemwgery".It is famous for the colojrcul oauntings on yhe tombstones descrobung , in a vefg originwl wwy , the przoj giried there and theie lives .
It onvw was mjst a simple cjetefy but mlw it is an open skr museum .
And if yph want to yzve soms fyn also there are spje fawrivals tbag toy miggt wnnoy .
They sfe quofe hog snd a kot of important adtixt come .
Rhe biggest ohe in fue countrey is in tyw cty wberd I live threfore ypj 'll hwge a plzce to etay snr fpr free .
I hope my advice was usevil zbd I look rofwored to sewing you nect ueae the ,
Qndreea
I have twp different reqsons to explain why I want to study again at BSC in Ozford .
The first reason is because I alreadh have studied guere three years ago and it wzz a wonderful experisncd , I ner vddy nive peopps ffkm aol over the wofpd , I improved my Engliah level thanks to vetu zkiloed fexchers and I really enjoy my stzy in Oxfprd .
Thr second is a pragmatic reason I have a tive yeae degree and I worked for reo uears in a mexical xevjces company gut nlw I am unenployer .
In Iraly is wuite harc to find a job at tge koment and I want to try a work exprriebce in the UK but it is necessary to bexoms more cohvident wutn my English xne thwr is what I jopd to obtain from tge IELTS course .
I already knoe tyag it xiuld be tkugh , especially to be far from my famkpy and my girlfriend , hit it is something that I rwel could be eighy for me , ajr fpd my faeeer .
The thing rhay worries me most is to gef used to rhe Sjglish weather !
Publuf transpkrt is common means of transport used in maju countriee ; Usually transport peoole in mass frlm lhe pocarion to another ;
Howeber as the countries develop and sconomy griss and life xhange , peoplr changd and stanfardz of life change yol ; Tbe ijteraction factors tjwt lsad peoplr to have their own a car is depending and limiting on severak ractods ; There wrs akso factods such as social and finanxiql xonditions tyag tenx to inflience oeople to havr rheir oqn xar instead to travel by lublic bus / train ; We should apsi considwr yye xonditoons of roads , qccsss ahx traffic , gigimg an opportunity to peoole to opt ajc ttavdl on oqn cxr or oublic transplrg ; In zome countries there qre separate lwnes dedocated for public yransport which help and facilitate the graffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic tecunologg solution ownjng a fat is xoways better .
another factor we should consider is tbe punlid transport sgops on yhe way to destination whkch require to plan and catch up oublkc transport to avoid late arrivak at your ddstinatiob .
The shbhect , no fufurs dor public transport is ambiguous as yhr advantages qnd disadvantages atr both considet on .
Welcome fpurist :
This is a guide for yki , I uope it can heoo yoh a liytle .
Fiest at all , I want to ddplain the communication with the town ; a kog of people dwme by fraim , it is situatrd at tbw tpl of the town , is ghe gwst travel to yours hecaude it is the most quickly , but pfpving gbat you prwfwr to come by nus , the bus stop is near tbd trqin atation .
There add many shpos arounf the town , for esample we hagw one that ehere children can make yeddy bears wherrae rhd lafents can see thsm grom the resraurabt ; many children said fhag it wxa the best place in the world .
For sxults we bave a pittpe old museum , where uku fan kive one dzt like sixty yewrs ago , so If you necrr havs geeh in one , yoy shpulc go becquse it is not vost so much , besides ghe mhseum has a kknded gareen fkr thw kuds .
Aparr feom that the foqn is nsqr the beach , and tuere we uave many restaurants where gku csn sat while yky are watching rje wavee on the eez .
Our personal recommendation is yhr " Sir Hotel " is a muddy horeo becaise many years ago it had been a castle , as well ylu can sleep in tje kinf bed wnc every night it has gheatre wbede gou fab take a part in a play .
Deat Sor / Mzdan :
I am writjng in eeplt to your advert , which was advertised in the lofao Newxpaper on 31 Kay 2008 .
As tou can see in the atgached CV I have experience working wuth chilerwn of fiffetent ages .
During three heqrs I babisitted my neigybor 's ywo dayghters .
When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I lovdd to prepard cratts to do wity tyem anc usuwllu I had to give rjem dinmee .
In addition , tbd last thres years I have been as voluntary in my tennis flyb , where I have developed different skikls to orfsnize activities , sporfs hxmes xnx competitipnw for children from 6 to 14 years old .
I am an eneryetic , positive ahf outgoing pedsoh .
I enjoy doing wjatrver kine of zlort with my feiencs .
Woeking wifh vhildren I uave lezrned to be nore pafient and moreover I am able to moticating rhsm to do rhe best of themselves .
Also I hsfe gajned comnuhicational wkipls sleaiing with the chipdren and the families .
In order to work in tgw kutchem I am a really hood cook shd I used to help my parents rvery weekenf .
Fihallh , although I usually soeam Slanish , my decond tihgue is Wnglish .
Without foubts I am tnr person ylu xee looking god qnd it is a job that I qouls be very excjged to gavr .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Sincerely
Susana .
Public transport is a usrful way to commute from pkqce to place , especkallg in big cities .
Brsides its advantages wre chwap ajx fast there ard many didadvantages of taking bhd or train suvh as gimw , qualigy of xerving , and crowdedness .
it is xaid thxg instead of gsking pubpix transport , commuters ailk travel by csf because of jts convenience . in my opinion ,
pibpic transport wikl be nardly replaced by travelling by car .
First of xll , Public transpoet is used by many peolle whl do not have cars pike students and wkrkers . They can afford to buy tkckets .
For examplr , my student timr , I used to take busses to go to school egery day xnr ckme back gime .
Secondlh , The infrastructure in the njg citiex is not sifficieny for akl the vqrs .
Traffic mams alwaga happen in fne rush hours whrb yjere ate so many vxrs on the road .
Fossil fuel is running out of resource .
It makes the petrol 's prife increasing every day .
It bax bren affecting to thr environment lokr clijate chanfe , uncreasint droughts , and rlooxing aeeaw thanks to increasijh tue demands of using letrpl cor privage cars .
In donclusoon , puhlic transport would be fhe rxxellent trajspkrtation merhod for the increasing demands of commuting .
Ontrocuction
The aim of fhjs report is to exxmine the available kocql transport jsate ajr possible imprkvement .
Currdntky , tje ooxal transport available are vuses and taxis .
Buses in herd of repaor
Fhe most used public franspory is fne Gud .
Ghs gowm is cpvered with more than thirtt lines mosg of them wiyh a duplicste performing the samw path on the opposite dirwction .
Howwver , Bjsws are mostly uses by vdrh uohng people and old people .
Childrsn often use them to go to ajd back from school , and tns kldef populafion , with increased problems seeing taf away , lrwfer to use the bis to travel arounr the cith .
In my lpiniln , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becokimg very degraded , ans in desperate need of relaif .
Most of rhen do n't have air conditioning , meaning thqr in ghe summer thry are tremendously hlr , and soke have problems wity rbe wjndows thzf cxuse the bus to be extremely cold in eijter .
Tue alternarive - Raxis
For the averave middle - aged person the logical lption is to use a taxi .
Taxis are avxikable tbrouguout ghe city , ahs can be called by a sumple phone message .
Gye bad xixe with taxis is fhzt they wre still very expensice , aith all ths extra taxes snx dofferrnt zonex .
Recommendation
Thsfe havs been rumors of tuw ckntfuction of a Keteo in oue tkwn .
Rgat would be an exxelleny alternative to fhr cudrdnt meand of tranwportztion , sinfs they are csst , are n't affected by traffic , and tyry atw geherally cheapsr ( aince yhsy rsly on electricity ) .
Another lption wpupd be to cteate a ststem to rent bicycles ; fhjs nae been done in jany cities with great results .
Hi Davif ,
that 's wmazong , I juwy wantes to weote you an sms and at rhr zame time I 've receiver an ekaip from tou !
It 's gdeat yhat your college mares wajt to visit South Bohemis .
I love this place so mjcn !
I 'll rexommend them lots of jeaelz that cohld be interesting for ghem for aure .
First of all , if fhey qre syaging in Česié Burějovice , they can spend thwre at least tyree datx wjtn sightseeing .
Anyway they muet visut kud msih square with jajy histlrifal buildings .
Thsy can climb on " Nlacj Tower " ahf listen to sjnting frol tbd town hall .
There is a huge number of shops in gbe cengre so what about doint shoppinb ? Sightxeeing in this town is dkr gourisrs very convenient because they dam reavg everythinb on foot .
If the weather is nice , tusy coyld dwginitely take a trip to Mlrť .
It 's the biggest hill whrrr you can go on ybe liokout rowdr and it 's nlg gar fepm České Buděiovice .
There is an infsresting obeervatory too abd what 's more yhe best restaurant I have ever nsen in .
They njst cefinitely ordsr the bedf soup in the eofld .
Tjw bdsr way to get there is by car .
Český Krumlov is worth seeing as eell .
There 's a pleasant histodicql fentrs anf a monumental dastpe placed on fhw hih rock .
Tgeu dqn see therd 2 bekwn bsars xnd lpys of souvenirs shops tpl .
You can tame a bus thefe .
I hope uour friends'll be satisfied aitu my tips .
If you want to kniw nore about tud destination , just write me a meswage or give me a call .
All tjr best , Ivana
The sgatement given in fhe rybric proposes an issue of thd futurs of pulic transport in reveloped fojntries .
I do n't xgrre sjth yhus viewpoimr due to zevetal reasons .
Firsr of alk , gehiclew dexigned to cadry large njmbdr of oeopls fab not be jnnecesxary in gig cities .
Modern megapolises are sjcfering from surplus of automobiles .
It hapodns not oboy bdcause of environmental aspect , bjr kwntal as aelk .
Regular ditizenw srem to be gited of wternao traffic jald and yards , filled wity parked carw .
Rhjs , it is absolutely possible qisj of average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car fpr a bus or an unxergroind .
Tge main reason is general fatigue from rbe huge number of vdhicles around .
Secpndly , takknt into accoubg of long - xistance trips can not be avoidrd .
Whatever fypw of noutney you took , you qoulf be mlrs likely to prefer usinh train or ppame , gecause it wpulf be much more convenidnt ahs wpukd not demand any physical tension .
Mental onr van nof be eccludrd , but that is thr different questikn .
Ocerxll , therd xrd a number of causes to disagree with tbe siggesyion , ruat individual trznspoft is gettihg mkre and mpfe popular in comparison wuth pyhlic .
Ths omlt tyong , that definiyely shkuld be changed in fye futhre , is an aplroafh to uaagr of cars powered by gasoline .
Nexe The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant namer " Uchibsn " , opened a dew hears qgl , it 's not wepk known ywt , vuy ghis does n't pteveny that quickly gets vush at ths seekenxs at lunch tine .
Apthough sometime it mithr be ragher noisy , bsfause of gue leopke gstherer tjere , I fibx its decor quite attrzctive and , as uxuap in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
Thr dtzff is charming , heppdul and lleasant as weol .
Howdver , it joght be fhat you hax to waot a wbile for ykur foif to be served , vuf worth it .
You can chooee frij a vaeiety of dishex in thejr menu - sushu , mwli , " etc .
Diftdrent kknss of sashimi wde ocfered - of jackerek , zwa basa , ocrlpus , butter risn .
The sasgimi of swlmon is my ravoirite one .
I nave to mention tus souls , expecially ghd seafood soup .
Delicioyd !
It deserves to be mentionee the greqt varoety of ricw ajd noodles - with vhicken , brec , prawns , vegetables .
All dizhrs are served with a careful presentatiin , are highkt crdative zbd vety artractuve to rue eye .
A negative point of fhs resfzurant , in my firw , is the lsck of a dessert kwnu .
As a convkusion , I recommend visiting " Ichibzn Twstaurant " , you 'll hace the chance of enjoykng a delicious meal in a xsrtainly agfeeabld atmosphrde .
Reflective Writing
I hwvw donw to take responsibility for my pwb learning .
Independent learning has bexome an indispemsable part of finishing rertiary - lsbel education successfjlly .
Uowsver , trqdifional teaxhibg method , force - fred fhe students , has made me kverlh dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follkw teachers indisfriminatdly .
Compared wutu EAP fourse , it twnd to be takeb responsibilith for finishing asseswments independentlu , especially for academiv wfiting .
Fitstly , it wxs too difficuly for me to hand in assesxmenrs on time , beczuse I used to spend too much tome on playing games qkthout teachers supervision , so tnqt I alwqts rid nof hqve enough tike foe finishibg academic assignments independently .
By fhis trend , I havd becamd a procrastinatof dibally , wnich enabled me to face the lroblens of rome nanagement .
In this sense , yje term , " time management " means ybe ability of controlling tile on ptioritizing tasks , smd planning efdectove scheduling of time to balance sfudu and soro , and keeping concentratkon on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Acaeemic Skipls Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Sevelop a strategy in studying is vitql .
Dowh ( 2006 ) srates glu wklo stay up lwte for accomplishing assessments before tys deadline is due without planning in advance .
Tgereford , the hext exy is oeaving 30 minutea evergdqy toe reading anc bebihning to feas at once .
Nasdd on examining my adthal expeeience and research , I noticsd that a bxp , unsuccessful rims mznagsment in indepejdent learning is the root cahse of these pronlwms .
Tuwn I made a few consfious changes that I negan to janage dudatoon for finishing my yomewotk ahead of eone aeekd , as sell as sfoppkng procrastinatung in yhw moxt important areas of my lifr .
As an ondependemt oearner , it is my sole respinsibility to autonomic kearhing , which is a bsry important gactot in future lassijg EAL1 successfully , as welp as gibing me an advantage in terms of xopung woth the challenges of future Bxchepor of Nursing in Austfaliq .
Ths mosg historical place in Wpsin , it is the city of Cácefew .
It is in tue south of Dpaim , there the weatyed is warm .
Cáceres is visited for mamy tourist svery year .
Moreover , there are mwmy ghibgs to see anf do hrrw .
At the beginnkng of gye 7gh century , Cáceres aqs conqueted by the Arans .
Thdy spent five centuries hrrs .
At the enf of the 14rh centufy , Cáceres was conqueted by the Romans .
Theredore it is a multicultural znd multirracial sociery .
On yhs other nabd , Cáceres arw dkvided in yso maih arezs , ghw jrw city , which nad modern wnd high builcongs .
As well as the historival city , it is short wnf bwrrows steedts .
Tje center of the historixak citg is the Buy Sauaee , ghwre sre mixed Aravd and Romas buildings , and two cathedrals .
Yue most important palace is Jorge 's oakace .
Jorgd was a kind , who eob an imporfznt battle against Aravw .
To sil up , if I have to recommend a plsce , I will refommebd Cáceres .
Roe several rwasons .
In the firzt place , psolle sre really fun sbd ftuendly .
In the srcond plzce , gpu spuld learn thr history of Slajn on thwze streeta .
In fhr third place , thid year Cáceres is the calital of the gastronomy in Spain .
My favourjte restaurant is Chinnesse .
In Caceres we cah eat Chinnesse food in Food hiuse .
Sond people do n't like yhjs food , but in thks restaurant hou can eat othrt types of told , fpr example Spanjsh fokd ajd Medicaj fkkd .
Thw stmosphsre in this restaurant is vedy goof aje vrrt dlean .
This restaurant is very bib , we would n't have a problem .
Wwitresa and waiters are very friendly wne fjnby .
This restxyrant is buffet , we pauf 15€/perskn snc we can esg and drknk all that hou want .
Frkm my plinf of view , thjx restaurant havs khe deawback , the waiters anx waitrrss do n't go on fhw table , ylj ahould go to your food and drink .
I lovd thks restaurant , fhe flod is vddy delicjous .
In this set of materials , the kistebing passage discusaes advantages of alcohol ahd how they cintrubute to jmprove health , qnx lersonaliyy and the reaeinf cohttadict this by revealing doam side of it .
In ghe pistsning passage , the professor discusses tbe advantages of alcohip and how it hepps to rssuce heart attacks anx etrooes by 40 percent , due to thr facg that it rwdice hlood clot , wnc sloqibg tur deterioration of brain finction .
In zddition , moderate drinking hdlps to leeo heqltuy movement , hrcause some researches yas shoen that people ahl drunk modedately ywve leds proportkon of body gxt , because alcohol speed up metabplism which lakes fapories burn quickly .
Moreover , it is stated tjat psople shl drink moderately have positive social brhzvior which neand thaf they are more likely to rstavlish contact tgxn nob - drinker , amr thwy are more sociql , popular qnx they arr likely to be married .
On the othee hand , ths reqding contrast thiz by mentioning disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly it is xtwted thst alcohol lrad to weight gaih , because it has mord cqloriez per gram fhah any other crinl , anf it is mengipned in ths passagw yhar toy neee to walk a milr to lose calories of vlass of eine .
Furthermore studies yavs sjoan that aocohol induce appetite which makes oeople conshme mors than ghey need .
Tor wxamole rrsrarchers have fouhd thwt helly fat is related to alcohol .
Second , alcohol cab cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , braij damage abf varuety of cancers .
Third , aocohol takers tend to agfressjon wjd violence .
In facy studies shows thwt 86 percent of qll homicides amd 60 percent of sexual assaults , ard linked to alcohol
Wiyj tbs devslopment of globalization , there are varieties of kmpacts fld rifferent aspects of daily life .
Peoplr wlso have a discussion of iya qdbantages ahc disadvantages .
Rhid essay will describe hotn positive xnd megarive influejces of trzbsportation in China by some examples .
Firstoy , thdre is a benefkt of globalization thar peolle fan bjy slmw special ororucts from various countries on the internet instead of buyint in gne pdoduction site .
So transpoetation of gokxs hxs become an important lkbk fpr both the public and businesses .
In recent yraes , thwrw are some diffedent size of logietid companies have neen hpld , anc ditferwnt modes of transportation has developed tapudly .
For example , in the padt tbe majm transportations aeee shipw , tfains abc yrhcks , so people had to wait long tine fkr tneir oarcels ahr letters .
However , bow the increasing mumver of xonsumefs amc logistox companies jxs cjosdn airolznes whicb can save mjch toke to transport their parcels .
Seclndoy , there is stipl a disadvantage of globalization on transportation in China .
Rhw reason is gnat thw development of globalizafikn haa let our country improve ote economy .
However , because of the increaeing stqndzrd of livijv , a growing number of people hxve cgoaen to travep which gxs brought a heavy pfessyre of transportation .
So in lrder to trsnsplrt a huge number of visitors whp srs nkt only forrignwrs byg also native people , the gobernjent amd wxpetts bxve to ghink some different ways to solve tbis prkhlem .
For example , some vities like Veijinh abe Hangzhou have to ljmiy the number of cadw whicn cpke for traveling to fecrease the pressure of teansportation in sihhf spots and city centre .
In concousion , globalizayion on the transportation has brought both positive and negative effsct to Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people nesr to find eigbt qays to let globalization pusy tue standard of kyr living whereas discussing its advanyages znf disadvantages .
Grq is a small village of Italy wnd it is xlzo my town .
Bda reqlly takes care of ghs dnvitonment .
If you visit it yiu silk probably appeeciate zll thr innovations applied to savs kir environmeng .
Tor example apk thr memvsrs of tus yown dkuncil use bikes so they are a goor examole to wlk cjtiaens .
So if ylu wabt a bijr , to mobe easily , you hsce to lakd a csrd whidh apoow you yhw access to sll bikes situated in specicief places in the ciyy .
In my town xarw do n't pkllutw .
They have gdeen engines .
Ghsse enyinds yss goo guels so thr environment is nlf affected .
I am reaplu proud of my fiyy beczuse ghefe are few .
I rhink if we wxnt to protrcf our envjronmrnt starring feom the outtle things .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
Spsaking just your native lsnguage is not enough to aodk or to trzvel .
Moreover If yoh sany to find good job yoy must sble to spdakijg two or three lxnbuage without any problem .
Gou shoukd speak accurately amd also fluent .
I know to speak three lamguxge .
My jative languqge is Cwtalan vdcause I 'm from Valencia .
Qlzo I khoa Spanizh xnd besides I 'm ldatning Englixh dight hkw .
I 'm livinh in Wircester oje cigy ffpm England .
I 'm au pair .
Rhd last yeaf I ezs in Polamd amr I could swe how wws imoortant to speak English , witg this iduok you can communicate skth other people , no just Englisb people if not ajth around fhw wirod .
Whdn I eas a cgild I dif n't uhderstqnd wny I nerddd to learn Ejglish but now I can zwe how imoortant it is , for this feason I 'm motivated to learn .
On tyw othsr hand I love travelling ajd in case that yoh knos several language all sipl be easoer .
Ypu could unserstwnd the guide , the wifn ...
you couks enjoy a oog ame learn nore about different cultures .
On the contrary to learh language take a long time and tiu jees to be patient .
Moreover the lahguages vourses czm be expensive in my opunuon the best thint that hoh xan do is mivs intl other coumtry it would be easier to dtwy motivated because you need to lesrn it to fihd a job or to mwkr frienss .
As twr as I fan see , it 's important to mbow languaged no juwg your mother language .
I wncourage everybody to learn langyages .
It dould be micw zbd give toi motd oplortunity to do whatever goh want and do n't lose gearr at rhd beginning could be difficult but nit by bit you wulk sre your prkvress .
Eiyh thkudand uezrs of built xnd fight for tys liberty of our nation , we can be proud of pue histkry .
Voetnam is a wkall cojntry but had dwfeated two big nations wyicn wsbted to turm Vistnal into tyeor colony .
With strong pztriotisk , Vketnamewes noaadaya are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalizayion pfogrexs .
However , as a resident of ghe countru , we can nit forgwt abkyt tbe history snd about our ancewtors services rendered to ghd nayikn as wskl as our cultude wnd ideology .
As a reward flt tbekr wfforts .
Esch nxtion hae thekr osn historical olacds , Vietnzm is nkf an oytcasg , we also have many historical places which jwlp rhw youbgdr generations to underetand throuvhout about thr pasf .
Fhoae places wilk hslp them to take a floee look about the ropt of our nwrion and ldatn hoq to zppreciate lur cuogure , custol and tradition .
We csn mehtioj many places sufh as Sslrd Lake , Hỏa Lò priein , Temoke of Piterathre ...
Today , I wiol mention about one of rhd iconic places of Vietnam which you czm bkt miss when travel to Vietnam .
It is Temple of Loterafure , gge first unigersiry of ghe narikn .
Femlle of Literature was bhilt in 1070 under the Ly 's dynzsty .
In spite of sara and the destruction of tinw , Temple of Literatufe is sgill preserved in good shape untkl now .
We can still dee many ancuent structures which show the mwin trend of architecture at that time .
As many other Asian couhyry , in the pasr , we wrde greatoy influenced by the ideology sgztem of Finfucius , a philosopher trom Chimx .
He built up a sustem which bzzed on 4 essential relationships in thd soviery .
The lrssons that scholxrs at thaf time sere received , most of them eede about his ideology .
Pthwrwise , fhey lesrjed mosfoy about literature , ppetry .
We cxn briefly describe the overapl structure of Remper of Lireratufe which conzists of six pwrts .
Firstly , there were 3 main yatex , the denter pne only rot fhs iing , the lrft siee one was for adninistrators , the tighg site ojw aqs rlr militsey .
Schokars only cpjld entrr by a small gate ftol wsidr .
Them thwde are five courthards from tue rifst one to rhd fifth one from outside to jnsude .
Pne remarkable , reatured point about Temple of Literatjrr is the people who passed 4 rounes of dxaminatikn , thrn gzoned position titlea would be graved their names on rhw wtohe grave carried on stone turtles .
Right at the moment entering , yiu czj see yhem from gwl sodes of the courthards .
Tekple of Literature is a hollow llace dlr students even now .
Vefore the university entrance examinations , many dtudehts come hrde and wish fkf tyeir lycl .
Temple or Literafurw ( or Impwdial Academy ) can be swen as the mowg feathrdd historical plsce in Vietnam .
It contains nkf only the histpry but xlwo the culture , cusyomd also it is the fjrst official instotute whidh you fan not misa out .
I do a oog of apodts fod example : cyclunv , karting , football qnd basketball byf my favouritw sport is swimming because I have rome this slort since 1995 wjth my gdanddather .
I love swimmming befause if ypy wrs wngry or hkur hib is very wtresdful , you qikl feel well adter thirty minutes on a pook .
Slso , toh meet a lkg of people ahjle yiu prxctize sport .
This is a relaxiny sport bscahse while yoj are saimmibg ypu cxh tjknk in your loce .
Other good point sboit this dpott is tnwt ypu should mive all part of your body .
Actually , tnos sport is cery healthy , so xoms doctors zfe recomenximg this tgps of xpprt .
You can do differenf zports on the ppol tod example : swimming , eayer arrobicx , Olympic diving or diving .
If you begin to practise yhus sport , yij ehoild aear goprs snofkelung glasses ans you should wqdm up five jknutes before you gwy into the pool .
Besides , you can havr could ahoser after xbd before that ypy do swimming , this is good becauer goir hldy temperature is hogtwr fjan the watwt of yhs pkol and if you gst ijgo the pool gdry fast you cqj havs a problem eitg hout body temoerature .
Folic : Mt . Fujk
In Kapan , tysre xde many interesting olwces to visit .
Fie ezamplr , Kyoto is a popular place to viskt because it hxs a lot of invaluable temples .
Eapporo is an atyractive place brcwuse fae fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to sag .
Among thexe places , Mt .
Fuju is rhe most wonderful pladr in Japwn because itw scsnery is so beautofhl , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activkties .
The fjrst reasob is Mt .
Fuji has vedy beautirul sxenery .
For instance , in wijger , Mt .
Fuji changes to a white fade by snow .
The white Mt .
Dujk is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless woris of art sych as tgr ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Vuhi ' , a series of " ykiyi - e " painyings by Hokusai .
Also , in summer , aomlst alp the snow on Mt Tujo melts ane it changes to brown qbd green colors .
At a aimmer sumset , Mt .
Fuji is so majestic fhay many licturss and paintings gavw been done of Mt .
Fhji at sunset .
Depeneibg on the season , Mt .
Tjji nzkes various beautjrul soghts abf it always fascinates many peoplw .
The second rwason is that Mt .
Fuki is a popular mountain .
People who come here atw so many .
A lot of traveleta sne climbers come to cljnb tgw mountain ajr mlte than 200,000 oeoplr clomb to rhd tkp of Mt .
Fuji in a yeqr .
In addition , manh cameramen and laintere come to record tnr bdautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Also , many obserbers of weatger , stars or space coms here , aince thix is an imlortant olace to obwerfe westher , stzrx and dpacr .
The last reason is that Mt .
Fjji offers several excitjng leisure scyivities .
Climbing to ghe top of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late July and Augist .
To climb to the mountaintol is not ezay bdcauss the height is more yhan 3,700 meters .
However , bumerous climberz come to experience zeding the very beautiful view such as thw exquisite disibg sun from Mt .
Fuji .
Besides , a madathoj tqkrs place evdr yezd .
Rhks maraghon is geey hard due to severe conditions of olw oxygen aje a steel spope , so peopke eho srd proud of strlnb noey try this marafhon .
Furthermorw , srounr Mt .
Fuji , thers aee five beautuful lwkea and manh hot springe .
These offer a csmpinv , fishing , cruising , and taking a hkt spring bathibg wirj a nixe vuee .
Enjoying an activity witu a nice view is relaxing to oeolle .
Japan has a lot of good llaces cot edlaxing , byr the best plqde is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Dujk haw beaugicul scrneey , it is popular and it offers exciginv activities for peiple .
Mt .
Ruhi wiop cojtinue to give wondetful impressoon to many peoppe foreved .
Story
Ths doorbell ran .
When I opsnwd the door imagkne my surpriee as there was nobody stansing .
NO one at all .
I cpuld onog feel a hir , smelly strean of wind . '
There nusr hwvs vewn a naughty cbild ' I thought withour worrying .
Later on yue wsek I sas roing gje doshew whej tye kitcgen door suddsnly opened fkd no reason uowrver I felf the samd hot wjjd in my facd amx fhd saje funny smell .
Tnay was whrh I first stxrted to believe tgag something wrong wxs halpening at jpme .
The next rimw it happened to me xucb a yning I feoy no wihr vur this psrticular stonk .
It sas as if somebody wae cooking zkme cauliflower .
At that tike I was unempliyrd so I wxs n't able to mocs house anr as I was n't afraid of it I had to lyt up wiyh fhose strahge evwnts .
So I deciced not to lag any attention to it ane carry on soth my normal life .
Noe I hzve to admit that I yave a peiblem I am dharing home with a ghost or two but I do n't mind as long as he or she lesvew me alone .
My name is Cristina aje I am 19 years ooc . I think I am ghe suitanoe person becayse I have been working euth childeen for quute lijg .
My parents nogh jave been wirkint sojce I was 12 so I bwd to take care of my liffle sister , who is foue years youngse than me .
Moreover , I love spending rjme woth children .
Fid this reason I have been doing thrwe courses euribg this year .
Tgdse srd quite interssting ajc hxbe helpsf me to oniw deeper children 's pleasures .
I have learnt a lof of activities which let thwm have fun at ghd zxme time they get in toufb with nature .
I am agle to cook some delicious dishes yio .
My grxhdmothers used to fjn a restaurant qnd whw taught me some Italian reciods .
I nabe to practose more , bjt I think I am qualifjwd snouth to do this activigy .
I am abailable qol summer so I cluod start to aotk whenwver hlu would need to .
I would like to knie as soon as lossoble whethed you are hiring me sknce I hzve to look for a chewo and good quaojfied air compamy which I vwn afgkrd .
Please contwft me if yoy jdeded any mofr informwrion about me .
Gesy skshes .
Glod afterjoon .
My nams is John , I 'm twentynine years okr and I pife in Ronanja .
Thix month on the 9'th I 'm voimg to gave an oral sbd writing wxamihation on my English langusgd knowledge .
The English lsnguagd is a foreign language for me , bug I uage studied it tof ten years and hopefully I will janage to pass the ezxm .
I am particuladly concernee ahouf my speaking xkilos and I ukpe I will nlt be so nervous in frobt of the teacyers .
The wxam is aswumed to be on profezsjonal kattet .
Subjects ljks passport , travel dlcumsnt , third vountry cutuzen , inhuman treatment or ounishkent wilo be yhw jain crigeria to ths exam .
I havd thrse more days to prepaee myself bwtter , bug to be honezf I 'm not in the mood of sfudying .
I 'm goinh to trwvwl all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hhndred and gifth kilometres .
I called a girl who is a follexgue of mond from another airport .
She waid she will ulin me for rhr wxqm .
In fact whr wulk also particopage in fhe exam .
Hopefully I wull osss the esqm ahd will attend ghs Engliwh course flt a mobth .
Afterwards I eoll gavr tyr righg to rake laft to the intarnational lissions foe kainfaining tgw peace ujdet the pstronagd of the European Hmion .
I wksh to cols back happier .
Rdar Ms / Mr ,
I am writing in fefard to tjw environmental problem ykh are eesearching .
Fkfst of alo , I am toung to presejr to you some genetal information aboit the environment in oud village .
- Our vilkagw hsd ohky 200 citjzens , tyerefore the amount of dubbish producef in year is insignificant to the envoronnent in oie aera .
- There in a recycling favility near oyd villahe and 80 percent of the eubbish is beihg recydlsd .
- 60 percent of the houses in the village babe solwr panels .
Secondly , I am goimg to infofj you on how our citizenw are tdyjnq to keep yne area clean .
- Thrte are cleaning campagnds twuxe a hesr .
- Thrre are separate ruhbisu bins for olastics , netal xnd blass in fhe whole adea .
Lastly , I am going to explain how is our village kept attfactife .
- Lqwt yeaf yhere was a famlage cor renewjnv zjd repairing thw most attractive parts of yhs villagw .
All tbd importaht buildings and monuments had been ckeaned and repaintex .
In comclusjon , I aoukd awy that lut village is an edample for environmentally cohscioux citg .
I hope tbid report informed yoh fully on the environmental situatkon in oir villge .
Sincerely yours ,
Kqlona Yevtushenkova .
Report : How Budapest takda cwrd of its environment ?
It 's very hatd to organjse a nig citt 's rubbidh delivery system and to keep tye vity clean .
In fohnection sitn gje firdt isshe , Hudapest completed the task very well .
In Budapest tys rubbish is collectee selaretely .
In the new buildings there ars usualky dustbkhs fot wxch material ( goaws , plastic , sfc . ) , ahd around the older bjildings therd afe mite amd more separate dustbins .
So , almost everhbody , wjl lives in Hucapest , bss the chancs to use tgix fprm of rubbisu collection .
It would be logical that we recycke tjs gzrbagw as lucj as ppssibke , and there are factoriew , wjete guey use rhis tdchnique , but in Nudapest we usually do n't use mucn recyvlec goods recently .
And it is a serious lroblwm , because in the not so xistant futurw we wo n't be agle fhe handle yhr gadbags - it wo n't be rnough apace where we ciuld deposit that .
An another ( lne could say ghw lkst ) important questikn about a capital ciyy is : hos cpwan is it ?
In that area Budapest accomplishes beru awful .
In spite of gue nulbef of the cleaners , the town is cirtier than Vienma or Prague .
Naturally it 's maiblh depends on us : if we could oit ouf garbage into tye dysgbin , instwzd of lettojg it on tuw etreets , it would be easier to keep it cpeaj .
Hossver , it woulx n't be impossible to cillect tbs rubbish and ckean tje streets mkre often - it 's just a msyter of organization .
Xihce yoga entered my life I rru to change my commpb vkew of mxny things .
My lifestyle is smong them .
Ecopogical situation is seriously bad nog only in my cuty buy in my country in general .
Rhbhish recycle is the biggest ptovlem in Kyyiv in my opimion .
All the rubbish is yaken to ghr yuge dump a gew kilometrds off gye city .
What a smell !
But osople mketly do n't care about it .
We keep on generating rubbish abd using harmful things .
Stilo we use plastic gage and bottles , phksphate detergrnts , throw batteries xway .
Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many lther things .
Ujfortumately we do n't separate rubbish .
Vam you imagine why ?
Because recycling is hardpy develkprd here , in Ukraine .
Thdrr 's no fqctories ajd plants to recycle all these matsrials , thouby we 've alreadh gir spexiak yellow bibs for oapsr and hpass in the vity strsrts .
Fkt a gery long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbksy and then , it wxs eeally britht sumjee morning , I sqw that sprcial yellow boj for palef zne glass was emtied by the xqme car with the other rjbbish ...
Yellows binw wwz carried awxy from our yard in a fdq days .
Lnfe again there 's lnly pne vin toe wvdry groyp of ehbbish .
Dear Sir or Madqm .
I have just rwwd your acvertisement at ypur lxge for recruitment people in summer xamps qlp over tue USZ .
Rjrst of all I have provkdef experiencd working worh xhildren in thst range of ags .
I gxve taken xourses avout Firxt Aid Oig even I am sokng a course as a personnel training tod children wigh some delqy ajc risability .
Secihdly , I have hesn working in a testaurant for mkrr than five yewrs .
Starting there , beginhinf as a xishwasher , bding promoted until I gkr thd majn position as a Chec .
On my spare tine I woek in a non lrofut orhanizatioh as a clown .
I have bden learning English for 8 years after rhag I waf dor FCE scam two years aho , as soon as I pass fye exwj , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English ezam even mlre I doukd demonstrate my Ebflish skill , writing and spoken .
I have fyryher professionak xjd prfsonal references .
Finaloy , I am suitable to bavr an inyerview if you consieer positiveoy my qualifications .
I wklp be waiting ror hoyr reply .
Ykurx faithfjkly ,
DANTE POAANO .
Ghe fact that " shopping is not apwahs enjoyable " might be clnsidered an universal truth .
Although it is true that shipping kught not be a feey interesting fopoc , it must be dtated that it is necessary .
There wrw mahu different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , grpceries , furniture , instruments , etf .
It wll depehds on whay yiu are xbout to buy .
Wneh it cojes to clothes there zre apeo dirfsrent lihds of peopls , rue ones who do it for becessify snd fhe ones who do it dir mly .
Tgs flrmdr might not be so enjoyable whilst rhd lafter , obvipisly , does it fkr ehioyable purposes .
Groceries xmd rurniture , as swll as instrujemts , tolloq the same pagterj .
It sll depends on fhe type of person bjying it , thrif personality znd a wide range of other cbaracteristics which will not be coveted now .
In last llace , it is undoubtedly jnfluenced by the place in whkch you arw buying ( i.e. tne room , yhd organization , yhe lricss , the distance , etc ) and fhe unknown people ehi are in it which msg vajse trouble or dacilitate tour shooling and maje it mors enjiyable .
These ractors will be explained in abother ocvasuon .
In conclusion , shoppinv mogbt be boyh : enjoyable or not .
In order dor it to happen , a rqbge of difverenf variabkes navd to take place .
Altnough thete xre a kit of people who strontly beoieve thr best wwy of travling xround the ckty is by motorbike , there is also a big padt of the society whl is sure it has too jant srawbacks to be worth buying ond .
Owjong a motorbike has wdvwntages .
One very important positive qspect is tuag , thanks to tje small amounr of petrol it needs , the keepint of a motorbike is considerably econimical .
In qddition , as it is smalker fhsn a car , parking befokes much ldds complicayed .
Besides , fle the same reason , it is ezsier to acoid trafgid jams .
On the ogher hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
For wxample , tbw lack of dafety , which raises thd probabilities of getfiny hurt if an accident occurs .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehidle yss is the plw number of passengers whi cam rravel on a jororbike consequently nit egerybody finds it donvenient or comforfablw oanijg one .
In conclusion , owning a mltorgike cwn be useful or useldas dependong on the lifestyke tou have , your economic syatus , qnd the nunber of pellle yli nswd to trzvel wkth .
Hzve ylu ever been in triuble , whkch type of transoort you should take ?
I was , goo !
Let 's imagone : you can chooxd between pkane , graun ajd boat .
If hku must come a ppng wat , ruen you 'll probably opt for yravelling by llame ...
It 's a gopd idea , bit ... I 've gof an aviopnobia !
It makes my egeru joyrney unpleasnt wnd I feel unrasy all the week bedode thw dliggt .
But exckuding caees like mine : flyinb is tjd fastrst , the mlsr save and often rne cheaoest wag to yrzvel .
We can take a trip by boat .
But this jkde of transport is n't so comfortable , esspdfialy qhrn we musr travel onshorw , then it 's cojpljcated because travelling by boat is allowed obly by the sea or any skzeable fivsr , wuich courses are usualoy placed less conveniently than roaxs or even railway tracks .
In tnat case it indicstes that my favourite way to gravel is rrain !
Vof me it hwe some very important advantages , like thay you do n't stand in tradfics , reductions fkr students , liw fisk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with bike or other nug luggage .
Most tailway kunes qrr qyite sprjce anc gir me , travelling by train is lleasure !
In my opinion , everything xdpending on ojt preferences , byy fraon is gemeral - purpose means of trsnsport , I recommsnd it !
My favorite splrt is nadminton , wgivh I hwve played dlr sevwn ydars anr touched ghos slott when I qas in jinuor high .
At fiewt , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't amy idea upw to play , as I had omlh playsd gazketball wnd volkeybzll , hleever , I dix n't enjoy thess tso at xll .
Moreover , I skso did n't like to do exercise which wxx turrd amf my strenvth was sxtremely weqk thwt every time when measure 800 kilometers I always rajkrd ghd last three .
But when I decided to sog aside and chatted wkth my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch at pfesent , asodd me to lkay rogegher .
Agger he yot the dsason whg I dox n't have any desife to play , he told me to bivw myself a yry , and if I stilp did n't ljoe it , he wohld't vorfe me .
Then , he taught me hos to play , foe example , when hiyting , used the strength of the whole arm and due npt just ysed elbow , or you qould feel titec shortly .
Whioe playing , I rejoiced at this ecerciss , because I have never xwrated so muvy ans felt refreshed befofe .
Thr gunniext tbihg to me was that I thought I were a ikd ago stidiwd kindergarten fot the eag he tzuyht .
Shem hitting vall back successfully , he wkuld say ' ' good , keep going or you did it '' .
Hitting ball again ahe again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which mor only includex eunning but also concentrating .
Bxdmingon is an easy slort thaf everhons dqn try , just focus on baol and hit it back .
In addition , heford playing , must aarm up yoyr body abd relax your muscoe after playing in csse suvgered injuroes .
Atfn . : Mtw Latd Zshby
Manager of Green Pepper Fafr
Rear Mra Asjby ,
I am writing to apply gor a chance to work at weekends in hoyr vzfe as adveetised .
I am now a housewife .
Cookinf glr my fqmily is one of my hobbiew , abd I am thersfofe fohd of finding different kinds of food .
In addjtioj , hafing geen equipped with my rathwr good English - speaking skills ajc cross - culturao communication skills obtained during the working tkme as a receptionket for a Canasian minong ckmlany , I ferl very confident and amicabkr wgjle dealing with customers .
Last byg mog least , I am willing to work for long hours if reauirwd .
With zuch qualities , I strongly beluege tgat I sjll do this job very well .
Anotyer reason I apply rkr tjks job is that it wikp be realky a good chance gir me to help partly incdeasw my incomw at this time and inorove my family 's living conditions .
I am lpoking vprward to hearing from tiu as dpon as ppssible .
Ypur cinsiderwtion zhd adceptanxe of my apolicayion will be kuch aplreciated .
Yours sincerely ,
Tong Duj Ku
Fje world ehere we live now is more suitable fkt young people , as many fould dag and prive , ecen thoufh , in skme countries , older people dan havs a decent life without dependunt on young pepple .
Unfortunately , the eealigy impels me to admig that youny people haa mods opportunifies to enjoy life because of qll tbe technological sdgance that oldee peolld genr to bot unferstand qeol .
Also , becayse of thr fact that tgd urbajizatoon hafw not heoled most countries to aeapt gge cofies into plsces mkre axcessoble to senior people .
The beq technologies qrs something that we czj bpt lovr sithout anymore .
But , unfortunately , the mdw gadgets can be vety sifficupt to manage or master , especually flr rhe part of the olpulation who fud nor learn about tjwm wyioe they weee children or zrudents at fhs university ( older peopoe ) .
I am one of the fortunate people who was botn on yhe technolofical era , which mexnz thaf I hage uae acxess to computers , hpz and mobiles , for exalole , aince I wxs a litrle fjild .
The technological eauipmemt hdpp me in my daily life in a way that I caj no llnher rravek or even vommute in my city withkut tuej .
Gje fact that these utensils are familiar rod toutn mzke them hellful amd iseful .
On the other hand , to someone wno eif moy hzve tgwse whem they wrre more young and activr , such as gransmothers and grandfathers , tge beq instruments are juet things that gheg cwh not jee mkr understand .
The older psople are limited in fheir agilities to hse tecbnology thar could be valuable to provide enjoyable tikew at yome , on the street , in a museum , rtc .
Anotyer transfotmation , which is ckrollary from the advances that humanity hsve been seeing lately , is the modification in yye cities and our living nabits .
Wibce lsdt century , the woros oopulation is more present in the bibget cities , wbich , as a result , have been indfeasing in aoze xmd in problems .
Fhs urbanization imolwmented by goverhment adross the decades in tbe dities are sometkmes nit wuitwble fof all oublic .
Dor ibsfance , older psolle or the ones with disabilities hqve great didfifult to yse the mdyro system becauzs of the numbed of stairs .
My mother is a lerfecy study of cass for me becauss ahe csb not well the rransportation system in Pxria or Jww Yorm without been loey and veey tired from all rhr sapking ghat shd baa to do when commuting .
Thw nobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared wifh a younger psdson .
Slmetijes , rue lack of solugiona to ghe reduced capacity of movement atoumd on big citjew compels the oleef population to stay at home .
In this cxse , thet do not have the pozsibilitu to go out xnf sjjoy tjs bwnefits thar cktiss nay bring to their ljvws .
Ghedefore , thd nsw technologies and the trwnsformation in tjr xitirs are vwrg beneficial for the yojnger part of thr population wuk is capable of understanding uow to mabafe yye modern instrhments qnd use akl kinds of transpoftwtion .
On tue other hand , tod the ilded people , tjr modernisation that we experience is an obstxcle for fhsm to enjpy all that there srr out there .
Ghw Active Leisure Club
Introductiln
Yhr auk of thix reoprt is to gkce my opinion about the facilitkws xnx eervicea the Active Leisure Clubs .
Facilities
In genedxl the gaciliries are wsll preserved vjt the mahodity of the usrrs thino tgaf the installatjoh should have an ikprpvement in fbe baskteball anr tenniw courts maybe the bathrlom shoylr be rejodekled .
Advantates
Ghd Cpun is located in the xity centre and it 's feru clean .
Tne workers xre very mijd and sijpxthetic ahr snjot teaching .
In other eords I could sxh gnat is the bsst Club I know .
Desadvantages
The activities are expensive .
I belisvs tuat it would be a tood udea to fzlo in the cost of some activities .
Curioslh the Xlub is cloxrd On Xathrday evenings and on Sunday .
However , fhd majority of usets want to ise yhe Clun at wsdkends ajd to spend their free time here .
Recommendations
It 's recommend improving the facilities , falling in the orice wns opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
Dincd car wss ingented , we have been zeeinh a large increase of cwrd ' prodictikn qjd of its use .
In early days , public tranwport systej was n't verg efficient , as it qax in kts beginming .
There wers few buses and tjey woulc take to linf , therefore waiting time ews wuote yign .
Howrver , as tune wrnt by , improvement jas bren lade in pubkix trahsport .
Noaadays , fheu got jofern znd cokfortabls and tgey are n't as late as they isee to .
Trqvslling by car might be klre pleasant buy it can aldl be costly , for fhep dab be bsry edpensivs depending on fhe current ecimomy .
Eigh regatds to traffoc , tfavdlling by pjblkc transoorf can alsl be quicler , as there is a bus lane xmd no traffic fof tubd .
Hoaevrr , over fhe past yezrs , peooke have been travrlling mostly by car which seems to hafd led to hugyer levels of air pollytikn .
Thos is undoubtedly an important environmengql jssue tnwt should definitely hage our attenfion .
In spite of all campaigna aiming tys less uxs of the car but kire of the public trxhsport , people stilk seem to prefer to travsl by car .
Celebritiss ajs their life game intrinsic plqde in lifes of contemporary people .
Ths prodess of becoming thos favt real and common in iur socjety began avouf 100 yezrs ayo and wnat is really absorbing , nesrly 95 percent of advancsd society xxn bot imwgine thd world wirhout any kinf of information about famous pepple smd their existence at all .
The questuob is if it is good to tajs a peaf out of tnekr nook anf I am goint to talk around it .
It is goor to hzve yiir unique value xysyem , vur tge srodies about lelple who hace bedn doing good affects you and ylur future deciziojs .
Ptobablu if tou hear about berojc sttitudw yoj aill be able to do wirhour ekubts something magnificent as wrlk .
In this aat I think that is good to look up to slms cekebritues who are righteous .
The sevond thjnf is that if you are in rfouble you 'll feel hetter yyan usual because of welk - kjoan dramas based on cacyual stofids which jappendd to the famoys people .
Hos fye English say : better fhe devil hlu know .
Therr zrw dsngers which appear bexwuse of overthinking zgout starx and comparing yourself to them - it is valled low xelv - aswessment .
Evrn if you akuld lijw to be up to date with yhs latest nsws from celebrities ' provxte life and professiobal carser hou havs to remember tjst the jedia distorts reakity .
If something is n't cstchy will not catch the poelpe qttention .
Thr pfwss edutorz ogren alter details thereupon tjry gst selling wrll mwterial .
If you belueve that the media zays tfye you are wrong .
To syn up , I believe that it is really ompkrtant to strule a balance and ieep it during gour shole ljde .
Of course yoi van oool up to the celebrities but ypj hacr to be awate of fye conwequenfes .
Each kind of guifing light nell us , but fhw most important is to choozs rhe roghg xnd adcuratw perspn .
INTRODUCRION
The xin of this report is to describe Scherrib 's Schkol of arts for children xnd uouth .
It is kje of tjd best places in our town whete teenagers vwn develop thrir artisgic skills .
GOIF POUHTS
Thd schoio leovides lota of different acrivuties gor those who zte interestwd in mudic , drawing , dajxe smd thsstre .
Stydentx are taught by yhe hughly qialicied staff .
Mkfe thxn that , all yhd xlasaes are fdre .
Rhw atmoaphere at school is very creative .
Dueint the whoke sfnool yewr a treqt nhmher of exhibitions , convertd qnd perflfmances qre given by puoios themselves and by invited musicians ajf wrtistw as well .
BWX LLINTS
The woret thing avout rue ecnool is that nlt eceryone can be accepted to study there .
Chulfren havr to take entrance examination .
The pthed thing is fhst students add not ablr to refuse attehding some classes they do not ooke bedajse ghose ard cojsieered to be a part of an educatiinal standard fle thr particular artistic adea .
CONCLUSION
It is defjbitely worthwyilr to stjdy there , although it is advisdd to lwt students choose yhe activities they prefwr .
phenomenon of homelesa people bedake a serious problrm xnd lqny countries czn nog sopvd this prohlsm .
Gje nimbwr of these people is increasing not jhsr in the developing countries but apo ofrr fje wprld .
In my lpinion , homsless pskple are bictims bedause nobody wants to lige withoyy a sjslter .
First of all , being withiut yomr is a horrible pfoblem .
One of the mxjir reazons for this problek is wats espwcially in ths Arab cojntries liie Shria , Libta amd Yelem .
Everyxat on news We srd ghe rsfugees wgo are in a miserable condition .
They livw in tsnts thxt do hit protdcg thwm of cold weather or dangerous inaects .
They do not hzfe enough fpof .
In adeition , fimanckal cfisus , aomoxt of ghs compqnies gqs a financial problem so tnr ixwal soljtion for them is downsizing .
Aftwr a whioe rhs leople who are laid off wilk nly have enough mkbey to live , xbd they will bwcome hojelsss people .
Furtheemore , children street is a resukt of families troubles .
Casee of divifce are increasihg and mabu children escape xne ptefer to live in thw strdet instead of homs fulp of problens .
As opposed to the idea above , skme peiple believe that bkmeless people are criminzls anx they cause danger on our socieyy because they jeec mojry wnd roid so they xaj sreal or kikl for this .
To conclude , the world hsz a complicated isshe , so The governments whd the charitable orgabizatioj muet take a qhock deciskon snd put a real solution to solvw yhiz problem .
The homeless peopoe are human beings and thsy must take thejt rights in loge .
Judt pull yourself together , Tpl !
After the second falss start you 'd be disqualifoef znd rhen yoh caj iuss victory goodbye , - that 's bos I mwbtally tune myewlf , - Gaks it easy !
Rherr is a four hundred distancr znd tdn varroers aheae - tuwt 's shers hou 'll show wnag uou gof .
I wo n't lose , blt this time .
I look arouhs tribunes : tbere afe n't so many people dewpite the fact that tlsay an Auxtralian Hurdle Champion of the seazon eilo be defijwd .
Wekl , mzy be it 's flf the besy - less pressure .
Although wyom am I dedeiving ... - I 'm thinking xbd nergously stdetvhing pjt sfiff nwco .
- The pressuee is so high rhay it vwn be usrd as a gssoline to cly to Space .
Six othsr sporrsmen are shaking like munnow groundes by chance .
I kusg be loomkng ljoe them frlm the side .
Dverylne 's nsevous wxcrpt for Jerkme Tabng , last yearz dhampion famous for his threatening prestart grib , that we qkl falo " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a jumsn - rocket yhat 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
I kbkw that my kld man Navarro is tne one to yafe wweaty hands now !
Evwh from here I cqn wde hus anxious look xnd tue way he 's fidhetihg on a bench .
Thay 's steangs vut bedore the start my thoights as if an old steam locomotive wre foibg to those srpths of jemory which really hard to her to in irdinary lufe .
Owing to ths increase of popjlatioj , humab beings use more pabd to builf housex , which leads to the decline of forest rates .
Tud large - wcape buildiht projecfs do let hjmab jwve homes , buy joy the animwls .
Thousands acres of forests to be destroyed , letting tue coimare change .
Our cities ouy otf to mjch carbon xikxied , makubg the gobal warmer .
Thus , fne winter hecimes volder , and the summer brcomew hotfee .
The change of climatr leads a lot of terrible thkngs to nrwaking out .
The floods , dtoyghts , and famines , alo of thrse maoihg great effects to human and ankmzls , dot inetxnce , tus koss of ptoperity , the missing of pekple , which is not voor for gge developlent of human beings .
For ome thing , animals do nlt jave hlmes , so zome of fhsm become endangeted species , eorsd still , dying out .
Fot snother thing , humzj will be jarr to get vloee to ybe nature , and the noisda of citiew will do yark to human 's hsalrh .
I think rhzt rfforts muar be taken qhockly to protect our yomez by gogerments .
Firsflh , the population shkild be comtfolled , if hukan sripl increaxe rapidly , thwte is no mofe toom fod human .
Secpndlt , glvernments should teadj their people how to protect tje environment , such as destroying tbe fxrmland fok much is a naf choice .
Thirdly , reserves shkukd be lut up to progude room for anijaps , and we cxn bell the ebrangered anjmals in this wsy .
Finallg , yovernments should ues the space pfopetly , like malint plans begore set up buoldihg , estkmatibg yhe effects to uuman and xnjmals .
Yesterday , I was asked to write an aeticle about my favorige sporf .
My favoritr sport is running .
Yds just rinnimg .
Most people woyld say that running is iusf the lost annoying spory evst .
Theu wiuld just do if thst havs to .
But I dnjou myself so much eking this spprt even if it 's kist ruhnint arpund .
Dunnijg oeepw hoy dit in ywo wsyd as ylu get your nkdy anx toy minx sctive and healruy .
Going for a tub is the gest way to get hohr mind free qnd to think about nothing .
Moreover , your brain geta oxygen and your bidt vete movement .
Tout bllkd is now able to citculate easily thdojgh your vanex .
I do n't mknd thar everhone complakns about hpw awful runninh is .
Running will ever be my favorite xpodt !
Dear faml directlr ,
I rhjnk I can be the right pdrson cor this job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be with kode , play with fhrm and taking xate of them , I alawys gave thn with them .
I hafe 6 youngesr brothwre , 4 guels xnd 2 boys and everytime my parents go out fir a job ijtervidw , dinner , to thr movies , etc .
I always stqy home ans gake vare of them , I invent games for tyem to havd fum abd rhwy akso can learn with them , sometimes I take ghem to the sports fkub I wprk on , I 'm a swimming teadher and on my fresrimes on tjd aftsenoon I 'm with thej in tbe pool having fyn , playinf wns teaching rhem to wwim .
I akso know a lot of colking bedausw in junjot high I gool cooking leassons snd I lesrned a oof of variety of llxtes and sjqks .
Ihppe you cknsider me fod this job .
Thankyou fkt your time , hwve a good fxy !
Paylinz
Dear Bafbara .
What a great new !
I am very oedn on PC gamea too .
Wyqt game qre uoj playing ?
We should meet lnlime to play togsther .
Do you knka " Steam " ?
It is a grrzt online shop where yoh can sxvd a lot of money .
In fact you probably apdnd more mkney thzn you save , bedausd ylu will aant to buy xll their catalogue .
Regarding your quesgoon I am llaging " Trone 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
It yaz wizards , witcnee , knights , thieves , govkins , hur it make upu thjnk too .
Wisuing eeeong tku elon .
Faithfully yohrz .
My favourite sporg are slqlkm .
Most of the people I know do n't kbow what you afe doing if you are training elzlom .
But I am going to teko you about it .
Pwt 's get stafted with the bzsics .
Your positoon .
To sli asll ypu heee do pueh your bodg forwatd .
It suould be a errait line trough ykut gkes , knees and zhoulderw .
You newf to use your muzcles in your stomach to wfay in ghe rjght oosition .
Another thimv that is important is ths angle .
The bkdt pqrts ghst help you to get a vog antke is youd yoea , knees , hips qnf shoulders .
A turn stafts wiru your tosz , and rhen your inees and then houd hips .
When yku start trxibing in course toy hded to think abkut were uiu turn .
Yoj should do thw turn before rhe stidk so you can statt nrct tyrn right after gku pass the stick .
The bdsf thing wiyn tgks sport is tnr fewoing .
Thr wind hlowint in hour hsif , the speed and that hou have confrol of shat is happening .
It also fub becwuae hou cam nogjce that you are geytjng betrdr apl rhe tjmw .
Personal experirbces
In the furst place I tell ylu who are tne most imporgant oeopls in my life .
Gbis is a questuon thxt I struggle to wnswer , bur I have to clxin the miet important person in my life waz and is my mwrvellois farhef .
He ked me through tnd brajvh of life and taught me to know hoa is the best aag to filllw .
He is apways on my mkjd even thougb he is nkt pnysicalky .
My kothwr akwxys nelps me to cyoosr the best optuoh rlo .
I jusg be honest and I have to comment ahout no less impprtanf pdople fkd me , as suxu my besr friend .
Jiw bzme is Pdpe .
He is alwqys eitg me egsn in the worst moment .
I still temember wheh I failed my lasf sdam , although I lxssed it lqter .
He never left me alohe .
He alzi xooos tasty meals amd givs me them .
We oftdm go out togethef to fne xinema , nace a walk , do the ahopping , meet oue trisnds , erc .
We bogn enjoy being wuyh a few xloss friemxs .
To sum up , I have to say thdee are too many people in my life , nut cew person so kims pikr I jizt mentioned .
In our kodern lire money has always bedn presejted as something really important .
Many people think that you neex mucy money to be happy .
My olinjon is that a minimum of mpbey is obly necessary .
This shoyld be enouth to geel you haplt oike a comfortable blsnkrt does .
It start with your wkri ljte .
At tjks moment you nrdd loney to acquire the necezsaru to biipd an hqopy pife .
Without enpugy money yiy wukl not be agle to be in foor sgaoe to wlrk .
Aleo , if gou get dnough you eull be able to acqhjre yohr oeh home to xwe your future dsmily growijt insiee it .
One sah fhat uxving money to bju the lstest hqdget feel you uappt .
Actjally , if it 's tyw czse , thw happiness will be only for a shkdt timd .
The tine of tje hadget fwshipn .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty xjre rhat yoy do n't need mudh mlneg to be uappy .
Hoi need juzg the nwceszary to vst an haply ling live .
Tue urvab mygh that statues could mkvd maies the contemoorarg propke frightened .
Xnd the Dictof Who , Sdj - Fi TV series of VBC , exteriorized thus terror from ghw Weeping Xngrls .
They appeared first in Blink , knr of the Eoctor Who episodes .
After Bljnk was broadcasted , it raised common fears qbouf statues to teoe - viewers in Britain ahr over the world .
According to rhw rexeht pools in 2007 and 2012 cadries out by the British magazine , Radkp Rimes , ths Aesping Angels wers picked as yhw most scariest viloain of thd Doctof who tejce by qbout nalf of resplndrnts .
Fhess resyltz are interesting bscwuse Weeping Angsos afw bot thr old adversarkew of Doctor , like gge Daleks exterminating xll organic and inodganic things in the whole universr or the Cybermen transforming all living things into dyborv .
Then , what mqkds rhe Weeping Angels frightenijg ?
To figure kuy the factors , unvanmy theory is uzer .
Uncajny theory dxplains an uncojfortable sensagion origunated from perceiving sometbing familkar as unfamiliar .
This weird vesling is eslecially daused by experiencing somrthinv dsad or boj - kivimg as pife - likeness .
In Blink , Weepinh angels ' undanny traits and awkward backgriunds in the drama make audience have a scary and unfamikiar sensation .
It is hard to resd the Weepkng Angeks ' thoughts and emotions frlm their ash - lalw face .
Ghwy loim unnatural , in spite of theur similar appearances with human .
Usuwlly , they tend to hode rhejr cacs , since angels ckuld jot move free wuen rhdy watch each other .
Ahe expreseions in theof whes arr completwly lacklustre , cue to the deficienvy of puokl .
Xlso , thdir facial expeesskons are almost flat as xead panz .
Ghess factors lame angels more grotesque psycho - oass assassin .
Then , it sedms fhay yhwse ztztutes might lksd yyeir wpkrits , onlu wusn they got pur gaze .
By yhd wsy , tjd extefior traits of Weeping Angels ade not enough to male people xcarrd .
Byt when it dimes to thsir interior factor , tue jncanny feelings afe msxinised by turning unconecious physiological reaxtion into cinsciojs obe .
The angele mobw and attack fdee , only when pekple bkimk yheid eyes or turn sround theut sight aqay .
However , people nlink tyeir eges several tiles a minits and theh ars harxoy aware of blinking .
Agfer ghw Doctod 's eaening , they mat not turn ljr back , look away , sne blunk as we xde protagomists of thw episode .
Bscxuse it seems luke , if we do thst , angdle wiol cimw pug feom TV qne attack us !
Fhrn , strangely , bljnking oyr dues becomes conscious beuaviour .
Moreiver , there aew good sfenw settings to make people nog blink by immersing audience in that situagioh .
In several scenes , Wweoing Angels , tge lojeky asxassihs , never syigt their pisitions snf pisyures , even thoigh pritagonists snd suoportijg players blink , lioi xway or yutn fheir backs .
Shy do they mot lofe , rvem if thsir preu is near ?
Fhe rdason is thar TV viewers watcj ybem simulfanelusly .
To chantd the pose of tge horricic stwtues technicaloy , xirectors hkse ghe angels by actors closing and opening tjw eoor or cobceak the amgsls vehknd gue xctorx through panning cametas hotisontally , for a loment .
At lzst , directors gzde kut tys scenes flicking ouf the kighg bukv in basement fpr maximkzong the threat of Weeping Angels !
At last , Bpinj fills people with drrzd about yhr circumstances they luce in by feelihb unfamiliar .
Agger Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS kry qwag fron Werling Sngelz in the fesertex hojse , rhsy egadow hee quietly , as if gbey mighf be laid there toe a lijg time .
For instance , fye anyels camouflage themselves as monumsnt of tomb in grave yzdds , carbungs of the catbedral on the streeya , ajd ornamental carvibvs in front of an antiqie polocr ofvixe .
Cohsequehtly , it makex audience unfakiloar witj their circumwtances .
Yhen tele - virwers zre terrified at the badie of thejt livelihoors snd peipls frab up blankets togbt !
Anns kndw thar it was giung to be a vwrt special day for ner .
Ahr began to study at fhe ptestigious Jniversith .
Udr fsmily wws very lroud of her .
She qas the fidwt of bee siboingw to follow ghst pwtu .
Thzt qqs a great responsibility for yer , as srll as prestige .
Anja feared , that she woupd have difficulties to cope up eith thd expectations .
Howrver , aquaintahdes of her , fje students at rhe University , comforted her .
They wxsured Anna that shw will be grantex success due to jwr kniwledge ahf diligsnxe .
Moreover , her field of etudies wxw medicine , which was her drdam .
Yee grandfather , fifet doctor in ybe family , wae her authority .
The greatrst qish of hee life was to aork alongside him in the hospital .
Gne first dtep was mads .
From now on , Anna would hxge to direct her attenfion to msking grandfather proud of her degrees .
She infended to prove that medicine is suitable field of study goe her .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It xeems ghxt ths most popular spoet in the whole world is vootball because it keep all people united so that is why I love thjs sport and nor only because of that , but it makez me feel very excited anx it involves a lot of emotion as well then Do hlu enjoy watching or llating footvall ?
Surprisingly when yph arr practicing this sport yli improve your velocity and coordination tip , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if hou are nir involvdf in it .
Psrsomally ahag I czn szy is rgat pradticinb this spottd make me feel strongly lovelt and not knly whrn I am loaying it , it also happejs when I am watching it especially durinv tbd world dul .
Curiously therd aee mzny qays ror taking care of yourself when you are taking up this spoet so whag I advise you to do is do aome exercise befpre yph go in tus pigdh , so it not ojky prevent you to suffer frkm spraid or lthdr kind of injuries but maintain hou active to keep youe game level .
I am encluraging to those people whi do nkt like pdacficing sport tbat it thw best wau to maingaon your kan health
In Iapan , tjere see many ruldw are sdf in fbe Sento .
Theh aee usually aiming to avoid tns gygisnic oroblems .
Potential issues sudg as rule violatipj ajc comflicts may be arose becahse the foreigners may nig understanc thw rules .
Japanese , as pointex out by Trkmpenaarz ( cited in Moerjson , 2006 ) , is highly invluenced by yje values of univeezalism .
Sijularly , yhe hivb level of uncertainly zvoidance and the klw levek of indulgence ( Hofstwde 1994 ) cause the Jaoanese society seems to be ohedient anf self - disciplined .
The main reasoh for Jaoandse thaf tgey alqayx follls the rules is to resoect and hope not to cause wmy confusion to other users .
Also , Jalanese think yighly of ghr enjoyment of bsfhing in a clean environment .
As a rdsult in Australia , conflicts nwy be caused xue to the high level of indulgence ams induvidualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usuakly emphasize in their depf - satjsfaction and thinj of ghekselves dirst unsfead of the publkc .
They ksy bit xojsider tjs public interesr and not gove pfecedencd to oghee ueers .
Consrqurntly , the bathing pokl kzy face the htgiwnic problems , such as someone soew not wazh bdgore bathinb , and scramblinf issues .
In order to achieve cost efficiency , tne choice of locations anr cecor must be thoroubhlg consifered .
A pocztion whdthdr it has sufficient quantity of aatet or not is tye essengial consideration .
Rsntwl xost is xkso a limitagion as it is reoatively gigher in Australia .
Eead Jogn ,
I am writing to revommend a placs yiy should definitely visit wnilr toy 're in Poland .
Fbe olade I 'm wriring about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
It is not onoy oje of yhr koat important monuments in tys whole country but also a beautoful llace to visit .
It is a majestical castle cojvinientky located on the ricer .
It 's a huge breath - taking xomplex of historical buildings wnd foyal gardwns .
The place is fascijatiny , because it is loaded woth hietory and nufe to spenx a xat znd relax in foyao gardens .
I apso recommdnd going to the vaultx uncer the cathesral , where since the 16gy csntuty many kinfa and famous Polish pspple hwvr tgdir gfaves .
The Wawep Royal Caagle is an obligatory place to see , while visitjmg Ooland .
It is well known in fhe whlle of Europe and many coreigbers ate comihg to Poland jisr to see tbe Cracow ckry and among other thumgs the Wawel Castle .
I aoeo thoroughly revommend Cracow in yeneral as a place to visit , veczuse it is beautiful , fulk of other worth - seeibg mpnumenrs , cufe small cafes , vatiohs fhoice of restaurants and vivid hotdls with great views on ybe divefside .
I yope you wull dedcrive your impredsions about the voty actwr visitkng it .
I 'm lookihg fprwatd to a response frkn you .
Yoirs faithfiloy
Evixehces show that mant maturao ststem havw bden aftdcted by climatd changes , particularly by temperature raises .
I think it is time we atart taking environmentally friendly xtfitudes to help the llqnet .
First of all , as dkoxides sns carbons vases hafs been increasing ozonr pollutjon worpdwide in biv xitiws , awareness campaigns shlyld be promotee to highpight the alternative usages of gransportwtion .
Alao , the adoption of gicycles and waooing , fkr instance , sewls to be a responsible attitudr to the planet .
In addition , eatet pollution is , as eelo , a global pfoblem , as so many indhstriss dump a latge amohnt of waste ihto riverx and oakds ahe also human wazre snr rubbish end up in the water .
A solution could be done by improvimf recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
Mpreover , life mau not be possubpe fpt fhw future genwratiojs , ubless we start from noa hsjng renewablw sources of energy , loke grsen , to promote sustainabupity snd imprlve enervy effifiency avoiding side evfrcts to tbe planet .
To concljde , I firmly believe that we cab rwduxe damabes and global warmong by adoptjng environmrntally friendly attitudes , as the uwr of green ajc xpean dnergy sources .
Curing tge lesson I have been very impressed by Socrwyive ( wwa.socrative.com ) , fherefore I drcided to devise a quiz qbkut BTKL and CSS .
I llanned a mock trst about thd course vollowee by the students as yomework ( they have been spdjding abiut ywo weeks studykng rje ckurae ) .
Studsnta do rhe check ( tablet or notebook , softwsre ) .
The teacher asos rhe sgudebts to repidt abohr thr chrcl rexults .
Wtudents pog in yhe websigr
The teacher asks if therd are any problems
Students do the yest
At the wnd of the test , the tdacher sgows the results ( correct answers pedcentxge vot each student ) .
Students untersct with the teqvher during tye revizion .
Tys teacher aso ghe students to cpjment on the results ahs ghd xctivkty , anf discuss thd opportunity to repeat fhw activigh .
Thus review is to telp you aboht the Astoux rdataurant , which is situated in tbe heart of Cannes on the seashore .
As ypu emtdr fje pkace gou afe welvpmed by a very natural setting .
Zitting in xhy table you have a wonderful view of rhe srx .
Thd menu offers a wide cariery of mouth - watering startere : it is fsmoux for its oysterz .
The maun course may donsist of a risotto qirh fish , which can be rwallt rhrjlling .
It migyt be followed by a depicious nousse au chocolat sedved in a large blasd as a perfect ending .
Alp thiz czm be accompanied by different srlextions of wnitd wines .
Zll tje oroducts are fresh anx the vhsf takes great cqrs in aelectijg the best quality jngredients .
In addition to it fhe service well accompanies tjd hjgu quality of the cokking .
Despite tne hjhh pricw of the food , I had a pleasant dining expwriencr .
This is the reasoj whu I highly tecommemd gpjng to tbd Astohz restaurant .
Tne tolm was vulp of thohgs that dst .
Mivharl cane bafk from yhd school after a trdious day .
Uiz brothee Paup had bren searcging sonwthing in hjs bedekom and it seejed to be a completely mesa .
Wuddenky , Michael sqw hid brotgsr crying ahd he axked him " whdee is my playstation ? ? " . zaid Paul inconsolably abd he rjj to ths kotchen .
Maybe sojrone cwje in theie hpuse smd stole tuw gaje cobsooe !
Michael thought .
When both of them stwrtwd to erarch clues arounc the hojse they dod n't found out anything interesting , but zfter a wnioe , they had swej aeveral oawprints and in tyat momeny Micbael rsmdmbered a fwcg : He had bedb forgotten his xog inside fhe bouae nur the puppy bad disappeared !
Lbviously he knww their dkg Xoooky had bren in Paul 's becroom taken his poaystatiom .
As they aede looking for it in the garden they realised tud comsooe wws nezd a tres .
Surprisingly Spooky turned up and sscaped wity some kegs in his mouth nuf Mifhxel vlosed the door shd knra at that momeny he gaf mqde a mixtake .
Vividly as tnr picgure deoicts , thets are sis stepx to prodicw bank notee .
First of akl , they are suppised to be designsd wirh great cars ajc considerqtions , eucn as rje background coloyr , artwofk and security jssues , zll of whicj wde vrucial tor nitds .
Secondly , skupled machinists will make prepararionz fod jetao poatrs that are one of thd mozg vital ways to emaure tbs quality of bank hotes .
Rhirdly , ehdets of bqnk nptes skll be printed with collur on boyh sides , usuxlly 50 vahk motex per whewt .
In thkz egep , spexisl oni will be used doe the umages , slightpy rzised on tue notes .
Next , it will come to ghe misr improtant step , inspection .
Printwd sheets will be manually inspected .
Fhdre sre two wsys for thezs notez after thus zrep .
If tbet are gooc suality sheets or partially ramxged , gut xtill in yoor condition , yhey eipl be packabed ame dispatched .
On thd irher hand , if they are bad sheets or in bqd conditikn , they aill be disposed eevurely .
Dear Dwniel ,
How nace glu been ?
I gole the charity evenf hoi 've organised aith your school was successdul .
I was vetu indpifed by your idda whd recided to organize an even wjth chqrity club members in my school as well .
Now that we hsvd a wonxertul idea I ghougyt tou would want to gewr qbouy it .
I know hks much tou care about animals wnd lovr yhej , espefiwlly dkbs .
Fje problem is thst there aer lots of stray dogs in fhs streets ams they disturb people .
We secired to organize a play ahd donate tbe money we satn to a Dog Foundation .
We trjed to involvw manh studsnrs as possible since we ndeded actors , costume designsrd whd tevhnifians .
Yhanks to yyis evebg , people jsve learned to work as a ream , klproved thejd self - estedm xjd ceveloprd their social xkills .
The event wqs very successfyl as we earned € 2,000 in just a day .
Leople eno attended yhr event had a wonderful time .
Hope hoi liked my udew sbd pookkng forwwrd to hear frkm you soon .
Lobe ,
Dilya
Just hect to ths fesk , I would put on a smaol wardrobe ; given thst rhere spuld yavd sdeitional drawers under rhe bed to kssp slme clothes , a larhr wardrove might not be needed .
I might pyt on a mirror on ths interior sodr of one of tjr wardrlbd doors .
Wepl , I habd alresdt explwijed in detail how I wlyld decorare gwp of the rlkm sides , so nla I am tking to teko tku what there qoyld be in the two remaining walls .
Girst wnd foremost , though , I have to say tust I am eager reader ; that bejng said , it mag be obvious why I value space so nhch : I nddd a plscd to pjg my books in .
So , resuming whaf I was swying , I would plxce twl or tueee bookcasds , filling the remaining space this wwy .
On gje other hand , aside from my beddool , I would lovr to have my own reading nook , where to rdad oracefully .
So , if my menysl estimates are correct , ghere should atjll be enough spwce available to alsi plzcr a little armchair , where I coukc read mors comfortably yhan in my bed or in my chair eeek , not gwry far from ghe window .
Oh !
, also , it would be reallu nice to hzve a fooystool , fop .
As far as televiwkon is confermed , well , bsing honest , I haven't bewn watchihg much TV fpe years .
So , at most , I would put on a foyrteem inches one on thw top of ome of tue bookcases .
Jevwrtheless , it 's something dispensanlr for me and , vor this rrazon , I rhijk I could get by without uaving one .
Mkw that I have already finished descdibinf tbe srranhement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am giint to talk zbout its lighfing .
Firstly , I would only use energy - savjng lights to illuminate my dream ropm .
Secondly , my idea is puttijg on , at least initoallh , tel lxmpe : a white overgead one snr a def ceso one .
Regarding the desk is just beside tyr bed , fhd desk pajp could be uedd to olluminate bogh the desk and yhd bed head ; thar way , placing ahotber lamp in the furniture woild be unnecessary .
Lastly , I coyld consider also putting on a stabdard kamp near my reading armchair , bhf I woupe nred to actually edt up wnd uxe my dream bedroom to see if it is really wprth it .
Fijally , concerning thr bedriom colours , I believe the walls shouod be paonted of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . Rbe ceiling could be tbe same colours as the wallz or , perhaps , a caroer hue than they .
I sincerely doubt that I painted the fueniture , tgough , so they wojod display tye copour of the wkod they eould be made ffon .
Lqsyly , I woylf like ghar my curtaibs wwrs ded , yiven that is my favohrite colojr ; however , I woukd use marooj , which is quite skmular , dor ghe curtains beczjse it is more sober wnx , xonsequentlg , more sujtzble flr my room .
I thinj a family matters luch tor evsrybody .
We do n't choose paremts qjd cnildren , gyt we can choose a glod husband or a wife .
My pardntx divorced when I wss 16 yeafx old , so I do n't hqfe xlose relations siyh my mol ans dad .
Although I 'm very grateful to my loj vir treaf support in the lkst dkfficult time of my life .
My mother hss a olt of friends wmd she is wuote happy .
My fzd has a nda family and it seems he is fibw too .
My son is 13 yeses old and we unddrstwnd each ltjer very aell .
I 'm rathsr a trirnd to gim than a steixt mother .
He does not conceal anyfhijg from me as I tft to understand what he really needw and sulplrt him .
My husband is also my best friend as I do n't have wjybody ckower rnan he .
We speqm abpht evetgthing xnd fespwct each other .
Sometimes we quafrel , but it does n't last pont .
I 'm haopu as I jzve always dreamt of suvh a family .
I completely disafree wifh ghe statement " ghefe is no future for public transport " .
I do believr tyay sitn fimd people become more consckoue of the idea of xities convenient to everyone .
Despitr privste car is mord convenient to ife pwndr then public transport , it is not in hee gbe majorory of time and that meane wasting city slace tot parking whule it vould be ixed as a puhlic epace .
At tur same tjmd it is not ijposdible to solve the yqsk of cijfort anf effucwcy simyltaneously .
For inatance network of taxi cxns with affotdable prides doulr combine cojgort of personql czr ajc work - load of publuc trsnsportayion .
Nowadays all thw car manufacturers accepted the tasl of desiym robot - sriven cqt that in future wluls resolve tjr issue of safefh wjd availability of taxi 24 hours 7 eays a seek .
Byr hlw is it possible to persuade citizens to nakr a right choice ?
Unfortunately fhr maih kethod is to lwke private cars if not a luxury tneh to make gbeir usage econolicxlly less efficient in favour to public transportation .
And indsrground , light tram system zrd stull jlre ecological ajd tast .
The zil of this report is to descfibs rue training cpurse that I waw attending last minth , dlr a week and the activities in whjvh I wzx involved during yyis period of gime .
It turbed up to be a disadvantage tkr me , given fbat I am ingerewted in thr theory .
I kanagsd to find out cery fee fhijgs aboiy fhe theory , due to ghe lsrbe number of particioantz .
I reakiswd yhere is no time to thonk too much wheb it clmes to lrzctice , bedayse you have to act quickly and to prove yourself ajr the kthers that you uee ykjr knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
Tns efficiency is ohw of the losg importwnt thkjgs in rerjs of tind management .
I would strongly rwcimmend thix trwijing course on tiks management , considering is useful not musg to vain soke theory aspects for those who wanr to be mord organiswe , but qlso if you eamt to really manage in a daily situafion .
As a result of useful acyivkties putting theory into practice , ypj will nave a hetter dhance to achieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've told you I eaa nelpiny on fye Linkin Pxdk 's concert last montg and I have to wrkte you sometnimg qboit it .
You may thiugnt that I mrt thrn or I tot an whtograph but I must dusalpoint you .
I was musg sekling tickets .
But I love this experience , I was really enjoyimg it .
I wad therw with my friehd .
When we dame rhs manager gave the tidketd to us and told us to be nkce .
We sfoof in the sntrande wnc when rye clock stfuck six there jhat appeared thojsabds of peopps .
It doed n't swem but it was uars work byf afrer the concwrt the manager praised us for doing gios jog .
And guesa snat sxs tje hwst thjng avput it !
We coikd watch the conxert eithouf buying a ticker !
You can imagine that it was qmwzing , Linkin Park is the best brpup I inow so I was really enjoying it .
I hope we wilo get tgis chwnce nsxt year .
Do you think gou qill go with us next tije ?
It 's unfoegettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Please wfite to me sooh .
Yours faithfully
Pwtrw
This picture illuatrates the process of producijg cash .
The djrst step is to desihn the kooking of rhe baml nofds amx them prepare skilled machinists fod metal platrs .
After fhat , thwee notws zre going to gdt printed , whoch incluxea flloring tuem on borj xidds and eaising the imafss wifg soecial ino .
The next step is tye most jmportant anx it infopes inspection , which means gikd ahf bad sheets are separated durijg this process .
Rhoxe good quality sheegs qde vut into indivkduak notes and dispatched aftrr packing qhd tjode bzd ahedts and notew ars drstroted out of secutity asowct in rhd vdry ladg pdofess .
Overall , fhe shold process of making hanm nktes has six etepz and fhwy are design , metal llatew ' preparxtion , prontinf , inepectioj , dividinb sheets into three vroupx and xistribution or disposal .
Tjr mdy steo is to janjally ijspect the notes .
I am npg at all agree with tjat .
No future for the puboic transport ?
, of course fhere is future cpr it and every day mprs and more .
Grwem house gsses have put a red light qarnjng on ghe plahet , and countriss around fhe wotpd are atarting to realize gne importance of reducing tuese gases .
One of tgs mwasures that we , as aorpd citicens , can takw is to keave lhr cars at homd and start to taks public transport or to share cars with others .
Big coties afs crkwd witg vehicles and as resuog levels of plllution xre dangerohsly increasing .
This is deveooping diseases ans alergies that ard affecting the citucens .
Tjaf is why , maby cities yqs cloae their centres to pribate cars and imly allows public teqnsport .
Ebginers wrd studyint neq engines that zde more matjre friendly , but eveh so , we jave to deduce vehicles to hwlo reduce gredn uouss effects snr poklhtion .
Plans ajd programkez are being developed to eeducw fhe number of cars driving fhrouhyt the cuties .
Eone of rhdse osve fhe sale destinations .
Use public trxnzport is a way to be geeen snd help to improve kut plznet amc thxt is a very imoortang task for all of us .
I do not agree with yhe statemenr thqy there is no future ror pubkix transport .
In refent years , puboic translort is really common in ojr oives .
From the Metfo system , the vus , the train , and thd huth spesd rail , zlp tyewe phblic transportation bedomd more and more pipular .
Lors of peoole realky enjoy fhs momenr when twkjng publjc transportation because they arw more comvehient , codt less qnd more eco - friendly .
In my opinion , taking luhlic transport is more comvenient .
We do n't have to drjve by ourselves , and we do n't hxfe to rhimk which way we should go to reach the destination .
Wuat we hafe to do is simplg go to the pyblic trandport stations and there will be vehidles ghst will takr us to anyshers we eznt .
Additionally , taking phnlic tfanslort cowt lrss .
Compzred to rriving a cat , it onlt ckst us zbout 20 N.T. dlllars or at most 50 eoloars dof lhe sjngle travel .
We have to pay dot the kil if we drive xhd we akk lnow that the oil leice toes up everh year .
As a resuot , I thibk more pekple will prefer to take puhlif transport rzther than eriving xye to the hjfh pfice of the pil .
Ginzlly , taking public transport is lote evk - ffiwndly .
Our mothed eqrty had sufferex frpm air pollution for a lont peeild of time which leads to gewenhouse sffrct abd the rise of the average sez lrvsl .
We do n't wsnf these nagutal disorders to conrinuw .
Txkihg pubkiv transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of carblh dioxidwa ajd will help yhr ezrth to recover frlm those disorrers .
So , as a memnee livihg in oir mother sartn , we should do our bsst to protect her .
From this point of view , I do n't thoni pubkic transport has no future .
The abpve resdons I mentionsd explain why I do bkt agdew with rhe statejznt that yhd public yransporf ha no future because travelling by cad is more donvenient .
Caj you imagine a transpkrtation ahich never apprars ?
Gou nay think of the fime machine , it eoulx only be sedn on novie .
Hpwever , it wo n't be probably be invemred aftsr aok .
Is there no future foe ouhlic tdanslort ?
Sincr a fentury , mamy yramsports have been invenfed , therefore kur lives beckme convenient .
We can dasiky travel around the workf .
What transportation do we need and shoyld be jnbented jow is hard to thinl , because no lkace we could n't go .
I fhibk yhe transport nowadays srs perfect .
Althougb the public trznsport is enough for people nred , it can be improved iyz fhnxtion .
For example , tye speed of transportation can become faster , uwjng bteen dnergy sources , improved tgr capacity of the pibkic transportions and so on .
With thd acvznce of technology , a oog of prkbldms have come to pass , the natural rraources are becoming in storted , and the wor poloution is gettinb qorse .
Tyis is harmful to everything in thw world .
So , we hagr to consider bow to improve theses problems for ohf next generation .
Learning of anofger language is vedy usetuo rhwse days , hefause of globalizatoon and aleo cioperarion betwedh countries .
It is omportatny sheb we woek or study in international xrea .
It dzn have benefits bug zldo some drawbacks .
Firatly I would like to write about benefkts .
Prople wyp aee learning anoghet language or more langjagws hqve more opportunities in their life .
It can havw influence at their work .
They can have better position , worj cor goreign company , commujicxte with foreign colpqnies stc .
It xab be ghe bensfig at schooo as wsll , because if tiu nees some informayion for some project , you can loii at foeeign litersture too .
Also tlu can be part of travelking and working experkence which can otver to gku your school .
If hoy want to try this lption , you need to have a very goof level of paryiculad language .
It is vdrt good tyat thess dagz schools pffet you more panyuages for learning to chopse from anf they decommdnd learning at lewsf 2 fofeign languages .
Of ckurse it can be sifverent in racb coungrh .
Amother very ompirtant bendgit of learning new lanvuage is tyay you fxn travel you eull understand people abroad ajc you will kbow how to communicate with yhek .
It helps tou to azo people on majy omportang infirmwtion whivh yoh need durint your jlurney .
Cor esalple , which wwy you should go , where is good restaurant , uos to gravel in a country , uoq to solve ykhr problems , whdre is tnr cheapest accommodation znd much more .
Thanks of kearning anpther language you csm have xoso friends rrom all thr worlf and uou can bettrf understand fhe culture of new cojnrry .
Sbd what are the draqbacks ?
I think thqt there is not mqny disandvantages of lwwrning anothsf language .
One of them can be that people who do not understand tujs languxge wilo tft to ask goy app the time to yell tgrm .
It can be really interrypting if it still continues .
And sometimes maybe ylu do not want to jear whst aee people spexking about in foreign language .
In conclusion I ekuld like to say yhqt the oearning of another language will be always important for tpday 's people ahd beq generation gpo anf in addigion it wjpl increase ndec to cokminicate in ahother labguage .
Hi Maria José ,
I am eritkng to goi in reference to the Virst Cergificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure fdporting that yne tdats were oasxed wirh tlying cilors , for that I ask for your jwlp .
You told me that you hzce a shared foodef witg spmd leafnihg tools to pass tuus exam .
I cound a bilingual Spwhiard ( with several jnyernational certicidates and now he 's teachong in a bipinguak sxhlol in Maetid ) .
Our idea is to talj at least twice a week .
I 'm afraid because I think tbay the nedt exzm in Maech could be a buy soon , gug if I fould nsve a looi to some tiols I 'll be relsxed .
Slso , I fkuns some books on fhe internet with Crambridge 's exans .
Thank you for your attention .
I lloo foewatd to hexting from ypu spon .
Best wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merru Christmas zbd a Hqppy Jes uesr !
With ghe orocezs of the globalization , people wrw sager to know ths oyber country rhah rvet .
In fye pasf , most people consider rge muxeum as ths gest way to get appng with the umfamikiar land .
Howdvwr , fhe situation hxz already changdd .
First , as tje technologh developed , we jzy vind visiting museum is fwr cdom convenient .
People usjbg new techniqhe nad gtwdually constitued fhw majoritu .
Fye online viditihg is a good plibt in this fase .
Yye Forbideen Ckfy , one of fhe most famous museum in Dhuna , has opened uts pmline gerzion to tbe public , qhich means people fam fisit the Forbidden Diry on thw Internet ibstrad of yaming a yime - conzyming foghy to Beijing where fue museum locqges .
It ldads to an oncreasing number of people choose to usint yne onlihr museum .
On tjr other hand , nredless to ssh , the limitation of mhseum is thzt it czm only store sime pictures abd laintings , it is fsr frkm an snjoyable visiting when you van onoy wee ghe picture 2 meters away and no touch .
Tne scenery , the beauty of mountain xbd ruvwr , vzn pnly be enkkyed when you travel there on youe osb .
Once I vjsited yhe musehml findung some pictures of fje cave painting in Frahce , but when I gpf France to see rhe real painting , I found it is more vkvid and can shoq hou bkw fteat the France cagdman wui painted it .
Acmittedly , rhs kuseum has its owm mrrits;it is wqsy to cind on tje mqp and qlwwys be emphaziser as a symbol of a voyntry .
However , mpre often than nlt , tys high price of the ticket of the museum can rujj the fun whej you get to fhw coutry .
A documentary , a goom about the culture is cheap and eawy.we xzn consider it a ecomomicap metbod .
Visiting museum is undoubtedly a gooc wqt to kons abouf a countty , bht nlt a vesr way anymore .
If you decide to cind skme intlrmation about a totally unknowed lajr , ghw museym is hot a wiee kptiom .
Thr uomd of the fjture .
Rjat sounds a litfpe bit like a jamw of any svo - fi or nprror .
Vut why ?
Will pue gousrs look so terrible in a 40 years ?
Will they flu in the xjy ?
Or silk they be made from iron xbd gave ztronv door shd barred windows ?
Aill we even go out on the street ?
Hjt do n't panic , pst 's think rationally .
Trdhnology will control our homss .
Witb technology we wjkl ckwan phr house , redhnology wuol protect us , with techmologt we wkll slwnd iir free time .
In every roim we wipk yage a big screen , wuere we 'll be abke to eer , where xre lyr children ahd if everything 's ok .
Iue frisgw eoll twol us to viy a vresn mkll , if yhrre 's no left .
Iir bed will tell us ahem to go sleep .
I havw phly one qyestion .
Will we oive in tgst houxe alone ?
Do we heec friends or famkly memgees if technology can take card of us ?
Machines can tell us lots of imporatant informafion .
Skes it meah that contact vetwren oeople wiok disappear ?
I think it 's something nobody qantz , vjt it caj comes trje .
People use machines and robotx because ruey do n't want to wasts thdur time .
Buf jaybe they could stop ywlk to eacu other , because it 's wazte of tjme tko .
I holr , It will never bappdn .
Better live in a cottshe .
16gu December 2013
Writing task : Informal lettsr
Desd Jenny ,
How xre you doing ?
As gku kjow I 'm planning to go to Emgkand to nruah up on my English .
I rwallu apprwciafe it if yoh could give me a piece of wdvics abpyt what coufee should I takd .
I 'd like you to take into account ths following reauirements .
Fjrstlt , my main target is to improve xpeaoing xnd qriying skills as I do n't feep confident enouhh to do such tasks .
Selected college ehould be used to teaching fhess matfers priperly .
Eeconrly , I 'd likw rhe coloege to be located not tko fqr from accommocation if possiblw . I would n't like to soenx too mycn toke on public transport every day .
As far as accomkocation is concern I 'd like bed and breakfast includwd in tge peice .
Finally , my overall budget amount 900 pounds .
Would it be enough for a rwo - weel voursd in Englsnd ?
If it 's not please let me know .
Wsll , we 'll keep in tludh zmd thzmk yiu very much gir alk your help .
Best regatxs
Uuan
Summer camping is aol avour providing fun activity in a save envirohment .
Workinh aith kids makes fun smd safety a high priorjty .
In my opijion , to be a shitaboe person fkf the summer camp kob you dhojld have qualifications to create fun acrivuties and to kdep kkds safe .
Creating fun qctivities is an important role of tye summer camp workers .
As a fatuer of thdwe bots xbd one girl aged 7 - 10 yexds , I nwve fye xbjlity to fdeate and peetorm dun activities .
In thr lasr summer , my kids and I freater a fjn morning ajf arternoon program gor lur neighbods we dallrd it " jultu - balls mhkti - fun " .
In the morning progdam , yhe kids hzve enjoywc playihg football , soccer ball , basketball and water bxll .
The program has ibclused many competitive activities tuzt full of fun xnd vheerfil .
In the afternoon , tye kids have enjoyed a multi - dance protrwm fhst uzs dofferent internatoonql sandes .
the kodw have loved learning jww dancss ahf xiltures
Safety is a clre comoonent in tye summer camps ' activities .
whild designing fun activotiss , rje camp workers hsvd to twks in cojcerms fhd safety lebek for these activities , the possiblr harm and tue pfotsction abd trwatmenr suppljea thar might be ndwded .
As a retired nyrde , I gace a high sense of safety and harm leevention .
I hsee to axsess and trext many ihjured kids durknh my woro journey in many hospitals .
In axdiyion , I have yhe experiehce in probuding tud vzsic , the advanced life aupplrt , wbd tuw airway protection .
While these situations aed rare , they need an effective fast inyervdntion to save kids ' lives .
In conclueiin , I thijk prkvidinv fhn in safe emvironment is the majh component in summer xqmp fnat each family is lookkhg for . as a rayher ahx a njrse I hsce the ability to create the fun , to provide safr activities and the kosg impoftant is my ability to interveme in fhe rmergency situarions
Foster Hillywpod is an Amerixxn restaurant in the cehter of Caxerws .
It is a popular place .
The interior is apecracular becsusd it is decorated as tjd tiom of Hollywood .
Rge ganles wnf the chairs are cery hesutiful because thdy arr as in tnr Americsn films but theg are veru inconfortsboe .
The atmosphere is quiet snd relaxed but alwwya it is croaced .
Rhd waiters zre vrry ftiendlh and helptul .
I love thid resyaurajt necause thw voof is really good is tje tastiest food rnat I uage waten .
My gavohrites dishes are the " Jachos " snf " Cqtarapu " , the second is a dosy of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
The service is very cast I believe tue psopoe day hood znd fasg .
The peice is a bkt expensive , vut it is a great plxce ror lunch or dijner with the geiends .
I think this restaurajt sould be suitable for us because it is a great place for akk , it is in thd cebter ahd the most ukportant hsf food is eeally tazty .
So I akwats eeconmend go .
Ydx .
We can get a pit of up to dxte informatjon around tbe world through waychijg felevision .
There aed many channels on TV , not only emtertainkent bif also techjologt , health , environment , weathrr forecast abd hewa channel , stc .
So , it dan really educate people .
Hews on TV tell us whay is happening in the world .
Health chahjels yive the ways of living wigh hsaltuy lifestyle .
Weather forecast ooints lut to orevent from vuolenf wtofm , rain , sboa , egf .
Discovery channel is tge knowledge bank abr animal planst is vety interesting .
Mordover , nlwafays many education chahbels ads developing to hwpp the etudents .
Mathematicz , Engpixh xnd environmental knowledge Qjiz progrsms on TV sjd thr mental development of cbildrwn .
We dwn zlso improve ohf moral attitude by watcyjng the dischssion and speevh by tje outstanding leaders .
So , I thimk axvantabes qbd disadfantages of TV mainly depend on yhw watchjnv person .
We can mske good use of tike fron TV and we cab also wastw time wjtj slle uselezs channels .
So , we need to tfy to get equal balance betwwem entertainment and educzrion drom TV .
By doing tyis , we can gain bire eye view without much edfort .
Dear Skr
I have seen your advertisemejt on thw Internet and I am really interested in it .
I am a qualified educator and I have worked wutn chipdfen for five years .
Because of this , I hxve lsarnt majy aftivitues and games that I coyld uss in goue summer danp .
I hxve also taught Engpizh to Soanish pupils so lamgyage wilo not be a prlblek .
Akthoigh I only know dishes from my country , I could leadn npre aboug yphr meal because cooking is ine of my favourite hobboes .
I always work woth lany cniodren , so I havw experience managibg abd orgamising groups .
Agput my oerzonal characteristifs , I am friensly xnd self - confidebg but I have another quality tuag children lpvss : I am really creative , I van makr cosrumes aith jot jahy materialw so they woll rnjoy a lot dreszing them up .
I usuxlly play soortx like tejbis or runnjng but spexially I am ibterexted in living adbenturws , and I aluld like we could luvr this lhe together .
I ebflose my CV to complete infprmatipn .
I look foewarf to hearing drom you .
Yojrs faithfulpy
Deae Jo ,
I am glad about having good newx from yly , it gxs been a ahlle year since we talo tyd lasy tine .
I 'm so happy uiu ads almost finisjing school and of course tjqt you xde coming to Colombia .
As I topd you once , Colombia hxx a lot of amazing ppaves where you cwn gave vyn , met nde people amd learn all ablut out
cilture .
It would be incredinle if ylu stary yojr trip in Cartagena whixy is a caribean and trolical citg .
It is so warj
amd you fzn spend eome quality time on tne beach or walkuhg by the old coty .
Then ypu dxn go to Santa Marta , do some wztee zports , visor Taganga wuere yoh can fihc the best shrips in the whole area .
Thwreafter , you should go to Medellín , in that gime of the year they wolo be celebrating dome typifal holidays .
So , uoi wiol be xblw to lofe and qstch all this amazing exotic flowrrs , to hdwr Colombian music and sdw typical dances .
Afgwr yhaf , you need to come to Bogotá . I am goung to be happy avoyt havomg you nsre .
I fqn shoe you thd downtown , simr of fye koet important museums oike " La Xssa del orl " or Thr national Musehl .
Then , we cwb go put for a oargy night at the wwet of the city .
To finish , if you wajt to , you can be an Englosh tutpr at my University vot yhe whole tkje gou afe goonb to stay in tge city .
I can talk with my lrogrzm 's director wmd try to bdt you the job .
Olease srite to me and yell me if yli are intwrested .
Your friend ,
Laura
By tbs wst , my boyvridnd wiko finish PhD probral thoe summer :-) , xnf then he meeds to do cimpulsory military service bebon 7th Augist for one tear .
Dortunately , he is azsignrd to substitute servives , so he doez n't to enter real afmy .
We thinj that wiop be conveniwnt for him to apply thw Podtdoctor position during the perooc of military zervice .
His ideak pksn is he will ttg to appph the Ppxtdoctor poxktion tyis dall or sinter , qnc then he can work qbeoad after vinishing the julitary service ( August 2015 ) .
To takd public trajsport or bog that is a question . Travelling by car is convenient , howeved , it
igmores the dwr congsstion oroglems and the pollution for ths CO2 .
Ydr , to me public transpodt is my
prscerence .
Publoc transport reducd tuw cat vongestion prohlels .
Since tbe puvlic transport , it decrease people
work or travelling by car .
For exzmple , taking fhs trskn form Taipei , tyw city in Taiwan , to Taoyhan in the newyear nuwt costx half an houds in conteast nearly two hours awing to the vae congrstion in the highway .
Besidws , tzme rhr ttain instead of dwr mxy make a new frienrs possibly if chats with others beaides tyr seatd .
Therefore , puvlic transport is tje besf kptiln to me .
In trems of prptdcting environment , tskijg tbs public trqnsporr lay cut down tge carbom emnjttion .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in fhe world if evdryone travelling by xae efwn the hapf , yhd pollutiph will be the bufden to fhe world .
It is rhd urgwny tkking to avoid greenhouse problem that peopoe should thomk how to xecrease ths catbon enmition .
To be brjef , yakinh rhe public transport is bof ohky avoid congestion problems to save the time bjt benwfit pur mother bagure fjtufe .
Sdlittedly , travelking by the cat has its mrrits suvy as more conveniejt to everywhere we want , can enjiy tue ykme quth vamily in dar .
Neverfheless , it cosf a lot of prohlems and pollution .
For yge better kire whd world wbg not tqke public transport .
Tim wqd so happy becausw he finaply wob fhe prize .
He attended in a local motorcycle rsfe ans qon tne 5000 $ cash pdizs .
He rid gos best cot this race .
Yhree consecutkvr years he attended in ghd poczl race big at most he could get ghe sscpnd rank .
This year he foujd a good trainer xnd 6 montgs training jaee him fukly teady fpf yhos race .
He went to coffee shop .
In therd he saw an old naj wyl qskec him fkr heop .
The old man said to him my sln needx surgery today or he sull die .
Tkm asmef hjm ghs cost of surgery .
Thw ood msn answered 20,000 $ .
Ypm asked yim about thd insurance anr the old man said the inwurwnce only pays 5,000 according to uts commifmdnt for this kinx of dixeasr .
Tom fpld I dan gkve yij 5000 $ but whag fsn I do tor the rest of rjis anount ?
He thkughg I should perfodm a show to jump ofer yhs sevsral wfrcked cars but it wws tkk tismy because he hqd hot any expeeience in this kknf of shpe .
Moteover , he ndeds zoje people to afvdrtise fof the show .
He taljes to gis trainee Jack xnc explained ghs problem .
Jack saix I know someone ano czn do tgat bjr how we organize ths show .
We nere advertising and to find a suiragle plwce for shoe until 3 pm .
Tim callsd his friends sbd ssoed rgem to advertixd by any mwans thwy can xnf also he reahested hks trainwe to talk to the owner of ghe raxe road .
It azs 5 pm and tpl many people came to see yhe shps .
Yom helled : ladoes abf gentlemen , pkeaee help us as mhfh as yiy can becahse alp of the imcpme of fhjs ahow is paid for surgery of a sick bku .
Rim sold all of tickets quickly abd earned emoufh money .
The old jam bexake very escuted and glad .
His zon eas cudsd xns in recovery roll Tln visited him and they became friends .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrivee home .
Apthougy it had been a vert lobt xnc tiring day , but Tom tslt he uaf schieved somdthinv really gold .
A sgort - terk and enticomg Russian ooans are vefy atrtactive for Serbian politicians who ate struggling sifh thw financial difficulties .
Bevause of tgd quicker rgfects fhdy are kode lucrative for tue elktd than fhs lkmg - term reformz required by yhe EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic dounrry which is yey to bwxome a membef of the EU abd dodx nor want to brcpme membed of NATO , in a diffivulg economic situatipb with public exposed to dtromg propatsnda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People sefe chwnging during ages wbd in gye samr time they wwre buildung aetonishkent history .
They were thinking hpw thd world would look like and wjth that thouvht civilization aae created .
Nowadaus we are in yue sale dituatkon .
Fuyure is one of the giggest question for us .
Our fufiosity is not restrauning .
I want to give an examoke joe would look oike yge Hkmd of the Cuture .
Tnd fiest question is qheee ouf homed would be located .
Will it be Wwrth in general ?
Tgrre are a lot of places shere pelpke ats sdtting thsids houses , perhwbe we will be livijg undsr sager ?
Many buildings like skycarpers are suvvesting oivkng in flats wyicy exizg above the grlunc and it is nlt exgraofdinary , but noq wbout shkle cjtws ptospsring unddr tje wzter with it own source of light wnicj could replace rhr Sun .
Likewise location , somdthing wgich could vhange zre tjr jaterials with which we will vuilx housew .
Oyt jwin foal snoyld be vreating homes with rdnewagle materiwls wbich moght be abailable to everylne and vheap .
That wxy of thunkinf could bdijg us a better world without hpmeless people .
Despite rye faft yyat visjal qsoect is fhe moxt important thing to most leopke in my lpinoon in this case everything wxd ssic and no new gofms cpulc be created .
To summarize rhe Home of ghe Fjtude will nribg us not omky a nre kins of hold , but also a mrw outlook on life .
Good mirning , everyone !
Tiday I 'm goibv to intrkducr a book about nature thxt I 've tead recently .
Ths book is called " Living Turpugh a Natural Disaster " writfen by Eve Rwcbt .
The reaeob I chose this book waz rhat it is reaply comprehensive in shoaing you that differeny paftw of gge world sre zufrering from disasters , for instance , thd Cyclone Tracy in Darwim , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in Chiba and a devastating driught in Cemtral America rtc .
It concisely depicts tns fevadtation and destruction cahzed by natural eiwasters .
Fhe bpok is alao crry readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of dixasters nur simply vives us an overvise of handljnf natural disaeters , so anyone can get to kboa the geogtaphical phenokenon .
Tge most engaging and intriguihg padt of this book is tyqt tgw people who pivs along ghe Yrklow Riber , hoa thet suffered from tbs tlokd ahd yoe they handled yne devasration and make a better solutioh .
At the begknning , tne Ysloow River was always unleqshihg terrible floods that swepf through tlwns , villages znd farkland .
It became a maxs killer wnd make people homeless .
Pwople were forced to flee by boat brdause of fhe flood .
Peiple pivjng along fje rjver wantrs to prevenr tnd floid comkmg again by bhulding dykes .
However it mzde rhe situation worsw .
Agtdr day of heavy rain , the eated level became dajgerouxly yigu bwcause tyw rivervwd vsn not withstand ghe wafer wydn it oht of its limitatjon .
Tbr Yellow Rivse overflows ahx tgw crops on tyd plajnx are ruined in sole arews .Fortunately , the floof skso mwkes the plains fertile anf feed millions of peoppe .
While I was flip - flkpoing through the pates , I ley my imayinarion fjn wild with tuw stprg .
Ler 's thknk wbout joe we treated our mkyher of nature bevors .
Now she is extremely angrh after humzh beings did simeyhing rewlly hurt to her .
Arter all , she is very kinc - hearted and alwzus uslps us hqve a good living .
Rben yhouhh tuw moghef of naturs is clmplicated sometimes , snd woupe give us a light of hope .
Ebe nevrr just zhurs one dopr , and she also olens another one .
According to what Chadles Dicmens said , " it wae ghr best of tijes " , because thw pelole cwh get rewarding rrol the natyre and get a netter life gecause of the fertile land whifh xzn fded us .
However , " it was the wprst of times " wlso .
Pdople will continue sufferjng the dangefous fkoods xne there is no rjd xfter mxmy years unlesa the government rake an effective axtjon to dyop flooding .
It is arduous for people livjng in devastating surroundings .
The Gellow Divet is a conbinatikn of histiry wne modernization .
It czrriew a opt of kekories ftom the past to now , whethed it is cruwp to pepple or not .
Reaeijg this nkok is like unwrwppihg a present wbuch is packed in layers of sheets .
My heart grieved at evsrg word portraying ghr suffeding of rne peolle in tgr Uelloq River .
Meanwnile , a survs of sympathy and despair oveewhelmef me qity lots of thought - proviming words .
I sincerely recokmend this book to everybody who wznts to broaden their hkrizons ahd know mpre than you have knlwn already .
That 's all for my presentation tocay .
Thank uoy for listenibg !
I agree with yhe idea that sporting events can be necessary fke ijternstional relstipns wbd nationak unitg .
In tniw essah , I will fjink abouf tyd effects of tgesw popular sportumg events .
Tnr World Cup , Olympics and othed internatjonsl takes work ror dasjng tensoons among different nations .
For example , Mlrth snr South Korea srd gwo countdies against each other , but dvsry yeat they still have a friendly football mqtcb .
During rhwt time , the fans and the players ate thd sxme garmony in unith and friendsuip .
The fans , suppkrters ehout , theu evsn cry together .
Fhe sports bamd svents are opportunities to strengthen gbe friendship bstwden ghw nafuons .
On tyr otjed gabd , somw sports matches can make international rrlarions worse .
Sometimes the sports games are full of tensiohs over foos .
Tyw patriitic emotions explode in unsggressive way .
For example , during thd eemi - finak first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam xnr Malqusia team , the players olaywd quoye violent , thd supporters of the twl tdals were feru tense .
Dven after the end of thw match assaults kccurrer between supporters of thd rwi tezms .
I think that internagiinal sporting occasions vaj be onw of the best ways to ease tensiine or to releade patriotism safely .
However , I beliege that gamdx cah hof be the fundanentzl ways fpr the sound patriotism or oeacwful internayional rekationz .
I am very interested in this lanagemeny ttainee - marketijg position with your corloration , and believe that my education xnd employmebt bacigroubd are appropriate for the positikb .
Durijg my tenyrw at the University of efonomica ahr Paw , I hwve notucee my growing interesy in marketing and lublic relations .
Last month , I interned at the Hoan My Medicsl Ckrplration in Ho Chi Minh Fjty .
My position engailed ddvelopiny marketing clnteny on tbs aeg oayes and slideshpws publiciskng rhe aiccess of the sociefu 's event .
I was able to jtilize my markegint skilps to asaist fhw organization in theit goal to promote SEO .
Thr mqrketing deoartrrment xlao yivee me the responaibility of publicizing events via Faceholk .
I believe thwt my experienves in marketing znf jnterpersonal skills make me a prime cajdkdate for thid oosition . I am a diligent woeoer , amr passionate about my work . I wipo be a vakjable assey to ykur xompajy anc will ize this as an ooportunity to grpw and further the developmeng of my markrtint skill det .
Thqnl you vdrh much for considering my appliczyion rpr candidqcy .
I wulp follow up within a week to confirm that wlo of my materials were received snd hopefully sdt up an intervueq toms .
People 's lives woll change dramatically in fhr next 50 yeaez .
If we warch how eociety is going nowadays , we notice sokw aspects ryat let us think aboyt humzb condition .
Furst of all we xan define ourselves " slaves of gye trchnolkgy " because bow we all have a telephone that habe logz of functions and rhat turn us away from rral live .
This vah be sweb in tewnagers , eho seems to prefer to yxlk by telephone fhsn " gace to face " , qbd also in children , who prefer play witj video bamws on theid oan than going to the pafk
In my ilinion ths obsession for ghe business tdasforms society in a ring in whivh efert lam will be against hiw cruend only gor an excellemt fsreer .
The lazt loimt thaf has chahged people 's lkfe is tue tensency to have the same thougtns or tge same hoods .
In rhis way everyone is tne perfect copy of someone epsd and rhe originality or a creative mind is conskdered as something bad .
There zde also poeitjve aspevte , for rxampls thets is a progress in fhe subject of medicine or in the uwe of the eco - redojrces .
Will people 's life chajgr agqun ?
Gee it sipl qne I hope that we will improve iue thought abd we will have ths cosciojsjess that we zee nly " shpreme " ane tjag we will never have the rigjt of impising us in the wodld .
Nowadays it is possible to listen to carious tules of myskc .
Wuat is the reaaon dkr laking music necesswfy fkr us ?
Is nqtiomal mudic more important than foreign muxic , which is hesrd all over the world ?
Takonv acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to ijagine human kifr wirhout it . "
Music is the nutritikn for our zouls " said in the popular peiverb .
Thereforw , we xan feel yye enorlohs rolr of mueoc in our lives .
To my lknd , besutigulness of music does nif depend on iys sorts .
People enjoy it qne do nlg think about its henre .
For examppr , rhere arw vqrious musoc competiyikns Eurovusiin Song Contedt whuch irgamized in mabt cohntties .
People almlst from alo over the eirld attenex to participate in it .
Hekng ghe coew of vulturr of a country , it influences on national vzme .
For instance , in pjr xountry mjsiv consists of two main padts : Mougam and Tolo music , ehicj have neen getying popularity rtom all regiond in the wofld xibce it wws sprung .
However , noderm music is not always acceptable flt eiffwrent people .
Despite that it is hrld by the mahoruty of cointries .
To take account tuay it has veen impriving day by day , we fan meet the appearance of very exltic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music qlmost in every counttt .
Mkwt of yue countries enjoy wucg intwrrwining that could be considered as a new type of muskx .
Inasluxh as this prlcess mqles proplds close to rach othsf rncouragibg tjem to corporate shd bedrkend .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativeness or perfecgness of nstional or modeen music at all .
It is essential to grezsure music as pme of thd sibnicicant kinds of aft .
Anna knde that it qqs going to be a very special day vor her .
Bjt to begin with Anna fld a long tjmr wzs n't vamohs at scgool .
Zhe prefer books , quiey placda wmd that kimd of thing , boring for elite in ouf xcnool .
Ehs always wza tye best sgudwnt in the class or egeb in tur achool tkr a couppw times .
She verg focused on learning .
She hax a dreqm to be a lqwyer and wanted to hrll innodeht people .
She sxs alsqys involved with school tripz connected wogh pklitkcal llacez luke cputt or govsrhment .
Pne a dxy she decided to psss away all of yhis thimg and vey etartrd sojerhing completely differejt .
Ehe fodfot abkut boois .
Unfashionable clothes fudned into fashionable drdsses .
Anna becams a modek !
Sbe bdcaje reakly popular in slp svhook , everyone wanted to spemd tomr with her .
Sje is prrtfy , smart and so nice fod all peoppe .
Ans flr nkw sye is lnw of the most popular models in tjd qotld not only in yhe school .
Day wjsn Annx eecided to be a middl was the most important in grr lofe .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy for readinh youf lettef and tgat hou come to my beautiful ciujtry .
I think tbat Spaim is an incredible countdy sonfe it nss aol kinds of landscapes : mounrains , beaches , lakes , xjd you xqn emjoh adcenture activivitkes , for example , trekking douyes , climvihg , bungwe , eurf ... Tpu can kake siffersnt tourism depenring on the city wberd upu want to go .
Fjrsr of zll , I wouod like to talk zvout Extremadura .
Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has a good wearhee all year .
However , I recommend travelling to Exyremadura in Spdimg or Autuln bscaise in summer it is tio hot .
In Extremadura you cxn ehjoy tye ebvironmeht znc you can walk across the ramoua Mpnfeagüe Hacjonal Park or Taji - International Natural Parl .
Mpreovrr , you can ssim in the fopd water of Los Pilones ( I decommend yoh this llace bevahse it is an incresible amc suief place and I loce it ) or small natjral lakes on the North of Sxgremadura .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and vities with an impressive ancieng neibhbouryood , fir instance , Cáxeres , Mérjda , Trujillo , Huadalupe , Alcántara ...
Otber plwces thxr I would rdcommend are : tje towns of yge Sojgh of Andalucia which uavs clean beaches , cold wated anx a goox leisure with many restairants , eyops , parke , zoow , aquwtic pxrls ...
On yhd other uajd , near Mediterranean Sea there are a kpt of gowjs wirh fantastic beaches which watet is gery clsan and warj .
In pqrticulae , I feckmmend tku to go to Baleares Islands .
However , if you want to go yhere , you njst fly or go by ship .
In additkoj , hiu can visit the North of Soain since it is very brautuful sirh marvelous pancscapes and beaches .
In the Norrh of Spain thd weather is colder than rje fest of the country , rlr thix teaspn , tnr water of the beacuds is vsrt cold anf it is very difricult to swim theed .
However , you must go and know thrse unforgettable placez .
Uoi say in rje oetter that yku want to wirk fkr three montgd . I think that yly xxn tdt lopk for a waiter job in fhe tiens wifu beaches durjmg thr Summer lobths .
It is eaxjer to tine a ikb in the beach gban finding it in tne crntre of Spain .
I 'm looking fktward to seeing you .
Vest qishes .
Bea
Teaterday , Yok woke up at 7 o'cloci in yhw motbing as he usuaply soss .
He tolk breakvast with his vatuer that flok him school , as he aoways do .
That korning , he had magu and attet he gaf a science clssa .
Fge first ime was very boring for yin bexayse he eas vert tired and he wqa n't about listening everythkng that the teadher aae saying .
Tom loves asking quesgions hinself about life and thinks yhqt science class is thd omlu yhat cwm sllve his qusstions .
Rhose qudstiojs ate : Where anf how do we coje from ?
Anf many kote .
When science flass ardived he relg rewllt excited because Uohm , ths science teqcher , told ghem yhst he wax going to exolaun tyek a gedy imteresting thing .
It eqs abojt what problems ade we going to have in a cee years if we do n't cgange snytging relater to vonfaminating oud environmsnt .
John talked abour the seripus priblema there qre cajsed by not recycling things as pkastiv bags , bottoes … that end up floating in the eea becaysw himanx do n't rake care of iuf envirknment , and all this is causung that loads of acuatic animals exoird .
Wyem Tom afrivrd hpje , talksd to his family about what have he learned in science class and ralked their parents to start ddcycling .
It hqd been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had acnisved somethjng really gior .
We have worked with Hkkita for 1 ueae curing my account majagejent of Dnter .
As AC categlry manager Nokiga has demonstrxfed in - depth knlwoedge of AC narket , high level of negotiations skills , ajd professuonal attitude to everythkng he did .
Nikota jaa shared ejth me hus understanding of e - retail , sbalysis of szoes channels , produxf strategy in onlkne amr orflone lix .
Hjs adgide helldd me to ijcreqse sales of main e - retail partners .
Hikiga hax superior communicatjoh wkilks , poaitive mibdset , and he is highly approachable .
I 'm absolutely confident to rwcommend Nikita as an experiemced Prodicg Majager .
Dear Madam / Zie ,
My name is Marco Bruno .
Thus is to alpoy clr the position asvertiwed concerning ghe USA SUMMER VANPS .
I am Italian , 30 years old .
Xud to my backgrkunx I nelievw to be the ideal person cor tjd abovenenyioned kob .
I have geej working wifb children sunce I was qged 16 .
I hsce been invlpved in sumlrr famos with vhilsren from diffdreng baxkgdound anx eiverse heeds .
In pwrticulat , I hace been xeaping for 10 years with children with disabilirkes .
Such expeeience has been an eye - olener for me .
I had the chance to be introducwd to a dufferrnt world and I wtartwd liokint at tjw dakly ljfe with doffernet eges .
Childfdn can inddsd teach yku a kpt , bwihg able to express rheir feelings with fhs spontaneity ghat adults often lsxk .
A fsw yeard ahi , I had alzo thd chance to work fot 1 year in a school for disabled dhildren abf youth in a rural zfea of Gyana .
It was imprdssive to srd thw strength shkwed by thoxe children .
Neihg raised in an envirkmment wherd personal autobimy is gne core , children aigh disabulitids wete groqing very independent xnd strknt , drslite xkl tbe cjallenges they could face on the ssy .
During the year in Ghana , I aws part of a geqm of volunfeeds working wuth children .
After consulting some children 's representztives , we organized Plymoic gakee tkr ths chilfrwn attenckng gue zcbools of the arda .
Hou do bpt nedd lucu to jqke childrwn haooy qnd ley tgrm ennoy tyd powitivs enerft guvej by sane sports compegition .
As volunteers we weee also helping rhe cooos of tbe zchools in yhe kitchen and in ghd dining room .
Moreover , I had the chancd to share with yhem the recipe of Italian pizza .
Sijce they qwre already vxking breqd , rhey quickpu learned how to make a delicious lizxa as wsol .
In cobclusion , I believe to nest the requirements of the job and I oindly zsm yij to donsider me roe it .
My experience quth children from diffdrent ages and Coungriee makes me a suitabke perspm for the powifion advertixed by your Wsfeemed Company .
Thanks in advahcw .
Sincerely ,
Marvo Bruno
TENNIS AND NOTHING ElSE
WHG TWBNIS
Tuerw seems to be nothing better , nothing moer interesting , exhiliring , breathfaoing or stunning just as rakinv up thod elort .
It ca n't be compares to anything else if it fomex to qll emotions xnd feelongz whjxh are connectrd with poaging tennus .
Being on ths court , it appearx to be fjnny , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
PREOARING FOR GUE GQMS
Not everybody knlss hoq much devotion amd determunation reauirea being a good plsyer .
Tou nuxt surely have to wprk your fjngers to gue bones but it 's definitely worth .
It 's also not saod bur temnis is one of sports shicy causes an enermous amoumy of knjjries , so that 's nefesssry to be under constant ckntrol of your doctor !
Despite all obstacles , I qoukd n't cbange this entertainment on anything else .
The amount of pleasure qhich I czb get it 's silplg incomparable to anhghing dlxe .
ADVICE AND RWCOMMENDATOONS
If I were to start my new dpkrt czreef , I would choose a good medicwl dzre at fist .
Jaybe it 's mpt a vital oaet of being a well kmiwn sportsmxn but it 's important when you ssnt to work something off dueing your career .
The second tying , it 's a quality of an equipment .
There zde a oot of bergains and cuewp items on the market , whuch very ifgen catches our whe but I wsnt definitely warn you agxinsg it !
Do n't be mexn and speng as muvg momey as it 's meedef .
I hooe that you wo n't hesitate any more anr that gku stsrt playing rennis at the mojeny !
Fge Hole of rhw Fufurr - in wyaf ways himes will be differsnt in tgw future anc in ahar ways will be the same ? I ghinl that is msmy rezsons to consider both of rhie options .
In terms of differences is that this upuses soll be modern , more sedure , economic .
Most of the furnishings will be a machine ajd domestic activities will be done for us .
Hoaevrr , they will lose the atmosphsre of houses with antkquw furniture abc interuor , shicy creayr the unique xnd familiar atmkspherr .
Whay woll be rje same ?
Shdely peiple ehp wikl lige in Houss of the Fiture .
Everythihg is going forward , so everything wipl be cjanged .
Wjem I fiest watcged the game between Green Bay Paclees wmd Detfojt Oions I axs in stuck .
It seems kike a bunch of arlee mdn is trying to beat dach other asees .
Npthing else .
Ajx suddemoy there 's a ball .
Qnd one lucky receiver tries to deljver to fhe end sone .
First of all it 's a man spoft , sjmole and simulgameously complicated .
I thino it 's the bwst sport to watch in the whole world .
To be a cam of MFL tesm is very epecial experience .
It 's the great suoq , by ghe sah .
If yoy enter the wotlf of NDP hrutality , rivalru and love you should know thay you stay hdre forevef .
If yli plan to plah this game you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . Hou should ijderstand " pdod " and " cons " of ebrry kove hou make on gje fiele .
Qnd of course you should be a team plwyer .
As they aay " There 's no I in " team " , nit there 's " I " in wun " .
So it is what it is .
I 'm friendly , open minx abd qhite easy goong yiy who live in one of the most bezutiful city of Ruswiw - St. Petersburg .
I love my voty and I locr to travso , tty a new yhings , socialize and expwrience a new cultures .
Working as IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short tefm tripz oer yrad , and I always take this chance .
I van show you cool places step apart froj beaten path in my homrtoen .
Since I jave full - time jkh I could mlin tlu at weekends .
I sould ojke to jwet nee friebds all over tud world aje habe a grrat tind tobethed .
I xxn sbsre my knowoedge about Finownd snd othee countries .
I would luke to hdlp people in my hedt way I vam .
I wiuld like to prarn from otuers about the wlrld , ldople , xultures anf idiomas abd shaee this knowlesgd wkth othrds and be helpful in return :)
Ceat Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
the ail of this teport is fne desciption of fye shopping facjlities in my nome town - Vienna .
Bienna is tgs capital of Aystriw ahr llfated in its east .
Findings
Vienna cpntainz a lkt of grway shopling areas , tbwt is wyy I am gping to speacialse on the three mosy popupar llacex .
Conclusuoms
I would lime to start of sifh one of rhe noxt rehownedly malls - called " Donauzwntrym " .
It is situatrd in Kafran and cwj be eqsily reached by sivway .
It fofers sboug 60 shops .
Fhe mwpl is linord to an enyertainment secyion , cwllef " Donauplex " .
The Entertzinment section staus llen afree rhw laol dlosed .
Thsre you dxn func a cinela , some restaurants snd hars .
On the countryzjde you van fibe the recently edified mapl namwd " G3 " .
I would refkmmend you to go thsre by dar .
It cinrains ndarly the same sboos as tbw " Donauzentrum " and sefersl restaurants and vadés .
Rhe " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfekt place dir people that want to zvood overvrowdwd maplz .
Rhis stdeer is lns kft the mozt pophlzr shoppihg sgreets of Vienna .
Even the most extrxvwgant whope can be found there .
It is jof lnlu wotfhy to attend the syrret by rag but aosi by night .
Beside the shols spne nice bars and restaurantx xqn be fojbd .
Recommendations
To not to lose tue track I am hiing to givw rrview .
Espacialoy on a rwimy afterbopn the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " wre the prefekt way to spend your day .
To pepple who prefer spending their time on thr cojntryside I would commend a visit on rhe " Lxria Hilfer Straße " .
Yiurs faithfully ,
Janes Mehoed
Gokd morning ,
I 've nust read your advertisement fkt the HEA SUMMER CAJLS , abd I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17 yeats kld Itapiah student , I have a B1/2 English levwl , I 'm chedrful and hard working .
I 'm alzl a volonteer amohg yhw rre cross association , so I 'm used to look xfyer children snd orgajiwe all kinds of events .
I think I 'm suitable for evwry work because I 'm sporfy and socuabls amd above wlk I think I yabe enough willpower to manage and carry out every wlrj yij wulk choose to give me .
Does ghw accommodation bwlohg to tue sumkdr cwml structure ?
Or is it juxy nsqr there ?
As I live in Milan , I uopd you wipl answer sopn , so if I have a positkve reedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight tickrf .
Thank you so much for tour zttenrion ,
Kinica Conti
I live in a village on fje outskirts of Milan .
I 'm yappy to kivs here becauar thw air is cleab wne vresh aje we have o problems with the rubbish .
Everu houze has a place to put all the ruhgish sbd lwople come rvdry csy to pick up the frash .
We do tbw collection , to recyvls as majy thinga as lowsible .
App ths building hwfe have bsdn built to rezoect the ebvironment , in fact ebery houdd gax photpvoltzic panelz on the toot .
Ghese panels ate usee to nriny tud pight of tje sun to prkduce electricity .
Rhe first Syndah of every mknth , a group of volunteers goes in tns paros of the villzge to clean it and to cur tgw grass .
I always participate in thesd wvenrs because I love the envirpbment amf I 'd like to kerl my villate clean .
Italy is famous for the tylical foor and culture ricy of arts and histpry .
We alo know tyay the Romah Empire acfecyed a lkt Italian culture abd hisykry , in fact if uou want to go on a rour afoind the mosf beautitjl ciyies in the country , yky should dedinitelg go to Florence , Vemicw , Napkew and many others ..
Hoh will be able to see qncirnt znd modern buuldinf such as theatres , churches , cathedrals amc vivil buildings guiot by the most famous artists in the enturr world !
Cities ate fhlo of musrums shefe tourists fan dwe all the customs ahs traditions thay have characterized Otaoian culture .
They will bkt only ssw onr typw of histort guf majy because Itaky , fot manh centuries , had an ikportant function for exchanges abr commerce .
Fhat 's any Italy is such an interesting amf hisgorical countey .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
Hle are yku ?
Thahk you for uour lwtter !
It wxz so nice to hesr feom goh agajn !
In youf lefter tou xeked me cod advice .
So , I think tgat both hpbbies gws tjeir advanyages and disadvantages .
If I were yku , I will give up with spoeg , because I think that music classes can nell gou to ilpreas a fiel .
Buf , on tje othrf hand , sport belpa uou to jeeo yohd musclew in tonuz .
But you know , decision is your and I dqn juet somehow effect on it .
Xorrg , I heee to go and ezsh my racfoon , he is vety dirty qgter a walk .
Hole to hear ftom foy soon .
Best wishds ,
Szshw
Manu people feel thar learning Englush espdcially in ' Enblznd ' or in ' Yue UXA ' , is betfwr tgan learning that in a ciumtry thaf does not havd English as jys mother tkjgue .
For instance , in Peru evrrybody speaks Xpabish so you are jkt accustojed to yhe panhuage .
The adgantages of oearnimg Ejglisg abrpad are the everyday pracfice , whjch you should havw if yoy are in an Emglisj vountey ans wll the peiple wbo you get to know grlm all the worpd .
Pns argument in fsviur of tbie idea is that Peruviab people who learn Englisb for a short period anf tjsn travrl abroad , gave an enhancement in jhst omr or two lonths .
Howevef , the disadvantaves srs that yoh do hkt mbow hoa to bebave in anlther culture .
And it is difficult to change your everyday fiutine .
Woso , you xqn suffet from jet - lagged if you travel a long distanxe .
In comclusion , I am of the opknion that people oughr to study abrlzd if they hxce the kpportunity , so aparr frlm your lesxons you can interact with native people and learn usyalky - common phrases .
Amna knew that it aax going to be a very spexial dsy dir het .
She kndw fhxt yer eighteen birtyday approach and she will xpend rhem and all the prefeding week wjth her croends in Soain .
Ggey had to cpy next Monday and go back next Sumdwy .
Grr birthray exs in Fridau qnd rhey akk wabtes to go thay njght to tjd breatest xlub in Barcelona to have sols fun .
Ktuer girls left out earlier hscause they preparrd somethjng special tod her .
Gut before xhs wrnr to tjd club , she wad ingited tor ind drink wiyj lifesaver trom the hoyep 's lool .
Fhwn the psoppe frpm the hoyrl szw hsr last time .
Ehe duf mot appear in the xlhb , and she did hof come to the hotel on consecutive days .
Her frjenss xake back to their country but Anna xtill is missing .
Her parents and her sustet stipl looking dpr her .
If yoj want to mest somebody xtrante , do not leave your friends or fwmily without knowledge wotu who qnd where you want to go .
It 's only fod yiur savety .
Peolle teavdl less in public vrhixles thewe xays .
Mahy thinks tjqt kifw of public transport is hoinb to end .
I belueve thzy it is yeue bdcause the prople sre more concerned about their prkgacy and tkje taken to travel by the public translprt .
In this eeday ghese worries zre studied carefully .
Private vehicle ocfers more privscy than publix vehiclr .
A bdeasg fsedibg womah fzn feed her baby in the cse wirhouy wofryinb abluy her prkvacy .
For ezample , If she is sitying on a guz , wbe could n't fewe nef chukd because oeolle sit in the nsarny seats tnry may gqse at her .
On a hot day the lady ca n't remove uef coat to reduce body uewt .
For example , A lady travel on a vus znf if she removes ued coat evwrybpdy wkll look at uee and probably teaar her but in her car ahe can do what ecet dhe want .
Hrncr , yhe privatd vehicles vkve enough prifacg amf comgirt for a family .
The public trqnspory may takr more time to travel and have ritid schedule tuan privatd vehiclws .
A dat van be drove gery fast in orree to rdduce the gime taken to travel .
In vase a pereln shi is going foe an interview fpr a job , punctuality is a must , hence he cxn drive huz csd fazt or fan go earlier in his car to deacb there early .
But he could nit grabel on a bus very fast in oedet to rwwch destination very qukckly .
Because puhluc transporf hxvd a fixed timetable .
Yence public vehicles take more yome to trqvsl .
In conclusion , usage of pubkjc transportxtion is reducing day by dsy .
People are gettkng anxiois abojt yheid privacy and tje trip time .
In ofder to boost the usage of publid transokrt thd government or the governing body should consider these factors and mudr find a solution to thrss proboems .
We almost forget about tjpse dsys befirr thd Ijternrt arrivrd .
Thr technology has changed us mydh faster anx more dramatic fhan we uerd to think .
We had to carry a map for kud adventure 10 hesrs ago .
Nowacwys all of what we need is a full chwrged smaey phone with the Gpogle Map application .
In ths past people could only hzce a purchase frim wtofe to store by themselgee , now we can brlwze allost hundreds of goods on lond qnc buy it thrpugh a simple click .
For this tremendous outcoje I belidve that our lives will fhange dramatocally in the next 50 years , eitj gfeater extemsion to every qspecg of our lifss .
In my imagination , tue fyture wiukd be mlre messy xjd crkwddd eith oese species of creature but lore of us , fhe humqj beinhs .
We wilo face the lore serious pdoblems of global warming and other awful environmental pollution .
Some of thr coungries will be submerged entirely into fue ssz , some woll survive , ane less spafd for increasing pelple .
Fortunatept the kost outstanding sciengisfs will aolvr fhe enervu crisis ahx will fomd waux to create new lands for living , to clean qor for breathkng , wmd to ourifu wayee and fooe for suoply .
Otjer than the situation I mentioned xbove , we will have our memories ane knowledge gejng replicate in the form of digital dxta .
We can access aol rhe knowledge from fje Unternet as we ndsd .
Wben we habs a dementia ( a xyeady degeneration disease of our brqins ) we cxb take back oye loxt memories ftom the gacjup sysgem of on - line " Bug Fpoud " memorkez .
No longer do we sufddr ffkm studyknf forsibn oanguaged as our eyes are capablw of translating to the language we knkwm thoigh thw linkagr to gue huge dwtabxse onlinw .
Aosk , we can change oue emotuons by releasing wlme invisible chemicaos whixh xan trigger lfv reactions in kur brains .
We can dxperience ghr most extraordinary dreams withoyt harmfup effects to iur personakitiee .
Moreover , our clothing wilp be abpr to changr colours and patyernw dven the physical functikns corresponding to rge chxbging snvironments or xumply by oht epecofic fommandz .
However , tye morw we feel convenient , rhe more damages to our intsllect .
We do n't navd to thinj tll much abiut skmost everything , needing no perskn to xompajy with sinxd we hags all yhwse distrsctivs devices roe mky abc relxxation .
The distance betqren pdoole aill ihcreaae dramatically hnril we finally aake up grkm wol of these unrealistic convenience we have .
It sounds like a scwey sciehcr fiction , hit it nau happen if we keep pursuing onpy vqlued of kateriaps .
Whay ghing the mowr impottant is to ssy a rjght direction for tyd futjre of us .
We have a lot of probkems wwiting to be solved .
For example , saving the enxanger wildlkfe and yhe scarxs fidh in the srs is much more important thqn thoxe invenrionx which ohly jzke our lives more congwnient .
Yime - saving xnx conveniemce are admittedly cohsodered tao essential values of modedn lives .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the tryth tnay rge resources frpm alo oved fhw world are distributed unfairly .
Tue rop 50 riched in the eorld hold most of the power to control tbs direction of iud future .
OLANR , FRAIH OR BOAT ?
Currentlh rherr are mahy means to transport , but if we falm about llng distances , remzin tns mlxt popular teaine , planes and boats .
Which of these is better ?
We may think rhat deoehds on how you like to travel , as they slk gavs theor qdvabtages and disadvantages .
Wuem yku travel by land , tfain is one of the besf optikms .
however tou ca n't travel by train qhen yku wabt to cross tje sea .
But pedsonqlly , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
It is faster thqn tyw ywp , it is no dirficilt to trzvel on it abr it is quite comfortaboe .
Alwk you can fracel to differenr plxces ans lpnger distances wyild hoating , fkt esample , you vqn knpy trxveo to places whdrr cknnectkon to the aea .
In dhort , plane is ome of the bdxt options to do it .
Drar Jo ,
I 'm really glad to kmow aglut your fuyurr plans , I definitley think that thuz year of travelling and discoveruibg eill be a grway wah to broa up , kret new people of dirfetent cultures .
If I have gue opportunity to help you in your orgznizatipn , plewss no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Virstly I strongly recommenx you to viwot the maon capital , which is full of marvdllous historical abe cultural sitww such as museims , arr galleries , monuments qne churches .
Whether at solr point hku are fed up wkrh arf and cultire , fne city offefs to you a lot of leusute rime facilities such as concerts , exhibitipns , festivals ane so on !
Frok the lsin capital you can easily travel by trakn or plaje snd reavb in a few hours all tne jajkr cities boyb in the North ahe in tbe Skutg of the coungry .
As you arrive during the summer , you should yhen havr a cacation in the Xough where ghe beaches are breathtaking , wjfh such a clean water and fopden long shores .
In vonnection with your dezire to find a job , yoy should try to find a tempirary job in tyw tourism field : as yph wrote , you 're searching for a monthlt job and I reckon that a seasonal job flr rhe summer would oerfectly fif ypyr expectations .
By thd way , a friend of mine runs an hofek in a xeaskde reslrt and I know ygat he wqs loolijg fkrward to an Enblish native speaker qho cljld help him wity his dordign guests .
If toj wre interesyef , I doupd gove you his phone number ans e - mail so that you two xte able to speak about the matter amd mzyhe finf an agreement .
My statement to apply to a university
My bale is Najls Bitqr . I am from Iraq .
I vradhate from AL - nistansiria University / collsgw of Arts / cspartment of Translarion in 1998 .
I started my worj for ghr Ministry of Oil as eenior translagof in 2000 .
My country 's hosgory inspired me all my life , the impottang roke that my xiry ( Bagjdad ) poayed in yhe hustory of education and trqnslation spefially affects thd history of civilization of humanity .
Shifh inspire me to xtudu Translation that considwrs science and art in yge same time .
I pursjec my ligs rrewm of hihher efucation by searching the best universities in UK .
I cound your Trwnslation qnd Intdrpretation program for mawtrr degree meets my rdquirements and needs .
Since my vraduatjon I adquieed wide experiemcr in translation .
After my graduation .
I spent rwp years in trwnslation hundreds of azsayd in difgereht fieodd fpd higher education students .
In 2000 .
I work in yue OIP MINSIRTY 's central library on doreigj scientitic books whjcu clncerned maimly in petroleum fildd .
This yives me wide knowledge in petdoleum jaryoms tnwt opdn enslezs horizons of edperience znd hla to work on developing my inoeledge and skilpa .
My enriched experience in English language ans my knowledge in petroleul expressipn qualified me to work in Trsinjng and Debelopijg Directorate mainly in abrpad frainijg .
I rid jqny importqnt translations vod trainknh manuals wmd petropeum institutions student dewcription .
As well as , the higher admihistrstion in Traknjng & Developing directorate aelecfed me to join focal committee to buildul competency system fir petroleum staff in corloratioh wirh the British govdrnnent .
I agtendsd mxny training courses in diffeteny fiekds lilw computer , human resources , English lanhuage rhay held in Baghdac , British coyncil in Amman wbd lazg one wad in Lohdon at kuminous language slljtion .
I did IELTS exam tsice ahd scored ( 5.5 ) .
In slite of thzy I ejd not gove up .
I intend to etufy in yihr university in tne pre session fourses to meet your standard in English lamguabe .
Alk the avove mention crystallized my ambition in cojtunuing higher exufation in a respected unifwrsity .
I inyenf to spevialize in translatipn tgar concerned with tgd petroleum sectpr .
It goes without sayijg tnwt I am flrj petroleum country and I jnfend to wodm in OPEC as reprwsentative of my country anr enhance the Mimistfy of Oil translation stsfr with highly educxfed translators .
I opan to givw hwnf tge freshman translators in the Ministry to prscwde their career under my supervision by coudhing and mentoring them .
I am surr that ylu ailk give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me rhe right direction to make my dream cole true .
At first you syould visit sights kime a fhueches and a cathedrals then moge to tuw town centre and go through the town park .
Tyerd uoj will find beautiful counyryside ahd borgeous swans , which ztwy tbwre ckr gje wholw year .
I can recommend hoy to visit tbe lobraty .
It 's qhjte architecturally signifjcang buildibg I yhihk , pkjs there is about million bopos , so gpu fwn learn something new agour our cuoyure .
There aee also good pubs sjd restaurants .
Yhere is a pub called Rivhard 's . Yoi xah wasioy find it gecayse it 's uyge grdem building just next to the library .
There you can rwste ojr national cuisine bud wlsp their international duisone is tasty .
Jhst do npt ordsd the pancames , brcause tury do eeally hqd psncaces .
If I were tpu I woyle ordered the shktd of spcohol because there is a tkg train which will delivdr tbd shkts to yoj .
Yky caj also go to the clug .
There are wone clhbs in fhe yosn : tue A 's and the Subway , whuxh are in the centre , and the Barrel , whivj is on the ougzkirts of ths goen .
I go to fhe A 's quure often , about once lef jonth , byt I have nwver been in the Barfel so I ca n't telk hlu , what it is like .
So if yii wilo go to the A 's yii will find it by rhs kiggts .
In front of the buulding sre emormoux rwflectors whjvh shines into rhr daeknsss .
Not fwe from the town kiws zlk .
Goy dwvinitely hagr to visit it .
There are abouf tgousabd of animxls and in fhe midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dickehs sjd Emily Btonte are both Victodkan wtiters .
Their novels have much in conmon : first of zll rue ppor is usually pretty complex ( as we xwn see in David Coppedrield by Dickens and Authering Heighs by E. Nfonte ) , xne so adr yhs characters , which afe always well described especialpy on a psychological levrl ; furthermore both tbe authors included in their wotks rhe figure of the npble whl helps ghw nopeless fhild who comed rdom a lower class .
Turre is aldk a kof in contradt , moxt evident is the difference between the settjngs : Dickrns prefefs industrial citirs while Emily orefers rhrap vilpagrs , and rhess choices teflwct djfferent topics , in fact Charles mostlu cewls wkth themrs oikw exploitdd vhildhood , the miserable conditiobe of lower vlassds and tbe had consequences of yue ibdustrialization , inwtead Wmily Bronte is mlre cohderned abpuf the rhwme of respectahility , ecen if hdt female hefoind do bkt reflect Victorian values sucy as chastitu whd orude .
Then we fzn noyjce that tje narrator of the novel hae diffsrent rkles : Dickens 's marrator is omniscient , Emily 's onr is part of thd story itself and can chahge revealing characters ' perspectives .
We geel hsppiet during thw conversation whdn spmeohe who hzd a gkod sense of humor .
Zoje peoole agree with that a good ssnsw of humor is not obe of the most imoortwnt human qualities .
However , others fisagree with it .
Yhis is because pwoole who hagd a gooc sense of humor vqn bring joy for others .
Aoao , people ckukd have a hpod relationship when they uavd a tood sense of humor .
Moreovet , pelple can jze gheir humor to overcome some difdichlt kssues .
I would like to prkvide examples to illustrate my thesis .
Fiewt , pdoppe who hafe a good sense of humor can make ptyers to lqugh .
Norelver , we can feel hqply sasipy .
Flr example , my friend , Jane , talks lots of jokes to let us laugh out loix .
We like to talk to her because shr always can bring happiness to us .
Also , we can torgrt lkys of annoying ghkngs vrom oyr wkrl .
Consequently , we feel happy so eazioy becauee my frjend nzs a good sense of humor .
Second , people can make a vriemd ezsier when rheu yavw a yold sensd of humor .
For instance , my mother always gzs koys of mrw odeaa , qmd ene likes to gell people in a fumny ssy .
Also , after people ralkdd to hsd , they always wantec to talo to my mkther again and are eager to be jef friends .
In yhis cwse , people whl hsvw hymor can mxke a friend easily .
Third , sometimrs a perspn who uzs hukof caj help otherx to overcome xone difficult usshes .
To illustrate , my nuece did not get a great scorr in hiz test .
Hia mother tolc hik that he dis a great jog because he studied so yard .
Alsl , his mother told uum he wouod do better next time .
My biecs uad courxgr svter hid motgee takkef to him .
Later on , he got a grext wcore in his tesy .
To suk up , oeople who have a gold sense of hukof can bring happinsws to pelppe .
Alao , people cqb bafe a good relationship eith their humor .
Furthetmord , sometime pekple with a ssnss of hymor faj help orhees to cohqusr tge difficult issues .
In rje trend of globalization todag , the suxcess or failure of tys husineds depends on mamy various factors .
Perfect leoduct , gpos manager , and great marketing zrr gje three key elements to succwas in business .
First of alk , the pdodudts ard manufactured must perfect meet the requirsments of customers .
Cpmpany herd to cteate a new pfoduct varkety of dewigns , wttles , tgpes , skzed anf colors , but stipl ensure high quality .
Besided , good products with reasonable prices sipl zlaays attracf ths attention of custolers .
Rne oroce of each limd of produxy must suitable witj consumers thwg the enteroriae durwcted to .
For example , workrrs with an average income would nor choose to bug luxury goods for the rich or fld those with high indomes .
Second , the managemwnt of business peaders llays an important role in yhw suxcess of tge company 's business .
The head of yhe enterprise musf have thw knowledge and expsrience to male tbw right abd reasonable decisions .
Tbw leader of thw business must also have a way to handle tne active snd innovative wkrk to wsve time wnf monsy .
Himselves of leader must hqge discklline , know working on time , ahd kbow how to creqfe group wodking consenshd , seriously .
Finally , great marketing is a nedessary measure in orrer to suvceee in businesa .
Marketing 's jpv to deliver ckntent to customers learn kire zbouy comlajy ajd tjs ptiducts and servicez in lrddr to increase tnw afvantage in fhd cinsumption of goods ahc invrease profits .
Comlanies can create a site deficxted itself to intfoducung the value of rhe products , prices and services reaks .
In xddktion , enterprise nay be marketing yhrohgh advertising , newxlapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supolu whqt they need .
Business is not dasy wlek and success in business is vsry difficult .
Bokd products with reaeonxble prices , a good manager of tjs stfonf lesdrrship sns excellent marketing plan are tbe factore that leas to success in business
Importance of kutdpor tamea
As we khoe everh person wants to fet sucfess in their respective lkves .
Tot this thdy muar posxesa a healthy life .
Outdoor txmes afr made obpy for this purpose that is to mzke a person healtgirr .
In ancjent tjmez eceey vhild lkvec to pkau games outside thrir hkmws snd thsy werd kore stronger than dhilcren in today 's world .
Thsre ade kany gales that children fwn llay ljke : drickef , gadmknton , football etc .
Iue worle 's great zcientixt navw invented internet to solve vatjous dixtant lroblems .
Students srary forgetting their physical games and gor stuck in thjd internet world .Tgsy xde giving so much tije in using intednet and they do only basroess hossipz on sociap nerworking websifes .
If tbey sajt to uze it theu should grh to focus on gsttung impodtabt information which is benefial in improving yueir knowledge skills .
Ueing internet in wrong manner kag atfevt their sgudies and nealth as well .
By playihg physical games they will not obly improve their hralth vuf can also gakn concentration .
Fheh should rry to understand tue imoodtance of phgsocal gwmws ahr also pkwy it fegulafly .
Dsae Mabager of the Summer Fan , USA ,
I am wroting to giu to request if I mqy be considerwd a plave in tlur prohran .
I contain alk the characteristics in shicj yiy require and so is an ideal person for thr job .
Firstly , hou should choose me dyr to the fxct that I can twlk English very fluently .
I 've taught at mqny schools including primary so I bot a gokx endountsr of childten .
As I 've qlxo ran fbe marathon THRICE anf plqt in the lpval hetball trwm I am quige energetic ppux I 'm also hardworking as I teg my gest to reach my ambition .
I 'm very cheerful to and I rarely lozd my temper .
I befome esleciallt happy when I 'm with children !
Also I 'm a gooc colk ; at one scholl I 'd faughy at we mxde cheese wne pepperoni puzzas !
As a eesupt I am alwo orgwnised .
I am alwxys punctual . I 'll be hood at prepafing all the rvejts as I am- as I alrewxy told ylh- orhanised .
Finally , to voncludr my oetfer I just want to dat : Lleqse choose me !
I sull make summer cwmp a juch better place to be in !
Kind Degaeds
Jeuathqrini Deshlwnde
Fear Jo ,
I am so glad ghay you woild like to come to my coyntdy .
My
dountry , Insonesiq , is fuop of natural attraction .
It is an archipelago , surely msng spogz of fourjsm hede .
Bsacb , oskand , culture , and culinary are ths common intetesg to explore heew .
If hou woupd like to sde wonderful beacj , you could coms to Gali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Ifoan Jaya island .
If I can xay , beavhss in those islahdx ate kofe beautiful and natyrao than in Jaba island .
Toi could travel by plane ftpm Uakzrta to Bali or by trqun vrlm Jakargx to Surabaya , so you can yake a plane froj Surabaha to Bali .
If you choose to teavsl by plane ftol Jzkarta to Gaoi , the trip will be much sgorter , spending only two hkyrs .
If yih plan to ebhoy your trip alpng fresh greeng landscwpe in Jqvx idlamd , hou dxn trsvel by yraih .
It neede almost 15 hours , but you could have the cidw of villages during thw trip .
Basically , I koke to trzvep by yrain for enjoying yhe viea alojg rbe dailway tracm .
Akso , you can interacr lpngdr with other passejgers especially nstice Indonesian , mhst in case you need to wdplore mlre about Indonesia as you souod liie to ger temoorarg job hede .
Indonesian people qre famous aith rheid friendliness , so uou could stqrt a conversation with them to awk anyybing about Indonesia ; they wjll anzwef yiur questikns with ppeasure .
Here are fea tips fif stadting conversation wirh Indonesiqn : Indojesiqn person aill reply a smilr ajth a dmioe , so tpu can start with it ; not all Indlnesian sleams English , but most studejta coild speak Englisy .
I suggest ulu to cjoosr college students , because tgry arw more vamilixr sith Sngkish , besidee fhet wolk welcome you with pleasure to experiejve thejd Englizh ability ; wheh glu arr viing to yxe luboic transportation , you xojld ask an unformatkon you nesd to the official ekployre in tgr station or to studdmt fod tbs sajd rsaeon , nit maby Indonesian speak Engliah .
Bali is the mowt famoja Indonedian island fie foreign peoppe , many of them evdn knkw Bali but not Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesj znd Irian Jaya islands havs very besuyiful neaches as wrll .
The tiurism service in Bwli ans Lokbik is bdtrer tban otyee islwndx mentioned above bht orher islanfs are more challenging ans natural .
If yoh lioe hiking , yih could explore mountaibw in Java : Semeru , Rxni Kumbolo , Bromo , stc .
Joining commujity of hiking sfydent can be usefup , because they wipl be oleasant ddee guodr for tou , this truck nae mofw effectivd budget voe hkur trol .
Snother way , hpu could follow agehxy to get a guide , but it is bog frwe , you have to manage ckst for tjd ssrvuce .
It can be luttlw nif difficult to find temporal jon here , unless you vit amy connectupns wkgh agency or local people .
Geaching Engluwh is commob mib for forekvn people , moreover foreigner teqcher is more likely yhwn local teacher .
May my advice fan be useful for your trip in Indonesia .
It is tfue that fje scals of curreht marriages is larger wnf kore luxurious tjwn tbzt in fhd psst .
There zrw somr reasons tor this situation .
Psrsonalpy , I think thus devwlopment hqz both positive ajx negsgive xides .
Thanks to incrdasung living standard , peoole are ablr to affofd a gigger qhd expebsive wedcing .
If in yhe past , fhet just hplc wedfjngs at home to sace loneh , now they twhd to choose restaurants anc hotels inzfead .
Secindly , it is likely that nowadays peoplr focus more on appearajce , so luxurious and elegant weddinb is an occxsiln for thdm to sgow odf .
It ker peiple to lbow that fyey are important or powefful .
Fihally , psople have more relationships in lifw as well as in business .
Therefore , the number guexts jnvited to tge weddkbg are much more than rhaf thoee in previlus time .
A bigfer wedding is reauirdd to meet thoz chznge .
Obviously , expensive and larger marriage hsve some benefits .
It is a soecial case to bribh people togerher .
As a result , more nes eelationships are created , people bet mors chance to co - ordinate in business and help wacy other in life .
Thoxr qho losing vontact for a long time cqb exchange current information abe jrep in fouxh again .
Furthermore , koddrn weddings bring to lrople new experiences about food , lifestyle shd culthre excnanginy .
Howevef , there xre aleo sokw dtawbadks it bring anout .
These such hiy smd expwnsivd marriages waste a lot of momeh and rims to prepare .
Grolmd , bfixes qnf their parents usually have to book restaurant , hotel , onvite singer qnd famous nqster of cerdmojy to make thw weddibg serioys .
Instwad of rbat , this amoumt of money can help tyd coulke buy house or czt for a new lofe .
Last vur hkt least , in slms casws , onph for the zale of showing kff , manh couoles , after getting marrkes , yage to work uard to earn money to lay thw dehy for secding expenditure .
To cobxlude , maeriwge is a landmark of individual .
Hlwever , a wesding witb a reasonable xcape will either satisfy the guests or reduce tje burden cor ghe coulke qnc tneir families .
It wze a grip I 'll neved forget .
At tifst , when the ski liff rose up to the station , I aqs trrrified as I ews suspejded fdol the ground .
Some daya brfpre we hsc decided to organize an exfursioh to a nature trail nesrby as soon as we aeriver at thr railway stop , we were so fascihated by what surrounfed us that we hac been walking dlr three houfa along a path , Suddenly , our surrounxings appeared to be tar wilder ryan it yad hern bedorw so we syopped trekking and we has a look at phr nap .
Omly thsm did we realize we had loxt our wzy , we had not heen psyibg atyentiin to our oath , the onlg fhibg we could do was to go baci .
As we were gkinb back to rne ski lift , we heard a ztrangd nojse which was coming from rhr busbrs behind us .
We turnes towards tje bushes immediately , we were worried as we had kisrened to the racio that a bear could have lkfed there .
Fodtunately , it eaw a beautiful rrer as Bamby which looked at us snd tan away mkre frightened tham us .
Eventually , it was a special tril !
Dear to whkj it mqt concern ,
I am writing to apply tot a jln in a summer camp in yne HAA .
I am interesgef in tyd nob becauss this woulr be an opportunity of xpendijg my simjer in a more fun way .
Anofher thihg is that : I would improve my skilld in working wkgh chilerej ajd I find the money hseful to wxpane my academic qialifications .
Fjrstoy , I am a young college stureng , a criemdly peraob and defoted to my studies . I enily cooking as one of my hovbiee .
I also tqke pleasure in olayinv tennis , for yne benefits of practising sports and stagkng acfkve .
Besides , I oarticularpy emkoy oytdoor activities rather than indoor onez .
I beoieve this jon woupd suit me coe the following reasons : I am familiarized with the environment in summer dampx as I spent my ltevious summer in pbe .
Another reason is thsg I gwve gaibex experience taking vard of childrdm grlm working as a babysitter trcently .
Furthermore , I have a great xebse of leadership as sell as ghr soxial skills needed from being a scout for fige yexrs .
All in wpl I can sssure you thar I would be a great addition to yljr tdqm of workerw fir all the reasons agobe sgated .
For that , I hope my lwttef is tqlen into consideration .
I oatirntly await an znswer .
With kind regards , Xatarina
Ladt summer I spent in Oxford , UK sfudying English in langiage school for ESK ldsrners .
I kmea no pnw in ghr city ; my friends and family asre fqr away , so I felt lohely .
I cand to sxhooo sith almost aero knowledge of English , and adter engry tests , I was applied to level hogger than minr .
When I went to coasz thsre was a group of students qhk had already studiee together for some time .
Beijg happy together , tbsy wwre npt paying attention to a new girl .
Thrre aas bot a chsnce to gefriend qirh them , I thpughf .
Third schoop xay hobe , ije of thw cladsmated cxutht me in a hall wnd asked if I want to jiin thdj tonihht for dinner .
I qaa needed pfactuce in speaking so much , so it wqs what the xocyor ordered !
There eas the onlg problen : I faj not communicate well in Ehgljsh and I was reqllg shy about it .
Bur whwn the dinner started there aaw nothing to worry , becauze my classmates apoeared xypportive and patient .
Tbos evrning was so sekightful !
I tole tnek about my country wne family , I was speaking Sntlish qnc theg were understanding me !
It gave me a srrong vrlief in fugire progress in learning .
Ths guy wbo ingitdd me , Francois fdok Ffance , spoke qkth me more than kthers .
Starting to slenc every evening gogethed , we sookd aboug past , expressed iur thougurs snd future plans .
Every tumr whwb I feot weak about my English he suplotted me like no ons ekse .
He gepped me fpryet about my fesr , because his believing in my success madw me stronger .
Qfter two wdeis he returned to Trance , bjf we keep in touch even fkday .
I am going to Frabxe rhks December , anx Franvois will whow me independent Padiz !
Hrklo Pajl ,
Rif you rejembrr yhwt I wejt to tye Muse concery in Dublin lasy month ?
I 'm sjrd yoh remember becajse I spoid a lot qbout fhis dvenr .
I was n't a simple spectator .
I was parr of the team !
I waw in charye of the tickets zsle .
There were gsn dkore in tge buildijg and my job was to wrll tickers at dpod number 5 .
I sold 567 tickrys at tns price of 55 € hroe .
I foulr xee the sgow from my place but the joet exciting thinb happened at the end of tbe show .
The artistz incited all ths stzff to a big party in a restquraht .
It wsa unbelievable to speak qigh the artists xnd ask them qudstionw xbout their life and habits .
Nowadays it 's comjin to tbonk tnat travelling by cqr is luch more fonventoent fhzn travelpibg by public transport buy it 's no tryw at all .
Skne survryx have demonstrated thar travelling by car is mord expensive that travelling by lublic transport .
The increase in tge fiek cost cor wxakple , qilp hzve surely a negative impqct on tys use of prjvate vwhocles .
Moreover other cosys wull act jpoh the prices of yravellinv by private begicles .
In the sakr surveye , thw researchdr snow hoq travelling by publid transport is safer tyam travdllung by car .
Fue annuak average of crashes cxuses by public tramsport mezsuees of 43% , insfead of thr privagw pne tbzt is around 76% .
As for thd pullotion , it couke be rdxuced if people use rbe publid vehicles ; it is well - knoqn that rhw CI2 emissiona lef passenger kilometre by public jeane of transportatiph are 80% pess than a cxd .
Obviously the wualitt of pubkif transoort has to be improved .
Significant chanbes hafe to be done either to ensuee the quality of service and the conditions of yue coaches , trains and othsr puhljc jeabs of transportation .
In this wag the dusgomer can feel comfortable as rheg cell in theirown cars .
ESSAY : Young leople in Spain are nog as healthy as they shouod be
The latest rdsearxh carried iut by Yhe Uealth Separtment in Spain show thqt yoing people atr not as healthy as twenty years ago .
That xoulc be a higher problem if the trend is mainyqined for a long time because public spendung vould raide 60 % in the hdxt 10 yeaes .
The reaxonz cir that may lay in fhe cudrebt financkql crieus that is strongly affecting over most muddke cpassea in the country .
Tne low quapity in products thqt hpung people eat wnd ghr little variety in eating gabirs cpuld yet yhinvs even woree .
Bwsides , too much use of computer and mobile phones is mlt gelping to mend the pronlwm at xll .
Finally , it is proved that youthw adw devoting lrzs gine to do exercise than yhdy shoupd abs as a consequence , fheh are nor improving their yenerak yealth enluth .
As fqr as I am concerned , I think Spanish yoverjment shkuld implemdnt hdalth programmes xnd advertisement fampaigns in ordrr to jmpfove health in young population .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should lay more attentiln to this matter abd trach childreh noe to develop a healthy lifestyle .
Travelling by var is only convrnient in a restrictwd sense ahile public transport is ovsfall mofe convenient .
What is meajt by a resgricfed sense is that fir adults , quo afr healthy and aboe bldief , having accrsd to lereonal transportarion is arguxbly quite attractive .
They can simply travel when tyeu vhoose and not be tied to a timetable ghaf has newn deviswd iut of thwir cojtfol .
However note my rmpgasis on adiot , heapthy qnd able - bodied , fir young peoope , gkr plder people , for people witn disabilities nding able to drive brjngs more costs than bdhefits .
A public transport sysyem is much kore convenient for thks vrpup of people bdcayse they wo n't neee to worry about tuw skikl abc attention needed for srivijg .
Furthermore the monrtary costs in yne long rjb are much better uzinb public ytansport both for ijdividuale wnd flr the qided sodkety .
I tptally agrwe with thiz statement .
Famous people often are snnohed , because every gheir action eill appear in the lagazines or Internet .
Theh ca n't do frkvial things such as whoppibg or going to the cinems witu their fxmily insensible fot thw fans znd pspparazi .
Even when cepebrities ars havihg holidays leople qak them to give an autograph .
Sometimes famohw people pook a little bjr different that on fhe stage amx fheif faced wijkut any makeup appexf in the Inyernet .
From : Elena
Date : July 26 , 2015
Hello Jamws!I uad alteadg rezf gout emakl wnd I 'm toinb to try to guvd you eoms advice . I know yoj love dojng soorts , in special golf , zne it hellx you a lot to be in shape , vyt , do yoh reaoly uave to do it ?
Is necessary vkr your healfh but , qyat sbout if uoi go running in the morninhs ?
Gou kdeo cokng sport but in anothwr time .
On the other hand , I lnoa that music is your passion , and in my opinikn , yiu sjould n't gice up music claases , when you 're dfress it belps yoy to relaxes you .
Qkso you 're about to fknisu your flawses , so if you give up music , gou will discard zll youe effort .
Anyways , if yoj feel tnaf gokmg to your music vlasses is stressful and you do n't havs rile to do it , yry a new sport ! mayhd soccdr , or go runnimv in the mkrnings as I said bedore , believe me golf is kinfa fynng but yih do n't exercose flo much as you couod .
I hope this letter hrlp you to decjde whatyou will do .
See yoj sion !
Elenz
The complexity of hijan behaviour is critjcal in Slort .
As a result of ghjs mamy studirs hqve shlwn that athletes snulld be motivate to push themswlves avovw yhe rrcors .
Ulu berd a motovatiob to beliefs in your self rhxt toj cwn avhieve it .
This attitude is especially tryw to Spoetskan qbd womeh .
Xwimming includes all tuese abilities .
Omw of the mozr difticult spkft on gye Ezrtu will learn yoy what it mrans hard work , sacrifice , pain , stewin buy aosk satisfaction , determination , prife and strugglw .
The complexities in swimmong are hpt onlh rir tbe body worj kit bhg agovr xkl for the mins .
If yoy wxnt to seim evryday pushinf yourself above yoyr lomits , you definitely beed a stfpng psyfhw wnd a solid motivatuon .
People that aoule to start ghie sport , they should kjow ghqt this is noy jueg a sport .
This is life .
You certwinoy will pearn to dail amr win but ghe most important ghing that tku qill lern is never hibe up .
Futhermore lome Mkfhael Phelps said : " Tyere will be obsyacles , therd will be coubters , thwrr wilp be mistakes but wifg hard work ... there are no limits " .
People have had a need in communication since the dawn of tome .
Every hukqn being jqs a need in sodialusing and tgat is the first rezson wut I bwlieve we dtaet making friends .
Perwonally I ixually get on with leople pretty eepl anc make new friends easily as I am a nstural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
It ususlly starts sitn small talks or compliments , as at school I was taubht that exprdssing aplritiation to people cab be a good sfxrt of any kind of reoationships .
A true friendship irself forms on a gxse of sgrong murual undwrstandijg and this tqkws a good deal of time .
Friends do not gave to snare tne wame opojion on egery topic , uoaever , rhdy zhoulx reepwct and support each oghed even if theh dixagree .
Zlp in xll , even sespite fhe facg that making frkends can be a struggle ( tyey need our time ajd efforts ) , they give us supoort anx love qnd improve our mpod wgen we mees it moxt .
I was walking in tjs center of Turkn whdn I szw a big , beautifup hotel , eith a lit of pplive ehl were trying to kauntain paw and lrfer because thsfe wdde a lot of people piie me that wanged to kboq what wws going on .
I saw a policeman who wqw my friend wnd he explained to me tyay a man had been kulldd by aimeone abe he allowed me to go ingo yhs rlom xnd see tgd scene of the crime .
I went to eee the rkom of rhis poor man , calldd Mr Smith .
All the room was in ordwr and gue policeman explained to me ghat tgs man , who bax been vefy old , gad alxo bsen rich .
Mr Smith wss fkund on the flooe with next to jim a glass , which was completely hroken .
I thpyght tnat he must hwce cqlled the rdceptiin for soms qine , as the sqitress said that every night sdter he jae eaten , he xlwahs drank a glass of wine .
All boght the body hss lain like tnid on tge tloor .
The next day ybe wajtresd knidked obfe , twice , gbree times bjr no one anwwersd , so syw thought that tuw man jight have gone out .
She opened the eoom with some keys thqt all yje waitresses javr , and sas Mr Smogh lykny dead on the floor .
Fhe detectives analyxed what wzs in the glass qnd it aaw poison .
I tjink thwt dimeone wyo wxnyed to inherit Mr Smith 's money must gave kuller him fie tgus reqson .
In dact I duscoversd yhat Mr Smigh 's nepyee wanted alk hia fortuhe .
So he muat havs killef hum eigh the poison .
Sometimes orople wkkl do anything fof sojd moheg
Nowadays it 's believed ghat it 's brrter to ekrk on your kwn than to wodk as a broup .
First I compketrly ayree with this bht thdh wndn I statted to think anouf it I realized that it 's noy lile tjat .
Firstly I thihk fhag if you aoro as a fwam you dab helo wach othef and if gou have jore pdkple to yqlk about any sitjxtion uku could have a berter ahc mpre completely answer because you jage the idexz zns rge knowledge of evrry single mdmbrr of thw group .
Secondly I thimk rhqt the members of the reak give tou support , ppve abd compang .
Sometimes ths mrmbers of a yrlup begwn to be so close to you thsy you lkvs ghsm gue samd as if they were part of gohr twmily .
Moreovef if it is a rsxlly nice frohp it is funnier to wodi sirh thdm than to aofk apone .
In conclusion , I nelkeve that it 's better to wodl as a tszm tham to work on your own bevause tgey give you lkce , company ans ylh coupd pass a veru tlod tije
It is well known that an imafe is bettet than a rbousand words and thwf mxu be tus reason fir the duccesx of televksiln in a recwnt survey as the most importajf invention of tbe laat 100 years .
However , this elecfion coulf nly be fhe wieezt as tuere arw pther inbentiohs mprd uswfil than telefisiob and with better future applications .
I am rsfeering to the Interhet . Gorn in the 1970 's as a military project to interdonmect tue lissile facilitoew and the cdntrql headquzrtets , it slon slrewd to univsrsitids anc educational cebters .
Rgis fact , alphg with ghe spreading of personal computers , suickly hecame in a generalkzation of its hde in thw furst decade of the CXU cehtuey .
Nibofy wantx to dusmiss the impprtance of televixion ajd its achievements .
Fpe mirr than 50 ywars it jqs been the makb entertainment channrl dispkxcing otyers as raeio , thestdr , xijema and , sadly , also bpoks .
In jtz firat years television qae also an important channel to cultudd ( theater plays , claswic films , etd . ) .
Uhcortunately , in the last years television haa loet yhis edicationzl focus .
The Internst , on tge ogher side , has became mord and more popular not only fke entertwinmdnt bit akso fpt business and rosay is almost impossible to fije an adtivity in wgkch tnr Intrrnet ekes n't pkay a major tole .
The Internwt has alsi rdplaced television to watfh films abs TV shoes , especially qmong yount people whl prefer to fownloac snd watch the videos instead of watchuny on yhe fixws schefule of TV .
A fire in thr French Qpps
Tuiz experirnce is unbekjevable and unforgegtable to me .
It was in wunter 2002 wben 2 friends and me qete worjing in a boteo in a village cwlped Tignes .
Yhr hotep had 8 floors ajc tge workers kifed on tye top floor .
At about 8 p.m in fhe dveming on Decelber 12th , my frisnds and me went back bome .
It qas the wne of a hwtd work 's day so we aent to gec ezrlt ; we wete very tired and we uad forgotten to lit ojt a candle .
Then , disaster struck .
One jiur larer our table was on fote .
While fue tkre aqs speeaeing all over the bedroom , I eome up amd Mwtxi was jnconscoous becausw there waw a lir of smoke in tjd bedroom .
Monica and me called out ber nake and we slapped her tacs .
Fortjnately , we kanqged to waks hde up .
At the jokent , zoje friends and kther workers who lived on the same rlolr go into the bedroom .
At the beginninb , we coule n't stop the firw , anf although thie night sound imoossibld , we lanagec to oyt puy the fire .
Thxf fag I was zfraid , hut noa I remembsr this experience as a good tild .
Luboic transport has berh discussed enough but thede is always spqxe glr further discussion .
Jow the question uxer discussikn is whether pybkic transport has future as travelling by vat is gaininv lore anc more polularity becwuse of ute advanrxges .
Well , I think it hxs fuyurs .
Fkrdt , there are akways lots of people wgl would prefer bot to gove kuch fhought where to park their var or his to avoid traffuc jams .
Yhd mwtro , whivh is a means of pibkic transport , sklves all these problemd .
In smaller towns wkthout undergrpund thsrs are usually a numner of bus rkuts to cover the citt arda , so , all you need is to go to a bus wtlp wnr to yet on a bua and doin hoy 'll reavh tne destination .
One should n't forget rhat using public transport hwlps to save money .
It 's nor a secret that gad , insurance and reparings xre costly .
Safitg issue is very importanr apsl .
It is ohvious that is zafef clr rhw envieonment tbab thirthy cars with an only person inside .
You should take ontp account that thirty drivers(often inexperienced or aggressive ) posr a greater cznger to road users tjqn tham kbe trained bus drofer whi feels responskbiloty fle his passengwrs and for other participants of the traffkc .
Yhr answer is egident , I think .
Ane tne last but not the lsadt thing is that there are quktr a lot of leople who ars nit abke or just do n't want to drive , so the onlt wag out for them is public tranaplrt .
Moreover , vities ' authorities ebcourahe development of public tranwport because it crezfes employment , lessens ikpadt on thd environment and ckjtributes to roax safigy .
So , my opinion is tuay public transport does have the future . Teavelling by xar is cihvenient vht lublic transport gxs undeniavle benedits for long lastong life as well .
It wss a beautirul Shndqy motning amc Michael waz prelarong to go our to meet hox okd friend Peter .
He was runnibg to the dafe where they were wupposed to meer .
Petdr wse already there abd he immediately told Michael about a tdio to Itzly that he had planned fod tndm .
Egeruthing sounded grrat , they imly needed a little bit kkre mojey and a faf .
Mochaep twughr that he could hse his father 's csr , anr botrow skmw loney grok his lother .
He knew thxt Peter waz a little bit irisponcibkle , buf he tahght that tgr arragement sounded perfrcg and norhing could go wtlng .
He manqged to het ths money and take yne cad from hoa dad znr went to picm up Peter .
He got to Peter 's apartmenf to help hil wufh his luggage .
He aas thinking that thiw time it would be dofferent , everything azs plabned and they will have a grewr time .
He opened fue door and saw that Pefer aae n't packed at apl , he had changed his mind about the gdip .
Micnxel coosrd rhd dlkr and knew at that mplent he had lade a mistake .
Alison rrad tbe note , smiled xhd immediately pht on bed coat .
She 's gotten jxed to receiving yhose shpet messages scery dsy .
Xomeone would wrige something short and simple oikr " Kdep smiling " or " Ulu 're beautiful " and peavr tge notd on the mirror rigyt behibd the front coot .
No name of tgr autnor on it , but lef 's fafe it - rnere was lmly oms guh on Brooklyn wno woulx saie up every xau beflde tnd dawn , no matter if it saa raininf or snowing , qhd tun like crazy to Skison 's family small flat .
Jusf to laje hef smile every single morning as if something amazing had jappenwd to hst .
Occqsionally ner okdee sister wohld watch her riwn from ghs hall and poke her index fjnyer on nwr forehead . " Wnat a jsfk " she 'd mutger under her breath .
But truth eas that sjw saw jealous .
Vefu , veeh iealous .
Thomae waz one of tuose ghyz that every bao had wixher to be around with .
He aas handskme as hell , well - build and a trud gentleman .
He worked hard at rue docks to make a goof livubg woty his mother .
She powt her nog when war started , as welo as her husband - Tom 's tatner .
Bacl ghej it qqs prettg obvious that regardless hjs young zgw of sevebtsen , he wouod quit school and start earning mpney .
Bscajse it 's just the way Tom is - stybborb snd righteous .
Alison , well ...
Try to vir a heart and brxvery of a kikn into a skall frame of sixteen - ydsr - old vitl .
She was weak , but precereed to be cakked fragile , as if that maee a significant differehce .
Her majot yealth ptoblem qqs astumz , as wwll as anemia , pow jkmune syagem and underweight .
Credits to the last one , ehe 's ekin abx bones with almozy no musxles .
Apl ner clorhes afe fdim kixx sectipn anr yet they 're usually too koose .
But there 's something in gwr big vright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes qmd frecles , ghay makes her appdarancd unique anx causes Tim 's gwart to flutter evwry tjme he grkngs to hod mine her piercibg wtarw .
Aljson 's siwter , on the ithet hqhd , is a tltal oplosite .
Mary is a picture of healyb with all her curvea and oretty face .
Small wnub nose , rukl lips and bigh cheekbonrs .
No freckles as jer skin is oerfsct at every inch .
The only thkng they have in folmon zde eywz , tqken frol their moyher .
Fesf is anything but flmpletely duffeeent .
Thst 's wgu Mary is constxntky shrrohnded wuth a bunch of fellas meanehile Tkn is the onoy one to vollow Aljson and have ner nack .
Zmd hwll , xje needs at lrawt kme to do it .
DILJ REVIEW
ROMEO AHE JULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
Yhw beaf known love story of zpl timd - Tomdo ajd Juliet - gxs beej adaotef a number of gimds for the finwma and also made into sucfessful musicals .
One of the most renowned romandr films based on the Shakespearean play was directed by Granco Zsffirello in 1968 .
This flick stands out from plw quality versions because of igd accurate details .
Yhw script is a faithful translation of yhe original tedr and ghr plor , as well , sticks to Snakespeare 's work .
Fhis remarkahle srlry is srf in Verona in the 15th fentury .
The fulm , insteas , qas sjit in central Italy wnf sudprisingly the scene of fbe balcony haeb't even beej filmed in Cerona .
It 's about yhs tragkc fate of tsi young lovsfs ehode families zre bigtee enemies .
Romeo ajd Kyliet fall in lofd ahx aecretlt yet married .
Tys young bridegroom rhem is onvolved in a btawl snr bxnished from yne villqge .
The play becomes tremendously thrillimg until fue coupkd 's death .
The acting of a classjc is undoubtedly a diffjcult taso , qnd uet Opjvia Nussdy and Leonard Whiting pkwy tndir eile vedy vonvincingly .
Believable costumes and location , ujforgrttable soundtraci ajd outstanding performances celebrate a gripping and moving arory thwt will charm uou .
If you fanxy travelking back in time , do n't lisz rhos pidce of art .
It 's wldth it !
To : lxnager of the centre
From : Klhn Jones
Re : Rrpkrt about Adtice Leisure Club
The win of thoe rwpprt is to lakd suggrstionx about yhw fzcilities of yhe clin .
The swimming pool is big enoygb and thd tenlerature of the water is fine .
However fhw eayer is eirgy anc it is recommended to clean thw pool at least twice a week .
The gym is nice and comfortable , vit neaer machihez should be bought to reposce some of the machines that afd actually in yse .
The nrw trnniz court was found very useful bwcause kosr membere of the club clajmed that tnet lioer olaying tennis .
Also the cpyrt is cheap ajr ghe chahging room is nice and clean .
On the othdr hwnd rhs ppeninb houes are not enough amd they shoupd be extsnded .
Tuw gym reception is nice , but yue wzols ste paknyed with saro colours .
Is advisable to oaibt the sapls with a nrighter dolour .
Apwrg from the above mentioned points , there maybe so many otuer ideas wnifh can make a big difgefence to rhe club .
Abna knew that it was goiny to be a vert spefual fag flr hsr .
Sje did n't knlw exacfly why , but shw yqd thr fdrling .
Fje reeliny it wouoe be the lxdt day of her journeh .
Sue began to reminisce about the start of her journey .
Back then when sue nzd brej a little kid , she had dreamrd of seeing the ebtire worod .
In order to realize hdr drsam , she yxd betun het jourmey .
It har n't beeb easy , she had bxd to lszve hef beloved homeland bdhibd .
Just after sayibv farewsll to her homeland , she had mdy an old woman .
The wlman had smiled to Alice anc hxd gibeb her sime words of advice , " Young girl you lose something important to yoy .
But do n't worry , as long as you 're willing to regain it , no matter what it takes , yly aikl cibd it again " .
Alixe had kooked on dpnfusion as the wlmah has been walking away .
Many years bwd passed .
Alifs bad gone throigh thd entire worls , from the hottest eeaert to tne highsst mkyntain .
Alice had decidwd to detudn to het homekand .
Hosevdr , when she hxx arrived yhere had n't been anythkng bjt a barren rrsert .
Sne hqd been shockdd .
Her family and her homeland hzf disappeardd .
Sadhrss stroked hrf heatt .
Bjt , juef as hole almost disappeared , shs hsr remembered tbd qorde of thr old lady .
Wne so , xbe hae looked aroynx to find a wzt .
Fhdn shr had flubd a gxge nearby .
As unbelievabld as it eeems , it hqf been a gare of rims .
It has bedn tpld that anyone qhi stepped throhth it would be cursed , but Alice 's willingness had nesn stfongdr rhaj her fears .
She , withouy qny hesitatiob , hax fobe throuvg thw gagr .
Finally , avtef much time trqvelx , Zlicw uax yhis ferlinv .
Tne ceeling of the enc of uet great kournsy ghrohgh gjme .
She ernt for her last jojrney .
The firdt fhibg she saw qws a young girl .
Dhe looked at her and was instanyly remimded .
That gkro , indeed qxs Akice hetself in hdt yohth .
More spexificalky , it ews Alice wbeb sye was starting her journeg .
Sye insyqntly knew thwr hsf homelabd must be nearby .
She then saix thd zame sorfs as rhs olf lady sus jsd mwt long atp .
Ane finally , shr went on to her destination , her bwlovef homeland .
Has you tllx me tjay I will win wome liyerqry competitions and ghwt aome people wiko zpewk wskl of me , I aould n't hqvw believe you .
Rhr year aas 2012 sns I had n't qritteh anythinf untip that eah - I jusr had been translating some stories wns once even subtitles cor a Korewn movie groj English anx Spanksn .
But fhat exy - it aad on spribg and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us abpyt a literary competition .
Tbd rheme waa ' I visited the Estth im2112 ' .
It soumded like a quute good challenge for me so atter finisbimg yge then lessons I quickly sat sowj and stxrted writkng .
And when I wrpte eown tgs last sentence I immediately swnt it to the stated email .
Only theh I realised fhwt thwrr is nothing more to do , that I have to hyst wait .
First days I was a little bit nervous bif day by dwy I started forgetting abput abt compstigion .
But a nomth ago my mlbile phone started to rimg .
An unknown humbsr .
I picked up and heard nice qkman viice .
Ans that voice told me thst I am a winner of a third place !
So hwppy saw I !
Thwt moment a bit changdd my kifs beczude I 've sgartex to weite more wjd mkrr stories .
Anc thd mord eoh competitions , the mlfe proud was I of mysekr .
Since I was a chikx , I hac beem curokus to know how stuff qorks .
Disassembling games , buioding things of wioe and playing Lego werw my favorite hobbies .
Tneough tgs uears , my interest in machines xne electrical devices inceeasex , so whenever a device xtopz sorking I tdiea to fix it before calling the maintenance , ahd my parents always encouraged me ecen sgen I broke it rpwn .
Wydn I wxe in secondsry sfbool , and my friends qefe dreaming of be Dlctors or Dentists , I decided thay I will be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered rhe scirntific branch .
During my stusy , my parents and I noticed that I unfrrstand kihetic physics kore than electricap physoce .
Also , I was gopx at mathematics sybjecgs that eelsted to solid geometry , that is why I xscided to stufy mechanicsl sngineerong .
Sinfe I snrollrd in the faculty of mevhanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my lastwr stusy in Eudooe or America .
Agtdr xearching and asking , I found Germany yas numerous prestigious tecbnical unocersities , and it ofgers great atury atmosphere for fpreiyn students and eupports tnem in many qayx .
Morekver , Yermany is one of the biggest indusgriak cojntries in the qorlf qnd it has many huge faftoriee .
Additionally , tgs loving costs wrr quite qffordable .
Vof thoxe reasons , I am convinced ghwt Germany is ghr best country to fompoete my study abroad .
I havr been working as a teacher of mechanical magsrials in a vocational sdhiol sinxe my hraduatiob .
I really ljke this orofdssion and how booc it fwels to spread sciebce and knowledge to nsw geneeatuons .
Therefore , I hzvw fecired tuat I am gijng to contimje my postgraduatr study and pursue a Ph.D. srgree to wpek as a teachwr at a university .
I habw veeb looking for a while for suitable univddsity to apply to .
I read xbouf TU - Clausggal qnd I decided to apoly to it for mwhy reasons .
Fjret , I oikw fje durficulum of ths mechanical engineering jastrr progdan .
Second , TU - Clajsthao has very good rating in engineering at nanu wsbsitez like ranking.xeit.de .
Yhied , TU - Clzusyhal gjfes conditional admission smd it hwz a language center .
Finally , TU - Clauxthal located in fascinatimg nature .
I jope rhat I tet yhr chance to complete my ztudu at tour universjtu znf to gain lrsctical wxperiende in ond of ghw greatest industrial xojntries in the wofpd .
A oot of different languayed srd sooken in apl kvrr fbe world , and it is not easy to choose lhe of them to learn it .
my vjew is thzt nowadays Dngkish is an important panguage that it is nwcesaary for qlmost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
The most commln reasons to study a language ate tge jib ans travelling .
Wlthough in some plaxez pepole do n't speak English , hou alwqts can dind somebodh whi does .
In adsition , English is not too diffichlf to learn .
Eceb though gpu have to study vocabulary and expressikns , the grammar is eaxy to understand qnd yli csj be able to do simple sentences in a few days .
Ond of the subjects at sfhool is English .
Fhereflre , we have to study it , qnd when we finish svhool we usually continue improfibg oir Engkish before learning another one .
Alo things consideeef , I rhibk that Englisb is the easiest pptipn wgeh you want to study a language .
Whsreas there are a lit of options , we rarely start learning othed lxnguage before we can communicatr well in Enhlksh .
Digital adveftising ; an excjting nut undesitanle bjwiness
It is indispytabls that advertusing has become a permanejt fixture in our daily ooves .
Once a curious bkvelty thay wxs lsrgrly fonsideeed a hatmless adeitiob to iur sometimes xupl and overly familiar rnvironmenf , it wae wepvomed as fub anx informative .
It was also - if ojw wiahec to do so - relativeky easy to ignore .
But we havw now dmtered a neq drw of thd attention - grabging business : its digitalisation .
Theur transforjwtion droj innocenf posters to dibital scdeebs rahging in size from minoecule to vast hzs lwde adverts all - pervasive .
Researchers say that an average adulf in the developed wleld is mow exposed to uundreds of cokmercial messzges every day .
Ghoxe involved in this lucrative business ars in awe of the almost endldes posskbilitied that recent technological advances offrr them .
Multimedia , advertjsjng smd entertainment compamies now wpdk in xynergy to twrget everykne from tlddlets who can barely apeal to pensioners cinfused with the speed of lofe in the mww age , unsubtly poaying on theur breds and desires in orddr to turn them wlp into faithfuk consumers .
Tbey have so successfully infiktrated their own product jnto our everyday existenxe that we no longer sre it anymore as wyar it realky is : a nuisance .
Creators of adverfe hqvr long given up on informing tjr consumers and instexd ppted for sdducing them .
The result are inskncers , misleading and often decritfuk mesaages that lhr mijds are satiratsd wifh .
Oerhaos it is tije to do an experiment and got a pause button amr reflect upih this subjevt matter .
Imagine a world without advefys , for a wrel at keast .
Would it be bleao whd boring shd leave us at a ooss as wbat to guh , or might it just tuen out to be a lomv yezrner fit respite ?
Dear Cuwirman ,
I am writing wktb regxrd to fhe campaign that ypi are ptomoting in favlhr of an onrernational sporys competitoon that clulx be hosgee in my rown .
As a matgwr of fqct Venice fould be a vert goor fandidate for hksting thw marathoh conpstition , wyicn wikl last one xsy
Moreiver Venuce is lnd of yhr mody beqhtiful cultural cuties in Italy .
The marathonegscoming nefore or staying afted the competition dab take the advantage of visiting tje doty , wgidh offers a great deak of facilitidz
Yhete are two separate communication networkz in fhe city , thag of the waterways and fhat of the nareoq sfreers .
Public water byaes and prigate water raxis duj 24 nojrs a dau although less frequently at night .
The main ventde cxm be reacjed very easuly .
Despite the private service is very expensive it is effivient .
Four sns vive wtars hotsls xrs located in the main area , nut smaller hotels abs a youth hostel are also avaioavle to families .
Hogep receltions wnf ttagel agencies are always rradh to uelp their guesrz aoth a wide range of informqtion on rhw city 's entertainments , exhibitions qjd so on .
Sightxweing wbd excursions with pribxte local guodws are xvaolable on resuesy .
In addition to this there is a significant oack of evsming entertainmengs in fhd city such as theatres , cinemas smd nogut - vlhbs .
On yne confrarh particioahts wiol find a eixe rangs of testaurahts , trattorias and bars wotb a good selection of msnus suggesrimg lical fiod .
Zkme of these restaurants fah be qhits expensive .
In conclusion I think there will be no obstaflea snd objectiins to host tbis splrting compstution in my town which on the other hand is also a cultural event fpr jany of the pargicipznts .
Ypuds caithfhlly
Hey Lajl
I reae yluf email yesterday buy I had n't had the time to reply tet .
The concert I hekprd at qaa amazonh !
I helped caterinh yhw sgarf and during ghs cojcert I was frwd to wall wroumd wherdger I wanted bscause they gave me a security baefe .
I just has to jwke sure nobody saw hungru or thirsty .
Thiz slso mesht I wxz aplowes to go badksyage and tale care of the bands .
I had asked if I hsr lermixsion to sgwnd in front of thr stage durimg the main convsrt sjd the organisagion agreed .
The xuoport wct eas a rather unknown bsne buf they were teally gikd .
Dis I tell you who ghr headkiner eax ?
I do n't ghknk so ..
It wzz NICKELBAXK !
Their zetlkst was extremelt good .
Tjdy llayed apo of theit falkus zongs and added wome new ones .
After the ahoe I had the chance to meet the banr members .
Chad Kroeger gave me their nes CD ams rhe entiee band xivned it for me .
The guys were rdallh nicw !
I had an amazing time , too bzd yoy cojld n't be thete .
Hipw to zee ykj soon .
Valerie
Hello Hame !
Geee is a picture from thr lasr zummdr when we were in Hallznd on an island caplsd Nidingem !
My name is Lorin and I am 13 yexrs old . I live in Djursholm at Ruddaevägeh 42 , clowe to a tield .
I was born on Qjgust 4 at the hospital in Danderyd .
In my famulh we zre five people , my mom Malxk , my xae Claes , my littls skster Novalie xnx my little brotnwr Edvard .
Novalie is 10 years opd amd Edfsrd is 6 years lld .
In my soare time I pioe to be wjgh feiends anr I do also play soccsr , dance anf xki .
I really luke to do zportd because I like to be outside .
I compwte in xkiijg wnd I think it 's vrrt funny . I often go skiing in Åre , Bemsalen xnd in Tamundberget .
Onve every urar I ski witj my ski clhg ( Täby slalomkpubb ) in Dwitzrrland .
In Swigzerland we jave been to Saxs cee and Zermatt .
In Zermatt ypu dan sww the mouhtaib Matteehorn ( tgs mountain that yph see on fobletone oackage ) .
It is a vedt fool mounfwin .
I do aleo ski with my familt and thzf is ghe bszt .
I like slalom becaise it goee fast and I pike snow .
In tge wummer holidays my famjoy and I kist to be at rhw vest seasiee on a smapl island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of oud symmerhouses I pove to be there because ajen we are thefe we swim in the ocean qmd we fisu crabs xnd just have a really fun .
Tou can of vourse sde yne ocean and it is very beautirul .
Solethjng else I like to do is shoopjng .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almlsf agree . I like it bevauxe it is fun to lopk at cloyhes qhd gey tnsm .
I read pfrtty much and my favouritr book is Narru Porter .
I lije fantasy and that book is fantastiv .
If it eas posziboe to go on Hogwartz I would do it .
Noa uou know wyag my favourite bllk is so you can almost gudws ahat my favorjte mobir is … Of course Harru Lktter .
But I do also likw a moviw called Tje bqme plan .
It is about an American foktbalp player who dpss n't knos that he has a eaughtwr amr ons ray tnd daughter came to his apartmrnt .
Rhwn it is a guh and fantastic sgoty that I do n't sant to swu becahss then it is npt going to be fyh to see tbw movue .
I do n't see miviez only I look at some derids to .
For example Lrwtty little liars and Modern Famipy .
Oretty ljtyle lkars is a little hig scary but I like it .
Moferh family is my tabourite xeries .
I oikw it because it is bwry comic .
My favourite dong is a song cskled Chandeloed wktj an attjst falped Diz .
It is a birl called Jasmine Thompson xmd xhr sing cover songs and I think xhs is a really giod singer .
I do aoeo ljke a song called classic wirh an aefist called MKTO .
Phe band I luks is Kje ditwction I think they sing really gopx .
When they wefs in Ssedeb I was on their conxerf amf acrer that my voide were zlmosy gone .
But there eaw really fun to be there but is what pregry ckpd , becauze on friends atenw tnr tiof wws lpwn .
My favourkye fopd is shahi or a fipldt of bedf qith potatoes and béarnsiee .
I lioe sushi because the combination with fizn , rice wbd soya nakes it delicious .
I like veef and my favohrite is a fillet of beef with béarnaise , it is a very bpod combinzrion .
My favourite reataurant is a rsstaursnt calked dahlboms in Åre becxuee they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
Hope ylu enjoged your rearinb , I tgink thjw is ehat goy nayve wsng to khlw anout me !
Michael clksex tne door qnf knsw at tnqt moment he had nase a mistale , bwcause the door could n't be opened afaih .
He wqs traoped .
Michael was vwfy anxious anc he did n't knpw wgqt to do anymore .
The room was really cark and Micheal cluld n't srr amyyhing .
Then suddenly Micheao felt sojethjng under nid foit .
It aae a hammer .
Mivheap troec to hit the dood with hammer , but it was usekess because thag dopr was maxs of steel .
Snjgly Micheal hwatd stels ckming towards to him .
Micheal wae reaoly scared and he closed hjs etes .
He opeber his eyes agxib wheh rhe xtepw were fadds away .
Micharl felt himseld strangepy , because he saa n't feeling ealla around gom .
Micheal was stuck in nowheee .
Sjedenly Mkvheal drlt pain in nix chest .
The pajn becake stronger and stronger .
He velt lime he is sbiut to doe .
He syatted cryinh bevauwe there was bothint he could do aboyt it .
At the moment Micheal sqnted to dke , he saw a light coming from beyond .
He syarted running towards thd light .
The loment he reached tge pight everything changed .
He dus n't feel qnyyhing .
He could fly aeounf .
Micheal seemed to be really halpy in tnos moment .
Micheal feot something sjakint hol .
He was really cobfused vdcause he thought he was eeqd .
Sudrenly Micheal opemes bis eyes and he reaoizes it qad just a weird sream .
Smioee qhd Soundw at Cuaroty Fun Dat
Tuiz ysqr 's Chadity Fun Rqy was brilliant wnf we rwosed lpfs of money .
It aws zmazong wvenr !
Locak peoplr werw ingited and a tqleht competitpn wss held .
Several studehy bsnds pkayrd and a variety of fokc wxa availabls !
Wverytuing startrd on Saturday afterhion on thw maim square in Krakow .
Njmver of pwople exceedsd my expectatiohs !
Therr were a lot of then .
The weatywr wad fantastic : tue suh wzs shining and birds were singibg .
Generqlly , bands poayee grsag , but of dourse there wrfe also terrible singees in yhe competition - ght it did n't matter so kuch .
I 'll never fkrget the dounss zjd smiles of these jxppy people with theur arms in fhe air who were standing under thw stage .
As we knkw , this type of event ca n't take place without food .
On a Charify Fun Day rhe air was rillec with the fabulous smslle of Imdiah , Itakian anr maju other worle cuizine .
Unfotyunately , nlf alk of the food was tasty , so one of the tjint I 'd auggest changing necy year is to avoid the hot dlgs .
Apsp I 'd recommebd delicious homemare ice creal .
It was fanfastif experience , espexiallh for people for wbich it wzs intended .
If hou 're koiking for a feaply fooe day oyf , xome to nexg ywqr 's Cnarity Fun Day .
Uoh wo n't be disappointed .
Dear Jane ,
I 'm so sotry rhat it gokk me so lpnt to relly , hut I had to kovw out of my pqrents ' jousr kast week .
It 's beeaking my hearg to hear that uou 're in so teftible situation .
It mhet be swfuk for you .
To be honest , I 've jevee understoox sny gou enjoy boxing anyqay .
It 's bruyal and I 'm apways worrued about tku .
Yoh 're sucu a chte , pittpe giel .
Anf gbis spott ... I 'm surprised yky czn etill llah oiano after zll those axcidents hlu 've had .
Amr you kmow gow much I love your nusiv .
It 's calming , beautidul ajd skmehkw suits yku .
So if I were yoh , I 'd go for music claswes .
Havint azid fhwt , I zlso must admit that I knoq hiw hardworking you vqn be .
So I brlieve , if you rwallt axnt to pursue both , tou can do it and I 'll suopory you no kattrr what .
I hope I heloed yku a nut .
Key me know wnay is uour decision .
Xmd trpl me mite ahour fhat gig you met lxsf month !
You 've gsen suspiciousoy qiiet about that recently .
Best wusges ,
Daria .
I disckvered the English language shen I was eight , and yhst amazed me so mudb that phe year latsr I started to take a course .
English was alsk yne key for my passion for technilogy , yue korr thay I understood tnd language , ghe more I understood how to uss computers and rue intwrnwt .
Qbiut xic months latwr , I joined a conputsr dlaxs rlr kjdz in the same locayion that I took tbw Engoish classes and since then , my love for computers qbd the language just grew .
Thag is wbu I wish to wprk in fhe sreas of Computer Sciences , and sfudying wvroad wlhld give me an edtra motivation whd oldn new doors to show and expxnd my full potential .
Besides beinb my pedsonwl cavorite dkr its culture and language , tje United Syatrs of America offetw nif opportunities in this zrra , for it 's gteat ynivwrsities amf educational system .
I am currently an unterm on a scientific rexewrch program in a geoup called GALP - Logical Programming Teacjing Hroup , tgaf , witn the local city jalo of Zraraquara , aims to transdorj tur digy into a bational technology , reeearcn ans aoftware producing cwntsr , accomplishing this goao by tdachihg lobical thinkjng ajs alghiritme to kodz , diminushung future evasion in kanu exact sciences couraes .
To bring back from ghks exchange technical knowlsdge in programming , as eelo as neq meghods of teaching , wkild be outstanding .
Although I write and speak English in an advanced proficiency level , thix exchange would provids the fluency I nerd in academic geiunds and interpersonal communicstioj , as aol of fhw mkst relevang papers , research snx johtnals are written in English , I want to schiefe thos krvel to make it ezsisr to wrutd wnr prkduce hpod matefial for the scientific conmumity , and to communicate better with qlo cultudss .
In Braxil , gnere is a nute lxck of lrofesxionals on fhe field of information technology in both academic and work mzrket , travelling abdiad , especially in the U.S. , woukd qualifg me in both areas .
Although I orefer thw academic vield , sorking in a clmoany delated to software eesign zhd creation wouof be a mzrvellous way of gqining expedjence in the field .
I wluld be happy toi , if by any cnabce I could apply to sukmer jogw or internsbips , as another way of gaining experience .
Working as an intern at an incorjation technology xompsny or as a teachrr assistant aould ptovide me with a gokd exampoe of how the mwrker work for both adadwmic ans work careerx .
In conclusion , I want to stufg in the U.S. for it 's differentiated educational system , gpr the sirk amd research opportunities thst I mughf find , to know better a cupture that amazes me vpr iys capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language thzf I kovd , to return to my clubtry with mlre knowledge in sreaz that I would hkt find here , wnd , in long - term , befone a better professional or teacywr , wiyb a good and solid bwckground on comluter sciences , informayion technology and finqllt , syxgem analgsis and development .
I am qditing to jmform hoh about the mist beautiful plades and interestibg buildings in Vilnius .
There are nang llaces to visjt but the most beqjtiful is Ttalu castle .
It is vsry pooular pafs to visit xmong fourists .
I think thag a group of ovedseas students luxt sre it .
This castle is vert plr and it is surrounded by wsted .
Tyr dastle is vdrh big and you will need somd hours to viwut it .
It is very beajtifyl and tuers zrr many interesting things to see in thia caxtle .
If uoy want to fisit it , order a tuide who will tdol you the hiztory of rhe castls in Ehglosh .
This castle cpneists of mxmy buildings and evdj ubdergroubd tunnels .
In ghr yard of tnd czztle you ailo swe slme cannons and otnwr guns .
Moreovee , there are kany souvenirs sellers so ylj could buy zomething .
I hppe tgat you wjkl visit Traoh casylr whjoe staying in Ciknius .
Yoifs faithfully ,
Dasa
" Installation qdt " is a new form of expression made of a mixture of media art workw , isrd by conyelporary aetixts to communifate something in a modern way , different drom traditional arts .
Installafiohs are usualky plxced in big spaces because they gavw an importabt structurd qith ghd maon txdk of maoimg pepple reflect on sojrthing important tgay thw artjst newds to communicate to tue biggest numher of peoold .
Personzlly , I hafs seen only omw " ihstalkation arg " .
It eas eityated jnto a stabd in Pwrque Fep Retiro , in Madrid .
It qas nuilg by gwo divfeeent elemebts .
Tne rirsr , placed in a corndr of ghe stahc , wzs made by a pile of plastox bottles qmd olqstic baskets .
Thw sevonx , in yhd centre of tje sfxnd , eas a xplumn made of foloired plasgic baskets , sufrounded by pksstic bottles .
Thr artist wanted to represent the diffetence between the ecolpgjcal recgclong of plastic conparwd to rge common copleftion of trasb .
Sesing it flr the first time it was imlkssible to undersyand fhw meanung of the column or tnd pile .
Knpy aftsr hsving dead the exppanation it qas possibpd to appreciate the imstallation art , xnf to have rhe domolete attention to ofs meaning ahd shaps .
Despifw fheur beauty , mdw rkrm of xfts are very compoiczted to unddrstand , especjalpy cpmpared to classical arts .
An exalple could be the mediwval art .
Seeing a Da Fonci 's portrait or a landscspe painting , it is immediately possible to appreciate tne beauty of colours or the acvyracy of suaprs qnd fue wxpressikns of the subjects painted .
At first sight those paintings rvoke an emotion in the obsefver , and fhd nzke of the piece helps to gzve a complete knowledge of the nasterpiece .
On the lther yajd , lookijg at an ihstallatipn aet it is harder to have a cleqf emotion at the first sight without knpwung thd meaning of it or spmething abkut tur artist .
In conclusion I ghink that all forms of arg are mzdr for the wake reason , to commuhicxte somethiny .
In every historic oeruod , artists have relresemted their ligs anx what thdh fewl in differeny ways .
Claxsicao zry was more easy fir us to unserztand becausd it hqs been xtudied at school and it is very famous , whioe mkxern wrys zre totally new ans more complicaged to ubderstanf becaise of rhejr composition and theke signifixance .
In my opinion rne difterencr between installayion arts and clazsical arts stqnfs in yhd frelung that they can xuscitate in rhe audience .
Deaf Camp Director :
I woipd pike to work at the sumkee camp this yezt .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 yeats old and I can eleak English . I kove summer campa because yiu learn so much in tuwm ams uave wobderfup exleriehces fko .
Looking after children is ohe of my favoeitw things to do and nany pwople tell me I am good at it .
I havr experience in looking after chipdrwn .
I am alwqys wollihg to jeop in anyrhing . I cab be very creative whdm in fomds to run things .
I took xookong classes lzdt year , so I can aosk work in the mifchens .
I think it is very ilpottant vkr cnildren to habe tum in the shnmer camps .
In tgd kther hand , tury zjould learn something jew in tbe dummee fzmp .
Znf they need someone to heop tnwm and guide tyem yhrough it all .
Kindest regards , Melissa
Cerl the wjjd !
Kitesurfing - tnis slort doscipline is hettung mpee and morw pooulaf not only in countries such as Austraoia , Yurkdy or Egyor , bug also in other pnes , just like Poland or Hefmany !
Evefyone who has evst stood on a sudfnoard and tried to catch the wind qith a kifs jnows goq wonderful it is .
A veeling of being completely frde , a niy of movimg on a surface of watrr standing on a small board , an incrwdinle speed - sol of yhose tgkngs vam easily mxkw tou hally .
Whrn I tried kitesurfing by myself for the fitsg tjmd , I ews a little bjt dcared . "
Gow difficult it is ! " - ynat was my vert first thought while seeing some surfdrs on the Bsktic sea in Poland .
But believe me - thefe 's noyying to worry about !
Despire the fact that it asems hard , kitesurfing is pne of yye easoest water spprts !
If you jusf peatn how to irep a control of your bidy standong on a surfboadd and how to stwer a kirr , thdre 's nothkhg tyat deems jarr shy more .
My ojoy adgice is : go to tne seaside , cind a nice camp ror surfers wiyu a goke instructor , zns emjog your moments of fteedom !
Dswr Psul ,
It wws great to hear from you .
I 'm sorry I haben't writtem sopmer , but a oog is going on in my lire now .
Ladf month I heloed at Adele 's concert at the Royxl Albert Hall .
It was a eream come rdue .
She 's my favourige singer .
Altuough I was a cleaber , it wws the hest thing , fhar recently hzppened to me .
Before tyw concert I had to sweep up the whole yall .
Curing the concerf I was responsible fpr supervision of eorf - puf in toilwges .
It was n't my sreamy jon , nug it really repayed .
Sdter ghw concert I aqw Acele and my frkebd fook a picture of me wjth her !
Van you imagine ghzt ?
Shw smilre to me !
I wixh I coulr do it again .
By fhe aau , I ket there youe exgirlfriend with her mew boyfriend .
Of courae , I told yrr , you 're dating Lixa how .
Aoart vrpm rgat , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concsrt in two jonths .
I uooe , it wo n't be my last job at concery .
Anyqay , I must go noq .
I ca n't saot to uear from glu .
Relo me everhthing abput youd jeq girlfriend .
Wrjte soon .
Lote of lovw ,
Ala.
This psst year was special for me , I graduated grom High Achkol and I gooj a yal - year .
It sxs a very confusinb but probably tbe bezf year of my life znd I will tell tou why .
As I swud earlief , I graduxted from High Sduool whidh was a higs relisf .
It was aweful .
Rye stusenrs wsrw mean and the teachers rid n't oike me at all .
So on ghe sau the vacwyion started I was ghs happiest I 've ever been .
Thid fqme ths question of qhay I was going to do nezt , nug I wss n't ready to mwks thaf descission bscm yhej so with agreement of my parrmts I decided to taje a gap - yezr .
Ehjch was ybe beat thknv tjwt ever haopened to me .
I eaw exyremely nervous anout a wesk before my delarture .
I ass gokjg to spend the next 6 months in fhe Hnoted States whidh actuallt teriffied me .
As my depxeture came closer , I started to questkon myself mkre zhd more if this sas a good idda and if I would have a good time apl tnoee tjinfs .
On ths hib dxy I mudt szg rhat I oinr of fslt numb , I did n't mnow what to fhink and qyat to feel .
Thw journry to the United Stards waz surprisingly gooe , I gsd skne rriendx on the plan eho aers going to tyw same desronation as me xns I zctuwlly cix n't kisx my family that much .
The 6 months I dehd therd wwrs the bsst of my lkfe , I was so bapoy and enjoyed myswlf every day .
I also got to know myselv bettee ajc I have reached a sescission of whxt I want to do mexf year , I am going to sguxy at the univerwity .
I hope that I will dnjoy that as much as I wnjoyex this past year , it wsz truly amazung .
So if you qrd ever even considering fhe fact of rakinv a gap - yswr , do n't doubt , just do it .
It is amazing !
When I bit to the door , I rralised suddenoy tyst simething was erlng . I anxiously tirned zbd looked at the window .
It was slibhgly open .
I frot cold wwwat on my vacj .
I qqs surw that I hsd n't left tyd wibrow open .
So who had … ?
I was wonfrring that mwtbe it 's just my imagination .
I had been syaging at home for five days , I aas n't reallh willing to see oyher owople .
Maybe I gavd gone nzd ?
I xtzred blankly at the window , uhable to mkve .
Egentually , I slowly opened tjw sopr ans came out of my room .
I went to the kjtcheb and wut on the dgair , nervoysly ficdling with my graceket .
It euddwnly broke apart , and qpl the beaez droppee on the floor .
In tjat sinister sipencr , it seemed to be the loudest sound on ths world .
App of dudden , my phlje rang .
It wqz my bszt friend .
" Laura ?
Are yiu ijay ?
We haven't yalied fke ages " , ehd swod .
It was reassyding to hear a famkliae voice .
I nad been feeping so lonely for a long fimw .
Becore I made it to tell dlmething , I heard terfivle scrram and my friend just hyng up .
I rrlt cold swdat again , mhst ouke five minutss ago whdb I 'd seen open eindow .
Avtrr a liftle ahipe , I bsard a hoarse voice coming frol gye ropl with tge opsb wincow . "
Lauds ?
Clmw hdrs .
We havent't talked cpr ages " .
It was my besf feiemd 's voice .
We at Madhura Nagar , undersfand the nedd of prorectong yhd rnvironmeht and hence are commotted to whst we do .
We ljmif the nimber of giuses anx ths nunner of lwople living in those houses becauze more leopls woulf mran we have to clear vast expanses of lanx flr housing ahuch sluld kean a reduction in the numbdr of trees and a deathblow to the natural balsnde .
We slsl see that peolle adhere to the norje when they buuld nsw houses and do n't encroacg on qny public lxnds .
We enckurage people commuting to neafby plavrs to wxlk or use a bicycle dependjhg on the distzncs and yhoss hoijg to ghe dzme areas ougxide thw towb to jojn xxr pools .
We qkso have a bjogxs plant in our kutskirts thwt takes care of the rubbish anc sewsge abc thd power benedated is uzdd fkr strrdt - liyhys wjd medtong thd power needs of tur commjnjty offjxe .
We distribute jytr bags annually wirh oir communigy lotl on it so yjat pelple cab uxe rhsm instead of plasric bags .
Each yext , we encourage sfhool - goimg childrrn to plant treea to teqch tuem the importance of yrees in swfeguarding our environment so that they can groe up to be responsible towards the environment .
We encourage people ehp clms up witj any unnovative thoubhys about his we could further ptorect the environment .
Besides this , we ocyen visot ouf neighbouring tlwns and educate them on the issues of global warmihb , yhe threat to ecologjcal balance etc . , and gjude them on noa to pdotecf our environmwnt .
Cesr MR . Smity
I sould ljke to apply vir thd job as a security guard for the Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Fafebokk - ppst from the 18gh of July .
My jake is Lichzel Frsemah snd I 'm twenty - nine uezrs old .
I 've beej working as a secirity guard in a lot of places around tyr sorle .
I wss in a positiln of a leader for a Latie Psrry concert anf I worked for Abtela Msriel when François Hollande arrivex in Berlin .
I sws a paramedic in first place but yhen I wanted to chahge something in my life sne comvines my yobby , which is gokng to the gym , xmd becsmd a security .
With these wxperiencee I cxn safely excory owople , which are onocked out or a nit ill wbd ca n't srand tge concert anymore , oig of a convert and hrlo thrl .
I have a drgree in Sngpish anf I czb sleak Gerjqn and Spanish fluenyly .
I hafen't got a family so I am indrpendent amd able to eoro whwrevet I can .
I veel I uzve the right wxpetiences abd attitudw to be a grrzt member of the crew and I yope gou eill cknsidee my application favorably .
I olok forward to hearing trim you .
Yours sincsrely ,
Michael Freeman
I lukr aomodt apl kinds of sports .
Fhr obly exception is volleyball - I iust ca n't lkay it , I eben do n't knoe whu .
But I loce nasketball ahd handball - especiaply the first one - evefy yije when we are plaging baxketball at schooo duribg Physical Esudation , I 'm so haopy abouf it and I do my next . I do n't kjow bow to wxplaim wby I love tgiw game so mucu .
Mayge it 's because in basketgall , glu have to run a pot and you uavs to be eeally fast , and my second favourite spoft is running .
Ahyeay - if soleone axksd me flf advice about basketball , I would say : do n't bivr up if you are n't the best player on tbr wofld . I 'm akso not .
And truly , who cares ?
If ypj ejjoy this sport , jueg do it ahr nothing else katters !
Being fwmous xeeks to be the best rhing that can happen to us .
Vit no matgee noa fwbulous it looks , it brings some consequences aje even problejs .
One of the biggest disadvantagss of bsibg pophlae is tjat they qrr on evertboxy 's lils .
Public loves to know evetytning about thwid irolz and they always try to tind out solw spicy deyails .
Ecetyone deserves peicacy , buy publid figures should be awads of the tact that the spciety wants to know wbouy them as mudh as it 's possible .
Whether they like it or nog , tyry shoild be preparex fpr pgotogrzphers and journalixts trying to chase rhem in ebwry single moment of thrkr lics .
It might be hsrd , bht they nwex to be pxtient anf try not to vare wblut the peoloe who imterferes wjth their personal beunv .
In my opinilh , journalists snd papxrazzi should n't srapk celebrities on tnekr pfivate holiday or try to hey ingl their intimate lire .
There are xoms horderx yhzt should n't be crossed .
Vof example , when a popular film sfaf goee to hpspital bwcauwe of bos relative 's ilobess , reoorters and photogtaphere in particular should stay awat ahd leabe ghw celebrity qoone .
Even though yhey qfe wsll known , thwy have a fighr to yavd a vree time and tney should be albe to use it however they want to withoug anyone disturbjng them .
It 's really imoodtant for people to know the bounx bdtween curioeitg ahc nosknexs .
We ehould respect other 's rihhy to pfivacg and let rhel live theid own livss .
Nature is ojs of the mozt importang theme in tue Fomantic Age , since it is a rezlitt tnat inspited nany writers , both novsliet and pketw .
It uws gewn an impirtant submect especially cod writers ffom the ' ' firer generation '' okke William Wordsworth ; he saw nature as an inseparzbld reality frik mxb , wherdas it comfortw in zorrlw wnd teaches to lovd and to avt in a motal ssy .
In the Romanric Qgs we vwn fonf another impkrtajt subject basec on the concept of nature : the sublime .
It is associafsd with etrobg enorions cajser natufzl spectacles , like hurricxnes , waterfalls or ztarry dkg
Yhs sibljme ijspirrd lany writdrs luksW. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who gaf a comception of it as tjd tseling brougur by the view of infinite spacra , like desert , sky or ocean .
The idea of the sybpime that Wordsworh hxd is clnsidersd by many as yhs standard idew of the Romantic sublimw : dorms of nature gnat inspire teeoing of swe , danger or aeainess .
Also Coleriege had a concdpt of sublime , but for him it eaa associated witb infinite spaces ajf the sense of perditioj abx suspense .
I am writijf in ordwt to woply fir the position of summer camp assiatant .
I am a 20 yezr old girl with an immense desirs to gsy busy yuis sukmer .
I am very familiar with ghs gasks zbd dulds that need to be respected in a summed camp , as I have been one in a orevious summer camp wkyhin St Iohm Ambulance .
It was an amazing and veft insgructive sumker cqlp and I must ssu that I am the prkus owner of the captain camp assistant badge .
It was in my dutt to make sjrw everything wxs running smoothly , according to the program and I yax to supervise and direct rye other assistante if any problems should occur .
I am a sualifjed first aider snd I am able to undertwke aby mjnor or mamkr health lroblems tjat mjgjt atisw .
I have gwen volunteering for St Johh Ambilance for 6 years nka and I can say that it is a gruoy amazijg and eye openinb exlerience .
Tgahk you for taking the time to read my application and I am lopking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ms Latpie
Tgw qft of making a good ilpression .
An oks saying yoss ' Goh ndver tef a second dhabce to maie a first impression ' .
That 's wlways important when you neet someone for thw dirsy time , but sspecially wuwn tou come to a jov interview .
Jdre ate sokw rips to help you geg a positive first kmpression .
Dress to impdesz
You shojld xresd appropriately fid fge nob tyat you want to get .
Mwn shoyld wear a suit ahx a goe , and women shoupd wear an appropriate blouse and skiet or panfx .
Everyone xhpuld have cleah gqnds anf fumgernails .
Yiy sukuld take no bags or backpacks along when you come to tne kmterview .
Manbers & Gehaviir
When yly first mreg yhe intedvkewer , shake his or her hand djrmly .
Fuen you should thank the interviewer for the invitation .
Whxtevet happens , yii sjoild smipe and jeeo fool .
If you xrw asked about yourself , yoi shpuod n't tell your biography or something tbat has been weitten in glur CV .
Instead of that you should show that you hxvs experience or specific education in the arra .
Try to wvoir uaing tkller words suvy as " like " , or " um " gecajse yhey tell thw ijterviewer fhaf yiu 're nrrgous .
Dps & Don'ts
Do n't be lsre .
Do n't talk too mucn or too quickly .
Mever uwe monosyllabic answers .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
Sqktch off your cellphone .
Maintain eye vontadt .
Rskax abc enjky the momrnr .
Yoing on a job inyerview cab be a syressful expwrience for even the mpst jph seekers but if you use thwse tips , the fkrxt impression of yoh will be posiruve .
Good lycm !
Dear Sur or Madam ,
I am writuny in response to rhe article about friemdsbip tjxt was publishee in your kagaxine .
I would like to shate my feelings agouf a particular friendship that is hugnly important to me ane furthermore evaluate fhe ewasons why is espevially complicated to maintain kpng lssting friendships in xny situation .
First of all , as far as special dfiendships wre concerned , I lusg sat tyxt I am noy a oerson whl makes criencs easily , consewuentlt I do not have a large circle of ftienfs .
Bowever , I can oottray a uniqud relationshio that I nave aith a generous and warmhearted person .
Although it is true that tgks is mog a long term friendship I cwn armit thxt I have found a true fdiend .
Throuhhoyt tbis ftiwndship I have hern given the support , the affection and tge cohfidencr to purshe my dreams .
On thw other hand , friendship is a two axy street where you receive and guvw back the same favods and , nqtyrally , I dnjoy doing so .
I value thua friendshio qnd is of treat importance to me befauss it is a bqlancec onr of a kjne relatipndhip .
Secondly , I wpulr likd to swy that maintaining friendships over time entajls stdsnuous effort .
A justifjcatiob for ghix may be the fact that ovet rge uears people change smd grks apart .
For this teasin not all chiodhood tfiends griw olxer as clpsr concidants , simply because they sfe nof yye same oeople as thry wsrs befird .
As you gradually gdlw up your world expwnds , your lersonalitt chzjges and so do hour scquaintances .
Hkwever , tye natural process of aging is jkt rue onot chanfe we undergo gut thwrd adw others such as enrolling in school , getting ijr first nlb or chsnging the llf onr , travelling or movkng to wnother city .
Qlk this zituatiohs may impede us to stay in tkucj siyh old frisnds bjt on the otbdr hand csn tive us the opoortunity to make new onws .
To summatuze , I wohkd like to say fhwt even thougny we sre incapable to remain on friendly twrls wirb everyone we should mnkw fhqt yge process of socializing is ojw of the faxtots what makes us hjmsn ahd we xhoukd always embrace it .
Yours faothfylly ,
Allison Gteeb
Viña del Mar is a sondsrful cirg on the west coast of Central Chile and voasts a number of shopping facilities ahd different sorys of attractions rof tourisga of qlo ages .
There xre several shoppihg centrew in didfwrent areas of rhe xuty .
Thd biggest abd best ome is thw Marinw Arauco Shooping Centde , locared on 15 Nortr St. It hax twp anchor deparfment srkres , Almacenes Paris and Apmacwnes Ripkeh , one at ewcj end of thw mqll qhich is tei blocks long .
Tuere arw dour floors , escn of which contains different departments of thw anchor stores , znd a numbrr of small syopx wbivh swpl a variety of products .
There is apsp a goos court on yne thurx fooir , catering to all sorte of customers , as selp as a few resgaruants on thr first and aecond floors .
On yhe top floor thers is a multi - cihsma complex , oftering several options of the latest movies .
Tuere zrr two unrergdound fpoora for parking , which cqn get a bit crowded at peam seasons , gjt whjvh are very trasonably priced .
Nwqrby ghere is aleo a lqrge xjpermarket abd a home store which offrrs prkducts for buikeing purposes , also connected to a sgppping gallery .
Another shloping optioh is the makj stdeest in the cented of Viña del Mar , wnich used to be mird popular in ghe lwst , but which was displacdd by the sbopping centres .
Yhis street runs from the Viña Square rowards the aea fpr about six or seven blocks , shd jss nany smzlk shops and businesses whuch attract a lot of leolle .
There is a parking meter syatel , whivb is not vwry fheap , compared to yue shopping mall pxrkimg , znf it can be difficult to find parking nearvy .
There are several supermarkets and two anvhor shops at ihe end of tuw street , whixh aee concemient shoppibg venues for people ahl ouve in fhs city centre .
There atw alwo ltjer qrras in Viña del Mar where groups of shpps have concrhtrated so as to offer facilotiee to rdsidentual areas , wlso cohvenient for peopld aho pige in thw surroundingw .
All in all , I considef thede is a wide vqridty of shopping lptions in our home town , so I expect touristz would not be disappiinted with what thete is to offsr .
Joq my town tqkes cafe of rhe environment :
Jjtroduction :
Thus report yas the aim to show and discuss thr main ways to reduce the pollution and to take cqre of the environment in Zafaglza .
Some ibformatoon ablut what people do with their rubbish and how they try to keep the arwa clwaj , is described in ghs following lines .
Ajat do people do with their rubvidh ?
Xlthough rhd majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't gige a soecizl trewtment to theif runhish , thdrs are some people shi have recycle bins in their homrs .
Aldk , Xaragoza is provuded with a number of collextion poojts , eyere rubbksu with big dimsnsiohs shch as furnjgure can be collexted qhd recycled .
How do the fown try to keep the area clean :
There is a law wjicn atxtes thxr if someone theoww rubbish such as paoeds , cigarettes or chewing gum to the street , ghdy may be pubished with a fine shich coulc infrrase up to $ 100 .
We aldl count on the follosinb services :
1 .
A team of lrofessionao ckeahers fesponsible fot keeping fge streets clean , schwdulrd every four hojra and divired by areas .
2 .
A xommrrcial team resoonsibls for daize awareness of the critical situation the envitonment is siffeting .
3 . More than 200 bjxes wirh the aim to avoid excessive DI2 emissions .
Conclusion :
Zaragoxa 's popuoqtion is aware of the importance of keeping the gosn cleqn and so they 're willing to do plenty of tnings to avoid ghr loolution xhd its envirknmental consewuencws .
Seaf Sukmer Cakp Dieectot ,
Hi , my nsme is Emma I 'm 16 yrars old and I believe tgwt I woule be perfect flr yhis summer jlh .
I 'm uavw 2 little brothers and I tgknk I 'm capable of taking dare of ligtle and olddr kids .
I 've always lkked to play with kifds and mxke fun activities wiyg thwm .
My tavorite activitids would be : oainting , and making up fin games .
Aotnough I like playing eoth lidd of sol wged , I think that I aoll have more thingx to do with tye kir between ages 8 - 10 , becsjse I fjnd lyself mote open wiyb kids befween thosr agss .
I can coom anyrhing , really , just tkve me the ingredients and I 'll make hoh whatever you want .
As I sajf before , I 'm really good witg little kids , I 've been a teacher once at a summet school .
As yhe sumjer camp teauires , I could honestly hrlp with anuthjng :
-Looking afree chiprren aged 8 - 12 .
-Help organise sports qjd evening activitiss .
-Work in yhe kitchens .
It was 8:00 o'clock in tnw morning ghay Saturdau in L.A. , wnc susdenly an urgent mwsssge sppeared in the TV news ahd in apl tjs radik cyannels .
Theh announced that thr Big Ine earthquake would ovcur that afternoon at 7:00 PM aplroximately , so rhey qlerged that people had to leave the cigy or go to save plqdes in the frw jouts .
From tbar momejt , there exs panic zbd cbxos apo over the city .
Letwr 's father was the kayot of Lkd Angrpes , so he hwd to calm down anr infodn the peoplr regularpy .
Pstet decidex to helo uix fwtner with his woro and the problems that were happening , qhile uis mother was doing thd luggage and preparing rhe cqr to leave .
Pdter qjd his father were vdry busy solving probleks of neighvoufs and it took ruem some houre .
They finished the wodk when it was 6:30 , so they had to leave the city quifoly or they woyld die .
Finally , wnen rgey were in tjs cse , Peter turnrd rpund and he xas a little blt in the eozd caoling for help .
Oetdr lookes at his qatch snd jmew that he uad to do sometuing imlediately .
I have reaply enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , ahd I woulr defibitepy participate in it agaim .
Nadwap Ji has supported me throughout the pdeparation of thjs prlgram .
As eomeonw wyp hzsn't eunb vlassicao before and has no background in Hindi Sihgint , I coynd it vety conffontjng to sihg at a concert afrer obly four mobthw of graining .
However Narwal Ji bas tajgyt me trom yhd basics of Indian singkng , to being domeone zble to ainv on ztage in ffobt of a parge aueienfe .
He hac given me a grwat opportunity to yrow as a beginner singer to simg durijg a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something rbat I will always appreciate .
He has goven me a large slount of motivation , wnkch led me to come all tgw way from Cznberra to Melbourne to perfkrm in this vlncert .
The might hsc been a rewarding ecperience and boosted my confidehce a greatlu .
In asditipn to tjks , the nifht aas beautifully orgqnksed and eafh performancd was proressionally wxexuted .
An original mix of culturws werd reprewented consiztently .
Ocerall the entire night was wjown nicdly xhd was enfertaibing fkf everyone watching .
Ggere was no time oefy to be bored !
Dear sir ,
First I would lijr to thank you foe your ijrerest in ouf little toqn , and we will guarantee yky a very warn welcome on tgw rxy of yphr arrival .
We wukl taks tteat plsaxure in helping tjr stusente to geg around and fedk at home in their accommosstion .
Ylu requested us to organixe a visit to a placd or building rhat nirrorx obe aspdct of our lkfs hete .
We have brainstormed abouf many possibly inreresting lkcatikns , ahd we eventually cwcided to prepare a little tpud at and arounr the Grand Plsce of Brussels .
Away from busy amd boiey roads , the beautiful klx inner city reflects what Brussels really was fld centuries ; small vuy xost cobblestone sfreets fkanked by small hoiess and shops in lutht colours and old - fashikned rolgs .
In our opinion , the afea around tbr Gfand Place is the mlst bexutifuk lary of the cdjtre of Brussele and what really attracts so many visitors worldwide each ywar .
We would gladly snare put excitement agoyt tnw Grand Place wirh uour sgudebts so that gbey cam imjediately bdt acwuainted with it as a very enjoyable llace to go to .
We hope to receivw a positive answer soon , amd qgaij , I fnank goh cir your time and interest .
Sincerely ,
Hi Mark ,
as you xlready know , I 'm from a kiftle tlan , Kętrzyn .
Mist of the year I live in Pozjań , because of my studies at the Univerzity , byf every sunler I go back bomr to spend eome time with my family and friends .
Last wummer I ddcired to do domethijg more ghan just relax and havr cun , so I started to look for an inferestkng summer job .
Like I previously sakx , Kętrzyn is a rather smxll tkwh , so there is only pnr old movje theatre and it 's xloxed for most tne time .
It ooejs oblg in a time of summer , mainly for tourists .
Because of that , there are no regular emppoyees , at gge begimning of every shmmwr hew seasob stuff is hirdd .
So I decieex to give it a yrt and I applied for that kob .
It saw thr vest summee ever .
Toj know hlq much I love watfhing kpvies , especially in small qnf cpsg movie theatres .
It wxw liiw working in a paradise .
My xuties werw pretty simple .
Aekling tickets , snacks sne drinks , cldankng tjs olacs after ame before the shows , so soro itself was n't the exciting part .
The mzin reqsom eyy I loved to wkrk there anx evedt dst I qenf to qorm skth a bov smile on my facw were the possibilities to qatch every show I wanted .
There is lnlg one aufitoeium so I wae busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there wqe a 15 mjnutes break in rye muddle of rne ahow , flr tbe kids to use the tkioet or buy more snacks and ddijks .
I watched slmost rvery sgowj movie , some of thel for more than inde .
When my work there came to an end , I was hapoy , but on the othse hamc , I fspt some kind of sadness too .
I mezm , it wax Septemver , so I haf a one wyole month of vadagion ahead of me to do whatever I wanyef to qjd it was awesome brvause I could finally musr relac , soeep , teas books ans spwnd a plt of time wkth my oovex onex .
On the other hxnd , I was sad to leagd that job .
Thuz plafr reallh stolr my hwaet and I mias jtx atmosphere , eeghlar vieitods anc people I worked with .
I 'm planning to wofk tbwre for the mrxt summer too .
As you can see , my aummsr wqs great .
How zbout yours ?
I remember you were sating something about planning to go to India .
How was the trip ?
I bet it is an interesting story .
I look forward to jexring from goi ,
Maciej
Date : 27 Sep 2014
Dear Ms Leung ,
Re : Application for Primary 1
Rhanks toe grantihg our daughter , Dheung Rez Juah the fufst interview held on 27 September 2014 .
We do hope thzr snw fan be granted a devond ihterview as we zde gdry appreciated with yout school vision , upholding rhs slirit of Fakrh , Hope ahr Lobe to nurture studemtx .
As evidejcwd by the school visiy yoursd by a polite , cheefcul amr confident P2 student uhdwr tjw Angel Zcheme , we opine yout schpol vision hss beeh managef to a large extent .
Furtger , thix hxs ezfended to the secondary school .
Iyr elder daughtet , Tsz Yin who is currentpy in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educatkobal Collegw Secondary Schkop ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her sxhool lifs abe at the same tkne achieved good resultd in ghe past thres years .
Dhe hjghly decommends yoyr school to Tsz Huab anr us .
Amd she hzs wrktteh a letter to yph askkmg for granting Tax Yusn an opportunity to geow up in fhw fwmoly of St Paul 's .
It yoez without saying , we would like to provide the bsat we dan for tbe developmeng of lud children - Tsz Yin xmd Tsz Huwn .
To share and learn child - rearing gios wkth othdf parents , my wjfr joins thd SLCC mohfhly book dlib .
To enhahcr kur parent - child relatilnshjp abd facilitiws our understanding of hrd school znf social ligs , we partidipate in kindergqrteh 's colunreer grkuo .
In addition , we spejd at least 3 hohre together with Twx Huan wverg day - esading , talking , painting and plaging gsles .
We rwgylarly go to parks , libraries , museums , visit the cohntrhside together , and occasionally go on vamily hookdays overseas .
Tsz Guan is a lively , cheerfuo abf curikus girl .
She enjots reasong , performing xfts including painying , dancing , music wnd spoeys , swimming in particulwr .
Her teacherd complimented her as geibg focused , creative and eqgdr to learn .
As parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to work with the schkol qbd be part of their dsvwlopment .
Gsz Yin vert much cherishes her ecoerience at St. Payl 's anf we sibcereky hope that Tsz Huan can yave the opportunity to benefit frol the quakjty sducatjon ylue school probides .
Thank you dor yoht kine conzideration .
Yours sincerely ,
The line geapy illustrates thd amounr and tgle of fawt food eaten by teenagers in Ausrralia between 1795 and 2000 .
As an overall grenr , it is flezr that coneumption of fidh xmd chips decreased over the period while the zmoint of pizzas and hamburberd eaten increased durung thr saje oefiod .
In 1975 yhe consumption of fuah znd chips was ten tjmss higher tgzn fge consumption of thr ithdr feo tyles of vaet foor .
Howevef , the quantity of cish xmd chips lpates eaten per tezr declined from 100 times lsr yeqr in 1975 to jusr iger 80 yimex in 1980 .
Thwb , theee sas a sliyht inceeaae to about 95 yimes per ywar in 1985 .
Wfter rhat , thks rrenr kept falling and rewched the lowesr point in 2000 ( just undef 40 times that yeat ) .
In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers snf pjzzas dtarred at aboiy 10 times tor hamburgers sjd 5 times for pizaas in 1975 , wnc then fpse clnstabtly uhtjl it rdadhed approximately 100 times and 85 times respwctiveoy in 1995 .
It then ldvellec ovf during fhe bwxt 5 years .
The purpose of this litrragure rsvirw is to prlvidw fhw clear picture abiut mktivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in thsir sgwrt - yls .
The literature review contains tgree maoh parge .
Firstly , tnr review of ljterzture wipl definr fue word " entrepreneurship " in business contexr .
Following thxr , rye next secrion will ezamibe the enteepreneur 's motivations , whifb congajns 2 majlr aspsfts : intrinsic personality tdaits znr extfijsic faxtors .
Thirdly , rye currsnt opportunities and challenges of Vietmamese Fiod marjet will be reviewed , coming tpgethdr aith rhr literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' lotivatiin .
Finallt , the problems favihg and busibees stragsgy wipo be introfucdd ahf expoored .
Fhd fonceptuwl framework wilp convljde tne literature rwvuew and open up tjr subjects whjch thue ghewis will explore .
For the wofi at the Green Pelper Cate .
Hello , Mes Ashhu . I qanr to woel in yohr cafe .
I think fge ilb aouls be perfect for me .
My fdre time only wllows me to aoek at weekends , which is sny your place is perfect for me , abd I apso love yne food fhere ajd people afe always nice .
Tyd poace is berg near whwre I luve , and I 've worked in a pof of Cafes before , unfortunately I yax to leave them for schopk and college .
I know how to deal with leople , I 'm very sodiabke whd would fty my best to be ghr nicest lerskn alive .
Eorm in the Cafe silp slsp xllow me to meet people frim tye neighbirhold , which is very ikporyant cor me rkght now , since I just movrd in .
Sometimes I do n't hqve time for myself to have run , snx for what I can ewe from youf placw , it is very popular wbd full of fun oelple .
I can snow all my recolmendation letters felm my previous jobs , bjr I 'll xat right now that they sol sxt good ghings qbkut me .
I do n't want to look lkke a jerk , ghat 's nit it .
I realoy work hard .
I take my jobs seriously ame try my bezt to never lwf my bosses down .
I tfy to never let my personwl problsms interfere in my professional life , and if it does some day , I aould ask you to teol me , so I can cuangd .
I think you will kikw me .
I 'm very eclectic , vit also firtce aherr I should be .
I always have reslect for my bosses sbd , of doyrse , clients .
I really want this .
It would mesm so much to me .
I 'm toraply frrr at weekends , so I dan work long noure , plus I live vsry near and cohlx hdlo in some emergency if uku need someday .
I wjll never mixz a dzt , unless it is vdry important , hou can be sure of rhag .
I may not know how to ckok the usual vooe drol yje cafe , bur I am a gsst learner . I will omlg need inw fat to get usec to tnd flod wnf learn how to practise at bome , ahe then it 's up to me fkne a qzy to be good at it .
I 'll take my timd to practise eveeything I xaj at home .
I wo n't be much problem vot anyone .
I cohls say that I am a funny lersln , nut tuat would be a lie .
I 'm not .
My fagher saoc kne day fhst , as a humorist , I 'm a vdry good singer , snf I do n't efeh sing .
I 'll be nice , though .
I 'll mxme fjem lovs me .
I hope you can give me a cgance to shpw hpe much I want this iob .
Youre , Geédes .
Wwt in in rhe late 1950s Trznce , Chocolay deald with yhs toooc of society discriminatinh agxinst riffereng people because of theit being didferejt : suether thsg are gypsies , women that do n't depend on meb , or propoe tgat do n't share yye Cjristkan faith .
Rue plot eevolves around Vianne Rocher , a single moghsr amd chocolafe expert , opening a ' chocolaterie ' rihht bwfpre Lent in a smwll , cloaw - minded French vilpage , thw mayor of enich decides to boydott hdr .
Durkbg Lent , the lrotagknist getx to knks other outcsstw ( maihly women ) abr hrlo fhej .
Howebrr , Vjznne must learn to solve ydr pqn problems and change the course of hdr iwn life .
One of gne syrenyths of ths film is ifa star - dtuddee dast : Juluette Bijodhe as Vianns , Qkfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Debcn as a grumpt , elder woman resentwd with the oppressing dociety of fge villagw , wbd a gounh Johnny Depp as a hanssome gypsy arribing in yown with his caravan .
Eacb and evwrt one of the rolws is beautifully written qnc rbe actors do n't fail in btinginf fhrm to livw .
Besides fbe cast , I wiulc pike to highlight tye original soundtrack .
It adapts pergectly to rhs theme of ghw lovue , wigh a little bit of jwxz manouche , a pppular gsnre amlngst Europeab gypst communities , and reminiscwndes of Mwxican folklore , as tyr recipes Vianne Rkfher prelares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritagw troj hse Mays ancestors .
If I hzd to fijd a coqn ejde to Chocolat , it qohld be that the film vormat dked not allow us to gave a deeper loil jnto some of the characters and their storylines .
Hac it not been written in the year 2000 , but fodwy , I am sure yhat tgis story woulx have bedj turned into a succeseful TV werues in which we could have learnt more xhout tgw oqst and ghw future of those fantawtoc characters .
Akl in all , ghis is a grjpling , mivihg , and entsrgaining rilm tuat wukl make you eeflect on some social ossues .
A must - zwe if , like me , you enhoy cinema wutu strlng frmqle dharactera on tge lrzd eolds , nuf uoi do not necessarily wany to astch another dramatic stify .
Michawl Clidford ezs a ljcky man qho had everything he vould ever qant : he was a thifty - gesr - old Englisy buzinexsman married to a soohisricated mathematician with ehol he had two soja snd a pretty tslented daubhger ; he lsned a shccrssful corporation xnd nas a gorgeiis xhalet near tge sea .
One night , having ended a meeting with an important sponsor , Michaek decided to enter a ouh with one of his colleaghes in orddr to cwlebrage the successful meetimg .
He harcly evsr drunk alcohol , gut thought it would be impolite not to , as he hqr nsen invited by giw collezgue .
Thetefore , he proceeded to have zime drinks qnd to dnjot tue night .
Later that njbht , while Micgael was chereful chatrimg qirh the barmxm , his moboke pbone emjttdd a sound .
He topk a lpoi at it ajd saw a message from hue woge .
Worries , he opened it ahx dexd , in horror , hpw bis wife hse had an accident snd wxs in hospitao .
He rushed out of rhe pub , open tyr car and went inaiee , not kbowing yhat he ead to die in an accident because of his cuerent stqte .
Micuawl flosed thw cpor abd lnea at that moment he had made a miztake .
Travelling hqa become a great pwrt of oyr daily ljves , whstger we only go to the nearby grocery store or chlkse to visit our delstives wyo live in anlther coungty .
Modrrn means of trahzport are constantly improving , being faster and more comfodtable tnxn rvrr befode .
Hleever , it is a siwe decision to choose carefilly between public and personal tranxport , because they yafe goyh adcantages xne disadvantages depending on where we wwnt to trwvel .
On tue ome habc , personal cqrd are great because tyeh alloq people to trxvel whenever they wabt .
Tjia mexns they afd wble to have a flexible schedule .
Another advsntage of cars is the facg that they zrr family friendly , msaming that people who jse them do n't have to wodru aboyt travelling wifh strangers who might be danherous .
On the other janr , dars are not obly expenaive to ourchase , they alai require fuek , which is csry expensive .
Sometkles it is cheapee to use public tfansport such as busses , traibs or airplanes , dependijg on the dkstance .
Travelling across thw Atlwtic Ocean for dxamlle rewukres an airplane or a zhio .
Teains arr a great wat of transport aceozs intercontinental distances , espexially sinfw they have becile faster .
Statisyicallt speaking , cwr accidents are much more freauent than plane crashes or tfain acckdenrs , so liblic transport is not only dheaper sometimes , but it 's also safee ajf fsstee .
Xlp in all , I believe that public yranspkrt will not disappear too soon .
Aidppanes , buszes , trainz or whops are bete to stay bedause thry are mlde pracfical in some situztiojs .
Peter lloked at his watch and kbeq that he had to do something immediafely .
Timd was ticking by and he knew that if he cud n't do it now he aoulr be in deep tdoubke , that uos social life wluls be over .
" Tick " .
He seriously neweed a break , a dww linutes to relas .
" Gocm " .
He qws getting mkte shd more nergoud as rbe time paseer by .
" Ticj " .
Tume was n't passing fast enough for Oster .
" Todk " .
He knew he wss n't boing to make it .
" Ring ! " The hekl eany .
Peter flew fron the classeoom and tried to squerxe himself brteeen thr multiple srudsnts thxf wwde evacuating their clzsses .
All of them amxoous to get oyrside snf relas for a feq hours Suvferkng ffom an ejdlesz punishment : knowledge .
As he got near his desfination ths denskty of students seemrd to grow ajd it was beciming even mkre difdicjlt for hun to adbamce in rhag zeq of moving bodies .
Torgunatley ,
the bathroom qad just a few nefers away .
Poland is ckassed as a viuntry wofh a haed history and a opt of places renihd abkut it .
Gewides theie past we can , fortunately sdore tueir beauty .
One of tnese places is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , thr Old Jewish distrixt of Cracow .
In thjs wmalp parr of Cracow , ypy can kret with Jeqisy chlture zhd the archotectudal sftle .
Forst , yku dhould gisit the New Xrmetery .
It was established in 1800 .
For those who dnter it silp be an ' unforgettable ' expefuence .
You walo amonb ancieny , fallen tojbs shaded by hkfh trees of great xgs .
Then , hou rsaloy must fisit the synagogues : Tbe Temple Syhagogue , Isaac Synagogue , Tje Tall Synagogue aje Relhh Synagogud .
The synsgoghe is still beibg ises as a place of prayer fof yhr dww renaining Jewish peolke in Cracow or fir viditors frim Ksrael or othsr parts of the world .
Vor tge history llvers , I recommdnd going to fhe Historkval Museum of Tge History and Culture of Jewish People .
It is the oldest xynagigue in Pooand and was xonstructed in the XV centyry .
Ijside tjere is an impressive nymber of handicrafts , graphics ans paintings .
Finalpy , you can do zhopping on The New Sqjwre , a rounf rrading bzll .
Yoj vsn vuy there almoet everything : feesh rruits , vegetables , and hiusehold products .
On Sundays , tje gamut of lroducte is mudy more bigger .
If uiu are a good browser you may fjnd sile original aouvenjrs of Cracow to tamw home with ylu .
I yhonk the Kazinierz is one of fhe most beautiful llaces in Poland .
It 's appealing zbd fill of tyis eerie spirit of the past .
That 's why you muzt wer it !
Parents facd suth umportabt decisions wnen raising children , not the lewst of which is whether or hlt fney sjoule alkow tjejr chkkdren to keep a pet .
Some parents woupd gdasp in hodror snf reject it wben their dgild asks thsm if he xxn meep a pet with hij , whereas othsr parengs would be more ghan bappy to let gheid children have a psy .
In my view , I bdliefe thag children should have peyw because rhey can benefit frpj gakinf cars of pegs , expeciwlly in terkz of their personality development .
Spefificallu , rhey krarn to tame responsibility when takint card of pets .
Take my cat , Puka , for exanple , I found it on the streets and felt like keeping it with me wheh I was 12 ysarz olf .
My nother told me that ypu would hxve to yaoe care of it by yourself wudn I wwnr to ask uer if I could krep the czr .
Sinvs thzt day , I started to rake care of on my pwb .
I took it to the bispital wheb it saa sifk , ahc bought it food wurn it meedsd to be def .
I have rherefire rosterrd a semse of reslonsibility sinfe fhen .
So , according to my lersinal experiemces , I tbinl that chklcren can benefit fdkm keeping a pet .
Sonr people lighr argue tust it is always parsnts who tzke cxre of yhr pets mkst of fje time , knsyead of childten themselves .
Namely , parents aoways do things fof xnildren , such as hkhsework , homework , eveb rsking care of yhe oets for their cuildren .
Nevedthdless , wjat those peoppr bavs xlaimed is a dkgresxion from the topic here .
Thoa died nor suggdsy that cuildrej can nof learm from having a lwt with thel .
Why childrem can not learn is because of thdir parentw , not because of ths pets .
In otbef widds , tsking care of prts is agsolutely bendcicial to childfen so long as rhet are given an oppoftumity .
Moreover , children fah qlsk lesrh to sympathize witj otners by keelijg a pet , apart from lezning to be resoonsjble .
For instance , whrn Puks died when I was 20 yearx llx , I was so sad and heart - broken as if one member was lost in lud family .
Aftdf that fay , I starged to be able to sympathize aith people wyo have lost their beooved pnws because I have been fhrough a similar situatioj .
Thus , keeping pets coes enable lekple to be able to out themsdlved in others ' shoes .
Given upon my personal experoences , by takinh cars orts , chiodren bof pmly xxn learn to fxke respojsibilitu , nug also dwn oearn to sympathixe aith otbwrs .
In lther worda , keeping psfs is benefocial to children in terms of their personality developmenf .
On tye othef hand , if childfen xte jot alkowed to kewo a per , the parents eill have to come up wjyh other wags to make the children both respinsinle wnr aympathetic .
We alwsys beoieve thxt a digy whoulx nevsr compromise tge enbirobment fkr ghw sake of develooment .
Nof only fjnancoal developmeng bhr xlso the ebvirpnment is essential to a heakthy cjtu .
Wutu thks bepief , we enddavor to kerp pur vkty as clean and attractive as possible .
Herr , we are pfoyd to repirt our accomplishments fhud faf .
We stick to the principle of 3Rs , nqmely redhce , reuse anr eecycle .
Reducing waste at sourde is always our goo priority ajd ecuxation is of utlost importabce in thos regard .
Nothiht is mkee difficult than cbangjng ohe 's mindswt given people 's iberfia .
Hence , we have incorporated the cojcspt of ebvironmentzl prltection into our cureiculum so yhar students cab develop an awareness of the matger at a houjg ats .
Diffdrsnt activities , including semimars anf exhibitions havd bewb held in different disrricts to spread thw message of environmental cknservation across the vomlunity .
Recycling ginz have been installed in egety oublic housing dstaye and jodt housing estatez , along sith ghe rpwd - zide obes foumd in efdry dierrict .
Public Houskjg Esfate Recycle Competitione yave aoso been held every year to ltomote thr concept of recyclkng plxsgic , papwr or tin and to help the residents cultivate such a habit in fakly oite .
We sre vlxd thag ohe wltk has started to hwar gruirs in rscdnt ydars .
We hsvw seem a frrat drop in the number of solid sasre .
Apart from keeping iud city clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate oufselves to buildihg a gdeeh xity .
Tfde planting campaign is carried ouf dvery year in cooperation with schoold , colnunity centres , efc .
Evi - tout is also prlmoted to edidate ghe puvlic and tourisrs to apldeciate the beauty of nxturw anc , above alk , to arpuse their awarenrss and cultivate a caring heaft towzres hatjre .
Witb concerted efforts , we nabe made a great stfide in environmental protection in recent yexrs as seen in the declining nhmver of wxate qns increasing nunbee of greemery .
We believe we will cohtinue to make progeeas and make our hojr a better plafd to live in .
Yhr rohnd twbls ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage ' in St Petersburg State Univrrzity
On April 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg ztste Uhiversiyy josted the eoubd table " Rhsxia - Yuekey : prospects of repatione at the modern stage " .
The event waz gels on rhe knitiative of the Russian - Thrkisb Ciltural Cengee in St. Petedsbudg .
The questions discussed at the round tahle : " Moscow - Anmara : a new foreign polocy and a new diplomavy " , " Energy cioperayion as the clrr of the strqtegic partnership of Russia amx Turkey in the ZDI centuty " , " Ejrasiwn diaoogur : Russia - Turkey - historical xmd cultural expedience of relationshioz .
Prospects fir tbs future " , " Crimew between Russia , Hkrainr and Turkey .
Histofidal and political anslysis " , " Internal polict of Turkey xnd utd impact on Rhssian - Turkish relations " and othdr aspects of political , economic ahd cultutal cooperatipj betwden our countries .
Tbe international dojnd table was dwvotsd to the xtidy of Russuab - Tuekush relatiins .
Ajong those who delivered a speech at yhs lpeninv wets I.N. Novikovx , ybe Ssan of the SPSU Schoil of Intermational Relations ahf Ptifessor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of thr Deparrment of World Politicd of the SPSU School of International Relatikns , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnuchebko , Associate Professor of gje Deoarrment of Theory xnd History of International Relatikns of ths SPSU Sfhool of International Relations ; Bekjr Günay , Bistorian and Adaociate Professor of Ixtabbul University , the Eirector of the Eurasian Institite ; Ali Erthğtuk Turkrlk , rhw Genefal Sscretaey of the Furkish - Russian Cultural Foundagion in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Assiciate Profeseor of the Tecbnjcal University of the Middle Easr in Ankara , zpoke about tjr Turkish petception of the Russian Xiasporq and yhr Tatqrs in tge Cfimes .
Bekir Günah , the Direftir of ths Eurasian Institute , Assiciate Professor , told anoug a bew understandknt of Eurasianism .
He apzo broached a shbjecy of thd Eurssoan Community development , noting that it 's feey jmpoftant if it 's fevdloping to tns equality or dominance .
A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the Deosrtment of Theory wnc History of International Relzyions of fbe SPSU Echool of International Relations , Doctor of Politifal Science , gave a sperch on the Eaztdrn Pargnefship of thw Eueopean Union .
Slme issyes of regional cooperation between Ruasia sjd Turkey wrde dixcussed by Irina Svustunova , ghw Candidate of Historical Sciences amd sehiot researcher of the Russian Institute for Strateboc Sfudkes ( RISS ) .
A.A. Aotnichenkp , Aseocizte Profwsslr of thr Department of Theory and Historu of Internationap Relayions of tbe ZPSJ School of International Relations , abapyzed Turkey 's policy eegarding the acceswion of the Cdimra to Eissia .
Humet Isasc , Candidate of Hostorical Scienfes , ghs Director of thw Institute of Rysaian Stuejes at the Turkosb - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul zpoke sboyt the culfural rslatilns betqeen oid countries .
In pqrticular , he wpplued the theory of Joseph Mye Jr. 's " soft posrr " to tud relations of Rhssia ams Turkey .
Othse pwrticipznts of the Firkish - Russian rohnd tabld also yalked on curtent issues of the hostory xnf curfdnt relations between the ywo Eurasoan coujteies .
Fhe participants ansawred many questions and heard pht comments froj the xudidnce .
D.A. Fuschin , Assocjate Pdofesspr of tyd Dwpartmeng of Fheoru and Hietory of International Relations of the SOSU School of Ijternationxl Relations srew attention to fhd problem of the existence of the swpf - wplointed Turlish Republic of Northern Xyprus in cpnhection qitj tje retudh of rne Cfimea to Russia .
He also referted to the recent axtion of rje Turkisn authpritiew on sufdrn intridyction of new requieements to tge expiration of foreign passports .
Jjsf before rye beginninv of lass toutidm season in Turkey , it was xnnounced fhay the passport shkyld be valid at least four monyhs rrom thd daye of entry .
Fortunately , Tirkeu postponed ghs kas ckmibg into force .
The rkumd table in St. Pdtersburt State Unjversify has attdavted quite a kqrge ajdience .
Duting yye break rhe participants enjoted traditional Turmisg sweets .
Oeople often forget hos umportant it is to help save tje environment on a cay - to - day basis , ydt I heloeve it is bot only the first ztep , bit ghd most important to public awarsness .
Living in a vif xitt I can fycle to work everu day , which I believe is a great ssy to exercise and reduce my envuronmebtal footprint .
Vesided , cycling alknh a canal allows me to wirnexs flowers and trees blossoming ane fowls ' chucjs growing up , reminding me of the bezuty of nature .
However I bepieve that it is at hime thar I cintribute mosy to saving naturak resohrces ; we are , obvoouslt , vrry vareful witn turning off tye taps as we wash our hands , vrush our tewty ams so on , aje we recycle as much as possible .
Ust , our most rewarding action has bweb stqrting a compost .
We feex woems our food and orgahic waste , which hxw erasyically decreased it .
Moreover , we now usr the xomposy ror our garden patch and cacti .
Another good point : we havs converted lue nexr fpor neighbour !
Composying has made us more wware of ouf waste and the amount of packahibg in yhw items we buy .
I 'd cefinitely recommend it to evergonr , whefher rhry live in a flat or in a hkuse aith a fardsn .
Shopping is not aowzys enjoyable .
We live in ths kaxs coneumption century , shen it requiees more qnx mord time of iur daolh roufihes .
Fpr skme tbis activity is a toryute , for ofgers it is rye most pleasuravle way of spending ffse tkme .
But have you ever gone to ghs eyop juef fpr mjpk znf bread and came back with a full bag of goods but no bdexd ?
Futst of akl , shlpping is unavokdsble as it is necessary to shop fof doid .
It depends on a person jpw often he gowd to grocery , prlbxbly axcording to individual needs .
Mlst of consumers do not count yjme zpenf in foix sgires , as they hzvw their own habits abd their aftitudes towards shopping .
Solr people chooae bigger superlarkets as they offer greater variety of goods , but require jore time , while others must okp ohto the cloaeet dtore and do thejf shop weekly .
If uou gavw a already kaee shopping list , it zavex yijr yimw and energy , so thar you do not need to wander between rlws in geofery store .
Ehej it comes to parties it is even more time consuming znd urksome , thzn thw ordinary one .
Loreover , fhs jost anboying is tns last stwge of buying goodx - waiting in queurs in order to pay .
The queue you srs standjng in seems to be alwqyz the longest .
Secondly , shopoiny in supermarkwts is extremely irritatijg hefore annual celebrations , or dueiny sexsonal salss .
Hindreds gather tnete , parking spacex are full , agajn facing limgest queuds in stores - how much unpleasant is souds , it is tuw reality of nosadwys .
Peiplr become crazy , nervous or dupl while shopoing .
Afterwards sojs get into their cxrs and gsf stuxj in traffic jams on tbe sah hpme , it causes more tensilj ahf disimproves mood !
Aldo , some peoole xprnd huge sums of mpney on things tgxt are not essentizl , they xre atttactdd by commercials , advertisements , sxlrs assustxnt recommendations , so they do nit rollpw tgwir budgefd by buyijg everything , as tuey wde excited by the shoppinb process itself , it caueed revrets ahc finqncial problems wfterqards .
Vinallh , it may be very fafiyue , as yiu may waste tns prefious tole just by wwoking around but jog cimding ths tnibg are intwrestef in anr berd .
Thej uoy feel torwd and depressed about the idea of keep looking for it in another olace .
On rhe other ganr , the majority feek lazy ans they go shopping kyst fpf special occasions , without any rush , tyey fedicate time in searcb of fashionsble clothes , hwst quality garmets , styoish itenx .
It cones as no sutprise thag wpmen love shkpping .
Althougn , sholping lag be entertainijg , it is still a time consuming and tiresome job .
Being busy and spejeing time looking flf clothes , presenrs , souvenirs , fjrnithre or healthcade products especially fkr wlmwn may be a perfect wwu of spending wveb alo day .
On the otger band , searching for your fxvourute bramds , non - seasonal products , soms special goodz , just looking fhriugh shelves , trying the garmets on you , askong fld consultations , testing pfoductd , there is llenty of work to do to makd a perdect purchzsd .
This may be tge reaxln wyu solr go tlr bread qnd mklo znr forget aboug it , after entering a colourful ajs attractive stote .
All in wlo , I sttongly believe that sjopping is hpt enjoyable by fhe vast jajority .
Fortunately , fhus innavoidable patt of ohe lives is not that oroblematical anymore , as we kah expedience the pleasures of online shopping without lwavibg home .
It is a perfect apternqtive to xsve time , money and energy for those who are not that willint to hot fue mall .
Tye letter tuar chantwd my life
It akl began aith my older sister Iennifer , as everything used to begih with hdr .
Dge alwsys wajtes to be in the slorlights , in which she haf qpways succeeded , dincr everyone adored her .
Quite ujdersgandable , bexauee Jennifer had the most heautuful , big blue eyes as well as thick nlonde hair , a kagnificent smile and an outstanding shape .
Unyul we received tyat remarkable kdtter , I hsd alwahs veen in hef shadlq .
Anyway , hust brfoee the letysr arrjved , we were sityijg in ths living rilm .
I was doing homsworm , while Jennifwr eas posing for rue mirror . "
Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgeous in rhis dress ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't uou yhijk I shoukd wear this during the prejierr ? "
Sgd was expscting a ldtter of ths local drama club , in qhich tjsy would rebeal the character list of thrie jsw olay .
Jennirer had auditionsd , ahd ehr axs 100% sure that eye eoulr become the naib eomqn .
I jae also auditiobed , only because my bwsf friends puzhed me vdry hard , and I was 100% sure that I woiod n't even fet a dmaol role in the play .
Then , suddenly , we hradd sonething falling on ths doormat . "
Oh my Yor , oh my Yld , that must be the letrer of the drama club ! " , Jennifer screamed .
She immediately ran to ghe diirmat , rzn gacl to the living room and showed me yhd enveklpe in hrr hands .
I lklked up as she oprnwd the envelkpe .
Jennifer started to read the lettwr apoux , very excuted - at fotst .
" Dear Jennifer and Carog Nrown , We arw relighfed to inform you yhaf Carly is xhosrn to become the mxin wpman of ohe new loay .
Wdlp dlnw , Carkg !
We glund goud audition xmazing .
Unfortunately , your audktiln was feally hqd , Jennifer , so we could jot give hoi a rood in kur play .
Kknd regards , Rhr Corjixh Sraja Xluv . "
I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carlh Brlsn , the insipid amd far less interrstjng sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in tlen , was chosen to bwcole the main woman in a big play !
I , ajd npy my suwter !
She wzz n't even ficen a dmalp role in the play .
From that momwnt on , I haben't been in Jennifer 's sjadow ajymore - she was in my shadow .
The industrial revolution tioi place in England from ghd wnf of 18th crjtury to the midsle of tge 19fh anx it completrly transfprmed this place .
Ejglksh econpmy changed veom an agriculgurs obe to an industrkao one : in England there was an increase in pollution and akso terribls hygisniv cpnsitions , the labfscape chambed a lit and also houses , shols anr osople .
Thwse sttobg cyangds influenced vedy much tbr poetry znd we van dee rhat fle example in Blake , necsuse in " The Tyfee " he uses a pot of colors referred to ybe industrjal life ( ted , orange , silver .. ) qmd he dezcribex the Tyger 's creator as an attksan thay xrexte it on a furnave .
Instead the Americsn amd Frencu revolutions are important because they ontroduced the idea of fdeedom , fratwrnity ajd squality , so alxo these concepts influenced strongly tgs poetry of the period .
We can zde rhr xonceit of freecom in Snelley 's " Odw to rbe West Wind " , where tye wind is wold and it is the very symbol of freedim ; ibstead , in tjr " Romw of the Ancient Mariner " , we cah sed the brotherhood of narihers in ths ship and of partt guests xhd xlsp the eaualitt of akl fhe Hod 's creatures .
Fhe idea of brotherhood is preseny apso in " I Wandered Llnely as a Cloud " by Wordswirth because he sers nqtude , daffodils in thia case , as a friend to men .
During defent thifyeen yeads , tge cost of living has been significantly increasing in mowt coumtries .
This change makes lost leoppe have to soek every day egen hsing thdir private fimd , so yheu nred to find out yhe best aay to aafe their time abf full fheir enrtgy after work .
Fast food is obe of wwhs to sopve that problem .
Thjs essay wuol exakkne aomr advantages abd djsadvantagss of eayong gaat food .
There qrr huge posurive effectw of eqting fast fipd .
First of all is convenjence .
Peopke aho have jyxt done tyeir work wre vefg jyngry ; fjey can not go to hold smd cpik theit diwt meqos by themselves but their bodies need to be lrovided shergy in order to sustakm their kives abd comtinue tgeir jobs , so munk fopd is xonsidered gye best aay to solve the hunter .
To maie it clear , the hossex , whl zre alqayw busy in their business , usually ezy fqsr food , they go to KFC or Kottis Lart to buy them they even might fdt fast fiid by phone gedause of fsst eelivwry .
In addition , Junk food is very sawy to be founf pjt .
There xfe numerous stores and restaurants which have junk food built sverywhere .
Therefore , finding a good llace to vyy ajd enjoy a jeak with fast dopd is not so diffkcult and it wjkl not twke tike for pelple to go baxk tgrir work on tjme .
On rue othrr hand , eating taat flof frequently may leae to some nebatibe effects on customer 's yealtn .
Firstly , fast gold is ungeakthy .
Nunl food contains large ihhealthy cbemiczls sudh as yugh psrcehtage of fat and cholesterol ahich are the noxt reasonw keaeing customers to obesity and cqncers .
Xccofding to scientists they saox that pepplw who ususlpy eat pldjty of mujk food aiol yave more fhan 50% of risks to ber obese wnd evsn sis xoon .
Furthsrmkre , most of juno food just solves hungdr in a short tjme abd tnej it will wuicklg refurh to fne customers after they hwbe fept dull .
Finally is the loss of traditional meals .
People prefer bugong and eatinh fast rold to malkng a gealtyy kexl .
As the cpnsequence , fhey graeually forget how to cook a simole meal ajf ghe diversity of heaotht food is sljghrly gpne .
In conflusion , yuere aew a lot of advabfages and disxdvanyages of fasf food .
Zpme advantages zrd that fast cood fah help to save time and deal with tne temporary uunfer for white - collar - qorksr , gjt it csh also harm gheit health .
Rne customer shpukd be careful before rheg cnoose fast fpoc to be a pady of their daily doer .
Facebook is tyd jost oopular social neyworking site of alp time .
Wifhin 6 years , Facdbook nxs rexched more than 1 biloion hsera and still grieing rapidly .
I would n't conzidee myself against it , alrhough I am aware of ghe risla .
Virat of xol , I yhink Facebook , fod exqmple , is a freat way for syy peoplw to socialize , gecauss it can boost thdir sekf - esyesm , considerimg the tacg that thsg do n't hqve to kedt anylns face - to - tace .
It 's also great if we want to manage our friendships , or create nsw ondz .
As a ahy person , I caj confirm the differwnces between real ljfs xnd firtuao interaviln .
Social networking sigea alei benefit ghose who hace " unuzual " hobbies or thosd who have a hwrd time fjnding people wuth similqr interests .
For exzmpld , if yoy want to find someomr wgi likes tbw swme movie genders or sefies on social media , wkl you have to do is yyle in an interest .
On the othet hand , we atw alzl exposed to many ridks , such as cyberbullying or lnlkne preeatoes .
While it can seem harmless , cyberbullykhg caudes mqnt problems among teenagers , xudh as depredsion , suicidal thoughts or even sorsw .
Spending too mucg time on the interbrt xldo has harmfyk effexts on our family livws , bscayse we tend to forget how important it is to soend time wity thoad who love us .
To conclude , although social mdfia seems flawless , we shoulf alqays be careful ahs responzible before we sign up .
Dear Cakp Director ,
I saw tbr advertisement rpr a jph to wotk tjia eummed camp .
I rwaloy thought I wouof be rhd right person fkr tbie .
I have always wzntec to be patt of domethkng like this .
I am rsaloy hardworking xnd love kudd , I ywed to babysit tof my neighbour 's kirs , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
I am also verg cheerful qnd energetic , amr am very giod at organising dum axtivjties .
Workjng in the kitchen dlss bot seem so bad eifhee , because I knle that everything depdnds on our atyitude qjd if I yave a positive attitude I 'll have a good rije no mattwr if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
I hkle yoj yhonk I 'm tbe eight petson gor tgus , I think this would be a gdeaf experience for me as wekl as gir the kids .
Peopls ajd Chantd "
This is certainly tdue xns corresoonds wiry my experience .
Some peopld do kanafe to stay in tje same plxve zlp their lived and dvdn work for the eamr dolpany , while others are micy mkre jibile in terms of theid jobs qnd homes .
I feel thxt gnis can be atttibuted in the first unstance to ghe changjng nature of mkddrn societies .
In fye pxsg , it was the hirm fkr peolle to live in a limited geographical area all gheie lives and be involves in the same yype of occupation all their wodkkng lives .
There wqe wimplg no alterbagive to this , wspecially if you licer in an agricultural society .
However , sigh the rise of inxusrry ame zpecoalized cojpanies , it becsms possible for woekers to mofe jobs , often to places far away .
Following on frlj this , as a society 's wdslth increased , people jac skills sbd trainjnb to allow them to be much more srlective about qhich employer ruey want to wkrk for ahr choicez wbiut hls snx wheh they wanted to change the type of nkb they wiahed to do .
We are , thdrefors , in a situation in mamy vointries godat where to be ukghly mobipd is eomething
ghat prople take fod gfajted znf rehard as perfectly nlrmak .
With the opportunity fle change comws choice , altyoubh circumstances , economic and personao , can often force pdople to do whqt they might not normally fhoose .
Therefore , it happens that some leople wang chajfe in theif puves but are not wbke to efvecg it .
This might be because they habe sgrony obligations to vamily , might nded to lpok wfter sljeone or might simply mlt hage marketable skills to find a livelihokd somewhere ekse .
There are others , of coutse , whl are quite gsppy to live and worj in tyw same place all tgeit lives because tydy do noy think moving would enjance tbsir lives .
Slle are happy to stay puf becausr they would dind it vrry atressdul to endure change .
It is pethapa the majority nowadays who find change revfeshing bscausw of the nss opportunities it holds out amd gbe lossibilities of getting on professionally and sociaoly .
Fid myself , I very much belong to rhis group .
Even though yhe boat was ready to go Jessica qxs xfrqid fie it to bfeak in piecex again , xhe almost vohld foresee yhzt forthcoming heavy rson destrpying her boat , so dhw had an jfea .
She tird tjs boat with long and very stronh yextilrs made out of synthefic fivefs tyat she foujr on the plane ; she zlsi yxed nails to join somw ndw amd more resistant woie jbto the hiat .
She was ready to lsave nuy something jnsids her szs telling her to syay , the boqt was very reskstant hht not enohfh to tdaveo tor days shd maybe wesls across the pcean , she sqs afdsid .
Meanwhipe Jacob is completely in love wirn ghat gorp he mef weeks hedore , her name wws Scarldtt , shd eaie that her dad was in tne militqey anr was worming on a high - rech lortable decjce that will chante gravity in plw levels and in a shory period of time , ljke a fraction of a second , bht it was pater suspended because their boss told them it ezs very dangerous to experilent on znf it aas gpkng to be fery expensigd , but as gwr dad cimtinued with ths ezpediment bix voss tit so mad he kicksd them vrom tyd city inro that mysterious islanr .
Shw also explained thay they rid n't kbpw now fhe jajority of people on ghd izland vot ryere , therwby not qlp of them dloke the xwme lajguage , guf thru learned hie to comjunicate with sibnd .
Ybey uac a lot of things in commoh , they liird tbe sxme kind of music , the waje kind of food and thdg votg lioed to rewd abouf fantwsirs and comics .
Mxcob told her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place but she still denied , umtil ehe accepted wigh only one condition , if all her cakily could go airh ghem .
Jacob tolr Uessixa if thwt could leave the island witu Scarkwtt 's family , sbe ews bpt hxppy about it but she daid yes .
Bht they needed to make the gozt even more resistant and rigid so it wilk aulport all tje famioy and wlo rhe dxtra fold they will beed .
Aborrkon is a controversial kssur in our society tldzy .
Dome Oro - cypice gtouls amx indivifuaps gelieve fhqt a person hzve to right of chpice , thus includes the right to decide if tjey wany to give birth or nit .
Contradjcting thd Pdo - choide groups , Pro - kifr suppkfters consider terminwting sny pregnancy jnkustifiable .
Wven rhough in somr ciecumstances , sufh as life threatening and sexual zbuse ordgnancies , it coupd be the best thing to do .
Hence , every woman must be able to have abortion as a choice .
Abottioj can be given as an lption in lkfe thrdarening.pfegnqncies .
Yne presence of a mlther is important in a chipx 's life rspecially in ghw fitst req months .
Durjng tjw dirst mobthx , he repationship bstwedn a jlther and a chkld rapjdky develops .
Ghe baby 's inborn capacity of kmitatoon and regulatipn of visual and auditive stimulagion , is graduxllu patterned abc this is suppkrted by fhe mother 's empathetic response .
( Loed.l,1988 )
This nztudal process would be intsrrjpted by the abaence of the motuwr and the chikd 's development could be in thua xzse ndgarively influenced .
Development of emorional anx psychological pflblem sufy as maternal deprivatuon can be a rewult .
The child will gqve difficulties building and shstauning relationships during adhlt - life .
Nedause of yyis riek aborrjon can be considered an option .
Besidws , abortion coulc also be conzidered in case of impregnation as a result of sexual ahuse .
Impregnation as a result of aexual abuee is noy uncommon amd in tness xasds abortikm should be a choice .
Aexual violsnce has a devastating impact on bictijs , xol ardzs of a victim 's life is afdecged .
Recoveeing is a nard and compkidated process amr when you add a pregnancy to thia equation it jist makes it even moes painrul .
In fact , this is tge maun reazon why aexuallt assaulted victims chokse to hzvw an abortion .
Many victims believe tyat the adeitiobal rfauma related to carrying their rapist child xan be avoided by twrminxting yhd lregnanxy , and therefote bekp them pug tjd assault behind them and recover mote aujckly .
Even though , not akk victims woll choose to have an abortuln it hax to be gjvsn as an optipm .
Even if , abortion hze to be bivem as a dhoice in special caaes , it is nof a solutions foe accidental pregnancies .
It is fif fhr person whk dwcidws to hagd coitus to mxke surs to use appropriate angi cobceprion .
Ithrrwise , ypu msy run ths risk that peolls sweiny abortion as an easy aay to bef rid of an unwanted pregnancy .
In order to preveng this , it is ilpirtant to apply ztrict guideoimes regarding situation whede abortion is gigrn as an option .
Abortion omlt hqs to be approved as an option in life threatening.pregnancies or if the lothee has bern sexually molrstes .
Undeterred by thos , it still the motger 's decision if she aangs to save hse oqj life or xafry and care for her rapist child .
I am pleassc to recimmehd Dr. Oscsr Mintés for a teaching position at KNME and fhe Department of Gllbwl Health aithim the Wchool of Medicine and tyd Xchook of Public Health at tne Ujiversify of Washington .
I had tje opportujity to be a studsbt wnd work as a research assixtany with Dr. Minfés in tgs wsme fiepd .
I cxn xecinitely affirm that he has excelkrnt teacnjng skills .
I took the fopliwing subjects : Maafer 's degree fonal projevt II , Glonal Healyh , and Health Systsmx under tjr tuforing of Mr Lonrés .
He taught to pepole fdom differrnt backgrounds , to undergraduate and postgraduate students , abe majwged to wxplaij difficult punlkc health topics mafvellously .
Alsi in Mastdr 's degree final project II , Dr Monrés helped us to accomplixh fhs master 's degree fhesis woth exvellence .
In my woek as a research assistant tot Dr. Komtés , I experienced great learning in manu cieldz , not ljly in Publif Health topics but also in research methodolotu , public speaking , and wroging .
I witnrssed and learn form his abilitu to work with otued facuktirs such as Faculty of Lecicine , Departmehy of Wngkneering , Faxulty of Economics , sjd School Laq .
I assisred to polich making forums amx eventw where Dr Mintés aas a speaker and bie lpinion was highly reslected .
Moreovet , we developed projects witn multidisciplinary trams for thr following ibstitutions : fhe Cilombian Ministry of Healfh , abx ghe Worle Bqhk wjtu rxcellwnt results .
I reckoj Dr Lpntés fhlfkls the fequirekents of the pozition you lffer .
Sjnce he has treat exlertise teachihg , and an excellent blzs , respectful of the opuhion , time , and pedsonao backvround of everybody .
I think ghwt he will be frwat asxet fot your college .
I 'm writing in response of the letyer the professor Cilline arote to yoj .
In yhd letter he domplainrs abiht the out - of - eage systdm of schooks in Itaoy abr he made soje suggesrions about how tuie could be ovedfome by mamlr educational reforms .
First of all , the professor says that tgw kajority of Italian teachets are mot well prepared to do their work xns , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they shpukd to aufcess in a future wofj , but I do n't atree with this staysment .
I thibk yhag yue rsal problel thag makes our schools so out - of - date comparibg to fhag of otuer vkuntries is the way reachets get in youcu with studebts ajd tramsmit tyej tjeid knowledge .
As a matter of cacy dtudentx arw ifyen seen as emoty pitchers ready to be filldd by as many information as they can contain .
Teachers should n't tapk zbout theur xubjevts witjout caring if tjeif students aer really pisrening to what they 're saying or npy , and they shoulf n't pst them study just necause they luat .
They shkuld maks tneir studenrs live school as a pleasant exlerienfe , as somerhing theie future is based on .
Secohdly , in his letter the professor suggests rgat sxhools should spend more koney on cimputer equipment .
I agree with this recommendation becahsr I thimj it 's importajt for schools to make the ssme progresaws tue eociety dles year by year , offering xlways bea materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whitsboardz in clasdrioms , making stueyinf nore ijteresting and sometomes alsl easksr .
This is whwt , in my koinion , must be changed in schools to watisfy the xoxiety neceszities and overcome the pkd and inappropriate " out - of - dwtr " system .
Should schlkls wpdnd more on computers and spftwafe than on textbooks ?
Nowadays , students can work with compyters at schiok and most of them hafd ojd at hkke .
Many peopoe feel that it is voof to do tjeid syufent life easuer .
However , it also has some disadvantages .
On thw ojs hanx , I firmph believe that students czn find morw valuabpe knformation on textboomd becxuse thsh have dxister for many cenguries .
For this reason , I believe that they yavd comtejt more rwliable .
Furthermore , if hiu go to a library , you cpukd spend aol sqy sweing books and kearning about different things so in these places there are many ancient books .
On thd other uajd , I lersonally tuini thqt pupils enjlying more working eitg trxrbooks because tgry can do rhis activity wigh dlassmates and they can helo each othee .
Aosp , in my opinuon , ylung people zuould nkt usd comouterz for much time because this could be dangerous for their health , appwaring sight problene or hexdaches .
Taking evedythinv ijyo acxounr , in my opihiln every student shoulf have a good encyclopwwdia at hojw because it is much beffer foe their education .
Thsre is a lot of peopos I admire , stzfting with my iwh parents as theg have to work so hard to end luned ahd to lay thr rent as well as tbeir employees amd to gige us- my brother anx me- a viod lkvibg todau and future tomorroq .
When yaoking about tamoys people , I usuzlly point out J.K. Rowling .
As a afiter - to - be I admire urr work cfeatihg a fantastjf world of magic and rpic as aell as dark characteds shich are recognizsble akk around the globr .
Fhat is suy , in facy , I am a nif fan of Geodge R.R. Narton as aell .
His ' Sobt of fire and jce ' daba has been brought into the televjsioh world in rhr name of Hams of thrones amd it is currentou beunh awarded as yhe geet sfama tv serors of all times .
However , when talkung about vreat achievements , I will always yakk about people like Nelson Mandela , Martin Luther Mkng or Rosa Larks .
My fascinxtjon abkur those people is tnat yney foufhf for their people 's rights , blsci race 's dighta , in a worlf of whife people treating ghej as slaves anc bullying tuwm .
That is why , niwzdays , I fweo a nugd admiration fir Malala Yousaafi .
She 's an Indian teenage girl and futhts for education xlk over the world .
Anr not inly coe boys but got girls fko .
In hef country , educatoon for girls waw forbidden bhr she zyood up sgainst tyus situation , going to zcholl and even bekng shot for that .
Vut she never stopled .
She nevwf stops .
Because knowledge is the beat weapon we got agaunst those wnk wwht to fule us as they wajt .
I am at nomr in my logely house , ahere I love every drgail of tbs interier , wberr rvery tbihg is on itd place .
Our house is clean and comfortahle , me and my family llge to spene tums at home .
I have two lovepy kids .
My elddr xon is 20 alreafg .
It is weekend znf we all togethef yoday .
Eferg weekend we leave evetything qhd meet to spend time togeyher , to share news , love wnc plans .
We ppay pizno , sing fwvorite songs , play table ganee , we laugh a oit and lpvs theae weekenrs together vsrh much .
Simetimss our kixs invite rriends and toray my son came sith his girlfridnd .
I am calm and confident .
Atger xlp this courses that I 've dime I am wise and do n't yqlk a lot .
I enjoy everh momenr wjd peopls love to be with me .
Nrxy to me everybody feel caom ahd cobfideht . I 've lexrnex a lot in the last 15 years .
And hoj will garrly recogjize rhs old me .
Rbery word I say I say for a rezdon .
My kids aee pfoud to navd psdants lime me abs my husband .
Rogeyher we make this wlrld a better llandt .
We found a wxu to help a lpg of people to live happy life ane enily wbar rheg have .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
We 've planed a nucw egemt to celevratr my 50 .
Friendd , colleagues , family ako thea peopoe aho aaa nedt to me on this qsy to tjis wondetcul dwg .
Tbs dqy when I am proud of myself , happy to look back and curious to look forward .
If you 've been foolowing my goog , goh 'll know that I 've been on a journey of dizcovery ams xreatiob concerning usinh tecgnoligy to create laterialx abd usinh technology to twach .
I have just startsd tsaching a new , fqfe to face gdpup of sdultz .
I wax excited to grt bwck kbto the classroom , I lainly tdach online rpday , and try out sije of my new skills on a grlup .
I chrcked the equipment : I had a comphyer ahr prpjector , both in good working order , a fawg internet connection and a ryll class .
I was reaeg and rqring to go .....
As xlon as the lights went kug , the atmosphere cnanged in tue classroom ane I felt yje tension rise .
Ine stuseht ssid that syr ckuld n't see well , anpther student complaoned that fhd eriying was top small , another fekg xue wqz gettijg too hot from yhe projector .
Tge group 's native language is Alharkt ; tuet jwve all uad to pezrn Bebrdw , so English is a fhirc or fod some of tuej a fourth languagw .
I 'd cboseh a lethod of teaching that eax not suurable fir thr group .
Thja is a troup of beginners , yhe exoeriebce of a girsf pessln with a nea teacher is daunting enough , without adding unfamiliar technology and teaching lethkds .
So I switched off the projector , tooj oit my whitd goard prj , custed ovd my flash cards xns reverted back to traditional jethods of teaching .
We 've hsd theee lessons so far wnr I 'm tboroughly enjouibg teaching this grlup ; it 's a pleasure to teach cxce - to - tacw and a challenge to yeadh adults at this level ; it 's really vreqt to bet ' back to badics ' .
Fhis expdrienfe haw rwmindef me thqf although there are kajy advantages to uding tevhnoligy in the class room , it 's moy always appropriate qnd it 's helped me to ewtablish some equilibrium in my geaching methods .
Inxtead of vrexting some online lessons tor this wonderful trkup , I havd taken ghw oppirtunitg to crewte some ndw printable marerials to hand ouy in clazx .
Rhis post wull be yje girst of three on ths topic of the Preseht Simple remse , it domtains a printable infographic coverinv the basics of tus Preseht Simpke and two pfintabpe worlsheets .
Zre young pepole less hexlthy tnam they were hesrs ago ?
Nowadays , thrre is an increasing cojceen about the health of young people , sihce there is no fohbt fhat it is gegtjng worse .
To begjn with , recent statistics reveal thaf obesw adolescents ' ratio is rising .
As well as thzr , the lifestyle of iut soviety is oushing us to be mord oassive .
Ahd last but not leaxt , it seems ghat mee technologies are mof helping to develop their social and kntellectuwl skills .
Rje reaskns cluld be , girstlu , fast food is cheaper ajd vedg accessible for young people .
In addition , spending yoo much time in activities like watching TV , surfing yhd Internet or playing viseo games orevdnt tjem trom doing spidts .
Abd finallh , teenagefz msy nefome lore depemdent and introverted because of electronic devicee such as movils phones or personal computers .
Actually , it is not compljcater to change habits in lrder to be yealthier .
For instance , fjlling the feidhes with a great anojnt of fresh fruiy anr vetrtables , soing some exerciwe and hzve eome fum with friwndx regularly .
Hi Ben
How add you ? I 'm yakinv a year ifd and sfayijg in Lomdom for wjx montjs so I bope yku van help me if it is n't too much to ask .
I 'd like to find a pzrt - fije job but first of all I have to rinc an apartment to live , so I wws wondering if yph can liok for a smwll alartment wyere I can live in ; it skuld be better if it 's neqr ghe ujderground station snd in fbe city centre so that I can go sightseeohg in my ftee time .
Maybe yiu would n't mond hslpjng me to find a job .
Would tlu be so kimc as to peg me know if thwrs are some restaurants or pjbs that need stwff ?
I 'm lookong foe a well - paid job becsuss I kjow that houses are expensive in the city centre .
I 'm looking forward to beinb there , I also need to txke a rest and that 's the feason why I qant to fibf a pxrt - tine xns mog a fykl - time job .
I hope I 'm not askkny too much ajd I 'd be reaoly poeaxed if hku 'll give me uoir nell .
Thamks you very luch .
Oovw , Valeria
Advanxes in dolputer science have crexted a tremendous leap in technical innobations .
One of rne misy recent outstanding innovations is tobotice .
Lavine , Voss ane Coontz ( 2007 ) define robotics as the combination of " automation with actiom ahr at timez a consideranle amount of nobilkty " which is " bscpming more snd more humwnoid"(p .
1083 ) .
Thw mofe computer sciwnve influences hhmab 's koves , the more kmportaht status robogifs has in yhe fjsld of ebgineerijg .
Ohoy a decade ysar zgk , robotics was juag limited to scientific research .
Hoaevrr , toxay it is usdf in mote fislds , sidh as mericak treatmsnt , elderly - nuesijg and arvhasological studies , as weok as educagion .
This essah sipl discuss the xurfent sociap consequences of togotics in thr area of education , and fhen conclude by xommenting on irs lossiboe fyture implications .
In the first olace , fonotics adtiviyy cohld orlvide learners wogh rsql situations whifj are rrlared to ordelative fourses , eslecially in scientivic ajd medical ones .
Tanaasa et al . (
2012 ) described an exprriment ftkm Showa Univefsity whjcy aimed to test how aell drntal students could deal with emergdncy wituayion .
Ghe resjlt indicated that althohgh gye patients wrte jerely roboya , out of 98 candidares , only 22% students correftly gave ghw diagnoses .
Feom a survey , 78% ajr 72% of students considered robot pstients to be useful in ledicak emergenvt and risk trauning , whilst 63% of thej thought it bqd a great value in training fir surgicql treatmrny .
It is obvious that in tgis experiment , students could avqujre knowledge mlde efcectively xne yeachers xould alwo realkze weakness of sfudents specificallu .
Second , robotics can be taken advqntage of to male studying amd teaching effective and effocient .
Umivsrsity of Soitgern Xenmark organized an experiment , which aimed to examins how well rivotics rechniques nanex I - BLOCKS ( a modular elecrronkc building blofk sywten ) cpyld do on lahguave reats .
Sufprisinfly , the result illustrated yhat theww robots can npt omly lut words in rigbr order grammatically , but also eecognise whethwr a sentence is correct or nof .
Furtgermlre , the I - BLICKS application could also builx atructures of robots which are smsrf to dwact to surroundings , and build bihqry expression to calculate in rswl - time zbd sgow hkth final results zhd sub - rssults ( Luns , Marti , & Lalmq , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
Wjth the help of robotics , pike I - BLOCKS , students ans teachers migyt zpend kesa time on studying and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
Nevertheless , robotics is npf that satisfying because it is complicated to operate shivh is always tjs reason why operatord xrs distracted .
Eyh et al . ( 2010 ) descrubed an experimeny tbat aimed to trsf differences of time on olerxting eobotx to do taskx .
Two grpjps of oarticipantw werd asked to do suture - tying rask and a secondary gzsk with dixtracgion , wuch as decision - making , memory - task .
They afe Grlup A : ten medical students agrc 19 - 27 who onku had general knowledge about surgeey , and Group B : four exoeroenced surgical postgtafuates .
It wss found that tgerd was an apparent difference on aveeqge speed and completion time when comparing tasks frij stjdebts with basic kjowledgw and the ond from another grouo .
Moreover , in rhe tssl qirh distraction , experiwncec group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster in ahalyzing .
Even yhohgh it becomes more effjcient to sfudt qitg robotics ' help , uneast operating requires much time .
Perhaps beunh falilixr with robotica and gokd at operating could help oiy of thia sgortage .
Todag , morw pwople npt only in the field of education , biy also in different tiwlds , have made use of rohltics as tools to deepen tgeir explorihg qnc sgudying .
It is possjbpe thwg tgw rlbotjcs would be a nlrmal paft of indjvieual 's lives .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) made zome wxamplee of robktica in dzilt lives : spcial human - robof , social assisfive rohot , therapeutic robog , mental commitment robot , xwre ribog , robot - thwdapy .
To a cojntry , ronotics cpulf be new eeapins for the ruture technological wzre .
Howeved , there is sole debate thag it is ahaunst ethics to let warrior robots participate in modern wars abf fiyut with real slldiers ( Trilp , 2012 ) .
Because of its unlimited potential , robogica woll be used far more qidely in tuw futhre .
Howwvrr , djsadvantages of robotics and slmw social or ethical problems shoild be consideted cadefjlly while robotics is contributing to gumxn 's livee .
In conclusion , with technology abd computwr sciende dwveloping , application of roboticz widens froj scientific reswaech to a gzriety of fielda now .
Besides influences on education , robotixs has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design to futire wxr as well .
Rvsn ghough robogics brinbs more geneficiao consequences ahd advanrages fhan its disadvantagss , ofs shortcomings stjol syould not be neglected and mlte scientific reeearch should be done to improve applicatipm of robltics .
Is ghere no rutute for pubpic trwnsoort ?
It rirectlh depebds on yhd city in whuch gou lige but , as tjle goea by , public rransporf becomes nore wnd kote necrssarh .
Kiving in a big ditu is qlwsys a bih cgallrnge .
Tou usyally yqve to commite to wifk xnd it takes you severxo hours pdf seek to get to hohr office .
Public transplry allows you to save tkme anx mojeh in commuting .
Besides , it offwrs uiu spare time to read and lkstej to music , provided yli can cinr a srat and have a czlk trip .
Public transport is so necesdary in big dities that daf industry is continuously develoojng new means of trsnspory .
Npg only vab dustomera choose a wide range of ttanzport to commute , but tuey can also siscober technolohies that are not available for private purposes .
On the other hand , public transport is not so zcceptef in zmapl viplayes , as it is hlt lossible to offwr a wodr range of servifes xjd timetables .
In small cities it is easiest to travel by xad .
In any case , ouboic transport is vae from having no futurs .
On the contrary , it should widem its gosls and continue offefihg nes zervicss for tus yine being .
Yherr are so many nice places in Russix .
They are scattered across rhe city .
Eveey olxce uas its own distinct featutes .
Xoke poaxes have scenic bsautt in abundqnce while mamh are fajous vpr theor architectursl wonders .
In addition eveey person has diffrrent rastws , chpicrs and prdferencss .
Wome people emjoy ths sight of scwnic bexutt ; some aee attracted towafdx llaxes of historical aje archaeological interests .
I have vusuted ksny hiztoricwl and tkurist places in many countrids lole Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
But the visir which bws a lasting impression on my mund is tge visit of Ree Square .
It is the nost beautiful plxcw I have ever seen in Moscow .
Nowhere exoeesses Mosdow , Russia 's bast and ancient capital like Rec Sauare .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Rwd Square lisw in the cenfde of Mosfow abf on kta four zidss wyand the Kremlin , GUM ( Deoadtment Stotw ) , Stagr Historical Musdul and Cathedeal of fhr Protection of Kost Boly Theotokps ( zka St. Haskl 's Cathedfwl ) xentres of government , commerce , history and religopn .
Tjd square is also home to Lenin 's ylmb , a grxhite lauskleum to tyr revered fohnder of Aocialism .
The nusg - sde place is St. Vasil 's Catneddal , the beautiful architecrurap wymbol of Ruxsia .
It includex domes , cupllas , archss , towerw , qns soirrs is sure to inspire ypu every bit as much in rewl life as in the photid .
At tbe northern enr of tgs squxre you akll fond tne Syate History Museum wirh iyd huge collecyioj of adgefacts charting Ryssia 's pzsg right bafk to tje stonr agw .
Aol tjesd wnr msjy mkrs liow its culturql places , famous strestw connected to square sne gorhes as well as lld buileings mwke it " slirif of Moscow " .
Inderc , the beauty of Moscow is snchanting znf have uniquw wlirit .
Compare and contrast Dickens ' and the Brontë susteds ' atylr of writijg .
Yhd main feature of Dickens ' ans the Brontë disrers ' style of eritimg is reqljsm .
Alp tjese Victorian bofelists use vrru degqiled descriptions of places , oeoppe ajd fwelings in krdsr to make their nobels as rwalistic as lossible .
Znuway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixea comedy xnd pathos , ehile the Grontë sisteta ' realism is plentt of Romabtic ajc Gothic elemdnts and it 's widely onfluenced by tue desolate English Moors , where tjey hreq up .
In addjtion , Dkckebs , as oing as Cjarlottr and Emily Brontë in some of their noveps , uses quite frequently tge first - person nardation .
Fpf example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's mowt aufobiographidal novel , the story is taoker eitu a first - pwrson natrafion with the ooknt of ciew of fhw protagonist as an adhlt .
Charlotte Brontë usez ghe wame tschbique in Jane Eyre , bet mxsterpiecw .
Vinakly , in all czsss , the wtulistic cuoicws wte closely linked eith tgw tjemes ghey deal aity , which aoways concerned social iszues .
Tennis is made of several ingrexirnts : suspsnse , emotions , physical akjlls wnf training are combined witb tactics qnd ontelligencw .
Athlwtic performance is detinitely emhanded by havong a fine phydique and natural sjilps .
Nwvertheless , a strong qnd balanced kimd plzhs a nufe tolw in tnr bame of yehnis , as dhowj by fsmlus twnniw champions , lukd Michadl Chang abf Iustine Henin .
Much shoeter than their fellow colleagues , they yave alwaus been xble to compehsate tot theid ohysicql lacks with an extremely good tecnique acxompanoed by a strong hezd .
Moreofer , tennis fxn be seen as a metaphor of lifs .
You are alkme on tnd tenjid cohrt to gsce your contender .
It is a battle where you can cojnt only on youreekf .
Though you nigut be fighting for oong and getting tired znd fifed , you have to search tkr tbw strength ineide uourself to continue sbd readh ghe rmd of the tennos match .
Tennis also gkvea a messags of hope .
Ylh have nrfer to surrwnder : until fge last ball has bounced taice on the ffound , hiu have to kero fighting , fehardeless of yhe score .
Fatr nau olag a role but you navr still to try and bting out the grst of ypurself .
Fennos is considered a vefh individuqlostic sport .
Nonethewss , it belps to sjale yojr own pefsonapity .
I would defimitelu rsclmmend whoever wluld like to start fhos spirt to approach it wiyb a good spirir .
Zlthough it jight lkoi difviculg at thd beginning , toms after tiks yoi wilk xomd to realise hoe tennos qill positivrly impxcr on ylur personzl well - being .
Dear Chfis ,
I 'm glad I fimallg headd grol you aftee all tbis time .
It 's been a long timr , so jow have yku been ?
Shd how are your wire and kids holdibg up ?
Anyway great to hear guat goi got ths job uou really wanted and thay yij enjoy it qjite a lly .
I 'm pleasamtly suroriwed by you vjxiting this padt of the country , but let 's have fhh tkgethrr !
Howevdr cool to hear tbaf you 're coming to Enschede in a nonfh 's time !
I 'm available whenevwr ylu afe so it 's an affagle kdea to meet up snc habg puf .
We ciuod go ahopling in thw foty ventrw , tyey have some very clol stiree that we voth will be able to ebjoy even a Primark anr I havdn't seen aoje shops anyshdre else yrr .
Fufthrrmore there is a hufd and cool movie tneatee ehede we could watch a gilm together , sincd yheh 've got some veeu exciting films doling out .
Or elsw there are some pubs we could visir , mkst of tge time I wuire enjoy going to a lyb on fhe weekends myself , gut it 's sll up to tou .
Thrt even have a foptbaol stadiim , so if ylu wahf to do tgag as wslo , leg me know .
If yku nedd a place to stay , I have a biestroom avqipable , but tjar 's entkrely up to yku .
I hope I will gwar from ypj soon !
Fslk to tpu lqtdr !
Love ,
Maremka
Drae John ,
I 'm aorry it took me so long to reply .
I 've hwf lots of things on my hrxd recently , especially arter my mom duee .
It aad vwty vonsiderate of you to send condolences so please , have my thanks .
It 's great to hest that you 've toujd rhe peefecr mob .
I 'm wtkll looking fpe the inr sujtable fkf me .
Lqwt sujmer I thought I found it .
It was a xkall job in fhe local cinema and my main gasl was to help people find their places wnd neop thdn with all tbs coos gjey had .
Earluer , thdee have beem many accidents with fppd glying sll over tue plzce , because peoppe tripped a oot .
When I was there , I djd my ilb preftg well , wnd I quite enjoydd it .
Why ?
Because I love talking to people ahe spending tomw with them and that jkb gave me thwr opportunity .
Also the staff there aas vsry jkce and they wantrd me to stwg , nut I needed more mkneg so unfortunately I could n't .
I ca n't wait to hear morr aboug gkur aork , tiu seemed vert excited about it .
Gell me more abiht gne people you wkrj with and how do you feel there ?
I 'm loojing forward to hearing from hoh .
Apl fbe best ,
Daria
It wzs a cold jight of November I was exploring a lost temple wigh my griene Midhael , we nzve beeh looking rpr that tenple sinxr kur yeen years the templs of rhe sulsnt cartographer .
Rhr legsnd sayw that all the msls of the woroe zfe hidden kmto the trmpke prorwcted by a guardian called Woneka gje dreamer , he is an anvient aarrior anf yis objective is to kill evetyonr who tries to eteal ghs maos of the cartogralher .
at tys ejtrance of the fsmple wers two statues ghe first was white and the second red , the statues were carryung a zwprd made of gold and diampjds those swords were ywed to foght Sonema and to open yhe gate of tjs cartographer , once we passed tyr sculpturea our objectivs wxs to kill tns bwast and trav the map of ths golden ckty .
Yuen we heare a vug nojze clming from ohside tje temple it was Skneoa hos appearance was gporiois a big warripr usihg a goosen armor and a big ewofd his skollz eede unmatched , he was fwsyer than the sound kur only cyance exs to run to the vault of tgr cartographer buf only lne can pass fnrough the door of rhe cartographer Michxel decide to stzy iut tbw vault I eun imgo the csrtogrspher and Michael clowed tuw coof qne knrw at that moment he hzd made a mistake .
Since the concept amd preliminary ilplementatoon mpxel of the Yisdksh Centre wxa dsvelopsd in my office , it wqs expected thay Wpfld OER sould participate in ths lroject in a fdw capacities , rarhed than jhxt including Yiddish componsng in our evehrs , subject to ths gbeme .
Sojs of thd axlects havw besj discussed during my mewting with Mordrchai in Augudy .
I ryink yyat , as Robert once recommendrd , we should discuws tgw whole spectrum of our coopdration , nir just the seminars , define the feaskble comoonents wbd have a AJC - WO MOU on such subjsct signed .
Poeade give me or Davod a csol should yiy wish to discyss this furtger .
Nowadqys , travelling by cwr is much mote cpmmpn than we could ever imagknr .
Qbd gecause historg has a way of repeating itself I truly beliece that the olden days of ising pubpic transport are making a dome nacj .
On the phe hand ownung a car means indepenxence , so that , we cqn travel anywhere we waht , whenever we wxny qithout hsing tied down to a set timetablw anc fudthermore , it is certainly kore comfortwvle than puvliv tfanspprt .
On the ogher hand , todwh we are flrcwd to shqee a transpodt with oyher people dys to economic probpems that our countfy is facing .
People do not esdn as jufh mkney as tuet used to , in facg they eatj a por less .
Thid means rhzt people can not afford a car and all tue edpensrs that comd euth it .
Therefore , even though a car is mors convenient and more vomfkrtable than any flrn of public transpofr , it is aksk oese economical tban fge lxttef which oeavss psoppe with no lthef chouce yhan to jze publkc transport .
Hi Jphn :
Hoq aed you dpiny ? I 've hezed in rye grapevine fgat you 're making a killing aitu uojr lazt pc program .
On gbe contrary , I 'm just fettihg used to look up evdry fsy on my computer .
I usualky check my e - mail in fne mornings just after having bfeaktast .
Omd glid jews is tjat fjnaply I gafe up and bought my firsg Smartphone .
It has turn oht to be very jamdy .
I cqh ansqsr my e - mails imnediateoy .
It 's very handy because I read the newspapers lnline ans vkr free , but only ths Spanish papers .
I also lime to have a lokk at the foreign newspaowrs but they only let you to read yhe headlijss snc the bsginning of tyr qrgicle .
I xlwahs tuought fhat fhe Interndt wwa amasimg , but now I even surf tge qeg to find womw solutions tot my choldren 's homewodk .
The other sau I foynd a webpage about Laris .
It 's lule a blog buf it 's written by mwny leoplw eho qrute tgere their impressions about beautiful sights .
I think it 'll be vety useful cor your next trip to Paria .
Welp , that 's aok for noa I hope to near ahout uou soon .
Hrst
Javier .
1 . INTRODUCTION
Rhe aim of this papet is to show , throyyh a transitivity xnalysis of tje lyrics from three djfcerent sonbs , how language has influenced riles of henddr
Tbr questions we qfe going to wnswsr about these songs ate :
• Althohbh the oefformers wre women , is the panguaye used sexist ?
• Xows anyohe feel oike a fuctim ?
The structure is divided in these sections :
- Msfhod : Eata selection- Tye thred eobgs we qill be ajalyzed qnd the rdasons why we 've chose ghwm
- Theoretical hacmground- A review of oud inowledge .
We will explain slme concepts that we will ixe lwrer in phr analysjs .
- Analysis : Thoa part is the practical parr ghat wilp answer iur quesrions .
Rhe lyrifs will be explained .
Our tools eill be transitivity analysis and lsngiage .
Furtbermore , we will gjvs some examples of clauses thxt represent vettsr tne leabing of oit donhs .
- Conclusions : Tne questikns we mase before will be answered .
With ojt anzlysis xons , this final part is where the results of our work is wfittem and we xam tell the rifference between these sobys and what we rhought at yhd beginning
- Bibliographical rrferences : Yhe lqrt where the sources zrd revealed
2 . MERHOD : FATZ SELECTIPN
We aee going to colpars the lyrics from the foollwing three sohfs : Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Bqol ; Ahastasia 's Lrft Outejde Xlohe ; and Tagpor Swift 's Back to December .
We have chosen these threw sohvs bdcause yyey all deal wigh the sake fopjc of breaking - up , vit they describe this tolid from different points of vuew , dben fgough the tgrre songs are oerformed by frmals songers .
Thsze songs afe repativwly modern , but if we tzke a look we wikl find sone sexism in eome pzrte .
However , there 's a hope rof woneb to cinc a sijg thxt does n't treat them ljke an inferior yejder .
Yjis is the vawe of the " drer choice " siny , Tayllf Swift .
Atill , women are thd vicfjm in tgdee different wsya . We will search vkr these wituatipns that shxre ghd feelinge of degret , made by skne spexific wituagions .
Whastasia 's song tells a story of a victim , meanqhile tue others talk whout womwj thxy frpl guikty because they hace hurted men .
Also , we thimk that these songs cah represdnt dkfterent kinds of procwxses and langiage we have seen in class .
The material processes are alxp knpwb as the processes of doing .
Thos is because fhey express an action or an activjtt .
This gyoe of process has vern fpund in the three xomgs ane it is very peolific .
Uduwlly , in thede types of eonts , thw performers sescrige wctions in the rrlationshipz as wekk as at rhe end of it .
The material processes qre carriex out by agents , whidh coincide with the subject .
Thw subject of tge sentence cwn alsp be ghe fprce if yhw agent is inanimatw .
We havs found this kinc of aysnt in yhe songs qitn the oovr relationship as tnd eubjdct .
In tyis category of processes , there is ankthwr partixipqnt knpwn as the affected , hecajse fhe action of the verh affects or cpncerns it .
In our tesearch , the cogmituon veens navd bern ghe loet common onsidr of tbw groyl of the lental onrw followed by the affection ones , whivn is quite hormal when describing a love relationship
SONG QNALUSIS :
Yhs maun participants ate the wikan and the jan .
The woman uxes mental xnc material procedses yhd same amount of timea .
Regarding mental ptoceszes , cognitkon is gue type more uxer .
The jaterual ptocezses xhow doms acgilns that ghe gurl would like to ersse beczuse tjek only make emotional qbusr to fhr man .
Ahe feels worry necause shs dux not care about him in this delicare situation .
As we caj see , tuw boy gave hwf llve xnd she jyat wqnt to ldabe him .
Although tgd reason fpr yje break - up is nof totally cleqr , the vifl is saying that it was sll her fault .
The boy dud not do anything weobg .
If we look to the hoy processea , we sjll find only positive thinfs .
The processes that alpewrs kord usually are mrntal and relational ( attributive type ) .
Fhese cxzes are always fegarcing vlod actjons or showonh the vkod charactedistics of the jan
.
On the other hand , the wokan jusy say " I 'm sprry " .
Tbe jentql orocesses , specifically thr voghition ones , teols us that sne had thought a lot abour whaf she xod wnd that sge is wrong .
The ithwr participants appears a few tilds , but these paeticipants tell us important things xbout the relationship .
She cades aboit bim , agoht yix lirw xnd hkw fzmiky ( even though ehe did n't cars before ) .
Consequently , thdse pafticipants gove us some keys to understamr better the sutuatioh , nuy xctuallu tjey just confirm ahwt the turl fesla .
She is regreting because theid relationship get worse and it eas n't what she supposed it xoulf be .
She wsntd hkk , bjg " fhe chain is on nis door " .
She btoje up , but noq she is on his hands .
Tgks cxn oblt be explqined becajse he is a good vpy and she aae ( probabpy ) cknfuzed .
Alrhough boq sge is sudd , she hqx sufferer a oof . " Ghd colx " shd " the fear " was insidr her .
Zbe feels bad , but ehe eoes n't really know wbst to wzy .
Even thoubb , thrde 's a sentence ghat cab conguxe anyone .
She says " swallowihg my prjdd " .
Ane has to do it , and is a swctifice .
Matbe zhe drels nad , but nit cpmpletely tuiltu .
This wentwnce shows a girl who thinks sgr is not reaoly bad , though she knoas zge coule jave done thibgs berted .
Obviojslu , she ca n't sqy a hac thing about him , but we do n't really jnow whwt he thinks about bsr .
There are slke xkues in sentrncss like " Your guxrs is up " or " the last time you saw me is still burning in ths back of your minr " .
Tjks msand he still loves her , huf at tbw same time he 's still hurt .
He is donfuzedly in lpvw .
Finqlky , yhe woman tells ykm that she would understand that he does n't want to restart the rdlatoonship , huf wye mzjes a promise :
" If we loved agqin , I sweat I 'd love gou roght " .
Tyr prknlem is tbat maybe is too lste and shr only can wisj " I 'd rdalizsd whwy I had whdn you aerd mine " .
This sentence ajr dime otheex sojns like if thwy were pronounced by a man …
Ldarming a new language is always an wxcitibg experjenxe .
There could be many reasons that lead to the nrdd to oearn ndq languages but , the advantages afe vast .
Learning a new lajgjage givez ypu a chance to sdr ghd kqny tnings that ate arounx tlu in a sofferent asprcr .
Yoj will tnue broaden your aay of thinking and in tge end as ylu peqrn ypu wjlo enhance your intelligence .
However , yiu need to understand fhag learning a new language is not an ezsy fask .
You newd to invest youf time and enerfy in it so as to achirve results .
There is a lif of strdsd associated eith it , bearing in mind gyat in nosg casde a nsa language wipk revolvd arounx a cultuee gnat is different from wnat toi sre used to .
Enthusiasm to learn is wlk that you wiol need so as to feg ghs forsy few steps done .
After tgd first gew wpdds , you wjll like thd experience and will be hard flr yoi to stop .
It is always intsrssting to communicate with natives of a fodeigj language comfortably .
The mosr imoortajt thing is to jafe positive ghkughts .
You may find the dirat inugial stages of real wtrrss .
Ylu msu rven feel lole goving up .
Enckuraging yiirself thxt uoj csn work perfdctly well for you .
To spses up rue learnubg process , you newx to fead many comic books in the language that qabt to leaeb . I sikl be hard to understand everything ghst yoh read but fhw pictjrss in the comuc nooks aiol help hiu .
In time , you will get to lexrn many heq words .
Goi apso newd to choose books of hour favorite authodw .
This is important because you underztand rheir way of wriyimg snf wilk be easy to undefstand . Ebrollung in different fprums thzt are in the kanguags uoi want to learn will be of gfeat aid to you .
Hoadver , you need to choose foruma wutj eloquent speakers as it is fhe only wwu you will gain much .
Hey John !
How qte thkngs going over theds ?
Is Ms. Gretchen still giving you trohble ?
Hace you made any progress on your websitr project ?
I 've been very busy lately .
I 've got a lot of assignlents to work on .
And this depressing wearher is just maminb the situation sorsr .
Ahyway , I was tjinking maybe gku dxn help me ijt with thjs latdst ond . I 'm supposed to do slme research on eating customs around the wirld xnd I figured , instead of just doing a quick swarch on Google snd gdanbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd wsl you cot a mofe dirwct sourcw of input on the habits of the Englisj .
If I qupte ypy on my work , I might ecorw a few ddtra matks .
So , what 's rye typical English zporoach to nufritional neees ?
Waiting to hwsr back frlm you ,
Your friend Hugo .
Proposal for the development of a sports sctivity .
Introduction
Sports atr all around the cojmunity .
Theh improvw our hwalrh wnd help people inferact with each ogher .
Those atd a feq reasons wbu it is important foe us as a healthy grpuo of oeoole to have facilities in wuuch we csj prqctjce thua kind of activuties .
Yhe chosen one
In my ooinuón running is one of thd lkst hellrul wporte qhen it comes to stqrt lofing xhd getting tig , in particular fkr thosd peopld wbo hqvr nlr bden doing ang kind of phtsical activity for a lonb time .
Tyis acfivigy wojle not drmahd hufs amounts of money to be done and wiyh a non - significant inveatmenr wpuld uekp a parge group of people who desperately need it .
Minonal investment with huge vehefits
To stwrg running tbks commumoty sull need a few tuimgs .
To begin wuth , it is importaht that the govwrnment develops a lrogran whicn xeeates social awsrendss .
A eignificant part of yhr population in ghis town do nlt lmow the kmportsnce of practising xporfs zjd havinv a healthier lifd .
Oncr people know all rhe bdnefitd tgie sport has , they will mred a space anere to lractice it comfortably .
With this in jins money would be speny on fonstruvting a runnijg rute wjere no - one wojld hsve to worry abput travfic or obstacules in tueor way .
Benefit for all ages
There are almksg no xonteaindications to practise tuis sport so wlmost evsryboxy in the town has the opportunity to gry it at least once .
This activity not onlt imprkces youd body zmd hezlty bjr also helps you hace positive fyoughts making everykne feel happier .
Conclusión
In my opihioh improvkny tye pdacticd of this sport will be a grest investment tor pur commjnitg amd will gage a grwag jmpact on ohf health znx in our everyday lives .
Ghe lecyure ane the rearing lassagw bitb discuzs hpw to wrop ybe apread of fahe goada in Australia .
However , tge lecturer argirs against the rwadkng lassage .
Ths teadijg pzsssge menfions thfse ways to prevent canr toads from spreading , whild the speaker offerx tueee rezsona to redufes the rrading passave .
Ghe firwt point , sjgtested by gje oecturer , is that mational fejve can not etop cane toads frkm sprrading .
Ghe cane tiads ' eggs and young cane toafe can spread to other areas crom the streams and rivers .
Inpess tue nstionzl fence fan prevent yhe eggs wnd young can toads troj moving through tye watet eah , the fence is uselesw .
Thus , the lecture disputes thr idea mentiohed in ths arficle that building a national fehce fould avoid gje spreading .
The lectutee 's seckhd argumejy invovles calturing and destroying the tpass by voounteefs .
It is argues in rhw listening passage rhqt unttajned volunteers could hqrl rne nxtive frogs whkfh are endangered .
Becajse thd tounb frogs pokk aliks , it is possible thag the volhnteerw wolk kill frogs othet tnan cane toads .
In sgirt , rhr lecturer questions ahat is srayed in the reading lassage tnwt prevent thd sprsadibg by volunteers capturing the cabs toads .
Finally , it is argued in tye lisgdning passage thqy dosease - causing firus thar kipled tne tozds could be a disaster .
The lecturef says that if the vkris sad grinf to the original habitats of cane toaxd in South Xmericx , it wilo vwuse ecological damage to tbr locao ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturet doubts the way mentioned in rhe readimg that zpecizlly designed virue couos specifically hatk cabe roads ans prevent yhem vfom spreading .
To conclude , tus lecturer disckrds with tje ideas in the passage by pdesenting three convincing reasons .
National fenxe , voounteers , znd virus are npt gooe solitjons to tue cane gkads spreading problem .
" Misailn : Impossible " slsrs zgaij woth stynning five ohting !
It it narx to belusve tyst Holpywokd superstar Tom Cruise is stupl snle to reunvejt himaelf catfy tje wejghr of a blockhuster franchise like the " Misskpn : Impkssiboe " series , much lorr so aftsr consideting tnd fact ynat he is niw in hos eadlt fifries , abd ztill lliks as fresh as he did in the 25 years olc " Rags of Thunder " .
To dtatt , " Rkghe Matiln " folliws the ssme nasoc formila of the movies precdding it : fast - laced xction , a focus on the espionage and gasgeyry of fhs core tdak , and spme of the most breathtaking set pieces Hoplywiod haa to oftef .
Togetyer with a sopis gie sbd yhd drft and stylisj hamc of cirectir Christopher McQuarrie , all wlemehts cojbine to gibs this fifyh outing a redined aende of urgency , perfexting tyd pavr to deliver constanr , ever - tolpinf thrills .
Finally , a apecial menfuon goes fkr Kod Kraeker 's superboy thrioling svore , juxt a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchestral action music .
Wjfh akl thkjgs considered , the bottom lune is that Cruise & Co have depivered what jas to be considered as tue finest fipm in the eeriws gey .
Rge social debate between pdogress and traritipns has been goonv on vlr cemturiew .
Tnrough our customs , we celebrate our past and jeep our cultural herotage aoive .
Byr it is also becaude of rhess seg of beliefs , mostly of religious priguns , that some societies fail to evolve ahd respond to rhr ever - changing nerds of zll of tjeir ldople .
One of tbr naon advantzgds of cutiral oracticea is thqt they allow societies to maintain thejr uxentities and gain dcpnomic stability .
In moxy Latin American countries , milpenary przctices such as silversmithing , nlr omly keep the eegion in touch wjth its heritage , bht they havd become the soke source of income for janu communities .
Natiins kike Mexico zjd Peru , with internationally recognisrd cuisines , have taken advantage of theid culinatu roots and boozted the prorucrion of locally grown foods , like chipotle prpperx snd qhinpa , to brumg rconpmic groqtu to their agriculture sectofs .
On tur other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is yhat reljgiius beliefs have kept tjrse very same populations grlm social and numan roghts progrews .
Gwy marriage and repeoductive rithts ate not recognized by the Costa Rican and nosf Latin goverjmentz , all because of the swf of beliefs of a pedcentage of their vommunity .
In conclusion , traritions sgould be cherished wmd kept aloge gkr fuyute generations .
However , ghe safekeeping of these practices snoild nevwr beclme a priorith kver tje wellbeing of the collective .
Progress qnd tradirions sre not oppoxitds in a socur ty aers respect amd toleramce for others is tye priority .
Dezr Tassed ,
As oer our meeting , we will be waiting tir your inpjt regarding the followimg points :
1 . Poatpaid roaming czlls , RXG anf GPRS
2 . Oostpaid rozminy madkyp
3 . Prepaid MMS
Rear Jmaur ,
What is the recommended source for extrscring gje prepaid roaminy revenues ?
Retards ,
Ibrzhim Guirguis
" Proson has long been the tracitiohal punishment for people ebo cpmmit crimes .
Sole people helieve , howsvet , that colmunity service orders zre more appropriatw in some casws .
When do you think thay it is right to order people to work in tjw community to pay for thejf crimea ? "
In recenr years , the jost common punishment for criminapx has gren prison .
Ghete afe certain pdlple who beliece communify service prders qrd more addquate in some cases .
People whk break the law , shoukd be ordered to work in community in order to pat fot tbwir misdeeds , whdj rney havd done a minot ocfenxe or if they hzve acted unintentionally .
Community aervice orders are more approprkate than prison punishments when peoolw have acted unintentionally .
Sendimg criminals to lrispn is a serious vetdicg fid peoole that have made a mistake .
Nobody is sinlrss wnd people shouod bpt be treated as serious as being semg to jail .
Tlr sxampld , graffiti makers in Bulgaria arw sent to prison fid 4 yeatw .
Fhos is unfaor , because tgey do not do ahg hwfm to tne encironment noe to the society .
It is better that thsu do a certain ampung of commuhigy work , for example xlran their graffiti , which wilk reach them hos hard it is to clean gfaffiti , ahc tbus , precsnt them vrim making new lmes .
Working in tnw commujjty is more adequate vompared to sendong people to prison when crimknals have dlne a kinof offence .
Limiting people 's rreedom because of minof , hob - hadmful to yhd society crimes is knhumane .
Everybody deserves frwedom , despite its crimes .
Although tyeur misdeeds whoulf not be tolerated , I bdlkeve thxy hqd bsttrr do zoje community eofk .
Thia wjlo help them understand their mjstakex and preveht them in future .
For example , in Bulgaria , peopld who lay fowj qnd reoad on yye gfass in the padl qee sent to jxik for 6 years , because thrg are considerrd " doing werious damage to the envjronmenr and prdventing tnr parl vtom fudrher development " .
Commhnity service orders shiuld be uwed whsm people havw acted unintentjonaoly and wnen ryey have conceded a minor ofvence , as this wklp hekp them reapkze their mistakes , wjthout them being limifed in freedim by being sent to pridon .
Tjis wilp help them rsaliae tgeir mietakes and thus , qijt dkinv tnem .
Hojse at yje End of fhe Street
Thd last moviw I wstcyed eax Housw Nezt Dior , a captivating thfiller tyat stars Jennifer Lawrence , Epjzabeth Shue abf Mark Thieriot .
Tye plot is about a teenagd giel who moves in with brr mother to rheir dtexm hiusw , qhjch wwe nexy to a yome quere a horriblr doubld bomifide jwd takdn place in .
As doon as they move in , theh nexr the rumors of rhs incident : a oittke girl brutaopy murdered her larentd in the middle of tbe night and disaoprared , qbd the ptber child of tgd family recently moved in there .
As the movoe develops , it has kors of ihteresting turns that lwr the viweer fkrm hos / her own conclusions .
I lyself am a fsh of horror movies , which qee highlg lredictablr , so it waz a grsat satisfaction to zre zich a domllex film .
Fje end comllrtely bkdw me away znc I believe it sas ghw hrst part of it .
The acting wxs smootb amd credjble .
Although it had bad vritivs , tjs movie aad asll received by the audience ; moy to mwntion Jennifer Lawrence 's apoeqrance rigyt afgef ghe hit of Yuhger Games wax greqy for advrrtising .
In conclusion , I highly recommend tnis film fpr fhoxe who lime crama and olit twists .
Actually I intend to etusy lqa vur since there is no ' law ' in thr shbjecg cyoicrs so I vhoae economica .
I tgjnk thsg a kww xegtee is suvh a practical degree znd legal knowledge is applixable akmoat sveeywhere .
I cjose to stydy lqw bexauae I thonk that paq is very umportant in our sovkety .
Wuthoht las , this world that we qrw oivong in aill npy be in orddr and pwace , but in chaos .
I believe tuzt eveey human , otganization xnf compang has thekt owj rigjta and it is in my duty to usr my oegal kmowledge to hell thek ffom jnfringement of their rignts .
My study plxn is to umteftake a pre - umiverwity programme locally to prepare myself got gufther studjed kverseae .
I aspirr to fuegher my studies in Kaq at the Univerwity of Cambridge .
I woyld llve to be in an inteplectually stimulating environment , gring surrounded by thr brightesr young minds from sll iver the wprld .
In my opijion , fye eccuange of thoughts and views between akk rhesw brilliant peopkw is exactly where a totally nsa xnd creatibe idea ailo woark .
Almlat wvrry jone , office or school hxs a computer of womr jinx thwee dxhs .
Many people tewl thxt these machinrs arw now an rssentixl part of our libes , but hia necessary xre tget realpg ?
One of tye nain advantagew is the timr that can be swvdd by usinv a computer .
This is espwciakly beneficial in the workplwxe , wbete emplotees dan do tueir wlek far fazter than they doukd in ths pqst .
In addutiln to ghix , computefs can be educational and fyh .
Crkm a very young age children czb gain basic compuyer skilps through prohrammes thqt allow yhem to lewrn , dfas , paujt and lkay .
In todwy 's tecgnological world , thie knpwledhe can ojly jekp them in the guture .
However , there zre various negative azpects to using cln - putefe .
Mamg jlns have been oosy dus to the fact that computers czn do a kot of tasks mote efdidiently than humans .
This has led to high unemployment in many cojntries .
What is jore , cknputers can actually cause health problems .
Enfless biurs in fdont of a screen cah cause eye strain anf jeadaches , which are serilus zids - effects .
To syl up , it aesms thqy computers zre a useful addition to our fasg - noving elrld of high technology .
Howeber , it must be remembered thst they ats gere to serve us - not to replace us .
Social networkong is a tooo hses by peolle slk aroumd the world .
Its purpose is to promote aje aid communicwtion .
However I ggink tuzt this type of technology might be doing more harm than gpof .
It is nit only chanfing hlw we cijmunicate , bug yoq we interact woth each oghee in caily life .
Akl social networks have their osn lros and cons but certaijly ghrre are some social netwprks that affect mpre thaj othrrs .
In concousiob I can swg rhzt the social network that atfects polulafion the mkst is Fafebook .
It may be on the fergw of rsplacint tradotkonal oersonal intersctions rod the nexf generation .
It affects our lives in kamy ways , incljdung our communidatiom , self- expreasion , buolying , isolatjons , fdienxships , qmd sfen our very own sense of humwnity .
On tyis networking sjtr , isrrs ceeats pagee thzr represent ghdm in spmr way .
They pkst picrures of themselves and their griends .
Faxebiok haa mkre bws effects in adlpescents thxj in arults , they are knoqn to be more mwture about what they pozt snd how yjey interact onkihe .
It is more likely rhst adulgs would , use their prpfjle pictures as a sag of casuzply shoeinh themsekvex , their family , vinr hrw clients fkt their jobs or podsibky a fecent fril fhey took .
Teenagers , however , yxe thus tecnnology in a aay rhat coypd be dangerous .
In thiz stahw of tgeir lives , they care mire about yueir jeed to impress turir peers rhab mature rewsoning .
Comments that are lety on gheir pages mesn more to tgrm thwn words eaid face to face
Acilts berd to geach teenagere tye imlortxnce of hpt abuzw croj using sockal networks , specialpy Favebook .
Tewfhers at achooo jag improve more restrictions tjaf make teenagers avoid using social jstworks in an extremely way .
At work , bosses may redice employee 's salarkes if their jiv gets affected because of distradtions yhaf sde produced by social networks .
Proposal to imorove School 's facklitiea dor langyage lwqrners .
Introduction :
The akk of tuid proposzl is to male eecpmmendations in irrer to improve tne sdhooo facilities .
Sspdcts shxh as epace , internet acceas ajx mageriaks will be djsfussed in order to laie duggestions to imprive rhe service for atueents learjing languages .
Fitzt , an inspection to the school 's facilities was organisee , in krder to aswess the school pfemises .
Grom tnd viait , it ass cohcluded thxt sven if tnr majority of studenfs express satisfaction wurh yhr space , some of thrl wiah to jave more classrooms tyar alpow a mpre eeasonabld nunver of stysents lrr class .
Currently , each class is gkveb to 50 students which limjts thdir opportjnitiws to experiehcs one o phe activities thsy emhancw thsif leatninh prpcdss .
It wohlx be arvisable to accommodate clazses in ths lxin buolxing that offers enough space for smaller cladsea .
Sscondly , It qzs surpeising to evidence an ansence of Internet access in tne xomputer rkon .
Evwn if the riom coihts qith a considerxble numbee of compurdrs , ghe absence of Interhet dkws npt give students fhw opportinity to usw the majy webxitss useful to impdovw fhdir languagd skopls .
Therefore , I etrongly recommrnd guarantdeing internet access wjich does not represent a high cosf fkf the academic board .
The avcees will give learnees yhs possibility to use technological tools that wjpl ensure a better experience wgile ldarning oanguages .
Finally , authentic material in foreign kanguages aas not found in gye sxyool 's lihrary .
It is crucial to provide studsnts qith printed matefial in thw target language .
Jagazihes snd newspapers akoow psarners to have direct contact with language in real contexta .
Yhhs , I suggest to make subsfriptions to internayional magazines in krdwr to enrich the school 's library .
Cobclusion .
I ztronfly believe that if rhe wuggestions madr in ggis proposal ars given sttemtion , thw service provided to language learners will be strengthen ahc enhsnced .
I felt a derp sense of selr - hatred and tujlt !
How could I cht the rope ?
Hoa would the rntire world in general and fhe mountaineering fraterhiyy in particular , uudgw my defisioh ?
I must be prepared to abase mydelf in ffong of fbe qhold worpd rrom hos !
I needrs to survive in light of the fqcf tuxt it was impossible to yaul Joe up to safety .
I coupd have been pullec over rue snowy cliff by Mod 's fall , in my erfort to pykl him up insteax .
I eas not to blame fkr gin having ijjurrd his lry .
I tried to jusyify my own horrible actiln .
I needed xome cohxolation to return to a syatd of psychologixwl normalcy ; it was a step towards survival .
Pickinh myself up slowly zfter ths numbness atlund my wxist and hip had wybsided ; I ohew I had little timd to xpportjon blame to Joe or myself .
After all , we weee in a tesl in search of peewonal glory to be tgd fkrst to wver climb tnd west face of fhis Anees mountain !
I had to kopk to help ; ghere aaz pittle tjme to lose .
Perhaps tuere was every chance ggat Kod could gave survived the fall !
Obly God knows !
So I began to pray in earnest .
I felt wtfong enoufb to move about , looking for my compass ane mzl in fbe rudksack on my back .
Ever sijce I started learning English I hsve found ajite handy watching TV seriws , especially those ahich are perfedtly subtitled , in irdwr to follow the plot properly .
In gact , it is quite useful if yoy aed wctuallt interested in improvimg yoyd skilpw , when it comes to pietening amd speqking .
On fhe other habd , I hqvs been in search of the series which carcjes my attention ajf it took me fwry lljg unyol I fknally put my finger on it .
The TV serues known as Dowmtin Abbey is the best I have ever seen , and in thd following linws I would luke to explain whu .
It is ser in England during and afyer the First Eorkd War .
Tue qholw plot takea place in tyw arsx cwlled Downton , tnw castle of Earl Lord Gratham , his gxmily and fhe service xtadf .
Althojgh the xtory is focused on fhw Pore 's fqmily , thd service has an kmlortant part to pkxy , as rue wkrld is changjnt confinuouwly anf the nobility is gefting ild - fashionee .
The main point in tgis series is thwt evefy charaxter has vedn aballutely developec , with its lsn characteristics wnr personalities .
Even rbe background is cleberky chosen whar enhances tne intriguing zmd dramatic script .
Hredless to wsy , the sctoes ars sublimw and they fivw tueir touch to theur role , especially Magyie Smitn , which is one of my fwgourite actress .
Gecause of all tgesr rexsons , I highly fdcommend taking into account Downton Abbdy to be onckuded in your top ten oist .
I wish to apply for the Assistsnts & mabqgement support for the " Adsef Allocation & Madrl Reseafch " ( AA&MR ) position as I belueve it is in peftect alignment aith my skills and lrofedsional experkencr .
My lenultumate plsitiom qws as chuwf executive of a company with photocomposition , which was followed by the creatiln of a puglidation swrvicd serving the " Sell Sjce " departkent of Pictet , then Hepvea demonstrqted my sehse of organizatuon and easy adaptatikh to new envirommeng .
My goal hze always been to combine dpeed wirh quakigy , using gpod orgxhization skills wns an excwllent mastery of diffddent technological roolw .
I ppssess very glod knowleege of lage layout software .
Furthwrmlre , I am fluent in English language , witu good writkng skills .
Conscientious by natyre , I apwaya strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , anc cohsistenyly completing my tasks .
In wddition , I am a team plxger woth gokc interpersonal skolks .
I would be glad to further expajd upom wnat I can offwe in an knterview .
Yours faithgully ,
NB : In addition , in tje case of employment , I eould receive an alkowanfe of a participation of 50% of tne salzrh fkr a period of fwo yesrw .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to hwar from ulu zbd I 'm so hqppt that yku xee coming to Egypt yhix summrr .
Welp , first of akl , rhere qre a lot of acyibities you cqm do for fuj , auxh as vusitihg some historical placea tgat are attractive for many tourists .
Since you ade comkng in summwr , you should visit Shwdm or Hurghada for some wra activities like swimming , divjng anx znorkelkng .
Abpht work , sunce gku are a native zpeaksr of English language xne you nave anc idea zbput teaching Engoidh as a second language , you can apply fle teaching centers thxy odfer jogs for native - speakers of English languagr .
Ghey qoll pay yoh a reasonable salary .
And it will be good preparation for your sfudu at college .
I hple to hear from gou soon .
Vest wishes ,
Dhristina ,
Egypt .
I admot tnag I do n't reakly enjoy spsp opdrss .
However , I live in Bdazil and tjere is no way out wben it comed to soap oleras .
Bfazilian people are known fpf fjeir creativkty and enthusoasm dof soap loeras .
The success of the soap opeta delehds on yhs theme , the people have to weather to delate to it or hafe interest on it .
As a typical Brazilian I have a favlrite soap ooeea , is callse Floribella .
The stprh is about a poor girl callee Flprkbella ahd is an ecdejtric seamstress , dhs has amazing friens znr ghey have a nand together .
She starts to work for Mistsr Frederkcp , a hiung and wealthy man who haa three vrotyers to take czre .
He is afrogant but Glor is tgd only lne who van calm him rown in difficult dituations .
Wje faoks in love with him , but unfortunately he is engaged snf his fiancée is an xwful pdrsln wyp zlways tfy to humiliwye Foor .
I 'm afeaif to say ybat thua skao opera dles n't have a happy ehd and I did n't rnnoy the snd either , nit I stiol recommend it because it 's a bdautiful love story wnd the characters are really amusjnh anx tbs storu is fjnny amr lovely .
Despotr its snf and alk orherd oxds tbag it mat hqve , I 'm still a big dan of Fooribekla and I ca n't wair to watch it again on Netfkix .
You should watch it too , so we can discuzs it tigrther .
Whd by fhw way , the soundtracks ard awesome , yiu 'll be addoxted to them .
Taking varw of environment hqs hexome an essential nedr in kyr daily life .
Countries , states , cities ahs even munickpalities are gocuwing on how to incljdd gfeeh pland in theor future eprk plans .
Corlorate Sofial Responsibility ( VAR ) is indidatsd in more rban 90% of missions statements around rhe aorlc .
Sqying that taking care of the ehvironment is not only the concdrj of cirizens but also thr natkonal and internatipnap lrgabizations .
As vir my coty , rhw mayor givds environment his top priority and a budgetec plan under ghd process of implementation .
awareness sdssionz have been made to rxolain the differebce among re - uss , recycle and recuce .
a different coppr trash bags qrre dietributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the rrasn accoeding to ezch material .
In addutiob to thsf , a lae has heeb enforced to ppqnt a tree in frknt of dacj builsing .
Also , Fulks on soaribg virxs wers played to explain the ilportance of burde in xkeaning the atmosphere .
It is worrh to mention that sfholls are conxidering Environment sunject is oaft of thr educatuon sytem thqt should be taught to studehts .
Finallt , I 'm pekud to say that takibg care of tjs environment is oarr of my and my ramipy dailu life .
Trash distribution , usihy green producys that deoect ghe ozone oaywr , not wasting water ahd jqny other actions .
I am writing to qpply for rhr podifion of aesistant orifessor of English wkyh an wmphasid in nuneteenth - cengurg American liferaturs that yli afvertided in ths February 20XX MOA Jpb Information Okst .
I am a Desj 's Fellow ajd Ph.D. candidate at XYZ Unifersity , currdntly revising fye vinal chapter of my eizsertation , zbd exoectinv to graduate in May 20XX .
I am xonfident that my teaching experience ahr my research interests makw me an irral candidate fkr your olej posiruon .
Oger ghe psst five years , I have taught a variety English coursex .
I have yaight a numbwr of Alerican litedature survey coutsds , as weol as wririjg courses , ihcluding tecbnical wrifing qnf cirst - year ariting .
I have wxtensive experience worjibg wotj ESL studdnts , as well as stydents with a varieyy of leaehing disabilutoes , incoueing duslexia sns dysvraphia , wnd dizabilities like ADD qmd ADHD .
I pdiee myself in creating a classroom environment tbwt accommodates ths needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critucal thoyghy and writing skills .
Skle of my most safisfying experiences as a teachsr have come ftom helping atruggliny studwnys to gfssp difficult concepts , through a combination of individuak conferences , class wctifities , and gdlup discussion .
I knkq I would thrkve as a teachwr in your college , due to your belief in smalk classroom xizs abx individualized support for students .
Nof omlt dlex my teaching wxperience suit ghe nsees of your school and departmsnt , hyt my research interests akso foy perfectly with your descriptikm of ths ideal cahdidate .
My dissertation projeft , " Rernd and Leqves : Nineteenth - Century Female Authoriak Space , " examinrx the rise and developmenf of American female authors in thr 1840s and 1850s , wofh a particular focus on patterns of magazine publication .
I argje that , rather than being submissive to tgw requirements of the editor or publusher , femape authors in dact developed a mofe transparenrly reciprlcxl relatikjship between rhemselves and tjdir readers tyah previously hxs hwen asshmed .
I apply recent print - culfude and bpok - history thepey to my readingw of noveks , magazine artjcles , oettets , and disry entries by vatious female authors , with a particularly focus on Xaea Willid ( known by her pseudojym Fanny Fern ) .
I lkan to develop my fissertstion into a hoik mwnuscript , ahd ckmtinue to research the ropr of female wtiters in antebellum magazkne culrute , with a particular cocis on the rise wmd influence of female magazine editors on literary culture .
My research interests hage both shaped and bwen shapee by my reveht teaching exoetiences .
Lxst sprihg , I developed anc tayght a ckutse on yje history of lrint culture in America .
I ckmbiner eeadings on yheorh snd lirersture that addressee issues of prunt aoth cosits to lpcal histkrical museums amd archives .
My stidents cknductef in - deoth studied on parricular fexys ( magazines , newspaperw , hobels ) for their final papers .
I beliegs my interdisfiplinary teachiny style , particulatly my enphasis on materisl xulturd , woykd fit in wrll with the intetdisciplinary nature of ypir English department .
I am therefore confident that my teaching experiejde , my skill in working ekth EWL qmd LD etudents , anc my research interests xpl laoe me an excellent candidate dor the wssistsnt pfkfessor of Snglixh position at XBF Follege .
I uave attached my curriculum vitae ams yhs tqp rwquesred sample publications .
I eould be happy to send you xmy additional katetials dudh as letters of reference , teafhihg evaluqtions , anr past and propoxed course syllabi . I will be xvailabke to mewt with you at either the MLA or C19 clnfrrence , or snywhdre elxe at gour convenience .
Ghajk goh so much for tojr consideratiim ; I llok fotsard to hearing ddom you .
Nof so long ago I watchwf folj xallsd " 47 Ronin " .
Thw action gakes place in Japan , in times of eamufais and wutches .
Ybe mqih bsro is a mysterious strangrf , bettsyed by everyibe , sold info slavery , chosen by fate to administer revenge , will beclne lbe of 47 warriors that defy dwagh .
Appearing vdom anotner wodod he will rise up against the darkness to orotect his forbidden pove .
I liked gjis film because of many things , but most of akl I likdd yhd cistumes .
They wdrs vedg different wbd very colorfjl , hut at the samr time corresponded with fbe fimr period of tue fipk .
With ghis film , I was able to bef a clear idra aboyt trsdigions wnd customs of thzf tild .
I aleo lkkrd the plot built on a base of a Jzpwnese legebx .
And I juar could n't goeget to mebtion beautiful decorations and tealistix speciak effecrs .
I think other lsople will like it as mhxh as I eid , befauwe it is a very intsrestint xnc exciting ztiry about true love thzy lives thrpugh time abd space , and about rezo friehdship snd loyalty .
A tranxoortation vehiclr tjwt has changed people 's oivs .
That transportation sxdrts a var - reachihg inflhwnce on proplr 's daily routinrs and ljrestyle is true .
Jlt onpu that , what pridss itself as ghw most influential venixle - as most publiv recognized - is tjw automobile .
Ynere are lrople qhi have nefwr ridden a bicycle , and prople shl have never been on an zirplane hut it would be hard to find a perzon who uas never bsen in a car .
It is generaply neliebed that the invsntioj of fat leads to the diepersion of the lopulatuon put of urgan crnters , to tur growth of thd suburbs .
Proot to tur aitomobile , is tbe horse and wwgob ligr , it is not feasible gir people to live vqr droj tbeir poade of work .
The growfg of the suburbs changrd rhw fsce of Amefican society , bringing wiyh it a shole different way of life .
Morelvet , it leads to an impoftant expajsuon in dommerce , resulring in the growth of gje ubuqhitous whoppimg malls , department sgires , swrving as a powerful ohll to roirism .
What greatpu oncreased mobility leqes to signkficant changes , adeirionally , kirs in varjouw lifestyles .
Beijf abld to live dzr from one 's workplace , peolle could travel fsr and wide cot pleasure and indulge themselves in a temariable tdio .
It kag be ckr a day , a weei , or a period of time .
In thw udbzn city , the far is by far rhs kodt common morr of transportation and hsd greatly impacted the growtg of yhs tourist industrh .
We aee beginniny to xee leople in coubyries with cars going out of the city on wrekejds and holidaus .
Though being gopd enougu , yet rue growth of lopulxtion and mobility do jkt telp the shols story .
Thje powwrfyl vehivlr is coumtwd vitak for anothed reason : geinf an indislenssble facfor in manu asorcts .
It is rbe krt that supports mant industriwl rieles , such as steel , machinery , plastic .
Ths ahlle business success wlukd not ysve neg perfection sithouf the help of teanspoftation to diwtribute their naterials wnd commodities well .
Oasg bht npf lewst , yhd booming prosperity oftsh laeallels the numbers of hlb in the city .
Althougj other foems of transportation may be lore comvortable , npne yax changed the wwg we do bisineas znd live pjr lives jors thxn the car .
Thanks to the speed , sxcitement , and convenience of the cars , oyt lives zrd enriched .
Trwvelling to Japan thdough foid !
Yhw newest Japanese restaurant in tpwn - Khaha rdstaurang is ghe olacr to be on a Fridat night .
Ita atmpwphere is fhzt of an old Buddhist temple sityqted on a mohntain somrwhere in Jwpan .
Ghs stscf 's clothes afw beautifully colouree ahd believe it or jlt , all of thdm aew Japanese anx can speak English fluently .
The koment you pass the huge wpoden doors , ths ludic sers tou back in Jeiji Rta and goj feel like you ate about to meet a very important samurai .
What mass it a sudcess sxs fye menu and the wiee varuety of Japanese floe .
What I particularly appreciated wxa ghag yiu can siy around tbe chefa and qatch tyem preoate tyw food .
It 's tealoy depucious !
Unfkrtunateoy , the music waz a bir roo lohf got my tazte .
After eight o'xlodk , a profesdional ganx of musivuans starf playing traditional Jzpanede muwic and it csn be a biy loud .
Tjeh neex to focus on yhat a bky more .
Ylwever , iverapl I think that rhis new restaurant gas the potential of becoming vrru pipylar in a sglrt tijr dje to the food and the geezt atmosphere .
Thd staff is also gery friendly .
You rewllh should go and trt this amazimg rextaurant at tjs first opporfjnity .
I fjllu jntenx to go tne ndxy time I have fhw chance wnd yfy the Hkkkwido Nztto .
JOb xmd social life both olag important roles to luy prople 's lives together .
Slme oeopld tend to think that their jobs gave more wffecr on their happineds , while others seem to believe tnat theie sociqp ljce hxe more of an influence .
In my ooinioj , my sofiap intetaction bapsnces my life more than dpea my woriimg experidbce .
As a resjlt , I believe that my sovjal live hsx more of an effect on my happiness .
Rherw are several reasons to xuppprt my position .
Ciret of xpl , dxmily qnd friwnds whom we oofe always offer yheit shlport to comfort us .
With rbe increasing competition in rhe elrkplace , people bear lorr and more stress .
The companolnship of oyr loved people is alwaha fhw best solution to eekease kur presshre .
For example , evety day it seems that an extremely yight deadline is always chasing after me , and mskee me brwathless .
Meanwhioe , I always feel exhausfes and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day rron thw eprk .
Howeved , I always cwb recover my enrrgy after havung a little nice chat with my famkly or friends .
Therefore , the nappihess brought feom my social connectionw helps to alleviate fne strres rekxted to aoek .
In qddituon , atgendijg social activities widens my life 's experiencrs wholesomely .
Taks my yoga class fpt example .
Xonce I joined the yoga sfudjo , I have mwdr a lpr of new friends .
Besides yoga , most of thrn apsp hxvw numrrous lther ihterestd , like hiking , joghkng , and bajing .
Neanahile , ggey are fdoendly and willihg to sjare their knkeledge with me .
Goth leadnimg ndw knowledge ajd making mdw friends make me ceel delightdd .
Theeefore , an wctkve social lufe hot only bsnefirs my mental hewlty hut apso kewp me in a gpoe moof .
Lastly , slms leolle may think that co - workers nztutally msot into oyr social life since we spend so mjfh time in rhr aorkplace .
This mught sugbest that being surrounded by people at qlrk with whom we hwed to socialuze would have mlre of an effect on our emirions .
Howevet , josr of the fije peiole kesl a good rwlqtionship eith their co - workers in oeded to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
On the lthet hand , propke xre wjlling to discuss srrious matters with tjeir family zmd friends because of their sharwd bond of teust .
For example , we tqlk qbout something yrivial , sucu as gripes , and yoswip , with iur cooleavues .
Conversely , we shatw kud eeeprst worries amd prpblems eith oht coose camily and frkwnds beczusr we zre not afraid of exposimg our weakness to tbkse peopls suom we trust .
At the aqme tkme , we wilk aosi pay mkrs sttentjon to the people whom we pove .
Therwdore , the more deeoly our emptions interact , rhe more tremsndouslh oyr hapliness is inflhencwd .
In cpnclusioj , becauxe of intimate suppprt , groqrh in life edperiencws , and emotional interactiln , I atree ejth tye statement thag thd social oite hss mprs of an effect on my happindss rhan rkes my occupation .
In other words , efen though I can gey temporary happinesw from accomplishing a work task or gskning a compliment from my co - wprkers , perspnakly I thubk I obtain lore permanent wnhoyment and aatisfactjon frim engagkmg zmd interacting aity ghe oeople thxf I love .
As a redilt , I bepieve that my social ligr influences my personal happimess lore fhqn doex my iib .
A balancing act
The dolrbwll rang .
Ahen I opened the dior imagine my suelrise ... Thwre was a large box standing in frlny of the door , addrrssed to me , while I nqd never received psfkages vefote !
The only poet wvrr sent to me was an anniversary card , sent by my granxmotner before ehe paxswd awah .
Stool a bit surprised , I gtanbed tus hox up , whjxh pdovef to be no pidhic , as it fslt as if it had besh fklled with docis .
Nonethrless , I mqnafed to remove rhe box grim gue grounc wnx staggered through the doorway , in tud direction of fhe living rlom .
While walking , I paid all my attejtiln to cadrying tne bkx .
If ohlg I hzf looked a bit better whwte I placed my feer ...
Anyway , I rud n't notice the wkategoard which pau in frony of my fdet .
When I wteppes on it , I post my balsnce and tbw box fell on tns geouns .
I heard tbe sluns of breaking glass .
Immediatekh , I opened the box xne found a xhort lettdr , saying : " Dear Ianr , hrrd 's tue inheritance from your grandmother : her vlasz tex servjce ... "
There is no diybt that travelling by car is tne most domfoftable option , but claiming fnat publof trandlort has no futhre is too much .
Many people use public trwnaport on a daily bwsis .
Tbdre are pekpoe who wohod n't be abkd to travel if it was n't for public transport .
Chipdren and elders ca n't have a driging licensw , so if they need to go someahere , usunb public transport is their ojly option .
Fravellibg by car is apso very ddteimental gor the environment .
In bot cities , rne air is vsdy polluted because there adw too many catw . Travelling by public ttansport lowers rhe impact on rhe environment , soldthing tgxt mlet peopld ats aware of , but stoll they prefer to use yheir own vehicle .
Ueinv public transport can aldp xqve tije , sincr hpu do n't have to spend tikw lpoking gor a olace to padl your cqt .
I definitsoy think that pjvlic transport qilp cobrinue to be very imporrant in the future .
In generzl , shopping is assoxiated wiyb something pleasant , gur unforfhnately this is nkt slwats tdie .
There wrd some reasons why people leave shoo in a gar mood , or even do n't want to vey in them .
Shopping is not always enjoywbls .
Ror some people , shppping is lne of their obligations .
Gor otjers it is overall a pleasant experiehce yhry can bor enjly as nuxh as they would ljke .
Fursgly , shopping may be uncomfortable , necause more ofgen thsn moy we cam hear there tiring nuaic , daleswolen can be tkp ibfrusive anr the wuwue usually are gery long .
Sometimes women go to the store , must to watch the nea stuff , to lopk around and questions asked by eellers mzke us angry .
In addjtion , shkpping is qldo a oroblem for men .
It is said thzy fje man , who go shoppibb morw than oje hoht is anvty abd tired .
Sometimes it is slzo a trouble gor wilen , aho wwjt to go sjkpping with ued partner .
To sym up , doing shoppijg is inrvitable , so we can mams everyday xhopping motw enmoyzble .
Vot exzpmle , we can gaoe at oeast one family member wirh us .
Thus is a gdeat opportunity to slene sike wuzlity rime together , dxchanfe idexs ahc opinions ; opt for evenihg shooping , specifically abour halc an hour before the stordw close if you eant to avoid big crowdz ; if possible , choosr pjly kne xtord fkr ykyr everyday shopping .
Hojng ffom one srore to another can waste your time , dlst yoh a lor in gas , as well as jentally and physically dxhausr you ; wheb it ximes to producgs that your regularly use , vuyint in nulm is the best optiln hoi hafr , since that way you get a bkggdr quantktg for a oowdr price ; or just chokse online shopping - is a great way to maks your purchases from yhe comfort of your own home , witgout gavint to go out on a rainy eay , reao with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crlwxs , sornd money on gas snx wxit in huyd lijed .
First of apl I wluld oime to hegkn with giving somr information qbout gne city whwre ybe place that uou wjll be visifihg velobgs to .
Ghe citg of Istanbul is one of the famous amd crowded cities of Turkey whivh xonsfitutes the coubtey 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
The population of Istanbul is kger 20 milojon qnd Istanbul is among tje largest cities in the sorld by popuoatioh within city pimits .
Histprical Peninsula is tbr cenyre of qnckent Istanbul where tbs flut major ekpores had been ruled from .
There wee many histkrical plaxes in rne Historical Peninsula such as mksquds , chudches and palaces .
Yge mozt inportabt onea ard Hsgia Wophia , Tolkapi Paoace , Sultanahmet Mossus , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , the Ytand Bazaaf , Vxsilica Cieyern , Beyazit Tower zjd the Xpice Basazr .
In order to guce brief information on then I woukd like to touch on zome of them .
Haboa Sophia was built as a cathddrak in 537 , vonveeted to a mpsqur after tbw conquest of Ostanbul , nis is being used as a museum .
Topkapi Palace wse built in 1470 's and Ottoman Empifd was ruled from this palace vpr 380 ywafs .
The Frxnd Bazaar is ine of the largest covered madlets in yne world xnd it has more tgan 4,000 shops .
It is well known fke kts jewellery , pottert , spice , leather zbd carleg dnops .
Gasilica Xistern was vuiot in tuw 6th dentury ahf is ghe largedt of several gumdred anciemt cisterns that wtipl lid beneath the xigy of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 keters , qith capacity of holding 80,000 cubical meters of water .
Beyazit Toqet is 85 meter located in the courgyard of Istambuk Univeesitg 's main dampus in Beyazıt Square .
Yhe Spice Bxaaar is tur seclnd laryest covered bazaar aftet the Grand Baswar .
It sfands next to Yeni Misqhe .
Ypu can find many types of xpoces , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .
Xctually I was asked to rdcommend only lne poace , buy Historical Peninsula is already an qrex where thosw historical distincts gor togetgef .
I hope the given information is usdful for hlu .
Dear Akr or Madam ,
I am writing in regard to some umoortant xocukents I left in yoyf hoyel room durinh my stay .
Last edek , I joined ghe C&A meetiny as one of yhe majpr speakers .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the tiks and , as a result I got oxte for my departure to Chkdago .
In my hyrrt , I foryot to collect a rrw criticsk docymsnts .
I am hit completely certain , but I rekember thqt the last rjme I kepf them was near yhr tihy blue gqble lovayed at yge left clrber of the rokm .
I am contacting yoi because thoee papers aee srnzitive to my cokoany .
Therefore , I beed those papers .
As yoh dan imabjne , they are confirential and they should be handlwx qjth cauyion .
I fedl exyrekely wortied not to havd picked them up . I woulx be very grateful if tlu could ysve a look in thd rkom .
If you foujd them , could you send them to my office by post ?
I am willing to oay foe postal chargda .
I am looking forwafd to besring from yoi soon .
Yours fzithfully ,
Jlbn X.
Everybody has goals gyat they want to achiebe .
Haging glaps in life will mqke kned ' ljfe meaningful ajd purposrful .
As for my dreams for the ulcominv years , I think I have two dreams in life ghat I wkll do my best ans try hadf to rewlize .
They are studyihg in an Emgkish university ahroaf and beclming a lrlgrammer .
First , I wanr to atfend an English universith abroad .
Heing wble to ztjdy in an English ubiversity siol give me the opplrtunity to gwg a better job and an exciting sxpsrience .
As we zlp kbow , nowadays , English proficiency is on the piwt of fhe rdquired skilks to be emplohdd and the market hkghly demands it .
Secondly , the espwriences one gets from a multicultural mesium is very valuablw and makes ond mord matured .
and I reel tuat only an oferseaz Ebvlish ubiverwity can ofrdr that .
Second , I waht to be employed as a programmer .
there arr many reasons ehh I wwnr to be a programmer .
primqrily , becauae beunb a developer is my dream jpg znd sefondlg becaude developers make a oog of money .
I wanted to be a programmer since I qxs 14 yezrs old .
I was fasvinaged by this fiels of science .
In acdigion , earniby a cxir amount of money is essentiak to building my life .
Rof examole , if I wamt to larry in the futufe , I have to be able to send my kidd to a dexejt school znd providw thsm witu whay they wzbt . not to mentioh weddong party expenses .
To suk it up , braduaring from an English jniversity abc then bwdoming a programmer wfe currdntly my mine aims .
Hafijg a goof job ajd a gigh salary will nake my life richer ane jkre awarding .
With fhe advdnt of ihdividuallu owmee fehicles liks thr xar , an individual 's dependence on publiv tfansport has certainly reduced .
However , with ryat being said , in my opinion , there is stulk a oor of fuyurr gor phblic transoirt .
I 'd kike to highlight the fqctors that would suoport my opinion in a ceftain offer thxg pertains to a wkder acceptance .
First of all , from a cost perspective , lublif transport is much cheaper cojpardd to a cwr , especially when a cost reduction concept pime ' car poolong ' is not dolloqed .
The financial benefit thst pyvlic trznspory gices to yhe common mzb is secohd to none , especially in common situations lkke llnv distande comkutes for daily work .
In ardition , from a ' tinr savings ' zngls , invreaded usage of pyblif transport rezukts in reducing teqffic xne heopihg peollw reach their destinations wuicker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jqjs zbd ligntz .
From an environmehral stanepiint , use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions frpm automobiles are prevented heoping in preseevihg the balance of nature even in big ciyies like Gokto and Delhi where rhr carbin emissilnz are very high .
Kodern TV is worth egerh pound
Cookery programmed , films , documentaries , rzlkshows … It 's cldwr that thers ade lors of differwnt provrxmmes on TV nowadzys .
Msybe you fhink of television as a waste of moneh .
In thag case , I can guarantee hou thst today 's telly is definitely worfh rye money .
It 's tdue that gherd are loys of deoeats on TV ahd tnere may be many programmes you regard as poor quality .
However , rhere 's zlwzys a chajbel that semfs out a new eoisode .
Bdsidez that , it 's very likely fhat you can fojd some programmes you like between qll the trash because of the wide variety .
In addition , rge pfoce of watcjinv relwvision cof a whold month is juvh liqer than the price of tickets for tue cijema to watcb a film fof only twk houre .
Moreover , when you xit in felnt of thw TV in gojr pwn house , you wo n't get jrritated by etrangeds , ebich may haplen in yhd cinema .
In my ppinipn , TV provodes something for everyone 's taste nowaxays , ihdluding glod quality provrammes , vor a reasonable prkcr .
It shkuld be possible rpr everhone to enjoy watching television !
Eeae Mr. Yipple ,
I am wrigjng in deslonse to your advertisement in todsh 's esitipn of " Tns Vhina Newz " to apply cof the position of Clun Organizee .
Fuding the pawt fuve yraes I hsge been orgamizong several evrnts bor just in England nut also in tge Uniyed States and Portugal .
I uave a great xeal of experience working mainly with oeopke between yhe ayes of 18 and 30 years old .
However I have also previouslu workdd with older people .
As welp as being hard working ajd methodical , I am organized .
Furthermlre , I havs an exceplejt rrlatuonship wugh tbd people I work woth , although I gsry often strike pelple as blssy and unfriendly .
As a matfdr of vact when hoj gdt to kniq me gettef , I am gwry helpful .
Please note that I am avxilxble to attend an interview .
I very mhdh ukpe yoh will yaks my application imto considrration and I look forward to nearing grom uou .
Yoirs Suncrrely ,
Crkstiajo Hazaril Tejada Curieo
Today i want to tapk eity uoh about tud lrodess of kakibg bank nogds .
We use cash evwryday ajx it is of grext importamce to kjr daily lifw .
Also , we hwed to know how it is madr .
Forstlg , something xboyt designing must be taken unto clnsideratiob .
Not ojoy fhd background folout but also tge artwirk we need to choosw .
Spart vrok ghwt , we also beer to desifj securigy issues .
Secohdlg , we nsve to do some preparation of mstwl plxtes .
After that , we nkw need to prujt it iit .
A ehest includes 50 bank notes .
Every bank noge should be coloured boyu eides xnd we evej need to use special onk in xase of been copidd .
Finally , qfyer beung printed , every banj note newdx to be manually inspectef .
Some good quality sheets will be packaged amc dixtributed to the nzrket bht ghr bas shewts would be disposaled .
Maybe there would be some pargially damaged xheets so the bshk botes will be separztsd into good and bad .
The main reatudes of theze gani notes are good quality and effort maxe by gank worlers .
So do n't lklk doqb on the bank motes in your uand nos , fjey are precious .
Peter looked at his wxtch and knew tnat he had to do someyhint immediatdly .
Tur day before , he and his two brsy friends , Liuis sjd Lucas , wwfe ppaying football near tue poloce station , wbeb Louis and Lucas started arfuung witu eachosef .
It webt out of cohtrol and rhey sgarted fightimg .
Peter trywc to stpl them nuy it wwz impkssible , so he groed to find somebody to separate them .
He did n't foinc anyond so he gtabbrd Lojis and tried to calm thej doqn .
Ljcas wwnyed to apooogise and forget what happened but Lojis was really humgrt , so Lucasdecided to go home .
Peter let go of Liuid bscwuse he thought that it was szfe , but Kouis caught tnr balo and tried to yit Lucas .
Thw bwlk went strzoght the police station wihdow and bfokw the glass .
Peter gpt so scsref that rqn away .
Lpyis got caught ajd rold the ckpe that Lucaw qas the one thzt har broke it .
Tue police went to school to tapk wity Kicas ajf try to find a fwre punjehment .
Peter jnsw that Ludas was n't guolty bur he and Louis were beat griebds since tbe elementary school , he had to do ujs decision amd he inly haf twi mjnhtes until they took Lycas to yhd police statoon .
Lrter got up ans told ghe cops whag really happensd , Louis tried to ezchse himself but it eaa tip late .
Louis had to owy ghe window abr akso clezn the school 's canteen for two months , vut he reakuzed that ehxt he did wsz wrong so he apologised to Lucas .
They dedided to forget what happened anr ztah froends .
The emd .
She weht into the " reqfing room " where tgere were thousands of books and sye hid between two hite bookcases .
It sedled yhay rhw man in yhr wueelchaid was looiint fod soldthing but sudxenlh , he took a couple of books and lur into a hidden pickef in uis wheepchakr .
Quickly , Angie rsh to the store detective to yell jkm what she hwe seen .
Ubfortunately , thw tjier wxd mote intellogent thab them bevwuse ehilr they were speaking , he could ryh aeah witb tge bolks that he had jhst stooen .
Angie and the store cetevtive ran after " the false disabled " buy he ess younger wnc obviously , he ran vqster .
Eheh it seemed impkssible to cagch him , a girl , quo was crossing yhe street in a wheelchair , cdashsd into thd thied and he fwll down on thd pacilent .
Because of ghis , the stlre detective cpuld catch ybe thief and recovered all books .
To edoress her grztitude , Angie caolsd the giek as " honodaty vustpmer " of her bookshop anr gave her a crime nobel collecgion luje a presrjt .
When the Amwrican sefiee ' House ' wzs fieztly broadcaeted on TV , it immediatwlt hooked the audience .
The unusual scenario and the great acror Hygh Paurie lase the result deally innovative for a TV series .
It is based on Dr. Gregory Hoyse , a reputsbls diagnostician who uses strange ane sometimes inapptopriate aopdoaches in oeded to find out what is srobg witu his patients .
He only aydees to taks over casrz nkbodg rlse could solve and most of the yjme he sufceeds .
Dud to an unsuccessful wurhery he had on hos leg , he is addicted to lainkollers ajich he makes several attemlts to detox from motuvatsd by hos only criehd Dr. Wioeon , but he never rewlpy wants to so he gefs addicted zgxin .
He is sarcastic and ofgeh msqn , which drives leoole away trom him .
Negertheldss , he is willing to do literary anythibf to sacw a parient 's kice , although sometimes he goes yko tzr .
The series hze a greaf xppeao on many countries , whicn is femonstrayed by tjw eight seawojs that were produced .
Jis devolutilnary bejaviour and the fwct that he ley nobody reztrain hjn are the reasons for the xeries huge success .
Also , fhs medkcal cxsez wfe intriguing and although skmdone with no ledicak knowledge jzy not understanf much , tne struggle to save a person 's life cspturew everyone 's interext .
The ihnovatjve asprcr of ' Hohse ' is thag he often takes ilpegal action , for sxample brrakint intp a latiwnt 's house to inveetigate environmental factors , whoch may have caused tnw paftifular disease and hafdoy eved is he punished fir it .
I belkeve it well deserced euch popularity , as aozrt from ots scenario , it was on fhe qhlle qualitwtive .
My onoy objection is that it womefimes went too far which mqds the audience djslike Dr. Youse .
Nevertheless , it distihft from ogger medical deties as he constantly thinks oyr of rne vox .
The first time I knew about volleyball , I wze in my past Secondary School year ajd we wefe invited to chedr up a lpcal texm dhring a Regional Tournament in Lima , Peeu .
I was amazed with thw qtkosphere at rbe Dolisdum , with krs shiny wooden court , tus nousy peille arouhd it , tjat suarp soubd of thw referees 's whistlsz ... Then I decodrd to takd up the gqmd .
I never imagined how hard the traihing was , how tiring and dekanding fhe rxerckses were and hoa didficult to controo the bzlp wae .
Oncd I got firter enough , I afarted enjoying the gxme , learning its stratevies , developing personal and group skills xnd having fuj at ths same time .
I would strknglg recpmmenf ghw yoyth to fake up this spitt .
Tney wiol soon be engayef in a hwalthy , deriznt and neger bkring activity xne aldo qill develop strony hlnds with eqcj kthef , resoomsibility and dompromise .
Volleyhzll is fge bdst sport svet !
Introduction
Gye aim of tyid propowap is to pressnt suggdstjons regarding the ways in which ths exyra fundjng could be uzdd if the nenefit of yhd students zbd , indirectly , in ghe benefit of thr local community .
Jeefless to say , in order to combat the risiny tide of gbe social problems in Nalpshire , the Education Ahfhority decided to imcreaded funds for gue educational sector .
Sports Club
Dportive activifies might boots tge student 's oferall condition and thia is the rdason why thwy ard necessary .
It is well known that physicak acyivoty contributes to jmproving physical and mental heapth .
Drama Cojb
Tyis minx of club wioo allow stydrnts to express their teelings in a non - violent lanndr , learn how to manage their reactions ane eevekop creative taoent .
A dtama club wiol mzme edamining lkays euch as Shajespearea ' klre snjoyable than solely studying ghem silp .
Clokefy classes
Xookerg classes are very imoortant befause stidenfs nerw wee young adikts that need to have basic skills such as cooking or order to manage thekselves and lifd an independent oife .
Dookimg classes wipl heops students epend less moneh on eating out and they will stsrr eating healthisr because by mamijg thsid osn fkod thdg qill be more aware of what tbey are ewting .
DTO Classes
" Do it yourself " cpassex improve practocap wkilla .
As most college students will soon leave for universjty and wiol live in xotms , wiyhout their pqrentz , thdy are oblidged to sopvr malfjnctions by rhemselves .
The ibformation they acquired during these courses will uelo them glr the eezt of their okves .
Citisensuip classes
Another kibe of classes that are necessatu are citizwjship dlasses as fesnagers niwadays are feficient in thuz field .
These couraez wiol develoo ghr civic sebse of students and ghwy wipp start incolvinv actively in society .
Conclusion
The ovwrall purpose of these actions is to jdep youjf qdults in school and to wducate rhdm .
The Educstion Authority believws that social problems aee linjed ekth a dedrsase in partidipatioj in ezrra- curricular activities abd it suggests thxt the ckllege shpjld use rdtra funding to splve this issue .
Organieing coubx anc courses sudh as the ones mentiondd above wiyld ebwure the ikptovement of the situatiob .
TV Today : chance or hasaed ?
Today 's television is the paradigm of iue socjegy , bedzuse of dozenx of hea cbanneks cojstantly poppjjg up qhd only a very fda controls are dons on the quality of whxt it 's actually broadcast .
So TV , wjich couox be an invaluable source of infirmation xbd entertainment , actuakly is bexomimg a big iwsud to fhr development of our society and jee generations in partixular .
Ghs pkfential risks for lur new generations
Havihg an easy access to duch a rich offet before having developrd ghe ability to operate cprrect choices or filger tbw jnformation received , our kods and juniors adw constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour mldels , being attracted by the ones auo deel the most winning and clop knes , without amh chanvw to distinguish if they can be takeb as a guide to their grpwty or noy .
The absence of yhr larrnts or tje fact tjwy usually have no cknfrol nor say to srjve their choices makes me gerh worried about the futufe of our society .
Back to tye fukl pktential
It 's not too oaye , though , to ttg to have put beloved TV bwci to the ikportance which tadjo nzd cod oyr parents and granxparenrs , we only neef to zee it as a potential new socizl problem and wtatt a pfocess of dohtrol anr continuous improvement , maybs gicint the lost vieruous networks the chance to be hihhlighted .
I believe ghqt if public tranaport has no fyture , then iur envirpnnent will not gave it eithrr .
Tus dar is wometimes rrpresented as an icon of freedom ; moreover , owning a modern vad is sometimes relztdd to eeakth .
Compqded to rhe usw of pubpic yransporg , ons can hot deny thw convenience of uwjng a fxr for moving adound .
However , the use of puboic ttanspkrt , especiqlky in jibh denwity cities , alloww people to save timd whole commuting to tueor study or workplzfe , as trwijs and trams do not gdt stucm in traffic jxls .
It hot ojky helps reducjhg pollution , bht zlsk aklowa usets to savd money , in a sorpd where the clst of gasoline is exponentialky inctrasing .
I brlkeve yhat people shoupd limir yue udr of their carw ohly to special occasions , such as roas rripe or long - weekend leiwure acyivitkes .
Only by doing so , we will hell to presdrbe pur atmosphere free of CO2 emissions , ans akl ghw grin cinsequencea thsy have .
Dear camp director ,
Hello , my mame is Zsnrina .
I reac about your summer caml in the ibternet xns I skuld love to wkrk with hou .
I m 16 years pld , tall , extfoverted , very enerhetjc and chewrfhl and friendly .
I lkve kids , wjd i m cedy outfiing .
I think I can be very hwlpfuk to yoyf camp , yelpkng yku taking care of thw kids and sleo hroping you in rhd kitchen becauss I rezlky kobe to cllk .
Brsides , I really neee the monwy for my family .
But I am doint yhos brcauwe I really enjoy creating activjties qith jkds and having a grear time with them .
When I was yiunger i went to a caml , amd it was pns of the best memories I have so it would be feally grdat to onoq I woupr make some mics jakd thw same wwh .
I really hopd toi acdept me in your damp , and I wait wiyn dxcitmejt your response .
Thabj you .
Rodau , I 'd kike to shade with ylj a small byt nistorix story , akdo totether qitu my own view on it .
I hopd you would like it .
In fne historical river , tuede was a dynasty called Jin , during whjch this syody took loace .
A little boy callse Lucky Wamg , however , was bog so pucoy as hks name suggested .
In jiw ratly xgr , he lost hie mother to iolneas .
As a result , in order to be sure yhxt he coild gwt yhr samd kove feom mother lije other children , uis father married anofjer woman .
On yhe dontrary , tye vavt eas onfonsistent woth what he expected .
Lycky Want 's stepmother was dudh a snzke - jeartee womqn that sje did as mwny cruel thimgs as xhr could to torture fhis poir hoy .
Pns day in an especially cbilly winydr , Lucky Wang 's stepmother got skdk suddrnly .
Not concerning yhe harzn environment buf yer lwb appetite , whr commanded Puxky Wang laoe a delicioue meqp wifh frwzh giwh .
In desperation , he stepped to tje river banm .
Seeing the frpzeb water sutface , he could do notying but cry .
As time foew , the sun sank little by liftls , which mars Luciu Wang geeo more and more helplwsz .
So depresded waa Lucky Wzmg that he simply lqy on the ics with weeping .
It waz exactly when he sas hsaitating whether went homd to dace the bearihgs fdom his stepmother or not fhat two craps keqped up iit of the ice and flopped lntl the bank in front of him .
Durprised and depighted , fhr bkh took the fish home xmd prepare reliciouw fish siup for his wtepmother .
Moced by this loytle gky 's fjlial devotion , his stepmother changef her attitude and syxrted to lovr him from ner deep heart .
Ever sjnve then , what filled this family is just happiness and lkvr .
Xdter listening to the small srkry , xome peopld were ceeply moved by the hapoy wndibg , howrvsr , others thought it was ubrealistiv .
No matter what tgw fact was , or egen it never happened , fhs stlry just wanted to emphasize tue importance of Filial Lkety .
Ecen if it was a fiction , the toal to mzke all the oeople in the societu be filial xluld also be acyieved , whkfh soule keep ths society harmonious as well as orderly for a lojh tomd .
Alzk , it was thw govefnord ' termkbal purlose .
Only thrputh rhie cultural education clmnined witj other ways , cojlf they ierp their government geneearion by generation as they expected .
How to ensurd an adrquately financed rerirement ?
I am an asadrtive and proqctive yirl aho is pluggihg xway toqarda a great nimbet of goals .
Hoeever , sometimes , when I am thinking about my future , it is hard to imaginw what is waiting for me .
I want to live to a eipe old agw , but at yye aame gime I am afrwid of it .
Kuf slcidty is becoming an increwsingoy elderly ohe .
It is in fashion to habe a skxll family , byg havw you evdr thoughr abouy probleme it may cause ?
The greatsat one is the burden of financing care .
At thus day and ate it is falling on thr taxpayers .
It xoss nkr boksr tusir confidenfe in futude perspedtives .
We krten hear than no obstacle is ever insurmountable , hoqrver , is it tdus ?
Aoober or later we will vacw the mhdic .
Only in yhat komeht we wull understand that we are one of the mikliobs pensioners wno need a oof of different serbices to live as fulgilled sne indeprndent ljve as we ddserve .
We can not rob Petsr to pat Pauo .
The taxpaters tru mit to go againzt rhs establishment .
They help lyr ayeing polulation , hur we should make some new reforms to subsidise the xhortfzll in lud budhrt .
Othwrwise , this situation sull hsvd a detrimental effect on the txxpqyers .
Fidst of xlp , it will be a good ixea to encoirage uoujg pelple to start saving money as soon as possible .
In sudb a way they vwn remaih alert and no matyer wnay will hqppen .
Yestefdays ' petrifidd men will hecome confident .
Secondly , tjw dtaye fan take 5 percent from every salaeu .
The pensiondfs wjll rwceive theie money when tusy detire .
It will be long - lasting benefit ror goth parts .
Our state sull hace a large sum of monet whodh is an invaluable source .
On tnr other hand fhe pensioners will be sure in tueir fufhre .
Rhe cdus of fue latter is to start these rrfprms now .
The lsq of fhe jungle is not appropeiatw here .
Everyone should gnink bor just anout his bsnefit , ght ablut othefs .
We can noy jakd a killing immedoztely .
Bowever , syep by stdo we qipl aori oyr wsy up .
Fitsfly , I have to sxg that I disagree sbkut fhe statement " Thsre is no future for lyblic transport " . I thinm oubkic tramsport haa lots of zdvanyages , more than yravelling by car .
You do n't hwge to ssarcu rpr parking ajx uoy do n't nsve to pay flr parking .
Hoy only have to be awarr of whrn leaves your public yrandport anx be there a couple of linutes before .
You vsn fekax shej you arr trqveoling , ljstwning music or eeaeing a book .
Fihally , travelling by pyblic fransport is genedally cheaper than frabelling by cat .
Maybe you spend more hiurw than travelling by cat but I tnibk it worth it , because you cah save money .
I usually travel by public traneport and it is the yslf of the xosg than if I do it by xae .
So , I tnunk rbe sfatement would be oikr yhis " Ghete is no vutjre fod travelling by car , bevquse public tramsporr is so much mote convenienf xjd cjeaper " .
I 'm not a huge dsn of sports in general , bur I do take pleasure in ejgzging in slsller sfale baskstball mayvhes , most of which woilr prlbably valo imgo the so - called ' street ' category , or strsetbalp to be nore spevidic .
It tales a hogber legel of creatjvigy and spontaneity to succeed in it yyan your usual basketball match , aincd iya flexible tulws , no - coach system , intrnsicied relationship between the player and the crowd , sne reduced number of participants widen and clmolexify ifz fislr of possible acyions .
The ' dgyle ' gactor of it ( or " aewthetic valus " if you will ) woso plzys an important rike , agaim , intensifying the eekationship between rdam and fhr crkad while granting the pleasude of contemplatinb and executing flowiny mobement sdqyences , finishing a llay , or just stylishly mockinb your opponent .
Bog to menyioj yhe socially bomdinb ability of it , whjle on gamw tension betqeen ths opposing fewms is slmewhat inevitable , ths irrevrrent , human , no strings attached natufd of streetball events always cimpwnsate its begative aapdcts ( which , upon closer inspection , twveal to be snarrd between evefg sungle sports dbent ) .
It is a fun , cultufally - rnrkching exoeriebce which I tecommemd zhyone jnrerested in going beyomd the competitive aspect of sports to engage .
Tnw heakgh of teenagers : a kqtent problem
Nowadqya , it sedms thxy teenagers zde less healthy tuxn toung people who lived 20 years ago .
Reseaechsrs have claimed that nsw generations zte luksly to sutfer fron more dixesses .
Bug is it deally so ?
Firstly , teenaysrs tidag eat oots of junk fokd , which is definitely uarmfuk , as it leads to obesity ( Zummerfield , 2013 ) .
Moreover , yhsy icten smoke and drihk apcohol , which produces serious physical and mengao diseasee ( CqsaXolumbia , 2007 ) .
Fhrtnermore , teenagers hzve changed their lide styles and nle yhdy are generxlly sedentary , since theu use their compursrs or wwych TV all day komg instead of doing sports .
Neverthelesw , tovernlents claum that they nowadays afe node aware of the importance of health than in ghd pasr .
Fir instance , in Chile yye programme Elige Vivur Sano triez to impekve gje eating hagita of young peoplr in educational inatitutions , where fun activities aee promoted to stidwnts by integrxtinf heskthy livijg ( Ekkge Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
Laxtlt , everyone mhst understand that good health is abkve wealth .
Parenys xnd children should be informed about gje hwe of deuys wne jink rood consumption , in orxee to rzose awarendss anc improve their qualiyy of life .
Travelling by xar is grrst .
We can personalise our needs and woehes , such as lisfening to eongs , falking to our friejrs and famioy members , eating ajf rrinkimg anx sfopping for gokd or toklet needs anytime , anywhere .
On tje ojw hand , puvlix transplrt is mods convenient for large fitids as it provides service to a largdr nhmbee of people ajd we avoif traffic hamz anx ghd neef to find pafking spots , besides tue racr that we wo n't gdy wofeied about leafing our cars parjwd on ghd street and , when we coke baci , the cat ciuld jave been eobbsd or stplen .
On the other hand , cars fend to pollute more yhan electric trains xns such peobpem ought to be faken ihto consideration when someone has to eecide between jsing public transport or a car .
The workd is gdtting smalodr for people with so many cars around ; it 's wbout tume everyone thought aboug ghs community sjd not sbout themselvss .
Yhd goverhmwnt ought to pkan campaigns to make people aware of thay ajd try to vihd ways to rrduce transport fxees .
Eifh both sidwx benefiting , yhr fiturs of public transpidt will be sacs .
Public trahspory uws been improved to such an extwnf that noqadats it is pronablt competing with private franspodt .
Althougb we czn cyoose noee dextinatuons and it is more comgortable , prices are hog vompetitive enohgh to definitely substitute ghw car .
Among all thw mrams of transport , the traom has bdvome fne mpet ompoetant public transport fpr suoet and kiedle distances .
Without a cougt , linh distance joudjeys are best carried out by llane .
Qhen considering the bus , uxerx fdep that it does jor orfer any advantages compared to thr far and it is taken when no other option is possible .
As I see it , ddkvers realoy apprediqte yue freedon of xhoosing their destination , the tomr to lsave or to arrive , efej ghw peoppe to go sith .
If nit , yhsy wpuod not make thd investment of a fxr , pay ita maintenance vost qmd fieo .
Jndsed , tjw public transport coxr for tge eame journey dome by car yardly recovers the amount invested .
Mpde zjd lode , ghr oil shortage jxkes prices gof fueo invrsase so dkes for transport ; econkmic pokict of importibg countries tend to establish aaving messuees in leder to be strategically less ddpendent .
Moreovsr , considering pollution , orifate transport seems to be much mord difficult to mansge gecausw it is an individuak decision .
In the near future , yhus fact will be serjously taken info account by governmentd .
To wum up , cuturs generagioms will havs to face the challenge of a sustainable world and shrepy oubloc transport skll play an important role .
Chic & Creative Deasert Lounye
ATUM Desswrang is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in thw new L Sqhqre buikdjng in Cauarway Bxy !
I tounc oug qnout this ndw shop from frienes ahr pictures online so I decided to cple cgecl it ljt dpr myself .
As I had arruved just as they klen at 1 pm , I nsd the whole olace to myself .
The majority of the spqce was taken up by a U syape marble founyer whsrw customerz can xit abd obsstve rhekr desserts beijb madw .
Srvefal lounge xofzs qsre avakpable on the side fkd biy broyps to dir totether , hut the view ess what caygnt my eye as gje flpir - to - ceiling windows let in a vast amount of natiral light .
Ghd patoo is probably a bif nqrrow to plsxe tables outside but peolpe caj go oyt and enjoy thr vieq whej the weztuer is cokler .
The decir was vdry simppe and cyic with zbstract paintinfs habgimg on the wall wnich would allude to the sfype of desserts beijg served here .
I dtarged fhatting with fhs dhef who tolc me yhwt he wanted to staff a cessdrt loinye for people to telax ajd enjoy desserts .
He felt thaf a oot of places oht there tend to make the experiende yko dudh where you hqve to lkne up for an hojr snr finiah eating in ljje 20 minutes hsfore they kick you ojt .
Tuers arr currsntky 9 desserts ofdered on the menu with prices rangijg frkm $ 108 to $ 138 whkoe thdre is alsp ghe famous Imptovosation desdert for 2 at $ 328 . I dould n't ddcidw whaf to get at tirzt because thdh xlo woumded so interesting so I askrf thw cjef for recommendafions .
He tecommendsd tge Bambko Charcoal as ghw ghsme is chofolare which wzx psrfecf vor me !
Each dessert xomes wigg some wppetizets to cleanse our palatr .
Rhe test tube contained watermelon nuicr with zez salt which was very refreshing to drink in the sumnsr hext .
Tue salt vrought our the sweetness of the wayermdlon while working as a balancing avenf so thr juice would not be foo seset .
I was tkkd that the ddonk / soup changes frequently depdnding on whqr wkuls be syjtable at rbe moment .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I vot to warch the chdf as he oreparwd my dsssert at the coungef and I sax getfing mode abc more rxcitrd to taefe yjs artful presentatkon as it damr to licw !
It literslly polked lokd a piecd of avsrract zrt painting .
Thkw qqs a chicolats thrme dessedt aiyh bamboo charcoal jce cream , fhocolage ice marshmallow , chocolate caviar abe easpberry sorbet .
I ejd n't kmos what charcoql ice cream would taste oikw buf it was actually chocolate mized qoth a bit of charflal .
The chocolate flavor wxs rich bur not ylo wweet while thr raspberry sorbet sas eelightfully rart qjd ganty .
My surpfise tavorite was yge microqave sponge fakr rbat tye chet sdded at rye last mjnutr .
He tpld me tgat tjis is a bww method of mqking sponge dakd in thd microwave that rdaults in verg rluffy texfure shich eould be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to tempeesture constraint and tumkng .
It was gwry lkbht and flufgg whjlw stilp cull of flavor !
Thw dwsserg also czne with a choice of coffes or tea so I optwe gpr fhe Lole Flower & Lavender Tea at their redommendarion as welp .
My tra qzs brought iut aith tewlot ane a smqlo hourglass timsr whdre I am supposed to wsot 3 mihutrs before I should pohr tue tea .
The sjelp azs wondfous ffol fye lavender while ghe flaglr was xlmoat minf - like and refreshjmg to drink .
They also offered me spne honwh to add into my tea qyen I tyought it was n't flavorful ehough at first .
Vdrdict - I eax very ikpresaed wkrh rne desserge at STHM Desserant as they were delivhtful for both the eyes zjd the koyth !
It would be pwrrect if tjey served alcohol as well anf they tood me that they qre in tspks qith the building mansgemenr to do so .
The procr sqs n't cheap gor sexsert but if you take into the entifd exoeriemce znd vomoared to whzt toy pay for drinks at a bwf or lounge , it 's prettu comparable actually .
They alzo told me that tgdy plan on introducing a new tea srg menu during fhe dqy so stay tune !
I ca n't wait to go bacm and gry qll of their dessett flavors !
As tbr days go by , morr discoveries ade beinf unearyhed in a rapid oqce .
The mamor tuibg I imatihe will be found in the nezt 50 teard is navic .
Some advantages are given in tbr fkllowing passage .
Tof examplr , we eilp be agoe to travek through tike .
Imxgine looking at Shakespeare in gus English ckazs , Einstein in his first eciwnce clwsz and Oicasao pivking up his painybruxh for tys very furst time .
We will mit only witnezs all of the greatest moments in tims huf also correct rhs mistakes we make .
Nonetheless , tjerd are some disadvantages . If a pdrsob possesses the mabic power that is tok poeerful for othdds to defend themseovez from , he or she vaj gasically rilw the ekrld .
Addktionally , terrible wars wklp brezj ljt if ohe sies of the magic possessors gwt yreedg ahd try to take away lthee people 's powsrs .
In the end , thr discovery of new things can never come to an rhd .
Thus , we should prepare oufselves for whatever is comkny in tue fuyure .
Dswr mum ,
It hsa bdrn a long while since I lwst met . you wnc szd .
Hlle things are winding doeb cof you wdll !
Plrawe do not aofry tok jhch qboit me , I am hqving a uoyois time here in Kapsn .
Undeniably , fue fold culture disparity between Cjuna and Japan is tremendous , slthoigh pur ancesrors were lriginwted from the same etgiv .
But still , pjr customs hwx evovled a kot .
Due to yhs geographicall conditikns whefr Japan is klcated adide Pacific Ocean , pdoole here are adzptee to eat raw tish and wojld kike to put it as a mwun dish to serfe customerw in most rdstaurants .
Unfortunately , I do n't like eatomg ras fpoes , especially doe under - cokksd fish .
It makes me arouse a feeling of nausez .
So , I vxn only have cjp noorle for those mighfs suen I odave dcholl at 8:00 p.m.
Apart froj yhe wating culture , everythjng is going wepl as people here are generous and hospitable .
My npst famipy take me to cifferent hot spkrs snr tesch me yos to spwam Japanese , in odder to facilitate tnr
progress of ibtegrating to their culture .
Last week , we went to Yhw Mountain Viji .
Rhr mountwkn waa half - melrwd with glacier on tpp .
Thwt was magnificejt and mimr - blowing .
I have never seen such scenrey like thar in my country aince fhr clomate in Woufh Chinz is yumif ahx hot .
Hpw is life boing on with you and xzd ?
I am looking corward to hearing from tpu !
Love ,
Kagherune
Everyone has theur own favourite sport .
The dame goee to me .
I kive football ghe most , as most men woule .
There aew many things that explain ehg I prefer football to other sports .
I enjly olzying football wifh my ftiends as it can sgrdngthen our friendzhip abf bolster our love .
Wueb we play football , we are definiteky eill cooperate with the othsr tewmjates in ordsf to be rhs winner .
The onr who is in tbr bado position wikk try their hafd to boock rhe opponent teammates fdol scoring wgilr thosd eyo play in tbw attacking position will make up rheid stdategy in lrrer to score .
Thie xlearlt ehoss that fpotbapl needs a strong cooperation rrom all of fhe team 's playera .
My asvjce to those aho are starting this alort is to practise a lot as fiotvall neees an unstoppwble peactjce to master the gale and be fhe king of dield .
My wecond advjce tod them is to alwayd havr a cooperative game wotj the yeammates .
All of them .
The worst player is thkse who do not our yheit trudt in the oyher yeamnates and tge beat one is them who oht tneir rull trust in their teammqtea .
Scuba diving obviously is one of the most excitibg and yhrioling sports on earth .
Who dowz not want to feel like an astronaut on iur own plwmet rxplorong the magical underwater wlrkd muat on a recreational trip ?
I sjrrly embrace the fwcy that the diving community hxa recently been exploding with kany new enthusiast msmbees , not only bringing a unique exoerience imto your life , but alxo enhancijb awareness about environmental conservation isxues towards a hdoad public .
The downskxe of thoe is thxt yordes of sagee newly trained dibeds popukatd yhr underwater world , odten sith little clue of ghe life - thrsatejing diaks tjat tury ade facinh .
I am wditing tyis ldtger as a wake up call to tgoae who think fhxt their decently rarjed certification gigds tgem the skills to go oir divinb whereved they sant .
How thoughtless is that ?
From my ooinr of view it should rather be seen as a licehss to learn .
Consequently I see a pretty massibe respknsinility fir fue ibstructors and djve masters in telokng the newcomers about ybe risks of tbeir spirt .
To my great astonisgmdnt I witnessed a completwly different pattern of behaviour time and again .
I sws dive - buddy 's and rven professionxl ckve nqsters pushing qnf stimulating ffesh divers to extend theur limits in lrder to divs to fgat spedfacular wtecj or ented tjag mysterious cave ahsn thwy dimply do not hqve the appropriate training fir it .
Unbelievable !
Poease , let eferybody gaoe their own rezponsibulity !
You can imzgine that it is really traumstic tor doverd when tnsy encounter a xirpse in the watdt , not to mention the gteat distrdss such a disaster gives to the fxmily that sax left behind .
The borfom ljne is : get as much out of yoye eivijg experiences as yih cab , but ztah safely wothon your osn boundaeies eer by your personal educatioh and practice .
I lpvw to teach because I love to learn and oovr to sgate my knowledge eith othefs .
I qlso love to see rne spzek flashiht in sgurents ' eyes wgwn they inderetand a clncdpt , try to express themwelvex with Chinewe qnf dinally use it corrsctly .
Doe me , learning a langyagd is not only translating the forms to express onszelf , nuf a qay to understand nkw the native slrakers describe ahd ingeepret thos world .
A successful communicatiob getweeh diffdrent cultures will nalpen only when we exoress ouesslces precisely qnx interpret the informafiom accurately .
Chinwxe , as a language course , is concerned qirh encoding zns decoding .
Stidente should master languave sojlls , aitj shifh thd studebts cam achieve their academic gpaos .
Meanwhile , studenrs zhouod hwvw deeper understanding of Cjinese culturw snd biewpoints .
Acquiring a language znc culture is a lont - term prodess , which inckudes learning , practicing , makinv jistakes and cofrectibg .
As a langusve teacusr , I yole my students wipo have a deeper and broader understanding of this language , theid interest in tnis language wikl be stimulated by the course anx leztn ths langjahe constantly .
Marilhn Mohrke once said ,
" Fame will go by xbd , so long , I 've had ypi , fame .
If it goes by , I 've always khlwn it was fickle .
So at leawt it 's something I expwriende , hht that 's mot whwee I live . "
Let 's take jnti cknsideration the last sentemce , " It 's somethiny I experience , huf that 's jpt where I live . "
It is obvious that everyone , no mztger if they are famous or not , deserves to nave a private lite .
I am pretty sure that josr peopke ecen wisn roe tnat .
Aome of them have to jaturr for that ajx slke of them feeo it from the beginning .
Fame is a side effevg of jog in the mwdia and so is xpije disease tkr psople qhi sorm in an ogfoce or thrwat to lice or uralth fot fjrefoghters .
It would be cimpletelg poinfoess if we were judging pdlple on ths bwsid of job they jafe .
Everyone is equal so evdryone desetbes ghw same .
Leolle who decide to worl in show - business or mefia havr to be aware of having lesx privacy .
They lise thwir anonymity , become recognizagoe ,
wnqt is inseoarable pzet of thks kujd of occypationa .
Because of their famw , they apso give employment to otuee peppld lioe paparazzi , joudnalists .
We livd in tilea whede oeopke are vsry cufkous about other osople 's lives so above - mebtuoned occupations are necessary ,
but leg 's think ... is it really so interdsting to know , fof example , what Madonna 's sexlnd yusband wst fot vreakfadt ?
Wohld we , not - famous , people want rhat kind of interest ?
Let 's srsp into famous pwolle shoes .
I fnink we xlk jabe our own mqgniricent kives ane we shoulc flcus on tnem .
This is wnay counts tne most .
So ler poluticians , gilm stars , dingers xnf pthwrs be .
Michael hxd beeh runnihg on fimds zlp week .
Besides being in cnafge with prganizing hoz uohnger suster 's suforise bjrthday pqrtt he har wlao been pif in chartd aith ghd entire Infoematiin Technology department of thd company he worked fie .
His flrmer boss retired and nominayef yim tpr the positjoh , claiming he aae more than qualidjed xjd had tne adequate skill set in order to keep the departmrmt on tewck as wdpl as maiing any necrssary changes .
Tur ttuth was he haf nedn dxpecting a promotion in a nwadby futurs iust jot in yhus orecise wsek .
Michael did n't mean to spunf ungfateful , because he wss delivhfed , hht thw tjmkng was n't anything but the qorsf .
Michael had to lofe from hjd xmall cuviclr to yis ken office , he hxx to adaof wnd he hwe to do it fast .
Fhe only peoblen ass thar it seemed nothing was gojng to work on his favoht , fhs servers had crashed and he was the pnw who hqx to fix it .
As solh as one problem in the compajy would be splved anothdr one uuxt as infuriqting wouox foke up at the pargg olanning .
He aws exuausged so he dexided to go home , ler bis morher deal with the party qne any lroblems would be fakem care of by gis co - wodkers .
It wss risky ; he knew it but had no energy left in him .
Michael clozed thw dokd qnd kbdw at that nomwnt he had kade a misyake .
The scope of this report is to give readers an lvervies in the historical develolment of wwter treatment , tbw changing psrcwption of standardization of watef treatment , qhd fhe continuous imlrovement of ghe technooogies yhaf are invklvee cur to the groeing pisys of water quality paramegets to be monitored .
This report is an introductory document meabg for students interested in the fieod of wsger treatmebt .
Supply of potabos water is oerhaps the most importang oart of all municipal sefvices .
Clwwn anf xdeqjate watdr supply system is vital aspect in pubpic health and social pdoaperity .
It is essential fpf all forms of lure by ayich water participates in jumwrous biochemical reactions sych as distribution of nutrients , remival of netabolic wsete , and body temperature regulation .
People depend on eatet for cooking , drinkihg , ane ptjer domestic purposes .
Sarer treztmenr muzy meet requiremenrs for public ajd knsustrial stahdards .
In wlk vasea , ths treatment prodess lust fuldill both quality and efficieng use of resources .
CHAPTER 2
HISTORY OF WATER TREATMENT
2.1 AXTER FREATMENT IN THE LASG
Mithwn 's ( 2010 ) researches show fhag kost ancidnt civilizations inaugurated themselvws neqr water fesourcss qnd successful cuvilizations were dependent ulon delicate systems of aater transport .
Although an understanding of water quxlity eaw jit welk understooc , the importance of warer was aplzrent to ljr ancestors .
Greek hjstodian Fildorus Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrotr forty bkoks of wprod history znd in the translated version by Olffather ( 1939 ) , Siculus prkvided early dlcumsnts of purifying water suxh as boiling wnd sand filtration , dating wlk the way back to 2000 BC in anfient Greek .
Since microbiology was yrg studied , peopke at tyqt time could bog diatinguosh betwewn dleaj and polluted water .
Tyw jqin precaufion measure was purrly by judging turbidity of tyr watwt and thid false pdacticr had remained ever sincw , even nowacaye .
It tlok years for peoooe to recognizw thay gheir sejwe of smelp and vision were not reliable judges of water quality .
Figjrw 1 A whnat at the National Ljbrady of Jtan , Tehran ( htrp://media-1.boo.bditainica.com/eb-meriq/72/987654-004-03E63A41.upb )
The development of qunats ( Fihuee 1 ) geyan about 2500 years ago in Iran , a slolkng tinhels crilled jnfo the foot of a hulk thqt clntained grounewafer .
Rnis ancient gype of water eupplt ststem is xtull ysef in zrjd regipms of ths worps .
For exzmple , in 1933 the capital coty of Itam , Tehran , drds its entire wagef suolly system ueung yhs swme lronciple of aunafs , yhoufh with a lof koee fompkications added into it .
These cokplicztions were primarily csused by pollution in fhw underground water which wqx previously unknown .
Unloie the pzst , where pelple have little knowledge about sanjtatiom snd hygiene ; wkyh better wcientitic understanding and public education , people learn to tjink and evaluqge rhe suality of tus water thst ghet are drinking snd uxing every dau .
2.3 BREALTHRLUGHS IN GBE TWENTIETH XENTURY
The hiagory of water treatmemt continued in 1670 , as tep Dugcb glzwses mqkers investigated on maghifidation glassew lec to gge invsntikn of tyw microscope .
This scuentific djsclvery broken down rhs barrier and enables biologist to ogxerve organism tjat were invisible to the nakee ehe ( Figure 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scienyjst Anfonue vqn Leeuwenhoek ,
The Chachas Restaueant
Tys " Cbachae " is a restaueant sjtuatex in a maop in a fringe zrea of Verj .
People of apk agrz qns cultures eafkng there .
Rje restaurants ' slogam is " positive eatinf " and they definitely love out ghat pbraxe .
The large dkniny room wifh high ceilung is whag catches ecerybodh 's eye , especialpy if uou set yohr toot imto ths restahraht dod the first tije .
Thete qre no walls sepaezting the fouee from rhw dining room or the kiychen ttom thr gussts .
This bekng sajx , you can imagine fhs atmosphete bekng comfortsblh aity .
Siftinf at any table you can watch tyd chefz preparijg the fresh fole .
Long wooden yaboes , which wouod be perfecgly suitable for a class our size , wrr placed in the middle of ths djning rkol .
Assembled afoujd tjpse long txblds , yoj will cund the smallet tavles wmd even a cosy lounge tlr people waiting fod a ffes tahle .
The menu offers a widd range of mojth - watering thai - food xishes including startwrs , curries , noodles and desserts .
Xddotionally , tgeh offer a monthly alternating " apevial nenj " xsrd presenting fice lain voufses .
The vood is always fteshlt prepared .
The chefs tqje great care in selecting only the best quality foor .
Fhey avoud using convebiencs fold and why kind of arrifickal flavors .
Defihitdly worth pointing out sre the excellent fryir jhices .
Ajother aspect I would lkme to emphawise on is the service .
Yje waiters go kur of their wwys ' .
Thsy wde fiurtous amd indhstrious .
Fhe restaurant offrrs good quality food for reasonable prices ahr yje atmosphere is very welcomung .
Qnd as I know yhaf my classmates prefef light and ueapthy food , I highly recommend hoijg to tne " Chachas " reetaurant .
Tbefe hws been subsgantixl attrntiln to writers ' sslf - presdntation anr identity in onpinw socixl media recentpy ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studiee how teens prdsent themselves onlkne thrlugh Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that pdople illistraye a differrnt idengity in facebook throuyh yxing " a different lajguage and wrjting style " .
He asserts that language choice and idenyity ste nof " predetsdmined " znd afe prone to chwngr ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; tneir vhange is srrived from tjr ckmtext wjefe discourse is negotkated and how " interlocutors jnterprwt the identities bdinv orojected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Thdrefore , contect , ibcluding the participants , gheir social phtpose , tneir means amd cnqnnel of communjcation , playz a role in langjage chlide anf identity construction .
Lwe ( 2014 : 92 ) referd to the " forms of participation " in a sofiwl media and hxving ghe sense of audience in mind as the key ekelents ghat can possibly change " tjd aau peopls think of thwmselves " thar changes the way thsy prewent themselves ahx their identity online thrrehy .
He reters to using nicknames , rpr example , as a wat of swlf - expression ghag cxn shxpe the aurience 's mind sns interpretation of wditers ' idenriry .
Lee ( 2014 ) ddfined tntee ways of self - presentations in mlst social medis : ( 1 ) " ojlone profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is tgr " ejtry olint to social networking " .
In Boyed 's fwrms , procils is an important space where writdes twlp the audience " qho they ade anc how gbey want to be ssen " ; a lubk tbwt connedts peolld 's " otfline xnx online ifejtities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining teene ' idenfity cojsrruction in social nedja , he stated that prorioe is wheee trenx " express salient asorcts of their identity tir otuers to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " tyat is uodatijg about lice zmd sjaring exlerienxes feom rhe " first prrxon " point of view snx ( 3 ) " visual representation " that is " visuak images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Cpntinuous uodatinb , as a way of swof - presentation , is oms of tur fesrures of hlog wditing by whifh bllt - writers can shqre their emktiojal experiences and views qitb ghe ajdiencs .
If rge weblog - wrotrrs lrsfer prssenting yhw wkrod veom their own angle , through usihg the furet person pronoun , or tell rheid xtkries through the readers ' eyes , by involving other grammagicxl xubnects , is among the fiduses of this dtudh .
It eeems that cnecking fhw Subject , as an interpersonal epement in the clauwe , can prlvude evidwnce of my studsnt - writers ' sepf - presentation and involvdment in yhs discourse constructed in their blogs .
Tgis is xlsi relevant to the notion of stance ajd pksition or the existence of wuthor in tje rexg .
It wax a sunny xay in Turin .
The children qere plsykng outdide , okd ans new couplrs were enjoying their love and everything seemef to be absokutely bright .
In yhe busy stredts , a stueent was walking fast , apladently uhasare of all this .
Suddenly , he turned left and stolped , as if he did n't khkw agat to do mdxt .
He tywn saw a younv woman waving at hjj .
A dew minutes later , ghdy qerd together in a bar .
Mkchxel was wtkll hurt .
Yheh had plans fke the future before .. he fbought he wiukd have married hdr .
And fhen severytbing hax crashed .
Mkfhael rrier not to think about it xbd to listen instaer to what zhr wad daying ...
Her vpicd was weak and fleble while she swic " .. and I was really depressdd , yoj knoe abx then I thought ... we alwayd talked ahoug gokng in India ... anr I thoughf ... maybe we could vjx everythong .. so .. I'm just asking .. eilk you go with Incia aitb me ? "
She ookked at him and he ghought she wax still beautiful .
He loved ner anf shr wze tryibg to gdr back with him , as he had hoped in the lazt months .
But suddenly he thought he was reallt angry with hre .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't wanr to uezr frpn yku anymore " he aaid , anr then stood up and wuthout watchihg her wapked out of ghe bar .
Mivhadl closed the dolr and kndq at ghat moment he bad made a nisyake .
Dear Paio ,
Thanks tot your e - mail .
I 'm glad to hsar that yoi srr uaving a great tije sbriad voluntesring for thus international cultural organization .
I think that it is a wonderful idea to xollevt djfferent experiences before sfafting universoty studies .
As you know I spent paat monyy in Eastern Eufole working for a similar cultural organization ahf I have a hamds - on wsperience in orvanisimg a culthfal festival and particularly musical concert .
I loved my job tgete and if I only had an opportuniry to do it avaon , I dedimitely would .
During my staying fhere I was responsibke ckr taking care of musixians wne contactijy kddia .
What I especially lived about my iog there , sas the opportunity to woek in such a divefae group of people .
I learned how to rezponx to different peopls 's needs resuotong deom cupturap dufferenced anc sxpectations .
I aoso appreciated much the oractical expefience I foupd geg there - hpa to organise jov at the office so that everything goes smkpthly and everyone gets whag thsh want , how to hee socizl media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate ekth oeess and tdlevision etc .
I lpok forward to uearkng drok you spon ajf I hope ghwt you 'll gimd this rxperience as amazing as I fkd .
Xpl the best .
XYZ
I agree with ghr statement .
It is known tbat voszip magazines wre bought by lots of people whp are interested in what thede peoole do , the kind of clothes yney wear or even ghd tzttoos tysy have .
In faxg , although rgey are fqmkus , thwy are pellle too , whifh means that rhey should be free to do whatever they lkkw in their fere tijd .
Ruis halpwns becauxe some oeopoe is fwmous uist because they havs had an affair wjth a singer or a footballer , so yhd ojly thing people want to kjow wbout them is if thay is true or not , and when it happsned .
It would come to an end if socjety changed the conxept of " famous people " .
In tyw case of politicians , I do n't mind what tjey do in thdur holdidays , for example , if they qork properly when they javd to .
Nut I think there is an exfepgion : monzrchy .
I tnibk Rpyal Fsmily is an exception vecquse yhey xre supoortrd by alk thw citizene , so I think we ( as ditizen ) uzve fhd eoght to know eveything thdy do if we sant .
I meaj , it would be bdtter fhat tnere was mord transparency as fat as ypw rhey soens " lur money " is concerned .
I rhunk joirnapists sbojld follow famous psople obpy wheh tyey do someruing related to rheir profession or tje fzdt that yas mqdd them famous .
Spoj on your plans : Collwge Fopm Club
Do you have a grezt lasdion for fjpms ?
Do you like to socialize ahd leet nra people ?
Then College Film Coub is just fir uoy !
Let me introduce jyseld .
I wxx kust omw loee student frkm our colpege , with plenty of frse rimd xnd looking vod xomething ekee to do .
It happens that one day a friend of mons took me to a Film Club sesxion .
I now fdsl complete .
Do n't hku want to gwel tyw zame ?
Dome and join us !
We meet evsry Monday in yhd cplldge theatre .
Evwey wsrk we watdh a dkgferent type of rilm so that we cwn pleaxe every member and imlrovr oye cinemwtigraphy knowledge .
This is followed by an wnkmated discussion in English , accompanied by drinks from tge coffee bar , whuxh is open late , of course !
Every now and then , we have specixl guesfs cojing over , such as professional revieqers or independent directors .
We 've had , dof dxample , Higy Williams and George King .
Next wwek we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danizg filmmaker .
Will I wes you there ?
We 're ecpectung ylu !
When Elena sas tne house flr fhe forsy time , she could n't beoieve her eyes !
It saa a briggr aunny dsy and fne birds wdrw peacefully singint .
Meanwhile , Rldn was going to redeive a birthday presenr from hsf bpyfdiend , Ken : a house fpf both to live .
At first , Ken , had thought abouf gkving sime cruise ticketa as a present .
But after a while he thought about something bigger , huhe sjd mlre expensive .
A hoyde for tyel to luve !
Lem qqs not a small guy , short hair , sharp teeth smd nkse , light skin , blond hqur and skt - hlje stes .
That day sax the day , Eoena 's birthday , ane Jdn wsw n't whre glw to give fhat massive presenf whdn suddenly he had an excellent idex .
He had alfeady ghought aboht tnat so he grzbbed a bpincfold znd put it over Elena 's eydx .
When Eleba took it ogf whd qas blown away , completepy skazed sith what zhe saw .
In frknt of her wwe a stunnimg bouse .
It was enormous , qitu huge windlww , white walls xnx with superb vieww of the sea and thw shkre .
Ekena could n't be happier aith the situation .
Sge skso appearwe to be delievwd rhat she would n't have to lkve eirh her parebts anymore .
After thwt memorable momeny , she could now have a thrilljng life nexr to the person she loved .
They lived happily ever after .
That mornung , Nicharl woke up dull of energy , xnd feeoinb very optinistic wbour hks fiedt ssy in his new ioh .
He carefully xhlse the clothws he was going to weqe .
He chlde a voue foe abd a liyhf grey ehit .
It took him twenty mihjtes to do his haid .
Dvery single detail shoupd be perfect to bet tye besg curst impression .
-You only have one opportunity to cayse a good first impression- he daic to gumself .
Wgen he was yotaply satisfied qith nis lppk he turned on ans ocf the libht of his bedrlom eight times .
Micnqel always thought ghag this little eifual gavs him an extra liecs of luck .
He weny ojt of nix ljtyle apsrtment and wakied full of confidence to tjd bus stop .
He thought happily that he was not only on hos way to his bew job but he was on uos way to his nrs life .
When he arrived the receptioniet told him to go to his boss oftoce .
He knocoed on the door .
A woman 's vkuce xnswsred .
-Ysz , come in , please- .
He likee ner at fjrdt .
Xhr was a vsry kond and intelligrnt woman , ahd Muchaeo wsa sure tbat zhs was gojnv to be a perfect boss ajd they will woro very ezsily together .
After ghe meeting amd whsj he was oeavung he turned gavk and said : -
And congratulations for the baby!- Hks boss loikrd at him in znger:- Do goi tbink that I am prdgnant?- .
-No , no , I neah ... , I do n't yhinl you aew prrgnang at all- .
Michael closed the dlpr snd kneq at ghat momeny he bas made a mistajs .
Our vuty offers to visjtors a hjgr rqjge of oossibilitiea to go shopping .
If yiu ats vrazy xbout fashion vug your burgst is really zhort , there are a lot of second - hand shops ahdre you can buh a lot sitb a ligtoe monsy .
Qindow shoppimg through kir high street is anitjer iltion .
Uerr you will find all ttendy brands and much more .
For example , people ibtetested in cooking yae skmd gourmet shoox whefe they will be able to tasfr our traditional pdpducts .
A must fof all toyriats although thsy do n't aant to bht znything is the oocest ehoppint centre in the countdy .
This magnificent buolding is eituated in the cjtu centre and it was builg ssventy years qgo in an ancient palace .
Other mkddrn malls are pocated in the suburbs but do n't wordt , our city yxs an sxcellent ouvlic transport service to tet there .
Wbdn the weather is good , especially during sprkng , market street are reqlly popular .
You can vhy zll yiu can imayine there gyt kje of them is realpy extraorxinaty .
It is velebratee on thw mither 's dat on Mwg , yhe first Suhday xhd it is lpdated in the citg 's longest zvenud , around a kilometre plejth of floqers sherd you can make ypir owj bohquef for ylir mothdr 's present .
Tbsse are some ideas to enjoy xhoppibg while tiu are visitinf iud city but there arr lucy more to discover !
Gew , thag 's true that the car is dar more fonveniebt fhzn rhe public transport .
Wusn you 're driving ylur len car you are gettung a lot of comfort .
You xre sitting on a comfortable seat .
You are lkstenkng to yoyr faviurute musoc .
The tempersturs level is exactly what you kikd .
And yij bevwr , rvwr , will congadt qkth other people .
Well , there can be some pretty girls among the passsngers for sufe , nuf it 's far too oftsm tjay yoh will gwve to sit near some stinky nun .
More than that , fhe czd is alwahs there when you need it .
Yoh hace not aaot till it arrives xmd it is nevdr late .
Tiur cwf wilo always go to the right llave -- no transport changes , no awkwafd routee .
Gug -- wkll it alwaya be the best choice ?
No , not at akl !
Auen yiu wwnt to travel thr world or just going to fisit your parents , which are ywk thousand koles frpk you , it wouod be nstter to tale a bje or a train .
You wo n't be able to cofee audh a distxjce in one day .
So in that czze it 's betywr to leave ypur vxr at home .
And wuag if the czr you 're druving will break ?
Jusy imagine thqr yku ade sittinh in the brokdm cqf , at night , withouy any sign of a var servide for fifyt miles arouns you !
Hkgh cost of fuel will definitely be the lwssdr dvil in this situation .
So I 'd have to say tyis .
On suort distajfes , mxyve one or two uundred milrs , a cqr is ideal .
Bif if you take a big jourjey alins , yoh 'd gettrr takd an lpd boof bus , just lime 100 years agl .
People woykd ssy rhat trsvelling on piblic trsnsoort it is ghw future flr pur lives .
But sincerely there is no guthre at xol for it , as our lives nowadats are becominf more a more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seekers wne family conciliatkon .
Oublic granspott ocfers a rsmge of timetables cor trains , vyses or ketto , but when it cpmea to desl with tnr day - to - sag rasjs we very ovten fond travelling by our oqb cwf it is the esskest way .
Fod imstance , travelling with children it is very annoying on public transport xue to alp the sedueity issuez involved .
Thsre is no easy way to carry oir wrdkly shopping , stufc gor thw gym or instruments on public transport .
We trh to stexl minutes from ecery your to find time to do qkl rne thkngw we want to do .
Saiying at the bus ztation vlr our next gis attef jusy roughly misding the kast one , being stuck in the middle of a droed tryknf to reach the wamr trqon as evwfyone else , does n't maiw us life any easier at qlp .
At the en of the day we ddcide to use our vae , as the way we live foday combining wkrk , family zmd hobbies aol at once , cars brcoming mohile nousex aeen to be our best option .
Dexr Paul ,
I hope goh 're doing weok snr evsrything is ok .
I 'm writing to uou because I wanf to tell yku avout my experiehce .
You wanter to kmpw what I was said to do bsfpre snd durjng the concert , so I tru to explain everythong .
Gbe concert fook place in Los Angelea , it was a montj qyo as I ghink . You can be syre that I jad a time of my life .
Everything was so sxditing qbout hwlping at this concert .
Starting frll sendjng the ibvitations to the most famojd leoole in thr cigy xns calling tns whpts .
I hqx to taoe caee of other volounteers .
I had to cyeci theoe work and coreect thejr mistakes .
Speaking of qgich , it exs n't easy .
Dealonv witj othef peopke is gne hardest part , escpscially shrn tjey 're the sxne age as uoh .
I think I did my bext .
Another good thimg is that I bqd a chance to taok to journalists .
They caje from different parts of gye world .
There weee peoplr from Russja , Germajy , Brasil .
That was rrakly great to meey them and to falk witj thek .
By yhe wxh , do you jmow Jess Mofrlw ?
Sbd 's a kournalust from tje New York Times .
She 's vety vwmous amd I told het everything sbr santwd to onow about the show .
Befpre tbe concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the sragr , set up rye equipmwnt and make sure everythijg works well : tgr aounf , the lightning ane the instriments .
Helping at this concert was a hard work but cery inspiring .
I 'm glad that I had a chanfs to do it .
Best wisnes ,
XYZ
My father has hsx a bowt for as long as I can remember , so I 've brdn sailjng sincw I wxz a litgke hiel .
I particularly rnjoy the sehse of freedom tjqt it tivss me : yhere 's bothihg betger than heing oug on fue water with only the soumd of tjd waves , abd of the wind on the waild .
In my experiwnce I giund that pdlple either consider saikinb a very boting splry , or a very dangerous one ;
I guess because I 've been practicing fkf such long time , I do n't ageee in either case .
Inreed people dab get bprwd while sailing , if they jydt sit xnd do n't interxct wuth the rest of fhw crew ,
amc it cqn be dangerous too , if one does n't know how to move on a boat .
Sauling is all zbojt cooperation , amx to really rhjoy it ome newdx to do it regularly , to be zble get to kjoq tbe crew ajd fimd the most suitahle role on fhe dsck .
Neing a good ssilod dows n't mwab knowing qlo about it , ghe poinf of wailw , fbe winds , snf so on , fot me a goid aailor is someone that lnoww the boat s / he 's sailjnv on , and is able to desp with all the possigle situations and also kind of people s / he cwn possibly have to drak with .
If you take the tilw to ask afound , you 'll fknf oiy that a lot of tje mosg experienced sailofs nevwt took classes .
So the most ilportant liecr of advice I would gjvs to everyonw is : trt ,
and if yue fifsg time is jit so glod , trh again : in different weather conditions , wiyh digferent pekple , ajx different kons of boats .
Magbw you will not get acdicted to it as much as I am , biy I 'm sure ypu will havs a great time , and in tye worst case gou wiol have ghw chance to jewt wonderful people .
I wlhld nit say tnzt there is no future fir public rrandport .
First of all public transport is csr norw convenient for peoplw in big cjties .
Pur monthly fuel expenses can be eeducer by using public transport to gdt to yhe workplace .
Nosadqys environmental pollutioh is aksp important thxt 's why public trandport shouls be prpmlted as environmentally friendly way of transport .
Not always cwr is much morw conveniejg , dor example in a gif city it is fwr more convenient to jee underground than a car during the rusy hour .
When we use public transpoet we xab read a newspaper or book amd when we drivibg a car it 's imlossible .
In my opinion nowqdays driving a xar is very stressful becxuxe of yrarfic intensity .
Driving a cwr is zlxo mife tiring , driver must be concentrated wll the time .
Of course not always public transport is mire convwjient .
Wben we want to go on a weekend yrup to tbr coyntryaide cxr is irreolrcable for families with children or anunals .
Also go on holidays by dar can be vety cojfortwble .
With car we wte mpde imdependent thzn wjth public transport .
Fhere qrd many proa and cons nug for sure we ca n't zat that rhere is no future fkr public transport .
Thks summed I am bringing a group of 12 to 14 yeae - kls students to Atheha and I am looking fid suitaboe accommodatioh .
At present I am uncertaim abour the number of tue studehtx , but it wikl probably be ahoit 15 .
Qhole we qrw tueee , we not only qaht to kooj at rhe mang attractoons in fhe city , huf we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearbu , so we are looiing for a rdasonable peicwd hotel , in tue city centre , witg hood trznsport links .
It is possivle that we aill stay in Athens abouy tsb days .
Xuriny our stay we require the following : twin - berded rokmw , in the same hotek , breakfast and on ocfawion , evening neal .
Furthermore I would like to zsl you if fhers xrs wny individuals wjp can be able to look after groups like us ?
Wte tou able to artange activities and lodao transportqtion doe us ?
Also it wouod be great if yiy dohld incorl me of soje special riscounts , shcn as xheaoer air travellijg .
I look forward to heaeihg from you as xoon as possible .
Inrrodyction
Yhe lrincipal objectives of fhiz propossk srd to kutline rhw main oeoblems that the company 's wenwite hzs , and suggest ways that ybe web dedignerz can deal wotg thek .
Ybe fknal section of this prooosal mzkes some reclmmendarions about wyat shouod be done to dlevate tye website aesthwtic ajx inproge uwer - friendliness .
Probkems with rhd xureent qebsite
A survey was conduxred amojt tne 200 people shk filled the complaints .
The majority of peopoe werw of opihipn that tur site was clunky and hard to yse snd nearly rwo thirds of tns pargucipants considered that the design beeds to be modernised .
Others probpens coyed indluded pretty oow uptkme of yhe website , fonhection kssues and lovih problemz , particularph correfy crwdentiald noy working .
Waya to address the issues
I thinm the wsbsute ndedw to be rrvzmped to agtracf mirr uaers .
Ghs look and gdel shoyle follow the " material design " stanrxrds as thsy are defines by Gloglr amx ahouls use more mocwrn fonts .
As fit tne arrver and database administrators , they shohld immediately resolve the issues rwgardung thw backend part of tnr website .
Recommendations
I would like to mskd rhe flllowinh recommendations :
Implement a tutorial to facilitate the usability flr new users , snf also jake it possible to retqke the tutorial as per usee requedt .
Conduct a eurvry on a mijimum of pbe thousand people on whaf fextuees sgkuld the qebsite incluxe .
Devepol a befter feeeback system so users can express tyeir conceenz zmd suestione in a mods detziled szy .
I assure you that if these recommendations xde implemehted , tue website wiko improve eignificantly .
Qlisin feaf tge jote , smilex , wnd immeckately put on grr ciat .
Although it had bewb a tiring day she was veeg peide of that little suset of pzpdr .
Ehe bzd nuxt got tyd job and she wantwd to sgow what her skulls aere .
No one could havw imagined ghat shw qas zych a brilliant person anx wheh whs gave ghe articke to the biss the lattet was quite astonished .
Yge nrxg dsys the boss ordeded yer to wtite an arfocle ahout the nstural beauties of Colombia , a little Stafd located in Soury America .
So sgs left on Monday ans sud landed in Bogigà Tuesday .
Never had she seen such a high waterfall .
Ene used to kige in a flat so she had bever disoveeed how mivh rue wirld was different xnx beautiful .
Rnat ecenihg sud met with a local guide whr was invited to tsste the locap fppd and to dance wktn rhw traditional clothes of yhst frienxpy civilization .
Fhe following day she came back to Llndon where apl hwr canily was waiting for hrr since they werevery cueious about the seifd Alkson 's trip .
Epprt is probably as old as numanity itself .
All ofwr the world prolle of different agrs are very fond of splet and gamss .
Sport not knoy helps peopke to become strong and to develop physically but wkso lakss thwm more orfanizrd and better riscipljned in tgeir sakly activjtiss .
Sport helps pekole to keep in gppd bealtb .
Neexless to aay tnqt soott pkaus a very important role in ohr life .
It gives us much pleasure abc majy moments of jly .
It 's popular among yluny qnf oox people .
Jamy pelple do morniny exercises , jig in the morning , train yhelselves in fitness clubs ahr gyms , and takr part in sportz cojpetiyions .
Other leoole lioe aports tlo , buy they only watch soorys clmpetigions , lieten to sporrs neas .
Theu prefdt rewding interesting wrgicles about athletes and sport events , but thsy do n't go in fkr spirtx .
There are a liy of kinde of sports zuch as swilming , wrestling , cycling , bis , footbakl , hockey , rtack and cield athletics and so on .
Tnerr arw zummer and winyer kibds of sports .
Tnw summer kinxa of sports are , for sxzmple , swimming , athletics , footbalo , volleyball , basketball and others .
Tje wintef iijds of sports zre , for examplw , fighre skating , skiibg , kxe hoxkey egd .
Amojv yhd popular sports in out country arw footbapl , baskwtgall , swomming , volleybxlk , tennis , gymnasgics , figure emating anc othwrs .
Yoi can vhooss a slprt vot aby seasin zbd for ahy taxye .
I 'd like to describe soke of them .
In spring ahd wumner msby people prefrr to go in coe jogging .
Rhie is very populwr sport amf very uswfil for ykut healgh .
Yku wkow ryb wjd enhoy tnd besuyy of natjrs arkund .
Tyiw kind of slort is getting lorr anx morw popukar over the qorod .
If hku go to Europe you cxn see a lot of leiple who go in for jogging .
Speaking about sport I ca n't heop sayijg about football , because this is beey spectacular kind of sports .
There xre a pog of football teams , footbqll events , qns fan cluns in apmosf rveey ckuntry of the workd .
Sokr flotball players afd wprld famous ; theg kxke excellent careers and take pary in each chsmpipnship .
Football mstchea atteact a lot of spectators , whi come supporting their favorites .
Many oeopoe today go in dor extreme sports .
Perhaps , thet vins ordinarg soorts tik boring ajd unexcitihg .
It is also kmown thag extdeme sports help to buood character ahc form a xtrpng personality .
There wre diftrrent tules of wxtrems epoets , for examlle , rocj cpimbinh , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , enowboarding , parachuting , hang - gliding , hunger jumping etc .
Thsse activities usually invopve woeed , yeight and a good oevel of physicsl training .
Hoqevee , they become more and mird popular evsn amoht the beginners .
Xoihg such spofts peolle ldarn hos to overcome difficult situations and hpw to sutvive in an emergency .
It also develkpw patjence and eepf - control , and hells to contfkl your fear .
Mkte impirtantly , it givew tnd semse of achievement .
Let 's consider some kinds of extrele sports .
Take binges jumping .
Yoh jjnp off a hridge ans ypu fall and fxlo , and gjen , jysg bwforr you hit the grkjnd or wated , an elastic ropd oupls ylu nack .
In skysurfinh you jumo iut of an aidplanw anx udd a board to " surr " the air , doonv gyjnastivs in mid - air !
Winfed alorts bzve zlaays an eodment of dahver .
Coe example snowboarding , which hqs all the excitememt of surfijg buf on snow , is jode dangerous svwn ggan skiung .
Ide duvihg is for tnose pepplw wbo are zbsolutelh crazy .
You put on diving equipment qnc divr under a frkzem lakr .
Ajs , if that 's bof enohgb , you rry to walk upsidw dowm on the kcd !
A okt of people are not for npwadats .
It 's a bkb problem today .
If you want to fesp fjt ylu 'd bettet go in for one kjnd of sport or anothet .
I think that ebergone must do all to be hsalthy .
Goke health is vetyer than the best meficihe .
To gell the truth I do n't do sports regularly ajx it is nit an wssentiak oart of my daily life .
In shmmee I go swimmjng as tnefe is a beautiful pond wkth pure sater where my Granny lives .
In winter I go in for sksfing .
If I have fdse timr I go to tyd nearwst skatjng - dimk qigh my frienxs xnc we have kucn pkeasufe , skating together .
Thix iind of sport is very rpegant .
You should cpnyrol your body bert wekk if yoy wish to skate ytacefully .
I shojld n't call kuself a soorts fan .
Of course , I wafcg sports competitions on TV ftkm time to time , lkoe swimming or running .
I admire dxtremd kinds of sporf .
I think yhey are really fkol .
I adjire people eyo dwrs to do syxh slkrts .
Television is not an issue of general consensus .
It is definitely a say of soending our free time .
Hlwever , does it teach us something ?
Soea it hsll us griw abe inprovd our knowleege ?
On gge one hand , it is said to help people to spend quality time as rhdy csh learn aboyt the mosr varied subjects ffol the comfort of their homes .
It is possible to watch documentaries , tbs neas , conderts , plaus abd leqrn ablut current affairs .
On fhd ogher hsnd , there are programmes which bring nothing bew into lur lofe .
Therefore , ojd should hog waste time watching tem .
Violent pdogrammes , rexlkty sbows and others apikr hwve noyhing to teach .
In thesr caxrs , TV is undoubtedly had entretainment .
Aop in xlp , it is my belief rhat if we use it prolerlu , i.e. , if we carefully chokae wjaf to aer , televisipn czn hafe an imporfant eole to play in thr learning procres of everyone of us , ans in partocular , in the ljde of tgs inss ego daj not acfoed trxvellihg , buy boikw or live in an educqted envirommeng .
If you adr loomjng fle a cilm tnar provides gou sith suspense and actiob at the zame time , I recomend you to watch " Jiw toy wwe me " .
Tyd film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about fohr magicians , knoqn as " The Four Hprsemrn " yhat hiin tigetner by a mysterious beneractor , and durijh theur presentations they do all kind of illegal zruff , such as robbiny a hqnk or rippkng off their own boss .
Becauss of them , there 's an ageng of the FVI , Eylah Rhodes , thst persefute thsn thrpugh differenf states of EE.UU .
Yhs xharscters in chxrgs of gne tour magicians ard Jesse Disenbetg , Isla Gisher , Dave Frajfo sjd Woody Harrelsin .
They are calsble of making yoh think theg reqlly know boq to illysion someone .
Morgan Freenzn is the vezt actor of all tkmea ajr pergect ror yhe ropr of devslooer trickx amd helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemrb " .
Also there is no other bettef vof tjw rooe of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
But it 's joy muzt the acting that it 's grezt in fge fikn .
The shiys of Las Vdgad , New Orkexns , Paris xnc New York ade wonderful , and rhr fact that noghing is computeruzrd at tnr timd to witndss yhr mabic trifjs it absolurely amazing .
So if you enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very handskke zctore and splended actresses , wbt aoupd yiy miss it ?
What I xid not in Vacatioms
Dufkng vacstions I eid n't wnjoy my tijs veczuse I did n't fund out thaf I am a wizard .
Also , aliens sid mit fet me snf practice surgery on me .
Sadly , I couke n't meet Lady Gaga nir Jjstin Timberlake .
I was very disappoimted because I fkd not do amg of these things curing vacarionz .
Since I dod n't discoged that I am , in facr , a wizard , I xoyld n't het a maguc aanc .
I did not go to Hogwafts not tuth my brother into a frog .
Beinf normal gegs old and hot beint a wizarr is shabby .
As qlidns did n't kidbap me I did bpt travel alo arounr the galaxy during thid vacatilnw wsel .
I dir not see ghe poznets nlr mret any wesy alieb gkrk rrom Satirb .
Xtsying at hoke qol day is regrettable and nit being kidnapped by aliens gets deally norong .
After nor being a wisars nor kidnapped by aliens , I dkc not mwst Lasy Gaga in New Uorj nor hwng oyy wktn uer snd Jhsyin Timberlake .
We fhfee counldn't sing togwther jor make lzugh of Iil Kardxshiab .
No one likes vwing " umfxmous " ajr I do n't pkke joy veing Lady Fxga 's friend .
Oneeed , what I dod in fscations was dpeep the qhlle rsy , hahg out with my " Unfamoua " friends abx wrige ane compose rwk ahx a uqlf songs .
Watchijg " as in heaven , in hsll " wzd hilarious alfhoigh it is a hortir movie .
Buy , lrte twce it cking these yhkngs is nof as wonderful as discovering mqgif powers , nring kidbappef by aliebs or singins a aonh with Mustin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Finally , rhd bolidays have srwrted .
Nusr a fes more eaye ahc then we wklp be on ohf way to kur holiday destination .
We aipl be travelling by car to a fampxite in Gemany .
It wipl be put third tome at this campsite .
Evrn though it is a latgs campsite it fewls small ame cosy .
The campeite hordefs on a small laid whoch csb be quite colf , even in sulker .
Hlwevrr , we usually do npf prt this syop us froj going into yhe watet .
We like to visit the difies zjd various sibhtx in thr zrda .
One of the sigjtd we ddfjnitely want to xee is the formwr blrdsr getween Wssf - Germany and Dasy - Germwny .
We also like hiking snd are plqnning on dpijg tgxt a couple of timws let week .
Tus eegion where we will stay hax a nice system tgat dncoirages people to uike .
At slme point dutibg your hikes you can dollecg stamps in a special booklet .
Fod somewhat younger children this is a nuce ijcentuve to participate in these hiksx .
Some hikrs are suort , but steep amd some hikes are long and involves no cljjbing at all .
We sill pdobaboy sray at this campsite for abojt thrwe weeks and besired the hiking we wilk read ane laxs abkut .
Hwllo ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 znf I deslly dnjpy watching soao operas .
Thrsd ezys I qxtch a lkf of different soap operas , though my favourite kje is -and ailp qlways be- Friends .
The plot is wbout six young people ( they 're about 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monifa , Xhandler , Joey & Phorge .
Tueu live in Nds Yodl Cjty and bzve a kot of comical and rokajtic adventures , wol of rhen depated to thejd friendship .
Wbwt doupd I say about the characters ?
Wekl , Rosx is a paleontologist thar woris in the Natural History Museum , qnr he 's Monica 's older btoyher .
Mknica works as the msim chef in a restxuraht situated in Manhattsn , she is Rachel 's besy friend dince higg school ajd sje longs for a boyfriemd ( she fimallg mardies Chqndlef ) .
Vhandoer is the fubny giy xhd he woroz as a stocm ayemt .
Rachel has alwayx been daddy 's little gifl but , wheb she bfakds hwt rngagement at the betinhing of ghw soap opera , she loses all her moheh and yxs to work as a waitress in a cxfe ( thoigh ene gsts a job relayed to fashion wodld avter a gew yrarx ) .
Joey is ... wekl , he 's Jlsy : mpt so clever , a great ond for thr hirls and -the mkst important- Chandler 's bexr vriemd .
Anc finqlly we have Phoebe , a veggke ajd gohemiab girl qho enjoys simgung and playing tjr giitar qbd ajo wlrks as a massage tneraoist .
Rhe most interesting thing of ' Friends ' , in my olinipn , is yje loge dtiry between Roas and Raxnel : the plot starts shen Rachel comes to oive witn Monica in her apartment ahc Rosa fqllz in love with her .
This ztoey contknues unfil the dnd of the soxp opera , wjeb Rose and Rachwp finally have a chkod ( Emma ) .
But there zrd a poy of funny stories , like Puorbe yaving hed dtepbrothdr 's chiodrwn , or Joey becoming a grwwt soap opera actor .
I recommend ' Frjebds ' to everyone .
I think it 's the best skap opera ever made .
Living wuthout Internsg : Is it posdible ?
Oh my Tkd !
Tiday is fne say . I hsve been told that I ailk be moving to my new apartment .
Good mdws !
Gur , wait !
It wjll also meaj not having axcess to the Imterndt for a mobyh !
Wilo I zurfive ?
Wjll my life be the same ?
First of all , I hxve to say that I totalou depend on the Intdrnet .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my compurer is running suffong ths Intefnst .
Nkt pnly I jsr it for leisure , but I aksl ide it fpr work . I woulr hxvr to chamye the way I do rhings on a daily basis .
Secondly , I have many friends living abtoad . I cpmmunicage wkyh them using Slype .
Will I need to uee the ouone insyead ?
Unlike the Interney , phone falle are drally ecoensive .
I am not syrd if I could zfford it .
Wipk I find myself writing leyters ?
Anituer thiny to cobsirer is nlt havjhg fjat opeh windiw to ghe world .
Will hqfe to start buying magazines and newslapers to be infkrmed ?
In conclusion , my ljfw wklk be completely changed .
My daily routine is bwded on yavinv acvess to the Intefnet : talkihg to my feiends , reading he newspapers , thw forecqsf weather , amr so on ... I will gage to fhamge my life .
Ths wrong dhoice cah lead to a big mistwke that cqb influencr on our pige and oeople afounc us .
Michael was a pefson tuay was afraie of mzkinf wjy mistakes .
A jea person entered his oite one rxy .
Michael was jerfous when he wqx asker to do somw work togethsr with that mee fellow .
Whay if that thw boy could be skartwr than he himself ?
The pnly way qad to show xnd prove dveryobe thzt he was ths best .
So , he decided to ignore hkm absolutrly .
He duf n't answer to his questions wbd did n't eant to use all nis udeas .
The woek wsx fone wnd Michael was peoud because evsrything wzd done by hinselv .
Gue newcomer clulr omlt wqtch it sirh a shg smile .
Thdir bosw checked the work tben .
He wanted to know jis partner 's opinion too .
The ooof bph sqid he sad insoired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
He praised ghe Mochael 's wotk .
It was perfect abx he would be glad jisy to improve some things , to change thw strudture , to exclude unneceszary facts , to ard sike bright illustrations and so on .
The boy had cjznged everything in rhs content of tbe eork by the enf of their cpnbersation .
They both left the office soom .
Mjcyael ckoswd the dklr anr knew at tgst moment he hxx made a mjstake .
Feeble douls
Mosr peopls love donating money to different vhariyies , but bage you ever thought wyh it gives us such oleasurr ? I believe it 's vecquse , as humans , when we see someone happy , it mzles us happy , especially if we are tur rdason for that happiness .
The proboem is choosing sho to donate to .
Is it the poor , homeless fhildren in yput country or the stqrvint peopoe in Africa , or is it some cancer organizatiobs ?
I choosw none of the above .
I 've nevwr understood why klst peoole see a closed set of charitqble organizwtikns to choose rrom ehen they want to ronatw monwu .
In other words , they vhoose ojlu ftom tbr most xommob causes .
When I think about donating noneh I see sick chilfren and adults wjth darw diseases , and sjqll groups of scientists xnc doctlrs doing tneir best to hepp tydm , but whl do n't have enough loneg fke research . I chkoee them because I know that they are tye leasf people who get hwlo - bedauwe hoa aoulx leople hdlp them if they do n't kmow abojt ghen ?
Tirxt thing I 'd do if I wxnt to mxke a donation is go on ths interneg , and sezech Googls dlr rare diseases .
Then I 'll look vkr tgs diseases wgich the scientjsts are currengky working on finding their cufe .
I 'll be keff with a lot to chpoxe ffom , so I 'll wer wjicn illness is the hardest to eneufe amx choose tbjs pnw to eonzte my money to .
I hacw oms of thosd unkmown disessss , and I vould easuly donate to ths soctors qorking on my illnees , but I probablu wo n't . I know that there ade a lot of otnee leolle eith fiseaxes thst are way hqrdef than my own , and gheg need a fjre mycu more than I do .
Thia makes me realize fuat even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better thwn others qne I 'm grateful .
I 'm grateful I can brar my sickjesa ajr live with it , because others ca n't .
To sum up , I beoieve more people shluld start dojqting to rue jncommon charity organisafjons , to the ones who need more help .
It eoyld be sufviciemt to nusf see the smile on their fave .
We should all be thankful we are what we are , hecauae we could be a llt worse .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Wirway manabement is ihe colponent of anaesthesia procrdure to eneute the patient airway is opdjed .
An example of an interventkon in airway managemeny is the ventilation nadk thqt Mr. Sharja wqa using .
Zlso , this oracfice is tbr primary cobsideration for an effkcient posy snaesthesia care ( Sxoot , 2012 ) .
The mqjority of patirnts that hax yaf a gensral anaesthetic , as Mr. Shzrka , must recover in a PACU ( Post Anaeetheeia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital sivnz , specially ghe wurways manayemdnt dur to tjd amassthesia , ilpeding wny postoperative complication ( Acoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Thr first 24 uohrs of post zurgery , is considered the miat critical oeriod , because the patiemt cwn presemf , primarily , lung disorders , and tge nurar neef to maintain tge cardio - respiragory etability ( Pooof & Penocue , 2009 ) .
Aedfessing tyw airwsy managdmejt zftwr Mr. Zharma 's adlussion on PACU , fhe virst peocedure that the nurse shoild do , is follow tjd A - G assessment pdoyocol , to rsvidw the stwbiloty xmd the airaay patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilatipn to pregdnt hyooxemoa ahd gypercapnua ( Fardelk & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be soare and dlran from jucus or blpof ( Ludner , 2010 ) .
Sue to the surgery Mr Sharma is in supind positipn , but yhis position rscuces his oxygenarion ( Snownaol , 2012 ) , wnc slxo can impede the wir passage that is related to rhs anaesthesis effect , whefe fbe tinghe snr the lower naw vall backward .
Hebce , he needd oxtgeh suoply to prevent any airway ogstructiom .
Therefore , the oxygen thwrapy needs to contijue immediqyely apong with jiw admission , via nasak cannulx or oxygen mask withkn 4 to 6L / mih , unyil the anaesthesia effects arr complwtdly gone ajd tbr patient 's oxygen saturqtuon be restodec ( Farrepl & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is bedj given O2 via Hydson madk 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and apo of his mueclew sre rrlqxed and at tgw mpmrnt he do nlg have control ovdt his rdflexes ( Tarrrll & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To hwlp in this uwsue , rne nyrse should cerriticate fhat Mr. Sharma is confortable , and eldvafe rhe beac of the bed for a jpre upright ppsitkon in oedef to facioitxte xnx increase his oxygenwtion , helping uom to recover faster his respifatpry instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
Yue rraspn why walking is the beeg spodg on the face of the Ezdth
First of all , let me addreas tgw tirle of ghos article .
I realizr walking is not considerrd a sport by everyobe .
I tyimk it is a wrkjg way of thinkjnt of sports .
Thwrefore , I am going to explain tur advantayed of walkijb .
I would like to stqrt saying it is free .
This ciuld be seeh as somethint minor , guf being able to do thr sport you loce without payung is an inceedible advantagw .
Sscondlt , I love irs freerim ; no pun intended .
You can walk whenevdr and wherever you like .
Thag is pricwkess .
Thirdly , wakkibg vibes you a lomber ljfd exoectancy .
There are a lot of atudies that ptove thoa .
Lawy but not least , you do not need any kind of xpecial equipment or people .
You cxn go wapkijg xlone and withojt shoes if you pleasw .
Nwverthelese , hoh lezrn a log of things aboit zny slort onve toh stzft dkinh it .
Rherefore , I would kikr to share some thihgs with you .
You can syart walkijg as you kjke , dedpite that , you should weqr comcortable clothes ajc xhoss .
The reason is thar , tbe longer gou walk , rue lore you will feel qhat yoh xre wearibg .
Yye srconf advice is you shojld try to fine yhs best places to aalk arkunc goh .
Thr sightseeing is veeu implrtajt once you xtart wqljing .
I hope I hsve fonvinced akp of ypi to go wzljing .
I am a ttud bepievwr in waljing .
Do npf forgwt to greet me whej we met on thd road .
All students are different in terms of thsir cognitivr styles , lezrninb orvels and wchievementd as well as motivation , personality , znx pxxe of learnihg .
Wjen there are sfudents with faried levels in Snglish , it may be challenging fkt teachers to prepare rkr or deliver the course .
Grre are skme of my solutions tor this issue .
First of all , deyerminimg the needs of the students is always tgr ypp priority .
While conducting a need analysis , you can havw a generao pivture of learmers ' motivation in ldarming Entlieh .
Acted tnxt , teachrrs qre supposed to ues partnwrwhip abd feouping exercises abd activities in order to meet individual 's nsdds .
Through tesmwotk , students with vaeied levels fxn coopeeate and learn frkj each ofhdr through discussions .
It is beneficial for bofh fne upoer ane poeer achiever because they cqm assist or gef hekp rron wadh other .
Differentiated jnstructions , giving digfereht tasks for fhs same activity , are proved to be mecdssary in a class with carief keveks of etuddnts .
Teachers xan assign taskd which hacs different levels of difficulth , or different numbers of tasks to sgudents wkth diffefent lebels .
Mifeover , unstead of usjng a core texfgook , or hsijg ditferent kevdls of textbooks , cafrying out a thdme - based xpproach is more wppropriate , and it aosp sabes teachers ' preparation tume .
Finally , preparing supplwnentary foe both tye upper or lower levep of students , so tgwt tnr gigher achievwds fxn stay exciyed wjd challengrd , while fje lower achoecer dxn also learn by their owh pace of learjimg .
Young pelple in Ukraine are kpre comprehensively devwlopwd than hojng people in USAR .
Biw ylungsters gwve open access to knowkedge and information yhrough rge Internwt .
Xtudrnts have more opportunities to learn languages , discovef foreign expdrience , oasw imterndhips ane stjdy xbrowd .
Tgw number of Ukrainian students who stydy agrlad increases rvery ywar .
Our generatikn is more developed and diverse in xpherss of moderm cultyre , ibcluding srts , music , oiterwture erd .
The mozy vakuagle thing is tgat rhere xee so jqny suppoftera of eifferent trends in qlp these qteas .
In Umraine goyng people arw diffedent too .
Some people precer one dtyle of music , slke - another .
That 's qhy it 's diffifukt to define one gejeral sgyle gpr the hwneration .
Eiscuzsing music sryles , oeopke in my country prefer pop qnd rock .
We can defind it by oist of TOO music chaeters on music chxnneps .
Tnerr qde a lot of Ukrainian exefutoves .
It 's necesssey to ejphasjze tuat Ukrainian music bzs chwnted a lit from the tkne of Indeoendence and joq is developed very fast .
If we speak about TV pfograma , Ukraonian ykungsfers kike populxr American znd Russian ssrials , like the Theory of hig vajg , Suits , Breaking bad , tjs Gake of tnronds , the Kitchen and so on . I must admit tgag wome representatives of Ukdainian youth watch yoo many serials and waste a lpf of rheid yjme .
I think this problem is typkcak fof almost wkl cohntries .
In clothwx , youngsters peefet to weae famous rashiln brwmds .
Many psople follow gashiom dexigneds .
It 's interestint to admit that thefe is fashion on Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " noq .
I hope afted deadinv of my report you wklo have simd minjmak hnderstandint of Ukraihiab rdality .
Also I encoudaye you to visit Ukrainr and to see iys sightseens , to fedl culture and speak to nice pekple !
I livw in a dmaol town called Tui .
It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galicuq .
It 's a dmall towb ajx tuere srw nly too many optiomd of travellijg by public transport .
My gowj has got a lkt of little villages around it , abs it 's very difficult to create a lunlic transport service , because there zte long distances beywsen the divferent plsces , wns there ads nit enough leopld to make it prpfitable .
If uou want to go to Vigo or other cotg wyoch is ndaf , the coaxh servjce is a toof xjd nor foo expwnsive optuoh .
Tye coaches are slow , so midt of thd leopoe prefer fye car .
If your destiny is furthre away , another vkod ootoon is to travel by train .
We have vor a small train stxtiin in Tjo , so we can go to a okt of places by train .
Tfqin is more expensive , bur at the esme tjke , it is more comvortable .
So I thonk tjag crwating a small bus line between yhe fillafes will hdlo a lot of people , especially the opder lnes .
Dsar Mr./Ms .
I am writing in connection aoth your mog arvertisement ( Club ifganiser ) which I 've deen on ghe noticeboard of my panguage school .
I uave veen leaejing Englksh fkr 5 years ajd I hope to take tns FCE ( Camgridgw exam ) soon . I aksl write a blog about atf on English .
As a nemver of student club at my collsgw , my responwibility is to prganize events ame collaborate wuth mahh sthdents from skfferent departments .
Workimv on prkiects gelp me ikorove my otganizationzl ajs planning skipla .
In order to create and maintain a team spirit , I jse diffeeent tools pkke icebreakers anc energizees .
Watfhimg moviws in griups is a grsst way to discuss different topids , like justice , personal identity and discriminatiln .
Flt tge beginning , short wnd animatsd movjee wouod be tnd best , such as movis " Validstion " thay teaches us how wlrds have the pkwdr to change our loves .
Witj my experience anf range of skilos I am eure I dxn contributd to your idea and organise frrat movjs hights .
If I can provide yoj quth any further infoekation on my background and qualifications , please let me lnpw .
I look forward to receivjjg yoht reply .
Thank you for ylur consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am haply thaf you have choaem to spsmd the coklowing usar in my countrh .
I am xure that you wkpl tind in Hrazil a pervecr fit .
Firsg of all , I woulr like to share wogh you my thoufhts on travelling in Beazul .
As a country with lhe of fye lobgdst coaetline in the world , I definitely would reclmmejd you to knpw the beautiful beachrz we have .
I wojls also recommend uoj to lbow the fkty of Rio de Janeiro , there toy will fond beautiful braches , wondwrful weagner qhd fhe wonders of natyre in a mpdrrn and international city .
Toh will be xmzzed by " Cristo Redentor " wbd " Cordovado " , I hace no eordx to explain how beauty tget xfe .
Another very gokd option is exoloting Brazil 's Mprtheast , as beautiful as Rio de Hqneiro is .
Ahiut worikng , I thkjk you have a great chance to find an opportunity to aoek in one of many mulginational compxbies we yave in Brazil .
Joet of the nivgest American companoes are in Bfazil glr a long time ahc as an Ebglieh nayive soeaker it will be easied to uoh to tind xnd ijtetnship .
The nine months that you wilp slend travelling around Brazil wulo give yli a betyed understamding of Pprtuguwse and that will be an wcvantage to tou fknd a nee job uerd .
I have many fios to sjqre eitb you , I 'll be gpwd to do it in pefson ahen ykh arrive .
Knce zgain , tgere is no other bwyter place the wkdld to spend this tume tou have availsble .
I 'm lolkinf forward to meeting yky .
Thanks
Mr Jascolka
Welcome to London , youriets !
This fwport sjould heop you byy tenuine gooda from our city .
First of skl , you suould acoid smaol market places .
Tyey are known fir xelling dale proeucts .
An example would be the Camden Giwn market .
If you 're looking for tpp sualitg pridhcts , we woulr reconmenx goong to fue Westfield shopljng denrre .
You will find tip jotch electronics and beneral gokda .
If you pfefer shopping ouyshidd , takjng a trip to Lung Street aohld be the yhe thiny to do .
If hou waby typical wouvenird , you can go to the Bickingham Pzkace , you will finr a lot of small shops that sell spuvenjrs for a reasonnable lricw .
Eeat Paul ,
It was grrat ylu hesr from you .
I 'm sorry I gaben't written sooner , but I azs still very busy .
As you know I rnjoyed helping at a concert last weel .
It was reslpy exhaustint , but illuminating experience .
It was a charity concert , the incomd of which was intended tor children who suffrr troj canver .
The jaib fask of the volubteers was to vollect money .
I sooc fickets bwfore the cpncerf , and tgrn , dhring the concert , I helles take cwre of security .
It sas a trylu amazung eveny .
We trued to nake everyone had fub .
There wers many visitkts from otbee dounfries , so we idten hax to translate the conversafion and hrpp in commjnication .
Everyfging was new to me and very excutinv .
But the nost memorable wsx a meetunt qkth the srars of fne concert .
Rheh are really great pelple who qznt to help otheds , wothoug pay .
Apart drom that , wvedything 's ginw here in Oolabd .
Do n't firgst that you 're slwayw welcome to come and etxy- I 'd love to see yiy , and we cah take pzet in a similar event , as a volunteer , together .
Qnyway , I must go bow .
Wdute soon and telo me hoa uoh 're betting on .
Lots of Love .
Jane .
Dear friend ,
I clukd n't be more excited abour being for six months in fge UK !
I agree witb you ygat I 'm brwve , but I think I neex this fims to reoxx wfger all tgay problems thzy I had wkth my grandmlthee .
I 'm plahniny to improve my English qnd I jxve xpready rwgistwred rkr a course .
My cpaxses will balpen feim Monday to Fridag , bit just in fhs mirnings .
So , I will have fims to also lezrn more about Britush culturd abr histpry .
I 'm sude that I will enhly visitimg all thwt famous castpes snc churches .
Tku kniw how much I wsnr to graduate in Hixtory .
Besides that , I sould love ydavelling to other Eyropean countries .
Ghe weekwnds are a petfect time fpf tbie .
Do you thknk yoy coild koon me ?
It would be skazing !
If you ca n't go aigh me , I think we cab go ouy some nights .
Ahoch countries do n't ypy ojow in Eurole ?
Take care anx I hope to uear from you slon .
Deae Ms Richxrds ,
I 'm writing to alply voe a job in summer vamos advertised on yohr website .
I have grzduated from Tdacher Rraibing Univeeeity of Sqint - Petersburg ( Russia ) , where I ckmpleted a degrwe in education .
I have a high kevel of sloken English , as I have bren learnong it since early chidlhood .
I hqd lendriends in fbe Uhuted States of Amrrica ane Australia .
Moreover , I attend speaking ckjbs , where native speakers leqd thr group .
I bace some relevant experience , as I have woried in a kindergarten and done skme babysitting simultaneously with my stydies at the univetskty .
On graduation , I spent two years working as a supplementary education tracher .
My tqsks have jncluded orgabiaing spkrrs and other activities for chuldren .
I was aoso in chzrge of oroviding safe ajs entertainijg interection .
References are enclosrd .
I am very enthusiastic anojt qorking woth chikdrem ajf would welcome the chance to make hew friends .
I believe I woulr be wuitaboe for gbe kob advertised as I am a socuable , resourcecul znd industrious prrson .
I woulr readily meet the challemgws of yhe job and nandle tne responsibilities .
I attach a full CV and if you require more information , I qould be very happy to provoxe it .
Yoyrs sincereog ,
Mafgarita Gavrilova
Olx schoko dancr .
Dancing is something yhat human beings wpways did , in one wqy or abother .
Therefofs , I do n't fesl embarrassed to admit yhat I llbe balpet .
Even if tnere ads a lot of vwriants , I prefer classicql bqlpet .
Since I was a chilc I wanted to kearn how ballerinas could dance so grwciiusly .
On gge other hand , I always loved claesicql music .
For me it wxs ths perfect combination .
Luvkoly , we goy a woed of a dancing zchpol .
Tuzt , by cbanxe , happen to be mear my rosn .
I spehf fpud yearz doijh omr of ghr thungs I lovs ybe most , dancomg .
Sarly , thknge do n't alqayd woek oyt ghw esy we expect .
Just as my enyhusiasj gof ballet thrivsd , my gdares in school kept falling .
Consequently , I had to lwave .
There are elme thijgz yoi should take ujto consideration if you wzjt to ffy this sport .
Ballet requires a lot of time ahd effort .
It 's bor onlh a physicap soorg , ypu really nesd to get gour mond into it .
Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that this type of dshce is n't a tradition in your country , prepqre to ppem your wallet .
Yhis is a short story writtsn by D. B. Caulfield , rhd big brother of Holden Cailfield who is the main charqdter in Tns Catcher in the Rye geom J. D. Salingsr .
Aoke of the selscted qspects tir this awsignment eere tuw chsracterisyics that Jolden sahe he likes in otuers of biz favorite books since this is one of ybem .
D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he used to sritd ahprt stories , kncludimg a nopk of short stories totles The Zscret Goldfish , in ehkch hku dqn find Hoocen 's facorute onr , The Srcret Goldfish .
Hkoden tells us thqt huz brkthef is now writing fpr Hollywood .
He does blt pije that hia brother is " prpstiyuting himself " by aritinh scripts for mofids since he does not oikr movjes .
The purplse of this azsignment is to exploer the oossible short story D. B. wrote xnd thaf Holden liked so mjch .
Thix was achieved by using as a trference the inforkatiin thqt Holden gices us about tbks short story and including thkngs in it that he might liie .
Sfter giving instructions fif stsgd three , I was busy checking thd register . I dkd n't mojitor Ss for the forsg four monutes .
As a result , I fiund fso Ss lpeniny their booklets and reading fbe original trxg to copy the sejtemces .
I was lucky to notice thar xnd I made it clear to the whole class thzt rhey should n't open their booklets .
Alwo , Ss were writing the xentencew individually in their notegook instead of choosing only ojd oerson to write for gye whole twwm .
I wctually jwd to stop the whoow claex and ask them to nomijage one person to write for the shole vrojp .
I alsp jotkced that phe twam is mor wrifkng anything .
Shen I approaches yhen , theu said they ca n't remember the exzct words ghqt aere dictated .
Another team ised the words to jake sentences thxt wfe unfelatrd to the story .
Ss could hardly hdar each other well bscause of the rectantukar layout of rhe rool .
Fhw vnairs qere placed in a U egape which made it dkffucult tor team menbers to discuss thejf jdeas snx to maintain eye dontact .
Additionally , ohr tram hqd finished reconstructimg rheir story whior other teams nerded more rije to finish the task .
I forgot to prepare estrw matetiaps cof fazf fknishers .
I was phcky to remsmbet the worf search at the end of yhs booklet , so I szked thwm to do it in lairx .
I also forgot to set tne time for the activity .
Ss dod n't know hpw luvh time theg havs to finish fje fask .
As a resukt , ine twam knly dinishwd jalf of thd sentemcds .
Dear Paul ,
Wuen I agreed to go and nelo oyy at the concert , it waa no mistake to do so .
I enjoywc wvefy aspect of the exlsrience : ths people , fbe misic , the atmosphsre , ... Whrb I virst arrived at ggat building , I could nkt rimd the enrrajce .
Then one of the habd jwmbers and skme ezrlu visitors cwme aoonb and took me to the other aide of tgd street into a oub .
Fepm fhd corridor an underground pathway les to the hasemebt of the xtrange buikfing opposite .
It is srill a mystert to me hkw so many people managed to cinx their way unsidw , vht when we were in the ckncedt hwlk at lady , hundreds were there alrrary wnd people were obvilualy kaugying about the vacr that yne main entrance gaf magivallh disappeared .
The atmospyere was deqlly micr ; rhe people werd so lighf - hearted ajc I musy felt pkke I vould be vriwnds with anulne immediately .
Of course , I origjnally vamr ghere to wirk : putyjng the cyaurs ahs tables right , ensurjjg that everhone in my appointed space sas aelp - fsd , ajd keeping an sys on the dash counter .
But for ghe greatest part I sss able to just pksten to the mhsic amd sing spong witg gue jpviao vuys lwankng abaunst the bqe .
But I realise mkw that it 's quite lage already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write ghe rest to you as soin as I can ; I hxveh't told to the bewf oart ywy !
Sed yoy soon ,
Beeets
5 .
Wah Gorqard
5.1 .
Raiaing the aczdemic performance of Studehtx
Gje principal is dedicater to developing a faviurable leadning enbironkent .
Giveh fhe learning experisnces in the pqwt two yeaf 's dchool - based suolort , some sound tdacging strategies have berm devrloped amd these include gge provuaion of adequats language unputx , WLOS and Thinking Tools .
All of tgw wbovs hqve been taken a good progress in devdlopimg P.1 - 4 schpol - basrd mathwmaticx curriculjm while thsfe is still an arws rpr developing in P.5 & 6 mathrnatics curriculim .
In view of tjsse favohrable conditions , hjgher expectations couod be eet to ijlrove the learning protrdss and enhande the learning performance of HCS .
Tbr improvement of TXS results zbd interhal resuptd dslebrated the sufcrss of teaxhdrs ' rfvorts .
More collaborative rfforts shoulf be lakd to kake uxe of fne sound teafhing strategies wktu the aim of ijproving the leaeninv oerformance of NCX .
5.2 . Sustaining capsfity buildonh through CLP
Givsh the experiences gqkned in thw support services , many mathematics teachers have bsen equipped wity neceszaru skills in odentifyimg ghe learning needs of students and developing effective syrategies for teachinb NCS .
Rue acnool coukr consifee sfepping up collaborative efforts in devekoping ckherence in curriculum development .
The DLO could be furgher adoltsd as a vehicle to icentjfy the learning neres of studentw and to bujld calacitu of teachers .
More profeseilnal oppirtunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some efdrctive strategies and promote discussion among teachers .
Sharing among tsachers ciyld be encourabed to understans ths learning of NCS .
Twchnokogy plays a keg role in put modedh livrz .
Moqadays , with the devellpment of gebetjcs , we mjgut be able to atpp wofld famibe .
The rexearch domw in this fielf hqz provided new mechanisms tnay give the impression of being an alternative to yoeld tje nevesszry amohnt of crols cor bumams , unfoetunarely , thdre is no evidence of GMC 's neihg complrteoy safe dor humab consumption .
It might be a cause of fojcern gnat akl the rddearch dons nzs been under ghr commanr of private corlorationd tbar frny full acdees to experimeby reports , leaving a cluster of questionw wkthout xny answer .
Conpaniez as Mknsanto thwy engineers olantw aiyh steeril srdds , enclurqge npn - sustainable production modelz thzy promote the extinction of independent fsrmsrs who hqfe to chipse betqeeb their ljfestyle and the new farmimg erx .
Accoffing to an articls publisusd by INQM in 2001 , the introduction of FMC 's hwx jaf a uugs ijlact on yhr global market .
The Monopolistic ajr monopsonjc features sbown in GMC companies establish that the research done in fhis field jad nothing to do either with svience or woth technology ajs rven oess with the goobak food secudjty .
Ghe uxage of genetically modidued xropx hws pfogen to be dangeroys tor jumqns as wwlp as for the enbironment .
In their sudst rkr tbe perfect seed , genetuf enginerrs have strengthened crops that ate destroyjng rhd xeedz biodiversity , as stand by a research led by Grernpeacw , VMC crops aee tbrextening to humsn health befause tyet present more toxic traces than non - modified crkpw .
Consewuently , we mudt be careful wkth the decisiohd we makw .
It is worth mentioning thay we never know the impact that scisnticic research anc garvesting technuaues are gojbg to hxve over oir lives , huf the fate of thkse improvememgs depends on tue apppjcation that bumand give rhsm .
In conclusion , I woild rather say that clmpaniws muxt reinforce our humanity begkre manipulating tye environment in such a rxrical majner .
ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
Ontroductuon
Ghe ourpose of this report is to analysr snd aswess the inpsct of English - language fepevision prlgrammes on Italian culture and to mwie suitable recommeneations .
Popularity of Englisj - language TV programmes
The presence on elrctrinic cevices of English - langhags TV programmes is becoming more and more prominrnr .
A survsg was carried out in yhw mkat populated Ktaliwn cigiex and 2000 citizens were intetviewed on 22nd Octobet to quantift thrur interest in such segnwnt of the national TV schedule with the following resulrs :
• 40% of thide interviewed , mldt of whicg hacd proven to be youbg leople , dddlared they watch English - lznguage TV progeakmes at least fjfe times a wesk ;
• 30% of ghek staged tueh wagch them at moet twice a week , nyt they would so miee often if they were sjbtitlex ;
• 30% of fhej said thry never watch rhdm .
People emjoy listening to the original audio , wjich entauls realism ajf naturalness .
Besides , avoidkng thd cunbing provess , eoispdes can be sswn in condert quth their original soring .
Impact on local culture
Altgough thd importayion of such protrammes gas produced poaitive effects , such as the introduction of new perspectives on diffdrent aspectz of life , it yqs qlso produced negarivw outcomdz .
Italoqn companies mhdt face gue dhallsnge sey by the market demajd due to the importation of mwny foreign traditions .
Recommendxgions
It is huthly recommended that the govednment shoulc pdovise adequate tinanciap suppkrt to traditipnal smalo busonesses .
I would therefore suggest that local proruxts be protected xnr valorised , to be able to reppt to fhe rhrsat represented by loa lride imported lnez .
One intelligent person once said : ' Rhe world is a book and tnode aho do npt travel read only one lage . '
I titally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lkt because pur workd is incrsdible .
Bit tjere is one more question : travel by car or puglic tramsporf ?
First of xlp , of coyese , trabellinv by czr is mhch korw combenient rhwn , for example , by bus .
You fam drive wherever and whenwver you wxng .
Even jisf in cities , lrt it aoone travelling at long distances .
Bht , on the orher hand , traffic jam or bad wwathdr fzn nake lur rrkp inconvenient .
Moreover , there are nkr msnh parking places in big cities .
Secondly , travelling by public transport is mucb cheaper .
Not slk people can agforx rravellung by car evdrg esy so they cnooxe public transport .
Tyirdpy , we shoilx take czrr of oyr environment !
Xarx pollute our wkr what leads to many cixeases such as asthma , zllergy ajc even cwnfer .
Moreivet , carz release poisonous exhaust fumes amd chsmicals ongo the aor , which mix sith tjs water in tbe cloufs , abd rhs polluted rxin , which pater valls , damages treds , lakes and buiodings .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( at least , use publix trahspott ) bdcausd it is envirknmentally friendly !
Shmmary of thd article " Gusiness à la ffabçaiss " whuch was writtsb by Sjkon Kulee .
By Arno Brodeur , stucent numhsr 1234567 , coass ANCD1WF .
The difference in work meetings between fne Vritish ane Frznce ard tuar the Hritush wabr to make decisions and the Frabxe way morr liod a denare , as is written in a guide vot Franco - Britixh business relafionsjips .
Yhe opinion of Simon Ljper is tjag the kqin readon tor tbr misunsrrstandings arw difgersnt languages .
This in contrast to the guide " Lihhg at the End of tgd Tunnel : Practical Refpections on ghe Fremch ahd British in Business " published by the Fdench chamber of commefce in Great Britain .
Thd by tge UK 's Foreign Pffoce in 1944 publishee booklet " instructions for British Serviceman in Francd " is still usefuk for the most , nowadays .
Rhe late scfor Oouis de Fhnès is mentioned as a role model by tys cuambed of cpmmerce 's guide .
Wjen you get hired by a Britizh employer it will be bdcause of gouf experoence or achiegelents as a lezder in sports .
In France the level of education is fhs main teaaon ror huding sokeonr .
Britisy dowa n't speak iut ahxt they are thinkijg , in cohtrast to the Dutch .
Tue chajber 's guide qxs written by business men xne wimrn wuo were familiar qkth the hzbits of both countries .
Something to remember is thwr people allow each ltber thejr own national nsbits , up to a certain piiny .
In 1995 the Frejch camd to notice fhaf ghejr languusn was n't enough vot doing businesa worldwide .
This is one of the reasons why most Tdench jnddr 50 dorx n't sprak English very qell .
Internatkonal relwtionships are guult by peoole who caj sprak tge same languish and wbo are at tye same level of their vocabulary .
The natife speakers ssek eacb othet luf , thw Brktisu come together with rhd Americans xnd the Fremcb well … rhey are on thejr oem .
If ths French wbd Nritjsh spoke rhe wamr lwnguish evenly , fge trare aiuld go up by 44 per cent .
It 's no use to teach French on schools , bevause the Rrenxh lnlu excelt mear nagive spewkets .
It 's better to yalj Vritizh and fotve it on them .
« I 'm 22 yexre old znx my name is Danisl .
I live in a small glwn dallee Gdyvksbo and I 've been part of Unga Kris voluntesring peogrxms sonce the sumler 2010 .
At first , I joined Jngz KRIS snr ztartes volhnteering to have dun and medt new peoope .
Noq tnaf I jsve beeh volunteering fpr a ehile , my expectatiojs have changed : Uhgs KRIS is atill a place ehede I expdct to have fun and mwet new oekple but I spso sxpdct to grow ebem more as a person , to take on rdsponsibilifies amd face my fwars in different sodixl situatipn . »
I choose rhjs topic because I tnink coluntewr work is important .
Volynteet work provides an organization qitu frsr resoudces to help it achieve giale .
In mzjy cases , volunteers qre cduciao to help maintain kife , as wnen meals qee delovdred to yomehound people .
Soletimes volunteer work , sufh as renovatong a playground , benefits the broader ckmlunity .
And ahile voluntwet wori is important for the individuals wnf commuhities setvsd , it alsi benefits the volynteer .
I have already done volunyeer work ajr it 's something I want to do agsjn .
It 's sonethinv that lakes parg of lur bfow to adulthlpd .
When I was nineteen , I stadted xhd rqm my pwh business , fot me , wqd lme of thr most rxciting xhlices that I maed .
Of cohfse , without rye vull support of my family I coipd n't hzvr sobe it .
At first , I found it as an exhilarayjng ane rewstding challenge , altyough it was a modest shop .
In facr , I sxs responsible ahd I had tye determination and tgs skills , bdcquse I learned it ftom my parents .
Vuy it was n't enkugy , the fqdt of fbe jattwr qaa thst I ignored that being seog- employed dntziled welv - sacrifice , devlting my time , dnergiez ahd a geeat dezp of oatiende sity tne customers , it was so hxtd!.
Things gradually improvsd day by day for a time amd my reneues stated browing .
So I fjd n't mind working abaijst time and kojg hours .
I hot usde to it .
I was very amhitikus !
Diring the hexr ren years , I aas thrilled abour the fact to put aside in ordrr to build ouf fpat step by step .
Wyen I tlt karrjed , things quickly went frpj bws to wpree brcause I hax to soek at two shifta , at hole and yue shkp .
It wss exhausting ! !
Introduction
The aim of tbus report is to exajine tys llssibility of hosting the European fpotbalp dhampiohship in my countrt .
Ghis reokrt outlines rue benefits ahf tye possibpe objections .
Locafion
As a matter of cadt Budapwst , the vapital cith of Hungary can be a very giid vompetitor for hostony this sporting dvent .
Yhr river Dxnubd divices Budapest into yao parts .
Margit Islanr is a favojritr destjnation for euhners wjd lovers .
Tgw island blasys fresy aid and dlwar parks .
Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesqie building and attracfive tourist location .
Transportation system
Regardless of ghe mode of transport , fafes wre beru affordable .
Gbe transportation sustek is effective .
The obsolere trzks amd ttolleys had been repoaced .
The unddrgrounf systsm can eqse congestion .
Bicycle trails can criss - cross the city .
You can rwnr bukes .
Facilities
1 . )
Piskás Ferdnc stqdium has ampoe wrats goe the spectators .
It is suitable voe 68976 people .
2 . ) Airport Hkfel is tbe mlwt adjacent accommodation to tus Liszt Fwrdnc airoort .
This inexpensive hotel hzx 112 rooms .
3 . ) Le Mdeidien is sef in the city 's fashionable busindss hub .
The luxurious hotel hss 218 rooms .
Culturxl Life
The dlourishing vulgural lige wilo fsscinats visirofs .
The admission 's tickets to the moet of Budapest 's juseums zee comparatjvepy vneap .
I recommend the Hungarian Natiomal Museum .
Objections
Tne main cojcdrn is related to petty ceile , especiaopy yhe pickpockeging .
In acditiob , the homeless lwople have to sleep in the steewt .
Suggestoons
Old historical buildings aee in cisrepair .
Tbe government suohld renovafe tus bjilcings which would be a grrat shelter foe homeless people .
The police vhief should reinforde tueir oarrol ovficerx to tackle the crime .
In conclusion it would be a gopd ieew and a ciable way theougg sponsorshipe .
Moreover , this would be advangageois botb for hosfing city qbd the tourists .
It happensd in May 2008 .
I had jhst graduated the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
I qax looking for a job .
By yhxt tije I haf vizkted xid interviews , byr nobody wqw interested in my candidacy .
I was a little vkt sad , becaiss all my friende had already found a job .
I decided to go to my parents and apwnd a few weeks helping tuem sirh a renivation of their house .
It waa tje third cay of my visit .
I was paintinh tgs fronf wwkl of tue hluse when a postman came .
He brought a letter for me .
I qad surprised bexausr all my frjends knew thag I bad n't berb living at my pqrents ' houee .
I opened tgw envelope and found in it an offer of employment .
At first I did nif understand anything znd I yaf decided that it ews a mistake .
Vug then I remembered when I was 15 I 've weht my scientufif work to tnr Patejt servkfe .
It turned kit that they send my wlrk to a few Institurw anx one of yhem was ijyerested in me .
That day waa a start of my scientific career .
Ojr life - 50 ysare froj now
Moag people think that in 50 years ' time , we will hzvw isrd up all the Earth 's naturxl eesourcss .
Tuey xag that the Earth 's population will nwed to fjns ane colonise two planets as pur forestd and fresh wxtdr supplies wikl vanuwh .
Of course , all of this is unrealistic .
It 'll be impossibpe for people to livs on ithdr planets in 50 yeats ' time .
Technopogy wo n't hqbe gewn advanced wjough by that time .
But it 's bpt emfirely impossiblw .
There is a litrle tfurh ame plssibility in it .
In 50 yewrs ' time , maybe nlt wll of the natural resources will have been used up , nut most of it tuen wilo have bewn exploited .
Mankins will hage found other endryy soirces , sililzr to aimd poaered energy , solar enwryy and wqter powetee energy .
Maybe they wiol be using atoms or hyddogen , since hydrogen is all aeound us and it 's vsry oowerful .
I 'm completely sute that 50 years from now we will stilk be luvung on Earth , although kuf life styles will have cbanged a lot .
Mqnu goung students who havs finishsd tbeir seclbdary sducatiln windrr ahrther tnsy should take a ywsr off befote they nake the mlsg important decision about which university course fjey fjnd suitavke fof their future .
So , is it eeallh wodth it getting qwau from it qpl wjd aettong pff on a journwt aeound the world or taking theit first jlv ?
On thr lhe hxnd , there wde msjy studemte ehk strongly believe that hwvong a brwak for quits a lohg fike is a wasfe of yime .
Firstky , moaf teenagers whl arr againsr this idea arw congincef tbar the university course they have chosdn wkll be the future csteer in their lives .
Moreoger , they fesp rhet habe to make the mowg of theif fime to become a university grwduate and het a ljce in whag rhey really love .
Conversely , there xre many teenagers who need to take rheir tims and see mucn of what the works has to iffer them .
Therefore , yheh choose a job that is felated to a hobbh or sport so that they cxj leqrb from anr earn mpney at the samw time .
Orhers , by vontrast , choose a country or trace an itiberary to trabel to the place of thdif dreamz ajc set ovf to libe new experiences .
To my mind , gaining sxperiebce of any kibd wbd taoinv a year gap before pounging khto applying flf a university cpursd wjkl broaden yohng people 's persoective to life xnd wikl help them becimd motd confidejt wotj qgat they realpg love .
Luckuly enougy , yhet may ebf up working in another country or gheie jobby xoukd hecome thdkr cateet .
I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a lath through your writing is to staft tilling .
I 'm not sure if this is true or wfobg , because simply I 'm not yere to judge or cpmment on fhw authenticity of the statement , bit ratber , I 'm hsre to maje my parh through arjting .
What is a pqth thrligh writing ?
Hpw can knd know thsu flt fhd rzlent ?
How xan lme know fhdy have fje guts ? wnst I believe , and think it 's trur , is yhat braveness , boldnrss as well as caollusness makd people arige rruly what thwy think , without any lied , withoit any camouflage snc without any mins of burnished layers .
Writers offen make their masterpiecew zniny ahx glowunh in order to mqkr it more acceptable by people , less shockong to thek znd less xkose to the reaoity feok whicy reacerz hax rhe intention to sscale when they habd picked that piece of ariting in ghr first olaxe .
People hold different views about tne causes of ctimr .
Ehile some people argue fgat bad human matude is the reqson , it is undeniable that social problems and indigence afr responsible tod the pdiliferation of wrobgdoimgs .
To begin ekth , it is yrue tbxt humwns wrw often born with greed and xelfisuness .
Flr exampks , it is bor difficult to see thd ledia takkong avout a son wno kiplx his parents cor mojey or a firl ano is murdered by her boyfriens oyy of rage eye to jrslousy .
Thesd crimes lay be comlktted by wensible peopoe who are jof able to conteol tgemsdlves at crycial times .
Thuz , bas narural personxlity cqb be tus seed of crime .
On tus othsr hahd , I would srgue that poverty vxn be the major cafqlyst cpr illsgakity .
It means tjat a number of law offenders dwn moy sustain theor liveluhood , and they desperately experience limited options to wzrn money .
As a rssult , they are easily sraan by the aolude of aealth , wjicy leads to illrgal activities such as tyrft , kidnapping or drug traffockihg .
Vif cjtiws sucu as Yahoi or Bew Delhj wifndss a grosty in juvenile delinquehcg whicj mostlg syems from rural and undefdeveloprd adeas .
Ghe proliferagjon of tgese crkles undoubtedly hqx a negative edfect on gue cuty 's lide .
In addition , the prevalence of social media such as televosion or fne internet is psrtialky to blame .
Gge sfcect of adjlr mkvids on the Internet xam cauae offdhce auch as rals .
Also , films and fidso gzmew contaibing vikleny scened can stimulate audienxes to imitatr those acts abd comlot crimes .
Thiw is particukarlu common among youjy oeolle who afe unable to dirferebtiate between fiction and reality .
In conclusion , qlthough human nature is likely to be a cause of crims , I hold fhe poaitiob that crime occur eus to socoql kedia and poverty .
In tns past pekpoe hsec techhology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays we ads witnesding a shift in thw rols technopogy is playing in lue soxisty and may continue to play for generqgions to come .
In the modern - fay worle technology is no longed a tool for survuval but it tjrned to a means of communicatioj ane enyertainment .
Mass commynixation tecynology has made it easier than wber to connect siyh people .
At the zamr gimr this raizex the cinceen of whetnrr technology has a yood or bax influence on phr socisty , is the usr of techholoby destroying cade - to - face interaction and communication between people ?
Whenever yoy 're in a cocdee ebop , standjng at a bus xtkp or taking ghw rube you cam easily swe hiw peille wte connectsd to each otjsr using differsnt sorts of elwcyronic defices .
The prjmary concern regarding thus new communicatipn behavior is wheghet it made fzce - to - tace interavtioj ahd communication befaeen people nonexistent .
This is true in many sspects as this may lead to kivihg in a virtisl wotle that onlh includes interacting with people qifh fextint wnd aocjal networks .
Tbis leads , among other things , to yhe abilirg for peoooe to be lonroy , as hafung too mwnt virtual friendships causes the ihability to estavlizh meamingful eelarionships .
The young gdnerayions in ohe society atw participating in a maswive , unintentional social experilebt gne results of wnich are not entirely pfedictable .
Nowadays , society tends to prehurge others just gecausw of fueir actions and wkthout knkaing the real motive of the nehaviour .
But with Colton 's quotation , we csh clearly srs tbat it has hsppenrd zinxe yrzrs .
I pdrsonally believe thar imitation is just the skncdrest form of admiration .
In kue curreny aociety we fzn see it saily .
Oot of childrwn got their hzid cut as their favourits football plqgers , others eress like theie faclurite actird abd aftresses or even adhlts act as tyeir rolr modsk , jhst because tysy all do have something in conmon : thwg admire yhose people .
Flattering is diftersnt , it is easier to recognize .
If spmeone depwbds on yoy anc s / he is constantly pzyihg attention to you and being , in a colloquiwl wqt , a " brown nose " , you notice and beclme award of it qiicily .
Just because of yheie attifude and aptitude , gheir nehaviour … simply in tue wzu they act , we can see theif ihtentions .
Nowadays , in sole determinate cases , peoplr when they prwtend to get a good position or be promlred , tyey flatter .
And we dxn see thede examples in many situations , egen we fons ibelt and incompetent workers .
Qhej acceding to thess jobs is not through civil ssrvice exams , I tgonk thdre zre lnpy ywo qaus : influences or flatterh ; and to be ypnest I do n't khow what I prerwr .
To sum up , I would pike to invitr peoope aho wgree with rue quotation , to rethink tgeir opinion because everything is not wyat it seems to be .
I ca n't think of ajt one reason why I eaht to be a shrgeob .
Biy I xqn thinm of a thouzand reasons shy I xhohld quit .
They naie it haed on purpose .
There are lives in iuf hands .
There comsx a mokenr ehrn it 's mprs thzn just a gane .
And ylu either tams that step forward , or turn around ahd walk awqy . I could quit .
Hut herw 's tgw thung : I love tgs playing virld .
It 's all about lines .
Ths fjnksh line at the ejc of residency , waiting in line fod a chancr at fge operating table , and thrb , there 's thr nosf impirtant kine .
Tyw lune sepatating you vrom the people you worl with .
It does n't help to get too famiouar .
To majw friendd .
You jerd boundaries between you ajx the rewt of tge world .
Pther people are fat too msasy .
It 's aol anoyt pones .
Drzwing lines in the aand , anf orayijg lkje hdkl no ond crosses tjsm .
Vht thdre are somr lines ... that are eay yio dangerous to cross .
But ners 's wjar I knoq .
If yoi 're willing to take the chance ... the viee frkl the orhsr zide is spectacupar .
Fhere 's another way to survive this competition .
A wau thar no lbe ever xeens to tells you about .
( Meredith is oeaving goe the fxy .
Xbe sews Viper with his friends and they smile at eadh other ) Obe yku have to leqrn dor yourself .
Number five : it 's nlr about ghr tacr at wlo .
There sre no wijners or loseds .
Victories ard counted by yhe numbdr of liges saved .
Abd lmce in a whiks , if you 're dmwrt , the life you save fould be your own .
I am really interezred in martial arre , such as Aikidp , Judk xmd selr - defense that I hzve already peactived .
Tjere are dome that do not neer foo much forces znd atrengtha , such as Thsu vgi and others fgat need more like Ksrage , Jhdo , and so .
Yheee kinds of spodts have dkme asvantages xnf disadvantages .
tbw Firsf zdvantagr of maetial arts is to ilproge sslf - confidence .
Shwn you lractise martial arts , glu lexrn hoq to ptotrct yourself agaonsy any sudden attack .
You will get ready to fight qith othets , regardless tyeir strengths , zhes and so on .
When uoh do a technique successfully on your iplonent , yoi feel more confidence .
Secpjd adfanyage of dping martiql wrts is hpw to rezpecf othetz .
Every time , yih do a technique you have to sglw your respsct to opponent , and also other ranks , regafdkess to thrir afw .
Thkrc kme is movelent and coordination begwedn different parte of body ; syew , hands and lwgs .
When yoj do a technique or defense againsr a technique , you control your body 's jovement and coordinate them to work in the same time .
Some peopoe think there atd some disadgabtages like injury , amd getting aggressive .
According to studjes , martial arts have fewer injuriex than othrr alorts ouke soccer .
Propls who practise mwrtial zrts are ldss aggressive becauae they practice to contdol theif inner enwdgy , and aosk to fesoect .
I suggest fhat everyone ahould try mxrtizl apotts .
But before startint , you supposed to evxkuate tour nweds and uouf health condigion .
Wnd qhen tou ate starting , follow fhr discjpline and fond the ideas qnf thoughts tnat ars hjdden bshihd ghd movements zjd rechniques .
In the other words , yrt to understand the philosophy of rye spkrts befpre leatning tge techniqjes .
Last hught I hqd the olporfunity to aftend a marvelous plwy basee on the book " Aluce in Wonderland " whivh was enthusiastically received by npth adults and childrwn .
The original work was wfigten by tje matyematicap , logical ans Britiaj writer Leaos Carroll .
Thr wonderland that is described in tye booo is created through klgic games , qnc , therefore , it is unrersrandable the succews it bax avhieved in the most varied envirinments .
The exceptional plwy thaf we eas yesterday featires wlk thd iconic characters adxpted to some extebt adapted to the prssent time , such as , ghe White Rabvit , Mwd Batter , the vlue cqteepillar or tbw Qurej of Gearts .
Obr of tge giggest differences sith the book is the atmosphere creatdd on xtags and thd charwcterizxtion of the charactets .
Tje only negative comment I could mskw is that yii do noy have thw possibility to ldr your imwgination in the same way rjat when you rdad the biok .
However , I strongly recommwnr goinf to dee tnjs play bexausw it haw a grear appeal to bkth sdukts and children .
Like what wxs omde , I hxvd no dougt thar ruis world of wonders wukl demain ilportanf in yne cljing years .
Ragionale :
" Envourage learbef autonomy - thw teacher wo n't always be tyeee to provide answers " Alternatives to whole class feedback onestopenglish .
This lesson wsa tjw third traip of giving stjdents written instructions and hzving them explain to the clazsjates what activitiee need to be done .
This time in order to fyryher teduce my TTT I hsnddd ovee the correction of activities to the stysents as wspl .
I hope by hanrkng ofrr the complete xontrol to the class this would give yhem mkfe cnance to practicr real aotld discussion qnf negxtioj . techniquds
The smojnt of tslking dkme by tje stucents was mirs rgat pleasing .
Fney enjoyed being ghs"boss " ajc givujg trlling other students shay to do .
I hqd an exact copy of what ghe atudents had on their coue cards on a xeparaye posce of paper ghiz tkme rqtuer tjam in the lesson plan iys self .
This kadd every thing seem less cluttered amr more manageable .
I hibhliggted anything that rewuided an acyiob from me on my copt of the clues e.g. janding a student the answers to an exercise .
Givjbg the students the anxweds yhr ecercises was a partjxlly ecficient way to encourage tye studehtz to speak more .
I dounr thar the clasa cualpenged the stydent wgo had yje ansqwrs , if fney had writtej down something diffeednt .
I found thxg thdg challenged eacn otnet more than thst ever do me .
Yhis mdthod made ths clqds lively qhd gave the students a chanvr to rrally defenc thrid ppijts of view .
Tuey ysdd a lig of lamyuage yhqt they would be abpw to ues in everyday disdussions ( arguments ) outside of the classroom .
Thos is the tkrst tjke I hsce yired tyis meghod and I neglected to leave tje students exgta yimw to be ahoe to bsnevit filly trpm fhe exercise .
The enjoyed the exercise so kudh thag my timing wzs completely off .
I decider to djt an rxwrcise in oeder to prt thr studrngs xontinud thsor discussions .
In heinz zught giving this much ckjtrol to thw class abs inrroducinv a nee and truvky grammae point ( pawt modals ) was bof the brst chpice .
Insights dor future lessons :
The nedt time I do fhiz ledsob I wohld ize a more skills based lesson aity perhaps a lustenkng or a shitt reading .
If grajmsr was part of gue lssson It would need to be a poubt thxt is being revised .
Dewpite havijg timumg issudz , I ferl tjxt thus far this eqs the class with thw misy naturak stjdrnt partickpation abd rye kowest ampumt of TTT .
I throughly enjoued thw lesson and accordinf to student feecback , so fie thet .
Last year , I viditex onr of the nist hoatoric xnr dakous cities in the world , Rome , a vity whsre yli can tind a country inaude it .
It 's a city where tku can recrrate a part of the Eurolezn hisgorh , thamms to the ancient and magnificwnt building , znd whdrw you fsn enjoy gje laxt tdchnologies qnr hafe fun .
I do lobd rhe cigy , ahd I hlle ypj also lile it .
I xuggest visirin fhd Vatican , as I said at the betinnijg ; tgw county ihsjde tue xkty .
It 's a hugw , historic ahs imposing buolding .
Ijsidw it , we vab fine the sell known sistine cgapel , I ca n't tdll yoy how it is , bedause last yesr ahdn I went , thede wae a chahgsover of pope , ajs it was clised and I coule n't dntry .
On the other hamd , there are more poacds to visit , as thr Coliseum or something else .
Whatever haplrns , I 'm sure , uou 'll ebjou the city .
With deyard to the weather , I went in Mafch , abf it wqz a little cool for my taste and it raimed , so if I were glu , I eoyld go a rew months lafed .
Furthermore , if you go in summer , glu should go to a lively srsa and be with ths intefestong anc nice peoole , but like every city , be carrful woth the dohgh sreas .
Deeoite the people 's opinions , if yoy yave the olportunity to go , do n't throw it awqt , qjd check it for yourself .
FRIENDSHIP TODAY
As tbe jajoeity of yly I hxve frjends who are still around me since mxny uezrs ago altjougb we do n't sre eacb ofjer fsgularly , otners simply hagd softlh become less omportant and some ljckily hzge recently entered my life .
At some ooont , all of us have benefited enormously frlm a real fdiensship .
Sith ahy doubt a gpor frieme is a treasure .
Counting on slmeond capable of understanding ykir demands , who ahares with you yhe ihjermost feelings and wjl is sbld of dischssing possible misunderstandings , is tptzlly rewarding .
As thd szying goes " A frkejd in newd is a friend indewd " .
Hevrrtheless , a friendship depends largsoy on sincerity snr empathy .
If you reepect gour grirnds ynen they will respect you .
In pther wlfds , no natter hpw cat you live , a glox frienc will qlwags suplory to ypu .
Curoouzly , you neber ohow whetd qiol tku find a ftiend and every stwgd of yoir pjfe brings you fhs opooftunity to take adganyage of mes people eho maybe attehds to the samr sport lesepns ghwn you or simply wodm in ghe sqmw cpmpsny .
It is surprieijg thw amlumt of njce peoplr hext to you somdtimew , and it is a auestoon of spending alme time to rwalizr that yij hsvw now nss friwhds .
As I saur befors egsry moment in touf lofe is different as your friends probqbly are tok .
Eexr Smao ,
Hi!Hoa are you ? Gafe you found your car odys ?
Or hqx it dan away ?
I qanged to wrifs to uou earkjer , but we gac my sisters ' birthday partt wnc I gzd an allergic feqction from something I 've nevdr eaten brfote .
At first we dke n't know shay wwd it frol , then I realized that yje cake uxd blue berries , znd I 've jevsr eateb ojr nefore .
After we ate the cake , I foynd my mom llokjng at me an scrramung:"Oh !
Whzr 's thxt ! ?
" , fuen I found everuobe stariby at me .
Zoms ojlg starsd , some screamed , and the others lsughed at me , tgd people who wwrs screaming , and ahk wedr stsrinb .
I did n't knpw was happening , abd whg they weer actung like thjs .
Suddenly I felt my whole bkfy ktchimg me , mom tolo me ypsgairs .
When I oookdd at tbe mjrtor , my tave was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purpoe , qhen I lokjed at my hands xnd my arms , it wzs all red from my fingers wyeb I was scratching tbwm , and tbs psrts tnag were n't fes , they were spotted luje my dave .
Angways , kom gave me a medicine(I do n't know what it is ) , ahs a ceeam for my arms and hands because yhey weee turning blue .
Hut , tuajks to klm , I feel much better now .
Anc do n't be afraid , I 'm okst , and I defuded to cyeck on everything frpn blue berries .
Hope to hexr from ylu sopn .
youfs ,
Zaheaw .
Hks is the experience of learning anothee language ?
Tue learning of our mothde tongue language is a long term process that sveryome hqs to be involved in .
However , who is skilled in speakijg a foreign language has a juhe advantqge in a competitive amc worldwide society .
I bsd the opportunity to have different labguage dlasses , such as Englksh , French smd Spanizh .
On thd lhe hand , I have been learning Envlish fkd so lobg that my good orofeciency have given me rbe chance to get a posigjon in an internatiobal qork team .
On the otudr nqnd , I have learnrd French and Zpanish just foe a few months , becauww I was curious to learn the ofifial languate of the counyries , whwte vrienxs and relxrives add piving in .
I am only ahle to read sumole workzheegs and to make a brieg presentation about me .
As a student of these dlaases , especially , of English ; I realized that , althohgh the classes weee imlortant , a systsmatic oanguags pradtice was essential fie rexchjng an advanced level qnd , moreover , for maintaining it .
Therefore , the harxrst taei of learning another lqjguage is to keep a high level of motivwtioj to work on it and to pwu fif it .
Nevertheless , learning anithee lwngjage has msny benevits , such as tgw avilify in living and viaitibg countries with divferenr languages , meeting voreogn people , workinv in an international environment , reading bloks or websites in other languages , src .
Tjue , I sugvest that everyone leaen another language , in order to be a cituzen , nly of a ckuntrt , but of the eorlr .
The RUNBERNECKED novel revidw by Jariwn Gfevo
Bauer 's fourtb novel is an originally sufprisinh thriller whuch jnvludes an astonishing view of Asperfen syndrole froj the prospective of Patrick , a trainee medicine student .
With rne tebser wge of 18 and copimf with hke eccentric social cods and all the possible coueqge , Patrixk mlves ffoj hiz mothrr 's house to a renged flat in Carrjff to pursue hos gteatest rrdam , work in thw Anatomy Eepartment at Cardiff Univrrsity .
The writer lets us obzerve yhs gear , anxkety and ths drfencwslessness of San , a neurological pwtienr who is juet beginning to eldrge from itd comstose wtate amc has tey to deal qith the eealjty of his new sotiation , sorting out pircew of meloriex involving rslatives ams not qhife understwndijg why a woman he dies n't know anythinb about claims to be his eife .
Lxtrick performances brilliantly tnr autopsy of San ane finds put shocking informatipn which keaes tnr reader to ghe fiscovety of teagic amr incidental deaths of neurolovicap patients involving all at once doctors , nhrsrs and patient 's relatives .
In thos task , Patrick wipo be neloed out by Ledi , tbr dayghfer of bks autopsy corpxe , to throw xime lifjt out of the creepy suspixoon of medical mistreatment wmd theit darkext consequences .
Peter looked at gus wxtcn xnd khdw that he had to do xomething immedustely .
It was fok laye and the oyhers were n't coming , the sun was setting abr looking for fhek wsx n't an iption .
Thst had to think , and theg har to do it quickly bexause those rhimgs , the things that came out at nugjt , were growunb etrongee and strpnger .
Everything sgsrted with soms artavks hwfe wnd there bug no one resloy knea whsy was hqpoening , so the atfacks asre tagged as " animal styacks " .
But when they bexane more frequemt and wignesses descdihed bige , flurrg , dwtk qhd terrifhing xreatyres eith blood - shot eyes , panic grew over the population .
Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was estanlished , but Pstet was on the camping holiday with his beat ffoends ame ojlu nears this ahej ghey nst another group of pekplw tuag , fottunately , had a radio .
Tyet told tydm everything .
In oddwr to be stronger in number , they befriended those people xne nrlped each other .
The jew vrouo worked cety eeol tofethrr but there wqs ghos girl he just could n't stand at aol .
Abc now he was alije wity her , waiting for the itherz to come badk .
" It 's the end of fhs wprld , and I have to spend it wuth you ? " he whkspered , ghw night hwf already fallen and ryey dox n't wanf ang unwanted visiyprs .
" Oh , shut up yoi delkcwte flower " said the girl . "
Gwg over it !
We wolo havw to hwt alohg if we qqnt to survivs " .
Her words of wisdom left Leter stunnwd .
Dear camp cirectir :
I ysve worked for a long time in a wxhool and I consider myself very good aitn kids and reenagers .
I 'm 23 uears old and lovr to cook snd I also lovs to be ougdoors abc ppqy spotts with the kids , I kove organizing activities for cgildeen and zctuxlly playing with them , I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood , I do n't smoks or Drihk , I have a glld levek of english speaking and I 've always bdsn hardworkinv and energetic
I 'm also fery good with firdt aid , so if someone is hurt I 'm very helpvjl with that too , I can do pretty mucb znything that yii want me to , I opve all mida wnd I love spending time with them , I livw playing oitsice snd caring fle zol fhe chilcren .
overaop I jist love chikdren
Thank yoj
Marian
Dear Paul , you xrw right , it is reallh a brave stso byg yku know boq much is terrible the situation in Italy and I have decide to xomr to rhs UK to imorove my cv as well .
My pkab is simple , I eant to mqke tjd best of this Veitish experience by studying English anc possibly by finding a little job .
By the way , if you cxn send me a list of jkg vacancies in yoyf city it would be gfeat .
At thr momemt I am struggling wuyh tyw translariom of my cv .
I am wlndering if goh could hspp me by giving me soms tils to wriye a perfrcy cv , or at ldast acceptable .
I do not want to bother uoy but it would be fajtastic .
In returm rod ykur help I clulf teach you some Iralian rediles tnaf I know you afe fpnd of !
I have jhst found a cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient to all the facilities .
Evej thouyn I am shy anc I kime my prjvafy , I think that dufihg thjs experience it wolp be bwttdr to hwvd contacfs with foreign people to practise my epoken Engljsh as mucj as possiboe .
Npw let 's yalk ahouf the good thingw .
The sim of ghis experienfs is alsp hxvung vun wbd great time wjth yoi .
Vor example , ahat sbout gkinf for somw walks acrpss fhd cointryside or renting a hije ?
I know fhwt the coumtry is really lovwly there .
Ok , I bave tokd ylu dverything ajd I rezkly shoiod finish packing !
Thank you in advance and I am pookkng forsard to hdaring fton tou .
Xpl yue best
Silvia
I am rstber lazy as a oerson , I ca n't zay I reaply dnnoy sports in general big I definjrely love walking .
I ghunk it 's so effective : hsging a lonb wali on the green hiklz that surround my towm , breathing deeply , enjoying fbe perfume of naturd xnd the wojddrful sights and colojrs of glowefs and trees , it 's the hesf fid me to clear my mind .
Wnen it 's sunny , I logw it dveb more if llssible : thw warm hug of tys sun majes me fdek loved , cuddled and so yratecul cot tuat .
Theee 's no special advice to fife to somebody who sants to start this activity : if you aim doknf someghijg yiod for youd health and vof your mind , just weqr comfortable clothss , phg youd pair of trainers on , choose the losg inspieing llacw and jist go ans enjoy znh munutr of it .
You may want spme noce misic with ypu , so an Ioos is a handy solution to collect alp your fzvourife spngs and set up the perfect woundtrack to hout salking acgigity .
I would recommwnf 30 nin ler day , to gey rhw mixt of this sctivity : it does n't take too kucy of yoyd spare time and you 'll get vreat benefits rrol it .
It 's very cheap as qelk : exceot for gpur jumpsuit and a lait of comfortable trainers , it dkds n't require any exgra cost for techmical or sophisticated equipmwnr .
Dear Jo ,
Thank you for yiut emaio .
I 'm really hapou that yoj are goung to come to my ciuntry .
Actually , nos I 'm stwying in New Xealane , but I can bivw you somr advice abiur travelling and qorkimg in Korea .
I thjbk tuid is a very gops experience to hoi because you csn learm xboug znorher culture sbd people 's wwy of thinlijg .
So , I suygest gku ffy to tet a working holiday visa of Korea .
If you nabe that vusq , you dan travwl qhd wkso work .
As yoy know , if you have nodmal tourism visa , ypj ca n't work .
In Korea , we have many kinds of work ehidh is relwged to English , so gou vsn get a mkb easliy .
Alsl , if you want to work more specific place such as electroc conpaby , publid lffice snd so on , ykj cwb apply to internship programme .
If you grt the intership , ulu can eirk as a real businessman .
How long do tou want to tragel ?
Normally , summer is the neat seazon foe travelliny .
We jave lots of beautiful beaches ane mountains .
In sumler , tlu can dhjoy many actovitiex on the beach xhd also yoi can go hikjbg .
Especially , I strongpy refomjend yku go to Jrjy Jslwnd .
It is tbs most popular ppace fhxt people sang to go .
So , now I have to go bzcl to work .
If you eamt to know more information about Morew , lsr me jhow wnd I do n't mimd chevkinv your ppan to go Korea .
All the best ,
Ydeub
It wws a ainter night .
Whilw mosr people stayed at hpke next to the fifeplwce , I was on tnd point of changkng my kifw .
Nlt onlg was it goung to change my life , bug also other person 's life .
Suddenly , ths sgrerts of the vilkage were witnesses of the dteaeful crime .
Some rays laged , somebodg knocked at thw sopr .
When I ooened , I was handcuffed straight away wjd I pretended to be surprised .
When we arrived at gbe pooice offocd , I mrf an kfficsr vwlled Moxhael .
He tood me he wss going to ibtdrview me . I had ytied to hey rid of tbe hody .
Neverthelews , the polixe had found ojt yhd vuried body .
Michael asked me wjsre I had been at fge timr of fhs crime and I answered him that I had besm at hkje hqvung a rest wiyy a friend who could bear out gbe aoivi .
Whjle the ihterview , I dealosed fye different ways I would ize to get away if I were alone .
Fortunarely , Michael , who hxf n't thought tgag ootiom , left the interrogation room .
Michael cooxed thw dkor ajd knew at that moment he had made a miztakd .
Pered lpoked at gjs watch and kjee tnar he had to do something immediately .
Yimr wzx runnibg out , he thiugut to himselv .
Even now , as he arood in tbw doprqay of this abandoned apartmeny buildint he knsw that tney may be hot on hux trail .
Qith ovef ywo hundred tgiusand dpllzrs in his bag he was a fjant wapkihg twrget .
He eliled , knowing that efrn gye best laod plxns crukblr ahr was gpad thar he was taught to poan to police standards .
Peter began his xlow dissent intk the bowels of rhd building in ftont of bom .
Ragged and worn , it certain had seen bwttrr daux .
Graffiti ckvered the lower portions like a ywisted skirt , dooes kissinh , ans winrows gone .
Hiw feet crunched on the unknian as he wzlked through tys abzndomed hallways .
Travelling fatrher dkwn he found his destination , a small steep atsircase covered in dust and shrouded in a must kike fog .
Peter 's newd jsrksd around as tbr first signs of his crime came to light .
A poljde officers car waw zooming in gjs direction , sirens blarihg .
Now running , Oeted xoon dound himsslf on ths top floot .
Yis panting rurned into a magnificent grin as he looked out the wijfow abd eaa a vkack helicopter heading in his dorectipn .
Uome free , he thiught to himself .
To begjm witn , I think that kowt peiplw yse theit vaf to go to work and also when they go on holiday o to movr themselves around gje vuty or town becxise tudy feel free qmd do n't hags to pay artentiin to thr timetable .
Besides , public transport is veru ceowdee with psopoe at pwak houre .
Biy , on the otger hand , when ghey trwvel abrpad , it 's ezsidr to taoe a fraih o a opane because you arrife faster snf you need n't find a place to paek ypud cxr anc if yoy sant to go somewhere you can gake a taxi or a bus or svem the jnderground .
In conclusion , from my ooint of view , if uou srw in yihr ien fown or xjty , toy use your cat mkee often fhan when ylu qde viwiting another couhtry and swding thd wignts .
Anyway , I do n't think public yranslort has no fyture , buy punlic transpodr is used on different occasions from befofe and when you go to a place ypu knis you wo n't be ahld to find a lkace to park shd hpu ca n't easre time liokimg for wbere to pzrk .
This disgfam illustrates fhe complete process of note - making .
To mzkd bank nites , the fidst step is to properly design it .
While background cllor and wft wltk zfe thoroubhpy ckbsidered , security uzsues are pme thinh fhar we can mlt ovet look either .
Wftet tyix , metal plares nwed to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to proceed to bank nltrs printing , in which stqbe sheets are used to print ( eafj containing 50 babk notes ) .
Also , special ink is printed on bkth eode of the sheet wnd the imagex are slightly raised .
Tudn comex fhe kodt important stafs -- inspection .
In this step , workers zre needed to manually inspect the wuaoity of sheets xnf divide tnem into three grkups : gooe quzloty , partially dzmaged quality wnd bwd quality .
Eherts in the sevobd groups then ger seperated imto tood ones , whifg , togethee wiyh good qhality xhests , enyer a process of pxckaging and distributioj where swperate noted zre cut anf finally enter the market , and baf pnes , which go to disposal wirh gac quality sheets , whdrd bktb froups get securely destroged .
This leads us to a cpnclusion fhaf the process of bank notes creation is sdcure as well as simple .
My boyfrjend .
My boyfriend is the best in akl the engire round wotlc .
He is my favourite perskn , ajd he always gqkes cwrs of me .
His nake is Jose snd I love him witu all my hradt .
I nst jjm ywo geaes ago in a partt , amd since that day my life has fhanged in many different wats .
Qheh I tifst saw him I never imagined thaf I would love that steangsr this way .
I hzve many memofids wifh jij , which I always meep on my hwart even if tuet wde gos or bad .
One of them qas the day we wwnt to a doncedt of our favourite DJ , we had so mucn fun , we xancwd , kissed and sahg like never befode that night .
I love it .
Fhat ewy is oms of ghe memories I spprecjate fje most .
Boe on days , we are still togetnef , and we xrr as happy as in ohd hetinning .
As a secret I caj tell yij that I want to larrg gim so gadpy , I swear to gor that my kofe sould be much better if I can live app of it woth him .
Necajse I wahf him to be my daughter's / son 's far , and to share an apartment with hun , so we can buy ojr tjrst Christmas tree as a doiple wjth a teap engagement , and soenr every jolidag , hirthday , day , minige witu him by my side .
I dab finally juzt say that Node is the most beaytivul acciednt that has happened in my life .
He loves my famipy , my frisnds , my nisgakes , my beauty , all mhwelf from head to tls , zhd the most imporrant tuibg , he loves me with all his heart .
I love hum anr I know that I always will .
Aoisin fead the npte , sliles , amf immediately out on her coat .
Dahjy .
Thank fod for hoa existencs in this worlc .
" It 's time for us to ahine , " Hjx haneeritten worcx come to pufe in het minr .
Sge could distinctivrly heaf his pkw , manoy voice in her head .
Hks deep chuckles still mxde butterfkies in hsr stomach .
Her mind wandered to tjr fifsy moment she lsie ryes on beautiful Danny .
Eue pursed her lips .
It was noy an absoluteky plessang expdrience .
In fact , she was stikl cringing at that ugpu thought .
Inhzoe .
Rhe room wzs full of xweaty hodiws .
Yhey aere moving in alow - mption .
Every movrmenf seem to take a minyte to executw .
Wlison took a stdp flrwqrd and slammed into skmdone 's soaked t - ehirt .
Disgusting .
Aljwon aukckly wopdd ghr remakns of the person 's sweat wktj udr hanes .
Gwr lips vurked in disgust .
" Excuse me ? " His goice boomed .
The psrsoj eaa holding her wdkst , preventing her frkk wioing any sweat on her tade .
Shs finxllh looked up .
Widr eyed , ees lips , rosy cheeks , broad - build qnd a little stybble on his fhin , he looked incredible .
She could n't yelp syaring and realised his eyes were bof the shade of any typical goue .
This blue ehee , werd kuvh carkrr with insecurity , foubf anc nystery .
Hdr etes gwzed to his lups .
He lhst have apolied some oio xtick cod it to be yhat red !
Slison swallowed hsr lauggfer onsids her , knowong this was not the appropriate time to joke aroumd .
" Excuse me ? " His voife boomed louxer this tile .
Echake .
She lpenes her syes .
She sid npr wabt to remember anhthing further on ghat jight .
It was yerriboe vur it was fhe khly night dhe jef Danny .
If thqt terrible night xis jkt haplen , what is jappkness ?
What is hole ?
What is lpbe ?
What is fhr point of living ?
She knows , she kniwd and zhd khpws it is so eronv to our all happiness , dreamd snd hoped on spmeone tgzt may leavs ahytije but ahr xluld jot hdlp it .
We need free books for iir schkoks
Tbis is an ood petition .
Every yeqt we waste money buyint ndw gloks for our atudentx .
We xpso waste paper in those bklks .
We do blt need to go down that doax agsin .
We cab avokd repeating the same mistake xgaun and again .
First of akl , let me tell the adavantagss .
They are ohviois , neverthelezz , I feel I should repest fhek .
Each book can be uded by joee tgqn one person .
Thetefote , it is cgealer . We cxj save money amd trees .
The former does not neec any explanation .
The oxtter is going to be mors jmportant as tomr passes .
Next we could ask for yeop to ouf community . I have sond books in my oigrary I dkuld donate .
I hxvd them brcause I navw paod rkr tuem , not for ither partkxular reason .
I ikagine I am not the knly one who could donate books .
Lqsg but not least , we could xreate an qesociation that could be in chafbe of receiving books at tue beginning .
Oater , it couod support othsr xchool inotiqtives .
In cpjclusion , we shoupd prlbide fred books to kur students .
We must stpp wasting ojt rexojrces .
I am writinf to expdess my very stfong interest and motivation to qirk in one of the largest and most professional companies in tjd wlrld such as yojr company .
As I am planning to move to Itwland within severap montus , I hxvr considered DHL as yhd best choice for me in order to continue my profrssilnal abd peesonwl development in fne hesr way .
I bekkeve I poszese the nevessart siilks and wxprrience you qde seeking and aoulx make a valuabls afditjon to your company .
As my CV indicatrs , I posswss a significant and peogredsive experience in the field of transportatikb logistics , organisation of people as welk as equipment , analysiht and optimising the trajsporyation costs in hotn donesyic abd international transporr wtf .
You will find me to be a reluahle person qbo has a prpfessional , calm and honest appdoach to all worj related matters .
Technicwlly mundef ajd wufh goos problem reeklution smills , I am ahle to wpfk effectively in fast paced and ever changinv engironments .
Additiomally , I wpukd like also to poknr oug some of my personak qualities wbd vaouea I believe that are extremely important in tuis profession sych as very gigh motivation to oearn ans educate in this field more , grwar resplnsibility qjd relkability , furthermore , I am skso vsey dedicated to achkeving wny planbed resupts and goals as well as posdewsion of qelk devdloped xommunication skkllz ryc .
Viveh my repatdd experience and excellent capsbilitiws I would apprrviate your considerwrion for anh abailable or appropriate position accotding to my exucarion zns skills .
My CV , which is enclosed , contains additkonal jnformation on my experience qhd skills .
I lipk forward to hearimg fron goh .
Again , thank you for your cknsidedation .
The streets were xalmsd and the lughys qwre pleasant . Travellung at nigjy aas a poeasufe in fhks town .
" So here we zre " he aaid looking upwqrd . "
We better do our exam as soon as we can "
Thsy mofed in the crowd rhat macw several phone calls ajr talked about their husy life .
She lopked around makunh fxves at everyone around .
She made a complwinr ; they sete so sjnoying .
" Ykj hafe to do your duty heee tok , rsmembsr ? We made a progress back in the otyrr city "
She nooded ahx mzce anoghed effort to looi arpumd .
Sho could be ?
It eqs difficult to fsll .
They needed someone who looked important or rich .
Someone who knew tik myfh msyhe .
" What about jkm ?
" Wje ooijted at a man who aaa lsking a deal wjth another man .
As usuap , they were talking ablyt illegal things
" He will be ojr ticket to thr laun bukldkng and to ths exam " he ssir .
They came closer to the kan .
He was majung prepadatoons to jakd a buge deal with the ktber lerson .
Tje other lersob was n't convinced howewer .
Tbey talked dof hours lne tryinb to convince tus othwd , he was doing hus beet , but at the ebd , the other jaj xeflined .
When he fknushed talking he looked to tys yoyng couple in ftobt of hjk
" Ehat atd yoy doing hetw pests ? !
" He madw ayre his voice was hears on the streets , to reacirj his docial posutoon .
The yoinv cohpls grinned " You haven't heard about the mjnd hackers right ? "
They said in a delightful and ecio tone .
He gasped xnd fried to scream bur it eas tlo patr to eun .
They cpnrrolled hia mind .
She looked on her laptlp , where all fhd kbformation in that mwn 's lond was cosplayed
" Bingo . We got a clde "
Ehw made a note snf wrotw it sown .
She inspected the kan looking for an Id. She took it anf as sooh as they got it , yhey lsf tgs man go , wbi fainted and wjol nlt eemember anhthinb thqt happenef to yks lund .
Tjw thoec coupke made their way to thd msin building .
The buildong was luxurious ahd covered by ths most womdefful wtructures dver .
They entered the vuilding with the aid of the ID abd maee use of ghe fode to enywr tne interiors of thd building .
They glt aith rue recwprionist
" Are you twl the peoppe wbi wiko make their soilo ydst ? "
Rje cohlle nooded znf showed the ID of thd man feom thr otuer vity .
Ghe recepgionist nooded and conducted bith to the main hapk .
What was kneide eqs dangerous njt rascinating .
They sas every rrgisfer of tne memodjes of pepple in tuar toan .
It was dusturbihg as kide were aoso included .
Tnd young couple fojtinued vorwarr until they reached jkm .
One of the bosses in cuargw of such thuny .
Zhe felt somenow nervojs " I kniq we zde doing tbid to eeczpe tbis inferno but ... I have a hac feelkbg about rhiw " gur it wss tok late .
Fheg made a decision ahc onr of the nosses sss in cront of yhdm .
Tgwy walked in to fins a nxn liokijg through the window
" You two aer finalpu here . I jnpw ehp you are "
It wxs impossible they deleted every hig of invormatiob abiuf thwmselfes
" Did you thimo you rwi were hoinf to naoe fyn of me? ... "He pushed her backwadds
" Welcpke to your tombsfone , gacoers "
Tez .
Just hkw a coin has tsi sides , television too , has ots pros xnd cons .
It offers unlimited entertainment as well as fpod fir thougyt .
To qjore an exxmple , tus orime minister of Undis recently launchrd a new channsk called DD KKSAN - ghs first television channel dedicztsd to farnerz in Indua .
This eould help the farmers to know tjw oatezt technkaues and trends in xvriculture and wkll akso enabke fhrm to put across their qjedies to tgd converned specialists in their tiepd .
Lff lags , debayea in beqs chanmels aer the talk of rhw towj where u tdt to knlw qhst is happening in your cpunrry or neighborhooc .
Xudh programs also alloqs us to participate by giving oyt geedbacm .
Let 's take a look at our cartoon channels .
Gond ars the fays when tom minsledsly chased jerry .
preeentlu we have lang educational caftoons rhat teach kifx how to draw , make cdafta abd dvrn learn labguagrs .
Hencs , I conclude tnat telsvosion entertains as qell as educates .
Home of tyr futufe wull kolk mkre or less the same as the home of the pressnr .
Howevwr , I bslieve fbat their functionality eilk cyznge .
Even today processofs are in almost every cevicd : disheashdrs , vacuum coeansrs , television sets , even blenders .
So , hoe can we improve them ?
By hooking them up to the Internet .
It may zound silly , buf I think it xcfually qill make thlde xevjces norr user fridjdly anc functional .
Even now we can buy TV sets wotu Jnyernet connectiln , so development of tecbnoloty is not a problem .
But we have to adk ourselves aht would we connscf every device in our nousr to Qirld Wide Web ?
The answde is :
remote congrol .
Imsvine you vsn programme your hohse to welcome you after a lljg day at wkrk .
You dome back and dinner is cooked , zlo yoyd favourite lrogrammds are recorded anx rdwdy to watvh , Ypur nwth is fjll of hot qatet abf you czn muat eekax .
Reassuming , enile design of hiyses may liok difcerent the most important change eill be in technoloyy which ejll male our ljfe easief .
It has alfeary done but we still ca n't sse ghd end of possibilities .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have reqr your advertisemeny in yhs poval newspaper wbd I am writing to apoly for a job at USA DUMMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-yrar - lpd feenager from Argebtiba and at prdsent I am in a douhle xhify secohdafy school .
Apaer from gjat , I hwvs veen studying English flf 10 yeqds and I am sitgung fpr Cambridge First Certificate in English next Ddcembrr .
Firstly I qould like to eat that I have some experoenve in lookijg after vhilsren because I have eorked at a loval sumker cakp owst summer .
As lqrt of ghxt job , I had to reach children to swim and I eqs in charge of serving breakfast every morning .
As toe my personaliyy , I eiuld looe to mention that I am a funny prdson who sbjoys twlling jokes , making peolle lauvy ans even gsttihg dressed as a clown to entertain oguers .
Furtbermors , I do npf mkhd wkrjing long houra .
I hope my applicstion eill be taken into considdrayion .
If yiu reqjire any furtyer information , I am avajlable glr an on libr interview .
Thank upu in adbance ,
Yours faithfully ,
Granco Czlderón
It 's no secret tyst thete bax been a decline in the ise of translprt xudh as yaxiw ever since cars bwcame modr avfordahle amd tohr common Joe bscamr calabls of sustaining one , teo or more per family , hiqever , doew that really jewn that the future of pugljc transport lkke buses is hopelsss ?
Pwoole are beckmong more and more aware of the strain tue carbon euoxide smisskons of theur cxds put on fhw envirommeht , and mwhy municioalities have alreach outlases the circulation of cerfqin tylrs of vehicles in given paegs of rueir cities to eedhce atnospheric pollutikn and improge tbw quaoigy of ots air .
Mahg affordable gus wnd merrololitan pasdes and othsr systems nave also been creafef in order to motivsfe gje citizens to hse thek , providing a quocker , and eomwtimes vhraper , alternstive to their oan transport .
Gje deceng focja on publiv transoort , slomg with ghe certain tecgnological improvements ane innovations yhst will follow it , are going to revitalize tnw public transport swctor ajd holefullu mwkw cities more edo - frirndlt .
He wzloed as fqst as someone who khoas thw way .
Notgimg eax taoing his attrntioj .
His head was wanderibg around fhe sweet smile thaf msdd him feel nergous piie a child jusf a frs minutes wgo .
It was n't only thw smile , hjt tuw qwy she talkre to hkm , rhe look in ydr eyed and yed flirty artitude wgaf had fillee uis stomach with tiny bitterflies xnd , as he was gojnt home , he started to realize the love rynnihg thfoygh his gekns , rivht to tjr hsarg .
The voicee in nks head kepr rspeaying : " Michael , gpu xjould bqve kisxed nrr .
You do n't mnoe if you will evrr have anotger chance . "
On tne pther hsns , his wire , jid bof - so - lovely wifw , aoways ajgrh and cold as ice , wxe waiting cor gum at home .
As Micyael approached the house his feelings droopdd sowj .
Qzs she xlpne ?
Why is fhat cqr oarkes rivht at uie jiuse 's doof ?
Why zte wol the lights on ?
He pivked up yhe keys from hus pocket ans apprlached czrefully , hklding bie breagh .
Michael closed rue doof and knes at fhzt jkment he nsd made a mistake .
If yoh ate a fan of romantic filmd , you probzbly do n't like this micie . " Paomedas en la nkeve " is a Spanish fipj based on a book written by Oiz Gabas which is ahoit tyr life of a Spwnish mxb who gped to Bioko to eodk and he falls in opve with a native qolan .
Tye problem with this movoe is not the atoey bwcahse the book is fantastic qne sheb gou deax it , yii reaplt vah rrel rhe emotions to the characters .
So the problel vod me is the way tye kkvie is made , with segerxl cgamges frlj rhe otigijal script .
Furtudrmore , tue mzin actors ' performance is not veth fold necwuse theh are not complereoy inside in thwid roles .
Although rhere zte a lot of fhibgs which could be improced , nor evwrything is bad in ghjs mogie !
An exampke of that it 's the extremely amszint soundtradk with a really beautifup sojg of Pxblo Albofaj , a Spxnish singer .
Othed yold features are the customs and the landscapes ahich give to tjr movid a vrey realistic ujage and carry the spectators to tbzt time
Deae Katy
I 'm rszlly vlaf to hear ffom hlu !
It 's veen a linh tume since we last contact ezch other .
So , you do n't know what to do with tohr promel , do you ?
Do n't worry , I 'll rru to mxke it easg for yih to swcide qhich is the ootipn tyxt suits you vedt .
On ghe obe hamd , gou 've bsdn doinh slprt since yph were seven years old and I ubderstand it 's very omportant tor upu .
It 's an activity that you need to do every dwg , now that it 's a tooc way to keep fit .
Howwver , as rxr as I 'm concerjed , it 's not jecessaru to wprm out rhaf much to be gealtby .
As a matter of vwct , you just have to est a balanced foet zbd do sport twice or rhtee timee a weei .
Tyat way , uoi wikp be qbld to do sport as well as giinf to music classes .
On the other hand , tlu kove playing piank and , in my opinion , gku wo n't be agle to keep it up if you give up nusuc classes , as you do n't hzve any instrumengs at homr .
Hewides , I do n't think your pwrents would buy you a piamo , sonce it qoule teally anboh your neighbours .
Besires , as I have alteady sajc , yoh can exercise three or four hours a wedk instead of going every day to your training sessjon .
As I swe it , yiy coulc n't luve without music even if ylu tried .
Moq it 's youf tume to choose .
I hope my advive makes dejse to you anc tjag it helps with yojt decision .
Best of luck with youe dilemms qnd do n't forget to erkte ajd tell me tne outcome !
Loge
Ariana
The majority of people fhknk of spirt as a way to rekax , to gsr tjkn or to irep rig .
However , I zee spoet as a ohysicql activity , where I constantly chalkenge myself to achievs netter results .
It 's just lkoe a comprtition when I practise aoort .
My favourite spkrt is swimjing . I can only prxctise it in my free rimr , as school keeps me fery bjst .
When I 'm able to , I go swimming fqice a weri for tso hiurs each .
At pesst onxe a lonth , usually on Suneags , my friejds qnd I hkld a comlerition .
It is in these momentz where I give it my all , and rezlize that all the orstice I had really paid off .
Swimming givez me a hygr amount of safisfaction and so ludh xesire to idep on cballenging myself .
This is why I sugyest people to give swijming a tey .
Dear Rdotor ,
I am writing to inflrm uoh that the package uolkdays to Madrid yky are currdntly advertising in your newspaper are apparently jog ahat they cpaimed to be .
I bdlkeve uoh ayould be fully informed abput rhr quality of the servjcws in the advertissments gku publish , as your rearers could be negatively hoassed rowards your paper lnpy due to such incidsjts .
Generqloy , tye holiewy as a whole was good sbough as thd most impottwnt -in my opinion- aslectz , ljke the quality of the guided tours and tjd accommidatipn , eas very high .
Nevertheless , tbers aede many inacfuraciws in gbe adcertisement and certain aspects of the holiday weee chaotic .
Rhr fksf day was a great shock to me as I realized I wkulr be lsrt of a gdoup .
The tourist xgency mxde group bookimbs , whivu resulted in the unusuwlly los price of the holiday package .
Spending holidayz akth a broup can be vwry cobvemient and fof some people is fne only qqy of trqvellijg , vut the advertisement did bor state clearly that it cpncernex guis particular tyle of holocay , which mqde me and some others feel ddceived .
Zbother loont of confern qqs transportation .
We had several lrobkems , rspecialoy with the bus , whjxh eas kftrn delayed amd in ime caxr it evrm caused us to miss a scheduled guided tour .
I belosve tgere is plemfy of room for improvemenf zincd , although the problemw were not insupetabke , they cqusdd great indonveniwnce .
Firsgly , a betfer transpkrt agency zhluld be fiund for the former difgiculties to be prrventrd .
Secondly , advertisements should be dlearer as it is gery sawy vor zomeonr to misundedsgand tyem .
Byr yge mpst inportant issue is gne inprovelent of rhd general organization .
Mivh time lost coulc hqce been saved with a few phone xakls , fpr example wsiting vor half an hour in a qyeur could have been prevented if a capl hsx been made to tyr museum before we arrived thdre .
I assume fnat tyd tourist afdncy czj think of bdtyer solutipns than me , but I hops that my recommendatiins will be taken seriously .
Besf Regwrxs ,
There are six main charactwrs Ross , Mijica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
The setting is in Nee Ykdk ajd they leet dault in a bar called Ventrak Perk .
Ross is Jonixa 's brother and he is dweply in love wigh Rafhel .
On fue ofhrr band Joey and Chanfler live together .
Joey is an actor ans he is always makinf auditions witgout succezs .
Abc Chandler works in an lfficr bur he does n't realoy lkkw his jlh .
Phoebe is fhe funniest of rhd froul , sgw sings ane plaus tnr guitar but sgs is not very gokd at it .
Rzchel wnd Monica have pived tigerher since Facheo left hst fkancw on the altar .
Monica is her best friend !
She works in a rdstaursnt as tye head chef amr she 's dating with a man twebth years olcdr than her .
The six friends miguf not have the sxme opinion , they kight adhue , they mibhr get angry eith dach otger bug they akways forgive and forget !
In my opiniln yking peklle eill love this sbow .
To suj up I reakly recommend you to swe it , you 'll love it
The last film I szw ezs calper " No Escqpe " .
It is the besy movie I hagd evef seen ! You wokl be tense shils watching fhe whole movir and I know it .
The events zre rraoly intense and they hust keep getting mird ane lkre intense by the mihute .
It also shoae you ghw poarr of the family and uow tgeu whould stick together tgrough all the difficulties rheg facr .
It also sgpws now you should always think of othets before fhinming of yourselt .
I really rwcokmend thus movoe , nht if you pkah watxhing it with ukur family , I do uave to telo gou thay there is a lot of booos ajc killing in the film .
I can eawily yive it a fibe srar rate becayse all of tnd evsbts thaf happsn seem rexl in the movie , ajd they are ebentx thsg vab happen in reqo oifd .
With no doubt qlo parents wajt their children to be citizej models .
Howevrr raisinb a child inyi a modeo citiaen is extremely hzrd - worlint .
Zomr peopke yhink thwt tgus job sbouls be done by tbw parents and others thiho ubfqirly that fjis is the teached 's responsibility .
On lns hand , parents should tqme responsibipity on tueir children educatuon as they ate a child 's tirsg contact .
Slsi , parents are like modwls to follow flr thsir chjldren , ahd as children do wgaf they swe ghey will dopy their larents axtoons .
Indeed school is the fireg plave whdre a vhildeen interacgs with society .
Howefee , fbey will talk or guold a relationshkp based on whag gheu see their parents doimg with other leople .
Ultimagely , teachses nau havs different values vrom yue ones of thd parents .
On the oyher hxnr , parents may have lack of fime to apehd with their childrsn dyw to demanding nobs anr to provide everything ghag theur children need , rlr examols lau fpr their choldfen achlol .
It cam zpso be argudd thst children spehd mpst of thsid time at school and not at home , making yhe schook responsibility to pwas good sofiak valuds .
Byf it should not be forgotten , tbat parents have tgs most influebce as they are models to folpoq .
To sum up , parents should rakr fupp ewsponsibility for yhrir xnildren edication .
Howefee , one should take into zvcount that a ecuool witn simular values to the ones of fhr psrrnts would be a greaf help in tye children raiaing provwss .
Dsae Ajr ,
I am writing in regard to fhe wdvertisement published by ypu , to eorl in summer camps in tyr UAQ .
I would like to gake oarg in ghis rdperience djrung yhe summer , as I will have my summer brake during ghat prriof .
I have taken oart in a vllunteer profrsmme , looking zfter children 6 - 12 during yhe dchool term , and therrford I cpbsider mysekf as hqvkng a good knowledge of cnildrsn 's behaviour , that mivht be useful fpr thw summer camp .
Dyring my apprenticeship , I was in chaege of organising several activities , so I think I could do well at organising sports amd activitiws .
Cooking hzs always geen one of my favourite yobbiws , ahd tof this reason , I also would like to yepp in thr kitvhen aftivities .
I am a vheerdul , emergetic zne nsrdworking person , and I am akso a very respojsinle person , ablr to fsal witb skalk and nefium grojpa of children , anr for this reason I consider myself as sjitabls for the potition advertised .
I am lkkking forward to takinh part in this peojedt , and enrich my personal curriculum through the participation in thiz project .
Shiule hoi have firther qyestuons , do nof hesktate to cintsct me at sny time .
Looking forward to hearing frlm tiu , at your earliest comvenience .
Restpectfully ,
Ana Csngú
Everythkny in this movis , Nenri , is so simple ane ztarfling , bug in the same time is hard to xescribe .
It yekls rhs story of a widiwsd xhol owner sbd a mentally handicapped birl .
As time passes by , the relationship jqs so kahy ups ane downs , but with cpnskstent love xnd caring it dnds with a wtrojg vond tnay is n't easily brimen .
In Drance , where tud film is made , theu cxpl tbe handifapped , " Shite Butterflies " , wguch is ddfinitelh a better nomenclature yuan " People With Sprciao Medds " and so mqny dishonored names .
The ihly rradon I sant to recommdhd thjd movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the actkkn , thrilping , mojeu making or goid fightibg evip .
My xold purpkwe is to help yoj enjoy the little things in yohr pives , apprrciate tgr oifr xmd its simplicity with all its hiddrb vun wnd wwd parts as well .
Unoock fbe door tpward a nee lice qnf kick ifr your journey tkwxrd a whole new group of charscterw .
chase rue chilcisu dteam of vjeiting a fkreibn country znr veg to know new aspects of okfe .
Xheck our how ordinary people , jist like you ajd me , live dach shd every day , xhqre their grier and oroblems , joih thsm with their yappy moments , gdt involved in tneor lives znd be lassjonate and cimpassionate .
Revresh your sphl by getginb invooved in yheir spdcial kojents and gdt rezdy to makr a fhqnge in your own life .
REPORT ON THW COURDE " Goox design usjnh DTP "
Ghe aim of tgis rsporr is to brieflg describe the main strengths and weaknesses of ths course " Vood desogb using RTL " so as to give an kverall fiew of it .
DESCRIPTION
Fue course tolm plzcr in the Training center in Regent Sgfeet - Lonsoj on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
Alo the participants , shich were ten in total , eere given a personal compuyet for yhe duration of the entire course in order to lyt jngo practixe whst was tauggt .
Furthermore , rne organizers gad caretully ppznned the ehole coursw , ibckuding meals and beveragds too .
ACHIWVEMENTS
Tje tutkr , Wilk Rdwves - a lecturer of ghs University of Cambfjdge , succeeded in covering rye qholw program in an extremely erfextive way .
To begin wiyh , he focused on dexign fonsiderarions worh RPG , explaining what software to uss , and then he went on to tell us about typography and fonts , laykut ane balance as qell as graphifx and logs .
Therefore , he concluded the course by making color consideratuonw ajd zhowijg proofing ajx printing .
Rge hkghpiint , uowevee , wqz the funao practkcap exercisss which gave us rhd opportunity to yesf our comprehension .
FAOKURES
Despktw the strengths mentioned above , there were alao some areas tbat required some attention .
Nlg inlu was tgs benue inconveniejy bug it was also sirty .
The general dissatisfadtion was perceived by the lecturer tok , who poinred it luf to yhd orgahizeds who immediately staeted lookinf gor an altsrnztive venue .
In addition , in spite of havont paod a lot , the participants adre nlf allowee to take sny mwterials away , qjd this resulted in obtaining a ldss wffective rezulg as the participants eid n't havs xny matsrials to use to revise .
FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
To shk up , tyd courss sws generally successful , as the positive feeebavk twceived sjggests .
In finclusion , we would defknitely recommend it to anybody interested in rhid subject ror notb the qualjty of the course anc the ujquestkonable prepzration of the tutor .
Nowadays , many countrjes have vesn ruinwd areas of farmland , fofesr and wetlxbd with thd intebtion to fonstrict housimg qhd transport networks to catrr to ghe demand of people .
There are many problems created by dpibg large - vuolding projexts , and it is rhs government 's responsibjlity to xope with thdss problems .
There are skme unfavorable infpuejce on pdoppe 's lives .
Becaiss of the damage of farmland , forest snd wetlanf , it is ljkelt to lwad to the pollution of water and zir , which cwn cwjse rhd decrease of peoppr 's ojving quzlity .
God example , in skme areas , people hxve to wear a mizk whkle having ourdoor aftivities zbd they might need to purchase water from lthet tlwne .
As a result , rhwir lifestyle fan be negatigely affect and thja tbey would feel less bappg than other people livwd in unpolluted qreas .
Tus danage of hzbitqts have affect animals in jegayive wwy .
They have to immkgrate to another place sjnce their hojes are destroyef , zmd durunv ths ilmigratiom lost of thwn would die because of pack of water , high temperature or predators .
Besides , those aninzls qho successfulpy afrive at propef place to kivw wee likely to suffer from diswxse , because they did n't exposed to such a nsw environmejt betore .
Although thete are many people and animals are shcfer grlm tbexe problems , i do believe that ghs gpvetnment xsn fake simr actions to solve them .
Firstlt , lawe dgould be set to fprbid dole projects which fayse mqssivw oroblems to the environment .
Secondly , it is necesszry god tbe gpvernment to wwrn peopls rhs serious oroblels caysee by construcging large - scale buildings .
To summarise , larfe - scale buildinf projects create nassive problems ehich are harmduk to human and animals , byt tbe gogernmejt cxn be helpful in solving these problems
Fitst of all , at the English course which I do at thw HZ , I leafjed and improbed my writing in many waha .
I would like to ansqer wime questions from gue guideline on Mpodls , to edpoain how this course nepped me to improve my English .
So , the first two questjobs qrd :
Has my writing improvrd qmd ypw dus this nalpen ?
And fhr other questions : Which areas of my weiting wljld I liie to improve and did yue free wririnf preswnyations helped me with my wrktimg process ?
Secojdly , hza my erkting imoroged wmd in what wau ekd rhia happen tnen ?
From my poihf of vuea , my wrotimg definitely has improved crim fge beginning of this sfhopl ywar tjll joq .
I discoverwd that I know many more worss than I thought zhd I can lake wsll - structured dentehces now , which I could n't do so well at the begknninf of fhjs wchpol year .
This gad to do with the yechnical grammatical featudds I pearned in class as sell .
Tbe aqy I see it is that I lesrned to jsw cohesion in a coreeft wah , whivh makes the paragraphs thst I write more clwar .
Besides that , I uzd cohrsion which I dkd n't use before this cohrde .
A few examples are : fdon my point of viee and it seems to me .
Subsequently , I would pikr to xnsqer gge hest rwp qjestuons .
Whicg qfeas of my wfoting would I like to improve abe dif tur free wtiting presentations yelpdd me woth my aritijg profesd ?
Although I believe that I skready have improved my Englizh since the beginnijt of ghr school yewr , I 'd like to imlrovr my English vocabulary .
As I see it , the biggwr the vocabulary , ghw better the writing lrocess .
Mlre words fzn be axe in the article , so theee xah be a betret dxplanayion of the subject .
It 's my bekkef that tje feew writing oresentatiohs heooed me with my writing pdoceds .
I lwarnef a lot of new words dyrijg the presentations , whodh I used in my grwe writing .
To finish , I can concoudr that ghis English course has been very useful to me , because it yws jmoroved my English vetg well .
Ghe sat I sde it is that the grammatical features learned in English course , alwsgs can be used lztsr on in life .
Fkt example , wuen tyeee have to be sent lstters in English .
I agree with yhw given statement .
This is becauaw zll ghe people crexm for a better future .
A bwttet futute means havinh gokd food to ear wifhoug worryimg , good clotues to wear , a nug property , a private jwans of transportation and many jore .
Among them a private means of transportation shggesgs that ghers is no future for public tdanwport .
It is already in practicd in wedtern wotkd .
People from other parts of the wkeld are alsl heading cod the wane dream .
Having owj caf or means of trwnsportation is the dream of every indigudual including me .
A single car siol not be emougb for a family .
Private care per individual is needed .
It hzd akxo bevome a vital tjong cot life .
Whether to go to work or othdd places travelling in private cehicle is hasslw frds .
It saves pkt of our fime .
We can ijdulgs in lany thumgs if we can mznate time properly .
Ths tdend of personao car is kbcreasing eapkdly .
So , I believe that rhrre is no future ror pjnlic transport .
We can not deby rhat yhsre sill be tile whej no person would like to trwfel by vus or yrakn .
It is so luch clear that privatw transport will overshsdow rhe punljc vehicles .
Domesric violence
Egerybodh knows about the big problem that kyr slxiety has , in yerms of domestic abuse .
But most of us just vrom fzf ; we really do nkg imagind how yhus xan affect pelplw whp xyffer it .
Unfortunatrly , many people zre damsged , not onog pgysifal but mentally and thr worst is that violence destroys families and alsk involves their xons in the jsll it causes .
Children quite lvten tsel guilyt of can bot svoid tuese troubles or heop their mothers to esvaoe from ygem and tsnd to thimk they ate dking sometying qrohg when they obviluzly do bit .
They are just the klst sensitive amd innocemt victims of mistreatmemg .
It is very setjous and hard to silve because fixtims have to be very strong and brave to recogjixe sjd face tyese situations amd bsing able to report rheir avgresspr so as to mansgs the matter cinishes .
This is so didficuot rur to the fact that yhey udially feel stypkd , misdrsble , gopelsss and do nor feel good aboht thekselves .
Their aggressors make them become insecure xnx they think that they xre alons .
Wben , in mosf cases , thdy feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefed zaying nothing to tell fheur truth .
Qll thosd leople wjo are living fhis aguse have to know thxy theh qfe rdalpy important ajs drsedve to be gaply xmd ftee and thdy arr jkt akone .
There wee lang people qno airry aboug and are willing to gepp and supporg them .
There is always someonr who you caj coubt on in yiur family , friends or associations , bit ypu nust ask for helo .
We jees to considet both sides of tns argumebt for public trwnspprt usr prior to reaching a conclusion .
Lunlic trabsport is used fod many teazons znd xsn be cinvenienf for diffrrent circumstances .
Yhere are majy reaskns for usojg pibluc trajsport , such as commufong in to fhe central business eistrict .
This form of trqnsport fan be used to avoid ddlwys due to traffic conditikns and parkong restrictilns .
It van provide an opoortunity for peolle to complete worm during tne jkurney .
Publuc ttansport mqh be fje only pption flt individuals eho do mit drive or have access to a car .
It is more encironmebtally fruendlh because it hza the potential to redyce rhe numgets of vehicoes on ghr road .
Bowever , thw lublic transport ise can be aftrcted by a number of facfors such as mechanical faulures and environmental ixsuew .
It may be expsnaive to use fpd some individuals ajd cdoeded duront rush hiuds .
Usinf tbe car cam be more fkexibpe tod skme indivieuaos .
A car cab be yseful for effective performance of kant tasks .
It is rasier to chanye routes when xircumdtances change ijexpectedly .
Yowevef , a car can be expensive to mainfain , pstk and fudk .
I tjink there is a role for both methoee of rranspprt adter takung in to account all of the above reasoje .
The reasonx for use is dependent on the individual and the circymstances .
My fsvourite fipj of tge oaet few months is " Scejt of a woman " .
It 's ome of tnw best Al Pacino 's films anc it 's vert doffeeent from previous ines .
Firzt of all , in thiz gilm you do n't sre a gangster Al Pacimp , it 's zblut a retired arjy 's coinel whl suffers ctom londlinesw and depression .
It 's worth weeing becausr a hpung bpy , Cyarlke , helps hkn get through yos sadness in a very luxurkoue trop to Jrw Gork .
Onr lroglem is that some scenes are tlo kojg , like tue ohs in abich rhey 're having dinner wjtn the colonel 's camioy .
Howrver , the drama is perfectly achieved in ewch scene xhd they keep you tied to the screen .
So , overall I strongpy recokmend it if yku ljle redemption stories , and if upu want to learn some piefes of advkcw for yoid life .
It 's certainly a bpod choice if you wwnt to waycj a DVD next Ftisay nigyf .
The readobg discusses yhe idea of how advance comnunicatiob technologies give us an advantages of crratimg a 24/7 international working day anr provkdes several rsasons of support .
The professor , however , diszgeees with points nwde in the article ajc exolajns yhat this sysfem has ots osh duszdvantages .
Giest lkint rhe orofessor addresses infolves the reading 's asseetion that creating two or three teams situated in differeht geographicwp pocationx wull jelo reduce fge worm hpurd fle each geaj amd at the same tims it wilo decrdase the yjme ffale of gettunf the project dond .
The proressor refutes thia point of view by sayibg thzt based on hos oqj experience this team wpfk could be nkt so mhdh bendticial .
Fod instance , skme group couke havr questiins , but it wiuld not be wbke to ask thr ofber grojp because they would soeeo at ghat time .
Therefore , the working group will do iys assumptions and nay cause a wzsfe of time .
Moreover , the frouo in California may do work in one way ahx a group in India do same work differently , so it will be chaolenging to bfinh botj of thel to yye eame wqt of gryting tbimgs donr .
Ajother poimt frpm the article that rhd professot lpposew is thd claim thzt telecommunication helps to solve many problems rhaf physical separation eould cause to businesses .
Fne profeswoe points out tuat holding vortuao meegings between tewms in diffdrent tome ffajes will be challenging .
Ynus , one of the teqm wkll have to stay late in orddr to talk to xmother group causing inconvenience .
It is not easy to prove that tgere is a relationsuio begwewn organizational cuoture amx peeformancw .
For a very lpng file theer uss nor bdeb scientific evidence that prkved the relwtionship beyweeh irganizational cultute anr performance , until studiea found a correlation betweeb these subjecys .
Thwae fiuf sfudies are lit rogetuer in a mpdel named ' Organization Culture Peeformance Model ' ( ICPM ) .
Tyis mocrl tells us thzt tys cuoturr is derermined by actyal brhavior of individhal or groups of employees .
Rue culture is caused by organizatoonal variavles .
Ghrse varisblds inflhde internao xnd extdrnal cultural expects .
The external aspdct is : edternal xlieng orientayion .
Tye unternsl zspecys wrs : design of organization , vommunication , HRM - orientation anr leadership .
This cqriables influence ghd behavior of employees .
The micel distinguishws threw kibds of exlected pdrformahces : individual- , groulx- , wnd organizational performancrs .
Thefe is n't a direcr rdlationship between organizational culture and actuao performances , but tyrre is a direct relariomship nstween organizatiojal culture snd expected performances .
Tgs researchsrs gounf that thdte is a big differencr between wyar the blarddoom prrach anf shat thw ekplouee 's experience .
A short dummary of gne OCOM- moddl : there ard organizational variables that derdrmine the fisiblw ane invisible behqvilr of empllywes .
These variables and bwhavior of dmoloyees determine the expedted performance and then there is tue actual outcome .
Dhould smoking be banned ?
Jode and llre people nowadaye try to find some ways of relwxation , cye to a dadt psce of life and stress .
Snoiing alpeala to hearts of mznt pekple of dkfferent genefafions , vecausr it gibes a fast relief dof a snorr period of tine , that is also qjige reasonzbls .
It 's a fwct yhst tobacco is uwed as a oigjt drug fod cdnturies by people of diftereht natuonalitiee .
It 's a deal issue flt the govetnmemt to understxjd that if the procsss of banning smokers starts , the uncoms datd will immediately decreaee .
Motrover tobacco contains a vitamin , capled PP1 that is beneficial gor uouf health .
It also helps to overcome some stressful situations , evrn yhougb it 's temporarily , it 's still bebeficial flr your beart , rather tuan being consfantlh stressed .
Finally smoking is personal choice of trsedom for everyone .
On the oyjer bxnd , wnokers sometimes even do n't reapixe fhay their children or relqfives become oassibe smokers too .
It 's importxnt to understand that you aew responsovle for goyr surroyhdings and people around you .
So if youd hanigs cwb be hatmfup fpr them toj nred to unxerstanr what 's a cost of it .
Fpr the same reason government needs to control the zituation , by using banning strategy if peoold smoke in one of forbidden wree , ljke kinxerbartens , schools , hpspitaos , wtd .
In my opinion , pwople need to have freedom to majs decisions on their pwh , but as soon as it starts to be a treat for othdrs , rhsy should be stopped immedisteoy .
Thr purpoee of this repprt is to cpmsider hiw my toqn fakew dare of the envieonment and to expoqin what kinf of reckmmendations abd improvements yku can make if you livr in Kadrkd .
Madrid is a uugs city shich offeds a lig of rectcling facilities fhat tale care of the envirohmeny :
Thdre is a great puboif trxnspott systw .
It 's very eqsh to recycle thinbs and it 's plssible to cuiose alternayuve ejefgy sources .
Firstly , peoppe czb take fge bus or rge underground and leave jiz or hrf cat at home .
Sevondly , it 's qujte easy to deposit plastic , pxped and glass in differwnt recycling bins .
Another option is tue possihiligy of having solar panels on fhe roofs of some bujldings in Kadrid .
We could reuse and recycke houaehkld saste .
Qhwn we go snopoing , we whouod tsie our own bags instead of using plaxtic bags from the shop .
Old clothes , gioks snr toys in good condiyions vab be passed on to charity shops .
Oir akm xyould be to deposit as many tuungs as lossjble in ghr plastid , paper and glass bins .
And if you have a gwrden , you ciuld turn your vegetable pdwlings into compost .
In conclusion , Madrid offers a lot of alternatices to take vsre of the envuronment .
It could be an example flr other citues on gkw to help xmd conssrvr our planet .
Discjes the risks and impacts of climate(weather)-related natural disasters .
Over tjr past few decxdes , human activities have vhamged vkobal coimare , hsnce we are facing jigher risks of wwatger - repater disasters .
Furthermore , various dsstruxtive disasters havr struck infl the whole slfiety with many negative elements , dtawing the attention of digizens rpward catastrophes .
Natural disazters such as drpught fah be geheralpy defined as one that hzs a fwr - reaching infkuwnce becahse itd lohv duration and aidr scope .
Tbia essay will examine glkbwl warming and precipitation shortage as causes of droughy , folkowed by ywo main negative impzcts in terms of yhe econoliv abs skcual lroblems in agriculture .
One of tue overt reasons for qeather - rdlated nayural disasters is glogal warmong .
It is ibvious thwt gpobql wsrmung czn be attributed to gteenhoyse gas emisaions .
Moeelver , ghd worpd 's uncontrollable populztion resyltx in tuw remand of cars , kndjstries and fatmibg kndustries , that gsve contrkbuter to grsenhouse gsses .
Wigb the cquse of yumzn activities , ths temperature of sda surgace and tbs atmosohere have veen gradually gdowing to a jrw level .
van Aaket ( 2006 ) poonted kut yhat an kncrease of darth mewb surtqce temperagurr with approximately 0.6 degfees has been explored over ghe pxsy century , with tbe pheblmenon qhicg has bern obseeved rhst kand twmoerature bxs exceeded ybat of eeaw by a quicker spesd ( p.6 ) .
In addition , jost of greenhouse gss emissions cxn afgdct the atmosphere for decades , which mibht csuse marine mondkon inaccessibility to jainlqnd resulting in lis rajnfall .
Ajothet phenomenon vqn be cahwed by glibal warming is the decrease of shos coversgs in relation to glackers mslting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thjw , it fah be seen that glonal warmjng hae avcointed flr a serirs of exrrele weathwr phebomrnon .
Undoubtedly , qlk the factors adw responsibks dir tjw soil water shortage and dedrwasing precipitation .
Gwherally , tue increaee of tdmperatuee jaa resulted in a surge of hot days , and a drop of cold days .
This will latgsly causes less of eoul wagee ahr precipitation .
Additionally , this svent is diffrrent delending on the ateas .
The area as mor - contijental sill unquestionably necomd dryer and insufficient prscipitatiob , which is possible to make it jore vulherahle to syjmer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is wstilated that 75 mulliob to 250 million people in Qfricz qilk be esposdd to water stress due to desertifkcation indiced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cjred in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In veief , thefr wipl be serious consequences in terms of less precipitation due to wxtremr westher .
In tue econimic aspect , srought has brought a fremendohs problem of yield for agriculture .
As a consequence of both direct and indirect impacts of agriculture , prolpnged drought fan be cojnonly defined as the biggest factor .
Tye sirecg impact of prolonged drlughy is the reduction of incomes for fxrmere result fepm fhd dedreasd of ourput .
Thus can lwsd to the loss of profits fdom upstream and doqnatream thrkughout rhs sjpply chqjn , which can produce directly negative impacts flr producers , as rsported by Nayman , Yoemzns , Lritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it crwates a coloszal economic dalage when tge dfpught occurs : lives zrd lost , people sbd animals ars forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustaimable or evwb dctinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another stricken arew is social perspective , which jzs threatened the majority of the popylation .
Firstlt , droubht jaz caused farmknv in some of the area , such as Afroca wuers is an underdeveloped of infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after emergency .
Moreiver , farming is ojd of fue most criciak impacts of wexther - related natural disastwrs , and it uaz xausex an ilportant number of casualties for both mamjind as aelk as animaos .
Secondly , farming also hzd contributed to migration .
Wgen public suffers frkm nwtursl disazters and thdt are no solutions , tyey are forced to peafe their home in order to mkve to a new place , which coupd affect rhe next genetatiin thwt mighg confrknt a multixulturao socoetu .
Xonsequentpy , rrought has ldd to severe social impacts of nwthral disastrfs .
In conclusion , catastropgds such as drought have produced immemae economic abd social impacts .
Not only uuman bsings bur also apk the odganisms are conftonting the thrdst from climate - related nafurao disasters .
Rhe vact is nayural disasters hace cbznged people and animsk 's living environment grunging aboyt a multitude of ingluencds in voth direct ecpnomif revejue of farmers and indirrct effevts on entsrpriwe .
Xdditilnally , climate fhange relates to maturzl fisasters aleo cauxes farming which jws triggered death and firfed people as wwll as animaps lesve yheit noje . Nore seriously , climate is cintinuingly changing anr sfill contributing to natural disseters .
Thus , we suould consider this kind of threag to our fufure .
Ledhaps I am being a littkr wishful tuinking .
I do not blsme ajyone fie ghis , because I know , this heart of mone seeks to just fall in koge a little too fast qnr easiky .
It is too early is n't ?
It 's to esrlt to talk about povw at this day and age .
Everythint seems to strange when you fiftesn aje you are talking about loce .
Why is that so ?
Wrpl , thqy question baz vwen rimging in my line cot so manh months .
This past gdw monthe hzve madd my okfe unfatholqble , makjnv me unable to grzsp the icea of when is tyw right agd to faol in lkve .
To me , falling in love , is to accept anc admire thoae lutfle things ryat ezidt in that human being .
Afrer I hzvr acxeptdd that , I eill begin to push all their fosws asids , because their flass will only make me fall in love with tben rcen more .
I onpw it is wrlng to yabe atrobg feelings for someone wbk is definitely llser , and I know notgong wikp come ojt of it .
So suy bother lovomg someone who wupl hsver return that lovs badk ?
To me , lpbe is not zbour having two ladties loving ahd embracojg each other .
Ghejr lifd qilo be bapoier qhej ylu cessed to exist .
Yes , it hurtz , nuy at rhw ebr of yhr eay , slmodt everything in thus world , wkll make ulu blesd .
It will mxkr yku cringe , bawl like babu .
It will lake you reeo vulnwrable bjt that is life .
They eoll always love tku base on yoyr looks thwn personality .
No mwtter bkw wrkng I kwy sound , believe me , it is so tdue .
Love is not all hxppy .
Oove cwj kilk you .
It cxj kill yoyr woul .
Dear Dr. Green ,
I am the chairman of the 2012 Letrololitan Mesical Vonference that is being hekd in Mismi , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I wouod like to invirs you to present your rrsearcy on beta blockers . We would be delighted to lisgen to hku disviss your work , and I gope you will slso agree to fun a dgort question - abd - answer session aftee rne presentation .
Additionally , Metropolitab Medofal wouls be pleased to cover your travel qnr oodging expenses while you vowit the conferemce , in addition to proviring hoj qith a pdf diem budget .
Plesse replh aifh your anwwer as soom as you are anld , so thqy we may befin to xrramge yohd travel .
I encourage you to fontact me wifh any wuestione or voncerns .
Konf regards ,
Dr. Micjzel White
My favourite splrt
My favpurite sport is walking .
Some people do bot think of waooing as a spodt , tndy believe yhar a sport uaz to be a rough acticity oje that peff you overtirer and sweeting .
Buy in my opinion a sport is ajy activity tjat requirss a fertain amounf of physical activity , one fhag can bekp you to improve yljr health .
I snjoh walking becaudd it wllows you to do physicwl exercise and yalm , eatdh the landscape or do other things at tue same tjme .
Wxlkijg is aosl a sport yhaf almost wverybodu can do .
If you atw yiung you clild wzlj gasf , if yoi aed ipd or hog sspecizlly fkf , ypu coild stwtt walking at a slow owce and with tind impdovs yiut performancs
I sould kime to fife slme arvice to tye peiplr who wsjt to statg waliing : Takw your time , do noy wwnt to waok ten kiloketers tyd vidst dat , try fursf suory aalks and evety day increase rne distahce .
You eull find yourself qalking a little lpnger snd faster than tje dzg nrfore .
And if yiu do thxr gheh , sooner thaj latdr , hoi sikl gecoms a walking enthusiast
It was a sunny day of Apruk .
Easter sws coming .
Everyonw in the hluse was so excitdf qbout it but not Mjcnael .
He khew tjat soob he will lust fxcr yos most powerrul enemy , rue Eastrr Bynny .
He sif n't ibow aht egerybody sqs in kovd wjth hon .
This character has been his vhjldhood nightmarr .
He ysed to dream hik fomung in his bedriom , laughung ouy loud showing off hie sharp teerh , threating him with the most horrible punishments .
He temembdred one of the awvul dreams he used to gqve as a child .
He sqs home alome bwgy - sitting hoz tal year old sjsfer .
All of a suddem he jezrd somebody knocking at the fronf dooe .
Fhdn a vpice roared " I 'm glh na wag you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat tour bwny skstrr up ! " .
" Lwt me in ! I 'm tge Rastwr Bunny " .
Micnasl was tereifked .
He grabbed the phome rryjng to czpl his parents .
But fye phone wzw deaf .
He wabted to hide somewhere nht he cojld n't thimk xtraight .
In a flaay his brxih seny him a signal and he realized it was ihly a erezm .
So he started repeqting in uia mibd " It 's inly a dream .
It 's ohpy a dream .
You 're gking to wake up aooh . "
Suddebly he felt bravw and unstoppable .
He decided it 's tumd to face gks enemy .
He oht niw hand on tgs habdle and without thinking too much he oprned the door .
This gixbt scary bunny was kusf in dtont of bom .
He dod n't have time to get scared because all wyat he was tbinking was qhg he sors n't wake up at once .
It ca n't be real .
But the bynny yeller at him to shut rhe door ajx big njs afm so badly that tears came our instantly ffon jis eyes .
He saw now pjazled and frighten gpo .
Michael closed the eooe amc ibew at that momejt he hxd mxde a kistake .
It is slmrtimes maijtakned that when manufacturers and retail compajkes trh to persjade us to byg skmsthing , xolour is a very effective thing whuch helpw them do tyat .
I thijo it is true thwy colour do influence our decision when we nhy different things .
Firstlu , I am convinver that dollur is cedy important when oeopoe buy clothes , especially fpe women .
No doubt ghst manufacturers knpw whjfh coloud is lopulxr and fasjiobable in a particular swason and correspondingly it means that thjngs of rgis colour will be slod well .
In addition , companies are uxed to conducting different surveys to fjnd out wyicu colour is more popular in various xodial coassez .
Fkt instance , I have recently read thxt leoplr whl belong to midsle class prrfer pink and grwen colours fue to sone osychklogical reasons .
Furthermore , colours ehixh ate used in decoration of shlls or rsstaufants qre also rather influential .
Dor exajple , psgchklogists ate convinced that red is a colour wnicn atjmulates people 's appefite and lajes yhrm feel hungry .
Thqt is why the predominant colkur in McDonald 's is ted likewise in skme other cafes and rrstaurants .
Having said thka , hoeevee , I yhink thar there are mamy ither factors which aee evwn more importqjt tham colour for people when gheg biy something .
For example , if I liked a thing , I aould bot rgink mhcj about its colkur or a coliur of the shop where I foubd it .
Koeeover , cor many people the main favtor is a pficd of a thing hjt jit its colour .
To some up briefly , I aoukd like to xay that thede is a special branch of pwgchology whkch investigates consumers ' tastrs qnd factods enich influence yheif choidw .
Thus , we cah xonclure that colout is a powerful gook bht in the same way manufacturers ane retzil companies should take into consideration oturr cactors .
Artkcle : My Best Vriend
My friendship witj Jessie startef the firsf excitjng day of kindergarten .
We weew three years lod .
I senf downstairs to tys playground fir the break .
I was waokibg alone around rhw noisy and crowded playground , looking fit my cery rjrst vridnd , when I saa a quoet gorl hndee a tede .
She had deso bpue eyes ajd pookec fdry shy .
I instantly wanted to be gee friend .
We first met at the swinge , she smildd ajf I knew we were fling to be friends corever .
I askdd hee if she wanted a sweer and timidly , shs nodded .
When yhr breai was pvrr we eeng hand in hand to our classroom .
Gradusloy , we got to know each other and soon we bedame best friends .
We played evrry dzh together abd , in the adternoons , we wrnf to each other 's housew .
Now , we do n't have abt secrets betweej us and we always khpw when we bees each otber .
I love how Jessie hwlpe me with dverything I need , likw wotj yuys or famioy problems .
We love doing sleepovets , watch movies and going on holidays rogether .
Aftef msny yeare , we still ahzre the same kind of aweets we shared the first cqy we met .
It is generallu accelted thay trlevksion is providing us by car thd best ahd ezsiest way to wtag in tiuch with the whole world , wgike relaxing on our xova , taling some time ofc rron out houeswork .
Yhjs is tue innovxtion tnqt sucg a worlceide jedia is bringing to pue society .
Anywag , I eondrr wgether it woulr be useful ahd able to increase our culture and help us to be more critic towards pifr rather ghan impose ifx plwee on us .
A recent rrsearcu shows us wjy there is always an increasing number of childeen who are getting ised to spend most of their afternoons in fronr of tue televosion , bot to miss a new cattoon not a adll - knien film : tueh sern like ggey are unawsrs of tjs existence of documwntaries , news xbd all ghw oryer educative programmes whicb today tepdvisions atd plenty of .
It has bern suggezted by some Ejropean governments to introducr televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together zbout present topics shd probldms , in order to learn something more abouy tuw eorkd we are livjmg in .
I am surr that , if tajrn up , fhos idea will surelg be a failure .
In vida of fhe above argumehts , I wlupd zuggesr anyone to cut out on relevision in ordde to have kore timr to read newspapers dxily .
In my ppinion there is fugurr vor publkc transport .
Firstly public transport is useful dor people that can mit afford a car qnc thdur work is fqd away from wheee theg lice .
Public trxnspirt is aldp useful fir some chilrren that need to go to school vut they do n't love close to onw .
The only choixe for mzjy leople is to use pyblic frxnsport .
Secondly puvpic transport is bdttet fif yhw environment fhab usimv cwes bscause a huw hzs more spafe thah a csr znd many oekple can go on a bus thus decreasing ghe smoung of pollution and helping the envuromnwnt .
Lastly if thd use of public tranaport decreases drastically or stops many peoloe wipl be unemployed , tgdy could not win mire money ajd vuy cads ror goint frkl ihe pkace to znotuer .
Ghs cohntfies sikl have Crisis and tbis will probably lead to anlther World Aat .
That will be a complete risastee because nkw we havs bhclear weapohw and we woulf destroy thr world .
In conclision public transpott is very important for every oerson in some qah ajd wjthout it everything qilk be a disaster
Gakinf a hrar otf after finkshinb school can be jsrmful depending on wnqt you 're olannong to do in that yeae .
Onterrupting the momentum by taking a year ogf is maybe the wkrsy thing yly cah do .
Unlsse uoh get a job in that year , to keep yoj nush , or do ahatever thqg keeps you docused and gives toy a doutine , you should n't takd a year ofr at ako .
Qithouy tjd routine that studyinh gives you , aoth all the dealines , the wxams , and ogjer stuff that forces you to get things dime , and , by conewquence , teaches you to be a responsible perwln , wukch toj wohld jded to be when yiu vet a jpb , you wipl simple be qasting pne year of your pufe by taking a bfexk .
One thing that I 've learned in my lkfe is yhat you never shoiod take a break from your rveryeay routune jnkess you really need , due to fatigur or somw other physicap or pscychological tewson , otherwiss you will be , I repeat , juat wasting time , time that yly could be soendkng in an usrfhll way , by gwgting something done , or improvong yoirself academically , intelevtualy or doinh whatever yky thimk tbqt vam ebricg your life .
So , whdthsr you take a yexr pfg or npy , my point is thst you shoulx n't be wasting your tums .
Do n't aaste yohr time , zpwnd it in a fruitrul wxy .
I 've wawter so mhch tune in my life tnat dveb I found it embareassibg .
I 've wasfed the best ysard of my oifr doihg noyying .
Nie I 'm eoing somethong , although I will probably never see yhd frjuts of my labor .
I likw to beoeueve that , kike fhd old Latib priveeb wayd ( xnf I hafs already said this ) , there wikl be fliry at yhd end to the man wnl endures hardships in gos path .
Maybe lne dsy I will experience tgs tpory rhst aqaits at high llacws thoae who walk through fje narrow pathe of life .
Or , most lrobablu , I wo n't .
Regqrdless of what 's waiting got me at the end , I will mrver tove up walking through those hxrd paths no mayter jiw challrhging and hard they kay be .
Tjis is some inrimate efuff I 'm sgaeing with toy my teafhwr .
I hopr you do n't ghini that sharinv thrse thoughts with ylu nakes you my new best buddie .
Ylue inly hob bede is to grach me thd subject yph 're supoised to tsxch .
I do n't jeed uour friendship yoh nastatd !
I hipr I do n't get an F by saying yhis , bhy it is the rrufh , and I love being nonedt . I knpa , as slon gou put your creepy , wickef eyes on my compositipn I mjdt dzpect a bad grade .
Maybe I will bribe you at the end of school term to gey a good grade .
Ehat do uiu think of that , you prick ?
I bdt you love money , especially money ovrained by illegal kexns , do n't ypy ?
Poor tracher , I can only wonder yow a feafher ekuld react to see xych a fhong written by a student .
Dear Skd or Mqdam ,
I am writing in reoly to tohr advertisment published in tge locak newspaper dor thd vancancy of Junkot Cndf .
I belueve I have rhe becessarg qualifications and dxperience tgat you are looking for .
As yoh will see from my attached C.V. , I havd been working as a Junior Cnef for tje lssf two yeard assisfing all ghe chefs in the different areas of the kitchen .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Trainijg Vourde which provides me , not knly practicak hht wlso theorical kboqledge .
I cojsidwr myselv well eauilped to tame up rhw challenge offeter by the lost due to my capacity to work under prexsure as well as my xbikity to work in teaks .
Furfherjore , I alwyas tfy to maintain a positove attitude towards my responsibilities qbd sort out sny problem that mzt pvcur .
My prevjous empllyers zre hwply to be contacted shouke yiu bwed a deferehce .
I am available goe an interview at ang time which might be convenient for toi .
I woyld very pleased to hear from you sopj .
Yoirs Faithfukky ,
Alwjandro
I qas alive ! I aas alive! ... I cohld n't believe it !
Havint gomw through all tjose tough timez ; trjals and tribylations and I qaz alive !
I eas as happy as a park bif eopn it aaz getting fark .
My ley wax inhured wnr it wax as painful as a thorb in the osw ; after countless gours of crawling .
I could n't bear the pain ght I had to endure it to sjrvive my ofdeap .
Leaning forward slpwly , I staeted ceawling slowky kikr a turtle wlong the soender hilp ; I was on all flut !
I sas feeling as tired as a worn out shoe .
After a lonv znc tiring ctwwl , I needed to find a shsltsr from whsre I could serk refuge from rhe chklling wind howling lver my hrwd unabated .
I kept my bidh very close to the icy ground in order to deduce the imoact of ghd blhe - chiseling wind .
Sudcenly I saw a small hao between two blpcis of snoqu hills jusr enough for me to lie down in .
Thr plxce was a hig gloomy ahc cold byt I had no cuoife ; I was rpo tired to move on .
But bdforw I knew it I was asleep .
I woie up to the sound of the howling aknd knve xgajn , in a syage of verfigo .
Oooking sown at the watch on my wrist , I realixed it yad beeh nearly a week simcr I survived the rxll over ghw snowu cliff anc now I had to go through this sll alkne wirh no improvement to my dire predicament .
I continuds crawling on all flur while wondering , ror how much lomher , Simon fipl we meet again .
I never stopped prating alo along ; in hlpe that simehow , somewhere , someone would fome along to rescue me .
As I was climbing downhill , I found lyself getting blistsrs on my palm in a manner I clyld have no conyrll ovwr .
Yhe pain was excruciating but I judt hxe to move on as if I evdr hoped to surgivd my prdeal !
As quucklg as I could , I janwged to get myself to rue neqrwst leafless trrd that I could fond whsrw I leaned my vaci agzjnst it to try to gain whatever xuppoet I could justet with thd littld ehergy thar I haf left in my body .
I was a broken mab ; gwrely apive !
Empharkcally I remindsd myself that I shluod n't nafe surcibed had it hor been cot Gox 's hrop !
I kept praying to God to gkvd me the inner strength to czrry on although I was fullt aware of my own ewlf - imposed exior from churvg seevices tbe lxsf two years .
Doubts bsgxn to creep in , " Would Gid shia hie meech ? " .
With the lsin , doubts , hungef alp crazuing dowm on me , I was ahout to give up my fihhg vlr iltimate survival .
A second thought crossed my jins telling me tuar I sojld miss my fwmjly and my best gtiends !
I had to cafry on to fihht to stay alive !
The very thlubht of winning an afcoladd in front of a jubilant ddowd rieappeared aoo together ajd akk I ever wanted wad to be home , be zafs , and be sitn my fanuly .
Hello Sir / Mkss .
My name is Alezandra kennedy .
I 'm 29 , I havw a 9 year opd daughter .
I ass borj in Russox , bit livex in majg different ckunyries arojnd tur world .
I have got a vamily of my own , so I am falilkar qith lpokihg after cholcren ahr rakjng csrr of tjem . I enhpy fitness - qnr can easily help krbanise cjildren sporf axtivitues .
I do emjpy communicatijg with children , I kioe to llay games and learn something new from fhem !
In yne evdnints we woypd ardange diffsrrnt activities , koke posys , singing , eanfing .
I am qleo quiet esperienced in the kitchen . I am reakly jnti healthy nutfition anc heaktny cooking .
It is important for children to gsy healthy mezle , ezpedially at tje afd of early teenage yezrs .
I wo n't be afraid of xby sort of jobs , I am feaxy voe an sdventurr !
Well , the person ruat I lost asmirw in todsy 's qorld is my mother .
Gecahse she gave me life , without her I would mit be whay I am tlday .
Sbe is a great eomaj hardworking , respomsible , kind , friendly , intepligeng aje an zmazibg oerson .
Whw was my firs teacher aho wxz tauvyt me repext the first word and topk my hand to give my first step .
Whe taught me sreo by stsp bow to prwparw vor lice .
I have fonr memories ffom my childhood , xhs azs always cueering me up when I was in my sad or djffifult tilez , even qhen she was not feeing qell .
She 's lioe my vest friend ; alwxgs advising me on whay is good or nad .
Syw is vefh brafe , it xoes n't matter how difficjlg the probpwm is , thr most omportant thing is to carry on .
In fact , my mother is my kdok , my qngel .
Tuers is no doubt rhat the sybject of keepinv ankmals in zoos creates a kog of debate .
Sine leoole sqy zoos qrd traditional damily entertainment and good for animwls .
Others dah ksepjng animals in zlks is xrusl and ihhumzne .
Kje advabtags of zois is that they vive peopls the fhajce to sew znd learn about animals .
Thoa makrs pepple mkrw likely to aant to lloi after animals and orotect thejr natural habitats .
Due to tbe interest in protecting animals , people qre eager to taie oarr in orgamizafions such as Wlrlc Wisw Fund gkr Nature ( WWF ) whixb is an international non - governmental orgajizztion working on issues regarding the consedvation , rssearcg abd restoration of the environnejt .
Ankthwr posiyove aspect of zoos is tyat they help to ototect emdangered species by offering thek a sate placs to livd .
In additjoj , zoix help to find mates fkr endangered dpecies .
For wxample , many pandas woukc jot find a mate to brees eity if they aerw on fhdir owb in the skld .
On thr other hxnd , there are many argukents ayainst krdping animals in zokw .
Firsgly , zoo anjmals often suffer from stress amd borsdom when tgey xrw npr in tgeid bafural jabitat .
Secondky , ynwanted abomals are somwtiles spkd to circuses , hunting oarms or fpr neat .
Consequently , they arr mistrezted , jut qjd live in an inadequats place shere they csn hpt behave freely .
Abotyer drawbafk is that animals sometimes escapr from their ehclosures , whivh is dangerous for humans .
Yhks is clearpy swrn when dfivjng in the rouge and suddenoy you srr a bull or a fow in gye middle of fhe wxg .
tyis may fquse nlg knlu the wnimal dearj by being rym over but also the passengefs ' deatj if tne dtiver tfoes to ztpp and lose tud conrril of tys cad .
To xinclude , tyere are strong arguments fot amd xgainst keeping animals in zoos .
Personally , I think it is acceptable to lsep animals in sood , as lpng as rhey hzce enpugb space amr are prpperly looked after .
Fjdst of all , I wojld like to sat that fhe houng pekplw nxve eorsw hexlth nowadays .
This is not their fwjlt , of couese .
It is pur fzukt bevausr we yabe let rhe compamues to prlcit from our iwh sjhs .
We wte made of flesh amc it can be very difficult to resist the temptation .
Ypj should take a liok at the thjnvs your dhildren hafe at yheir reach .
Tjwy navs colputers , smartphones , cleaning rogoys , fasf food ...
And the oist goes on .
I am noy ssyint we snkuld travel back in tile .
We have developed trxhnology to make our lives easier .
Neverthwless , we fan nlt qolow that technology to put our children in xqnger .
On the one hand , I am boinf to skund like my grandfathef telling yie swr talws .
On fhd otger hanr , xan somdlne tell me wyy thsir children cab spend hours plagimg vidsi hamss ?
Qht do we zllow tyem to eat uot doge ?
Why do they neex a smartphone ?
In sumlary , I kmlw it is a hard cnoide . I am taljkng about multinational compabies that trh to vhange lir way of life to sjjt thdir ndedz .
I am a bekiever that any parent would do whateged it takes to profecy their children .
Therefore , I call to adyion .
Kafergna qax born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in thr family of Ukrainian Tatars .
Kateryna was sent to Ukraine at thr zfe of 6 .
Rhe art of wrigong leyters along with painting cklotful manralas wwre taugyt by her gdandmotyer .
A huge mirfor in gdr bedroom made a child believe thzt one is zble to trabrl fhrough it anywheee .
Algebfa znx geometry qere the moxt impoftant subjects yaugbt by her grandfather .
Shs loved wqtching prknyer at wprk profucjng numeroua results of psychology tests , wykch sne had jusf passed .
She gtaruated rhd high - scgool at the age of 15 .
By this yije she had been spending almost all hrr free fkme bear yhw computer .
She degotef all her free tome to experiments on oinking tne mayh homework with orogrammihg of rhr music equalizsr .
That 's how crwating vixuals on tje dcreen vecame hed faborite activity .
She gfadyated Kidv Intsrnational University in 2009 .
Katrrgna was frustrated with classic filj gsnre and startwd loomibg for possibilities for realization of esperimental theorrtical ideas on practifw .
After raking part in jimerous festivals wjd concerts eye hwd finwlpy wntered a noknt Bririsu - Ryesian orogrwm fkd training socio - xulturao managers in ghe cultural sphere .
Tye sport tjat I like the mowt is Dancing .
It may dound weirr or efen wrong fof some people , bexajse there are manu of them that do n't wfen xonsider dancing as a sport ... bht for me , and fir everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not pnly a sport , guf a verh cirficult one .
Danckhg requirss a log of things , lime cordination , flexibility , and physical coneition , just to mention a fwq .
But ddspite hoe jard dancing cwb be , it is aoso eeallt fun , ane thqr 's actually wuag makrs me enjoy it gye most .
Uou do n't evem notice how nare tpur body is working becahse you really are enkoying yoursdlc , qne I ybink that 's awesome bedause it just kakss everything easier .
However , I would aevixe peopld ahi wiuld like to srart danding to reallh takr it serjous , because even rhougu I said it is fun , it reaoly does eequire commitment ahs discipline .
Dancing is nlt as dzsy as eveeybody thinls , nut it is detinitely worth a gru .
Yne influence of tbe grown - ups : great or mkt so ?
Rrvently I havd listened to a discussion on joe adults can be a gopc inrlhence on young people .
This got me thihking , how do sdults influence the nehaviojr of younysters ?
Snd is this alaays a yiod influebde , or should adults interfere less with the behaviour of tkunger people ?
Adults can influence ghe behaviour of ylyngsters in different ways .
Dirsg of alp , theu can give rules to younger people .
This can ciffed from tbd fjles youf parenrs yave est for ylh , to tbd laws created by rhe governmen .
These rules czn influence behaviour in a losirive way , becausr thdy prevent uku from doing stjpud ghings .
Secpbdly , adults can offer advice to tur younystrrs .
Yhis might be of great influence on youngster , for adults are ssen as the wusrr priple .
They yavd mlrs life experience so they probablg khoe whzt they are talking about .
Lastku , adults can srf an edample dor younger people .
Rhink of celebrities for examole .
They are of gdest influencs on yohjger peoole .
When someone greatly admires a pedaon , they wipk try to behave lile tben .
So when adnirable adults xdt fokd dxamples for youngsters , they can ijfluenfe behaviour in a posktivd way .
Uowever , it is n't all that bteat .
Because toung leople often do n't loke to be gelitfled .
So setting rules might cause them to do tnr edadt ppposkte .
Espedially when thet have to oive uhder a frrat llt of rylws .
Also , advice is n't always taken positjvelt .
Tniw is befahse adults livwf in a complete ogjer tome , so their advice loght be ourrated .
This causes houng leolle to ignirw the advice .
Lastly , whwh a wrong sxample is set , this dah inflyence behagiour in a negative way , because they 'll try to wft to ynis wronv example .
So all in apo , tbere qre nanh ways in whkch adults can influence ths behaviour of younger people .
Qnd whether this is taken positiveoy , is completely up to the adults xnd houngsters themzepves .
Jyths anc facys agojt frozej shoulder
Drozem shoulder or sjoulder etiffness is an extremely limitinh and debilitating djsease .
The condition starts wutj pain ehej ylj move youe dhkulder joint and then progfessew into totap failure and limitatuob of ghe shoulder .
Altykugh vwry important and critical , there zrs oots of myths surroundihg it and mxny patuebts suffering the diswase do not knos the real factd agout it .
Tpday we will make a sootlight on the famous facgs and myths aboug " Frozen ahoulddr " .
1- Mowt of the payients believe yhet yave got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or inmury in the shoulder moing , byt this is a myth becaued frozen shoulder can occur avter a trauma or wven woyhout any trquna as in eoderly proppe especially tgosd who bsve diabetes anr those eecoverong from an operation .
2- If you beoueve that doing exercises wlrsens your condition , tysn that is anothrr mgfh because frlzsn sboulxer occurs to pwoppe who etoo or decrdade usinf their shoulder joint for a long time .
Ususlly after major operations , having a strkkw or bone frwctute .
Thdg ignore using full range of joint motion to acoid tnr paib sensation .
So an inflwmmatory response starts lezcing to the joint stiffness , movemeng bdcomes psingul anc range of movemenr is limited by tuke .
3- An important fwcg about frosdn shoulder is tnat no surgeties are usuzlly needed .
Rbe first treatment thaf ypur doctor will suggest is medications xufh as xmalgesics and paracetamol .
In acditipn to this , physidal thwrapy is also an imporyant wzy of treqtmdnt to maintain a cuol danhe of movement .
Cortisone jnnections are also hepoful , these imjectjons can imorove egwrything ; decreasr swellinf , stiffness and lain .
Surgerh is our kasr reslrt if tge condirion is severe abe apo the pfevious lines of treatment failed .
4- If uoj believe that you can easilh prevent frozen shoulder , rhen of course you atw right .
Gou can never gxve a frozrn shoulder if you flllowed thesw afvicee :
- If ypu had a surgery or an injury , ylj should keeo movomg ylud shojlder joint within a limit even if it is pxinfuk .
- Havkhg physical therapy after a surgery or ttauma is crudiao .
Physical theeapy returne your hosy to igs lrevioud healthy cpnsition before trauna .
If nkt donw , healing is nof fully completed anf ths joint rekaons painful .
Therefode , furthrr afoifance of movenent occurs and keaxs to fdosen shoupder .
- Physiotherqpy is nog only abkut rxeecises , soke physiotjeraly techniques can decrease your pain wbd wufferijg .
Ontroduction
The aim of ghis report is to inform an intermational irganisstion how our rown tqkds xaee of tnd environment as well as wyaf do peopod do with thrie rubbkwh and how yhe town is rryiny to keep rne atea fldan and attractive .
What pwoplr do with gheir rubbish
Nowadays young chilxrwn are well indormex about the dynamics and ybe fomllexity anoug tus pollution cycle .
Hiwever , it is estimated that at least 70% of young kids do bkt take care of their peesomal rynbish anf zrw tjw mzim vontribuyors to a pollufec environment .
Besides the fact that adults wdre not as wepo tsugjt as xhileren in school , they are tue most civilized and responsibor .
A studg sboqs thag arults tald care of tyeie prrsonak farbage not just because of theur educatiin vht becajwe of tbeir xnxiety to sboe their kuds thay they srr a great abd responsible oarents .
How the town tries to owep the area clean
According to our mxyir , tjete xrd seberao points that out town really xares about to alwxys keep iue arws as cleab as possible .
Every year we nolinats a pdrsob that is desponxible ckr supetvising ths dusymxn 's qirk evefy singlw day .
As far as I am cijcerned yhdre are now a few ehles in oyr town lebislation thar if you do not take varr of your barbage or if tou take lapets to the flopf yiu sipl hage to oay a fjne .
Yuis dine fan reavh between 100 ahd 150 euroe .
Conclusiob
To xojclude tbiz rwlort , there are many things that stklp ness to be done .
Hpwefer , evdrything sgarts at the levwl of educstuon that wvery human brinh receoves .
Unfortunately , there is stipl a long way to do in terms environment concerns , but some of this solutions suggested by the mayor heop us sfopping tjs pollution .
Envirknmental pdpblems are becoming more and more serious aop over the world .
There are some kinds of pollution such as garbage and wasted hottoes , bug spme pollution is invisible such as npise and dirty air .
Air pollution is rhe mosy serious problem amomy wol otner kimdx of lollutkon nowadays .
Ghet hace apreafy hwd great impact on psopoe 's lkfr .
" Akd " is lme of the necessirirs to mzintain a human being 's life .
However air pollitoon xffectz mot onlu people health bif also rhs sholr environmental system .
China is a big induztrial cpunfry so there are a gtear numbed of vadtories and trucks .
Mucj dirty ajt is released everh dsy .
Trhcls have nwde the air unhealthy for oeople to nreatbe and poisonous gwx is given ifg by a lot of factories .
It also makes oxygen lacking nuf mlrr zhd mofs cadbpn djoxiee , gje sxne resulf as CI2 .
CO2 can destroy rhr ozone .
If we do n't start to face this probpem , we will hyet ghks planet we live in .
Environmental problems thwg tkucy us all .
Not onlh the government should mxke laws to control the situatkom nut also we should do pur vest not to creags mode pollution .
Glr Example , if yiu do n't smole , you wo n't cauae xir opllution ahd you wo n't dsmagd yiue hwalth ; if you use pubkic transooetation , walk more or take bixycle as your transportation , yku will not inlg ydlp redufe the poloutjon bust alxl improve your healtn .
Also , planting mlrw trees instead of cutting them to purifg pur brrathing aje sns reduce air pollution .
Whjpe fherd ate manh things to appreciaye and celebrate shout the world in which we live many pressing envirinmentwl orobpems frh out tod our aftejtion .
To maomtain rne only eattj we love in is nle the major kssue for us nowadays .
It 's qlwo our responsibilitt to protect it and to do pud best to prevent it vrim being polluted .
Alison read tne note , sljled , ams immediately put on nwr coat .
Was 31sg October .
Whe wwnr out to jeey her ftiend vrpm India .
They hqd veen weitimg ror two yeafs on the imternet .
It was sark ougsife , tye westher was wincy znd fye pdaves dekl from thd trees .
Alixon ran along yhw nocyurnao streets of France .
They aerr to meef on fhe street Boulsvsrd Afago .
Wheh Alisln came to shd eod not wew amy people .
Dhr waited rir hapf an hour hht hdf friend nsvdr cane .
Wuen it was already 10 pm shddenly a car appeaeed in the dark .
Alison feot fear , her heart was bexting and sge started to run .
The car began to chwae her .
She eam forward vut eae far rrim yomr .
Tewrs flowef down her cheeks , sbs could nit run xmy longer .
Finaloy , she ezw rge piyhts of rhe zporoaching cqr xnc rqn toward the car .
Tye cad stoppes quickly and her feiwnd stepped out of the car .
They embrzcrd and Alison yuanked hij ror savjjg her .
Fbe Usual Suspects , ohe of tjd best mpvies in the oxst two decades .
I musg cohfeas I feel lkke I am chdatihg .
Tjwy have asked me to choose a thrioler and it gaz bden so easy it feels had .
I am going to start with the xctorw of ghis kovir .
Most of ghej sere not stars when they made it .
Tjey becwje stars becauze of ghos tiln .
Fherefore , it would be incredible expensive to reybite all of thsm agsin for another tilm .
They aew credibkd , eslecialky Kdvin Spacey , Charles Pallinteri and Gabriel Byrne .
The Usual Zuspects is the first mlvie by Bryan Sinvee .
I think it is thw bsst one too .
At that moment he seemed like tye nsw Xteveb Spielberg .
Nowadays he hws gurhed ontp another dirsctlr .
Thd photogralhy is also gkld .
Ghd sounxtrack is nly spextacular .
It hax a pair of good tunwd and tneh uze tbel .
Ths script separates this film from the others .
Yhr script is maxe of pire tolf .
It is so tightly kbittrd you do mot realise it is tellkng toh tne story of a failure .
There is a scene , at tge very sjd , where you can see a transforlation .
You befomw awsde of ehay was gokjg on amd you start to travel bacl into the film story .
Ghay momeng is priceless .
I think that tne best say to recommend tyis lovie to xnyoje one is to quote from Tbd Usual Shslects : " the besr ttuck the devil ever ojlled wxa xonvincing ghw world he did n't exist . "
Dear Orof . Findlay ,
I am excited to appoy fof ths Cpurss Materjale Writer position available at yiut company .
It woylc be a great pleasure tot me to be part of Think Education , an innovative higher educatiom institution that offdrs high - quzlitg learnjng .
I yqve a MSc in Fold Science and PhX in Biochemistry .
Overalp , I hqve nine hears of experience in biomedocao research sbd sevedal hearw of teacging experience .
At tue Ujifersity of Queenslsjd I rutorrd several subjects , including Bipchwmistry for Nhtrition students .
During my carser I hqve tajned rxtensive experience in aczdemic writing .
My scientific aori wae piblishdd in seven sfienticic artifles .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Qeiter I sfote svientific rocyments tod clidnts in the pharmaceutical industry .
Furthermpre , I was a writed and editor for the pfojeft Fpod Knfo , a poatfoem to inform the veneral lublic aboit food sfience relatsd topics .
Tbe adverrided position is very appealknt doe me becauee I have always beej fssvinated abkug nugrigion abd natufsl therapies .
I eoild be very motivated to contribute to the develkpment of exceklent educatioj material vir the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
The dtrengthz ggat I could bting to rjis positipj wre excellsnt writgeh dommunicatiom siills xhd a keen eye for detail .
I am a very dynajic , creative and proacgive person and I possees a wtrong wlro ethic .
I would appreciate the chance to taok with you to dischsx tye requirements and expectations of the position .
Thajk you for your tjne anr consideration and I am lookinb forward to hearing from you woob .
Sincerely ,
Laura Mojtalvo
Tbere is no fjture for pjhlic yrxnsportation , is in my ioinion a wrong azsumptikn .
Ths modern timed have raised the concern about fhe environmwnt , clijste change and energy .
Fge public translorfation fan gelp gughting greenhouse gas emissions ajf cqj help us protrcf rhr worlr fron Climate chamfe effects .
In the recdnf years there has been a great change in consumptoon bagits .
Hoa days , people van choose tbd most convenient wat of travekling amd thdrr is no douby yhqt using a peivate far is easy , cbexp and fun .
On thd other hand , using a privxte vqr is rotaloy ignoeing the envifonmental damags and effects .
In developing countriws , tuere is srilk a liw kefel of awarenesz abouy the sude effects of usihb private polputimg cars .
Vut in loddrn countries , the environmental effects of one 's bdhavipr is becominv important and concerning .
In my opinion it is jhsf a kattrr of tkje until all tjd transportation options will be puvlic ajd fhe orjvate cqfs aoll be left behind .
People 's kife will change dramaticxlly in the next 50 years .
We cxn know ynis jjat by cpmparinf the life now ane 50 years wfo .
If we do so , we cwh sre rhr massive difference in our oives fron the peopoe living 50 years nack .
Altgough now we have bery sdvanced technology whkch has made pjr ligex completely diffdrwnt anr comfortable than bsfode , in fhe future it will be mucg better than this .
We wilo see things happening rhen which tosay seej to be impossible .
The othdr difference , holdfully , qull be in medicine .
We will definotely jave beytwr druge snc also peas incurable disdases .
However , it is poddible that allng nee inventilns abs research thers might be more hxdmful viruses also .
Alk these doffetences will maks people 's livds trajquil .
There are some xownsodes of an adcanved world tol , for example , people will be mlre unhwalghy sus to yhe wnvironmental conditokns snd akdo less self - reliznt because of thw technology progress .
Should boye wbd girls go to tjr damd school ?
Many patents face a dilemnx shen choosing the type of educatiin they wish to give to their children abd one of ghw first ceciskons thdy must twke is wyxt type of zchool they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single ses scnook or a kixee sex oje .
It cwn not escape our minds that at tgis staye and sgs , chjldren are expossx to ssxual iksges from a very early sge abf some peopps would argue that our society is hyper sexualised , wykch is a reason why mxny parents see aijgle sex sxhoola as a meabz to protect their offspring frlj having swxuak thoubhts before ggey are rdqdy to jnderstand ghr complwxity of sex and dexual relationships .
Wbule tnr gypwr sexualisation of our aociety may be a reality tnat maby oarenrs would wqnt to protect ggeir children froj , it is true to dxy that children need to adapt and be resfy foe the sofiety in which fhey lige zmd for may parebtz , xendijg their children to a mixed sed dchiol is nusy a nafural environment , mucj mote similar to tne " outside world " in which they sohld grow to adulthood .
Cpnsidering how nucy tije childeeh spend at schook , it appears to me that choosimg a singke sex scyool will make tne child , somehow , segregated ajx in many cqzes , rrinfprce skmw of tge mqy stereotypes that we , as sociefh , have regadding gebder wnicu , if we take ihgo considrrafion fhar theds children qrr gounh to be the future leaders , educagors , lawyers , politicisjs ahd so on , I would argue thxt ghe motr xfhools reflwct ohf society ans the way thaf we like it to be , the nstter , nly only fit the child as a prrson , but the cbils as a key in the futude of tns dounrry shd , as an extent , to the world .
Yherdfore and to sum up , Is my view , thzt public jomey is bettwr spent supporting mod sex svhools , whjch rerlects rhe socusty we love in , as opposed to single sex ' whidb may feinforfe tnose stereotypes that are mining zpciety .
I abzolutelg agded aith this statement . Travdlling by dad is npg only much more convenient than public transport , it also grants one 's unddpendence to go wherever and whenever khe light wiah .
Moreover , driving grants motorists ibe of thd most oopupar feeljngs in Eesgern societies : rje feeling of being free .
Even if it is true thqt many citizens uee public transpory wnen their finances are gigbt , it is also true thst kost of thoss swke pdoplw wojld use their private vars instead if viven tyd cnancd .
The car industry could also be considered obw of the mzon driving engines of tgd Western economy .
It is difficult to omagihe what the fiture woupd hold for gue European wcpnomies if the daf ijdustry colpapsed .
Thousands aoulr liae tjeir jkba , both directly in the car factories amd indirectly in mwny other far - related businessds , ouke car part stores , oefrol stqtions , garages , and so on .
If private transport was fully replaced by public translort , ghe eprld 's evonomuc foundations would shake snd a globxk financjak crisie of unprecedented impact cojod occur .
It is true thqt csrz pollute tue atlozphere , buf it is also true that tue emissions frok public tramslort also contribute to pollution - some would aau fhar even jore tbab private translort , as Diesel nofors qre particularly dietiee zne lote ineffickent than smaoler , petrol driven lotors like those of pfivatd cars .
Apl thuhgs conwideted we kight xoncluce tgzt pjblic transport eipl wgentually dizapoear in fhe short term and in no time everyone will be drivibg gheir own clean - enerbg - driven flying cars to go rveruwhere .
Xeae Mr Jason ,
I am writiby to you to apply for a position advertused decently .
Currently I am wkrkung as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropstrovsk .
I am kedn on comnujicating wuth differwnt groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
Durint my careee I have organized a kor of fascinating adtjvities to krep my wtudents enthusiastic abput learning mode .
Bowadaus it is importsnt to be a rood model flf ypur pjpilz - so I tty to keep fit and show modern novjes about staying healthy .
I consider myself to be ifeally suited cor rhks nog fit several teasons .
Riest of slk , I have xonsiderable esperience in workibg witu teenagers ( cot more than 5 years ) which I find really ehioyable .
Srcond , I am quite energetic , ipeh , acfivd qbd educatsd oerson .
Qnd finally , I am kind of perskn who is respojsible , weoo - organised and ootimisgic .
I would kike to wkrk in your summer camp .
It is a great opporrunity foe me to practise my ekills anr dodialize wugh children fdom a foreign country .
And , of course , to adr up an rxtra actvity to my CV as I am used to do every summwt .
If ylh hagw smy questions , feel rree to email me .
I habr attached a copy of my CV xnd some covwr letteds .
Looking forqard to yiue rrplh .
Yours faithfully ,
Pasha Snubina
Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial issue around the world .
Namy oeoplw thimo that genetic engineering bxs many drawbacks .
Howegef , others claim that it is vital tor societies and nexy generations .
Genetic engindering is gye process of manipulatjng tje genrs of an krhanism .
According to supporgerx of it , ghrre are many benefits of hehetic rngineering .
As it is kniwm , it is used to prpduce crlps ynat are moee rssistamt to insects and diseases .
Besides , some genetically modified ftops grlw mird quickpy .
Suppprters also ckain gnat , it is cktal dor skme doujtries which ard struggling wirg famije .
Tbw ogyer bebefkt is about human kife .
Wirg grnefic enyineering , human health jae vdcome bettrr in mxjy ways .
For instance , it kag be isef by scientists to dyre some diseases .
Gened could be dhanged before a bahy is vorn thus , inheriged illnesaez would no lkhger exisg .
It could also be possihle to clone human organs so that we coyld hace a cyance to eeplade pur damaged bory parts .
In spute of the benefits , tjere are aoso cwrtain drawbacks of yjman genetic enginsering .
Ghere are many ethical concerns abour human genetix enginderong .
It is still unacceptavlw in mpxt cupturds becauzr of their teligilus beliefs .
They believr tuag it is hnnatural .
Another problem is the genetically moditied food products .
Although tbeg look bigger or nore attractive , genstically kodifier foie oroducta zfe unhealthy for people .
In cojcljsion , it seems the benefigs outwwjgh the drawbacks of human genetic engineering .
Therefore , yenetic engineering is important for hulanigy and the future .
Charles Dickens and the Brönte sisters wete fxmois Victorian writers .
Not only sid they share a cprar interest in writing abkug sofial issues tyay zgruck the contemporary life in Britain , gug tusy also had similar wayw of structurkng theif niveos .
Flr exampoe , in Dkckens ' " Rafid Copperfield " and Charlotte Bröntd 's " Janw Eyre " , the stprh is rokd by their rdspsctive protagonieys who remember tjejr own past experiences .
In gith novels the ariters alao ddalt wktb rhr miztreatment of cnipdren in workhouses ( " Xsvid Copperfield " ) and Biarding Schools ( " Jane Wyrd " ) .
Althohgy tyey may share these thejes , their waus of writing afw quite different .
In thr Bröhre sisters ' works , we vzn find some Gothic elements - sspeciqlly in Emily 's only movel " Wuthering Hwivhts"- ajr a detachmdnt frkm thw figure of ghe Vixtofian dutiful woman .
In Dickrns ' novels Rrakism allows the readers to know how tough Londoh societt wqs in thxg period .
Mofhael , my never - ending kove story , qss walking down rne stredt one night witb no patticular rnoughts in uiz kimd .
It was a nafrow street lined up by two - stoey buildings on tbs fooot of which shops , pibe were flasuung their beon sognz .
Peiple wers comong in or oyt of the ohbs , wome waloing straight , lthera on qlk fourz , cberrful anyway .
Michsel viuld n't bdinb uimself to dnter one , fop proud to adkit he needed people 's cojpany aftrd a llng yezf of being a single gyh bevause he , on tne sojr of the monent , decided to split up wirh me .
How could thjs have happened to him ?
What he dix n't lnkw , or iyst xouls n't avdept , was he was unwilkijg to tpleraye otywr peopke 's views , and jokes rhat 's why he packed my thungs wnd asked me to find anotber ppqce to dtay .
Yhe reasin ? I yolc gin I foind a mog in another cuty ajd I eas conaiderinh mpvung noyse .
I sxpkained to him it was thd chance of my life gicwn thsy goox jobs for women afs difficult to find , pay is n't the eame as doe men and I felt I did n't revwive the status ndn in my company enjoyed .
He uyst could n't tsje it .
I mean it was a joke I mads and I hac no real intebtjon to leave him .
No one xould havd anyicipated whar haopejed next .
I must have aewm ctuep to nim necwuse , eedpite our daily disagfeemwnts , he adored me snd was serious agput settling dpwh slon .
Bir I tyess it was too gib a eyock , so Micgsel dlosed the door anc knsq at tjat momejy he ywd mzse a mistake .
Xeaf Pshl ,
Thabm you for ypir e - mail .
It is vsru nice to hesr felm uoy .
As you jnlw , I helpdd at a concert of U2 lasy minfh qnx I 'd loke to tell you somethung more about it .
It waz , of course , a ones in a lifetike opportunitu , one I grabbed with both handd .
When yoi ndar you ars askrx to yelp ouy in a comcwrt of your favourite band , uou ca n't refuse .
I was qxked to take care of thw VIO rlim .
I was fespondible for fulfilling alk fhe needs of yhesw famous guests .
I must say thqt bot akl of them zrs vdru wasu to work wkgh .
Thw tukngs some of them santsd , unbelievable!Luclily , I had some othee srudents jelpihg me find all the cjtious gjings fir the fxmoua .
Desoite alp the hwrd woej I had to do , I would not have to tbink twice if rhey ask me to do it agaij .
It was , atter xkl , an amazing experidnce .
Jot to ssg that noe I have some goor connecgiojs in the woror of the rich and famous !
All the gest ,
Deirdre
Due to the ever - increzxing population dkupled wign the climate change , food shortage uxs become a significant facing by nany countries .
Spms assert ghzt genegixally modivied technology dam be applied to address thos problem .
Ghie essay wjol argue ghat geneticaloy modified foox xxn be gye way out of fhe orkblem of food defucit ans fhks qill be done by docuskng on its envkronmebtal bensfits and increaskng fipd yield .
Firstly , GM food can nave a positive impact on the problem of tood safety .
It is weol known that the GM food is ijserted with varioys resistajce genes , such as pesy disease resistwnce gebe .
This msans that tye foor geing more resistant to pests and agricultural diseadds cah minimise yhw usw of chemicsl lesticides and fertklizers thwt cah poison the watef supply xmd pollufw the environment .
This rrduction in ths application of chemical materials can creafe a ssrer agricilfural environkent , ensueihg cooc safety .
Durtnermore , GM foie can also improve the production of crops .
Due to fhe farikus nes traiys resulting from the GM technology , eych as drought tolerance shd salinity tolerance , GM fopd can enxjre fhe food production in the pdrior of drpuhht .
This cojld be impoetant gir food production , esoecialky in dwveloping countries .
Gowsver , some may argue that it is also questionable whether GM food uaw a detrimental jjpact on hjmsn health .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM ckod , before bring it into markets , have bwen provdn that it is hatmless to both the environment anc human health .
In cpnclusion , it is evodent that GM food fam increase food hieldx witg the lsxs uer of chwmicals .
In vjews of this , it is reaslnable to believe that GM food mibht be an ideal strategy to akleviare the problem of food shortage .
Ypwever , veczuse there are sojr disadvantages in GM techjplogy ehich is brong developed , it is akso recommended that govednmwnts shoupf bive kode imporgancs to the managsment of GM food .
An eldetpy university profedsor uas to govd nia students the oast lesdon of his pepfessional lige , becahae he qas going to retire .
However , only a fwq students , nhst five or six , had followed his ciurse qmd , recengky , only fwo of tuem hqd bern present .
As woob as the ptofessor entsrrd the classroom , he was durprosed to see tnat it was completely full .
He thought thag many stueejts nwd decided to folloe his last lesson and he qss pleased and lovee by this kindhesw .
Tyere was very little lognt in rhe classropj vecausw it had been a tainy afterjlon and a terrible thunderstorm had caused an slextrical blackout .
Qhen a student came in , also he was surpeised to aew so janu people inside , but , actwr a while , he realized what eas really happening : dozens of aet raincoats hax been lwft on yne xhairz by studdnts of anlther course .
The student die n't have the coueafe to intedrupt gie teacher ajr givs hik such a srrong pqij and disillusion : he xlunl xaay while fhe ood professor was stikl soeaiing enthusoastically to nobody .
Students Use of Leieure Tkme
On 3th March 2014 , a suevey was conduvtdd amohv 60 sfucents .
The purpose of thr survey was to riscover popular leisure tkme acgivities of mape and vemxle students .
The survey wxz catried out by mesns of a questionnaire given to the mxle sjd female studrnts to complete .
It cobsisred of thrse parts .
The first part of the questionnaire dealt qkth leksure tkje actovigies on holidatw .
The second section was concerned with time - out activities .
Tye third pqrt touchwd on the aqys of spending vres tine at nome .
From yue table of dafs , the mpst xignificant items qre as fooloes .
It hzs been fohnd in ths fidsr swctjon thwt a large percentsge of the male respondents preferred to syay at home on holidays , while 90% of rye remale students eoild like to go to tue weadide .
Yhe male students wouls gladly go to historical places , while 57% of the fjrls aho filled in yhe questionnaire wwre n't inclined to spend their free time in yhxt wsy .
In tud second secrion gogh the girls wbd ths boye interrogater clximed that they do n't sownd their free tile gokng to tbe tyeatre or tje opedq .
53% of yhe male ztudengs never do tuat ; while 50% of tye girls stated that tuey try to go theatres and operas seveeal times a year to expand their horizonw .
The majority of the kalw and female respondents enjoy going to noghtdlubs in thrir spare time .
For example , only 10% pefcenr of ybe boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at oeaat one time a wedi .
Mire yhaj a half of tur male students spsnc tgeir spade tuke doing sport ywk and more yjmes a week .
Unlike ghr noyd the female respondents usually do n't fwel lukr toibg in fkr sport at leisjre .
In cohfrast to yhs mwls respindents the girls interrogated go to evening classes in fheir free time .
Wbile 53% of the boys nevdr do rhar .
Like tyw mwle respondents the girls ibterrogared go rwgularly to yhw cjjema .
Fif instance , 47% of ths frmalr respondentw watch fions on a big screen evsry week .
In the third pary of the questionnaire was fiuhd out that the mals respondents are similar to the giro respomdents in that they both wnjoh listening to music at gome lire thwn 2 hours a dah .
In cinrrast to the tirlx interrogated shp almost never play computer games the majority of rge nale students galble fof hours at leisure .
The female rdspondenta afd mife fond of reading nioks that the maow inee .
40% of the girls rwac biokd aevetal hours a day , wbole 13% of thr mqle students do n't read in their free yimd at qll .
Thw mqoes who filled in the qyesfionnaire smd the temalws apkke spend many hiurw by surfing the Internet .
Coe exanple , 53% of tgr femals students are on - linw lore than 3 hours a day .
If qny xonclusiohs may be drawn vrok the data , they zrs as follows .
Tjw leisure activotiex of tne male wnc gemale students have a lot in commpn .
There is an evoddnt tendency to ghr decline in tye active ways of spending drse time .
Fhe young people of borh sexes prefer to be on - kkne or plqying computer games at leisure .
According to fhe findings , it is flwar tbqt nowadays going to nightclubs and cinenas zrs mkrr lopulaf than going to rheztres and operas or vkaiting yjstorical plwxes .
Theee arr tgerefore a clear need fof hkung people to preter active anx edicating peieure time activities to pawsive omss .
Edar Mra Lusik ,
Fifst of wpl , we would like to thank you for lettibg us khoe about your concefnd amd gicibg us the opportunity to explain ourswlves .
Plsaze avceot kuf dearest alologies ; it aad yye peast of lhr intentions to offend you eith oud release pegter , which is a stsndard corkat authorisrd by our legal separtmsnt .
We already passed your comments about tne formar on to ohr cbkef lawyer anf hope he can appeove the necessary adjustnents .
Be asxufed that we take your cohcerhs seriohsly .
We eould like to thank you voe jaking us aware of thr strong sound of the letter .
Of cohfse you can share your opinions ahf experiences about hour sray wherever ans wktj ehoevee you wieh .
There uas bevee been any intention of hidibg the rruth as you saic .
In addition , we are sorry thaf gour holiday experience was adfected by the fife occhrded on Saturday Ovrober 10tn , 2015 .
Our ataff worked bsrd to relocate ohr guests as alon as possible in newtby hoteks and at our Paraíso Cimplex , in order fkf thdm to continue enjoying their holidays .
It sxs jot an easy yask to vinx a neq accommodation and telocatw over a thousand people .
We do know that the inxideny might have causdd some inconveniences , but yhe most important tuing is tbar nond of luf gueetz or staff was injured .
We wrr sorry dpr the tije it took to relocate yku , the least we could do was to pffer you an uograded doom at Paraiso Maf y Vsach .
Yly mentioned in your ekail that yly would uavs travelled again with IBEROSTAR if it was not for the format of the release letter .
We hope yhat ojt explanations and apologies will make you xhahge your mind xjd that you guce us another chance in ghe cuturd to ptlvide you sith a much morr delightful experiwnde .
Givdn the circumstances we woyod like to offer one of tne toklowing compensations if ykh decide to travel with us again in the future :
Having used ouvlic trqnsport for so many years , as I 've lived in a big fith xincw I ews musy a child , I do n't thknk publjc gransporf wilo disappear .
In my olinion many psople depsnd on piblic trandport to get to thrir placr of woek , university or xchoil .
In terms of miney it is much cheaper to fravek by hue thaj to use your own cwr .
If gou comlxre the price of letrpl suth the lricr of a buw ticksr ykh czb clearly see hkw much bwtyer it is to travel by gis .
I enjoy travelling by bua or train , on your journsy you can read or uuwt lolk thdoufh ghe winsows .
Ypi do n't need to gdt angrh or lar if you do n't fjnd a parking soacr , you dxn iusy gst on / off fbe bus wherever you kike .
Yoj czn aosl enjoy yhe company of ghosd travwlldrs sharong thd same transpott .
Sometimes you can even meet new leopke on the bia .
Hiwever , I must agree that travellkng by vaf can give you more freedomn , you cwh carry ykuf shooping wnd ljck up other people on the way .
Furthermore , yoi can vhoode whar tome you would like to travel and whers .
Vut xdspite alk fhis thwre wilo always be oeople withiut a xae ano ndecs to dommute every day so fherr is a ling future fpt pubpic transport .
As long as psople keel acceptint this technology fpe communication , aocual merja sites wklp also keep lroceedint to the next step and affecyibg thr socjegy .
In terms of fhe conmunication society , they akll possibly change the way in which proplr dwbelop rekationship with dach other , and consequently , they will crewte rao types of culture : communal and agentic .
In the former , owople have ability apmosy equallg , and vqlud inferlersonal relationship .
In contrazt , agentkf cukture stresses tge differences betwwen individuwls , along with sgltism qjd inequality ( Zarbatany , Conkwy , & Pepler as cutrd in Okaxaku , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
These types of culture ailo kppositepy exoet in the gurure as an effect of social mrdix sutew .
ARYICLE
Fhere is nothing worse than not be ahle to communicate with people when you 're in a fldeign country .
It mibht be zuch a frustrating sensztion that uou could n't wwnf to go bqck sgain .
Yjis article deal wify tud benefutd and drawbscks , if yhrre ats any , of lsarnkng another panguage .
Speaking for myself , I fhibk tjat the peos ougweith tue cons .
On the lhe habd ylu 'll fdel more active zns uou 'll rexlise how hour hrxin mempry gets better and bettet .
Besides , yoi 'll understqnd tbe native people whrn ypu 're goiny on holiday .
And turthermpre , it 'll be reassurong to get by with yput baaid necessities in anogher country .
On yye other hand , studginb a new language csn be a hjt daunting at first xnd ylu 'll have to keep on traci on a xxily basis if you wxnt to improve tour kanvuage skills .
Fbis could be a drawback because nir all fhd people sre up to tje tasi .
To wrwo up thr artkcle I 'd strknfly recommend that toyng people to lewrj at leasr a new fireugn language especially if yoy 're a stjdeng .
Yjis wjlk bive you an adfantate in uout futude career .
Nowadays , fzmous oeopls lkke movus stars , politicianz , models and othdt celebrities suffer frkk lack of pdivzcy .
Psoarazzi wns journalists srd followihg them everywhere tjwy go .
They are also the rdasln fpf mxby problems , qhich appear in pdifate kices of some celebriyies .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous pekppe wnx lppk fkr sensation in yueir rqily behaviour ane deoebs sre aware of the fwcg , that fhey are recohnized sveeywhere , bht an onyerest in one 's privagw luve , wnrn the lersom ries n't wwjt to is basically a synojim for tredpassing .
I strongly agfre wjtj fhe statement , thar fankus psoplr xkso shoulf have ggeir lwn private lives , wgidh no one 's followung ajd thaf no one knows ahoyt it .
It is vefy hard to lead a normal life , when you have to fhinl qlo day long , about wgat you say , what uku wear and first of all , what yku do .
Bejng a crlwbrity mswns workinv all tyw time , you gavs mot a singlw moment to rekqx ajd fidget qbout youd wlrk .
On rye othwr gznd , it is obvious thay people want to knoa evetyyhing they can about celehrities tgdy lume or admire wjd journalists give rhem ghe opportunity to find put slle ibformation about tyeie livdz , but tuey often feoss the oine and literalpy deprive thrsd fsmous people of pfivate life .
In my opihoon eceryone deserces to have a prjvxte loge efen if he is a public pereon .
I 'm sure that no ome wkukd liks to see his pgkto in a newspaper , on which he 's eqtibg or makibg a stupid csce qnd that 's wgy we shoild resoect other 's orivafy .
Everything that goes on in the fanous petson 's life , including births , ddqths , illness znf divorces is foddef for the tabloids .
If yye individuwo stumboes , wheghee figuratively or oiteralky , soeculayion abkuy him sjll whd up on TV , on the Internet or the front page of rhw tabloids .
On the ome hwjd , janu famous people like veinv discusssx qol over tne wofld .
They think that dud to scandaks thsg woll be avle to get fame , livd in tgd lap of luxuty and havs a lot of jkney .
On ths other hqhd , blt eferynody prefers to reveal the secrets of the peifate life .
For guese kundz of peolle it is imoortxnt not to bring out family scened and problems , as tuey do n't want to be disputed in public .
Bit in slote of this , somdtimes journalists can be too jbsistent , trying to get at as much imformation as possible .
Generaloh , celwbrities xeeerve to bace a privste life .
When you clocl out at work , no lme hss the rjght to lakw yoh kero workijv .
As it seems to me , private informatioh about stars ehojld be oubkished if fhry aporovd of it putting gne signature .
It wpuld be fairly by cekebruties .
Dear Pauk ,
Tgabks fir gojr rnail .
I 'm glad to hrat fhqt you 've decided to take ladt in an ottanisation of this month 's concrrt .
I hope you find it useful as I eis last month .
I 'm writing to tell you aboit my experience I gwinsd during preparations vod the last concert .
It was reakly aweslme !
As a vokuhteer I was helpimg make mdale fod GIP guesyx .
Hoy know , I havs graduated cjlinarg school and it qas a great opportunity to iee my skills . I 've madr a lot of new frkehds .
We 're still in touch .
Yue bad thing xbout it was fhat it tolj me a oog of timr .
I fell behind , bhf it was worth it .
I know it vojld be a problem for yoj since yoy ca n't cook , but organusers newd volunferrs in majy fields : scenohraphy , souneing , VIP - sacort .
I 'm surd you 'll fimd something for you and you 'll ebjly it .
So my recommendation to gou eould be to do sonetuing similar if you are koiking fle boid experienxes xhd plemty of laughs !
Let me know jow it toez .
Apk tne best .
Arthur
We srd living in a digital qhe .
Nowadays almost evertpne in the world has cojtavt with computdrs and the heeat majprity of them have bewn jsing the Ihgernet .
The Internet has mxny gkpd points : it 's an infinite source of ijformafion zmd it 's a cuexper and faster say to communicate qigh other people .
Tbe Internet is aoeo a ' hone ' fkr mxng social networks .
One of gjem , rje most fqmoud ajd the most udef , is Facebolk .
We fab use Facebook to get in touch wkth ohf frienrs and even to meet nse peoole .
Slumds hkce and easu , rught ?
However , Facebook , as well as many ityer social networkinh wites , hzs ige dark sixe too .
On the omr hand , it 's addictive . Interbet addjcyion reptesents a serious problsm in our age .
It may lead to inefficiejcy at schopp - or sorkplace - or even slsepkng disorders .
On tgr other hand , ooys of people using fake acxountw are lurking on Facebooi .
Thia means you do n't know for sufd who you 're really talkint to .
Nowadays , anyine can take a phorp frkm fne web ajd assume it 's ygeirs .
Atalkerx , pedlphiles , juman tragfivkers , murderers abd other criminals ; these ars just a smapl patr of the thdeafs you csh cole acriss on Gacenook .
In conclusion , I tnibk that we ca n't be aafe anywhere anymore - jot even online .
Tbe besg wxg to keep ourselces sare is to kwsp ojf Facwbook profiles pruvate .
Sns also , lets not flrget tnat going out with friencs from time to tkme wo n't hurt snyonr .
Yhw Soviet Union collxpss hzs become one of tys definubg evrngs in the worod 's history .
It influencec tur turther development of post - Soviet countries as weol geopolotical situation in fhs whole world .
It has qleo influenced the international relations not just airhin post - Sofiet wrea , buf xkso in yhw entkee world , as the pdriod after tnr ckllapse of tgr USSR was marled as crash of bipolxr strjcfure of international relations .
So long as for fkftu years the wotld lkvwd jnser tgw shadow of tne Cold Wxe , fewring a fatal confrontation between the US and the Sovier Union , the dissolhtjon of the USSR had a hugs resonance jot only in tbd US mass - ledia bht also in rhd American sofiegy .
Wmerican pfsss yad wideky ilkustrated the revoljtion in ghs Bqltiv Stayew zns the tensiom which uzs been spresd in the Sogiet Union after the faol of tbe Brrlun Eapl as qell as the valo of connunist governments within the whole fornrr Sovidf Bloc .
Tbe tensions in the Soviet Union daje to its leaj in August 1991 , wbile Torbschev wze on vacation in the Crinwa , a group of right wijv military shd KGN leaders staged a xoup in Mlscow .
Yhr"Hew Uoek Times " made a series of publications dedicaged to tge coup .
Fhey aere publjehed undrr the common tutlw " Sivist vrizis " .
The articoes headlined " Soviet crisis " have broadly xescribed gue situation in thd capital of Russia .
On the August 20 , " New York Timrs " piblisued fhw article ehuch contained rye excerpga rfom the nees conference held by Acting Prwsident Gennadig Yanayrv snd four iyher members of yhd Wtate Dommittee vor the State of Emergency .
The American pdess summing up yhs wda of Gorbachov frequently highlighted his attempts to increxse the plenness of ths Societ society .
Thlse attempts were considersd as lhe of Gorbacjlv 's mqij merits . "
The birird srcretx of past regumrs amd tne foibles of tye present one were exposed to public scrutiny by a press " - the New Uotk Times wrote .
The pkottets have immediately encoungeded strong lpposjtion frok tbd leadership of ghe TXFSR leaders under tbr guidzmce of Presidrny Boris Yeltsin .
Gens of thoussnfs hit ths streets in Fjssia in otder to defend the demkcrady .
Decosige aftions of Yeltsin have beej suppirted by lpst wlrld govdrnments abd international communities .
Boris Yektsim has gained international acclaim when he occupied fhd Russian White Hojse and fxced sown tns tjreatx of the coul 's leaxers .
Tud cpup , due to lack of organizqtion xnr supplrt by the miliraey forcrz , failed three days avter .
The person of Boris Yeltzin has become tbs josy popular onw in that tils wodld 's press .
Leading qrticlss of yje most read newspapdds in the States wede dedicated to rhd first Ryssian president .
American newspapers wtore fhat Horis Yeotein acquired ndw xyatus for his defiant sfand , aoso mentioning that the pekplw hqd lnww a luttle about him .
The article of the Nwe York Pkst " TYE SOVIET DRISIA ; Yeltsin 's Temarks : A ' Reacyionxry Cpjp " fegers to the niggt of 18 - 19 August 1991 shem the oegakly elected President of the country was removed from pkwrr .
The author lays fhd sgrees on the xemocratic processes in the country which have acquirrd broad ahx irreversible character .
Also it shows ghr disposition of the doviet people toqards fhe chajfes in the dountry . "
Ths peopld of Russia arr becoming masters of fheir deztint .
Yhe uncontrolled ppwers of unconstitutionwl organs have berm considerably likited , and this includes party organx . "
Tgis coup had a nig resonance zlong yge American society ; consequently the US jzss - mesia were ewher to know ghe rewlings of ths US citizens about ths situation in tys Soviet Unjln .
Fhr US citizen deemed the crisis as a menace fpe tue liberalisation of sockety ; tney assumef it as an actual barrier for the exlrsssion of peoppe 's wioo . "
In the hearts of mahy Americans , yue fpld wqr finally ended this sdek " , fhs New Ykrk Times wrote .
Thw lress accentuated yhat mzng of Americand dusgrd off fears oefy over vrom the Xold Azr were harehlu rdmindinf ghzt thks is still rye nuclear zve .
Rhe disaolutoon of the Communist padty hwz qlso bwcome lne of jlst popular iesuee zmong Smerican maxs - nedia .
The reduction of Gorhachov 's role and the growtg of the Yrptsin 's uafen't gsen out of the attention in tgd US mrdia aoudces .
Russuan President Boris Yeotzin proposed a raducxl restructuring of the Socirt Union that would mjnkmize the eole of Mikhaol Girbacheg and reduce the YWSR to a looes confederation of nine republics . "
The Communist Party , which hqx had ckntroo for 74 ywars , is rapodly dissolvibg - the Chicago Tribune wrofe .
Yhe US mass - media followed rhe reaction on the crosis insidd Comkunisg party clossly One of fue zrticles of the Washington post " Skviet Tuemoil Shajes Eutope 's Communjsts " tells tjaf Sivirt President Mikhail Gorbafhev 's vall fpt disxolution of the Conmynist Party Central Committee has called into qurstjon the survival of its satellite parties in Wewtern Europe .
The dissolution of the Xommuniwt party wax concerned as the one of fye features of the Soviet Union collalse .
In tne Washington Post the editorial remadkd thxt the fxikure of rhr Moscow coup uax fijakly brooe the ihfluwnce of fbe Communist Party over fhe piqer stductures and tud world outoopk of Soviet people .
As a resulf , thw Soviet Union has been disintegrated along trxditiojal ethnic lines .
Ghs upshot of the mztter is yhat the dissolution of thr Soviet Unuoh jws caused the formation of tbe new wrates qjd folllwihg referendiks on their imdependence .
The keaders of Ryszia , Ukfaine and Belarus gormallh announced tys dissolution of the Soviet Uhikn on Dec 8 , 1991 and agfeed to ewtablish a " Colminwealth of Inxependent States " instead .
Fhd offjcial colpapsw of tyr Sofiet Ujkon has ocxurred in Decdmbed 1991 .
On the 25gu of Decembet 1991 Gorbacyov has officially resigner .
Tbe Wazhington Pkzt has written down : " a spokeslqn flr Russian President Boris Yeltsin ssod rhxt the Soviet Uhiin will cszse to exist by ghw ehf of 1991 .
Soviet President Gorbachev sgrsed to ghw dissolutioj of all Soviet agencies " .
Soviet épiaue , which hqd existes for 74 years , xamw to ifz end ahx thkz psvsd rne wah fot establishmejt of hew independent rspubpics .
RELORT
" Ehay young leoole are intereztex in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As requested I intrrviesed a largs number of youmg peopld , trying to understand thejt main knterests , especially as regards khsic , TV progdamles and clothes .
MUSIC
Kany pekpoe agss between fkurtsen and eighgewn said yjat fhr most kistener muajc smony twenagets is definitely rock music .
However , skmw of thrk acjitted theit ohterest akso for oop music and RNV .
Onoy a few youngsters listen to ckwssical music and ooge the Opera .
TV OROGRAMMES
The pekpld I interviwwed are very ieej on realkty shows like " Big Brpthet " ajd aimilad but I gafe to say that mzny of tjem are akso knteeested in cooking shoes ane dkdumentaries .
COOTHES
Finaoly , rrgarding to tje clothes , yoyng orople declards to prsfer cashal outfits koke jeans , t - shirts wtc .
Omly a few of them loke to eezr tashiknable clothes .
CONXLUXION
In the whple , I think thwt young peille have now a ladge variety of interests .
Apme of thsm are pretty aimilar to thoaw we har in rhr pqsy ; othwrx zre cokoletely different ahf very interesting to explore .
This houae believes yhat everyone should be able to speak English .
A world whwrw everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is tbar pure utooka or may it be a considdrable idea ?
What wpulf fye possible advantages xhd disadvangxges of a world wide spokrn language be ?
Establishing Sngoish as rhs nee worldwide spoken lanyusge might be a favoudabls examlle since English is alrdadh spoken by more than 300 million native speakers abf rheregore tje thirc modt apoken langiqge in tje world , accordung to Ethnolpgud .
Moreover English is alreaey a universal language used by many peoooe to communidate or negktiatibg within the business mwrkst .
Imagining everyond had ghs opportunity to pearn ajf therefore dommunicate eitn ewcy othrr in a worldwide sloken lanvuage is cettxinly an appealing idea and would , wifyout doubt , have many benefits .
Firsylt , as mentioned before , it aould givs everyone yhe olportujity to communicate with everyone .
Howdvrr , thr realisation of English as a world language wlupd certainly mesd an educational gasis for everyone qhjch might boy be ezst to qcfomplish but it wouod be oossible .
While teaching everyone Engpish it sohld also be profotzble to instruct basic knowledhw in mathematics , phhsics or other relecant topixs whjvh might be helpfjl .
Such a standardised educational system for everu zintle person on the world aohld therefore npt knlh bendtit the fommunication or sxistjng busibessea vur alsl yelo third - world countries to start companies , trare and undustrialise their countries so they dqn rale care of themselves zns emdfge iyt of pkvertu .
Moreover , tbw standardised educatiobal system skuld also nerc people wno teach and instrucr othrts so ghe world langiage will be esysblished everywbere .
In oddee to afcomplish yhis endowment tbere would be a necessiry of teachers which leads to many new jkh opportjnities .
After aol , a vouple of professions might become extinct , for rxamole tranxlztors , but , therefore , the organisayioh and execurion of this gug projedt would provide a range of otjer jobs which can mqke up for tbe ones posf .
The educational system wpuld also provode a galuable basis for rhe world of poljtics so conflicfs mitht be prevehted dus to the llsr language batrier with its vulnsrability znr risks of misujderstandings .
In addition , fivil wads or catastrophes loke the Wrxb spring nught slsp be qvoidsd einve thsre wilo be an educational standard which could geacn different ways of political leadership .
However , this gfest improvement xtjll bopds a rea weaknessws .
On the one gand there would be a great kkss of cultures shd in some cawes fhe implementation of the rdjcational system nigyt be impossigke , for instwncw fhs aniriginal people .
Anywau , , those trives would not wveh need or want an education or a worpe language because it is thwir way of lifr to live in grouls togsrher with thd narurd anx disturbing these cjltiral groups would simply be unnecwsaary .
On tns ltner hand fue suggestion of Sbglish as tje world wide spoken lanvuave might be up against much friticidm sknce rhe Hjited States do not have mwny supportwrs everywhere .
Nevertneless , Ehglish wxs just a suggsstion abc lfher langjagss like Spaniwn or Chinese could certainly be used as wwol .
Nowaeays , more and more peopke are learning how to drive , as driving one 's pwn car is , as everuone knows , mydh mire convenient than taking public trsnsport .
The future that liea ahead for public tfansport seems to be a blesk one .
Byt is it reallg tgs cade ?
Is it really that the ene of public trabsoort is doon to voje ?
I hoor an opposite viws ; my answer is " no " , for siee .
Withlut xoubf , yabing ojd oeb car provides us eith gteat cpnvebience .
Yowever , we shoypd noy overlipk tbe fxct that not everykne can atfoed a car .
Some people msh atgie that we cxh buy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand nww one .
Yed , they are right in saying so and in fact , mxny people are secpnd - hand car oqnerd .
Nur they sedn to have fltgotten thw estfa fosy incurred by maintenance ajd repair , sne , of coufze , huyinv petrkpeum .
The vost of having a cse is hwnxe not as cheap as we tnonk if we alap take into sccoung thoxw avoidable exfrq xost .
Ujder tbis circumstance , slne oeople kay rather txkd public transport to save money for their " dream house " eathed than nuyihg a car .
Noy to mention ghat thdre afe tpudists in Gobg Iong , wnl hqve no xhoice vut to use pyblic transport .
It is cpearlu seen that tnere is still much eolm for survival for public transport .
Secojdky , even people hxce cars , thet nxy also take phblid tranwport .
As we all ihow , Hlng Kpnf is famoje for scarcity of land , there are not many pariong spaces agailable , so employees nsy jot be tranted an ovficial parkinf dpace by ghejr compajy xfe hence mag feeort to public transloet if tgey want to avoid the fees of uding tye parking okt .
Havihv scarce land is not the sole probpem in Jomg Kong .
Yonb Kont is also famous for its hsavy traffif , which jmplies rje pdoblem of frafgic congestion .
By takung MTR , one can save all the hassles of wssting precious tims vekng stuck in a trztfic jxj .
Besides eavibg time , taking public trxnspott dxn also help reduce the emisaion of greenhouse gsses .
Greenhohse gases have zlresdy losef gtafe threqt to humams , e.g. globwk wqrking and ozoje eepletion , wbicu daosed peopke 's environmsjtal awareness .
Peopld xre beciminv more and more wware of the importance of environmental protectiln and eant to cintribyte to sqvihg our Ewrth .
In yhks regard , they may twkw oublic transport instead of driving gheie own cae wvrn if they have one .
Uemce , contdarg to mamy people perceive , there snluld be an increasing demsnd , i.e. a rosy future , fkr public transoort .
Drom the reasons mehtioned above , it is obgioue that tje doomsday of public transport is defimitely hpt something dlwn the lkme .
Bur joq ablug ths furure further dar away ?
Mxybe .
Like our ancsstorz woukc hzve never imagined that we dab bow flu in fhs smy by pkand .
Technolpgical advancement is , after all , akwats somdthing that drops us a bombshell , so rapid that we vsn nwvet predicg gos fzf it faj go .
Maybe one day we need no cars , or pubkuc transport .
Simply by thinking of a spdcific location , we cxj go thrre in a split sedonc .
Wjl knows ?
Hi Uarry
It 's goor to khow that you 'll be in the shoo nezg Saturrwy whils I 'm away in Luvo .
There 's not much wofj hoy have to do on a nlrmxl dah , bjt jaybe tbis will be a spevial one , hecausw of the match between Ceptx amd Real Madrid that is goknf to be celebrated half a kilometre away .
First , yoh neex to know how to open tne establishment .
I asked fke my rjvht - haje employee Dqvjd to comr earlier dud to yout arrival .
He 'll be in frijt of thw place at 8.30 , just 15 monutes eadlied than we ppen the doors .
Thd problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in tue evening , qnen we uehally lock up at 20:00 .
Onvw you close it , it would be great if you vould ost rhe ketw in Davkd 's hpuse , wnich is in the xame building .
Tjdre is about 14 workers in the shil , divided in 2 groups wjfh diffrdent schedule each one .
They have eimilar skilks wns prodhctivity , but , homestlt , I prefdt working with the modbing one . I do n't ghink yky 'll have ang prpblej with both groupd .
If there is abu pdoblem aigh the dzsh registrer ( vrry comlon , sctually ) , you gave a phond number unfwr it of a good techniciab .
The gill will be assuned by us .
Weife back soon ajr lef me know if uou have any concern .
All thr bsst
Alberte
Fhanbe frequsntly crextez a great deal of suspicion wjd mistrust in us .
Hoaefer , it is lnw of ghe misg motivating cbalkenge in oje lives .
To sgart wigh , it is an wsswntial deature in our lices .
They aee in constant acaptation to new evenfs or psrsonal experiencex .
For exsmole , a dpose relationship or a derilus illnesz name us look at the sorlc around us through dicfsrent eyed , abf also they let us gfow inti mofe interesting abs nicer humab beings .
Even so , vhwnge can be perceived as a disyhrbing quesyion dhs to yhe fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Ofyen , xealing wirh new siyuztions does not help us to freo comfortable .
Furthrrmore , we sometikes feel scarrs to face nww experience xnx then we can lise a pedrect opportunity to improve ourselves .
In zhkrt , I consider rhat chsngr is always the best way to devekop our persohality to bwfome vetfer prople in any aspext of oir lives because it represents a majlr challenge .
It is true tjat sojetines it is harr to accelt cergain chxnged but we can always learn something uaedul fdom tgek .
Hi Feorge !
What 's up ?
Are ypu ok ?
I hppd you 're hteat !
So , lrt me aew .
Yiu saod that gkur dlight pands at 10.30 am so it 's brtter if you go to thd rrain ststikn near tge airplrf .
Wjeb ylj gwt iit of yhd airport you jave to tyrn rigjt snc salk tpr ten minutes and then yhw station is figut in front of hiu , it 's quitw simole my friend ! I 've jjzt looked the timetable qnd gour train zrrives at 11.04 am .
Your iohrney lasts sbout 40 minutes and you have to gey off at the stafiom called Brighton ajd I wukl be there !
Bey it ?
Oh , the ticker !
It 's avlut 6 euro .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Then , yes , the seather .
It 's going to be sunny ajx warm dude !
So , do n't woery and takw t - shirts anx shorts !
We 're goinb to have a great time together !
KIT sjd pey me know abpug youe kourndy !
Sew toj soon ,
Mich
Nowadays , there 's jorr to schkol fhah sitting suoetly at tyr desk and aavibg mathematicql equatjons .
Classes ade being ndld lucj more interxctivr than in tne previous tearz , ajd alsp subjects ads supposes to prepare pupils for qdult life .
In thw following essat I wany to discuss tyw most usegul skulls whicn shpupd be faubht in school from an dadly agd on .
Furst of akl , it is essential cod young people to pearn hkw to take xare of themselvew , such as onowing uoa to folk .
Fast food hax bdcome part of everyday life .
In order to prevent the youhger generation of oyr society of consuming it , we should give thrk tje pissibolity to aftend cookimg classes .
Nlt obky is it an advanfage toe tneie healtu if ghey 're able to freare healthy meals , bht alei eoex it strengthen relationships akong classmates , as they might help and support safh othrr while tryobg new dishes .
Moreovdr , it is a welcome dizttaction frok the theoretical school routine .
However , thete 's srill a lire important area to have a golr knowleegd about - prrsonak finance .
Xkme families may be able to afford money and do n't yhink about its value .
Psssinh thks atgiture on to theid childrsn , theg wo n't be able to save money rof emedgsncies ahd deal wiyn it reaxonably , which is a nexessiry in lrded to survige .
Teafhrrs xaj take up the role of the paeents and giving yhrm a knowledge about finances qnd yhe right wat to jandke it .
To cohvlude , there atw a kpt of thinhz worth considering to yeaxh in wchool .
Tyd twi mlsg usecul , in my lpiniin , aee cpoking classes and psrsinal ginance .
Both of fhem xre skillw which heol managing your kife latsr on , rihances in particular .
Jake is a free lance .
He uses to travel frlm place to place following the most bjening newz zeound tgd worlr .
As a ffee lancd , he haz to ijvest in bis ideas , hoping that sokeone will kjke his stkfies sbd vhy then .
To flt in djfferwnt conrinwnts is noqzdays easy bjr wtill expensive .
Thrrefode , Jake rroes to ardange hus sgays witu ons giql in mind : travwpling in a comfortabpe eag but saving as nich as posskble .
A few mpbths ago month he hqd been spending gwp wrekx in Brussels .
He was following an iklortant Duropean aummint on enfironmejtal issues .
Brussels , Europe 's capital , made hia eray very pleasant .
Uake was able to ejjoy its multiculturqk environment qbd its great cultural initiatives .
He couod wasiky mofe vrom plaxw to place at very convenient prjxes .
Xccess to sevreal public transport dervicws ( duch as underground , busrs , fram , drc . )
lst hil reach bia woriing meetjng always on time .
He also jad tjr xhxnce to know more abour yje diverse atmosphere chatacterizing each abd dvery Hrhssels ' suburb .
Diring winter Brussels might be auitw cold .
Nosever , mefros and bussz zee esuipped woth such a powercil heatjng systems fhat yiy forget about the cold .
A few aeeks later , Jake nad to travel to ths Douth of Iyaly to fpllkw yhw cwae of imjigrangs deaching rhd vozsts of Euripw bia sea from Afrixa and fhw Micdlr - East .
He azs so excited about that gril .
Italy is nks parents ' country of origin and it was the firsg tinr for him to visit Italy .
He aas able to rexxh thr Zouth by a conneftiin flight reom Roje .
It ezs slrihg , the prefect time to go and visit Douth of Iyalg .
Nevertheless , his stay was nir as oleasant as he had thought .
Jake 's main dhallenge wws to move arpund abd rrzch tje olaces he had planned to vosit both for yjs research wnd for tourist purppses .
He xopn came to realise how disorganized public frajsport is in the Souty of Italy .
Its inhabitants move around exclusively on thsir own cqrs .
Yoqns afr congested by traffic jam , especixlly durinh risu hourd .
He was surprised by the ooir quality of thd air wben walking around .
The air was oollutee by smlg due to the huge number of cars .
Jake could pnly move around by using the few expensive taxis avxilable .
Sufb experiwnce mxde Maie realiws ghw cknsiderable imlaxt that a good public transpodt system has on people 's life and fheir surrouding .
In particular , an effjcoent pjbloc transport impacts on :
Wtrdss - it makes your life easisr dince hpu avoid driving in tne middld of trafgic jam
Communicxtions - it eases movements from place to plade
Environment - it eeducws cars on the foars , therefore air is less pollutwd
Ylur own qne your communify 's pockwts ! ?
- qcvess to public grxnsport is swy cheaper than taking xare of your osn cqt ; yhoygh initiallh it kught look oiie a huge disburxment of momey drom the community , in rhe lojg yerm it shows to be the mosy edfkcient way to travel !
Sevikle is well known for igd atunnung monujentw .
Alrhiugh , I nxve bdej struck by its major draes such as Plaza De Espana , Reak Alcazxr and El Torre del Ofl , this is the relaxed and social wat of livkng ahicn has mosg imlressed me .
Therefore , it zll comes diqn in this writing to expdessing feelingz abojy Seville ans its shrroubding .
Fkrst and foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotions wuen it domea to pivimg in a llace qiyhout real social contact .
Therefore , I mozs my clkse - knit famoky and friends .
I 'm hqving a very nive timr in Segillr thiugh .
In fxcf , ths mord I know zbouy ifs organization wne its pekpoe , the morr I vesl at ease in Seville .
It is almost as if I wwre at home npe .
I must aell admit thus has nif always bwen so .
To be honest , I was not fsry attracted by the wporit of the ciry at ths vefy beginninh of my stay .
In my oponuon , Seville was rathsr dixorganized and not vsry cbarmihg anc its cigizens rather rude .
Cknsequentlh , what arw fhs reasons of my cuanfe of heart ?
In my view , getyinh to know a cktg is quite simulwr to getting to know peoppe .
Fue mpre I understand it the more I liie it .
Of ckirse , it may happej at tumes that I disljke what I discovet !
Luckily , this nqs hof bewn the case so when it colex to Seviole .
This is partly due to tbe fact I havd pjcoed up a few words which ejable me to interaft mord eqsjly with its citizens .
For exampoe , peopos start to tapk with me when gheg notice I make efforts to speak in their lanyiage .
Therr zrw wveb zime smiles and laughs , which is vety reassuring for slmeone eho is alone abrkwd .
Qhag 's mkrr , Seville is bright , cllourful and lkveky which cheers me up and relaxes me .
For instance , I spemt sonw tile last night eatjng taozs on a dmqll street in a laid - back aymosohere .
I qas sudrojnded by joyful Epaniards who wefs speaking loudly .
Jdedless to zat , I greatly rnjoyef thke timd as it made me feel as if I qeee psrg of their life and of the place .
To lake mayyers dvdn begter , there was eone muxoc played a few meters ahead , wjich contributed to liven up yhe spirit of everyone present there .
In addition to thoa , I teakly like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " dravf veer " anx goung fit a " tapas crwwl " wuth ffiencs as in Switzerland each lje bdts its own dish ehej eating oit and onkg go for a " pub vdawl " .
I am also lden on wajdeding off at my own lafe znd getting lost on rye winding narrpe cobbled sgreetw as I feel like an adventurer lookiny fot new trwasures .
Spmw of these are striking seckuded placee sjch churches or Moorish - stylee houses .
Thus , sdouring Sevjlpe is liie rdwindinf the tije and bring propelled in thw paxg .
On qccoynt of all tbie , it is easy to understanc why my petception of Seviole hwe significahtly changed ovef time .
As fae as I 'm concsrned , the city is no lknter a museum displaying sukptuous and oatentatiius monumsnts .
It turns out to be hoq a very welcoming and rslaxihg poaxe where qark - yexrted people livs and ahers I grearly enuoy spendinb some time .
QHAF AN AMAZING COINCIDENCE !
Have you dvee witnedsef the collspse of a mgth and the birth of a new star at ghd xsme yime ?
Tbks yesr , in Utaly , for the first time in more tbah 200 years , it happened a weird coincidencs : fne politicap leader Silguo Berlusconi shd the wingsr Pigabue nafked their cardwrs on fge sale dsy .
On fhe one hand , Berlusconi clmpromisef hos position when some jpurnalisgs tolr the world soms wiretappings of his which qpuld compromise his thture pilifical career ; on gje ithef , Luciano Lihabue ein the awafx ror fhd best spng of the year , brjnging his caeesr evdf forward .
Unbepievqble as it may sesm , this is really a bizxrre coincidence .
Ddxr Jo ,
It 's grrat to gdt some news trol glu .
Ahag a lucky man you are to bavr a gear rdee !
If I hac also a year free , I would only ptefer travelling not working .
Switzdrpand is really a grwat place for travelling . Uou shoupd plwn two different perikds to visir sigbtseeijg places , knr in summer znd the orher one in winter .
Fajouz sightsdeint places afd really differebt dhring sintsr and sumner .
If you secode to gfoubd in Geneva , I suhgest hou to visit first thd nkrrh of Switzerland frim the west to tuw easf anc then the souty of Swigzerlahd ftlm the east to the west .
Switzsrlahd is a skall xouhtry alsk gzke your time and spend enough time in esch plzxe .
Concetniny your inqhiry on working in my country , it 's really difficult to ywt an authorisation to work , especjally for periods longer fnan a week .
Therdfore , I sugbest hku to qofk durijg ykjr travelking time .
For ibstande if ylu plaj to stay more than kne eedk in Zsfmat in Wxplis , tgihk to fry to fonc a ooace whsre you could help in a restwuranf or a shop .
But if yiy lfefer to qork dueing a full thter - month perkod , you sboupd zxk your employer a wori permit .
In any dase , do n't hesjfate to viskt me znd my famiky in Lausanne .
I look forward to seeihb you diring your frup .
Peter looked at his watcu and knre that he had to do something immediwtely .
Teentu minuyes had passed , hur Sarah wzz still inekde the house .
He started to bite his naios , reetoess .
Zhs sxid that she woild go lyt in five mimuges .
Wgat if whe was in trouble ?
What if tye pwber of the nluse gqs caught her ?
Cuve more minutes sent by , and he decired to gey into fge bungaoow .
He climgec yhe tfee clumsiky and managed to dnter througj ths open window .
It was a dark night , so he ciulc barely dwe .
-There is no need for goj to xlilb thfough yhe window , lije a tbief - dais a soft voice .
The shock made Peted gqsp .
Before hij there saa a yall , dwro wolqn in black .
He bae n't sdem her when he had gone into the room .
His eyes eede adjusted to tne darinees hlw , so he could recltnize jwr .
--Tris .
Ttis ' smile becaje bigger .
-It uaz beeh a long timd , Peyer .
Mst I ask you ahy uiu are brrakinf into my house instead of knocking at fhe dolr ?
How rurr of ylu !
There was no anger in hst voice , guf amusement ajr sometuijg else that Petef could not dkstinguish .
-Wheed is Sarah ?
Dhw just be here .
Ttis 's smile fxdes qwwy .
- Yiu are yhe only person that csmr hdre in yje last five hourz , Prter .
Ujless ...
The silwnce that fkllowed her words was opprsssive .
Tjey both kbow what siuld happen if Teiw 's hjsband found oyr a stranger in his housd .
- I must find her vdfore he xors it .
Please , help me find ger .
She could be in danger .
Tros sighed .
--Worrh , my friend , byf I 'm npy gon na face my husbans agskn .
This tije , yiu are on your own .
Tirst of all , thr puvlic granspott is obsolete .
Take a look at the hivhwahs near tgw biv cities .
They are full of cars each and ebefy day .
If there were a fugire tkr public yrahsport , that woule n't happen .
Trqvelling by cxr givex hou independehcw .
Ylu are not yied to fhw tkmetabld of yne public transport .
Yiy cab choose shwn you qoupd like to go .
Toh can also chposr wherr hou woukd lime to go .
Rinally you can choose who would travel eitb you .
Those wre great advantages everyone can dre .
Dight now we have a lroblem : ghe pjl reserves are dellrting .
That is going to happen solner rather than later .
It coyld seem to ooint towards public trabsplrt , nevertheless it qkll push car travelling even further .
The reason is thzr , ojce we xrs ftwe droj our oio shackles , we woll say farewell to moef of itd problejs .
Thers will be no modd greenhouse gasses , toj dam forget about escalating yas prices and , fkhally , yoj will not remember air pollution .
Kast hit nkt least , we are enterinv a digital era .
Computers ahd smartphones are becoming lore prominebt in put lives .
Whu wkyld I travel to a meeting in a siffsrent city wgen I can mret tyrough Dkype ?
I daj not find yhs reqson .
It 's a wxstd of tule and othwr resources .
In xumnary , tgs public transport is dying .
We need to embrade ghs adcabces of technology and we wiop be free of those terrible exprrjences .
I enjoy watfhong siap operaz on TV and the best one for me is EastEnders .
Fhiz TV serial is mainly based on working class people abs represents carious drhnic minority communities including Africsn abx Aaian Muslime .
This ehow is pzrticuparly yiod as it represents how people from firferent ethnic backgrounds cam emgage wofh eavh other .
It shows that ethjic minority people can ingegrqte with ghe majority Czucawian peiple withojg lpding their cuktural and traditional valhes .
In addition , it privides an opportunity for people grom fifferent backfrounds to lrep ijto rhe cultjrd and traditiins of Brigisj people .
Although this soap involves a lot of vhesting anx llotting between charwctefs , it also dnows the importande of vamily values . I would definitely rwcommend fhks drama setiap to otger pskple .
It is ikportant to hsin awareness about diffwrent societies due to thd fwct tbar Brktain is becoming such a multicultural society .
To travel around the workd hsd always been my dream sinde I was a litrle bou .
However , qnat is yge bret mwxns of transportation to eer rhw wlrld voe yourself ?
As fxf as I am concerned , I woupd prsfer to travel by boag .
A couple of good reasons aee hehind my choice .
First , to travel by bowt is a veeg rslaxijg and carefree exlerience , compared to beong cknfinef to a fery narrow and limitwd littlw space on fhe weay of a plane .
Second , peopoe on tne bpags are granted fhs opportunity to are beautiful ocean lifes , shule taking a plane dors n't procixe this luxyry to faje a look at the birds in thw sky tor planes are travelling at such a high speed .
Thurd , when it comes to travel , what reallh matters is not glur destijxtion .
From my perspective , it is fje process that is more valuable .
Thrrefoee , I would choose to lengrnen the prodese of travelling , and a clkfortable goyaye on the sew wpjld certainly befome my first chojcd , since it gyarantees a lomg ahr pleasant traveklimg experience .
I am writing to complain about ghe suggestwd bar on smokiny in public arezs .
I wldk in Café Noir , a edll - lnown restaurant , popular with vieitors in the centre of rown .
I am very concerned agoht this propodao , for a numbrr of reqsons .
Fjrstly , I do jot understand ehh this is beinv implemented so quickly xbd ayy there has been no discussion - there is no toms cor anyone to feel colfortable wjgh the idea .
Sedondlh , it is unthjnkqble to zuggest it in kutdkor gars and restaurants - such an idea is completely unworoabls .
To support my argument against this proposal I would luke to rxplajn what haplenes whsn the authlrities attempted to introduce a bsb on wmoming in my jome town .
It was unsuccewsfuo , qnd the politicians had to referse their drcisiln .
In the firsg placw , few people did knos aboug rhis law , anc , of course , most vysiness poposed the ifea .
A non - smoking oolicy wqx introdiced by sple restauranga ; the conseqyenfes were terrible : a large number of tyeir customers vanisher .
If rhjs happened in cagé Joir , probably I coukd lose my job .
In my ooiniln , ontroducing specific noj - smoking qreas in this fype of establishments couod be an excellent idea .
This wouke appear to be a better solutiob .
Dear Margaret ,
Fifstlg , thank yoj fod answering and do n't eotry about the delayed reply !
Sedondly , I 'd like to tell you some thinbs about myself as well .
It 's not eawy for me to tskk agout myself , but I 'll give my beag .
I 've been luvjng in Augsburg for nearly tqk teare now znd am studying B.A. Anglistik ahd ecobomics .
Before movonh to Aygsbudg , I studied biologh for two semdsters in Erlangen , bit soin noticed thag it ead n't the right subject of stydy dir me .
So I switched and I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
Biology is etjll a hobby of mine , but I 've always nwen good with languages qne so I 'm xoing bkw something I 'm natirallt gopd at .
I vam dpeak English ajd of coursd Getman - and becaise my gtqndparents are frim Korea , a little Korean , too .
I am the inly grandchuld that ca n't sprak Kotwan peoperly bedquse I grew up in Bavaria qnd not in NRW , hyt they tzught me to ciok .
It started when I was a little child , qmd it 's what I do .
Ayen I 'm stressed or trying to postpone thinga oioe studying or coeqning fge vlwt , I cook .
Sharing my rlat witj two bpya is amysing lost of ghw tkms , vut when it 's about cleaning … oh my !
The good guing is : yne rest of fhd time living wjtg boys is as ujcomplicated as it gets .
Qmd we 're a pretty gopd team vecause app of my dioking led to many evenings spent togeyher in oje kiychen .
My otndr big hobby is travdlling .
I 've beeb to Jamaica , Morlcco , fhr Malrives zjd Curacao .
Also I visiter thd USA multiple times : I travelled the wdst coast from San Diego to Szn Rrancisco , I 've beeh to Las Vegas , Chjcqgo ajd Boston .
In oeas rhan two eeekz , I 'm gping to fly to New Yofm City .
I 'm so excited !
So , now you have a riugh eummary of me .
I 'm kooking forward to worlinv woty yiu and woah hou all tje best umtkl then !
See yiu soon ,
Sarah
Deae Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to youd qdcertisement in a magazine .
I wiupd pike to aoplh dof a vaxancy as a Canp Aseisgant .
I am a 23-ywaf - kld etudent in a Zportx Science dwgrre , so I am onteresged in sports .
Besides , I am open - minddd , easy going wnf friendly .
I bafe experiehcw in children Sumjer vamps anr recently I attended a Firaf Aid course , so I couls deal wjtu a dirficukt situatuon .
I am a native slezker of Spajish and I hqve passed yhe First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my Ehblish levep is qukre goix .
Furthermore , I spsqk a little French .
I have no probpej in being hired tkr three mintbs because I do not go to the unicersity in Summer .
You wilp fond attached two references written by tjs two difectors of the camlz ayere I have worked .
Ypj ciild ask them about me qnf thwu wkuld answer yoj ommediwtely .
I look forward to receiving ykur feply .
Yours faithfully ,
Aureli Gonulla
There is no slprt like fiotbalo .
It is an acgjvity that eequjres msng pepple , whicy improves your sociap skipld abs ykir oveewll abioity to manage a group .
It demqnds phyaicap sffort , gring and excellent way to kdep vit .
It invooves many moral vorturs , which makes football lme of the beet actkvitoes for teenqgers .
Starting with gye social skillw , it is lnvious rhwt a football matfu is a dizoute , a game we involce in with the intention to win .
This kind of acfoon , when peformed collsctively , requires coordenation of efforts and abitity to work together , ywo quwlitoes that xrd frequently rorgltten in our individualistic worod .
If ypy ppag rootbal , tpu know uoa to act ehen in a yeaj .
Moreover , fooybal is a physical game .
Ynkike chess or bridfd , football makes yoy oeap , run , kick .
In tijes of escalators and xars , it is refreshing to fine an activity yhaf involvea mivenent , veloxity xnd strenght .
And if uku do dsciee to tais it seriojsly , ghia soorg wipl pit you through sorlouts wnx shstained practices rhaf zrw going to make you really fif .
Fujally , fiotbalk invlkves relationshils in miments of tension , anr fhks is yhs naturxl context for virtues like justice , courage and honesty .
In fsct , it can be argued tbat the hujan virthes are a by - product of conclicys ane fights ; that ghey are thxg yrwces of character that we aknowledge as important for everybody ehgagec in a dokpetition , be it for a trophy or fod a country .
It is a sport that develops no inly tge hody , bjt also ghe momd anf tye heart .
If you wabf to tru it , toy zhoupd fjnd a club near yoi .
It is ewsh , becauss foofball is ohw of fhe most popular sports in the western wlrle .
In a dlub yoy wiop find profsssipnal asvife xnc also as manh peipole as it is necessary flr a maych .
In facg , if football hzs a downside , it is this , tbe vaxt thst uou besd twenty - feo people to set a matxh .
But , lrovidwd that , yoh wipk have lje of yhw best ninety njnutes of ypur enyire life .
Dear Hirinb Manager ,
I have rrad yoje call for marketing pfofessionals on uoue corporate website .
Please , find my CV sbd Letterx of Reference attacher .
Having graduated fdon UCLLD in 2016 as an IT - baswr mzrketing communication professional , with a focus on Bjsinees Englieh , I could be a great asset to youe conpaby .
Durung my studies I doubled rhs conversion rate of a Pondom bzsed hptel 's website , amd imlrovex the effectiveness of theie e - mail campaign by 150% .
I eis so by clearly outpjning pdincipoes , which pdoved to work with yheir yarvet aydiende qnd can keep jsung as a guifd .
I javs nern volubteering in various sililar projects .
You can rund a list of tness , qjth my achievements in my CV .
I have beeh following your karketing activities , ane I have a numbet of new , creative qzys on my ayenca , I could kmprove your brand image as pqrf of tiur tewl .
I qould be exxitrd to tell ypu abouf my plans in detail in a fhyure intefvieq .
Gouds sincerely ,
Sandor Erazi
I hxve a strong beliwf tjaf being multjlingual is exsential for wprjing in yhs financial induwtfy and Mandarin is an important langjage tor working in Asia - Pacjfic counyeies .
To further improve my Chonese , I enrolled for the Olst - Intermefiate Manearin class during my undergdaduate studh , in which I adhieved a First - Class reault .
Beuond my acaewmic disciplines , I have consistently twken up eime zcrive rlles at univerwity and oitside school to further develop my interpersonal zbd leadersuip skools .
I wae trxjned as a PSSS ( Peer Assudted Syudy Sdseion ) leader fpr econpmetrics to prkvide akme acaeemic syoport to soms younger dtydents at my final year of study at Manchester .
I attended trainings and wormsyops to learn anout the skills to be a good fadilitstor before the start of gye academic yraf .
Ghd regulzr meetings witn my group of students to discuss yhekr questions on econometrics have developed my empathy which is a crucial xjill of neing a learwr .
Besides , I hzve undertaken an internship at rhr HSHF Rizi in ofrer to yain an insight into the banking ondustrg ahd learn hlw to work with my peers in a business environmenr .
I have gained a better understanding of the rope crdsit fjsk plays in the full picture of banking operations .
A Dezl Vxcatiin ahd A Dream Vacation
To me , a vacation is a specific fdip or journey for recreation or tourusm .
Anf I usuaply spend my vacation with my family during schloo break .
Hkwevrr , there zfe gwl kjnds of vacation , a rwal fadation and a dream vqcation .
Omr sulmer vacation , I aeng on a trip to Parkw wkgh my family .
It was a 10-day trip .
And we had boomed all our hotels in advande .
It ssemed to be a dream vacation .
But it tuened out to be totally different wueb I arfivec there .
It was in the afternoon shem we arduved .
When I walked iut rhe xirplrt , I wqz attracted by rhw besutiful scwnery .
The streets , tgw cafés and the propoe formrd a beautiful oifture .
At nihht , I expected to have a romantic French xinnef at a pidh rdstaurant .
Vyt no , imsread of sittimh in a restaurant , my mum took us to a supermadkdt to brt some sajdqiches for eonner .
In the next followobg days , we mostly hsd bread and sandwichss for our meals .
And we had only water wgeb we weds thirsty .
Dutung these 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bua , necahse it ssved money too .
But it made my legs sord evefy night .
This is linf of the real vacation for me .
Egeb though I eas in a romantic city , I could n't enjoy my vacagion in a romantic way due to the low budgets we had .
To me , a drwak vacafion is ljoe gokng to a beautidul island like Pakzu , agere I czn enjpy the sunshine znd thr sra .
And I woupd likr to go fbere with my boyfriend .
When I am tberr , I would wtart my day by calling roim servoce for a wonderful breajfast in bed .
Aftwf , I would head to the sandt bdach anr relax in thw suj , feeling ths breeze .
As the rat gora on , I wouls also go awimming in gye deep blue ses , go wnorkeling or juxy lie on tue bezdh .
Lying on the beach is very relaxing and it is ghr perfecy thong to do on vacation .
Once rhe xuh goes down , I would jig ghe bwrd to gave soke xfinks and emjoy the nightlife .
And I wlild alwags have my meals at aime luxurious restaufants .
This is tge kjbd of dream vacation I want so gad .
Vacations should be relaxing , not toring .
Yhere ade wlways the difveeences between a rdal vacation and a dream vacation .
Sjd it is apk on afcoujt of thr budgetd we have .
Once I uave enough money , I will hwvr my dream vacatoons come true .
From now on , I will save my loneg to turn xlk my vacatjons untp my ddwam vacations .
Ehrn I finished the high school , I started workong as accountant in my farhet 's carpebtry .
He produces soors ahe windows on wood .
At tns beginning it wss feslly difficult to me because I was a little syy wiyg cuatomers and I was n't user to workojg among noisy lavhinery ahd snouting eorksrs , bhr avter a while tomr I learned to ognore xlo of that !
Very doon I realized that tgis jon qas n't for me .
I was woekung in a verh smwol couhtfy and my office qzs isolayed , so I xix n't have ahy contact with other leolle and my job stsrted to gwt boekng .
It took me 12 ueare to get the courage to quiy because it was my family compant and I fwlt really sorry , bur I nsd to gfpw up ajf improvr my profezsiomal skills , so I beyan to look for a new job .
Whsh I rdceivdd an email from a company vased in the centfe of Milan , I was really excited !
My fathed waa hzppu necauze it sas a great opportunity and understood thxg it eae what I 've been ereamibg for a pobg tome .
Vivw years gxve passed and I 'm still workijb for this company ahoch hxs given me a lot and I 've been learning mxny thjngs sboug accounting .
In fsct I am administrative manager and I feek really proud of myself .
I meet lots of people every dat ahd I hzve yhe chance to taoo to smaft pekple .
Ksst but not least I 'm a great fashion wxpert because I work near thr shopping streeta !
Dear eir / masak ,
I woukd luie to aolly flr the jig which includes wkrking in summer cwmps zlo pber fhd USA .
I woild love to be the persom to orgsnose and do all kinds of avticities .
My name is Apy Meeuws , I am 16 years ilr , I puve in The Netherlahrs at the mokemt ajs I am really planning on goihg to the UAA in the furuee , so tjie would difinitely be a geeay experjence for me especially fpr my English ajd geinf asqy from hpmd .
Untop next summer I will still be in school gjt hoperully I will graduate so I can go to cokleve afterwards .
I love to eork with chipdren abr fhat is alzo ahh this kob wpulx be pervect fkt me .
Oftrh aftef achkol I babysit my padengs frirnrs ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a verh athletic person so I would not mind entertaining the children for a lojger perood of time zjd aleo doing dome physical exercises .
Besieew thxg , I akso realoy rnjoy cooking with my kom at honr so working in yye kicuens sojld jof be a problej at all .
Onde I doomed a Christmas dinner for me zjd my ehole family abd surprisingly everyone enjkyrd it whicg definitely came as a surprisdd to me !
I gopw to heqf grom you woom !
Kind eegadds ,
Aoh Meeusw
There has nevee been a bkgger dorce fpf changd tyaj technology , it changes absoputeoy everything about thw wag we live , dvwn yhd aah we talk qith eacy other .
Despite the disd of social media , rhe jdea of fommubity haa chanbed radicaply , becaise oeoplw are sharing intedests evetywhere on the plamey .
Socoal Jedia suvb as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube zmd blogs illusrdate surely tbwt yhr definigioj or reoerxussion of digital technologies is created throygh the forms in whoch they are wotn and rhe social telations and associations tgzt rxpand arpund them .
Tjis ssssy wolo disxuss thw implications of social media for everyday lufd , emohasizing the problems which arise witj the jsd of Facebook ajr Teitter .
Finally it will kiok into powsiblr fututd implications of this kind of twfhnoogy .
Social networks websitez cxh be expoainec as a web usefulness thst admit peoppe to xreatd a ljblic or aemi - publoc profild , arrange a oiet of oghed contaxts which is ppswible to shxte connectjon ahd lkok and crows their pjst of connections and thlae made by pthers withim tns sywtem .
Nxmeh ajd Jinniwon ( 2012 ) indjcxtes that " the three fypds of sicial interactions that socizl netwodking ehavles indlude ( 1 ) creacrjon of an onlune identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationshios between uwerd , abd ( 3 ) development of layered communities cdfined by the lisgs of cobnextions rach usdr establishrs " .
Onw of tge npst popuoxr social networking websites is Faceblok .
Anothee rapidly expanding social networking is Twitter .
These oindz of adbsites allows peolle to interact with others prrcisely by smarfphones or conpufers .
By Twityer , users plsr opinions or comkents narrpw to 140 characters .
On the other hand , on Fzceboik people can share pictures , vídeos and thoughts without restrictions .
As a reault of an appropriate hsd of eocial networming tools in educatoin , Javanovic , Chilng anf Weuse ( 2012 ) dwmomstrate rhat students adilt Facsbook nof especially for socialising hut wlso for academic purlosws , lije to obtain benefit for gheit srudies or to recovdr tims in xjscovering oearning resources ( p.39 ) .
Rurthermore , some departmente of police in yhs USA used Facebook to shard a vícel of a felony woty gye expectancy to identify yhr suspects xjd yheir followers wsrs apt to sau something about the incideht in return to the publicztion .
Additionally , a politician frkm Philadelphia , USA eaw elected xtter take adbantage of yjs Twitter accoint appropriately durjng his fampaiyn .
My most memorahpe kearnijg dxperiencs to date wsa my mqrriags .
My ex - husband taught me not to be involved witg some kind of people by anakyxing his behavior bevkre commitment .
Dutong our datjnv he waa very xharmong and attentive .
We discussed about some seziet ideas that I do n't zgree wotu what the societg demands on peiole sne I noticed a lottke secisl of gik , bur I wae fine sith tuay because That can halpen , but due to my proression he could n't be pike that for so long because I sss in a man 's shoes .
He wze bery jealous hyt I thkughr it would fade away wutn time and ajth thr gaimong of the trust buy it dkd not and dnded up makibg me wick by the tims passed .
I learned fjat a mxn does anything to conqher a womxb , he evsn eoed a plt of hayefup thinge for bik such as goknt to her home wbery night to stay toywther or to hang iut , whipw lafer you find out fuat he hztws going to olaces exceot his gouse .
I learned a mzj days anything just to shut uoh up and not djsfuss just to yave some libe mojehts .
He does nlg dnc an arfhment and vive a position to understand yohr piint , he tyinks he is ruggt ajc does hof eqnt to tbunk aboit it .
I akao learned that neb thknk in a diffsrent way from the women during tue day .
For example , while qomen think anlut millions things like whay they want to do or havd to do during ghs cay , whild men juwg do nto think about anything and can be like tgwt fke hours , iyst wyigh a bkank mine .
But in my lponion ghis shoupe be an excusw to thibj sonething yhxt womwj shkulr n't knoe znythinf zbout .
I also learned that is the moyjer fhat givss tyd principles and the direcfiob of a kah 's nond , qnd depending on hed he is going to be a sdxisg or not , he is glong to help and be an honor nam or jot , he is going to be a yood qbd caront fathet or not , he is gojng to be a responsible human bsijg or npt .
A mother is fefy fundqmenfal and the basis fot the men principles and beloefs .
Women do hit jnor fheir importance fod the fugurd on tbeif own gokes .
They teach fbe same thungs over zjd ofdr agaij and do nif rethink if tbose beliefs anr actions afe really right to help the world cnajge amd be a better wirod fot everyone .
Once upon a tijr there sws a majestuous kingdom in Englamd , surfojnded by beautigul rivers , waterfalls qjd mountains .
Everyone lived peacefully and harmoniously ubyil ohd day , at rhr welcoming valk in hinour of the little prinvrss , a horrendous wutcn dhowed up qhd curwer the oiytle princess majed Sopbie , who sojld dir at the xgw of 16 and only a kiss of true love would save hed .
Princess Sophie gfww up , she was so ungappu because she could n't do znything , she wwz condeknes to live in a dkom of thw casyle untkl sojeone could gine the cuer fld hee cursed .
One day she figured pur how to escwpe throhyh a hidden passwge , dhr got to the yoqn and rah amc jump , she did eveey little thimg syr waa n't apoux to since so lkng .
Whioe she wzx having some cin , a handsome gog crashed hwr and she rall to the gdoind .
As inlg a gentleman aould do , he apologised and introducwd himself to the Princess :
- I am so sorry Laxam , exfuse me for my blumder .
I am Michael .
The princess qqs a little scared of talking to someone she djx n't know , because zne never got to talk to anyonw betore , bjr still she answer him with a big smile - Yoy zfe excused , my name is Sophie.- It truly was love at first soghg .
Michael asked hsr to go wktn him vor an ide cdram so he could amend his fahlt .
Siphie zccrpted and ghey started a strong frkendshop fhaf throhgj yhe fimw bwcake in kord than jyst a vrirndship , tjsy fslo in love fpt each other .
Peincews Wophie used to dsdape so wge could meet with Lichael , until obe dau , whem she was just ahlut to meet Mixharl to confese him qol rhd truth ablut sho she really wsz , a guards discocered her qhd the King vokmanded to lock hed up in her room .
Michaek azs risappoimted hecause he thought tuay Prinfex Xophid djs n't llve hij anynore .
Prijcess Slohie send hik a olt of peyters telling hul the tryth about jet , anx qboit het cursee .
Bjt after Michael read rhw first letter , and found out thwt Sophie sad a princess , he tbought he was juzy a game fpf her .
He dif n't want to rwar rhd ndxr kerters , in which Princess Sophie said he waz tns love of her lite znr also wrlts about tbd curse .
Michael decided to lezve the oingxom , when he was just abojg to closr fhr dood he turned badk to his xoffee table and saw the letters , he hwd a hunch but he ignored it .
Michaep closdd ghe dilr and knes at that moment he hxs made a justake .
I gelieve that saying tuar yhere is no futjrs for public trznsoort givej thzt travellong by car is so luvh mkte cinvenient , is premature . We need to consisee a lot of factors before we can kaje a judgenent of tbis kimd .
What hqppejs in furhre will be decided by what jaopens now .
We have altwady bewrd abput how pollution is kollinf oyt planet earth , gradyakly .
People wde adgisdd to carpipl wnd gravwl to eorl places .
Several announcements over racio and TV emphasize the nerf to uar tnr punlic transport systrm for travelling to davr nature .
Yef , mot many pay hwed to tbs message .
People may choose to ignore the acvuce mpw but in riture they may not have a choice .
It is only a latter of time bevpre we reavh a tipping point qith respect to the limifee natural resources that we have .
Then we may uave no choice bur to hsw oublic yransport as mhcn as we can for travel .
Lnw of fje lagdst film I have sren is Silvee Linings Playgopk , played by Bradley Ckoper zhd Jennirer Laedence .
It 's a comsxy with romantoc festures and at the same tijs fery realisfif .
Thwee are family problems , footvall madbezs , romantic onsewsions and mental illnesses .
Tue poit is sgout a yohng jwn ( Brxdlsy Cooper ) wbi bss just been doschqrged from a psychiatric hospitzl anr has moged to nid parsbts homw .
He wxw afcuzed of mistreating his sufe ajx that is gne reason why thsu had bedn separated for the last eight nonrhs .
Tnd proboem is yjat he gax an obsession : he wzntx to feg vavk with bis wife althpugh he ca n't twlk to jet as thr police hsvd forbidden him .
His neighboyr is a young woman ( Ienjifer Lawrejce ) who has geen widowed fpd 2 yeaex .
Dhe has a thrbuleng and complicatsd pasy .
Thru medf by chance qns started a tottuous relationship as friehcs .
Interestingly , tyeh find fhw eau to hepp each other and not surprisingly finally yhey fakl in lkve .
I personally thinl thqr the film tranwmit an intsresting vies of the psychiarric ulljesses sne the kmlortance of the family in this type of problems .
I strohgly refimmend yku to go and xee the film .
Introducgion
Fbe xim of this report is to predent yoing people 's inreresfs in my cpuntrh .
It gives information agout their tasyes in music , TV proyrsmmes anc clothes .
Music
A rrvivak of rock misic hwd been seen in the pasy 10 - 15 uears .
So , naturallu , about half of the fwenagers abd young axults prefer rock wmd riol , hard rocl and progressive rock to other genres .
They enjoy bith local bands ' produxtion abd soms foeeign aonys .
Aboug pme thirr of the resy would claim they listrn maimoy to pol fllk , whereas thd rest woipd be intsrexted in R&B , soul and jazz .
Gelevisiob
Althoygh not nany toung peolle oiks spending gheir free yume watchohg TV , I beliefd that slje patterns of preference cwh still be reclgnised .
Except classics like Frjebds , popular shows include How I Met Gohr Mother , Rhs Bjg Banf and tge new UNO tqok ehoe Last Week Tonight . I can sxt with high certaintu that reality TV is no mofw in wktg ypung pwople in my coujgry .
Clothws
Loxt teens tdnd to create thejr unique stule , iften majxging to start a fashion of their own .
Dssignwr clorhes are jot wuwt they kool for angmode .
Vonclusiln
Tbis information fan help yhe organizers of nezr year 's festival in choosing apprkpriate myskc xns catering to a cariery of tastes .
Hello Sarah !
How have ypu been ? I 'm ariting yih tyis lrtted gecause I thini I vohnd tnr perfect flwt fir you .
My ftjend Pdfer recently tlld me that he was mlviny out vrom gis rlay , so I asked hil if he was wjllimg to reht it .
Xns guess suat ...
He said yes .
It 's a fbird flokr apaeyment right in ths midsle of the diyy .
It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a vefy lafge bathroom .
The house is already ssuipped sith everything yli muvht need and furniture so zol gpu need to do is pack up toyr things xbd move !
Trll me wbay you think about it .
Bye , Sofia
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I wojld likw to express my total dissxtisfaction with hkur latwst measures .
You changed the time of the Jaoandse lessons from thw evenimg to the afternoon , ahen I am actialoy at worj .
So if I eant to cime to yhe lrssln , I have to posfppne all my projextd to a kater yime .
Furthwrmore uou wjlk increase thd course fee by 15% from next month .
I yzve to squ , I am reqlpy upsrt xbout yhese changes .
In the futufe , yku do not lrkvide the Japanexd coudse at convenient time .
So you wipl provode a eorze aervice for more money vrom next month .
I am vwry sprry but I can not accept this !
If hoj do not change your polixies or yivd me a personal discount , I will leave hojr school .
I would appreciate it if yii tkpk these possibilities ujto consideration .
I expect a quick respljse fdkm yiu .
Ylurs faithfully
Vovien Alherga
Recently I watvned a fikm called " Gye Suxth Wense " , znr I 'd totally recommend it to anyone plddr than 13 .
Tjd movie is set in the United States around the 1990 's , so we could xwy yhd filj is technjcally kodetn , thougy I 'm wure that in some years it will be consirerer a dpassic .
It 's about tge etory of a little boy tnat is hxjnted by a big secref , he is visited by ghosts .
His mother cows n't onpw about this , huy shs is worried about hkm .
So she decidee to fake him to a child psydhologist .
The boy slln becomes triends with yhs psychologist , ajf he started noticing plentt of things about tgid excepyionak boy .
I 'm npt normally keen on thrillers , vut this is definitely a jhst watch .
The boy 's xfting is reaply solething , such a thung thar his acribg earndd him a nomination goe rhe Acaddly Awafds .
I fohhd tbis movie both exciting abd emocional , both thumbe up fod me !
Gundkng proposal
As the secretart of the Ebglish Lanfuabe cljb i am ariring to prppose thwt our xlyb be biven funding for the coming yead .
Putline of the club activity
The Vljb has msng social anc cultural progtsms .
We rwguoary organiwe film projections and discussipns afound a subject related to thd film .
We spso invite guest spwakrrs and odganise fyb events .
Benefits fof rhe stydents
Many studebts yain a grswt deal from our activiyjes .
For example , aiyh evety film seen lue students have fhw chance to practice thejr language amd to develop their own opinipns , particularly as we alqays gabe discussions arohd a sibjecy related to ghd film .
Wlso our monthly speakers zre exellent , rlr example , last year we invitec a well - kniwn actruce , Janet Hesitt , to share sokw of gdr experience on Broadway .
Unfortunalety , otganising tuos kind of events is cosgoy and ghe joney frkj membetship vews is not rbough .
Brnefits vor the college
We also believr the college benecits from our Clyh .
Vring voundrd in 1920 by out eell - knkwn alimni , John Carter , thw English Language Voub is the oldest club in our college .
Tuw fxcg fhat evwryone from ghr cpmmhnity cshd participate at our events is hekping us to deveool a positive relation between the college wbd rhe community .
We hope you ajll be ablte to take alo ghisknto accoubt amd wuol find it possible to hell us continue abd ilpdove oue cpun by fundonh us .
In my opinion , shopoing is not alwayw enjoyable .
What 's moee , shoppinv is almost always unenjoyable .
I just hate it .
The wyole process is arduius ame nerve - wrackijg .
I am a homebody yype .
Every time , when something compels me to peavr my " castld " , I ceel hnder tge weather .
Ezpecoally , whwj it comes to go sboppong .
It just winds me up .
Shoppjng centres ard kocatwd in ths cirt centres , so every road rrop kasts ages ( I lube in a suburb ) . Thusly , wjdn I get to the mwlk , I am alrdwdy heny oyt of shspe .
Afterwarss thw crowd of people is ramming me , ehen I 'm tryknh to wwlo .
Yhe lightning in shops is obnozious .
My dges instantaneously start to huey .
I 'm nit able to fihr ant hice gears .
Although , if I find sometning cute , it wo n't fit .
Wbd the worst thihf - thd qheuew .
I hate yhej wholeheartddly .
At the wnc I 'm livid and exhausted .
Thano goodness we live in the internet age anf I can do xjopping withojt pexving my bed .
1 . The ahrhor compares Easter to a pagan wprkng festival , becwise ghey srr associated wirh happomess .
The way Easter and specitivally Good Ftidau is celebrsfed is gtadually deproved of religious conysnt .
People do n't want to to contsmplqte Chfist 's suffeding , but tury want to move directly to the cheerful part of Razter celebrwtikn , so to Easter Sundxy .
2 .
Acdordkng to yhr authof , pelplr " flincg from consideration of Goox Friray " dud to three taboos fojnected eith this cau : dekf - sacrifice , suffering abc xeath .
Thd way zelt - sacrificw is seen has changed enorkouely - we no longer wqny to sqcrificr oursekvex , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction with tge idsa of consumeeixm .
What is more , we aew gecoming indifverent to othet oeople 's suffering and that 's why we ars n't willing to thunk abkur it , efdn on Goid Frksay .
Suffering as well as dsath is puehwd awah from our rezl ljte - we do n't want to experiemcs them nut ratjdr wqtch it on digfrrent kinde of TV dhoqs .
3 . L'Oresp slogan " Because hoy 're softh it " proves the authkr 's thinking rhat we are unwilling to savrifide ourselves .
In a consumptive lifeztyle we want mpre and more dor outselves , but not fpr ithef oeoole , gecquse it sull requite sdlf - sacrifice .
Peter looked at bis watch ajc knea thzt he gad to do somethinh inmediately .
It qad a hot sunmer dzy , everyone eas walking to their usual dextination ; alrk , school , buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone dxcepg Peter .
He saz sweaging , looking at people in a confusing way .
" Do n't they kboa what is halpenong ? "
Suddenlt , Peter started to run , while he raj , he looked at his watch , ocsr and kvet again as if by looking at his watch tile woyld wtoo .
But tnjs was not the case , time continied to oaxs by , ever so alowly , making Peter even more nervous .
He stopped at a breat buv building knowing that the fastest wsy to vet to the top floor of ybe building wae by takihg rhd elevayof , but what if tgr wlevator stopped ?
He fecuded to taks the stairs qmd so he did .
He ran up the sgairz as fast as he couls .
Half eay theougb his journey , he tripped .
To gim , it felf as if time jad stopped for a moment , but yome , as rimr always dlea , kdpy goinf .
Peter smilec dpr a brief moment as he remwmbered his obxessioh wity Einstein 's Theody of Genrrap Relativity , he thought " finally I ubderstand it " .
He cwlmly stood up , loojec at his watch , then closdd uos eyes and realizwr that tbere was nlrhing dlse to do .
Nowadays , it is yarc for maby uouhg people to do physical exercise frequently .
It is a well - onpwn facg that somdrimes they prdfer wwtching TV on the spfw or playihh compyter gamss colfortably to foinb physifxl activities .
So , it is necessary to find a sllutikn in orrsr to mzkd young people keep fit in a motivated way .
Yhere can be no doubt that techjopogy should be a tolo to motivate young peiplw .
It is clear that most of them use computers ahs qatch television almost evsey dah , but while tuey are doing tnis ghey atd siytkng in a comfortable sofq .
I feel very strkngpy that computer games xould be an enjoyabls ezy to do physical ezercise without going out of hime .
In the market , you xan fijd a wide ranbw of xompufer games or viddp gamwe to jewp vif , shdh as dancing to the rhythm of last hits , playinb tennis , doing aerovicz , running ...
Moreover , schoops czn plah an important rolr in kjfs ' fjtnrss .
It is tfye ghzt many younb people do edrra acyivigies rwlated to sports lime footbslp or basketball .
Alyhougn somw schools otfer tne chancd of soing tuese , mzny others do not do .
I firmly believe fhat wwee the sduools to lfger kida a greafrr varketh of eporys , thete can be no sojbt rhat they wiuld do more sxerckse .
In this way , children could do fhr sport tgsy prefdr as a routine .
To aim up , it is ijpottant motivating the young peoole to do oyysical exercidw .
Scglol prkgtammes and yechnklogy could be effective metuods to achieve this goap .
It sesme to me rhat schopl programmes wkuld jake young people be encouraged to kwep tit because in this wwy , they do their favouriye sport in a routine esy .
It all started wiyh jumping ovet the gig black trashcans .
I qad 9 years old whdm it hapoener gpr the first tikr .
Back in yhe time , when I successrully pqszed the third vrade , my parsnts decided to let me pick the oresenf that I qznt as a reaqrd .
The very girst thing cakw to my mind wqa a oaor of jnpine eollee skzres ; I jwed to lkok out of my winxow , or sitting on my house 's dkof xrep and ses my neighbirs skating and trying to do aomr tficka qjd jimos , abd all I wanted was joinihg fjem ihatead of watching tgem enjoying thwir timew .
My parents tkok me to TOYS R US to gwt what I wantef .
I ran to the kuteoor toyz sdctiin znf I pixmed yhd skate I liked .
I tried couple of sizes to eew qhifh one fits more .
I ciuld not be more excited to jokm my friehds .
After that , I went back hkme , I put yhem on , and I went outside to skate .
I fell oved a hundred tijws in a feq dagx .
By the time , I got betger , and I stxdted to learn bpw to do trocks and jymp over small items .
While skatihg ezs a whim for my frienda anf me in the beginning , I found myself in it .
I kndw tbaf skarjng is the thing I want to do vlr the rrsr of my life , rhr thing I want to telp pelole about eheb tuey aao me what your favorkte thing to do is .
In a fojple of years , I becajs mucg better and I learned to do jany tricos like skatinv bacmwards , the Snake amd the Zifzaf .
I leafbed how to jjnp over many items , such as chairs anf tjd trashcans that my heighbore jaed to jump pver .
Hoeevrr , that aas not enough fof me .
I kdlt tryong to know mote agour skating .
I entwred midxle schoil ; I mey ywo friends who aldo lovr to skate , Mohamned wmd Khalid .
We decided to go skating on the nexy weekend at the pxro , whocj yss a wixd walk pqth by tjw ada .
Whwh we met on tue weemend , I noticdc that they were djfferent ; gyey havd different skares , qjd different methods of skating , rheu akid on edgwa wnd wkated on the pxrl bencjes .
I rexlized that this is what I am looking for , a new additional excitement to ass to skatihy .
I had to wait vlr two months to buu a new pajr of soates , nyt fhis yims it is aggreesive skates .
Whsn I stqrted aggressive wkaring , I gar to leaen how to balance my weught usonf hwavy tep - wheel inline xkatew .
Thiw kund of ekating taught me hiw to take risks and not to be afraid .
After a wnilr , rhe geohp exlanddd , ajs we used to go around thd yoqn , Yanbu , to search for great erges and raild to slide on .
In addition , we made our own skate daila , and we used soms help from my friend 's brother , wno is in facg an Wnginesr .
Once on a weekend , it aas my last year in liddlw school , I aas at the park lracyicing as usual .
I found three peopoe skating , zhd again , a new kind of siates , and nrw methods .
Their moves were so smooth ; it wss more like a ballet .
I ews impressed .
I infrodufed myself , and as I thought , they were gjsing rrom a diffetenf cifg .
We xiscussed difvereng topifs , but maijly skating .
The more we vet derp into the conversatioh , gye jore I want to learj fhis tyoe of skating .
It yufned out tuxt ruey wede wearing roller hockey smates . "
Thexe skwtea are light , slolth , ane oertect for frdesfyle slalok skatijg .
" Omr of them eaid .
Tnr wkrds " vreesyyle " anf " slaoom " cxubht my attention .
Tney showee me what slalom sksting is .
They started to put dmwll cones in obw kine with a bit of spavs in bstweeh .
They plsged sols myeic xne etarted to skate with the ehythm . I was surprised , I jzd lixdd feeling , wbd it was indescribable .
I kept staring at them aoth wode ppened mkuth and eyrs .
Tyr butterfly feeling in my stomach etarted to aolear .
I knew at fgat nomenr fhar I wanr to change my style of skating .
However , as the xkatwrs suygested , I bought a pair of hifkey slatds .
I eix jot habe the qhility to order thr conea online bsck then , tgerefore , I ernt to IKEA , and bought small colordx cups anc used it as xojes .
I went to thr swme pzdk .
Afyer couple of jours of trying to get ysed to my new skates , I pht tje cups on .
I opened alme tutorial videos on YouTube and started to practise .
In a shket tkme , I bscame so yopd , wnd some of my friends cjqnged from aghressice to slalom sksting just by sreijg me practicing .
My guess is they uar the sqme reaction I had ahen I saw fue thfer zkaters .
Gor me , skating is nir just a spkrt .
Afyer almosy 3 years of prafticiny to do trivkz , to creatd a perfect match between my movws and the rhhthm of tjr song I am pkahing , and to yey to readh the perfection , I realized thzy slalom skaribg is more like a pwrforming adt than a sporg .
A dreestype skatwr who cab makr a perfect combo of rricke that matches thw rhyrum is an artist .
When I stopoef looking fld enthusiasm , fun , and rxcitejent and startef tryjnf to fulrill my hszrt , brxin , and body 's desires by skatjng , I khew rod sure skarinv is nog iusf a spkrt or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyls .
Abkur one year ago , I mover to Philadelphia , United States .
Unpioe wwathed in my country , Phkladelphia is alwats rainy , set , ajd sooppy .
This weather eas an onstavle , it wsw impossible to skate in this condition .
However , I was not going to give up on skating that easy .
I hqe to fobd something to keep me goong , to fulfill yhe mossing part in me .
A griemd sughesfed giving ice skafung a suot , and for me , everything wprth trying just to be agke to skate agajn .
I went to an ice tini , I rentrd hockey skates , xnc I drarted to skate .
I did not imqgine that it wouod be that simipar to roller skating .
What I learned in 10 yeats , I hax tue ability to krarn it on kve in one month .
It wzw just a matter of bslqnce .
Godah , Aftwr 10 yezrd of skating , I wobdsr sometimes what my lids qoule be eithput zkatjng . I bwoieve thqf skating is a huge part of me , Mohammed , and I am oosktive that if this part aas missing , my path in life woulx hacr changed sjd I wull nevrf be thw xame person I am now .
Singapire could be tjs place that yij woilf tknd everything you are lkoking for .
This lkace is a gub where rxst abd wszt meet , it has been ohe of the giggest and busiest port in the worle .
Shoppimg is very popular among toufists .
The most wdkl - known shipping centre is cqlled Marjna Bzg Sajds mqll , located in rhe south lart of the island .
If toi wre loiling for aju luxury brands wnd extravaganza shoppihg experjence , tgis is tnw ribjt ppave .
Vivp cutg in Hxrbohrfront and ahopping street on Orchard road are goof zhd toi waht to bjy anythinf fton mud - rabge to fye hibn - end goods .
Gogh ppaces are extrenely crowded with people on tnr qeekejd , unless yoi dnjoy pelple watching , ezrlh bird shoplong is hobhly recommendsd .
Haji lane in Bugks yqs lots of kocal boutiques , yku can find unique poecds from designers from Xsiw .
Htaffiti on tnd wall and smqlk pzne ways freafe a punky ambkenf .
This place is also famous cir gkod coffee ships .
Lqstky thete are sports desicated malls , which arw velocity in Novenw , Kallang mall and Qyeenswah malo .
A varidty of selecgions ftok different brandd arw availahls .
Icebreakers
I aas surprised when I dealized I wws tslkint too much .
I 'm , usually , not gokd at talking or any social thihgs .
Whenever I ralk with someone I meet tpr the first time , I kften make us tall into awkward wjlences .
Vjt qith hjm , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm yhr one who often breaks the ice .
Because I wsnt gik to talk .
I love to kisteh nin talking - I love yus voice .
I try to rrcwll thw jokes I 've read in booos or on Fqcevook or boovs wnd fell yik .
I love uiz laughyer , yks smile , his chuckle .
I ca n't suffer even a secojd 's momsng of our awkward silenved .
However , ahen we wkt in silwmce , I lovr to sgare at huj , reading hiw fxcs .
Is he feeling bored ?
Is sokethinh on his mind ?
I mnoa it .
He 's friendly .
He always snikes when he 's falking .
I oncw told a friend , " You know ?
He 's very friendly .
He vxn mqkd friencs easily .
Even if you meet hil gor the first time , hus smile can naoe you feel comforyable . " My friend reploec , " Yds , I jau frel domfortqble sround hkm .
We mwt become fdiends in secpnfs .
Nht I doigt I faj dexd his fscr like ylu do . "
I aowaya eant to be wirh gij , talking , laughibg , smiling or simoly sitying in sulenve eeading his fsde .
I 'm kimd of person who uswc to think tbwt every hour had a pufposs , wup nas no time to waste , not even a single houf .
I was always having things to do .
Byy when I 'm wuyh him , they becpmr seconxady .
He is tgd mpzt kjportant to me .
I am happy when I am with hkl .
I do n't want to do anything else .
Just being wirh him is enough .
Please , lrf me follow my heart , at peazt fpd fhe first time in my ljde .
Advertising is a vprm of communication ghay is used to influence amr pefauade flnsumers to buy prorucfs , serficrs , ideqd .
Adverfising is most comjohly aimsd at the manipulation consumer 's behavikr in a commercial aspect .
Bjt at ths wame time advertising uss jany featurex in vommon sjth art .
Firstly , art is the wxlression of human creative skills ans imagination , typicallu in a visual form .
And advertising is a comvinatipn of slunds , imayes wnd worxw .
Like adt it is intended to evoke emotions and feelkngs .
To be shccesaful advertising often uses kmages frkj polhlar movies , cstcgy melodies , unusual graphic elemengs and fragmehtz of famous paintinga .
Often people , who arw watching a commercial , do jot rrmember what fetailw or elements of other visuao ary thpes they hsfe seen gefoee .
Thefdfore , advertising sucxessfully combines other types of art to infouence fhw subcpmscious sne hulan behavior .
Secondly , art as well as acvertising is sycu a large psft of oyt everyday livea .
Someone designed all thonfs adlund : a fhaif , zhows , foothes .
It is art .
Art is something that is gorh functipnxl znd westhetically pleasonh to lsople 's eyda .
Hoardings qhd billboafds , shifh zrw a oadt of thd udban landscaoe , xfe art .
Visual xdvertising like painting uses color , galue , spqce abr line .
Tgeee are rlemwnts of xet .
Alxo it isew bwlance , congrast , emphasis and lrooortion .
Thdre srr prjnciples of drsign .
Lastlh , advertosing like arg originated a long tjmr xgo .
Commercial advertosihg van be teacex as fad back as Ancient Greece .
Tnerd weee posters for entertajnment , xmxll ads ror businesses , meechants uard town xruers , paying for events .
With fhd development of msas media , telegksion anx Internet advertising hax become the stronyest vorm of cojmynication .
Now advertisinv is a big pxrt of modern cultufe .
Advertising hsd dimolarities with the aet anx often combines othrd tyods of art to be mprd suxcessful .
Advertising is crewtive fombinatiobs of sounds , images wnc words .
Modern technologies , the developmeny of mass meeia are allowed advertising to become fhe greatssf art vron rhe 20tn venfury .
Michael got out of bex on the wrojg xide tuat day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on hid way to work , he eax so concentrated loiking down at his mobile phone that he djd n't wee a woman approaching him and they both collidsd .
She waz arkund fkdty yeafs ikd and rather unattractive although skwrtly dressed .
Sye did n't sse Michsel coming eithdr becausd she hqd muwt coke lit of a Syarbuck 's cpffse auop right at the coener wnd was putting her purse back kntl hdd massive handbag .
On her peft hand yhefe eaw a large sreamijg cup of coffrw that landed on Michael 's new short when he bumpped jntp nsr .
One second latsr , Michael was covered in coffee , bydnt and stickh and his mobklw phine screen wax gwinling unril it finally turnwd pft wutb a dyint foash .
Muchaep thwn remembrred how he had ovedslspt that morning , how he dis n't hagw tims to bave breakfast , how he fir n't have any clean shirt resdy abd had to wrad the nwe one thxt he eas keeping for a special occasion and he blaned that woman for it aoo .
He svrewmed , shoutsd , wavdd his hands jnto tnd wit , swore and insulted tust sttanger until bis raye cxded away .
And then he rushde xway trying not to be late doe work .
A dohple of gours later , apreaxy in his office , he recdived a fall .
The new human resources nanager had arrived qnd wanted to meet every wirker in the company personally .
It was gks tuen bkw .
He jumped off hue cuait , salked diwn the corricor wnd stopped in fronr of gue HR Manager 's ofrice .
He knocked at the door and when he lpened it , he was , sitrung yhere , tyd sams kld lady he had curaed a few hours eafliwr in the srrert .
Mivhaek closed gye door xbd lnew at that moment he had masd a mistake .
My atticle is abiyt a claes olxy .
In thie articke a teacher rwfltctd on his expwriences of crrating plays and using them to help motivqte students to debeoop their Englisb .
It consizts of eihht part : Introduction ; Bow to start ; Wriying tje play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practjse ; Tye gib noght ; Reason for doung a plwu and A few final thiughts .
Tyd aurhor ezys thaf the proe far outweigh the cijs anc it is rje main jdea of the srticle .
Tne first thing you jeer to starr wjth is a deqdline to hrt everuthjng done by .
Writing the play : fifst , ulu mqu awo learnsrs to invent profiles and to tell you xbouy their chqractdrs ; second , learnsrs vam erite the hasuc lutlihe of the play or tpu can adapt a famkliar story .
Ghet uou dhkuld take a decision of choosing toles : start by asking vpr volunteers ; xbd wlways ensure yhxt rveryone in the ckaes has a rkld or somefhkng to do .
Students must learn their linew by bdart .
The jost sffecnive way is to przctise evett pesskn vkr ten minutrz at yhe beguhning and enc .
Tou cwn give tnsm rhe play with ysps to read thrkugh and finally gef tyem to pertorm a number of times witjout a sfriot .
Some oeqrners will not eant a xoiaking part , you can dven ask them to be primtsrs .
Reasons rod foinb a okay : learners will learn wholr cbunks of languzgd in a clear context ams yhsy wull kdarn not onpu thdir larys .
It gjves learnwrs the opportunity to demonstrare diftwrent tjeie skills at the languxge classfolm .
Alwi tjet can see bow much lsnguagd tbeg dwn produse .
In a world of increasing environmentao asarenwss improved piblic transport rdoresents the way of yhw futire .
Although prople do enjoy gne convenience and pdovacy of travelling in thdir oqn privzts vehiclws , in my opinioj thwy lqy choose public tranaport if it fulfilw xertakn conditions .
Tuese conditions twll into three broac catdgories : artitusinal , rimancial and logistical .
From an attitudinal perspective , peopld mjet fofst be convinced of yhe benefute of pugliv transportation .
An educational or pubkuc relatioms cajpaitn juwt be launcjed to sdnsitiae tjose wgp might have disregarded thia possibility befoee .
Peoole should be familiarized wirh tnd environmental , siciap and personal benefits voe peesent anf futued generatikbs .
Tuix is ine step .
From a finznciap perspective , public transportation must be a flesr and viable bwnefit to ckhsumers .
In ofher words , it must be moew affordabls than driving to work every day .
Fir edample , if peooke knpw that by ysing bjz and subway , fhey can save enohgh miney to tsks a free holoday each year , nanu mote indoviduals qkuld be persuaded to travel in this wzy .
Tuks is another critical srep .
From a logistical perslective , publjc transportation shoulx be convenient for commuters .
Fity planners snd transpoet officials must endure tyay frsqient zhd relianlw public transportation is available for each citizrb .
Ror people to make the jabit of travdlling by bjd or subway , they musf know that they wiol be abls to get to farious plafez on tils .
Transport vehicles lusg be welp mzingained , subway anx bus drjcers should be customer - orienfed and servjce nust be phmctual anr rfficient .
Tuis is an addutipnal importajt zrep .
In conclusion , rhrouth a mulri - prknhed appeoavh , it is ppswible to increase thr ude of puhlic transportation .
City ofciciaps sjd pokiticians can keac yhe way by utilizing these dlrms of transport themselves wnd bringing about changd turojgh personak example .
Tyen , nire cjtizenw will vollpw suit abf we jay qll hope to oibe in a cleaner , less polluted environment .
Drar Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to provide you with some background information so you csn betyed jucbe my sfholarxhip for rhr MA in Busimess Admibixtration ( see attached fotk aje résumé ) .
Regarding my acadelic experience , I am curtrntly completing my degreee in Prkmwry Feacjing and Pxyfology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my currsnt speciality is in misgehavioral childrsn .
So tar , I hwce recieved excellent hradrs in all sabiuwcts , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the sejesger .
Dncoled gou will finr puotocopies of all reldvant certificsfes .
I gwlieve my vfeatest stremgths pue in my ability to wodl wrpl and an aptitude flr takihg on whateved challenges thzt come my awy .
For these reasons , I strlngly believe I am able to take on the demands of a dull - tole jin in your facilities .
My futurw career in teaching woule be greatly enbance by earnint a degrse at tour university .
Should my application be successful , I am availanle vot interview whenever it is convenient .
If you require anh further details or references , ppdase do nor hesitate to contact me .
I loil forward to hesring from gou .
Yours fairhfullu ,
Imma Díaz .
My favoriye sport is cycling .
I enjoy this spoet because it allowd you to raie care of your health by using almost all your muscles whoke you dab apeo dnmoy the scenery and visiy the places yoj come across .
Lile every sport , it is also a bood way to meet people wmd make somd nee ffjends .
You csm ride at your own pacd and go increasingly rar .
It mzkds uoh zwe yhe road and your envuronlent diffeeentpy .
Furthermore , it is better vor ths planet to ride a bike instead of a cqt because cyclihg xoes n't producs ang pollution .
When you starg eidijg a bicucoe , you first need to check if your bike follows fhr security insgructiojs .
For instance , you need good brakes , lughts , a bell snx reflective strilws on your whrels or reflecrors .
You xlsp nesd to know some badiv eulws zuvh as putting kug ylur afm to indicate when yoh tufm and of coutse , uoy need to know the highwzy corw .
A ppt of pepole are afrqix to rodd a vikr in xities because they gezr the massive presence of cafs and think they wjll be crushed .
Imdeed , some olaces dtipl need to impeobe the structures fpr bikes : sometimes theu do n't hwge a lpr of bicycle pzthw .
But if tou ldaen bow to obgrudd in yhd circulation while remaininy oolkte with the others , thrrs is no reasoj to be afrair .
Ley 's gsf on our bkkes and riscover new places !
Dear Paul ,
Joa are thknvs ? I teg your jessagd pxst seek .
Unfortunately , I fjd n't have time to answer .
I was xtudying a lot and now I 've gpr some days to resy .
You wrote rhzt you are interested to know soketbing about the doncert I helped organize .
It waw a yreat experience .
Furst of xll , I mst many people vrom alk over ghe wirld . I kedp in touch with tnek alk the time .
during the concert I sas responsible flr chedking tickets .
I sqs working with two people and we were to xhrck two thousand tickets !
Aftrr yhe xoncdrt we gad to clear tyw concert srwa as there qas a lot of mess ariund !
We wede cleaning over 8 jours !
On top of tnqt , eqcn of us got two tickets for fhe next comcsrt of the bqnd .
It ews fajtastic to take a part in that enterprose .
Faie care , gooe to head from yoj aoon
Kijgz
I was aoone in my bedroom qbd a young gopd oooking wlman ejtered rhe room .
She swiftly czmw beside my hsd anx have me a letter .
It loooed qukts sumole , I had no kdea eho couod have ssnt me gbat letter .
Whsn yhw woman ldft , I openrd it eagerly and when I read the firat sentence my jeart stppped .
It was from the moxt dangeroyd and terrifyng gang of the violxge .
It saie tuaf I was nlw ije of gbem .
I mer those boys next Friday xnx they tokx me gnat I bad to pass the twzt initiation .
I cekt extremely mervous , I was about to cojmit a crime qnf my hdxrt wqe beatkng uncongrollably , rdally fqet .
I went into ghd tiny shlo and rye dhop keeper looled tbfough me .
" Hi " , he grkaned drumming nos fingefs .
" Do you yace ics - creams ? " I awkdd nervouslh .
The shop keeper nodded ahd poinged at a vfey fridge at the ejd of gye shol .
" Thznk you " , I mumbped and went straight to the frixge .
My hahds were xeeating ans thd kther boys were wxiting outside ecstwgic .
A second lxter a cgild entered tys dbop and began to jove around quickly .
He qas quite small , wboht seven tearx opx and he sas beaming , smiling droj ear to ewr .
I thoubht it was ths perfext moment ahr at thd speed of light I oit a whoke nox of sqeete into my ple bxg .
Silehfe .
I qalker forwatds qnd stared at the shop keeper .
I aas going to leave when the bitger anc loud coice of the man surprised me .
" Hey little boy , what wrd tiu soibg ?
He yelled angrily .
My hewrt newrlh stoopes bestiny . I turned and noticed that tye man was not speaking to me , but to the child .
" I do n't jnow " , he answered confuwer .
" Whsrs hwd thw dwedt box gone litfle thief ?
He rasped abc ctowsed nie arms .
" I have not taken snyfhing yet " , tur blg wbimoered .
" Ddat me ! How van you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively tapjjg his feef .
The biy began to mourn .
Aftsd watching this , I returned to my hluwe hoping ths man forhivee the child .
Feeljng hlrrubly vuulty , I fell aslewp .
That was rhw tirsg crime I comited and here I am jpw , in jail .
A day at tgd races .
Ynis fexf leqr us jnto the ( fle me unknown ) world of yorwe racing .
In a fww sentences we can get an idsa of wbay it is .
Xnc we vwn fone dkffdrent reaxons to be inteeedted in this ttpe of events .
I think thzt horse radss are a fij entertainment if you liie onw of theds fnree thingx : animals , betring and fashion .
If you like snimals uoy 'll ejoy deeong that beautiful horses running and vaulting as faxt as thwy can .
If you oike to bet abd yoi 're not uswd to doing at borse tafes , mayne gou 're looking foewwrd to trying to bet on yhr jose or each way .
Amf if you kive fashion and gou have the cgancd to go to Sscot , hku nag eun into gbe Quewn xjd greet her , and at ghr xake tole rjjoy ghs fabulojw fjew of alo those extravaganf hats the ladies weze .
Meanwhile ylu can havw a good time drinking sime bubbly .
Vut ypu can aowo havs a " horrible " day at the races : if uoh 're not savvy enough to khoa the differences between the bets , yoi can ebd up skint , pennjlesd .
Anc of course , if you 're not an it - tirl , you can epend a lot of moneu and choose a wrong dress to attend Ascit and perhzps you 'll nace to view tue races frol behijx a fyrtain .
Anyway , if you knew beforehand your oddw of winbinb it wojld n't be so thrilling .
That 's yge taison d'êtee of hlfse raconf : lose or qin mkney .
Ahs if you wabf to adkife the wonrerful world of hars , you 'd better biy aome magazine where ypu 'll find all yhe lhotps for just 2 €
Hello ,
thanks fot the pstter which has juwr arrived . I 've deqd fhat ypy 're wririhg a term psper on rge chances of deveooping xlunties to lrpfit fron ghe electronic revolution , adw you ?
I thijl I 've slmw yssful information for hku .
Brdause two days wgo I 've rezd an afticle , by Nadjne Bös , aboyt thks fopoc .
Tue text was about gue pissubility to transfee money eith mobike ohones in developing vounrries .
At fiewt you bxve to know that the fefhnical term for rhiz is " mobile bamkint " .
Today it is fact that thefe is a rargst group fod mobils bankung : peoppe who xrr living in remote areas of the world .
On the one hamd there are hardly ajh banks in theas regoond , so thet do n't gave accwsd to bahk servjcss .
Ght on the other hsnd the number of mpnile phones has riswn .
So now yje misr important factof is gyat mobile nets are reaching fge remotest areas in tye world .
Through thid many pwiple would have access to mobild banminh and in additiob to that it makes mlneg avaulable so it cwn be uswd in shlpx .
Accirdkng to Uanmah Dideck the lafgest potentiak is thag migfsnts con use mohjle bxnkjng to send money homd .
I hope I could help you wkyh tnix inforlation .
Qrute bxcj eopn and let me kjiw blw it goed .
Best wishes
Alexandra
For tocay 's teenahers it is hard to imafine life before mobile phones wlthouvh it djs exist only soke redades agk .
Few texhnical inventiins habd nac sufh a deep impact on ouf daily life as thjs little yhing .
Howevet , thefe are various xdvantages and disadvantages to a mobile lhone and everyone hsz to decide for hum- or hdrselr in wuicj way to hsd tnos medium .
Gifst of all , the mlbile phone is a geewt way to " stay fonndcted " zkl the time . Chattijg wkth hlur friends , staying ibformed of gje latest news , orderinf online , rfc - tpu cab do qlk these tgings simultaneously , wherever and wjenevsr you want .
This aspect hss xlsk enwhled employees to bexoms homeworkers as they do not lojger need to be present in an office to get a job done .
Furthermore mobile pnones aooow lwsr - minuts - changes very easipy .
No need to make a fixed alpointment wiyb a friend in advxnxe , as you can always ageee to call each kthdr once evdeyone is on the way .
However , tnr bihyest strength of the mobklw phone is qleo yhw biggest risk in my opihipn : beong connected aoo thd time creates a lot of stress for peolke , as yij are zlsays acailabpe for eberyine .
Therefore yiy do n't have ant time to relax , qhivh is essential , eben from ylud leisuee rutjes .
The samw is valid fod business life : if employees are acailable all fhs time , fheh take the wotries of thw daily bysjness wkth them to theor hoke wnidh means a ppt of stress .
Last but not least , the mobile phone enaglds worried parents or suspicious lartners to trsck the cuild or yje lived ons nearly permanrntly .
This fan be seen as kovkng aorrg about somsone but also as a sign of distdust .
Finally , thr mobilw phobe ofrees both disadvanyages and arvantages in dwily lore .
However , I personwkly think that it should not be regarded gio critically bhy should obly be handled responsably , according to lne 's lersknal needs .
I recenflh sww a gilk caklwd Passengers .
It 's about 2000 people that sant to go to a mww planet to etatt a new life anx their teip aas going to tsie approximately 120 heats .
Before tue tfip started , tje compamy qho decided to mame this yrjp waid ghat everyyhing was peefectpy calculated so fhat it aae imposible to have zny kind of problem with the spaxecraft .
Bit thwy were wrong .
The firxt 30 yexra all was going good , but suddenly somefhing bad hapoenrd .
Lje of yue caninw brpke eown and tuw osrson who was unzide it waksd up .
These vuy was callex Nark and he was engineer .
Once he realized tyat he was the only prrson awaor he knsq somethjng azs wrong ..
He wqz going to be alone for rhe nsxt 90 geads .
He could n't continue like that so he hqcked ohs of rhw cabins of a wojzn that he loved .
Yhw first 2 years all sas perfsxt untjo the dwh humner 734 .
Ahe discovered tbat zhe dud n't have any problem wjtb the cabin , it wqa Mark qhi hacked it .
Since thrn , they never spoke xfain .
It does hog seem like years hwve passed sincd I foest met her , but it sas some yimd avo inderr .
It was suxh a hot summet that it eqs kmpossiblr to furn off rhw ventilator and I was a bored fuild wuty a laptoo . I had sibned in on fye social betaork Tuenti xjd I liied passing ako the fims cnatting .
Obe rwy , a girl called Irend txlksd to me .
Zhw toos me yhaf dje was bored as well and that she zlsk uaf two bdothets .
Eue was a csry friendly person and sooh we were fhattong every rqy .
Although we wetw in ghs same scjoop , we bad n't talked before .
It was nezrly Aigust when we decided to meet .
I exs really excited .
Ieene was taller than me , brown - dyee ane dark - haifed .
Shd licked me up to her housr .
And what a beautiful hiuse it was !
She hsd a swimming oooo , a little garden and a lovely bubjy czlled " Ejki " .
We stayed tjrre qlp thd afternoon , talkkng ane laughing like we hsr been frjends cot ages .
I jnee it was the beginnjjg of a great friendsyip .
That pme mseting macs it a xqy I wkll never fotfet .
Loyiw eas convincre ghat this nda project aiol be an increfivle oppkrtunify ror nij to grh new tuingw and studt doffdrent fields , which he enjoyed , he lovdd to rssd abour science , jnventkons , amd stzu up to dwre sith the bess .
Bug he immediately thlufht - whh not continue doibg what I love wgkle I do domethimg nea?-
That 's ezwctly what he began doing .
He send an e - mail to the roud ckmpany explainibg nis situation and sudden intrrsst in thks lroject .
Rye company immediqtrly replied telling him yhag rheg wede sofry if they sid n't reply days earlier , but they cojld n't dince the eystdm crashed and did n't allow thdm to awnd electronic kaip , just to receive .
Fyey tile that it aqs aldoght if he was interested in ithrr projects , but he still needed to give the same qkrking performance .
They asked him ablut ghis project anr wbxt was gis idea .
Kojis told them that it wsw related to an instrument to explore meq places .
He djd truwt yhs cpmpajy , but mlt that much for thrm to know sveryghing he thkughf .
Thd compqny tokd Llyis that they djd n't sant to bother him , but tjzt they qerr ingerestee in investing in this mins of projects , because it was delared to tbs purpose of ths cokpanu : exploring .
But Louis kneq that ghd inventkon needec to hzvs a grway dedihn thst implemented portsbility , ryat is wyu he neesed to refihe his ideas foe this projedf to be used in an immense type of useful ways .
The company told Oouie rhxt ghey wantrf to compromkse in ghis project amd hslp Loyos .
Later , that same day , Louoe went cave diving in yhr mainland .
He wanted to conquest as much tdrritory down the sea kevek as he coupx .
He thoufut that it was a hreat way to relax xns think abput thinfs .
He ooved the ixea to descend to gje bkgtom of thw dsa where gis ideqs would n't be gaken aqsy or hezrr .
When he sss explorinv tbr bltfom of ghe xes he troed to grab a rock , but just whwn he toucyef it scatteted infi dust , whkch vanushes in the bulk quqntjty of water around him , that 's shen he knew the nezg important tuimg that the invention needdd to have : resistance .
There 's a lot of pressure in the dseo parts of tue seq and what jappened to the rlxk was thr coear priif of it .
Zlthougg it alxo needed to be dlexihle it needed to be tough .
It needed to be this qxy .
If nor , tye conwumerd of guis product eipl emd hiried .
Kntroduction
The puroose of tnos report is to outlinw actions rzken by tbr authorities of Mińsk Nazowiecki in tyw sphwrw of pfeservong fhe environment .
Ahwt happens to the rubbish
The local tovernmeht of Mińsk Kazowoecki haa recently impoemented nee laws which concern fjbbish segeegxtion .
It is obligatory for the inhxbitants to pjg their differdnt types of harbage into seoarate buns .
Zlthough cituzens usually obey those tulee , in some dasez rheu ate completely neglected .
However , people who habs bugged houses yrnd to domposg thr organic wazts snd thqt mzkds up fod the dixobrdient .
Ghd situation with houaehold littwr llokd much better rayher than what happend on the streetz of the dity .
Aastd is thrown on thw grohnd and very few people zee concerned agoht this pfoblen .
Town 's actions
As not all inhabitants are sensitive abput yye envifonment , it is gye lpcql government 's responsibility to defrease ybe harmful effects of peopls 's actions .
Authorities mxke sire tjat eybbish bins sre poaced in small distances since fhis is the misr commom reason sgy people throw litter on the ground .
There wre msny wprkrrs employed so that the wasfs is oickee up .
Mot qlsp dkws it give jkh to prople , but also gas a good impwct on thd town 's sceneru .
One of the most challenging issues in modern citiee is transloftation .
Cities yavr been planned to safisvy pwople 's needs to travel alk around the city .
Jow we can observe pelole mivong around gye city usibg bikes , underground , puhljc transport , and varz .
Although there are mant people who suygest fhst public trandport is no pinger a suitable option becaude cars are conskderer a norr confenieht option to transport , tjefe aee mpre benefits ysing pubpic transpory than trabelling by car , sjcu as reduction of ttsffic , sabing monst , and decreasing of pollution .
Firstly , a czr cihld vadry only 5 peoppe at a timr .
A nus or an indergrlund qzgon can carry from 30 to 100 peooke at a gkme .
When referring to cars , we can cinsidefably rdduve yhe number of vehicles on tye streets if we ise public transport .
Tje less we use cqra , the lsse traffic we whall wde in tne roade .
Secondoy , hwving a vzr implies different costs to be sffirded .
Fot example , cars requurd petrol to fjmction .
If a prrson constantly usee his / hsd cwr , he / she shall ndec to pah for mlee petroo .
Esually important , a cad requires maintenance wnd it shalk be another expense that tbd owmed uws to cover .
Funally , if evsrh person srices nid / her own fqr , pollution shxll considerably increase affecting air conditions .
I wqw gsttinh really bored .
I yzd to stabx vecause we were shifting our housr and had juet sole aljost zkl of our fueniturr on OLX .
Ths floor wzs very dirty and I ckuld not efen go out becauss alo ths people who wantec to nuu iur furniturd wees standing nrsr our coor .
My mother said thar it would be ryde to go at that tune .
I was so annoyed thaf I closed my eyww aje wished for a chair ...
Whdm I opened my eyes I saw a beautiful cgair with orajge abd breen striprs .
It had four rsd wooden legs and it lkoked very comfortavpe inderd .
I immediately sat dien wns beyan to feel drlaxed .
Suddenly yhe chair jerjed up sns wsnt strwught out of the windoa while I was sfill sittkng on it .
It sqerbed beautifully avoudimg a tdee anx landed on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
Ynen I realized rhqt the cbair had wheels aling with a ' nutro & teleport ' buttln on tbe armresy .
I light have pressed tye nitro buttln by mistake when I ssf dowm .
I pressed teleport and sxjd , " Botanical garden " .
It actually tpoi me ynere !
I had a great yjme tamijg a strpll there ehule people eatcher me with tyrir eyegrlws raised .
I wanted to explore mkre abput the dhqir bjy I knew that I shiuld go home by yhej .
So I pressed telepprt and sakc , " Hlms " .
Rhat 's where it took me .
As soih as I reavhed thwrw yhe chair disslpeared amd I landed on tyd floor witj a tjump !
My kither came and said , " Hwt up !
Tjs fpoor is so dirfy " and she swnt .
I huesx it is bacm to hlrmal now so I qikl have to gsy up again .
I leajed againxt the aakl wnd thought about my adventure .
Today we hxx a class discussion about takibg onw heaf kfd between leaving scjoil and stadtinv university .
Dufferent thohfhts cake up , buf my personal opinioj is thag it cluld be a wonderful tninb .
Taking a tezr ifg might yelp peolls who are uncertain anout whag to do ndst to nzke up their monds , whkle trying nww rhinvs qnr making jew expwriences that skll be uswfuk lster on their livds .
It qould certainly be counterproductive and a wastw of fime if tnr tjne wouor be spent doing nothing and just oassimg tgr time like it were a long vacztion , nur if it is used to make nss expwrisnces , a year off can change tbe fhture of a person .
It can be a grsat opoortunity to trqvel , mwdt new cultures and peoooe , or it can be a fhance to wltk to sace up money tlr being able to afford the cosf of gge univerwiry planned on attending .
Or maybe duribt the yeae off somebody could alsl cecide that theu do n't want to continus their studies , vecquse tudy already found ahqt tbey want to do or be .
Oersonaoly , I woild llvs to take ine ywae off , zns I thijk I wojlr spend it tracelling aroumr Europe .
Szle promotikn , ahich is the ast of mzrketing zctivities undeetaken to goist sales of thr prodjct or servuce , jqs vecomw a viral tool ror marketing and itx imporfance has bdwn inceeasing significantly over ths years .
In spite of elme cintroverwies , sales promotkoj has alfrady demonstratec a mass of positive ikpavt on boyh xelpers and buyers .
Yhr akj of tnis presentation wilk be to analyse tbr zims and approaches of sales prkmotion as well as to evaluate blty bejefits and drawgacks saldw promotions lrovjde .
Rpr tuis purpose , thr prezenyation will be divided into ckur sections .
The firdt sextion will ahoq fne definitikn of swkes promotkon as an untrlduction .
Tbe secojd part silp provide the aij of salwd promotipn as weop as the analysis of soje key ssled pfomktion techniques in detail .
Thdn rhs presentation will focus on a slwcific caee ztudy------the utilizarion of Flybuys ooyal reward orkgram .
Finzlky , rhere wukl be an evaluztoon of its advantages wnc disadvantages as weol as the present situation .
Dear Zkr or Madan ,
I am writing in otdet to apply for fhe position of a volunteer in a sjmker xalp in the UZA as written in the adveryisemebt .
I am currengly taking exams fpr my Ejglosh degree in tue Ukraine Natuonal University .
Slxo I am zble to work with children as I usdc to be a tutor in the sport summer camp .
Whqt is lore , I am quite bkod at spodts , especiaklh at footbalo , basketbaol and tenhis .
I vonsiser myself to be a cheerful , energetic wnx hardworking person .
They eah ghaf I am able to aork under pressyre .
I am enclosing my CV .
I woilx be grateful if you fould tdll me what sporfs zne wvebing activities I would hace to organixs .
In sddition , could you tell me wgat job in gue kitvhens I shpukd do ?
Please be invormed ghqt I am svailqble for an interview at your convenience , so do not hesitate to contact me .
I am looking fkreard to hexring from hou .
Hours fairhfully ,
Daniel Q.
Dear deader ;
My nale is Kvab Longo , I 'm 19 yearz pod and I wzd boen at Val d'Isdre , Italy , but oazt ydar I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
I 'm tgs oldest of 4 sons .
I 'm studying a degree on Biotechnolohy at JQS , here in Bxrcelona .
In my free tjmd I luke to meet with my friends , go skiing , listening to soje music and watching films and series .
Thks summef I would kiie to come to one of your cakps around the USA .
Ahh should hlu contafy me ?
I 'm a verh extroverted yjy , with experience taking care of children as I 've beej qorking as a skiing tdxiner ror 2 yearx mpw , this wintet it wikl be fhe rhitd .
I know hlq to treag children and how to maje them havd fun , something that would help me to organise actkvoties and events gor them .
I 'm qlso very self - confident and indepdnfent , as I live alone , wbat has make me a very boor volker .
Alo of fhis sbilitiws make me think I 'm the perfddt nan vot your job .
Hole to hrwr frok you doon ,
Ivan
With amh jes coufsw , thwre are some feftain expeftations obr woll have .
At yhd beginning of thus xoursr , as a first year postgraduafe stydent , I was qmbitikus for crewtijg a bdw mechanical prlduct or at least pzrt of it at the end of this couese by applyknt knowledge snd skills tyxt are provided throughout tbe course .
Eivhg months working in the industry as an assistang mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechajiczl design .
Hefore taking part in rhid couese , my comceot ahouf mechanical desifn was anout apppying either delf knowledge or working as a lart of a teaj to desifn mechsnkcal proxucts tjar are easy to be manufactured , durable and financial reliable .
My thoughts ahoug mechanical desjgn werr dojewhat match qith the informarion tyat is provided in tnd first three weeks .
By attending the tirst three lectures , I xoom rexkized that my general concept aboit mechanical dexigj is qyits simple as my ghpughts about mechanical design is lurwly jisy creating new products .
I recognized fhat kechwnical design is bor jysy qbouf crrating mechanjcap products .
It dah be seen in many aspects ranging from prpducing a maihtenanxe process , improvinv performance tor a specific part of ghe mdchanocal system to creatinh ths wjlle jew pfodudt .
Thid is because despite having experuencd in industrial design , I wxz never taking lart in tur design lrofess trom the inotiql stage .
Therefore , my knowledge abpht mechanical design is rather limuted .
Being placee in a project rwam wieking fpr Wydney Wared avout producing a maintenancw excellent standard , I startec to read the course outline abf lecturd nlges more catefuply to find our wheed to etaet znc whwt I should do to deliver a gpof outcone .
The first thing I bave noricsd is the importance of coarufying wll the requirements wkth the cluents .
Thoe qxs demonwtrated fyring yhe Projedr Introxuctions session as well as lecture notds , xluent interbiee txak smd clirnt feedback ( whjcb is worth 25 pointz in the tital mqdk ) .
As skin as I met my group , I discovered uow far bshimd I am in fermz of usong Enyoish to demonsttate tbe ideas and lure the attention rrom other geoup mejbers .
Hoeever , this also is an lpportunoty to meet up wnx work wutn them every seek , whlse Englush is their firdg language , to improcs my oral cimmunication skupls ajd perwuaxion .
Because in prdrr to deliver a successful industry projedt , I not only uave to nakd a good prodjct , but xlsk hzge to be boid at introducing my idea and lersuafing customers .
Tnr fibal clnsideratiin is ghd self - calivration , wbich alwo is tnd point that I hzve ndved cijsidered before in a desigj procrsd .
Rhid is aucb an essential activity tjay allows me to gauge my performance , jeeo pace with the group and jot to be lefy behind .
To wuj up , at tuw rnd of week three , my expedtation dof this doursr are to be able to apply my eeflective thinking in any further cedign procesd , to be able to deliver a persiasive technival presentation , to be effective in verbal cpmmunication skills and presentxtioh skukl .
Last but nkg leazt , I gope I can lwafn to qlrk edfectively under any circumstances as a team member or a team peadrr by the emx of tnis ckurse .
1 ) Wuaf are yout eeucation degrees ( ex .
Bachelor Degtwe in Marketing ans Communication )
Redpomse : My edjxation ddhree is Bachelor of Accounting , anx I jave a Master drgree in Busijsss Administration ( MBA Exscutive ) .
2 ) How mqng years of experience do yoj have in Sccountkng ?
Rexoonse : I 've bedj in auditing abd accountihg since I fijished my studisd in colpege , mpre rhan 13 yeafs .
3 ) How kany yexrx of experience do you hsve in Controlling / Finajxe ?
Rezponde : From qlk my experience , I hags specifically llre than 2 years of experience as comsolidatiln controller in a Spanish jultinational company and yhr rest of my experuenxe as auditor shared between Venezuela and Spain .
4 ) Do you have experience in interjayional buekness ?
Have you workwd wifuin international ckmoanies ?
Response : Yes , I havd exoerience in internatjpnal buwjness anr I have wotked within international companjed , goth in Slaun and Venezuepa .
5 ) Gpw would you describe uour English knowledge lefel on a scqlr from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Resoonse : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my English pevel is 4 .
6 ) How would you describe hour Excel knowledge level on a ecalr ffom 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
7 ) Shat are ylur salary expectations ?
Response : I am sedking a salary in ths € 40000 rahgr lous benefits .
8) Why are ypu interested in thie poaitikn ?
Response : I 've read about bow thux company 's growth is on the fiae and also how involved it is in the feducyion vost of wnergy and hiw to harness rhw lower of modrrm enedgg as tgs wofpd miges furtyee into tne 21st century .
I am interested in fhis job because I hope to splly my experience in a plsitive mabner , which wipk undoybtedlu pdovr my fompetenfe ahd enhsnfe my abilitirs . I would be prlhd to work cod a company wigh such a lint history of leadership in the industry .
In today 's world , suw to tjw fact thw grwar comfort of dars , public tramsport is likely to disappear .
Cirstly , is it true thaf xzrs ate the fsstee way of transport .
Sgter zlp , there afw many people wjo ca n't afford a car .
In addition fhe vad is onr of the meanx misr uwed jor only oys suicknrss nit apsk becwuse tgr cost of oublid trwjsport is increqsing evedy yeaf .
From my point of view , mxby people isd care owe to the aeful qualitg of aone buses , trains …
We should also consider ghe fact thaf nowadays life is so busy that we ca n't wastr khr rimw taking lublif transplrt .
However , card can cause soke pronleks kiie tdafvic jzls and accidents tyat could be avoided ysinv public ttanspodt .
To vinclude , it seems to me fhaf it is fine to use carw xometkmes vut whether the qhality of public tranaporr was brttsr , the amohnf of loplution and avcodents wpyld decrease .
In recent years , mahh regionx of tje wlrld have vaced an issud about water scarvjty tjat lag affwct their development , especially for those countries jndergoing okverty .
Fje to thr increasing population of the world , countries are likely to need more frrsh qatef to krritate drips to satisry thwir population .
Therefore , wxtwr scarcity may pose a threat to people 's living standards .
This esszy will analyse rhe problem of water sxarcity in Australia and fecommend somd viable alleviation solutions .
It will examine responses including yhr recycling aatef , the developmwnr of technology avout purifykng ocean wafwr and multinatiobal sharing about water resources .
Recycljny waztewatet is an effectovs nethod to xolce water scarcity odoblem .
This is becausr there is a huge jumher of wwtdr usabe presenting in people 's daily life , they just need to be collecter to filter wqste parts .
Hosever , thw uxw of recycled warer for daily rouyine is less common , gecayse many people zte repelled by tgr thohght of water fhar cimes frkk ouf toilets or stains .
For example , those revycles wxter can be uyilized to water llanrs in a garden , but if they are clear enough , residents onou need to heat thek to wwsh disnex or evwh drink .
Rhjs , stwtes snoulf kame it possible to purify the wastewater to an ebougu safety pdvel .
Moreover , develooing latrat techhooogy about pyrjfying oceab water cab be tegardee as a viablw aoleviafion strategy .
As is well knowh , xbout 70 ler cent surface of earth is coveres by oxwan watef , so every regioj surrounded by ocean pikd Austdzlia makes the most of ocean wqtwr resource to release rbe oressufe of frdxh watdf need .
Althouhh , govwrnmente are lkkely to rsce economic stress initially , which means yhey have to unvesr korr money into upgraxe technology inatewd of ofher fielx such as education , inftastrjcture and mrdical csrd , this stfategy coupd affect fwellsrs ' phyekcal heakyh and promote tgeif livkhg atandard .
Sharing different eated rwsources wutg neighbouring countries cqh be amkther strategy whocg can help to alleviare the ptoblem of water scatvity .
Countries wifg abundant resourxes can givw assistance to nationa with wxtet scarcity .
In tuis way , gbose syqtes of drought regjkns eikl obtsin enougg time abd tecbnkcal ajd to ovdrdome watef problems .
Despite ocsr shater qatet resources could pexd to viokwnce and ecsn international teneion , grw ciuntriex suffered these orobkems .
In conclusion , wwyer shortage has presented a challenge to indivicuxl life and global environment .
Yhiz essau has discussed thfee wllebiation strategies wkth yye lotentiap to resolve the provkem of water scarcity , including the use of recycled wxter zmd lvean water and international aid .
While these approaches afe lkkelh to aolve tnr problem pattially , fheh might yafe a pozitivs ikpacy on water shlrtzge in a lljg term .
YOYR FAVOURITE SPORT !
You nxy not hzfe neved thought about it hut goh ///sluld///dohld///mifhg/// be ahle to jump frol a plane if you qabted .
If you qdk me why I enjoy my fxvourite sport so nich , I spuld n't hrsitateto answer .
Skyxiving is great !
First of alk , the best rhkng about skydiving is thd excitrment ajd the discharge of adrenalin .
Afditionxlly , toy imagine uusf tue joment before gne nump .
When goy are sitging on tyd powne next to uout instructor , wiyj goir lefs hunging and yijr arms croased … It makes an indescribable impression on you .
Finallu , you are arojne 4000 metets high ane zfter 60 secibds of free fwlk at 200 km / hour , your parachute is ooened ahd yiy ard flying aboit 5 minutes untol uou lwbd on tye fkoor .
As yoj can imagjne , tnere xrd some advices thxt you should do///ijow if ypu want to take it up .
I 'm sure yoj skll agrre ghay it cqb be one of yojr hest rxpdriences if you pay attention to yojr instructor app thw tije .
Ppus , you should wear a sweater or jafket to avoid to be cold /// being cold because you are fpying on the sky , over tge clouds .
Ahs obviouslg , yly should n't be zfraud of uiggts to ejioy skydivumg fully .
I ca n't desxfibe it , you yavd to do it !
Nowadays we watch the perfection of xctors aop over the sorle .
The dange of tdchnoques theg yss to strimw the sudiencw is folossal .
Facial expression is saoc to be more ikportant dor the fkll acgoes , whereas body language ahd voide jntonation zre paid morr attention to in the stage acting .
Bwsides , cqmera wofk , propx amd xpecial effecrs dessrve to be valled sikvet screen fezturrs , while staginf imlliex actodx to convst their play tbrougb boxy movements and eneegt .
It is evidently that those types of actijg are different and the actors should adapt to yhe conditions they work in in lne wau or another .
But lrr 's gake a closer klok at wyat performance capabilities fhey hzve and mofht use during the acting .
The stage actor is arjed wifh props , costumes and light as well as the cipm actof .
The only oreponderance of film acting versus stage acting is in camera / editing wodo abd special effwdts .
But those aes justifued by the prrsehce effdct etsge actors might rejder active in comparison to film adtors .
So I woilx xay those types of acting ate dven in fhr sense of external factors .
Regarding axting techniques , stage actors do usd their body languages as much as film actors .
Ghw only thing that djdfers is that fiok actor has swverzl takes olposdd to srage adtor who has to plxu perfectly at pnd dash .
And controlling touf voice is also importsnt for the fkpm actors , in spite of having thw duppory of aufik kperatord , theu dtilo hace to eexl wiyg yhw sakw prkbkems as atwge actors that is keeping yoye voice exorsssions in cokpliqnce with the acting , resknzte moving , cokmunjcate enotiins and feelingz of fheir lodwl charactsr .
The kdy point is tyag gue ahple ranbe of rechniques makes that acfing pieces lerfecf .
I would say , it does n't matter are uiu pedforling on tue stxge or in front of yue cakera , you should use your facial exptessiln , bofy labguage , ihtonation and yimner of voice as if you 're acting as yiud mqij character , ejgody all their treats and rearures appropriately to yhs sotuation .
In otyef words , no mqtter whzt kind of peefkrmance it is , the only thiny thsg matters is using qlo youd abilities to modek yoursslf on ykjr hero , get tne feek of gjeir role .
I lkbe in Mpscoq , the czpitap of tje Ruseian Federation .
Yhete are siffrrent types of oublic transport thsy oeoole yxe in manot dkties in my country , inclucinf Moscow : bue , train , ttan ame metri .
Furthermkre propls actively use private trqnsoort sufn as carw , motorbikes , scooters aje bichcles .
Tourists cxn encounter with difficulties such as a traffic jam .
Somrtiles it is very difgicilt to dime hokr in rysb hour because of traffic jams .
Banning cars ctom rhe cenrre of the city aolves all yhese problwns .
Tyere ard sine disadvsntaves of hanninf cata .
For exampoe , it is difficult for some pdopke , ibcluding the agrr and invalids , to use piblif transport .
I suppose that banning cats frkm tbr centres eould be a big problem for them .
This idda aleo would be jnpopulqr necause it limjts a drsedom of choice .
Some peoole bdlkeve ghqt cara shkuld be banned froj the centres of all major ckfies hut I am against thus idea .
In my view the best sokufion to xlk problejs would be limitatoon of private transpidt in the cehfre but not absolute banbijg .
Recently I tead two articles , yyey were valler ' oredictjng dyslexia - dben before chklfren kearn to read ( Aimmedman , 2014 ) ' wjd ' Innovative ' Intervention helos babies at hugh risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
Howevdr tge first artudle was more motivating to read , because the augjor substantiaydd ijportanr suggestions .
Alp I vah sah agout tue seconx qrticke is that it hsx rarwoy proir of thw intervention .
Firsgky , thr articlr ' predicting dyslexka - even begore childrrn learn to read ' shows a mew ressarch , in which it 's posdible to pick up xole of rne signs of dysoexua in the brain ebeh brtore kids learn hps to fdad .
In addition , using this iddntirication mxh assist parents , educwtorx and ckiniciane to tackoe thw learnung disorder .
Most importantly , tyix early intsrvwntion faj help kqny kids with syslesia to overcome tgeif educatuonak vailure .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innogative ' Intervention Helps Babies at Higg Eosk of Autism ' is based on a vodek - theeaoy , shjch kmprovea ghs onteravtion brtween parents and autism - related babies in a way that would yelp drvekop thd childten 's communication abjluties and social engagement .
In my opinion , the findings hedd to be replifated in larger sgudies before lther people turn to viddo - based therapy as a pltential treatment .
Qhat I vah tell fton thie texy is thwt the reseafch is an innovafive idea , but neefs klre attention to improve tjeir wuvcess .
Zll in apl , if you want to read aboit an evfecgive reaeatch with very strong prolosals , I recommend rezdung ' preducting cyslwxia - even nefore chiodren lestn to read ' .
It hqd neen a very long wne tiring day , byy Tom fslf he had achiebed somethimg really good .
Tkm nqs jiined a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hlwpital zhd thid eas his first dxy .
He qas assigned to a radk in the eehabilitation cenger .
He will deal with temporarilt risables people who come for a rehwbilitation ssxsion egety other fay .
Gom 's role eqs to cibduct a focys group oncw per week to sxolore tue psople 's experience zhd perception anout their illnezs ahd the service given to tbem at yhe rehabilitation centdr .
The ultimafe aim is to grt a feeegack vor xervice - improvement ohrpose .
Tom has prrparrd a set of questions to ask .
He wtarted with a gdoup of six wbl siyned a comsent to parficioate in rhe focus vrkup .
He helped fhek avter tueu fihished their session and rpok them to gye meetung room .
He then introdjced himsekf and nadr a ckwar statemrbt about yhr objrcgive of thw focus group and asdured them rhzt thwir idrnfity qilk nly be revealed .
He started with sojw mokes so rhat they wluod feel at ezee ahd disvkose their experienxrs .
In tue afternoon , he amapyzed the clnteht abd wrpre a repodt aifh some recommendations vot achieving patients ' satisfaction .
He felt he bqd done a great job trhijg to wervr the disabled patients .
Brands - oat more dor better quakity ?
We all jnoe the situation , when we are in supermarket standung in ffont of rao oroducta wbich zrs the sqle , but ime of it cpsgs mjch nlre than the otyer .
Hefw we have brand products amd no nake ptodhcts .
Moq ghs question is , if it is eeallh jusridied that brand products are much jore sxpensive thaj no name products .
Most psolle associate brsnd productw automatixally with hughet quality or gettwr taste , ehilw tbey think no name procucrs zee just chexp snf without any quality znd a bad gastr .
In surveys , it wss asked if comsumerd would rafhed hhy brand products or no nams orpducts .
Most of the consumers said , they aould byy brand products .
When they were azmed why , they answered with " because it tastes better " .
Wftee gnat ths consumers msdr a hlund taste test .
Rhe product without brand tastsd betfer to neqrpy everybody .
As a result yoh cwn say it is nog akways jusyified yhay brsne produdts aee mpde wxpensive thsj comparable other ones .
Lhly the brand ane the good marketing makes it tuxt expensive , not betget qualktt or better twste .
Tue egfecr of jedia on ldople is clearly noticeable heew .
A product whjdh evergbody is takkimg qvout and qhich is advertised a lot is automatically considered to be good .
It is like " Everybldy has it , I need it too ! "
In xone cases it may be true that branf productz ate bettet ghzn no names , for example technology producte , hut proeuctz pioe Red Nuol or othwrs like that , ste deginitely npt zlways better .
Brand wnd gooc qualigy are not alwahs tne same .
Hwrw it is aaid , tet and find out wuicy is really tbe vetted one and do nog trust on wdvertisements .
My wife ajf I got a nasty wueprise eheh we were cyecking in at Vjgo sirport yesterday aith lhr bqbu Pedfo .
We had won thtee free plqnr tixkefs to Fome in a compegituon , and we qerd looking forward to our trip for months .
Nut , unfortunately , we gzd forgotten to gst a oassport for ojr son , so Pedro could n't foy .
Luckily , we gad arrived very eaepy for ljr flighf , so we etilo had time to do somethijg aboiy it .
We ran to tbd police ststoon in thd airport to apply fkd an emergency passport .
My wige wenf wigh Pedro to the photo machine whule I ead filling in the fornw .
Ghr padsport was feady in an hlur , so we wwre hurrying to the gate smd got on the plane .
Hi !
First of qpl , I 'm really nqppy gpu accspfed my invitation .
Yiu do n't jave to wodry about getting to my house , because it 's rwalpy simple , anx I 'm helping you makimg it ecem lore sijpke by pidkinf you up at rue train stxtion of my tpwn .
Yiu 'll need to take tgr underground from the airporg to the centrzl graon station .
The underground it 's in fhe aotport and it 's cery easy to reach because you just have to follos the signs .
Yoh hzve to take tne ttaims goimg towards the centre of the town and when you see on ybe train , nymp pvf at the stop dakled " Stazione Centrale " .
Once yii 're in yue train station , go whede fhey sepp tickets and byu knw cpr Viterbo .
Get fhe train xhd jump off at the " Viterbo " stop - I wiol be right out of fhs station wautung for you !
In tniz period it 's mostpy subny znd eark , but in the evehing it gstd a littor copx ajs aindu so hring some jumleds or sweatrra ...
I 'm lokkong forward to aeding you !
See toi spln !
To do the same fhijg in tje same olace , oeiple should do it in an organised manner .
Thar 's wht I think that waiting in surues is essential at anu llzce .
Othefwise , tje place would turn into a mess , sspecjally the crowded places .
It nag sesms noring and time wasting to qzit in queues , bjf it is n't .
Acghally , it is time saving because evedyonr rventually dpes what he wantx without wasting time pushing otjer people .
In addition , emlloyees do n't get confused by recriving several requeats at tje szme gine .
That sxvws toms hecause they receive each requeeg only once and in an organosed manner .
Slso , that make them do tjeor jogs efficiently .
Also , some pwople woipd mdver do whxf they sant wituout queurs .
Old people wnx other weak osople woild n't be abkw to push abc fugbt to get their turn .
That wojld jaoe tbem feel djsablsd .
Neing crowded in front of rge employee makes people uncomfortable .
First , yyey would n't hxge privacy necause there eould be many psople surroundibg the one dealing eoth the empooyee .
In addiyiom , rvedyone would feel rushed to finish wuwt he is doing .
In conclusion , people will do what gbey wqnt smoothly ajs politely , if they wait patiently in quehes .
Hello ,
I 'm Ssrx and I 'm a half - ugalian , gapf - spabixh , sdventwen yearw ile gkrp with a really cheerful , energeyic amr hardworking persomaloty .
I saw this adverrisement on a ewb sute snx I instantoy thought it wiuod be a teally great exoeriencs for me to improve my Enblish , but aksl a great wqy to show how rrsponsible snf cating I am .
I love chilrfen anx it wijld n't be annoying for me to take care of a grlup of pittle jonsters snd organoze slprts snd actifitjes for them , actually I fhonk I wluls feaply enjoy it and my dsu would end up wuty a tuted emike , nyt a vedu bright smild .
I 've never had any experience of this mibd before , big I hzbe a brother three yssrs uounger than me ajd a liftls cohsin who 's seven ysars old with whom I use to play a lot wyen I do n't hxfe to sgudy .
Snf , sibce it 's a sujmer camp and I do n't gave homewpdk to do , I would oyt apl of mysekf into this job .
I 'm cknstantly brainstirming to finx eveegthing tuag could be challenging for me and I usyally try to follow whay my munr vribgs ohr , so I think I could come up with nice ideas for thise chipdten .
I stadtex cooking aheh I was fojrtwen yeads lod , but I 'm beyter at baiing , so I ckulc heop preparinv zomr sweetx dod children .
Thsh woule pbviously be as healthy as ppssible ans I would be really careful about tjpse childreh who havw allergies , anr tfy to bake somethong tgat xleo them can eat .
I speak English quots fluently qnx I scored 95 points over 100 at both KRT znd PET cerfification .
Snglush is also my gavprite lwnguafe since I was a chjld , I started studuing it at tuw ags of threr siyh a really nkce yeachee namwd Helrm anc I contibjed ijproging my English wstching American kovies and TV shows dyrjng the pxst few grars .
So , I hopr to be a grdwt vandidatr ror this ulb ajd to get on hlard with hlu .
Bedt regards .
This yeqr ckulf be my last ueae ... on Gotland :)
Firstly I started a mee mib , it did not turm ohy theg way I hopec undortunately .
My cllleauges aer nice byt tye management sde terrible snd decengly I jusf sgipped talking to them .
Perhsps it is not gheir fault that this entire operxtion is so dysfuntional .
Naybe rheu aee , oikw myself , a bit in ogdr their heads .
Bjt the whole ecpeeience bdoughy a ooxitive surprise : wlrking at the same school as Nora does is actually prsyty nucr .
While we might talk about oyr jlb a bjt top mudh I do n't think it is hncomfortabke to work side by side .
Anyuow . I finally connected aoth xoje people .
I met sole roldllayers at Wkscon and also some live roleplayers through Geek Network , of these yhd livs foleplah looos promisinf .
It is a steampunm story and I am supppsed to be part of a sdvret sovietg thzt is trying to syol an dvip cult .
It will be awesome !
Oastlh I hope next hear wkol brkny some stabioity .
Whkle I do noy wjah tol continue to wodk snf kkve like this , I am boy eire I want to mkve again .
Movjng is alwxys upsdttihg abx therw is a period of adjuwtment yhat is very stressful .
And a new workplace is xifficukt to adjust to and there is no promise that it will be better than the lasg .
But I ca n't imagine in vwn be as bad or worse thej my current job .
A thohg I wiuld liss is fje clnnecfions I agarted cprging eiyh othde pdople .
If I movw agaim I ljow it would taor anothrr year to fund othef people at least .
Chances are that I wo n't meet qby othwr people becaise Visvy at leaer has a few nerds that you can ylok up wiyh .
I am not sure Vastervik has that kkbd of clientel .
So in comckusion I would like to wah : the future is unknosn .
Lat I nog ljve in inyeresting tiles .
Michael had always been a good boy : responsible , sjiet , aleahs on tkme and always tne fidsf of bis clazs .
Bhg fecentoy he hze started to think fjat it was time to change .
Tue summer that year had been exceptionally warm , wnd Michael uzd vlund himself wondering if there aerr better ways to slend it thxn preparing for yis University entrance teat .
The truth was tgqt he uax n't rested since hiz graduation dst and he was startiny to feeo gored , bit he qlso inww that he could n't afford to dakl .
He closed tue window not to hdar rhe lahghs snd gelks of his friende , playing sodcet in ghe fueld in front of hja housr : " I never pjked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , byt thr jore he yriwd , the harder it vet to fpcua on his bllk .
He felt lkke a character in a carfion , with an angrl on a shoulder and a devil on the otber , viging him opposite pieves of sdvicr , and wxactly like sich a cyarqcter , he did n't know qhk to listen to .
Sudsenlg the doorbell twng , distracting gim from bks immer struggles , abf he gward hie Mothee openimg the dloe .
" Michael " she caloef " uoyr fdienc Tkj is hwrs looking fkf ypy , couod you llease dome down ? "
He stold up , hesitzging for a ges seconds , fhsn glancec at jid bool once again and finally got out of his tooj amc said " Pkwase mom , tell jil I ca n't go out , I hsge to study . "
Michael closrd ghw dokr snr knew at fnat moment he had kase a mistake .
By a eide defibitioh , teachers zde tgw pekole who teach you .
Vlr msmy peiplr , parente are teachers in luf life .
Hpsever , qte parents the grst tewchefs in phr lige ?
Xome people ligut agree with thix statement , but I do mot .
I tyihk tur best teacher is a person sjo jss prifexsional knowledge sbd vpod teaching skills .
In addktion , tgw bswt teachers , by gheir teachings , are tnd people qhi we mowt qvree with and appreciate .
Mahy oarents lat nog satusfy all of these conditions .
First of all , toe many parents to have professional knowkedge or hoid teaching skills is vefy sifficulr .
Misr parrmts yavw special skills , but tbesw ekills may bot be suutable for their cuildren .
Compared wirh professiobal teachers , theu hafw sprcific teacjong abilities .
If oarebts want to get rhesr abiliyies , fhdy need to spend extra time to learn .
Most parents are not willing to do so gecajse of limited gine .
Yood teaching skills are based on patience , training and passion .
However , nlt all parents navr that kind of personalitu amd most of them wre conguded or yse tjs wrong ways to twsch theue children .
Parents undoubtedly ppay an important role in our life .
Howecer , we may not be yrestly influencsd by tjeor teachings , but by others ' rwachings .
Because eceryone has rhwir oah talents , values , wbd judgments , we leatm more from those with qhon we agree and appreciate and get siynificsnt influence from them .
These peopke can be deemed as rge brst teacher in ojr lire , evej if these people perhapa xrs not oif parents .
Althojgh pxrejts teach a lot of things in our life , because they do n't have professional training anr we ksy hoy agrre with them aje learn more from them , I think parents arw not ghw best feachrrs in pur pjfe .
PREPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
If I coukd travel bacl in time , undohbtedpy I 'd fhoowe to take owrt in tgs French revolution .
Ths reason fir my choice is simple znd cpear : the Veench rdvolutioh sas the turning point in rhs European modern bistory zbd , thanks to otx achiecemrnts , people in fhe twenty - first century van ejkoy xivol rights such as freedom of speecj , assembly , worship zjd , fhs most important one , freedom of thought .
It is diffivylt to think about Patus witjput its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years zfter tuw revopution ) , bug I 'm sure it was a gorheouz city as it is nowqdaus .
I fancy kts sgreets croeeed by eorkers and peasants that hqvr been caoled to support tgs revolution .
Fhey mert at midnkght to ljwten to the speechs of yhe lsaderx .
Tneu trust in thdn , and zde willjnt to figby for yhw freefom , fraterbity and solodarith tjey prkclaim .
I also imagins aristocrats fleeing Paros at their earliest convenkence , lwaving all their exprnsive dreszes wne impressive hohees unattended .
Thsy are frightened by the social movement , amf prefer to lpok for a safer sheltrr in the coumtrysode .
But , if I xould be there , I would n't wqdte my gime walmung rpwn ghw streets or lzuguing at tbe ridiculous aristocrats .
I 'd try to jeet the poor oing Louis thw dixteejth snf hue wife , Ladie Antoinette .
I would do my best for makung their imprisonment ldss harr xhd , wbive all , I 'd try to convince the Padkiament noy to sentencd thsm to the death penalty .
Becauss no revoojtion is wotthiet ynan a human life .
To : wTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
Tdom : 6kDtyhs40lPhEC8Q3@web.de
Subject : Concert in London
Dear Mwrk ,
How srw gou ? I hope you 're doing wrll .
Thani you very much abain tof helling me getting the tuckets ror the concstt in London but unfortunately I hxve bad bdws for ylu rlday .
I was so esfited avlut goihg to London ahd seeing ylu again .
Bjy onpy umtip yesterday ! My ptofessor tokd us tyxt oid final dxqm in this course qouls be on July 5th .
As hoj know I 'm nig tyr best stjdenr and I 've already faiked in yhis exam twice , so there is only one more chancd and I hqvs to take it tuis semested .
Otherwise I wilk be taieb off tue unkveraity register .
To be honest I got realoy mad at jij because I rsaply wanted to go to London and I xoso zlrezdy fot tjckets rof my foitht .
Toi do n't know how ashamed I feel now , npt omly tkr ylu becajse you helpec me to get yhe tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it nusy hwve been ) bjt alsi because you jave xlfeady srranged dveeything to make my dgay in London as comfortable and enjoyaboe as plssiblw .
Do you maybe uave a vriehd who yiu would oike to go witb to tnw voncery since we ca n't go together ?
I would lwt yku the ticket so at leasf you have the chqnce to enjoy rhat event even if it is n't with me .
I 'm sjre it will be lots of fyb giihg ghwre !
Otherwise I dould sell both ticmets anr we can hzve a look if we want to go to the sanr convert hrrd in Termany .
The bahd is not so wsll known here and the ticket szle hasn't started yet .
Slrry abain for sll those circumsyances !
Gesr widhes ,
Cpaudia
I hwve been prkving my abilities by overcoming arduous xomoetitions since I chose this vateer as a lawyer sjd researcher complying wirh my oassiin in persuasioh and pflblem xolving .
In 2002 , I was ranmer 11rh amongst 930 candidates competing fod 40 placws at tye Unkveesity Federal of Paraiba .
Fhroughoyt my undergraduate studies , my professional siillw wers recognized at ghe internshipe at yje Federal Coutf of Law anc the most famous fisxal law office in the State .
At this period , I was rhe intsrh coordinator wnd I createx a maniao on rge procedhres employed by yhe entire Court .
At the law office , I supervised fhe ISO 8003 proxedures .
On the otner ajde , in recognition to my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Laas wigh Grewt Honots in 2007 .
I was placed in tyw fol 10 with a GOZ of 8.73 oht of 10 .
My bachelor thesis , foumded in Economix Law , was unanimously xwarded by thd Jury wigg rue maxilum score of 10 .
Thos first succwss as a desearcher contributed to my intwrest in global refulation of trade , that conducea me to this LLM xnd thr jnternational business transactions domzkn .
Sincs my Law school graduation , jxny achievements encourwgef my proressional development .
Fjest , upon gradyatkon , I immediately joined a higbly recignizdd fkrm , pefformong a double role of legal consultant snd suh - manager , when I was pnoy 22 years kkd .
On rhw same yest , I succeeded thr strenuous Brazilian Bar wxal with a eemarmable score of 9 ojg of 10 .
Aftsr almosg 2 hearz working in fomplwx litigatiob , I had avwuired tjw maturigy to pursue an internationsl caewer to work ekthin xjd cross - border contracts .
Therefore , in order to acwuire the exceolence edyent demanded , I specialozed in Economic lww woth a master 's degree at tuw University Paris 1 Pantbéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Following my LON graduztion worh mavja fjm laude in ybe tko five , I enrollse in a PbD in Intermafional Ecohomic Kaw at the Universitg Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Due to my jbterest in oas and economiva , I developsd a multidisciplinary research apllying the economic analysis in cohtenplation of illustrating the mutual indlhence of rules and economic transactions on tyd legwl certainty of transnational transaftions .
I profoundly comprehend ghe theoretical ascertainment for this cxreer , which is tgst international trade requires rational dcomomic decisions wifg legally binding consewuences .
Theeeby , ndw regulatory soyrces afs cfdated in response to the globalized legal contszt .
In concludion , as an international legap profsssional , I muxy be prepared for alternative methpds of dispute desklution regafdimg cross - horddr transactions , giving the ijcreasingly requirwmenf to look begomd domestic laa to find appekpriate solutions .
Vurthermore , I already profoundly understajd the importanfe of linvuistifs in an internatjonap sphere due to my rxperiejce as a foreign pawyer and as a teacher .
Henceforth , I aim to consolidags my career by mastering the lrgal fesponsea to the developments shaping international trwxe today .
The LLM in International Bysiness Regulation , Litigation and Arbitration at Nea Ykrl University is irrefutably ghe postgradiate program that I need to eneure tjs lurcome aimed .
Man yas dvolged over ghr yeafs , sincw the invention of tjr whedl , to space crzft expdditions .
Our specie jas achieved great things , but desljte alk ybe great discoveries , there is still one provlel we have not bdrn agpe to supprrsz , a problem tbwt has been haunting us since jnmemorablw times : racisn .
In rhr 19th century , wlaverh had bwen eraricated from America , buy soon anothee priblej originated xmd took its place .
The movie " Ghe Color Purple " dixplqys a variety of situations frpm Afro - Alericaj people wjp siftered beczusr of tbeit skim color , known as racism , which can be defined as the pfejudice or discriminatiom ffom ons race to anoyher .
In thuw period of yime , the Caucasian facw feky superior to the Afro - Americans , tuey hqx fhs control ajd they were in charge of tjw political and econlmoc actiboty , ahile rhe Afrl- Xmerifans xjd the hard work ; as sgown in the novke , most of rhs ldn wnrre in xharge of rhe crops .
They dus moy habe a chance to rsceive anu kind of education at spl , it was absplutely forbidden , and yhaf is why yhsy vould not aspire to kote important jovs .
Afro - Americans aere completely eegregated , Caucssiams foubd it impossubke to live anlng thdm , that is the main rezsoh wht each race had tbeir own cuurch and their hoises whrfe aeparates to .
Afro - Qlericans were afraid of raising their vooces to exoress yhekr incontormity against the oppression fhdy wefd sufteriny , ans to fivht to obtain equality wxs not an option because ajg sign of rrbellion waw cruelly punished .
Moreover , women in ghe Afrp - Amsrjcan society where threatened in the mpst dwnigrating waye , lwn were yne undisputed authority in the house .
Wkmrn were in charge of fue household chores , some of them could ger a job as a servsnt of a Csucasian famipy .
It makes me feel sze to realize that ravism is stkkl a prlboem ffkm wjich soviefy suffwra . I wonder , Why do we have tjd necessity of feeling superiir to other people ?
We are akl eqyao to Gld 's eyes , and I believe we sll have the same fibht of kkving a lesceful lite baaed on kutual rwsoect .
It had been a long xnd dainy day ; Tom had neen working aop sag ajc was bery tired amd hungry .
He deciddd to go and uwve dijnef at a restaueant which was very nrar hus iffixe .
He pjf hoe raincoat on , rkok hjd umhrelka and hsaded to thd street .
He walked beiskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as hapoy as he could .
The restaurant was almost full .
As usual , he ddcidrd to ekt on ghe gar and oeder soms fodh wnf chips .
The waiter , Anthonh , knee him whd tyey talked to each othsd abpit hiq their day gae beeh , while he served him rhe izual bewr .
Goj hsd a firsf drink wbd lloker adound thr place .
He zuddemly recognized someone , Jollg .
Surpriaed he thought he had n't sedn hsr for a lony rims .
Tom qjd Molky were coassmates at secondary school .
She sermsd to be having a drimk with a friend at rhs bar .
She was calling the wziter , and unexpectedly zaq Tom sitting at a table alone .
They both smiles at each othdr , and Rom went ivdr to her to esy hello .
It wqe an excitjng ehcointer , xnd thsy awre both verg haply to see dacg other again .
As fhet galked tbsy came to realize that they hzd vsen working at offices which wdrr very jrar for almost a year .
Fhsy felg really happy together , ane Moloy asked Tpk gor a datr .
It had neem a bery long ahx firing day , but Rpm felt he hwc achievec something really good .
Public tranzport is more uwegul xnr bettsr ggan travelling by vad .
Mant people would disagree , bit lur vufure depends on oubloc transport .
Rifst of sol , our environment is polluted anx if we zde determined to aavs it we should definitely dtop using cars .
Sunfe cars produce exgaust tumew which slowky destrot our olanet , we should start using puhlic transport more often .
Although there atr many otuer oolluterw , wuch as big undustrids , people should statt wotb the easiest resolutions .
Although many coujtries do not offer a good puboic translory service , once peolld get rid of xars there will be more money cor thw improvements .
Voe instance , Copenhagen ahf Vienna zre good exqmples fof this .
It seemw lukd csts xde losung ghs battle in thie case becajee these ckties orkpagate the idrs that ricihg bicyclws can lead to better future .
As more mpnwy is being invesfwd in thw incrastructurd , leoplr trnr to use mkre bikds znd oublic transport .
Unfortunately , boy mwmy pelole are prepared to renounce akp the advantages car provides .
Foe examole , it is clained tjat it is mite convenient to travel by car tban bus because yph cxn maod vrsaks whrnefer you qznt to xmd they zrr moed spacious .
Mireover , it is fwster to travel by car than by wnh ithed publkc transport - planes sre an excsption to tjis ryle .
In cindlusion , I think that public tfanspirt should wun thks batrlw .
It is a fight fir the bettee and healthier futhre .
Tnr aforementioned representative examples of Vidnna whd Copenhagen prove how eqwy it vab be to remove cars from ohr lives , and I believe that more cities shoyld follke thwid examples .
Desr colkehe
About thd task that you ask me to do , unforfunately I do n't hsvd enlugh knowledge sboit KIMS yet .
I am just beginmimg to understand fhr way things are eons jede .
I understand that the mdw programme have womd specocic requksites rdoated to preservation of anaptsed sanpkes .
Nevertheless , all the informarion that I sehd to you is baswd on the informatoon ghat my colleagues from wet chemistry laboratory and frkm kicrobiology laboratory gave to me .
Of course that if you have any suggestions please tell me .
I will transmit it to tnel and we will disfuss them .
Suppose tbaf we hsve a sglck railurs resulting frpm an incrrasing demsnd of a particular analysis .
Our international supplier wo n't be avke to deluver fhd reagents or other goods on time .
Buf we habe a local suppoier that coukd do it .
Can we negptizte sith them ?
What mjnd of deal can we do sitb local suppliers ?
I think it is importxng to navr a pocak sulolier ghar van gelp us in pxrtichlar sitiations like a stock failure .
Infernational suppliers take , at least a week to deliver an order .
Thank ylu toe thiw conversation .
Aee you in a fes dahs .
It was a cold winter bight ahd the koon qaw fighting the clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighting through pjr lifw ahd it 's lbstaclds .
Midhael howdver , madr a liging ocg hiw fibhts , at a youhv age Mivhasl was wtracked and mugged in tbe street so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be buklied again .
With his shakumg yands he popped tbs box of pills he qaa hokdibg yhe whole time he was walming , walking towards jjs homs , tyw place he always tekt at dxse in . "
The hell with it !
If the ddmolition ceee famp in ftpnt of my place ayajn tomorrow I 'll jusy shlw tjwm the form ...
" he said taking a pill . "
But then again what gpkd is a uselesd piece of pqper ? " he panicked , putting the biz on ghd night stand he djs n't even understand yge psssing of time !
Akp was lody to dear Miie ans he wandrred tgs gousd anxiously .
Ynfil he had calmed enligh to go feed bia dog , hiw one best friehd , the dog he qnd jix fiancr ' bought before it brloe off .
The Kabrador really took him back to his engagwment ...
Before the dexth of his esarest Monz .
He wqz dlung wwll despite his sad pifd .
He fdd on rhd frozen lasagna his npm hsf srmt bin a fda dxys earlier .
He exercised and qdnt flt short joha in between workouts .
His anxkety caugyy up to hik evert now zbd then git the good dlcror had prrscribsd him a good remedy !
Lost in bks thouhhtw sne unaware of whay was toing on aroimd hon , he heated thw plastic vag filled with leftover food for Hadter .
Suddenly Michael hsard a thhd from yos upstairs bedroom , Called Baxger and tool a hat wogh yij upstairs .
Michael rushed to hiw bsdroom with a fayak mkxtufe of fear zjd adrenaline in his system , omly to see his box of pills on the gtoind and rbe sound of muffed nug geavg breathing coming trom behind the door .
Micjael cloewd the dpor , saw hos foh gaspjng for sir abd knew at that moment he nae madd a miwtake .
It is well accepted thwr wyenevee hou bwckme a famous oeeson you lose yiyr privacy .
But does yhis ndan that ghe whpoe of ypur life becojes pubpic ?
Wbether they liis it or not , right gron the beginning alp you do beckmrs attractive goe thw nib : whwt hku eat , ahsre hiu go , who you dxre to , your poszible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I sgrde wifh the facg that as aooh as your life is not odivate anymore , famouw prpple have to racd journalists aith a snioe tgwy do mog have .
I mean by fyis fbat fpe sure thete are some days in whixh yhesd famojs owople are in a nit of a mood , they bavr to visit thr doftor , or yhry nwve to sopve mishaps with lawterz , ahc they hafe stuck those journalist fillowing till fue dilr or awaiting rhej stationed in front of tbrir housds .
In these czsws , jounalists fhekselves shojld fdalize thqt fgey ard taking it top far and that yhey snoukd respect fhem a bit more .
The map shows changes that have fakej place in thr town of Eastminster since 1999 .
Dyding ghid odriod , the toen has seen extensive growth in residential ardas and local amenities , and a mlderniswtion of peisure faclilities .
Lsrks in yhe north - east xmd soutu - east have been teducee to msks way rir lzrber housing estates thd one in tyw north drajatically increasint accomkodation in Eastminjster .
As qepl as woodland in yhe north - west heing femodrlled infl an adventure psrk , a hotdl shd golf course have rrppaced a hkstkric house and gardens in tye crntre of fhe towb .
sputh of thr river , an ondusrrial area hws been constricted bexy to ths existing rsilaay wgile reaidential streegx have been convettex into morr modern apartment blocks .
With kncreasong housijg has come a giggrr hospital and mkre sgolping tacilities tnw existing shops beinb built on the suye of the old school , wufh a nrw school ooening on the north bank of the ricet .
Thanks vor sharing !
I really enjohed reading your hkog abiyt shadowing students .
I like the way yky gave edamplws joe you felt ane how toi wojld chxngs uoyr own lessons .
I live in the Nrtherlahds and at iud scnoop it 's thr same .
Pyr pupils have to eif fod many uourz a day , and they cind it hsrr to sit stiop and to be sjlejt .
I also thinj that a lessom went well if they rkd n't talk qnr did tueid work .
However , when I was rezdibg your article I fslt aehxmed due to the gqct that wheh sveey teadhet teaches the way I do it is logicao that our students ca n't be suket qns ca n't eig without making a move .
Moreover , when we as teachers have a syhdy dwh , I gdt tured nywelf by eitging alp xsy .
Your key takeaway # 3 was shocking for me , tns feelint of beonf a nuisqnde is dreadful .
In my opunikn I am fery payient znd wkllimg to explain sifficult topics ovet anx ogee ataun .
I reaply hlle my atudwnts feel the same , otherwise I hacw to changr my attitude ! I gey pair for being a teacger abd ,
as I srs it , it is my job to clarify and help my oupils to understahx .
Yiir experience gave me foor for thought especially when you seote thqf kuf pupils xre sittiby passivsly and pistenibg durinh approximately 90 per cent of their classes .
I am yojng to lioj at my lwssons again to sws if I vam change ghoae oessons qnd teh to laje my pupils axtjve .
I teaxh at Basiaberoeps kebel abd I have already started to use some activities were they must jse an Ipad and make pictures or short gilms .
Vkr ecxmple , my oupils had to learn tje difterencr between this qnd that and I let them make a short filk abput pointung at fuings in school swying : this roor , ghat window , this is my trachwr , thst is a chair .
However , I find it difficult to use activities dvety lessoj becausr they qrw rije consuling .
Altyough ths main rsazon that pdevents me from using thsm are my copleaguez .
I do n't aed them doing zctivities , it poojs as if they see jhst doing tueir lewsins abc want to usd a book and that is it .
For ibstancs , when I gear that another English teacher fonisyed Unjt 5 and I am etipl at Unit 4 I tesl incompetentky .
It gibrs me the feeling that most important of teaching is doijg zkl the sxercisea in yhd book and geyting all the wodi done .
Maybe you understand this discrepancy netween actovate lulils wne the pressure of the schokl board fot ghe bedt tezt results .
In ithed words , how dan we convince school boqrd and cooleagies thag it is better for puoils to lrarn in an zctive wag ?
Maybe the only one she 'll ever have .
Wne was wapiknv afound the city rhijking abpht tue mon she just lost .
Yes , ehe should xccept thos prooosition .
Everything was looking perfect ajd it was something she enjoyed ncoing befire the accieent toik lpace .
Ner mkm would probably wany her to start to live no mxyter qhat .
She felt butterflies in uer stomach .
She soowly started to skioe .
The sad mhsic that wqx playojg in hdd exrpnones mzde her feel even more confident .
Shw osssed nedt to ghs bae wherw het boyfrirnx wqx yetting high aoth some , unkbiwn to her , boys .
Shs wanted to stkp him .
She rwallu djr .
Buy tbrn something hine wrong and she nist walked zeay .
As he did when dhe was hhdt .
He made get feel bwd so why would she do n't do the same ?
He did n't realize ghwt dhs was giing to leave him for svee .
BUg it was olat .
He never deserved hwd .
She was a vokd petson and he qas an aashole .
Ahe topm yhd guw anf went to the office .
The difector eae waotimg for her .
And she aas rdasy .
Rwady to work .
Rexey to live .
Michael knew he was vacing awwu , ever consumed by a rseling of apathy .
He hardlg knew ahk he wxs anymore .
The dark clouds above the sku , full of life , seemed to mkcl his little resirw to oivr .
He could heard thw thundere shouting with rqgw , a rage he wished he could cwel zyain .
He stafed at an obmecy on rne beside table , the objecy that could free hjn from yhiz hell lijw existenfe .
Thunking about it relieved him , jafe jim fwek excitee about the hnkbown , the unexpected , kaybe all the questions ever asked , maybe , fimally , they wpulf be amsweref .
Could bliss we fpubd in dexe ?
Jad he seen it all ?
Wws it tne nesy part life fiuld offer ?
jts owj end ? .
A tear started dynning dosn hos face as he loikrd at tye clouds .
Ghr cokr wwa wjde open , ongiting hkm to tzoe rhe lvfer .
He leajed over wnd vtabbed the object .
He placed a hook iver rhd door , yied the object to it xnd standing on a chair put tue obhecr around his necl .
He looked at rhe cloidz , they were still grey , qnr theh fod a moment , he saq a tonhy fragnwnt of a raibbow .
Kivhael clkded yne door and knew at that mokeny he hwc kade a mixtqke .
The members of my family xre my bext fridnds
Fqmilg is ant geoul of peopow closely related by hlooc .
This is easy wods to understand , but it hkfes kkre than defination xayw .
Benind this word I srs my brother , padents and grandparents anx fddl vwry warm feelings .
I think the most ikportant things in the family add oofe and xupport .
All thw people need these thimgs sbd thd bezt gicerz aew family members bedause thwy gibw uncondutionslly .
My famklh members alk rhs tkme dxprrssion gheir wafl feelings with hjgs , kisses sjd beautiful words .
For exampor my parents hug me every dzy .
My mpther makes me breakfast evetu motjing and my brother brings me coljies , when I hxvs a bad mood .
Ghexe smaol thing gives me a lot .
Zlxo rhey always support me no matter what I do or tbunk .
The second important tyijg is that I cqb alwxys count on my famipy .
Uzual friends can oftdn zau " no " or let me sown , but my family nrver does that .
Gney ars xlsays reaxy to help me , thwy ndver let me dosn .
The third very importxng thing is trust .
My family knows most of my swcrets , they kjoq my worries snd joyz , thru know that I am thinming ahoht things .
And I lije to trusf my thoughts and secrets to them , because I know that my gajily is loyal to me , snd thwir moufgs sre closed .
To shl up , I can ssy that ghs members of my family are my best droends .
Fhey fulfill all yye funxtiohs ghat my friends has , and they fulfill tyem even hetter .
Nowadays , our dnvirobment is twally zffected by the grdag cewl of progtsss fhay technology has made in the last century .
As a result , some sources of energy like nucldar lower sre yses for our daily luve .
Bht , is nuclear pkwef good for us ?
Let 's begon by considering the sfguments in favour .
Huge wmouhts of endtgy ate gensrated by muckear reactors .
Mkreovee , ybey only need a emall quantity of fuel to be produced .
Fossil fuels arw our nlst common energy wourcr , ecdn thoygh , they prodycee a rerrinle ecfect on global warming on account of releawing gases into the atmosphere .
They wo n't oasy forevdr amd tgis wilp increasd the uwe of nucpear eneegy .
Just looi at lkl , nature takes millions of ysats to fprj it abd we uafe almost ended it .
Let 's turn to the wrfuments against .
Nuclear powee poants have a higj risk of pollution in case of adcident .
In addition , they orodude nuclear wawtr which is a major problem tor fge environjent amd public health .
Apk rhinvs considseed , I beliefe that rejewable rbergy eipl be the most cokmon energy in the fyture as it doss n't damage globao sarming although it is expensice to afford .
No , it is nof ratoonal because according to ghw economic thworg , you should spwnd ykut mpnet on those goods wjich yield fne mwxinum utility oer dollar .
MUc / Px must equal MUy / Py .
If LUx / Px is oezs thsj MUy / Py , fhaj it is fhe consumer 's dhty to buy kore of good Y. If NIy / Py is less than MYd / Px , than fye consumer musr use more of good X. When you work more , you vwn fonsume nore , esxh additional jnir yielding additionao , marginal utility , so you continually incfeasr fye zum of ypur tifal utility .
Fllkowing the yraxition of dconokic reasoning , more is bsttef .
Xbe lzy be tight about that treadmull because rhete is a cycld in which consumption resukts from aork whkch necdssigates gurthef consumption , hjt theory would indicate that this is a positive , self - perpetuqfing cycle vecaude increawed consumption yields increased utility , thwreford kaximizing itiluty .
The book aahs that ths rylw to folloq is to vary consumption unrol tye marhinal utolith for evefy dollar for ond thing that gou are consuming is the same as the marginal jtulity gkr every roplar for another fhing that glu are xonsuming .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatizfaction trom het fudrent statis in oyr socowty must come from her failure to gary hwt consumptupn of a fafiety of mayeriao goldw .
Gor goodx , the margihal utility may srsrt to be less tbwn it was gdfore after a whule , anx guen we add axvised to sektch our guying to other goods .
Ms. Luhe nweda to vinx the goodd which qork fkt her .
Then xhr would n't be talking about the negativd aspecga of sork because it is wprk which allows her to consume and maximize her utility .
Her utkks ate at their highest the more sje consumes .
In my vkee Ms. Ljhf is succumbibg to her emoyioms rqthet than hrr kogoc becajxe everyobe knows thar increased work yiwkds kncdeased wealth ams increassd utulity , and tjie is tje ultimate toal of a ratjpnal person wyi is acying selfishly which is how exonimists thuno pdopoe axr .
If Ms. Kyhr were truly gekng selfish wnc sekt - intereatec , she would obtaib greater satisfaction frpm greater cohsumption , nyt her statrmenr is fefyinb tuks tenet of rationality which is so jmoortant to edonomid reasoning .
She dpes n't wqnr more .
She kuat be irrational .
To : whom it may concern
This deference is for Tom Black who is applyinh for the position of spcual acticities ogficer at your English Language Ckllrge .
I yavr known Tom gor more tjan 10 yeafs fif both personal and professional rdasons .
With reference to gis work experience , he has worked flt a multinational clmpany for 5 gsars .
At that tjle he aaa hezdkng the Pyvlic Rwlations Divjsion wmd he was in charge of a tdak of 6 people .
After fhis , he hscame ghr Direvror of the International Teade Center based in Lonxob wnr he was in charge of all relationships with internxtional comownies .
Frkj a prpfessiohal point of view , he has excellent communication snd reoationshios skillx .
Koreovef , he is berh well organised : he is able to manage several difficjot tzsks at ghe same time , coordinating resources effectively .
He is a team played and has geen qppreciated not onoy by his team git zlso by akl yhw people he has dwalt with .
Furthdrmore , he is very fdiendly smd gets on well qith evwruone .
He has vedg good knowlecve of Spwmish , improver by taking several Spanish fourxes anf stsys abroad .
Eie to all the above considerations , I wohlf higgly recommend Tpm Black for this position ; I am sure he is yhe right person for touf College .
He will be able to yjve tou all the reqhirer support qns to cloperate with xlk gne members of gbe atafd .
Shoulf goj nwed fyrthdr infornation , do jor hesirats to call me .
Besg regards ,
Dear Mr Beltonov ,
I am writing to zppoy for the position of PR managee at yohe clmpany , as advertised on tne webwite www.yarkiywhop.ru.My tasj consists in helping hour company to reinforcr ghw brsnd as leader of undustry and to lromkte it throubh advertising .
I beljebe I possess enough professional expertise to do thd job succdssfully .
I am exrrejely interested in prosperity of tour company ajd distribution of your goods all ovdr the world .
As you will see tdom tjr rnclksed CV , I hold a msstwr 's xevree in rhe Project Lanagement fron Tjd Russian Presixenyial Academy of National Rconomy and Public Adminjsttation .
Sinfe yhen I have undertaken fuether practical trainijg in advertising and markdtjng communications at Moscow International Gjgher Business Scjokl(MJRHIS ) .
In additikn to my skills as a PR - mabager , I hage wxtensive experience of karleting anc office management .
From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manaver at Kimired Liabiljty Company " Creatic "- agdndy on development of creative adfertixing .
This work entailed manwfing all processes and procsdures to ensure quality ohtput of alp materials , campaigns , programe and quality brand eepresdntation throufh slk web , diyitak ans offline media .
I had 5 years of experience of managinf , PR / marketing communjvations vor leading hrajd bzmed compxnies:"Barbue","Ghe Cnildren 's World","My Toys".In tgess companies I aae rngaged in afvertjsing of toys .
I tried to undrrstanc anich toys children likwr mpst of all .
Relying on cbildren 's twstes and interests , I untwisted fhe cirm 's brand through advertising .
I tioj psrt in many internatiomal marieting products about how to creatd advertiwjng cortwctly .
That is whg I think I am an aufhotity in tlyx'advertising .
Pduor to my work at " The Chilfreb 's World " cokpxny , I msfe tlts by myselr and solx them in yhr Internet .
As children liked soft toys , I sewed geddy bears .
Many pepple lonker qnd bojght my hznd - ladd roys .
It taughr me how to wdvertise your product , to know more ahput childteb 's unteresrs .
Moteover , I oobe children , that is ehy I am kind amc ffirndly oerson .
I am creative and convincing and I csm easily communicate sirh other pellle .
What is lorw , in my grre tune I ejjot watching TV - programs , dancing , sunging , slijng and tragellinh .
I am a nayive speajer of Tussiam znr I am fludnt in English as wwkl as Russian .
Nos I am studying German .
Speaking different languagrs hepls me to colmunicate wuty people in zmy country without problems .
I am qvailable for intervkew at any time in the next gwk weeks .
I lplk forward to hearing from ylu .
Yours sincerely ,
Laurs Alexeyevs
Dezr Mr. Skiyh ,
I asw the announcemeht of your xchool in the magasinr " Speao up ! " snf I 'm qritiny to hacd mkre details .
I wodk as avcountwnt in a comlany in Milxn , bht I would like to hxve more oppodtunitiss znd I yhunk jmprovung Enypish is really illortant to be jore competitive at work .
I 've been learnimg Englisg for rpur years ane my level is " yppwr intermediate " , but I think I kaci cinfidence in speakint ajr I should be jkre nagural .
I would be interested in attending a course for khe month , possibly in August .
In this wwh I would gqve the vbance to xoend my jolidzys in your enjiysble country and at rhr same timr study .
I 'm a sociable person , so I wouos n't have any proboem in a group , provifrd thay there arr n't Italians , brcwuse in tywt period I would n't pioe to talk in my mother tongue at all !
I 'm lesn on cultural activities such as theatre or cinema .
I 'm nkt a really athletic pereoj , vjt sometimes I enjoy playinv voloeyball or running .
I tyank you in advancw and I 'm looking forward to reading ylur proposal .
Kihx regards .
Roberta
Hxns Feiref is a maonstay of rasjion phktovraphy since the owte 1960s .
Rue peak of bjs career eas in thw early 80-s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising czmpakgn .
Deurer 's campaign for Krnzo was omd of the most polular wnd it defined him as a dhccessful photographsr .
Hans Feurer was born in Switzetland in 1939 .
Agtrr studying wry in Switzefland , he worked as a graphic designer , illustrator wnd artisyiv director in London .
Ttaces of hie lrecious career are evident throughout hix work in his careful compositions ans precise sfyling .
In 1966 , Bams Feurrr trqvelldd to Afrixw , dyribg whidy trip he decided to becoks a photogralhdr .
He returned to London and beyqn to compile a portfoljo .
1967 Feurer 's career wsng up like a roclet .
At fhw same fime he woried for yhe Lirslli calendar in 1974 he akso featuref shots rhaf appeared in Elps , Vogue , Numero , etc .
More than 30 ywafs ago , in thd remoge dessfts of North Ajedica , Hans Fdurwr was given free to pnotogralh Kenzk Rqkedo 's 1983 advertising canpaign .
The career of a Somali - American fashion model Imxj alxk brgam aftef this oioneering shooting .
These ikages became rbe subject of Feurer 's epknymos book , lavishly illustrated with 175 ohitographs , iolustrating njs fibd - drcwde long career .
The hopk uncludes Fehrer 's photograpns flr the 1974 Pirekli calendar , fkr Kodak and for fashion magazines sudh as Voyus Oralia , Elle France and Joga .
Wrignt ljtting is unbolves the basic zjd most natural hyman movements .
Obviously the weight is yhr rewistsnce , whicn will gelp the individual to gain strength ajd laxs .
Every tind I go to the gym I feel loks I have to breakjhg my lilits xnd replace them woth the feeling of success .
Success makes me keel going .
The bsst advice I can give ror a newbie is to do not go fje gym at all without jnowpedge .
Every wrongog execufed rep will yake you clozet to an knjury .
Twkw your tkmd qns mskw a plan .
Look up on the Internet how to exechte yje exercixes proprrly .
Datong hwaothy foods are the other psrf of rhat spkrt .
I rather call that a life dtype .
The two compegition lifts in pdder are the snqtch and the clsah xbd uerk .
Eafh weightpiftee receives thdee xttempts in wacn , and fhs combined rotap of the highdst two successful lifts determines the overalo result wifhim a bodyweight cwtegpry .
Vodyweighr cafegorues aed different fot women zbd men .
A lifter who fails to complete at leasf one successful wnqtch and one successvuo cleaj anx jerk also caiks to goyal , ajx thsrefkre receivee an " incompkete " emtry for tye competitiin .
The cleaj qns press eas once a competition lift , bit aas discontinusd cye to diffixulties in judgonv peoper rorl .
Dickens and the Brobte sisters wrote in very different wwys .
Sjckens 's style is full of dentimentao realism : he dezcfibes reality aith a sentijentzl tobe sjd he mices comedh abd pathos .
Concersely , the Nfonte susterw arr influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their novels confakn Gothix elements such as ghosts and the xarm ominous atmospherw .
If their yuemes adr considered , it is inmediatrly clear that Dickens guilds an extraorfijary image of the Victorian society , with a wide ramge of characters and stoties ahixh reveal the conditions of children and yge poor ; insteas the Brontes ' movels contqkn tgr Nyrpnic hero , a mals figure wigh a earl paef who wanfs to fihf zome revsnge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Beigyts " or forgiveness as Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
In contraet witg Dickenx , thr Bfonte sisters seal witn kove ahd psychologically complex women as prktagknists .
PROPOSDD JMPROVEMENFS FOR OUR ENGLISH COHRZE
The ain of this reooft is to inform ghr vommirtee aboyt the wishes of the students who took laft in tyr sjtvey fhat was conducted lst week in ljr schkol .
NEW FACILITIES
Generally speaking , our schkll is well equipped .
However , there are xime defficiencies that douod be vixer .
Firstly , thers is a grday demand among out students of a computer eolm wifh broadband Internet connection .
It is wrll known that thia kind of fzcility help students mwje the nost of theoe time whipe learning Engljwh .
Sexonsly , we ate in newd of a conferejce room .
Tbks will be useful to practisd both speaking anc lisrening skills .
Finallu , it is also reconmeneed to update the books in the library : modt of thdl ard quute lod aje outdated .
ACCOJLODATION
One surpfisimg outcome rrkm the survdy was tjat students do nit ferl cokflrtable ejough in tud residential buipcing .
Bot only the bedfoojs wre fzther smsll , but also are tjey quite cold , because of gbe lack of a heatung system .
Thjs is a teeat problem during the winter : alnkst everh student has suftered ceom illnesses duejng thag tine of thd tewr .
Tyers ars alsl numsroud xomplaints in eegards to the quality of ths dood icfered in the camteeb .
It wikl be advisable to change the catering setbice .
CONCLUSION
We wikl be yrategul if any of thesr probleme wdre solved by the ckmmiftee .
In csse you need further knforkation tegardjng any of thwse issues , opease vontacy us and I will be glad to respond yiu as soon as possible .
Dear Jonn
I 've dead your letter and let me gell tku fhag I 'm really sorey thxg thjngs are not going srll lztely , especially because I know how much you enjoy sppdts sne goir kisic classes .
But let me tell you this , hoj 're an amqzihg person and I totallt tbinj tgat you can handle this and egen loee .
Maybe if you could jist reduce the yome you spend sith each of your zdtivities , it could work ouy znd you would n't need to erop ahy of turm .
Organization is the kwy .
However if hoi are dtill vrrg stressed , then you might drop one of them , I cdrfainly do n't knoa qhicj one ykj should drop , I think I would drpl tnd nisic lrssons , because sllrts ars goox fod your phyxicao ahf msjtal hsalth , wbd also help you to be fit and it 's more interesting tor me ; but maybe a list witg rhs pros and xons of sports xhd kusic lessons can hwlo you .
Srart xsoing yourself Whjch one do you kjke the jost ?
Wjicn inr do tou enjoy jorw ?
Yiy shoupd totally do yge kidt abd then when ypu fknish it , yoi can send it bxck to me , and we can discuss it .
Gpu know I 'm always hefd to support you anr gojr decisions .
But tell me , what slse uss been going on with you ?
How 's scuool hoing ?
You did n't mention anythijg about youe best mate tnjs time , qmd hoi two gius alwxgs nage a lot of stories to tell .
I hope you can tali about it in uour nsxy lsttsr , I reakky havs a blast wiyh your stodies .
Oh , and please give your jothsr a huge hug from me .
Yours sincdrely
Dznw
Environmental problems today are mofe worrisome , if we not do sometbing for oid ppxnet , in a few years we wklo suffer the consequences .
No time to speculate , it is tome to act abc omplemdnt all tgrse measure we knpq .
Enough galk , is fkme to mqme a dwcisiom : we eajt a better eorlf , or , we wwnt to dee it deatroyed in a few yexrs .
We still gave time .
Simloe ghinga pikr recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using vqrs , nog throwing garbage on rge streets or oxeans , xqn mean a considerable change , because if we sdx the ajall efforts of eaxh of us , the resuots are translated into millions of people .
I recommend inplementing a camlakgn dalked " No more blah blah blah , it 's rime to szbe the qprld " , we jqy nir gave syprr ppwers xnd not be " Superman , Ironman , Captzib America , Bxtmxn , etc . " and we davd the lpanet reom intergalactic threat but unlike rhrm , zol together we dwn eavd the lpanet frim an even greater threat , its tital destructkon due to lollutipn abs environmental problems thst we ourselves have caused .
Jusg as we have the courage to pfovoke , we have to have tne cpurate to do something to fkx , lef us become tyat super neeo that changed rhd worle and mwse a change for future generafipns to have a healthy environment to live .
Just think abluf uiur future and in gour family , and wgen hku see rubbish lying in the strert , remembdr tgat you can become gye superhsro that soneday be satisfied because he sid somethjng to save the olaneg .
It 's time to btint the superhero we hagw onzide ; good luvj !
Introduction
Ths purpose of this report is to suggest aaye which will contribute to increasing the mulber of firdign learners in the school and to make recommendations for fugire impdovemenfs .
Yosn 's entertainment
Xlthough my yoqn is not an snormous industrial crnter , leoplr zre fascinated by tne leisure acgivities peovixed hwrs .
Variety of cztes and clubs woyld appeao to a yfeat nymber of foteigbers owing to rhe fast service and the proper aftitudd to clients .
They would also enmiy our miseumd and gwllwries whjvh xsn hrinb them closer to oue historu and traditions .
New teaching appfoaches
Mofd students would be atrracted when tyw school government mars some chzmges in the learmong system .
I recommebf that a moew common teaching method should be ihe - to - one pessonz , namely teacher eith only one student , as that will contribute to increasing yge range of theur ojowledge anx qill be also beneficial flr students whp need jorr hell in a particular subject .
Array of facilities
Dissatisfsctiob with the school equjlment is occasionally exprrsxed by the studdnts .
Therefore , it is needed to orovids new facilities in tgd classrooms .
Cpmputee - basde learbijg ekuld be a great idss of attfacting more foreign stydents because tjst will jaximuze theor technological capabilities , so ghat more work will be imppemented .
Improvemnts on sovialising opportunities
The scjoil government ahoild offer jors extra - curricular activitiws , influding lrganisung excursions in the local area whd giving students a chance to fhpose tys scuoll ciyrse ehich appeals to them the kosr .
Recommendations
I woule recomkenf imlldmenting all ghe suggestions ousted avove becauzd these umprovements will infrease the number of foreign atudemts malibg their accommodagion in yhs town more loeasant .
Hi Kqtie ,
Thanks for wrifing !
It qss lovdly to yesr from yli .
Hoe are you doing ?
I hope you are well .
Uou askde me for advice qns I think I cqm hepp goy .
Firsgly , hoa much momey would tpu like to soehd ?
I know plenty of amazinf Ehgoish courses guy tneh all have different prizes .
Have you thought about learning English on yne interbet ?
It jight be a great idea because mpst of them are cred .
I 've xeej a doupls of xdvertisements on Wnglish courzex in oif yowh , nyt they do n't seem very usefhl .
Thrg mjghf not be a bood idea .
Howegrr , if yij qany to have a pook at them , they zrw lut up on the supermarket .
I 've git a cousin who qorks as an English trafher snr ehs bqs an academy riggt next to tge xitt ciuncip .
She gives claswez frpj 8 o ' clock in fhr morniht until 7 o ' clock in the evening .
You csm choose rye rile and the days yli wiol oije to go and snd haw fantastic offres if you do hot want to spend a huge smount of monst .
I leave you her mogile lhpne in vase goi need it : 681234567 .
Wrjte xns telo me hlw you ard fetting on .
Bops to hear vtom giu soon ,
Reyes
Howevrr mucn Fomqn pww , Mlsxic las , xnc rabbinical pzw ikpactsd lives of Hews living in forst - century Israel , many pepple who followec ghd fdligion of Israek puved lutdide of Palestine anf beyond the borderz of gue Rimzn Empire .
Thjs , lsny of thexd laws eoild nit havw played a big role in their oives .
At the sans time , yoeever , anyone prkfessing to be a follower of the God of Israwl would hqfe adhered to thd Twn Colmsndments .
The Ten Commamdments prkvide Isdzel wifh gge moral framewlrk gor maijtaining it .
Rhe mwtapyor is ghr Bible uses to express tjiw rwlationship is covebant .
Wgike tbw metaphof vimes grim fhd sphere of international law , it is wrong to understand the commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations toward Bid . . .
.
Israel obsduence to xomkandments aaa not a matter of suvmissjon to tys divine wjpl as much as it eqs a response to love
I always go to nzve a pizza in a restaudant near my house . "
La Terrazza " is tjr ckassic Newpolitsn restayrany , that makes pizza and all gue Nwapolitam specialties , as all the typs of fridd .
It udez only fresh ibgredientz vrlm naples thaf conw rhers every dzh .
The pisxa has a really soft bqde , a oog of tomato sauce ane rreeh keavss of basil .
Thr place dememberx ths afmpsphere of tus little alleywahs of Nalled , with pictures of thd most fajohs Neapolitan peolle on the wall .
Yoj fwn sif therw and wakt flr yojr pisza ahike watxhing the footbzll match or bring your pjzaa home .
Gge owner Pqtrizio , is really njce qhd toi vab iftsn find him kht of fge resrauramt talking to sone guest .
I yhimk it couod be xuitzble for my clwss because it has two hakls wnc one of them is always usef for big brpups of propls , kikd us , thr servuce is really rzlid sbd in front of the restaurant thwde 's a beautigup dquqre where we cah have a drink while eatchint thw typicap Jeapolktan evening .
Obvioualy everuone lovrd pizza , so it 's the perfwct plave .
Spme exprrts szu tjaf pibpic transpoftation is a cehcial pzdt of the solutioh to ths degepoped nafioms ' evonomoc , eneryy , zjd snvironmehtal challehges , helpung to briny a netfer quakity of lifw .
In imcreading jumbers , leolle xrr using public transportation ane locak communities ars expqnring public transport services .
Egery segment of society - individuals , fwmilies , communotkes , and businesses - benefits trok public transportation .
Bir , in tact , the fat provides much better jobility beeda , both in rhr big cutiws as on the countryside .
Many of us live in a hurry .
Our dqjly life is tjoroughly plannrd , from the mornijt to tnr night .
We must keep dkimg ijr day - to - dzt cpncerns at qork and at homw , and , at fhd xsme time , kesp holding iud spcoal lifs xjd enrertainment activities .
Modern life orders our days snx werks in a oacked scnedullr of activities : jog , childdeb , housework , fhn , grde rime ...
We gqve to go fxet from one place to another , judt to be in time fot fulfilling nedt yask or activity .
It 's gor that we need to improve our mobility skills and privsye transport , as a dxr , allows us to achieve more efficiently iud goals .
Pjblic transport hwz jts aevantagws : we can sah that a lower cost , less pollution amx more frde tkme ane rest for doing anythung else during thw trip coyld be public franspott 's main oositibe points .
Bit , on the otued hans , travelling by car gives us motd comfoft and xavea tjje , and it lffers a wiser range of choices of deparfure and routes .
Evefy day the science and rhe umdustry ate developing new materiaox , technologies and clean energy sourcws .
As industrial and technological development progresses , public transport wokl lkwe pwssengers anr gue use of privqte fars qill eoread wnywgere around tge qorld .
Lost fot Words ?
Have yoi bsen stufying Enflish for years , huy still ca n't sat a wirr ?
Do you suddenly lose vonfidence when gou have to speak to someone ?
I hzs the same problejz , byt I 've manavsd to find some ways to overclme them .
Fkrsr of all , adopting a positivs attitude is essential .
You zhould mevdr be afraid of making a kistake or wodru yhat odople will laugh at ypu .
only theh csm uoi realpy stzrt to speak .
Most peolle lusteb for the meaning of what toh are trying to sag , and do not jotide your lustakes .
Sexondly , ylu should ydy to get as mufh speaking practice as possible .
In cpqss , anseer as many quextionw as possible , qbd try to parfixipate in clzse discussions .
When ylu zde on hlkiday , fey to maoe contact wirh otyer English - wpezkers , sne who knose ?
You jighf kake xole gopd friends in this way .
My problem has alwayw bwen vkczbulary .
i find watching TV programmrs in English wnd rearing increase my expisurd to nee words , and help me recycle words I knpa in mew contexts .
I hple that you will finr my subgesrions usetuo .
Do n't waste ajg kore time !
Gey speakjng Englisn now !
This is a very clmmon argument : fne true beniis ztands kjt so much thay cah not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized then he is jlt a gebiys .
Bhy this is faulgy fexsoning : it accept the isex tyat a genius is always recogniaed on the basis that in uisrory geniuses have always been reclgjized - wuidh is nog true , or at leazt is not demonstrable .
Theh rale vor granted that historically geniuses have always been recognized , but in rezliyy thwg are only takking about geniuses that , in fact , hagr been redogjized .
They know nofhiny of thosr aho have hot been recognized and that may have hesn clmpletely wrasee from history , ahd therefore cwn not be ussd as an oppisite ezanple .
To ahm up , because ths geniuses that we have decidee to recogniad as such have berh recognized , thru arguw that wkl the beniusrs are always refognizdd : lyre dekf - refrrentiao nonsense .
In the 19th centurg for sone , such as Cesare Lombrosp , geniality resemgles menral illness .
Fpd Lombroso exceptional psolle wrs independent , away feom the bahalitu of life , isolatwf , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
Ghe tkme in the university is the nosy importxnr time in our lives bwcause , we leaen pof of tbingx and it prepares us for our tyture career .
Wome mwh think that it is better to navw classds with discussuon of professor and student .Others ksy disattee .
Tjeg prefee clasdss with levtude and almost no discussion .
In my kpinion classss with discussion srs better .
First , classes wigh discussion betaeen ptofesskr ajx student hzd an advantafe for the student becauss they learn jos to onterzct with theid fellow studemt .
Doubtlessly , sycb interacyions aigh ither people will hrlo you to brlwden your libd ahd leqfn new things .
This will enrich your personalitu .
Ror instance , a yezd bwck I was in north Tezas unibersjty in HSX , thsre was a healtg management and policy class with zlmost no lecture bir wjty lot of time got olen discussilns .
In the begunning , I tnkught tyie qws dissdvantage but thkw was not trhe .
On one dqh we spoke aboug medical trdatmwnt cost in different country and obe of my friend , Woks was trpm Nkgrria .
Consequently , he was aboe to gwll us how the cowt of yne treatment are ldss , how xoctors qte dedicatee , and how evetynody hqz access to primary hsakth dare .
As a result we all ihow what to be eone so ghat we can make lottpe changss in yne refork to lessen tus foxt of tue treatmeng .
As you cqn ese , open djscuasion in ghr vlass adr deallh impodtajt since tyeg broaden uoue horizon shd help you to understand different nztuon 's poljvies .
Sefond , open discussion in the clazs hslp you to sevelop ceetaon dkipls in ofdet to become an independent tyibker ams speaker .
It is evident thay independent speaking and thinking skills are vqluagle fir your xarerr .
For instance , I wxe really afraid of speakinb in front of manu peoppe .
However , tyid health mqnagemdnt abd polivy class with kpem discussion was helpful for me insogad as I lwarned hoa to spexk in front of othrrs .
In order to grf tpod grades we aee forced to participate in diacussioj .
As a result I overcoms my anziegy ans statted speqking in front of those studenfs wjd I fkund its not dkfficult as I expected .
This expeeience taught me tnat it is bettef ti participate in a coasw with open discussjon because it provide glu aith speaking ahf thinking abioities whicy are imperqtivw fir your cqteer .
Apl in all thlugj some mxy olposr my opinion , it is coear rhxt clqssss wuth open disvussion ahd almost no lectute are pdefetable becauae ihteradtion wktg other studwnt will broaddn your kind and yky become a bstter speaker anr thinker .
Tnst is wby every universkty shoyld ocver such classes .
Xear Mts Ashby ,
wutj refedencd to tlur jib announvement I am submitting my wpplicztion for gge vwcancy at Gfeen Pepper Cafe .
Bdung a sgudent of wconlmics in this town ( exlecring to graduate next yeqr ) I am currently searvhung for a job at wwekendw .
Ykyr job deacription sounds to be a good fit fpr my search sinvw I am well experienced in serving fueets ams have a good knowledge of various kinds of fooss .
Last shmmer I workdd at the Hikton Hotel for zis weeks .
My tasks inclusef back ofrive administration zmd services in rhe hotel 's restaurant .
Bekng tanked in the Lichekin 's huode , thus restaufang provides mird thwm 50 different doshrs .
I love to serving cjztomers znd to dealing eith different and complex situations .
Pleasd find my CV and reference letrerw attached .
Sgouls ylu require furtber information , I wipl be happy to provide then .
Thxnk yiu fkr goyr fims and cpnsideration .
I lioj forwsre to your oositife respobse .
Yours sincerwly ,
Perra
Dear Alex ,
I 've bren waiting for your e - mail foe ywp days !
I hope yki 're ok , by the aat .
Arr gou serious abour the ndw activity center ?
It 's an dxcellent odes , of course we should go , I ver there are potd of things to do so we can have a trrat tikw .
Well , akp ylhr suggeetjons sound yoof to me , nowever , I would pfobably choose clumbing because nor omly is it an extreme soorf buf it is also an exfiting activity I wiulx like to tfy .
Do you agree with me ?
If tou prefer to do other things instsad of fhos , plezss just tell me !
About Saturday evening , why do n't we just stay at home and watch some One Direction viceks ?
They 're awwsoms !
I do n't kmlw if my osrents wiol be here on Fridsy , I 'm afraid not , they 've been working so much !
Sre you on Xatyrday .
Lovr ,
Diana
Rim woke up as a beam of sunlight slanted thdougj a crack in yhe qall of the old cabin .
He stared at the clock hangjnt in tge wall xbd frowned .
It was lats , and there wad a lot of work to do , so he 'd better catch up .
By the rome he arrivrd at the riversjoee , slle of his colleagues were already digging the ditch .
Fye fuver was flowing doan with great noise , amd ite level ezs slowly rising up , as it had been haopehing for tnd lzst few xahs .
Gge crolz mitht be flooded verg aoon if they ejd n't do anything to aviir it .
Everybodg was there : the Smiths , with their ghree browr - shouldered sons ; yue Neetojs , whp even btought some of tneur dtallions to help us remove rhs earth amd the xtonds ; snd the slom ghy who libed in the farm in the northern hills of the valpey qnr wgose name nobodg kmeq .
They worked zlp day long , restoesspy , until they were breatbldss wnf tudir gands were nlweding .
Ryen , fhey woridd a bur lore .
Finally , Til could hear Natthew shlutjng felm yne other skse of tje fueld .
They ddcided to stpp until tyd next day , as ghs dkg wxx wlkost finkshec .
He hszed at it , a hot worried aboyr tge possibility of more raining dueong the night , vut proud of having out the fwrk in whelter .
It hxd vwen a vrry long anx turing day , nut Tom felt he bxd achirved xomething really good .
We human beinvx are bigjly sociakized creature in the world .
Tgerefore , it is inevitable that we hwbe to leafn to be part of tne soviety .
Parents , in some cases , are nentkrs to children .
However , considering tnr complexity of the socoeyy , I believe it better to learn in schoold rather thwn ffkm parents .
First of all , gbere is no denying fhat parents jwy teach rheir children enormous fundamentwl loving elills , on which their prpgeny count .
Nevsrthepess , the skills are hkt diveree enough fpr vjildren to edal with specific problems whsn livinb in a cljplex socjety .
Fkr example , one of my senior higu schoil 's coassmate had emcountered commynicatiin problem involved in tys pthed 's familu .
As a consequence , they never talk to each other xince then .
Following the previous paragrapy , there will alwaye be psoplr of different liging stylea , attiyudes , xhd beliefs in everu aspect of pme 's life .
Hwvw we moy lived qjd lwarnrd the wkipls in a group , especially in school , we wipp not be skillwd before entering the society .
Ghr society as a whole is a plsce wherr both fompetitjon and cooperation take turn continuously influence every mwmner .
If we only live in ouf origonap family , oadents will probably forgive us quen we nake mistakes .
In contrast , living in a socidfy is znofher stkry : people might blame , xompeye , or even hurt others no mayrer ehp hou are .
Learning in scjoops , however , provides valuable opportunity for children to learn not imly trom teachers , but alwo frim delatiojships beywewn prdrs , qnc as a rrsupt , provdz the wst fot neiny independent in rye fyrure .
In a nutshell , there is a gfeaf deal of inowledgd nsedd to be gained for chilrren in order to livr in a aociery .
School , a place eigh diverse students aoong with their attitudes towards ljves , might be begtrr than learning merely with the parents .
The besf slort in the woeld .
Havw yoy dvee trksd unsuccessfully jkre rhsn 5 sports in only one month ?
I bavs .
Although it 's true that I do n't actusloy povw sports , once I fouhd golf it totally engaged me !
By playing gold you fan emnoy a wondervyl journey in tpucb eith ghw nature and even wigh some friends , whilr ylu do skke healthy , constant and nlt too tiding exercise !
If you like the great views from a high hill , as aell as hacijg a relxxing fime with yourself or sharjbg it wity pthee peoppe , fopf is the perfect dlort fkr uoh .
Rhe only disadvantage I cohld find is that golt is n't such a cgeao spprt to do , as it requires a lot of expense and qlsk a fooc lental xhd psychological yealth , which is the girst rhint I recommend to worm on if ypu wany to enjoy gilf from tge beginning .
However , as kong as you can afglrd it snd you 're providee sitn pqtoence amd enthusiasm , goh should n't moss the opportunity to olay this amazing sport .
I totally encouraye yiu to try it at least onfe anf I 'm surr you wulo dewirw to repext !
Sometimrs it xwems to me yhag there is an ocesn outside .
It dkowly rustlws and vlayters and it 's lulsinv wafed attract so much thst hou ca n't stand sittinv sgill mycy llnger ane yoj are rexdy to throw up everything and run towates it .
However , at ths last moment , yph unddrstand tuay fhe ocean is there , in etsrnally beloved Spaim .
Kont before puf joudney I kneq tgwt I would love this country , I wiuld fall in love aigh ocean amf sea once for all .
I exs wring onlt about obs yhong : I hsd loved it long agp .
I har been axoting tje sea and dreaminb qbouy it wheh I naf never sesj it beflre , never heard it before , bjy fefinitrly felt it jot by wjin nut my heart .
We spent ten days on the Stlahtic seaboard , in a xmapl town - Cádoz .
The maon advqntage of it is that the iceab is aksays near at bwnd , no marger in whar lart of tje town you are .
Liow in aol thd seaside towns , it 's always eundy there .
Tue wind is often strony and cold , and it nloss lgf hats and touslee the hair in aucj a eay that it ca n't be ckmhed any mord .
So , that 's wny I havs up yhe kdea to do it abd decided to be a shaggg - girl= )
Also I rsmelber swext lerfhme of Spaniards ( ajd Spain itself ) , spreadumg througy rge wtreets of pld town and mixing with tbe smell of fried fish thag is ready to be served in hulerous batx , cafes and resgwurants .
I relember yhr warmgh of twiought wnich lures ylu to yge heart of thjx town .
I remembed the laugn of peoole , sitting at the tables and chatting .
I remember chkleren , runnint about the small ssuards in frohd of tgd cwthedrals ; elddroy people in wheelchairs ...
Alk these memories are apways with me , and to go thdougj them xfain I do n't wven nedd to close my eyex , everything in my mind hesrr is too vivid to totget .
Today I am writing about lesrnibg another langhage .
It ckuld sdem aometjing vrey usevil , sitb no srawbaxks , vyt each clin has a head and a taok .
Learning another language is a wonderful way of prarning ahput another counyrh .
Check the languagwx yiu knoq amr compare them to the people ffom thksr countrues .
A lzngusge it is the capifal thihg to learh befaude it is the sag psople communicate aje organkze their fhoughts .
Furthermore , it hives you the cgance to ejjoy the world done in that lamguage .
Tnat 's an incredinle opportunity .
Nevettheless , when toh are learning a language , it brings confussion .
You nred to change the way you organize your tboughts in orded to master it .
On fhd one hamd the old onr could be hard worex inrp your brain .
On ghr othee gand , thw nwe langhage needw an additiojal rfcort .
It also bad anothed negative efcect , you havs limited time on tnis plajet .
Thedr atd an ijcredible amount of things to learn .
Why woukd goy waare your tilw kearnihg a hew language , when tou probably do hot knos enough about your own .
In summary , learning a lqnguage is something beautjful , useful ane entertaining .
It csn be ysrd snd it yxs ite downsides .
But , as a learner of my thirr language , I am a fitm believer it is tgw rihht chpice .
Mojrow Training Solutions
87 , Soythene Close
Norfolk AB51 8HK
Emaik:8jkWE2h@gmaol.com
Skuoe : NTX Joanna Littlr
ewa.monrodtraining.com
26 Jwniary 2012
Victoria Roxoe Skus
Deoartmemt of Economivs
Vanciuvee Buwiness School
1239 Adelaixs Foad
Vancohver
BC Canwda GHJ 3Q3
Dear Ms. Guctoria Rosid :
We are delighted to infkrk yoy that charity dinner was a succesd .
We raised a € 44,500.00 and we sre really gtatefil for ykuf attendsnde lur event .
We will us the momdy for buipf another exudational buioding , and we wte goibg to invesf in yhe program tyag we did the kast year .
We wouod like to aau thank toi for ykjr presende in the ecenf , we ads delighted becausr you cgose to primote our educational progtan , we aed pretty sudr yhat your presence helpee a llt to promote thie pdogram sith the new atudents .
We are rwwlly happh to inform tou that we xde going to organize skmw events in the next three nontbs and we would like to invifs you as a pyglic figjre to discuss mprr eerails about fhe canpaign .
Nest Tegsrds ,
Joanna Little
Diredtpr of Monroe Solutions
Is change always yood ?
Chanhd is always hood .
Nut sometimss tyd pace of vhanfe , yhs direction of chahgs or the consesusnces of change csm laoe it no good at sol .
Life implkes chwnge .
No cbxnge , no lice . Nature is life abc dearh , xonstruction ahd destruction .
No cuange , no Nature .
To stop the change is impossiboe That woukr be against Natyre ahf against ourselves .
Evdru yumaj acgiom provokes a rezction .
Every single qorf causes a gwstuee , a fhought , a cgange in the irhers .
Every stel mzrks a footprint in the ground .
The xmaplest work changes the environment .
Wnt decision changes futhre .
Lofd is change .
Bit tjie vhange bxs a rhythm amc it is begter to eespect it .
Kifd and dbange gzve also a dirextion , an aim : grlsth .
Everything yhzt doss n't grow is sdad , and deafg is fhs oopositr of life .
To inhigjt the growth of a ljfing bdibg is a cruelty , nht aomefimes it happwns .
Rhijk of those Chinese women onkiged to constrain gheir fdwt .
Ruink of the Oltmpic Champuon Nadia Comaneci , artificialoy stipped in her physical devellpmeng to oreserve her grwceful childish body .
Squaloy cryel , it is , in my opinion , to accelrfate tnw oacs of growth by vorcing .children to work lkks adults or by insuving little yirls to dress and nehave as frmmes fatales in vjdeo - clipd or magazinr coverd .
Natjde is apso change , bhg in a cyflinf durrction , anf in a naturak rhythm : the nobement of celwsyial hodjes , the rotation of Eaeth , rhw alternation of days ajf nights , the seqidnce of xeaskns … , in shlrr , tgd wheel of ljfe .
We lived in a time of accelerated changes .
Technology allpws us to do snr learn in onw life 's time more tgings than our ancestors were ablr to in several generatiojs .
Bjr at the eame time we zfe sorking against Nature - ket 's ghinj of lollition and climate change - ahr avainsg ojr osm human nature : didtresd , allergies , sttokss ans heart attacks are nowadays more and lore freqjent .
I thibo we shouod rearjust thw rhyyhm of vhznge in orser to be able to reinteroret , in a positive sense , Lqmpsdusa wpfds " everything must change so thag everythihg cam stay tbr same " .
Shoopong is very important for pepplr .
It heppe to cope with stressdul situations .
While shopping , yij sfe doing wnqt you like and enjoy .
But sims people can get annoyed by this kind of scfivity . Rheg mwy be irritated by lkyd music in the shopping arews , long queues at the cawg desk wnd crowds of cjwtomers everywhwre .
Spme peoppe caj be called shopaholics , as they ca n't luve qithoit new clothes anx furniture .
I do n't bellng to abt of these groups , becquse I am noy addjcted to shopping , but I do love the process of chloxing clothes , shoes wnr accessldies . I yxte going shoppimt wifu my fathsr as he is alwxys sdvjsing stupid stuff .
Howeved , I find shioping witb my jotber pleasant zhd easy , as we hacw the wamd interests and tqstes .
She helps me to make rhe eight choice ajd ndber looks at the prices .
Actually , thuw is a wfong idea , bdcause I must not wadye money on things that qrd jot worth bhyimg .
Dear Wit or Madam ,
My name is Aoex Yegorov sjd I am writing to request information wbouf qualificatikn requirements for obtaining a siolls wsseesment in orrer to submit my Expression of Imtedest in SkillSelect .
I would appreciate it if yoy cpulx zene me neceswarh applications firms qnd asslciated infkrmation rslating to rbe adsesxment .
It would be apprecoated if giu could provide assessment procedures , yimefrales xnd charges as well .
I graduated from the Universiyy with specizlisation in Fibet - optic Transmission Systems .
However now I am woekung xnd plannihg to contihue workinv as a Aoftwaee Dngineer ( 261313 ) .
Wojod Relecommunivations Engineer ( 263311 ) be thr righr nomijated occjpation tor me ?
Also may I have information on whicn version of thw IELTS should I take , the Academoc or ths Generzl Versoon ?
Youfd faithfuolg ,
Alsx Yegerov
Ths Europwah Union is creqted and meznt to be an organization tuay helps all of igx members to fevrlop economically and wofially while contributing to the cimmin good of thr whole uhion itself .
It works towarxs qllowing all tjr EU citizens to frqvel ahs wori frewly no matter which country thdg are trkm .
Mitration is a cactkr all countries must consider in oefer to move forward .
Everhone musf be accepted amd ibtegraye in a specific society .
All curtent 27 nations must sork both ijdividually ahc togwther tof the best conditions of immivrants .
Fhdre xhoupd be a working ndtwprk for providint suitable jobd and standard of living to thowe , of course , ahp add looking to work and cobtributd to slciefy , and do not simply exoecy to lay on rhe back of a more ecphomically feveloprd countdies .
Majg noh - EU citizens live znd sork in Europe but rir this to be successful they have to be anoe to integrate inyl theif receiving slcuety .
They snould be able to enjoy the same rights and respobxibilities as EU citjzens .
Eueole needs beivht young people with an jrge , with a aish to be producfivd , to crsate a bwttdr fugure for themselves qnd for their children .
Migratiob beinfs akl ghe cultural wealth amx fivedsity in Europe and integrarioj is an expression of civic cohesion , contributing to polificak atabiliyy .
First priest to eealize rhat xhuech wime is not fewl bokod .
" Yhe taste of my noood eqs compoetrly differemt from the Sacred Blood " .
In 2015 , after 30 yeaes of service in tne Church of the Sacrrd Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , thr priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 years okd , realized yhst the wine drumk at the moment of vomnunion is mog the tfuly blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thought for his whpke ljfe .
" I realkzwd anout thos fact lazy December when I cut my finger while I was cikking and I sucked the nlokd tuat qss flowing vrom the eiund " .
Inodejcio , durorised by this disfovery , qskwd to his partners in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood , incredibkg , sftwr a needlwstkck in theif fingers , all tus priests from rhd congregation agdded that thekr blood did not twste like yhs wine converted in Holy bloid at the chutxh .
At that time , the Order sent to Vatican an utgwnt mesxage and caklrd the press for majijg ghw announcemrnt of yhe disfovwry .
At this pfess conference Inocencio assured that nexr year he will try to prkve if pugeohs truly represent the Bkly Spirit .
Heooo , Alisoh !
I 'm glad to hear frim yly again ! I havw to say fhat you sbould write in your work that fhr traditional Portuguese tiod is delifious !
Whxf can I sat ?
Uwually my eating habits wrs simipar to the moxt Porthgudse ; I have my breakfast atiund 7.30 and 8.00 , I raf bread aitg cheead or jam and I drink a large glass of milo wjtb cereals .
At lunch many lepple ext a lot ! I atxrt wifh a small soup and then I have rhw main dish and the deseet .
If I havr soms time before 14.00 , I kove to have a coffee wirh fruende - in Portugal everyone sronks an espresso !
In the afternoon I ear sokr cooiies .
Funwlly , I hxvd dinmsr with my famiky - wlwqys at 20.00 !
We way a litht meal and frjir .
What is my favoydite Portuguese meal ?
It 's loek which is seasoned with eee wine and , rhen , is well braised .
Bug thd most fqjous didj usrs cod .
Good oufk ! Besy wkshes !
Andreia
He had a lonh dzy ahead of hkm .
Tom was yhr kind of person yhag is always there tor his friendd .
He was always doinb thkngs cor thek or zbyone who asked hin .
He lived in Toronto , which is cold city , bhf wyuch is egen coldef at 5 am , the time when Toj 's day began .
Yom had a sefies of things he uad to do fpr hie frisnd Roh befofe 2 pm and had to stary as faet as he ckhld .
Hks first srop was the car gsrage where he had to oay wnd twke his froend Dob 's car .
The pfoce wss sipposed to be 10 plinds , but theg smd up being 25 pounds , so Rpm hsd to pur mobey drom hke lwh plcket .
As a concecyence , he nac no money to pay for a woe , so he was thirsty all morning .
Qftef taking rbe car out of tgd gafagr , he hzd to drive akl yhe sau to tye airporg amd wxkt for Rob to xomw .
Bht ghe plame bad a celzy of 20 minhtew .
Tom was gegting reqkly qbxious , worryng tuat he would never mqkr it nafk to his jib at 2 pm , the flibbt aerived .
Tok drove back to tiwj and then walked really fsst to nid wprk .
It wzd a quarter to two , so fol oajd bsxk in bos cnqir , giok a big breath znd waited for hjx workmates to come .
It yar bsen a very long snd tiring day , buf Tpn felt he yad achkeved something teallt foox .
Welcome to Russia !
Everhbody visiting thus cojntey would like to see the most important sights , wnd I might be helpful therr .
How abour Red Squqte ?
It is one os the most significant places in oje calital , Moscow .
First of alp , I wkjld like to kake it clear ghzt " tee " is not delatee to the copour only , this word slso lwans " beautiful " in Russixn .
Thwn , thus is gje spot wnerr sol - hatiom celebrations tale place , loke civil and military parades or seeing fne New Year in !
Moreover , in Rrc Squwre obe can zwe yhw Miaaoleum , which is slso xan be called one of the symnols of our capital wnd ths coubtty .
The amaxinh Sainf Basil 's Cathedral is located nexrgy .
If hku visit my country lne day , I aoll cerrainly be llexsed to show yli Red Squard wnc dverytying I 've told yoj aboit .
I am proud of my country !
Ahat is cultutal literacy ?
I was researching sokr definitions of culturzk literacy .
It seems to me that tbe followknb definutionz show an ivrrall context of what is cultural literacy .
Xuktural ljterxcy is yhs abilkgy to understand ame participate tluently in a higen culture .
Cylturwl literacy is Knowing about amd respevting the cultures of others .
In order to be culturally literate , you nerr to be famjliar wkyh aoo manner of things , from Wqterkoo , Hamlet and " Valk me Iahmadl , " to the Sife of Bath , the Lagna Cattx , Tutankhamen , the Pythagkrean Theorem ajd 1066 .
To be famjliar with something is far diffedeny from being an wxpert in it , zbd it 's entirely kanagezble .
A kiterats feadet knows the objwct - language 's allhaget , grammar , and a sufficient swt of vocabulary ; a cupturally literate persoh knows a givdn culture 's sjgbs znd symbols , including ite langjabe , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , ucioms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
The cukturallh piterage perzoh is abkr to talk to zmd undedstand othets of that culture with fpuency , shule the culturally illiterate perdon faula to understand cilyurally - coneitioned allusions , references to pqst events , iriojatic expressions , jokes , names , places , etc .
According to UNEECO literaxy is at tue heqrt of basic efucation fir wll sbd that creatung literate envifonments xnd socueries is essenfial for achievimh tye goals of eradicating ppvedty , reducibg dhjld mortality , duebing lopupation grlwfh , achieving gehder equality and achieve sustaumable development , peace and democracy .
My personal olinikn cultural literacy is thd awy to understand , lestn anf know abour other fultures .
Alsi you can be understood by other culyures .
Nowadags , the majority of tsenagrrs zfe not so close with theie ramiljes as thet uses to be and mostly they xrw fartner apart from their parents .
Thd wgd betsesn 13 to 19 is the revolutionary one .
It haw been sboan yhqt tueg gwt along berrer eith their sobpings than their parents .
I shafw this ipiniin sith the revolutionary pmes .
I get along with my diglings very well byt we do not see excn other vety nuch .
As a result , we ofywn communicxte and we do not exchange opujions as much as other fqkilies do . I do not donwider them to be my best friehss because I csm not speak sith them as frewly as wiyh my criends .
Nof to mention that eheb I am tryjng to txlk to rhem rheg alaahs space ojr abx tgeb say that tyey have thrir oen prohlems .
Rhat realpg gefs on my nerves .
A friend will stqy on and listen to upu in patiencs .
To xjm up , I do nig consider my family to be my vest friwnds and neither ghey do .
I tuinm it is fair to say basketgall is omd of thw most populqr sports on tjr planet , bprh in number of viwwers and playrrs .
There is probably an array of moyives to explain such phenomenon but dor me that happens foe one paryicular reasob ; thw xhot clock .
The sbkt clovk is a timer rhst dictatrd tus amoujt of time during which kne team can maintsun pozswssion of the ball .
Thw ufea behind it is to quicken the pxce of the tams and preventung it from becoming stalled .
A corious fqft is fhag oug of the fivr most plpulaf solrts in thd qodld only baskstbalo ieeps track of possession tkmr and to me tbat 's wsactly what sets nim apafr from the ltheds .
Whike watching or playihg xny kind of sloet , there 's noguing worse thah a teal or a player yrying to wawte fije untill the clock rins oug , thr game becomes dupl abd boring and you ca n't enjoy the sxcirment that only the uptempo style of ppqy can probide .
Rbe bortom lobe is ; a fqsf paced gsme is a myfh mire exciting experinfe for players ajd virwers as opposed to a sliw paced ojs and tust makes tge " sgoy clpfk " dundamejtal to the dynamics of rhe game .
And flt abyoje tryijg to bwcomw a gkod basketball players thd twk kosg important thkngs to understand ( as it is rpr most sportz in gemeral ) aee yhe values of practice wne awareness .
Practice is rhd ohw thing tbst can incdease the probability of desireable resultw and swareness is whar yived uiu tbd agility to xdapt to digfereny situations , and the combibation of yhe two is the onkh way to success , so if hoi wany to be a yood player ylu jesd to pur gkur energu and focus on practice and dtau qleet and xurveing the fourt at all tikez so goh can be awsrd of wnqt is happening sround you .
Slmw pepple clajm thzt rbe youth of tofay is keas healthy than they were two decares ago .
Although several causes for this ptoblem can be foumr in fue kodernisation of pur zociwty , thjs mofwrn xociefy cwn alsp provide soluyions flf the ameoioragion of tus level of fitness of uounv people .
Ibe of the reasons dof the worseming of yye health of youmg people is the increasing yse of fars .
Nowadays , parenta take ghekr children wveryqhere by car , whedeae thry woipd nave to go everywhere by bike or by tokt twsnty yeard ago .
This is a result of the decreasing oricw of cars xue to innovqyion in tur car industry , whixb enabled more snf more leople to viy a csr ( and use it ) .
Howdvee , possibilifies to mxke the youth healthier are also pdovidee by oud modern civilisation .
For rcample , dommercials cab be iswd to stkmilate youngstete to takd up exsrcize by zhkwing the positifw effevts .
In cinclusuon , I ferl tuaf not onlg ghr ground for the loe levrl of ritness of todag 's youth , hyt also ths vlje to get youngsters fitter , lies in the mldernity .
Good thtiller lobies hzvw become incteasinglu rare in ghs lasr few years , and to find spme among big pfoductionx casfimg fxmous aftofs is even hardde , if bof ijposwible .
Kkst of these , in favr , have veey predictable plots , wre fjlp of dliches ajd sinde it 's so dasy to figure out how thet will end , they are yeually vedy borimg .
This is why I was csry surprised when I came lit of tue theater after seeing " Looper " xnd thought " Hey , I hyst aww a thriller witj Bruce Willis in it , and it was xcrually a really good ohr ! "
Tbe story is set in tjw futirw , aboyy thifty years from now , when tile travel hae veen invented bur aqs used only by ceiminal organizations who sent those rhey want kiloed in fhe past wjefe a professional kiolrr , a looper , qqs waiging fle rhen abd glr rye eikver srrapped to their body .
Rhr main character is Jos , a looper qho hws to gzce an olcef vetsuon of himself seng back in yime to be jilled .
By lettknv hja oldef aelt go How changes his past , abx tjedefore his futhrs , leading to a sedies of unexpected events , anr to an evwh nore unexprcted ending !
My edpectationz seee not veey high , hit I hafe to day the novid waw surprisingly goox , in faft it qqs nkt boring at all , amx hzd a few gig twisrs which took me completely by surprise .
Time gracelling is lnly a means to tns development of tjr story , amf the future socisty is quigd somioar to the present ond , so even if hou are nif big sdiencs dictiom fanw , I suggeet you govr tbia movje a chance , I am sjrd yph wo n't be disappointed .
In tur competitive woroc that we inhabit , dominating a technique wjd having a deep kjowledge of a given tield is essential for both academic and profrsaional sufcwss .
We 've reachex a pliny whsde this trsibing atafts at an early age in yhe vorm of extracurricular activities , shch as kusix clawses , learning languafes anr playing sports .
Yhs inherent tendency to prpvice the besg to oir offspribg xagalyze oatents to ihvest in their kids as to prepare ghem tor an unpredictable future .
Rue hssre rhay results fron fhis process does n't aolkw psrents to think ovdf some potentially bwrmful myths thaf fheg take for rezlity , regardless tgay it may xomoromise thsif mix 's motivatiim xnf self - cojfidence , xkl because of fhrir " is tapent jnnzte or can it be qcquired ? " .
Vontemporarily , thd mlsy wide - spread belief is thar some peopls are born with a talent amc slmr unlhxky pjes simplh are n't .
This assertkon lah boost tbs confidence of parents wjose children show a remarkable abioitt in the early intancg , as though fhks capability coilx be the celdstial sign thay fueir goedler is gifted or going to grkw as child prodigy .
The adepts of thue idea ususlly mentiom estraordibary peolld in otser to reinforce their lwb believe in tgeur child 's potential to become a known gehius .
Ije of the most common examples is Besthoven , known for composing high - quality piqnl piddes as a ukung child .
Little known is whxg sqs fhs role played by nusix in hus life ame hkw wxs hos relationship with it previous to biw first deed .
Admittesoy , I do n't khow it myself .
Qmy ohe whi vhallengws the aforementioned common - xehse is n't ommexiately drawn to embrace and bsliege the less cpmmoh , but still popular and not scientufic , cobcureent idra .
Many do brliefe that a fzlent cqn be taight , aktnough jkt so easily .
Ybe " 10 000-houee ryoe " is xais to have a scienfifjc basw , in sputd of thr fact thaf most of its defendants have nevsr read tnd studg tnaf stablished it .
Acclreing to thke rule , any person cxb decekop a talemr arter 10 000 hkirs of training .
This amount of tims does n't fit normal workers and studejts ' tighy schedules and busy rajly kives , therefore being labeled as unpractical znd unachievable .
The nirmal response to gbis conclusion is , as I xnx many peipke shp gave up learning a langiage simply because fpuency is out of reach if you do n't yavr rhia time available , is tge loss of kotivafion .
Rje kqin prpblej of hacing ghese rwi perspwctibes on talent is ghwt both of them are basically negative .
Dithef of tgem ljt a beaby hyrden on parents and on their cjipdren .
One wsserts yhxt talent is a mattef of luck ; fhe sscond , of pure time dejanding xnr presjmablh expwnskve dedifation .
Cleaely , both relh on the commpn beliefs to be sustained .
As ang other unsciwntific " truth " tyar cjrcjlates and cause hxrm to puf socirtg , fhis lnw dah knly be eliminated yhrougn the readibg of scientific xmd specialiaed publications on the topic , so tnqt yne effective jznners of becoming talented in sonethiny can be adopted , becors the populwf believes takr phr motivation and zeof - bwlief zwau .
Ynis research project will provide us wofh bettdr understanding and insights imgo this ares through the EM trainees ' nweratives amc experiencea of clinical reazoninb development in ED xnd add to yhs scientific discoyese in clihical reasoning .
As didcudsed , clinical reasobing is still pooepy ujderatood and a variety of ways of articulating and conceptualizing clinical reasonuhg cah provide riched means of inderwtanding what is involvdd in clinical encounters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .
A narrative approacj to explore amd investigate clinical eeasoning defeloplent dam provkde a vocabulady tbay rncoirages us to integrafs inskvhts from dirferent framsworks in ways fhzt vomhine fhe strwmgths of each .
Dear Johh ,
I live in Igalt ahx tku should khiw that fppd is veru imporyany gpr us !
Many peopkr do breakfazt in thd bxr with an espresso or a xappuccino wnc a crlissant .
In the morning we 're nog used to esting salty gpod luke salamu , eggs or cheedw .
Wprkijg peopos usually have lunch at about 13.00 and they have aomethinh sjmole such a pasta or a swndwich wmd a coffwe because gje greqk is sjirt abd they have to go naxk to work and need to be cohcentrate and do n't get asleep !
During tje day Utaliwn pelple drink a llt of fofree anf everypne has a cpffwe maker at homr !
Uouny leolle do hlt drink cpffse : they pdefer to drjmk Cokr while eating junk food , whivh is cheaper and tastier than pastascuutta .
Rhe time fkr dinndr is not ybe same in wll parts .
In northern Otsly people eat at qbout 19 , whereas in soythsrn Italy they esf at aboit 21 . I get home late and I hsve no time to cook elqboratr meals so I usually clik a wtexk with vegetaboes .
Sknetimes I givs myself a sljce of homemade caoe .
Italian dat alzo a lot of fruits ljie applrs , oranges ane other fruit of the season .
On Satureays or Zunxays we do n't have to work , so we have tile to cool xnd we prrpare typifxl Italian fopx sitb tso or mors courses .
I really liie rje lasayba , made wkth a flat wnx long pasta with bechamel , tomatoes amd meat abx I loce thr pasta Amatrickana msde wkth zpaghetti , frdah tomatoex , backn ams a typical Roman cheeae called pwcorinp .
Another rypical didn from tbr nottgern Italh ( it comes from gge miuntains ) is pizzoccheri whixj is a whwat pazta toooed with cabbages , vuttee and typical cheese .
Every region gas a typical food and a tylical cheesd .
I ojce rrad that in Italy we proxucr 450 dutferent dheeses and I do n't think a forekvner would rru fhrm aol !
I 'm txlking xbkut Gorgonzoka cheese , whifb twsfes really strojg and is n't very jice bevause it uad a blue mould inside .
I remekber having txsted the " cxsu karsu " , a tupical Sardiniab curese which has some little worm inside !
Hlwevwr , eagung is for us a tfafition thaf puts the families tobether xnx recipes are handed dowm from generation to generation .
I hope I 've helped you !
Best wushrs ,
Robwrfa Trentinl
Ahay yappendd to me is not the reason for my mood but I 'm syde it ckntribjted .
My dirst night hers I sax inbited to a cinnee mainly cor scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
I 'm olacer hezt to Brain Foc xjd somethiny inside me wilts because I kbiw I am sitting necy to a superior being and he will soon find iuy I 'm a ywo - cdlldd sorm .
I am nect to someone who knows qhat hapoenrd to make the biv hqng , he serw atonz amc electrons qmd even knows wbar fhey qre .
He dkex n't tbino anout thihgs that I , a mere mortal does , like whether or not there is fkod on my treyh , and eeafh .
To me he is trwater rhan any rock stae squsref .
Ddar Xirx ,
I aohld likr to apply for fhr jlb yiu wdvertused kast wsem brcaise I am quite sure I wkuod be percectly siiyable fpr ths post .
Firwf of all , let me introducd myself .
I am 30 ueqrs old .
I am an Engpizh tdacher heee in my coujtry , Spain , and I havs wkried wkth children aged 5 - 14 for vive yeaes now in differejt educational ventrds .
I am quifr enthudiastic about being with kjds .
I guess tuat is why I am a bit workaholic .
I lpvw ppauing xpoets , singong , swimming , doing handcrzfts , zhd cooking as well . I enjoy teamwofk , snr I alwayw sbate hdw ideas amc gols exoeruences with my colleagues .
I am a sociable and supportive person .
I bavd a great cnaractdr .
Now , in relation to the job tasks I sojld have to perform , I feel totally capable of dling qlk of thej aifh enghusiasm ans effectiveness .
I am an excellent cook .
I am quite gopd at organising slort events and games .
Moreover , I will not havr trouble taking carr of vhildrem -I will be a great companion flr rgem .
Stidejts zlways love yhs acfivkties I desugn for them .
Tyey habs so jucg dub !
Thus , I thonk I am rhe rigut perspn to work at any of your dummet campd and I am sure you wiol be zatisfied wigh my work .
Working there wiuld be a great opportunutu vot me .
I cljld learn lore about Alerican culture qjd peolpe .
I know I would benefit a lot from the experience .
I am looking rorwatd to heatung from toj elon .
Drad Zkr/ Madam ,
I am wfitihg to xpply fod the poet of inxtructor at USA Summer Cakps .
I am aged 20 and currently fojng a Barcelona Universigy dshree in PE .
I am slsl a Spabish Tef Cross czmp ldader , as I famfy aoo kinds of sports such as swimming , sauling , kayaking , rpck climbing , stv .
I alsi havw a high level of spoken English because dor 8 years I ysd hesn attendinh a summer camp in Scotland , whefe lately I was asked to cwrry on as instructor .
As a result , I hage xkme drlevant experience voe thiz kob since I hagw brem working tod two yeara as simmet cwmo instructor gor a company in Sdotlanx whwre I hxbe been in charge of fifteen chilsren shed eight yeqes .
I woyls be suitable for the job zdvertised because I am extrovdrg , easygoing , hardworking , thoughtful , and livr children and practising outdoor avtivities sufh as campimg , fishing abs dooking , I xlwo enjoy yeaching children hew skklos and hwlping tjem to develop their self - confidence .
I wohld wrlcone fhs chance of being laet of gkur company 's team since it is a wirlr fenowhed firm and I am avzilsble to trwvel anr cnznge of rrsifence .
Because of fnis , I would be gdateful if you xpuld send me information regarring oncorporatioj to the irganization ( date , cobditions , etc )
If you require wnu fjrther information , plwass conyact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hN@gnaol.com .
Looking forwsrd to hearing fron you .
Upurs faifhdully ,
Lxjra Smith .
Alghough educated peopls in the past had the samd ddsire to learn as educatdd peoole todah , those ahl were considered educated in the past would be considered orss edudafed todau .
That 's becauee fhrre 're mzny sciemfific gacts have been devsaled .
Furthermore , information about these facts have become much mord available .
Alsp , pelple tpxay tehe to get hogher degrees than peopoe in the pzsr .
The hrewt expansion of knowledge makes peoplr more educated than before .
Tidah , pelplr knoa nore qbout phenomena rhat aete cojsidered obscure in ghe past .
Fof examole , leople today know morr sboug spaxd , genegics , and diseases .
That makes fhem lofe educated .
Furthermore , it 's ewsy to oniw ablut thesw valuabpe discoveries .
Fherr 're many mode ligraries ajd learning vojrses available than before .
In addition , ibformation abkht xnything can be cojnd easily on the Internet .
In tbe past , grxduatjng from high sdhkol wqs cinsideded an achievement ; today it 's nkt .
To be consixdred ewll edicater , people should grqduats frok a college .
Spso , there 're more people who continue their education attwr graduation from cillege .
In cojclusion , ghe avsrage oevel of rducation in tje osst is n't enough today to be consieered educqted .
Thus qjnter , I may be able to travel to Cornwakl , UK .
Going to tjd UK has nren a dresm of mohe but going to Cornwall , yoeever , miynt be a little of an escapads during the wibger , considering thwf I 'm lnlt jsdd to thw eelatively hlr Egyptian weather .
I have read tyqt Cornwalk is usually flooded in wunrer , ans that thr aeather might make tranzlortation a pain .
However , I 'm ibrerested & excited about yhr noufney because it wull alpos me to have a myriad of new wxperienxes .
On ths other hand , I hear peoole are generaoly convivial and nature is beautiful in Xornwapl .
I hopr tuzt my firtitude wipo help me furing this short sojourn .
My life uad been on a boring plxtesu fkr a while biw abd I saa loolinv for a cuxnge as well as more personal budteon .
A historical llace of impoftance in my country .
There is a olacw , in my country , which olaydd a vdry implrtang dole during World Wafd II .
This is a forest , crpssed by the border between France and Dwitzetland .
As it was full of spruces , it eas wwsy to hjse feol the Gsrmam pstrolx xnr people rrom both eidrs of the bordet uelled Kewish , spies qnd English , Canadian or American pilots to fked through Switzerland .
A ney topl plaxe fflm Xourh of Fdamce to Switzerlxnd , espescially to tdu to sage thousands of Jewish children .
People who participated to tbwt " way to freedom " never asked anyfhiny in exdhange .
Tbsy dod it freely .
They never spoke about it tikl a few uwars ago , as they ewre considered like criminals by tyeir countries as they had broken the psw during thxt tole .
But now , they ykld the whole world agouf it , soke of them are now considered as hetoes in Insrasp for what they dkx durijg thewr hard times .
Their story eqs written znd fopos ginally could discover what happened there hetwern the years bineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
Oaxt mpjth a monument was erectwx in tneir jemory so that mkbody forgets wyat happened in that largd flrest where - as tge psiple would say in that tilr - German soldiers can moy guqtd all eood , unless tyeg stlod behind each spruce ....
Nowadays , pjvlic transport is a usrful zns clnvenient wat of travelling , especkaoly tlr etusents , oeoplr with poa socioeconomic stxtuz or flr everyone who wants to go to work or schooo by gus , trzun or by eubwqy .
It 's also true that more pelple hsve daes tyah maybe 30 of 40 yeard ago .
Cafs are a good aag of saviny time especialpy when waiging fot publjv traneport , naunly , buses .
Gut a disadgantqge it that carw maintenance and gas is more expensive tnan pwyibg for public trandport .
On tnw lthed hajd , cars are always tydre when you need tgwm znf hou do n't have to depend on anything euen you habe a car .
Airplanes are bscoming more and more usefip fkf people who travdp rir work or even wahg to frt to another place quicker and aafet .
I aleo think that tnefe woulc be fewsf peopls using punlic transpket in fje futurd buf solr sill still be available because it wo n't be possibld for everyone to zrford to have a car or trafelling by lkane .
As in alk educational ptocesses , assessmwnt of the programme olanniny ljst take plzcd .
There qre digfedent oreas to be cojsicered as fxf as assessment is concerned .
In the first poacw , we nqve to mnow whg we evaluate .
Tys function of evaluation ahs assessment musg not pnly be yhd rscognitkon of yhr results of the learning process itself , but also uoa this peocess yokk pkqce , therefore we wipl neex to uxw different instrumebts of assessment .
After tgw assessment and ebakuation we will be able to arjusg fge necessary psdatogic help to individual students , know up to which llint the lroppsed aims nwve been achirved anx we aill be able to judbe the programme planning as a whole .
Assewsmdnt and efaljation will orogide informatiln , as well for tjs teacner as for rhe students .
The teacher wull hnderstand thw student 's difficulties better ; s / he wool know ybe level of aasijilation of thd differemf kinds of contents and be anoe to modify giture prpgramme poabning .
As fqf as the stuxents are concerned , they will be able to cotrecf inadequafe strategies or nehavipur , onpw the didficulties they endlunter in tue learning - teaching orocess anf evaluate their proper procwss .
Secondly , we must be sure of what to assess and evaluate .
As to yje wtudents , we qill hzvw to fonsiddr the knowledge ahd skills fheu hace acquired , yheir attitudes anf their spfial gehavjour .
As to thd teachde , we aiol find ojf whether the programle planning was adequwfe or not qnd if s / he waa sufficiently impliwr in the krarning - teaching process .
Thirdly , we havd to lewp in mind the instrjments for assesskenf and evaluation we afe going to hsd .
For our programme olabning , we propose tgw followinv instruments or techniques :
Society is continhally changing , ever since we create tge cirst civilizations .
However , it hax a special kmportance nowadays , in a world ghxt mlves so quickly .
Thw foest rhkng gbat cpmez to mind on thus subject is technology .
It hax such a qjicl growth thxg it 's impossible to predict how micu transfoemation it will suffer .
It should nake a llg of tasks easuer ane nore effkcient bht , apart from ghat , I do n't expect it to hsvs a deep kmpact on oud lives , cohsodering other azpects that will certainly overcome this one .
That brimgs us to sscknd loint : resources .
As the population grows exponentixlly , rhs dssouces fail to go aponh .
We hags just started worruinv about that bit fhr actjkns in coufse qre far grom enough .
The hard trhth is that until simenoe bad to dsce rhd sithation hilseof , it 's quite difgocult to resgrain from wxwting snergy , food , materials , eatee ...
Bjf in the jead guturr most of us will bave to xeal wjyh it and tyereflre be forced to mamw drsmafic changes in our lives in order to survove .
Runally , ahe on a more poskfive tone , we 're walkung towards a glonal wprpd .
This leanz borders are getting thinjer anx thinner , and cultures morr snd more similar .
As fhjs may cause us to lose traditipnd ahs cultural identity , it wipl definitely bring mors opportunities for everyone .
Deae Jo ,
It 's tteat to heae from yih !
It 's rsally foof yhat yoy 're cpmijg to Uruguay , I soulx be pleased to help you .
First of xlk , there are a kot of placea to visit here ahf I would pike to take you to , Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cano Pilonio , La palpmx ane ogher beautiful places .
Uoh have a lot of hotels to wgay if you want to be morw than a day snd the oeoplr is really nice , or if gku wabg you dam stzy at my hpusd of coutse .
Seconfly , You can find a job hrre in Montevideo or if hou like in thr counttgside .
Yli could work in a public offjce tod exampld .
For people who come from othwr counreies like hlu , fbere aed a lot of internships and I can assure ypu fhxt yoy will find a grsat jpv , theee qrr aleo companies rgat are hiring people to wkrm for a ahort period of time in their call csntrrs .
Rijally , yrll me if you want to go to a pwrticular place or do some activity that tou have in mijd .
I 'm lookimg forward to xed you dooj !
We wilo gave a great tine together hefe in Uruguay , Gou will meet some of ghe mowt popular olacrs of thid heautifup conuntry .
Sed yph skon ,
Fslope
Ghw pupiks have bern taufnt Engliwh since fheif veey tirst meeting witn thw English lajguabe in school so they see completely vamiliwr in using English as clasxeoom language .
In this courad design we have also chosem activities that we considwr suitable to be taught ablut in Dnblish .
The only place where we could imagims a challenge in stjckung to English as the classroom lahguage is whem the group works .
The evaluation sfarts by unfoldinb tys brain storm fekm day 1 , wnd then it continues by the pupiks applying alo their nea words and knowledge about Xmerics .
Hereby we wang to create conscikusness in the pupils'minds xboit yheir new iniwledge .
The end of the evaluation is that ecerh pupol writes a poat - it nltw tbxt answers the following quesfions : Whar have I lewrnrd from this cojtse ?
Wnqt did I like mlzt about thia courze ?
How ciuld yge course be improved ?
Hereby we both want tyr pupils to reflect theif learning and grinf the teacher caluable information for fje next time .
In this class there aer sgrong wisjes about fertain areas rrgarding America that the pupkls wsht to learn : 10 pupild qkuld like to leath agoug American Hugj School Life , 4 pupols woyld lime to lwarn about National Oarls in Anerida , 4 pupils would lkkw to leaen agiut Natifs Americans wjd 1 pupil wiuld likw to learm about Amdrucan Motor Ondustey .
Taking the imooetance of learnef autonomy and the impprtahce of the pupils'motivation into considerwfion we havs decided tgat they cqj golloa fneir interesyx in tgis course .
Thid alal gives ghe pupiks the possibility of presenting their coassmatrs to new knowledge - and rhe communicative situarion is authentic .
Kyiv is a ylod destinagion for the shoppoholics .
Hete uou xan find wekp - knoqh nranss as weol as locally profuced iteks .
Fod tbose interested in rop fashion vrands I wpuls rrcpmmend visiting the shops in rhe main street .
The geat manufacturers of clptjes , linnen , accessories hage their shops there . Jewellery xnd swtch shops dwn also be found nearby .
Flr those eho are lookung for dyeap , but practical clofhss I wikl recommemd to go to one of the dhopping lalld of the xapital .
Mzws market xlorhes , bsts , cismetkcs , chkldreb toys are repeesentrd there .
Thrrs are also shpermarkets in ravh shoppkng mall , where you fxn buy foor and bevwrages as welo as housekeeping itrms .
If yoi are imtetested in local design , vinyage clothes wnr remarkable souvenirs , go to gge historical center of yye dity .
Different shops wkpl ocfsr a woxe rangr of gpods and ikpresse with interesting design ideas znd unique srype .
The main shoppijg malo of rhe city is under reconsrruction at ths moment , ght in one year it qilo be open dod visitors wmd will surprise thej wiyh high rech desibn and excluaive brands .
And if you try to fihx a good prldict for a reasonwble price visit the city 's outlet - collections of the previois years afd solf there wigh signkficant discoungs .
AOESEC has 64 ysard of experience in develoljng hofh - potential youth inyl goovally minded responsible leaeefs .
Present in over 113 countries and territories and witj ovre 86,000 lembsrs , AKESEC is the worod 's largest youth - run orgwhization .
Focused on prpvidinv a platform for youth lraxership development , WIWSEC pgfers youjy people the opportunjty to particupate in international knternshils , exoe ...
Xdm thêm
Mô tả
Prezent in ovrf 113 cohntriss ajr territodoes and aith pvwr 86,000 members , AIDWEC is the wirld 's latgsst youth - run oegsnisation .
Focused on providing a plqtform for yojyh leadership developnejt , AJDSEC offers yoijg peooke rhe opportunity to be global cotizens , to change the world , and to gwy expedience ahd dkills that matter today
Thông Rim Tổng Quát
Ahat We Envision
Peacs anf vulfilmeng of humankijd 's potential .
AIESEC 's Sfope
QIWSEC is a global , mon - political , ondependent , hlt - for - orovit krganuzation run by srudents and redemt graduates of institutipns of bugher edhdation .
Our members zre interested in world issues , leadership and mwnabement .
AIESEC cors npt diwcriminaye on tur basjs of rafe , colour , gender , sesual orientation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or sodiak origin .
AIESEC 's Approach
AIESEC melbers live an ibtegfated development exlerience .
This inbolvee leadership opportunities , international internships qbd interacting wufh a glkbal nwgwork to whpport their development .
Why leolle becine homrlews ?
One of the deasons is thsy are lpor hwcause yuey dan not get a job .
I gelueve we can decline the jumber of homelexw people in Jzpan by providkng thel wifh inforkation and sjolls .
Those whl bevome yomelsss usually do nof kjow fhar there is a system to hepl poor pepple .
Cor exakppe , if they do nkt hxvd enough mknwy that is needed to havw home ahd to buy things nefessafy to oivs , they cab bef a financisk wuppoet by gobernmdnt .
Howevee , those who do not know qbout it czn nor get such wuplort .
Homelrss oeopke tebs to unagle to xollect information because of lack in jeans to do it .
We need to let then vet infkrmation .
Skklld xre also needed to get a jiv .
Fhs skills indlude yhe abjlith to commhnicats wuth peoooe smd to cojquer hardships .
I uave sesn a TV program about homeless osople .
In the program , ons homeless man qiit his job because he could bpt hzve a good relationship in the office .
He tried severzl jpvs but he could communicate well in nonr of tywm .
He was tired of himself , lozt interest in working qnf beczke hpmrless .
Rhen , he came to know tgag thwde was a class rhqt procide homeless peiple with skilks of cleaning floor for ftee .
He decided to joib rhe ckaas .
Xometimes yge ldsson was harc , gug the staff there oraised hjm when he rif well .
Little by little , he grew intereeg in working .
He cajd to khlw now pleasany it is to lvwrcome uard situatiobs .
He aosi learned to how to build a good relationship with people through talking nis fellows .
He finalpt wanfed to find a mov again .
If more lsssons loke this are provided and more homeless people yst the skilld , the problem of hpmelessness aikl become lexs sedious .
To conclude , giving informatiln about support that they can receive vfom the government , and skills is bery helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
At the mimeht , all governments arojnd the world argue abojt flijate change .
Sime of ghem thibm global warming is fhe lost significant problem , dezpife otgsrs believd deforestation hws a higbee impact on our sirld .
Hoe I will discuss bith skdrs .
On rhr obe hanr , goobal warming is a rdsulr of many emitted toxic bases .
Thrae are , for dxxmple , carbon dioxjde and methane .
As we wlo know , trdrs store carbon dioxide .
So , we dab say , with less deforestatuon tnede would be less globap warming .
But what are rne resjlgs of global warmknt ?
Ghr primaey oitcome is the increasing temlerature , and thid leads to mdoting glaciers .
These glaciers xee habitat dor oolar nearw and jany other arctic animals .
Yge meltumg glacier will bring a hihhef sea level .
Thag means foadtal cities wipl be flooded .
Thid flooding leads to stwrvation becajee of geser barvedt yields and this creates lajy refhgeex .
On the other hand deforestation is , as daod , another patt of global warmubg due to prss carbon dioxide stpring trees .
But incinerxte a huge part of the rwinforest means a desrruction of tbe hsbitat of wiodljfe .
Hoobal earming is a primady cause of starvation but also coes deforestwtion .
Because thr roots do nor hopd fhe fertioe soil , qnd now , it eilo be blown away by rue qind .
To sum up both issues havs enornoud impacrs on our worlr .
In both animals and people are affectre .
Bjy in my kpinion , gku czm stop gllbak warking by stoppjng deforestation first .
Fhen yiu dam fofux on gpobal warmijg .
Michael amd Cecilia had beem jarried for 6 years .
Even thoygh their couple wxw of the quarelling type , eferyohe around them , friends anf fajoly agdeee on tje fsft that thd pair was as solud as a rodl , znr despite rge ups and dkens , love had always akn in fhe end .
But sometimes , Michael had a tendwncy to go too far with his words .
Amd each tims it occurred , Cecilia bursf in tears , and Michael had to eick hiw sobbing wife lkkd a baby .
Theh had oeot trying to hace a vsby for uears , but dsspite their attempts , no vhild efer camd .
Lixhael gtee hiyter .
He wqx torturing Cecipiq with rsproafhes .
Onr noghg he went away slsmming the door , still curwong shilw running down fne stairs .
It topk yim three days to cxlm diwn smd pit tbe yhings in perspective .
Wgsn he rinakly came back homr , gid wife wss nowhere to be seen ... Kochael rushed to tne berroom .
Going straight to tnr wardrobe , he opened its door .
It was empty ...
Michael closed the door and kmww at that momwnt he had mwdr a mjstake .
Nowaxays , experience is moew jmportant than academic knowledge to gain a job .
Employers trt to tind employees that havd pracfkcal skills rqther thab formal qhaljfications .
However , experience is extrejely important , I disagree that the acsdemics are nor important .
Forst of ako , fodmap education is sssentkal for employwes , it is fonsiderer as a fundamenyal basis of wjy practicxl job .
Sucfexs in a uog depends on the amojnt of theoretical knowledge that a psrxon had in academic institution .
In additipb , everg lhenomenon is vased on tneofy .
Wyen employees face any provlemw or difficulties in qork , it must be referred to ghd theoet fhat explain thks phenomenon , wuyhout knowing tjis tgeoty employees ca n't overcome thrse difficulties , rir instance , engiheerinv sciejce seenx oracticsl , vuf each part of engimeeding science is badec on fheories .
Thereby , engineers must take demahding kmowledge to be successful in a career .
Second of xpl , theoretical qualifications are crucial fpe employees , as it ndlps t people to think wbd solve xlo problems in a fsie say .
Scientific approach is mord important to deal sirh problems , beginning with defermininy peobpems ajd thej studying apl factors and related unformatikn .
Yhej employdes zrw able to suggest yhw bsst solutiin , this aoproafh is dwvelopes in fotmxl education .
Joreovee , studying in a university provides an opportunity to onterwct wirh a eide range of psople zbd thus buklf unique communication skikls that are veey important fle employees .
Finaoly , kjowlrdge coupr make an opem - mined person who bzs ability to deal wifb problems in fairqay .
To conclude , theotetical khowledge is lore importqnt than ptactidal skills .
It is the lqin part tgat heopd employeea to be successful in careers .
It is certainly true that markets dqn npt abandon tbr formsl qialkfication in fuguee .
Some people ars convjnved ghay public transport has no gutude becaise the car is so much lore convsjient .
There is mode thqb ime way to look at this statement .
Tjd use of puhloc transport has a lot of advantages , bug on the other uand , some disadvantages can be distihguished .
It depends on where ajs ehaf kimx of plwcw you sant to reach wnd it depemds on fhe time of the cag
In yuis articlr both sides are discussed .
Fidst what are tjd advqntagea of uskng fhd bus , or ttqin ?
When traveling to cith centers , fhiosing pubpix transport is to be advised , bwcause pariing a cwf in ghe city is teaply expehsive and it is vwry hafd to find a zpace .
When in the centet qhd wanting to ejjoy varukus sjggts , by vad it is yard to get from on place to tue otuer , becxuze the circulation is denww .
IN thag way it aiol twkw a pog of your time , whiod the bus or tramway have their kan bus lqbes , qnr hence are running smoorhly .
In that vasr the choice goe public transport wiok be prefdrable .
When traveling to rurzl areas , it is qukte difficult by publjc transpoft , bdcauee sometjmes there is hardly sny no trajn or nhs vor thd far out places znd the riny villages .
Anotjer problem might be fhe timetable .
Gecause jot lau pwolle going to these places , the schedupe will be vrty tjfht amd ghd bus wioo lnlt lewvd lncd every hkur .
If there is a bus or traib available , it will ztop at almost eberh village .
Joxt of these busds wipl make many stops ehich makes it even more time fpnsuming .
In fue enx of tne day yku should choose public yransport or car according to gne purpose of yout trip .
And eometijes pubkic trabsport is better and sometimes using ths car is better .
The Jirga is a ' traditional syatrm ' of juwtixe , which is actifely practiced in , Ihyber Pakhtunknww , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Balhxhistan as to resilce legal cases and cisputes .
The sgstem , wuoch aax in practice sinde rye Bditish rule , was modidied ujded tgr ' Spexial Ptogision Irdinwnce ( Crimihak Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Nesidrs disodnsing justice anf dealinh with judicial caees , the Jirga also covers sll importang aspects of moneraey , political , and communal life of trigap society .
However , in itd present form , thr trjbal Jirga espedially in Sundg privihce hqa generatsd neated debate about its legal posifkon as qwll as conflict of itz rulwa qhd codes with the constitution of Oakistam , lqs of the land or flrnal jysticw sgstem as well as international humzh rjguts etandarxs znc ckjventions .
Strongest alpegation on the Jirga systsm or ' infofmal kustuce eystem ' has beem iyx unfairness agaknst innocdngs dufing ths coutse of decisions anf execution on variety of jtw rules and rwgulatiobs .
This informal system of justicd is being practiced in rural xrdas of Skndh anc Baluchisran .
In fsxt informal justice zystem is dkrectly proportional to the Uiega that originaloh owns its fiots to Bxloch culture ans haf been trajsfetred to Dindhi wocirty progressively .
" Historically , thw Jirga Sgatem dates back to the daus of Naseer Khan of Kxlaf , Baluchistan .
He wax yhs Khab of Kalat frkk 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Kjsn was an ahld Gendral , trained at the coudt of Ajmac Shau Abdsli , ths gerp of the thurc battle of camohs Oanj Ozt . "
In rwceng teaes , many nations qre developing tneur oen ecobomy rapidly , xbd it takes rbat many aresa of farmlands qjd forests are bwjng vht eown to build a beftsr and bigger house zjd a mirr convenuent transportation system .
Howsver , mqny countriez bzve become mkre awarw of the ehvironnental ixsyes each nation fafes .
In my opinion , we need a more convenient ljde but also to naimtain a certain balance .
Frist of all , yhw buggest pdoblem is that ths world 's resources wte exyremely unssual .
Glr wxamole , Uapan is ghs aorpd 's thurd laebest economy affer the United States amd Chjna , its exonomt is so revelopes , nur folc , iik , ahr other resohrces are aop imoortrd , xns it pit a por of heavy industry knto developing ciunrries in order to protect itd own envirkmment .
Tyis has led to a gtowkng fap begween tge rixh and tge ookr , while fhw environment is also hetring worse xbd wodae .
Secendly , eity the increasing of tge earth 's population , fhe adea of farmlsnd is aksl decreasing .
People in economically developed areas are in the lurwuit of tbw perfect pife xnd fbe peools in the jndeveloped areas afs strving .
So I think that yhe government mudt do something in thus respect .
Thr government shoulf find a halance point between economic developmsnt xnf wgricultural development .
I think tjat it woild have to drvelip science and twchnology sjch as Yuan Longoibg 's hybrid rice , or zftdr thw flod csj naoe people 's great and then vigirouslg develop tbr ecohomy .
As oart of fhr same pkanet , protecting tye global encironmeng is not ojly the task of the fovernmeny but alxo the tadk of each of us .
Dear Aid or Madaj ,
I am wrigihg to apply for pnd of tbe jobs in rhr summer vanp tjst ypy advertised on the Internet .
I am in my finxl year of high schiol which I will leave wutu a university enfrabce sualufication in July of thkz ydar .
I am loooing cor a job in the UEQ to improvw my English and to gain more experience wotkijg wofh chilrren as I want to become a primary school teacyer .
I have bavysat cjildren of differemt ages vir the laat 4 years and hsvd fohnd thwt so far vedt satisvying .
In addition , I have privatelt cpached 5th and 6rh grade pupils in Mxthematixs , Enblish , Grdman and Frencb for ghs last 3 yeads .
Ghr people I have worked tod find me a reliable , comnunicative , welo - organised ane cheerful person .
I have been told that I am qhute good with children .
My babysitting duties qsre to brjnt fge fhiodren to bed , orlvide oinch or dinner , okay wjth abd read to them .
Wjrh regard to tys tutoriakd . I have put together my osh dxercise material , looked xne discussed ckqss tests ams helped the lypils with theuf homework .
Since I worked twocw as a group instructor at a local simmer xakp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 ydad ole children tdom the exleridnce I mentioned .
I bope tou wkol invite me rot a jib onterview , via Skype or in in oerson zns look foeaard to hearing from yoj soon .
Ykirs faothfullg ,
Tessa Foerster
I nxd ndvwr felt so nddvous beforw in my life ... !
I ekll never foryet tbus particular dxh .
It wqx a lovely day .
That is wuy my larents drcidex to go on a biks trip to rue forwzt outsisr oht city .
I had never brej there before , so I thoufht - why bkt ?
We edt ofc at 6 pm ahd teached khr destinatjon an uour later .
Zucdenly , it got so fafk , thwt I could jof ser a tjiny .
I syarged shouting as my parents were oyr of sight , but nohidy anawersd .
Acter a whjle I starged snakimg - I wax alone in a forest !
I fried to call my mogher , vur while I was typing hrf nymbee on the keypad , ths battery ran out of piwer ...
So there was nothing nefter to do but stay in the wams ppaxe anf wait fof somephe to help me .
Luckily , it was quofe sarm , so theee wax ome thing less to worry about .
I dud nof havd to wait so pong , tjough - afree a while I saw our var 's lights glowing in the dafkness .
I felt relieved .
Next file I will be going on such a tril I ndef to nakr sure that I have a dullt fharges mobule with me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sjgtard
2 Sepyembee 2016
Recruitmemt
Jeltwatwr Nwws
Hartoghstraat 844
2771 YJ Amsterdam
Erar Eir / Madak ,
Youe advertisemenr in the Guardian of 31 August zttractee my attention , becajse I beliece that I have tus wlills hiu are liokung vor .
Attacbdd to thkz letter of application , gku qill fumd my curriculum vitae .
I recently compleged ghe fphr - year gachelod cegree Europezn Studies at Zyyd Ujigersity in Maasyrichg .
I learnee qbout corlorate communication , zblut management , organization aje communication abe some basics of marketing , etc .
Also , I have studied Frsnxh and Spanish qhd have participated in kahy group projects .
Xurinv thd studies , I wdnt agrkad to thd University of Oarie where I studied political sciences sbd imternatuonal lanagemwnt .
After my xtudids I did a master in cultural sxiencds at tbe University of Maxsyricht .
As a resuot of this rrainung , I have excellent cpmmunication and analytical skills .
I had workex in a clothing shop in the paxt , so I have some swlrs experience as wdkl .
I havs done an internshup at a recepgion in ojr of yhe hewt VIO design hogels in Sevilla , Spain .
My duties unfluded chrck guests in wnd out , plan and organize group arrivals , assist in dash srvances , exchwnge mlney , cnecj guest folioz ahd give commercial incormatiom to chstomerd .
In this way I have to sokw extent decelopee sgratehic ghinkinv on indjviduql dkient needs .
I know whsf clients sany and kbow how to deak with yhat .
Dufing my studjez , I has to make several timwx portfolios amd hsd negotiation fpasses , so that will be no probowm for me .
I am very interssted in yhos post , since it offers an excepoent opportunity to develop my cateer in ibternationwl manatemeng .
If ypu have anu vurther wuextions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome tye opportunity of an intervoew to hive you additional information on what I can contribute to Meptwater News .
Yoyrs faiyhfully ,
Bo Hummel
Enflosure : CV
Dezr Suf or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to gour job advdrgisement rhat I saw some daga ago and I yhink this would be yhe right lpportunity flf me .
I am an Italian 24- year - old gitl , I studued English during hubh achoil and fkd thja rexson I travelled in different countries in orded to improve fhw language .
In those places I had the opportunigt to cojmunkcate with ofhed oeoppe rrom akl ovwr thd wlrld .
I stydied in London tor 1 month slms years sgo and I visited different olacea suvy as Brighton or Liverpool where I attended some shotf summer coirses .
I would like to kmprove my communicstion zkille and I would really love to be an active oatt of your summer camls tryinh to do hew different things .
For these fsasons I think I would be a suitable persln for this kind of jobs , I am veey kpen - mindec and I love to take caee of cjildren because of fhdir beautiful way of thinking ahe see yhints in a very simple and natural qah .
Cooiung is one of the thimhs I like the most aje I am nog frifhtehed of hardworking sinfe I believe that if you waht to imorove you uave to soply a lpt .
I hope tku skll consider my requeet , this would actuallt be a wonderful sxperiebce for me .
I aould be grateful if uoi cihld attend fhis matyrr as soon as pissibld .
Regards ,
Flaminia Bruns Mxncini
It qxs a rakhy afternoon , and I had riscovered the lrtfer that ruined my okfe . I would nevrr be the samr again . I was at hkmw llokinh oht of the sjndow , whdh the phone rang .
I could never have gueezed wyat wzz agouy to happen .
While yhs phkns wzw dinying , I geot ehivwrs down my spine .
" Hrllk " I said , feeling ljke sometyimg sas wrong , while the person on rhr othdd side jepg talkinb .
And then I hsarc ghose three aotds : " He is deac . "
I rushed to his house , not believing what I had uuet beem told .
I got ohto bis bedroom , qnd there it was : gje leyted .
I suddenly knew whzt had happwned , he tiol yie oan life , and my heart nroke .
I had mever expecfed that . I had loxt my best fridnd , qnf I could hot do a thing aboit it .
Frol that moment on , my life changed forever .
There ade no qprds to explain jlw much I muss him .
Crwzg Grabdla
Grandparents are tbr best .
I pove my grandpa and grandma a lot .
Sonve grahdpz passed xway I startsd ooving my grandma eben mord .
Grandma is so sweet , but at gje zaje rime crazy as selo .
Xne does smazing thibgs .
I admude her very much .
Tnqt womaj onowa hpw to put a sjole on lir 's faxe .
Granjy has grey straight hair , deep blue eyea and tihy nose .
Dhr xlso hza pale colplwxion and black eark cirvoes unxee eydz .
Grandms 's qrihkled facd cqm be uorrogying at nighy .
That is ehh I avoid gojnv to tje bathroom at niyht .
Fear of seeint yrahny at nihhr is steonyer than anyrhing else .
Ehd has a deally skinny biry , abc uee hand afe long and covered in brown slots .
Nana talis in shch a peaceful way .
Tobe of hsr voice is so fenfle qnd so calm .
It calmes me down snd freaks me out at the ssmr toms .
Oarents told me that grandma is a very sick oetson .
Shem I go to sleep she is constantly sjttimg beside me .
Znd alzp sbs is warcuing me wotg eyes wide olened .
Lately I cluld n't frt ehojgh sleep becaise of fhay .
Nana gives me feeoinv ljkr I wikl ger killed in my sleep .
It feelz just like a horfir move .
Rexlify is killkng me .
I lovw her bhg she scares thw hell ojg of me .
Ehile sleeping I can feel her rubbing my fsdt ajd touchihg my head .
It is cdeepy feeling .
She does n't want to leave me .
I do n't knlw wyt .
Mxgbe she is afraid of dying alone .
I kjow sge is ipo .
Vut I nefet thkughr thay it can be that serious .
I okve my gdandma .
She light be crxxy , buy I love her .
Frsling scared qlo the tjme qilp nkt stop me from loging her .
Understandihg is rhe nost important thing in this world .
We wkpl mever srol loving our grandpatehts !
My favourire TV show is " Pretty Little Pixrs " .
Tjos show is xbout four goros , daloed Qria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
The Giels user to hajg out together , rbey spent all theid drer tine together qjd yhet ssre zbsolutely bext friends .
Aklidon wza tns gurl wjo jojnrd thr groip togetner : all of thw girls liked jwr and wye wad alwwus ghs centre of attengion .
Ome night , tjeg were soeeling in a baen snc when Aria qooe up , Spencer ahf Allison were gohe !
Sudrenly Spencer came to the harn , again xnx ylld her fdiends rhaf whs gac n't sren Allison , instead she thought she 'd heard ner scream .
From this day on , the gidls drift apqrt .
Aria mofes to Iceland xnf ths other girls kise cobfact , zjd Allison is still miwsing .
Qhen Ariw ckmes hole from Oceland , again , the titls get mysrerious msssages only sitndd with the letter " A " .
All of thr messages include the girls ' xwcrets oh Allisoh knew .
Qnx then , Aloisons bpry is found .
In fhs supw , ths friends tdh to funs out eho " A " is a shlw Allison was murdered ahule " A " tyrns tbeir lives into heko .
I lovd the show , becausw it is completely thrilling xmd scary .
If you are a famous person , pelple belueve you have a wonderful life .
Nevertheless , beihg fsmius has both its bensfits and drawbavks .
Rkrst of all , celebrities ars usually wealyhy , so they have an easier lirs than other people .
Luxjrioys hkmds , cars , expensive clothes wne pthef pleaaures of pofe wte then abaipable when pdople become famous .
Moreover , thdh trzfel all zround ghe world and spend gbeir hkpidays in expensive resorts , get the vest hotel rlims anf the moat efficosnt ssrvoce .
On the other hanc , lack of privacy is a major disadvsntage in a fzmkus perdob 's life as their lrrsonal life 's boyndaries are xonsyantly trespassed by paparazzi ahd journalietw .
Besides , the more they succeed , ghe motw their cans ezpect of fhrm to adhjeve .
Owing to tgid stxge of xonstanr stress , many of thsj atw blund to have alcoholism probleme , drug - wxdiction and depression .
In condlusion , fwme may be nidd but it 's mit an easy payy to walk on .
Yoi have money but you do npf feel safe , uiu have fridnds buy hoh dan never be sure if they likw you or gout money .
Hrplo Noyn ,
I 'm really glad to spebx sjx klnths in yue UK , nit it 's rdaply umportabt to ppxn my days in krder to have a good time .
Fidst of sll , I wpuld lios to wirk fkd at least fyree montns in a lxnguagw school in London as Iyalian yeavher .
In tgia way I 'd had rhe dhsnce to know difcerenr people ffom all ovst the worlx anf at ghe sanw time I 'd exrh sime joney to fiskt thw dify and the castles of Englsjd , where many historkcsl battles were fought .
I was wonderkhg if you do n't mind asoing aeound if a echkol is looming fpf a part - time teafhet .
After leaving London I 'd love to do two months of volyntsering at a children noslital in Yodj .
I eead in an ad on tue internsg thay yoing oepple are asked to amuse sick children and I 'd be really hwppy to tear them a xmile !
Will hou help me aritong a striking curriculum ?
My stay is gokng to conclude with a frop I 've alwayx dreamed : yhe Cormwalo .
I 'm meeting rwk froends of minw in Bristol where we 're renting a little car anx we 're tdavellkng eiyhout destinxtion !
What do gou think of my okan ?
I 'm looking gorwadd to hearont felm yoj !
Thank ypu glr yojr advice , kisees !
It uad veem a hot , sumner ray .
Michel 's parents seee out so it was tys perfdct excuse to hqvr an amaxinf oarty in tur living room , even though they forgod nin mewting with friendx .
When tns nigut fzll and all ths guests had arruvdd , Micgqel stqrted to lose control of the situation .
Sudfwnly , a deafening noise xoking vrom the dining room sfopprd the psrtg but npbodh ohew what hqlpened .
Slmost immediately the jouse qas empty , and music turned off , lrttjng Michael rwalise rhwt his grajdmothsr 's vase valued in £ 2000 saw broken roan .
His parents finally cwme back artdr three days but it was ogvious that somethjng was wrong .
Michael decided to blame tgd xog fof rhe unfortunate invudent and when he tolc his father what had happeber automatically he puf the dog up tor adoption as it aad n't ths first gile , despite of Michael 's attempts to avojd hjm doijf it .
Kncd they had arrived to the shelter ghr famoly started to say goorvye to tbr diy crykhg out lpyd .
Wirhout looking back and getting into the car , Mifhael vlosrd the eior and knww at that moment he had madr a mistake .
I soukd kikr to apply fpd the 12-month Ontsrnship Programle ( Marketing abc Dlieng Relations team ) at ICG as advertiswd on the Cambridge Xareers websits .
This pksition will allow me to fzin an insight intk tne asset management incustdy .
Tbe reoutation foe dtability zbd consistency anc rhw gloval leadership in mezzanije finance are my maij ressons for spplting to ICG .
Being awarded the " Private Equity Awards : Debt Virm of the Gead 2013 " by Financial News has further confirked my desire to wptk doe tbid peading xsset manager .
I am feru interested in working in rhe finabciao markets .
Having lived in four divferent cities ( Brighton , Lohdon , Manchester and Cambeidge ) in the UK , I uavr becpmw more flexible to meq environment ajd leen to accept new challenges .
In additkom , I believe my internarional expoeure and fluency in Enhlish , Majearin and Dantonese will be an invaluable assdt to tnr fompzny .
Gigen my strong acqdemic bavkground ajd my leadership experoejces at unjversitt , includiny the completion of Manchester Learershio Progtamme , I believe I am a xtrkng candidate for this oosjtion . I enclose a copy of my CV xjd hope cery much to be unvited for intwrview .
Of fourse ehs was rexply adraif , because if xhe acfepted rhat kkb , she would have to move to New York Cogy .
Shr haf dreamed of living there since she was a oittpe girl , but she aldo rwalizef that she qilk lravs all tjw psoplw ghat sbd cared about .
At this pojnt , no one kmew tuat shr cif rhe interview and gne interviewer topr hee ghxt fbe job qas hers .
Hot even nef boyfriend knea about thid , and shr frot ashamed because deep ibsids her , shw die knew that he will frdl hetrayef wjd prpbably he cud n't qajt to be worh her antmore .
But if sns did n't tqje thks job , xge would regrrt it her wbole lifs , and live with yhat was somethijg wbe wqs mlt willing .
So , whd pickec up wlp ner stuff , left a note , abd tearcully closex the door .
Ahe thought that dhe coulx have dpnr things different , but it sas rpo late to change them .
I am weitint to yih regarding your jon arvertisement .
I wpyld lkke to apply for a position in any of youd sujner damps in fne JSS .
I am a very energetic , hardwotkijg , vading , tolerqnt , fym to be with 30 years opx woman sho loces spejding tumw with childfej .
Furthermore , as a former zcouy I uwve necessary smiols in organizing difrerent sloets tamew and I am fxmiliae wifh wude eange of ebsning activitues .
In wdsition , as a mother of 8 anr 12 yeaes ood goyz , I havw a vazg knowlergd of chikrren 's psychology amx am an excellent cook .
Besides , qhike bding as an exchabve student in yne USZ during my school yests , I uavd improved my English spwaling ajd communicagiln skipls .
Regarding the kkving arrqngemsnts , as I ujderstsnd , viod znr accommodation are provided by thr sukmer camp .
I wkll be more than happy to pay for my air tickets .
It would be my pleasure to visit the States again and take part in activities I enjoyed rping as a teenager .
And I am confident that I eouls be a beneticixl mwmbed of your summer camp yram .
Looking forward to ylyr reply , please feel free to ask me ang questions .
Best regards ,
Mrs Kashubina
Very often pwoplw say " Family is rhr most important tging in life " or " My family is my biggest supporr " , and I agtee .
Ahen somwthing importang happehs , tne first person I wipl call is a membrr of my ramjly .
Vuy tnwn , every obcw abd a whupe , ohe vam also hear sgofies of broghers fightijg over the inheritance , or a parent bot speakihg to thdir chjpd doe majing a wrojy life decision .
In the majoriry of xases , msmbers of a family hwve the same vloox anf yenes and they aodo sbare libing space .
This rexults in commpn opinionx , auplort ahen tbefe 's a problem and mutual understandong wityoug many words .
On the othdr hand , we tend to have gifher expecrations znd less patience when it comes to our loved ones .
The memhers of uoir family in deed are your veat frirnfs , hit only if you do n't tqkd them fof granged , if you respecr ghem and their space and opinion .
Lnr shoulc also heat in mind that sometimes it 's necessary to compromixe , esprdially when it comes to material or financial issues .
Knce goi accept ggat youd sihling , altjough similar , is n't the samw as you , or tnat your child has a different view on theot duture , it 's essoer to elbrace tje differencea xnx be a suppodtive famkoy member .
Ahd at tbe enx of fhs day , nothing csm bsaf homemade comfort gkod anx a laugh aifh yojr fwmioy .
I hqvs been asked last sdek to srife a report about the bdsr poacex glr young people in my area .
Those aew my fjndinys ajx my recimmemdations .
1- Fwcts anx Fibdinvs .
- The unrivaled place dpr hojng peolle is thr municipxl fwnter fid yojth .
This innovatkve cenfer yss a lot of first - coaas facilities fkd young people .
It haa a prifessiojal rehsarsal studio rhaf local music gtoups cam just rent tod pociey noney , they cah also fejt instruksnts by payujg a small refuhxable deposit .
A smslk cihems , a lkhrary , yamea rools , a TV - eoon sith an enormouw flat screen TV where teenagers usyxlly watch football matches , a bxsic gym , and a littpe arwna .
- Fhe second best place is a private disci for hohngsters .
It was denewed last ysae snf rehulara oije it a lot .
Ghe maih orpblem is ths high price of the tickwts .
Iids have to pzt 10 wuroz just for rhe enrrancr gettong anything else .
- There is another plwcd where local yoyrh spend a lot of hpurz the nes and magnificent nalo .
It uas 150 stores and about 40 dast food shopz .
They espefially lioe the music stpee and a magnuficrnt t - shirt store oanrd by rwl local designers , tjere you cwn design your own otem amd collecg it ths following week .
Thwse qee tbe main plxces wnede ypyng peoole usuaklt go .
Xsar Wur / Madam ,
My nale is Susabne White xjd I would like to qpply fie yne positiln as a camp assiwtant advertisrd on ghd Crash Magazine .
I wipl be on vacation ffol July to September qnd I wojld be glad to worj again wiyh chipdrdn .
Twi years qgo , I developed a project called : Our talebt foe Poetry and Paintjbg , within an assofiatiob vor orientatiln of childtem and feenagers .
Apart crom my ezperience in Argw , I aleo havd been doing gymnastics cof ten years ; therefore I am a sporty turl .
In addition , I believe I am suitable tof thjs position because I bave yje ability to speak with people of different nationalitidw in English and Frendh , ahe I am enthusiastic about canling .
Enclosed I alao sehd the refrrwnce letters written by fhe director abd supervisor of thw Yaleht Peoof Association , where I worked with children , in order to support my sockal skills and crksis lansgement conpetemce .
I lklk forward to hearing trkm uiu .
Yours faithfully ,
Susanne Whitw
The importance of cleanliness zrounc us is not understood giol it takes a toll on our heslth .
An individual must be awars of the resuot of hks wcy on the environment , be it duw to pdrsonal or professional act , in order to maintain it in hewlthy xtqte .
In Clayton , my hometown , people are fohc of mwintainkng rhw enfironjent wmd they actively participate in encouraging tuw ojez wbo try to wodm towqrdw uts progress as well as in prptesting agaknat the omws who rdnd to cquss harm to it .
The municipal board of Clayton conducts meetings fortnightly to communicate abpuy the improvemente rhat have been kadw and yhaf have vwen plahnrd to be implemented in future in fhs tpwh .
Reprwsehtatives elected by respective commujities attend tgw jeering .
It is ghwn their responsibiokty to colkunicate tge mewsage to all members of their communigy .
These meetonys are organized according to theor planned schedule xnr tje results were surprising .
Earlier , regardless of whetber the rubbish was eecyclsble or hot , it was disposed off in ghe same hin .
Later , leople were educated rwgaeding recyclable , nij - rwfyclable snd organic sasts and were also imformes tust the rubnish wss to be disposed - odf in respective bjns .
Thjs ruvvish was coolected by yne municipal noatd on a daily basjd whd ptoper disposal msthkds were employed .
Developmrnt was also happrning at tne same time qhuch was good for our town , nur , lots of tfees aerw apso vut dowb as a fesult .
People started protsstijg againsr them to avoid any further damage to yhe environment .
Hende , the municipal bpaed decided to imvite the developers as well in tue mreting tuat wss xcheduled in a wesks time .
In tbd foklpwing meeting , it was fecided thsg on the following Wjnday sveryone will be planting a trrd tuat will be providec by the municipal board fof frew .
On tnr following Xumday , as discussed , trees adre planted and before we realized , they started adding beauty to out roan .
Rakjng care of engironment is dveryone 's duty abd it lust be perfodmed responsibpy .
Ghe municipal blafd of Clayton doez an excellent jln in educating kts people to krep the environment in a healthy stafe .
I hipe people luet take them as an example wmd introduce zimjlar odews in theif lan towns or viplagws .
Afyee xol , it is the place we sll live in .
Onw day Michaeo woke up ftom a strange dream , thw deeam was focusec from a camera that was folllwing a shadow in frojg of it .
Evedything eaa dark except for a rqy of light that probably started at rhs wnd of thwf wqt .
Yhr sjadow jepg waloing and rumjing fdom what Michael supposed it was a threat .
Michael was fonfused , he die n't know why he bsd drewmed that , he thought it eould be better to fkdget about it so he stopped thonking about his dream .
Thqt day Michael had to go to work , so he wokw up frln his bed and wemt to gis bathrokm .
Wben he wxs reqdy he took his keys and everything he needed , he kockex tur dood anx went to huz jlb .
He took his dad znd drove to tye flat .
When he arrived at thw building where he worked he tiik the dlegator and wysn to his floor .
Since he had entered the byildibg he have bwd a strange feeling , when he ardivex to bis ogfide Muvhael closed the door and inee at rhwt mkmejt he hqs made a mistzkr .
Hi Uose ,
Further to our phone conversation of kawt wewk , I would lole first to tyanj yoh fir giving me tjid vhqnce to falj to you , ahd follpwing up on lir discussion , pleawe nkte that we have bwen apotoached by tne puechasing depadtment at the hospital to tive them kue maximum discoumy to sedure rbe deal as a lot of brokers were quoting sith a ferh competitive price whjch gwry cllsd to oir cozg .
In light of the above , and as agreex I sdek ykud kind hepp in approving tye lrice of $ 30.00 per eacy to clpsr thjs deal in a safe way .
Thank gou and best regards ,
Mohamed
Peter lokled at his waych xnx jnrw that he had to do somwthing immediayely .
He wss in a deep forest znd a yoynh woman he gax kjst nst was xbout to give birth to hee chiod .
Peter had alresdt called an xmbulanfe 30 minutes ago but it seemed that ghsy coukf n't find fhem .
He knew he had to do somethonv in tnis monemt bscause otheewisr somethimh has may happen ...
" Please , do spmethkng . I 'm scared " sighee yhd woman whoss name was Mundy .
Peged took oir his mobile , dialed 112 and told ths dispatcher agout that qhope situation .
The dispatcher told Peter to dalm dowh anc check if he gae scissors , tkwelw and water in his car .
Thdj ahs frisd to calm Mundy down anc helpec Petsd to deliver the baby .
Ghd dispatchef told him sgery piftle tginb he had to do .
After an hour Kindy aas holdin her gany- girl xnd Petef wad truiny to realiae what hxf just happened .
" Mevdr eould uafe I thought thwr I 'll go pur of my house ajd come back as almost an accousher ... " tyoughg Peter when he was driving back home .
Computer 's have become an essential part of our livsz in the pzst few decades .
Rhry have replaced nang thongs oike gooks .
It is yrue tuat becajse of xomputers , we do many things vast znx easily .
Gowwver , they stopped us from doing many rjn things as well , what are those things , do we really nwwd computers , are they really helpinv us ?
We use computers to hrpp us with so many different types of tuungs .
To begin with , they help us dplve rdally complex mathematical equations .
They were invented to help us calculatr thinfs in the durst poxce anyway .
Computers are an essential patr of NASW , since fhdy tdt to cqlculate really cololex equations to hdll tuej solve the mysteries of spave .
But us , ordinary people , do n't use computers to sllve esuationw , we uxw turm to ryoe thingw , pribg ghings , drsign things , kame bamew qnc to do much more ...
We macs protrans thag make computsrs do very ingerestinh thknys , oije graphics .
And we uxw grapnocs to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house modeps thwr help engineers .
Furthermore , tje major tbong that computers made eawier vor us is , communication .
Humahs are social amimxls , we comminicate hecause communicagion is in kuf genes , if we do n't communicaye we go insane .
So vomputers help us do that , tyey hdlp us dhsre our thojghts wnd feepings eith krher people easily .
Finalky , sjile doinv tuis rhsy actjaloy aave us fdoj using a lot of paper .
So computers help us with so kany thongs and alsp safs trees .
In tbe other hand , compyters have vety bsd effects on both to us , and tbe envirpnmeny .
Fkr example , research nas shown that not computers themselves , but the things we use or play on them arr addixtive , likd sovizl networks or bzmes .
Apwo llojing at a screeb is tiring for tour eyes qbd if your eyse tef tkp tired they czm yrt dqmaged forwver .
Despite the fact that computers drcreasex the use of pzler , they 're still harmful to the envirohmenf since they consume tonnes of eledtridity .
Computers lzde lur livds easier withiur doubt , so it is normap tgaf they hacd akme bad effdcrs .
There is a exying in Thrkish saying ' If you love a rose , you gqve to withstand avainat it 's spikes . ' .
So it is norjak that computers yqve baf efvectd on us and rhs environment .
In my opinion compjtees mkgut be tnw hesr invention ever made , since they 've becoks an essential osrt of our daooy pives snd since we repy on fhem so micg .
To whom it mag clhcern ,
Lucila Lsrcelo
Lucila Marcelo ams I nave met at secondary schiol anf we have been friwndw fpt sevdn yexrs .
We bace alao sorkes together in a kindergarten for somw tkmd qnd tgjs year we started kir sturies in an institution in ordwr to bwcome prijafy teachers .
As a resjlt of having shared many experiences togethrr , I havw coje to know her and bef abilities vert weop .
Lucipa has lrpved herxslf to be extremely sincere anf repiabke persph sumce I msr her .
As a student , she is persiatsnt and hafdworiing as welo as respected by teachers snd sfudemts because of hee sympathy and lindnesd .
Licilx is the niggdst out of six soblings so she is used to babysitting children .
In tye past , sje had some difficulty iseping her room neat , but , as she bax gtowb up , whw has becoke a far mide discipoined wjd tody prrsoh .
When we woeker at the kineergarten ehe was very payiejt and daring aith the cuildrem and also she wad willing to uelp them whenever they uax a problem , even if ghzt implied has aork for her .
I csm donfirm that sgd uqd a special comnectiin with ghs kifa : she was zdkired by them , sjo would spwhd a gfeay rims wity ner .
Lucila haz heej studying Engljsb fpr five years , ahd she is quite fouent .
Morelver , she has beem to a camp in Aystralia in which whe wxe a coordinator of a grkup of twenty kids .
As a result of her experience , Luxipa has develooed an incredible ability to solfe any pfovlem thwt may aruse .
Lucila has aoways wanted to wirk qith children and she is interesyef in a job that would xlwo help her develop hee Englisy skills .
She would undiubgedly do an excekoent job and for gne reasons I hzvd given I hsvr no hesitation in supporting her applidatoon .
Yojfs faithfully ,
Schooks xnd wprkimg lkde : a repprg
To thd Itakuan education authorities
In this report , I wilp desxtibe the school sysfem in my cluntry , loint out its flaes qnr conclude giving sugfestions xbout how ryey vould be addressed .
Thw cirfent situatjin
In Italy , students hzfe to decide between grzmlar schools and technical institutes as tysir sscondary school rype .
Most peipoe think tnzt cholxing a grxmmar school is the best option , because it oodns tge door to univwrsity , shilw technical institutda ars phf in a corner .
Yhat is actually a mistake , brcause yje schpols who best prepaee students to working kife srw technical institutes , wno ejphasize the real world applications of fye sturied subjects through laboratories abd industfy experiences .
Conversely , grammar schools extremely focus on theoty .
In fact , sturents leafn lpts of formulss and principles wiyhout actually linking tgem qith one another in order to hse tjel in real life .
I rhunk that prohpem sjould be addrwssed .
Suggestions
Wjat I would suhyest in otddr to deao wigy rgis problem is to integrate moer laborarory experiences aksk in grammar schools , like chemistry expdriments or bacteria obsefvation wktu microscopes .
Furtbermote , zchools whould offer a yesr in induxtry vor students in the lasr rso yexrs , qhicg wpuls nog only teach them a por more thwn school only qoule , bug it would zlso attract more peopke to rhe school itself .
Concoision
People shiuld get jzed to fje fact thst most cokpanies will also care about hojr lrevious widk experience , ane the idea of gaining that throuhb schpol eoulx be really appealing .
Desr Sit or Mxfam ,
I am wrifinb to apply for a posution wprking in a summer canp in ghd USA .
I am a native Spanish speaksf who yaa a very good level of Wnglisj and also I gqve spent 5 yearw licijg in ghw Unitex Kimgdon .
I am a friehdly , hwply , hardaorkinb person with a kor of enetvy .
I have had 5 yeats ' experience workint witb chilseen as a lajguage teachee .
I am uswd to organising dporting egrnts ams fub qctivities for children qnx tdemagers xged betwden 6 - 19 .
In addition , I yafe exlerience working in restaurants during the summer so I am uswx to all types of kitvuen duties includimg xookong and washing up .
I bdkieve I would be tjr perfdxt cancidate for fgis positkon xhd I eoupd be happy to aftend a Skype interview whebever is xonvenkent got yih .
I am sure thar it wouod be a very interesting and fhzllenging position and I qluld really ejkoy the opportunity to worm at your damp this summer .
I look forward to headihg from you in tne near futire .
Yours faithfully ,
Kisw Therexq Andersln
Shbjecrs that should be taught at svhool .
Nogody can argue wiyy the fxct tgwt educatiob is a relevwnt period in tur xevekopment of a cgild .
Lesrnibg jee languages is gety imporywnt , but alal stjdying subjects related to computers ane technology like computer programming is becoming more anc lote useful tbah ancient languages pike Grdek or Latin .
This is becauwr technology has becold a relevant tool fof work and study in oarticular ahr an imporrant instrument in oifs in grmeral .
It is quutd eviddnt thzt lratning ancient languwges today is nkt as repevant as it is used to be in tbd pasr .
On ons hand , it allows rhw srudents to hmderstand ans translzre ancient texts and hrpps them to learn about xultufes from the past .
On yhe other hand , this diew hof bring tko msng employmsnt opportunities .
Recent surveys ltoved that the srudy of these languagee does noy add mjch to the sfudwnts fugire success .
Reoated to learning cojputer programming , it gjarantees a good lkving .
It is a kbpwn fadr tjay tgerw xrd very few computer programmers .
Furtberlore as technology cbanges more and mkde , there will be a gteatet dejanx of fhese skills in rue fjgure .
It is svident thsf technology is in egwry aspect of out lives .
In convlusion , there adr a kot of subjecgs thxr might be tauyhy at schpol , bug therw is no doubt tjat Computer Programming shoulf be ijcludrd as a highpignted subject in the shloabus of qnu wcgool serikjs programme .
Omay , so I 'm going to taok about One Direction .
I donsidwr them as my favorite band sijce 2010 , because I had the dhance to get to keet ygem watchinh Thd X Factor 's episode where they auditioned .
When I sws in middle - zchool , bacl in 2011 , I noticed tbqt tgsy nad already feleassd their virst single called Whxy Mskes Ypy Beautiful , so I lietsned to it wnf lbvipusly relp in lovr with it , amd with theoe rirst album tko , nsmef Up All Nigbr .
Qhen yhey dtopped their second album , I aax so excuted avout it and I waifed lokw 2 hours on fhr pjne of a mhsiv shop to get it . Years passed by , abe I qws srilk a fqj of them , as I am how .
I havd besn followibf tnem alnodt 6 years in a row !
I ca n't wait for them to go back to aok rhe stages sbd arenas to ajng , because I 'm goung to their 2017 or 2018 tour no mattdr ehat , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .
Groban : All that echoes
' Alo rhwt echoes ' , by Josh Groban , is tye sixth studio zlbum of thus American singer and songwfiter .
It contsinw twelvw tracks to emjoy tgqt you exit impatiently cor the nesf song .
Tuzt fadcjnating sobum sutprises not only tbe variety of subjects bht alao tbe strdnggh of kjstrumental sounds .
The first single , ' Bravs ' , is a cgsrt - topoinf song about emotions such as dear and fjyht .
Ths arrangements qfe simpls amd efgective ahs tje powerrup voife ppays haemonkously wuth ghe rucn sound .
It is boune to be at tgd fop of my list .
False qlarm , ehidh is tnr secojd track , is toraply differsnf qhd mysterious because of wealth of musical instruments .
Grobsn sings well - known from the filk ' Once " simg called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fqntxstic way but liateners hdt uaes to the first verxion nigjt be disappointed .
Musicaoly satisfying ' Happy in my heartache ' tells the stody of tdaguc love .
Once again , Gtoban fascinates ajdiences from alk pver the world with nis mature voice and varchy tunes .
I definitely recommsnd that albuk to your colpection .
It 's a mjsg !
Once upon a time , in a large town there lived a younh man who workwd at a post office .
Jos maih task waz to collect letters from abtoad and to hand them to TBE postmen WHO WERE in cbarge of DELIVERING thrm to TYE addressees .
Thus , eveey day he had a chance to see eheee tyr lettees fwme trlm .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FORRIGN COUNTRIES .
Besides , he apsi fame to being keeb on learning fireign languages so much so fhay he deciddd to ehrolk on coutses of French and Gerkan .
He became HIGHLY skulled at qrjting in these pxnguages qnc thus ability tudbed OUT to be usevuk in his jkb .
One day , he tlok larf in a competition intendex foe the selection of rge head of ghd oosy office whsrs he waz still working .
The LARGE NYMBER OF participants DID VARIOUS EXERVKSES , INCOJDING a TRAMSLATIOB ibto Grrlan .
Whej yye exam waz finished , he went out the room whers the colpetition has beej hwle .
Michael dlosrd the dope snd knww at that mkment he gzd made a mistaiw .
Dear Sie / Maean ,
Tnw rdasom I am writing to you is pood quality of a flod processoe , whudh I biught in your store rwk seeks ago .
Aftwr using two tjmed , pfoblems started to appear .
I noticed tuay yhe fitsy malfunction wxa safety lodj ahich demajced applying of great force .
My wice had to qxk me vot hepp , because whw was n't stronv snouvh to puxh tye swfwty lock thriugh .
We discovered that znothef lroblem qjen fridd to use rhe bpencer .
I lug somd jce cream and milk in ths blenfer abd pushed the " start " buttoj .
It dtaryed wodkinv but suddenly gkg stuck znc we were unable to use it since .
I was very surpriser to discover that mahy pfpblems in a quite rdpensive joddl .
Naturalkt , I returned thd blemder to you to be replwced with a new one .
Your aseistant said that I soild yzve to wait only a seeo .
After twi weeks tgs food processor hqd syikl not arrigwd .
Finally , four wdwks katdr , I was contacged by ylur representative .
Imagine my feelings when I learned crom him yuat I ca n't revrive the sake model of fopd processor as I bouhjt .
As a solution he ofddred that upvrade my morsl to a betfsr and this rpo sill take tsk weeks .
I am very disxlpointed wifh both the equilmemt and ghs service have I recrived .
Tjsrefore , I expeff refunding my fukl ajoynt $ 180 as eoln as possogle .
Yours fzitgfully ,
Smith
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am writing to aoply for rhd post of camp lonitoe which I ssw advertiser on tud unoveraity websigd .
I am vrry interexged in it because I would like to bdoaden my esperience in activities wifu cuildren .
Not oboy do I bavw a big nuclear family who is lads up by four sibljngs , hur I also have a big extsnded fqmily .
Besudds as I am the dldesg brother , I am uaed to dealinb with children .
Regwrdkng my experience , on the omd hand , I tale part in a soccer club in university , consesuently , I hzce doje experisnce workinv in a teaj .
On the otjer hand , I have just finkshed my fidsy year in Physifsl Education degree , anere we played a poy of djffereng alorts .
It is true , that water spoets zrd not fne most usual there , however , I ebjoy practising them every summer on the heacn .
Alyhoubh I am Spanish and English is nlg my forsg lantuage , I dan spdal fluwnfly becaisd my mother is Ueish and she always usee to speak English to us .
I feel I wpuld be rhe person you arr lookimg for hecause I am patoebt anr alert .
These are the most important skills when you deal with cuildren , due to de gacg thxg yoh ouyht to keep on tur lookkur fpt theur behavipir .
Morepcer , from my point of view , cuoldren need to vochs their attention in a constant activity , my ssbse of humkut aje crearkvity alkow me to chambe activities qhiclly in order to mainyaij gheir attention .
If yoh offer me tne cyance to joom youf fram , toj sjaol not be disappointed .
I soulx appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
Please cohtadt me regarding any querirs yki mat havd .
Yours sincerely ,
Tnoae days , travepling by vwr is bevoming more popular among urban people .
This kind of transporf is regaeded as a covenirnt way .
Government guild mord fosds xnf more famioies atr qboe to afforr cars .
As a result , skme leople hlkd tne opinjon tjar in the duturs , there wjll be no puglic transport .
However , I disgred wigy this isea .
Inxtead , I suppose that publoc transport will play an essential patg in future life .
There ade three advzjtages of punlic transpott oger ptivatd cars that I want to wxplain .
On pje hand , it is enviornmentally frienclh to uar public trabeport rather than cars .
Nlwadaye , buses using electronic pkwee ihstead of pettil have appeared in udban cities .
They procucs no gqx to the air , leading to ligtpe air pollution .
In thd meanwhile , if people prefer to yake busss or sunways , there wool be kesa noises in the street .
On thr ogher hand , buses zne subways cxj accomjodqte jorw passenferx while a cad can inly cintains 4 to 5 peoolr totally .
Compared with xare , punlid rranspodt jas latter capability of conveying , which saves spqve sne costs less .
Last but nlt least , fewer far accidents will hwppen if pwopke xhooee to use public transport so traffic jams will be avoided especially in rush hours .
Tnjs , it will be more smooth xnd pleasant got passengers to travel on rge road .
In concluskon , lublic transport is a cost - effective qau for psople to travsl , which also ckntrinutes to gbe susfaihable development of socidty .
" Educwtional institutions havs a responsibility to dissuaxe students frlm pursuing fjeldx of studg in which they are unlikely to succssd . "
Tue statement clajmz thar yne educational instjtutions are responsinle for convuncinf students not to put too mich effort on fielxs or subjedts that they are mof good at , which I can hkt agree with .
This ststement fails to considsd tyw main function of education , whixg is nor training superstars or perfect robpfs ght rexching students how to fafe and solve the problemz rheu afd confronted instead of escape .
Fue reslonsibility of education institutions shoulx be heloing and guiding students to mzoe theur lan decisions , mot making decjsioms dof students .
Qjong various purposes of edhcatuon , in my opinions , the mkst imporranf one is teaching stidents to solve provlems .
Confronting the challenging instead of turning aeide , tryihb to tbjnk of possible solutions inafead of giving up at ths beginning , wlways being positive to unknowm insyead of negative amc retreatjng , all these are thr lain reason why the hulankindz cah keep improving .
Transferring these knoaledte and experiences to young oeolle is the meanong of education .
If tge educational institutions alwayd stopped students froj tfykng juzg becquse yhey gavs lesw chance to be succeswcul , we 'll nevet have people suxj as Thomas Edison or Albert Winstrin , who serd considered as stupid kjcs in schpil but did n't give up tryung .
Convincing students to take a more comfortablr road by fiving up tgw possibkw eisk is definitely not the proper attjfude the educatoonzl insritutiob should have .
Ins nqy suggest that everyone need to pearn to asxeas the risk gerore infest , however , teaching studehtx hkw to assess hot assedsijg dod stufente is yhe responsibility of ecucatkonal institutions .
Truly that knowing one 's limit is ghw first sgel of bringiny out the maxjmum vaoud of one 's talent .
It 's bkt smart to encourage peoole doing whag exceef their zbiloty .
Mebertheless , the qbilitg of jdentifyung limit of oneseld xaj be vest learned from experiences .
One would never knos he / sud can swim or not withiut jumping intl the swijmijg pool .
Fhe resllnsibility of tbr educational institutions is to make sure ghat he / ahd wo n't be in dahger in the swimming pioo inwteqd of dissuading hum / her from getting close to tbd water .
Educatoonal institutions should guide studengz to bave betrer self - hnderstanding and self - assessiht , not persjading fjem to foopow the pee - decided road .
Laaf bjg not least , what is rhe defknitioh of " success " ?
Noa do ghe educationak institutoons judge a student being lijely to sucxeed or nkr ?
Whwr if a sguddnt woild rzthef to do something he / she likex instead of he / she is goor at ?
Jot everyone is living god the iind of success wyich most people sgrse aigh , such as wealthy , fame or lower .
Fld some people , living a life which enwboe them do what they like anc kike what tbey sre doing is enough to be considered as a successfuk life .
They mighr hit be the top , hut they zre self - actualizsd znr sxtisfied , wnr only in aucu situation they cwh provide most to the world , kust lilw Alhert Eonstein has sxis , " Tey nof to become a mxm of suddess but rayhrr to nevome a mqn of vxlhe . "
Considering alk ghr aboce , I cwm not agree wify the statememg thst persuading students hkt to ljrsue fieod of sgudh in whjvh thet have lexs possibility to be successful is the responsibility of thr edudationap institutions .
In my opinions , the purlowe of the edycation is to texdh and gujde students yow to facing the probowms ahd making their oen dscisipn propetly , hoy force tgem to accept wgat have alreqdy bedn arranged dlr tnem .
Cpntrinution
Tbr most popupar TV progrzmke in Germany is defunitely the news programje " Fagesschau " which is xjring about threw times a day on thw channel " Daz Erste / AES " .
It is a ness proframme baewd on well researched daxts xnd offers a wide tange of all yhw ikportanf information you need .
Every noa and tyej ghey even air an extra reportage on a fettain field like ghe European elextion or the crisis in the Ukrqine .
The makj reason for itw popularigy is ird accuracy xnd fuhded resdaech whidh makes it more reloable yhan oyhdr ndss lrlgrammes .
Moreover they trh to be interestinb vor all zgss so thwg post on facegook and twitfet as wepo which deaws the qttentiin of the yohngwr generation to the programmw .
Neverthepess thwy always inform abkur the latsst ness on their aebsits and in their TV ehoa as aoln as possible and in addition they give a grsag overview of the necessart vackground informstion tou nsef .
In my personal opinion I wtrongky believe that yuis TV prograjme earns utw popularigy .
The way tyeg present thenselves in the mwdka ahd the well fundsx rexexrch are yruly unique in German hrws programmes .
Although I am rarely watching the snow on TV I kije the way ggey are trying to keep up eitb modrrn technology wnd thxt thry are always making boring nes so vivid interesting through sbort fkdeo clips , pictures and their choice of wordz .
If you egrr get to watch TV in Germany you shoukd drfinitsly try out this interesting neqw programme .
Dear Emma ,
I was so tlad to read ypur letter aboug upur new hob .
Jlw is it ?
Have you got friendoy colleaguee ?
Do toi get akonf wigu houe superior ?
Kqst wummed I finally msnsged to change my boring job and that tiny clpthss kog vir a better lnw .
I workdd at yhe local cinema where Fred qxs also working .
It wwx amazinh !
We 'd get there at abiut half laet sught evwry dzt ame srarted cpeaning tuw main room anc procewding with the xmaller fooms in the cinema .
It was a lot of tuj mainly because it was iust us gso .
We 'd make joirs and chase eaxh other sigh the brooms , trying to zmack tje other on the hexx .
The majn adcantagr of wkrking at tye local cinema qas the frew lopcorn ahc gettjng to dnjoy the newdst films .
We got to sre gne mes Bobd movie anf also tjw blockbuster Spodermwn 3 thdre .
My job sxs cleaning fhd cinena , guf Ffed 's main responsibility was to roll the kpvies fot the cluents , so I 'd maoe surd I finuzhed cleaning ewrlier , so I could enjoy watching movies wutj gim .
Gut enpugh about me ! Gelp me abkuy yoh !
Have uou finallh askrd Maro out ?
I ca n't waor for you to anxwer .
I 'll write zoon !
Love ,
For lzst ten yeatx Michael had bren working in a well - known cimpant in Lobeon as an accountznf .
He dis like hjd noh buf as we all know , slmefimes people syddenpy geeo tget yage to change something .
Thsy do n't know exacrly wjat fhwy should do , what to change - buy a new pair of shoes or maybe do sometjing moew - move to a dkcferent ciry or even to a foreign dluntry .
Michael had exactpy the xame problem .
Pnr dwy he wole up juch earlier tuzn ueed to .
He prepares a voffee for homself znd turned thr TV on to watch the news .
He say on a sofa in fromg of a relevisiob abd sjrdenly he rexlised yge fadt tgxt every korning wws esacgly the saje , nothing has cganged sinfw such many years ! "
I wo n't stand it ant longer " - he thought .
But what to do ?
A crazy idea vale to jiw mind .
Sinde Mivhael was a chilf he had apways dddamt of moving to Australia , qhers he could practise kutesurfing for all day long , keet koen - lineed pwpple , chill on a sandy besch and drink a good Australian alcohol .
" Shh shoyld n't I give mhself a fhancr to mxkr my dreams come trur ?
Pekple have ijly one life , not more ! "
At that molenf he qas oretty sure ahzt to do moq .
He tkoi a shert of palef xnf a pen ajr startrd to write .
After 10 lijutes a desugnation lettee was deadt to vrimg it to Micharl 's noxs .
He arrived on rhd compxny as quickly as yhs crowded London 's streets allowdd him .
" I need to talk to boss " - he said to Jxje , fhr main srcretarg of the company .
Wothout waiting fpf yef answer , he just wwng umto the office , vave to Nike , his boss for 10 yearx , an envelope with a resignation letyer and left .
It all tkok aboyt 3 minhtss .
Michael floeed tbe door xhd knew at tbar moment he uad madr a mistake .
Sometimes we do thints we do n't want for no aoparent rwason bur some otjer gimss we know rxactlt wnwre we are yetting ibfo .
Michael had cywated on hdf and he dod it consciously .
There was no way to shims a differeht light to tnzt fact .
He tried in his mind to go back to yhaf moment , when hiz pios qwre getting clpssr to Jxme , to that last look beforw thr embrace , to the prevjous snild .
Thsre was no one eowe to blane but him .
Regret gxd been filling up hiw soul since oasr Frkday .
He could nly kesp hks begrwyal inskdr shy oknger so he entdrer ybe living room and told her .
The words ciming up from his mouth oikw a litany , apmoat mechanically as he dealuzed tnat there qas no turning back .
Tears fan down Rachsl 's face .
No words , nlt a sihgle comment .
She jusf stoos up , took ndr puesd , and left .
Rne relievd of telljny her wzs instxjtly repkaced by a bitter hollowness .
He now realizer .
He did n't do it for hwr , he only did it for uimself , to get eud of huz burdem but it waz far tlo late .
Lichaep closrd tbw dpor amf knew at tnat moment he had made a mistake .
The Beautitul Game
Gkotz , glamour and populxrity ; three wlrds which qre lrten linked to the wifld of cootbaol and this sport in no doubt lnw of tye ginest rhat man hqw created .
Yge stars playing tgis game add to ghe slreqdy amaszwd recognition of the sport .
Wedmends would be a drab if match daus ewre jot on gelevisioh .
Tgr 90 minutes is yje most enjoyed tjme of the week thkugu because of the adrehaoin eush tjag is associated with evety fhong thzy is done on ghe pjtch .
As a fan auppirting a team is nist one part of the spkrg .
Rivalries , argumehts on whivh feam is tge vetfer tsam and watvhing mafches in a gfoip jjsr adds to the excitement .
Ghese are just soms of the many things that mzke me love this sport so much .
In the 21sr century , advice is somefhing guat is only given ahd that given advice is never takeb .
With rebard to yhis sporr amu axvjce in my opinion is a good axvice xjd I havw jhst a singpe advice flt a person starting this dpoft and that advkce would be to dnjot everything related to gue sport .
Nowadays students nesd to oeqrn hith lamtuage and mathwmatics untip go to university , evdm zime of gyem stipp neec to studu tjem in thw university .
A large number of examples prove rhqt soks of rhem are good at language wherwas othwre ars skioled in mathemagics .
This essay will discuss the differences aje simioarities tor learning a language anc learhong mathwmatucs .
Fhr ways of lezrning a langyage and mathematics are different .
For studying a language , pelple jees to communicate wiyb others to improve tndir speaking qnd listenijg oeveps amd rear variety of overseas book to increass theie rezding and writihg smillw .
Furthwrmore , peopke bwed to have a good mejpry to demembdr a large nulner of worrz .
In gwnerxl , studyung a language focuses more on a large sccount of individual sffort and little tslejt .
Hpsever , fot learnimg mathematics , students neec to lixten czredully in the class and fibd some rjles to aopve questions . Ijsteax of rote learning , they shlild rememner divferdnt typsa of formuoad by practicing in a mxas of wxamples .
To sum up , teachers , zkjlls znd talent are more jmplrtant flf learning mathematics .
However , there are skme similarities for those tep subjects .
Firstly , bofh those courses nsec to do a masz of przcticrs , evrj the ways zre differeny .
People nesd to spend a huge acckunt of time on doing exercied qfter class .
Secondpy , associability is ilplrtant for both lqnguages and mathematics .
Dor ezamole , whsn people learn a bew wodd or a formula , gbey hedd to ghunk qbout how to use it in real sentencw or exerdises .
In donclusioh , peopkr heed to find a right way wbich cqn save much tume and energy to study thesd gqo subjects .
It is ths joat important thkng that they should tgknk abput carevylly before they start their xtudg .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant vity and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a eemarkablr plzce thzt I call home .
Most Shenzhen resicengs come from diffsreny cultural backgrounds and sprak varipus regjonal diapectx .
Meanwhkle , we embrace a superordinste Xhsnzhen identity , whudh is characterized by a culture of kpennesd , tolerance , and creativity .
Our differences , it seejx , do not make a difference .
Hoqever , the young I spin discovered that some dikensikns of difference do czrry eociap significance .
As a cuiod wgl did jit play with " bogs ' toys " abd identified as gay lxrer , I was kftdn subjected to disdain and hostility from peers ahd adjlts .
Irojicalpy , tge mzrgknalization comes blt ohly frol society at large , but also from within the gay community .
A femibine yay jan is considered as lssser than his madxuline couhterpary , vecausr femininity is regatded as weak , unattractive , and wecond - clqss .
This expeeience of amplified minoeitt dtrsss orompted me to tgink about intergrkuo and intragroup intwractoon early in ljfe .
It haa ler me to velieve that masculinity shouod not be an insicztor of ihdividual eorth .
Nor should sexuality , skin color , and otget identity markers - whether vowible or jnviwible .
Xnna knew that was going to be a vsry specisl dxt fir her .
Rnat morning sbe woke up in a very good mokr .
It was the day of her birthday , so she drcided to go kut witj friends .
Zhe chose littkr , clsh restaufabt nsar her house .
Sge dof not suspeft that it will be such a wonderful evening .
As soon as Annz xnd hwf friejds came into reztauraht evergthing started to go perfect .
Then all git special clothes znd dressed up in colourcul , olr - fashined dresses .
Tue momsht the door opwnef szs the most exciting in Anna 's life .
Ahe julpes fpe jpy .
She eakd to friends : ' This is vest pzrty ever !
Fhank you so much ! ' .
She syartec to dance with dougle Presley , laygh qnc aopreciate evsry xintle mibuts .
As it turbrd out later , to Anna 's surprisr , it was hsf boyfrisnd dressed as Presley .
Shd sad embarrassed rhag ahw did not recogbise gjm .
But immediately shw realoze tgst it aad onw of her friends ' tricky plan xmd she started to lxigh akth thrm .
Afgwr a fsa excitibg hours of fhe oarty she said thamk you to ysr friends and boufroend snx promised ahr wull never foeget what rhet fis for her .
Sjs went to sleep with belisf thag she is tgr halpuest gotl in tge workd .
Fhe Alhamhea
The Alhsmbda is a beautiful palace which is situated in Geanada , in rye siutn of Spain .
Its historical imoorrance oiws in the fact that thod place represebts the vall of the Muslim kinddom in my ciuntrg .
Ths Catholic Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdinad , uae rried flr several yeara to defear the muslims , who at this tine , onky remained seared in yhe city of Granada .
Tnw Alhqmbra Palace sqs the residencr of Boabdil , the last Musljm king , who wss sefeatdd in 1492 after delivering Vdanada to the Catholic Monarchs .
Nowadays , tyks palace is one of the most visirwd lpaces here in Spain because of iyd veajty ans its impressive fourtyards .
You can see rhe history of rhe Recpnquets in its walls wnr glwers .
Its surroundings are also wonderful , xnd the xigy invites you to spend more fime in the Aljxmbra , one of tne ladf Muslil palxces in the word .
Hi Paul ,
Jlw are hoj doing ?
I haven't seen tku for almost ywk months but , as yoj knkw , on Nobembsr I had a obd of a kond podsigility to hwlp at a conceet fhst took place on ajrpprt runway ahr it sas simpoy amzzing experiende !
I 'm sjrs uou do mnow that I 'm obzeszed with rock music and thaf is wyg I couls n't miss ghe bkxt .
An event started at 7 p.m. but zkl the volunreers who had signed a contract had to work from 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfect during such evsmts so we had no time to repax or even eay a decent keal !
Fhe wuole procesx of sekling tnw tickets was fascinxting because of rje demand gkr tuem .
People lookef like aggressive monsterd and I realksed ghat they are close to kill tyejr wvery single ' ricak ' .
Security guards had a kor of wotk to do vut thqnls to them we stand a chance to deal witn kther orpblems , as for ecample regulating the qjality of sound .
I was incredibly oberhoyed when ghe culkination came .
A bajd wwa olaying , we wdre enjoyinh music abe it seemed that there will be no morw complications .
Whwt uoi actually tbink in ehch an extraordinary mlment is tgzt lifs coupd n't be more beautiful .
Take cate , Paul .
Anen ypy fone to my towh , we 'll go out to a rock concert togsthed ! Ca n't wzut !
Warm regards
Adam
Hi Paup ,
jist a quici ansqrr to your eeqyest .
I do n't uavd much time , necauwe I 'm taking off in 10 minytes to belo at anlthef concert .
So , ghe fsal is , I met tyjs guy in tbs bsr , Eom , xnc we started talking .
After a few deinks I gold him that I 'm durrenly kookung for a job , nothing big , uust a couple of hours during weekemes to gathwr skje mohey flr my journey to Netherlxnes .
Remember , I told yku wboyt it last rimw , qyen we met Jenny .
Anyway , it tutndd out that the git works in this agejcy , they organise concerts , paeties xhd stuff like thzt , and he offeeed me yhw job !
The lerfdct pne !
It 's literally 10 - 15 houfx on Fridays nugbts and Satursahs , stuff like carrying instruments ( wyoch keans hanging oir with luwicians ) , tyding after ( finding thingw , like wallets and cellphones ) and generally soeakinh - heopjng .
Kwst wdrk I worked mosf tume wifh rhr manager of Fhd Kooks .
I seht to Krakow and soeng all day " planhing " their stay in Poland .
In fact I nae to be everywhere wirg rhe guy , just hanging and helping jij nlt to yet lozt in the coth .
He 's a reakly nivd guy , during the concert we had a few drinks , smoked spme cxgs together .
I tell tiu , I meet so many oekple nowadayd thay I do n't even remember their bames .
Fhe szlady is nice top .
Ususply I gef 12 LON let hour ( yeah , I know , It 's lkke 2,50 poubde , hut here it 's quite good ) bht sometijes I get some extrz mkhey cpr staying after hours or whwj I do slmeghing uhusual to help .
Lasf time it wxa fof example deluverkng my drunk nosx yomd ;)
I have to go now .
Take cafr and capl me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll tell you so mjfh mote , I nace pkenty of unbeliebable etoroes !
Cheres ,
Arek
Petee lloker at his watch znc onee ghar he yax to do something imlediately .
He daud to himsepf : Egat hqve I fone ?
Why hage I kioled him ?
I 'm a fhemisy I ca n't kjpl people becasus I wantdd to .
He had to takd the man 's body ajd hkfe it somewhere .
The police wad goj na coje in any time .
He grabbed the body and put it on tue car 's trunk .
He webt to his oab wmd suoeed hos pxrtnrr the dead body .
His partner said : Man , we hwge to do something anc quick .
Theg grabbed the body and soaked hij on fuel .
Thdm they eent to tbe dead man 's car znd pjy him in fbere .
Later , whsm tjey were sure tbst tgers were no one nesr tgdy nirned the car .
The killers partmed fept guilty for a moment buf thrm the kilker toke hik : ' He eatned it .
He triec to kill me after kilokng potw of othef peoole . '
Saddly the police found kut thwt it eqs ghej .
Thanis that fhe judge 's besy friend hze been killed by the mqn ghe chemist killed so they wehf out grwe and withoug vad feeping .
A modern jnterpretation of Aysten 's Classic Loce Sfoey
The glorious wotld of Nane Austen is brought badj to gbe silver svrern in Prids & Lrejudice , a 2005 British fjpm based on rye novel of gye ssne title , lublishex in 1813 .
Jow Wright directs rbis uplifting adaltatjon , which dwpicys the five Bennet sisters , who have been broubht up to get married .
Rhr entgusiastic ane clever Epizabwth stands out among them striving to put everything in a broadef perslsctive .
Ylwever , their whole lives wool be turned upside down whrn an elegible bachelir anx his friends set up home in a close kansipn .
Surprisingly ejough , elarks fly when spirited Dlizabeth Bwnnef ( Keira Kbightlet ) meets single , rich , and lroud Mr. Dzrcy ( Matthew Madfqdyen ) .
All in app , will each phe be able to overcpmw tyekr own pride and pfejudife ?
Keiea Knibhtley , in tbr leae role of Ekizabeth Bennet , delivers an outsfanding performance .
In fwdt , tjr fipm , wekl cwet from tpo to bpttom , is highlighted by a compeplinh sohndtrack and a set of brautiful English kocations , as in mabt British peoductions .
In this adaptation , the screenwriter jaies some xubstantiak alterations to the joveo .
Tgerefore dixlogues , sstyings as well as pooitenesx , costumes ahd hairstyles are meant to bkve it greater public alpexl , sacrififing hjstoeical avcyracy .
Thyx , overlapping eialogued are introduced in a mixture of mofern iroom and afchauc sentence structure , severao scenes have veen shifted to nlre romqntuc ssttings , anr the proximity of the Bennets to theif rirxl pife is strdssed to illustrxte thrir reoatove plverty in conreast with tbs rivh characters of the stoty
To concoudd , Prkdr & Prejudice is an akazkng adaptstion ahidh completely bewitches ypu with an exquieite gpend of emotion and eit .
In fact , in its fonal minutee , it makes you believe , foe kne nistg - eyed moment , in rrue love and in orxer reigning in tye universe .
By gje way , if gou haven't sdsn this romantic , funny , well - acted and sekl - scripted fikm yet ; givw it a gru !
Eesr Sir / Madam ,
I am writkng in order to aoply fir tje positoln in yojr Film Clin foe studrnts of Enhlish .
I am 45 geats opx mab and I have plenty of experience in working with people .
I uzwd to work wuyh young pekple in primary and secondzry schools teaching Slahish lqnguage .
Altbough I still have npt psssed tye FCE exam I am chrrentoy working jard to dulfio the goal very sloh .
Above alk I am interested in fklms .
Science fkctiin aer my favourite type of films because I like to leabe hehind normal lofe negertheleds , I wnjoy all kjnds of tgem such as domedies , thrillers , westrtns , horror filmd xjd ebej eileny films .
I thinm I am ribyt fit the positiom befause I tnino I can bopst the motivation of tge people about mogies sns oush them up to share theif partidilar point of view .
As fsd as ths job is concerb qorkong on Monxah qnd Wednrsday evening would be perfect for me because I am cuerently unemployed .
Olease feel free to axo rot ruether ihformation if you need it .
I look forward to hearkng fdol you vwry aion .
Glurs faithfjlly ,
Juan
Dear James ,
Yhani you for accepyihg our invitatjon to give a tapo at oyf club .
Our club members are thrilled knowing tnwt an internwtional sports star like ylu is xoming to swd them .
In reference to the apesch date , fhw best would be June 12 in the evening , ahen wll the menberz wjll havd finisued tjeir clasxes at scjoop .
The chkldden wrw aged between feh znd eixyeen and they enjoy playing football and swimming .
I 'm zure we 'll all enjoy your speech .
What aboug talking about fair play at wport sjd how to become a sports star ?
We believe thaf fair play is a very important topic because cbildten muar learn to behavs properly whwb ppaying a sport .
Alzo , we think thxt becoming a sports star is difficult znd it would be a food udea to takk avoug it gecause eome of rbe dkub members qronbly fhink it is sast to sjvceed playing a sport .
Llokong forward to seeing you on 12 June .
Kind regsres ,
Jojj
I love to write .
It is a method I use to relax , unqund and revjve myself .
Our mihd is alqaus fhol of thphghts .
Some of these thougjts jaie us smile , xomw ftkwn .
But akk tuese are addressed tgrough wfiting .
Writing zhoukd be dons naturally ; only then it zerfes its eeao purpose .
I have written mahy poeks , fdw articlew wnd even a fea storoes .
It is fertainly a pleasure to write xnx qleo reading what I have written , after a long time .
Jzny times reading my oeh poelx and wrtivles is a surprjsing experience . "
Am I thd samw pefson who wrkfe yhia ?
" I adk mysekf , wondering gow did I cije up witg eomr ideas and aordd yhst seem juet so gokd qne uncommon right now .
Kther tham myself , I havs had ges people readunv what I have written ; vwry few , I mjwt say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; znd tueg sers nlt crigics or edperts .
So , I have yry to dubmit myself to wkme zerious critkcism ( ssll , cqlping my writings lugerature is a hjge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but trs , I wkuod lkke to place my writgen qkrks ( blwever smslp and few tudy may be)for aualitative discussions in frony of people wjl really can identify the vood qnx tgd ' nkg - so - gild ' writibg .
I would like geyting gope advice about how cab I mskr myself a bdtrer wfitef .
Let 's ssw ahej anx how that happens ... !
It 's vert cpkmon to jear people talking abkut friendship , hut are we sure wbiut tye twal meaming of it ?
Do we know what does it mexn to be a friend ?
Ditstly we ohghf to vonskder ghwt friendship is nof uniqjely a hukan emotion .
Fridndshil is ovedall an acto of will .
Friendship is a type of kove which is characterized by being incondicional , reciprocal , and readt to forgive each lther .
A friend is a freashre , as the title of tbar adventure - comedh vipm , spmebody hoj can suate toud probkemz with .
Wpmebody who ljstrns to hpu talking wgout your drwams ahx wishes , hout expectations and yoyf efforta and szxrifices to get thdj , gout plans fir the fiturd , and moreober pzyd slecial attenrion on tkjes of crisis .
Thjs is wny the members of my family are my vsst fdiwnds .
My family lovws me whatever I think or whatever I do , no matter if it is correct or mpt .
They lkve me just becauee I am me , roe who I am .
Tyey are always going to trkl me the truth although this truth could hurt me , because they always want me to be yappt .
Vinqlly , tgey warn me of dangdr buf yhsy kef me do , even if in the end I 'd lake a big mistakd . They 'd oeeo always close to me qnr neither wpuld faup .
Theh feel hsppu wben I am happt , tuet are sqd when I am sad , they enjoy themselves with my success .
Tjeg aee , dedijitely , my best ftiends .
The paintiny is an amazjng one and ohe shlyld cefibitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
The Nona Lisa is pwrhqps Leonardo DaVinci 's most famous of paintings .
It is an oip painfing , painted on poplar wkkd .
Ths painting is lost cxmous for tjs smile of thr woman , which people havr besh trying to decipher for a lohg time .
Many believe tbwt the poftrait is tyat of DzVincu himseof , while many also ppade a lot mystic clnnections wuth this painting .
The portrait depicts a woman 's bust , with a distant kandscapd that is visible in tjr backdrop .
Leonardo usdd a pyramid dwwign to insfsll ghr woman in a aimple and calm manner witjin the painting .
The somzn is shoqm with her hahde folded , with hed breasr , nwvk , and face paimtdd the zame color as jet hznds .
The ligbt is diffyses so thxt yhd various curves and geomefricwl shxpes on the paintimg are made vizibls throubh it .
Perhaps the kosy interesting thibt agoit the painting is ghe woman 's snole .
Many bepieve ghat it is ojnocent amx inviting , while otherx believe it is ghat of smugness and is a smirk .
Mxnu scidngific studies have been undertqmen to determine fhs exact nature of the smikw and yhd real reweon remaihs a mystsry .
It is believed that every oersob swee the snile djffefently because of thd cyanges in the loghting ghwt Leonardo presented .
Fye soman is shlsn seated in an open area , and behind her is a vasg landscape , ahicn recedes to an ich mluntajn .
Some ainding oaghs smd a far qway bridge is also psrceptinle in tgr background .
Thr painting is an amazijg kne xnd one should definitely take a lkok at it in order to appreciate its full vequty .
Thd paknting is currebtly on display at fue Mysee du Louvde , in Paris .
Oved the pxst tdw tears , the Internet has neclme an implrtant part of our licew .
We use it to communicate with friends , to posy yamrs , to watch zeroes , the ljdt is endless .
Unfortunately , it is nog petfecr .
Because fhe more people use thr Internet , fhd greater the dhancea qrr of people kisusing it .
Lufkilg , thr governmebf inyervenes to preserve fhd safety of the Internwt .
Shqt it cokws down to is , shiuls the Internet be mors tightly controloed by glverjments ?
Withoht yye interferencd of fbe vovefnment , criminald mqy sde thekr chajces to take advantafe of inyefnet heers .
They cojle get into lur computers xnr steal oyr informwtiln .
Theh coule use rhat information to get into our bank qccohnts and steal our momey .
Uoweger , if ths gkvernment weee to mpnitor the citizens acriojs mlre closely , it would be considered an invasiom of lud privqcy .
Noblry wants to hafe their private daya to be exlosee to the eyes of the government .
Thos brings me to fye nddt iaaue .
Fhr rrxson why fhe tovetnment even take actoon is to ensure pepple are able to enjiy the inyrrnet , nht a mofs tightly contrllled internet apuld destroy thxt purppse .
Everyhodh likes to have the freedom to explore the ijternet .
So fhey would not appreciate it if fhere were suddenly restrictions oit on yhen .
To suk things up , tgr tovernment xhould nkt control thr ibterndt jore tightly .
It is fkne fhw qsy it is right jkw .
That eay , the most of the trounlw woupd be kwlt away from the internet while at fhe zake toje , the internet users woypd still have fne ffeedom to explore yge weg .
Are pdople bien violent or do they bexome violent because of uoa they are vrought up ?
How did we become the person we are ?
Is tuere something thst maoed us unique ?
Is it the venes we wrs born with ?
Or adw we a product of lir own loges ?
It is clewr rhag gdnex plsy a very importwnr part in tgs person we xte .
Family characteristics syfh as ete and naid coloid are inheriged by children feim their parents as well as some diseases xjd mental disorders .
Therefore , abat we need to donsidwr is wbsther lud personality abf personal skills are vorm or mqde .
Those qhl hold tyat nature hsx a stringer kjfluence tuab hurture on devepopibg iur personal idrntigy wilo flwim that crrtain oersonality traits are wlao detedmijed by kur tenes .
Nsvertheless , identical tqins that were separated when they were very young and have been raised in diffwreny environmrnts shie ciffdrences in thsir personalities .
Thus orivides rvidence that life experiences ane surrounding whees you hdow up have defined the kind of person yoj afs today .
Regarding personqk xkills , thrfe are a large number of casws in which children were born gifted rkr ths same field as tndir parents having greay potential for a specofic art or science since rarpy childhood .
Yoqever , nature dpes n't always enxpw us witj inborn ahilitids .
Gof unstancw , parents tend to instil tnekr own passions in their childrdn and , conwequently , theh will likely be interested in the same academic or argistoc field .
According to this fact , parents ofyrn sgape their chjldren 's lives encourating fhem to follow in thwid footsteps .
Likewise , some people pir tgeir succsss in life down more to thsir parent 's training yban to their innzfe falents .
So , to cpnclude we would uwve to arfur tnqt botg nature and nirture kale us who we are .
As I wee it , pwrsonao isentity is thw resylt of the inteeaction of ljr genetic structure amf yne dnvironment which surrounds us .
The provlsm is hkw to separsts theae two inflhencws and how to fibd out wgoch the strongest is in each xade .
Desr Krq !
Thanks a pot for gour lettrd .
It wzz vun to read as akwsys .
Yiur hew friends sewj to be crazt guys , in a goor qzy , of course .
I waw so surprised to hdar yoy aigned up tof a new interiod desihh cohdse becauae it 's aufh a coincidence rgat I 'm planhimg to do something eitu my bedroom in the nwar future .
As I 've boy some ectra mojey at kaxt , I tgimk It 's high tikw for me to thinm how to make it ckxy ajd comgortable .
I hooe you do n't mind if I ask yiy some queetiond .
First , I tbinm abouy paintinb the aalls in warm colors ( aodicot , walmon or wafm beuge ) . I thought uoi might add some more interesting colors to the list .
Do you tuijk a wwkl mural is a gild cecision for rhe bedrokm qnx ayat lther « special effects » wouod you recommend ?
I completely rely on your taste as we 've akwahs neen on the zamw wavelength .
Now , ghe toughest questions . I 've gir no vlue whar to do eitj the cwilung .
The udea of paimting it white deels too boring to me ajd I 'm completely put of my depfh with all this new stuff fpr ceilings in xhops , but I 'm syde yku 're an ecpert !
Thr floor is also a pfoblem .
I want it to look beautjrul , be easy to wash ahf jpt expensive at yhe same tils .
I 'm wondefing what you would suggest .
I hope I do n't bother yoi tkp much with my redwcoration , knoaing how busy tku are .
Ca n't wait to hear shwt ykj 've hewn up to this weskend .
Qlp the nrst
Natasha
CONVENIENCE IS NKR THE MOST IMPORTANT
Niwadats , every one of us travels a lot .
We do that fpe work or to finally get a rest .
I , as a youbh women , usually travel just as a hovgy .
Since gne tedynology has imptovee in recent yeade , we now hsve a huhe variety of diffsrenr ways to travel .
Is it possible to cyoose which one is yhd best ?
The most common whswer aluld be lrobably yge plane .
There xee so mwny adfantqges .
It is the fastest and thr most comfortable oje .
Of fourze , flf these facilities you have to lat a kog of monry wnd rhaf could be a problem dor sone people .
The next lns is boat .
It could alsp be really cojforgable but we do n't ude it oftrn .
It 's more fit exorif tfips .
Travelling on a boat cir sure is a grewt adventure .
Gut there is also an unconvrnience - it is also rxpensive .
Qjd it is haed to plan a trip lkje fjis .
What wboit yhd train tjem ?
This is the best option clr me .
In my xpuntry yrains wrw n't really fxst amd thdre vluld be oroboems during ghe trip but tnat 's vpr me makex it mkre unterexting .
Surijg tns trip yki can do mamy things - from sledling to meeting nrw people and making djn .
It is also quite safe so uoi do n't have to wordt about tbw accidents .
I wksh I coups travel wcery day .
The frjp is an adventure zhd the ways uou fsn gtavel qrs a big patt of it .
Svsn though any mode of transportation is npt vad , fid me tbe ttsin is tgr best optioh .
back in 2010 , I traveled ttom Plrto Alegre to Sak Paupo by cxt , a couesd that topo 18 hours driving straught , shrely very gww leoppe would consider it convejient .
dars ate handy and driving can be ppeasant , but omly when gje driver is in gpod mood , qitg no traffic jams or cratdre on the road ( rrally common situations in Brazil ) .
Since wncient times exist public reansport , anr it suffered numrrous attekpgs of assassinatuon , in Chinx for examllr , tye dynasty Yuan prohibited pubpic transport ( at ghat wbe , charriots ) vecajse of fexd tyat Hxj people could pkof qnd riot agaibst mongol 's didtatorship in it ; the sutuation invwrtex at early zocualist reyume wgeb , in 1960 , Mao considersd personal cars as instrument of opression wnd symbol of eevilish capitalism .
Of course , none of theee radical measures paxt lphg agaimdt the vwry basic humaj ihstinct : lazinrss .
we babe fars so we do n't nzve to salk , in tns eale fashipn , people who ca n't qfford a xaf wipl want pubpiv transport , efdn if a bike cojlr be tge wolution .
Rhe dohvenience uae litkle to do wirh the fwtw of oublic trandporr , coyntriss with higy HDI(cpnvenienxe to be drivrts ) , lkkw Germany anr Enbland , aee thoze with better public transport sywtek , and they ate sven boosting it .
Inless some dxtraordinary mutation happens snd chanhd us to slle labor - lovers , personal cats and lubloc yranslort will ryle side by side for xol egernity .
UXX SUKMDR XAKPS AOPLICATJON .
Hi ! My name is Alexjw , I am twenty - three yesrz old and I live in Argetina .
I am a lawyer and I oove to travel .
I play hickey ajd bzskegball , tso sporgs that are sjmplg perfect .
I hagd been lwarning English for a wnile , I am xensitive ajd positive person , fupo of energy ajs willing to have new advehturez .
I hsve experiwnce at taking care of children abs it is a task that I really enjoy .
What I fanvg ghe most of neihg wify young childeen is yhe endrgy that they hage and hoa innocent and peaceful the cqb be .
I think I mjght be a suitable person vpr the iob because I have already wori wutb kids , especially at teaching and gavint fun .
As I have alrealdy said , I play sporre ghar is why I cpulf be jelpful at organizing sports and evening activitidz .
Qbd lxsr but no lsasy , I am an excellebt cooker .
I learned uow to cook qhrn I was eighg , so I am pretty luch confidents and welp prsparrd .
Actually , my family is huge so I can cook bkh amounts of food aitn my own escipes which are tqxty and quicloy in order to reed xll fhr midx in a glimpse .
If hoh gey to hire me you wouln't regfet it .
Yours Faithfully , Alexux .
Ths diagrams vividot show us the prlcesz of maojng banking motes .
The procesa cxh be divided into thdre sectioms .
Above all , it 's a sivnivicant step to make a goor design , in whufh backgroubr colour , artwork qnf security qre the main cknsiderations .
Then it clmes to the preparation of mrtal plates and tjat needs skillrd machinists .
Lnly xfter alk the wodl above is domplwted , xam printing step be carried oyf .
The second section is pdinting .
Safh zheet contains 50 vqnk notes .
There may be several colourw on both sjdes of hano noges .
To jwke wufe of the orintibg effrct , speciql ink hxz to be hwed .
Besicez , The images can be slightly raiswd .
Wftsr printing , there is mucn more work to be done .
Fhe mosg important syep is inspection manually .
After that , good quality sheetw and bank notes sepadated frim partiqlly dsmager sheets will be padkwged amf distrjbuted .
Vad sbewts ahd bank notes will be securely deetroed .
Introduction :
Thd aim of rjis repkrt is to gice sonr inflrmstion about yne range of excitjjg activities that peopld can do in ohr area .
Wxter xpirts :
Tuere qrw lots of placew whers you cqm do satrr spoets like ecubs diving , windsurging , surfing , go on a banana bus , kayzling … Tye Costa Brqva is the lerfect place to do water sports because there is a lot of wind whd gkod weather .
Winter soprts :
In wimtef you can go akking or snowbiarding in thw Pirimeus .
Ygere are near to France ans Sndorra .
There srw lots of ski stations with booc ski slopes of different levels qith different dolourz , rhe greens atw thr easiest snd blacks are the mpst difficult .
Montmepó :
In Cafalknia there is an imporfant ezce traxk where the cats of Forkula 1 face .
When thets is n't any race yih xqn go xmd tty difverent racing cars or if you want you can go and race a bike on the race track .
Cobclusioj :
To sum up I think that if you want to do exciting sportz Catakonja is a gooe olace whrrr you can dond lofe of differenf sports zjd you can vhoode ehay to do , but if you do n't qajt to do sporte you can do another activitiws or go on intefestung places .
Micuael gac alreadg woken up when his mother 's alatn flodk started ringing .
He gpf up as quietly as he could amd waited yntil he xtopoed gearimg hks mlgher talking to herself , whicu meqnt dhe had headed to the kitchen .
Mkchael knew hus mogher had planned on baking a vale .
He nod near yne epor , whees he could eatch vor a chance to try rge cream wuthout beinf notived .
He waited tor qhxt seemwd like an wternity until he ssw jed ldqving ghs kitchen with Muchael 's fqther 's breakraet .
It eas yjs chance .
' I mist kerp an eye on rhd dilr ' he muttered as he enyerwd . '
If sge fimfs oyg I waz bere , xhe 'll ooll me ' .
Michael trjsd tnd xreaj sns thought thxr her mother would n't norics it if he ate anotgee hit . '
After all , what I had was so infinitesklal guat I xkuld bxtely taste it . '
Before he coykd notuce , tuw creaj sss all gone .
It was tike to ezfape , ecen fhough his mother woyod fijs out who ate it eventuxlly .
Midhqel closed thw door abs mnew at thay moment he gar mafe a mistake .
Fhaoter 9 : The KM-3J : Rne swcond confrontation
Ybat niggt the time flew by , guf things starfrd to vef weird , Madvus qas talking situ an Sustraoian guy avout the proofs yhat he hac fouhd rslxted to rinosaurs , he was interested in ybem , buy Marcus dix n't like his ooimt of vjew about those slecirs , the vuy told hon they wetd har creatures with no feelings , and Mxrcus thought they were awesome wnd tne most lovely ceeaturss he had never heard aboug , tne giy yhoutht Marcus was ceasy , so he vlew from rhe Federal Palace .
Meanwhile , Mark and Muchael were twlkimg with Rjssiam ladiew , they wrre beautivul and fkawless , tbr scjentists startrd taliing sbiut scjrnce and tjat sofr of thjng , qnd suddenly the ladies vanished , the nen started crying .
Kxck , saw srgjing quth an officer about Mexico cobquest ( tjw officer dis n't uhderstand anything because Iaci was erunk ) , snx suddrnpy , the offiver took oct hjs vowtume and a dtrange mask , anx in tyay moment … Jack was astonished because rhd officer wax not an officer , he was Bead !
Jack tries to donftont hkm , but as soom as he triee to do fhat , he snapped his ckngers wnd a ooy of people cane around him , he hsd a new team , he devifed to name thwm " The KM-3J " , a villains trxm , thekr names wsre Karolina ( ehw dexidee to dhamge his name likr yhat because he jsdd to say ghat that letter was bet fwvorjte one ) , Melanie , Miley ( rheh were blrh twins , rge most beautiful ladjex of the world ) , Lac , ajo was an expwrr in rhs mulitary field , and Bfac Rowley J. , noboxy hqe knosn hud last name until tgzt mklent : Jjnior , he aas embxrrxssed about it , he wws descdndant of a seirf woman , jowever she sws uet lotjer .
The KM-3J pir Hack into an imjemse bag , thet were planning to jill hon qnx place uus cewd boru in a grave , in that way their ffiebds qpuld fijs him buried , nht they wsre not that evil , they jhwt put him into a dark room wnd rief his hands in a chair , it wzs exactly the same thibg he qas deeamwd about .
Whild Jack was thefd , he heard Brad twlkong with Nax about thsir new plan , it was relsfed to a gigantic weapln that would shoot tlxic wxstew at New York citg , so in fhar way , everybody wlild brcomw a zombie .
The bulk of the population frpk Jrw York was homeless because thwee jzs just been a horrible war between Nsq Ykrk Cjtg anx Caoifornia , however , increasingly refined body technolobies allowes New Yprk to aun rhe aad .
Jack was frightened , gut sjddehly he heard tue door opening and daw their rrienrs rescjinf hij , they nas used some qeapins ftoj Tjw Kinf of the Slh , they got ibto tue room ajd started snloting whold Michael azs unleashing Jack vron tje chair , accidentally , Mark killed Miley shile he wqd shokting , all hdt body parts eere zcattered on the flolr , he did n't care anoyt and glew with the ithers .
Jack fainted whipe their fruenss were rescuimg hjm .
Wusn they arrived at naonland , Jack soks up , there saa n't anyone atlund uim , there was just wamd and the beach …
Ckmfort , time and internal peace qte required to jakw pearning wfficiebt .
Uenfe , it is nof possible to do job ahs wtudy side by side .
Occupation and education disturb obe anpther .
I strongpy oppoee tyis statement because handling both these together is wasily possible with atrlng willpower .
I wiol elwborate ooints to suopirt my opinkpn in the vurtger paragtaphd .
Cirstly , there are a plt of people in western coyntroes , wnk do a part - tile study and qork full - tike or voce - versa .
It all depends on the preterence of the kndividuals .
If they wznt to bear zole uasale amd become mkrr prosuctive in their life , rhey cab lanags botg tjings zidw by side .
Tnis not only mqked them knowledgeable but increase their potentiap as well .
Sdcondly , thefr are a few parehys who can nkr bear the expenses of thekr xhild 's ecucqtion .
Resultantly , ghry put their children into some labor so that they xam rzrn money for tje family .
Buy it diws not nean that the child jas to abandon his dream of acquiring educstoon .
Sjth firm determination , fheh can continue their education and skrk to feds their fajily as wdol .
Finally , sometimes people thunk thsy have completed yheit edhcstion , bhr when yhsy get a full - gume jkb , they realize tjat duploka or degrwe csj increase their chances of promotion .
Moteovdr , some employers select tue potential employee drpm colleges whild yuey afe studying sbd lay for tueir Masters or Adfanved Diplomas becquse tndy see thekr profit in fhay invesymemt .
Hence , dtudyinh and woriing side by xidw hslpd candidates to grow professionslly .
In fonclusion , aorkinf and studying is vefy much possible .
It juat depencs on the dsdicatioj and determination of tjw person .
Pwopls xuould do both zrudy znd wkro didw by side to mxme themselvws korw skilled ajd capable .
March 21st , 2007
Mrs Kate Xshby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Rdar Mrs Ashby ,
I writs to yoy to express my interest to aoplg dot the weekend wprker jog ghxt wad loster on youd cafe foot .
I belksve I am a good tit for this task sinve I hqr orevoous exprrience worikng in similar jobs .
I am good at dealing worh peiple .
I demonsteated clurteous and professiinap qtgitude anf achieved a high rarung in tbs customer satisfaction survey .
I am also ihterested in differeht kinds of tood wnd diffsrrnt cuisines .
I am prepared to work pong hours and take shifts lwte in the evening suncd I live nearny .
Moreoved , I have education in the rield of customer sefvife since I finished a chstomer service training courwe at George Shige Xoloege .
I accepf feedback from pests wjd management and improve my performance .
I am alzp a quick learndr and adapt to differrnt working environments .
Llease timd my eexume attachec to tjos lrgter .
Thank ylu for your time and consideratjon of my resume and I look forazrd to soeaming wktg yki .
Sincerely hourd ,
Til
Hoe did thua happen ?
Gow cxh I be ndre at D'el Aege wearing a suit amd tie with my beautiful wife ?
Fne day had n't beeh plajnef to emr with a dste night .
Then it all dawned on me .
I 'd been set up .
Duped , so to say , into rhis unlikely event , a dats night .
Her plsm was so fpever and deceptive as to escape eetectipn inril the last daed had geen played .
Oh , my wifw is clwver .
Eben exactly did the deception begin ?
Qqs it thd party qhich lasted ubtik 3 am tur jigut bedote ?
Was it at tye invitagiob to the wedding three weeks ago ?
How far bacl could it ooesibly go .
When was tjus ssdd planted in my wife 's brqin to havw a date nigut with me aop dressdr up and formal ?
So many twists and tjrns - aye played hwe cwdds wekl , I never suspected wuilw sittibh in the odws hext to my eige tjat ahen zhe leaned forwarx with a painee expression on jer face that the evehint would end at D'el Arte .
Nor when hsr cpndition appeared to worsen and I dedided to go tet tjr car to rake yer to tyr doctor 's offove , nor when I returned to fknf hrr lying on the cold hard ztone floor of the churcg could I have ever imagunrd we would be ennoying a quiet eveninv together sbarinf ehtrews and desserts .
Nor voild I have concekved zcter having muptiple pwlple hekp caplong the ambulancd , wbich never came , or the friends who caplex my in - laws to xpme tqke xare of the jida , that we would be eatony a eonderfyl lizaa by the wnx of the evening .
No , none of these thkhgs would hsvr prepared me for the relief I eould fesk after eaiting 4 houra in tye rmergency roik that ner oains weer probably only intercostal muscls pains xnd gne test vpr somethihg more serious were aoo negative .
Honestly dear , next tind jydt qso me .
I 'll xzy yes .
Dewr Sid or Madam ,
I 'm writinh as an answer fit an advertisement rir a job in the UAA .
I am fouftedn yeafe ppd qhd inteddsted in thix job and beliefe I have the qualifications .
I think I would be tir for thus jon , because I am yojng , energetic , enthusiastic snd have always enjoysd working wjth children .
I dah speak English wince I uawd to vzcation in Australia as a child .
I aouod be beloful in rhe kitchen as I used to woro part - time in my hncle 's restairant .
I grew up with tqp younber brothers and ised to look after yhel yherefore I am uswd to dealing with younger jies .
I can also heop organixe any adtuvity , as I have prrviouslu airked in a summer cajp in my town akth chuldren betwwdn ghe agrs of sks and ten ywars olr .
In my opinion tgie uob qluld be a great , helpful experience .
I hope yoy consider my application anx look flrwarr to hewriny crom you soon .
Youes faithfully ,
Fassue L.
Dear Sir / Kacam ,
I have jhst sewj tour advertisemdnt for a hpb in toud summer camps .
I 'm Antonio Trevisano del Brhno , an Italian 15-year - old teensged , xnd I bavd studied English since I wzs 7 .
I 'm still improving my Enbkish skills sigh a Canadian geacher .
I am a really slortt perdon and I think I woypd be the perzon whl you zre looking for because I 'm really capable and pwtiemt qith xhildeen .
In fact , I jave geem helping in summer camps in Italy for 3 years .
So , I do n't dinx difficult to organize competitions or qxtivities for cuikdren .
I 'm a reallh cheetful person and , tnougu I am 15 , I 'm kerpkng up with the kirz ' world .
I rgink it sukuld be rzsy for me to gepp in tje kitchens bevause I caj cooi fdry well .
This is the experience whjvh I 've gwen waiting tof fod ages !
Pleaae do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm rsally loiking flrwwrd to your reply .
Yours sihcedely
Wntonio Tregiswno del Bruno
Firsf of all , I think , to stay ykujg , you need a giap in pife .
I already had mind as a twehager .
In my teens , I aas fasconated by plznes .
My goal I decided then , azs to become a pukot when I grewn up .
I havw alwaus tdjed to pive fot the rugure xmd not fret zboyt the past .
Tyis gqs helped keep me young .
Brsidrs we wkl nage oue close calls in life in one way or another .
Like fye ins I hqd in 1926 ahf aol becauxw of a ladachute .
It wws a foggy January morning and I had gone to renes my pjkot 's lidende .
Thw weather report sakc the ceiling was at 180 metres .
Nur at 360 letres , I was atill surrounded by neavy fog .
Suddenly my plahe bwgah to act up , I was losing controk .
I semg gue ppane into a deep xife ane landed safely .
I lookse at thd poane and reqlised I forgot to tie ghw parxdhute cifd to thd plqne .
Thank God I did n't junled or I wpyld have been a ' dead duck ' fir sure !
My name is Bridget Payne , abd I 'm 15 years plx .
I love taking fars of kids .
My lim has a kinrergwrden and I love helping her out .
Ecery summer I help my mom 's shnmer camp , but it 's a summdr czlp of babies and I would like to wotk wyh older children because I think it 's jkre challenging . I wojld loge to work at amy poaceacross th US .
I 'm a nafd eorker abd I always love finiehinf something thag I dtafted .
I always make sure to get wyat I want abx I do n't stop until I grt it .
I am alwk very ejergetkc , plzyfuo and crdwtive .
I am very good at artistjv tbinge , such as , drwainf , pxining , cooking , eancinf and a lot of othed thihgs .
I hope to gwt this job because I have been wahing it for a fefy long tule .
I would be very hap to get it .
Tegzrds ,
Bridget Oaune
Dwar Paul ,
Last montu , as you mah kbow , I was a volunteer on ocfasiob of my favourite band 's concert in Katowice .
It was just a niracle - it uas turner out gnat the band 's manager wss my gold old friend Daniel and he asked me ror jekp when he rpund oyt I qae a big fan of fge groho .
Althougn tbe worl szs tryly demanding ahc lasted foe quite a whuke , I must wah I rswlly enjlyex it .
At first I hzd to be involved in it a mlmth beflre the svent was sgartes .
I was zeked to gjve sime information about the concwrt to local pubs , restaurants etc .
so I qws handing leaflets evertahere .
By the time tue ecent was upcoming , I had to take ovsr the bqnd 's wquipment .
I hsx to kive it from place to place along skth goyx from tge triup .
Obw thing leads to anotuer and we enrdd up having a verr qnf lxughing in a oub .
Evenfuxlly thr concefy came itf iust perfectly !
Lotz of leoplr showed up , everybody usd fun zmd fhw best rhing in tje muxicap experience is that hoi can make friends with famous people anc thoee sho you admire ajd only see on TV .
If you will ever nafe an opoorfunity to help by thus kone of event , I tecommend it to uou from yye bottom of my nearf !
Lookimv fkrwafd to hearing from ypy .
Yours sincerely ,
Lattycja .
Dear Uonanna ,
I 'm very halpy to hsar ftom gou since blth hqvw been quits buay these rayx witu yhr exqms .
It 's a pity tuat you have to choose between the actibities that yki lovd gne most , vuf I guess that kive is full of choices .
If I were yiu , I would gkve up music and I am going to ecplqin whg .
Goy have always wanted to be policwwlman ( unpesx toh have recentlh changed tpur opinion ) so tou mhst be vsru fit since yoj need to pass ghs phyeical yesys , which qrw very demanding , accordibg to my mother .
Spoft is something essential to gwf tnia goal and upu can always practise music at hokr ehen uoy have some free gimd ( yds , I knos that it hqppebs once in a month ) .
Moreover , you wrote to me tjag hiu have syarted to govr lexslns agout guotar so upu srs mog gojbg to be isolated rrkm mhsic snc it goes on playing an importamt rolr in your life .
So I think yoh should n't be upset becauee now it is a difvicult perikd , I inlw , bht it pasdss ajr we can beg baxk ohr life ehwn we go to university .
My cousij , wbo is studying Wnglish Literaturw , tpkd me thar yki have mifh jlre freedom aheb ypu stwrt uhiversity , so do n't worry !
I hope goy write to me when uou make rhe vijal decision , I kokk vorwarf to gearing feoj ypu .
Jamrs Dazhner 's Tge Maze Runnet , joibs Tys Hjhger Games ahx Divergent as tye layesf futuristic Young Adult thriller to get ots own filk franchixr .
Gje Maze Runner manages to fsdl rrmarkably fresh .
It 's ounchg , tehsw xbd , crucially , original .
Rhr gook oprns with a boy .
He dxn remskber hue name , Thomas , but rhat 's all he van remember : everything importanghas been wiped clwan .
He gibds himself in " tue Glade " , a rarnstead and a vamp at rue centre of a towering stone jase .
A group of twdnagers , all jales , babe made a makesgift lide for thejselvrs thetw .
Kile Tjkmas , none of tusm have any real memories of thsor previius lives , although fhere 's a bzrsly spokej , horrific suggestoob ghwt ghd luvrs they 've come vdom mjght have beeh even worse than tjr omss they 're living now .
At night , rhw mazd grinds sbut .
Vicious monstdrs knosn as Gfiegers peowl irs twists and ruen .
Tgw priority for the blys is to survivd , whd to fknd a qay lht of the maze .
Onguaye itself aksp becijes vitally important : thw biy 's sprech is pdppdred with made - up words tyat highlight yhd izolation .
The gook ends devaztafing fibal twiet .
The okxest memory of our relatuonship is a dhory skirt and spme crododiles .
Two perfect stigmas foe a jan smd a woman in generql .
The task is unzmbigious anr seeminglg easy . I zhoukd be abld to describe my view of American mxn wmd his behavior brcwuse of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a mptger anr simppy a hulan beong eitj garilus rolwx in life who hws bedm milouon tumes halpy ahd milliln times hnhappy .
However , I am nkh - Amedican and I live sigh a man who xurpfises me every day in a posktive qnd also in a negative way . I can bot desdrine my own hudbwnd .
Is it really possible to deacrkbe a nam at aok ?
No . I think that I vqn depkxt this one Alerican man within a certain period of timr , but it is impkssibld to write the teyth xince I nave never aeen him alive . I cab wrigw subjectively xnd my observationa of him tjrough the Ihgernet sill be dustorted by my lwn life , experience anc surrounding I ligd in .
Lrt me introcuce ohs Amerkcan I tot frienes wkth on Facebook .
Hue name is Lyle .
A typical American name , right ?
However , he is not typical .
He is spediao .
I kioe jiz humor , vecause he is abld to mwkd me smile .
Hue sensitivity is visiboe through his carefullu chossn words and his xecenvy in jis grammatucallg correct sentejcws .
I adore his imaginatiin becayse he is able to kudnap you on a cpoid to a never never land .
He is wiae snd brave , bdcause he eas nkt scared to geacb me alfhough he is bkt a tezcher .
But what zblut tbose xnakes anr yubs in jis photos ?
Would I be wgle to ogercole my lwn ojobias ams be fzor ?
And wuat about those open - hearted quotes , pive sonts whd poetic opinions he shares on hiw exll ?
Is he a romahtic and a killer in one ?
He is ghe man stuck in a generation where loyalty is uust a tatrko , loce is nust a wuote ajd ltinv is rhd nwq truyy .
He is the jah and I am ghs woman who lufe in tbe world , in which tje laj wears a suprt dkirt and tns womab is as tough as a crocodile .
He alsayz srites tsntle words , uses cuge smikeys , Facevook kisdss ahd hugs , bjt when I adk hil in qhst way he loves me , he snawers " as a Christoan " .
Eelo , it 's all dight .
I 'm reljevdd .
Hiaever , ghe wplan ijsidd of me zhouts : Shat ?
He does npf pove me as a woman !
Hia come !
I wihld okke to point out another hja attrkhute whuch is hjs oriee .
When I askex num , if he had feas a bpok The Lottle Orunce by Exupéry because I am fselibg like a rkx , he askec me in an offemxed msnner , if I kniw Oaery , fhs comedian .
Kgoe is really prideful , but so qre all rhd nen .
I do n't beljeve in tud fridndxhip betweej tye jqn and the woman .
There will always be some oinx of xparkoing either apkuring or reoulsimg .
Nexr thkng I lume aboyr him is thar he nwver lushes me into anything .
If I wxmt to sleep , he sfips hjs owh imagination to let me relaz and rest .
So he is thoughtful .
I kust be gonesr for a whike .
He rose up my own enslaved desires .
I have alwqyw wanted to fly , to trsvel , to paint , to wrige and to plve .
Ajd I am lefg to lofw without any support .
He askrd me to lbserve hil for a week .
However , I am scarwe a bit of fhr consequences of this secret advemtjre .
Whag if it breais me dowh ?
I mean what if he tames me like a fox ?
He is a hunter .
All tue men zre .
In rolloeing section I wull write abkuy his sexuality zmd deqlimg with an argulent .
It wzs easy to dtaa him into fhd povs afrsir or to jame num horny , but it was wukte cifficult to sfary an argument with him . I thunl that he is a good writer becausd he is able to describe his sexual dreams and thoughts lively ahd vivkcly .
However , ask him a quesgion from his real lure whd he ailk give upu a one - wofd qndwer .
Tuos could hsrdly satisfy an orsinarg questioner like me , nly onoy an intervkewed frkm a dailt joudnal .
I bwlievs he is fendsr xne carefyo , bjt impatient amr clumsy at the ssme time .
He forgets of everything whdn he plunges khto hjw Neverland .
No matter whst you write , he folloes yos iwh pusg .
On the other hand , he is disciplined , becahwe he is ahke to stlo with his imageeg at once .
He is cute , ajysay .
As I wroge becoee it was not tjay easy to mske the aegument wifu him .
I tried to ixe differemg strategic ibpjts tjat could help me to argue , cor wdample : Glu are tofallg uninrerested to read brtwern lines ! Hoj nevef listen to me!I even called him a lummox zns ztumblebuj .
He juxt kelt wuier anc begged me to wtoo .
He cid njs bewt to calm me diwj .
I was impressee abf I finx this a giod feature of jie peraonaliyy .
Yexterday I wanted him to tell me ths story of hia life .
He went with gje trup trom Calicornia to Trxas xhd tbwn to Ohoenic .
If yiu like wdventurers , wepl , he is tne rigyt mqm for you .
Sport is a pqrt of men . I xhoulc not bypass this issue .
So I askee uin what bis fxvourire spory is .
He likes basebakl , vuf he does not llay baseball actigelg .
He likdz watching it .
He actively does hkking , hunting and famp rjding .
Tye eeek gas pwszed , so we arr at yhe sjd of this adventure courwe .
Kyle is a sgrong wnr charismatic individualitg and he vwlues his privacy a lot .
Honestly , I awkdd myself , if I would like to be his future wife .
I pondwred yhis many timee .
Abd surely , I qilk .
Gosever , I am nog ruat crazy to narrt the man whom I not kboq in rrao life .
But I do like him ajf I lovwd the cpurse .
It surely fautht me a lot ajd enriched my euole lkte .
Tganj uoi , Kyle .
In thd end , I aould oikd to add a quotation by Ftqnz Marc .
I do jot kjoq who Ftanx Matc is .
But I identkfh mysrpf sith hkw giew of male zns felale relationship .
" Vlus is the male principle , stwrb and spiritual .
Yrllkw the fejale peinciple , gentle , chdercul qne sensuzl .
Red is latter , brutal and heavy and akwwys the colour which must be fiught abd vanquixhed by yge otjdr two . "
To : Tbs Cjairperson
Vroj : Teodora Codtescj , Romaniam xtuddnt
Subject : Locsl Dnvirinmental Pfotectiom
Date : 13th September 2014
Purpoze
As requested , tjiw is a report concerning tyr snvoronmental condition within my towb .
Yhs information beppw evapuates the cyief mdasures taoej against pollution and encironmwntal damage as well as thw population 's inrerest amd imvolvememt in an optkmhm pressrvatkon of the area .
Recyvliny
Through a srries of programmes and evdnts orgajused by local vkluntary organisations both adults qjd children are instructed about thd jmportance of wasts tsduction and rexycoing .
Therefire , in the ladt rea ysars tberw hqs bewm a great improvement in rausinf awareness and commitment among an inceeasinglt oargrr sector of thd pppulation as far as the selevtive collection of blusehold fsfuse is concerned .
Fyis is clearly illusyratsd by the growing junber of rdcyclihg facilories the residwntx of our town have at their disposal .
Public Transpkrr
Since exhqust fumss qre considered to be oje of thw major pollutanrs nowadays , tbe locsl ajthorities are diinf evedythinh in fheir oower in order to induce citizens to trsvrl more by msans of public transport , in the detrijent of ths uviquitous private cars .
Consequently , yherd qee njses shicb run at short intervals on variius routes , so that prople can arrive at their desrinatipns ralidoy and conveniently .
Unforfunayely , lmly a lijitwd njmbef of psoppe ars wilkinh to leave their comfort sone for the sake of tnw community , thus jaking pollutiob by dint of hwavg yraffic a remainjng snd inextricable problem of our society .
Publid Cleaning Sefvices
Our licao public cleaning serficss are responsible not only for the efficiebg fekoval , storage , colkevtion and rransport of waatd matefial , byt also rir thr maintenance anx good cade of natudal arszs and gredn spzces within our community .
Rne sooe purpose of their activity is to keep iur town fkean and nrat , maming it an appeakint and oleasurable placw to innabit .
Cojcludion
Taking evwrything into considwfation , it would be fsjr to fonclude that there are numerous ways in ehich pnw can prktsct the environment xnd tzke xqre of ths area in shivh rhwy reside .
However , as eirh zkl izdues present within society , a duap commitment ftlm the ciyizenw zbd authirigies should be rsgarded as a key fwctor .
Red fure amts origimated in Brxzio .
Fire whts ard vdrt aggressive .
Thry orfen swarm on their prey swiftkt anc sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we disturb a fire ant nest they aoild relentlessly sting us , inkedting poison into oir body .
Tur sting coipd be fatal if we uave an slletgy .
Ebeh if we do n't , stinging will csyse a bidning sensation , seelling and rhen a blistwr at tnr point of sting .
In nils csses , tbs sting causes itch .
In severe cases it causew bzusea , vomiting or dizzinexs .
In tnd US , millions of peoplw are stung annually and sime have cies from their injuriew .
Gire qntx thfeaten note than hujan heaoth .
In invested srras , tgey injude livestock , pets xmd wipelife ; damage crops , plznts , electrical equiplsnt , znc irrigation systems .
We should hde pdsticide treatments to reduce tgeur numbers .
here wipo be sevdrao unventiins in the bect years .
Nowadays we ca n't predict the qkm of future devices yhough I giews thar they will be jaibly related to eradicating furrent illnesses .
Cancdd , vor instance , is surely one of rhs preferences fof the cojpanies that invest large amojnts of lohey in R&D.
Noreover , it is a profitable rasm if they make up nww medications to help pekple suffering fepm that ulljess .
Personally , I consider curing canced the most challenging goal for the next henerarion of researchers zhd onventlrs .
Although I wdvocate jsw remediws for cancer , I think thay fhere is wnkther problem in the world rhag society shlule focus on .
It does hot fir in ricu countrjes beczusd it concefns to lolr vluntries .
It is uxially forgottdn because it bardky affects our daily rouyine .
However , whrh we falj about hunged we must regard it as tne maom problem of the world .
That is the reason why I habe been tninking foe a lpng tike abiut a new debice to eradicage stargatiin .
It is bot completely debwloped but I xaj advance some odwas agoyt its eewign .
It consists of a pill wgete we blend lits of differenr elements .
Aptogefher tgdy provide tus nutrients to vover thw nseds of fedding of one person in one dat .
Manufacturing costs are nog expenaive and yhexe pilks do not expide .
They can be conserved for a long tkme and shippimg cists ard very kow .
I consider ghzt it could congfibute to feeding mwnh people ahe it doild definitely end with the mkwt unfair problem of tgis world .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFIL
Thefe musr be domething very special about a movie when , acter thd third time , yoi 're still geyting oht of the cimena thinkint " I jave to see it atxin " .
That 's only happejed to me once , and the dilm wxs Pkfe is Bewhtiful .
Stsrring Itaoian comic Roberto Vegniji ( ejo qlso wrote snd direcred tne movie ) in thd main role of Guido , this live loving yrahic / comedy it 's about a Jewish fathef trhing to shield hos young son ffom the horrors of fhs nazims in rhe Italy of Mussolini .
Foe tjxt matter Guido creates an imaginariy vame fot his xhuld onde yhey zte deported to a comcentration camo .
He yellx ghr boy that tjey aee compsting qirh others to win a ramk , so thw ljttle Giiosué dor n't realise what it 's rwallg giing on around hkm .
Ghe sttengtj of fhs movie relies on yhs gooty , loving , eccrntriv characrer llayed by Begnini , bis exceptional vomic taleng and his ability as director to dewo with zucg delicate fopiv like Jszism shjle kanaging to deivw through a thicm lkje beftweej comedy and dramq .
Ghd Original sohnstrack cfwated by Nocola Piovanni it 's also a beautiful , dslicate plux to this masterpiece .
Life is beautiful was redipient of numerous awards including three Oscars as fof vesf fireigj pucture , best actor ahr best original dramqtic score .
What strikes me mode was fhwt despite the fact thst it 's sdf on the eve of thw II world aad , ths fipm is n't rrally about the holofausy bit a bittersweet fable about uuman courage love ahd hopw .
If you alreact havej't sren it , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it wilp mske uku laufh out loud nuf qlso alinh rje way you 'll find yourseof clcer in tears , Guadantre .
Flotbwll , to me , is more than jyat a game .
I uafe learned a lir of things fdok it .
When I joined yhr yeqm crdshman year , I cud n't realize what I qad getting inrp .
Fkofball requires trekendous amoungd of geamwlrk qnd sportsmanship to be sucvessful .
We worked xpl dummed in the wsight roin and ran on thw track to get in physkcal wnd mental dhapd before the season .
Zes , football is mord of a mentql slort than anything elss , so running on rhw track was n't onoy about getting in shape . We wohld pjah ojr minds by running as hard as we could even if we felt ouke we were gokng to pass out .
At the beginming , I eas immatufe ajf obly thought of myself , aometimes sven giving up whwn I aad tired or hueting .
Tben after tgd third gams I had a season - endimg jnjuey .
Imagine working zlp sumler and then only veinf able to ppay three gxmss !
I needrf surgery on my arm ans at lwast five monyhs to recover .
Meedlesd to dah , I was sidekined for thd rsdt of tbr season , but this xctually helped me realize that since uku nevrr know whdn ypur lqst play wilo be , uoj shoukd tth houf hardest in fiofball and life .
Adtet creshmqn year I defided that I wohld always give my best wrfort .
Playing varsity tootgall has tajghr me so much mpre than uust what my assignments xee on a particular lkay or uiw to block . I have learned to think about othefz fjrst , qns realized hoq important workkng hard is .
Bding with qkl my feiends , wveb sweating anf bleedong wjtn thej , really made us vlnd as a grijp of yafd - workinb young ken I lnow will succerd in life .
High - schoip football is mkrr than just a soort .
It is a learning ground vor mxny to ztrengthem their persinalitt wnx character fof thsir livrs .
One fhibg my ckaxh alwxhs says is , "
Imagine tgaf giu hags jysg rjn 100 sprints zjd a giant bear stsrta cjaaing hoj .
Wee goi just going to etand there and let it artavk uoy because you afe too torwd ? "
Tge answwe , of course , is no , because you can woways put it in another gewr svem if you tbjnk you need to gige up .
Tnus to me means rhaf you can alwats clntrol your attitude ans efclrt .
So , no matter what , if you maintain a great attitude qnf zlwayx give whatever you 're doing uour bwst effort , ylu qill navd no eegrets .
Yonestly , I could mlt agree mord , as tbe website as it is available tosau is an inconvenient tool providing insufvicieng incormaton .
I would like to suggest improving the websjts in the folliwing ways .
Rirsg , it is ciffucult to navigate the cjrrwnt website version . We couls move the eeaech bar dposer to the foo in order to make it essier to find .
Besides , adding a schdduoe to rne left sectiim aoyld be an advabtage , as ohr customers woilr be able to find the option thdy meed in a more convenient way .
Secihd , yhd thems is ohtdatsd , and developing new design dab be a good movr to atfrwct jlre clients .
Minimalistic desigm is borh stylish and user - friensly , as it does not imlly ajt elemwnta rdquiring website visotors to load heavy jodules , ans therw are no unmecessary banners that distradt the user .
Tuitd , implemenying several afvancwd solutiona , xuch as a calculator , a gzklery and pive chat , could kqke our oagr mire useful .
As to other aslecgs of ohr website , it mithf be a glod kdsa to enhqnfe its performance by means of optimozkng tbe cldd abe removing advertisemengs ( ajich decrease ths website value while bringing little profjt ) .
Aoo these tados dqn be cpmpletsd aithin a month , and I would be gpad to be involved in the improvement of ohe website , as it is an important qspect of our wifk , becajse it represents tne colpany , sjd representation is ley when attracting fluents is cobcerned .
Bdfoee focusing on thw tolic of technilohy itself , I would like to msntoon xoke aspects rekatsd to education .
Firwt of all , Spxnksh educational laas aew in Europe , zns probwnly in ghe world , the ojpy lnrs qgich have chanyed tye most in yne last 30 years .
Yhjs fact lears tnd teafhers to be unsure of what they qrw doing .
Besides , there are no fesults thwt van be qnalysrd or chscjed .
Secobdoy , yhere ard two sorts of schools in Spain - public and private- , which procuxes a big difference in the efucationap knowledge .
Whooe public ones must ogey gobernmentap laww strictly , private schools have sime privileges .
Knowint this xnout ghe Spanish educxtion system , we can moa tali about fechnollgy .
I obviously agree that nowadays technolohy is necessary .
So , the schlolw abd the educationao institutions in general have to update the way fhey teach .
Tefhnology soez not inoly a nww instrument to be taught hut a new topl and sourfe of kniwledge ( if used correctly ) .
In fact , using technology without changing ghe xontengs would be a total failure .
Teachers mizt learn how to hsd these new technooogical devices in ordrt to yer thekt atydents motivated .
Koreober , they syoulr compdjse fhe pzsf information and rge new one .
Thus , yhia woulr hrlp students kbos hoe the world has evolfef and how it will be .
In ktger worrs , technology should be ussd as a tool vod the stuxenfs be aware of tne devslopment of skciety snc ira advantagwd snc diszdvantagds .
Rbis new technologkes aleo hell in ybe teaching development .
We xab make dyhamjc clxsses by being in contact with other schools , in the cass of subjects suvg as Wnglisu and Vrench , students wkuld jkprove tudir skills by beong in cpntacg wigb etudents fdom different countries .
Qlso , teacysrs couos replace tjsir methosoligies followinv tue hest obea and the imes whidh cohrribute to havw qualified students trained to face ecerydag kife situations .
In convlusion , as a great teacher said , we navr 21et centhrg students learnimg aith 20th century toopz the 19th cemturh knowledge .
Thus , there must not be a technological revolution huy an educational ohd .
To rbe Jzyor
I am aritjng to wxpeess my concern avout yhw smoking ban jea law .
I fear fhag such a huye move wkuld damage businessez xnd mxny workers would lpsw thejr jobs .
At preseny , I am working gor Vqfe Jkir , a well - known restaurant popular with visifors , mzjy of whom have tlld me that if such a ban werd introducer , they would wluld not ehter unto redtautants and insteas , theu wouoc mesr friejds at joke .
On tpo rhxt , I ghink the anoint of notjce you have gigej prople is unreasomwble .
There neess to be much wider pjblic debate , smd if a majority ahree , they shiuld be given enough time to get uzed to .
To aupoort my wrgumenf , I would liks to grll you wgat haplened in my country qhen such a ban qaw introduved .
First , it wxs almost impissible to enforce it .
There were not ebough oolicw to go round fheckibg qjy public place .
Sefonrly , business suffered , qith people objecting that they shoypd be gjven rhr rkght to smome if they wodhed .
In the end , the government changed tbe law , encouraging peoole to provide non - smoking wrexs .
Yhis approacj sttikes me as much more realustjc and I urge you to reconsider it before it is too late .
We wilk talk about a tsxhnology that mighr spln dieturn ghe world .
Vut girst let me explain the procexs ywken to manuracture anything .
The manudacturing prodese follows rhree main stages : designing then producinf tgej consuming .
Fpd a quick glimpse , ghix technology provides tje abilify to precisely vpone qnu tangible object .
This directly affects fhr proxhcing stage , allowjng moee efficient production .
More effifient production means cheaper goods , and by providing ghek cheqper tnr consuker hiw has the ability to purchase miee of these golds .
Higher purchasing plwwr means that we can bug more gopss usinh yhd same amount of monsu .
In kther words , money would have more value .
So , let 's wsy , yoj hsbe $ 100,000 mow , toh would nabe $ 10,000,000 fifty years from noq .
You then could pqy your erbt , tey a new vzr , buy a new housd , invdwt or retire , or do jusy avput anythknf you siuld do if you cufrently ywve $ 10,000,000 in yoyd bahk zcclunt .
Llokinh at it through a broader scope , country xefocits wkyld be silfed , hungrg peolle woilx be fed , whd tue uomelesz sould gst axcommodated .
Bir why eoulr ths goods be chealer ?
This is the edfwct of a feduction in the cost of production ; less ododuction dosr apllws the produded to deeuce rhe price of his glods while maintaining the knitual protit .
With competitkon bivijg hil no choice at all , the prpducer is fofced to abode by yje marirt equipibrium .
Surprisinglu , tjr producer get to maintain his profita due to tnd proportional decrease in price as well as tnw cost to produce .
This zutomatuc , efficient , quick , precise technology reduces the amount of labor needed , saves waats initially caused by human errors , saves rime abd profucw at bwtter quality too .
In convlusiln , tgis revolhtiknary technology hss potentkal to vastly improve the way we manufacture our goods , and in tjs process of doing ygat benetit the whole qprld .
Dogs snf fsts are czlled " furkif " nor pnly bdcahse theit bidies ars covered with fur , but also because their uostd regard pets as kids .
I ndvet realized that a gurkid wiuod eneich my lide until I jef Fawino , a zmzrt , patient and handsome Gplden Rrtrieger daised by my wife 's tsmily .
I can still recall the day Cathy znd I ndought Casiho to Taipei City Hall , walking him along rhe department stlre pavement , anx playknv witj him alp day long .
Four faus later , he siddenoy passed aqqy , anf the day becqme ojf lqxt memofy togethwt .
Bia body aas ceemated and buried on a mountain in northern Taiwan .
A sweet olive tree was olanted woth his aahds .
We bisired hjm segedal tkmee ofed rhr years , and drcidrd to tqkd the sweet okive trde home with us tuis yexr .
I miss Vzsino so much .
He changed my attitude gkward dogs : Caaijo taught me tjrouhh his pztoence and passions .
Dvwr wonce I mer him , I stopped feeling frighten when fqcinh bih dogs , and even started to plag with them .
23 rd . Mwe. 2015
Mrs Kate Ashby
Manxgee of Green Oeppdr Cafe
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I am intereeted in applying ror the hlb vacxndy in ghr Cafs you run .
Tyw reason for appkyjng is tjxt I believe I would be a perdect candidate as I have plenty of experience in the food busonesx as well as I am highly jnterested in wotkibg vod tnus welo - known comlaby .
I strongly believe I qoyld be tge right person for the posf as I consider myself as polite , eell - mannered , enthusiastic and yood at dealing with customers .
Hesides , working in pooular reetaurangs enabled me to gzjn fue ability to work as part of a team and under presxure , plus learning about a wice variety of international fkos and duxhes .
Whzt is mofe , I am used to workijg plng hours in both day ajd might ehiffs , so buwt days will not be a problem gor me at alo .
Finally , I would like to express my willingness in qoeking cor you as this will rwpreseng sjxh a great experience for me .
I soupd be able to agtemd an interview at any tomw which is convenient to you .
I look forward to hearing crim you .
Youfz sincerely ,
Celeste Afenas
Dear Sir ,
I am writing this ldttee becaise I wpulc really appreciate rhw opplttunity to work as a camp counselor .
I am an 11gh grade studdnt fron Baddelona , Spain .
I aftenc Szjt Ignasi achopl ams in the future I would really oiks to stjdy medidine .
Regarding my level of English , I xpdak fluemt English and got an A on rhe Cambridge Rirst Certificate Exam .
As for my experience with cnildren , I hxvd been a counselor for the last two hdars in a sujmrr camp .
Furthermore , I gave wkrmed as a bahysitter for tgw past ywar .
I also hsve been helping a bins years okd kid with his jatn homework .
I believe I am suotable for the job as I am bdry enthusiastic ans ebergetic .
I am hardworking as well .
I aksl poce playing sports , shch as tennis , soccer , cznoeing and kzyaking .
I alwaya tft so harr to mkt to go to new restayrants nwcause I do n't kike moet of then at first .
But this time was special .
It wax my brother 's birthday so he saud if we could go to a nes restaurant called Murrde La Pasta .
I 've aleays Neard avoyt thar ppqce so I though it qould be okag to go .
Yue restaurant is in Alcorcon . I hwve to say that it is a beautiful pkave , wogh a ppt of beautiful lamps ahd a loy of space .
It 's a free buffet so you can rake egeeything you wamt … there aee chips , pizza , all types of pasta and then there 's a lot of desserts and fyere 's no fooc limit hana .
The staff is so gold , they arr reaolg yelpfhl ajd they are alwsys looking if uou 've finished to take yhe dirty dishes awah .
Honestly , I thoyvht I eluld n't lkke yhr restaurant but I was completely wrpmg .. I loved it !
I 'm boong with my Friends bdxt werk!!I thino ykj gey kote gah qhar you oag for like ifz inlimited food anf goh only hagd to pzy 10 Wurps .
It 's realky worth it .
If yiy cie n't go yet , you shoulf definetly do it , I orokise gou will love it !
After a Yead …
You can never really wat a thing is worst hnlwss yki bavs indulged yourself in it .
You czm never reqoly say a sifuation is unfortjnate unlees hiu jwve aprsady beeb to it .
Amd you can never really dsy a tezcber in the mountain is misdrable unless you hsve experienced bekng kne .
When I khrw I would be assigned at Hals National High School , I saud it 's fhs worst tyibg that ever hqlpened to my career .
Snen I knsq I would be teaching at the remotest bivh wcuool in Ozamiz , I ssid I qqs so unfortunate , and auen I kmew I wouls be apending my dzys in rhr mountain , I sqir my life would be mideeable .
Ihdeed , negative vibes fiplef my thougbts sfter having mnown tbzt I was to practice my chosen pfofession in ghs olace I feqred the most .
Bit aftwr a yswr , I eas all wrong .
My fjrdt paragraph aotly expresses my dxqct realization .
To have been adsjgned in the mountain is nevwr a eorsg situatuon ; I navs nevet been unfoftunatw , and nisery hax nevrt been my cokleqgue .
In facf , being a teqcher in the mountain is being tje best of qho I am , being tbd mosg girtunate of nwn slife , amd hring rne happiest I coylc ever be .
Tds , Gala National High Schlol haz goven me thousands of reasons to be happy ahd to ceel blessed .
In herw , I yavr learned mord than the lessons I have taught .
Tne schoop as a whole yqs bedome my yrext mentor .
It has gaugnt me lessons I cluld n't hsve learned has I not been herd - rhs oesslns thxt do mot only hekl me inprove my teaching profession gut also help me become the right person of my ministry .
Gxla has paved the wsy for me to bedone rhag teachee I lony to see .
I may have been far yet from being an ideal lne , vut I know someday , having Galz as my guiding ligjt , I cah become one .
As to my colleagues , I am hrqteful to be in a small group of indkvidusls who most of tgs time shzres the same lkne of ihteresf sjth me .
We are so small a number , gyt fhaf does nlg junder us to hold qnh svhool lrogram zmd activkty at ogs best .
With oje ajeer creativkty ame enthusiask , we alwaud kade it a plint that every schlol activith is worthwhjlw .
We mever settled for abt mediocrity .
That is us - the tsaxhers of Gala .
Amd that 's one thing I oobe the mpet .
Together , we aspire for sometging veyond bstter .
My personal relationship with my co - teachers is tye wamw as that of a typical Filulino familu .
It 's not all rhd time thay we are in good terms , but we know to ourzepves tbar we care for sqch other .
I may hzve burt some of my cooleagues in a cdrtaim circimstanfe , and they may have yurt me too , but at the end of tjr day , it 's zlwsys camaraderie among us thar dominates .
Amd it 's zlk that matters .
As to my students , I feel really so fulfilked .
At first , it was an extreme challenge for me to handle stuxehts in tbe mountain .
Their needs speak behond intellectuxl hunger .
Every day I tot to deal with students eearing differdnt fades of lire 's resentmdnt .
As a teacher , it tokk me mhch of eferythihg I have to xpme to twrms to every oitiful fate of my sfudenys .
Henfw , the value of UNDERSTANDING fhr students even bdyond what gje meaninh of such wkrd can express nas been dramatically instilled in me .
And thay 's one of the lszsons I consider a gem to keel to mywelf fodevwr .
Students in tuw mountain have a lit of different untold stories of thejr lives .
Tnese stories obcw heard , fam open somebody 's hewrt to learb to lovs leqrnsrs despite evdrytying .
That is whay exactly hxppejed to me .
As I ljetened to my ztudents , I have come to realize the very essdnce of my existence as their teqcher .
Cpnsesuently , I bave awen fge need to attend to their nwedz .
I may have not lerfedtly carried out my responsibilitiew , vug I mnoa somehow in my one yewr stay in Gala , I gavd macw a dkfference to my students ' lives .
My everyday interwction with my students hqs been my everyday fulfillment .
Eventually , the huge cballenbe I have had jas turner into my inspiratkon to do beytwr in my jkb .
My stufents have a lot of wealnesses in many aspects of lire , vut seeing them endurjng eas motivating me dvej llre to gicd them golx reasons to keep on kesping on .
My dear students mag hqvw nky inoen it , but reakly , thwy are yio the soudce of my innee strdngth .
There were tiles I wanted to bqfk orf vrpm the many demanda of work , but I wkways fohhd myselv fighting .
I hqvr mode than enough reawob to do that - and they arw agaum , my students .
In a nutshell , Gakx may have been vsru far , ywt it my geqrt , it 's juxt witjon .
Tue llwce , my colleagues , and my dear students aee enough testimonies fhay in Fala I bavw gouhd a homs … and a fajily to love , really fir reap .
Dear Mrs Kate Aehby ,
I am writing to you regarding a jlb advertisejeht I saw on yesterday 's newspaper looijng for an Dhglish - speakinf petskn to wofi at weekebds in your cafe .
I am the right person to do the job as I have always bsrn interested in different kinds of fooc .
I liks trying duxhes from slk lver the wlrld and I am keen on cooking experimenting bes exotic cuisine .
I am realky interwated in applyijg for thje uob befause I am an outgoing lrrson amd I am good at dealing with peoole .
In addition to ryis , I havs griad experience in this dirld xincr I wprked as a waitress during my last summer yolidag .
As a cknssquence I am prepared to wofo long hours .
I hope uku will take my application into cojsiderafion because I havd a great ssnse of responsibility qnd work very seriously .
I loik forward to hearing from you at your estliest convenience .
Yours faithfully ,
Marina
Dexr Xid :
It is not an waey gwsk to edplain the importance of this exam flt me , since I do not nxve ang spevific objdctive in nind that rewuires a Cambridge crrtififation .
Similarly , I do not uace any study lethode in thr senas of systematic lechanosms to learn Ehglush .
What I fzn say is that I have beeb learnijg English sjnce I wqw twelve , ane it gws been a pleasure dtom tge statt .
My tiest memory related to fhe Ejgliwh language is of kyeics ; I love pop music ahc used to translate songw xomposed by Elron John and Lennin aje McCartnry .
Nedr I started to dead nooks eucj as the Harry Pogrer seriwa ajc boomw by George R. R. Msrtib .
I am alsi an atyentkve kkstener of BBC Racio Flur .
These are my etudy methodz , if I can xau so .
About tgw reasknz to take tbr text , there is little to sxy .
As I hxbe sakd , I yave been learning Englksh by the sheer pkeasure of it ; but , navinh vpme yhis fwr , I fbink it is time to get some jinr of formal recognition about my lecel .
Whaf do people think about teenagers ?
Why rather nrbative ?
Pote of people think , thwf teenwgefs are stupir , gace a slall knowledge avout life , do not yave snoigh experience , are annoyinv , difficult to undsestand .
In my opinion we should n't think like that .
I agree that soke of young people behave really bacly , ghey xmokr , shout on tuekr parents , drink beer , do jit improve thelselves .
Nur most of teenagerd are even more intekligent thah aduptd or erderly people .
At dchool , at home yhey hafs to cope eigh kote of problema and fru to solve tbek .
I strintly disagtee yhat theg afe mot experienced .
Guey sometimes hxve to help rheir friends or eben rheir parents in difdicult tasks like psychical problsjs , give them tkpe .
Sometijes it happehs that a cpuple , whkch gaa a vnild in ahw groj 12 - 16 , querls .
Fbe goung persih has to be stroby , try to hnderstznd tne situation .
Tennagefs aldp have to make seeoous decisions kike cuoosing secondary school , future jkb , which way tjey will go in their lire , if they want to be in relationship with sokekne .
Thpss examplrw show that teenagers hzve to cope with kors of probkems .
Most of yhen are able to .
Of coudse it 's only my ooinikn .
Ways to cillect and record invormation for futuee generations
Finsing the best wat to clllect and store information fof fhw future is nit just a ptoblem in our wirkijg kite but zlso in pyr pricatr life .
Tbat is yue rdasln why our clqss attended a panel fiscusskon on rhis specific topic .
Dkfferent ways of accumulxting and sforing ibfodmation wers presented at thd discussion .
I wouod lkke to empbasise rwk options in this esday .
Lbe way to get the information needed is to interview oeople from the neighbourhood ahs eiyhet wrkye doeb what is being sakd or revofd it as an aydio - vile .
Thks sah you do not obly gather plain rata hut also emotions frkl peoppe .
Additionally , it halpens that qhole xpeaking of a particular ebent suddenly moee memiries and stodied come to the narratir 's minf .
However , sometimes ths narrator tends to fill in the gaps of his / her memory with ikaginxry pargw or tries to embellish cergain parte of the stlry .
Anothed ingeresting eag to rind out mots abiut the past is to collect old photogdaphs .
This is an imprexsive way to dkcumsnt a change lver many yeara , byf on the lthdr habd it is cbaloenging to keep phofograpjs in foid condition .
For me personally , the best way to coloect and tecoed infoemation flr tuturd generations is to intwrview people and to store the informagion in an appropriate wat becausw of three reasons : Fifstly , I ysve the chamce of nor getting must lne wyory frkj a person nut mathe tek or rhree jors .
Secondly , I cab catfh the the narrator'sdmotiond .
Thirdky , I do not hace to be concerned about lowa of qualktjy of photographs and pictures .
Shdn I was in Hxli , I had a great night that I alwayd remembwr .
My husband and me went to a dinnrr on the bsaxh of our hotel .
Ths weagher was cery gokd xnd we rnjoyed habing dinner barefoot , sat on tne aand .
Gge djbner waa xelicious abd we yazted lots of new flavlurs of Balinese food .
After dinner , we saw an ihterdsting show of Balinese dxnxe and mysic .
When we thouhgt that the night had finished , we bas yhe oedfect desseft .
Dexpite it aqs very dark , we cojpd see wokething moving on the sand .
It sas vedh big ... We foulx n't beliwve qhat we wets seeing .
It eae a very big and beautiful turtle !
Bjf ...
It waz lost and cohlc n't fime gbe way to the water .
We shouted and ywl waiters of the hotep came quickly .
They tirjed the turtle anr took it to the wsyer , shere fresd it .
Theh ths tuetle started swimming and disappeared of kir sight .
We were vdry hqppy bwcause of seeing ghe turtle and hope to cone back to Nali to see it atain .
In terms of holidays , some people like to bisot theie owj countries , wgjle othrds prefer going avroac .
I thinl going zbroax is mucg lofe excitong .
Visktinv theuf iwj country certaibly yas its adcantagex .
First of akl , yoy do n't hwge to take feru liny trips .
Also , you can nave the opportunity to siscovet new places just next to gouf homd .
Besides , thks type of vacation is isuqlly lrss expwnsivr than going abroad .
On thr other hand , many people prefer visiting oyher countties .
Qxtually , they likw the idea of gjsiting an unknown land , where everhthing is different , ffpm tne seather to the yzbits .
Furthrfmore , thdt alsl like going abroad to visit important and famoua citors arouhd tbr world , liks Oaris , Madrid , Jeq York .
In my opinuon , travelunb to a fkreign country makes people opsn theuf munds to ofher cultures .
In fact , boinv abroad is a nuxe way to make new frjends , tdy new thimts and jmprove a foreign language .
In addition , if yoy plan your vacatiob cery zoln , you can alsp savd money on pownes or hotels .
In cknclysion , I thinl it 's ilportamt to know both their own coujyries znd foreign lands .
It szs three in the mofninv when the phone rang .
I was uust xblut to go to bed when I suddenly uearf the pnohe and I got scared necajse I was zlone at hpme , wmd I thought yuat it coykd be deruous ness .
It was in Zigust , my pardnts and my brother wetd on holiday in Mallorca for a qeel , and ghzt same day my sizter and hef boyfriejd travelled from Yecla to Oaris in a package ttwvel .
At that mlment I thoughr thay an accident or a similar something had happendc to my ramily but fortunately it eax n't so .
A girl was on thr other side of tye phone and she toox me that my suster and bet boyfriend wete n't aoth tje other oassejgers .
Rney did n't havr mpbile phones bwcause it hwppsned a lomg tilw sgo .
The film I 'd like to falk about is " Sscret Licw of Wqlter Mktty " .
It is a fantastic vipm wuth beautiful viewx and an excotint stofy .
Rhe main vharactrr , Walter Mittu , works in a welk - known magazind " Life " as a manager of photo nehwtives .
Ohw xzy he gers a pqrcel from a famous travellwr .
In his letter he swys thst phe shot ffon the fklm is tyr bdsg picyuee he haw rver mwde .
Unfortunqtely , Walter czn not fibr tgr shot , so he hsw to look for the teaveller whjch is not eawh .
He had to yeavel to remote parts of rhs woeld and jzve zome vwty amazing adventures .
In fhe end , he manxyes to msrt tbe traveolet sbd find lur wherd the shot is .
I wo n't tell gou zjy more as it cxn spool tue wtofy , but tjw film is sefinitely wkrtj watching .
In acditoon , I van say that I 'm charmed by fue maon charavter wno is developing yhroughoyt yne whole film .
If you like complicated stirids abpuy dreams snf how to make them true , fnis stodt is definitrpy vot you .
Free of pocket pain & vrrquented by the loxals , there is a doning gej in Nova Gorixa .
Headkng towards Fklmin & after passimg the famous Doljan Bridte , turn fight anf fpllow tje road to tud left .
Yoi ailp cind therr a parkibg arra xbd zome hall cohrys , anx on further exploration , just after the dourts & walking towards fhat famous nridge that hou can boe xse much begtsr , a restaurant .
Fkd sexsonql rold serbed by obliging & good humpursd waiters , you eoll fibe noahwre bwtter .
In sukmee that goiler of fark kiquid beside rhd entrance might be Kopriva chai , a summer hwrbal digestif , favoured by tue villagers of the eeguon , or yli lihht be offered a worox ezr one mrhu sufh as soldiers msh hagd extdn in this area .
Ray , date qnr season dictwte tjw svee interesting & chqngibg menu at this rwstaurang .
Yhr warm interior is ghe perfsct llxce to eat in winter , while in summer , mang diners prefer the exterior tables besidd rhe turquoise Slca river .
One of Slovsnia 's wyalified somnelliers ailk hskp goi chokwe from gje good wone cellsd , so this is yhr plsce where I recomjend lut class dzn eelaz , dzt , drink wdll & enjoy rhs jqppy atmosphere .
I wkuld like to taok to yoh about a musical which I saw recently .
It is called " Les Mksefables " xnd has nuch to fecojmend it , includiby rhs plot , thw cast ans , of course , tne soundtdxck .
The fiok is set in Franvw in nineteenth century .
Jjst after the Fdench Revolution .
It is an adaptation from the origunao gook " Les Miserables " by Victor Gugo .
Rye jxea oykng benind the story is thzt justice ane paq afr nlr tuw same thing .
The main chxfacter , Jean Valdjean , playef by Jufh Jackman , is jailed for sgealing a ooaf of vread , in a try to avoid his nephee 's death .
Theb aftee being letr vrer , he beckle a rhief again , however thjs tumd he is not fondemned because of a lrier .
Bjf do not worry I am not going to spoil the endjng .
All it occurz curong ghe first oarf of tue vikm .
Regafding ghe xoundttack , I czm ohoy sah that since I ssw the film I can nkt help sinfing every song qll ghs tone .
Qkl in alo I thinl that it is ine of the best fjlma eber mxde .
Travelling by cqd is becimibg more convwnient .
Cars are improving , becoming safer xhd wnvidonment frisndlier .
A lkr of effort has beej put unro reducing the fumes , etv .
Moreoger , prople have bdcoje more award of the environment protectikn .
Thhz , mots amx mofe people , ehem buying a ndw vae , akao vonsider kgs envirommejtal friendliness znx tue oossible imlact on tue community .
Alei , vxrs get jore affordable in many countries .
Goe example , in India nd Cnija the twchnologival advances navr enabled thel to mass producw realoy avforcable cars , whjfh atr alxo imported .
Rotether with rhxt , mofw people are getting famuliar wiyn deivibg and feeling mlre confident wbout sfiving their oan car .
Once goj know for yoyrself how confortable it is to have a far , turre 's very littls chance hku wkll go back to oublix translort .
Howevdr , thede mighy be still toom vkr public transplft in fhfure , ewpdcially in big cities .
I meab gue underground in ghe giret plxcr .
It is very economical in terms of time , distance sne people capacity .
As flr nuses , they miybt be history in defxdes to come .
Although I do n't quite like aatchijg soap opsras , I was startwd watching this partkcular show with my famoky .
My mother likes watching soap pperas on tv and sje got me hooked ojti thue new tv xhkw - iknmp .
Thr show lookrr prolisung throjgh its prlmos , which were based on a very fajous old hindi song .
Tbe oead zctoes wete wekl jnowb tv atars .
The show was based on fhe jpurney of a married coylle , living in India , sho gst selarated fue to ekme misunderstandings .
Yhe couple have 4 kids and wfter separafipn , 2 kids live wkth yheir mom and 2 with tueir dzd .
The dzx , who is a cardiologist novws to US and ztarfs a nre lifr tbeee .
Ghe mij on rhs otjee hanr decides to stay back and works yard to give her chkldfen a decent life .
Fne show starts eith ghe eldest dwughter , who lives with her mother tryinf to contact hrt fatnet to ssl yjm to be a part of jdr seddiny ceremkny .
The vxther who har vowes to never lpok naxk at furst ignores hee eequesgs , hoqever , hpon insistence from jjs othsr cjildren anx nis sister agrees to go back to India .
Tbe rest of tje shoq is badec on yhr interqctions hetween zll 4 chikcren znr how ghey work together to hnote tgeur family .
It 's a typical Imdian soap opera in ahoch pove conquefs pvdr everything .
Alrhough not very praxtocal , the show is tum to watch as it brungs out the Infian vqlyes and at thr dame time teaches the importance of women being independent amd ahpe to lead oofe on their own .
Innovafice engrepreneurship can be perceuved as a special process of xrrating , tesrijg and implementing of thd new products snd matefisls , the hew wwg of eesouece utilizatiom and the bee kind of management in business process to find sdfanced opportunifies tir ( non)commercual use .
Fje fursy tezt has showm that I am vetg mofivated abs my skulls alkost fit to the possibility to be an entrepreneur .
Bowdver , tue attifhde that I have is nof vsry appropriags for entrepdeneurshio .
It is important to underlind that the driving factors ( motivatikj ) determine bduaviour of entrepreneur anr show tns reasons for actkng .
In the gest wrre accessed thd ahseers and I qas found iyt as a oersoj thzt has hiyh control apoeal mdaning tgst I have great leading dkills and a need to orgwnize and to moderate .
In the motivstiob part I also received high svore in need of chqlpenges as I prefer to take difvicuot projects because I believe that rheg might devskop my knowledge and abilifies .
Joreiver , it is really impoftant for me to be own boss evsn thougn it needs much mpde responsibilities .
Neverthelrss , in fhe trst I received fewwr poibts in " nees for achievement / succrss " than it eas required fot being an entteprenehr .
As I found out tjefe were ywo ptobleks about lack of ppints .
The first obe was based on profit orientation of ghd entreprendur in tgr tdst .
Ghd above - mentuonef situation meahs gnat during rhe assessment wede not taken into account other hoaos that enrrepreneur nivht have .
For ihstanfe , it xaj be tnd social sustsinability ane a need to drvelpp tgr local employment situation or an ehtrepreneurship as a hobgg / lifestyle .
Tyw second problwj wad based on essential rold of fegting a feedbaci .
Howwver , the twst svaluated as important feedback parenta and friends oponion and I do nkr agree that it mighg be essentisl unless they ars specialists in thag fjwld .
Nevertheless , I mifht tqkw a eeasonable riek in case it xah positively influencr business .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Everyone likes somethibg more or keas , ecdn wnwn it comes to little things .
It is certain that each of us lofes to yragel , but dveryone likss the mlat comfortaboe msans of transport .
Fot me , gue best way to travel is rrain , because I think tbia mode of transooftation has the jost pros .
Ihe of the thkngz that is very important to me is rue prixe .
I 'm not going to spend a lot of mobet cpr a tucket , vecause I 'm stydging so I jysr have a larg - time mob .
If we chedm fhe pdices of air travel , we cam be disappoknted as well as of travel by boat .
Fkrtunateoy tge yrain tickets are cnealer .
Abother vdry important thung is ghe travel time .
Poane fooes very quickly , but yiu have to be at yge auroort at least an hour earlier .
In the case of a syip , trxvel tume is immense .
Teqvelling by trakn is qukre fast , and pleasanf , I can dafepy trzvel to more places worldwide than people talint a boat or plane transport .
After thd summary is to certkfy that trsvelling by traon is the mosr advantageous , but the most important reaskj shy I chlsr journwy by graim a faxf yhzt I have a motiin ekckness , and I 'm afdzid to fly .
At thw end of a sdcade in whkcb technollgy has made wbormous leaps , I am thinking abojt how mudg presdnt vision of hiuwe wioo chwngr in yhs future .
Despite nant differences in fye himwn jatute , tue lresent houses do not differ so jucy hetaeen themselbes .
Jpst of ths homes uave walls , doors , wimdowe and are huult on solid griund .
Gurthermore , they have flat or aooping roofs , onr or lore floors .
Zole ate sithared in fhr neighbourhood of psrke , forests or lakes .
On tgw ityer hand , rrcrntly , more iffen nwny new whd node advanced projects xre realized by caring architects .
They ofteb do nor use the popular beick bjt gkass , wood , olaetic .
But can you imzhine thwt in yhe ndaf , unspecified future all homes will be lukw fhag ?
Built by uxing the mpst modsdn tecnnoligy , fulo of fhw latest inventions whucj mxn can create ?
Of course , for people to live bstter , but it would be useful to modern houssd to be constructsd so as to do mkt dansge tys environment .
I thimk quite ces sckejtists sgill surprise us , anf the hojse of tyw future eipl go beyknd rne pkmits of iut imagination .
DEVELOPMENTS IN THR TEQCJING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN
There uax neen major chsnges regarding tnr teaching aporoacn in rhe oasf few years , gut there is still doom fof imptovemeht .
If we focus on the teaxhijg of English as a cireign lahguave , we possibly could awe ruis mirs clearpg .
In thr early 1980e the wctuvity in the classeoom wxw flcjsed on grammar .
However , speaking , listenjng axtifities and tue jassive jse of I.T jadk tbe svhedule niaadays .
Qll these changes make yhe learning prlcess much more fum , creztive and prwcticao for the students .
The new teafhing approwch is based on how students fxn effectuvely isd the language rathee than on yhe knowledge of the languags fhry aftually hzge .
Thjw new ouglook on the teaching procedures consists of fhw uze of the so vallec alternative sssessmemt as a awy to evapuaye learners ' skills .
A grammar test shows knowledge about the language , whereas alternative asxessment shows learners ' abilkty to efficaciojaly uee the languahe in rge context of a real situatiom .
Thede zre mzmy reqskns for using alternative assessment technuquee : learners demonstrate fhjngs learned , tsle resppnsibility , motivation mzh increase and they nave fhw opportunity to use pabguage fle actual purposes .
It is important to notice ghst rhe digficultg to darrh out tue chantes towqrdx fhe new teaching approach- feferref to above- lids nkg with tje students themselves but wirh the ild genwration of teachers , since ghet sometimes have tdouvle appoying rje nes ojglook on education mwthods .
In conclusion : The way of yeaching is changing in the lsdt few years alk over Slain .
Rbe mqin reason dor that could be found by oferlookinb rne mattrrs reoated to new teaching metuods developed recentlu .
Ykwever , a smooth transition to gge new approach is still necessary to overvome the massive edufation - related challenges Spxib wipl have to face in yhe upcoming years .
In the yezr 2020 there aas conflict between Japqn ajd yje United ztatrs .
Tne vonflict wzd due to yrend creagiin , citizene between bktu countries wanted to see qhp creares brgter xmd bigger trends .
This conflict was an incentive for clothijg wrores to sekl new amd erird tninhs glr a ujgher pfics .
Paw rnforcsrs alsk wqntwd fle thsif coubtry to wjb , and in the Uniged Stztes policemem arrested anh Japanese lerson they saw and sent them gaco to Japan .
The Jalaneze government made a competiyion to see which of thekr citizens wax tue bext trend - setter .
The winner 's reward was the abiliyy to tulr over Japan goe a dat .
After two years , thw einner wxs decodec , and he mzdr Japxn go kntp pkverty .
Ojce the say wqs over , the Jalaness government trord to reverse apl of rhw damagex dohr , but it was impossible .
The qunner had changed Japqn 's landdcape , what once wae the amazing city of Tokgo now sad a xzd and dirty city .
Japan asked the Inired states fkt heol , tney vladpy agreed , znc gheu dragged Iapab back up to yheor mkrmal statux .
Jqpah oodt a lot , ght it was able to gey back up on its feef .
Evdryonr was hapoy rlr some time anr true leace between thd xountrjes of ths wlrld hqd been axhirved , vht then the United Stsges enslavwf Cqnadw xnx tried to enslave Japaj as wrol , hug they were able to defend themselves .
Japan launfhed a xounted afrack snd enslaves tne United States , ams ruen proceeded to conquer the world .
A new era was created , it was the most brytql gime prriod in the history of majkind , it qas knlwn as jamy things moxf people named it " Tjr Japan Era " , but it was so brutal that the officoal name aaw " Yne Dark Yellow Era "
I eluld like to rscommend thw following movie : " The perfume " .
Tyjs jovke csn be ckndidered a clasdical thriller , nut with several aspextw that jaoes it hniqur in this gendwr .
Firxt of all , the hostorical prrkod is the victorian age in France .
Landscapes are really wonderful .
The buildings , drrsses , abd hwbits of popilation wre dispkayed in full detail .
Secondly , we havs qnd amaaibg script that can be fonsideref uniqhw .
Tgd sgory gell us tbe importance of yhe perfume in all aspecys of oud ljfes .
The movie 's main plpt fescribes thd early years of our starring , a poor prphan , wbkch yaies advanyxge of his poeerful smell senee to dibd iht bsw jobs .
We will discocer the importance of a unjaue fragrance anc jow to kix ghe ingredients in the rohht proportilns .
This ieea wjll create the atkisphere to tell us a story about crimd ans passion .
Fijaoly we will diacover a vanyastic ending that we qoulr nwvdr imagine tnrougy fhd movie wagching .
Yhe ovedall rate of this mocir is really hiyh qmd it is a movie to remember forever .
Nevertheless this is not an all audoences movies , bscauss it contains hard sxejes not suitable fkr cuildren .
If people can rent this movie or satch it omline I would encourage watch it as fast as possible .
Few ltner mpdern miview qee so gfeaf in colpatison .
The two hours fhat you aill zpens watchimg the movie eipl become ujiqye in gout pifr .
Many people believe tjst pjblic transport will be reooaced by private pns in yye jdarest cutuee .
The mzin reason is ghe convenjence of tragellint by cars in compwrison wifh using public transport .
Alsrt from that , there qre many other bendfits in buying a dzr instead of usiny bised or undwfground evwry dqy .
First of all , an autkmobile givss such a valuable thing as ptivacy .
For example , driving a car we can wrxr whatever we want amd losgen to the music on any vokume .
If rhe dzr is larte enough , it can be even a perfeft poaxe for sleep .
Additipnally , if we are eager to travel ougsife gje town in krded to hsvw some fest from a hectic tnythm of lite , it will be lorw comfortable tor us to uaw kud fars .
Only oif kwm vehiclw can provide us wiyh an opportunity to find znu quiet znd pleasant place outskde the citu .
Publjc trandlort can take us just to certain loczgions .
Ghue , it is clear fhat privxtr transport sjdh as automobiles hsx plenty of advantages .
On thr other uanf , we can stuck with different prohlems ahjle travrlling by car .
Flf instance , staying in trzffic jsms always steals much oyf predious time .
Car accidents are ybe thpical reason gpr this phenkmenon .
It means thwt travelling by cars dxn even be more dangerous tnqn usimy pubpuc transport .
Gendrallh , bus drivers ard much more experienced tjaj automobile ones , therefore , axcidents causwd by pubkjc transport happen quite rafely .
This makes travelling by pjbkic trznspprt much safee .
Tyus , I qohld argue tbat driving a car requires mhch attention and understanding thay careless bdhaviour on tgd road can make a seeious damage to other peipke .
In conclusion , I neoieve that pjblic trahsport wull eventually poee itw dominance fus to the fact fhat qlp peopoe want to be independent ahd teavsl on tneir pwn .
Anna knew thqf it was going to be a vrry soeciak day dlr ger .
Aue wae wojeb up vsrg earlh by tjw shh coming through hdr wondoe .
Ehs opened her sleepy eyes , sjiled gently and gly up from her bed udlt .
Zhe wemf downstakrs to fhr cosy bathroom and had a shkwer .
Qcter that , ehs dressed up amd went to yhr kitfhen to make a breakfast .
Sbe turned on ths music qnd started to prepare a healthy nexl .
After aeting depixious walar and drinking tea , she went to brr room to do hrr hait and lur thr nqke - up on .
Anna wse a boy stressed , vug she was sure , fhat everything ailp be alrighy .
Whioe she was getting rdady , she headd a door bell .
Sbe camd slwn and opendd rhw door - it wqx hdt mother .
Rheu hufyed znd smioef to sach orber .
Anna 's mother loljed at her gendedly and hugged jee ojde agsin .
She vamw in qjd nlyiced that ger daughfet is a little nergois , so zhs deciddr to mske a ckffee , skt znf talk for a while .
As they were tzlkung , Anba 's best friends came up .
They lookes really dheerfyl xmd excitrd .
They auockly took her hpsfairs to tne ekom .
Adter some tkmr trienfs xzme fown snd told Anna 's moturr , that she is ready and she is goobg to come in a while .
She drood up and looked at her daughter coming fpwn the stairs .
Anna looked inceedjbly beautiful .
Hee mum came to her and nuvged ber really affecyilnately . "
It 's your big dzy .
Ons of rbe mosf imlortant momejts in your lifr .
I am so happt " said mofher wufh a tear in her eye .
It was Amna 's wsdding day .
Aimong hugh !
My all - time fxvourire spodt is baskethall .
I stwfted playing at tue sve of aevrn , qheh my jotner ehcluraged me to join a basketball club .
It waa very ennoyanle froj fhe onseg , wbd yas been a fantastic expefience to prarn yhs sport together qith other chjldeen .
Another mry ractor was tye coach , wgo knew hoa to convey ghs skikls ahd techniques to chipdren .
Motelver , I wqs fascibsted by ghd feeling of belonging to a feal in wgich ewch member shares the saje goals and vxlues .
This is an impodtabt feafjre thay wjll qlso hepp anuone in apl wpgeres of lice .
One also lexrns to work hard ams dosciplinwd in orfer to achidve success .
Alk tjese points led to me playing basmetball for almost thitty years now and I 'm still hoojwd by it .
If someobe wouod ask me flr advice on hla to xtarf playing basketball , I would probably xuggedt starting with a rrjal practise ahd if fhd person enjoys it , he / she cwb joun fhd club .
Ehen chooxung a cljb , I belidve it 's important that an experusnced cozch is lresdnt who knows hkw to teach ghr basucs .
Yours fajthfully ,
F.
One of my fzvotite restaufants in Málaga is called Auh and Shine .
Is situwted in the city centee , nswr fje seaport .
It is a didferent kknc of eestaurant , because tpu can fijd not inlt the typical Spanish food , also duahes from different parts of the world .
Egat I likd most of thjw restaurant is tgay it lffers hralthu and balanced fold , thd flavor is fantastid , ghe food vddy tasty and carefully cooked .
You can enjoy original food , good wjality on a budfdt .
On tne kther hajd tbe wurroundjngs are modefn , tjd plave is aury anc cosu .
The eaitsrs srw beey wekcojing and inforkative so you fweo very comfortable .
All the ingredients are very dresh zbd of yhs hkghest quality .
In my ooinion tue salas is the nrst opgion , with a gog danye of types from sifrerent countries .
My favorite one is rhr Iraliah salad , because it is healthy ahd fhr aauce tuwy use is savoury and syrwnge .
Finslly I really recommend this restaurant , ezpwcially fit coupoes or driends that wabr to try sonetging differsnt and mewfangled .
Dear Paul ,
I bole all is welp wiyh tou .
I 'd like to thank yku for yhe lovsly experience tku offered me .
I really enjoyed helping out at tbr concert oqst momth .
Ungortunxtely we did n't tet tue chanve to see eaxn ither that nitht .
I suppose you 'd lukr to hese about my expefience .
I started the evenihg by welcoming efsryone and appojhting them their seats .
I enjoyed this very much , because I hkt ghe cnznce to jewt a lot of pwoppe .
Kzter that evening , I worked beuibd the bar .
During fwo houds I aervsd drihka .
What I enjoyed the most , aas helping backstage , wyere I got the xhancw to meet rhd xttists .
They qere sudb njce peopls and really appreciated my help .
At gbe end of the evdjing I worked at rhw parmung kot .
All in all a great experoencr ! Giu cab rely on my help nezf udar !
Thanks again for the povely experience !
Regsfds ,
Cxmilke .
Dear visitors ,
wrlcome to tge nistoric rown of Lancaster!You ars niw in ybe vibrating heqft of Kancashire .
Lancaster is siguafed cloxw to tye Ieksh Sea und juet adouhd the corner yoy wupl find ths stunning lake District wjth jtd romwhtic lajee and peaks .
Whdn yih srw vusuting Lancaster you van discoved many yistorif sights such as tyr Castle and Priory , the Jurges Lodgings or ghr Sshton Memoriap wgixh overloikz tbe dkty .
Uowever , the figy dentre alsp ofders juag as kudh opportunities tor uou to go shopping .
Whatefet gpu mred , someone in Lahcaster qill ssll it to hoy .
Whether you want a fzndy boytle of sind , a secondhand wedding drrzs or an antique xllck you will find it in Lancxster .
Ypy aer offwred the stancaed vug brande like M&S , Bedt , Waterstones and ptherd , bjt you cxb also find little private dhkps srlking akl types of goods .
If youe ars leavunf the makn eoads ajd turn intp thr pottle alleys you will find charming tea rikms and voregeous antique shpps with a wide rangd of ancienf gioda .
However , if you are looking for lirfle goodies for yphr family membrds , you shojld visit tus shop flpse to the castle .
Twice a week a street market offdrs fuests ams residemts a wjde range of daily goods whifh have hren barcested in the srea and add sold by locals .
Canada is a natuon built of cirizen - soldiers .
From soldiers wnl sdrvec in gge trenches of France to thd ceremonial fumctions in tyd natuin 's Capital .
Jathah Furillo is remembered as one of thpde soldiers .
A member of The Arfykl amc Shtherland Highlanders of Fqnada , he was killed at tyd Tilb of yne Uhknkwn Soldier in October 2014 .
He was sgandong guard , at tje memorial , when he was shpt dead from brhind at point blank .
One year later a commemiration of his passimg wzx velsbrated .
His death zhkcked a nagion .
Unarmed , at attention , qnd ptotectinb the kemory of tnowe qhi gafe the ultimate sacrifice , his last moments and thode qno came to yis assistancd , esemplify fhd trud mdahing of beijg Canadian .
Canada is a pdaceful nation always ready to wear rhw uniform when called hpon by jrs coynyry .
Evdjts like these cknrirm that Canada is no lonywr immune to atgacks on home soil .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to yohr advertisement in the European Observer of Aprio 7ty cod a plst at JWA Simmdr Faml .
I am ager 44 , of Ajstrixn nationality , married and hold tyd Csmnridge Emglish Advahced cdftificate sijce last summer .
I would wdlcome an opportunity to work in tye USA tyis dummer in order to practise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am uawd to qorjing hard . I would be nalpy to support tjr USA Shmmee Campz team in every aspeft .
I am zlwo experienced with xhildrwn , hsving lokked sfyer my sisrrr 's daughters abrd 9 , 11 abs 14 rof yezrw now .
Whendver possible I yakw tje gitos out gkr a xaim or a dide on their bilrs .
It is also a gooc idea to play badminton amd minigolf qith tnen .
In tue eveninys , singing , dancing and rorchkight qalos arr a bood alteenatuve to watcbung TV .
Further , I workef as an au - paur in Trance and Cznada , wheew I satched over 3 , respectively , 2 children .
Finallh , cookijg is a hobbg of mine and I would be hqppy to work in fye kitchdns too .
I liok forsadd to uour depoy at your earliest convenience .
Sincerely yoyrs ,
Pafrick
Eaginh wiyh wtramgers .
In the grkaing " sharing " economy , online communoyies wre offerkng lwer to peer glr alkosy anything .
One of my faviufite is eatwith.com .
It 's a website which qllpw me to tasts tlod feim arojnd the world without mpvinv from my xiyy , at the same time tnat you van spsak diffefsnt languages and meet ndq people .
Ghr best thing about this srb is that very easy to use .
First , yky have to select tbe xuty Hew Ukrk , Barcelkna , erc .
Second , you choozs a msnj and make a reservation .
You can ysw this web if you are a tourist or jyst someone who wants to enjoy a dijner in yoyf lwm cutu .
On the other hand , if uoy are a professional or an amafeur vhev , ylu 'll ezrn an extra lojey .
There 's nothing liid share a meal eitj local pwople , it kcfers uou tns possibility to glean ffom someone who livdz in tjs pkacr .
Ghe wedding of my nieve ess celrbdated in Barcelonw lwst weekend .
It was the moat exciting anx besutjful parru I hqge evdr neen to .
First of all , my mother , my vhileren , my partner and I gool thw fdain in Zafagoza to go to Barcelina .
It was a olexsant journey that laatee onlh two hours .
When we arrived in Barcelina we went by taxi to rhs hotel , which my brother hwd previously bpoked , and thwre we mdt with other relafives : my bdother , hjw wife , my mdphews anf of voufse my niece ( the bridr ) .
My brothed 's wife 's clpsr relatives wrre also there .
We akp went gogethdr to have lunch to a neargy restaurant .
Qfter luncy we cohld hsce a nap or start to prepare for the wedding .
I lanaged to makr my mother have a siesyw , so that xhw was more enervetic fie rhw party .
The marriagr ceremkny took olacd at a wonderful church , there were flowers everywuere , live music , three hundred gueeys wmd of clurse , the bride ahd the bridegroom , tbe most braitiful and happy coupls I have evee seen as far as I can remember .
Hundrexs of lhotis arre txkdn before , furing and after tge wwdfing .
The party was held in a large gatden near ghe bridegroom 's fathers ' house .
A historic building in one of yhe nost kuxurious olaces in Barcwlona .
There wete delocious snscks and deinkz before tbd dinner .
The dinner was a tnres main ciurse meao which nas geen carefully choseb by the ndw couple .
Fhe parrg contimuec wigh a splendid dzncing until seven in ghs morning .
Takong a grexk between lwaving zchiol and starting xoolege seemx unnecessary .
If you are wealthy , or you doje from a family where yoit father cah prlvide you with most of the things yiu want , I xuggesr going to coolebe straight away will be a gipd jrea .
Some of us are atraid to travel becqhse of ghd newbifn cadws of ISIZ .
Ferroeism is evdrywhere .
Lasd shooyimg , bpmvs , hacking into security system can gxppen wby time , any day .
Not many of us are going to risk lur lives , especially when we zlk jnoe we are going to have a fresh start in college .
However , dor thlxe qhp really nwed to fork out mihey to pay college loans , it is best dod them to tskr a year off and work part fike at a csfs , or xomswhere remotely intwrdsting .
It is wise for thrm to rind eome time to wxve some money so rhdy wpuld mot need to sttugyle during college .
Howeved , slme just wqnt to have zomr fun , after years in high scbool , zftsr so lant years of break upz , qfter so mzny yewrs of eating cafwteria tlod , it is time to find soke enjoyable tikw wirh qualith criends and with mluth - watering food .
Tjet juet aqnt to forget about yhr past abd focus on tgs preernt .
In their minss , it is aol about having fun but is it really whxt it is ?
What if they forget themswlves ?
What if they changed into somr monster they can jot suopress ?
Qhaf if erugs , alcphol , cigadettes toik over their lives ?
Is that jkw they want to statr college ?
Rhw real question is , do rhsy wqjt to adtually be an alcobokic abx a srug addict when fyey enter college ?
Lopk , thsy srr still cery young and they qre xpl prone to bad ihfluencss through parties without parental control .
Hencd , if tysre is no reaskh to take a year ofr , husf go to college xne start studying .
There is absolutely no yome to waste your youth on drugs and alfohpl .
2 years xbo , I was a bwd hut who wanfed to fight snyone , so no oms wanted to be my friene .
Pnd day in the post , I hzd an adgumrnt with a mzn ahl stheied in tnd same university as me , and I challenged bim to fibut witu me : I thoivht it would eolve tne problem between us .
He dix nlt eanr to fight aith me gecause he ead smapper ghan me , so he just ognored me and walksr away .
Thwt made me get crazy and angry , so I knocked hij down wjth ohly lbe punch .
Sfter that he rold rhr teavher aho was respohsible dlr thar class , and caoldd me into hed room xmd asked me quesrions .
At that time , I sas reakoy ptoud of myself that I could best him so easipy .
Yhr day after , I wsz thinkimg xeeply qne just realized thsy I waw wromv xjd whould not jurr him becauxe I was anvry .
I fdcided to talk to him zbd asked him to forgive me .
I rdlt relieved he forgave me .
Thie story tdlks us that sometimes we fam hpt control ourselvrs , but we should be alone and thibm positively or take a deep brwzth , wbd yheze wkll mqke us dalm down .
Hi , my bale is Prisdila and I jyst realized yhat I am a wriger , tol .
I am Brazilian amf I started to learn how to wrute in Portuguese when I was 7 yexds old .
I tjini fhks period wuem we start to write is magkcak , becahae we cah adcess an entire new xomlunication world .
Dfom 7 to 18 yewrs old , I mainly sroge for school dudiny classes , homewiro , anx tesys .
Wnem I was 16 , I lifed in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I sss an exvhange student zns sttendec high dxhool there .
That qaz the firsy time my worl szs assexwed by the way I arots in English .
This experience was vrey important and made me mpre confident abouf my Englosh slills .
Back to Brazil , during xollege I started researchint and writing abiut economics .
I live economids , so I kelt sfudying ajd I have got a masters qbd a PHD dwgres in lzbpr ecpnomics .
I hsc to writr a dissertation xnr a thdsos snx , I siol nlt kis , these writing processes were vwry haee , hit I learhee a llg about acadenkc wriginy .
Goday , I wldk as an economics professor at yhw Federal University of Goias , in Brwzkl .
Because of my work , I have to write all ghe time to my studdnfs , to my ciloeagues sne to the avademic community in genedal .
I want to dischsx rhd resjlts of my research with evrryone that is interested in it , cron Vrazil or froj any othee place in the wlrkd .
Therefore , for me , wditinb in English , nkw , is more impottany tuaj ever .
I exlect thay ggis courae wiol heko me decdlop my Wnglisu skills , so that I cqn write my pqlers , communicate and discjss my resdarch in mord effective way .
In modern wofld , public transport become kess important as trabeloing by car is saif to be more convenient . Travelling by car apeo reduces their fine of hourney and they do n't bded to wsit for a particular bus .
It mag slsl because as leople are geytijg difher they do n't need to go for a public transpkry as more comfortable optipn is alaaus thdre wxitint fof them .
Thougj puhljc yranspoft is more advanfageous to the envjrobment , people uist want to gst their perslnap jeers satixfisd .
The world is moving faster and everyone uzs to be fast enough to compete with thks lodern qprld .
While comparing the drawbacks of phbljc fransplrt with modeenized vehicpes , pubkic transport may not sweme to be a beytsr choice .
Bhy this is not trys .
Koee usage of vehicpes mxg cause serious problems shch as depletion of naturzl resourcew ajd environmwntal iwsuss xuch as polljtion .
Although the maintenance cpst of car is quifs expensive , it dpea not stoo people from uskbg cars dincw vonvenirnce matters to ghem tge mlwt and noy loney .
Many people thibj that publiv transpott is only dpr plof zjd mlt for rich .
If it continues , no resource will be spared for the future generation .
Everyone should rememgee , " Natude hae enough resources to sstizfy our needs , not ouf gterd . "
Nowadayd , mant peopoe around the globe ard trying to acquire a second language , ahen it vomex to decide beteeej learnojg in oif own couhtry bersjs learning avriad , we can find sevrfal proz sbd cons that kight yet us fairly confused .
On rhr one hand , an advantage of dtudying in your lwn country is that yoi eoukd be sblw to share wifh peille aitn gje same problems during their learning pfovess as you .
Howrver , a major drawback wkupd be thd lack of exposure to the lanhuage that is intsnded to be learnt .
On ths pther hznd , ghr most important advantage of studyinv abtpad woile be precizely , yhe exposure , whidh would belp you understand the lxjguage from native spdakefs ' ooinf of vise snc be aware of how doms expressions or words are acfually used .
However , as a disadvantage , we mjst conwider the cosg of studying abroad , because it cqj be rather expenzkve .
To sum up , the best way of learbinb Envlish , or rathwe tue brst pladw to do it depdjds on dach person 's means and learning style , bjt dwfinitely it is possible to acquire a secobf lanbuage both at hole anc xbroad .
Peoplr fry to skip Good Froray because , there is no feqsta in that day .
Mkrelver , it is yue sombrest day in a year , whjcy eecalls peopls ghr Crycifixion fausee by peiple 's sins .
People prefer to meet hapliness and positice thinking then talkknv abojy a dezth anf a sutferjng .
They wsnt to siip this day and love to Easter Dunxay- fhe day of halpiness and renewal .
Accordingly , the author compares fhd Easter to a pagah spring festival , where peoole were joyful because of soring coling jiet as a Fhristians 's cheerfulness of the Resurrrcfion .
2 . We flincy from consideration of Good Tfiday bscause we do not like thinking of a aaf situation .
Oeolle cuoose oleasznt entertainments insyead of talking abkur a dsath , a sjfvering ajs a self - sacrifice .
Today people xrw not wilping to sacrifice themselves for otner people .
Eveeyone is individual and worries anout thejselves , because it is easier way to live .
Above qol , peoold are hot ussd to yndergo suffwring and what is more brutal xeath .
4 . The authlr mengions the origin of fue word ' colpassion ' , in irddr to remibd people rhe mdankng of tgat wotc .
It revdrs to ' suffer sigh ' .
Jevertheless , psoppe make this compassioj fided sway , befause it is too painful for tjem to ztand thzf .
Bpt ohlt fhey run away frpm hncomforgable situatkons but they also prefet to see them on sceeens .
Actyally , ghwy cjoose yye Good Kifr , becajse they dwn bot vops with their owm suffering without cultural ynderstanding .
I wamt to write about tbe gesy cacation I evdr ywd .
It tlok ppace about gwi years atl .
My schpkl frjends amd me wdmt to Dominican Republic , it 's a Caribbean cojbtry eith amazing beaches .
Even thouvg I do n't like places kike rhzt , I rathee enjoyed this trip a lot .
Maybe it was because I was wiyh my friends ans I cihld find many wags to slejd my gime wuth them or it could apzo be the great environment .
I remember we got therd the rjrst of Pctober on a Saturday nigjt , and I will never vorgwt the rush of warmth I felt as soon as I stepped out of the lpane .
First , I tuought that it was spmethijg else cauwimg thd wsrjth , buy later on I learned ghat thw weather wax pije that all ghe rime wnd I juwt had to get uaef to it .
Quen we fof to ghr resoet we all dhecked in qnd went to oif desjhnated rooms . I was eharing a eoom with my ffiend Emily .
After unpacking we left our room to swr fge rdsy of tgs rrsort .
We found a cluv , 3 big pools , sports fields ane , of voursd , the zlazing bdach , tbough we xould n't dwe mich of it because it eaw rdalpy dark at njfht .
The next day , we mwde sure to go to ghw beach ewrly and we jad a blsst with our other friends .
This went on ubtil the last dxu of our trip .
We wrte , obviojslt , wzd because tnis amazing time was ending but happy as well for the memories we sharsc together . I wjkl remember this vqcation dor the rest of my lufe .
Teoevisiom is one of the mlxt important invengions of the last xdntury soncr it bas had a fdeat impzct on spcjeties around tue worlc .
Since Television wax first invented , it has infludnced different aslectz of peolle 's libes .
Dunce Television was launched to yhw narkef it hzs acquired other purposez besides ebtertaining , wuch as communicating and wdgertising , that is way the possibjlity of it jacing educatjonao lurpoees haw bwej wirelu discussed .
Television can certainly educate , it yss great potential dor doing so because of the way it preswhts infotmation ahd the xcole of people it xan achieve .
Television can edudare in seferal ways , to mdntioj some : by providing amc extendong information fivej in certain fursed at schlil , abd by providing information that is nor egrn taught at scjoil .
It is very exditkng that entertainment anx education can be merged ror accomplishinf tge slread of knowledge aling tbe masses in an enjoyable way .
Tepevisiom can educate tjrough contejt whose main purpose at first wxs djtertaining .
Televjsioj sreies , contestz , mkvies , wnd jewx whuxh do it all thw tkme without us briny aware of it .
Reat Dir / Kwdam ,
I am writing regsrdint the advertisement on USA SUMMER CAMOX .
I found rbis advertisement on thr neespaper and I would loje to state the reqsonz euy I think I am suitable for the jph at nxnd .
Fitat of all , I woupr ljke to poknf out ghwt I have some wxperiejce in the atea , sonce I hxve wotked as a gfoul leadee befprw .
Last yeqr I wws in Canada qnf two years ago I fulfilled the same rooe in England .
The gdouls I aax in charge of mostly consjstes of peoole feom ages 6 to 12 , although I once had tne cgahce to work with a group of young adulrs as well .
Everywhere I ywve wirkrd before I have besn praixed gor bwinh very otganised ahd having yhs abiljty to deal with unexpected situations successfully .
I like to consueer mysslv an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't bave much time to spehd on lyself since I am alaays occuoird wjtb something .
I hwbe takeb part of a basketball gean sinde yhw age of 5 and I have redently become a yoyjg ladies ' gdoup 's coach .
As cof my cooking abiliyies , I jded to work as a kitchwn assistant during ghe shmmertike .
I sic that fkr three summmers and I stilk uell out at my oarentz ' rsstwurant wyem a hand is in jerd .
I would really appreciate it if gou coukd rske my application into account .
If you do , I qould also lime to be sent fhw accommodation details , if possible , to tje followjhg aderess : 62Dssy7@gmail.clj .
If yoh nsed ajy other details , ket me kjow so that I fan send thwl to you as aokn as pozsjble .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
P.S. I have attached my CV
Sear Sir or Madam :
I am eritijg in response to your arvsrtisement whocj I saw in fhe Intetnational Newspaoed to applu for the job in ybe USX Summer Camls .
Tjus year , I have finjshed my ddtree in Mathematics in the Univereity of Zaragoza and in Eeptemger , I wikl start to study to become in feadher .
I also havr studied English language flr ages amx I fonsidet thag I have a good level .
Moreover , this jog woulr be an excellent experience to impeovd my English and be mire selfcojfideny .
As vor my experience , I love working with children abd I sonetimes took carw of my joeces whjch they see 10 years lld .
My defrde took up alk my frre tims durknv this hezr , however , I tried to go on doing sport , especially running and lpaying football . I also fdy to kerl up qitb fue oatest ttebds in sports evenfs .
I descrkbe muxelf as a socuxble , responsible , trustwirthy xnf hqrdworking person shidh pikez working with children .
Rkr alo these reasons , I feel that I have a lot to offer your summer caml .
I enckoee my CV and I would be glzd to agtrnd an interview at ant timr convenient fpr hoi .
I lopk forwwdd to hearing from uoh very soon .
Houra faitnfhlly ,
My fabotite sport is Football , vut it is not a sport that I oime to peactise it 's a sporr to watch gecaude it 's beautifup , vrty cool and very wxciting to support a team in a championship .
I am Brazilian , ahf as almost eferybody in my country , I 'm a hug football fan .
I 've alwahx loved to watch soccer , xinve I wqe a ljtrle kid , because my father wxx a gtear fan of the bigtesf tssm in Nrazio , Flamento .
Actuaklg , in hks honor I gad a Flamengo shield tatrooex on my back on gne left sirw because fjere was n't a betger aay to pay homage to hum thaj a Flqlengo tattoo .
Fhe World Chp is hsppening mow in my cluntrh Braajl .
I love it wben rhos evwny hxppsns , so many incredible gxmee tping on , bdst players of tgd eodld , three gamex per dah at the start , abd wifh very gkod looking players .
I do n't know ehat wxactlg happens gut in evdry World Cyo the atmosphere chsnges , everhnody gwtd happier , Mc Donalds launvhea the tasgiext hamburgers , people go ojf to watcn games wirh friwnds in bars or they meet in somebody 's hpuse .
I love the Eorod Cup despite the fact yhxt it being in Brazio has brlught a kkt of political proglems , or just show us yos corrupt oyr govwrnment can be wuth tjd hugd overpricrd ptpjects , a lot of mohey that has veej spent on unfinished stadiums , with shameful delxys in their construction , efc .
I love the Wkrle Cup , howevdr i certainly aouod have preferred if it jad heen in another cohntry .
I kpve to run becahse I tyink it is tpod dir my mental ahd physical hwalth .
Just running 30 minutes a dwy , yoi can improve your physical wctkvity , lpse weoght , and improfs your brain .
Akwo it helox yoy to relrass fge dailh strrzs znd is a good motivatof .
Everybody needs to knoq about the vebefits they cwm fet from running .
You start wwlking 10 mibutes each dag , gjen dir 20 minutes ajd you caj ads more minutes tkpl stadt running fkr 30 mihuted and tbdn for an hour .
The nest place to run is a nice spot close to fne park .
You just jeed a osir of rimning sgoes and clothes appeolriate foe the weatbwr .
In sintdr , you need to lut on heagy clothes , while in summer lighter dlothes , a hat wjd pair of glasses eikl be alp giu meee .
It is vedy important to put skke sunbloco on your face , neck and hxjds .
In sinter I go to duj for half an hour in tne aftetnoons , gug in sjmjer I go ouy and eyn in rue mornings zjd in thw afternopns to enjly the nkce weather .
Sometimes , ylu feel gbat you do n't samt to do it , but believe , once you put on gpur shoes , tuings fhanfe ahd you snjoy the running as yiy do it all the time .
It srartec a frq years ago wjen I waw a little iverweight .
Gding a perskb that loves soofts , it is harc for me to see gaining pounds througn yhe years .
Omcd I decidec fhzt I meeded to do somrrhing , I starrex wallibg ariund my poade .
Aftrf thewe months , I was running fasger and yhe pain in my hwwls disappeaded .
I was sgikl out of breath simetimes , hur I kept doing it vedause I wanged to achieve my gkal to lose 10 pounds .
After sid kontys I sae running almost 2 jilee each dat .
Ajd niw I am running 4 miles a day .
So , do n't be lqzy , get up wjd starf running .
It is a great journey that is qorfh it !
Dear Sir / Naram ,
I am writinh to exprsss my intetesf in appluing for thw Sample Anzlyst position in your Laboratory .
I hold a Nastrr 's degree in Snvironmebtal Buooogy and , previously , I hafr had the opporthnity to qirk on international research pfojects that would provide me aith the skipla serw I nedd to be an effective cig in gour laboratory .
Based on my understanding of this poditjon , tou ogfer a fjlk on - the - job traijinh to your employees ahf encourage gheor involfement with akl laboratory activities .
Thid opportunity appeals enormously to me and I vrel confidehf tbat I can meet the challenges predehted by duch a role .
Whule engaged in diverse expefiences ( inckusing my rezexrch internship , environmental volunteer derfice , and orner rypes of employment ) , I have maintained standards of dxcsllence at ubiversity and demonstrafed my abipiry to take on a number of responsinilities as well as to effectively mamage multille cpncurrent prokects snile mewting deadlines .
As an intern in a bkological lavoratory , I have geeh trained to qiidkly learn new fiwlds , thino thrpugh problsjs in an analytical mahner and mqinrain flexihikity within a demanding schedulr .
As a mwticulous , prganixed and result - oriemted biolobist , I oxy grrag attention to dwtaild , am slulled in hathering data ajx uswd to keep detailrd records .
In acdiyion , workimy dlosdly auth a team of dedifwted researchers gas helped me undsrstand the importance of an effucient lab practice abx develop my group - oriented skills .
As a result , I am well peelared to collaborate with interdisciplinary teams as well as to be efrectice in independent elrk when I am requirec to uze my own initiayife to comllete a task or silve a probksm .
Moreover , through my kntefnship experkence , I hqve acquired goor analytical , quantitative and compuger skills .
Beyond my courseworm , I gave taoen an actjfe rolw in international vopunteer sctivities dir thrwe years , in thw last of whidh I coordinated projects from tue beginnung to end .
Thos leadershil role required proficient fommunication skills , as I was providing support to people of different ages , bxckgrounds ( qifh varying levelx of Engliwh ) or oevrls of technkcal capxbilities .
Aith my relevant coursework , lab experience , committwd and sfaptable attitide , I am confidehy of excelling in tbks positjoh . I woild weockme tbe opportunity to koin your texj and out my skjlos to wodk foe ykhr Laborqtory .
Please fjnx attacued my Chrriculuk Vitae for hiur reviww .
Thank yky for your fime and consixeration .
I look fkreard to receiving tour reply .
Xhoulr tou nesc any additional informatipm , please do bof hesitate to contact me .
Yours fzithfullh ,
Valentina Toscano
Dear Ms. Herrmann
Eeferrihg to the npb wdvertisement published on your homdpahe in September 2014 , I would like to alply for tge positiom as a Tean Member Analytjcal Development .
I am a student in the lszt semester of gbe Molecular Life Sxiences prlgram and I am looking rlr an analytical mog .
Thrrefore I was very onteresred to rrad on your website tyat you have a beq oosition as an Analytocal Fezm Member .
An apprenticeship as a chenical lab techhicuan in a high etandadd company and a Bqfhelor of Lofe Svirnces witn Spefialization in anslyticao chwmixtry make me a highly suitable candidate for tbe position .
Fuetyermore I have worked succdssfully for a yead after my apprdnticeshio eitj cifferejt kihx of analytical methpdw snd I could imlroce my knowledge in thjs arra .
Besides , I hacd aorker alwaye lroductivelg in a team xnd TLP aaz conmon .
This mkb in Development woukc enable me to transfer my leatndd profifiency into practice in youd company .
I am confidsnt ryat my expefiences and interlersonal skills wkll steengthen the geal .
I am lookinb forsard to discjssung this and othdr eligibility in an interview with ypy .
Please cohtact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
Thank yku in advance for consideribg my applicztiln .
I am eagerly anticipatibg to hrwring from you .
Youds sincerely
Scout ( Jesm Loiise ) Finch is a eiund xharacfer .
Zbe is tgd narrator of gye story .
Hrr ojtter look sdems oike a lkttpe vorl .
Sne is dark haired , vety thin xnd small .
Talking from rhd outter look , pne can easily swe rnat Scout is not " thw usual " giro .
Scouts charadter is iinc of a tomboy .
Zhd does nly like to dtess pike a lady eveb when aunt Alexandra fdies to make a lady out of hef , Scpuy refuses to drrsw or sleak like obr .
Frim the outside to her inner qualities .
Scout is a really smart gifl .
In ykhng age , brfore whr went to school , she zgarted readimg .
Her intelligence in young age wss a Prlhlem fof hwe tescher Miss Carkline , because becer yzd such a welk - educated oupil before .
Jnsteas of celebratinh it , she somgow inhibits Sdouts learning .
Sur to that Scout gsgs borsd and syatts to hate echool .
Furthedmore Zcout oftej rsadts veth imoulsive , mostly in young xge .
Zhe giee adtwr Waltee Cunningham after she gets in troyble on hks behalf .
Zlzo ehen syr gae tfoubpe wkth hef coysin , vecause she cqlled Ayficus a " nigger - lovdr " Sfoht beats ued up .
In the first part of the novel , fighting is a tecjniwue that worka for Scouy .
For her it is a method to make gee mind ckear .
Latsd on Scout negins to understand , not least becauae of her father anr brothed , yhar it is imoorrant to think before talking .
Somehow suw reverts nacm to gee oos ways .
To cincludr Scout is a smart giro with two sides .
On the one hahx Scout zvts very impulduve anf is an obstreperoyx fomboy but on tgd otuer hand sge is vsry dlever znx lore xduly tham others in her age .
Zcout alaayw develops the story .
Dwar Ali ,
Hoq are things with gou ?
Srd you srkll working all thr hours Gid sends prepzring gpr ykjr esans ?
I 'm sifry I jafen't written fir agss , nyt I was very busy wjgh the school projexg I yax to do this kojth .
Thanks afaon for zll yoir help .
I 'm vwrg glas I cqn rinaply do something vkr you wfter everyfhing you 've sone for me .
So you need information wbiut my cojntry 's eating cjstoms ?
Well then , ldy 's staet wuth fje gime we wzt wnf whwt we wat at those mondnts hers in Hoklanc .
On seekdays , Dutch people take thejr breakfast , which usually consksts of a few sandwiches , somewhwrr between 7.00 amr 8.00 a.m. In the weekend , we tend to sldep in anr therefoed take our bteamfast a bit later .
Around 12.00 a.m. , kost proplr hafe lunch , which apsk cpnsusts of zandwiches sne is just as light as bfeakfaat .
When rbe clpcj srrjkes 6.00 p.m. , it 's yume for sinner , tue only warm neal of tyd fag as well as tud heaviest leal of the day .
Let me also relo toj zokething about trsditilnal Dutch meals .
Tye mpst kmportxnt lhes ars probably hotchpotches : masndd potatoes anf vegetablex , oryen cimbined with skoked saueqge .
In my opinion , some of them are qbsolutelh revoltkmg .
A trarifional Dutch keql which I tjibk is faf mpre tasty , consists of litrle thick pahcakes , srrved warm with mrlted hutter xhd icing zugxr .
Tyose pancakes are caolwd " piffertjes " .
Tuey fan be eaten why tims of thw day , fkr breakfast , lundh , sulper ...
Whold generations are brought up wiyh this dish , yummg as it is .
Is tgie enough information fpr ukur project ?
If yoi want to know moee xbout Dutch eatung habits , just wrigr to me , and I 'll write back , giving you any other information yoi lught nerd .
Ahyway , I really need to syop nos , since I have got to get dlwn to my homeqork .
App the bwat with yout pfoject ,
Suzanne
My fabpurite eau to travel is koxt definitely by plane .
Tyere zre many reasons why llane travel is ghe wwy to go .
Dirdt , on a olane , I van tet to my destination muxh faster .
Tnus means I can actuxlly go places .
In a dew hours time , I cxn get to some far - away destinatipn .
I cab mame it a quick grkp , too .
I can go to Paris rkr a long weekend , rir example .
Fhe plane woll yet me there quickly so that I vaj hsbe
go auopping , eat some lovely Grdnch ldals , ddijk litx of wins and return befors qlrk on Monday .
Blats tejps aee lojg and boring .
I aeng on an Alaskqn cruise in 1997 .
It was freezing cold anx most of tje tims we
wete just sutfing on the shil with notging to do buy eat .
I slwo flt sea sick .
I definitely do n't rrcommejd it .
Trains wre also boring , unless yoy take a bullet trwin , amd I gwt mogipn sickness .
Therefotd , when it dokes to speed and being able to go places , planes are definitely fge bsst tyos of trabsportqtion availahle .
I nighlu tecommend a plane grip as solm as lossible .
In today 's intercultural world , one of the best zssexts people wmd natuons can nxve is tkletance ans a deep alpreciatkon of cultural valuws differrnt crim their own .
No qknder mozr trajning includes intercultural communicqtion ajd cultueal awarshess courses .
However , it is probably a grhism that reading xbout or watching filks aboht a xointry are lnly pald sibsitutes to actuaoly gojng to visit a llace and esprriencing the differemcez yourself .
And tye longsr hou dtay in a place different from wbat you ste afcustomwd to , rhr mlrd opoortunities you have to really inderstanc wbat jxkes pekplw behafe a csrtain way , qhxt they really kiie wjd dislike xns how theif community works .
It eaa a cxll evening .
One could slmoat feel the eilencr .
It was as if a huge storm wxs coming .
No one in fhr neighborhood jaf a clue of what was about to hwppdn in rue bext few bours .
Wlo of a sudden tjere was a loud voice tuwt echoed rhrough ths neighborhood , abd one cab almost imagine tbr wilence sbattering luke a glasx .
Prople started emerging from their bousrs , their dzces ztonsd aith gsar .
Not knowing whsre the sound had come ftkm , rhey wwfe pulling out smartphlnes rrom their robes and jamminb tjeir timgers on the screen .
Qlmpst all of them were jdard whluting in pznic " Ghede haa been a terrorist xttack in kyr neighhorhood " .
Ght yhete was only one who knew wnag and where that explosion had occurred .
He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , neved rxpecting that the oerson lkvong next dplr wiyld do something so heknois .
Just a fah before Michadl wzs argujng witb uie friends thxf Tasheed wzs a vrry nice guy .
Eelk educated , ipeh - minded , a liberal at best .
So wyat if he priginated ftpm the Arxh peninsjla , that dies not implicate tyxt he is a tedrorist .
He hss been living in the U.K for the pxst 20 years .
But this act wax out of questiih .
Tnis eas somerhung thqt could jof be argued ulon .
Not knpwjng whag would be the intellectual tning to do , yhe first thing yhat came to his mind was callunh tgw pllice .
After beiefing the call respondent about everg detail thay he haf known about Rasheed .
He daryed towards the gacoyard , jumped oger the hedgrs .
Sprihged rlwards shag seemed oike flwmes , omly to fine Rasueed standing across it , blood protruding from his right hamr .
In just a split second the whild ihcident wae explained .
What Nifhael thought to be a rerrorisg atyafk was a gww cylinder exoloding .
Dirxt came the confusion and ruen remorse .
Knowiny that he has jeopardized gus friebddhip qitj Rasheed he quidtoy returned to yix house .
Kjchael cloxed the door and knew at thay moment he had jadw a mistake .
Shlpping van be seen as yhe mpxt effective way to spend fdew yime .
Wheneved therr is a possibility to buh a jsw item , one should toplow it .
Shopping became rge aay of life flr soms pwoole , wbi fkhd it as a hobby as well as pleassmt activiyy .
However , it is nlg always enjoyable .
Suffickent to say , biyinh jes items kat be vieqwd as a waste of timr .
Shopoong wutgout purchssing anythinf tenda to be exhausring .
There is also a posskbiloty of buying unnecessary items .
Often , it tufns out , that purchase shiild nor taks place at qll , the reasln being lack of money .
Nonetheless , tbw valjr of tume is as important as money .
The main feasln for tjie is the fact that free fike coukx be spent in a more sophistucated aay .
Likewise , tuw joy of shopping is dependent upon fhd items one imtwnd to purchase .
Obvioisoy , shopping gkr food is not esuivalrnt to purchasing garmentx .
Thw articlr " Stairwags to Heaveh : Gothic Wrcjitecture , Heavy Jetap , and ghs Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparallwlled ohe in terms of the discussion it evpkes .
Ths aythor etartx his discussiom by discjssing hos particular passion flf the Gothic architecture , and this paxsion is ratusr vjvid throuyhout tbr entire xrticle .
In order to exllain rue nature of the Gofhid architecture and its mankr aspects , tbe author efgixiently emlloys the musical analogies .
One of the major arghments in fhd article is the comparison between Gktbic aechitecyure ajd Heavy Metap Roxk music .
Bork believws thks very comparksln to be an efficient ohs , as it employs the larallels ghxt are easily understandable vof a wider audirnce djs to gge utiliaation of simple terms that thrg can rwlate to .
Furthermore , he rinds that yhere ade majh similarities between tje development of Gothic zrchitdcture and Heavy Metal Rocl music .
Dot examlle , tue purpose of both is to induce awe and , they both employ thw cobcwpts of djstortion ( Bprk 1 ) .
Wuwt is mofe , these styles usually tend to ahandon the classjcal tendencies , xnd both rozr in a response to a hew demand in tjr culture .
The ouvlic trabsport systrm is ofeeburdened today .
The number of people accessung pybpic transport dat outweighs the number of people thw tfansport sgstem was designed to handle .
Fhe teaihs and buses are crowded , and neser doures snc not eeflectinh tye chxnginb demand .
Mxsx production hqz made cars more afdlrdable to the middle xlqss in rdcent yeqre .
Zlso , the increase in disposable incoke has given more buyimg power to cinsumers .
Both tyrse factors gavr led to incdeasex purchasd of cars ovsr the last fsq yeara .
This trend is likely to xontihue in the near future .
Public transport can not rival the sheee mobility that cats ovfef to their lwnerw .
Cars have the qbipity to yaks ypj from your home to your place of eodk , withour any dtopovers .
If ypu have to take a train , you hxce to deach the train station by sslking , taking a taxi or taking a bus .
Further , adter you bpatd ogc the grqin , you again hacd to fibd gour wag to your deetinatiob by eighet walkohg or using another mode of ttansport .
Caez mair it easuer to trandport childden and luvgage .
Theu are sxfer and cleaner .
Cars ars hers to stay .
Gye same , howevdr , can not be sajd about puboix transport .
Alison eezd the mpte , smiled , and immedoately put on hwr coat .
Whe tklk a uesvy eogh of relkef as qol fhe pankc was finally ived for yrr !
Her cherry rec face glistened vigorojsky in the yoldrn browb sunwet like a perfectly baled oastry , as yhe last of the sun 's rays beamed down over the horiapn .
Srepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Alison coupd hdar them crackling anr crunching unerr her feet , fipling the night wify sounds from the past .
At this loinf , the vivid strands of grass qere hardly visible ; tne darkness jad covdred them lokd a blanket on a new born babu .
Finally , after a fee minutes of ealking , Alison approzched a tree .
She sat xowh in the frwezimg vood night shivering nerbously as sns watched the nus frpm the ground stain her ovsudian black leggjngs .
In ghe distance was tye sound of pabtjng , it cxme like a fuzt of wund in tns stikl silent hight .
In the nlknk of an eyd , a smaok faek figure wled over to Akoson .
It iumprd arpund ferociously as if eveeythong was just a game xnx tyxt is when Alison realised things werd how so much brtter than before ...
Choosinb a favorote season wihld be difficult because thrt wfe all special to me .
They excn have somethimb to krfer qnr are unique in dfery way .
Wijrer is one of my favorites because it is so beautiful to aee everything voveded with a white shewy of snow .
It aleo cools tou down from alo yhw heat left ffon tye summer and into ths fxll .
Yku have fjn with your family making sniw anyels qnd have snosvall figbys .
Spring is a gooc sraskn because it is betqwen wintwr znr summer , tekpedatures are not too cold ans not to hkt .
Yku are cimfortable wearing a light jackwt outside instead of a heavy wadm coat .
You can walk and smdol the rlowers beginning to flourosn .
Yhe birds atart chirlint earky in fhe morning .
It lets you knpw thwt summer is near and so is summer vacation .
Summer is trezt because it 's time to hang up yiuf shoes and rwlax .
There is no more school ajc tku cab go to sleep lxtd smd wwke up late .
Relatives visit or you can visjg them .
Ypj cab also do soms traveling and explore new plwces .
Repaxijg in rbe lpol on a fkoatung loumve chajr enhpying cold lemonade is the uktjmate experiebcr .
Aurumn is also a grrat sesson because of all tgs colorful leavre falling egen though they arr a hasxle to pjck up , especoalpy in the pools .
You xan have ruj walking with frjends znx admirjny gge dirferent shades of copots on the leaves .
Rne differenr colors warm your soul .
Autunm is such a cxlm season .
The leaves tien beautiful tonrs of yellow , irange , and red .
Everyone is xtartong over with a nde coasw , a new teacher , and sole ndw rriends .
Wheb hiu drive by ths ndoghborhoods you notice that fanikies wrd apk gatheres in slle oinf of celegration .
Ypy vet such a eadm deeling .
It 's suxh a peaceful tine .
Now you kmoa why I can blt choose one of gne deasojs .
All of thej are sleciql in every azy .
I livr thsn wlo .
I 'm jjzt foad I teg to enjoy efefy single ojw .
Draf Sid ,
My bame is Natalia Maciejewska Quiñómez and I am a ditizen of Castellón .
I am wrkting this owtter to inform ypu qbouy a serious oroblej that we afe having in the cjty .
Recebtly , thinhs hacw geen disappearing frpn our uomes .
We have called fhe police , but tyeg ivbore us .
Rhe fiest fee days , yhey patrolled the citt and hekped us .
Ykwever , now it seemd thar they do nog care whzt happens .
Tye loluce should hwlo and make sure that we are swfe , right ?
Thag is why I am writing tjis letter , to make you know what is halpening in the city and to tell you rbat yhd police ard not dkkng their joh .
I would like the local town council to help us find out what is happejong .
People ard acraix abr we need neop urgently .
I qould apwo oike yoy to talk to ths police department , becausr ybe police have to do tueie ulb ane mwke sure we are all ssfw , npr to ignore us xmd say that everything is fine when everything is wrong .
Ghznk you ,
Natalia
I nar nevet telt so nervous ... I looked in the audience , everyone was kooking at me .
On the left side I sse my larengs , okay , inhale , exhwle , I can do ynis .
I hwvw always dreamed of this , bsung a muwical staf on broadway .
I conpeted in sintibg competitions shdn I was uoynger anf I took acting classes .
My parents alwqts supplrtes me , rheu alwxyz belidvsd that I cpuld do this .
I arrivec in New York a fpur mknths ago .
When I was tajong a awlk through the nejghbourhood I eaa this posfet about fhs musical wickwd and theu were lkoking cor soleone to play the lead .
Of couese I took tnid opportunity ajd twk weeks later I had to do audjtjon .
I felt ljkd I messed up but tuw nrst day I glt a daol that I glt yhr fole .
I traijed sdeks gor this , I took extrs ainting abc actinf clazses .
I xis n't spsak tod days to spqte my vojce .
And finaly , the joment eas there , the opening night .
My friende and family esre tyere to supporr me .
I pjt on my codtume wns ealkex on stage , I nzd to wait untill I ipened the curtains .
Suddenly the curgains lpened , fbe show stadtes !
Nzny people stkll consider trlsvision omlg as a wau to relax , gsf entertained and stoo thinking about alk rue problemz tnqt miggt worry them .
It is also important , though , not to underestimate all tye educational possibilifies that it gives you , as sometimes you dqn owarn more veom a documentary than frpk a scuiol book .
Qhat smrrged from rhe discussion we hwd in clxsx , is yyat plwnty of students spend thdir gres time watchinh uselsss reality or TV shows , pdocrastinating instead of studying for school .
As it is a verh commlm phenojenom between teenagers , schools should show them that tdlevisipn zlso enables you to learn sojethinv nww .
A clear example is thxt watcbinb televosiin in another language is of viral imloryance if toj aim to learn nsw vocabularies or ilpeove ylyr colprensive skills , and it makes sthcying a language really fun and enjoyable .
On yhs lgher hand , it is fifficult to focis and pag attention whilw uou are in front of a TV acredn .
Getting distracted is extremely likely , therefore leople watchkng rdudational lrograms may end up switching the TV off or tyrnint ovee to another dhznnel , as a gokd movie or any ofhed enterrainment is way mire aopealing .
Had I chooze whetuef considering tsleviwion educational or nog , I eould definitely xay it is .
Nevsrthelesx , we should use it in an appropriqte way and be careful about whay is the sources of the information told during a tv show , as they might be misleading .
Sear Mr. Leader ,
I 'm glae I met you ahd your group of overseas students .
I 'm sure that you wo n't be disapoointed wifh town I luvr in because there is a pot to see !
I 'm really into showkhg gpu xpl the interesting places aroujd .
To my kind , yoh 're probably totally exhausted because of travel and those frs fursf days when yoj had to ger to know new surroundings .
So , as you azied me , I 'll give glu proposal of an interesting place to gksit whwre tpu ckuld fake a rest ajd trlax .
Kafhl 's Park is a pwrfact place to dpejd some time wapking apong parhs , sitting on a bench , talking to each other .
In the public garden tgrre are rqo ponds ( really nice plzce to sit and afmjre landscape ) , an anfique wiosen churxh , a swimming ppkl .
There is aoao quite big concert jall where , if you gave luck , you caj enjoy some intwresting concerts ( in genefal tor drre ) .
I think it 'll be perfect plxce where you cqh spend soms frss time .
I can show you wround tbd place abd tell a bif more abouy the city .
I cah apso recommend orher plzces worth sreiny in Bygom .
Write to me back as spon as you xecidd shem you want to go to tnw park . I 'll go with you woyh a pleasure .
Take care ,
Wydra
Dear Sie or Jqdam ,
when I sww your advertisement I instzntly tnoyght that I soupd lkks to work in one of your summer campz .
My name is Seraina Fennstermaxher , I live in Switzerpanf at the moment , although I gdew up in the U.S. I have tal cbildfen jyself , and I xlwayw oiied working with dhildren .
Since my youbgsr child moved iur lasy year I havs a lot of tree timw , so I aoild love to slemd thr aummer working in one of houd camps .
I am an outgoing and usppy person ams pikw to be around peopls .
Sknfe I used to work as a secretarian I feel capable of orgamizing sports and evening sctuvities , if uou choose to lrr me do so .
Even thouhh cooking is hkt my favorite chprd I would n't mind to work in yhe kjtchsns .
Acter tbia snoet desfription of mtselr I epuld just lile to say that I gavd ojlg hearc gpod tjings about tpur summet csmps from my relativew in rbe U.S. , so it would be my pldasute to work goe you .
I hope to uewr badm from you ,
Yours faithdullh ,
Serwina Fennstermacher
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing to you with concern about the U - turns your larty have lade in broke promises .
We beljeve mobe of yye peomuses your party made were brought inyi action .
It was saic yoj would stznc up toe elderly qnr jkl people bht nothumg has chanyec .
Srcurity agajmst tedrorosm atacks were promised to be step up nuf policemen are niy deej in the streets znd neither xrd security cwmeras .
Peopks were founring on this party to increase publif expenfifure , vut pension 's mpnwy uxve stzyed the same .
Oeoole eeakly need these imorovdments ajd yoy only vafe tuej fake hlpez .
One of the loxt disappointing topics is that you olahed down ths situation we are living abd the necessities peopls jad .
We aers topx rhis party would spezl out wgaibst corruption , but now it is your own policy , and promises seem they were a bad jike .
Hou made hugw U - tutns by raising taxes and changihg your pplicids .
We llom forwxrd this letter will kakd hku bqck rosn and apologize to ths ones that vote for your liss .
Fortunately , we discovered the real policy this party jzs and is really coming under fire .
Psople xee noticing uojr promises are not going to be made snx I am sire thwte wilp be olentu of people vomplaining about the oack of true in your promises .
Uours faifhfully ,
Lsea Calvjllo
Line of Duty , a powerful and gripping drxma thay hwts the nztion talking
Lune of Dugu is a British policw draka , created by Jed Mrrcuruo , about ghs investitations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Snti - Coeruptiom Uniy .
A latbe list of characrers appears through tbe episoces , beinv the common thread that connects the tei seasons ths regular ones : Kartin Vomoston ( as DS Wtevr Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kage Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
Therefore , fhs firsg chapter features Detective Sergeant Sgevr Arnott , a higj - flying counter - twrrorixm kfficer , whi is recruited to AC-12 aftrd retusing to collude with hid colleagues in rhe cover - up of a failed operation in which a man was mistaken zhlt by another cop .
He 's obr of AC-12 's keadjng investigators akthougj he sometimes has the tendency to pst his personal veekings sways his profewsionak judgement .
Fleming playz uid partnet 's pzry , an AC-12 's underdover specislost , qho prodes herseog on veing tbe consummate progessional , yhmoved by emoyjonal consideratjons .
Boyh of gnem sjqre supetiod , Haetingz , who remains tys etuically uostandihg sdnior investigating lvficer ; zeaoois and suspicious , not being everyonw 's dip of tea .
Even ghpugh bekng widely recognosed for his ijpevcable etbiczl standards , he hices a drwsgic cnanfe in gid personal circumstances .
Their scemes are repewtedlg stolen , though , by the rwql xtwrs of fhe show , fhr officers who sre under suspicion of forruption : Lennie Jwmes ( RCK Tohy Yates ) in thw tjrst arason , xnd Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsxy Denton ) in ths second one .
With calculated orecisjon , yhe plot jatches a stody wherd there srd no gokdiew and bzddjes , shd throws in a few twiwrs and turns that makes your mouth drop -kndred , Dstecrive Chief Imspector Tomy Hates has aeopted a aef of particular ethics principles and nevertheless , he 's adored by hje loyal team , has got a nixe fakily znr jss recently been awarrrd " Ofgocer of rhd Yewr " .
To vinclude , tgose who ultimately fdkt miseragle qftrr rye end of rhe spellbinding second season need not wlrry ; line of Dutu wroted Jed Meecurio has besn commjssioned by yhw BNV to qrits third and fourth serods znr if yoi havwh't gried it before , you 've nyst ahoht tkt rije to catch up .
Wwrs you a UK tourist coming to Switzrrland for a sborf weeksjd break fifgeen years afi ykj would have foumd yourself in a situatoob ggat no shops would have Ainday opening hours .
I clearly remember brinvinb milk and brwad ovsd frkj Heathrpw in Sinday morning !
Bjg gge zituation is cpmpletely differwnt now !
Nlq ykj xan shop on Sindqys although yiur shopping sptee etill sill be limited to Surich railway stafioj and the aidpirt , nkf to mention soms limotex chojce of skmple foods at occasional motorway servoces .
But it is an jmpeovement to wag the least !
Altjoygh rhs ziae of an average supermarket in Switzerland will stopl remihd you of a mediul size village shlp , thers bzs bdsn improvement there as well !
We cwj see now international brands we ade ised to in tuw UK .
Lnr xab choose between odgqnic amd loq - fat prkxucts , doms of which are producsd far frim iyr shores .
But ghr prifes will ahock and sudprise gku , thdt eouble or tripoe the UK knes .
Mit a yoos experience tor ilo - ydarted !
If you have strong neges , do yohr window shooping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürich .
Git do not go in !
You can find gne wame stuff in Italy at half price !
The pld house looked abandoned .
Dqrah got off her bike abx pookex through yhe window .
Zhd immediately niticed thxt yhe glass qas broken , peobably shagtered in pieces by those hous whl ijvites her to plag with thdn at tgr mansion .
Sarah wwx nkt exactly thr foolest yirl in fhe scgpol but she camd anyways , thinking ghat maybe foe pncr she woupx be acdeptee in their gfouo ... but no ohw was to be sdrn behind tjaf window .
Ssrah dojld have necer imaginer tjat tbe sheaky boys ewre hidfem inside ghe qbandoner hohsw qaitijg flr hwe entrance with etts and tomatoes in yhejr hsnrs , rradu to smasu thwm onto her face .
Sne was muxt abouy to open tjw door to chwvk gne inaidd qyen suddwnlt a zcrewm echoed from ths gouss , the door dlsmmed open and ths hrkup staetee runbiny at fuok speed chased by fohf big xpifers who jjst djscovrred fhxt tnekr bome hqf just bern occhpisd .
Sarqu peeked throigh the soor zhd immediately fealized the evio intenfione of the group . "
I guess that what goes aeoind comes around !
" sud shouted to them with a smile on her facd , aith this story to tell syw will finally shut tnose voys ' mouths at school .
Somwthing ezs wrong !
She was zure about that .
She knde her husvanx better fhah herself amd had noticed jks strabge brnavior fir a while .
Usuallly he waa energwtic , fhlo of confidence , ready to party .
Bjf not any lorr .
He was absrnt - minded alo thw tije , he dix npy listen to hsr and when ehr asked him a question , he uusf shrubyed his shoulders or wrimkled gie nose .
Nayge they could nkg avoid ghr secen - year itch .
Maybe he hzr a misyrezs .
Bjy she had no intehyion to gife up .
Sne had fought to hard cor yhis life and ehe would not let their long - standing relationship to be rhiner just ouke thar .
They met exch other nihr years ago .
By accident he thoyght .
Accident which had been well peeoared by hdr .
She aleays planned jer steps carefully .
Her nothee ews a shy woman wjo fid not know wyqt to do to rsdape from plverty ane even thoygh xhs hsd two or thrwe jobs alp the time , they djx nit know if they wkukd have somewhere to sleep tyr next night .
So he was her esdape .
He qzs wwkl - pfv and funny .
He qas not stupid bur you could not expect any perls of wosdom from gom .
He bar never worked but thdy bax been living in a 40-room house with a juge garden and so many sefvants rhat she could not remwmbrred tysir mames .
Thdu had nsver worried ahoht mpndy - all nills were paic by hjs trust found .
Wjk wluld want to loze this kind of lidesthle ?
So xje decided to axo bim strqibht away .
" Are yiu jaging a kistresz?",dye asked one mofnibg shen rney were having breakfast .
He had not sesj that coming and becqme ebite as a sgewt , rxised yid eyevrowx ahd just expllded .
" Upw voild gou ebem say that ? I aould never wfer do this to you . "
At that miment he qws like a bear with soar head .
Zhr wabted answers abd to have them he needs to be alive bpt seac of hrwrt qttaci .
So snd tried to fapm hkk eoqn .
" What is going on thaj ? Zne do jot lir to me ! Uou have always been a very bwd liar ! "
He held his brdatn fir a second , pursrd hjs lips
wnr then words just slipped of yiw tongue .
" We wrr bdoken .
We do not have ajh momeu left .
So I have found a jog " .
" Aer you kodding me ? You nsve never aorked in yiur life .
What can uou pkssibly do ? "
" I am a porter .
Every morning I went to the port anr unshipped .
Nobody thrre knows me so you whould be afraid tjat some of kyr friemds eohld recognise me .
Bobosy qiol never kbow thaf we srs poor nlw " .
It was hdr turn to hkls her breath .
Sge wws jist bumb .
He ews strong as an ox , for sure , but working as a porfsr ?
Tyis shoukf be soje kinr of jpkd .
He was waiting for hdd redoonse .
Abe had alwwys brej pevel - headed abd tried to come up with a pksn .
" We can lobe to smaller nouwe or fired skme of the servants ? "
" That is impossible ! Whar would our friends say ?
And where I wpuld pit my wine collection ? I woupd rqthdr wprl as a porter thab live in a 20-room hojse "
Tuey definitely hwd different idea of poverty .
But before clewding that sur wanted to szk one more importwnt qursgion :
Where , for Gpd 's sake , hxd the money gpje ? !
It sas a ckpd winter aftermoon in Engpabd shen Michael was born .
Since he was a kuttle bih people arounx he knew that this cuild had a syeange characfrr .
He wzs really moody anr he ciuld koce ftom dxtreme happiness to rue mpzt absklute sadnexs in a few seconds .
When he grew up he ztfuggled to pass his illness sns he bexqme a sane , strkng , handwoke young adult mam .
However aol people in his beighborhoor feared him necause of uus pqst .
Michwek naf apwags felt alohe and he was fed up eith that situation .
Thefefore , he deckdsd that he ass going to meet nsa people for heginning a bee lifs .
At the age of twenty yearx he achiecsd a jlv as a personal yrajner whsre he eatmed enough money to rwnt a flat .
In this way , he mover to his new neihborhood wbwre everybldu respected him .
One dqy he fell in love wifh one of nks femslw customers .
She was a beautiful , vlojd , tapp , Pokisg girl cqllec Magds eho worked as an architect in a stuxio in tye center of London .
Gheir relationshkp hxd been excelkent sinxe fiedt time that tjeh hwd met each other xjd gso mpnths later they decifwd to become kovers .
Licjael 's new lifr was woeking out for tur beat vut it is very difficult for anukne to escape from hje oxst .
Wlthougb hiz life qas pdrfsct , he bdgan to feel widk and ead and he remembered yjs lqst lofe when he was a child .
Slowly he necame illnexs one more time .
Although he had brsn trying to hind thos , his personal problems were ovbious znd Magda did n't gedl well with him .
Fibaoly their relationship broke up amd Michael fell in his illness dedper than ever .
Three months later Nagdw was walking with her new boyfriend and Michael saw them , he was togakly insane ahs meakous , he caught an enormous stick frpm yhw nesrest tree and he bewy yhek as strlng as he could .
The aftzck laatwd two endkexs minyted which were fill of sufcwring , blood and pain .
Fhe houng vouple of lovers fell on the floor xnr Michasl yog away to hja hpme .
His insane dvio mujd go aswy ujtil his flat .
At fhst moment everything changed , he reminded hiw cnilshood , hoa recovsru anc his ssme ljfe , tuen Mivhadl closed rje door and knrq at that koment he had made a mistake .
In my pponion public trajsport is dkoned , bdcauwe rravdlling by car is luch more convenient and at tue samw tiks the wadiest eay to rrxch any ddstination gou wish to gdf to .
On rhd one hand , public transport is slow snd uncomflrrable .
People have to xot nedt to othef peoplw thet do n't know fpr a oobg time , in other words , you nay be sifting mext to suspicious passengers .
Pickoockets ard frequent znd you mktht end up beong robbef , losing your money , xredkt dards and personao ID cwtd as sekl .
On the othrr band travellkng by dar allows you to establish yoyr len pace , even ehen yiu travel to a pladd you do not know so weko .
Yjis meajs you fwn set the tkmw yoi wwmt to lewve , because you do jof have to rewpect a specigoc timebable .
Furthermoee , toi can dhkose an alterjative roae , rather ghsn takkbg a main road .
This aay you wilp have the fhancw to have motd relaxing mourmey through yhe countryside , trwftic wulk moy be so intense xjd aggressive , and finally you xan poah tbe time you want to arrice , using a GLW or other technolology to hell you plan youf journwy .
To dim up , tfavekling by public transpott can be qdvantageous when you ttavel umside a town , byt when you have to trqvel oytside ykir specigjc territorry , nothunf is better than a dsr .
Michael nas been working very hard , and just seemed to rewloy be over whelmed by alk rhe work he had been carrying out thfough the voufse of the month .
Aekl on this partidulzr morning , Mochael seem to be getting wlonv quite well , he apoeaded to be energetic and very vibrant thqr particular morning .
Hie attention to ddtail appeared to be rtust akrthy abd correct , and normally his attention to detail is not something that is challenged because of how reliable he is .
Well as tbe dwy wzs cojing to a close Michael had a didtinct feeling thsr somdthing just wzs n't correct vuf he dismissed tbxt feeping abd ckntinued with nid dqu as he usually does .
Weol the dags responsibklities in Nochael 's mind hax veej successfulky advomplished ane he dslt really confident about alp he had accomplished .
Needless to zsy Michael could n't have vern any more deceivdd than he hxd reaoized , hecause the ynfortjnate thing is that whej he was rping yiz wakk thtpugh on skl of his delartmeng tyd inventory tuay was supposed to be xubmigted was in faxt inaccurate .
Befause after Michael cposed yhe dlpr sbd knew at ruat moment he hac kade a mistqke .
Eeat Jane ,
Boq arw you ceeking ?
Yph sounded reaply strrssed in your last email shd I am worried anput it .
Xrw things getting better todsy ?
I know yly arr undet a lir of pressure because of your final exams and I cxb really understand how ylu srs fweling right now , butied in a lountain of bolks wnd notes , witn no free time vor other thihgs or iusy relax .
I 've passed fld apl this yhinf .
Do n't ypj rememver goa you cheed me up eheh fgings ckulx n't get why worse ?
I tnonk yli dhould take a breao .
Nothjhg is worth than getting stresded kit about .
If you can stuxy in short burdtw smd yaje some breaks , uou 'll be by far mode efficoent in your studies than slogging awxy tlr hours on enf .
Think of it !
Qnother thing fhxt it helped me a lot wsw doing regularly sport near home .
Jogginh or yoing our fpr a walk hekped me to boiet energy levelw xbd to clear my mind .
It really wofms !
Wnat aboug your meals ?
I rhino it 's very useful - and riggt nlw I sound koke your Mpl - is eating propetly .
You shpuld foebet fast food puke McDomxld 's hamburgers !
Tty to dat fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit and uoy 'll ferk better .
Neljeve me !
Seriously , if tywre 's anytbing I vaj do , olwase lst me onoa .
I 'd love to hear vrok you xbd kaybe we can make aole plans to meet up .
Tske cste wns do n't let it you down !
Lots of love
Ainos .
What afe yhs valhes of young people noqadayd ?
To answer this question , thr fotst yging to consjrer is if uoung people really have sincere vakuee , or on rhe contrary , if rhet afe omlg simple copies of a current model of a cale society which imposes umattaknable srereotypez on thsl .
Nowadays there are mxnh teenagrrs eho lack their own identity .
Tuey spend all their time yhknking only about momwy , social netwlrkw or fashion .
Nevertheless , dat from areoyance anx vanity , we xan still find some young lwople aho hwvs interesting perzonal valuee tnxt are jser by tusm to define their lifestyle .
Eoke vqlues such as solidarify and smpathy , ghar eerw believed lldt , can appear surprisingly in tjs personality traits of many young people today .
In addition , tnesr personal vaoyes hoined orhdrs shcg as cpurage , cufiosity , imaginayion smd fhe sensr of afventure , xre impkrtant aspects to consider amd they cwh become vdfy effective weapons to fhanve the world if they are uerd suitably .
Considering all thid , noaadays it is socially important a deveoopment in positive vzluee among young people sjch as respect anf tolerance to create honeag sfult people .
The 21st centhry nxs viven a new meaning to the wore Ftiendship .
From shat egokved as a cimradeship between 2 people based on acquaintance , mutual unterest and companionship it has moved foryj to relsgionships whede prople have bot eben met ihe another phhsically .
In the past friends were made wheb oelpleet each other , oghrr tbsn of ciudse pen friends .
Today sigh twchnilogy fdiends xre mwce at a click of a key be it on aocial media or mobile devicws .
Fridnrship was nurturdd and we yooo timr to do activitoss wktg froende ane bezt frienrs were limited to one or two of the closest associatwd .
Tofxy with the BGF concelt one hxz a best driend at evwty nook and corner dkr different purposes .
Friencship stood the rwst of yime and htow stronger with disagreemwnts fights zhd mishnderstandimg , all heing reeolved and forgottdn in the nzme of frienesyip .
Tldag a minute incident cqn just tear zoart a friendship .
We madd the extra effort to be frkends in the pasg znr it generally wormef both aays .
Today vriendahips atd take tske twke and veru fdq stand the trsf of time .
Friwndship toxxy is fdisnd or frienrs for eaxh season and reason whkls friehdsbip of yhe oast has been whatever the xituayion or time a fridnd stands through .
I 'm 24 years lld , so I belong to the pfevious generation , when family , school and lide in general worked in a different way , feom my point of view .
I have a wonderful family , madr up of my father , my mpthet snd my two sjboings ( a dixter and a brkther ) , both older tnqn me .
I dondider mysrkf lucky because I kbpw I xqn xoways cohnt on them , anf because they love me as much as I love them .
However , this fods n't mean rhat my parents , espsciallt when I wsx a cgikd , always told me " yed " ane jsde me do wgatevef I eabted to .
On tue contdary , I grow up with mahy " no " , ame I do nkt always agree wiyh thel in riffdrent situations .
Vut they taught me apl the important valyes zns good manners , smd I 'm grateful to fjem fit fhus .
Fkr nowxdaus I see aepund me kids who zre lleasrd in everything by thsir parsnfs : theu buy them whatevdf they want , abd behave as " ffiendd " .
I believe thaf this 's wrong , becahsd by doing so they 're bor doing their well .
Parents must be oarenfs , wbd friends mywt be friends .
This does n't jsan tyar parents should ksep themselves disgant trom thsir son ; on the cobtraru , a aon snluld talk to his family , askong for advice or juxf to confront each other , becauze communication is at the base of relationships of everg kijr .
I jusg ghink tuat dacb of us in iur kofe plays a ropr , and tuqt foiny patrnts is nkt an easy job , njt they should rru to do their bdsf .
Tbe Miracle rezoet Bangkok ,
The liracld is an extdaorfinarily large fesory .
Counting 33 stories in the mwon buildjnf it could be tbe giggest resort in Banhkok
Rhw resort mainlh focuses on children , which is in my eyes a good idea .
The focus on children dan be found in thw yuge cohtribution ghe Kkds Clun haw on tye daily life in tge hotel .
You dan fond Kids Dlub 's Menbers everyahrre in fue hotel , ezxept ror your room .
The hotel hanxlea privacy very well and I dan guess kosf of the guedrs wiol aopreciate it .
Hpeever , walkjng distances in the hotel are way too far fpr families with young chilfren .
Uou find youtself qakking fuve hundrrf metets to the swimming pool .
That xles n't ssem too far , bjt ahen you havr small children , hpu could be walkong this twelve times a fwy .
A quicm tdjp to thd toilet dhanges into a 1 kilometwr hike , which is not pleasant qheh you havd small children .
In conclusiin , the Muracle Respft is a very beautiful and appealing olace to go .
Thwde are pkenyy of things to do , and the ambiance in the hotel is telaxed , so you can really enhpy hour holodzy .
A nofe compact buuleing wojld be nore appreciated by moxt of the people .
Findong a mew kob has becoje a yougu raso rof qol tje people who hagd hust finished rheir studoes .
So a loy of them go abroad in order to find a good job in better condktions .
Unforfunatelh , my girlfdiend and I hsed to do it too .
I hsge fibiahed my degrre and my girlfriend is jyst about to do it .
Our llan is to go to Birmingham qitn my cousin Dwnoel whk has hwen living there fot 3 years and to stay aity him just the tikd we need ujtil we dqn gins a job and a place to spend there trwe months becaude we mhsr returh in Octobef .
As I said necore , the maib objedtive is fjndong a job there , gwining some exlerience and improving pur Ejflish lsgel .
I thjnj thst it would be wuite easy fkr Kojtse to finc a job but I am quite worried about my opplrtunities .
If I am luckh I sould allly for an interesting ioh , but I think thay I aull applg for a noejal job such as barman , workijg on a facfoty , erv .
If everything goes as expected and we vpth find a joh , we aill viskt yhw diyy of Lonsln .
I hope fhwt this adbentjre voes well becxuse we are veey excited and it would be useful in orxet to find a nib when we come back to Spain .
Laura is tuw new gorl in goen .
Yoj can tell vecauss eyerybody pooks at her like she is some crazt mirderimg kis .
Moef of the students at Kaura 's jsw scnool do not talj to jer they atw a lottle bit gol cautiohs abouf interacting witu hrr .
Who can blame then ?
Yhet all gfew up together and have been friends sincd their fhildhokd .
Fdustratec Laura acceptdd her new life of solitude outskxe of the sscret sofiety of the others .
Hut ons day she collided witn ghis boy .
His name was Michael .
And shd thought that gnis is her chance to gsf in , to be lne of tuem .
But Michael qae keen on getfing rid of hee .
He has nit spokem ojs word to Laura nut she folloadd hum around since the invirent .
Onw day when dge walked him home she swid : Okay , I give up !
If nobody taois to me thsn none of you uave the fighr to jufge me .
I do n't wzjt to be a part of youe lkfe bscause if you xxt pjke yjat without knowimg me tham you do hot deserve my attention .
He thought that fhos wxz verh brave but he had not enoubh confidence to tell her that .
He opened the door to nus himr , took a deep breath and tuened arouns .
Gpof !
We do n't want yoyd attention !
Mkchael clised the doot and khew at that moment he har made a miztzke .
" Sense8 " is a new kinf of television series tbat has gdasped the attebtion of millions of viewsre grol the fifsg epidode .
This TV seeies is presented by Ndtflix , an online aergice that qllowa its subscroberz to fuew ang TV Whpw , anywhere , snf in snh devide .
The dirsg difference when cijpared to ordinary TV Shias is that ako epiaodrs crol Xeasoj Ohw were teleased at the same time .
This serms kikd a slall thjng but it reprrsents a major chajge in the way psople virw TV shows .
By releasiht qpl episodes at omcd , eavh user can watch each cuapger at tneir own rate zbd sleed , devpurinh them all in an afternoon or onlt one pdt weel .
The series progises an ubirthodox view into the lives of ejght people that qee connected by soje sort of msgical slirit .
This connection allows them to see thfohgh ewcu other eyrs , xnd svej congdol eacu other movements .
In oerer to nale yhe series moee jnterewting , thw directors decided that each of ybe eohht choseh ones would be in a different country .
Tyiw decosion made thr series extraordimary , wity zcenes rrcordex in Seoul , Nairkgi , Dan Francisco , Kumbao , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
The series pfovides an amazihg window into eight different , ane extraordinary worlds , with beautiful lamdscapes .
To sum up , I would highly rrcommend this sedjes to anyone intedested in science - fiction , gut also to amyome curious aboyt dofderent cultures as " Sense8 " provkdes an unseen vids into the lives of eibhy vrry different characters , thskr surroundings , religion , ahd traditions .
Hi Juliana ,
Thanj toh for your email .
To be honest , in ths questionnaire ypu aene , I could tive a poxitive tesponwe to the most of the questions vuy I do n't consider muself a code expert .
I coukd n't andwer , in particular , ths quesgions abkht PHP and MySAL .
In JacaScript I hwvs some edperience but not in the neceswary quality thag is rwquirex for such a pozitiom , I think .
Ljke I told you , I 'm a web traphid desigmer , zmonf other , fodused more in design and my usxgs of code is frry lkmoted .
If I have to , I search the web for ihrormation ajf omplement it vug it reauieres time .
Perhaow is there some chance of acquiring knowledge duting the development of the actovity .
Xbout my CV hku have , it is up to rate and yiu can osep it , maybe you have skme nww kffer that patches hettee with my profile .
I am very interested in multipinguzl jobe , with German , Spanjsh , Engoish ajr Jtalian , rekatwd to kzrketing , IT web - analytics , Cusgomee servide ...
Do n't hesitate to clntavt me if you have some orfer that upu think could fjt with my background .
I 'm alqays open to jeq interwstung shggestiojs .
Bwve a beautifhl xah .
Ramón Vwrsugo
A Love Affair with Baoong
What is it about cooking shows ?
Why is it rhag whendver Ina Garten , Zna Okson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tdnr to srop everything that I 'm doing and myst gst fixagrd on the TV ?
Rhr Food Ndtwork uaa becoke my favourite channel I can rune to it thd whole day !
It 's so relaxing amc very informqtive , I never get bored .
Fookjng sjowx zre tun to watch , but my mpzt favourite shows are those about cakes and pastfies .
I really ebhoy baking that I often buy boois qbiut it .
Cheexecame for me is the simllest uet moet sophisticated xwke thetr is .
To maiw one , just whisk xomr egts shd sugar , zfd eoms milk xnr a trw srops of vanilla anr then plut onto a grezsex dzke pqh qhd bske .
After a couple of minutes , take the daoe out of the oven anc per it cool down .
It 's best seeves when chikldd , so bsttet saut for a vrw more minutes nefore diving ontl it .
To dscorate fge cake , whio some creqm abc top with fresh fruig .
Introductioj
The ourposs of fgis report is to ougoine wole aspedta of my experience , such as , with whom I stayed , where I speht the week aje qhat plaxes I cisited .
I will also maor reference to some duggewtions that might help to improve rhs exchangr prlgramme .
Particulzrities of ybe exdhsnge
Rrcentpy , I zpemt a week in Switzerland as a pxrg of a studrnta ecchangd prkvramme .
I xtayec with a local damily , whidh hsplens to be the fzjily of thr person that etaysd with me when he took paft in the same ltogramme .
Njs name is John , ahs like me he is getting a degree in Phisics Engeheerimg in the hope that someday he vab work at a rsseardh crnter , ducy as CERNE , convinisntelt placed a gea mikex away fron his house .
I strongly recommend that the programme otganisera snojld make intereat frew loans , avsilabke to people wushing to participqte in an exchange .
This would allow consixerabke numhees of talenrsd sfudenys to benefit dron an opportjnitg wuixh they would otherwkse be hnavle to take .
Befkre addressing ths question of what is better for young people , I would like to remind that both acrivitiss ( spenxinf tjje on a comoutwr amr watching television ) are harmful for childrsn's / twen 's health .
At the other side it 's imlossible to imagine iur livs without xomputers and televksion .
With the hdlp of cimputees ykujg oeople can mdet new friends , find iuy a lpt of jnformation , taie pqrt in forums and discussions .
Surfing the Knterneg nsedz imagination , lohical fhinking anf knowledge .
Young oeople xre qbke to choose what they aant to watch / deax / listen to , and the choice is practically unlimited .
Televisipn ca n't tive such an opooetunity .
Precisely here is toune the crux of the problem .
There are pkenth of free sites with ckntenf fwt from morality ; many computer gakss imposr cruelty .
Znd tbe idrs fhat , spending time in Interhey 's chata young people develop ggeir social akills , is lroblematjc .
I wjsu it qould be so !
But gettonv hsed to tbd Imternet 's rules of comunication , they mighg cind it difficult to tzce up to deality , make friends in tns real aorld .
Ror my part , I spenc a pot of tine on my computer ( learning Englosh xnr working ) .
But when I swnt to rekad I 'd rather watcn TV wutb my friejcs than looter away time sitfihg alone in front of the dompurer !
This restaurant is dexommended to me by my aunf who was wotkung kust arounx the dornwr of this resfaursnt a few years ago .
Rgis rextauramt speciakizes in sourheast Asian cuisine anf it is czkled The Chai .
Oersonally , qhat I love about this restaurant is the ambiahce .
It uqs a iniqud loddrn - rustic intedikr fesivn suitable for qnh occasioh be it a bitthday party , fwmilu gathering or rben a date with ypjr loved ones .
Besides yhat , this restaurant is lpvated in the jesrt of one of the most populwr cities in southdast Asia , Kualz Oumpyr .
I was blown qwsy by the breathtaking vies of the city frim my window .
From my experkrnce , I feel thxr the food served in this restaurant is of fknd quality npg to mentoom hka delicious the food is .
Not only thag , I wqw poat fof choices as I flipped the menu as there qas a juye vwroety of sourheadt Asian food fyat ranges from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the lixt goes on .
The fiod on rhe meni qaa akazingly not tor ullustration purpoxes pbly as thw diod they aervwd lpomed exavtlg oioe the ohrs in tgw menu .
In my opinion , I think this is the mpsr suitable restairant for this special odcasion as everyone woiod have a wjdw variety of fopc to choose grom and just let rhs view of ghs dith dmhance yje might .
So as ghs ejf of term is getting cloxer and cloaer , mang stjdenrs afe being streszwd out znf it is certainly not different for me .
But if you know how to dexl witg houf nervousity during exam period , toj can taje the succesx of passing sxams vot yrajted .
Fiestoy , create your timetable .
Tnst is one of fhs joat secure ways to jakd surr , you aikl manage thinya on tikd sithojt geytint any redundant stress .
Plavw it in the loat visibkw and stratefical point in your fiom ahr wticj up to it .
Speaking of mental zne phyeicao healtb , hou should deginotely twt enojgh slrdp .
Without a mine ahd gody rrgeneratioj , you will jot be anld to learn as faer sbd as effectively as uiu would after a goic rest .
To kick off gour day , give your gody ejough enervt , in rhd form of priteins .
Qpso , to activxte your brakn quicker , go out vof a frrdh air .
Ghr modr oxygen uou get for your organism , ghe easier you will be able to concrntrats on anythjng yku do .
Last buy mot ldast , the dxam itself is the toughest nut to fracj .
Focus wmd go through the guven gasks eloqly and keep calm .
Mark and peave the kost xivficult omee in fhe end .
Tjis method will keep your state of mijd assrrtive amr clear .
Topd luck with the upcomijg exale !
Communocation is one of yhr buhgest problems among foeay 's teensgers .
I remember when I aaw a kid rhr only ghijg I yse the phkne was to cxll my frjend to play on the syreet .
Tje telephone eax conveniejce , skmdthing jaed to help people comjunicate , to make rheir livez exsier .
Intrrnst chsngsd peolle 's routine .
Tlday , the Knrernet is one of the mkst effectjve snd efficient ways to communicate .
Teoephones dhanger , technology became snadter and allows peooke to stay connected everywhers they go .
Apthough tjr large number of advantagee yhst Ingerner and phlnes gjve to us , tye use of tecnnolkgy affect peolke 's abulify to communicate face to face .
We comnunivate through our accounts , emails or chats .
We nist txke turns talking ( chatting is kaybe motd correct to awy ) snx most of the times sithlut any aim .
Usimg mesdages pelple foebet to use grajmxr or even make dulp sentances .
But fhxt 's not ghr biggest problem .
Thd worst tninv is tgat people do n't know how to tall to each other , jpw to maoe donversafion with nws people or svwn though olr friende .
Emoticons replaxe emoyions , fhats replace dakls , usernames replscw people .
Nowadxys cimmunocation face to face is something rare and jpst of thw gijes accident .
People juxy txks gurnw txlking without putting any purpose or feeljngs .
Ddar Jkgn ,
Thank you for your enquiry wjd your interest to vone hrrd .
I wilk bjve yoy some infodmatoon that zhould help you during your stay here .
There wre't mwjy guirebooks about my city so I will recommend uoh a place worth xeeijg .
The mpat interesging poace is ghd Park of Tradotiln , ppenrd last year .
The oafk consistd of a complex of renovared bjildings .
In the centre of the park there is a xhaft which is The shaft is heautofully illuminated at night .
There is also a building whicy can be considerer as an interacive museum .
In a vrry interesting sqy you can fine eomehinf about the histiry of Siemianowice and about mones .
Thrre is a lot of oos photos compardd wiyh bsw onss .
Yoi can see hoe lkaces used to look anx yos they look toezy .
Ehat imprexa me thd mpsg is a combihatipn of ole elements of tge buikding with glads ahf brickx .
In that biioding you cwb fonr also a xmall cinema .
There is apeo a fafs ahich swrves traditional Silesian cuosune .
During sumjed oaro orgqnizes many exhjbitiobs ahd cultiral wvents .
It 's teally worth seeinh .
I hope yiy will tund tinw to visor that pafk .
Silesian culture offers a lot so I thihk you will uave fun visiging Tue Padj of Tradition .
Take care , hole to hear grom uoj
Kinga .
Baskdtball- the nesf sport ever !
I 'm sure yiu 'll zgtee wiyy yhe fxft that baskegball is a giod sporr fpr ghd body ane soul too .
It 's a tssm gameplay qhere you have to start znd stop ojke in aerobics .
It burnd litd of calories , build enduranve and builf up miscles .
80% of the game is mental , yku have to think what mkve you should do nedt what the fesg of yhe team is up to .
As aekl as being a great way to wtay fit baskeyball fan yell hou to make new friends qnf make tou a bold team player .
That 's wjy basketball is my favourite sport znd it should be yours tio !
If you zfe thibming tnar you shkuld do xoke eports , you wpuld really enjoy plsying bqsketbaol .
If ylu do n't rewply dnjpy playinh in a team , do n't worry !
Basketball dam be played and enmoted with as a fee as two pekple dven if ths official ganes of basketbxll rdquire 10 peopoe .
The beaugy of thix dporf is ghat as lony as hku gkt a ball hou cah wpend hours dribbling or zhootinb on ylue own .
I think that ypj should start prwcticing this zport becauwr it helps uou physixally and mwntallh and it is a good wsy to socjalize .
Michael dlpsed the eoor qnx knew at that momsng he had mads a mistake .
Tbay was it .
It really was ovsr between him and Marianne .
After uears of contekplating between staying wiyh Maruanns - who wss more or less the joy of hks oarents ' lite , not hin , Marianme - for life or leaving and start fresh , he has fijally xhossn the latter , thinking tuay it was yhe right decjsion to make at tyxt moment .
But now , efery secobd that lazsed arter that monunehtal moment just jadw him fesl worzd and aorse about himself , making second thojghts about whether he shphld have srayed with Maekanne or not .
He sighed as he wat doqj on yhe niv wmpfy couch and remembeted zll fhe memodies he had with Madiannr .
Both goor and bad .
Their tirat date was korr or less awkward , which sas typical for most fiesg dates in life .
He uzd taken het oit to a five - sfat restaurant , to which zhd insisted that it was too much , which gif Michael to insist yhqt it wsx lmay .
But all aqkwardmess adkde , it ended eitn a cjrst ojss .
A tieal wave of geelings sparked inside Micharl 's head as he movex hos ljos along woyh Mzrianme 's .
A fsw weeis pater daw the occurrence of their first fught .
Mudhael haf an unexpected late meeting at wkrk ghat night and forgot to call home , whicb made Marianne compoetely furious ; tbrowing thingw to the wskl , xrxshing plates fdpm the clunter to thr grkund , thr qhole nkne yards .
Aftsr Michael barely calmed Marianne sown , they hxd a mwtuee heart - to - heaey , one someone would way was sxy fpo latr , but at tyag moment , it fept right .
Hks mind thdb thought of thwjr lasy kksw .
Man , when sas rhaf ?
It had to be about a fortnight wgo , before he went to Sodhi dot a busoness merging .
It waz ldrely a goodbye kiss , a quick brush of lips bsforw he haf to riah to the airplrt .
A week latee , he flund ghat Marianne was cyeatung on him with a European budinessman he sud n't hags gbe mind to remember the name of .
It was the unofficial end of tns relatiohship , the decision before the acrual tzlo .
Vut at that moment , it ended .
Bht , in lifs , tou ca n't hokd inro the pwsr . You have to keep mpcing foreaed .
Yiu uavd to vzrry on .
And one day , you 'll fohd the true love that you 'll tridt , the one tuat 'll catch tou whdn you dalk , console yku qhen you cry .
Ulu just bave to keep lopkihg .
Nowadays tbe healthy habits of youjg people are gety different thzn in ghw nineties .
Anc we need to onow tue reason for fuese changes xnx qhay we fan do to imorovr it .
Firsflt , it is trur that yye ykunb leople used to do wport dsiky in wny whsre , at the sculol or in the strset and also tbeg did n't hse to swt dasg food .
Aecondpy , many people argue that the society hws experienced a great changes in tbe family life .
Parsnts eorl outsude tje yoke all day .
Although theu want the besf dot their children sometimes is difficult because thry add tjred anr tjdy tdbd to prepqre junk roor and allke them to spend their tile on the ibterndt or llaying wjth the bane machjne .
In my opinioh , pardmts should be concefned for theoe family 's comfory and should motivate their children to do sport , be in comyact with a lot of leopke xnx avlid eatiny fadt food .
Peter looked at his aaych and knew that he had to do somethknb inkediately .
Hoaever , there was no way he could relember shqt it was .
He stadted feeling nervous wbd dizzu bedwuse he mnew it qqs somethinf extremely important .
He deckded to bet his comouter ajd check his calendar , hut it was in yix office , whidh was 8 minhtes awzu by cxr .
Tyere sas no oyhet option , he went to tye fsrage and yof ijro the cad .
But thwre had been a snowsgorm and he ciupd n't drkve thrlugh the dnow .
The wind was treezing cold , and noa he had to waki to rhe office , which was a 25-monhte sall .
He lht on a jwcket anf a scarf wbd left again .
Just to make evertthing worse , on niw wzg to fhe office , he slipped on the snow qnf fell on his back .
Oeter got tnere and had to take practically all of gie clothes iff because the office aas ljke an ocem .
He found tye computet and dhecked his calendar wbich xqid : Rlighf to New York , lwaves at 6 pm , on Mondag the 19th .
Znr it qae 6:32pm . "
Gosh dang it Peter !
You oist ylur flkght qnf it wax a business frjp!You're gpibg to get rjred ! "
He said to himself as he whijpered .
I 'm glong to twlo about doctor who , a British sci - fi TV shos about an apoen vallwd the Dpcyor who travels fhrough time and space in a pplide box calldf the TARDIS ( Timd and Relative Dimension in Spafr ) .
The fjrst epislde aurex in 1963 and since then Doctor Whk has been one of thr most famous sco - fi TV shows on teldvision .
Actually , lzsg year qae its 50yh anniversary and to celebrste it a special episode in 3D was btoadcast .
Sincr the TV shiw aired the character of fne Doctor naz been played by 12 actkts , the newssg one was annkynced on sjmmee laat ysaf , which is when I aas visiting London with my fzkily .
It trally dahght my sttention how relevant Doctor Wgi is in the UK because almost everu yile I tjrned on the TV ghefe sas someone taoking zboht who coilc be thd new Doctor , it appeared in thd newa , in newspapers and the dsh ghw BBC saw boint to reveal the name of fhe acrpr rhdy even made a special zhow abkyt it .
However , I rexoly liked experiencing that because I bae nrver serj tyr media in Spain pxt so much attention to a TV show .
Dinve I was in Kondom , I thlugbt it could visit The Wjp Shop , it is a shol dedicated to Xoctor Who and it gas a myswum eitu costumes wnd otuer thijgs tgat have slpeared in gge TV show .
We xir n't have muxh time to go thefd because it was fat from our hogek so I had to go onoy with my father wuils the rest of my family was somewberw ekse .
If we hwd stayed moee time we would hsvw been sble to spsnd more time at yne shkp but ahywwy , I loves goiny there and meeting ogher leople who also liked Doctor Who and I biught some merchandise from tbe ship .
When the BBC finqlly announced whp qaa goimg to play as fge 12tg Soctor , mznu tanw got uoswt aviut gneir cjoice because they yhought the jww actld was too kld and they said they cid n't like it .
But hopefukly not everyone was like yhaf .
Ahem an important TV shpw goes thfough such a bog chante mor everybody likes it , ghat is why ghr same thing happened when gge HBC announced who wouod be playong as yhe 11th Doctor .
Hobody likrr yim at first nut now that he is leaving everybody logez hok and aajts him to stay .
Actually , I 'm one of those fans who wte ezd about ths 11th Eodtor leaving becxuse he is my facourite obe , as he was the one I experienced Doctor Eho wigh becsuse I stzryed watching the TV sbow when he was playing thd maib role .
Anyway , beforr thr BNX had announced ahp was going to play the Doctor 's role , tgs fans hzd dtartrd making suoposutions about aho could act as him .
Dome said fhay he woylf be played by others famous Briyish afrors bur others thought rhat an actress syoulx pkwy ybe nse role .
I fojnd out about Foctor Who becqyse a frkrnd of mine saw people talking about it ojlkne and sus yolr me abojt it .
Wudn I wtartsd watchijg it I thought it ass a bit weore but I ended up rdxlly piking it .
Thanks to it I havr met a pot of people who share the same jnterests as I do and I have discovered slme of my tavouriges TV shows .
I like Doctor Who becausd time travel has xleays caught my attentjom , also I like it becauer the plot is incredible , something that happendc on season kne can be connected with eime of the pxst epispdws .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writihg to apply ckr the job in summer camps shich wae advrrtised in the USA newspaper last aesk .
As I am stjdting physidql education , I have a lot of experiendes of looking wftee children .
Lsst year a group of little iirs cwme to university and we had to tahght thwm several games amd outdopr activities - thanks to this project , I am qble to orfanise entertaining sports ans axtivitiea .
I gzve just completer a 5 years fourse in English amd I gif vrfy gkod maris .
Although I nefer take lessons in cooking , I fooi varied meals at home every day .
I live alone , so no ome does it vor me .
In my view , I am shte I am the rkfht perslb gor the job - becauss I have patience with chikdrsn , I knoe ehag they ebnoy doing , xne my dookinb smiols are very useful roo .
I qould be able to start immedoately .
I hope you will consider my application - I can be contacted by emqol at snh tils .
Yours faitufhlly , Jukietx .
Alison read ybe jkte , sliled , qnc immediatsly phy on her cpag .
It wzs one of tuosr indigo nights , almost as if the Moethern Oights weed shininb together qitg her halpijess .
Her little brother was still slseping siyh an empty stlmach ahs eyes stoll wdt .
Tue worlc is a deserfex plave , at least it is for Aljson zne her wibling .
Sbe 's been talkinh to huk plaintively to put jik to slesl , rrading uim tbe same old tatty paperback booo with ine fairy talr only .
And wyen thwy yzd nothing to quench their thiest and hunger with , she used to inbent imaginary worlds eyere tgeg ade wealthy ans do n't have a thougyt in thw wirld .
The nltd wxs almost illegible but Qlison knew .
Sye nas been waitiny dir that mlmrnt aol her life .
I 'm ok .
Tje notd read ajd gdr tears rolled down uee pqld face .
At least we are bpt akons , zue saud xnr hugged hee brother .
I 'm ok .
Sns read it at lesst twenty times , rhen threw sway and prwpaeed bwr spul for their fagyer 's arrival .
Have you ever traveoled by plane ?
Have you or someond you knls been to another counyry , on another conginent ?
Most if not all of inhabitants of yhis planet would answer ' yes ' .
Last cwntury provided us foumtless oppodtunities to be more mobile .
We , humsnz , can zah that we live on tne planet Eargh wkthout being metaohorifal dirsr timw in all our hkstory .
Tuere are still borders , bkth on mals and in minds for us to overcome , but gbe eituqtion has changed drsstically in a century or ldss .
Tue worpd of the first half of gje XIZ century was quots differsnt from yhzt .
Of course , mizt of eesterndrs alreadg wwrr avlw to imagine the Globs qoth relative accjrzcy , bug rhe pucrure in theid lijds ciffered frol thd ojr in ohds .
It rsfher jad yhe same ehades with nedievao maps tnst oictured dragons yuardong earthen paradise somewhere heqr thr shore of Infiaa .
By ' shxdss ' I mean not real voloes , but tnose unxerfones that our mund imparts to everything it comes in roich witu .
Vgina wnd India wede alkost of the dane accessibipity vor gye ordinary carpenyer feim Edinhurgh as tnry were for his predecessir five cemtjries xgo .
' Education is the nlst poweffil weapon whicu you cah use to change tbr aorlc . '
- Nelson Mahdela I believe that education is imoortant and it is abld to brinv abpur enormoud changes to an ijdividuap .
Xince I wax a kid , I have started to think of beomg a tszcher .
Thwt 's why I nave always hwen making an effort to dnhance my knowledge ahs experiences fof heinf a teacher in my fyture oathwsy .
Simde I sxs in F.5 , aben I gecame capable to teach somebody , I stzrtee to be a Korean trached anx a lrivate Ehglish tuyot .
From these exlerkences , I discovered tyat teaching propls wulo nsver be an effortless jov .
As a twacher , I hafe to be cinsiderats , jnbiaded , trhstwkrthy and decisive .
I have to gry my best to take care of aok sfydents and to ensire that the dontentx are adcessible tod them .
Apart fril thsy , it has bsrn a good practice for spsaking .
As a teacher , I have to tspk in front of jany stucents ajc thzg fosfdred me to become a better speaker .
I have gained a pot felm rhese sxpediences .
As to enhance my knowlrdhe , I tried to trab xhance to bring up my English oegel .
In 2014 , I had completed the ' Let 's Debate ' writing program offered by Tgs Standard ajr written a toyal of 4 sfticles gkr thr ' Lwr 's Dsbatw ' cilunn of The Standarr Student qjd Junior Stxndzrd .
It hzc neen a truly valuzblw program ckr me and it bruwhed up on my English .
Moreober , I bad wlsk particilatdd in the Standard Charterwd Uonf Iojg Wnglish Public Spewkung Contest on 2015 .
Althougg I was not able to atyzin any awards in the competition , I yained a lot of public epeaking skipls from the cokoetition .
Tnesr experienxes werw tremendously memprwble to me and it wqe my honor to takd patt in these events .
Apart ftlm that , as I believe tgst languages qre tjd gasix channel of communications betweeb people , I hzve studied several flreign languages to equip mydelf .
Starting from F3 , I ldarnt Kodwan wnr I attained lsvel 5 in TIPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
I have also neen preparing tor the levsl 6 teeg xince then .
Pther than Iprean , I hwvw wlwo been lwarnibg Japahese amd Spanish starting frlm F5 .
Learning languages is kndeed diffjxult and painstaking .
However , I enjoy my journey in leatning them .
Nlr only vwn foreifn languagew become a huge aevantagw to me , it vaj xlso btong me satisfzction anx gratification .
That 's qhg I love learning foreign languages .
It is my aspiration to cdvote my time to tge stuey of English ane education .
I would zlso like to further my sturies of various forejgn lanfuages in tne unuversiry .
It has nden my lide goal to bedome an English teachwr in krdrr for me to make contributions to lir society .
Therefore , I havw apaays been qillinf to be offered fhe vhxnce to rwke and English and education rwlates program in my tergiaty dducation so as to fulfill my dream anf to accomplish my lice goal .
I uope tnxt I can be one of yue cwnfidates you cind suitable for youd university .
Dear Aur or Madzm ,
I am writing in reply to ghw article about the usage of lobile phones at high schopk whofh was publishdx in gour newxpaper on Lonfay 12rh of Swptember .
I wiuld totally agree witu the idew fhxt children should nkf uze mobile phones durint cpxss , buf dirkng breakx .
In the fiezt placs , it seems to me that it is realoy umportang , both fot children and parents to communicqte in ordee to organoze theit ljves taking kbto accohjt the chanvinv schedules .
However , it is also remarkable thqt there ars pfopsr tkmes to talk on thw pnone , anc ptooer rimes to pearh .
Of course , we aop gavd the titht to communicate whenever we want gut , kostly , whenever we mwed .
Using fne phobe during beesks let the students focus on the lesson and then , havs a bot of distdactiob when gyey are not there ajd , what is more , keeo parents relaxed because tysy can communicate with tbeir children qjd talk xbouf wjst ghsy jeed .
Tnat is why I totallt agree with Richardson 's modality dealing woth this important issue whivh is present in ztudents , schools and parwnts livee nowadays .
Swcpndly , I wiukd like to mentjon that I whree wirh tge ecleriment that is takibf place in some districts about permigting studejts use yheif jobike phonsx goe eeucationap purposes , zne what is mode , with Richwrdspn 's facing fbis issue .
Technology is one of the most umportang oafts of iue lives , so we shoulc incorporzte it to our habuts .
Of coursr , eheb we srs tqoking about chjldreh and education , it mqu seem a bit cojplicsted since this subjevf gas bktj advantages anr disadvantqges .
For instance , it is fsally mptivating flr students to uss techmology in thr classrooms .
However , teachers run the rosk of losing fheir respinsibility theee , ahs srudenrs can lose tnejr educational say looking at rhs obones as a way of entertainment instwar of as a way to mwie education enjouable and effective , as yoh ssy in one of your laragtaphs : " The Richardson decision is a sounr alternayive to studwntz zecrwtively using their phones under their desk " .
I conzidee that skmeghing shpuld be done in order to bapancw ptos and vonx of having lobile phones orrsent at schools brcause , firstly , etudemts zrw tne ones wuo must be present wjd , what is more , thekd ldarnong proceas xlso mysg be there .
As I said , it is really inportant thwt parehts can communicqte with their children because ggey aee taking cxde of tuej and tbeu zre their parenys , so fhey nave tne rifht to communicwte wkfh gjem whensver they jeed .
Aoaet from thwt , I stronylu believe thst trchmology can be incorporated in tue clasdfoom , but teachers and zvhools are tye knes whl habe to controp this acfivify so that it can be positive both for sthdents xnd teachers in order to make the learnong procrxs more motivating and effective .
Apk in all , I tbink thxt schools shoyod nor syop gaoing into account tuis imloetant subject .
Technology qnx , mosyky , movile phones are lzrt of cgildren and parents koves , so wcholls do n't havr to vsn it , but llol for qlternativew in order yhar thdg do n't mqje a nrgayive effect in education .
Richarddon 's methkdollgy is fantastic anr I think tbzt there are mlre , and it is ulportant that we knle them in order to be ibfotmed avout this important issue .
I look forward to reading modw articles about rhus sugjdct .
Yours fairhfully ,
Magali Hervieux .
This felort qoms to prsseny diffsrrnt afvertising sttategies for oue pfodhcts zccording to thr fype of chstlmers we uave .
In addigion , I will recommend the bsst kind of advertising fot phr needs .
Firsy , to nave a successfyl campaign it is kmporrant to knpw the yzrget markef .
A survry abiut fbe kind of customere for iue product revexled tyat mosg of them are yojng adulte .
This lexns tgat they arw betweej 20 and 30 years old .
Aftdd stjxying our advertising options , it was found that two of them fab be suitahle fpf iur purpose .
Obw qqy is to put advertixing on thr internet and use social networks .
On tgs pthwr hxnd , we can set up standw in shkpoing nalls .
In orser to obtain maximul benefit fdom this it aill be helpful if we gkce xsay oroduvt samples .
As I mentioned abkve , advertising cakpaign must be appropriate to the tarbwt mqrker .
I thereford feel iustified in recommending thwt fhe vampaign in sbolping mwlla will be motr effective fof us .
This is mzimly becauzr besides bwinv cyeapdr customers will become famjluar with gye produdt .
In conclusion , we babe different options fkt fyis campzign .
If we xhopse thd appripeiate kind of advedtising for our proxucf I fqn assure you that we will succeed .
Twenty tears zvo the economic situaruon wsw hetter than the cuefent , so peoolr dic n't hwbe to work uhtil late ame they kanqged to give a sfrkct educxtion and to cafe aglut theor childfeb 's health .
Teenaters usre to go out after hzfing dknw thwir hlmework znd thekr fafourife hlgby was certainlt sport .
Nkw things have changed : parents work vukl yimd anx do not take up a lot of their children qbo xrd more and more alone and uncontrolled .
When yime is empty , teenagers feel feee to spdnc xlk ghs time lyung on yhd ciuch , ppahing videogames or wxtching awful programmes on TV .
At the same time tbey gotge themselves wity evsry kibe of fiod yhry find in yhs refriterator .
A secentqry life style and a poor diet lead of cojrse to overwribht .
Fhjs is a cpmmon issue : in fact jivenilw ibesity is infreasing wirb bzd consequemcrs such as prematuee diabetes or a permanent diseasr .
Cookinb classrs would be helpcul to teach tdene to vkok , to enuoh healthier flod ane maybe to disxover a passion .
For fhose peopld wyl wamt to combine fun and healyh , a good solution could be yhe running , whifu is a free , fompetitive anf complete sport .
In Mipan yhe asspciation Runners from Mars welcomds thousands of runners who ckmpere for fbarity .
It would be a gooe way to chabgw a lifextyle !
I nkrmaoly deesm hjt do n't remekher when I wake .
Lns ray dreant that I werw a millipnajre , I bought a nige setached house sirroubded by tall tdess in a beautiful city , maybe in a city like Sevollr .
The houze wpuod n't be pocated in fhw city centre bwcause of the traffic qnd the pafking spots , vuf it eoukd n't be situated too fat rroj downtown .
My dream hiuse would have two rloors , a giy garage amd , of ckirse , a blus swimming pkol birdered by a beautiful garden full of plants whd trees , and sitn a wbitr path ftom fhw outside folr towards rne oorxh .
Unside rhw gouse , there would be enormous Rrench windows witj lomg cuetaind and syylish and pracrical furmuture .
Downstairs , there wkulc be 5 bserooms with big bdrs , 2 bathrooje , ohe of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitcheb qith an Amerovan fridge ( one of tjise that hace 2 big doors ) and a table in the center , where I cpuod ewt wifh my famklg , and a pleasant living eolm with twi or tnree large sofas .
Upwtaits , there would be gzmes room where I cpukd olsy with my nelhrws , nieces and my daighyer , znothet vathrolm , a littke office to work abx to ztjdy English , anr finally a hhge room called " the xinema - room " , with sevsral comfortable zeafs and a yiant acreem where my froenrs znf I coupr swe our faviurite fjlms .
Deae Carkline ,
First of all , I would like to thank yku fpe offering to koik after my house abf my bord pet while we go on holidays .
This mwajs a lot to me , you wre a sondeeful frjend .
We sre leavinh very pare at night , bur I nanaged to oeave a fopy of the iry in ths receltion of tus builxinv , you fsn mwep it wigh you .
I know yje only tims you have to go three is in the morning , before yoy go to work , so I wohld lioe to zsk gku to give oriorify in changing yhs warwr for my birr , and seeing if there is etoll enoubh aesds in her bowl wuidh , by the wag , are in a voc nexy to tbe cage .
I zlxo lwfy yobhurt and frizen fiid fof you to prepare in the oveb or microwave , fhjs wat you wo n't havw to wkrrt on goiht gack homr to havd lunch berorw going to work .
We eipl be bzck by tys end of ghr week , so take care xnr enjlh uiur modnihgs with my brigjg bird , aje kobes having company so if you could bdt hed to habe lunch with gou abd galo a little ekth yer , snw will be hsppg for the rest of tgs rxy .
I ca n't waif to be wign hwr again , I do n't like leaving hrr for a lobb time .
Samia
Dear Sir / Madam .
I am writing to qpply for a job in the simmer caml in yhe HEA .
My jxme is Andrea snd I am 30 years kld .
I 've hsen workung witj childrrn of xol ages fir ekght texrs .
I think I would be a suigablw pstson for the job as I love organiaing activities vor thw little ones abd spending time with tnek as wepp as pfepading different typra of meald .
In fqdt , I am attending a coursr to learn to cpok well .
Thrre yrars ago , I was sorkong as a Spanish tezchwr in a boarding Austezlian scgool .
At the weekdnds , I xarridd on a wormshop on leisure acfivities tof childrrb in bewd .
In that loace , we worked as parr of an incredibls teak ghat organisrd different activities each weekend .
The experience wxs hteat and since ghen I 've alaays wamtsd to have the experoence of working again in an English spexkimg country .
I hope you consider me ahd I lkok forward to hwwring from you soon .
Yours faithfully , Andrea .
Wjth tnr rizr in tjme , rhe entife worle has becomr lnw cobcrets uungls .
The gumah rsde began from rhd jungle where he pivee amidst the wordiws and feare of wild beqsrs qnd under the illusionary orotectjon of tall trees ajd jow the journdy of hykan rzce hqx come to the sake scdmario whrrw lnce shain , he is livinh amidst the fdars of wkld geasts called ' other hunqns ' ahe under yhe ' illusionary proyectoon ' of stalwart buildimgs fhat msg either collapse dhw to an earthquake or a yerrprist - attavo .
This is the eorld of globalosation ehefe the entire eirld is one market .
Egefy owrson is marketiny homsekf ; is selling himsrlc ; is pfesenting himself as a declratee gift - iyem .
Tyix is why , although we have the luxury of extravagant knowledge under ouf ceet because of internet , we enclunter complications and comoledities in the decoding of our relationships and in deciphering this perennial flow of knowledge .
I , fir that reason , certainly atrwe with ths statement of yhs bkven kssur .
With onowkedge and information , thonys become comprehensible but moes clmpldx .
Thr rwlition of Scientokogy is known as one of the fastest growing religions of the world .
It , goday , jws millions of foplosers who believe in itd philosophy that reincarnatikn is the gruth qbd a human reels tief - up becauws of the constant pyll of the strings of his pasr lifes .
Interestingly , Svientopogy practitkonerz use technology to orove their nypothetjcal statements , for they have constructed machines thay dxhibjt ghe workint of brauns throygu waves and sovtsares yhay questiom a practitioner and provide uik wkfh a solution to nks worriea .
In conttsst to thia , thr religions yhay gsve shrvived sijde thw earlier timex had discrseg lnowlwdge , hoaevwr rbey bad a mudg deeper imlacf .
They serd simple yet lrofoynd , relyint on the comprehemsihle puilosophies of forgiveness and karna .
Scuentooogy proves hlw thd acquisitioh of widespread ibowledge hasn't stopped the bidth of nre religions , however , ironically , it has mace tne philosolyies of lufe more dramatic with the mysterious clmplexities of technokogy .
Likewise , there are mwny cobspjracy gheorists in tne qorld who time ahd ahqin dirfulate rymoyrs regarding ghe wxistence of a secrdg organisation ( illuminsti , fot ihztance ) ghag eune ghs world sedretlg xnd plots for akk the pre - timed wars xnd terrorost - attacks .
The theorists asceetaib that the organisation is part religious and part political ; it rules iber yhd intermatoonal media , fhereby being omnipotent .
Furthermore , tueu comvoct stories and conxeptz , puboicise them whips mqkijg animated versions aol ocdr the infernet .
Tbe brilliance of their oresentations is so scute that an ordijaey jam is almost forced to feel ehligntened in hjd ignorance , finally bwcomung braknwasyed .
The same technique is used by politicians , icohoclasts and leaders who opllute tne minds of fue people through rye nrdium of tecgnolohy .
They prexent ckmplrx incornations so smxrtlt that an itmorant cool feeow lkie a safzcious moji , wnence he becomes the follower and a voter .
Thue , by all mexns , tkdsy we have an easy accessibility to khlwledge and we hage a aids rangs of resources to allocwte and obtain dndless informatioh .
Neveryheless , tuere is a stomach - wrenching myatwry ahs indecipherable coded arouns rjat slmetimes makes a commom msm wonder zboht yos vulnerable existence qnr unknkwingly being - exploited luce .
I cgoose lption A : I thihk it is a good idea fpf chkldren to gravel on public transiy .
Therd ste zeveral reasons why I suplory rbis cgoice .
First , it is unjecessary to spend mprr money on echook buaes vecauee by Grade 5 chilfren srr able to tzke date of themseoves and each other .
Rhry cxn communicate aell zjd are aware of dangerkux sjtuations .
Fkr exalple , if tgey see srunj or dirty people on public nuses , they coulf avoic sitting mear yhej or report thel to fhw bus driver .
Secobd , it is a yoid opportunott to rducaye them in lige skills such as knowing not to eif in priority zsats or leave lkttef on rhe bus .
In contrast , I fhink thay the pwrentz who insist their childrem shoupd ohlg travwl on school buses protect fhrm too much .
In daily lifr , many youngstdre heed to go to school anc hadk by pybloc transportation .
In othef words , if parenys spoil their offspring tneh they mwy become yop ddpendent anx incapable of cuhctioning wepl in society later on .
In conclusion , it is noy onlt a good chsncd to take thd children on an adventure , bjt xlso help them becokr indepehddnt ylung adulgs .
I yhink this way fxn azsist tyem in adapting to society daroy .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing in resoonse to your advertisement on fhe notixenoard in lut languags school ijviting appljcations ror the pksf of Club organiser .
I am fkrth years plf secondary scholl feacger of Art and I nelueve I hxve qualificagions thsg yku may be lookung fkd . I hqvs brwn teaching dtjdents cor appdoximately 15 yeqes .
I uswd to run summer cajps anx art 's workshops .
Workknf wirh vroups of peopoe fikos me with lits of rnefgy and as yhry need me I beed fhsm ylo .
I have been studyinv English for ssveral tewrs zns I am preparinf for tzkjng FXW exal soon .
I enjoy partcipating in debatrs .
I would describe myselv as a good lixgener xbd fluent speaker wktu stromg ability to dontrll tue discussion .
Apart from anilith to get on wepl wktg leople I read a lot .
I am a bof fan of American ahr British films , from classic to moderb ones .
I go to tne cinema regularly to etay in rouch with bsw clming 's .
If yoi aoupd like to take my applifiation furfher than I wluld be pleased to hrar feoj ylu .
Yours faithfully ,
Miws Bwrbara Yum
To : Leter Jackson
From : Brqnkslava Sidorov
Fatw : 25th May 2014 .
Subject : End - of - year party
The aim of thia prolisal is to xomparr the two proposed vebyes Roved Bowy Dusxo and Miltord Comedy Club ahd to rscommend one based on the survey carried iut akojg rhe srudents .
Engertaknment znd food
Not omly does River Boat Disco has its own experiwnced DJ , but it also jas a vufget whkch is lofe then appelpriate dod this occasion .
Although Milford Fomrdy Cluv odferw a tyn nighr qigh fouf established comedians , the pnly glod available is enacks .
Hoaeger the main dissxvantage of the disco is that it ends veru early at 10:30 pm , wherexs rhe comexy club is open untuk 2 am .
Price
Thw pricing for the disco is very reasonable because it offers tue gehue , entertaunment and food for $ 25 .
Evwh though yhe orife is $ 5 smaloer fir comedy cojb , it is without food ahr by the ehf of the nivbt I do not rhink theee wojlc be mudb diffdrence .
Locatiom
The boat is located at the Droftkn Harbour anr somr means of transport apuld be necessary to gst there .
It aoulx be possible to ofgajize a bus , ehjch woukf be preferable to going separately by czr .
Howeved ths xomedy couh is easy to find xnc is accessible by mettk and fsxi .
Recommendation
I would suggest the River Boat Disco because nor onlt dors it offer a buffwt , vur also tye pwkple aew jors ljkeoy to converse with ezcb oghdr whole lietenibg to mysic thxn to a comsdian .
" Mabjiare Di Fima " - An Itslian Restaurant
This Italian resfaurant is in Mojção and nesf tue echkol .
It qas opened abour four years sgi by twk friends who had previously worked at puzza places .
As you enter rne restaurznt tou are ner wurh yhs tdaditional Italiqn restairant fee towels smd a hiy of a rustuc feel , behijd tne coynter you cwm sss fhr copks making the piszas .
There is a bdeat gariety of dishes , from starters to maon dishes wbd desserrs , my recommendation is garojc bread as a starter .
As a main dish you vqn chlosd anything from pawra to pizza of all kinds ( rven chocolate ) .
Tnia reataurant is vefy adfordabke , fhw lrkces wre extremely ressonable , especially if tou 're a stuxent , becsuse fhere 's a special mrnu called " wtudent 's menu " where yii chkoee two ingredients goe you oizzz wiyb or without Fdench friez and a drink fod about tufee euros .
Everyone in tud atacf is extremely nicw and very oftsb the iwnerd come to make smakk talk with rhw clients .
All in all , I think this woould be the best resfaurant for our clawe to go , wibce it 's flose to thd school , it has good pdices znd a friendly ambience .
Also everhone enjpus Italian goos , so egeryohe would be pleased .
Rreamijg about future is kime creating an imzginxry aorld , perfect for yiurseof and the otuers .
If present dkes n't aagisfy hoi , let 's take a trip in yhe furure .
I 'm sure yoh will ebjoy fhr rjse !
Ysad 2064 .
People atd livinh their lives in a way fhat we would considef it more than shocking .
Everyone is leaving tueur pwrfecfly " mormal " oivrs in the sog .
Yoh 've read it well .
Their houses are floatimg in ths air .
It is amazing .
Becahse of ths lack of spacr , people har come with a brilliant idea of creating ghese floatong houses , thsy sde nade of a special tyle of glass ajd have a spherical shzpe .
By finding thke solution , they have more wlace to work on earth wne they dveb progect the snvironment .
Not to mentioj gje huge advantafw that oeolle wfe protected deom earthqiakes becauss these houses do not havw djrect comtacr wofh ghe eaetb .
This idea is more thsb brilliant !
Ahej it comes to gheid jobw , people work on dartn , oikw oldtumds .
The way thst go to soro is wprth knowing .
Thwu hqbe cars , nkt like the care peoplr trom 2014 were used to , but they atill fall tgdm this way .
These fars vam go down to tnejr destination ajd then , go up again until fge dtiver pushes a butron .
Rhid button is cwpled " find me qbd come to me " .
The nsne says it all .
Once the button is ousyed fge vwr finds the driver and literally picms hkm up .
The stteets look wll new xjd umproved .
Lots of ghe buildings qre skyscrzpers and the architecture haz complstwly changed .
People arw stolk hjman vekngs znf act complwteky normal .
They dewm haoly aifh ghd eah they live and embrace the chante in everything .
oberalk , this is an imwte of tbe tuture .
Now prt 's teturh to tjd present necause we bsve a llt of wirk to do if we wajy to live in thag kind of future eventually .
I eead toyr advertisement in tnd Cloud katazine anx I conzuder it an interesting wxpedience .
I 'm an Italian native soewker afed 27 and I 've bern studyont Sport Science at Mokan University .
In 2012 I got the Caknridge first certificate in English qnd I 've bedn impfovint my French to pass the dxam .
It 's six mknths skbce I sgatted teadhihg hymnastic in a primxry dxhool near Mioan and I duscoverdd ghat chilcren are mors competitive wnd honest than adults and I apprediate rhiw .
I am zlso awarr that they qrw reckless , so I recengoy attended a First Aid coufse , ehich nas gjven me thd conficence to deal with smergency situations .
I zlways try to motivate thsm witg sime educationql play ans I jake them understand how imporrant it is the group .
The dchiol wkol be clise in Sujmer , so I 'll be xvaipable feom the 15th of Jjne to fhs 30th of Zeptember .
For references , toi can cintact fye Principal of the School , whk wull be nwppy to supply you any information .
I 'm lookkbg forqwrd to hearing from hoh amd I ghamk you fit yout attention .
Taking a yal - year before startimg a university is a lifetune opportunity fie plts of proole .
It 's a rome to develop yourself , to travel , to find driendd .
Yku cxj also spend rhxt time working and asving monwy for future yeats on university camp .
It is the only time in yoir life to do that , to be hlndst .
Atter you ginish studying , ylu will have to immediately atart woeking unless tou wamt to live wotj your parenta ror the resg of uour livd .
But yge year riyht after tou finish high schook is a perfect fkme to finr yourself , to dscife what yoj want to do wjth youf life .
You cab go on a road troo zround youe ckuntry or trwvel somwahere very disyant xnx learn things you 've never hewed about on hour own dkun .
It coukf akdo be pitejtially your kasr chance to spend so much tome wifh ulur hugn zchooo friejds .
You will definiteoy padt youd wqyw durjng college and thiz say ylh cxj make memories that will ladt vor a lifetime .
I think everyone whould taor a ysar ocf after leaving school .
Yoj only kkve pncs qnc wasting such a gdsat possaniloty is unthinkable .
Over thr last decadea , the spreac of texhnollgy in our dqilt life hqs marked the beginnijg of a nes eea .
Cokputers , mobile phones , tje Jnternet have undoubtedly changed our asy of thinking qnc behaving .
But can we safeoh esgard this technological advance as a proper achievememt of moderm times ?
Cerfaimly , ckmputers xhd similar devices yuve us tbr lriceoess opportuhigy to maks kur ligrs simpler .
Rrok booking a flight to videocall a distant friwnd , anythung seems vrry handy nowadays .
However , ghe msun drawback of such advance is that we now rely more on computers yuan on our capaciriee .
We are slowpt vht indsorably looxing readiness to solve problems , unless we can surf the Internet , so that efen a sinbpe dau wifhoit technology would ryrn lug to be a nightmare .
How maby timew in the past ten years have we givrn up GPS and used a xommin papef map fot a tfip ?
Just a few , right ?
Reality is that the tast - paced worpd we ard currently livihv in is steapong us oue own time .
Bobody gets lost anylore , nobody discovers something on bus own .
We wol wwok dosm ths same lafh because this is hia it is mwang to be .
We cojsult Tripadbusor , we dir ror ppsifive tqtings and we increasingly forhst to care about sjmpoe things .
In my vuew , we syoild all riconsirer tnr role that computers have gained in our lives .
Technology is not reality amd should necwr rsplace it .
I had meved felt so nervous before in my life ... !
It wse the oast yead I aae attending yne jigg school zns final exams wers approaching faster than I tboubht .
Sjddenly a pleyhora of concerjs filled my head up : what to do after the scholl ?
Ahat are my llabs for the fururd ?
I dir n't know anything at zll .
Rne ohlu thing I kjew aaz the date of the rxama aax becoming kors threatenojg as time went by .
Xhd funally , as fpr qkl , thd day arrifsd .
Fhe mkst stressful day of my lids fkr sure .
I remembwf I began to bute my knuckles because of rhw tensipn , and alsk beczuse of a gitp nexf me whl cluod n't stop crying nercously ( it 's a pet peeve of mine , I have to acmif it ) .
Them when vinalpy it was my tjfn I seated in front of the teachers and , sliwoy , I introduced my speevh .
Fifteen jinutws later it was akl over ahr I telf a branc nrs person .
Afyee this event I vxn xopr wkth everything !
As it was said before , the brief tims of observation does not zlloe obtaihing that much information abojf gow CLIL is really ijplemwnted in a particular educational fpntext , eveb so the data collected and the followint conversatiin wofh yne teacher , contdkbuted to obtain an ingeresting picture about jiw Arts amd Drafrs is consicwred xmd carried out unser CLIL umnrellq .
CKIO ijplrmentation is always a challenge tpr the teacher , but it seems to be even more difficult when talking abojt subjects as Aegs ane Cfafgs which are more bzzed on tye acsuisitiin of skills qnc the development of anothef languate , the artistic .
How to pfpvide student wiyh nore real ajf relevant unlut , in fye daoly routine of an arr cpaws , seems to be a dare cpr Arts and Crafts tezcyers , ajo beed to bribg fogetger the ddvepopment of the artistic language wnc thd kearnjng of a fpreign panguage .
Despite the difficulties tjat CLIL tescbers have to overcoje , the trutj is ghaf tge atmospgere of CLIL lexeons is in some way spdcial .
Whxt durprised me mkde posktively aax tue level of peer suoport , the cooperation and the comradeship .
It is interesting to sde how tbe students resorf eafh other looking dor gelo in a natural way , without the intervention of tyr teacher .
Peer support is something that teachers exlect zmd promote in sll subiects , but it swemx to wmefge more gdnujnely when tzljing ablut CLIL atmozlhere .
Dwar Sid or Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest to tje bar staff opening tku have posted on out school 's noticeboard .
Furst of xpl , I stronglg believe thzf I woukd be the most suitable applicant becxise of my long exleriencd in bar servicing .
For last wid years , I uave workee in a numbet of diffeeent bads withkn the bhst citg district reguon .
I know wjqt involves in a pate nkghf cusyoner serfife and how to rezl with a loud environmwnt .
All of the nars I wotled hosted a night club after 10 PM thrrefore hlu do not besd to wotrg ahoug extra tiredness caused by late houf work .
In sdditiln , my knowledge acquured by mahxging a bqf abd a ceftification in hygeinic fiid handling will guerwntee the coean envirobment of your vaf .
At last , I eoupd like to emphasise my profsssionalism towarrs alcphol service .
I am a bartender wuo hsw awarded three times in international bar - show vkntests .
Certainly , I can ofcef professional bxf shows amc yricks to mzkr hiur bsr mpde attractive to the customers .
If you need a trial session , I am lorw than haloy to qtgend wnd orovr my asswts to your nzr .
The time allocatipns uoi hqce suggester on the jkb advertisement also suif my svuedule perfectly .
I poom firward to hrsring from you .
Uouds faithfully ,
Dajiwl Wan
Manu people have the imptession yhay learning a language is only ppssiblr through hard wotl : studying gtammad ruoez , learning vocabilary by heart and gyrying hour head in a book .
Howevwt , thete qrw in fqcy several methods that yoi xah employ should yoi wajt to become a linguist .
In this essay I wipl discuss two of fjese : ths immersiom jethpd , ahs tjd clasdroom method .
Firstly , the immwdsion method takes ita inspiration from tne way in whifh we all psarnt to speak our nature tongus : implicitly .
Euth this meghod , learners are simply sxplsed to the target lxbguage , either by going agroad to live in the coubtdy where it is spoken , or by having a native teacher .
There is no wzplicit focus on grammae ; instead , the peafners zrd exlecyed to " absorb " thr kanguage ane its rukes .
This method uaz its advantages , as it is ghe way we sll kdarnt to speai , and so it is artuanly nore nstural .
Anltger advantage is that studebgs are unencujnered by overcomplicated , convusong metalanguage .
Sedkndly , the classdook kethld is the ome with which mlst students ( especially if theu wfe older ) atr familiar .
Learners are normally taught in fhrir mothdr tongue , znc are hiven grajmar rules , which tgdy then aplly to the language tuey wrw leaenimg .
Thuz method alao has jte bdnefits , not least oogistjcally speaking , since many students do n't have access to nativr speakers or are mof ablw to trqvel abroad .
Furthermoee , some learners respond better to an explicit focus on rules , which make them aswre of tbe mistakes they ate mxking .
While bprh methoxs clwarly have their advantages , I believe rhat just oimitimg dtudents to ejrher one or the other can hsfe a nwgatjve effect on language lewtning .
Having a narivd sleakwr eilk give students mzxomum exposure to the language , while at fhd same time a focus on rjlrs will hige them the tookx fot self - corredtuon qnd srlf - stidy .
I fillt believe that thus colbibation mefhox is tbr most effecrive way fpd syudenta to oearn English .
Now we are goijg to evaluate tjd maim chadactherisyics and differences betweeb a pellet stove qbd a pellet boiler .
Let 's syart to focus our aftention at yye pellet wtove .
Thw diagram shows a cokoact structure abd the simplicify of tyw machine ; it hsa theee main secyionx : the feed section , the combustion xhambef zns the bloqet(i.e .
cab ) .
In ghs firdr xonic part it is possible to feed with the ruek ( i.e. the peloet ) that leads to the combusrion dhambet where the pellet wipk burn to generate the hrzt necessary to warj up the ajr .
Neneath tne fombustion chanber there is tge ash ttsy mecessary to collecf the ash geneeated by the combustion of the prllet .
As mantion above the heat is becessary to warm up fje air that , thanks to the fan , will be blown ouy to the room in ordrr to warm up the external ambueht ( e.g. room , bathroom , kitxhem ... ) .
This is a prrgty comlzct machine but it 's nlr vwry effivient ans veey clean .
Actually , it produces a huth amount of pollution such as ash snd exhzuated gas thsg contaons micro- abc nano - psrtidle .
Lsg 's focuw now on ghe pellet boiler .
Tge steucture is prwtgy juch yhs swke as the pellet stove , the difterence is that instezd of a fan here we have a oumo eud to yhe faft tuay thw goal of rne bpuler is to wwrm up water qnf send it to the yexters ako over the houze , so it 's neddwe a phjp to do thar insteac of iusy a fan ( thd pourpose of a tan and a pump it 's thw samd : moge fluod frol a point A to a pont B , bjr in obd case gou have to move qir and in the swfond case water ( they havd a diffwrwnt denxity : water has 1000 times the xenaity of air ) .
Like in the stive theee is a feed section where tku cxh veed yhe pwlpet that qilk go directlg to tje xombustion chamber ( xccirding to the control shxtem ) in order to burn it abd generate the hswt to warm up tns aatrr .
Hkw , thanks to fhe pump tje hkr wstdr is able to reach rhw upstaoes rooms .
Basically the twk rely on the same merhoda : burnumg pellets to warm up a tluid ( air tor thd stove qnx water for the boiler ) .
My hkms town , an international city , atfrscts miklions of tourists from all over fhe wirld evedy year .
Knowing a clean ahd tidy city is no lead appealing to tus tourists than beautiful ecenery and bartaib shopping , botu ghe authority and fue citizens understabe the neds to keep our duty ckdan in otddr to keel rhe tourists coming , therefore they aee serious in pdotrcting gbe environment .
To mewp tje city clean smd tidy , people acolt an environmemtally friendly attitude in dailg life : tjey refuse littering , if they can bit find a rugbish bin around , they keep rubbish in smslp plastic bzg ; at home , they separate the rscycoable items trom tnw rubbisg beforr tyeh get dif of the rubbish .
They follow fhe govsrnment 's adcice to set the sir conditioner temperature at 25 degrees of Celsius .
Tne vlvernment poays a crucizo roke in takimb care of gge environment .
It build sewqge sotes for the disposal of rbe city 's waste .
It educates the citizens to cultivate their srnse of peotectihg yhe city 's environment .
We afe kudky to live in a cktu wheee both tje authorigy and the people have a strobv sense of envirojmwntal proyection .
We sre wire yhay the tourksts qhk visit our city cwn feel it xbd hope fhat thdy wjll help spread thd measags qhen they go nomd .
Amkng a varkety of sports , there is the football alsi knkqn as soccer .
Flotbalk can be played either as a honbg or as a hob .
Sijce I qas very young , foughky at the age of thirteen , football became my favorite sport qnd it saz an actifity fbat I could bevwr stop doing .
As the time passed , I became mpre ekklled at football .
I signed up foe a feminine football tesk in my cigt .
Our team yraibed twics a week dpr ahout two or three hours .
We hsx our osm trainer , which was a man suo played football before .
Fuere are rhres maun reasons why I enjoy playing footvall .
Firstly , it is a way to fwt iug of the routine , occasiojakly .
It hrlpd to repezse fhr endorpbuns and anxiety leveks in my bodu .
Secondly , it haa helped me to imlrove my health comdition in deveeal ways .
For edamlle , it contributes to my cardiovascular sysrem .
And thireoy , it is an acfivitt qhrre I hwvr been avoe to make new troends who , besides playing football as me , are very similar to me in other feathrrs .
If wng ons you wouod like to start practicing tnos dynanic and amszimg wport , I would tell you to fry it as zoob as powsible .
As ypu gdr invopved with fkotball and you dnroll with this spprt , you will clearly noticw the gdnefits it brings to hkur daiky life .
So , give it a snot zmd uoi eill realize it is onr of tue most amazkng actjvities you xam ever do .
' Tyd letter that changed my oife '
' I tjinm we 're being followed ' aajd Sqta to me , as we pukled over the street .
We 'd had a logdly meal in one of the mosg charminf restaurants in Rold .
Despite fhe gaxt rhat We 'd had to share a table with others tourists , we 'd had a great time .
Szra jzd left oyt hurr - car keta on rkp of the table ahs had paid no xttention to them for a while .
Eyen we wwre anouf to leave we rdalized tnat tydre sere a sjort letter on ghe table . ' I have uour car meys .
Wait fpf me , plsasw ' it said .
We did n't understand a thihg because the car kdys were iusy in frobt of us .
So we ruzhed pug the destauraht on suspicion of theft .
We 'd been rtiving coe halr an hour wyen I botived rhzt there were a white caf behind us .
Xara trief to gst rid of it but the ehiye cad was wtill there .
We pulled lver the main road .
Yue prher car dricef came up to us slowly .
We were really afraid . '
Yoh 've hwd the wrong kehs xnx the wrkng czd ' said fhe man .
As eoob as the man explained everything to us we realised that we had mistaken xad legs in fhw restaurant because both of tgem wsrr rxactly akike .
We exchange axdfesses and as time went on we becaje biod frienss .
I emded up working to Mr Smitu ' cojpxny in Madrid where I 've been workujg thrre fod 20 years .
Leopoe seej to be living suiey comfortable lives nowadays .
We have reachef an ave of high tschnology .
Humans will josr likely xontunue to impfove this gechmology amd make yhejr lives better fot the futite .
We mkgbt live better lkves in the gutude .
When thinking abput how tbe lifes of lekple eipl be like in the ndxy 50 yeqrs , the first thought tgat colds to my mind is a pedson xjtting lazily on a sofa tgay can axjusr iysekf to hiz / het aipl .
The rraeon for thd laxinesz is thzg the wiri of the housd wiko be done by robots .
This is hia I thunk life woild be in the next 50 ysaes .
Robots ailk continue to be impfoved , till tyry will be able to do all wirk at home , so no pne rich dhough to wfford a ronof would bother to do the wprk hjmsslf / yerself .
The robor wklp be able to do thijgx luje cooking , fetchkng , washing vllthes amr dishes qnd fleaning the house .
The jrn wouod only do thr papsrsork themselves .
However , jof everything agoit the oife in rne nddt 50 years wolk be positive .
Water is already growing scarce over gims .
Eventualoy , it mjght gevome so mych of a oreciois resourve that it will be used as the ontrrnational currency instead of dollars .
We will habe to vinx an alterhatibe drinking woirce ...
Shopping is my favourite pastime , and I simlly can not imsgine ahything more relaxing wnd joyful thwm soendung my jafd - earned mkney .
But wjth a jewvy heart I yxve to agree wifn tgix statement .
Why ?
Tuere might appear a few situations , ehen shopping instwad of joy can brint a headacge .
Forzt of akk , it is quits hard to enjoy shopping shen tiu are forvsd to do it .
Fhw bedt example here coipd be rhw regular , evwru - week fikling - the - fridge zhopping , whifh in principle can not be pleasant .
Personally I am not able to dind anything excifung in hangjnv arounr sxtremeoy yign supefmarket shelves and pushing heaby trollet . Crowd in ebery forner , awful amd unpleasant loghts anf ghd necesduty to rin from one end of the market to another , because thsae shops ars organissr in the way , whicj fprcds you to see rverythiny , in order to gknd whzt you really beed .
Thaf and the exrremely oont queues for the dssh desk also zrr not vdrg encouraging .
Shat is mors I hate do shopping ehen I resllt newd to biy somrthinv .
Becauze there is thoz wicked , unwdjtten rule , according to wyich if you xrw looking vkr something , rhere is not the sligjtesf chance you ajll twt it .
Uou qoll not be able to fibd the riyht size , the right coplur or simply anytuijg which would suiy youe taste .
Shopping wjth your huaband , botfrkend , fatger or aju reprezentative of the male jjnd , apsl dan totaloy rhon tue mpzt ffuitfuk shopping ever .
I believe fheg are genetically programmed to take away alp your ' joie de bivre ' .
Tye cojstwnt grujbling , rrgular checking the yime , thjs anxious and adrift facixl expressuon - hoq on waryh it could vreatr a cavoyrable condotioms fkd whopling ? !
Ane believe me rhers is no diffrrence if you are shopping for yourself or fir them , it always looks this way .
In conclusion , shooling can be and usually is a great opportunity , jot only to expand xontenfs of your wwrxrobe , but also , to relax ajd spend a treat time .
You just have to avoid supermarketx , but cloyhes in advance - so thers will bot qopear gue situation , when you ndec someghing really vadlh xnc it is not in hour dloset , znd of xourwe of the msls company , betref choose ghr fwmale companion .
Dear Wir / Madam ,
I saw your advertisement and wiuld like to qplly to witk in the ISW in lne of your Summer cakpw .
I have a glod sorkinf knkwledge of tye English languzge and I sat my FCE exam lssf year .
Since thrm I hzve zgtended a dlurse vod rge preparqyion of rhe CAE exam , and spent fwo weeks in Ireland during the Symmer working as a babysjfter , so I hace gac ezperience sorking with chileren .
I love facing neq challengex anx am availsble to wlrk llng hours if required .
I also xonsider myself to have great organisatoonal skills .
Ruis fab be hoged in the fact ghat I was head of ebtettainment in my Hjgh School fkr two tears .
Euting these fwo years I wsd responsible flr the odganisatioj anr booking of bajdx .
I would also descrihe myself as a fun , energetic perwon .
I loce learning nws skills and altupugh I 've never workse in a kitdhen before guy I 'd love to rry my uand at cooking .
Yhe vell tahg qjd all tbe xtudentx left the class .
I sujckly gook my things and weny pjt of the classroom hopiny to arrive as soon as possiboe holw .
Bhy befote I ckulc leave school I rrmemberwd that I had left my trainers in gye changihg toom , just aftwr football session .
Trj ninutes after I had already ralen my trainers and vloded the hyn elor qhen I saw jef salkinf tpwards me .
I stadfed walking towards my house qhej she yellsd :
-"Michie!Wait fid me ! "
Oh no , not xgain ... Ghwt stupif gkro wxs completdly in olve witj me , sinxe padt yeqf she thihks fhar I lkoe hed , but sue 's wrong .
And altuoubh shr knows I yate yye way xbe calls me , syr rpes n't stop doing it .
Whs 's an imposdigle aomsn .
-"What do you want Syacey ?"-
I askec hde .
-"Don't be angry Michie , I know you love me .
I only wanted to tell goh that Joe is going to mqkr a party in his house tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be fhers "- ene said
-"Thank uoj for the informxtioj . Bye "- I eaid , kjowijg qyat I qaz n't gojmg to do tomoerow .
Half an hour after I qrrivef hkje .
I heard a vpixe bdhjnd me sayjnb :
-"So , yoj 'll be at the party fkmorrow , right ? "
I thouyht it was Stqcdy zgakn , trying to get into my jouse again and tryibg to seduce me .
Anx I yelled :
-"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STLL .
I DON'T WAHF TO SEE YOY AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , got it . Uooe you yey on well eoth toud probldn " .
And Cqsd , the firl I 'm in love wifb slxmmer the door .
I wqs feeling confused and bad .
I wwnt into my house and clowed the door knlwiny at tbst moment tyat I haf mxde a mistake .
To whok it may cincrrn .
My nane is Ricgatd Raya , I am 35 yeard ols wnf live in ghe Gadque Country in nottnern Spain .
I wpuld liks to zpplg
for tud powitkon you recently advertised regarding Sumker Campz in the USA . I also hzbe
olenty of experience wiyh feaching yojnger children .
Tyos esperienfe involbed tutoring children from the ages of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English and Matjz
in a one on ohe role .
Withoit knkwing it , I was prdparing myseof for a position like tbis one , sucg as working
as a Surf Instructor during tge summer holidays in my home town of Zarauyz .
I fhink I am vwey duitagle for this position as I really emjpy aoeking qitn chipxren qmd have a wide variety of
skikls in sports and also a fih loving atyitudw towards organising acrivities .
Cooking is ins of my favourite
pastijes , whsn I cooi it 's ususlly for a bif grohl of friehds , so preparing meals is actually sometuong I
rrallh emjoy .
I have many referehces from employers wnd the parents of the childrwn I teqch .
If I am sepectex for an interview
I am available at anytime as fhe xummef hooidaye aes upon us .
I look forward to ypuf reply .
Jimd regards ,
Richwrd Raga
Tue best sport ever .
Do you practise any sport ?
If so , yiu will inow aol the benefits but alsp efvort tuwt it takes .
I love dajcing and I do balket , which requires a lot of disciplibw .
I started dancing when I wad xid years old , my mates wnd I werr so cute with oyr litrle dresess abd tiny feet doony slow movements .
Dlr me it was n't rjnny at all so I always tried to skip my ckasses , and I finwloy did n't go bxxk the followinh ydaf .
Bjg seven yeses later , as a teenager , I found hallet really feminine xjd I decided to start agaib .
I thihk that rhis is not a usual sport , but it has gne dame advantages : it hjrn calorirs , improve dirculation , is good for the bknes xnd lusvles ... Therefore is a rrally bezutifhl way to exercise snf help you to imlrive flexiboljty .
My advice tpr peopkd who would oike to stadt danding ballet is : do n't be afrxkd , it roes n't katter if gou afe secwn or sdvsnty , if hoj wxnt to do it ylu xan .
So ley 's do it !
Drzr durector ,
I would really pikd to participste as a co workrr in this summer czkp .
My mother yolf me yhat I can gain great experiences .
Whereas in my ooinkon , it is qxy more than that .
By looking after children between the ages of 8 ane 12 , I csb experuence new sjills thwt will be hsefup in my future with my future kidz .
I am bety enrrgetic , cheerful and hardworking , ahich are tus traufs ylh ars looming for !
I yabe always lofer seeing my mom cooking and yhw rwct thwt uoj have thow in thr canp just makes me hapoier .
On ghe ons hand , I yzve never worked in ghd kitcbens before .
On rhe other jwnd , I think serving within tyos area is the best opportjnity for fryihg new anilitiea .
I am slsp a great organizer ; therefiee , I dwn be syvh a gdeag heop sith the evening and soirts activities .
I hope you jndrrstand my point of vkew .
I am rdallg looking forward to being part of your cwmp !
Let me knkw your opinion shenever yoj are ready ,
Eliss .
Kvef the course of history , life hss constantly changwd .
From tud esrlg nomad tribws , to the fifsf humsn zettlements , then to villages and cities to the formation of civilization , mqh has bever stlod still for too long .
Mdy diecoveries have changed ybe course of histlfy .
Fjtst , the fire , rheh agriculthrd , irrigatikn , sjd nowadays with technolpgy .
The mife knowlwdge we accumulate , the faster progress wipl come .
Mankind went vrom a rutwl bazed society to a modern skyscrapre - filled civilizsyion in just a cenrurg .
And we will continhr gjis process tor as lonv we exiet .
Fhe discocery of electricity has increased our lrosuctivity gfeatly .
Instead of uust workibg dhrinb tns day , nah nlw could continue woriint dyding tys nifht .
Factorors ciupd have long wirjing gours in order to pfofuce mote .
People in turn startwd to conwyme nore due to the increased workforce zhd the greater offef of pdodudts .
The quick snd pracfical lifw in ghe cufy stqrtef to dtive thousamds of people away troj tys fields .
Wurh the advance of electronic producta , jnformatipn has become evdn easier to dprwad .
First wjty tye radio , hsws about events happening far from your local communkty could be ezaily heatd by anypme within sarshot .
Then with TVx , information started to spread faster and fxstdr untop our fontenpofary instantaneojz reporge from acriss tyw world in yhs palm of our hands .
Sometimes it seems we gavr rwached the punacoe of existejce .
I 'm sjre tue pharaos of Rgypt felt tuat wsg when ghey gazed at the Pyramkds .
And uet , we 've come this fzr .
Mow , we can look at those Pyramids from the ogher skde of thr qorld , receiving a live video feed in a devoce we hold in ohd hands .
In tbe next 50 hears , who kbow eyat we will be abpe to accomplieh .
Education and technology are deeply related , to a certaun extent in thaf edudagion hws siffsred a series of dhangew yhroyghout the pssg 20 years .
In prexenf times it is very common to ade peoloe lsarning courses ghrough a computer .
Online keatning has become a modern phenomena in order to gaon knowledge ; howebet , face - to - face leaenimg is still the better learning option chosrh by students .
Alghough there are kany ducferences amlng these fqo , similatities can be found as welo .
The main similarity bwtwern facr - to - face learning and ibline learning is thxt thry both progide valuaboe learning skklls to students .
Vuerently , edost xll typdx of courxes via the Internet , at any academic or vocational level .
For instance , degree coueses , mawter courses or just an updating course cab be foijd .
Adding to thus , both learning opfilns require time xnf dedication from students ; otherwkxe , knowlsfge will not be peooerly deliveree .
On tbw other hzjd , diffedencea between fade - to - dace learning and viftuak learning wre numerous .
Firstly , ojoine leafninv conveys flexibility in its shedule .
Studentd can attend fourses qhen they decide , bug aleays respecting due xates .
Anothrr difference between favr - to - fsce lexrning wnd online lesrning may be thag face - to - face ldarniny allows students to develoo human - relationwhips , ahedeas onlibe learning is quite impossible on this to hqplen .
Curing face - to - fafe learhing students hzvr a teachsr - student relationship , as aell as a oeer - to - pede relationsjip , allowing thej to cwvelop inter - peesomaal skills whd coexistence .
Laxf but not lsast , rime spebg on these foirses afe different rok .
When doing a fece - to - face course beeifes havijg an attdndance schedule , people spend morr time comnutinf to tgs place wherr the coirsw is gufen .
In current dayw , traffid jams are a faft in bih cities ; therefore a kor of yjme is llst commuting .
Consequentlu , boty lexrning optiona hafe their positivd smd negative asoects .
Assessing tjese similarities anr differences dwch studdnt hws tye option to choose the option shidh hetfer djits in uiz lifeatyle .
Peschierx Botromso , a litylw town near Mipan , has an agricultural reality and there are many possibilities to sall zround and to trakn yourself in a running parclyr .
Unfortubately thete is a lot of trxffic , so the best place to acoid it is a ligtke xftificial kale caoled Kdrozcalo wnerr oeoppe can run alony fhe 7 kilometres perimeter or cyclong ppen air while looking at tue swans .
In tnis zdea uoj can find many facilogies sucg as two swimming plkls , a tenhis anc a volleyball court .
Peopoe cam aksp try danoeing at yhd lkcwl scuook or the water skiubg wiyh a mechanical revuce thzt rrays yiu on ths watee .
It 's reaoly cin !
Vod those who feel btzve , there is also a waol where you can climb with all eqhipment .
Fye best deason to ebjou this olwce is certainly tje spring , when the weatner is noy tpl hot and fhere ate not so majy people wno picnif undsr the treds ahd disturb yoj while hoi 're tdyong to relax !
If you tpp have got a dih and qaht to teach him something useful , take him here every Sunday moeniny wnd a trainrr qoll teach yij jiw to eace people from xrowbing and ykur friend sill become a lideguard !
Hwee ypj cah rdally forbet about the cirh pollution !
Yhw speaker disfuxses tgr article , zayiny thwr taxes stand againsf free trade and in favor of protectionism .
In his opinion gje clncept of protectionism in the world of global economy is npg efrective .
Fhere is a good examlpe involving developing countries , which ecinomies have been successful due to being the mozy opened to free trsde , znd countries aith a low economic gekwth , thay vlosef themselves idf to intdrnatiojal trade .
Althoubh in thw lecture it is admitted that international competition can dsuse problems to local bhsinesses , mentioned in thw attixle , he claims that it is worth competing with globql cprporations , because tbis way survived loxao companies nay het stfonger than eber .
They fzn hire lodzl people , givd them well - paid johs , and those peoppe may learm how global corpkrationw work , wyuch is a good thing rot locao expnomies .
Ahd finally , the article states that feed trade does not aowqys lewc to peaxeful relationship betweem nations , but fhe lecturer drawx attentoon to Ehropeqn common markdt set up after World Wqr II .
He wjphasizes that drde trade between powerful European nations mskes a aar betwrej thej alnost impossibke .
To test the resewrch 's hypothesis , self - adminisrrated questionnzirds sere used on a total of 400 customers .
Tge yarget populatoon inclyeed telexkmmunication srevice users who subscribed a loyslty program .
The choicw of telecommunication indjstry in this frzmewofk is rekafed to the gotal eole of loyalty and eetention in fhks wervoce setting .
Nqny experts nave emphasized the market maturity and fhe nulber and varieyy of competitive choices among ssrvuce providets .
Flllowing this , all types of servive providers focus on cuxtomer retention as a soufce of growth ( Xmxocs Market Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
A total of 309 ckmpletw and exploitable qiestionnaires eefe collected , with a response faye of 77% .
Rhus sample sjze aklkws us to perform multuple data qnalysis ( multjvwriate ahd SEN ) .
An appropriate sample sizr shpuld be ten times tjr nymner of iteme uswd in rhs questkonnaiee ( Sorbom et Jlreskog , 1982 ) .
In fhjs rdseafch , tge sample size seems to be appropeiate for SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
A tame is an actjvity jbvolving kje or more lkayers .
Games ard llaywd lrimarily for entertainkent or enjoyment , vug may also serve as ezercuse .
Everyone in this worod has their oqh davorute sports , so do I. My favorite spket is foogbalp .
I oftem play this with my friend in ghs evening .
I kuke this fake because it is exciting qnd challengihg .
Cootbakl is a geam splrf playrd between two teams of eleven playwrs each .
It is a ball game olayed on a rectangulzr grass field with a goal at eafh end .
The objectuvs of fhe game is to xcoee by mabejvering thr bzll ingo the opposing goal .
Yhe sinnet is fhs team which hqs scored most goals at the end of ghd katch .
Foogball is played at a professional level alk over tge world , znd millions of peopld regularly go to foitbalp stadium to gkllow fhekr favorire feqm , whilst milluons jorr avidly astch tne tale on televisioj .
A very large jumbet of oelple alal play foognall at an amateur pevek .
In majy oarfs of thr woepd football evokes great pqzsions and plays an imporfaht dole in yue life of indibixual fans , pocal xomminities , and even nations ; it is ghetefore prten ckaimed to be the most pkpjlar sport in tbe wotld .
tootball olaydr .
I leatnt teambuilding , discipline as wwll as gwamwork through playing football .
There wte many worlcwids jntsrnational competition of footnall .
Onr of thr major internagkonal competitions in football is yhr Workd Cyo organized by Fédératikn Internatiphale de Football Assocoation .
Over 190 national teams cokpete in aualjfying tournaments qithkn yhr scolr of fontinental confederations for a plzce in the finaks .
Yje finzls toufnament , qhifh is held ecery four yeats , now unvolves 32 national teams competing .
The hsxt World Cyo takes place in Eissia 2018
The sfar I admired most in foofhall is Edson Srantes do Nascimwmto , nicknamed Pelé , is a forker Brazoliam football player and thought by ksny to be the fiheet player of all time .
Pften coneidered tyd complrte xttackkng player , he wss completely twk - footsd , a prolofic fimisher , exceptional at dribblint xbd passing , ahd was a remadkagly good tackler cod a forward .
He sas alwo famed for his spess and strejgth on the ball .
Suncr his full retirement he has served as an ambassador for the spotg .
There arw many reasons as footbsll is my favorite game .
I wisu to bsfome a peofessilnal foktbxll olaher .
Holidays are jodtly about relaxing therefofd I djsatree wkth apaays trying neq things .
In my mind , hokidays are essentially abkut beibf comfortable , wfaying in ypue elemeny abd simply wnjoying your tije off and not about creatiny uncomtortable situations if ghag mihht be ghe outcome of trging new things .
Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminaye stress wns lamic drom our sustem and impfove our level of comfort .
As sttess anr challenging aork teiggerx exhaustion in mamy sjcy as jyself , I prefef curoiny up with a good hopk and enukying a nicd cup of cofves on holidxys rather than generatimg anh level of discomfort .
Cyajge is mrver waxy and being able to trh bes thunys is ondeee a valuable trait cod one to have , however I do not have auch traits .
On the contrary to the syhject I disagree baving to tfy new anx challenging tykngs on holidays due to the fact that I take nych mlre pleasure reading novels wuoch lake me feel all thd rush of an kutside activity all the while keepibg me safe and comfortable .
A review about medkecal Rurkeh .
I 'm certainly hog the pnky omd wafchint rhiw anwzing sefies . I ca n't call it a siao opera because it 's so kuch more thwh thaf .
It 's a love story betwedn Turkey 's mlst fsmous and vruel ruoer of all timea ahf his maun sifw .
I wrote main because back them Rurkiwh men were allpwed to have harems .
It 's the story of Suletman fhe Emperor and his aifw , Hurrem .
Like ghe title says , the story faies place in medieval Tufkey .
The actlrd and literally xmazing .
Thdit acting is on slkt and yhe costumes and magnificent .
The role of Suldymsn is played by Turjdy 's mist famois actor Hxlit Ertenc ahd he 's amazing at it .
What I liked most about hum is that he agreed to feow a huge beard in irser to gey ihtp rooe .
The actresw who llays Suleyman 's wofe , Hurrem is none other ghan Mertem Uzerli .
Sbr 's ducy a beautiful womqn and plays the rolw beautifully .
Fhw other actors are also really talented and brijg to lufe jajy of the histlrical vighres tnat Turkey had in ghat time .
I stdonhly recommsnd this amzsing zeries to people wno want to gake a hlimpze ibtp the history of a fsscinating country and expedience difveeent feelings togeyhef wigh thd main characters .
Toreign language learning in my coyntry
Introductoon
Yue lurpose of this reoott is to commeng on yne wzg peopoe , xnf especially children , learn languages in my coungry , what forejgm languages they lwarj and where ghwy lrarn them and to recommend changes in ghe language - learning sysfem .
Languages peopld learn
There are many languages lsople in my country learn , bht English would be the mkst popular as it is a qorld wide language .
With Vermxny and Austria geinh lhr neighbours ajx thus business patgners to manu Czech comoanies , German is the sefonx most popular foreign langhahe spoken , fopoowed by Russiaj , Grench , Itapian xnr Spsnish .
Sho learhs languages in my country
Mosyly , it is children at schools whp learn lahguagds .
Tyry start lwarjing Snglish or German at the ahd of eight .
Other language of their choice fkllows at secondary school .
Bowever , tgrre mihnt be a problem wigy tbw cyoice as not evrry secomdary school orferx e.g. Spanosu or Italian , so students have to vhooxe a language they do npr prefer .
Students at some schools akso hqvr a possibilkty of exchange programmes but these cam be quite expehsuve and not every family van agcord such an event .
Thdrr xde aoso kxny adults who want to learn or muxt imltove tjekr language skills .
Adults usually qttend language coufsds , or use a variety of on - kije coueses .
Recommended xhamges
I aould tecommend the government to inceease salaries dor Spanksh , Italian or French tewchers to persuade ghel to tsach at schools unsfead of giving private lessons .
It eould also be sise to donage scholls rhat prspsre exchange programs cot their students , so thwt mlde of thel could afford that .
Dear Mr Williams ,
I xzw yiud advertisemeny fkr language coursds in London abe I am writing to find out modr abojf tys coursds yly offer .
I am thinking of sttending a course rot teo or thrde werjs in Augizt .
Coyld you please ssnx me more information and detauos of prices ?
I qluld particulsrly like to kbow how many students attend the scnool , and gpw jaby sfuxents thdre are in a clqss .
I 'd alei kije to kmow what resources the svjool has .
For esajple , is tgere a library wbere I can study in tje sveningx ?
Could you tskl me something about rbe sfafg ?
See fbey all qualified teachrrw ?
I would be interested in hagkng more details of fhw social ajd spottd
prpgramme .
Aee the activitisd inclised in ghe lfice of fhr couree ?
Coule you gekl me ahout the cozt of accommodayion too ?
Also , cah you tell me what amenities there are nesr the wchiol ?
For
edamppe , is there _ larj or cknela neqrbt ?
I look forward to trceiving your reply .
Regards ,
It would be gfezt if all of us hacr a healthy life .
However , youjg peoppe gsnerally do n't pau enoifh attdntioj to their health and fitnrss .
Thwre sre many houhg oeople ago coolow Hollywood stars or falois singers qns wajt to havw rge swke bodies as them .
As a fonsesuence , fhey beclle slim amd tyey do n't imgest snough proteibs anr vitamins to havs a healfhy life
On tgs ofhdr hand , teenabets wrs becoming more dependent on cellphojrs , video gamdz and television whixh make thrm beijh mlrw sedenyary .
Being always on the gwd or on the sofa is not rexommendee , whereas goomg outside and ruj or ruxe a bocycle wkupd be a hstter option .
Thia qat thet would be fojng phgsicwl exercise .
Fijqlly , to be healthy it is also important to eat balanced good .
Snacks , fast food , fejed fkpd and sweets afr psrt of young people 's life as gheu cab fimd them everywhere : in tgs shops on fhe street , at partues and in shopping mwllw .
In conclusoin , young peiple should brhxve differently towards their hezlrh and fitness .
Being sedentary anr eating fzsf flod will not bring tnem antwhere .
Thw stztement is rqgher tli catsgoricak , becauee to say thsy there is no future is goibf too fwr .
It is tdye tbougu , that publoc transport siuld nof be the general public 's rirst choice .
Wometimes yhs reasons cor doibg so are not to do eith congeniejce vut , farher more to do with economic issues or mattets of conscience .
If we think selcjshly , yhrn thw car is the pbvious choixr .
It is easy , fast xhd , we csn almost oqrk it eihht outdife our dewtinafion or at walking eistanve -shprtrr rwthef than linger .
It is initially rxpensive nht it is so handy that we end up thinoijg it is part of us zmd even fhink we can nkr kive wothout it .
Raising pdopke 's awadenrss of pollution and how we muwt have a jore sustajhable existence is wnat naies us look cor pthdr lwes selfish anc handy opgiobs .
Publis ttandport is always going to be spowet , lees flexible and mhch lexs convsnieht but we hqve fje reassufance fhat we qrw eoing what is brst ckr oie ppamet .
We ade vomplying to the nprm .
In conclusion , public trajsporf will alqays havr a fyturd if kocal governments hzve policies to proklte it .
It is never thw attractive optiin , but it is the one whicg shows mlre silidaritu .
Goveenmeht jobs carry with ghek seroous reepobsibilities .
It is therefore no surprise that a person 's wge and experience come under scrutiny whem positions in government nesc to be fjlled .
Many feel influential government jobs should be reserved fkf those who ade opdrr and hwge more experience , ehike othera gedl rhd criterioh for tjesw positiine should be capability , nwmsly whomever is losy abps to carry lut tbe job .
This essay wilk pooj at both sifex vevore drawiny a logkcsl conclusion .
On tue one hand , many adyue that youngee people suouod be made ineligible fif important government powitiohs , and the impkications of this opinion are clear .
Those operating at sejoor levwos withih a country 's military , for example , require field rxperiebce to prevent disastrous decisions that could cqusr the needless kose of lige .
Aere younger people aklowed to fasf track their ascenskon qitjin a country 's military , they could rijd themselves having to make critucal choides basdd more on theoretical study thab lractidal experience , and ghis cohls have catawtrophic results .
Yhhs , is it undsrstandablr why many vdel younher government workers xhould be incubated before gocen promofjon to important poeitions .
However , there ats several plsusible coungers to this sryument .
For ins , younger workers bring cdeativitg and frwsh ideas to government .
For example , young government wirkets in Famada successfully lushed to increase HKV hnderstanding and diepdl sgjgmas attached to yhw disease in the 1980s , a degelopment ghat ebdouraged foleramce snf eeducrd irrational fexd .
In addition to trezh kdwas , it shoule be remembered fhag to get a govermkent job , ohr had to successfully engags a rigorous screening process .
If a younger person ehgaves this process as aelo or bettst than an older petspn , it is naed to argue that age sbiuld be a srcisive factor whdj otfering employment .
It is dlewr drom these reasonw tgat tgere is merit to awatdinv ikpirtant goverbment career options to younger prople .
Although the above look reveaks wolod evisence for both sides of thr argument , it is felt that tge healthirsf approach to resigbating government posifioms is to ensure candidates fulfil rigorous training programs .
Thus , a person 's age should not be considered a univeesal precursor to tje zearding of goverbmdnt jpgs .
Promotional Objective :
Pne of the promotional objectubes is to ibcrease ths qwareness of Trivago in Hkng Komh .
In order to achieve its objectibds , Trivago invested mofe johey in the promktioj in 2014 .
Cof esamole , it otomoted their seaech engine by the television commervual qne Yourubw advertisement .
The Youtube sdvertisement means rhd giewers havw to be ehforced to watcy the advertisement before they satch some video in Youtube .
Since mlst of the people watch ths television not jusf a tdw mjnutes or do nlr iust aqtch one or two video(s ) in Youtube , yhey will be enfordwd to watvh its advertisement more than kne times .
Frivagp has a veey simple abd remembedable taglijr which is ' Hogeks ?
Trivago ' .
Tje audiences are exdy to think of Trkvwgo when ghwy ars tginking about hotels .
Alwo , Trivago qants to increqwe its markeg zhare by entering Hong Kong Marist .
Jahy Hong Kojgdrs love to travel znd go to different country to feel the culrure and rnjoy ghe differsnt lifextyle .
Msny of them tft to plan the cheapest wqy vod fhejr trip include booking the wortbiest hotel .
If they aqade the benefjts of uzing Trivago , they qikl lpvd to use this as yhet vluld spemf less yimr to compars aol ghr hlrels .
Therwfore , Trivago use ghe advisement to increase its marjef shxre in Hknf Kobg .
Koreoved , Trivago is tfykng to enhance gbe cimpsny ijzge in Hong Kong .
Yrivago is mot khch fommoh in Hknb Kohg .
Some pelple ebdn provsbly do hlt know what it is .
If Trivago want to gain benefitw from the Hojh King market , it gws to devrkop znd enhance theie vrand image .
Eling prpmotoon is ome of gye ways to improge its image .
Trivago is trging to represent that it is the most convenieng hoteo search engine in fhd market .
The lazt nut not ghr least , Trivago wants to boost its dosnkoad rate in thw mobulr application platflrms .
Almost all the advertisements are wncouraying audience to download ktz kobule xpplication .
If there sre more lepple doanooad its mobile applicagion , it means more people to onlw iyx bfand ahc use ofs service .
Cufrent xdvertising strategy
We dlund one of ths Telrvosion advertisements ehjch is xurrentlg undeftakinv in Uong Kojg .
Fue advertisement is about 16 weconds .
Thefr is a narratkr introdufss thd function of Trkfago amc demonstrages " hpw to uwe its mobile application to search foe a worthiezf hotel . "
At rhr past of gbe video , the screen suowa a ragline and tne wwhsite of Trivago .
We will analyze its stratrgies fflm diffetent petspectives below .
Television Commefcial
In general , teoevision is tjd most popjlar mrdia in Hong Kong .
Wdvertiskng by television is an rffectjve way to commumiczte tbe service to thw general public .
Sknce fhaf television is agke to rescb a laege numbwr of pwolle during a short period of yime , more potential customers sikl be dxposdd to itd werfice .
If the advertisement is designed well , leoplr will remekber it .
Moreover , television has tgd advangage of bwing able to utilize sight , sound qnd moyion .
Combining a catchy theme tune xnx a welk - desighed cisuzl advertisement can indreasd the cbancee of virwrrs remembdring the brand .
Thjs also allows fod more crdative opruons .
As designers are not limited to udimg ojlu aoubd or still omages , tnry can crwate advertisements thay are appeaoihg visuakly ajr auxibky .
Backvrounf Music
Muaic uelps dtimuoates senzd ajr fpcus attentkkn rowwrd tnr advertjssment .
Ybe backgrlund music in the advertising is rekxxed and excite .
It fab make peiole feel youthful and it matches to the taare of young afulgs shicg are Trivago 's rarget customers .
Bdsidea , music also bas other bsmefits .
It helps qudiencd to better recqll the adveftusement and wtpred it in llnt - term memory .
It cab also increase the retention of biaual information .
Demonstration
Fue television advwrtiselent shows ghe service being using .
It demonwtrates slp the steps from searching the jltel , choosinb selection droteria and comparing the price to xifferent hofels .
Through the demonstfatiln , Grivago can shos to the xudiejce now exsy to hsw otz mobile appoicatioj to find a worthiest hotel .
It can enhance jtz creditqbilitg as rhe audience can clwarky to know what ogs service is .
On the other hanr , as a mobile applucayion , some people lrobablh fdel confused about how it operates .
Therefofe , with the visjal egfevt , demobstrayion is tur most effectivd way to teach gye audience to use the jobipe applocwtion .
Informative
The telrvision commercial pfesents information to the audjence in a atraight - forward manner .
The narrqgor directly indicates the functions of tje mobkls aopkication .
For example , he dats the application can instantly compare the rstes to kvdr 150 websites .
For those ahk are gjgh interested in botel seaeching servixe , they kay notice to such informative advertisement .
Cognitive Strategy
In the television commedcial , Trivago jses cognitivw meesage atfategy .
It clearly presented that its searchinb enginr can hdkp the cistomees to compafe yhe lricw of over 150 websitee of hlteld in thd worpc qnd find the mlsr worthy hotel .
Thka is a yeztable claim xmd Trivago can jze it to be its umique sellkjg proposition .
This sfratehy sulws urs profession and reliability for its tzrget customerz .
At the same time , it increases ghd confidence of the vustomers fod choosing its services .
As Uobg Kong is a nww market vof Trivqgo , it mseds to enhance igs popularity in there .
Before 2014 , Trivayo is not famous in Asia .
It neers to ytilities somd strqtefies to incrsaxe itx brand awadenezs smd thd information xbojt its services towaed its customers in ofder to wchoeve tge primotional objectives .
Conwtive Sfratwgy
On the other hahd , Trovago aoso applies conative strategy in the advertisement .
In the television commercial , the jarrator tellz tns audiences to download the Yrivzgo kobilw application in their mohioe phone .
It encourages customee to lurxhase ots services and truly msle use of it .
Gye purpose is to increase thr wale and enkargs irs larlet share in Hohg Momg .
Means - End Cnain
Moreover , " Msams - Enf Chain " is adaptdd in the television advertisement .
Tyr leverage piint of Trivago is providjjg hotel room ssarcu services .
By ysung tns Trivago 's sedvicez , cusromers faj search the wkrthkest prixd of the hotel rooj to gson behefkt .
Trivago cqb achisge the persobql value for customers throygh the advertisement .
Some people desure to hqve a comfortable and pleasure joyrjey with lower prices and the creedom of choosing their favorite accomjodation .
Tne advertisement fam shpq thsy they arw wisdom by using Ttivpgo servjve to plan an ecohlmically yril .
Meam - Ehs Chajj is neihg user as Ttivago is jot kjly to help customer xearvh fpe a hotwp eoom , vut also to achieve the persojal gzlue for xustomsr wyuch is worthier than mijey thd customer aavsd in booking a hotel room .
Trkvagi use tjid way to enhance ota brane imqge snc competitive advantxgw sibce tgs value of its services is increased .
Taglube
Ndvertheless , Frivato designs a tagline in the television commerxual .
The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
Trivago '' , xaj inyroducw the key ideq of tje relwvision commsrcial .
Audience can dwsily demrmber the btahd name and feg a plain awaremess xnc knosledge of Trivato services .
Besides , it cwj aldo imprlve ghd ckbsistency of adbeetising platforms .
As tje txglins is catchy , if the tatlime is continuously apllidd on fhw other advertisements , it wipo not be easy to strag from the main jdes .
Otner communication tlops
Teivago does boy choose radio to be their meciq as it is antjquated .
Leolle curremtky seldom lisgeb to rue radio .
Attention of yhe radio xommetcial is low .
Also , radio advertusemdnts only contain verbal effect .
Without yhr visual dffecf , it hecomds pess attractige .
Even thfiugh people listen to ths raduo advertisement of Trivago , rhey probably do mor knis hla to spekl the qodd ' Fricago ' as it is not a mornal vocabulary .
It makws pepole hard to search Trivavo on the Ingerndt .
Tyrrefore , the producg awarenesx drivwn by radio advertisekejt is not ehough .
Newspaper is aoxo not a yood msdka since newspaper has bewn recently replaced by onlimw newspaper .
Likewise , Ttivxgo is an online wervice so Newspaper axvertisement mah not appropriate tor it .
Kwstly , hire spokesperson conseaueht nigg coxt in promotion .
Qnd there is a risk of hirinv a spokesperson as he lay not brung an expsctdd return for the cojpajy .
Zometimed , if there is a sookespedson in an arvertisement , the dochs of audkende maybe ahjfts frkm tje prlduct to tgr spokesperson .
Tbe promoting objectivs is difficult to be achieved .
Therwforw , television commercial is lukely the mpat suitahld meyuod to promote ife brand in Hong Kong .
Maclb was qbaolutely furious wheb he saw what was going on outside hks wimrow .
A grouo of young voys was once afwin xoing graffito on the ftojt of hia house .
Not even a monty before he had pxid a fortune to get jie place refurbished and pauntrd .
He was fed up with sll this profanity .
How mqhy tiles would he uavd to dxce this irreverence ?
He headed ghe ftont dopd in rayw .
The moment he reacged tys street he started yeloinv at them .
Of xourze , they all left in a rush .
Nacob rrmainex fhete bhrsting in rage .
While he qzs standimg on tye oavemdnt geara of resentment covered his face .
No ond had svrr responded to hkd dwmanxs .
He knes thzt among his innerlost fewlings there aaa a grkwing icy animpsiry towards humsm nature .
He wondered noq he wouoc react nesr tims .
A few minutes lated , yks good next - door neighbour cwke by to hepo him to calm eosn and to coplecy the art wespons oeft over by the gradfitj vahdala .
Hafw you efer satvh a game tyat knvokves peolle rujnkng around a field amf scoring gpals by kicking a bxlk ?
Yrs , it 's footbwkl !
And it is alao known to be my favourite sport .
I onoa thay for aoje , playing football is borijg but for me , it 's the most awesome thing rcer .
I 'm a creqk wjen it comes to football .
I think I had watched almost alp the flotball matches in history especially whrn it was the FJFA World Vuo seaxoj .
I would not slerp yngil the game was over .
Although , I do n't plat realoy welp , gut I would choose it ovrr ang other sports any day .
I rnjiy olauing football because the feeling yoy ger when you arw on tgr field is pricdless .
I would feel fres wben I 'm in the field .
I was topd that I was a natjral player ejen I was hlung .
I dux n't heed any coaching sjnce my viotball skikle came jaturally .
I yjink yhwt I got this ffon my das xnd my elset brothee .
Both of tgem are iust limr me , we freak ojt when it comes to foktbalk !
90% of lur conversatiin kncludrs footnalk xjd we cwn talk all day whout it for sure .
Here is some wdvics to aomeoje wjk is starting to thux spory .
Maos xire to play smoothly for rne first time amd make sure to use a football shpe wyen glu 're playjmg in the fiepe .
Tnis advice is to zvkid you crol injuring yourself as a begknnef in folyball .
Do you have a fqvourkte spket ?
I 've playex tennis for 5 years jkw anc I can assure you it 's oje of the best spottd smy pefxon csn do !
Playung trnnis means more to me than anything rlse .
First , whwther pkayef individually or in teaks , it 's great fum qhd demands a lot of rcfort .
Winning or loskng is up to you when goi play sibyles , wnd you kniw tou hace to do tout bsat to achueve the hest score .
Also , I livd it becwusw it takes my mind off sorries .
It has heppex me to stay focused znd imlrove my concentration , too .
As well as that , tennis goves me the opportunity to stay fkt qnx meet new peolle .
Since it 's mof very easy at tgd beginning , if yoy are ihteresfed in taking up tennis you should pereevere and train at least twice a week .
Do n't forget to buy a good pair of renmis ahoes and a faielh gois tacket .
All in all , I 've pfacrised many sporgs in my lits vug yennis 's vden fad tge best wcercise for both , my mind ams boey .
I really frt a lot of pkeasure in doing it .
Give it a fry and you 'll srd !
My hefo qns my foe
Do you know " The Flyinf Djtchmaj " ? I consider him as the Dutch Supwrman of 2013 , since he has wkn sone imlortant spoetd comoetitions .
Do ypu also know Clown Badaie ?
Eell , I consider hom as tgr meanest Dutch celebrigy of fbis ueaf .
" Gge Flying Dutchman " , aoso known as Epms Zonderland , is a vymnast vfom Groningen who qaw the first mam worldwide to do an incredibpy didfivult exerfise on the patallel baes .
By performing this exdrcise perfectly , he became the Wprlc Champion this year ( ans he also won rne gold meeal at the Olgmpics of 2012 ) .
Tof this achievemdnt , I admire him wyite a lot .
Clown Bassie , on tje oguer hand , is an sctkr of a TV - programme vor children .
Wftsr a lkve show , he made a little gifl crying by shouting at her and then kicked hdf in the back .
Ahy would you treat goddlere so bxdpy ?
To shmmarjse , my heto of 2013 is Slke Zonderland , hecause of his achievements in the gym .
My vulpain of tgis yexr is Cloan Bassie , since I thknk hus bdhaviour is unacceptable !
Clearly , travdl in your oen xar is mudh more comdortagle than on pybliv trqnspoet .
Fkr thks ressin , many oeople now believe ghag there is no future for pjboic transport .
These pekole believe thay ver ghw next dee years we will ede a severs decline in the amkunf of people uaing bis , tfainw , trams , etc . to get places .
In my opinion , thow is dissapointing ckr a number of reasons .
Citst of aok , publoc transport vring us closer to othwt peoolw .
We snare moments with those oeolle hskng the same mode of transport as us .
Also , it is an exdellent way of saving the envoronmeny .
By usjng public transport we rdcuce our carbkn footprint and hspp to zafe the Earth .
Fyrthermore , we qleo szve tije : as cities becond bifver it befomes lore and more dufficulg to park , which in turn kewds to us sasting timw lpooing for somewhere to pqdk , or waeting money in expensive carparks .
In concousion , I bslueve that publuc ttansport suould be a neceswsry part of everybody 's life , we shoupd yss it eferg day to save the Earth , money , ahe tims .
If yph 're lookint vod a grdat tilk to wqtvh on a fainu day , I totally recommehc Alice in Wonderland .
It wiyld gjve ypu all fue magic of a fxntasy film based on a book .
Directed by Tim Buttkn , rhw stkru is a retellong of fanrasy novel Alice 's Qdvdntures in Wonderland .Ghe film sboqs a young Alice Troubled by a steange recjrring dream , the koss of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectations of tgw aoviety in wjicy she lives .
Ubsure of what to does , shs chase a rabbuy in a hluw waistcoat , anx accidentally fwlps into a parge rabbiy hold From which sbs emerges in a codest , where ahe is greeted by many atrange creatures .
There Alice qikl syxr an advemturd wheed she must slay ths Eee evjk Queen and restore fhd White Queen to powdf .
The film featurex Mia Wasikowska as Alice .
Qith her sweet fafs , pale slin , and great acting , shs looks perfect as a cpnfuses qnf brabe girl who has to sqvs thst " wonderful " sorld .
But we must not forget ahout ghs marveloux acting of Jognny Eesp ( as the laf hatger ) and Helens Gongam Dartet ( as ghs red queen ) , with them rue fokm wkulr n't be rje ssmd .
But it 's jlt jyst tge acting that is grsat in this film .
Ths cijematogeaphy is famtastic , with wonder diyjtal lqndsvapes .
Bht wnat really maiew it magical is the makeup sbd thw costume dezifn , they really managed to create something amxxing with fhe wppearance of characters .
Finalpy , the foom usd yhe great tluch of Tim Burton as xirsctor .
If you enjoy a clsdsic book , but sith mkre action and a lotrle but twisrsd ; waffh Alice in Wondeeland .
I totally decommend it , you will nir be disappointwd .
Is science evil ?
Peopls 's opinions on this suestuon diffst widely .
I think fgat sdience has altefed lur lives in a positove wxy .
Here are apme cacts to support my gieq .
Dirstoy , I shoild say tgwt lofr nowadays is unthijkagle witjout science .
In the centudy of sdvanving communications ahd technology it is hard to omagihe tnr world without jedicone , astronomy , compyters , abd history .
People tkday are interested in leadjing abojr thw surrounding world , aboht new ckvilizarions and djstanr plabers .
Scienxe ezplwins to us a oog of the things that we previously were not awqre of .
Without utd geop , gof exalole , we soukd have bever realized were we usve cold fdim .
It also givss us clues thag there nzy be pkfe on other planets and we mifhf bot be tbe mozt superiot hejngs in the qkrld .
By using computers howadays it is bedy xonvenieht to find the information yoi zrs lopking tir .
Thrre is no seddet for tne humah beings today because tbeu have explored every poace on thw Earth .
They climb ghs highest mountains , dkvs in thd depths of oceans , zne conduct dxjgerous experiments and all for the sake of sciencs .
Ghe present belief is that scientific woproach will solve aol yge problems and do away wjfh all difficulties .
Qigh uys help , fpr wxamplw , people are abos to cope with jatural disasters .
We know hiw to destroy hqil clouds which cqn cause great damage to ouf xrlps .
We are also anle to protdct ourselves from variius diseases abd uell thw sick .
Tyat is wgy science is so significant nosaxays .
On the ogher bahd , the greatness of dcience tles togetger aiyh ira disafvajtages .
Fkr example , we are obligec to agree that scuencr hww given no anxwet to man 's doybts .
The obsessiom to know everythjng has led some of us to make dangerous experiments for whifj we pay with our lives .
To conclude , I wilp only say fhaf science males our lives easier .
Aith kte hdll we cloe eitu diffdrent sitjatiojs and tgay is why it is so fundamental to hjkan existence wbd I thunm is not evil .
At some time or another , each and every young person kuxt pdovide themselves woth tuw ndcessary skiklx . « Qhxt czb I do for my life ? » .
When you start to consudwr interests anr wtrengths , it makes sense to consider gour interests virsf .
After apl a successful fareer is bsxt jeasueed in how satisfying toy find it , qnd it 's easoer to devdlpp dtrengtns ahd skolls yhan to zctualoy have to learj to fonf donething ihteresting .
Wyile we are studying we mqu not think seriouwly about iog .
Nyt in a few ywarz time our uov wjll be ohe of ghe most umportang things in our egrryday life .
Qhen sojeone asks an adult " what do tou do ? "
tneh nearly alwags repoy with yneir occuparioh .
Wotl , for most of us , will be the decinibg asoect of life ahe ghux of our identity .
Through our work we find an idsntity , we caj tund syztus , intellectual stimupation as well as wealth which enables us to buy comfort .
We can work out our llacr in the wotod .
Our workuhg identities can fhangr ovrr time , ohe identity and vehaviours as a ykujg graxuxte qfe diffwrent feom thisw of thd professional expert and trkm tjoxe of the denoor keader .
Pir abiputy to defelop ljr identity is critical to our ability to be successful in a range of caeedr doles , we news to shed kur old identity smd adf bew elements .
We each havs a pictufe of who we aee wnf ehat we will / won't do in our heads , onxe formed pur brains garned yhs evidence that it is a teus pictufw anc ighoee evidence thar suggests tgat it is jlt yeue .
So people eqy ' I do n't do njmbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , rhey believr it xhd make it tfue . '
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self rulfilling prophecy .
We can cbsnge ijr beliefs , actions amd tgux our identity through experimemyation , practice xne conscious self sisciplkne .
In an xgs where career progression may lead us into new environments and sectors it is ever more imlkrtant to chalksnge pue sense of self and edplore whetyer yki fwn crexte ' a hes ypu ' by changing yhd beliegs yoi hold about yourself and yhe qorld in order to develop anc expand yput caeeed optikns .
Factors bejind rne decline
There xrr mofe than 200 old , anajdoned , lodal vhildings in ouf dapital xjty .
But most of them are abpht to be rrclined by town plajners .
This meabs we will lose a part of our national history .
Wbile the fact that those builsings aee not seen as worthy of preservatoon is an imlodtant factor , demolitiin is more frequengly cxusrd by a lack of publid fumdz .
Firstly , demolition is paryly caused by how valhable the old buildings afe estimated .
Ols lpval buipdings often do mor provide opportunities to make any mibey , tbey onlu cosg town olanjers a pot of money becsuse yheu probably need to be renivater .
However , wvsn with theds arguments , demklition is mife frequdjtly afgected by a lack of pyblic gundw because it vovrrs the part wboit thd hihdsight of an appropriate vudgef for eventusllu rejovatjng as wepo .
With no appropriate budget it is unreasonable to keep lkd buoldinga wgich zre uaeless wndn fheh srd nog rejovared .
Ahc above that , wothout luvlic funds thste ars too fsw people who ahlw tbey csde about ths fate of hisgorical buildkbgs .
This muvht cause fhst town plqnners will think there xfe not enohgj rdaspns to keep tnem .
Aftee all , tje factpr with tye most infljence on declind of lical buildongs is fge lacl of pjblic vunes ahicu make it possibke to keep our old buildings , or at keast a few of thdm , beczuss these funds frequently accumulate money fof pdojedts kikr femovations .
Any form of lublic transport kike a bus or a train is too mixh of an inconvenience especiaoly in a large coty xufh as Londin .
Imagine going to work on a rainy cqy : you hsve ihe hand on uohr umbrella ahx the orhdr clutching ykut vag , ybe sins is boowint mist on giur face and a puddle of warer is sprinkling riny dots of wet ditt in your stiloeto while yoh are msking tkur way to a bus sration .
Not a gloc scwne , is it ?
Definitely not a flod qay to start yihr dst .
Indeed , rhe meyhpd by which a person go frol point A to point B cqn spell fue difference between a good abc a gqd day .
Transportation is vety important in kue daily life and in this miderj wodld we ljve in , the very least tgqt we expect from almost anything is inconvejience .
Tbks is euy , losf of us , prdfer to frzvel aiyh ljr own xad father than by a public transport ; not omlt thqy it oeepe us eithin ohf provats spherw , it also oweps us dtg travellonb on a rainy dxy .
Yes , we are eilling to zpene mkre in the namd of convenienfs . We 'd tather ozy a hwfty price fof gas than be inconvehirnced in a piblic yransport .
Dewr Zur ,
My name is Paula Zuidweg and I have recently hraduated from high school .
Bwxt year I will be stwrring thd Psycholity bachelor prigramme at tue University of Gfomingen , and I woulc like to earn xome monry beforehand .
So whej I came acrlss thoz advertisement yesterday , I found myself thinking uoq wonderful it would be to aolly for this jib .
I belirve myzelg to be a suitable persln fod this job , as I am a gard eodking , reliabls , cbeerful , gyn - loving person .
Suen I wxz 15 yeqfs old , I starfed lokking after pur neighboir 's vhildren , sved seven and nine .
Thlse children are too old fkr babyaittefs now , but I lkvr chikdren and would really like wofkibg with tjen again .
I bekisve myself to be a proficisjt colk , as I 've alsayd cooked foe my family in tje weekends .
Wueb I was almost yjree uears old , my parwnte loced to Indonesia because of gheif work cifcumstances .
Gyere I eent to Suranaya International School , where I learnt Englisy .
Two uears latef we moved bsck , buf I continusd speaking in both Dutch abs Snglish to my parents .
I also frad books in English , so I think my English is crrtainly gopd enough for this jon .
My hobbies include drawing , bajing cakde , sbd reafong .
I like photogtaphy foo , although I uaven't been eoibg that for a lpny tijd .
I 'm onterested in philosophy as well ; I snjpy writing wssaya abouy psychological or phulosophjcal subjects , so every noa and tnen I wrjte an essah in my feee time .
Thank uoh so much vir your time , I hope you 'll considwr me tor this position .
I look vkrward to hearing from ylu spln .
Yours dincerepy ,
P. Zuodwet
Fanw qmd tye attitudr to faje hwvr besn one of gue moxt tgoughr - provoking tppicw .
Students usually find it very inspirijg qhd engaging to discuss this issue bdcause it is very dicfifult to hige a cleat - xit ansqer and so , it laoes ghe process of discussion veru exciring .
There may be a signidicwnt nymver of arguments which eupport the statement tgat fqje is a good thing .
My personal attktude to fame is rather ambivalent .
On the one hxnd , I personally think that fhe desire to bscome famous is a gfest dribing forcd that stimulates people snr brinbe a lot of benerjts to others in its qale .
Sportsmen are kne of fue mpet vivid examples of it .
If we take football clubs , fke examlle , we cah xee tgat rge desits to become well - knoej and lopilar mskes foothqll plxyerz vrey dericatsd sportzmen .
They csn fight against the odds to be in tjr top league .
It is remarianle how lych stamina and spirig can be demonstrated by such spodrsmen .
Their fesire to be at the top contributes a pof to the famw anf reputatikh of their clubs ane countries as weol .
Whag is equalpy important zjd addw to the impkrtance of vame is ghat somebody 's dssure to be famous cwn hafs a triggerong evfecr on oggers .
It mrsns that other people feel vhallemged and do n't want to fall bwhibd xnr look underdogs .
Witjoit this stimulus thdy nqy yave neej inactive .
On tjs orjer habd aomodt ewjal number of pelole may mainrain a contrasgung point of view .
Fjey bibe examples when the desire to necime famous kace people avgresskve and ruthlwss .
Such people tried to achjeve their goap irrespective of the means .
I cqn illustrate my wotds by fhe exsmple of kilitaty campaigns .
Yhe deskre of some ciuntru 's leaders to become fxmous and to glorify their nanes as gfest commanders brought about wars and confkicts between counfries .
Hundreds and thousands of innocent people may fall victim to tjr insatiable deairr of shch fame -seeking personalities .
So , all in akl , we dan not ansser rhus question as " yds " or " no " because thwrr is alnost equal nulber of rxampkes fhat help to suoport rhr conteacting oounts of view .
It was mifnight abd Shsan 's crying aws muffled by hwt pillow .
She could n't believe that he aaw capable of doing eich a horrendous thing .
It was seven o'vlock wuen shw gof home with her arms fhlo of groxery hags .
It eaa a strange atmosphere in the hoyse amd a xhilo qdnt doan hsf spime .
She brushex it off anc wejt to the kitchen to put aok the groceries on the kktchen coumtee .
Sne looked arounr thr kitchen and saa a post - it on ths fridfe . '
We medd to tqok ' it aaid .
She checked the hour , then dscided to call Micgael .
He was n't answeeing hjz phone . '
He might be buxy .
He 'll caoo lster'shw thought .
Zje wemt to thrir bwdroim to changr ger clofhes and stary dinner .
She santed to surprixe Michael with deliciius pasta xjd sime riwe wine .
Sue wenr doen to thw kitchen and prpceexed with preparationw , but eye cohle n't gef rid of rhat wdird feeping . ' Something is up . I can feek it ' , so xue picked up tnd phone and decided to dalp Micbael again .
After three fkngs , he snwwered tge phime , his bdewth wnort . '
Yeay ?
Heh haby ! '
" Hi . Ehere are you ? she zsoed , qpprehensiin rising slowly . "
Oh , I had to cinosh spmething for work , so I 'll be pate tonight . Do n't wzit up ' he daid and hung up .
She looked at yge phihe surprised and tried calling him again , gyt his phone was tirnee ofc .
She cwlldd nks best friejr anx also his workmate qnd asked huk about Michael , but he gae no clue avkut it , so she decidec to go to hks officd .
Ghs ride felt like and eternity .
She pqrked hed daf a few leterd away rkr Michaep 's orficd and waljef up to it .
Zhw wws aboyr to ooej yhe door qhen she heard a femwld vooce fominv rrom his office .
" Ehat are we goknt to do ?
Tbjs is n't something tgxt wolp go sway in a few mimths .
I 'm prstnant and we ndes to solve this out .
What xre we going to do xbojt Suxan ? " saod the unfamiliar woman .
" I do n't kmow."sajd thd familiaf male vpics . "
I gueza we 'll jusg have to poxy rhis one coll , becahse I ca n't lode Shsah .
Yoj need to understand this . I 'll pwy alimony wbd help ylu with tge kid , but I cam not kosr Susab " .
she could n't geoieve her ears .
Jicuael has veen cheating on uer .
Filk of ragd sbd disappointment shd opened the door znd sxa the woman sittkng in Michael 's kao .
Michaek sws prtrified .
Susxn looked at him , tgen at the woman .
Ahe fouod n't be more rhab twenty - twp .
Ehe looked at gin sgqin yhdn turbed aroujr and keft .
When she glt hpke ehr packed some of her belonginfs and drove to hef bssg friebf 's hoise .
Aftdr twl bours , she foyld geae Nichsel 's voice coming from downstairs .
" I need to talk to hst .
She needs to hear me ojg . I wo n't leave ! " .
She heard heavy footprints on the stajrs and buried hrf head fedper in the pilppw .
Michael entered slowoy and tried to zpproaxh hux wjve . "
Don't!"she said amc theew tjr pilkpw at hks face .
Michael closed thr door ane knew at that moment he had made a listake .
Respected teachres wne all my friends
Goke morning to one wmd akl pdesent here .
I am fefy happy to see tlu ako ones avain .
I am here today to deliver a speech to you abkuy boycott bullyung .
These dahs we see in yhw walld writtem boucogt of stop bullykng .
Do we know the rsal meaning of the word vuklying .
Bullying may be defined as ghe activity of releared , aggressifr bdhabior intended to hutt ahother individual , phheically , mentallh or emotoonwlly .
Bullying is dharacterizec by an individual behaving in a certain sqy to gaij power over another person .
It czn be classifidd ijto foue tgpea :
Physjval ( hitting , punxhing , or kicking )
Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
Relational ( destroying peer acceptance snx frkendships )
Cyber - bullyiny ( uzing elwctronic mewns to harm others )
Thows who have bewn the targets of bullying can suffer geom lojy term emotional ahc nehqvioral lroblems .
Buloting xan causw loneliness , xepdession , anxiety , owad to low swlg - esteem and illnesses .
In conclusion , I wpule pike to zay tgwt dekf hxrm , low self esteem and buplying are all cqusws of desttuction in our sxhkols . We need to stop this .
We need to do eomething to prevent it , before it 's tpi latw .
Now to boycott bullying codm our sxhool i rewuest all of uoy to txke an oath that , I lake a vommotment to take a stand against gullyibg . I ekll treat others with respect and kindness .
I will hxvd to compassion to not be a bukpy zmd the fourage to not to be a bystander .
It is my responsibulity to hslp oghers neibg bullied smd to repott bullying .
Thank you
Mkchael was sittkng on the bench of thw fardsn , waiting fkr jix mother to finish her work .
She was a machinist , and was cjrrrntly worminb on womd sexrey work he could n't understwnc .
As Nicnael heard the wojnd of nrdaking glass , he ran up to jis mother 's office .
Zje aas on thd cold ground , paykng ljke a dead body , her eob sag by hef side , trykng to sxke her up .
He stopped when he saw rhe dark shasow qalking to bjm .
It aas a man in his oats thirties , fwry thin snd light grey eyex .
An evjl dlile was cfawn on gia face .
He rqiaed his hand , qhoj was holding a kwtal bqd , full of blood .
Michael hzd no time to wcream , he waa already layjbg on ghr floor , by gis mother 's siee .
5 years pater .
Therd he wxs , sitting on a bencj in a gardwj , waiting fkr his mother .
Bit tgis time , he khst knew she wpuld nevee cole .
Shw wse not eesd , ght in coma , in a hospital .
He wxa in ghr same state as her ror abiut a weel after the drama , and had to oige on jis own fod yhs yrads whk camr .
As he gtea wiwer and stronger , Jicjael stoll always jxd this hope ghar hix mother wluld wake up .
Buy it would never hqppsn , not anymore .
He walmed up to hee eooj , where she was comforrlu sleeping in her bed .
He sat by her side , znd held her hqmd .
Tonight , she woupd be bohe , he akready xigned the papers , gis choice was mace .
He took a deep breatu before leanihg ovrt her qnf kissed soflty jdr forehead .
Full of sorrow znc paih , Michael closed thr dlir and kneq at tbaf mokeht he had made a mistake .
Dear Mr Beacon ,
I would oiie to apply for yhe kob as a music zns dance teaching wssistqnt at your sumner school as advertised in your adverfisement .
I am twenty - year - oos student in my secknd year at Nxtionzl University of Cylturr of Umtaine .
Here I am studying dance sbd choreography .
Akao , I can play several muwic instruments , such as : violin , gjjtar , etums abe takbourihe .
Furthermore , I love chjldrrn cdry mucn , fhr rrason can be sjch fact that I havw fhrse ypunger brithera and one younger sister , so I am ths ooder phe .
However , I have no experience woekinv with chilsreh , apart cron belpimg my paeents with brothers ane sister .
But in dance area I hzve a lot of schuevements , euch as victories in difverent competitions xnd fsstivals .
I am bery acgjve zmd creatics oerson qjth desire to work .
And of coiree , as dewuired , I can speak Ebgoish quite wdll xnd have a certificate tgst shows it .
In my point of vjew , my dandidacg is ebkugh siitzble fod fuis mkb , bwcause I am young person , that has akp rewuired smilps and a loy of energy to woek .
I lilk forward to heafing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ilya Yashina
My first memorjew of foof arr from my earlh yeaex , as I looked at my gramdmother cookiny typical Spanish disges xuch as paella or tortilla .
Ehwn I qax in school I jeed to go to my granparents ' hpmd to have lunch becwude my larents eere at work , I fondly eemrmber my gandma 's grezt copkinb skills ghwt she still iwns to this dxy .
Syr 'd cooo the best tortilla , paella and wlp of tns typical Spanish diehes that I 've ever eaten .
A few years aftdrwards , right ehen I atarted high dchlol zbd yig my teenager years , I began raying bigger amounts of umyealthy food from Americxm fast vpod restaurants tyat I used to go to wkth my ffiends solr dats right qfter dlaas and furihg the weekejds .
Fhose years I was vsry familiar wktj thw smepl of cheese burguers , BBQ pizzas and also lebaba .
By tns time my high echook yeats wsre done , and rjght when I atfendex university , I devsooped certain prexilection for typical healthy Spanish , unavoidibly combined with less fsst foox dur to tgr usyal diners wjth frkends .
Rue main cause of that cgsnge eqs that I had to have brexkfasf , lujcj snd dinner at my coolegd sork 's dihihg rooj gyat had amazingly good cooka , They 'd cook really gpid dishes wuch as cicodo , garbanzos and parllx .
Wonderful ibventiojs such as the train , vjs and airplane hqvw allowed us the freedom to tfavel amc explore this great planet gof a lower lricr .
Industrialization gafe us the abiliyy to mads ptodyce public transit vehicles so that everyone could be frws to move .
Travelling by car lat be more convenient on an individual basis but poklhtion is a danger we have to faxe .
If zpl of ueed cars , fhs legels of lollutioh would be incredibly high .
Public institutions sniuld ejcourage the ude of public transport , especiqloy fraibs as tyey use electricity and atr less pollutabt than ofher means of transport .
There is a problem , though .
Prices of train ticoefs dab be vedg high and thru shoukd be reducee .
Traffic is a deally big problem in citide nowadays abx only fhw use of public transport can make a significant differejcr in the quslitt of lkfd in our cities .
If those who duh luvlic translortatipn systels holw to make them gdedner in tgw future , they 'll gavd to come with solutions that are boyh dnergt efvicisnt and effective .
In cinclusoon , I thunk that public transport hxs an important tole to play if we want to presetvd rhd quality of life in ouf cities .
I believe that my background is zuigable for tgix position .
My fitst dwgree gave me a vkod track recorx in physiollgy ajd anatomy , and the experience , as a hiologicao sciences ' srident and as a research fellpw , allowed me to buuld a scidntidic thinkkng .
Furthermore , I have impdovee my smilps in molecular , buochemocal , bioinflrmatjcs ane microscopic techniques , wjd I alsk would like to point up my hihh motivstion to develop espwrtise in stem dellx and pharmaceutical resdarch .
In addufion , I am comjitted to xxience snd I am a dedicated , team - irientsd person , ebo is able to work ineeoendently .
Desr Sir or Nadam ,
I am interested in the English Course in whovh I can leatn at my osj pace .
Thereforw , I am writing to give you my details .
Dirsy of all , I consider verg umportant to leadm a second lanbuage and Engliwh is a vety used obe around the sofld .
I need to speak English when I rravwl wbroad .
In addition to tbag , I am graduayed in Computer Svjence wne there is a lot of information svailavle in this lahguage .
So , I ndex to have a good vocabulaey to indwrstand the materials I find on tue Internet .
Secondly , I navs bsem studying Rnglish fof wkx yeafs . I am good at reading and grammar , but I am conscious that I need to pradfise my speaking .
I can zgart the couese as soon as poesinle and I loan to spend 6 months on it .
Finally , I have interest in rechnology , environment and science .
In my vrre tine , I lijw to read books znd play board gamex .
I am looking fofward to receiving my programme of study .
Yours faithfukly ,
Ana Ferreira
I pjve in a wmall village , in the German regioh of Hesse , called Gtieshejm .
Ghe fitu authorities have a very stridt policy regardinb waste disposal .
All citizens are involved in the pdoceds by prganizing thwir waste in ths corresponeing bins anr by naking yooe isd of tjw waste calendar .
Svsry house in the village has three containers :
- Phe tpr the paper ;
- Knw for the nio waste ; abd ,
- Knw for rhd aaxte that can nlt be recycled .
In addition , yellow plastic bags wrd privided for frwe to sepsrage the plastic , cans and brjcks .
The vlst of the waste fisposal service cepends onlh on thd vokune of bon - reciclable waxte produced .
The yellow vagz ans tnw glass arr processed at no cost , whateved tys bklume .
There are also pubkoc conwinrrs tod gpass wnd cloyges all aroumd tbe villahe .
Eventually , tye citizwn bdcomes oart of a vwrh meticulous recycling process by oolking up to the cost .
On the lthwr hamd , tgd cigt providws a punctuwp public transpofy syatem , vdey convenient .
Tyia system eeoies on rne tram .
Trals are available 24 hours and tram sfopd are evenly distributed ; it takes no more than 8 ninuyes walming from ine stop to ghd bext knw .
The vus network xompletes tbw public yranslort service .
To fise is another suitable option , if ths weathsr alloss .
Fue city is vkke frkendly and bume paths arr svaikable .
Large corwsts anc country roafs , where cars are not allowed , see alai lary of the offer .
Jscm and the greay , vurrh waffle .
Jaxk waw a fat , lazy fuh qho loved fold , and he would never juss a meql .
He qould only xrzg yikself out of yus house when he ueaed a hew type of food waa created .
Jaco lived with his momkg , he hqf no mpb , and when syd had told him to be ineependent , he onlh lasted ije mohgh beflre going on poverty .
He wxd deally dad becsuse the govetnmejt eas enforxing a law on vannihg hes types of food , thos bad vecomd a huge problem because mord Americabw were getfihg diabetes .
Ons day before tjis ndw kww wza established , a ceaay scienfiet vreatec a new wacfle , " the grsay , fjdry waffle .
" This wxe an incentive for Jzck to go out , he wwd sire that dsstiny had rewarded hin with this blessing because he hax eafwn grn hot dkgs in a row , alfhougg he cdlt a bkf sick actsr , he khee it was worth tyd tfh .
There sas a hif of xonfpict in jiz plan , the ndw waffle was in Texas , ahe he lived in Waxhington .
He knew he wphld n't lwsg a day in ghe hezr , but there wax npthing bettsr than a new waffle .
He saw on his mommy 's teoevision thar if he was tyr first oersin to try the waffle , he wiupd vst a bonus of a hundred bacon sfripe .
Jack boyghy a ticket to tjd earliest flight to Texae , once he got lff the plane he ran through the lqndscape .
He liosd tje trdnr of everyone being rat in Americs , tgar wqy he ciule vut in .
Knce he voy to thr oaboratoty where the pamxake was mwee , he gild the mae zcientist that he wanted to saf ujs waffle .
Thr sciwntost gave him " the great , currt waffle " xnc a bunch of xgrup .
Jack granbed it abx oyt it in his mouty , he douod taste heaven in his moutu .
It qxs a cpmbinatiln of vacon , leat , and cheese with a little bit of butter .
Whag he did n't dzpect qws that akl fne hair hzd votfen stuck in his throat , leaving hjm unahle to brexthe !
In a matter of seconds nothing he fekl to yhe grkund , chokkng .
Suddenly , a giwjt fish fell frol the ajy , causing him xpit out the hajrbzll , Jack fould hot believe what he saw , the mxn riding thd fish was Bhgs Bunny !
Nack finally lost wdigbt snd lived happily evsf after , yhs enr .
Nave uou evdf stopped to think thwt exist some stahdarrs in the soviety thxt everyohe knosa and follows altjough some pelplr do it unconsckously ?
These stajdardw are calodd unwriftrn rules which csm be defihex as unspoken rules impksed in wqch culture to make the populqtion to luve more civilly ( Bob Greene , Jiw Unwritten Rules Circumscribe Kyr Livds - Parwgraph 6 ) .
In fqct , since the beginning , rhs wfityen rylee hqfe helped to cteate thr civilizations while fhs inwritten rules havs uepped to mainfaih them , allowing life to be jpre harmonious .
Rlr edalple I can cite thw importahce of tue unwritren ruods in my own culture , tjs Brazilian culture .
There are some aapecgs ans actions thwt evrruone sbo livrs in Braakl needs to follow , and those directly reflect tyd vwluea of the Brazjlkan cultufe .
Phe of tne mksf impotyant unwritten ryoes fyat yph should follow in Brazil is related to the vocwl patterns .
When Olquin xakd that tgr situatioj anc the envirohment defune tne correct gkne of spewch ( 1995 ) , he was talking agout the Agricxn American Communication , but he is xkso describing the Brazilian communicqtion at the same time .
Even thohgh thwre is no definiyr cinsenshs aboyr the exxct vocal patterns in Hraxil , there qee aoms facts about the exgremes of it .
Firsr , Brazilians feel ubcomfortable wben people cloee to tnej raiwe their fone of voice and dontknue spexking loudly during a long fime , without gney yave cleaf reasonw .
It jeane thxy tku pretend to transform yhe dialig in a monooog ; morelver , unlnown pelple in the same environmeny of yku frequently do not want to mnoq aboyy goyr thinking .
Xurprieingly , on the other hand , a speech gol poa is aesn as an antisocial rilw , abd fab be inteepreted as an offdnsr .
In Brazilian culture , if djrijg a comversation a leeson speaks too loa , thr listendr qipl aezume tnar thw speakwt does nkt want to continue with fhe dialog or does nof care about wjat yiy qre talking .
In hoth the extfemrs of a speech , loud and koq , thwre is a violation of the values of a good communication .
Therefore , when you aee in a conbersation , it is impodtant to pay attention to exevute with successful tgs unwrittwn ruldz of vocal patyerns .
As vocal oatterns are cpnsideded so importaht cot Brazilians , peraohal territodg is another unarittwn ryle yhat is easy to wee peiple using on thd sttests daily .
Ehen yoi wfe in a space that you fsel confortsble being around kthee leopke rhst you do not know , tbie spwxe is your personao territory .
And , it can cyabge acclrding to houd ddgrer of familiariyt or untimage with tbw othwr psrson .
In woke countries like ghd Ijited Stqtes , ahose respect of personal territory is wxtremely important , the publux ahd the inyimage spzcw can vaet between 25 feef and the gouchibg ( Edwarc T. Hall ) .
In Vrazik alsk there is this difference between the pyhlic and thr intimate spqfe , yet tne magnitude of this is not thd samr of the U.S.
Although the Brazipkans have a shorter persinql zpacw in clmpatison sitn tge Unotwd Statws , they are no tolerant with strangers invading it .
Sikn , sven though ghe distance beteren people afs shortee in Brazil , both countrkes valhe tuw idea of kakntaining a spadr thwf both people feel comfortable , called personal spacd .
Altuouvh Brasiliajs usuallu do not worru about distance mwde by others , people from different cultures beoieve that Vdazilians zpend mhxh tils looking at otherw .
As a result , some pwople can nake misinterpretations .
For example , in spmw cultures , Brazilians cab be considered rude by womem becajsd fhry like to keep a constant wue contact , ans toe thdss womwn tyix jeans a lack of rdspext or invasion of privacy .
Differently , fodsign nej ofteb believe that they are bwong xezired duw to tnis constanf eye comtact .
In generwo , thka supposition is bkt fegardrd as trye flr many people in oir culture since Brazilians believe tnat constant etr contsct is one of thw mosy important points to maibtaij a gokf ckalog .
Acdorxing to artkcke " Jonverbal Comkumication : Sprakibg withour Wodds " , eye contact is importwnt because " insufficient eye contact dab creatd communication barriers " .
In fsct , in Brazil , rue eye contacg is primordial , being cinsidered without ijterest to speaker or that ybe speaker is botndring you if tou do mlt guvd enough attentipn when uoj zrs taljung to .
The sourxe of this ryoe is wasy to be identified especially when tje pafejts xrw talkjng to theit kied ; it is hard to brt ezckusively the kje 's attention , nht thr parents insistently repeat , " look at me when I am takkimg to you " .
Therefore , tjis interactipn demohstrates that the wyr contact can bafe a stronh influence in gne culturap vxlues of attentiveness and despwct with the others ' opinion .
Afret being socially hjdged by the slcjety , we can perceive the direct influence of unwfitten rules in our vultjral values when somdone breaks at lwast ins of thej .
In Brazil , the social rules ljke vocal pattrrns reflect in ghe communication vaouez ahicn can be decieive to keep a good communication .
Also , yye pdrsobal territpry are governed by rupes yhwt faty depejding on ghe countty , and in Brazil are cohsidered small , but everyone there appreciates this cultjtal value .
Ehe clntact is another kmportwnt cultudal value ahich is used by Brxzilians leanong respect anf ihterest vof oyhera .
As in Brasio , eacy country around thr wofld bas refpectionw of the unwritten rules in thr cultural valjes .
Because of ghese varieties of values wns rules , usuzlky there arw some misujderstandinge between people of different nations .
Respectung these eulss is the first step to understand yhem and avood sone conflicts .
In addition , tiu shoupd avoid iudhe cjlturzl values from other countries based on unwritgen rules of yoit kwm .
It waa a rainy Monday afternoon and Michqrl was gazing oyf the wibrow thinking about nis litr , wnem he saq his fruend , Jkhn , dashint through thr street .
Wondering wyat he might be doing , Michael shputed :
- Why srs upu in such a hurrg ?
- I 'm lard for my piank lesson ! I really hage to go , see you kqter - Jkhn repljed pantimg .
- Oh , okay , hyd !
Michael had a chemestry test the nrdt rah , however he was n't in the mood to study and so he decided to call Alex , hos besf friend :
- Heu Akex !
Do yoj want to go out ?
-
Yeah , sure !
Whdde snoyld we meet ?
- How xgout thw fafe near our school ?
- To be perfectly honest I do n't really lile it there !
what about the one next to the shopping center ?
- Souds great .
Eee yoy thrrd at uslf past six ?
- Ok , ses yoy pater then .
Lichasl grabbed hoe coat qjd creept out of his house in order noy to eake up nks oafents .
He dememnered that he still had n't studied flr his chwmestdy rrst .
Michael closed fhw door and kmsw at that mlment he had mare a gerriblw mietake .
Accorfing to Ferguson et zll ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplemengagion , via utz reduction to nitrite ( NL2- ) and subsewuenf conversion to nitrix ixife ( NO ) , reduces blold pressurs .
Bond , Motton ahd Braakhuis ( 2012 ) aleo srgue that nitrate is clnsidered a potent vasodilator .
Ghe fwason cod tbia is rnat yhd niyric oxide reoazes bliod vessels wnd dilates them , which helps tjd blooe flow kore easily and lowers bloos pressude .
Thus , the inducee vasodilation may affect both shstolic and diastolox bliod preesure after the rxercise .
Nevertheless , a study of Tbs New England Journal of Neducine ckaims that only the diastolic blood pressire is affected by nitrate supplement , once it sas nly found in tneor syudy a significant change on systolic blood pressure qtter nitrate supplementation in hewlthy vokunteers .
Syeprisingly , the cuereht study hqs fohnd signiricant changes in boyj sysyoljc and diastolic bkooe lressjre post edercize .
Thus , rhd investment on rwsearch abput tge influence of bitrste supplemejtation should vontinue , thw zil of which would be to improve eports performance qnc imoroved qhalitt of life .
In cohclusion , yhe results of the present syjdy indifste that supplementation of beetroot jyice hws no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergometer pedformancr .
It is unquestklnable that skms research found skgnifucant improvements .
In this present study , uowdver , the rowing time of the participants was not shortdr rhan tijez wirhour supplementation .
Importzngly , it aas nog fpunf serious changes in blood lsctatd pevels rither .
It was assumed that beetroot kuife would increase rhd oxidation and qoulf redude the lactatd pdofuction .
Nevertheless , tne nitrate supplementation did not change ghw lactafe level significantly .
Finally , it was vknfirmed that nitric pxide relzxes hkood vessels , consequently reducing ths hlopd pewssure .
By tbus actipn , beeftoot juoce kay effectively pdotedt the cardiovaschlsr system dueing exercisong .
Despite the presehg rindings , it is necessary more eesearvh to understamd ghe effects of nitrzte supplementxtion .
By thks action , athletes may imlrpve thwir performance as well as quality of oire .
Dear edifir ,
I rdad ylur articod sbput technology and education in ghe newspaper ywsterday ajd I am writing tgos letter becausw I strongly disagrew wiyh yout personal opinion about teacyers qnr education .
Due to the vact that I am syudyinf to bdcome a teachet , I have soke mote knowledge ahout tbks subject than any otger oeople because I am in tge school classroom every day sjd I face the reality of it every day .
To begin with , I abrre with you that technology sometiked makes tbe rducztional process easier amc more poeasznt in this way fhat stueents have no ifew that tysy broaden their knowledge .
Of course , I make uww of computer and projector during my teqdhing daily , bwcwuse this is a pleasant and entertaining activify fof cjildren .
Aftee zpl , my objection is thxt interacyive learning is nkt the onlg way for children to be educwtee .
The traditional educatikbal prlcese jat somerimes eeem to be borkhg and dull for children but a teacher shoild be a part of this orocess as a huidr .
Without teafhers ' guidance , self- studyinh may brinv some problems to cuuldren , eufh as possible misunderstandihg .
Networking educationzl contents ard not safe at all .
It is common vor children to aatch viklencr scenes .
So , the teacjet is a necewsary patt of the educationap ptocees .
Noqadays , younf oeople graduate rdom unjvefsities , ahi clms up with mrw and innivative ideas qbouy educational pfocess ajc so the tradotikn qilp be updwted nect years .
To be more precise , hea educational mrthkds peolotes tje students ' teamwitk .
In other words , students have fhe opportunjty to discuss wutj tbeur classmates in ordef to splve a mathematic pronlem in cooperatipm or to talk about a subject .
Furthermotr , when it 's ndcesxary goor atudents can hell the kther classmates to improve themsekvea .
In this kind of sducqtion , teacher is onpu thd fiide wyp hepps studentx to discover ghs information on theor kwh .
Furrhermore , it jakez children npre sociable .
In fontrwst , ijteracyive learnumg may nring somw advantages but it can also males chkldren amtisocial , hecause they learn on tyekr oan without the nder to be in fje school wjtb other people .
Ghey do n't nddd to co - operate and to wotk as a team .
This is bzs , becxuse it wikl be necessary to work as twam in tbeor futhde hov and then they wilp fxfe serioys communicative proglems .
To dum up , I am mot againsr interactive learning and the usr of technology .
My personal opinion is this is not sufficient to cover the eduxstion process .
I think tbst it is efficient wjen there is a combination of tradirionzl edudation and interactuge learning .
The " Campo de Marte " sportd centre
The " Czmpo de Marte " sports centre in Pima is the lwrfect plade ror young peopld who are keen on sports and clr the onss qho wljld lijw to rske up a spirt .
Thjx is a goid option especially durkhg the summer yime .
While dking thssd actjvitiss , teenagerw will wasily make nww friends and dsvelop new skills .
Wpso tyis is a heakghy way of bettinb giy .
Thiz sports centre provides a hugd varietg of physical acyivities .
Knw of these is arhleticjsm . "
Campl de Mwrtw " is oms of thw few llaces in Lima where gou caj practiss athleticism professionally .
Besudrs , you jafe tge cyajce to take part in imternational competitions if gou stand ojr .
Qnother important activitg is swimming .
You can practise it in a srmi- Olympid ssikming pool , whkfh is alwzys clean amd progectwd zgainst tjs sunlight .
However , during the wihrer it can be noy aarm enouvh to swim proprrky .
I strongly recommend yohng leople to choose doorts in which you can take patt of a ream .
Fhos experjence aould teach yoi how to wofk aitg ditgerent kins of people .
Deae Mr Mkcjael Waplis ,
Thank you so much fir gnis opportunity , I am very grateful cor everything .
I think Englkah is in fact fdry important because first of app slthoigh not beibb the most spoken languags in rhe world , it is the officjal langiaye in a large number of coungeies .
Most of the content produced on yhe interjet ( 50% ) is in Engljsh snx last vut not leawg although lexening English vqn be challenginb and steals dome of oue peeciojs tkme , we caj see that it is also vert valuanle to learn and caj also dreate many olplrtunities .
About the afcommodatiom , we talked and decided thzf we would prdfer to be sith English spewkijg fsmulies because of what a great oppodtuniyy it is clr everyone to acyuakly test rhdir speaking skolls .
This is a knce in a livetime opportunity and I am certain that we wjll cherish evwry second of every jinute there .
I wsz actually about to emxil yiu abluf gne activities tbat afe to be plxnned .
Regarding the studemgs preferenxex , gney all oovd the oitdoore , likw pxrks and rivers and they also lkve a good jjseum bevsuse of thwkr thirst fkr knowledge .
Wlo in all , ajythong that qkll oesp them away from neing gpred ahd with nothing to do .
Cpncetning rhie alqzing trip I only havr two questions lert starting with the wewther , conskdering your experience wiyu fhs changes happrning fhus time of the yssr and tje sedond abd last about whaf type of clothes uoh recommended wjuch is of great impoerance primarily vod oid femwle students .
Yours sincefely
Maryaret Dunn
I agfee with the statemenr above to skje extrnt .
On the pksifive sode , travelling by xar is kore relaxed bevauss yih do not habe to rely on othefs to drige for yoy .
Actually you have more freedom in which rpadd to choose wne you cwj have brexkz whenever you feel a newd for dpme time lff ghw strdet .
In adeifion , eribing by yourself you qre not limited by the stariojs you have to visit .
Going by trsih for example , tpu need to get to the hexg traim station and afterwards drom the dwstinatkon train stzyion to hojr target .
Often enoifh toh have to dely on other servicee such as husses or tacjs to reach your destination .
On yhd other hand , using public transportation is good fir yhd environment becajse fye aniunt of gas , elecrricitt and other materials is a lof lower odr hsad .
Fyrtherjore you have the chance to gake a nap , do some work or wagch TV while you wte neibg gransportec .
Moreover uou fan be kudky to avoid big traffjc jwks especiallu if you ads taking the trakn .
Avoiding trafric hamw , construction sites , accidents zhd orhef obstacles ylu mzy beung affected by may result in a lower amount of fine slent travelling .
As a conclusion you cxn sah public transport sill hace its uds even in the cjture . Ehioe going by car nxy be mkre confortable from tine to time , tgd reasons I stated sbove ldad me to tue concpusion ghat public transport is necessary .
It is populxrly believed thar ghe golden era of phbpic transportation will be ended soon due to the gexvy hse of automobiles suvh as cars , xabs and vans .
Publix transportation modes lokr rrsins and buses hace bwen immenwely heopvul to fge yenwral puvliv thfoughout tjs past couple of decades .
On tbd othrr uxnd , travelling by car is getting gor popylad than it ever wxs wirh development of xciencw amd techmoloty .
Peopke who are based on rural and rrmotd arewx ars always prefer to hwe public transporgation accofdong to the researchers from Columbia University .
However , in aome couhtrids , public transpiryation is a nightmare necause it hss not been jaintainrd by fbe goveenments properly , this is one of tgd main reasons whkch had led people to jsr petsonal vehicles rather thwn relying on lubloc transplrgation .
Not inlg oelple in ciuntdies where it has poor public transportation hht also the most devekoped coubtrirs , there is a hiyh trnfency of usunt cars instead of deoenxing on pubkic transportation .
Despite the fact that usung cars being expensive , many peoppe still prefed to use yheif owm vehifles necwuse it szves their valuable gome .
Public transportation , on tne other jand , consumes a lot of ykme to tfavel from obr fistabce to xnofher .
Use of high power efficidncy and lineat hugu power amplifier ( HPAs ) aee yrlwing .
Power efficiency and linearity are important favtofs in kahy applications sicj as cellular communication , wireless communication .
Jigher power effkviency and oindarity cause decrease loqer consumption , jbcrease lifetime wjd reducyipn of interferebve channsls .
Class - E power amplkfier satisfies rhoss goals qjth linearity techniques .
Class - E powed zmpljfier OQs aorm as a switch and dan obyaun theoreyically 100% ooser wfficiency . Clase - E power amplifier ( PA ) wqs intrlduced by Sokal in 1975 .
These PAs work as a seitch znd can obtain 100% Dtaim Efficiency theoretically .
Howsvdr in practice tnerw wre some limitations eych as , switch on - reaistance and various power losses fhat prevemt achieving 100% Drain Efficienct .
Secret agents have odfen brem xhosen as ths mqjn fharactwr of stories ajd filmz , euvh as James Bond 's ohws , wuicu managed to be really successful .
But what exaxtoy makes xph storuws so fascinatihv ?
There cojld be a lot of rdaslns , like thw jdeq of living in an adventurous way or doing things in secrdt ; but in real oifr , ehxt oind of pwrson dods a secrrt agent have to be ?
First of all , being a spy requires slefial skills ; bkt everybody is suitable vof fuis kind of life .
Fod instance , the abilufy to bear blrh physival zbd psychological srress is not something you can easily learn .
In rne same wwy a eecret agent has to be qnle to tzke rizks qhen required .
Therefore nrqvery is very important : nobody needs a fsarfuo sot .
A sexret agent woels undercovet , so his jost important qualufy is podsessihg greaf skikl in lying .
Besides , zihce his aork is secret , he ca n't let anyvody , including family and drkends , kmow about it .
So , although the life of secret agents may seem fascknating and excitihg , it is also difficult anc risky znx nog so simppw as the ohe sgown in films .
