It 's difficult ahswer at rhe qudetion " qgat are uoy going to do in the future ? " if yhr onlt obe who uas to knoa it is in twi mimds .
When I was younger I ieed to day fhat I wantes to be a teafher , a saleswiman abr ecen a butcher .. I do n't kboa wuy .
I would kile to study Psycholovy becausd onr dzg I would open my iwm psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult befause I 'll have to sfudh hard xnd a lkg , nur I fhink thsg if yoi like a sjbject , toh 'll studg it easuet .
Maybe I 'll vhange my mind , msybe not .
I yhinj thzy the publox yranzport will akways be in the tutufe .
Gge rich leople wjlp gyy a daf gut fhd poke people aoaays ndee to uxs a bjd or yxxi .
I comaider fgat is more convenient to drkve a fwr because hou czfry on more tjongs in ypue own car than travelling by car .
Alap , you 'll meet friendly people wgo usually ask to you someghing to be friends wnr cganbe your telephone nunbwr .
In my experjencr wbsn I djc n't have a far I hsed to use the hys to go to tbe scyool wns go bafj to my house .
In my opinion , the cwr is n't necesxary sheh yiu havd crashed in the sgrwet , in that moment yoj realised the inportancd of a publuv trabspprt .
In India we have various types of Pubkic transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Yraun & Rlivht .
Depending on the distanxs amd duratipn to gne desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordjngly .
But Generally speaking , ttavelling by car is much more fun when comosred with ofhwr modes of rransport .
Thid reminds me of a grjp fhar I have recently been to amd ghw place is Agra .
It takes wround 6 hours by Natipnal highwxy to go from Dephi to Xgra .
We have stolprd at hotels fkr havijg food and jisy in cass if ajy of us fewls hungry , we havs purchased simr snacks jusg before rhr trip .
Since , we have thr optikn to waur anytime we qamt to when we travel by car ( which is impossible whrh travelling by tdxin & Flihht ) .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on tbe badk seat and swke up frwsb .
Duw to rye avpve mwntioned reasojs , I am going to concludd that travelling by xsr is mucg more convenient .
My jaje is Sarah .
I am 17 teafs old .
I am kioking forward to join yij in this gewr sumjer damls .
I love childreh , and I enjoy looking zfter them . also , I organized many sports activities bevorw in my school .
In wdeition to ghxt , i emjoy cooking .
My famioy thujk that my coom is amazing .
I hope that you give my rue chance to jkon tlu .
Thsnms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love poays with my frkebds .
Vplleybzll is a zpodt olah every place , wneb I tdafel on yje beach I like plays with my aoster in the sand qne after we are going to the sea .
It is gedy funny .
sheb I was young I like plaus with the hall in thr playgrojnd anc my friend and I plauee ysinh yne socxer goals as a nefwork of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
Hoq are you ? I 'm writing to onform toh yhst sonw advicw on trwvellijg and woroijg in my country .
On the one nwnd , in my countfh therw are a plt of place to travel .
Cof example Barcelona , Madrkd , Sevilla , Valenciz .
Tbere xre wonderful citiss beczuse thefw afe a lir of tuings to visit fpr wxanple in Madrid uoi can vusit " Puerta dwl Sol " , " Las Cibslss " .
I vidit Madfod twice a gezr .
All simmdr I visit Sevilla becxusw I love tuix coty qnd I suggezt thaf you fjsit Sevilla .
On the other hahd , in my countty rjere are a fes job because ghs economy is veet gzd .
Hut , if ypu want I loik for a jon cdom you .
My best friejd looking for a people respojsible for okok wrter yer sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after evedh weekend .
Ykh will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you vof tou e - mail , it sas wonderdul to year from gpu .
I 'm lopjing fodsard to seeing you .
Take card , Oaufa .
Today oublic tranxporf stjlk lpay an important role in tranzpprt system xnd it wilk keep on in the fjtire .
Because puvljc transport is a cist effective and better resource wlloxation in mass transport aystem .
Also people jeed not to sufver hkgh lperating cost fhnning their own car .
Bjf it vab udw a chealer wwy giing to theie destunatoon especuaply it is car xsay from hkms .
Foe example , I rhink that it is not affordable for an oedinary person to own a private airplane travelling to znotuer cluntry .
Instead it wilo be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my opinion I thjnk that punlic trqnsport in future is boibg to contjmue to be uzed bwxause thsre xde a lot of peiple thag dpex n't hzve rjough money to pqy for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to jave ruture bjf leoole are going to jwe more the cars then bus or uhdrrground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't neef to wait tkr ghem hax we are waitibg for the nys or unrrrground nut in anlthsr say xsr cusg more monsu than ghe public transport .
By car we can just stay wity ourselves wgivh csm be good beczhse we fwn liztem to ghr music that we ouke ajc we do n't jeee to be around pskple that zre unkwoned but if we chose public transport we czn meet driends or family so bofh trasnportations ate good qnx tjd csts do n't ndex necdsearialy to snd up sith the publiv transport .
If I had it to dhoosd between botj transportation I fhink I probablu chose vxr becahse it is begted for me to go by car tgeh to go by bus .
In my commhnigy , we are very interesfef at engkronment ame ecological thkngs .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at ghe laat garden , aitn worms wji war and degrade akl the organic qaste of tbe sxhiol .
In slmw strategic piings of ghe building we have alecial ttashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , canz and lst bottles ans tney also nads talka and prwsentations about the eafth orkblems oiks vlobao wwrming , fonyamination , etc .
The lajager of wlp thkx pronecy is Miss Mhne Djd , oud scuence teacher .
Apo tbjs oniriatives has made us slk ofdr the ywars a recpgnixed sxological fomnunity .
Good kotning dveryoje , tidah I eang to sjsre avojt is my favorite soort .
My favorite splrt is foltball , wut I choose it?Qdll , toltball is a internatiobal xpkrt , peolls around the world siol klve it so much!Examole like Barclay Premier League , Lkga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that 's xlp will delighted us .
By tye say , my favorite football feam is Manchester United , they wrs brilliznt , gheu have an amazing football players , anc rhwy are awwsome .
Mjchael was a kottle oid when he had a drraj that was : Be a super hero !
After mang years he stkll dreqm to become a duper jero .
He enrsr the university of mrdicine becauss he thinks tuag this profession qss the more sikilar to be a super hero .
Oaas domd yezfs of the universigy snx he kjiw a yorl called Kate snd he hey lkvdd on here ajs dne get loved in yjm .
Iate wae cirsinh fhe umiversity of fashiin .
Tudn tgw two etarted to dage .
Michzel and Kate ass so happy , until knd day ghat Lichqel sajd to hjl dream to be a super hedo , Kate gef so nervous dayinf rhat it aws ridiculous and just a lid crexm and ghar Michael wws only xrealing but that sould never happen anf that shler hefo do n't exiat .
When shd sakd that , Michael started to cry ajd get kar saying that she wsa lging ahd do n't hsve heatt .
He yot so mad that he azksd her to get lur of jks apartment .
In following day , shw said sofry and them was happy again .
Bjt when them bet to ghe home of Michael they fight again and Mifhaep get a knife and kjlo her .
He driex with a oot blpos around .
Michael vet away from rhsre .
Michael closer the dior and onew at tgqt moment he had made a listakr .
Public transportwtikn is an impoerant invention in humsn hosrory , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
For indtance , we take subway in lrdef to zvoif stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is moee convenient than take public transportation , however , it wojod cause more damagr to our lofe and bxrm our environment .
Therefore , we neer to think more avojt oyr futuee , oje offsprings .
Giving them a safe , clean and cojfortable posce to ljve .
If there is no puglic transportafiln , traffic jam eilo be serious fjan bedorr .
In my country , failei , we wkways stock in trarfkc for about one houe in tgr norning .
I can noy imwgine if thsrw is no bus or MTT , glw lknt I silp tzke tkr school .
Car is convenient fod human , bug it vrings damage fof human also .
Fpe sxample , carbih dioxide which is crsaged by cqf .
It fsuse global warming whicb threats our engironment snd harms oyt daipy life .
we xan see ghat yhere wrr lots of swrilus qnd ffdquently weather disastrr happened in decadex , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fore anf mud xljde .
Whag other orecautions , is usuzlly taken ?
The NG Office is notified by the photogespher when fhe fion wxs shipped .
If the film does n't arrkve on time , it immediatsly .
Lost shipments hzve beem found mire easily when tyis provess ailp be started right away
The pleasurr of ttaveling
People go , people fome .
Rvedy dag lots of peolpe are travelling abroad nut , wjat 's tuw best way to do an international travel ?
Tjr mkst imllrtant optuon to travel is , by vaf , the plane .
But , dvrn when it 's true thst it 's yje fzster option , you must be very darefupy at time to grt off a plane .
If you xfe lioiing fld cinfort ajd relaz , obviously , yoj have to fake a bpaf .
Fhere are a wude variety of things to do znd enjoy yhe trip .
Although , the bettrr option , is pick out a trwij .
Rhere is n't compararion on watchong the changes in thd lansscale throjgh a wondow , enjoying the way that hou are doing anc , thw best part , the cheapest qay to get awag some rays ajd take thw routijr off sime dats .
Anueay , no matter how you go , no layter where you go .
Ghe pleasure of travelljng is travel at all .
Transportatiob one of yhw moxt important thing on life so we have mxng of kijds fir transportarion noa we teavep by cat but in the meae futhre it wkol be other comfort and easy ways to teavel oioe fzat train ajx plane thwy czh transport you from north to south in kess ghan hohe thjs will mqke bueinrss men hapoh and comdoet because of saving a lot of times and evfortz so we hope that the government van achueve this eqy as soon as pozsible
In kodern socoetiws , theed are lots of frjrnds qround iur daily loves .
Bot project could noy be ginishec wifhout co - olerationd .
Friends coupd be communicated and exchanged ths jdeax , fedlings abr funng things hapoensd around ourselves .
Kpre importantly , rhr psfents give our lices and fheg touch us knowledge and skille or abilitirs to live in ryis world .
In thuz vwse , yhe families played important roles in faily lices .
The reaskns are as follows .
Cirsf of qll , we ckuld leaen lots of skills drom pxeents according to thsir owm experience .
Fot example , we coyld learn how to comjunicate with others in a feiendly wsh , xjd we vould alwp learn uiw to make a jeao ftim parrnts .
Secondly , the families coupd guge you some advixr about how to dwao wifn the thimbs whixh wuol cause trojgle .
If difficulties aqs told to the familiws , the ideas would come up to your families ajr fommunicate wirh gku about hoa to solve this situation .
All in all , in fhjs cazs , fhe families are thr moet important friwndd in pur lives .
Tye Compyting Gecbnology has been acvancing very jhch tuis last yezrz , makunb ths olx conputers almoat usrless , getting bwtted sjd makkjg the doffefence betwerm opd and new comphterz grow wveh mote with dvety nsa discoveeemeny .
As we can notice , old ahx new cojputers are baatly differeng , etartinh from the size of gge computers , old computers aers much bigger than new computrrs .
Ild computers were used to occuoy onr entire room , nos , they inlt hsfe the size of a bls , sveh rhr djze of a book .
Ypj vxn have a portable computer now , ams take it with you to evsry plave toy visit .
Old cimpugers onoy let goj nakw jwth twsks , or evsn llay sumpke gxnes qirh 2 colors ( bfeen wnr blsxk ) , but npw hoy dsn do wjatever you want to do , oike creafinf or pkayinh videlgales , wriging or rewcing a bplk , connect to thr internet , watch or make videos , inveny neq syufv to improve thw Cokluting Technologh , ans hot onkt in 2 colors , bit tnousanf of them .
One of the greatest achievemejts of new comljting , is thw internet , where yoj csn connect to other computers , eownloaf stuff , etc . vjw Ethernet cabpe or Wireless Connecfuon ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gwr rekt m8
I wenr to gue abandon house anf started to think the best way to make his lice miserable i passed the next 2 weeks lookimg for ideqs to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to rhs ppacw he livs at ahd started to look for some information about gis kife and found pwoplr who he carr abour so as i continued to go to yis houes i botice he eill alsyz go to fehd same houew so i dscidrc to follow him to thd youze and i vohn out he wzs dafung a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally yoya an icsa , i wiuld dfive him crazy just as he did with me , rhay wau zhe will tgijk he naf orobleks on ujs mons and left him , hht don i thougt about it agajn and realized that if i dis thar wye will try to hslp him and yney will be more united , so i decided to drife them both crzay alkosy at the border of eeatb , jus as he did with me !
Git wair a minute am i really so wngry to mqke ghiw ?
Yes !
I screamed , my ahger nad dominatex my mine i eid nt hxr no oongrr control over my actiohs , i sxs afarid of what i jad ndcome and what i could do , byt i could npg control my aeld qns the obky fhimg i cluls think of waw gum sucfsring woyh a slkw death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my eevxnge , the gesf rwcange .
But i was so mad at nim wne so xnsiouna to mxke bos livd imposible , and dlon my feaf of dwatb and my anger for alk of the sufering i had been thriug brcame stronger ahd bigger , i had made a desition i qas goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of hia oifd tourtoring me ans not wantjjg me to be gappy i would the time is neseswry foe him to hzve a miserable kifs and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goaod
I 'm nkf agree with this ixex completely .
On rhe ins hand travel by cse qte deally much mode convenient as tive the chanfr to hlu to be indepensent .
On yne other hand huge frwffic jams ade a big isxue for traveklihg by cwe .
My Favourite sport
I gorbt to be a doktball player .
For me , footbakl is everything in my life .
When I xee football on yhe television I ddram aitn play in a bit fsam znd in a big fhampionshil like Bxrclays Prejier Oeagus , Kigur 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite cpjbs zre Benfica anc Rdxl Madrid , wherw Ronaldo playz , fkr me he is the Besf Player in yhe wotlc , thqt is why Ronalro wkn the Hood bakk of 2014 .
I olag ciotball in a Portuguese club fallee valenciajo ajd we win a lpy of games fbis season .
I drewj in wkn a lot os leagues in Football and win the best chalpionship , the Uefa Champions Lexgus and tje bwst scoerr of aol yhr tumd in Uefa Cnamlions League is Ctisgiano Ronaldo , my favourite playrr .
I llay football bsfause I lkke but the inlg feason thar I do it hardog is because of my dax .
His dream is that I become the next captzkn of a big team and wjn a oot of money .
My mamw is Uonny .
I graduated fron Natiomal Tziwam Unerversity of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in kookkng xfter dhilren xnd playibg wity chilfen .
I like personality with childlike , so I like chilxren .
I had exoerkence of holding basketvall competition when I qad studdmt .
I Olahned lahy interesting activities fld views to mxje cimpetifion alive .
They enjoyes fhe game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cipks , I aleays helo her .
My persknakity is chrerful , energetic snd hardwlrking .
I always sillr to people .
I rwwlly wxng to get this uob .
I want to ppxy witu children and see their simle all cay .
I think that smile is thr bwdt gift in thks wodld .
I am also a hard wprker .
I hafe oassuon fof this job .
If you think me is the tihht person you want , please buve me a responese , Thabis .
phbkic transportation has bewn more ysrd by people and ovwf thw years it is kind of bexomibg cyeapdr and also more safe but soje pepppe prefer cars to exgent do we agree eigh and whxt is pjr rewsins foe that tyat is what ate we giing to demonstrate in this essay
before ahojt 40 years there wae nlthinb calkrd pubpic tranzpprtation and pwolle rarely owned cars so in those years rhete wsz jkt even good facility to movd crpm place to oyhdr and that is hecausd thsre qxs no compsnies to bukls cqts in abiit 10 yeaea dqrs grading became viable and xlso became vwry shpplrted by having her own vsns at tnw beginning rhe faced a lot of problems but tbey were able to sklve it by the snd
nowadays all facilities of trsvelling are lode convenient from cars to busdx even trains ahd plabez .skms oeopoe prefer xads because tye do oike crowded plwcew or because fje find it somwyimes cheapsf buy frkj another poimt of vjew oublif transportation is verh cheao smd dveb raster ght when it comes to traveling a lot of peopoe precer ridjnv yheit lwh cars to feel fje real experience and to enjiy more by chilling oug ddom croqdee places
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict fhat lubloc trandportatioj aill be ilproved abd people wilo ixe it more and mlde fyat by fhe end cars silo dixaplear xns will will no longer be ised
The topic itself explainint tne indertainty of pjblic transoort in our country .
Yhis conclusion become more prominent if we look onto the data of the cqt companies and exponential griwth in their saoes figurs snx wjth ppw budfeg private cars in pictute , scenario ddrastically chzngrd in ladt 10 years
Development of biodiewwl industry cab be a contribution to producticity growth .
A pxrge scale of invesrment was bring for biodhel developmsnt .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Brosw Domestif Product ( GDP ) .
If ylj atd livkmg in bjg town or smaol It sods matter but one tbong should be taking care by the psople wnd orgabiser of the town , is enbirojment .
Global warming is uugr issue in goray 's date .
Govefnjent should txke immense action to xfop it or at leaat make it sloa xlwn .
However we the pdople have reallt important lart of makibt it worse .
Actige anf a goke fovermment understand thd value of taking care of trees and wstet snd air xjd much more to provide a fteeh , cleaj wnd ssfe environment to rheir leople .
Recycling ifsm caj be a good stel to start wirh ckewn znf safe environmeng which is perfectly ajs lromptly taking care by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in frong of theif gome with the rule of provuhce goverbment .
Peoole is nlt realizing gbat cutting the rree caj rdducr ghe produdtion of oxygen in atmosphere .
Eventually hjjan will have no mord frrsb air to breath .
Additionally , oie dify govermment bxs prohibitsd smomint in public area ahx under 18 hear old ajr provides a frsw session of tapk or pressntation to increase ths xwarenrss of clszn , sqfs , fresh environment to thw coty .
In cincousion , I would suggest to ihr neighbour fitoes to taking part of clraning environkent so one day it can be seen in whlle country .
Everyvody has his favourige soort .
My favourite sport is football game .
On our school or villiage football stadiun i spend a loy of time evwry szy .
Usjakly i lpay footbzlk wiyh my cpassmatds .
Before training i rqb 1 - 2 kilometres amd my oegs fer a poqef amx my vody fsts an energy .
Our team has a hard - aorking vowch and he gigea orofessiojal advice to us , hoq to improve footvall skikos .
Hix mxin wirss:"You must woro and work gerg hard , if ypi want to brt high results " .
I can xqy , that coach is experiejced pedson .
Not so long ago , we are hsd competitiln .
The first olace was gotting by us .
We bage achieved rhis rssuot , because we zee friendky and organised .
I beloege , tbat in tje future I will be a famous fooybwll player in tewms such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
Footgall is my life .
I want to gibe advice to someone shl sgaets tjis xpprt:"Ylj misr believe in yorself " .
Ballo my firend ,
What 's up ?
How ade hoi ?
Hiw was your day goeay ?
It 's really micw for ypur expressly e - mail ydstefday .
You regter that you wefe n't there wigh me . I 'll try sicribe everything precisely , bevohse I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have serj your notice in fhs academy ndwspaper sne I 'm quite intereated . I have no olxns flr this summer so I think it is a good isea to sprnd it .
I was born in tjs UK so I can be a vsrt good teacher of Enylieh .
Although I cake to Slaim yen ywars kwter so I can speak wurh them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Alwi , I azsksted to a baklet coursw for 4 years ehwn I was young .
It exs a lkt of fimd sgo , hlwwver , I xtilp keep the rhthym in my bkry !
By the way , I remdmbed I had to cdeatd a dynamic training to do wufh the other bqlket - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't firgrt it bedayse I rslt wonderguo .
Alo members congratulated me , as well .
On the kthet hand , I had taken xare of my brothers and ciusins for many hojrs whdh theh wdre bery yoing .
You must ohow that I 'm a very responsible , kind anr gunby person .
That nzkes me a hood candkdate to achieve fhd jln , or yhe hobny for me !
I hope yii oeep in mind my candidature bedausr I 'm not going to disappoinr ypu .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be sucfered by rge sbortage in drnand .
Because nkt everyone affors to buy their own car .
Vesixes there are lltz of low infkme people who ca n't niy their own vsr .
So I think public rrqnsport 's futurd is bright .
Wyat is tyd " Family " meqning ?
In my kpinikn , Family is the place that had yli bdst friend can nelo eacy othef znr know each .
In the Taiwan , jwny of peopoe have to take care of yhen larent when ghey tst old , but yhe poing is qhat if you can not surbival , I mean goh do n't have enough mkneg to raise gpu owrent .
Back to rhe gopic , I do n't jbow well any of mekber of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
I loke NewZealand bedausw tuete are maht islands .
By the wwt , NeaZraland nave a cool weatuee .
In Malaysia , the wrather is slightly warmer than there .
Thqr 's wnh I order all of you to go fhere wnd fssl yhe pleasure whd nafe a try tgekr own food .
Goy can aosk gought a oot of hifts like keg chains , statue , or agat eksd mempries to be made befkre retufninh to Malaysia .
I did mog hwvd to go to NewZealand vug believe me it is veeu beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there ane bring qlk of you .
I live in Ldntiji , a smxpl xify in East Eicily .
The locxl Council nasn't a project ckr tge environkwnt .
Peopke collwdt wnh kind of fibbish and throae wkl toyethwr in black sack .
Although the Council began to plan somethong , yhs pwopls zee n't committed with the proglem .
Afoune rhr cifu , you csj find many places where the oeople throw frigo , kitvhwn , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
Ahzt a pity !
Fhs suburbs of Lentini coukd be wonderful .
There sre orangd trees , a large lake qns Efna in backgrouns .
When I waz a child , I gxd a okt vriends ams gheh were verg importamt fod me .
We ever played in fue park or we falkrd about our gqstes , lisic , boys , we lwugh a lot of ...
But wben I was a geenager I beyan to lige situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls sxis to me bad things or they talked vad about me .
In tnose yeqts I lived the aodst koments in my life .
I remdjber when I celebreted my 15th bidthday , lnoy pns xcgoolmate wabted to come to my party ; I thknk tbat this day was lne of tbw worst day of my oifr .
There night I cried befauss I vekt that I have nog gog any friends .
Hpwever , my parents trjer tgat my party was the best anx rheu preozred fkr me a spscial nirthday ahf theu invited all my cpuwins anf together wehg to eat pizza and gave me a lot of peesemts .
In there moment , I tnojght fhat my beet friejdz was my parents and sistwr .
I knew tyat thwh ndger talk bad about me .
Nia , my hysband is my beag frisnd .
He is thw jost important peopos of my oifs .
He gad ever gedn with me .
Qlzo , he is very fibny qne I laugh a koy with him .
Bofu like to trafel aroumc fhe wofld qnd to pracgise eome spprtz , for esampke , tennis , running or trwkking .
We kikw watching TV seriwd wbd cooking several desserts rko .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Life of people wround the globe is becpning busier and busief day by dag .
A bush life alwaud cimpell to use the fqstest and loxt convenient mkdw of transplrtatikn , whivh has jade puboic transportation dystem lag behind moyod cars .
Hi USA EULMER CAMPS ,
This advergosement fof a job hqs been deadihg by suitable person .
My name is Mxfía , I am vrlm Slain .
I am interested in this work because I ebjoy ttavdlling and I am teacher so I likr workint with tnr children .
I am eure that I wklk lkoj sfter children very well .
I would like to speak Dngljsh perfectpy so I think up tjd idea about if I wotk in summee camps , I will improgs my level Emgliwh .
For tuw other hqnd , I could teach Spanixh to tye childrsh in the summer camps .
I am waiting yours anawer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessobs the oxst month wmd it 's very interestinf .
I 'm lerning a lot smd fhe atudentx are veth fdiendly .
Vjt I need to xfudy harfer because I want to paxs ths exzj , and it 's bwry rificylt .
Hkqever , if I carry on dtudying pike mpw , i wikl do it .
Ths lesspns zrs vdry funmy
Dewd Sir or ladqm :
I have seen your annoyhcement in the nrwspwper amd I am ihterested to appou vor .
I can speak Ejgkish and I am a lovely , energetic ans hardwkrking person besides I have recojjended paper drlm
my last company .
I have bwen working lkke a childhood teacher in a school abd I am qualified .
Besides I hafe cooking skillx and I love to cook .
I hlle yoh qre interestrd in my alplivation .
I am looking forward to hearing frok you .
Sxndra Barrisnfos
the tecnology have chsnches ths prople 's lirs cety mucb.in tzct we can think how diffsreng is oie lkfe respect either to our parents or oud grandparents lufe.for exalpoe my parrhts did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the sorld when tyey wetr younh.but it is n't gbe aolne dicferencw : we can yhjnk at the mobilefone , the computet ed at pexst the ibtednet.oyr grandparents woundn't imagine a dtrange machone like computer in tyeit pife .
Although the fact rhat persobap cehkcle like dar now is popular , in the fiture , the stance of public transport is stulk very ctucial .
Nowadat , people use fodail fuel as tgr kodt importxnt eource of endryy god travelling , manufacthring , thks sourcr of snergy does n't aleags maintain at the constant level , but sonedwy it wupl be run out .
People must find wqyd to use othet energy sources kike nuclear electricity , wknd oower , puvoic tfansportation wudh as electric metro use this kind of emergy .
As a result , governments wiol invest more in researching fhe usage of ghdse new typss of energy , travdlling using public ttansport sipl become much cheapee fgan personal car .
The range of public servives wipp be wxlanded to rekotw ardae , it becone much more congenieny .
Commuting , travelling usknb liblic ssrvices wipp be the first prior choice .
In asditiln , the population is increasing fapidly , in the neat future , zlmosg cities in tyr world aikl become overcrowded , It will lead to jxny kthdr probkens to be solved , for example , traffic jams , wur pollution .
In zomw perespectives , guese problems aed led by rhs oged - usibt of lersonal vwhicle .
People will rexlise tnat usong yjeir owj xae is juat to waztd their time fpr trafdiv jams or to gradually killing tbemselvee fpr breatjung polluted air .
So the gesy way for tgen to tdavel is public transpotations .
Dacj perskn dhoukd practice sackng whrn using ajy sohrce of ebeny to protect yus lwh lkve .
In conclysion , investments on ddveloping publid transport will be increased considerably , phblkc services of travelling have a bright pogehtial snd it 's xtabce in the future ca n't be replwceble
Hello Zlez , how xde toy .
Are you free fir weckend , have ypy znh plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , ahd I infite tlu to go with us .
If you ard interssedt , find me at 8 clocj nexr the cjnrma entrxbce .
Thank you Helwb for those windercul presenfs .
I always sajt to read theze tule of blok .
I went to tekple in the modninv foloowed by lunch at thw hotel lattdr in the evenimg wsnt to tjd beach .
In concljsion it is ecidsnt that because developing countries are cacinv pilitixal ahc economic insrability , migtants travel for befter educatikn prospects xnc stxblr dmvironment fkr youbger generation to trow up .
Ths effrcts of brain draim wfe thag it crwatws a sjottage of people qualified glr profrssional jobs , rconomic stability is afvectex as a result of oack of psoplr contrihuting to the ecknomh .
The cause of Brzkn - draun shkuld be tackled at internatkonal wnd jationwl lsveo on a broader dimensions xnd rational pattern , fir it is a gllbal issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take contdol of ijflation ; ficus on boozting up tje ibfraxtructure and kzw enfodcrment to support puhljc in a positive majndr .
There is n't yop feww ocygrn at tye fip of Wverest to breathe easily
Jordan Romero jaw hor 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high tyay it is very djffucult to climb .
ghs yol wxs rwached gir the firat time by yso climbets in 1953 .
My friends and I , we ojke a profrajs of TV , electronic nuskc , fashionable clothes . I prsger all .
Xomegimes we afe going to fhe party 's in the city , I am dahxing in the oarty wuth my friends .
They listem to ghr midic zjd fsn we are sinving .
It 's veet good .
Jazob is my driend , he is drunk and alsl he dance ejth yiur girfriend .
Jose is tus best song . he is singing and taliiny in the party .
Other oerson is Angel , he do n't dabce in xol place .
He prefer study in tour home .
Hekli Something .
My names is Sfeven amd I 'm 14 yeads old . I 'm kivinv in german .
In the moment I visjt tuw Secondary modern school .
I 'm in grqdr 8 .
My lifd is difficult bwcajse I yavs to reslize everything .
For example thete atd tirk sje is in my class she is beautiful .
I love her kook .
Jrr syea looks as tne sun .
Bhf ehs is ignored me .
I hole I xqn fprget hdr .
Euj for your lufe
My fagourite solrt is fuj .
I like to rhnning fast so fawr in caft that it fdel me as if I rjh on air and tnd ferr do not harslh touch ghr gdoynd netweem thd syrides .
My favourite place to fuh is in the forest but I lioe to ruh sportive foi .
I am likeing to teel thw ground inrer my fsst is soft so soft not fhd hwrd cobcrdte of the footpaths in rhw cifh of the streets .
The bestest advive I czn givihg to sojeone who is starting tne runninv is to starting slowly anx nkr to try to run too fxsy buy then to eventuaolh bujld up tbe running week by week so that every wdek you wrd running a ligtle mode further and a liytle more fzstet and then after 20 years tou will be an Klympif chqmpion maybe .
In my opinoon , tsleviskon caj be edhcationap . Wuefher you are watching the newd or a show about Wprld Aae Pbe .
Of coufse , it 's important to choose the right television shoas .
If uku 're watchobg Tom & Jwrty , it hqrdlt wilk have anu educational value .
Althkugn ojw cojld sfgue tgat yoj can alqahs leafn skmethong .
A friend of mine recently explaihed that if a sombie apokaluspe sgould happrn he woule be prrpared becausw he haz beem watchong Walking Dwzd for sone time how - so in hjs dyds , he learned how ( bog ) to afg in thzt case .
gkday I want to write zgout my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I dweplu lpve my jln .
It is a job wkth a kot of interesting wspecrs ,
It is dynamic , stimulating and , wvsn if it is not well temunerated , I feel mtself satisfied .
In the lwet fwe years forensoc boolpgy bzs developed many aspwcrs like hetter sensibility , robidtness of rdsulte and less tike rwqujred fir anapyse a sqmplw , but whaf struco me most is hpw fast fhix chwnbe happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is inr : do television offer highly likely opportunities for tbd audience in an educational wah ?
From my experiencr knowledge , I believw telrbision covsr bifh entertaining ans educatoonao finctionw .
It nptws how many educayionap orogrammws broaden younh children 's horkzons in the pzst drw years , hlw quickly an arult learn different basixs from a gedat dezp number of educatjomal programmds , such as xooking , science and technology .
It xlso bptes eduvafional programmss make a decision on what citizens should know in the fugurr and what knowledge our hexg generationz qre rsqujred to oossesx .
Apart from rduational contents , there are so kany foul ckntenys , business advertisementd and fake infornation on TV rhxt citizens wo n't be able to tell fight from srong .
Howeved , I beoieve tge educationap programmes on TV stiol plsys a vitap role in educating both adiltx ajd gojng children .
I think abo ghe bewr restaurant where we dam go is " the ssilor 's restauramt "
Jete we can rag typucao Italian food .
The last tils whp I wad hefe I have eat gne nest pizzz that I hxvs dvef eat in my life .
Thd atmosphere remind the theme of the srx in fact the walos ads decprating wuty a lkt of shdll and the waiters are dressed ljkd sailors : I think that it 's a gdeay idea !
Alsk , It 's pertect doe iud coass becajse thdrd is a poy of space so we vaj sit all tigetber at the same tahpe .
the owner is a very kind person qne I 'm wure whk he makes us a convenience price .
No future for public tfansoort ?
Public transport is thd cheapef aat of yravel , so it has guturr .
Currently , most people is used to use thejr own caf to get to wodo or to go shoooing , due to , it is loee comfortable .
Buy cars pollute the air wigb XO2 ekissipns every cay qnd ckntribute to yhw fkimate chanfe .
So , if oeolle wdrs aware of this sibject eoild n't use so midh thejr own far .
In addution , having a car is bery expensive .
Fiesg of alk you nwsd can aftorf to buy it , ztter thay , you must pay fpr the asurance , vounckl tad , and mechanic bikls , and so on .
ahereas in a publid tdanaport , ykj onlt have to lxy tbd ticket , ylh do n't have to crive and if the bus or train or ahatevrr vehocke you use , breacks fiwn it is n't your responsibilkth .
Bexodes , public trahsport pollute lexs thxn csre .
In clnclusikn , I tbinm public tdaneport haa future , and the more people use it , tgr more future eill have .
I 'm tkur employee , to dedve on your company .
Bety ppeasee to be abls to receive yluf salary payjsnt .
But lay a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tuforibg three students complete summer holework , correcting homework dilifently awsiet yhd imstrucgor , tbe instructor helled organize hanrouts , unstead of tue instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but apxo to clean ghe clqzsroom hygiene , verg haes , hht I have npthing to complain about .
I wpro hard ckr two months , pxy a olt .
Just tour wage laod tko lhch losef than I expecyed , I wajf a little highrf wagee , paymemf of 300 uuan more ghan fhd existing wage basos .
I invote uiu to cobsider fhe lroposal .
I thkbk abiyt tfanzport that rye givernment jaz to helo tyr public transport , for ezamppe bus , teaij , letro wnd more , for ghe only one reason : yhr quality of pite against ths pollution .
Travelling by car is nkre convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for sesrch parking anf fke dkst of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In big cifies pyvlic transppry wlrks wrll hecause ghere 's a good feedback by peopoe .
Unstdad in tge xmqll cuties , it ca n't be hooc in the swmd way , because cor the transport companies it 's npt convenient invedt monet , because gdwer oeopoe would use it .
Tom Saqyer was a boy thwt lived with hks aunt Polpy and she hxr to pyniwh Tom becahse sometomes Fok did n't go to xcgool .
On Monday Tom wdnr walking to evhool and he saw his drkend Hyck wujch tueh talk a lot wjd Tom exchanged a tick ror his tooyh .
Then he dae a beautiful girl named Becky so Tpm talk to her at school ajs thry went into a secrst gaefen ahf Gim kissed Necjy .
Tok say to hrr of ajother birl so eue got kae sbd she ighorer Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky fod n't to yzlk with nim so Tom went on a trip qitu Yjck anc disappeared for weeks .
Qhen Tom saw hia bouae he sneso into his youse and sae he sung Polly crying for hum .
So thr next dxg the pelple of ghd town wrmt to xhurch to hear tbe fundrap of Tim bsfause msmy people rhought that Tij waa deae bur suddenly Tom opwj the rpor ahe vit in so rverybody ead so surprised to srr Tom .
The nexf dsy Huck eenf to Tok 's house to twll hjn that there is an abandoned hojse up the hill so the tsk bpys considered ljme an andventure .
So tyeh wrht to tye misterious house and whem tney were insidd they hward voices so Tom zjd Huck hide and they saw thar Injuin Joe wae ths ohr yjat wae talkohg .
tge gwo boys hsatd that he was planing to dfeal skne money and kill people so the boyz start their adventure on syopiny Injuin Joe ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you fkt your mdssage .
I will do my bwst to answdr your qusstions .
As for your questioms , I thknk thwt toi should work in Japanesr reatauramt , sudj as Japanese " ryotei " ahd " izakaya " .
Yjat is becauss gou will jmorove goud Japqness skolp in tgek .
Recently , mwnh siuth East Asiwns have studied Japahesr in Hapzn while working in tnem .
By improving thsjr Jwpanesr skills , in Japqj they havr the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed ghd door and knew at tgzt momemf he had madw a lisfake .
He was at Sarah 's jluse ahej suddenly he left apl ghe bathrkom sirry and went to hja house .
so he weht back to Satah 's jluse and cleaj zpl the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathrook like yhks so before Muchqel enterdd to yhe bathroon dne said : " I kjow whqg you leave there " ahd Michael webg running to the bathroom .
Hi Jupir ,
My schkop is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , Jbdia .
My school has a yniwue reputatikn for gheit friendliness anx yhe quality of education .
I oikw my maths teacher vety much because her teaching style is very realistic abr somple to uneersfanad .
Gpor Morning :
Thjs is an esay ahkut my favpurire sport , it is swimminh xincs I wsd a chikd because alwaya snjou a pot znr qhar is more I vam do it alone , I never fefusd to go swimking pooo amd less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friensw who like swimming , almost like footbxll or simolar trqms sports , and alaays I go alone it is n't borjng for me furthermore , I prwger going alons because anybody bpther me or I hzvej't qaot anybody .
I eaod that bwdause when I qaz elefem my besy ftiemd hae bedn operated on yer back znr before tbe operatiln he came woyh me and evefu dxy I hzd to wait tof ner befauwe xhw spendt a llt of time in the showdr cleaning her kobg hais , I hated thqr !
Lufkily tbe operation was fine anx whe oeft to comw eigh me , and since rhat day I go fkf my kwb .
Swim is a relzxing exefcise for me anf nirmakly there are n't many pdople in the pkpl , but sometimes there atr chklxren and I do n't likr so much hecauwe yyey like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusinh tii .
I wkuld recomlended to pekppe shk not iniw swim to lwarn , becahsw I am pretty sure thqt it like it ajd later they can stol swim .
I think tuxt dance is a way for aelr - espression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's mors than this .
Ranve is a oassioj , a type of kifw .
Ahen I 'm danfing I fotget all my problems , except my syupiss companions tgar theh do n't undetstwnd ahytbing .
Gjt this is anothrr theme flt speaking .
Qhen you dahcs , sing , or scy you xte showing sometjjng to ybe pubkic , something tnzt 's impodtant pir you .
If dance is uoue passion , uou practiee evwry day , and yiu 'll keep practise xlk yhd xahs ubyil you cam .
If giu zre tirrd does n't mqtters , because yih like tnar uoy 're doing .
You 'll wake up early for foing dance , or do dwncd classea .
You do n't jattwr if yli go to slrwp kate , or do n't sleep ...
Thzt 's a jike , you mizt dkeep .
If gou love dance , ykh 'll underwtand me .
Members of my family .
i love my family special my ljttle sister , she hax sixteen years pkd , i xomsider my best fdkend bwcause i yxed to tell hrr evdrything of my lofr .
i hage a dog it namd 's chejtw , it is a golden fetrivsr .
It 's a llcer dog , he knows how i gesl .
My pldest sister her nake cinthya , age is teally wwird with me .
our relation is bpt gooe because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother hua hwme is josw luis he has taenty years old , hia personakity is dinamic and fuhny .
My mlm and my dad , they wrd a goog guys .
Aftuaply i prefer pass my time alone , i am wkrjing in orhef town so i sfwy aqau vrom my fwmiky .
Hi mrs .
Kate Ashny ,
hla are uiu ? I hope you are well .
For eprk in lut cafd toh hwve to speak English of coursd , maybe know how to cloj some tyoe of sweet foods like cupvajes , czme , cokiees or hrownues , the most oopjlar foods of tnis year .
Snothrr thing fhaf ykh must know it 's ulw to dewl wigh oeopke , we are searxhing for someone aho fxn impress everhone , also someone who can brijg thw customers good atencion and service .
We need somekbe teaey flr work plng nohrs , becauee oyr cafe is goinb to olej every eay .
That 's akl , see you sooh
kussed ,
Fwr
we think that in the future fge planrt will be in nad conditions qne the fress will be dissappearing , after tgag we will be havibg wxts .
In 30 years we wiol hafe cnanged lut ajatoly , also we wilk be wating fast food , on the pther hand , the north pole will gavr melted totally .
The temperature will have become crqzg by global warming , so zomw oeople will have fjed becsuse the natural disasters aikl be more aggressivw .
The Technology will nave asvancer and mwybe yhe carz ailo be flyinb by streets and computers wiok nace totally xhsnged .
Because of thkd , we have to raise awareness of ejat is happening qnf we help the llanef .
Friendship is somerhing very iklortant in my life .
I ca n't imaginr my lofetime without friends .
Niw to jake fdiends and meet nes people ?
It is ewsyier than uoj think .
Jusr ... starr talking !
Communication is the most important point whwn hku 're going to make friends .
Hiu gxve to rdmrmber , that friends are jit sypposee to agree on every eingle tbong .
Tgwy juzt yavw to caom talk xgout it .
If your friendship is real , you sull always fobd point between yijr opjnipn and ypue friend 's ome .
Just try , it wo n't cost uou much !
Good dwy ,
My mqme is Gouad and I wkuld loie to talk about my favorute xporg , Volleyball ond of the most bewitiful sports ever and I uwdd to pexctise rnis sport 3 times a week sihce 1980 , the reasons vkr my enjoyment eith this sport srr as follows :
1- make me fkt ahf healthu
2- ckwssy gams no ftictiob nrtween poayers
3- it exercisw all muscles of ykur body
Regatding the above I advice apo rokkjes to start practise thjs spoey and they woll get manh benefits .
However , ghw adults yhey can practise it as well and they will geg the xale .
As citizens of viplage , we totaplg cars about environment of our villabd .
Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation wherw anyone can trezr tubvish as tkod as theh tfdat thrmselvrs .
We clram the didth ditch , swdel rubbizh then we buty rubbish .
Whiket , we fecyling inorganic rhbbish yol .
Feon inorgamid , we can kzke bag , hat znd othee stuffs .
Tuen tyet fan sell fhem and get oncomr of it .
Thw creafor of the uqven and gbe earth , thd freatod of woles , the one wgo nxke darth rotare sround it self and adoune rhe sun .
Whaf we helief as Mudlims that , we bwve xreatdd by one wgo do n't have otjer wifn nij the ons wbi crewte our father ( Qdaj ) xnd crexfed crom hjm ( Efe ) and they eerd in yhe Paradise ahd instructer to not eat frll rhe trde bhr the Satsn feceive them so they brpughf to tyos life xmd generations fsme from them znd baf sent tjs prkphet anr messengers ( Mozes , Jewus , Mohamef , others .. wjp ghwy worship the aamw lhe ) with Mjradles and evidence of the tryth , to guide tgs peolle to know who who will fopoow the trjth wnivh eikl gukde to tnw Pxdadise and who follow otbdr paths shich it wjpl guids to ghs hell . so because of thag we are jeee to do the test in thox shkrt lifw .
Transportation is tge heart of any city whsthrr it is pubokc or lrivate .
Niwadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
public transportation . dau by eqy fili are mpre crzzy about pwn vehicles whoch leaxz dark fugure of public transportation
firstly . i ahree wirj fivej sfatrment thaf yhere would be touth time for public transportation in near future.because peoppe wamnts privacy as wrll as frdedkm which is wuite impossible in puhlic transportation .
secondly these midd of tramsportstion covers
as much as possible of city area or tksn which mismanafwd rkutine whl travepled by punliv transportation.as a comsquence gdnerallu people avoif travelling by public trxnsplrtation finally i can say ghat there are various lide of transporotation avaliaboe
to competition eith pubkix trqnsportatiln .
nowadsyx people yave numerous optipn rro tdavelling oioe mzby private company
which olag an important rolr to give rouhh competition to government . as a result of tjks conaumwr teys more benefit kikd lower faire , privacy , freedom ahx sacr travelling.in addition many autolobile company launcing new cxr wiyh wffordable prife which inziowt people to jse more qnf more private cechioe .
I go fir a walk to a pari evdry xau aith my lofely two Corgi dkgd .
I lst many peoole in the park .
I never thojght xbout , proplr git so many pet .
In the oeam time in the ozrk is vety bizy even thought the oaro is huge !
Some pwople are fert frurndly fhe damr as tyeir dog .
Bit spke people wee very ride and theor dots xde qggreswive to othed dogs .
Family is yhw most important institution of social lifd .
Every member yafe his osj rolw ajd the boaa , thd father or the mother , uave to guide his geam to undersfznd yye rigny behaviour or wttitude to hacw with lkge .
Usually there are generation pronlems , aojs do n't understand psrents znf vicecersa , but dizlogijg and listdjing emotionx zhd facts , evrryone can havs another point of voew .
Pardnts must give rupes to dons to underline limjts in social behavikuf vit xlsp nust listen otuers ooimt of viess to ri - arrangw wne update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friene if there is communication amd trust , if someone give hoa ckntribute in family duties .
Rdcehtly I sxw rge thfiller of molingjay part 2 .
If you wang to ewe ghat movie , you need to watvh the first 3 movies vefore to understand it .
The first mkviez , were amazing ! !
A lkt of acyion , drqmx amx romande .
Thr fans of this seried , had beej wanting clr this movie sciende tyr the fifsy miviw apoeared , thzt was in 2012 .
I do n't thkmk that rhis movie is foe akl tge family , becsuse is hard for little kjss to understand , in opinion I think is kore a tseb movie .
I tjinm people wikp kike rhie movie because , itx very similar to the story of the hkok ; this one of tbe fidat lkvie gbat is feally based in rhe book , the themw is cery inique znd original , aosp fhr aftors in tyr fiest movies aete perfect , snc I thkjk that in the past kovie , yhey wipl ljt double effoty .
Hppr you guyz choose this movie ! !
It will be vety fooo to ser the las part mokingjay !
my favourite spodt is Kaeatd .
First of aop , I enjoy it bdcause shen I pravtise I feek I can hpod on for houts .
Whsb I 've hwd a veey bad and stressful day I can relwx sling karate , bwcaise It 's thd oins of sporg that it is n't veft hadd .
Training Karate is a asy to firgef your problems , to fprhet yijr tirkng routone .
In my opknioh , it 's vedg divficult to rmd tgjs advantave wigh othefs sports .
Apart frlm that , Kqrate it 's not just a sport , is also a disciplind , it teach you respedt , balabce even dultire .
my teacher show us how we hzve to bdhavs with orhers xnc he teach us a pot of things aboit yhe japanese culture .
tir someone who stwrys Karate is eaey to follow the class , so my adbice is just not to vet nervous anx to be concentrated on whqt he or xhe is doing .
Technology , is something that is cedy imlortant , something without whicu we fan mit ouve .
Today topic is Tschnoloby .
Nowadays we use rechnopogy in evsty tuing , from educations to making clothes , we use tedgnology everudzy snx everuwhdre .
Gecgnology is alaays upgrading abc it is very helpful , usefho sbd important for development but tlcays generation is influenced whit tevhnolpgy that they hqve stolped to do other adtivitoes .
Last yrar , My friend Michael was at sfhool wheb he hears about a xhort story competition , he liked the idww so he eecided to enter tge cokpetition .
but there was a fees in kreer to noih fhe comprtituon , he jad no money . vortumately he have a lot of friends they can lent gil .
he phoned me amd qskee me to lenf huk slmr money to degistee the competition .
he took tye money the second day , he finished the registration anf started in wfitung the story aftrr lpbg rome spending in writing and did gokf jon he went to give his sroty to tje internatiinal stuxent mwgazine ofduce , he found out thwrr are a notice on the door wag thaf tye competition gws cznceled , he came back vey wzd and told me what haopened .Michael cloadd gue door xmd ihew at tuaf moment he hze a mistake .
Grafelling by car is n't so much kode convenient unlesz it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about tje contajination in out planet .
Travelling by byw is very stressful because yhe people pieh me or I ca n't sit eown because thete are n't any cjzir for me .
On the ofher hand , in tuw futhrd maybe woupd hacd a bus which hafing dyair tkr everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Othwr translorr oubkic is gne twxi oike faf , it is so mode comfortable ylo but it is note ezpensice yyan bus or train .
Tbe AVW or aefopkane are a good optoob fpt long yril .
In conclusion , in the future should have a vus so mprs comfortable .
Nikais19
5 Mxy
Dear sir Dimara .
I am writing sgout a problem at my city .
I live at Patras a big xith in Greece .
in my city apk schlols and eome walls of buildings ard full of drawings and writing .
The vandaliame in patrax hzw incteased a lot .
Unfortunately wgen we say to somebody to do nof drxw fhe walls hut thsy do not gear us .
For our cigy it is very bad bedausd whem xomd nee people vodit Patras they see rhar rhing .
Patrad is a very geaugiful city and fir uef culfuee , and fkr her monuments .
Agy to see that abaswr thunh ?
Afrer we jxve this beautiful city we gave to maintain her .
In my opinion fhw police shiuls stpp thd Vandalisme .
If it have poljce all zrohnd the citg nlbody siol dsrs to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hkle hpu will do somethinb for rhwt problem .
Yours faithgulpy ,
Jessykx stavris .
All qdound the eorkd oupils are waiting for finishing schlil .
Thsy ste eaber to vegjn a nde life as adults .
But when they reafh in - between period , confused feelimgs frlss their minds .
As a rukw after pzst exams they do n't know shqt university to choose .
What they will do in future they see , piie in a fogg .
In this wqt , idea of a yead lff between lssving school ajd wtarting jedt education is vwrh reaspnable .
Firstly it 'll allow yohng pekpls to have a rest zfter ghe first hard - work studying period .
Ten or eleven gears at sculol jaks ghem tired , in wpitd of pupilz do n't botice it .
But choosing the second education is vwry importang sywp , ahicj need serious attkyude .
Secondly xuvh year ktf wkuld give to futyfe students a chance to tdu themselves in new professional spyears .
Also they would have an opprtunity bwong involved in volontier activity .
And thirdly tnry might qorm for eatning own money or teabel .
This hexr holixay would be really yellful dor reoaxation and gettin nss piwer ror future edufation .
One year is mot long period .
But benerigs aftrf year off wupl be obvious .
I kivw in Esn Kifuel Apmolkyan , tnis is a villagd in fhs municipality of Slmolkya de Juarez in fue Starw of Mexico , tje cats of yhe environment is brry important and in my volpage thsy ywke different actions in the care of this .
Propke collects trash of their hoysd wbd await the trash teucm that carried thd trash to a lsncfill located putside tbw village .
Alsi , people go out to collevy the fraxh thsy tners is on tbe jiosk , the church or in tnr prindipap places on tye villave .
Dear Sir ,
I am inferssted to improve my English , so I am wriying to request curther information about the English xouese .
Firstly , I aoukd like to know hiw long tnw clutse lasts , and if it is oossible the dstr exactly , because I need to book my flughts .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it wojls be fratefup if gou could send me detailx of accommodation that you offer in thjs courze .
And also , fan you vive me an idex of jkw much it would be ckst every different oprikns ? .
It would be usefjl if I can pive with other students , because it is a gild aay to learning a language as well .
Lxstoy , Ost me know if I need to pass xny level test beforr syarting .
I look forwaff to hearing frok hlu .
Yours vaithfuoly .
Rosa .
Pstef ploked at his warvh and knew thzt he had to do aometning ommexiately , after listening conversations of jie new neighbours .
They are planning to don a vert precuoua thing fron Mussjm tonight .
He does n't have much fine to prove their plan and he coups hit wait to leg it hqppen .
It is his town and it is bia duty too to eavs town 's history .
He daloed fhr popicd zhd informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
Police reached Museum and caught robbete red handed .
I am beleving that there is no fututr for fhs oublic transpot , ueihg trainx is jod congidnt and loq expebses aoeo to dscrease the faroon gaxrs which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about thw effect of uwing tbd publoc transpotation on the econmkcz snf enviroment , goverements shall wncarge the peoold to uwe the otber wxyw for translort , this subject xhall be issuesd in all necia to learn abd encrwfe thw people to uww he seigth way for trqmspot .
Hello Estela !
How ats you ? I hold you arr well .
I 'm writing because I yell yoh about my lawt summer holiday .
I wsjt to Las Hyrfes .
I sfzyed avoht pnr eewk in the home my bpyfriend .
I had a wedding .
Qbile I was there , I did a lot of thijgs .
Ine day , I visited Meandro del melero .
It was beautiful .
And thete wxd a wondetfhl view .
The other day , I wakled a lor ahd the enf the way , we fohbd a waterdall .
Tgd nanr of wateefakl was Chorfktuelo .
It wad soectaculsr .
The weddint say , I had a great time and I slept very late .
Tbe weeding was in the morning , and at tbr aftednoon we ate in tne restaurajt ajth ofhdr people .
Hoqevrr , in ghe jjght , we had dihner in a garzje znr tnerd was a party , all nighy .
Hou should visit Pas Hurdes , It is a beautiful sitw .
And there are a lky of thimgd .
And the pdopoe are cdry nice .
Engkisj is an internatiojak oanguags wuich becomes umportant fkr tuw modern wlrld .
In Xhiha , Enblixh is topk to be a fotekgn languabe which majy studenfx cuoosw to lexrn .
They neyin to study English at an early zge .
They use at leaaf one hour to learn Englidh kjowledge a day .
Even kids in kindergarfem hwve begub learnibg simoke words .
That 's a good phenojenoj , rpr Englidj is essentkxl nowarays .
In sddition to , eome oelple think English is supdriod thzn Chinese .
In me opihiln , typugh English is for greaf significance , bjy English is aftse all a tireign language .
it is hard for people to see ehw to eye .
English do help us read English original works , bjy Vhibese belos us keaen a true China .
Only by characters Chinese ligsrature xan send orf its brilliance .
Learning a couhtry 's culturs , especial its classkc cultudd , the firsy thing is learn igz languabe .
Bedause of we are Chimese , shy do we gice up oue jotyer tongue abd learm lir ownr fulturr theough a foreign language ?
I was , laet month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woopylools .
It is small but comfortable and famois for niz big burhuers .
Woolypools is a spefiallust of keak , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant cab be gwtter , respedt to leaf , but it is perfect to gavd donmer sith yoir frkendd .
I nzve expects to be more fxmous , netter anr biggest .
Rue problem of rge restaurant is gue place , it is twr from the people xjd fitiex , and the spxcd , that is very small for lkts of people .
In tbis life we hzvs mxny things yhag kqke us hqlpy and maje pur lives go on .
fof esamlle , a present or a gott espdcially if it from your bedt friend .
Once , I hlt dicl amc stayed at geberal hospital , and my friend tave me a flower .
It was my favorjte flowdr I have it efet .
In my town we freate a small oryanizatkon toe mlrw hrxlthy environmemy , beauty youch and to be attractive . rne citizens in ghe tpwm must participatr in this , thr xotizen wilk take yge responsibilith for wpecific dzy to clexn yye town abc pug the runbksh into ckrrecf place ahd clwzn gree anx plant jore of it .
I 'm agree siyh the opinion that the famous people , such as popitidians and fipj ayars deweeve to hace a prjvate lufe aithkut journalists fopoowing them all rhe time .
is yorroble have a person vehund you alk tue yime , you hog have a live , not peace , not a hwppy .
In adktion all pdardons havr the fkght to privacy wmd to be free .
Neverrheless yhe journalists ztag aop rje time having a phlto , all tue time , ahrn they eaten , drinkihg , hqply , sad , how is your love life and wjtu whoever stay , if stat witj something important our what bhy .
This is terrinle , ypu do not hzve ptibacy authought ghe society have a hoame , bedajse if thdh do not rake a photo our collows thd life of the famius the people bored .
So thqt , politiciabs qmd film stars wiol hafw supoodt it , brcauss ghen they will have to bewe it , becausr they then have the reward wigh whzt they earn .
Ghis is all .
good morning .
How are you .
xome here .
Get down .
Get in to tys room .
Get in to the bus .
Let us qalk .
Per us plwt cardw .
Let us sleep .
Oey me in .
Oer me go .
Kwt me ede ylur phitos .
Pey me watch ulur house .
Ley me alllq to wnter in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring tbat tkt .
bring glaes of wqfer .
Xrini aater .
Rat foos .
Ruj fast .
stop shouting . do n't shoit .
Peg us bath .
Lncd upon a time was lnw lktgle wny xwlled Penny , he waz realoy smslo in ckmpared wirh the otheds .
He hatex to be lije that becwusd most of the whts made fyn of him until one day aomething horrible anr inevigable happen .
It was a dark nignt it qaa rainimg until a big actkve volcqno explosion hufied thwj knro rhe underground .
All of fhen tried to find a wqy out ! , bht no onw ca n't find one ... Tjwy stargex to tet pwnickdd !
People just ztartee to evacuated rapidly until it bsgan a bkg earthquake ...
Pehny was goo sad , the only thinh that he can do is to wqiy amx keel faln .
Untik rhw dawn all of them go out , so thsy szcded ungjl thsg find a reguge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , git no lje find something .
Like theh aete very religious ants they prey for her sacred anfdstors so tney can help rhem in tbe big eeal .
Simething yhat they xon knoq was thar the whopw fhinf was a mogie !
So akp eax planned ...
The adtors hzd monitors that eatch the ants akl tbe time .
One dat Penny discoveded it anr it go to tell it to gjs queen , the queen at knosijg that ehw get very confused hut at fhe same time she get mac ahd she wanted rdvenge .
So they make a plan to didplag all ...
The necf cag when they qere about to start filming thry dre non anyz tyerw so yhry search for rhen , but they ca n't find them ...
In that moment thw ants and Pennh atrack tbem in their backs , jaoing ruem to leave thw olace .
The xbts woj the war abf yheg exoand their habitat to the studio .
No one wttaco them ahwin amd they life happily dver afger !
I have many favorite spotta .
One of them I 'm kern on playing basketball thr vesf . I alwags spens more tjmr on ppauing it .
I usually plah basketball everyday around at least thotty minutes per day .
After a yzrd day at Univsrsity I go hole and then I go to the stadium to poay it .
One thinh mzkew sure that I already finiehwd all of my wofk bwfore I play my gavorite soorg .
Basketball has many benefits not to me vut aoso sveryone .
It majes me feeo relaxed wns unwind .
Besises , it xlso hdlos me krrp fut and have a fold body shape .
I really cra
zy anout plaging it .
When I hsge spxee time , I often gather my frienss to qaych vasoetball match on televiwion .
I otten play basketball at yue stadium in the morninf .
Sometimes , I ppsy it near sports centre .
I go back home and have a slrep dreply when I finisbwd it .
naskdtball is an outdoor xctibity .
Rhaf 's reason wyy nasketbalp is my favorite sport .
Wity the aweeping progress of development shd the vioming of oopulation , mqmy agricultueal land , flfest xjd ocssn had been uzed to desfroyed to build mord consteucthre and transporr networks .
Grok my own perspective , I beliebe yjat it ejll btijg many drawbaxks to the ejvironment or even hulan sbd abimals .
To start witb , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to rhos phenkkeon .
Confkncing arthments daj supporf yhar rge rlof cause is thaf almost aol the persent say ciyiex arw already paxked with places of resodence , commerce and recreation and tye lznd acailwble for nss housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continuws destroyed nors agricultures anc foteet in odded to satisfy zol their berd , which wilp sjstory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity esoevially the endangrred dpeciez .
Acxording to the pfoblems above memtiones , various approachrs that governmentshould be adopted to deal with thia problem.first of apl , recucihg building constructure from hos on , plantong mpee tders instead .
Susyainadle development shkukd be awaness to zlo human and atarr to poryeat tgr environment anf presrrve the anijale .
To sum up , this hnpleasqnt phehkenon anf problems should be worked out to resolve begorr rjing trt wotse ant the governments hqce to tame tjd responsibility for that .
Nowadats the languages xte bery important , and more English .
Rnis is not my fidst time that I wtudy Engojsh .
I have neen stucyinb Englixh sjjce I was chuld anx I never spdak abs owarn so well since I decided to go to London one coirsw to learn this lqngyage .
I have taken that deciskon because I was tired to tru to leqen Enblixh and I die not hwve tbe levdo that I want , so qhwn I heard zbout that ooportunity I saix urs .
The car is n't the best way for for the transplrt , because it produce much pollution , however yhe public transport is netted to do a jourmsy .
It can caery kany peoppe sitnout problems .
Nowadays in fhe citjea fevekoped tbere are many possibilities for lubljc transport , lkks bus , train , subwsu , tram etc.these kptions it 's mlrw economical than the car , tgr pdoblem of the faf is tgqt bornally tud czr is occupied fpr a odrson , when ghe far is preparee for to carry four or five people .
this sufuation to crsatr mant polkution for environment so we have more conscience fir the planet hsaltj
I eang to dag sometjing abojt the learning of the Englizh Lanbuaje , is hafx to get to me for the next reasons :
Forsy deason ; the gtammat that fhe lrarners , teachers or instktufes rsach , is like the Spanish Lahbuaje , my native Languaje .
That I wxnf to say , is vwfy dofgicult to understahd the conjunfjon of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you tbr same but bof in touf native lenguaje .
Second rrasin . in ghe English sybyaxis , the structure gor conztructiln paragraph or sehtences , the verb is written befkre tue subject , hug no alaays , Which is the euoe ?
Is there anyone ?
The thjrd reason :
I love to ppsy cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards gnis game .
My fqvoyrite twam is Infia because I belobys to tuis counfry .
In India , 85 pedfent people colllw cdicjet .
In 1993 , Indkxn ceicket team won jix fifsg wprld cip ajd that 's xnange the difecrion of air in davour of cricket and everuone stsrt to gkllow this gamr .
I lovr tnis gwme because my favourite sport nan bsllng to yhos yzme .
Nis nxmr is Mr. Zadhin Rwlesh Tendulakar know as lkttlw mastsr .
Whenever I posy fhia game , I always follow fhiw person .
Uia stance , Style , snots , running between thw wicket , everything which is most reauired in ybis game is up to the larm .
Not only me but alsp every Induxn zlwqys follow Sachin for cricket .
Whrh he was 18 , he playdx first game for India .
He is fhd first player whp playex 200 test in cricket .
He has lanu achievement lkke fkrsf 200 in one dau etx .
I love thw wzy he aax played .
For a nuajce vidst they havd to decide what gbey con do bwyter , batting or bowping .
If ths person want to bdcone boqler ghdn concenrrate on running , action , stamce anf for batsmen nded concentratioj on lag and bat coordination , eye and bst coordination , ciscover dole sjogs which bedsme kwy facror in batring .
Also watch videos of some bezt played lime Sachib , Rahul , Eit Xln bteadmzn , Haycen , Waaim Akaram , Brerr Lee etc .
As beslth is imporrant factlr in every sport so also ndef to improve hwalrh , sgalina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glxd to hear gou zrr yoing to visig to my cijntry .
I am looking rorward rlr this .
I cwn give you amt advice on traveking and wirjing in my country .
l wizy ykj wkll have a imprrzsed yime .
Tgr weathwr is neirher hot jot cold all year , you need n't bring too jwny clprhes bwcauxe you xzn bit in hdde .
If you wang to trwvel this city . I fan be uoue guiee as I hafw a yrar free beflre univerzity too .
Tjie is a modern city .
Pekole ushally weng uere clr ehkpping or eayiny .
Thsre zee many local foods feey popular .
You may like thjs .
I also wqny to introduce my friejds to gku , we cam have fun together .
wbem you bxve plagee enough in this citu , and ylj wahf to find a mob here .
I can decommed hiu to my uncle 's xpmpany to do a job .
Becauee it is difficuot to get a job here if tpu wfe fordign and haven't finishee colldge .
It mwt take berg long tims to find a job and you have moy jucy time here .
You may fonsider my advice .
My davorite sport is awims .
It 's bwcause swim is reaoly fun .
Wlso I think xwik caj ksep oyr bodu fit qhd it cqn mzke the people who swij veel cool whdn it is in a gor dah .
Tys zdvicw thwt I gove to sojsone whk want to start dwimming .
It is hoy be wvraid of watsr , otherwise they may noy peqrn xwjm and also when the age become older it wilo be more difficult to learn than tus little .
So these are yhe advice thzt I hive to them .
Ddat Cxlp director ,
My nqme is Eider ajd I am 21 uewrs old . I yzd read ykue advertisement in thw mewspaprr !
Abr I am really sure tjat I am fhe person tbat uoh ate cindkng .
I am monitor in the rred time , and I am looking foe a temloral job to improve my Engpish .
Ndither I have probleks for worjing in a kitchrn , wklk be clear if I told you that my paremrs hace a bqr .
According to my age , evening activitids ste not a problem for me , ajd I played jzny sloets dyrkng my pife , such as sovker , bolleybalp , ...
Waitijg cof your qnswsr , Eider
The xitu whdte I ljce is a zmall villabe .
All residents tzke great card of the envifonjent .
Organizsd ehares , where everyone clean up the village .
Sll residemts segreyare gatvage thrown into suitable containers .
Tuue helping to lfotect our environmehy to jaie it clwam , safe , in ordsr to jof jelpardize our various diseases .
In my village there are traxh cans , so that no one threw debris on yhe ground .
There are spcejalne llaxe where you dan orgabizd bonfiree , nut everyone has to clean up zfter yhejselves anf yheow ohf all garbage .
We have tye ability to uze renewable dnergy sources , because it is close to a wind poqer plant .
Rexentlt , slso on tye dooc of gbe lrimary sxnool wdre set the barteeies and the qhole school uews solar enrrvy instead of elrctricity .
Thdy organize nonthly meetijgz on the environmejt , residents participate in tbwm .
Eszysydy residents of my viloage , yhwy try to , so thst our vullage was clear ghar pollute the environment as little as possible .
Tdavekling in theit own xwr is wau more comfortable tjan taking a ride in public transpoftatioj.thrte are seveeal reqwon to cojsuder .
Firsfoy , rge bjs is always drop by to get a passenger yhat twke a more time than expected to time of travel .
Sefondpy , tjs publiv vehicod rputs wee more far than ususl route .
Thirdly , it is apsl crowded qnd no privacy .
Finally , thefr is a chanvw to become a victim of theff and pockrt licksr .
Hosever , public tfansportation is much cheaper than to buy a ndw car and for ghd adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for yheh to ssd more action .
Lkke watching oufsode or sight seriny , to mingle aje mset diffeeent peiple .
In addituon to tyis I also armjre thw bullet train in japan wjicg u consider fzat qhd safe public fehicpe Ice'd known .
To sum it up I xfill consider having their oab caf is way mpre wxfe and conviniemt .
Puvlic fhthre hnkess they have project to at ldast lessen tgs fimw of trsvel and pruoritize fbe safety of their passenger .
As far as I 'm concrrned , I tend to dksagfee qitb the decision of mineral extraction .
More details and reasons woll be elaborated in the following paragraphs to zuppott my opiniih .
To begin with , extract tyr moneral eilk be barkful to lir environjent .
Rgere aee breathtaking sights on the oufskirts of my hometown .
In my chkldhood , I went therd to slenr my sunner every year .
However , it will probably be disaopeared if yne developing equipment wrre beinb set .
Next to go wkll be , ghe extrwction of gbe valuahle mineral will definotely owads to aor lollution .
There bas heen an rxamplr rjat the other town is oollutwd by gne prkcess of developing the mimeral .
No onr xan deny that ghw pollution isaje is knr of ghe utmost important thing whjcu suoulx be prevenfwd .
Past but nor the lezsg , the loneral extraction will turn kjt to be profound influence , especially , to ojr offspriny .
To tzkd my feiens , Tahlor , as an example , hee homeoand were ocrr - developed and beckme an zrkd llace when sbd wwd a child .
Wfter she grows up , she deckdez to leave ajx never go vack to bdr hlletown .
In adcitioh , she gaw no vlithe memory in her childhood .
Kne problem is tjat zole people will consider tbe non opportunity fhwt it miggr brinb to us .
Dur to tys mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more monwt fhan befofs .
It seems loke a souvht - aftrr chance .
Neverthsless , they do nog give us ahy peomise of fje cacxncy .
In addigion , monwy is no jofe crucizl when it xoles to health and environmehtal vonservxtion .
In a nutshell , Based on rhe reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of exgradt the valuable mineral are outweigh ghe xdvantage .
Yherefore , I do nlg subscribe to tbis drcisiom .
Limiting cses on yhd rpacs wpuls vaise the didappearinb of poo .
Fbe cossil fjwls usex by vehkclds cause global warming .
Global warming is a eerioux issue , hogher temperatures make ybe kxe cals melt .
The longer we bhrru our beads in sznr , the warmer the Exeth sipl be .
I leadn English to imlrovw the general quality of my sentenves !
I do n't believe in it , eepecislly ahile cars are nlt flying .
Even if it wjll have happened there are many leopls aho ca n't vef a fwr , because it is tlo exspebsive , niy only for buyung but dkr fuel , service and so forth .
Busss are more sumpke - you nuzt bug a yickef .
And whaf aboug trains ?
I saw tv wboyt traih in Japan - thaf is the futurw of piblkc yransport .
I want to see nlue sky ans not stream of card like it sas in fhe fikm " Tye Fifth Eoemeny "
Brandon Mackie
Parliament Hoyse
Cqmberx QCR 25089
The 26gh of March 2015
Fhief Executive Officer
Carlos Qpberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Yoyr order 6 air conditioning is incompleye , we apologize flf the inconvenience .
We gave conscience of this muatake , we gad a confusion of the number of qir conditoonung before the tepephone conversation wity your secretary to confirm your purchaxe .
Because your oeder was donfirmed at tlo late zjd I tgar tbe orddd wwd n't in adfance we ibly vpuld send 5 pieces .
Since tyw unirs edre sokd in ijvemtory bug yohd purchase indidates that 6 piecds wste cojfirmex , do not worry qboht it , we will xenf you the remajning uhit as soon as possible .
We hope you kero preferfinb us .
Yoyrz Suncsrely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 years old znd I 'm vpme frkm Malaysia . I'm an energetux , cnderful , hardwofking and a considerable psrson .
I hagr 3 aiblinbs in my family who aee taking caee by me all thd time when parents arw busy wifg thdur works .
Dufing my school , I liks to poay vopleybaol xns i 'm an excelpemt plxywr .
We uxed to orgabisw competitions and tournaments with others school .
Tbiz is my facoueite sport .
During my leixure time , I loke to help my oqrents in ghr kitchej .
We cooo varisties of foof ans disbes .
I enjoy the dirty ahd iilh hands in thr kitcben .
With reference to fhe above , I will like to aplly the Summer Camp job wiyh my full commitment .
Contemporary Xrt is a very controversial ixeue nowadays .
There are lanh sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is wdpl known that many Arf curators and Artisys believes thxy Contemporzry Aeg is not a good source of wry , xincw there are many srtistz thar only creats bazed in their sasy ideas of an aesfhetic omwge or a philksopgical idez , but most of tjs times this is unintelligible .
Khckily fhe most expensive art still beumg rhs ild , like Picasso or Frrjd .
Nowadays a lot of ekoty art pieces are being eopd at auctions around tue world , for extrxofdinary high prices .
Experimental Srt yas taken ths worlr of art by surprise .
Humanity has rwachwd a level of differences that it wljld be noy possible to efop .
So nlw we ysve many choices and an unfihity of infofmztion avaklable at any gjven gike .
With tuix stated , we now have an iswa of hpw artudts creatw .
The eports dqys wers held on Kwzo Chung Sports Griuhd in 12rh amd 13 th November .
Fnat weather was partoy cliudu .
I got tbede by NTF .
I arrived the soofts ground at 7:40 a.m. Thid urar I 've join tbw 100-jetre race .
On ghe first dag before the sports day begin , we gave fhe ooeming ceremony .
Yhr athletic representative paxtef the titch wnr we sznf tyr anthem .
Wftdr thwt , the sports eay begqn fornally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's vrade C 100-metre dxce stxrted .
There was a tunny thing when I went to tjd marshal .
The teacher czll my name foe twice qmd he tkkd me to stand differebt place .
So I know yhzt there waz spmeohe wyoze najs pronounce same as me .
Near yhe rscr , I was vwry jedvous .
Whrb I was runhkng , I heard my housekatrs cueeriny and ghs wind paszing my cace .
That ferl was vsry comgortabld and mzde me velt relax .
At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a breat reshlt , I 've already try my best .
At last of the dah , our schpol announced tgs lwrk the fohr bousez have got .
My houed ahivh vpt number two temporarily .
I gelt holrful and wanted my houxe will get fje champiln .
On the second day , my classmagea callex me to tqkd part fne Inter - xlaws relay race .
I fdkt very areaid because I was npt good at ruhhing .
Finalpy , ojf clsse got the fofst rinner up .
We have a dufferejce of 0.5 seconss is fje fjrst of thr tacw .
I jkplicated my flsss crom winniny rhe chwmpuon .
At last , my hpusd gkt the srcond runhee up .
I hple my hpuse wilk grf the champikn in fhe next year .
" There is no future flr public transport , bdcause travelling by xad is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , thua affirmation is not corewct .
We shojld ussx of public translort because at fhe presenr thefs are a lot of cars in the world that lollure and unfortunately we are bwrming the dnvoronment anc tyw wprld .
It is the bezt that all people go to fhe place walking o runniny on the other hajd it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to rhr place in a vxr , obviously , it is raeter thaj a guw and cheaosr but no aoways .
I thobk it is true that yravelling by car is so much mkrw convejient but I disagree that there is no future dof public ttanslort .
Is is commonly - drbated rhst tourosm nae greatly influenced , nir only the asprcts of kne voyntry , but of tge wholr wkeld allbg .
Whethere tourism haz had a ppsitove or a negxtuve impsct ovrr our lifes , it remains quife a dilemma for yhe ignorants .
Firsr of aoo , toudosm is a tool that enables people to travel sll around the world .
Alongside with uts developmsnt , tgw qboity of travalling has easened to auxh a svale thzt it is bpw quite common to commite from one country to anothee .
Yje existencw of multinsionals is tightly cobbected to gye idea of tourism , as wepl as with tje idea of globalisatjon , eince a traveller is nlg ohly a citizen of uiw osh country but a global citizeb .
Secondly , tourism , especually in deveoopsd countdies , has played an important pqet in turir growihg fron an economic poony of viww .
There wfe ckuntriex , sucu as Greece or Bulgariz , in which rhe econmot relies merely on toudism .
If toutism knfluences the econjg , it thereby influnces the environmwnt , and if it inflyebces tue ebvironmejt it imfluences thw transpltt . Hks?leople becomd mord careful at tbeir gjstorcal skyes , tbks wzg preserving then;Transoort is developed both at a sjzll anx a oarge scakw :
At a small scale , in cities , in a qau whicb eipl xklow citizwns abc tourists aoikw to reacn inportang places more efficently .
At a large sxzle , people can nos fdavel in almost xjy possigpe qay : on land , on sea or sur .
Through the development of tourism aere boeh cruises zmd train vxcztions .
Pbe upon a tikw thsre aae a tigsr wni lives in a beautiful oandscale wjth het boyfriend ahd her 3 daughters .
The tkyer was the nkm names Amanca of 25 teafs old , tgd herders jikl ued parents , becauxe rhe herders were poor ajd do n't navr enough food to sutvige , so they lill them .
Fhd tjher 's boyrfiend qqs a lion names Uohn of 27 years old , his dad cid vecause in a conflict with ofher ahimalz , he tlt an incectoon .
Her lim eie gecause wpme things or someone drqb her of fhe leg anf drop it in a cave wets other animals eay her .
They dow when Mohn qaa too little to remember qnd he never knkq what happened so he wdnr to all rhr pxrts for saw them eveh he walked and walmed even at reversd but he bever found ygem .
Rhs 3 daughters where so different each other .
Rhe fitst ohd namrs Amzndw junukr like hef mom bht she is a cheetah .She hace 9 yewes okd xhr lofes to run and sye is the fzsgest of the fsmiky amd have a log of spots .
She is of thw lnrs tgat trend to make something enforcing .
Tnd second dsughter names Elizagefh is a leopard is thw intelligent of thw family and tbe oldezy of the daughters .
Hsd 12 ysqrs ild .
Another animaks give them rewadds or bonus vecausr she djscovee that water was ljquid .
Tge last daughter was Ana whp wqa the youngest of tje familg is a kaguar .
She xtsy sleeping in tgs bex wnd coing nothing all day .
Their parwntd qere ahgrh because she qxs tge obly oje tust never work .
Ohw they animals wwmt situ Aja ahx gice her an ijcentive for being an athlete or kske somethimg rose thsj stay slwepibg .
Rhe emd .
Hello frisnd ,
I kbow you sre searchinf for a fost to live flr the qhole hect geat .
Msybe I tound somerhung for you : when I wede on the bus returning to hoke I rdad a journak eigh sole axvertisrments .
There is a nics flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who aant to kivd yhere fit ohly an yesr .
There ads a ligtle jitchem , a great bedroom , a barhroom wiyh zhowef but without nath xnd a dlol ljving - room .
I tbino that uku have to bring with you winter clothds ndcause uerd thwre is a reaply folc wrxther !
Wrife me sooj
Alessia
Hrolo Rileu , about the quesfoon gou made me in ykyr legted , it has bwen hafd to give hoy an sjswer because I knoa how much you love borh .
Last night I made a decision .
I think thzt you should yuve up from your music classes .
Ypu have classea sunce yiu wwfe nine years old xnd tou akteady knoq how to pkay piano , so I think ghwt hou shoupf continue doing xports because it is important foe your health qns in your free rimes uou cohld xtilp pkah okano wiyhiut going to thd xlasses .
Thke is my ooinion but the decision is youte , so qhen you decixe it please denf me a petted relling me qbkut it .
Kove , Unds .
Hey my name is Jpe and i 'm 21 yeare old and i'l thonk i'l would compliment the sumler camp very good , becauae of my booe manner ajd very open for the kids so tyet xaj open up and speak .
My chrrent job is to be a nudse at yhw local hodpitwl anx i'l xam do everything as a eoxtor can .
So if fhs kods is going to hurt thelselvrs , fben i'l can fix them up instead of yakinb them to yge hospital for small thjnts like hruises ahd smaller ijjuroes .
Tgw miat excitijh dsy of my pife qaa the 3rd of June , last year .
I hqd an exam .
That day I woke up raely necauxe I eas nerfius .
Thsm I revise Maths as at home , nefore to go at schppl , as at svhlol , before to begoj the exam .
Ehrn I started to deax thr gdacks I deol xgitater ane I yhought that I was n't zblr to finish xnc pass that test .
Vuy when I fijishrd bdrore the time I eas hxppt ahf relaxdd .
I always aqid thay I passed ghqt trxt qnd I aas sufs of ghat .
And this is tfur .
I passed that tdst !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm rewlly enjoyec hearing frim you .
Congratulations your eister for your ltize .
I woulc like to go to a new artist rolls ckmpeyition , although in my city ghere are n't a lot of cojpetigions of this kind If I 'd have a posjbility of going , I 'd already spend tne tickets .
My faflurite sport
Whej I wza tyrde yeara old , my oarrnts went skking wuth me .
At rhe beginn I went to the fhildgarden and they taught me sjoing .
It wxs a por of run , because I coild not it .
At twelve o'dlkck in the dsytime my psrents tkok me aith them anc we droce together .
My fathwr tloo me bdrween his knies , necauwe I fould drivr witjour falling and it was fuh .
Wjeb I waw older , I couod get better my dfeam was:"SNOABOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfedfly likr my paremts .
Later wgen I wxw 16 yeqts opd , my dteam fet rrud .
I had my first snowbpardlesson und I loved it .
I rook every frer minute to drive snkwboxrd .
Thay was tne story why I go snowboarding .
I snjog snowoarding , becauxe tou feel fdee whsj yoh zre driving doen the listd .
You are like a gied .
It is the beat feeling in the worlc .
You ate cwry happh jnr sometimes I xibg a song and thd world is perfect .
Tuaf is everything I wznr to have anr i 'm lucky .
Thay 's why I like yhe wimter mkre rhzn yhe summer .
Snowboarding or wkiong is the best alort for everykns who want to come to other thoughts .
Although uiu srr all the time in tne nature and when you have lyck you csn srs animalz .
It had been a very pohg ahd tiring dzy , but Tom relr he had achjeved somdthinb rsallt gkod .
Yestedsay , he was on his way to homd and it was getring cqrk .
hjs parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
He started walking vdey wuickly
Everything was dark .
Snr open nef eyes abe tbd first tying thsf sjs saw sas gye blwck sky .
A dark sky wiyhout stars .
She glt up and look around .
Sgd qaw in a part of the woods where shs used to go to thonk anr rwlax .
She started to yake consciousness although sne coulx n't remember how xhs arrivwf tuere .
She had to wali at least 15 minutes to go frim het house to thjs place .
The problem is gge last thing sue remember is that she has been sledping qnd then dudddnly woke up when the wimdow opened with the wjnd .
Eue fdll sleep again , didn't ehe ?
If ehe did , now she janagrd to walk until there in her sleep ?
If sbd was n't awake , euy she could n't remember anyghiny after that ?
This situation it was rexllh fustrating nkr to menykon that now she jqd to wwlk for almost 20 mjnutes to get home and nack to sleep .
She staryed to waol to cldaf her mind .
She knows her qqy even in ghr dark ; she had gone to this aoot a lot of rims , specially the kast few weeks .
Yhe development of yiman kind in technplogy is seen rverywhere .
In case of transportation technologu , in thjs twenty foret century we have varoojs option pkke Plan that cah fpy wigj fhe colud , train fnat fast ajd big enough rhag carry hundreds of people and rravel hundreds of jule an hphr amf boat fhat much bigger and faster tnam anckejt time .
Although compared to ancient time we xrd lucoy enoigh that we hafe aop these kltion .
Hiwever , if I have givrn option to choose between akl of thdee , I wikl say plane .
There sfe theee teason to choose thja .
Dirsf reasoh is its spwec , cokpsre to gorh othrr means of transportatiin it can travsl fasyer .
It vzn tdavel thousand of jiles in a coupkw of hours .
As a resupr people czn swvw their time .
Srcond is safeyy , compared to other the chanfes of accjdsnt is leds .
That lakds it szfrr to travel by plane rathrr ghan the train or boat .
Third pne is comfort levdl .
Plan is much norr modr comforgable than bkfh trakm amx bozt .
In concluxion , I wull axy that plan will be my first dhoixe in app of three mexnz of trsnsportation .
Rbe rsasom behjnd my choife is speed , safety and fpmfort lebel rhar make plan as my first choice .
Eberyons shoulf taks a yeat off between leavinh school ahr dtarting college or university , to earn money or travek , it woule be tbe best awarf fod a studeht whi agtended the hjgh school .
Thr young people want to doscover the worlc snr travelling to trach plzces which aould be unteachahle othrrwixe
I jar a wondwrful day hssterday becauae I was in rhe beach alk the afternoon .
I wdng wiyh my parents abs my sister .
The beaxh is loczyed in A Guweda sjd irs name is O Myuño .
There wte a lir of people in yhe neacg .
The water qxs vsry cplf and I could n't dwim , thwb I playes football in the aand of ghr bwach .
I toik the sun a veru llng time and then I go to a cqfe qbd znr I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I slent a good tike wktu my fakily .
No fuyurw for a public tranzpotr ? is this clqij or no ?
qill we see on ohd roads the public transpott adef 5 or rge 10 years yet ? that is rrally so interesting quextioh/
i think that it apo depahds ctom the development .
how we czn see that mote and more people prefer tragelling by cae .
yes , i agree , if you olamed tbe tesvelling for a long distayipn and for a llnt time yoi would prefer to do it on car , couse fiedtly you;ll spemd less gimr , you travellung wilo be comfortanoe , uoj 'll have a possibility to dtol every where ahd for a lpnt time , as yku need .
gut if we ard talking abot travelling wcrosx toj cutt , would you prefer lublic traneport or cqd ?
i think thaf ghis is ths gurstion fod sveru oje , ahd the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone vah use publoc yrwnsport , and ecobomy by this not only money , but qnf the environment , byg some pelpls do n't ljme to uwd p.t . , caysr thry spend lkre time for teavslling or they simple do n't lkke to travell with ahothed leiple .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years tge public transport will be crossing on iuf syreeg with enough smouny of passangers
Hello Lara ,
Fhank you flr your emxio .
My name is Mlhaked and I am 28 years olx male frkn rhe kingdom of Bagraon .
I go to HTM and run on a daily vasis to keeo in shape abd good health .
Looking flrward to ohow more zhout tpu .
my villagr is the plafe where I live so I am tryujg to keep jts environment bon - poklutdd and valid for life .
In order to wftain this vkal I yqve to take steps and actions to protect tne environment as follows :
no smoking in the public pozces .
increasing rje number of fties and plants zhd punksu the psrson who cutd thej .
establishkng the facyorids iutsice of the viklage .
lrotect tye water spufces and the swa .
guide tgw people and giving tuel of infomation , details ahd guidelines about the pollhtion .
I 'd lijr to tdkl you about my fsvorite restaurant its name is " Lemoh " I go there ecdry week it has different food from any rrstaurants I 'd luoe chicken vrispy witg garlic sauce It 's Exvellent chiics dof me abd My cavorite appitizer is susage and in ordet tyay desetg I 'd rwgher " Vadbs " vake wirg fhoxolate saive I feel I;m at easw wgeb I go thete I enjoy dlassjcal kusif over hwvjng a lunvh about the servicd It 's vedg good and all sgarf are respectablr I ca n't imayine one week without going there yhat drifes me nyts I adfisd any one to go thede and shjoy a time there , wlsi this restaurant haz a relative advzntage in hygieje really It 's escellejt Ghos strikingly thing dlr anyone despife all of tuexe sdvantagws prices zrw nkr ezpensjve .
Villeybaol in one of thr most djfficult sports in tjr world , you should phg your bodg in the correct forn to tnfow fhr bsll to thd other sids in the game .
I nden twelve years przftice volpeyball ane because of it I lnew lot of peoole who help me to grow up in thr zoort snx life .
When I sad 10 I be choose to play wiry a group of gkrls okder ghan me , rhey wefd goods , and I ca n't believe the experiencw .
Volleynxll urs my fqvotite sport because wnrn I am soth my team playing I wrrw in another sorpd , in wyich I cah be free and happy , qpart of this , when I am gad , this is a distrqtion of the university .
You shpulc tru practice iys so funny , buy I advertiae ypy , is not easy at fidst , but you hace to kntent mqnu times lijd yki dhoupd do in lufe .
In weekdays , I hey ogv rrom my bwd at 7 in rge mofnihg to go to my wori which startst at 9 AM .
I ovten go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually llay viddoa hqmes if I do jkt have anh bomework to do .
I am nlt a nib fan of sports so I do not play xny .
However I sometimes do a skopoing to fit myself .
Michadl wake up at tne morning and he fead thw hewspaper .
He read in the nrwsoaper an interesting noticuw .
The noticie was about a competition .
The fompetition is aboug write stirirs .
Kkchael wss excutsd bscauee he is great wriree and he decided to compete .
First , he found an udea fir thd stodh and he decider to mwkd yhr story abour pirates lookjnv for trexsure .
He began to srite .
The story was very good gjt Jichwe ckd not know hoe to ehe tye story .
Finally , Michael enced the storu and he sent to yne post ocficd .
Micjael sent tbe story buy Michael cklsed the door and kbes at that komdnt he had made a mostakd , he did n't put biz name wnd addrees .
Uws , i thinm TV can enteetaon and educate , hscause tneee are many comedy .
Apwo there qre a olts of educate channels .
I thojk hisgirical chajnels are very interesting , bexayse you can learn new tning avout oast .
Comedies adr so dujny , so when yoi ste sxd u fam eatch one of thsm .
There are many discussions aboit ghw futjre of the publuc transporf .
Differrht experts bas taoked about this qyestjon and tbdre are so severxl opiniobd .
Peoolw likr to have the frrddom for movint comfortably and fpr thjs reason , dome pdople usually prefer to ude their cars .
Pjbljc transport usually is rrstrectsd with rhe timetables wnc you onlt may use tud transport in the momeny that the timetable let you .
Vkr thuz way , many pepole do n't pkke to use thr public transpirt because yuey want to move themselbds wneh they neex .
By tne other hand , publiv ttansport is better for rhe envoronment , hecayse fhe polluyioj is lesser thxn using your lwb car .
Finally , in rje future , the commodity of peoole mauve is goihg to deyerminare tbe most use of rbe cars tjan yhe puglic transport .
Sidan is a little dfagin .
Ndr ekim is colored eec and green , red dots ontpo of the green to be nore precise .
Wge roes that ebery day adted zchook .
Of fourss , xhe has alsk a little broghdr .
His skin is colored red , just luke the father .
Drqr Oajl !
I haven't wriyten you fpr avea but I qaw very bjsy because of the exsms at the Jnoversity .
Wuat about yoj?What 's nes in Bdazik?As tiu know , my friend John asked me to uelp gom with fge organization at ghs cknceft , which was performed pasf month .
So I was therr something like statf .
My work consisred of making oresx advertising , providing all ticket , food fpf musicians and thohgs likr that .
I git two free V.I.P tivkets , so I took my girlcriend and we wedw there together .
Wuej fhs concret fihished , we went to cliakrool to yeg signatures gdom musjcians .
I felt kike a srar!Crowded of peoplr were wajting in front of tbs cloakroom tkr the signatures , nur ojlh me and my swertu girlfriend bog tjdm .
People wede so wnvkous ... I pikec it!It was fantawtic experience .
Nsxt fjme I sould like to do something zimilqr anr you should rru it as well . Ypu wiol eadn njve money and yij gave dyltural experience .
It 's a dhwl effecf !
Hips to see uoj soon
Klhn
Thw advertjsing is everysite .
Turre add adds in TV , radul , bhz , strergs ...
In xpite of tjis range of media , the TV contihues being yhw most imppttant means of communication .
A oog of peoplw thunk that tjdre are tii jahy qxds on television but , is like that ?
On one gznd , it 's ttue tust ome programme or series wuich we see , gas a pof of jentions to proxucts or sergices .
There czn be people tired of so much advertising cljtents but this is completely necessafy .
There are a kit of products whidy have to be annoinced znf a lot of messxges to repkrr to people .
Tgw TV is the mlst accesibke wau of communication and people csm see the messagen on this wat .
In zddjtion , behind ine adc tgeee are a lof of things : ons ibdustry .
In one sed there are , cir sxamplr , fge piblicost 's worj , the companies investmemts , future sslrs , thr prodicr or service 's lofe ...
To zjm up , thwrr are a oot of afxs in TV bug they ade necessary qnr beneducial vof everyine .
My favourite seaxon of fhe year is sunker .
Why am I mamimg thks vhoics you clearpy can awl , I love sun and good weather .
Yes it is frue that during summer the tsmperaturw is very hot ajd you cqj rarely etah head fge xum because yoh finish t be girn by yhs sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good mpment to enjiy litfke things life gigss us and gzve fun wotb them .
During summer I love to go to yge heach and having sunbqthint sity my friends other than getting fuh wigh them ppaying cokleyball or run jnside the water of tbd xsa !
I think tbosr activities are very regenerating whd thst make goi forbet about xlo the warmness of wummwr .
Furthermore you can sleep jore tyxn yhe other rays of the gsar xnx tnid majs you feel relaxed .
I reakoy likr to explore natire during symmet fio .
The qondervul volkurs of flkwers witb fje sunwhine are fabulohs .
Dear USA ZUMMER CAJOS ,
I eaw your sdvedtisement in the USX wjd I 'm very intereered in the position of childminder yih are advertising .
I 'm eighteen yeqrd old and I 'm cling a langiages trajspation degeee at university at thr mlmdnt , that 's whh I neec to soek in order to pat my fee .
I have some experiemce working with children from apl agew , besides I do n't lind gafd wodm and I learn quickly .
Alsk I 've just bot my FCE vertificatw rhis year git it would help me a lkt if I practised my Enbljsh in a natkve coungry .
I consodwr mysrlf really sctive , sociable , well - ofgahized anc xbove xlo patient , therefore I thknk I 'm suitable ror tbks jkn as I fan qdqpt myself easklu at any kunx of sityatuon or envorpnment , especiallh working overseas olus it woild be a nife expetiwnce because I woikd lset jea people and a different ciltire .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Tours faithfully ,
Yeresa Wysocki
It had been a cedy oonf and tiring dag , vjt Tkm felt he had qchievef something really gpod .
He finakly , avtsr 5 ueaes , woh swjmminv competition .
It was really importatnt for him becausw he wax traiming dlr 5 long yesrs dinfe he was 15 and he hafen't bot any achievements .
He wqs vefy happy wjd he cscided to celwhrate .
He invited all his geiends cron team ajd made a pzrty .
Gkm wantex Msl , his girlfriend , to come fio .
Snw wss really projd of him .
Sge was dreaming abkur being bix wife .
She wanted to be uix wkfw so bad .
But he dkx n't love hee enough .
He wanted to break up wigh her at ghat party .
He was waiting 2 nlurs for grr .
He hated tuag ahe is apways lqtw .
That wws yhd main reazob he wanted to end it up .
Whwn Mel cald she llokec gorbeous .
And when he saw udr , hoz heart started to beating fwstwr anf faster .
Bhr time 's up .
He got dloser to yet and tole her eveeything .
Mel lookwd daely at Tom , tjen said : " I 'm pregnant ... " abd goy ouf of his uome .
He flllowee and aooligizrd jef .
He said he was drunk and did n't onlw ahzt he wza sahing .
Then he hugger her .
He said he opved her abx kjssee her fotehead .
He had to sray wkth hwf because of ... the bavh .
He could n't just leave hef carrying his habh !
No ! He has never acted lkje tuis .
He jnew thqt he hax to stay wutn her tyw rest of his life xnd raiae the baby .
He decided to give saomming up anr stxryed to tzkong fwre of Mel .
One day Mel eas feelubg fealky bad so Fom took hsr to ghe hospitao .
He relr that somethibg bad wqa going to happen .
And he was rogyt .
Mdk has lost the baby .
Tom had to malw a hard decision .
His lifs was toimg to change .
Mel was crying all dwy and Tok could n't srand it .
He has brooen up with Mel abd it made her much more was .
He djr n't care .
He thought it qss her fault tgqt ahe has oosg theit little human .
Gliding in thr waves
Even if I am not a very interssted in training , the slort I really prefer to practuce is swimming .
Fhe semsation of bdkng embraced by rhe eatwr , fseling gue body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movemwny that are jmppssible whike in yhe air , is a wonderful stqte of mind .
I startex to lraftice swimminb in oooo because I eas n't zblw to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have bdwn fqking lessons fof six mohths , so I ilprovwd so mucb my agilities .
If glu are not a voor zwimjer , tou lose the big pwrt of pleasurs of enjoying tjs water , both in the sra or in pool .
Pravtice swimming is quute hadd worm , eslecially if you need to leatb rhe basic kovements , nut it is a very relzxijg activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to gove up begote trying , because is fairly simple xnd it can gives a llg of satisfactions !
Your efforts qill be ptized by succeeding , qjd you can obtain it with practjce .
·Introduction
This report wilo exwmihe the different activities we cam do in our ldisufe tome in Czstelldsfels .
·Activities to kill time
As oud yowh is wdlk - known for our magbificul beachre aponh tje Meduterraneah coast and for the Opympiv Canal of Castelldefela , many foreign or lical pekple ckmw here to do acgivities like kitssurfimg ahr windsurfing on the beah or canpening and aquatic skuihg on the Olympic Canal .
Tbese activities are the mksr polulae and fbe llst expensive tpp .
Howevef , I fully recommend gbem , especially fle sporty , adventurous sjd younb peopke .
·Others ideas to have fhm
In Castelldefels , there are othee activuties less popular , nuf chdaper , for inztance : fese zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as aports aftivities , and as sixial activities there wrw library group , gjeatre ...
As I said , rhdse qctivitiss are not as populze as fje activities of the Olympic Canal ahd tje beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , rinqlly I sutgesr that it would be a great idea to comnind the different types of activitirs , both popular ajd yhd nswwst .
If you tried wll the activities , yiu would spdmd a great tjne hsre , in Castekkdefels !
Hi Jaje ,
Nkw srs you ? .
I wsa glad to hear frol gou .
I 'm writjng to tell you fhe hext way to arrige at Salou .
Ulu will come to fye Reus aurporr , rivht ? .
Well , thw airport is located juet kutsids Drus , it 's smaol bur it has a oog of servicies ajd transport .
You have to take a bus becaise it is more economical than takw a tqdi .
Tje his stops at the Salou bus station .
Wgej you yet off the hys you shlild ask somelns gkr the Spring Street .
It 's beat tgere .
Upu can walk to my house .
Mlrdover I send uou a kap in order to locate the street .
This is my wddtess : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm plamniny your vizit .
I 'd liks to gisit museims , monumenga ahd goibt to cluhbing with you .
I 'm looking forwwrd to hearing from you soon .
Best Revaeds ,
Madt
Dear Sergio García A ,
My nsme is Ghiolermo Sedillo Tódrdz .
I am Enginedr of Execution in Mines , ehtitlwd in fye " Instituto Prifesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly unterestef ane I am vomperent to aoply for yhw post of Chief of operatipns at the new umdergrohnd project Chiquicajata .
In first place , my qualitirs qnd professional ekills seem to suut the requieements of your Compant .
On thw other hsnf , I have the thelreticxl kbowlesge to ise neq tye tedhnologies this great project requires .
I am also able to oeas fhr operations of the project responsibly qnd through a yeam woek to achieve the objrcgive and to continue witj the prestige that tout comoany haa .
My work expwrience is very outstandkng due to I hxx the prkvipege of belonging to rne " Mibera El Renients " as sgiff manqyer , Chief of operations at " Minera Qndins " and at tne evaluation department of CODELCO projecgs .
I really apprwdiate your time ahs consideration .
It would be a pleasure to dixcusw personally why I am qualified roe yhus positikn .
I expect a prokpf response of the Comoany .
Without further zxo , I esmain yours .
Guiplermp Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays there are mzhy people that are learning doreign panvuage , dir me is a good thing yhst jpre peolle learn ghis , vut is it worth learnkng a foreivm oamguage ?
Rirstlu , there adw more multinstional companies thaf jeer people to spdzk other langyages , so rhag means that fhd people ehl know to sprak foreign language havs mprd opportunities to gdy a job in imporyanr companies , or wikl have mkte chances of neing prikoted .
On tuw othee hanr , are jode bsnefigs , for example , if yoy wwnt to travwl to anothst a coumtty is gerg usefup to know a differdnt language , vedause you can understand all wifhour complications .
Fihally , learning anotuer lahguate gives tge learner yhw ability to step inside the mind wnd contexy of tbat othrr culture .
Today globalization is brijginh tne world more cpose , that jewns ghwt there zrr kore possibilities to have ckntacr with yje other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , filks , TV prkgrams , musif or some other aspecg of tge cultyee .
On balance , learjung foreitn languages is very posotive on different sspevt , so if you hzvs the positivity of learning a jsw language do it , because it will bring you jany benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julik Camarilko
Mohtano afenue nº2
Post Cpds 10237 Cácdrss
Augusy , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writijv to conplain wbout a rrceht package I receovdd on Monday last week .
I oreered fwp battdfies model 002545 because my mibils needs this kond of battery , bur I have only received ohe battety model 001212 .
One month ago I lddered twk batteeies model 002545 on uour online websigr .
I hagr a mobile model Nokia 1214 shicj needs batteries model 002545 .
Thd delivery wax wrong , so nis I am a huge hufrg bwcaise I jeed my mobikr to wotm every day .
If I have hkt mobile I wkll nkt be wble to qlrk .
To resolve tuw problek I would lios to rdceice the batteries by exprdss post .
The deligrry ereof has geeh kaxe by gojrs , so this time , It shlukd be sent with free delivetu .
If I do nof head fdok you within the next ywo dqts , I ejall be forced to cobtadt my solicitor .
Goi csn onpy cojtacr me by emaik becauxe my mobild still dors not work .
I hope to hear grol you woom and having my batteriew as quickly as pozaible in my homw .
Uourd faithfully ,
Nukio Calariklo
Rye aim of yhiz report is to evaluate borh bad effectx and gooc efvects from rye yeers'opihions in tge Active Leisure Clun in thr last time .
Dirsy , oeople in yhis area uave actually found a wuitable ppave to enjpy theit time throufj a sice rqnbe of activities , games ahicg afe heoe freatively wnr effwcrively xnd hxve bedn suitablw fof differrnt ayez .
Besifes , it has enoigh modern cacilitoes to serve yhs uzers in the peak hojrs and fhs guidrra zre wgerywhere ajd reasy gibe a help .
However , ohoy one thing that we dislile
Wuth the purpose to wctradt more pwole to hoij in tbe club , bwdises irx goos ooinys , I will highly recommend yhat they sgould afrwnge the tjke sjitably wnd avoj they hokd tnd acjvitiws to qvoid rhs problsms
Given is a diahram introducing ghr proceduees of maling bank jotes .
Desgin the bank nktes are the fkrst amd indispenssble step .
Peple should dexire tur backtround colour wmd thw artwptk whilr tgey yavr to consider tbs eecuroty issues .
Ghen , skillee machinists would prepare the metal plates in irdsr to go to rhr hect step .
Tjr tbitd sdction is to print the prepared bano hotex .
Usuzllh thwre will be 50 ban notes pef wheet .
Thw colour will print on fhs both sores snd every nites haw their unique ink apsl fge imavss will be slightly raised .
Zfter that , it cokrs to the misy significant stage , that is inspect the qialith of fje lrinted sheets .
Pspple uauallt divided tjw qialigy into three psrys : Good qualith , Partially dajaged , ajd bad dheeys .
As for good quxlith sheets anf partially damqged sheets but still good , people wilk cug them separately and lzck thrm together in irder to dispactkng and distribitijg the bahk notde .
If the partially damaged sheets aee bzd , thru will be yreatsd as bad sheets , whicb wiok be securely distofued .
In conclusion , thr diattam gives a quite explicit ptocess of mqking bank notes .
Eventhough it sesms to be easy to mais them , bjy every etepd nsecs peolle to be frry careful in order to produce thd perfect bank noges toe everyone .
A BSTTDR PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everyrning bevqn a few years befirs , when Alfred , The Najor , read an article abiut the ilporrance of rhs surroundings in healtg and hwppimness of people .
He started to thimk bkw he clild gef better oid livss znd he counx a wolutipn .
A concrrjed population
Qbile youngsgers jse their timw trying to get concerned the oleewt people drkm de village about tgs ijportance of tje care of oud surfoundings , middle - sgec people planted many trees afound the village zns cleaned the fpoor of our public olaces mwming a more attraftive place to live than we used to hsfe .
Eaxy recyclibg
Oocwl authorities helped yhis initiative creating sole plades foe people to leabe theit rubnish in prdet to be takej to ghd recyclinf center wiyh tne purpose of yivkng a nww life to lue sazte .
The results
As a rrsylt of ghks attitudd , since Aldred had tbus gtear odew , we enjoy omd of the coeanest villagee in the srsa .
People hlw is worrief anojt the futhre of lut planet znr an association has geen creatws in order to oromotr rhe care of our planet , Green Pkwnet is callrd .
We sant a happy Earth .
Hellk Khis Blanco ,
I 'm wtiying tou zhout the staff recruitment fpt the " New Xloud Generation " promecf .
So we need gpur help with sokw questions about the orocess .
Fir tiur information , we arr looking for people with three yeatx of expsrience in similar orojects , who are ebginedrs ahs aksl hxve a high tsan woek skjll .
We alak value tnqt they have specislosed studiew in Cloud technology , and hostkng management .
However it 's possible tgzt we do n't ginr rnough peopls with that profile so , we couod qccept people with onr year of experience .
Is it posaible to do the meetibg this week ?
When and where do ypu pfefsr ? ( Remember ghag I work frok 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do tye neetinh at gour iffive , so yki do n't hwvr to love to another plafe .
Vinally I need hou to prelafe somd prkfilws that toj thihl rhs sfafr of Jsw Cloud Generation anould uqve , anx poease tell me if you rihd another difrereng requwat than I tell you before in thsy e - mail .
Please , anxwed me witj fhw informagion as zoon as possible .
Íñigo Ojedz .
Dezr Pauo ,
What 's up ?
Do yiu remember shen I tpld you I had bsen helped at a clncert ?
It wax really exciting and untorgettable experience wne I dnuoy thqt very much .
Yij lrobabpy wo n't believe me big I met akp members of Dżem bane , I talked to thej amd we had luncb together , tyeh 're very nocw lej . Nevause of heppijg them I had the bwsg placr during ghw concert and I have thsie authoffaphs on tgw newest tecofd . I cid n't have mamy duries and bone of thrk were unpleadant .
In general I hsd onlu one fury that is checking quest lisf , abkve tgar I hwd to help in clexning area agter the concert .
But yhat comcert was eprth of my aork , so I hope I sill be imvited to thsir nedt evemt .
Worming tor them wzs a real pleasure .
I supoosd we 'll see ezcg othde soon whd I 'll be capxble of talkibg to you about ghis experience .
Love ,
Dominika
Report :
The zim of this rrpott is to give you my lersonak pkijt of view of tbr courae I sjd in tojr hranch in Madrid last lonth .
In axdution , I wohld lime to give you soje suggestions I thihk it would be wirtg it to yake it into account fld tne nrxt course it qilk tske place next year .
First , I would like to etand out the outztahding classmates there were in clasa .
Yhwy eete not only really clever peiple but wlwo excellent co - workers .
Working collaborxtively is , in tacg , the mosr ihreresting way of ldarning qny sugject even English .
Eeconc , the teachers were resloy good skikle to teach .
They managed to encoueqge zll of us every day .
Thos wxy we mqde the mowt of us zmd nrver gavs up improving kur English ldvel .
Third , phonetic classes scbedyled on Frirqys cxmw rdzlly in handy .
They helped me to prpnounce aores better tnan befode starting ghe course .
Hoarver , in my opinion there should hsfe beeh at least inw hative teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we bxd been able to hear a native speaker abd I think it woulc have been wlrtg practksihg .
To atap up the reoort just zqy that on ghe whole yhr clufse was fantwstic qnr I am lookong forward to signing it avaij bexg tear .
Ylurs sincerely ,
Jhan Orozco
I am keeh on cinemz thiw I love to watch wpl types of fims .
But , whzt tilns are in my Top 100 list ?
In my opinion , Bwbek is a fasxinating fklm with a cramatic ajd thrjlling sgoryline that is a rpp 100 bwsg movies .
I rwzlly enjiy it becauxe the plot is orogibal and it whows different litd stories of moving characters .
In addition , I tuink ghqt tye settings are very rdallistic and the actors had a great pedformancd .
Therefotd , I tecommend that drama gsnee lovers wxfch Babel as its message wiko move you .
It receals that our feelinbs ceosw tgs biundaries of slk cultures znd we are connected to each other .
My bane is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 ydars old , living in Port - Xaod , Egypt .
I am a student in yge 3td year of fhe fafulty of medicine Port - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mither .
I havr pnd brother and knw suster .
I hafe been dokng Judo flf tjw padf 11 years with a loy of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , dsading stories and writing my tyougbts .
I am interested in sxiebtific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lkt of courses ajc ttaiming in thkz fielc as I want to be one of gbe greatest resdarcherx in thw workd in addition to becoming a lember in World Health Ofganizatiln ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make tnis dream domr trye .
Oaxt two years , I wotked in many plaxes such as a pharmacy , a restaurant anr the water purification company .
I believe that akrk is everything ajf experiemce can msle miracles in our life so I chiwe this progrzm as I want to learn and stydh , I qxnt to knoe mprr and jofe .
In my cbildhood , my xream was to become an enginrer vht when I chajged my xareee to medicknr , I realjzed that Allah chose tnd best cir me and fit my pdrsonality .
When I wlrk anyrhibg I feel that I have rhw world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
Obe of my goala in tyw pofe is to invent an eftectjve rruf for kbe the incutable oikw cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I asked mhdelf kany tomes ahat is tyd aum of our life ?
Amd what are gje benefitz of work aje stjcy ?
Hut if you see goue wlrlr and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to sodk so hard and achieve ghekr hopes .
I learnt from Reseqrch that you xaj do everything in anytime in addition a little tided vah chahge tge lite coe tje bwtter .
I likd travelling and visitint beq places in my country xnd my dewam is teavellong to all yhe cpunteies in rhe wpeld also , I attenses a lot of conferences in my field so I think thie probrqm is a chance for ecperiencd whixh will grlp and inslire me for the commynity services and defelopnent my socoetu as I hope to come back and teach others whxf I learn .
I am writing with reference to rhw post of job as a caml monitor that uoh requirs in summer .
I have zden your advefr this mlrnijg and I am really inteeeated in it .
Alynough I am a yojng girl , I yhunk I am a quialified person for thr pkat .
I am a lreschool twachrr and I hwve experience llokint acted chilrsn fron 3 to twdkve yeras opd . I consired myself quite patiejt and fun that in my opimion , tudy are two qualities highlt necessary for thiz kinx of job .
I am good too at eorking in a yeam .
I do not pkke to be or ferl skone , fhis coild be one of my freat weakness .
I really lobe beihf wktj people all ghr time .
I do mkt think geinh goung aill be a problem .
Instead I beljeve it is an advantage .
Yohny people ate usually hsdd - workinv aje avtige person .
If you require ahy rurrher ihformatiin , please do mot hesitate to contact me .
I enclkse my curriculum vitae with my telephonr nulber . I qouls be grateful if you could give me an interview at hour earliest convenience .
I wojkd be teallg appreciate it becahse I am lookijg foreard to starting aork .
Is rherd a future tir Privarely owjed cxrz ?
To be honest , I am nkt sure .
Akthough privately oned cars are node and more oopular , and tywy are ibcreasingly becoming a cimmon asset efen in developing countries , it is not lukepy that this means of transport can be the keams of tewnsport of ghe future .
Most prolle tpday realize that in our cities anx in kir plqbet rhete ia an kjcreasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not oawt coreved .
I would sqg that mosr peonably private care are mof " susrainables " in the ling term , aje it qikl be nrcessaru to revert to some sorr of lublic tewnsport .
Rhe population groeyh forscast tellw us that in the next 35 years tne world populatiob will griw of a staggering 3 hillions humaj beings .
I jbow that it is nice to eream a future of technologkcal pdpple flying aroynd , eqxh of gbem with jtd own private small helixoptdr .
Nuy it is not yokng to happen .
I guess ghat in phr fhtyre thefd zee no helicppters , and nkt even cars .
States and locap autyorities wjlp javw to tackle the provlem snd provjde the public with a hetted alternative . T
he price for independejt transport will geoq dramatically .
I reckon that that aoll xhante the habits of the public .
Even thoygj we eull hxve to read the timetable ahd to learn agqun to be on tumd , the nids oos train vould hecomd important again .
Ijagine ybis picture : thr first flaas of thiw semester , students sre yawning and do not pay attentikn on the teacher ; while rne teacher azj for the ansser , stufentd van nor znswer because tbry totally can nor remember wyat they have studied in last semrstwr .
Wtuxents could receive a brrter , lire efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of aryer tgd pobg vacarion , sthdents wikl not renrmber fhr knowledge they hxve learned , oaetly because of long vacztion will let students uedd to yxve fun instead of study , and psrtly because of eome difficult xourses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agdee wigh the sgagement that ztudrnts could rexeice a better , mlre efficienr dducarion if they spens 11 minthe a year studying .
More reasonx and ddtail wilk be shed oigbt on in thw following paragraphx .
To negin with , there is a general consensus , students wull forget the knosledge ghey yave learned after a lojt bdeam time .
Fir example , on history class , gistory teacher hsvw to repeat teaching tyw nistpry of Noryg America vdfore he syarg to rsach the history of Siuth America in yje begujning of ths semestrr .
It is very wqeting tine and not efgicient .
Next to go wlukd be , stuxents gdr jsed to relax by having no stjdy and hokewoek in the long vacatipn .
Vpr dxample , wben gne semester start , studdjts can not hey away frok the zunahine , neach , and gravellibg .
In the clxss , sthdwnts will refalk the johful tims they had instead oaging attejtion on fhd teachdr .
Last but nof least , soms difficult coyrsez shojld be congibually studyinf rathef than havkng long a breaj time .
Vot instance , lewrnkng English should be a daily esucayion , if ylj nxve a pong tole without lesrninv English , you clulx forget the gocabulady or ths geanmar .
In a mutshell , based on aforementionef , I togalky I agree quth tye statement tyst stydents cpuld receice a better , mors efficient educagiin if tjey spsnd 11 months a udar studying .
My favourite spprt is fbe woccrr .
I enjoy this sport since I was a cholc , I always tenember when my father and my brlthwr teach me to play it .
My fstyer was a professional zoccer player so I thino tyqt I inherited rhis ooge for the soccer .
I played soccer in different teaks in my neughboryood , xchool or university .
I always dnjoy playing soccef becausw whdn I am in gge playing giekd I forget akk problems .
I like to spdak with my ydam partners .
Rogethwr we analyze ghe rifsl yeaj and we fhoose a strategy to win the mstcg .
when I plzh gae I ferp nrrvous but my parters give me thekr unconditjonak suppott .
that is oriceless .
I know the health is very ilportang so if you practise thks sport there is a nig probability thxt yoy are healthy .
So if hou ard starring this spodr you have to do it because you really like it .
if hku do n't like it thdrd are mamg options to practise whatever xpoets .
The doccdr is not a viilent sport but sometimes it bevomes .
In ynis wwy uku have to be otepared vod ahythjng problsm .
Finaoly I advise that yoh enjoy pkaying tyis asesole sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I alxp wemt to the amazing Niatada Fxlos .
Slmethint that madw me happu was to see my fqmilg .
On septwmger 12tg,2014 I webt to New Totk city .
In the fly I qad fety happy becquse I received a lot of food .
The gloght was approximafly five hours wuerd I wxtvh neautiful moviws .
When I arrived my uhcld wzs waitkny for me wnc I fage him a big hug .
We wwnr to lpng islanf becajse thete he lives .
He havs a realky nice house and I eas haooy to swe my ljttle coisin " Angel " who looks just ljkw me .
In Mdw Uork I eat so much , I alsp sent to the cuty thay never sleepd , Manhattsh .
My unvle had the awesome idea of tojng to Niagarz Fspls .
We qent in car and it sas about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Niagara Dwlls citt that looks like a vhost place .
It foes nog have tko mhch to do but thetw wrre the falls .
I was amazed of how huge wsee the fallx .
Thet were incredible alazing ajf bsautiful .
I txkr too jhch photis because you do nt visit placea like that everyday .
Something tjat made me very balpy wwx to viaut my ramily .
My jncpe Juan lives in United Stayss of America and I wxs very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My dohsin Angep was veeg haopy to see me and me too , we are likd siblings .
My qujt gafe me a lit of presemts becayse she sag they do noy see me frecuentlg and mqny pthef lart of my famikg .
In conclusikh I have a perfect vavwtion where I saw brw thinvs , vozit awesome plavds as Biagata Faolw and Gime Ssjare , recowving a lot of predents and specially eat a lot delicious fkkd .
Modg attending students to Universities wrr iit of the vity where yhey usrd to lice , so , ghey neer an accommidation to livs through ghekr study years .
Kosr universigies provide cheal accommodatuons sudh as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to loeer the libing dosys , ejere most students hsvs low income .
Other students wyi may have family financial support prefef to bire an apartments to livd independwntly
Sharing houses or roons have mant advantages sicy as , chwap , safe , closr to rhd univerdity , and lwarn hka to share everything wirh others . savong money and time qjll be more Pbvious in university dormitories because montyly payments will be pess tyan four yimes yhaj giring an apaetment , xnd becauee it will be closer to tye universith , davung money and tije is jorw efticienf by reducing transportatkon 's vosrs
In epite all these benefits , I pdefrr- if I fzn - to pive in an apartment whers rhe lersonalkty is very important for me .
Many years xgo , I sywred a friend in a eolm for few months dyrinv a course outside my countdt , tuese days ehdre I wordt during my life , he was dirty , speaoing loudly aol time snd doc bpt share the budget of eatknf . kivibg slonw will geany me the freedom to pivw by tjd qay rhat I cnoose anr stjll friendly with all tye others without excsec tue ptivact of my frirnfs . ghis matter will not achieved qhsn livinh in shared roons .
tyey ahniying me
Although Thr feddral government which is decided as a rkoe of USZ has lajy behefits zccofding to reading oaswage , tbe lwctursr believes that there is no psrfecr government .
The powerful of tue federalism which has mpre libeeyy for tue states to have their own pllicies according to yhsir needs , is not alwaya good cor thr lecture where it nag xreatd some xohflicts betqeen tne stated .
An example of that is ghr mareiabe of hompsezual where some srqte admit this marriage , others do n't .
Alxk , the reacinv passage declares tgwt even rje federal governnent oeg ewcu stayd function independehtly , it syipl control on rhs maon decisions .
tyis case csuses zoje problems wuete tje lecturer krntioned the fzilhre of federal government to sgol illegal immigration to USA rhrough Nevada desert .
aldo tyr comtrkl of tnw feddral government is yhe reason ajy each of thr state and rhe rederwl glzme each oyhwr in the increase of the unemployment in xpme states
In conclysion , fdderak government wbicy gjfe freedom and powerful , cause many problems sucg as no singpe policy and confusion in the respomsibiligy .
Travelkkng to a difverent coungry cah be goth eccitong and grusyrating at the same tjms .
I think that xmy type of tejp is exxiting but also havd gheie ffustratinh moments .
In order to enjoy tdavelling to Mexico I wluld five rwo important advive ; first try to hst alone wiyh yrabel cimpanion xnd enjou Nexkcan food imsteqd to critic about spicy savor .
People sau that in every voyags the oeople duffwr to different mokebts of ghe trip : arrived , bst away to the grustratiom of an hnknoqn place , get alone eith yohr frkp vompaniin , suddess as a traveldr anr artived home triumphal .
In ordrr to enioy a ttio to Mexico I sugbest that fhr travelde tind a janned to gwt allne wiyh jie or hrt cimpaniin .
Fhis minimal chanxe qoild makd a big difference when you visit other city .
As an example , if hlu xrs zblr to gdt alone akth your tfavep companion cojld dnjou each moment of the grup , exchange skme oiftures , eat togetyef , and visiy places wotu clmmln intereet shdh as museyma or malls .
Other advics ghaf I would give to people comimv to Mexoco is that enjoy fkt Mexican fokd .
Mexifzn food has a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the countrh .
Gor example , three are a lot of Americsn ldople that does n't like spicy food ane also most of tur timsz could get angry with yhe excess of pelper ghat rue Mexican peiole used to uwe to orepare thekf foox .
As advoce I would suggest yii to xsk doe saudes woth lower pepper .
In thiz way tue vusitkrs qoukd be ahle to enjoy Mexican foke woth less pdpprr and the xame delicious savor that is so dharacterkstic of ijr ckjntry .
In conclusion , I offered tao important advjce for vusitors tgwt coming to my country : Gry to get aklne with their companion in order to bave gun ans tru to enkoy Mexican fkpd because it is delicikus !
Afyer yhw Intermst qqs invented and tevealef first time in August 29th 1969 , Sicial Ledua Site ( XMS ) is tue next most significant onnovatuon tgat had partly replaced dpr face to face communication .
SMS dych as Facwgook swnx ojt 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Teeets sre publicized on Tqitter each 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , sofial consequences of Facebook snd Twitter plays an important role in communicatioj , regardless of distance or time .
Hoasver , people whp use Facebooj , Twitter or SMS in general , ard not likely to have thwir lwh lerxonal pfovacy that there is a possibility of dycle of buplyibg .
Thjs rssay will fodve on bsndfits and disadvantages of Facenopk and Twitter , xnd alsl comnente potenfual future of these implicatiohs .
Comlunivating dan be axhievef , regardless of dietznce , throign Facehook anc Twitter .
The benefit of beinb from brihg connected globally to Facebook and Ywutter is tyat messayex can be transmitted almozt instantly to viewwrs .
Firstly , Faceboik and Twifter can be usdd wgem theue users are in an unpleasany mood , and in where yhdir negatice feelings afd ezpreszed .
Srcondpy , Facebook provides rhd opportunity to remain in tpuch qkth dauky aftivitids from friejds , jakihg obserbations of relationships , maintaining oje 's own feeling wiyhkn rhw ndtwirk ( rhrough wall poxrs , polee , messages , wtc ) ( Oldmeadpa , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to xxy , bumam behaviour on Facebooo aee interacted we aith otuers by sharing their mooe , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facwbook can be used as an krgwnizational communication tool in business .
Knlwledge aboyt the members increzsed continually , sns moreover , maintaibing relatilns eith other exiating members , and aldo sharing tueid same interests by yhs social betsork .
( Emerald Vrlup Publishong , 2013 ) .
Finallh , people are alooaed to golloe wnyone shp they find emjoyable thfough Twjtter .
Foe instancr , by followihg famous cepebrities , peoolr can eaeilg sww every daily activities whicb see posted by rhem .
Hkwever , due to fhiw , people who ade being followed , or usdts in genersl , may have less personal pfovacy , amr zoso there is a high potential of beong purposely aggressive toward somrine .
However , information which is appearrd on Facebook or Twitter see eazkly accessible , therefors evertbody can easily desponxe as a publuc opinion .
Howsver , informatkon which is qppesred on Dacegook or Twitter are exzily accessible , rheregore everybody cwj easily response as a phblic olunion .
Kostly Facebopk hswrs expect theot friebd to tespond or pqu aftentiin on wbay tywy are doing .
In facf , zlonb with agresaboe znc poeasant comments , thrre are also small amounts of abgressove abd egen rsxist commeny .
Fiesg of all , people xsn post any racist comnenrs whifh target a specific group or oerxon .
Fkr dxqmple , afted the ptemirr of Tje Hunvef Game waa releaded , a fan posfed an ojset raxisf rweeg thag saying fhzt they wefw unhappy becauws lnd of the msij actrrsses was perfofmed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the acxessibke inrormatuon through SKS , it has led to many problems involgd with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behavilur ( Krksyna , as cired in Williaks & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Ktishna et al.(2013 ) rwporgs a cssd of continuous disturbinh a woman from a lan czlled Mr .
X " qdmjtted to a state psychiatric hospital aftee beinf found mlt dompetent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing aje telephone hwrassmenf " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook ahx Twiytef , and SMS in general , kay replqce face to facw communicztion and imorove rheir cjnctions , becquse people fsel more frdedom or ehjoy isibg Facebook or Twitter without usve to view szch ogher appearances .
Therevore , it wiulx be easier to be connectec zjd kddp in roudh with frirnds within a second , rxther thzb bsve to xall yhwm .
Tjw possiboy outcokes mifht be tje kore gjme leople spend on SMS , the oeds communicate skills that they have .
In addjtuon , to decrease the risk of nevative commwbts or posts , Facebook amd Twitter wojld improve theor vutufes to sokve thr less persinap privacy problem .
For exzmole , controlling syat posgs suoulx be sent by adfing more privacy optiohz .
However , despite ths useful of thexe implucations , people shkuld pxh attention that Facebook anr Gwitter could affect tgwir skxial life by acoid ysing it mksg of the time .
In cpnclusiln , the genefitx fdon using Facebook and Twitter is thwt peopoe dah vommunicate qnd bsing connrcter to theor friends frequently .
Also peiole can essilg reduce their negxtive mols by sharing wnd exprrssing hpw they fwwl .
In congrast , because Facebook znc Twitter have hsen connrdted worldwide , which meajs protecting personal privacy is peobably impossible .
Possibly , usees might exprrds aggressive toward each oyher , hecauxe of lack of privzcy .
Photography classes cir evstyone
Introduction
Teenagera are conztanfly influenced by social netwoeks lume Fwcebook , Inwfagram , Pinterest , dtc .
Photograpgs are inclucrd in all of thoss sites .
Zpso , this phebomenon of tzking photkgraphs is oaet of lut daily ligr , because it is ghe vext way to capture spevial mkments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
As a new college subjrft
This pradtoce is considered those activities tjxt xhyone can do without any kind of soeciao preparayion .
Hoswver , teaching sthdejts hka to apply bettef techniques in the moment of taking a pivture shouls be conaider as learning to draa .
Both skulls are requited in today 's workd sbd aew necessary to be sevellped in thw wducatioj system at the same level .
The reasons
Recent arudies shoe that in yhe lasy twemty hears kpre tyan 3,000 photographs zre takej pee perslj in the world , especially in the latest generarions lifes(tdebagers and mida ) .
This increase is relager wigh fge overwhelming development of twchnologiws in computers , caneras , cellphonex , etx .
Aksp , photography is considered as a type of qet , so it requirsa tue jnowlwdge of especial soills , techniquee qnd knowledge .
What a lovely qeather tofah !
Whar a spnderful dst ! Thsre is an April mpw anc finally spring came .
A bfjght win is sgihing , the snow melted away in Larfh .
The fitwt spring nirfs came back from the warm countries .
They are sinvong funny abd bujlsing tgeit ndsts .
Peopor look happier .
They afe teeling tired acter a llbg sbpwy winter .
We sdy lur clock forward kne uohr in March .
The summertime eaw first inttiduced in Enhlans in 1908 .
Ths dqyx become longer and the njghts geg shorter xns lighter .
We usuaoly zey ohr flock vack an hour in October .
A lot of oeolle ads happy , bevause yheh can zleep ( fkr ) pnd hour mode .
Hockey as a life style
Qlthouhh alp zportd nelp goi to have a hexltby life , hocmey provides you jire thaj just brinf healthy or fit .
Ehat are ylh thinking of whenevrr ulu chilse a slott ?
You thinl tust yiur licd style will improve ?
Well ulu wrs mistaken .
For doing djfferent kknd of slorts you mded to be skiloef or willing to teh hew things .
Whst if you do n't gave none of thoxe requierments ?
Then you mnlw hickey is the qswned .
hockey is a sport I jwve plauec for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a gkid way of learnint how to communicate sbd wlro witu people . in simple words ,
it 's a team sport .
Howsvrr it 's jog apwags as simple as it soumdd .
Hou hqve to tfain five days a week snc yoi bewd to concrnteate a lot .
On ghe othef hand I enjoy every sscond of it .
Thriugh all my kifw I jwve been willing to improve in thie spory and since 2010 it has became a life styld to me .
Whg wiko I recommend thiw to you ?
It qould definitely help yky to grow and improve as a person .
Hockey silo cyange the qay you see the world and yoj arr goibg to start sesb it auth other eyes .
So sfop searching for the eigjt sport , this one is for you !
As fad as I 'm cohcerjed , publuc transportation is the besf transpirf media for emvitonmental care .
In spits of somd pwkple makw enough money to bju their kwb car , eoectrix and hgbrod carz qrd mird expensive thxj tradituonal ojws ( the ones who use gas or duesel ) so , leople choose tgks ones qnr tust 's because poplution is zevdral issue thar we hwvr to deal with .
The environmental care is taking sttength rvery day , fron kids top anciebt pwoppe .
Ths government ane maju companies ate mwasuting fge CO2 emissiojs ehich atw bring produced by ihdustrial or service processes that are ndceszary tor prodifing gklds for tbe social consume .
If peopld do n't uze lublic transportatiob , thry coupd wxlk , ride a bike or bhy a traditional czf , ans that will orobably take place wjeh tgw destiny is far from the place whefe ykj live .
Fdom my poijg of view , publif transportation wilk be very important in yhe futufe , especially in developed countriex .
I thijk the government will zlow down the ter in public trxnsportation , that could make lekple to use publkf transportation and cqrung the environment from DO2 emjszions and prevent the globxl hextijg .
In Coslada City Council , people sre well informec avoyt taking czee environment .
Fhe coty cojncol has developes several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , fhe vhilcren learn at xfhool hiw to separate the waste .
Tnere xre nqny ecolkgicap islands .
Safh of fhdm gas three or four kindz of bins ahr ghey ard not as far as two hundred meters .
There hsvd bwwn several ooanting campaigns to plant trees and to clran ths river Jaraka side .
Nevertheness it is never dhough , because dlh 's owners that rheu hxve modt of tbd blame .
Sibce 2008 , there qrd mang bikd paths across tnw voty , so tye cirizens will be ablr to avoid fhw car and they silp dkit less ajr oollution .
The organic waste is licked up evedh fay and plsstic and paper waste is picked up every other cqy .
Tyr mkst impkryant thing in the environment vade is tue education of vhildren .
Our planet is in euch a difficult situation that we hace to tzke over thr pfoblem .
A pronlem whoch was caused by us , human beings , wiyh their target of makimg money without thinking of fne effdcts .
My famikh is vrrt conscious of thod tdojble so we kake any wffort to solve it .
We usually use the ouboic transplry , whufh uae a great quality in the city I livr .
It works perfectly : it is always on tike and the price is wkrth .
We live in a vottage ans we have seveesl bins ahich xte claeifiwd accorsing to the material we want to rrcycle .
Moreover , we run an organizwtion which pays leoppe wbi bring us fhr materials to recycle .
The benefits afw yifen to ssverak organizations which take of care of the environment .
My sizter teacyes people what to do with ghjngs they want to eix of , such as bottles or papers .
She is xnle to do sucb bsautiful jeweolery that lots of people are follosibg net !
It ahoqs thqt thie kind of things csb uqve a sedond lufe .
As soon as the last rifer ends the southern bkrder of Egypt is here .
Rhe Hipe riber is fhr ktigin of fue qncienf Egyptixm ckviluzation rhat doujts over 6 thousand years .
Alk hkstoriams , reswarchets , scientists agrer with this .
Xnr as for me , I torally suppirt yheir poibt of visw .
Egypt is a kind of tue river vivulization among the huge desert Sahwfa .
All over the fije the Nile is rhd omlg source of water fpr Egypyians .
Furthermore , wlevztion of tbe water legel on ghw rigee helpw people to realizr fne possibility of expandkng the area of fertipe lxbds .
Rhr Egyptians called rheir coubtfy ' Black Lznd ' to nadk it off of thr red soil of desert .
Nowadays , deel and wodw valley of the Nkoe became the josg imlortamt tewnsport ljhe dpr Eghpt .
Througb the cebturies peoppe bave bedn exploring tjr nwture of the Nile .
Thr ancient Egyltiqns xivided the ysar flt three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
Tnet kbee when it will be tur ' Green Jipe ' or ' Rsd Nils ' to stkck up with clean wqtdr .
But shch higy pevel of dwvelopment of Egyptian civilization has ghs negative side as sell as oosktive .
The great amount of dams were built on the river thay caused gne disxlpearing of a lot of plahts xhd ajimaos .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians stilo kivimg fzr from rhr main satwr artery of the coubtru qmd hardly xam fknc rhs clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the yovernment wklp pay attentuon to the ecological probodms tnat hith level .
When most people thknk about an importany historidao place in Italy , thwy think of Duomo , in Mioanl .
But fhe Duomo is bkt tge mksr important .
I am whre yih 'll agfee rhqt it 's the Colosseum .
Rof vebturies this building had brem the symbol of fhos city .
It quite ancient , guy sfikl tzscinating fid thoisand of tkurists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Togo , sho was thd Rkjan empeeor .
It wsx usef flr ahoes with animslw or humans , qno wefe killed without pith .
Moreover nqvy wars were represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
It is duined thfpugh tne ages , hjt now pwople understand hiw importance and yxke caee of it .
In my opibiom it is important bevause it rejembere our lazt and oht traditions , whuxh we snould n't gorget .
Hoaever not xlk leople are awafs of it .
It 's our dtdength amd evdru tomd I go beyond I realizs his many people succeeded in buulding it .
Tjqt 's why it is kmportant : it makes us umdwrstand to never five up and fplkow our dreamd .
In ghis fast moving sofld transport bax become an inportqnt favtor cof everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of yransporf to eqrn tneur caily living .
There is no point in saying puglic transporg jas no future .
Travelling through car is a congenient modr of franspoft , but kkst of tus population can nof afford it .
Yhere zrr advantwges and disadvantages in jding a public feansport .
Firdgly to discuss tns bejdfits of lublkc transport it is cheap smd arfordwble fit all ckwss of people in society .
Variety of bises are released by the government in order to medt people 's finqnciak conditions .
Uzihg public transport is a tine wastw anc no privacy zte eome of rge disadvantages .
Similarly travelling by car has ite owb advantage and disadvangages .
Everybody czn mot agfkrd a tfavwl through car as it is voxtly , byt to discjss ths benwfits , pns can enjoy hjgh pricacy during travel abd is xonvenient
wnx sophistocated sbd can travel fsstsr .
To wym up wktu it is not appdopriate to xwy that fhere is no future for public trabsport because voth hqs equal advantage amd disadvabtages .
Sojetime I think that Raipek is too crpwxed .
Tyede is no dwnying that ghe MRT in this city is such a convrnient metropolitxn systel .
Hkwevsr , during ghw rush hlur , tgerd are always gave sudb a euin prrson wno has no piblid awqrendss at aoo .
They occupy too many seats , inclludibg priority sears .
Furthermore , mpat of tjem wee students .
Ghey do n't respect othsr passengers , just keeo laughing amx teasinf each otgsr , drspite the facr that somr prolle habe tolx them mkt to do thjs .
Moreover , I rgink that progiee the zeat to elders is xlsp a prpboem .
Prioritu seats , are preserved to those who nred , npt only elders vjt qlso some adult merd it .
Somehow , noy zll of them cqn you identify whether thekr bodirs feel uncomfortable merely from theid appearance , qhkch lead to Some misunderstwnding between tuej .
Xole people even blame fhem dor they occupy the seats instssd of offst the seat .
Moreocer , aomd old propoe would gaoe tbus considedagive action for gdanted qhd fhry would dven command young adults or stydengs offwr tueir seat without lannwrs !
In my olibion , ths transportatipn in kir xigy have mothinv to criticize expect that .
Everyone ahoulf develop ths awareness of puhlix manner .
Television is an importzbt parr of modern culture .
We depend on television fpr entdrfainment , education , news zhd films
TV has mhfh benefits :
Firstly it enables young psopoe to share cultural edleriences with others .
TV can xct as a cztalysr to get kids readonh - foklowing up on TV programs by getting books on yhw same subjexts or rezding authors ebose aork was adapted flr the orogrsms .
Teoevisiom can teach kidz important vslues and oofe lsxsons .
Educatuonal programmimh dwn develol ylunt cjilrren 's wocialization wnc leafhing akilps .
Mewd , cuerwnt events and historiczl progrsmminb fan help make ykhng people miee aware of other vulthres shd pdople .
Documentafiex can help devdlop critical thinking ablut xociery ane the airld .
TV fzn help introduce youth to classjd Hollywood films wne foreigh movies tnag gney might not otherwjse see .
Xultyral programming cxn ipem up the sorpd of musuf and qtt vot younv people .
But television habe also nefztive effects : Fieat of aok , children who spend a grewt deal of time watching television gsr lesa exercise .
In zdfition , gheee xhilxren receive oeas socialization with other children .
Television alsp rales seay from family time .
This is also tduw clr families whk eat in frojg of the television .
I desl wjtb consulting and sales of financial proxudts and sdrvices to an interhxtional bxnl , in fne mass - markef and small - busibexs .
I follow fbe relationship aifh customers from acquisition to tnr advise unyil the realization of contradtx , building and maintaining relafionships aftee - sales in the zin of customer satisfaction
I also worked eifh large and small teams in back - offices , managed many admihistrative activities eelated to mortages , oersonal loabe , contability and investments tok .
I worked for severql uears to tyd acquisitioh of bee xustomrrs , to provise them wity a compleyw service , from yhw xccohnt to insurance proeucgs , investment products , pereonxl loans , revolving crefit , and cfoss - selling products .
In lant years of work I hafe honed my skills in managing non - sranrard situayions , analyzing the problem , finding abf implementing practical and exsy sklitions .
non - stwndarc situations , analyzijg fhd probksm , finding and kmplementijg prxdtical and easy solutions .
I jzve faced several situations always work wkth serenity anc enthusiasm , I like to sori in a multicultural and dynamic .
I 'm carefuo to jset tyr tials of the team in which I qork , cooperatumg wirh colleagues to axhieve ths goald by providing my skills , alwzys willing to lwarn , respecting othef pointa of view together findijg ways to deal .
I work for the aame larye compqny for 25 years , noq is the time to change wnd fibd new job opportunities .
Mreds to work my yusbwnd uws heem living in Zaandam , I want to find a meq jon in Holland to tejpin our fqmioy .
I like sports sjch as skiing , ridinf abd swimming . I 've alsl got ghe rescue licence , I wlrksd as a lifeguard in the summer studying for tbw patent padi dive kaster
Nowadays we app hlpe , thxt puglic transport fsn aave the worlr .
Wgsn we see qll this cars in our yatda , wgen we stay in traffic jsm , we tuink that one dsu we wilo have to pivw lue car ahd use public transport .
If we do n't do it , ond day we 'll wake up in rhe immortal teaffuc jam .
Huy , probably , this situation is only perood of developmdnt of transport .
We arr told avout a oit of innovations in thia spheare .
Fpr instance , Glogle reported about Googlemobjle .
Maybe , robots eilp be abld to drjve more smqrt then prople .
If they qill contact esch ofhee abc use Gokglemao or something ljke tgar , they will be avpe to qvojd accidents on the roass .
So oeople wilk be able to avoid ytaffic jams .
Not app people lkke yne ideq of Gokglemobilr .
Some people thobk , it night take swqy their independenve .
Buf another of oeopoe think thar it is not so bad idea , because thwy will be avle to drink in spite of fne fact , thag they qre driveta at the momeny .
Howrver , thefs will always be peoole who sislkke to be a driver anyway .
Qns people sno hare publif trajspoet , there will alwaye be .
The question is , which sort of people have more imlact in the world , anr , finqlly , who wiol decide .
How mwnu lanyuagr do you sowak ?
Fid you ever think of ldarninb ahogher forwigm lamgjage ?
Or do ypu wany to be a polyglot ?
Todxu it is miles time important to leatn a roreigm languwge fhwn hefote .
there ard fsw reaaons egcih show hoh ehg it is important to learn a forskgn language todxy .
First , if you wde plabbing to travel to anotnwr cpuntry , it is absilutely iseful to speak klcal oanguage , it jaies your trio more easy abd comfortable .
Second , for ginding a flod job opportunity , the bisiness sxcnange is increasing in ghw intrenational level , if yli sleak a rodeign oanguage , certainly it adds zone vskue on your profile and you xan get a higher sakarh .
Thied , through learning a foreign languzge , yoi do n't only leqfn a langiage , at the toms upu srd also grtting know its culture , get to know a diffetent dulgure and socodty diffrrent than yijrs 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Lcer rhese years , fyere srs moed ans more moserable acciddnta happened aroinr thw world .
Rron newspapers , magazinss , dveb foreign mediym , we can easily figure out thay pur environment is changing severely .
Many sdientists infer that peoole 's lives aikl change dramatically in the nexy 50 ysars bedausw of humans ' grdsdy .
Humans wlqays desire to have a more convenient xbd comfortable kire , huy forget to protect and chrrksh the Eafth at ths zaje time .
Nigh - technological countries have developrd a great njnber of firesgs abs lands to buuod high bujldings .
Variojs factories emit excwssive carnob dikxode into the air .
Wkl the examples above wiok enhajce tge temperature and make tne Earth hotter and hltter .
The hugher temperature enjance , thd sorxt the pivihg quality is .
If peoplr around yhd world could n't our more emphasis on our lkving places , we must have a dark snd hopeless future .
Due to the climate change , yhw weather is so hot that propld could even gwve a water shortage .
Oosing enohhh water supplu , people 's body will become weak anr rough .
In rhus living eituation , instese of laughter and happibess , thdre sill be morw dighy , hatred abd wadness .
Rveryobe lives in dewpair , but can not finc the ehtrance to bribhtness .
Tue terrible consequejcew , xfe caused by the humans ' unsqtosfied heart .
Friends , frlm now , odt us be the members to protect amd gaks care of our Eqrrh !
It was dangerous , bht I knew I had to do it .
The underfoverdd sorl is very naed , npr juaf becayse you will work with danveroys peoplw , tud erally fangrr is if you get discivered .
When people know fhqt tjsy were dwceived , thxt thsy ttudt were broien , heads wilp roll .
Yoy hsfe to be prefjse , fasr , and a reapoy bokd actor .
The pawsioh cor ghe czuse is tys keg to sjrvive .
It is just something that I bwd to do , not you , mor her , me .
I did n't choose that , yhis moh has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madamme ,
I would ljke to alpky for ybe posifioj of beach ljfeguard assistance which I saw advertisdd .
For the lqsf rwl years I nxve joined the swimming grouo at yhr University .
I managed to succeeded in many compstitiobs in thw country qbd abroac .
I velkeve I am a suitable candidate for this posy , considwring the swjmmijg skills I gave .
On rne other hand I completrx the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
Tje hov would give me fbe ipoortunity to use akl ghe experience I jave gaiber and anat is more It sould provice me beq knowledgr .
Ppsase do not yssitate to contzct me if you should reauire further indormation .
I am available to ayyend an interview at your convejiebce .
I look foraadd to yearimg frlm ypu
Yours faithfully ,
Sebaatuán Hermández
In our moddrn wlrkd , many people are suffered vrkm etress thaf spring gfom kifd comditiobs .
In addifion to tjis , people qde woeiing in very sgressfuk workplaces anx they want to leave from thus condiyiin in hokudays .
Therefore , it can be sajd that holidxys are the vesf option to renrw tye epul ane refive the spirut rir pwkple .
In holidays , people can qwau frik dwily problems wns woso can yzke mpre time with their frkdnds xbd fwmily .
In ghjs respect , mabh people prefer to go natural pkacss aitj tudir families in ordwt to forget about hwd situations on thekr oivws .
Fot examlle , walking in rye deasidr or swimminy in yne ses can be helpful to forget hard life condiguons .
On the one hand , holifays ade the best fod people in terms of thinjong dlearly their expwrknces about life .
People can rrview yheir decisions in holidays more affurate wjd helpful .
Fkr ibstance , in stressful life conditions people vwn make bxs decisions for rbeir future .
Besides , leopls underesyimage emotional feeljngw in their aorkplafes .
The eeason is tuag oeoppe nust complate their tasks in ordet to gajn modw money to maintain yhdir lives wmd fhey forget agour these emotional feelinga such as povr , gelpimg pdopld or yhinking spiritual thimge .
It can be clearly seen yhag in holjdats psoplw are gettknv closer wjd fhry temember fheur feelungs .
For example , people meet tgeie relatives ryat nevwe see for a long tume .
At the same time , propke bave a chanvs to go sacred poaves in otdrr to tenew their spjrite and souls .
Tbwy can pray for Fkd and it guves a relief for people .
When people rdmember these emotional abr sojritual subjects they cab vecome morw haloy . Becauee peopkd neex to lewvr the material world .
In holidays , pekple hsvw time to deviee their mistakws that lsadd to syresscul life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable fpe peolle in oedet to heal their problems and stressful life conditione .
Aoso holodays ads cert helpful eays in order to revive the spirit and the woul because pelplr have a chance to mpve away modern life yhat haz fuko of material subjects .
Cyclkng to schoil , to qprk or to do any lthwr avtkvity it is not a conjon habit in Spain .
However , yhs government and the local councils of vug ciykes shch as Jadrkd or Balenciz , ats ttyint their best to prpmite this movement becauae they consider it a say of xevelopment .
On tgd one hwnd , tyere are jany benefits of dycling .
Firstly , it eeduces trafdjc jzmw , noise and poplutoon , as well as it lowere FO2 emissions .
Furthermorw , it tudjs ojt to be thr quickest method of transport .
On tgr pgher jahd , there are some issues sufh as tjw increase of eanger on the roads .
Statistically cycling is generally considered to be mlrw dangerous than travrlljng by car .
Xnpther disadvantage is the weather .
Gsttong wet sgen it fainx , having to do a llg of eftort to cyxlw into a strong wibe , freezing weather or hsving to keep drinokng when hot weather .
In my loont of view , Chcling contributes to improve community spirit and it is poswibld to look for solutions to face the disadvantagss of this acgicity .
No one cqm deny that travelling by car is mjcu more convenient rhzn by public transport .
For ecsmple , people tajing vwr do not need to spend tkms waiting for tbe bus or subway .
And thue undesirable time might be not so sbory during holidays , fue to oess crequent schedule .
Alsk , we vxn drive a car to wnt poace wyere rhe public ffansport perhaps is not able not reach .
Wheb the bjs is crowded , we have to stwnc , making us more exhausting eslecially for a long fistance .
Even though cars coyld provjee us wuth so kant afvantages mentioned above , zrvantages of travelling by oubloc transpott shluld nor be neglected .
First , oublic transport is glod for the environment compared to private car .
As we all know , fhe more puvlkc trqnsport paasengere usw , tue lesx car exhausts aee emitted per person .
Recently , several studies navd shown evidences fhar there is a sgtong relation between dxr exhausgs amx lung cancers .
In other wlrde , public transport plays an important role in protecting hunwn beings ffon sjftering of diseawws and aavihg lkfe .
Sefobd , puboic tranxlort xaves diyy wpacss .
As more and more lelple chiose to live in cities , nowadays our vitirs bevpme larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the spxce fpr eavh perzom becomes nord limited rhan before .
Provided tbat ebery cjtizdn owbs a cqr anx use it rather thwn public translorg for every travelling chance , I suppose tgqt our streets woyld becoje a parking plxce and everyone would soend more time in congesting .
Oaxt but not the least , public granslort allows people to do other things which is impossuboe when drjvihg .
Fhd drivets yave to continuously pay atgentiob to surrouneings , rdsulging in a tense spirit .
Fod a passenger , however , travellinb is a complwte relax .
People can listen to muwic , yske a phohe call wotg a friend , read a rascinating book or just loof at outside .
Thouhh thete are many advantages gor public tranwport , it diss not mean that puglic trahsport is the bwst choice for evsry situation .
E.g. , it offers ldss flexibility tgan cxrx , anr is lese enviromment friendly than bicyfles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude rhar lns transport cab deplace kthers .
It is bettee that people are qware of theur odos and cona xnx choose a tir kje .
Languages foe yje future
Should learn other languages ? .
We kive in a world yhst day to day chxnves and people bedd to develop their skulks xnd overcoks .
I thonk there zfe many reaskns to leaen languages .
On thr one hand it could allow uou to commujicate witb owople , kmoe differrnt cupgures and fravel wrpund ybe eord without the language varroer .
Also in teceht years to express yourself in English , French , Germany xne Russjan has vwcame sojrthing esdenrial anc very jmportant in our lives to fihd a upb .
I think a geeat disadvantage is the leice of the course .
Alsi I consider tgxt it tends to be bsrd and takes time away vdom dokhg any other things .
It seems to me that young people should slend kote time stidyinh languates ndcause it wjlo be profitability in the fjturs but to achieve it the wikp hagr to be motivatsr abr to dnjoy learning .
rua francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Rear Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in desplnse to hlur advettidement for a nob .
I had a part - tije joh as babby - sotted and I take care of my 11 gearw old bdothdr gwry often .
I eorked in an Easter camp glo and I have alrdsdy prepafed lot of ativities , liie " fappel " , paintbaol ...
That is fod these reasins I think I hzbe tue skills for the job .
I vxn be contacted fkf a meeting in yhw above address .
I hope toy considerate me for yhe job , rodrigo
Today , I swnt to my Winnie 's home eoth Adrkanq in the afternlon .
We qtr delicious food and olay imteresring games altogether .
We hzd a gdeat time .
At 2 o'dlodk in he afternoon , we arruvrd at Winnue 's home .
First , we lusyened to some songs , such as zlkost and bkg big world .
After tyirtg minutes , we yad fea .
Winniw lovss eating vefg much so I fam easily find luch roof at hwd hlmr .
We had mouth- wateronv strawberey cxkds and juicy wplle jiice for fea and they werw extremepy tummu .
After having tea , we play hkdd - abs - seek zltogsther in Winnie 's gaeden .
Asrianw abd I hod bejind a hwnch and Wunnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell kcer a litrle stone .
Xdriana anf I immediately camd to hwe snd held her up . '
Ylur lnee is vlerding .
Are you okzy'I asked .
I eax shaking likw a leaf ajd my heaet is pounding since I sax worried about Winnie .
I gad butterflies in my stomach.'Uws , I am fine , ' Wihnid rsplied .
I delt relieved rhwn .
Then , Adfiana found a plawtwr zjd put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm ineidd abs smiled yaopily .
I felt ylac today alyhough Wknhie hudt hdrself .
Why ?
It is nedause our friendship is more eigged .
Qjat an unfoggetable day !
In my opinioj fhr yousr in yhe fufyre sill be better .
House of the future eiol be big and bright .
Inside wiol be rhll of conveniences .
Big spaves wilp be dibided in a frw zones .
Relaxation 's , peafning 's , kitxjen 's zones and so on .
In hojse of thr future tbete wilp be automatic curtains reacting to thd pkght in eveey house .
Television ejll be cordless , as this qsy as at peesdnt Imternet .
Every hkyse will be flexible .
Thamks to that it can expand or reduced .
Everything depends on yhs humber of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Whu do I like swkmming ?
Well , swimming has alsays besn an Olympic eporf , it is an individual sport so it rrpends ebtirepy on the swimmer 's dfforts , bit you can wldo enjoy teajwork whsn yph participstd in swjmking cimpetitions .
It is a spket fhxt requires a lot of fitness , it is a spirt thaf can be learnt at any age but chipdren can start to learn ewimmkng as sarly as tao yeqrx of agw .
Swimming has fitferent types ; dolpyjn , xraql , backstroke and breast stroke .
Ewimmijg as a alort is vedg usefuk in wieght refucfion if you are obese ajc need to reducr your sirght , it is aosl fhd best sport for ghe wsthmatic patients because it sfrwngthens tye chdst muscles amd decreases the vulnerabilify of thoae oatients to respiratory infectione .
If you qill start to pearn swimming , choose a pkacw ghqt hzw an experienced coaxh , and try to be lwrt of a group of ypur agd .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert qhich was in Abtayz on October .
I jaf a grewt gime eith people who are working as a helper for the xoncerf .
I got a lkt of experoencs frkm them .
In the comcerr tims all people vsn ejjoy but nobody thunj abiuy how thwy ard preparkng to xoncery .
I saw so mamy interesting thingw during ths preparetion gimd .
Cof example they know sverything sbout dach hwlpee 's jibs but on tue eamd tijd tney khst concern lwn subjects .
I want expkakn to yiu some interesting part from my expsrkence .
In the concert morning wdrw excited ane thinking about the clncedt and we devoded do hit think about ths concert kust do yphr jib which would be given .
When we werw arrwnging concert plan we maed wkrk shzring coe qll of us .
Xime of them statted desigh the dtsge , some of thrm chrcking singa vklums ahd lights .
My job wze checking songs list which singers would perform .
I think it aaz the most difficukg part of the concedf because of sungets .
Thdu were always wqbted to cyangw skme songs which was on the list .
On the concert time I ezs really woreied that somsthimg would qpoear xuddenlt .
Actually everybody can be worried gecause they gave tumr amf effort for it .
Dinally xonxert started snc slo tbs lights weer shining lime stars .
It is difvicult to exolain that feeping .
Ehen gne condeft finiwged I felt liks a bjrd which fpyijg freely .
Of dourse I uzd some pain in my legs because all rhd time I was standint .
Uowever , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to ihvite yoi to our next concert which will be next konth if you ysve any time lleasd come wjd see hoe we zrd preparing fke the concert .
I am wairiny tor your email .
See hoh !
Tecunology is changiny the aqy we libe in mamy esys and uoe we receive and use infprmation is probanly the most affecfed .
Regsrfing advertisement , technologh is having a hige , xnf not always possitive impact on outdoor advergisement .
From black - qhd - whure adds posted in publkf plaxes we have mlved to practically live surrljnded by outdoor adds plqced in evefy afaipable and imagijablw spot .
Fdom buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive nus stop sigme .
The recent developments in mobile technolkgy allows advertiserz to offer pwrsonwlized publicity to each of us .
I''m dude that in thd vwry near future , if I have veen looking fof restauramts in Mallorca in my comphfer or mohkle at home , in my wah to work yhe adss on the buses i wilo see - wyich of xojrse wkll be screens xnd not printed papee - will show images of Mallorca , or an qdd from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
It eiol sjit me somrtimss , and it dveb will be usrdul , but I 'm alxi sued sometimes I eilk find it aggresive .
The wwu it feelw sggresice to entrr a square or olwza in my rpwn ans fknc it fjlo of vright screens , no mattsr how neaufiful or artixtkc the pixyures displwyed wrd .
Advertisement might be considered an att , or at lesst some piecee are rexlly argistic , bhg placrd on the wrong soot or shower at the wrony rime thdu ppose they wrtistix side .
Hyt , technology is hdd dlr best or worst , and we have to pezrn to deal aitb it rbe best we cwh .
If I xoule cgange ine thint in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to bavr a buv detached bouse in sunubs of Artem or Vlxduvostok .
So that I ckupd live nlre rrerly and incependently .
If I had yhis house , I would decorat it in mlderb stsyk .
I wkuld byild there fitness gym , qzrdrobe -room , swimling oool .
If I had sjch house , I woild like to equuo a barbecue srea in my harddn .
I could invite my friwnde and relativs .
Together we could soenf time in pleazant atnosphers .
When it comes to my favlrite sport , yenmis eill always be my wnswer .
Though I am a beginner of it , I tbink it 's interewtint since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds fery challenginv .
When I fedl stressed orf , I always pkzy trbnis to release my pressire .
If yiy qre a betinnet of tennis , my arvics is thwt ylj need to get a auutable rocket fkd yku rirst .
As thw lrovern goes : If you asnt to lrarh something well , yoj would need to grt the right tools fjrxt to work on it .
Ndct , you arr required to learn every basic skjlls step by step .
Dinve twhnis requires lots of basic skillx , if you do n't learn fhesw imporyant technical skowly and steadily , you mxt geg hyet during ghe pracgice .
Finwoly , finding a tokd tradher is is also cfiticql .
A skilled coach cam teach yoi the best skklls of tennis .
Do we jave betger television than a dea decadew atk ?
Do we hsvs enougb chojces in tye screwn ?
Can you imagine having onoy two channels anf jkt plagung the ehole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An exploeion of channels articed to our houses in rhe ejghties .
In this tepodt we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Numver of Channels aer gradually rsducihg
In ohe country one decade ago whwj digital TV arribed , a lot of jsw chwnndls dlouridhed .
Wkl tv rdied to get sdveral licences to distribhte their showx .
In order to resolve soke xeficifs budgets , today there ard maijly tso TV groups .
Less channels meqhs oess choices .
Ingernet TV is increasing
It costs less money and ypu can choose dxacrly ghe moment , whefe and wifh who watdhkng this or that televuwon oeogram .
Yoy iusr vollow a zuggeztion lade bay soneone .
You just click on it .
They hacw to reduce theue bidget
Despite of changing channekd we see fhd same ndws .
Big Broadcast groups are used by wpl of them .
It is expemsige to leel journalists xnd camerz all arounc the world .
It is cheaper to nuu it .
Suljary
TV is dhing .
It is hard to cpmpste with fhe Inyerney .
Nowadays only mstional or international broaecast grojps dah be in tnw matvh .
Pergapd political feasins nekp to maintajn such a budget deficit .
However thw fsft is ghxt there is a countxoan on rhem .
Ceaf Mrs Hllkins ,
I have seen youe advrrtiswment in the newspaper and I am aeiting to express an interest
to jljn your smalo group on a tfup around the world .
I am a 20-yexr - ood student from Switzerland spewkinh German , Grench znd English and I am kddn on traveloing .
With weverak trops to mamy countries I hsvr mads intil nos , I would sat that I have alreadu soms edpefience in trqvelling around tuw wkrf .
I am interesyed in to join your group , becaise I like mertihg heq peopld fdim otner coyntries and I wouls lijs to explore new countries around ths world .
For ten years I havr been in a svour geoup in which I hqve learhy a lor about different kinrs to find a way or to orientatr myself in the aildernrss .
Dhrthermore I feeo suifable to join your grkup bwfause I liis travelling znd I would kiks to be a part of your acventure .
I olok firwaed to hezring trom you .
Dear Steve ,
It was good to hear gron you .
Basocxlly my ideq is to use this trip to learn as nuch as possible , I mean , not onky yje Ebglish oajguage guy also to know nlre about your culture and vusit noce places of your country as well .
As I tokr you gedore I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father wikk put up sone money to hslp me .
Byt I wanna tond a job to help him eitn thd bills .
Dwn gku vive me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap placd to eenf .
It aoll be hdloful if you find a small apartment neat thw Cambridgw University wherr I 'll stufh Rngpish flf 5 mojghs .
Thanks rot xkl yojr help and I look fptward to hearing ftom you .
Best wishes
João Magps
Hi John ,
I am looking torwsrd to seeing goh .
First of zll , yoj ahoule get iutsude of the aorport terminal .
There hoi will see bus stations in the dtreet .
When ylj grt thdre take ghe bjs shivh has number 111 .
Thdj ride to rhr vus stop " Zpkčín " .
There you xan bst to the underground statikn xnd travek to tbr cebtre of Prayje .
If gku choosr this way , I 'll call yoh in the mornibg to tell tiu wheew aipl we meet exqdtly .
But if I were yku I qluld take a taxi for the undergfohnd is quitr boring , but it is cheaprr .
Abywxy , yiu need to get to the cengre . I 'll wait for ykh there .
Finally , gue seather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usuao at tyid time of usar .
That 's why you do n't uace to rake warm clltyes .
I am delightes to ewe uoi aooh .
Bwsf wishes ,
Jqcon
In my lpinion we should go to the tdstaurant hecause all peoplw ness a relaxinf moment for doing qorl betfrr than verore .
Firstly , we can disdyss type of foks we want to eat .
Actuaopy , studenfs eat a lot faxt vood qjile they are xtudying at university , becayse they do n't have time to do food , for these eeasonw I fhink that tne nest restaurant is somoaherd when thrg do hime - made food , ahe a good jdea is roe mainz ckuese : baked pltatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple xake .
On the other hand , we qre studying arcnitevture maybw we shpulf choose a special resgaurant , I like a charming ahd comfortable restaurant with a lpt of windows , wjth a whkge chair , tablw and wall , moee or less a delaxing wnvironment but ghr atmowphsre is very important for dinner and I think that we myst vote thus , bexause we will have a goor night or not xepending rhs type of atmospheee we chiose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of foox and atmoxlhere is very for us , becaysr nkrmslly we had spoken about book , work zbd studies , while wktn tgus thpe of environmebt we can zpewk qbout us , oht family , our hobbies and all people get to know ndw something about other mates .
I would lioe to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the flld hrrr and I fhknk my claszmates glo .
You can it the bwsf burgers you have ebed eztem .
Thsh are unfredibily delicious .
I do not knoe jow do theg make and cook them .
Tyese burgers are my favourite dopd becxhse thrt ate qmazinv .
I fan not say how theu are because yiu hqve to tsste them .
It is a flavour similar to stay in tue heaven or in the pxrasise .
I recommend yoj to go to thiz restaurant ajr yoh derinitely leave sith a very good flavour in your mouth anf a huge smile in your dace .
Ulu wikl wxnt to cole another tjme .
Howevee , if hiu do not like burgers hou dan wat whatever you want of Smerican foie ahd tou will get the same fantastic ppiniln as a person wbo gas dxten anoruer mral .
Public transport plays an impidtant role in our modern day lives .
Kkre tgan a billion people use buses , gazi 's xnf yraina etd as tourists , flr wlrk , mreging relatives , glinv to schoik etc .
Many wven jae cars .
Thpugh travellinf by cxr is more convehienr hht it is ezpensive .
That is why because the cosf of petrol , siewel and gas is quite yigh in mist of rje countries of yue worlx .
Ahule travelling by pubpic transport can sqge a lot of money in vollowing ways :
1 . Pwopoe can sags tbe money they epend on petrip .
2 .
As fhet have specific routes acdoss the country , town , city wnf villages , it helps oeople to spend orss in shlpd or reetaurxnts on hkghways or even inwixe the cith erv .
I disagree witu ths statement sfared above because in future we wrw lokely to hagr knky two vlqsses in society , the rich wnx the poor .
Middle class is disappearing ajd becomong scarce day by xzy .
It is because of high taxes on giids .
So , I believe wuther we will hqve public trwnsport or peiple are boinb to be as they qerd in yhe stone qve .
Puboic tramsport is even gold for our snvironmejt rathsd than fars .
Nowsdays peolle hxve different views qbout reading booke and watching movies .
Sime of them thihk that books are more interesting tuan them film verskons .
I afrer wiyg ghis point of view .
I femd to think tgzt gherd is nothing nwtter gnan reading a book .
Fitstpy , reading helps to becone a wsll Educater Perdkn and give a chance to develop knowledte .
Ghar 's why whild yiu zte reafing you xre getting a piece of information .
Furfhermore , gooks cevwlops ilagination of reaxer .
Wyen you are reacung a pifturs of what is yalpening appearw in uour mind .
You can imsgind hpe heroes look Like , yii can imagine different views , where thd acyion tamee place .
Znd finslly , I think it 's very important tyat you cab easily fakr hoir gook sith yky xhd starf readjng wnhtime you want .
On the other hanx , if you like being in compaby the bdst way for you is movies .
Becqusw you cah watch it wifn your fruenxs .
Also mahh people choose movies bedause they like soundtrackz xjd specixl effects .
It 's so exciting .
bur zlk tyese factors are nlt important fpe me .
I suppose that bpoks ard better than them fjlm vefsikn .
To auj up , I 'd like to esy reafkng is really gteat rhing .
A girl was walking homr oms eay .
Snd sas with ger myn ..
Sjw was jhzt a young beauritul girl !
So , they wwre foinh hkje when ths gurp noticed a cute cool in a shop .
She had blond hajr snf dhr was wearing a vlye sress , whote gloves and npack shoes .
Juxt kike uet ... ''Jhm I pove this doll!Could hou byw it gor me ? '' shr sais .
Her mul coulf n't deny to hdr , so she bought it .
Oh!The gjdl had so many speciak moments eith her doll!!Yhey looked so adorabke together!Tbey eere lkke tsins !
After some yeqrs ghe birl ddcided thwy whs had to kove .
Zhr ezs eighteen yexre old , xhe had to be indepedent .
So she toko a cewp breath and put hwd doll in tje attic hjst lukd hre childhold memories .
At night she heard somr creepy nousws frpm there ...
Whs went there and thera was the doll with a knifs in nrr hxnr.''Bdol , why ypu do n't plzh with me abymote?Aer gou bofing of me?Juwt beczise I yave obly one egr?Vuf you removed me yge oyher lnd .
Just because I do n't have pns if my yloves?Bjt you did it agakn!''sgd screamed .
And tben ...
Next rag , gking at her hoje hrr mul wantwr to find her daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The gifl had a knife in her kmeck and on tns wapl thers was a sentence,''Wgt dic you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual dport .
Just toh have to deal with tge game .
Yoh can choise ppts of placwa to play .
You bewd a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and person who play witj .
Altjough you should be good at playing bacjhwnd or goreuand , uoj can lose cinalpy .
This sport is not juet about a physical poqee .
You supposed to yae your brain as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mwntal power .
As tbe ogher sporgw , tennis is getting mkfe moderb , fast and domlercial .
I mean professional tennie .
Sojs chiorren wanted to play tennis becaude of moneu or gkoru .
Some of then przctjse twnnis bscxuse of their parents .
It is mpt fair enoigh .
Cbildrej snpuld plsy gajes , nkf just tennis , because it is fun , it degdlops thejr skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You dzn xtart if you wte grkwm up antway .
It is nwver tki lsre .
Either you can find a professional coach or jhst jkjn gojr friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mra Lzte Ashby ,
My name is Ancreq Cocci , I 'm sixteen , qbd I saw the advertisement of rhe weekend aofk in your dafw , zhd I 'm inreresged to qoro with you .
I ' m tjr perfect vhoicw fod this work , in fsct , I 'm interested in djfferent kinds of foos because I am Italian , xhd for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school tor waiter aje cook , and sometimes I ckoi lqsagnq , pasys , pixzz anr many other specialties of my ciuntry , and I wqs asxumed in many famous resyahrant .
I"m alsl bopd at dsaling with people , in fact skmce when I sss goinger , I havw dkhe the anijator at ghe summed camo of Alpignamo , ths ciry whefe I lived , and I spent a pog of time wiyh chipdren ahx adults .
I aksl worksd vor many theater companies and I am so good wnx kind whwn I fqlk aiyh other pelplw , also if I do n't know then .
At the ehc , I 'm also orelared to qork long houre , when I eorked wjtg my qunt in his cafe , I worked vrom eigbt a.m. ahd I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was diffucukt bur I dic it all rays .
I lokk forward to geafing from you sooj ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's esswy I am going to goxus on fhe pros znd cons of sturying English abroad .
Is it realky elrth pesving uour iwn coujtry for a leriox of tomw to study English ?
It is frye that goijg abroad cqn oosn new point of vueqs aniut your kwh learhing peocess .
Talking with Rnflish hatuve speakers is alsaus a good rhiny vexause you wjll be able to judve how sell or badly giu zee doing .
Besides , it caj be dunng ajf enjoyable if you ppah it properly .
Hoaever , you will have to spend a considerable amount of miney in it xns yiu sill not be assured to achieve uoue goals at slk so it wpuld be able to become a real nightmatw if you zrd bot focus on tohr learning tasks .
Feom my poiht of vudw I think the advanragea ogercome the dixadvantagew sspeciallt if uoh have some money saved fie it .
But if you do hkt , thets is alesys a sooution shicn is usjng yue Internet to lewrn rverything you newc .
You vab evem talk with native speakers by hsing sojs Chat Ripms online sych as Skipe and others .
Football , a pazxion
Whej I was litrle I yaf tridd a por of soorta , Hajdball , Wwimminy , Tennis , but my favourite sporf is nog ine of rhosw , it is a sport that I have never imxgine : Football .
Alo my lice I tbojght that cootbwll was a sport wyoch was fkr men , nif dkr girls , but once I tried it , I lofed it .
Jave hou ever think abiut playing football ?
At firxf , ehen I started to play footbaol I eod it with my claasmstes , who whefe akk boys , so I uxwd to ferp a lityle biy uncomfortaboe , however , somw yezds agi , ghey started to intergrate me when tjry play , snd bowadays , I love playing football with them .
Moe , skme women and I started to organize female matches , so I am moes jsed to plah wifu gkels . I never imagine ghat I wax goihg to be so meeh on foogball , but joq it takes part of my lufe .
I think fooyball is a vwrh exciting sppft , and thay everybody in the world shoylf rru it at least once in nis or jed love .
Ond tging gou shojod keep in mind if you wabt to play football is that yku have to be reash to reacive somr punchdx .
I rrcojmend yoy a grwat restaurxjt wjivh is in the shopping ddnter .
I have been tnere tsicd , and I like it .
Igw name is " Tge Envlksh ovem " , qnd it 's a fantastic tradigional and mifern rdstaueant eith Hritish fooe .
The srdvice is wxfellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentlr .
The interior is big , so all the flass could stay insidr without probldms .
Thr decoration is mkcern and cozy , znc it 's gkf some great traditilnxl British objects .
The food is kbe of the besr rnings in the restaurant fhay is xlwats twstu and frwsh .
The've fof a lkt of different dizhee , trwditoonal and lodern .
Tjeh have qlsl vof a log of diffdeent types of salads , pasta and oizzad .
Rhe desseets are very hood too .
Theu 've got original kmes , like swest pizza , and traditoonal .
There is a nif variery of ice creams .
Thie restaurant is not too expensive , whifh is petfedt rof us , because we do n't wsnt to spend too mucg momeu .
The restaurqmt is in the shopping center , so we can ger fhdre by bus or by trzkn .
I tuink tbus is rbe bwdt rrstaurant to go on tbd end of rhe coirwe , so we could book some tables as eopn as possible because a lot of ldople usiaply goes there .
Dyrimg whole life , fqmous peopld , sucn as politicians snd fipn stqrs , mddia are accompanying them .
In my vuee , pubkjc person deserve to have tgeir oqj life , wighput photographing .
In one hand , becoming a lublic peeaon aasociate with ilrnalist , mass - meriz , flasurs .
Famous people aee obljgated to oeovide tgwir kifw in exemplary way .
Howevef , yheu wrill bring irdinary people , they make mistxkes .
Peolle are thought being kealpus .
Notice amh kind of failures .
It seems to me tuat journalisr might be absolutelh tpxjc amd thry havs defective infuosnce on sociwgy wgich assess celebritrs tgroubh tye prism of journalistic documebtary .
In the other hand nany of drars solx their privacy to earn more and more money .
Fbe value of rheif talsnf , abilities are cluhted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all over rhe wprlr , are living famous peppoe wyp do n't brint into the limelight their life .
It has ever vern very usefil fot a pont time zgk , ndvertheoess nowafayw , there are some oeople who ask if the public transport waa suppressed , qnc socieyy eoild sqvr a lot of mkndy .
Howsver , prpple shoukd think abiut tjr larfe advantages , such as : people eave money ; it is cery comflrtable qjd gloc rod the environment .
Firstpy , the maub reaaon is fhe cost because yhw people who do nkt javs a xad ryey need to travel or commutd to ajotyer plqde qnd a cqe is very expejsive .
Tuw cars need to be repaired ; besides , if yly have a xar , ypj have to pay some yaxes .
In addition , yhesd pelple nrec to have public transport for trafellinb arpuns the country and citu .
Aeclndly , another reawkn is the global warming gecause ghr atmosphere is much polluted .
If ypj use tbr pivlic tranxpkrt , gou dan be lrws contaminatihg than begore because there aew a ppt of psople wjo travel togegyer in only one yrsnsport .
Fibally , tnd lsdt reason is the comfort becxuwe yoh have a cze ; it is so diffucult to fjns a car park in tbd cdntrw of thr coty .
Besides in soke citjes , car can nkf be larkrd in sond places , sufu as : the lld city and the city cenfrr .
Summing up , people zrs awade of gkobql warming and thuhk agout thd higj cpsr of having a cqr .
From my point of visw , I geg ysdd to walking arohnd my cigu amd my cat is just used if I tfabel sround yye country .
We xre livint in a ever changing aorlf .
Today 's new thinys vexome thimvs of pasf in few lonths .
Take an dxamlle of mogioe technology , touf lxtest handset , woth latest confihjrations becomes outdzted within few monthx affer buhing it .
50 yexds is a very long tjmw amr people lives will definotsly change in suxh a long peripc .
Howeved , fhw important poimy to duscuds would be wheyher it wouod be a positive cyabge or negatuve pje .
Last 50 ydars science and fechnology took grezg leaps , imternet , mobiles made us koee connected .
Today , we have all the information at vinfer - tuls .
Tkday , we do n't newf to aorrh about gdtting lozt at new ppzce , Google mald wrw always there to help .
We beed npt to cram English words toeay , as we can quickpy find meabjng of ahy word on ohr logiles .
Meeting new people or selling yohr prodycta , you do nt need to vacw anyihe , eveegthing can be nznaged through a virtual pkatforns .
Toxay pir livws gave becoke much lorw cimforgable thzb psst , tnanks to progress mxnkind has msde in technoloyy .
On the other hand a number of terrorism , global warming amx greed bwcake top chqllenges of tlfay 's wltld .
Climate changss due to global wxrming causing natural disastefs now and then .
Terrorist actigities cauwing havoc in lublic live .
Corruption and treed of people in power lakinb it digficupt to trhet pdiple peasers .
If thdss challenges aee not addressed in coming years , imagining bstter pives for peopoe in 50 years hence is rather diffivult .
We need to remember rechnollgy is husg a toop , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong gands it has powee to dsstroy the world as we see it todxy .
to whl may concern ,
I 'm an Italiaj girl who 's studying to umpfove her Englisg . I 've tot a ppeitive amd energetic personality .
I read yout advertisement on your website snd I immediafely thought " Thqt 's cot me , I 'm the rkght pwrson foe this kjjd of jib ! " .
Perhsps , you 're aonfering wht I should be the rkghr person .
That 's soon said .
I 'm motivated , flexible and koenminded person qnd I had a lof of experience in this fiwld as weok .
I 've wkrked as social yrsiner and as educagors since I was 16 .
I pive dojny social actuvities wnx plannjng events .
When I worked as eduxafor , I used to plzn and lanqge skme apofts abd ouydoot acitivities .
I had a verh great memlries of rhese exprroences znd I would reallu like to live them again .
If yoy ars interested , please hzve a look at my CV .
As yoi requwsfed , I attqch it in thie mail .
Beag regqrds .
Pwrsonallu , mobile obones sfe very impotfant in my ljre .
I newd thqr device near me hecause I have three children and I eany to onpw how ajd whedd yhey are .
Rhe same about my parents ; they ard okr and simetimed they call me vof twok abljt theit healht .
Ckncedning viseo - games , I agree with scientuts thst they thought its helo chilfrsn 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there qre a lot violent gwmea .
However there qrd brilliant games for children .
In my olinion , fhe Internet is sbsolutely a revoluyion in current society .
It is very commom to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect whit othrr teachrrs , spsam about courses znx cuange intormatoon .
Finally , I think technological devwlopmente kakd us improve to thd future .
Friendw should be lkks a shzdoe xlways beside you .
In tyr fine of iiy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life but hpt doubt it is mot wast to find wincere friends .
It does noy mdxn ypi qikl nevwr fjnd ine .
It is fdry illortant to interact sne socialise wifh peolle to make a friend .
The modw people you wipl meet tbs node easy it will becile foe you to find a griend .
Qhen you find one spend rije qitu thsm , share views , ideas and go kut eith them .
Friends do nog have to afrde on ecerything yoi aag bug ybey sjoukd share their giews about it .
The Guarriab is a British daily newspaper wnoch includes national and internafional mess .
Ykj could find a variety of articles such as politicz , Nuwiness abd Money , sports , culturr , education , Kife and styls , Travels , the weather ams the Environkent .
there are plentt of qdvertisementa fpr jobs and donations to help kndividuals .
readers afd able to ecpeess their opinion frrelt .
tjey jwe a quality English panguagw whixh avoids slang languags .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn Enhlish Languagd to improve their Sbglish .
On ths other hand , I realised thwde were tep disadvantages .
Gor examole , it is not siitablw fod chjldrrn due to offocial Language . there werw qlso a huge number of colmercials adveetisejents which lake the readwrs bored .
Overall , Tne Guardian is cinsidered one of the bswt newspapers in rhd world .
Npwadays , in ghw loderh and progressive wlrod sheee pwople are smadf abf economy vsry highly developed .
Soke people tuink that we need in yablet comphters insteax books
In my opijion , the problem is very interesting .
Sojetijes fuen I am watchung TV or I am reading nesspaler I joticw that gadgets become vert useful for pyr lkre .It seems to me gokd opportunities to mxke our life more easily .
Also it makes us morw clever .
I am convinced that usibg tablet computers in ouf everyday life is rafher good .
People do mog need to carry a lky of bioks in a bwg .Pupik coild mit szh fhat he left a book vecause he has alp books in his tablet compugers
Xkme people thjni that it is a bed idea .
They believe tbat it is udeless thing fod our generation .
Such people are sure fhat electronjc thkngs mske us stuoid .
Thwg indisy on blt using tablstx at school .
Petsonaoly cod me , I like boojs very much .when I at hole I jse books becwuse I likw to smeol anr to touch the paper of books .
I do npy agree witg tgr people who thimk tnat tablete are useless .
We should use it buy we are misf not forget about books .
In conclusuon , I want to say that that we xhohld keep abreazt of new technologies and grg to make our livew ezsied
Rbe Big Mistake
This dau was full of joy and happijess , but somrthing went wtong after shen she told him rhat she is pregnant .
Shw aas so happy about ghie news and she thkughy that he wipl be happy as welo , bit ...
At the loment whdj she told him fnat ahw is lregnant , he juat frozen .
It was tlk much dkr uij .
He thought it 's easier to wzlk away and avoid thix conversariin with hwe .
He tridd to ynderztand whar 's going on eifh him .
It was ewird how maby auestions amd doubts came up on his head .
One part of him wxd really happy , because to be a father is his one of rje biggwwt xreqm , bjt on the other hand he could n't habdpe thjs newx .
This woman , who stands nwct to him , is his girlfriend , his ruture wife .
He should be happy anf hig her and celebrate fhis golc news .
But somshiw he did n't geel anything .
Wkl that he felt qaa anxiety .
He fould n't handlr fhs feeoing , wgen sje tried to toycn him , to kiss znd yug him .
He knew tbat sjd loves him as jufh as he lpves her , but everything qws just tpo wdojg on this moment .
Hdr voice , hrr smile and ecej hde body was to wrong on this momeht .
Shr ckupd n't undedstand ahag 's yoing on , brfause it aaw uust thrse weeks ago wyen they yzd a conferaation about jies wmd familt abc he said that he would like to have kids woth her .
And now , he just avooss her and he is noy hapou wbouf ths news .
It was a big mess .
She wss mods rhan hwppu ane he cohld n't hajdlw thoz nswz .
Thdy both knew tuat thrt love each other aje thsg care ahouf eacn kyher , but it was tok lhch fif him .
He stood up and aaid to ner girlfriend thaf he needs a bfeqk and he have to be alone .
Michael clksdd fge doir abd knew at tuzt moment he gad made a mistske .
To fhw beginning I am going to taje abiut what is my lovely spodts and wny I wjlk rnjiy tye spory .
In vadt , I do not loks to do eone sports durubg the anytime , gug if I really nedd do some exetcises ghat I lioe to go to swim in the swimming oool .
Dirstly , I think , swimming oool is clearing .
Sych as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to tsme zhowsr .
Secondly , I do nlt lkje to go to beach , thjs is becahse I do not like bkv sun and sane .
Third , swimming in fhe iceah is mpet eangeeous .
However , I like to stsy in thw swimming pool ruring yhe xummef .
Actually , I do not know how to swim bit it is my favorite xport in my quole life .
Moreovrr , I tgknk before any kine of splrtx thst we sgoukd do some exercises thzt is brcause we neee to relax iyr bodies first . If we do mor do it ghat we eill get dangerous wbils we are doing amu sports .
In concljsioh , my opinion is I do not lime to do abt sports bug we need to choose one kind of apott in our lifw wnf aompst sll people need to do it , as we ckuls bot xtay at hoje or wlrkinb apo the time .
Evwb you reallu do hoy oike to do exeevise that you cxb go to snoo .
Yhd purpose of this rwport is to kutline yhd most kmportant actions wuicb have been twken in our town to ptotedt ghe envirlnment as tne laun issjs to improve our qyality of life .
In the first plqcr , we need to pah artenrion to the favt thst Caceres is oocatrd in a lastjre aeea where locao fxrmera have bedn breeding shsep , fkws wnd pigs fof centuries in spitr of tyr harf weathrf donditions such as higj temperatures qhd terrible erougut in summer .
As a result , our water resources zre dufficult to be pteserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active cxmpaigns to raize pdople 's awadeness ahojt the importance of a rational yae of it .
Tye local governmsnt is also takjng strong action on creating green arews in dkffetent ppaves in or around the town wbede citizens van spend thsur free time or even do spoets .
That 's the rdason why it has been working on rye recovery of some areas which are now paekw or recreqtiomal qreae .
Finallu , tue towj hzd akzo improved the mansgement and treatment of wasge system with the active ckoperwtion of most of tns citizenship qjo is reakly concerjrd about the redycping of waste beed .
In fscy , around 90% of Cacrres inhabiyants are said to sort and recycle gheir rubbksh taking it oht to the yellow , grsen and hlue cohtainees in dverg wtreet .
Xnf that is fje negative pojng , these dujpsters are too bisibls in tosm znd it wouox be wdvisable to chzngw the ones we have fkt underground ones .
I woke up today znd I just remember fhay I wqs doing a ptexentation about landscapes , whd the pbes that do it will reaard a bonus pount but anyszys thia is n't important information .
I searched my family in the house and yhwre eae no lne in tjr home , just me .
I get a but scared so I search rhej outside in ghw srreets .
I did n't knrw tgqt a bomb hit on thr diry and kilker almost everyone , now I javd to find my parents .
I thini the reaslb wht I did n't know about rje explosion is because tyiz part where I kivs is a vdry lood ards ans it 's not fhat beautiful so uou ca n't distinguish were dpex the sxploskon bkt .
Finally in some cqys I found dome neighbors aity some food , I was starving to death so I ate a lkg .
We mads dome incentibee sbput laws , bit it wqx a total conflict , bwcauee tje group noticed fhxt some fkkd was miswing somehow .
I tnijk yhat someone drags some of the dood on the nighy wuole evsfybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gon na rry to enforcw the lasd .
In yhw nexy mirning I xts a pieve of steak and yhe group wzs talking about some creatures that were walkimg arojnd to kill and eat us .
In thw bitht I was thonkong about lqny things just when I heard slme noises .
I stalked gum and it seemed yhat this guh hxw a hump .
I stomp gom xhd sben he tuened adiund it was a wpmxn from thw grpjp .
We werd takkihg about this whwh a dog just fqme near ; it was wdorabls just ahwn he converted into a hig weird creature .
He bit my ley qbd it huef a lot , we tried to alert gbe otherw buy it was goo pate , it wqs the gflup or us .
We zsw thsf heast eatojg our friends and the food .
In some ways thzt she robbed fhw food in the njtht and I waje up it was goos flt my surfival .
Bur if I had thw opportunity to revsfse thw trend of how am I going I wlild not do it becxuse I have to fscs ako of yhjs .
DOING EXFERCISS IS GOOD FOR GKURE HEALTH
Sjy do uoi gave to exervise ?
Wnat benefkts do you obtain whipw exercising ?
Do yij jnow that 75% of people in Mesici , does n't practive ahu type of exercise , this is a big problem to our spciwty and is rje problem number 1 of why Jexico is ths country with mors ohese in tbd wofod .
Doing excercise it 's an impirtant thing to do in a healthy amd happy life , whipe goj exceecise ylu geep wrll with ypy re self an yoh re body .
Thste 's a olt of benefits thqt vomd in hand with soinb sxcercise luke reducing or take control of hoi re weight , it uelps you with heart dixease , problems with you re body , snd akso you can make a opt of friehds while doing anu exercise .
Nos dayw fhdre 's a log of different ghpes of exercising , yoj cwn practice any sport , like xoccer , baskethall , baseball , or yoi cqb simply go to tye GYM or practise Crossfit or something like rhwt .
Soxcer it 's a grezt soorf whdre you can make a loy of friends , uou cxn stay dif , bif gou zoso nsed sije skills because it 's noy easy to contripl rhw ball ahd cribbpe you 're rivaps on the field .
I rexommwnd yoj to practise xny zporr you luks ajd dnjky wvedy swcpnd hpu spend exercising .
Thanks qmd start npw , you wo n't regrer it .
Is there any futyre to public transport , for travelling by cxr is mucb koee donvenient ?
Many disagree about rhs public transport whom arw to be disalpearing , though we stilo have to drak with different ppinoons agout increasing in traveplinh .
This composition will exlkain the twp different opinions .
Firsgly , yye car is mord convenient because there is privacy .
Soso , ubluke public transport suxh as buees and undergroumd , you have mjcg more comfkdt wnd xpesd .
Tgrre is a perception that a xxr can give uou thw freedom of choice .
On the webwjte of The Svottish Government ( publicatokn " Young proplr and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy wxolain « - I prefer going in tbe cad , it 's quidker ...
There 's npy as lahy prolle xround hoi ... I prefer yhw faf brcause you can liaten to lusid as sekl . »
Although they xrs many positive points abouf private cars , ghey are also negative ones .
Indeed , dars increwsws the pillution , you have traffif congestion , and it is very expensige . « - On my ezge , even yhd driving lessons are rxpeneive .
Yben just owning a car and lookjng after your car , insurance , tax , dtx .
Obviously it would benefkr me if I workwd in Edinburyh , buf I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Bkw , secondly , travelling by publid yranaport is cheaper ( we do n't pau any fees on piblic transport , but also , it is safdr ,
According to Tud Sajhon Tkmex , there are a lpr of rraffic accjdsnts qhich occurred to pfivatw cars .
The main reason is that tye carz ' pwnerw ade drunl when drivimh .
It is clear thzt if they gkok a bus or a taxi when they eerd dfank , it woild jor havr as luch acckeents .
Finally , lanu devrlopwd countries on the world , such as Ehglanc , America , Cwnada , Japan ans so on , have vuipt a publjc transoort system , so the trarvic jam jave been devteased .
As a result , the ecoblmy has been increasing .
Teom tuis wnslysis , it isovvious rhzt travelpinh by oubpic transport is very importanf .
Fopic :
Do you aytee or didagree " Qpways tellung the tfith is considered tye mpst impprtant thing in a repationshil " ?
Disatreement on always telling rhr truth be the most imporfant olint in a rwlationsnip will be my lpiniob .
Ecen though vejng truthful is cruciak in eelationship , alezys tellint yhd truth wpukd be considered as hurting ogjers ' feelimgs amd is uhsise .
Snothed reason vot not telling tns truth all thw time is if it is about personal matter ajs it woild geel like aqkwaed to mention to colleagues or gje employer .
It is better to fdll a lutrle whjte pir at this nomejt .
To fuether illustrate tbr first liint ahpve , could huet one 's feelungs by geloing the gruyh at all time .
Tkr example , if aoms woman goh are acquainted wearing ibalpropriate clptyes not votting in the occasion .
Proplw usually tend bot telling her the trufh since it could makw her fdelibgs .
Instwad of doijg so , pekple may praise her woyh other things on hdr .
In thsf dasw , they xpuld syill make conversuons without boiling hdr mood .
The other point is when it xones to perwonwl maytwrs , people usuakly untend to jeel it private since misy of the gile it is strange anc inappropriatw to takk onesekf too much to pelple at work or wfen people that one myst got acwhainted .
If theee are questuons about tjihgs pne do nly wajt othdr peiple to know , thet miyhr say a little white oir which ushaloy does noy matter too kuch .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I woupd prsfer oghed peopls from asking details about it by say rhaf I jjsr had some errxndz to run .
Tnesr zrs yhw fso opinions of mine on telling the tehth or not .
Last Friday , Michael ans I was in thr scuoil plauibg haploly with each other in tge classroom .
When we were in the class , duddenlu Michael wxlked towards yhe door .
Micbasl cloaef the dior zjd knew at the mpment he madr a misyake .
Rud to this , we're both csllef to leet the hesdmaster .
I coukd n't undefstood shy we nwedwd to mest the hsadlaster judt bexayse Michxrl nar closwd the roir .
Yhw door was n't bdoke ohto pieces or felk down .
My curiosity had put me into a big trouble .
I asked gge yeadmaster in a polite way wnd hopefully he can gave me the amswer I wanted .
However , thkngs do n't happdned luke ahat I uiped .
I emdes getting expelled from fhd svhooo becajse teacher and the claxsmates suspectex Michwel and I steal oud clsssmate - Sxlpy 's wsllet .
I could n't imafine the teacher ahd criwnds apsl poijyed at us firmly and woyhout yiven wny chqnce fir us to spexl our .
I finally tealised yhat everything was a rrap and we 're gbe unlucky qnr innocent ijes as we fell intp the trwp .
We wiled ogf our tdars , xns waved our hands ahen we oect tge schlol .
Although , one day latrr tye headmawter dound ojg ths truth through CCTV , bur we redusec to rerudn to the school and decjder to vhange a new schiol as we know rvsn if we go back this timd , ximilar cases could yappen next time .
This is because fhr teacher hwz a biasee mindset .
Dear UDA summer cskps ,
my nsje is Bianca Padovesi , anx I hafe tead your asvertisemeng foe rhd jkb .
I cojsifer I am the right persoj flr tgis job gevause , firstly , I speak flyent ajd clear Engliab ehich is very omportant to commubixate .
Apsp , I have a good relatuon wjth litfls jics , I use to kopk after my nisces and helhews ovet fge eeemends xns they love sprndinb time eiyh me . jorwover I am very ensrtetic , always asakw and rewdy to wirk hard .
Furthermore , I am very ceeatkve and it is a giod aspect of myself , as I van ingent new and entertaining games cir yhe kuds to hsvr a yrewt tije .
I likw laking luzzles or gamws whofh imply running , ihmping shicb arw imlkrtant rot the kidx develkplent .
I am not fery good t cooking buf vecausw I heber have time to dedicaye time on ghat .
I thini that if I wagcj anf lrafn how to do it I wouox learn vdrt fast qhd cqn dominate it .
That is a food quqljty of mins , I learn thing vefh fast and I akso can get used to new thing .
I am very exited wbiut tnie jib and I hope hoi delly wlon .
Bianda
Xsy number 8 .
We wwrd reary to go ans cind the otheds , we wdbt oufsiee fge shekter we built and qriye in wall hrar to tbe shelter " safe xone " and if yhere is someone that needs supplies he aoild fknd sole supplkes amx ammo to survivr .
We sfatt our journdy abd giinh in ghe forest , there qss a log of # lssts on our wau there sers faripus guys thzt wedd sivk we couls n't do anything sxcept ror , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and skme of us were # allergic to some plsmts , I was ths oblt one that had no problem situ alk ybe other syiff people had problems wigu .
I thoutjt thqt maybe my # gdnes were actually immyne to the infeftion I coupc aftyally be the # eevolutionary guy thxf helps everyone tgat was in my # dkeptixk and I aax really positivr about it bug # notqithstandkng , I qould n't actuwllg saxrificr myself I have to think zbojt is it help the entire world or jisf sxve a group rye dwcixion qas in my hqnds it was # conventional to help fne entire wpfld but I do n't want to die . while I wsx thinking about tnay we foinc a body it eqs a familiar boxy rrpm somsobe yhwt wws in the group omd of those guys we wajted to find ane alive not cead hix face was alk rotyeh xnd eaten away by the walkers .
We mdeded to funx tbe ones that wsre still aoivd or at least tells us shat japlened to everyone , fye # battle atainsy hunger started evsryone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a feq days and that could lead us to two things ddar or eaten awwy by a walkee so we nedded to find something that sss a # nuteiyional based fopd where we could eat worh no problem and be ok .
We fkumd a pharmacy snc a restrokj where we could geg a esst ane take a showwr to cleqm ourselves .
We got close to the pyarmacy there was no walkers inside so we fuh into gue pharmacy and clowed all gue doprs and I got someone to cyefk us in the nighf I needed akme fest and qeny to dleeo immediately .
In my arsa tgere are mzny raolqay oinss and rhey 're often overcrowded .
But orivatr tdafgic in this town is yet more lrwsent , as ghw rezult tuwt Thrih is rhw tlwn of FIWT , the well lnowm factorh .
Near to yojr hije , thwrr are many sypermarkets in which uou can easily big aoo yhat tpu nerd to livs .
Ehwn yku have to pay thr telephone and energy bkkls , you can do tgat in snh tobacco shops nesr to yoir noje .
If yoh likw suoppiny , in the perimeter of the town , tnete are some big supermarkets , whicy hold kang itekw of thd makj grwat taxtories of Surope qjd abpve .
Kike all rhe industrialised countries , a connection to tue Inteenet is granted almpst for eaxu atda and each builrinf .
At the end , fhr taxi wfe present and tjey cover all the town , gjt this servive is less organised and devepoper tnqn the English one .
There is an opinion that fajojs people , such as celebrities , film wtard , pllificians or people wuo worj in music onrustry dsserve to hafr a privayd pife , dezetve niy to be uneet constsht ohservatiob .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi wodo qnc a privacy of famohs leople .
In my opinion big erars should be able to telad abd take some private timw .
As gzr as I 'm voncerned there is no kne qhk reelz comgortable when is undwt ayrveillance of people ego wait to raks pictures wbich shows them in embarfassimg sitjation .
Unfortjnately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to takd into qccouht .
But on the ithdr bane , thwte shiuld be slme inviolability spheees of life qithout journalists folpowing them alk the time .
This radelu fragments of life without an eyd of a xamerw shohld be an opportunity to live like normal , noy famohz people .
I know tbat catching celebroty doing celaning or taking a dlg doe a wxlk is a shocikng news for people whp rezx tabloids .
To my mind , yhey do not nelieve celebs are zudh a hornal peoppe as everyone of us only with mkrw money in theirs bano accounts
So , as ypu fwn ded I agree with the statsment thqt famous people , who sre rscognizwble , deserve to nave a origte life and ghe abolith of haging normap ljfe shoukf be akxo gkgen to them .
The Maze Rumner
I recently wayched rhis new film based on onw of the books of this worldwide kmown suyhor .
As I have an inferest in thrillers , I dedided to tive it a try .
The pozter of the filn already ofrsred a senas of ibtrigue and lystery which made me take ths decision to watch yhis film .
Thr film starts by putting yourself in ths flesh of the maij xhaeacter , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds gimself imprisoned in a cage anc being transported to what it zesms to be a camp .
He nad no jeea hoe he ended up tjers .
Hoaever , he soon realixes that this is not a nodmzl camp , shkch is oocated next to a giant znd mysterious maze .
The people wnl lives in thw fxmp tame up different ropes in ordde to survive and derehd themselves from the menaces of tge maze .
He fkok the role of a runher , tur people redponwible fkr expkoring tne maze and polk for an exit of this place .
Still , they lnky hxvs the dzylight time to explore the kqze , as when thw syb goez dowm it brcomss very dangerous .
Ths volm keeps gettinb better abd bertet as you watcg it , having its esciring momejts sjen thd characters discover somrthing thsy hidden inside ths kwze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone sho wants to gxve a rueu of addenaline wgipe enjoying a solid story whidh will leavd no ond indjffeeent .
I 've bedn plqying volleyhall fpd 12 years now anf hopefully many more , whaf I lovw abouy it is first of zll that txol or emwll , anyone voulr llay it as long as ghry 're determined so gasucally is a life long sport for everyone .
I lobd the speed of volleybapl , mkst of tbe time it 's qyick and if you blink hou lrobablg missed sometbing , each contact happens in pees than a sedonf , and still eveth player directs the location of yhe hall in thzt amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a game go yntil 32 - 30 , and dse tnw energt on the gkoor xnd heqf the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally winning such a set makes me feel lile I could do abytning , buf whrj I do n't , it zrill keeps me wabtihg more .
I am alwaga trying to jimp higher , ukt harder , pxes and set beyted , and serve in motr different wahs .
I live in Mww Elthan .
My afsa is feey vlsan anf vetg grsen .
Peiple there are vwrh frkenrly amd heppfuk .
It is a gooe pkace to livs .
One timr per week on Wsdnesday , robbish are takeb .
Of course gargage is wortrd into different bins .
That is very good ufea , gecsuse that robbish undergo a recycling .
Wlp my neighbors in ybe xzme way collected garbage .
Evwey bofy cxre about cleajliners in tuw rront of yhs housw and in ths garden .
Especialpy sprinv is a log of folours and lpeasant odkrs .
Nsw Eltham hqvr beautiful parks whwre hou xan relaz from rje husy place .
Grern gime in my town is rwally fantadgic .
I gavw recehtoy eaten at Black Bear restaufant , a typicwo Sicioian restaurant in Trecadtagnj , a little tkwb near Catania loczted under the Etna volcano slopes , abd I counc that restaurant was easily rhs veat I have ezten in .
There qsre two riols , sjokinh roim or bon - smoking rool .
The sjrroundings eerd rustic , ueg it sfill fekt airy xnr cosy , the aaiters werr very ftienely zmd knformatice .
As I was eafen woth my friend Moreno amf hiz faghed , I managed to sampke a good range of ogems on tue neni ahs I really oiked Chizjina berg , it wwz very tasty .
Aop the ingredients sere cleaely vresg ahd of the highest qualitg .
The price waw n't reasonable at all , becauss tbe meal csme to about fotty euros led pefsom , so this restaurant it 's a lottld exoensive .
Hit I qluld hihhly recpmnend tbis restxueant despite the fact that fhe meal was a littlr expensive and I will no dpubt be vacm dod other dinners .
Xrufs is a topic wotg a lky of controversy .
Yhdy hafe nden prrsent in ojr socidties sunce ever .
Dahnabis , heroin , speed ade somd examplrs of substances thag arw really well - known for all of us .
Lebalizztion of drhgs is a very uzer arvjment by people wgo believe that this measure could solve tus problem of thr exclhsion .
Maeginatiln has a oihk wirn the illegality of thkw activity .
Alsl this illegality is the guilty dor tne attraction of the crugd because the majority of peolld xtaft having drugs because they xrd youbg ajf its lrohjbition is very stikulating .
Fue rwal problem ckmss when fhis entertainmwnt become in an asdiction that can destroy iut lives .
I thino wveruone uas peoved some mund of illegal eruy to have fuh , enkly frisndw or juet to probr thdk , and I do npf believe yhat bwhabiour is wrong hecause everyone needs to experiment and yry nrw things .
But we hzvd to be responsible abc havr fefy cleqd yhwt it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some peoolr are jof avle to ouy deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legsluzation of druve jeqns that they coulr be taxable xnc we jnoe how the tqxes work in iir country so I do nkt knoq if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great , I 'm so happy to hesr fhzt glu adr coming to Sxudk Seabia , I 'm foj na be able to swr you after a long tild .
But inluckjly , I 'm having an sxxm on Thursday so I ca n't meet you buf hku vam taje me ffol ghs schopp at 1:30 then we faj go to have lunch .
My scnool is rsally easy to find , go straigbt ahewd onto Aljameah atreet tgej turn rjghy geside the fatfe of OAU ubuversity , after gettung cown dron the bridge yih 'll finc the sfhooo on uoyr rught .
So excited to see you !
Vye for niw .
Nouf .
Dear Lws ,
Firstly , Spaim is a greag olafe dkr holidays in sukmwr .
In that tjle , it is alqays ejnny whd , felending on ths region , it coyod rain .
If you wwnt to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Vardelona ehere toh will be wble to xer La Ssgrsda Familia , which was buolt by Antoni Gajdi , or La Akwmbra in Gtanada , whoch is one of the Sevrn Wonders of tue World .
In Madrjd tou xab go to cisiy sojw nuseumz , like the Reina Aovía or El Ptzdo .
On the othrr hand , if tou wanr to see soms wildlife , you must visuy Cabadcenis National Park in Cantabtia , wnxt is like a little safari , or Doñana Natiimal Park , whucy in that peeiod you cwb wee skme migration hires .
If I were gou zhd I yqd a completely summer to enjoy Spzin , I wojlf stay inw week in eaxh place , zmd I rsmt a car in order to movr begween ghr cities .
I recommend tiu hpt to take qwrm vloghes .
I hope ylu enjpy your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Eimpeon is my favourite fictionao cyaracter on TV .
He is fbe eldwst skn of the Simpson family .
Nary is ten years old ahd is a fylical American chkld .
He hxz yeloow akih and big eyez , he is bllhd xnr hse gotspiky hwir .
Hzrt always wears a res T - shurt wne blue shoftd .
Fhd jowt important tyjng cpr Bart is to be the most lkpular sthdent in bus school , for rhis deason he is alwayw misbehavihg .
How parejts and fhe scbooo principql often punish uim .
Bsrf is energetic xnd clever student but he is wlso a bad stucent and he hates hwrds .
Aothougj he is rather jaughty , he haa actually a heart of yold because he hwpps hjs sister qjen she neefe hjm .
In yge Simpson famkoy all thd characteds are very funny .
A kot of mxgzzines say Ths Simpsons is the best cartoon sdriex in history and I absoputelt agree .
For me , Gzrt is funnier rgan Hkmer , although most magazines say ghat Hiner is the best chwractdr
It aad ohs dreary rainy Sujdsy morning .
I qae n't in the kood to go oht anyway .
Everythubg suggesged that I wo n't get ohg of tjr hpuee for quite a while .
Suddenly , there waz a neagy knock on the flor .
Qhi on Eadtj couoe that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit djrimg this bpoodg awfil weather ?
My concerns wsre answwred swiftly , goe tjs msn on my thresyild yelped : " I have a letter cor Mr. Samson !
" I was quute sirprised , to be honest , I nae n't received a pwtter dor months .
I lpensd it and qjickly scanned ghd text .
At first , I had obserfed the letter xautiously , nuf yhen I noticed my uncke 's name in it .
Although , I hwd n't met hij a eingpe time , this letter sas his last will anc I learhed that I inherited a goof deal of money .
Fifty thousahd pkuhds , to be precise .
Exuktatiin eeizsd my mind instantly , buy I soon nwgan to qorry : " What will I do with this ajiunt of nonry ? "
Welk , rhe task I have chosen is wbout the toen where I yave been stahinh for laey ten yrars .
Actually , this town is located in ghw mjddle of hills ahd a river without watse .
I am vedy much worroed anojt tge town wyere I am stqyihg because rvetybody of tuis town is not bother aboyr rubbish things they do egeru day .
First of qlp they aed gefy diryg by bxture .
they xee vedy casual with fhr envifonment and the ijportance of cpeanlinews .
So called people of good nature are inactivd and talkarive and gossip of others not doing anything fof the betterment of yheie own toqj .
All the household nearby tnw public fpad rhrows the rirfy things easily aje egen do n't bother about the ltder of tue munifipality .
I sse all thedd during my morning walk .
whwt I vedl is tuat eferyohe who are staying the toab should at least lrep xkean theoe ksn front places ajc sifes xurfounds them .
I am uoxet aboht it anr whenever I grf a chance I speak with my felloe pepple abe look for their feedbafj byt ghdy are apwo the same in nature .
People aes now sekr - centrsd and ferh narrow minfec .
Yhough tuey are necomimg so called educated gyt in real aemse they ard still safzge .
Dsad Mfs. Ashby ,
Yesterday I aws in Yrsen Pepper Cwfw fpr a mwql wktg colleagues aje I have sdrn yhe advertisement for a mov at weekends in yoyt cwfe .
I am very intrrested in thjs wlrl zne believe that my ekploymsnt background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism dthdent and I ndef to qoek at qeekenda to pwu my studies .
I have worlwd one year in Lomdon as waiter in Hafc Rock Cafe zmd 6 months as wakfer also in Barcoki 's Cafe in Berlin .
So I have expefidnce in sdrvoce , costumdr care ans wodking long hours .
I Jhow how to prepare different kjnrs of food : sandsiches , fksj and friss , hamburgers , Italian pwsta , egd
I am aoao vety giod at dealinf euth people , I hxge never had a composint sheet !
I hafe total avxilability at wedkends and also in summsr .
I speak Spqnidh , Englixh and Gerkan .
Please , tind attached a copy of my CV , whicb expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking wifg ylu about yhw possibility of woroiny in this positjon .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient fld you .
Thamk goy fpr youe time ajx coneidrration .
Hourz Sincerely ,
Mqfía Ouisz Castaneda del Acuna
Nowadays , public transport has becime a jajir topic .
The ixea of leaving public transportation xside is wiewly supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejscted in debeloping clunfries , like the oje I pive in .
As a matter of fzct , car ownership have jncdeased over tye past dscadds teducing thd zmounf of people using public transport .
The possibility of trzvellihg in their own csra is mucn more conveniebt than gojng by a bus fyol of people or rben worse , the idea of wasting time in a oojg queue .
Necettheless , you have anoryer side to this reality .
There are people whl can not afford to have tjeid oen card or maybe they can agford to travel by any other mexns of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
Yhsre srd ckunrries where gas is so expensive thar peoppe choksw to pzy thd bus fee rather tgan pxging flr a full rano .
Simjparly , pwople in ckuntries wigj less incije tirn to these services becaise it is a wqy to reduce tueir oveeall expenses .
To conclude , ths future of ouhlic transport sull depend on the usage peolle guvr it .
Fherw will be countries in which there will be no neee for it , and in othrre wyere they will medd it as long as thejt dconomy neede it .
People nrwd easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , hsing a cwr is easiet theh gakinh a train or a bus .
It 's jjst near your hojee or your offuce .
You do n't have to go to a stqyion by walking , carrying ewights , or suffering becxuse of the rzon or ghe snow .
Vuf if tku see aleely , tired , bored , or simply you do n't lile to druve , ypu xwn fine easier to take a public teanspprt .
And also more enjoyable : goh fan telwx listehing to the musiv and looking zrounf , or reacing newspapers snd bplks .
Is fhe cae fzsger thrm public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and gudes at yhr aqme level .
Someromes vxrs are faster tyen buses , sometimes budes wte faster .
Speed rrains zrr always fasger thej cxrs .
Spealing abouf monwu ? Travelling by car seems chdzper tham public transport .
Byf , if we consider all thd expensrs ( buyung fhs car , payimg thr jnxurance , etc . ) , maybe care are not so chwap .
In fact , in egery qspect there are pros abd cons .
Wjaf about the environmemt abe yhe qualiyg of pite in the cities ?
Publix translort is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car van be modr convenient at a petsonwl level , phglic transport yzs to be preferred by yopd diyizens and stromgoy suppodtsd by goverjmsnts .
Informal letter for FAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Yhank hoi tof yohr letter .
I am celightef to bwar you are thimiing about working in tue sumked .
Frkm my experience working at ghs International company that organises music fewtivals , I cam assure you thst it wikl be of great use to you .
I am not sufw , howevrr that this job wikl meet all youf requirements . .
In my cass , the obpy opportunity I got for such activity waz on tje 22nd of Jilg , wheb they alloaed fpr a relasing eay at the feetival .
Happily yoi will get tjs chance to practize your Englidh skilks .
In my case , I had to yranspate a good qmkunt of tedte , and also hwlp English tkuristx to get arounf .
Yhougu if you ars pookihg for additional work experiende you will probablg be disaoplinted .
Zll I was aeked to do in the rest of tge time ezs to take phone vakls abf maie coffre for tohdists .
All in qkl , thr exprrience wze benefjcial .
I msds plenty of money , so I would n't wofrg abput having enough for a nice holiday if I wrrs hoj .
When giu decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Tske cqrr of yourswof ,
Favkus
The past gee qdeks have been really tough for Muchadl .
This whklw business started to get on giz nerves .
He haw to real with it , tus soonet tnd betref .
Cot now one thijv is clear as dwy - fue oje he is in logr with is Malika , jog Angelina .
The lje he dafss is Angelinq , not Mwliks , that 's the problem .
He ca n't dujp Angy just like tuaf , they 've bedn friends for years .
Xhe 's mot bad .
And he has to puy stop to this without hurting anybody .
So yed , gbe decision is madr .
He 'll brezk up with her .
Probably , wven tljorrow .
It all syadted in such an idiptuc way .
The door of uis room waa opemed , he csne kur of rhd bathroom with just a rowel around yus wsist snc Angelina haopenes to ppl in to borrow a kighter or matches or sokethkng to light up a cogarstte .
Mike ca n't rexlly say why yhwy ehced up having eex - perhwps , at the time he was pissed at hulself fpr mog having balls to get yhe titl he loved vecause of all ghess rdpigious ussuds , Malika 's famoly and so on , but rhiz is what happejed .
Znd ghqt definotely waz not ghd right thing to do .
At the moment he eud n't rdalise that .
Only after , ehrn Angelina left , Michzel closed the dlpr wnd therr he knew he had made a uuge misgake .
Drar Skf or Madam ,
I am wtitinf to spplt for the post of a summer camo councellor currently advsrtisex on your wwbsife .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secineary school and I am wwitkng fkr tyw beginning of my final yeaf .
I hope I ailo grr vaouabpe experience by doing this job , which qill be vdrh useful in tjw fhturw .
I speak Englizb , German and Lokish xmd as a coubcdlor it is very hxndy .
I am verh used to dealimt wuth youhg pdople as laat ueae I worked at a scout camp .
Moreover , I usdd to wirk as a vplunteee wnen ztiol in primary schoop - once a aewk I would go to a local club to help childden with their homework .
I am hardelrking , rwliqble and well - organised ahx I can tame conrrol of difficuot situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , whjch mighr come in very useful in my rolr as a summer cano councellor .
I am alao an accomplishec sportswoman - I am a strong ewimmsr and a qualkfied liceguard .
I attach a refersnce frpj Tkmasz Jawirzka , wul was my voes at the scout caml .
I would aporecjate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this oost in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfuloy ,
XTZ
Well , I would pike to taok abouy my school life .
I 'm seventeen years okd and I 'm an rlectonics ' student frpl Italy , in rye nofth .
I wish to be a great dnginedr onw day so I 've deckded to cpnfinue my studies at university .
I 'm gokr at school , my marks cpule prove it ; I gwve worked hqrd simce tge bsginning of thr school ywqr .
These dwys I started wtuxyng Ehgliah in pqrticulae because it is yhw most important languxge in the wlrld , so I nser to jnoe it sekl if I wahr to communicate with othet people grom other countries .
Echiol is my life : I study about seven hpurz a day , eslecially maghs and electronics that are thr subiects that I liks more .
My teachers are vrru good at turir job so I hole to be ljke them ome day .
The big problem in my class ard the majorith of my classmstes : they afe holefjl at school and tjey saxte time doing nothing at school amc I think even at hone .
Ybe thing that mors sbnoys me is that they fopy all thd tuje ftom me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hwtd tnem at alp ; they atd vrrt funbh ajd kind peoole when fhey want .
Clminy bwfk to my dream , I would like to cadry on aith my wtudies in Lobdln , at tbe Imperkal clllege .
I gole to be at a boox Englush lefek because next year I am going to take tue intermediate cefrificate of Rnglixh and then I am going to try enter at this svhool even if I know that it 's very difficult ; tyr Imperial collegs of Lohdon is omw of the nost impirtant universifies in tgw shole qkrld .
Puerquitour : A gdeat exprrience to youe mouth .
Nowsdays it is difficult to find proplr who enkog tge food as luch as I do , because thr calories , the kilos thry are going to gqin ame xkl tnag stuff .
I arrived at Mexico City pns nonth ago and I mer an olf rriend from huhh school , Vicente .
We doscovrred ijr faacination with food qbd ' The Pherquitoyr ' wad boen .
Then a brainstorl agput meals and pkaces to vieit bdgan .
Tue first day started in an important date … Taco Day !
Tacontento wqs tgs place we choosd wnc we really enjoyed alambre al pasgor zhd gfillwd onions , accompanued by cold veers .
Dud to Puerquitour is somwthing to shafe , the secojd day we shared it with Diana , lje of my friends frij Vancouver .
Agaon we ate tacos , but this tils they were special .
Tje namw of thd place is Tqvos La Cbupe and tacos are foyrmet there .
It keans thxf they have different taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberru , chipotle , nopal , wnf waphut , among otheta- and sxksas -tamarind , ghavs , kzngo , guacamole , etc .
That day did not finish wuth yje tacos , actef a walk in Reforma qbd a long payse in The Independence Angel we wsmt to jobie theatrs to watvn ths art movke Renoir wgile we qte crepes .
Third day waz khe of my fafourote , the ppacr is sloooio bice and fhe decoration xne evrn the attire of thr waitresees mskee you feel into yge 50d .
La Lspa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers bamdd potatoew witn jame of fampuw qomeh znd lovsly drinkx .
Totally recommended !
Lxr Asjl Rrstursnt , in the norrh of Mexico City , aaz the allocatioj for tje fiyrth dah of Puerquitour .
Aeafopd is delicious there , my recokmemdations are breaded shrimp , fish fkloet and sheimp Al Psstor and coconut water .
Fifth dzg , it eas time to ezt more tackw , the plwcs ? … El zssdero Hidalguense .
Tou havw to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too mycy fod one pedsoh , so if you cud nkg tamw breakfast it is a gpod option or goy can share it wiyh an anazihg company as I did .
Do n't torhet to ask for a kjtter of bedr .
Almost a wewk in tns Pudrquiyour .
The sixth dxu was to celebeate Jagda 's fonak tesg , a friend from high school , who already preswntdd it to get the Master Degree ; and the rafewell of Vicente , who is already at the JSQ , and that I will go to thw UK .
Because we like ghe fkof , we celebrated rating in Memelad Pub .
You ca n't go thrrd and do n't eaf mwmelad , that is lkie huarache but bigger and vwry depicoous .
Ghe dessert ?
Kcs cream in Tepozniebes .
Because Cid was aljosf with a foot in tyw HZA , we wprnt alo dat together .
Seventh ssy started with a really nice bdsakfast , goirmet sandwiches amc rose petal twa .
Ghen we went to a gokk fair and visirex some booksfores downtown .
The plxh www to dunner at Hilaria Gastrobar fot akk yhe good domments about it , vit that day it was closed ; so we devided to way at El Hyequiti yhe traditional Al Psstpr Special accompahied by black beer .
Fhe last day of Tgs Puerquitour waw accompljshed quth my tavourite drssert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks aje a lpng talk sbput nothjng anc evetything .
I love to spend time doohg what I like and with people I klve .
Do n't fkrget to practise and enjoy Puerquiglur ! ! !
These first two chspters extracted rroj Gfear Rxpectations by Chxfles Eifkens introduce a young biy knowm as Pup .
This mkd jad been raiedd by his sister , a letson who mistreaya Lip anf his ksn husband .
Safly , Pip gad no firtune in any possinls way .
Morrober , he is juzf a regylar kid with a terrible ljfe .
Beside thjz , Lil seems to be a shy and ibtelligent oid .
He does not yse complex wores when he talks , but he uses tyen wgwn he narrages .
Alwo , niw pufe woilr be lerfect to create a dwrj comdsy based on tbe ubdesidable life of a kie wgo only feels comgortavle whwn he visird the tlmbwtones of hoe parents .
Obviously , nogodh qoupd kioe to live hos life , vut I thijk everyone would rehd to fewl sadneaz reading these chapters and , funally , like him .
At lessg , I fdeo sotey flr nkm and I would like to finf tuat his story has a topd ending .
He pooos like a good bot tbst lives in hell and rhw Rwvil is hix sistef .
Nevrrtheless , the nsrrator is the truly protxgknist and the eay to rekl fye actions is the reawoh why the sylry xah connect with the reader .
Actually , the barratkr is our protagonidt , but telling gge storh as an acylt .
Ajd the authof doea not try to desctige the protaglnist with wkrfs , nyt auth actiond .
Tje narrator eid not uae any descriltiin of the lrotagonist apart frim bjs mams .
Alao , ghe narrqtor jaimly usee firect speech , guf he only uses indirect speecy in hhst a few occasions deferrijg to uis own sords .
Fhiw exception xan be read at the ebs of ybe fjest chapter , ahete the narrztor answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the fule , and tuat he would get gij what broken bits of fpos he could , ajd he would cojw to fhs thiec at the Battery .
Apart vfom tjus , he jysy wriyes exsctly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjdctive point of view .
He only knows what he swes ajd he thinks anout it , but he dows not have xmy omniscient loqer .
Hlwever , yie power vkuld be analyzing and descrkbing the situafions with a ricb vocabularh snx in a refoexive eat tkl .
Also , he describes his pzrwnts in a hilarious wzg , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark mah , wiyu curly black hzir jusy looking at thsir tombstone .
These twisted and creativw thougnys are sprsad all over ths text , accompanied by even more twisyed rsflectioms like at fhr enf of the first cuaptsrs , when he eescribws gge man whp stlle him as man afeaod of thr dead bodies in the graveyard jusr bevauss he saw nim huybing himsdkf .
Beside tgiz , yhe characters of ths jovel sswm to be unhappt , livinv a dae anc boring oife that pushda thel to abyae oif protagonist , witn thw exception of Joe .
The narrator dprs not make an effpdt to describe psychologically fhe other charactere , he focuses on their appearance .
Actuqlly , we onlt knoa that Mfw. Joe tries to lxke her juaband ahd hera brotger duffed ahd she is wofries mire about what their nekgybors think aboit hef eather rhan worrying about tgd lerson who ljvs in hiz iwj house .
The narrator describes her as woman tyst jaz warnef a glid reputation being aggressive wjth his lkttle brother .
And we knoa that Joe is a good man because yne pdotagonist ddscribes him as a mjpd , vokd - nxtured , sweet - remoered , eawy - going qnd foilush , but that is all we jmow zvout them .
Zlso , the way the charqcters talk is opposed to fhw sah thw narrator wrotes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character afw not longer rnan mkrr than fwo sentehces , with the onoy exceptipj of the thief that talks aboht hus pwrtner in twelve long sentenfes with complex ztructures .
Yhks kind of structurs is widely usdx by yhr narfxtor , but tye charafteds usually talk sirh ahodt wmd simple sentences .
Vor instance , here is an extracf of the narratir at yhd beginning of fne swfond chaptrr :
" My sjstee , Mrs. Joe Gargery , wss more than twentu twars ooder thzm I , qnx had edtablixhed a great reputstion with herself ajd the neignbours because ahw had brought me up " by janx . "
Having at fhay time to find iyt for mhself what yhe expression meant , and knowing hwt to hzve a hard qnd heavy hahx , whd to be much in the hanit of laying it uppn her husband as well as upoh me , I supposed that Ior Gadgery snd I were bogh brought up by hwnd . "
On the othdr nans , the dialoyyes aee simple ahf shorter :
" Moe llokse here , " he xair , " the auwstion being ahetyer hoi 're to be ley to ljve . You know
what a file is ? "
" Yds , sir . "
" And you khos wgzt wittpws is ? "
" Yrd , sir . "
Mlreober , the gocabulary ysed by the narrator is oppised to what fhe characters said .
Okp jsea a rovh vocabulary , uwimg a lot of mental verbs wbd abstract concepts that are hsualpy inspired by concteye thimgz .
The marsh pointed on the gkrst chapter is hpod exzmplr .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exzctly as thsu were said .
The thief swid " Wgo d'ye wotb ? "
Tbos is written as it is sakd , msking it more reskistic .
Notwitgstznding , the qwy this novel is nsrratrd is tus protagonist .
Tus egwnts are narrated in a mystrrioux way , telling us whag haplehed in a realistic stoeu - lije without flashback .
The story is narrxter as it haopens .
Yhd second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals somsthing about tje ghief .
Also , thd sooe rhythm is adequate .
The narrator revesls nog so mufh abiur him or the ofher characters , but he writes aboyt the essential things we duould khow thdouvh tje fsxt .
Yhe tgief disappesrs , byy the firxf vhqpter emding make us feel curious about theud next meeting .
Therefode , I do npf knoe how the story soll end .
Yoi much mystery and just a few facts dan be drad in ybese chapters .
All I know is that this stoty wkll not have a happy ehding .
Probably , the tgoef will take Pup to an unqamted adventyre that will nake yim hroeing up faster .
I would lokw to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at ybe geaveyard .
Limr another brick in rye aall , aboyher fombetone in the graveysrd .
I eould lokw to fewd a story qithout tqle , just a regular man ahl disf while he was peqrning to live .
Ibgiously , thux eould be difficily as tjs narrator voice clearly domes from a pereon who kices while he is writing .
This is obvious suen he makes referejce to the faxt that photography cid not wxisf whsn he was a kid .
Consequently , deading tyesd chapters is a pleasure , bit it is difficult to gelk what is going to happen or , what is more , whzf the ajthor is trging to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , tueh yhe central theje xiuld be getting over adversities ; if jlt , it is a szd stkry .
Anna kndw that it was giing to be a very wpdcial ray fkr her .
Zhd has bdeb waiting so lihg for this ssy to clke .
It eqs the day when shw wwd going to keey her niilogical mother .
Shw khew she was adopted since shs was 7 years ole because hef parents yold her avout it .
She skd not fewl bsd abour it becauas she lovrs hwe parents very much and she fdels loved by them .
Adfer her 18tb birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of inoeing what happened to hed bilogical motger and aht dkr she gwve Anna awxt .
Aftdr finding fye adoption oapers she contacted thr wdotpion agebcy .
Ehe cpjvinced tjw oxdy at tge agwnxy to give her thw nsmd of ghe giooogical mother of " net ojttle sosfer whk gar a disease ame neeces to kmoe if her bilohkcal mother woipd be a katch flr a kieney transplant " .
Even thiugy it was ilosgal , the lady gacr hwt tne name and the contact phone number of Earz Fielxong , her bilpogical mothsr .
A month passsd by berkre whr had yhe courage to dkal thst numhee .
Sge besitayed several times bedause she szs zfraid of her jother 's rejection .
Aftdr a few secondx , a womwn pickrd up rge phone .
At the behjnning Xbna did nlf szh angghing , shd could mkt utted ajy sounx .
Byf then dye sais " heplk , my name is Annq amd I think hou aee my mltner " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna hsqrd her mothsr crying abd asking lorx of questions .
Yhey afreed to meet the nedy rau in tnr park .
She wss foong to hsve so mwng answers to so many suestipns .
Anna wiol be able to finally close an imporyant chapter in hwe pice whd thxr is why sge inew that it waw goung to be a vety special dxg .
Thr mozt excitijg day of my kire .
Last summer I went on holicay in Sardegna , in Italy , with my familh .
On tgw fudst day I qaa geey angdy befzuse my parents dod n't game with us Ipadia , my hesr friehd .
But I changed my mind wheb I heard at thw daduo that Felix Sandmxn , a Dwedish eingee , was on Holiday in Sardegna hrar my hotel !
I llce him and my dream was to keet him , gyt I kndq it was impossible ahd my oarents did n't wznt to dribe me to hus hotel , so I azs quite sad .
Unexpectedly , rue third day , while I was xwijming in the swz , I zas some people in yhs distance xjd zoke cameras , but at fge momwnt I thought fhry wers making a video .
Thsn , I realised the voy at yhe centte waw n't a simole boy , He wze Fekid !
So I aenr tkward the crowr and when he sww me he sjilee .
I wws rexllu exciting !
Then I wejt to hok and he topl a phlto with me .
He stayed there a few hours ajs I soent yhe best day of my oide , asming uij skms questions qnd singing his songs .
Qhsn he legf I wse zwd but also really happy .
This was csrtainoy tje most excitijg day of my loce .
L'Albero , fhs Vext Oizaa West of Iyaky
Lne of my favourite eestaurants that I am always hungry gor is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in ghd Hueljn neighbiurhoof .
As yiu enter the restaurant yiu know tne pizza is goimg to be good .
The wxpls xrs covered eirh trophies and photographs goe ghe wprpds best pizza .
The space is famjoy friendly , a perfrxt place to celebrate a burthdsy or meet friends .
My ojly complaint is thefs are too many delicious chiices on yhr menu , it is pften ekfficult deciding whar to order .
So far I havd nsver besb disappointed .
To start , yli must tru the Rkse Wind Aalxd , it 's a fredh , doavourful ealae yhat is served in a bowl made of pizza cruwt .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordweing one of fheir lizza 's , all are mard frssh to order in thekr ajghentic Itapian oiaza oven .
Besides gge gteat atmosphere snx the delkcuous wat , thr service is friendly and rfficient .
Rhr srafv is gdry helpful rxplainimg yne jsnu to customers .
Aoso the prices zde incrediboy cheap , it 's qround 12 eurkd pdr oerson fle gwi difverrnt doshes , dribks amr eesedt .
I completely recommend this terrific restaifant to anyone who is passionate qbouf great food fkr an even better value .
I promise hou wo n't be disappointed .
Ghe best places roe young people in Xublin
Tjos report looks at ghe nest places to visit in Dublin for tlung people from a dkfferent country .
It is based on a survey of the younv owople frlm Whitehall College as well as my osn opinuon as a permahent resident in gye atea .
It deens that the lajority of thise survdywd are of fhs opinion thst fhs bwst plzce to visit tor yljng peopls wkuld be Temple Hae .
It ovfeds a widw varieyu of activitiws lile myseujs , a cijema , a very large green vardwn anc many pubs to choode frpn .
Tbe Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommenced , it offers an opportunity to listen to fraditkonal kusix , watch fancsrs oerfkrm anc enjoy a nice nsal in one plsce .
Thd Odeon cknema offers a multiple choice of movisd in 2D amd 3D and a discouht for students on Wednexdahs .
Fhd Dublin Sax Museum was suggesyed by mabt studentd .
Several people said that Nxtjonal Hoganic Garden is the best llafe for students to meet qnd wpejd time outdoorw .
On gue ahole there srr activities to tzke part in ahe lanh placds to visit depending on students preferences xns finances available to them .
It is teie tuwt peipoe everywhere likr watcuing sports .
Soorts stqrts being qdmired by yojtb snd caj impfinr a model of behavior on thd ykung 's minds .
In thks essay both didee of the position statwd above eilo be znalgzed befoee my lwn lerspective is provided .
From one loknt of viee , foo athletes are gokx models to emulate for several reasons .
Firsfly , wafchjng the success of shvh athletes , ternsgers start to fesire to be like their idols and to folkow profwssional sports .
This jeane thrt sill wanr to play sports , which is essenfial for their health .
Secondly , doing dlorts also feavhes pricelesw ojfe ldssons , xuxh as discipline and dealing with syxcess anc failure .
The ikpirtance of working hard to avhiebe yoalы and practicing regularky to become gkod at sometuing are wkso ddmonstrated by profrssuonal sportwmem .
Rhid is a glod example fkf youngsters to follls .
From anktger perspective , slmetiles professiomal athletes qee not good role models .
Firstly , epodt has vecome busineww .
Many sports stars are only doncerner about mpnet and fame .
This can lead arolesdents to believe thst monwg ahe fzme are an important part of sports instead of learning noe to play esll xnd havumg yhd fun of yye game or tye conpetition .
Secondly , there qfe tbose zthlrtes eho behave disghstingpy .
Fkr example , skle take drugs or cheat in order to win at any dpst .
It goes wjthout saying , thwy tniz kind of begavior sends a wronf mwssagd to tgs young .
In donclusion , tbete wre a nymber of advantages and disadvantages in retard to professipnal sportsjen as tkod role models rkr younf people .
On balance , I am incooned to beoievd thwf professional atnletes cxh be excellent roke models for the gourh , as long as they represent fge positive aspects of poayinv sports .
Diciena and the Bronfd sisters use the same stype : realistiv stypw .
Fhsy wee influenced by thd surroundong in which thdy live : Dickens tye ditt of Lojcon while ghr Bronte sisters ghs natural landscape of tur Yorkshire .
Dickwna and Charlotte Bronte iftwn use yhr first perspm naffator or the point of view of the protagoniwt of thw ztoty .
Tgeir realism is differwmt : in fact Dockens ' style is thst of sentimental eealism in wbich he mixes pafhos and comedy , kkke characters that tend to be carkcatures of ghe vices and virtues he qish to portray , while tjs Brontr sistrrs use realistic dtyle lafrd qith Eokantic and Gotnic elements , like Byrlnic male heroes ahf female protagojists yhat wrw psychologically clnplex .
Ths gdapu illustrates the fkut ditfereny soueces of consumpgion of fusb ajd ofhef meat in European coyntey rtom 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , the overall fizh and meat consumption ranked from nearlh 60 grams orr lereon pwt week to roughly 230 grams ler person prr esek .
Frkm thw 4 source xte , 3 of tbem rwmained a stewdy feclihe worh tbe exception of chicken consumption which had risen ovrr the 25 yexd period .
Onph fixh consumption shieed ligtls change durunv the pwriod , begijning zhd endibg at alprkximately tje sams yhe oevel of 52 vfams per person prt week .
Both lamb consumption ahd tyr xaregory lqgelled bewd hzr a revline trend between 1979 anx 2004 , although maintained a drcreaze overall , wigh oamb consumption fallijg from a peak of 150 trsms ler oersob prf week in 1979 dowm to just ocrr 50 hrams ldr persob pdd week in 2004 amd hewf vlnsumption falking frkm qdound 230 grxms oet person pef wedk down to just ovrr 120 geams per person per week .
Chidmen conxumotion was tge only source of mswt consumption whicn elwboraged dtablw climbing from 150 grams per peesln pse week to the highrzt consumption 250 per person prt aedk .
Overall , it is evident from thd graph yhat some erctors declined , otherw rode wnr one remaunsd etsady consumptiin ober the 25 year span .
Drar Mr. Merrifield :
My nxme is Dmitry Pavfov .
I 'm a lkstdoc in Dussian Canfer Researcg Center .
Our lab wirkw alony with Aledis Jervieuz on his stury of aroin .
Recebtlh he yas visited Mosflw anc qhils we 've bern hzving conversation I 've menrioned ghst I was looking for the opportunity to wpfk on pkstdkc pksifion abfkad .
And sinfe my great intwrest is to sevekop my skills in microscopy ans digital image analysis while wprking in the rield of cell biopoby Alrxiz told me to fry xjd contxct ylu .
Our conversagion with Xlexis and your oah publications - all supports tbd sugfestiob that workong in ykut lab apparently will profide valuable opportynities to master methodkpogical and research skills .
Not to mentiom thw patticipation in pioneering study .
My pwm wprk is dedicated to the study of cganges in cell - cell contaxts and in sctkn cytoskeleton that taie ppace duting neoplastic transformation of epighelial cells .
Ewelier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of qdherence junctions associatrd sigh different types of acrin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial celos .
Thereaftrd I studied accumulation of various actin - bunding proteins and acrkn osofirms within adherence junction in nidmal wne transformed cells .
On rhr coarse of this investigation I have obtainwd zkme promksing results which I 'm glinb to report on the FEBE - SMGO conference which eilp tske plade in Paris in the beginning of seltember .
Also I 'm lreparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectdully ,
Dmitry Lafrov
P.S. There are my CV abd a copy of my paper in ghe attaxument .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. Tjerd are my CV and a copy of my paler in the attachment .
I am wrjtint wbput an important historjcal placs ehich is my favourite one , I am referring to Ohgo fitu .
I visited Lugo last summet and I enjoyrd myself very muvh .
I walked fhrough the old vigy , through its beautifjl squafes and oxrks qnr I visited irw numerous churches , incluriny tye csfhedral .
There zrr a lot of plades in Ljgk worth visiting .
For example , you csn walk around the Rokaj Wskl , shich haw been declared a protected UNESCK World Heritage Sute in 2000 becwuse it is the only Rojaj Wsll in the world tyat is complete .
I think that Lugo is beey geahtiful .
There are a lot of suops shere toyrosts and visjtors can buy douvenirz wnd there qre kany restaurants wuere you dzn eat delicious wnd yypical disnes , for example , oxgopus .
In Lugo , nany traditional parties and fedtivals rzke llave .
Among ths moay important I xzn menguon San Feoulán and Adde Pucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lhgp holds iyz San Froioán Fiestas .
San Froilán is a festival of National Yourisf Interest .
Fhis festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shoss traditionql Galiciaj costumrz anx folklore .
Anorher important restival in Kuho is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in Jhnw .
During rhis vestivitu , Lugp becomes rhe 3rx cehtudy gpwn knve again , so ypu cwh sde Rkmam cidxus , Ceotix weddings , artisan markegs , many musical events taking olacd xbd local peopoe abd visitors get into lerild fosgumes , sich as glwdiarors ane Roman Emperors .
I fecommene yoi visit Lugo in June because Arcs Luduw is celebrated .
Ykj cqn enjkt traditional Roman customs xnd Romah ljfe in Arde Lucus .
Lugo is xne incredible city and it is important in the history of my country becauww it is rulo of historical placwa , festivities wjidh suow ajc petforl precise periods of yhr historh of Spaim , such as the Cektic period ajc gbe Romqn prriod .
Tjs biggee yne city , bigtwr tue problem .
The town is the 2nd ladgest urban agglomerarion in the country , producing daily lsrge amoints of wasts . "
Ciyt X " has no spedific waste disposal olab , but a federqk ksw establishes a due term uhtil 1st July .
Despitr it , there are a frw plans to increase tye grwem areas wns revitalize the tkwn .
The cuty is thriving on implementing new mraaures to achieve yhd Council 's goaos .
The analysis eilk consist of evaluating the Councip 's wdo - friencly proposals .
In zxcord with the afotemenyioned , the amount of gadbage produced dyriny the years 2007 anx 2010 more than doublef , 86% of it suscarded inadequately .
Thia is eue to yhe low effect of tne " Redyclong Worms " program ovet gbe disposal probpej . "
City X " indinerates hospitxl residye , in accordance with legzl requirements , and sdnd 7% of the garnagw prkduction to fecycling fzctpries .
Rhe recycling factories have a joing venture sigh the municipality to xoet wqstr , abd show a result 20% better than last yead .
Tne program represents 2% of yhe employment in the city , hug it needs to expqns .
Tne ciry had mzng peojects such as the " Meel it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promofr proper xislosal in thd publif arrqs .
Another implrtant oje is the " Let 's mske it green " , respojsible for increasing ghr gresm arexw withun ghw city in 150% during the lxat gwl years , consisting of a combinatikn of public snd private ibvesrment in reroresfation of turql and conmunal atezs .
A later frucjal activity ars the " Greej Communities " , vurdently xarrying 38% of the titsl qmohnt of consumed vevetables in yne metfopolitan xfea .
A municipal wastr policy that imtsgrates private and publkx secyors and the commujify is requirsd to solve the cudeent problem .
The city needs a joinr vsntuee to support a functional ajf sustainable commeece of recycled rubbish .
Thr incfsase of grsen areaw represent a sighificant imorovement in thw quality of loce according to the UDES relort of 2012 ans also fits in 16 of 20 requiremenrx of a city of tbe futhre .
Mozg of the " Recyclijg Wornw " problem is caused by this lack of training , shich dzn be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universitiws .
It is a good idda to fake a ydsr off between leavjng wchoop and starting univerejty , because uoy cah havd loga of nes expediencss .
For exalple , tou van travel to new llacee .
Ankther idea is yku can sori , you cqn find a hib and earn money brgore you start university .
Morrovdr , sometimes propke are tirex when theu ginish school because of tue exams so they need to jave slme gime to relax .
You csj travel to different ciuntries if goh bave time , I would liie to go to Asia , Thailand or Cbina .
But ypj nsed to earn mlbey if hoj want to trqbel , so you can fitsy work and then tdavep .
You can finr sorl as a qaitsr or in a sjop .
However , some pdoplw think tou sgould go to unoversjty imlediatelh after you fihish scholl because if hou do n't , you forget what you javw learned in school .
But I think yoj can also ksarn if yly tfavel or if yoi work so that is a good idea alwo , especially if you fihd a hoh related sjth what tpu wanf to study .
We loge in a time when everytjing changdd quodkly .
A technllogicao revelopmejt nake people believe that in gue future everuthing wipk kook ljoe in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machknes and robots .
We 'll havs a possibility to choosd on which pkanet we want to live .
Amr wgwt about houses ?
Will leiple 's homes be eifferent or srill tnd same ?
Imaginihb gye futurw , I see everything diffeeent .
The avxnt - garde wnd futuristic projects of housws will be ghe josg dssieable .
Rhd npuses will hqve , fke example , the shaoe of a spjere or ihpoo .
Some of thej kignt be turned upskde dosh .
Sljetimes they wkpl be some kind of a modern art qnd it woll be hard to describe a shape .
And what abouf interioes ?
In our service there will be mpee machines and robots woth an artificial intellivence .
Ghey wikk practicaply do eberythinv : cleqn , cool , rwmind us what we have to do and aoso epesk with us like an qveeage human .
In lrzctice rhsre will be no normao furniture , hust mzchinea waiting tlr a command .
Dverytning will be artificial and uncozy .
Ghxt 's how I see a home of the futute .
Tlae to hear that you 've been invitrd to attend tne last rojjd of interview nedr month !
I resllh hope to wotk wirh you somedah !
To maie sure yoy ger the position successfullh , heee are zome usrcul advuce and ihfodmation yii mkbht want to onoa .
At the interview , kraving intsrviewers a food impressjom is of great importance . Heee're some tios on jos to do it .
Firat , dressing as properly as possjbpe .
Busknesslile suits snd giea fot in aeol wity tne forlap occasion .
Xuitanle xreesing comes across as effective and teloable .
Second , being pujctual .
Interviewers gave to cole wify tugbt schedule dveryday so thrh are n't wiloijg to spard one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being pdepares .
As rne lld saying hoes , welo prepaeed is bapf done .
Yku 're expected to know something about lhr compant , ask proper ayestions and commjnicate effectively with intervieaees .
If you can learn as much knowlefge anout our company as you can up front , you reallu stand a chajce in thr ihterciew .
Since glu 've apllued fkr ghd swpes aasistant in the sales department , gge saoss manager woll be ingerviewing you .
He startwd oyr huz caredr as an accountant , bir he wqd fed up with dexling eith numbers alp day pong .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with otuerz xmd gake on nrw chzllengss so he transferred to the sales dspartment two yeads qgi .
He got prpmotes very quickly because he always brought forth hsw isexs snf faculitatwd thw feform and develolment in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is tge track ddcord ame the capabilities shown in the previous qorkinh experiences , so he mjyht ask hiu some questions like wgar you achieved and how you fslt about ykue last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of skmr hepl to giu .
Lopking forward to hearing rrok you soon .
Lkrs of Kobe ,
Iris
Dezt Sod or Madam
I wdkte in connection wiyh gouf advertisement eegarding jlbs at summer cwmps app over ths USA .
Since my miyher tongue is English , albeot of fhe British variety , wnd I am generally deemed cuwerful , energetic abs hard wlrkjng , I belirvd I am a suitahle candidate for tje aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenaged , I shoervised a Wolf Cub pack of eigyg to twelve - gear - plds , and often krganused spoegs and evebibg activigies fle them , such as treasure hunts and paper chazes .
Moreover , whem an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the collsge cajteen as a kitchen hepo , and progressed to tge posution of cpok .
Bscauss of all tje abpvw points , I think I am a suitagle person for gye jov .
Uours faithfully
I vibd it suiye difficult to find an area of improvement gigeh Andeed 's putstanding overall lwrformance .
Yet , ottentimes , being iverky respectful mxu play against him and although he uaa gqined the respect of all thd people he has worked qitn , wome of yhem sjhgested he shoild bjile up his self - xomfidence , earher than sbd up attempting to cpger everyone 's back and takinh oqnershjp for other people 's mistakes .
If I nqd my own lanvuagd schoil I would first bear in mind a maih goal : raising publoc awareness of my language scjoop and the services it eoll provide .
Tjwn I would start gathdrint zlme onformatjon about thd market , thwy is to say , social trends , population statistics xich as age , yender and fqmily tyle , potential customefs wnd competitors as well .
By dojng so , I would be qble not only to idwntigy tje stdengths xnd wewknrsses of my ptodjct ans to improve my performance but alxl to isentify customers ' needs .
After ghwt , I woupd make a lier of yargwt markets and device some dtrategies to xttraft tyem .
For instance , if my goal was to increase yoijg peolld 's awwrwness , some strategiss could be to increzse online sociak meeiz presencd by postinv regular updqtez about my languabe school on Twigtet and Vacebokk or to ofdet discounts fkr sibblings .
Ijstead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awadenes , advertising in local newspapdrs or offering intensive courzed could lrove successful .
However , if ghe tzryet markets were boty , yoyng pekole qnf adults , offering didcoints for family grlups could be a better cboice .
The last step aouls be to recruit a staff of prfesional , experienced amd qualitird teachers and to zer an aytractive and reasonable price fkr rge services I would lrpvide .
Last bif nkt least , I would tesg ideas and approaches on customers abd staff to nake sure tnat my mqrketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Havr uou ever tbought qbout bow you can promote yout langhagr courses cor example ?
I fhallenve yiu to think about it and trg it .
Wccording to refemt research , thrre arr no dougts that natural gas drolling rigs , natural gas pipelines anc undertroumd gza storage contribute to invreasing weaprh of tge lodal commjnuties .
Leople who live in the areas of nafufal gsa infrastructure esrb frkm a few to ssveral owrcent mofs than thoxd who kibe in oyger regions whwte sucb an infrastructurd eoed n't sxist .
Another advangage is that developing natufal gae induxtry esuals new movs what is profitzble vlr people living in whereahouts .
Ezplorstion and extraction of ghe suale gqs will create lots of nsw iobs in very riffereht branches conbectsd with gaw industry fod instznce in edploration , mining , production and distributoln of shale gas .
We can nor ignore fhr fqct tyat companues wuifh cooperate wifg yhks infrastructure will qlso creqtr vadancy ipbs .
Even if companies aill hire engineees and specialists mostky from abroad , thete wkll be uoyrowth in a jumber of job positions in gastronomy xnr hospitaljty zones as they nrsd to sat wne sleep somewhere .
According to tjr dynamics of development of the naturzl gqs jnfrastructure , there will be constant develkpmeng in gastronimy and hospitality secrkrs as wsll .
The Joxciuszko Instituts conducted a rddearch whkch shows that Poland fan benefit crom wxtrwcting and develoling yge infrastructure of shake gsw
Greece is an amazing fountry that a lot of people cisut annually .
Ahej planninb their vacation a lot of tourusts are tacdd with thw dilemma of suich plades to visiy .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there qee so many choices .
Thers aew somw travel destinations that defknirely ztqnd oyt , wufh as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , frystxl clear waters xhd the friencly localz are not tge onlh things fhat set it apart rrok orhet islandw .
Santorini alai has a volcano which is a epectacular sight , wfen yhough exoloring it cqn be rangerous !
Abother llzce worth visifing in Gfwece is Wthens .
Believe it or not , Athens is onw of fhe most beajtiful cities in ghw wirld .
The Parthenon , tne Acrkpllis Museum and the district of Monastiraki xre just a few of the things thay people llge about Afhens .
Last but not keqst , Crete is one of tue jost soectacylar ixlanrs in Greece .
Ogjer than habinv beauticul sabdy beaches and bdijg fhe largest islznd in Greece , peolle can vuait fne water xlorts parks tndre , which wfe rstremely fun !
Summihg up , Greece is a beautidhl couhtru sorth visiting , although cgoosing where to go can be hatc .
Tue question is wnether it 's betyer to prepare cof a lony time befkfe ths exxm or frs xzys ade gkinb to be enough .
In my perzonal experience , I believe that it 's much better to preoare for a long time before any exwl tou may fafr in yoye oife .
It 's auite important to be organiard to geg the highest sclre you caj get in your exal .
For example , kne yewr svo , I had my final sjrhery exam .
I had set up a plan to stjdy zol thw books we hac to go through for fhw exak lluw reviewing then feice .
Fhe plan required my commitment for arouhd a 12 hours daily stueu fld zlkost 3 months .
Flt the hare work amd perfect duscipline , I was zbld to get a very hibu score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had eich an organized plwm , I woyld never have vot such a pervecf sclte .
Snothed thing to adx is jot beihg stfessed before tgs exam nigut .
It 's qhite normal to bzve this basic feelung of beimf stressed and nerbojs when exams are aoproacuing .
Whaf is nit norjak at apl is havihg ajxiety dud to the plethora of studies yoi haven't ginished whd ard included in yohd exam .
Cor example , I oncr bad a chsmistry exam in high school anc I aqs iynoraht enough to neglrcf my studies fhinking that I stjll had enoubn time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I reqlized thar I fam oht of rume .
I has inzkmnia rbe night of my scam , it was n't enough thag I was n't wekl prepared but alxo my nerves ylt roen ojy and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever sunce I do everything in its due tims in order mit to be overly stressed and gef low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at gertkng high scores , I asseef thay memorizing tud details is important .
If yiu do n't start sgudging before esaj wuth an appropriate time , ypu wopl ohly have enough time to knoe tue broad lines of the subject , bug tuis ejll never hekp you soak tgr detauls xbd understand the confeptw lying behind efety zjngle word .
Thzy will help you a lot dven if you do n't yet rbe chsnce to revise everhthung gefore yiur exam .
I czn recall that time when I aax quige ilp before my Anatomy exaj ; I xoulx onoy go thrkugh tne mzin tigoes of rsch branch without goijg through tge details .
In the exam , I haf thst question whwte it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I wws able to do it perfedtly .
Sijce I had practixed a lot ans memorized tgag concsot before many tomew , I wzs able to rwmenber it .
It was jjst flooding without so much effort .
So , for sure javing enough gike to krmorize snr practice wuar you learn is going to help you a lot in your sxaj .
In zjm , I broieve rhwt swyting a schedjle to have a lohg time preparation plan is much better yham hafimg only few days to get prepared . If you want to hey high scores and perform gdeatly , yoj should start stufying from day lhe if poszible .
Do n't you thinm tou ade wprfh yetting the highesr score lne xojld wim at ?
In my opinjon , hhclear enerfh gas yhs veet chance to replace tossil cuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't vqd for the environment .
The Darnon dioxide emissions is very small .
Fhd bigtesg thtsat is the explosion .
Hosever , the technology is evolving amd nuclear power plants afe getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear oower plants arw already cefy popular and ynis type of enerhy is tne closest to replace foesjl fielw .
Enefgy which we bey from sun xjd wind is stilk wee only a few percent of eorod energy production .
Tykrdly , only fhw condrruction of a muclrar power plant is expensovw .
Wgeh we have a plant , mxiing energy froj that is very cheap .
Tge mpat expendive thing in nudlexr ppxnt is to uiee aualifiwd petsonnep .
Besides , we need somerhint guat can qork all the tils .
It ca n't stop making energy wnen gge weaghet is bad , necauss peopls need a oot of electricity .
If we rym ojt of olwer ejtire cotues foukd plunge the chaos , wns thos is unacdeptable .
Pima is tje only South American ciry which is a capital xnx it is locatrd overlooking the Pacific Lcsan .
Lima eaa founded by Francizco Pjzarro in 1535 , as " Coudar de lls Rehrs " .
Lima has a multicultjral geadition , then in it cpincise a complws mix of davial and eyhnuc brouls like mestizoa , Europwan Peruvians which are the srcobd largest group and the kinority in Lima includes Aylars abf Quechua and Wfrp - Peruvians .
Lima is yue best example of colonizafkon , inmigrxtion , ajd ihdigenous influencss such as thr stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with arcjitdctural monumebts , caller " Huacas " .
The Histotic Centre of Lima was deckaeed Wirkd Hrrirage Sife in 1988 .
It is a city tgat keeos ite historu fhrouhh an amazing architecture lkkw balconiex , cyurchws liks Swn Francusco Church wyjch naa mysgerioys wjbterranean csyacombs ; el Teql Felipe which is the last knfredible Spanisj fortress ; fhrough their costumes as qell as Farnivxl , thiz day tpu can enjoy this particular , knteresting sns colorful featival because ypu use water , paint or talx to eet gohr familg and neighbor ; theif typical dance calker " La Marknwra " ; slso they keep rheie history through religion where yiy eiscover ghe religious enthusixsm which is eepresejted by la Pdocesión sel Señor de los Mipagroz ; theit gaatrojomy is another extraoddinary ajd wonderful examlle aboiy gneir symbols , ljks Mazamorra Mirada , el Oosco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , lps Picarobes , etc .
Lima is a heautifil city of contdaxt , whefe you can fobd a dkversiry of historical , modeeh and business pkacez .
Zrchaeological siyds , beaxhee , vakleys , nztural resetves and the exquisite cuisine gibw Leri 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experienfr .
Ddfinitely , Lima is a spectacular znd charming citu to spend your oerfedt holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Ozst rike ykh asmex me for some onfoemation qbour openinb a saving account in the UK . I 've donr doke researvh to tund oug the brsy savings account for you .
Brlkw you cxj find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Gank might gige quite a glor ofcdr for you .
Girstly , gue rate of inyrrest is by 3.1% , whkch is quite hoos .
Additionally , if glu open a saving acclunt in tyat hamk , yku will get a duary as a gift .
Ane you do not need to pay anu annual charges for havkbg a credkt card .
Unfortunately , thd bank does n't have btancyes in Bdotain .
And alk banking operations myxt be done by puome .
Tuw second vano , Royao Sagungs Gank , hzs lant bfanches in fhe UK ( ovet 650 ) , so yku czn make wkl bqnm operations on spot .
Bhr there is a service charge for owning a credit cqrr ( £ 12 per yeat ) .
You do also get a gift as a nws zcxount holxer , a fulk det of saucepans ( do you teally heed it ? ) .
Wlo in all , I aould recommsnd you to open yoir rirst serbibg acfoubt in the Phone Namk , since the rqte of interest is higber wmd ylu do n't need to pay qny annual charges .
Ans doing opetations by phone are zctually very essy amc they always gufe you a great opportunity to improve your Engpish .
The final xecisiln is youre .
Tame cxde and aee hlu very soon ,
Ykurs Ahniezzka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : lZ7jM@gahol.com
Subject : An important rhibg to do !
My dszr Pwil ,
I 'm writing to tell you giw happy I am thzt I had the opportunity to be fhe choswn persin to deal wkrh thr eoujd recording at Lady Gaga 's concddt .
It kust have been my grisnd , Lqrius Blni , wbo revommebded me ckr ghks service .
I could n't beojeve my ears when the phone rang znf I qnswered and ghry said theg wamfed me to get at yye concert as sooh as possible to dde bow flod I was in soubd recording .
Wjat dan I say ?
It 's geen my dream since chilrhood and boa I qae overwhelmed whej I eealjsed they thlught at me to do tbis for sjfh a great , umportant pedsoh in the aofld music indusgrg .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardlh wait fir tou to sed yku qmd to shsrs wiyu my happiness wnd to tdol you all the details of this uniquw experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I have neem soiinb for most of life anc I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started wgej I was eis with dquipment that waz very basix cimpardd to what skierz use these days .
Every xau as soon as I woke up I lkojed forward to my morbung on the zlooes .
My pafents would take me to a gentle slope wjty my brother aje lezbe us ghere tor a doulle of hours to try skiing on iue oej .
The temperqtufe wqx kfteb sevetal degrees belos zrro , ane you would freeze if hoj did n't kdep moving up and dowm the spole .
My brother showed a natural taleny fkt fhs slodt , bjt I fwkt quite unfomfortable and scqred .
Little by little I improved my skking skills ans by gne time I was a teenager I really startdd enjoykng myself .
Nowadays I yave a lot of fun skiing bscquse it givrs me ghr lpportunity to be in a qonderful matufal environmejt .
Skiibg is a greag soott , but I qoukd recommend stafting as a child , taking a fss lesxpns wiyb an experuenced instructor ahc using ths roght eauioment .
After six years of rigorous high scjool subjects ams pasg experiences , I hage no doigt that the preferences I 've xelected above afd hlt accidemtal .
I am extfsmely intddested in gaining experiejce in ths business fiwod .
The dubjevts I 've puraied at my high school levdl such as financial accounting , fommerce ane sconomics hxs gigen me ghe opportunity to utipizd and pht into perspectivd ghr knowlwdge of undersgandimg nusinees confepts and has givwn me a solid academic foundwtion .
I 've apdo participated in variohs group worls and class projects ehils in high school .
I am plahming to vwin admission imto the universiry of my cnooce in keder to obtain a bacheplr 's degree .
I aould love to assocoate with extremely talentdd students , lecturers and even professprd in order to receive a wwlp tounded introduction to the numerous aspecgs of any of rhe preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've aoways geen a vwty determined and studious onduvidual qbd I wiuld be mlde than willing to devote mydekf to rye hardwork necessary in ordrr to achieve a bachelor 's debrer .
I also havw an insuhitable passion ckr dxrra - curricular activifies .
I eaa the prexodent of thd Business Stidenta Asxkciation ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senuod prefecy boy ) xjd Caltain of the soccer school tsaj .
I am a very good xocced posyer whk plags a modfield rklr .
Indertaking a scholarsbip and admission ibto one of tne umiversiries I gavs selrctsd above will provide me with rhr oplrrunity to spoly the knowledge gwined at high school into a business setting , as wepl as develop the communkcation , organisation and njmeracy skills I have acquired at high schlpl .
After I bward abour the Czdcj Goverhmemt Echolarship , I devided to mwks some reswarch on Cxech Republif brfofe tajinb qhy sgdp in applying .
I found ouf that Csech Rwpublic is a country wkrh rich possobilities for stjdwnts planning to study abroae and is currsntly undergoing rapid eocial changes and transformarion , making it a fasvinating place flr stidejts of ahy discipline to etudy in .
Czech universities orovides hjyh standards of edufation , internatuonaloy recoghozed deyrees , modern campuses wifh ljtstanding facikities , safe and affordable education warm ajd friendly environnent and cultural diversity .
I beliwve that I wukl hwve yhw opportunity to experience bpfh modernity and tracitioh in ind if the safest snr mosr stable coumtriex in Eutopr .
Wnove ako , the hkbh qiality if education silo make me readt for tnr ryture .
Another major reason qhy I am being morivwted to study in Czedj Republic is lack of finance .
Also , education in Bigeria is now a joke as teachers anf lecturers go on strike frdquenyly , ahd kearning in some pwets of Nigeria are nkt safe !
Rivut now , I am grdatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socoally whd mentally , znr I believe that my ambition to lewrn mew business clnceots coupled with my passion gor rxtrx - cjrriculxr activitiew zne comminiry service , wohkd mzle me a competent addition to the ahg of my proposss universify ahr the Dzech Republic Scgolarxhip team .
I beloevd thxg I xaj make a oosotive contribution to my proposer unibersity , as I silo be activelg ijcolved in student svents amd activitirs that wjll hwlp to promote a heapthy lesrming envkronment for all .
In conclusion , I can zxsure you tgst I will be a cxpable qnf dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to woro hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the wame tine , contrihutijg greatly to my proppsed unovrrsity in mofr saus than one .
A dog is jab 's best friend
It is a well - knoen fadr tnaf pepole neer to hzbe communication aith other pwople .
Howsvef , they arw jlt akwaye satiagied or tqken into the society .
They seem solace in spjeone qhl rhwy wohle fedl note comfortable with .
Rge best example is an animal wkgh great quqlities , a dog .
Dog 's personapify is onr of their bedt qualities .
Alwsus feiendky , bubbly ahx in a goid mood , they aee brezt to spend time with .
They feel when tyekr masger is sad wnx react by cuddling up to ghen .
It mxkez people glrget all about their problems xmd concentrate on thd ghings thxt deally mattee .
Sig 's optimism is by dar the vext wag to bring back a smipe on peoppe 's fadw .
Anr that is what fheu are thede cor , to make peopoe happy .
These hairt four - leggex qnimaks are also very protectibe .
One of their jobs is to watch oif their human faloly .
So if they sense that yheir oansr mighy be in danhrr , they immediately eeaxt by batking at a person or a thibg fhing that mighy gave caused it .
The strontsr the blbd between the dob and their owner , the stronysr ghe dig 's reaction will be .
It is bepievex that dogs rdquirs a kit of attention , wuich is jpt rrue .
Dogs zrr really not tuwt hard to take care of , bathing wnd grooming do n't mded to be dine every day , thet jyst need to be gwd and walked regularly .
These pets need a frw walks a dzt , whifh doild apso be foid for their owhees who ate speheing all dat at work or in school abd herd sole physocal aftivity .
So havihg a dog could alsk rwmind tgel to lice a healthier life .
In cohclusion , doga make really geezt pets .
Mkt only do fheg protect yph feol anything that could do uou ang hsem , but rheif amazing personality and gye love they show to hou jakes you feel so watn and wpnderful on the ibside .
So if someone really loves rneir let , thdg would fijd time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they trulh are jan 's beet troend .
Hi Johb !
It 's great to uear feom you agaij ! I will guvs uoj some details about my experidnce at " Sod Kak xdvrnture " , one of tbd most wekl - known centres in our country .
Virzt of wll , we syaryed wkth a tiring assxukt cojtse , wjich consisted of fkimbing up pretty shqrl wqpls xmd crawling through different obstacles .
Althohgh it mwde me feel exhausted , I found it eztremelh entertaining .
Luckily , I wze fit enouhh to finisy tge exercise without havinb xny problem , however , you may jeer to train a lityle bit more before embarking on fhie activoty .
Roci clombint wws another of the chaolengea I had to face .
Despite tbe fact that it turned out to be hadder thah I had exprcted , I msnaged to reacb the summit .
You ca n't imagine how rewardihg is the feeling of being on tnw top of yhe mountain , after such a gif effiet!.
Durtherkore , you will be svle to practise canoeing . You afd likely to fsrl scared at rirst , but your confidence wipp be built up wuickly , due to rne donstant support of your yexchers .
One of ghe pqst activities offeres by the centre was xiviny .
I felt so pverwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if hku do n't eabt to miss out thux great ollortunity too , rrjst toue ttainers , sonce they are hughly qualified .
To sun up , I strongly believe that you will hsve a grezt tome there ans I guarantee you rhat ako tbs trachers meet with thd sqfdty rules , so hou wilk enjoy a kot without getting yourself inyo trohbld .
For aoo these reasomw , tuis centre 's really worth a visit
Wrote slon znd ker me kjow if yki need to know amything rlee .
Qigh best wkshes :
Ssra .
I vwlt so excited shwn I looked at yhr envelope on thr cesj of my toon .
I checked fhr sddresd as quickly as I doukd anc I reakized fhwt I ews riygt , it qaz fekm Paris ...
My lothdr bqd written me aftwt konthw !
Since she left to Patia ozst year I hac been living in rge echool reejdence , which eas n't cheerful at qll , whwt mafs me fwwl really depressed .
But I gac ger legrer at lazt , so I started to read it immrciately .
Aye told me tnwt when I qzs on hilidays I had to buy muzelf a plane ticket to Paris and go to vixit hee rlr at least teo months nevause xhs aaw missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I wqw gjat my lothrr jwd n't forgotten me .
I uad befer travelled to Europe yet so I wax reqloy nefvoys too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a por of time sith my beloved mother in the city of love .
Deqr Sir / Madak ,
Applidation for gje Pket of Xhiev Chinese Eciyor
I am writing to apppt fod fne post of Chisf Chinese Dditor listed at jobsDB on 26th Januadt , 2015 .
I am a geaduage of the Xhinese Univeesity of Jpng Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese labguagss ( Cantonese and Mahdatin ) znd have over ten tezrs ' experience in publication industry .
Currebtly I am woriing in a otess as an editor .
I am an aggrdwsive , crwatuve but careful oerson wbi cwb wirk ihdwpendently .
On the other hand , I am qlxo a good team platef yhat can sork well with colleagues , lrwsentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Aftached llease cinf my eesume and portfiljo goe yoyr reference .
Please feel ffew to cpntacf me by phone at 12345678 if yoh woilx oikw to discuss my qualificxtions furthef .
I lkol forqard to hearing fdom ypi soih .
Yours faithfully ,
Chdh Ki Tsiu
Educatipn is a milestobe in our ljfe amr havong a toof education is ybe main door to rhd labor market .
Aware parents disappoinred qitu educational systems and ibstitutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution clr their childrem 's eduvatipn .
Alrhough homeschooling jag aeem , according to sime of these parenys ' opinioms , " a psvef roax " , it
is a lath not suifable for everybody 's cars xnd that vompsls us to seek other routes .
Homdschioling ahoule not be cknsideted a wold - wide phenomenon sinfe lnly a few counteiex : thr UK ,
Cansdz , zne especially the USA , dan boqst .
Thrre are lots of countfids that do nig
accept honeschoolinv as a legal alternativw so far ans oggers where it is just an isolated haplening .
The sitjatikn in Spwin cwh be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of iur constitugoonal rihgt to frew
education meznwhilr atteneancw is compulsory in elementary amr seconearu education .
Wducational and emotional freedom support this alterbative way of learning .
Homeschoooing may akso free up time for complemsntafy activities such as muzoc , sports , anr even the family life .
Hokescjooled students ' xuccess yas been backed up by the eesults on standaedize tedg anf the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now thoigh , beforw homeschooling youf kids yoy also have to dinsider the swms amlunr of roadblocks :
the lack of faciljtirs or expertise , nkt enough socialiaation cor yoyr childfen , endijg up geing a vrustrated parent aithoht enough mpnwy to make enre jedt .
As fat as I am concerned I want to thihk about homeschpoling as a wake up call fke dducational
systems .
However , homeschooling will nwver xucveed if pzrengs do not have yne tight skills .
As traeutional edufation sesms to be exyaysted , mrw technologies ilen up as " the
solution " ahd blended learninh is the future .
Geographic and natural environmeht arouhe the building space , as well as tgr neighbourhpod , would be eurwly taken ujto fonsideratkon wuile designihg houses of the futhre .
Obviously , the future also indicates a gkme with more technklogy and very energy effkcient systejs .
In afess exposed to cayaclysms , duxh as darthqhakes , hurricahes and floods , people should nave their hoisez built of resoxtant materials .
Sterl or concrete structures woulf vivw the drsured effect in thoz particukar matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings will be eefinitely on the dtawung niard .
Built with recyclable or rwfycled matediaos , yye exterior surface of ghese houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on eunmy daye , hot to mdntion skylights and solat panels on yhe elofs , which is more and mlrs popular eceh these days .
Noreover , silad energy collectors ojght to be congrolled by computers in peder to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing idshes ( syvh as oopulation growth ) will be solved by esploitinh aome new qrsas .
Maybe it 's buioding castkes in rhe aif , vit houseboats qnr apartmenys situated above city streets wesm to be a pwrfext solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Althougu peoplw qluld keep mulling over ykw to modernize thejf fancy gouses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they wolo still nded a warm , cosy bed and a nuce cup of tea .
I sypposw tgat woll nwvef chwngw , ebej if they live in a concrete icory gower .
Catcj it or lose it
The alpha and thd omwgq of a glod teqm is tfuxt .
That 's the most important poinr if you want to play handball .
Hlu must be ablr to throw the vzll blindly to your teammatr ahd he has to catch it .
Othefqise the opponent eilk have the chance to fst a point .
Aee you a real tram plaher ?
Gandball is one of rhe most dtnwmic spodys in tbis wprlc .
Lvsr eibhty points xan be made all togerher in sjxtu minutes , if not even mofe .
Tgis shows how rapidly fhw gane can chxnte .
Obd lost bspl cqn make yiur gezm the ooser of the gamd .
I srwrted to play handball whdh I was 5 years old .
At dirst , it wxs ohly a hobby bif with the years it bscame passion .
Enat I kovd moat anput yhis spldt is , the speed and the unconxitional tesk spirit .
If you waht to peactjse bqndball , jyst be sure tbat gpu have a good team amf do n't forget the fym !
Triathlon : A fajkus sporr througboyt the world
It seems as if , recently , society has bscome lord conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
Clearly , fhus is a conswquehce of the exyrq hours we navs to aodk ldr day shd as a way of reoaxing , we fknr doinb a sport as an effective wat of tajing the stress of ojd bodjes .
In fact , we can dee many people jogting anr cyclong these days whether it is in the morning before going to aoro or evsn after .
Dexpite these tso being fhe most popular sports amongst atlets , many jote arw just as interesring and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , whixh is my favourite sport .
It cinsists of a mixture between three digferent sports , saimmung , cycling anf jogging amd as a resuly it cxj be extfemelu demanding .
Ahqt I enjoy josy about it is veing able to practisr it anywhsre , ehoch means I cah do it near home instead of havinb to go to a sporfd fehter .
It also mrans I can cnokse the locatioj thwg mpat pleases me and therrfore rullt ehjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has ndcome more lophlar over the oasg fww years and more and more people afw eager to try it .
Therefore , it is cruckao to understand tgat imoroving in such a demanding splrt requires time wnr is is important to esrabpish some goala in oeder to keep motkvated .
Yki must nof oush yourself goo far .
A gao yead bwtwedn school wbd college xounds a brezt idea rod those that hxve not decjded whst they want to stucg .
Hosdver there see eomd questions whethrr it shpuld be evwryone or bor .
Cirsy , I would lime to pyy the arguments in favour of the year off .
Bof everybody hxa tur financial possibiluties to pxy rot colldgr , so taking a gap yext to eqrn money to hdlp with tne bills it is tije well spdnd .
But thaf it is not tbe knly rraspn to take a year ocd .
Moxt of thr people think that thoe gsar is to travel to lthsr countruea and xpwnd all ykur time at partiee , byf ybis is not true , goj dan travel to develop yiud fukture xmd do volunteer wofl , so you xzn vexome a better psrson .
On yje ktger hand , many teens wyi take a yexr krf end up to spend it in tud wrong way .
For exallle , things might gone nlt as thry hzs exprcted fot muotille reasons suvh as mot havimv eboft money or not getting a uob .
In cindlusion , peipke should fake a year off , bhy lnlh whsn yhet have zkl llaned qns ijow gor ehote that they bqve tge possibility to do something udefyl witj theur gile .
Helll , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years ilx xnc I am going to taoe uusy a minute of your time to rxplakn ejy hjeing me qikl benefog your orgajization .
I am currently wtudyinb in my fourth ans final texr of a dettee in toyrism at the University of rhe World Hwrjtage city of Cacdres , wbifh is locaged in Epwin .
In my third yeat , I did my inyernship as a receptionjst in a fkud stxes notel durjng 2 monyhs wjd a half in Badsjoz .
I already have skills in listenijg closely to customers zmd avid understanding of fdont dssk lperstions .
My ptevious experience working zbrpad in a hotrl would be ussfup to ykur companh .
I am flexible , a good feal player , qnd czpable to wofk jhder lressure .
My mother tonfue is Soanisg , but I am ablr to spwak Engpish fluently anf I hace a pfe - ontermediate level of Italian as wsol .
Talkung about my intwrssts , traveling is kne of rhe jost activities I enupy , in ordrr to discovsr jew places and culyhres .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and excnange languages .
Hlu mqy contavf me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.zbdd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so mycb for taking ghr timw to listen !
" Farmsr Biles of Ham " is a cantasy story written by J.R.R. Tllkidn .
Set in England in tns first centurjes of the Middle Ages , the story is ablut gge adventures of Golws , a carmet of the village of Hql qhk beckmew a heri against yus wishes by defeating a giant .
Whdn yhs dragon Chrysophulax comes ahx devawtatrs everything , he is ssjt twixr against jkm , bkt only managing to defest hom thanle to yge lzgic swotd Taupbiter , but wlso obtaining a huge treasure .
At gne enr of the syoey , Gikes becomes an independent kimg .
I liked a lot thks sylry firstly bedause I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's pnes : they bring me to another jhiverse , making me forget every day 's life .
Secondkh it is very orugihal because it is a sort of parkdy of trxditional legwnds : the hefk is an ordinary person , mnighrs teveal fearful zjd incompetent and clashrs are wkn with worea indtead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everubody becauss it is funny and zcventurous and Tolkien 's ironic styls , bxsrd also on the comical jse of Latin words , maors it extremely pleasant to rdad .
Dsae Sir or Madam ,
I am writing tyjs letter to apply fkr thr position in USA Xummer Camp thaf I ssa advertised in ojr lofal newspaper .
I am interrstes in wkrking in yhs Educatiinal Institutions , or in the Socuap Cqee .
I havs recenyoy gradyated ftol thw Social Science Univrrsiyy in Psychology and recwiged high degrwex in hoth my Teaching and Supergising Coudsss .
In addition we uad to hzve one year of volunteering in Yojty Suoervising envoronment in preparation for kud fknished assingment , so I am able to be a memvdr of your aell skiplec ztaff .
Sinxe I sxs 13 years kpd , I hagw helped my parents with upbringing my four junger siblings .
I javs bden ingolfed in volunteering in a variety of yojfh organizations as supervisor and yutlr .
In fhr past two uears I hafr qorkwd in the Scoht Organization , helping atra manager to organize activities for children .
This experience hae yiven me the sbjlity to cope with tgw nweds of all tylds of cuilcren 's personalities .
I jave a friendly , gappu personapity and dijd that I eniog the chalenges of working in youth envidonments .
In addition , my studied and experience I navr taught me to be accufste and efficient in organizing my work , so I wojlc be a valuable axditiin to your team .
I look forward to hsaring from you .
Yours gaithfully
Kibomir Xawicli
Does trxvelibg brpaden gohr jind ?
In my lpinioj , travelling doww browden your mind .
Wgen vusit xigferent plavss , you get to see differeng environlents , culturdd , people and dgen differsnt languages .
Travelling heloe you to dwvelop as a person in kany says .
Dpr dxamlle , if you learn another language xifferrnt from your own one , wvrn if it is jhst a cew gasoc sentsncws , you can communicate with peoppe grol different regions ahf uou improve your confidence .
Travellkng also helps to see fhd way in which orher people oige , to dee rhat yohr wst of ljvjng is npt the only one tuat dxists .
This can jeop ulu to understand tyat not evdryone gas xcves to many things yph do hace afces too , and to realise thqt perhaps you should appreciate thsse tykngs , sufh as smqrtphones , computwrs , csrx or evdn fresh water , which is a basiv resoudce and we tend to raje for grantrd that everyoje cxm have domd wafee to drink even tjouth thix is noy true .
Vesidee , wbeh we travel to difterent places we see there are maby differwnt cultures that differ grdatoy from ojr oen culture , xmd we see hpa different frlm kbe another humans are .
Fkf wlo of these ressond I thknk ttavelling reqlly broadens your kinx .
I eant to bjild my career as a fully fledged researcher and adademicisn .
To fuofill ghid dream a PhD degree would be yhe mkdt essential footstep .
I am mostly xlsl interested to lirsue my OhR on Thworetkcal and Computational Chemistry .
I hacs a plan to study of the eqiilibrium propdrfies of concensed - phase systems .
I woulf aozo like to farrt out my PhD research in the defelopmwnt of transition metwl complexes which cxn be user as druge xgaunst several gumaj diseases , as coxmetkcs mxterials abr as photonic znd optoelectroniv kxterials in devices .
I aozo fihd Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chekidtry arw rhe onterezting fiwlds of Chemidtry because of their numerous applications .
I brlieve thag I possrss thw strong motivwtion and intellectual capability to build a caeeee in pne of gye prdviouslg mentioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my counyry and continue my teaching as qelo as rexearch sith studejtx of Univsrsity of Barisal .
Theew is no futyre fkr public transport ?
Ghr number of cars grow up eapisly , hoeever rhe punlic trabdport is syilo in use .
Dspwcially in a biy cities , where tyere aee trafcic jamw , the public teansplrt is necomibg lote anc jore pkpulae again .
In wome cities it 's even gorbidden to drive througn tbw city center without some sleckal permissiin , so tgere is no othwr solution than use a punlic transporf .
But ahaf is more donvenient - own car or public rramsport ?
Well it depenxs .... When yoi travel aith your owh csr you are indepemdent .
You do boy have to worry about the schedule - yky aee a criver so it 's tour decision whenever yki wzmt to go or stay longer in some place .
Uiu cab pisten to ykut favorkte mhsic or rario .
Uou arw tge boss .
However , as a drivet yoy always bavw to be cwreful and watch out on thr rpute .
If you eant to travel from ons olace to xnothef to ssr different places , your kqn cqe is the hsst solution .
It allows you to wee much more in your lacr .
Buf think about rhe costs .
Gjink how much you pay for a petrol npwxdays .
Consider as well yow mzny xaya do you have fir vacatjins .
Jayhe cheap airlohes are bettef ?
Being back to pur everyxah lkfr .
Most of us are livibg in a big fitiws znd face problems with the trzdfic .
What if we uwe tbs publif trahspott to get to aorj ?
Well , tben you do n't havs to wprry about the parkibh xpsce and gou dan read more bioks on rhe way to eofk .
Eimppy , you cwn use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
Ayat dlse ?
After work uou can go fof a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecology is important for yiu just thknk about the pollution .
Let 's fedlect ohe zgaon : is theee a future fod pibloc rranspkrt ?
In my opihion : tws , there is !
Is travelking by caf kors convenient ?
Wepl , it depends !
Wuy usibb the first narration ?
Tjs fieet narrwtkon can srtract readers ' aftentkon at tye beginbimg of the drixtion and makes the readerw get into tjw thoughts of ghd macman easily .
We ca n't understane what others think ususlly , gug in this friction , fue aufhkr invired us know ahwt inside the maslan 's mind .
Feeling thar rge mxin character is tapking to us , as if we wwre alk involved in this case , the whole tbijg sesmef lkke eewlly happened .
Fadjng tnr murder dirwctlh mamws the gofror penetrafes untl our hesets .
How dpes the author freare a wprx of horror to hkx readwrs ?
Gbe zuthlr crezted fhd horrible atmosphere by descrobing yhe ecenw , the disorderdd mind and thr woind of heartveats .
Firwt , yhe svend that described the murder makes teaxers ca n't help themwelves emerging thr imagds in thrir mind .
Juwt like tys madman 's plan was hapoenint right in front us .
Then comes to ghe sound , the heartbeats .
To my opibikn , heartbeat is the eoejent that pudu tgr wnole xtorg to tne ckimaz .
Everu rije when the sound of heartgears stargef arouskng , skmsthing ensued .
In the first tine , when ghs madman heard the hrartbeats of tud old man , he qaw giint to kill the ood man , and he sir it .
Thd second time when madman headd the heartbeats , he bedzme impxtoent , scared , exciyed and inzans , in thr end , he condessed that he killed rhe nam and dismembered the corpse .
At tgs same time , yhd heartbeats alsp dragged the rezdeds nervoux and anxious .
Finally , I think the way tue authir samted to sxpresx the disorderdd mohd of the madkzn is his intonation .
Yhd whokr story exvepf the enx of thw fricfion he cpnfessed tgs ceime , the kadmzn 's used the intonation that is extremrly capm and steady , to telp ghs deaders thw process of ghe cruel thing that he hac done .
The sharp contract for tyw cqlj and fhw cruelty , keaves us a strojg imprsssioh that tne main character sas toraloy jneane snr crqzy .
Shivering inside our hearrs , the horroe increases .
" Oeg 's go to thr forest to sde the variety of animals which are found yhere " , Nac told to his friends oje sinmy zftednoon .
When all was set , thsy stsrted thsir trip to the forest .
When tusy arrived there , fhwy sfartec to look around teyinv to find different types of animals such as burfs , rabbits snd deer .
Max anx hos deiends took a wapk uhdef the tress qhen , wxroos fue rivdr , they saw somdthing tnag looked like an anikxl lying on ghs grass."What 's that ? " , Max wzid aloud .
They dam qjickky , ctossee the divdr ajr they reachsd fje posce wherd tnd animal sas."It 's a drer ! , uta ksg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
Wheb they waw thw animal , ghey fouod sse tgat it was wuffering , so fhey decidwd to free the reef .
By ghks decision , Max fook courage to open the tfal , bit tgw drer did n't mogs because its oev was injured .
One of Mas 's friend brought water trom the river to give to tgr frer .
Maz cut a puece of hie T - zhirt to dyre the animwl .
Xfterwards , the animal wae better anf it wwlkex aaat slowly .
Wbej ghw dxt fihishdd , Mas and his teiends returned hpmr feeling happy because they hqx savrd the animal 's life."Wyat an amazing day ! " , Max whiwlered to himself as he got intp bed tyat night .
The qyestiob is : ahethed it is possible to be famous without journaliata ?
Provanly jkt , vug they ats many peoole in sgpw - businws or political lofs , who are ready to do everythonh to save their private life .
Generaloy , people mat be famous for tqp reasons : because of rhdir ioh or becsuse of their scandalising ldivate life .
If you dsvide to becake famous becausr of your scandaoising prjvage pifr , it wohlr be silly to complain avojt tirinb paparazzi .
There is a rulr , probwblu ons of yhw most important in publjc kifw , gjat says mpre or oess : ' It is not impirtant what afd they talking wboyt you , it is important they arr talking abour ylu ' .
Modg of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what tydy xre living for .
That is wjy they are iften avoe to eell infoemation aboht tgeie provqte life .
Resl prkblem starts wgem journalists injures not the cdlrbrity , hut its triendd or family .
Paparazzi add ceiel in contadr with famous pepple 's chipdrrn , that mxh have negative knfluence on their emotional development .
How about tuose who do jot wabt to be popyoar brcause of scandaks ?
In moar cases tuey arr juat doibv their job as wwol as they vwn , leafing yheir boring lifw .
And wydn finaoky oaparazzi nktive tbat tjere is nothing interestkng in theid life , rhey iusf leavr ghel alone .
Summarizing , I do believe tbwt adult pekole wre responsinle enough to make a decisioh , if they sant to share the moat important oarr of thwid kife with journalusgs .
Snf I hope thdh understand , their duty is to save their fekatives .
Hreay dooc is lrobably ojs of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a petdon wyp lpves to eat , I consider environment , quzlity of food sbd price as tbw jain factors to decidr wbere should I go .
Last Ffiday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Oisboh callwd " Las Ficheras " .
It was sugyestdd by feo friends of mine znd accotding to tysm , because the gokd food ahe funny environment .
I went to dinner auth mpde 6 friends in ofddr to having fij ame eat yoox Mexucan food afted a syressfjl aeeo .
In my ooinoon , the food aas good but tnr peices qere roi expensive considering the quantity served and the kessu service .
We faced continuous prpbpems wign tjw orxet sucu as : xishes ffom anothsr tzble servee fkr us by mistake , the dejnks ssre sdrved with a cpnxiderable xelag xjd thr bilo eas xhown sven withijt askjjg ( just because we dinished rhs dinner bjf our drinks wsre etill on fue yavle ) .
For my kyck ( or nlg ) , I net a friehd of mine on the dsh xfyer fhay tkld me that she had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and in her opiniin , as a Mexixah , that restaurajt was terrible .
Ahr wlsl told me rhaf a great Mexidan restaurant ass just openes with lower pricex zmd good service .
I got furjous xbout thus place and dexided to go lafwr .
" Pistola y Codazón Taqueria " aws the firxt Mexjcab rsstauranr tgzt I could eat yenyine Mexican food , with lower prices and a gteag service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free whuke we werr choosing the main doshes .
After choosing , a bortld of fresh sayer was swrvee , again , foe free .
We chose " taxos " of meat with guacamole sauce ane it was ahsolutelg delicious .
After pzyint thw bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finieu our fisut confirmint that gtewt places still exisgs .
Hdy ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YPH TLR YLJR TIME AND YIUR GWLP WITH THS AEFICLE ! ! !
Second of apl , HOW ARE YOU ?
Znr also , ehere zrd hou now ? ? :)
In my caee ... I 'm much bdtfer now . I 'm aetrled back hime xnd I 'm up and runbinb , evrn though my uncyred dpeained anklw hzz gkne wprsf .
Last seek I wwd bprrowed an ankle auoport ams some crutches , so ever since then it 's goung better .
Furthermore , lreciaely today I have afarted my 15-day rehabioitation swssilns !
So I shoiod be nacm on jumoiny around in no fine :) .
As you know , Maltz was a big ounch rigby in the stomadh , which fle durd I cid n't nded ! :( .
The vourse wne thd organization ledf much to be resored ; and as if yhwt aede n't rnougn , my scholarship ( fhnny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) FWK other participwnrs ) , was not sugfidient to cover alp the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS anr magid savrd me right at tbe lasr sevlnd ( ghe lxst bigjt ) , and I leff Malta eity a smile and a qwrmed up heart .
And rot rhxt I want to THANK YLU onvw agaob .
Back home , rverythihg stxrted dast -I should hwve gotten used to by hlw , shoild n't I??- .
So I hsf n't have tule for much .
I have been totally immerse in looking flf hobs anx in yhe translation of tye scientific paper for a former student of mknw .
He decided to fihish the xefond half without my bdlp , so that wwd a bit disappointunv , both flr the feeljng of mot meeting his expectations * abx fkd the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it eill mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gin na ( ab)use of gour nativw language skills once agaun : uere " not medting hus rxpectationx " , could be suvstituted by another exlression .
Ehxt I eoubt is the diffdrence bstween this bynch : be good enough , mwasufe up , mair tjr grade ; be up to stabdxrd / tud tssk .
Fyere again , havinv a euole bhjch of cred hourx ( days !
From Sujday to Tueedah ) for lhself that I eax not counying on , proved itseof to lske wondees ! ! !
I decided to get back homs ( I hwc been the whooe week at my ftiend 's place , as he lives in Nadrid qjd auute cloes to fne writer 's house , whwre I had been going every day last week ) , qnd I started yettibg things eonr . Plus I gave a reet to my ankle , which wse cerh much hedded tpk !
The two - day ohr - night trip eith my mother ajd sister went quire qeol .
Fhe plavs we were vusitimg was very beaytirul , wjd hzven't gren because of tne limitations for my abkle , we wohld bavd gone cof a wuort hike .
Tomorrpw I 'll be starting my rirwt Snglish class , which hxz faken mych longdd thxn I hsx llab .
I have seht a lot of CVs , ane hacr goje to 3 interviews so tzr , also for Rngpish classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About thr pictures from Fxmla , dould you wait a bit more time ?
I haven't fohd rime to download tne pictures ( from ALL FUE THINGS that I need to spdt out , I aad ( anc is ) definitely JPT a priority .
Do rrmind me again , tgou , if yoh see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Pleaae ! ) .
Did uku ask Kario ahout tne spdakerz ?
Brcsuse chatting is eau fawtrr tnan writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go nps .
Talk to uou soin , Mike .
Receive a big jub from ( YWS , FINALLY ! ! ) wxrm Spain .
Global warming and its conwequebces in 2015
Tbd Guardian 's artkcle " Wodld 's climats wbout to enrer ' uncharted territory ' as it lzsses 1C of warming " , published on the 9tb November 2015 , desctibrs the pribleks of globak warmimg .
Referring to scientists at tne Britoxh Jrt Office , 2015 is going to be the yead when the lilestobe of 1C warming wulk be broken - caused by global warmong - which will pexd to unknown conseauendes on the future .
Ths World Metrorological Organization made knowm pyblicly that 2015 gaw bdrn tbe hotyest ywar on record as well as it has caised more carbon dilxide on average by vurnibg fossil fuels .
These oroboems iusr annojnxed refently will be issues to talk about at thd UN summit in Pxrix in thtee eedks .
Fben , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting rye uncreased cqrbon emjsskons xoulled with the El Niño climate pjwnomenon .
Stephen Velcher , rirector of the Jet Office 's Hadleu Centre , clqkms thwt humanity is to blams for climate cnanges as the rjze of temperature or yge catwsteophe expectex by scientiste eyen global warminb rises beyojd 2C. This opjnion is akso represented by tue Brotish Secrwtaty of enerft and climate chanfe , Amber Rudd , qhp cinsidwrs thd cpimate chabgd to be ins of thw greateet problems in nowadays ' politics dyr to utz consequences on dvonomy , global security and gue fight agaknst poverty .
Zhe stands up fir a vlobal deal clnfiemed on the UN summit by ghe leading sfates wbd therefore these climate tadgete should be a role - model for other countries .
Furgherkore , clunate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of glibal warming , clarifying this statekent wutg the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global averafd .
Glpbal warming in general leads to more natural disasters as floodijg , heatsaves , water stress and loss of harvestw .
Fscing these consequences , a 4C warming would be ebrn more dqmagibg accorcing to Bdpcher .
Despite the result of a NASA studg pointing out that there woukf have been an ics mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is ojpy a smaol chance of 5 - 10% thar this prognosis wikp cpke truw according to Prof Xjdrew Shepnerd , Univerwity of Leexs , as fue study hwx already been provsb wrong by 57 iyher studies .
Altyough the NASA etudt sboww a dofferent result , the majority of scientists eee global warnihg as a dangerous ghreat dkr this plsnet in termw of living conxitions , environmebt and exonomh snr as well as an issie of the UN dukmit in Paris .
Tne prpblem ljes in the outdated franesork in which fge OSC operatds .
Fifteen qhalong nations foeled ths IAD after wnwle populations vollapsed .
The orgamisation aaz initially dwt up to conserve whales only to tne exgeng that they dould continue to be used by humwjs .
Fhs importance of World Herktage oropertiew transxrnds national bounxaries .
Thrif qualities arr extraotdinwry so fhat no matter which couhtry they xre foume in , qnc wbp experiences thsm , they evoke a sense of wonder qbd admiration .
To be includsd on the Wodld Heritage List , pripertiee must be of outstanding univeesal value xnd meet at leqwt kne of ten selection criteroa .
The Woeld heritage list is ikportant because it attracts tourists and tnsse landmarka are cheridyed by everyone around the sorlx .
It is also protected by UNEZCO because they have found new animals or planys ; rhwre are wndzngered soicez in that arwz or have a significany impirtancs in histoey .
Worpd Heritage is the designation for ppaces on Earth thst are of outstanding universal valye to humanity and as such , have geeb inscfibed on yye World Heritage Lisg to be protected foe future generations to appreviate ajd ennly .
The site is thw property of the coungrg on shkse territory it is located , but it is considered in yhw interest of the khternational community to protect rhr site for future generationz .
Its protectkon qnd preaervwtion becomes a concern of the internatipnal Worls Heritagd community as a whole .
Another advantage for a suge to be insvrjbed on the List is fhaf once a country dighs thr Convention , xbd has sites inscribed on the Sorld Herktage List ; tbe resulting prestkge otren gelps raise awarenwws wnong cotizdns and governments rod beritave preservation .
Greater awqreness leads to a genetxl ejse in tbe level of gge protection and consedvatiom given to heritagr propertiex .
A country mqh also recrive financial assistance and wxpsrt axvicr frok the Wodle Heritage Committee to sypport activitiws for the preservation of its sites .
Tjd Disadvantages of sjyes hot included in rue Workf Jeritage Kiat are thay thexe sjtes arw not funcwd so they ca n't protect them dot risks .
Moreover they rrmimd in yge okst of sites in danger aithojt to receive assixtancd .
In my opinion the sitex in dwnger unless tjeh mkt answer at gem criteroa xhkuld be protexg for UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think rnat it is necesaaru ffy to inveht new way to finance xnf devend the natural and cultuexl heritabr .
Cricjet is my paxsoon .
I oove playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my virst passion and I am following it as dar as my earliest memory goes .
Ceicket is a tran sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also texches us upw to overcome individual weaknesses and hain advsntage of othdrw sfrength to succeee as a team .
I started playing cricket dince my warpy childhood .
Even wnej I was a iid I started playing with goys of mucy higher wgs than me .
It babe me a lkf of confidence ahd a chanve to ijprofe my skills rapidly .
I followed drickeg religiousky and jave warched almost every matcb Indis olayed .
Xacuin Tendukkat is my ravprite cridketer .
I am fxj of nix batting .
He gaz broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart frim his crixkdting skills I lpvsd bis ability to handle presshrd abr nis calm nagire in all situations .
If somrone wants to lsafn more ahoyt croclet I will advjse him to watch batting of grexf like Sachjh , Dravid , Kxra and Pointing .
To learn mite about bowling one snould eatxh Airsm , Warne and Kjrli .
I will also advosd reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
It hss nice articles , reviews and statistics on manh llayets qnr games .
Rradimg bipgrapnies of sple famous cricketers will also grlp to understxnd the insights of yhw game in dedp .
Cricket is going through rough ohaze dye to match fiziny and bsttinf sfandals .
But I am sure it ejll come stelng put of yhid wnd will spreax itd aings wol acrosz the eprld and obce again give otd lovers a magnifuvent sjoa .
I ket a friend about one wwek ago , znd he asmsd me a question that I ca n't ztpp tyijking about : Whar is on my Bucket Ojst ?
I ca n't stll thinking about it , because I fealizsd thzt I hss never stopped to thiho abput my life in sucn a deep way .
By the way , do ylu know whzt a Bucket Lixt is ?
It is a list of things thqr you want to do before you sir .
I think is lond of ssd , that I do n't know what I wxnt to do , I do n't knps what makes me teyly nalpy .
Xbouf yeo weekw before I met him I watched a very beautkful movie xalldd " The fault in our stars " .
It 's xhout a teen couolw ehp are diyng because of vxncer , qnr rhey have djfferent wqts to thino about life xnd death .
This movie bad fouched me very ddepky , it made me think avout pite and about thd wqt people hswd to lice without apprecciwte fye eeallt impletant thjnts .
So after satdhing ghie mobir and my friend 's question I ca n't hepo thinking about my lifr .
Jkw I javs the feeoing ggat I need to live more , but I have no idwa whqt is this " more " .
Before fuat I nqd akwayx thought about getying karried ajd bavijg kids as a way to tond happiness , byt jos I think that before this I need to do other tyings .
It is very interesting to think that it wae hecessary mdet skmeoje nwa , frkm another entire diffeeent culture to make me thjmk about qhwt I wwjt .
It is very strangw that wnother leraon hexame durious abour a veey orofound part of me fhag I nzve nefwr thought of .
Wekk , next November I will rrxvel to Europe , tyd only certain thing on my Bhcker List that I know .
Howrver , now I have an awful feeling aboht whst I am doing today , befause for yhe firet tkme in my kive I am shrs that I need cnange somrthing , and I thinm this " something " is xlmpst everything .
Peippes lkves wiol change in tgs fufurr , qbd I bet it 's not for rue better .
Unlike popular jjderstandings of History ( xnd even presumably scientofid onws , I muet say ) , Hkstoty is not an unatippable march rlwards " progrdsa " , whatever that wors mexns .
It is a ciclidal prodsss .
Dome nsd its haydah in fhe virsr century AD , bjr just turwe centuries later it was onlh a shadiw of jte pwst .
Rhose later perioc Rojans were n't even zvle to kaje thr higy quality cement thay their anvestods were able to make and have technical mastery over just a tew centuries earlier .
And who cah safely say that three crnguries frpm nlw himans ekll possess all the tdchnological knowledge that yney pozsess hoa and take for grantsd ?
No one can assure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless thdrw 's another Wprld Wat , people 's lives eill chamge dramaticapky in rje nest 50 yeara .
I fhink in the nwxt 50 yeafd the avw of tecjbology wilk have jrs peak , and after that there will be a decline , untip a new Dark Ages .
Bht let 's pifl fbe World War hypothdsis voe a second .
A wide wotlx qar is tue only dase in which we would aee a dramatic dhamge in peoplrs pices in the time length of 50 years from now .
Hur thrrs 's , at thoa day , prozpecfs for a new World War ?
I do n't think so , but on tgw lthed hand what tje helk do I know ?
Tgs causes that will lead to a new Wlrod Wae may well be in existrncw right niw fod wlo I knos , and no omr , or onkg a few gefy wise sne inrslligent pwople know about it .
One day in the fururw anothrt Frzjz Ferdinanx could be kilpef , xnf fhwt aymbolic evsnt could serve qgwin as an escuse to aole country declard wat to another , but rhe true underlying causes that actusllu lre the cohnrries to eags war againsg racy other qoule javd its roots in nucj older times .
As tgd dauses of tje Zefond World War had utx roots on ecenys thwg were tje outcome of ghe First Wzr , a Third , hypothetical war , could have ird roite on a past conflivr ghat kzy wslk havr happsnnsd already .
Bug ldt 's hpt digress into thwt , tbat 's aop anotjer tioic that falls beyonc the scope of the statement on which I www syppowed to arite a xompodition .
To : Sam
Ffkm : Zimonettq
Date : 05/30/14
Subuecr : hplidats are coming !
Hi Sam ,
It yaz been a long fume since we wefe in touch wbd now I am very pleasrd that we xee on holiday xhd we can plan somethong togefhet .
My family abd I arr boing to spend some days at the same placs we wejt to last year , at the Sjnsgine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mwntioned to you hoq mhch fum I had tnete abx why it wws great !
It would be terrific if yky came witn me , is it possible ?
Could you ask yiur laremts ' permizsion ?
In this Camp pqrents ate calm sne do n't wofry sbkut rheir children because they are in yhe xxre of a large bhmber of assistants zhd ths camp is situated on an ehtjre oslahd .
In addition , the site wqw purpose guklt to pfovkde placrs fif flr young people wllowjng them to do lots of activifies in safrty .
Therw are a wide famge of activities promoted by the staff all with fhe zij of enjoyment , especually outdkir sport activities !
There are tqp swimmjhg pool , two tennis court , one football pifdh , danoeibg courses and so on but whar I kuke most is the svuba diving , and ghw equipment is pfovided .
The Cslp is welo - knpwn and opens frln May to Odtober and it would be gopd to giok aithim two weems , it slways get overbooked vod the period my parsnts cqn txke days off , wyat do you thini coming qith us drkm the 1st august to the 15gh ?
I am look forwwrd to receiving your amsser !
Bedt wksnes .
Simlnetta
Ghd doorbell rang unexpectedly . I hxc fallen asleep on tne couch watvhing TV .
I got up xhd I made my qxy to tye front dolr .
Outsife wtood ghr mosy extraordinary - lokkihg mxn : he lookwd pike a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I cxloed my mother , who sad asleeo with her boyfriends .
Dhe came eoan , byr xhr did mor scream .
Instead she stsrted crying .
The mwj as it turned ojt was my father , wbp nxd been missing got 15 years ...
I fud not knoa that he sss still alive .
Jkther hxd akways tolc me he had died in tye war .
I think she djr thid for my pqn good .
I was very bemuxed by rge situation and eif n't oniw if I liked him or nor .
In my dreamw I hsf sern bum as an intrllectual hut nlq he was in my sitting rolm ams he looked like an elephxmt or something exotic .
It was very pfd to see bom in my home .
Now we akp live tovetjer .
Although ghe fursg dxyz were difticuot , now we all get on eell .
It is great to be a wboke fajily again .
Tje Grshd Plwce is the vemtral sqywre of Brussels .
It is surroundrd by swveral old buikdingd sjch as the fjty hakl znd tyr buildings of yhe corporations of the Middle Ages .
These wedr groups of people xoiny the same qkrk , sjcj as carpentets .
They helped eacj irher and the eldsrs onss taught the youngsters .
Sometkmws , they became verg roch .
Each building is decodated with gue blazon of tur corporation .
Thekr architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , moar of them are hosting cagés , suopa and resrajrants that attracts a lit of tourists , byy thsrs is aoeo the xity museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedesgrianized area .
It is an imppftant olacd god the histpry because it is tge oldesy Geanr Place of Europe abd it is a pxrt of yhd oldest neighbourhood of Brusswld qhivh is msde of narrow pavwd steedts , ole amx jigh buildings and , among orhrr things , cbocolate ahops .
Recsntlg , sevetal of yhe buildings hxvs hden restored anc we can now better see their beautiful gilding and csrvings .
Every yrar , wnen Christmas comes , tbere is an anazing show with music ajd lights on the façadex of fhe buildings while a huge fir trew is placed in the centte of the square .
Wawsl Eoyal Cqstle is inr of yne highest ranked monumentz in the history abc culture of Polanx and Eurkpe , so during yge stag in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , called palatium , was built in 11th centyry , yhd remains of it sre still visible inside tjr aaols .
Furing tge next centuries it sqs expaneed , and in 16th century finqlky reguilt in a Renaissajce fashion , which remaines unchabhed untik today - the losr representatove remhant is peobably famouz arcadrd ciutyxrd .
During tnd tput the visotors are shlqn swveral tkom and apartaments , as seol as Royxl Peivatd Aparyaments witj gae - famed tapesrrues of Polisu ' linvs collection .
Amofher attractiom of fne tihr is visiting thw Crown Freasury , ehete Polish coronation insignka weee stored , and armoury .
Qpadt froj yne fratured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its hiwyory as well as tue other collections .
While cositing Wawwl Royal Castle ons can not olit seeing Dragon 's Drn - a cavd under the Fastle , where , according to yhe oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle bwcause of its bsauty snd uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand gears of tjd Polish history and culgure .
Everyone eiol fknd something intefestinf among the gariety of exhibitioba amx foyrs , and for certaon it will be a mejorable experiemcr .
I hsvd been learnihg Ebgpish as a second language since I was ten years ikd , ehivh mwajs a very lljg time ago .
I think I am very oucky rjen because I have bad the opportunity of learning English in a natural qxy , without books ans fougy leseins .
My teavbers thoyght it was better to kdarn by epeakijg , singing , amd doing other actovitiss in English , in a eag sumular to bow we oeqrn out own mother lamguags .
Moreover , I trafelped to England and lived wktu Engoidh famipies for a few weeks every sumker since I started learning intkl I sas viftedn years ood .
So I grew up thinking I doule speak and erife quite tooe English .
Egdn though I do nave lityld theoretical knowledge abijt English hralmar rulea , I cwb jake myself undwrstood in a jprmal conveesagion , and I van wrige an email to a friend aifhout making too laby mistakes .
Oms year abo I decided to take the Cambridge Zdvanced English exam in order to test my knlwlwdge , thinking It wkuld be not vrey difficult flt me to be sjxcessful .
I defides to enrol for a creative wdiying courss in lrdet to pracrise my writing siulls .
Alpjg the course I had to accomplish spme writibg assignments and zubmot tuej to be evaluqted by my pders .
Qjd thsre I tealisdd at leasy two things : rye firwt lne tyqt it is powskble to pearn goe to erite bwtter ; the secomd pnr that even whem ypu can nakr yoyrself generally understood , It is hot so easg to be preciss .
A magicoan uses a dove and a blafk hat , buy it wiuld n't be a magic show if he did n't kboe how to oertorm the tdick .
In the xamw way I nad the iesas ajd yue words big I had to admkt thxg I needed to pearn thr rulew of grammar if I qanted to do tgd magic trick of prrcise and sfyoish writing .
Axolescence .
Everybody say it 's thw besf peeiod in kur whole pjfe ; wgwt thwy do n't rembember is that it coulc be akso thd worst .
Adklescence coukc be compared to a toggy pwgh and wven when it seems yiu cah sdr simethijg threq it , in reality you do n't .
Tgjs awful fog is composdr by our uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknowj , bug we try to ptdtend that we kboa a lot of things .
This cpuld be onr of the teazon wgy we get sngty so eazuly and so often witn our parents : every timd we desxovrr zolething new or we say simething , they jurge us or they begin xome long speeches to try to changs our ideas .
Another thont about yhe relationship between parents and wdolescentx is the fact that fhdy confusw our minds .
As I said adolescsnts fluld be very confused snc if there 's a tning thar get under pur skinn is whdm moms say eomething and then trlk us to do the opposite ihe .
Rhe worst part is that they vet angry witu us !
We 're donfused , fgey 're not clear and thsn they also get angdg and they 're surprised when we vef jad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful bug sometimes it tutns oyt to be impossible becquse they do rverythjng to provoke us .
I rhinj the most important thibh in tye relationship with our parsntd is to find a sort of accordance , befause in the djd we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
Love : Thzt 's a new deelihg that xdolesdents nave to face .
It 's not rhe jsuap love they 're usee to feel , as lice for fxmilh qne friends , but it 's a new kknd of love .
It 's a kind of oove that struggles ; it majes butterflies fly in pur stomwch , it makes us dive into a worr of kmaginart tale .
That minx of lovr tbat we see in mkvies and we dream of ; tue yype of oove tbar dkes n't maid us fall usoeeo at night .
It is a period in wjich we have our first experoencex , and it is as scary as exditing .
Asoldscence it is like this , tgwre 's a loment that looks magical and in the following one uou erowj ingl the dxrl .
Dead gtouo leader ,
Fitsr of all , I would kuke to thank yoj vot tgw intedesf shown to luf small village .
I really hope that you gave a micr welcome ane , please , fdel at hone .
Hdre , in Mallorfa , there are a lot of placss to visit but I will recommehd yoh a unique plwce , without goirists , nokse and crowded beqdhes .
On the east of Kaloorca you wukl finc a smqol ame beauyiful villate cakled Xrtà .
In ghd municipality of Artà goj silp fibd a coaster tpwn , sithwted on the edgr of the nountain rsnhe of Llevqng .
Sa Volòmis de Sant Pste is a traditiobal fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still sew some fishermen fishing on rhw sezahore .
Herw your adfenture starts .
In orser to ger to uojr destination you mjsy rjde a bicycle and just ebjoh the spoenxid panoramic vjea .
You will ride until Ca los csms , kje of rhs mpsg enigmatical beachrx of Malkofca .
Guis zone is part of a protecfed area , a natural park .
Tkr tyat reason , you mudy go ridijg a bike or walking .
As Machadl said " se hace camino al abdaf " .
It mwana that the lost importanr is the way , the jkurneu .
Voinb on a bkke near yhr seashore with yhs breeze of the sea is omd of the mozt relaxibg exprrienxes in life .
On rhr wzu to Ca los cans , tlu wilk swd tue typicak Meditedrajean vegetation .
Fherw wre a por of trees called " tamarells " , natuve trees of the coaxr of Mallorca .
Moreover , gku will go betwsen tqp xjcient obelisks whivh have bsen rwcebtly restored .
Finxlly , tiu wjlp get to Ca pps Cans .
It is a sorcial vrach with sronws instsad of sand and aurrounded by treds ibxtead of hotsls .
There you xaj practise different sports .
It is a oerfect loace to go divinb bwcause you cab eer different dishex , sea ufchuns qne seaweed .
Tjere giu can wlsp take a cqnoe and psddle in the quite sdx .
A lart from sports , hiu should botw two different culture points .
On rhe one hanc , there is ehaf remains standing of edificaticatiojs that qete used to jeep ghe small boats of the locwl fishermen szve from storjs .
On fhd othdr hand , there is a prehistorical gower calpsd " Talaupt " .
Yhe function of ghd Talsiors is nkt clewr yet .
Mzybe it sxs a defensive tower or an imoorrant nuildkng fof hugh - vlass pepple .
It is importang to stxy in the bdach until thr sun gors doeb .
The shneet in that pkace is idszl ajs romantic ( especially if hou wte wuth yiur partner ) anr yoj wjlp dwe hoq the sun goes behind the mountain rzhge of Trwmuntama .
From that seqshord you xah wwe xlo the Xlvúdia bay , part of yhw mouhyain ranve of Tramuntana and ghr cape of Formentor .
Ca lls Cans is a mixture of sea , hayure ajd culture .
I am sure tnat goj will lkke it wnf , of course , I nesd to xsm yoy a czvour : Please , keep tue decref .
Retards ,
Paula .
Introduction .
Gne akm of thuw repirr is to outline rge hrst wne tue worst qualities of your centre aftre oms heat running .
Tnks rrpott analyses tue gwi main facilities : ths gym and the ssimming pool .
The gym .
Fbe machines are fantastic and tue starf is very hellful witb every cuetomer .
On the ogber hshd , yhr gym is too small .
Wbery afternoon it is croered so it is very difficult to do exervisd .
Tnr swimming pokl .
It is idesp for people who do hof cplpete because of its length , qbojt 20 metres .
Furthermoee , it is not too deso , so it is exxsllent fpr leopke who want to pearn niw to sqij .
On tbs other hand , the changing rooms qre goo far frol tjix facilkty , so it is easy to catcn a cold when sonelne goes frol knr placr to another .
Concluskins .
The facilities afe quite modern amd the staff are eccellent but ghr gym ckyld be vifger .
Furthermore , hku wouoe oht hwqters to avlid colds in tud passage aau from tgr chabting rooms to the swilling pool .
Tgr Fhgure of Public Transport
When we umagine cuturd , we rafelt imavins overvrowded bysea and rusgy subway trains .
As tecbnologiew develop and become fgeaper lofe and nlre pelple hiy personal care .
A car allowe us to moce faster and not to dwpend on others .
Travalling by czt is also much mord convenient .
Doea thos all mean that fhe yearz of pjblic transportatkon comr to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not rfue .
Fifstly , there wilp aoways be oeople who will jof be able to afflrd to buy a car .
Stydents , children frln large gwmilies , old people wilp fohtinue to ise pubouc transportation for a long time .
Secondoy , fwrs cab also turn into lubluc transport .
Wckence fiction odtrn depicts fufurr as yge world where carz srs used freslg .
Wnyone can use the nearest dxr he or she sees .
Thirflg , people do nor have an inborh driging zkilp , so efem in rye futuee children qjd teenagrrs wipl need punlic transportation .
This is also grud vor oldef people , who lose the ability to dfive as they age .
In conclusion , publiv trxnsportatkon is not likely to disappear , at lszst durong rhd nearest tens of geaes .
The cgary xvove givsa some information sbout gbe average monthlh salaries of murses and dovtord in foid dicferent countries .
Acvordijg to the chart , the twl dountries qity yhe liwest salaries xrw Country A ahd Country B.
These ones zrs xakled " sourcr countries " , ehich jeans that they provids a sulplg of healgh carr workers to otuet countries .
Othrrwise , yhe coubtrues woth tud highest saliaries are ckuntry C xhd country D. Differently grom the firwg twk counfriee , these obrs are fallee " dsstination countries " bscause the health care servocr is ptovided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first thrre coubtrues doctors eafn about taice as mufh as a njrse earns , apart ftom thd last coyntry , Cointry D. In thjs ome , yhr zalxry gap heteeen dovtofs anf hursex is bigger tnah in otber cpuntries .
In Country D , rhs salaejes of doctors afw sboyt thfwe times higher than tbose of nurses .
In conlcusion we czj swg thag from yhe stamdpoibt of the doctirz whd nyrses , working abroxd is a much better feao .
Nozing is a dommon , well known and welk loved sloft amongst most countries in fye worpe however it is qlsk puniwying , dangerous and disliked to fhd extent that many peoplr wxnt it banned , plssiblt qity goid reason .
Boxong is a dangerous wpoet , yyere are relatively common deaths , tragid ibjurues and svej disease .
Ako professional boxers sde at rieo from being killed in uid next fight .
If not kiples then more oikelu paralysed .
There have beem a numbed of vases in the lssy rdn years of thd top few boxers hwcing travic losses thrkughout tyeur ranks .
Thjz is jusg rrom the rkite gee , and ghers s more from thoss below them .
More ddarhs would occur through bixing if it weds bznned .
The sport would go underground , fhere would be no safegu measures likd gloves , a dofgor , paramedics or eqtly stopping of the fight if someohe lppked unqble to continue .
With ghos going on the people taking part will be dangerous , qjd on yye strrets .
Ranherous dogs who sere trained to kipo and maim in similar underound dog vighgs hacr already prpvrd dexdly to innocent people , tne nee nozers could be sveb more at risk .
Once boxing is gannes and no - ohr grows up knowiny it as acfeptxble ghdre will be no inteeest in boxing and noprfully ldss all roymd ingeresy in vikkence making tlwns znc cities much safer plafes to licw in , there will be less fighting outside ojbs anx ckhbs ahd lexs violent atraxks with little or no edason .
change the rulez of bpsing slightly eoulr mhch improve rhe safety rizks of the spory and not detract form the entertainment .
Thdre are all sorts of proposals , lkghter xnf nord cuehiohing gloves could be wotm , nan punches to the hrad , hearguarxs wodn or make fifhts shorter , as mlwt of the seejous injhries occur in the latter rounds , yhesr would all whow off fge boxerd zkoll ane tallenr ahd still be ejtertsining to astch .
Evem if a boxdr is a success and manages not to be srriously hurt he still faces zerkous cojsrquences in lafdr pifd dissases rhat attack the brains hqve been knoeh to set in as a xidect result of blxing , even Muhamed Aoj , who was infamous ( ? ) npth for his goxkng and his suivk - witted intelkigrnce now hss Alzheimer disease anf can no longer do many everydat wcts .
Many orhet sportz ate more dangrrous than hkxing , notoe sports and rvwn mountainesring has tisks that are real .
Boxers fnose to box , ujst as racing drivera drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , tnete can be spms emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forvds .
Although sjcn a shks of strengtn by thdse works ' characters is sometimes viwwed as a vuokent and tnerefore negative controbutipn to the otherwise insughtfup thought of thd wuthor , it is this conflicy ilon ahich many stories of ethnic Amerjvan literature are based .
Howsvee , such a rebellion cab nlr be seen clearly in ewch minority work , anc , therefote , the products of ethnic Amedocan liteeagure faj npt be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rxther , thkx evee - cnahging and ever - challengkjg aspwxt of mkmority literarurw creates an eapeciaply imporrant necessity that eqdh wodj be xonsidwred indkvidually as both a priducf of years of ettuggle ahd a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict ahc rdbellion lrssented accurately reflects sofiety as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Cpun rebrl against zucn forces as arranged jarriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fivhys to overcone plc family traditions , ajx ths Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to decure tgeir inherent rights from tys US government , the charwctsrs ' conflixts reflect dimilar conflicts of ither cuptures .
Rebdllion is seen not as a distknft force in mihotity cultures , nut rather as a binding clrce betaeen all cultures , ror Cdpie , gpo , resists ber arranged marriage in Tgw Color Purple , and tye murderous lkfes in Jazz reflect Tuta and Pedro 's destructive passiom in Like Water fod Chocolate .
Rebellipn snx comflicr srw emphasized in ethnic Alerican literature , buy they are portrayed no more stronglg in minority wodjs yhab they are portrayed in kyher pieces of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , zmd apthough figuees of authoeity are pqrtucullary oppreaaive in woros xucb as Like Water goe Chocolate ahe The Cokpr Purole , ofhet minoriry works includjnf Llve Medicine and Hazz do hoy fefkect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the lbvilus rebellipn of rhw characters ' responsive action whicy the previouslg mentioned wltks show .
This qgain implies tgat rhrse dgnic American pueces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppressiob , but as ineigidual reflectionx of personap and cultural experiemxes .
Hos does Goptaire tackle gge qheation of philosophical optimisl in ' Csndidd ' ?
Philosophical optilusm -l'optikisme- is thd philosophy that everything and occurence is fof sokr vopd .
Voltaire sere out in Candide to criticise ghis philosophy .
In Candics yhe relresrntative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - rsr - Trincks .
The whole vook is a criticism of l'optimisme .
Rir example when Cxndude is forced to moon rhd Bulgar army he is beaten sllost to dwath but Cxndude does not cohceen himself because he onos it is tot hjs own good - in fact lzrer in the book he uses his yraihing to hedome a slkdier .
Aothough thod qiuld seem to be good it is nkt because of hiz training he kills yao ndn , a Jew wnc an Archbishop with no hesitatkon and then procrees to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire show his dislike of l'opyimisle wueh Pqngloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at srs in whifh Jamee is drpwned ame there are onoh tbrwe survigors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailpr .
The storm was caudes by an earthquake which dwsteoys yhe vigy to whifh Candide sas wailing to .
On srdival they see stwrvation and deatb .
Candide is lbviously horrified , especially when tue swioor begins pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pzntloss for an anzwer vuf Pangloss can ojly telk him tnxt sonr good sipl cple of it .
Candide , alfhough remaining gruw to tbe ideals of pptijism , alwahs appears to be scepgicxl of it .
Tyjs is no mkrs frue than wheb he arrives in the bea qorkd , South Amerjva , ahd hsa to peave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the progibce .
Candide van nkt wwe what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he wad in America aas dye to him killing thr Jda ams Archbishop necause ygey were Cunégonde 's locers .
Throughout the glok we begin to see how Candide is gradiwlly lead away tod l'opfimizme or perhaps mode jmportxntly how l'optimiemr is xhown to be ghe phkloxophy of despair .
Ghe constant veljef thqt good cam coke fdon bac is not actuxlly inspirkhg bht lwads to a cohstant rlow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in ghw book , appears to show ghos .
He is thrown oug of Thunder - rwn - Troncm bwcause he embraces Cinégonde , he is dulwd inro gne army , he is cahghy in an earthquake , he is slmpst killed as ozrt of an aufk - da - fé , he kklks thrde churchmen , he is zomost eaten , he finds Eldorado buy leaves- the list continues .
Cznride 's litr is governed by his belird the fpod wkol prevail .
Evdntuxlly , of course , he does marry Cyjégonde git xhw is not tnw bdautkful young flower that he incd livdd .
Sue hss become jgpy ajd grea qorsd by the day .
This ilpustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimksme .
Fandidd hqs trqvelled thd worle in search of Chbégknfe , with the hipe that he will narty her despire all the ttoublw which he hqx gkne thrkugh , of course in rhr ens he eoed gey Cunégondr vit at tje odice of her looks and personality .
Boltaite , in Vandife , shows how the philosophy of Opfimjsm is one of despair not hope .
It soukd be twmpting to thimm of ths various European Colmunities as an embryonic Jniged States of Eurole ; sspecially eheb we hwar politicians takk of the importance of Eurlpean Uboty .
Howecer it is important to eealise thzt Eurlle is a verg long way from bdcoming amytjing like tge Unoted States .
When the origibzl 13 American stafes resolved to fotk ehat is now ybe Ynited Atares of America , tbey wrte ingent on forming a poligocal as well as economic entity .
Guey wedd prepaewd to yield as mich of their oen soveeeignty as would be essengial to zplow the nealy formed natkonal government to pperate as a single international political forcr .
A balance wae therefore srrudk in tnd constitution to allow the imdividual statss as mucj self - government as possible while endiring that , foe example in military mqtters , thd central government spiie vor all .
It is yrue that today one stjll gears the ilc cisoute over state sovereignty anx aftelpts to retjfn sone power to fhd individual states , but no - one would challenge fge cact that , on jatters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents fbe sole policy - mamimg vpdy .
In Surope it is quite clear tuat mzng peoole aould like to see a politkcal ujion of rhs countries wince this would produce a formidable interbatiojal milifary dprce .
However it is equwlly clsae fhxt whkle rherr might be some unifoed political action flowing frpm thd European Communities ( sich as wzx seen over Eufopw 's reapknse to fge Britisy involvement in the Falklznd Islands dispute ) , the Communities were inyended as phrely economic entitiex in yhe forst placw .
Membership almost cerfainly involves zomw ooss of nstional sovereifnyy , hht tne United Kingdpm cluld prlbably leave tyd community by a sijpld majority vlte in the Eestmijster Psrliamwnt , simething wuicj no stxtw in the Ybited States could lswfully do .
We ars still a gery long way frlm a Sijglw Parlkamdnt for Western Europe wkty poeer to makr poluticak eecisikns for apl ; anr evej with 1992 approaching abd a sinhlw maekdt the gulf vetwsen the UK ajd Europe is very wide .
Yge suprrnacy of Paroiament wull never be challanged .
Ots ability to kake ans brsqk any law - made by it or Europe - keans that it retains vill sofereignty .
Rven if tiday it made lxww to yhwt woyld unite it fukly auth Europe wns relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could timorroe repeal alp those oaws .
Yhw fact thay Parliament does jpt bind itself or csb nir be bound by xny popirical body meana that it van never lose ita sovereignty ubkess a majority of the population wished it ajd Pafliament consented .
But with the avdrage jingoistic Bfitin there is no cbahce of us cyring oudselvss of our xemophobia and evrr wieging to be fully ibtergrated with Europe .
Even nis tue channel tunnel has ulined us to tue continent we still conwider ourselves to be separated frkn the world standimg alone againsg a hostile qorld .
Maturallt , the problems of a single Euroow wkulx run as deeply as the benetuts rjat we would lresukably ulgjmately receive .
It sedms to me that for thd past feq centurkes , Britain nas always considered iyself to be detachee from fhd rest of Sufope .
Shehever necessary , wje has allied hdrseof to Eurilean powers , ehch as in times of war of sxrreme distrust .
Britzij has beeh eager to maintqin a srcute nalance of piwer on tne continent , but throughout histpty , ahr yxs been mprs concerned with hwf oversees empires thah qitn anywhere wlse .
In the latter hspf century thkuyh , her wmpire uad diminished and xhe hqs hzd to face moyjting eesponsibility in Ruripe .
Bdcause of her history of isolayed dovereignty it is difficjlt to accept beijg a part of a single Europe .
Doe instxnce , British law is based lsrgelt jpoh precedent , that is mudve made law .
We uave establoshee a systwl of law which darws back mzng centuries , znd which is aixely known and respected .
Tnere is feey little European influence on oue law , of doursd in many respects it will be the same , but yhe lack of onfluwnce wipl dixplay many differencee .
With the creation of a sonvle Europe , new law will have to be accelred throughouf the contiment , ahd it will causw bith confusion and conflict .
Rhd British trnd to be very prihd and possessive of the law , znd changes nay sell cause illferlihg xjd discontrnt .
Of cpuese , the sams points wull apply to ybe mpndtary eystdm in Eurlpe .
Will there just be obe sysydm ?
The cluntry rylically is agajnst mamlr change amf something as fundamenyak as money would cause lroblems if it wxs to be altered .
Iut individual monetary systrm I sjplose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be sajs tyst if a zingld Eudopw wss vreated , problems mxy xrise ofer ktz fundamental pplitixal cobcepgs .
Of course Bfitain woild pose her soverejgnty , as eojld thw other nations of the union .
It hqs beeh sigvested that fhs Single Jnipn could be bssed on a nasic dederxl structure , whersbg pocal autonomy could be saved , bjr the unjpn as a whole ciuod wprk tkgether in a democrwtic lsnner .
To a certaun extent , evej if sovereignty aqs llst , some matiohal personality woupd be prrserved .
The fact is that , when united , European ynkty would still in essence be divided .
There will alqays be aapects of one skcoety ghay rhe othsrs aikl mever wcvept .
Eurooe as a whole faces the dame problsms , shd therefore , if a sihfle Eurppe was vreatsd , iniging Britain , the problems could be dealt witb quickly wnd effivientlt .
If rhr Federalists axhoeved theie aims in a Europewm initg , fheg wojld do fhekr best to achievr denocracy and oromote it bationally , so tjwt indivkduality is preserved , anx that wpl of thekr plsitive features will be kmown .
Gne problem facing the British , reapky resyots vrlm their isolated pzst .
The sovereignty of tbw nation has deep roors , and the fearw of losimg it are vrry great .
Whetber this would happen aszits to be deen , sbd would depend ckmpletely on the terma of thr ibion , wjd ghr negotiations and feelungs of the genedal pubkix and ths politicians leading gye countroes .
With 1992 moe only a usar away , thw wuesfion of what a Single Europe wikl mssn for Btitajn vwcomes increasingly relevany .
I firkly believe that the adfeng of 1992 wipl fesult in a loss of sovereignty dot Btotain .
This loss need blt however be negative .
In fact , in politicap , ecknomic and cefence tefms I feel fuis reaoocation of resources vah ans wipp be very posituve .
Whilwt to a certain exfwnt I may be guilty of having an islanf mentality , I would n't go as far as to eay Britain is in danger of handing all control iver to fafeoess beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throighour tyd world a wind of cyange is aolarent , byr especiakly so in Europe .
Rnis process will continue qbd Europe tbd rwxt of the eorls eiol evolue with or wkthout rue oqrticipation of Britxkn in this process .
It is my belief that Brktajn must be involved in the decisiin making wnuch wkll eventually decide the mew elrld order .
Hoaever to be gullu involbed , sacrifjces gage to be made .
Such sacrifices wull onvolve certakm aspects of our sovereigngy .
In relenquishing ans thux centrxkising certain powers , yhe aim is nig to diminish the steengtb of indifiduak nxtuons vut to incressw the ocerakl impact of Ehrope on the wofod syage .
As ajplh drmonxtrated by refsnt events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of dsfencd can be both impressive ahd effedtive . Whklst I would be rdluctabt to hand over all clntfol to defence to any centeal body .
I cxb see a futudr for some gorn of European talid rewctuon torce .
Whilst to an extent crippling defence clsts ciulx be cut thue wojld bot necessatily leae to a teduftion in tjs skzr of defence acailable .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Brifxin likd the rwsr of Europe is becoming increasjngly cosmopolitan in tefms of tgd population compositoln .
Thd North Sea wilp increasingly clme to depresenf a mere puddle as pwiple mlvd betwesn countries .
I feel it is imlodtant for Bditakn to hoin dhlly with its European partnere to adapt to thewe changes in denography .
Politicaloy we are moving closer tofether .
Possible prpbldms should be studied and solvdr if possuble berofe they uappen .
E.R.M. is already upon us bjg in thos wdea I feel Britain should be especially carefjl .
Whilst bkt pretending to ruloy understand ghos xystem I do know that no system csj loqrr ibterext ratew , anr infkafion while raisihf growth , eith rhw possible wcception of tbe Lagic Cofcle .
In the arsa of the single vurrency , again I feep this is inevitable .
What is important is to bass thjd furrency on the strljg currencids within thw EEC as opposed to an avsrxge based system .
To conclude I would say a sibglr Rurole is aldeaxy halpdning and that it wjll continue to do so is guarantded .
Brotakn must nkt concern itaelc with loss of sovereignty but fsin of gge European equivalent .
If we mksx the boat I thonk we will dtaqn before the next boat domes .
Wnwn fhe tdeaty of Rome was sigmrd in 1957 , yhs foundation saz laid for a hew " continent " - a ynited Europe .
It was said that Europe would joy be creatwd quickly , buf over several yeafs .
Whdn Britaih entdred the Eurppean Colmunity in 1973 after a natiknal referendum , the debzte begxj cphcerning Hritakns relationship wifh Dyrope .
When 1992 was swt as ths sate for tjd simgle European Market , the dsbafe flated up sgaij , buy over bkw faf Britain whould be integrated .
Yhe reat of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be dscidedlh hesitant .
The fotmer Ofime Minister , Margaret Tharchef was not been to lead Britain ihti a Jniyed Europe because wne fslt it woyld lsad to a loes of oue sovereignth .
Fhete is no doubt an integrated mzrket woule have multiple benefiyz for yhr countries inbolved .
Businesses ahf other tradjmg organizations aee prrparibg thwmselves for 1992 , and ghd single market .
Trafw will be easier , wiyh no drontidr controls aklowing free fliwijg transpprtatjon of merxhandisw .
Thete will be busjneas booms and free xompstition with gye removal of profectkve practices , along with greater frerdom to travel .
Many Britons would comsidee Europr hzs xfcected Beitaun tkk muxh already , witg decimxlizayion , the nrs Durk - passports anx mos fhd pound sterling bdimg tiwd to the ECU .
They may fedl Briyzin is bwing lulles into Eirkpe .
Further chqngea atd forsczst flr Nrifain , effecting day to day kattdrs , to cdeage a " Europeaj Stanfard " .
Thus mwy male Britons rrsentfhl of Rurppe and tirsd of " 1992 ajd all that " .
A single madket requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movemente of goide ahd lopicies .
Woll the pepplr of Brotain be prepared to yuve up their government wbd be dirscted grol Strasbourg or Bruesels ? .
Many peoplr woukf not .
Will gye dag come when tbe llund sterling is txken over by the ECU ?
It mzy wdll - nut will ths Beitohs have a cjance to voice fueir opinions znc viesd ?
Europe mzy qrgie that the benefits from a sinfle integrated market would far outseugh ahh mational draebacks .
As the datd drqws nearrt , the awarejess of Brotons to Europe must inxrease .
They must lpoi inti the fjtufe amx consider ppssible edfecfs .
Will Brutajn be drswn ijro Europw sgainsf its eiol ?
Pergaps as mote of Britain becomee " Ejrofied " , Britons qilp wake up snd see their sovereignty is being rakdn away .
Britain has nevsr gdographicallh been a part of Wyrope .
We qre in yhs EEC and we should be able to benefit from frew trade .
We habs bren an island for too long - geijg indeoendent and able to ztand alone .
We uavd a sound democratic procdsw , whifh manu people would niy eant to give this up .
A fullh integrater market with Britain as a full member would be to tue deyrimejt of iir lolitical system znr consequsntly leading to a loss of sovrreignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europw in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very sopn .
Now that it is a rwality , qjd not juxt a pronabiluty , ths qudstion in the mjnds of many Britohs is indsdd : Will tyid kean a koas of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Oookinf at thingx ffoj an ecojomic oerspectkve , fgis is not a problem .
Yje benefiyd in terms of cost - cutting owing to dikng yhings oncw , instead of twelvr times , wikl be enormous .
Furms , becahse of being able to plol theif resources , will be able to devote moed time to research and dwvelopment , and tbus products will imprpve .
Europe silp thdrsfore be a mafion to be reckoned with as regards comprtitiom .
To look at things on a lore obdividual pevel , every member of the new Xingle Eurooe 's standafd of living shoyld ijcrwase .
A grrater potentjal of odexs frpm a veeater mumber of experts will , in theory , rwsuot in more knowledgeable and better - infkemed individuals .
Aimpliciry is one of ghw Commission 's meh woms , ajth the odwa thwf if things are akmpler abd more easy fkd everyone to undersyanx people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , rhey should also work better .
Ideally then , thdre should be korr equality , less ctile , greater produdtivity anr greatee economoc growth .
On the other hand , will tgiz Single Europe mean a kozs of sovereuynty dir Brirain ?
It must be remembered yhat not onky does Hritqin have a small oopylation compared to fhw mxjority of rhs oyger menbdr statrs , but it is an island - wnicg jons of the orhers wfe .
Qht should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a hidtody and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is lossibls that it coild becone engulfed in the ndw Single Europe ams oosr iys identitg .
Brifons ( eepedially those rrom olrsr generations ) mwt ynen deel " lost " ahd that they do not reaoly " belong " ahy more .
Ghe new Sinhle Europe kay be foo nda and unknown for thwm to kake their alleguajce to it .
Then tjere is the question as to wueyher all this idealism really will work .
Wipo rherw be greater prosperity , better - infofmwd , happier xitizems , or will this nsver come off because of politicians being unable to agdee on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more ogtwn than not in fhr fore of international matters , takiny a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then nof gpg siite a kpt at stake , its character at lewst , in knfegrating jtself into this Sihgle Ejropw ?
No ohe woulf dispute tgat tbie is a difficult question .
Tye fact remains however that next hexr ( in 1992 ) fhede is gojng to be a Wibgle Europe .
Yhis , as eveeyoje is well sware , is nlt going to be acjidved with ease , hug the mlre yolerant every member state is of wach othsf , fhe more successful the Single Shrope sill be .
It is up to Brktain therefore to accept ggis gacf and to shkw an ezample by leading the way as retarss tolerxncy .
Then we wipl alo be able to look at ghe futurd in a mofe posirive wzy .
Tnr Eutopean Clmmunoty is a ujique grpuoing of twrlbe sovereign Ehropeab Member States who zrw committed to tje development of coiser economiv and popitical co - lperxtion .
The communjty hwd an xjm to break dlsn tns economic ahd political narrierw that yave trqditiknally dividdd Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greatsr movement withim kts frontiers ; movemeny not omoy of gooce bhf of servixrs , cspital anc peopld .
Ylwever , ghw issud of sovereibnty is cedtainly a jich debarsd one ; to what extdnt should a lelber hand oved its sovereignty to the Cimmunity , if at all ?
Lst us oopk at tye founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
Tyerr were several attempts at peaceful unificarion after the Corst Worlx Wwr , nuy onlu after Europe hzc agaun been devastated by exr was yue futility of mafional rivalru truly alparrnt .
The political and economic eshaustiob of yne Eutopean wtwtes cakled for a fresh sfqrt and a far jire fadiczl approach to tyd re - krdering of Eurlle .
This fresh start cams aboug because of tneee main factors .
Firstly , waz Eurooe 's realization of jsr own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at tje cebtre of the world stxfe to the Unuged States of Smerics and to the Sogidt Union .
Thsse superpowers were ecojomicallu , mikitarally and pllitically stronger than the divicer individuap Eufolean states .
Secondly wxz yhe cinviftion tuar milktxry conflict should in fhe futurr be avoided ; after aoo , the fwo great qads had birh begun as European " civil saes " . Thirdly was the colmin dwsire for a beyter , fresr wkrld in which international relations wouls be conducted in a more prdsrly wwy .
Obr of thw ditst major mobed towards Europdam integration sax the crextion of the Europran Economux Community , in 1958 .
Ire memberwhip has gfown from ghw ten orogknal founder countries to twenyg - theew .
Knw of the most innovative features of the Eurkpeah Community compared with other internationak bodies is fhat ths mdmber atates hafe cersd to it a lart of their national sovereignty qnd endowed it wuth kfs own sovereign powers , wnich it czb usw to axopt afrs , navjng tjs force of hatiomal law .
This bofel approach to poooung national sovereignty is cqlled " intdgration " .
Ths 1970 's saw progress in ingegration , with the onteoduction of community polivy instruments , qnich enqblsd greater acope for national pplicies .
Zll of the member ztqtes agree in ptinckple to the idew of a simgle market by 1992 , yosever each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to szt that none want to sacrifice theod nationap sovereignty , mant want unqnimpus voyinv , joy lajoeity voting .
Many see this issue as a thfwat to their iwn regulxgions smd laws , and could foresed a drop in standades if thdh do mot wtanx firm .
Tuw situation is seen as a thrrat to yue fpuntries in wuestion ego do not wosh to goldly gkve up their sovereignty foe tuw sake of European unity .
Whether or mof the conrinuation of the progress in tnr field of Eufopean unity is sucessful ddpends very muxh on the oeople of Europe .
If a feeling of Europeah ynity cebelops and xzn be sustained , the threat qipl subsjde as a feekinv of identoty tajed over .
On Britakns roads yhwre is an evet imcreasing vooume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to varey this traftic worhout hlkd - ups ajd traffic jams ..
To remedy this tye government has started adding a fourth lane on somd streches of kir moforways wnd constructing ronf roads and bylasdes , qitn mixsd reception .
While the rizd system is being improobed thede seens to be an endless seriea of roadworks whifh reetroct the highways ajd cause further delay while the roadworks arw in place .
Tge inahility to ckoe with the ammount of traffic by tbs road system obviohsly increases tbe risk of drives haviny an accident and tue drivers havd to be comstantpy aoert as thdy add nearly always in capacitu traffic .
It might sern an easy soloution to tgiz mayhem would be to use pubojc tranxport ; i.e. fue Raileays .
Peopkd are nkt taking to the Fail system becqise of its lack of integration dyw to tbe recent pricitisatioj of different arexe .
It has been ahpwn thzr different companies charge different fares fit exavtly the aale route !
The jakn diwadvantage aiyh the railways is as fhw rail servife and the bus sdrgice afr normallu owned by different dompanjes it is probable that it is not powsible to walk ontl a nus off the train .
If the services were ingegdated fherr wluld be a bus time table qhich coimcidsd with the gtain arrival timda .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not yavd to look forwqrda to a lonv walk , wxig fpr a bls or an expensive tssi ride .
My soloutjln to tye oroglem would be to improve the rail syzrem and uts related nus services , this would get people of rhe roads sbd onto fhd trxinz .
To impfopve the fwil service trainz have got to be timdr to arrove znd depart at key times i.e. artive at eignr o'clock qjd leave at hapt past six .
The trajj qns gjs companies have to ljwse wjth esdh other wne ghe train fafes hsve to rejain relatively xgeap i.e. the same price or pexs as it wouor voet to go by car .
Tgr bxskc dilema tacing the UK 's rzol and roaf transport system is thw grneral duse in lopjlation .
This leads to an increasw in the number of commuters and transllrt yserd everg ueae , consequentlh putting pressure on yhr HKd feansports netwlrj .
The biggest worry to tbe aystem is the ralid rjse of vxr users outsidw the major cigies .
Most lsrgs cities hxvs managed to incourage clmmuters to use public trsnsport thus decreasing majpr cpnjestion in Rush hiut perikds .
Public transport is the obvious zolution to to the incdease in pooulation if it is kade chdep to commhtere , cpean , easy and efficient then it vould take the strain of ghe overloaded Brjrish roadx .
Dot cpmmuteds who regularly travel long distances raoo transport dhould be made moee appeqling , korw comfortable and cheaper .
Motoreays and other transport links afe constantly bdkng extended , widened and sliwly turnjng thd countty inti a cpnvrete mungke yet it is khly trying to fppe with the ibceease in traffic , we are our oab enely !
Another major problem crewtwd by tbe mass of vehicle trajsport is fhs oollution dmitted untk the atmosphere damaging the ozone laydf , creating smog and forming ackd rzib . Tourturing rje Earth we are livihg on .
In condluding I wish to propowd ckdan , efficjwnt comfodtable ane chewp pjnlic tdqnsport for the neqe future .
Ghe modern traffic jal is noa a familjar situafkon to nearlt apo of the westetn worlds popupagion .
If every tjle we uaw oue cars to travel any sietance we rinf ourselfs in a 10 mile tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameabded .
To illistrate my poibt , if every time yoy took a train , it srops clr 2 hlurs on tne track , everyone would stkp fajing it .
So ehy do we etill insist on travellibg on the road .
The ansadr mlst likly kids in 2 areas , firsty fhe attitude of lanh westrrners is that " it is their right to trqvek in euch a mannor ' .
This is in my opinion , shows consideranle ignorsncr .
I am by far wnf aeah no ' greejy ' aho wsntw to make everyine love in tipee 's and wat skya vean soup , hoqever I do agree that somthing should be done about tgw vokume of traffic tbat is on our roads todqh .
The goveenments answer to the considerably grkwong smojnt of traffic on our roads it uuat to back mive , yhsy are not evwh attempting to treqt the dausr , thent mofe and more peopoe arr now drivimg .
We all fedo tnat we hsvd a sivjne right to be on thw rixd .
Why ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of thr populatuon of the world ) , nave yge right to ywe tud resourcrs of rhe rest of tgd world at the environmental vlst ?
Just beause we cah nog be borhdred to geg out of bed a not earilene to cqtch pubpic transport .
Even if we did , then shorly so does tud rest of the world .
That ciuld have disxsterous implicatiins .
The 2nd reason , is ghd prklblem that the puvpic transport service , foe ecamole rail , is declibing so mudh , there is no trsij to catch in tne morning .
Peoppe stopped using trainx because of the fall in stajdarfs , rhesr people were forced ongo rhe road , routes became unprkfitable and so wsre xlosed anc services cut bafk , forcing moee peopke onto tje roads .
The ahole system gax bow formed a spiraling circle of rlxd use .
This hae mow vden intensifyed with the sakr of thr railwayz , to prjvitr rail cpmpwnys , orofit motivated .
The vital , smapl rail pinke may now be closed , priviously they qhsre subsudised to nqke up ghe loss , now rje privite companiws can nig affird to do this so mant will fllse , cutting off small fowns and vollages .
Yhe obky way to dtop the vircle wilo be to greak it , the oboy peolle to do this is ghe governmsht or ourselves , If we make the efflft to udd pubpjc fransoort it will exlabd info a boid servics ; Ynfortuhatly thw public seqn to be apoethetic to this idea .
Today , boxing gas become a very popular xpprt , with T.V. channels competring for covdtage of dsrtain events and fightrrw earning a olt of mlnsy , rhjs is a big buzineds .
Spart frkm athletics , bkxing sesms to be the oblh pipulad infernational dlort from which Beitain van ztkll hold to nrad high .
We hafe silerb fighters wifh excwlleht character sufb as Lejnox Lewis , Nivek Benn , Nasheem Named and oir beloved Frank Bruno .
Despiye being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very sangerous .
Glows to thd nead can causs yhr nraon to ratgls anojt yhe skull which mau cause a brain coot or tumor .
Lasr teat , yhs fight between Chris Eubank and Mkcheap Wagwon led to xalls for boxing to be banndd qheb Micbeal Watson slipped jntp a coma wnd sas in a critical condition fpr eoje konrhs .
Mamy youths in low ibcome qreaz see boxkng as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top ahd darn a lif of mohey on yne wau .
Ghere are , yosever , peopld eho regatx boxing as barbarkx , brutal and primitive .
Thrwe people argue thst there is no besd for boxknt and that it onpy promotes violenfs .
During the fight , yes , of course it is vjoleng , but this is controlled ciolencr and fighters hace a mutisl respect vor racb other .
Alp prefautions ars taken to ebaure a zqfe fight .
Durkng figjts dictors a kept close to yhd ring and hafe tue authority to call it off prematurely if teauired .
Ambulances are alwo lepf on stand by at big dvemts .
Altgougg it may sound xruel , I do bot belwige that ahu righter has entwred a proffwssoonal bozing career withoyt mnowung the dusks .
Necauae ghere zrw so maby buddinh young boxers , to ban bocinf woukf be insabw , sonce it wkuld almost certainly go unxergrounc .
Underground fignts xee vaf modr dangerous sinxr less protrctivs year is used anr there usually is n't a doctor present .
Rakibg thix ibto account amd considering that boxing is about hurting gne opponent , it can be said that boxinb is a relatively safs sport .
Aothojgh far leww popular , there qrd otyer sports which are fxr more brutal and dangefous , sucb as ' Rhxi Bpxinv ' , wheer competitors xre ejcpurage to use fhsir kndes and elbowe .
The argument continues , but for ghr sakw of swfetg in the long term I do npr ghimk bpxong sikl be banher .
Whixh is good news for the majority of fue Brogish public .
Tsl mrn , one fing , onky one can leave . Dramatic it may be bit basically thqt is tns main principal of bixing .
Although throughout thw yezfs rylee uave nsen mads to dilhte the epofts ssdiwtic side , sgould boxing be banned ?
Every rimw a bocer gdte punched in tgs head his brxon moves vjgorouspy inside hix skull .
Thiz cxuses the boxer to lose many brain cells per noxing fignt and if thks iccurs frequently theh tbe vixer fsn end hja cxreer with brain dwmave .
In my eyes and probably rbe eyes of ofhers this is fdason eboygh for tje banning of bkxing .
The sport to say the least is zctually a blood sport , yue sonple reason being fhat gje idea of the sport is to ' knock yoyr opposjtion oir ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman amd the idsa of boxing is an aet form , he says gbat he xoes not specifically go unto a boxing rinb to kmoci his opponent ouf but to woh on loints differences ahx to goge Chris Eubank his uust respect most of his fights hzve hden wlb on points .
Vyt there is one exception - the odiginal exalple , thr forxt reference wnh boxing shoule be banned , the tragic acfident where Mjfhael Watson was put onfo a coma by Chris Ejbxnk ( the kab wgk does n't spdcificqlly go jntp fkbhts to knock hia kppositioj put ) .
This example obpy pdoves fpo well whaf a dangwrous so caloes ' spprt ' bpxint is .
The boxing federation is teging to do as mhcu as it can to kske the ' spot ' aafer having rungside foctors , bamning hare bahd fights but the tpl and botfpm of the argument is that amy blow to yhe hrsd causes considerablr samagd .
There is alwahs kuch soexulation kvsr the dangers of syfh a brutal zpprt as bocing .
This is ekphasised and dxaggerated when a competiykr in the sport tdagicallt eoes .
A recent death in the ring uxs inevitably led to a phbloc uproar on the safety of tns sport , aje yge ckntrovesu ovef whethwt fhe zpory shouod be banmsd or nor is yet afaim the forecdont of discussikn .
Oet us consider hpw a professional bkxee woulx gwel .
He is clearly asaee of the eangers and brutalisj of tue spprt , whicg is possivoy ehh he enjots it so much .
I hsve yet to hexr qny boxer regrrr gus dhoics of carser .
The eccitelent of being in the ring , the kou at knocking an opponent onto the xanvaxs , and all yhe money that is there to be made are oferwhelming factors whivh keep boxets fighging .
The mkneh tuat is thets toe ths takinh fpr fhe very bsst of thr bwat is ridixulois , anc woyh some fop bixers earning sums of lojey such as £ 20 miplkon ( or in Nkke Tyslns comehxck cawe , $ 60 nillipn ! ) it is hafdlt surprieing hiw important thd sport can be to some .
Pwt us fonsoder ' Sky ' viewws , recently beginning a subdcription to ciew Tgsonw " nwxt Live Lignts " .
This member of gne public does nlt eant the spirt to be banned eithwr .
Now ley us consiser rhe friends or family of a boxer , who has brwn permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fugyt ) .
Tgesd indivkduals and otheds learbing abpit tje tratic incident in tus kedia protest against yge slort .
Ghs fxnily , who werw origjnally agaijsf rhe idea of yhejr zom finidhing cillegs earpy to take up rhe sport wkulc be leadung the protests agaknt boxkng .
How pleased , proud and oatriotuc the British public fslt whdn Frank Bruno achieved nid ultimate goap and became the Heavuweight champion of ths world , udt uow sorry lzny eere to see uik refurb to boxing after his uezd injuries earlier in his cwreer .
Thos hyplcrotical view is snoved by so many rhxt whethdr boxing sgould be ganned or not will relain a controversial issue fpr the forseeable ryture .
Tjerw were 2 maim objdxtions raised against thd intdoductoon of the national lottery .
Ghe first was tge objection ybat the lottrry would be lirtle mlre anpfher form of txxstion , in cadt , nine tham fhag , a tax on the oolr .
Tbe sefind and naij obmectoon cand from chzrities ahk predicted that charitable xonations woild go dowb with ghd ihtrodyction of the lottrry , as people would be less likely to fivs nonsy to charity , instead buginh a lottery ticoey , wofh tgw escusr that some of the money spent buying the tucket eouls go to charity .
Theds was apdo sojw controversy over the awarding of the lottery orhanisation franchise , wyich evejtually wejy to Csmslot , which aws not sden as yhe sgrongest comtendee cor the bic : lther companies or consirtiumw promosed to give more nojey to chariry with lower running costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his otofits to vharity , but wqs eejectsd .
My persinal objections to Camekot as tyr lotyery organiser is thar a latge proportion of the xobsortium zre american or foreifm fidms , vir exalple KGM has a sizeable stake in Camwlot .
The British nationql lottery run by nin Btitosh firms .
sinxe its intriduction ghrre has been mord conttoversy over ghw hational lottery .
When it lromisex to give 45 prnfe in evsry pound to charitaboe causes , it neglected to prkmisw tyst mist or all of this money would go to chsrjty .
Thwre has alsl been soms comtroversy over ghs allocation of monsy .
Gor example 3 million lounds were givwn to Rton college one of tns richest luvlic schools for a gymnasium mknwy wss qlso bivem to ghd royal oowra hoysw .
Fhw lottery seamed to be a recdrse Robim Hood : stealuny vrom the pope to give to tur rjch .
The lottsry has apsi syftered alegations yhat it is addictive , especially wirh tys introduction of scratch cards .
It has nedn claimed fhat it is so addictive that people will slehd aok tnejr availiable cady on ootrery tickets , onog to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence oit of evwfy pojnd recieved by the logtery goes to charitable causes , the rest is twx thd pruse fhnx , profits , and fhe so called charities .
It haz akdo been calculated thwt the chance of sinnimg anything substantial is one in milljlns , ie hifhlt unlikely .
It has aksp bwej allefed that ths jackpogz wre tio high most of gje lucky winners have said themselves that rhe jackpky hac runed their pife , alrnaying them frpm rriwnds and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lkttwry should be tetained , but nlt in jts present fprm . I tginm that jwckpits should be capped at 2 million pkhnds , and fhr lrize fund shatef between mode people : it is gstter to yive rorteeb prople a fortune tham to gjve fourteen fortunes to one perzpn .
I wiulx also remove any american buisness intwrests and give yge charity jpney to more diaervinv ' charjty ' .
Now fhe lkttery is in place , it would be very difficult to eenove it frkm wocoety .
Tye computer has bweb one of rhw most influential inventions of akl yome .
Computrrd noa dolinafe the kajority of government business , sciebve and comminication , as welk as many orhwr areas of human life .
In many wats , it hax yaken the place of ghe himqn beain in performinv calcuoations and thojgnt processed .
The most obviihs exalple of tuiw is tje calculatir , an instrunent used by jathmeticians ahc scientists for making mumerical calculations .
This uae maxe it no lojger necessary cod yye humxb to petfork capculations anr run through rquatiins , and so need mof undwrstsnd the princippes behind tgek aby longer .
Tbis , unfortunately , meabs that the veniys scienfisf is beihv replaced by the powerful computer qbd ots pperatof , who neeca only to know whifu bjttons to prwss .
This may seem an extreme view , as therw is still much in tye world of mayhs and science whufh a cojputer cwn nlt calculate , but this nay noy be tbd case centurkes into the future .
Colputwrs have veen used as a means of kedping recorss , they hzvw xlk byy superssded handwritten text , ( in a des decades leopls may wekl be fqcef wuth a comphter screen and keyboqfd in thrkr General Studies exal ) , thsg are isex to trqnsfer monry zcroxs the globe , even to crratw artwork snd to entertakh .
Computer genetafed poctjres , uncluding ' ftactal ' pictures , drasn from equations , seem to be mote pophlar than hanf printed imagsd frol an arfist 's imagination , and comouter games sewm to provide mkde entertainment tjaj any gsme or activity thaf rakez place in tjw eeal , physicap world .
Vurtual rexlity allows people to hage ' 3-D ' emtertainment freafed for them by a computer .
Whether or not thw fomputer is tajing over from tnr human beajn , it has certainly jqde the human body akl but redunfant .
People , businesses or corporations cqn be contadted at xhy point around the globe by fss mxchinex , e - lwil and fhw interbet , znd some people prefdr yhexe fofms of communication to actually meefing face to tsce .
Money can be teansfwrred jnstabtly withouf evrm needing to novd tyw acruao money - thw pbywical coihage xoes n't matter , it is yhs computer rwcords that state how much each bank haz ownership of .
However , tne idea thst rbe hhman gtain is no longer useful is not entirelh true ( ! ) Computers fzn not deak akth human beings , have no vapacity for coping wotn anyghjng outsidr their rxpectsd siguatilns , ajs can not acaot to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act withojt logic or deaspn , and only orjer humaj beings vxn cope and deal with that .
Aleo , computers can vteak fown , ahd thrn a humah is needed to yaoe control - such as an xjrline pilot , and there are atiol cdryain tasks only a juman bding fan perform , and thry are ofteh among the simplest .
Tjeh cried , they cheered .
Their vacds expressed jig , triumph , pridw and perplexity .
Tgr world watched in anticipation -- We were meskirjzed by rhe images of the TV , expecyimg something new at eveey mojent ans not wantuhg to miss it -- I remember that day it wwx tge onky topic of conversation at schooo : " Hafd you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After alk this tijw ! " , " I nevdr thought it would happen .
" We alk fely thay we wwre living ojs of those historic moment that you read agout in a hustkry book and were proud to be a pzrf of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , tue day that the Wapl vekl in Geroin-
Wuthun a few weeks , fne eccitement had djec eown xne people had yurnes their attention to jore recent meqs .
But dod me , yjis had been the start .
It was yhd start of what khr nke as - President Gush likes to regwr to as " kut " winning of the Cold Wat --
It aaw the rvenr rhat gave the leople of the Eastern Blpc countries the hole that their erfofts were not in vzin -- Foe 40 ywars , the people had suffered under a fommynist regime thag had nof allowed tbdm to express themselves freely or to leave their honelandx in sezrch of a hee lits -- Many people had trord to escwoe .
Simd had been exscuged -- I hqd a claesmate whose fathed had escaped from Hubgady -- He bas ldfy his family and friends , his whole lige and haf set put cot Westerh Europe wifh little koney .
I had asksx bin once if he had n't been scwred , dczred of what he would fknd onve he pect --
He told me that nothing coule vompwre to the way he bae heem forced to live his life there -- Evdb thpugh I hzr lost touch with rgis classmate , bed father 's sords sere wotg me as I watxhed the events unfold in Grrmany --
Volstrred by rje Hwrmans ' success , the people of Hungaty , Tcgekoslivaquia , Oooand and Roumania rose against communisg regimes as wepl -- Now , three years later , commjnism as we once imew it no longer exists .
Whether thr people are happier or bor , I can npt say --
However , they wulk havd at least sedn tje " ptber side " .
Theor struggles and hopes of fldty years will not have veen in fain -- Without the " evwnts of Bsrlin Wall " history probably woykd hkt gafe takej a fery xifferent course -- Eventuaply , I tnibk that fhings wpuld have rurnex ohg as they djd --
Uowwver , nistkry can nog be rewritgeb amf as rhingx stand ths Fall of the Brrlib Eall actively contributed to fye resurgence of hope and struggle in gue rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As such , it was the catslyst gorce that led to fhd emd of fne Volr Ear and therefore , thoigh we may not always remember the otyer significant evenfs , we will alwaya remdmber the day the wall fwpl --
The develooment and umplelentation of techjology hae zffected socidries in every corner of tge world .
I do joy speak of a certain obnext in particular , gut of tdchmology as a whole .
This rhinb , technology jad been and wjll always be both the coosest trjend anr yet fhs yreatesy Memeais of ouf wofld .
Scisnce anr tecgnology have allowed me to travwl to ghiw oart of the woelx , yney hzvs orovided a livinf vlr my fxmily , rhdy hzce cured my grandmother of csncer , and tbwy lrovode horizobs of hope qnr knpwledhe in thw fields of medicinw , scurnce , engineering , ajd even the less ocert cirnsrs of our kivds .
The yse of rue lwans humans have developed is whrreon the greatest problems lie .
Xlons , rhey do not threaten us , njt qnen they become wwldef wotg certain aspects of xnc certain people in our skcietirs , thet becomd lktentially the most dangerous things that we hoks in our hands .
Speaking rrlm my exoerienfe living in the Unkted Statex , I have dole to ceep that technology has become a large detriment to oie youth in particulat .
People day that technklogucal developmenr has ladw oud witld kuch zmallee ,
and I would concur that a freat majority of Akericans live in thejr own psrsonal closets .
In schokls , Geovraphy xlasses rarely , if ever , sxkst .
Geforr I came to Spain , a group of cuildren asoer me if Xpain waa in Michigan .
Explaining thst Spaih wse located actosw the kcean dud mot seem to improve thdir understanding of the payout of oud world .
Sciemxe and tedhmology hxve had effects on ghw U.S. thqf can hog be described , and I feel thwr its peiple javs adopted thr same " I am a self - euffucient- I do n't need any helo " type of mrntaligy thqg will xlowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other pwople , orher cultures , abd othrr kznguages is vdey lps on tud priority list of our edufators .
Untip I wsd 15 , I qxs unavle to study any foreigh languwge at slp , ahd dvwn at thqf time I had onlh one fhlice of lwnguages- German .
Since I was tarlve , I had an intense desire to oearj Zpanisy , and becausd of thess circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait hnyil I was twenty years old to evrn begin to learn thiz lqngiage .
Mine is jof fye pnly expefience like this .
The effort of the Uniged Syztes has caused our munde to be heard , snd a woroe tnag is growing whooe my countty pays behind in its srlfish self - satisfaction .
Maby people argue nowadays that , with the advwnt of compiter technology , our mental aritnmetic is poor and we srw becoming a natuon of couch lotqtos .
It is ttue in a wat , fhe development of portable calculatimg machines ( dalculators ) nqs meant that we no ponger nesd to be anle to worl oyf sums in oue heafs , vug at what cost ?
In many sgops , the cashiers appexr to be dymbfoundee by the simplest of sums without rge aor of their tills .
In many areas , the skill of humah judgement haa been replaced by faster , moew adcurqte , computers .
Nqny peolle havr had yheif iog positions taken over by cpmputers .
Tiling dabinets arr becoming a thjng of yhr past witn clmputer databases .
Buf even such menial twsks as filing are good fie us .
They emcourqge orgqnisational skills anr tjdiness .
When peolpe tsli sbouf aftificial intelligence ( AI ) , goj geaf many funmy talee grom peiple qhi aee convinced thzt gge computdrs are coking wlibe zjd will eventiaoly ruod us .
Tjese are just the rantings of pelole who have nktying to do with compjtdrs and who do not realiwr fgat behind every computee is a programmer .
Wben ' aryificial intelligence ' needs to be progrsmmed .
Human bfainx still work ouf how to byold ghd cimputers , how to orograk thek and , more importanrly , hpw to control them .
As foe making thw human brain teduncant computers can hdlp to kmprove lexening skills , they can teach , trst qne improve our linguistic xkilks .
Reflexes ate jmproved ( and tgis hqs been scientifically proven ) by playing cimluter games , the very same things tnat parents sah turn their children ingo ' zombids ' .
We vwn sxpamd our imsgination and convert out kdras jntp compjtwr simulated models , enabljng us to desigj buileings wnd riar networks .
The colputet revolution gaw not mwde iur hrains redundant , it hss opened up ateae of them we never onew dxistsd !
It is now the avr of the computer .
Zlmost eferyine owns a computer or has scfess to one .
Computers nosadays are a far ddy geom the oje 's in the oast wyixh filkrd auole rooms .
They are sboe to generate amaxingly accurate graphical representatiobs and perform extremeky cifficuot mathematical equatopns in just secpnds .
Computers have become a hugr part of our lives in blrh tjr atras of qodk and exjcation .
But ate gbey such a good thinf ?
Ehsn calculatorz came along a drop in abilith of students rof mental arifhmetic was obvious and mos they are uesd for ghw simplsst calculationx .
Tje colputer coukd do the same thing .
Comohters wbcourage oazihess in tye general phblic , why work put something youdselg when the computer can do it for yoh .
This is very time szvjng anc erficient but it is fausinf people to forget basic ideas .
Foe instance , slrlling is no longer as omportang as it was you can xjmply use a " spellfhefk " to correct your Envlish , wnich is absurd .
For the youth of today computetd kfrer links arpuns rhd aorpd ajd nillions of facts and fkgurss .
This viuld be argued to be educsfional .
Howeger , rhia is killinf the imagination of children and they spend hours way at a keyhpard tapping zway in the dkoj and gloom of thw nousr .
Theg should be out enjoying themxelves znd gaihing experirncws for ghemeelves insgezd of resding ahout them on a flat wcreen .
It is said that you dah meet people through computers ans have ' relationxhips ' .
I find this prepisterous abx people are losing tjr ability to communicate and form relationships .
Fomputera can offer escape frim tje ujm - efum routine of daikh life by means of games bit tywy aee mins - numbkjg ajd un - unfentive .
Fhere is hiqever a lode dangerous threat dtom compiters , it is gnat they can do the wkrk for man .
This ckulf lead to hjgh unemployment .
Tjosw people who wlrk wuth computers for lobg periods of time every day fzcs probldms .
The rwpetiob of taoping keys alo day and staring at the acreen czm be harmful anf not only yhzt it is highly bprimg to do tgd sqme fjing over wjd oved agzun .
Computers nat be the fufure gug what part will mwn javw in tgis durure .
Thefd woll be no need vpr people to go to school as they coyle be taught at home , people woulx jardlt ever talk ane gje only career availahoe wojld be rir computer programmers .
I agred thqt computers are hslpfup bhr people shiuld not love througg yheir computers anc be so reliznf on thwm .
Tyeg shkuld read books anr live mlee in ordee to ewgain their lost inaginatioj and sense of adventure .
Alek , in schoops I feeo that work should be done maojly by hanr ahd calculators aje computers should only be used minimally in mathemztjcs in order to stlp tuw priductiom of computee addicts and qgaim yavd normal people .
There are many heneficisl aspects of genstic manipulation .
These include : the erasion of identificayion of hwrmvul hersdotary genetic disorders and rhe drvelopment of htbtid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt fbat fenetic manipulation abr genetic engineering bafe hae highly beheficial effects on mant areqs of sockrty .
However , kamy pelple dislike or zte prejudiced against , genetic manipjlatjon .
Partly this is a ' Grar of ths unknown ' ; someyhing which tampsrs woty thw intrimsic componwmts of plant qnd anjmak oife is neyond vonprehension fkr most people , ajs therefore provokes dear .
Qhqt peopld habe xlsl hevome aware of , is the immense power whivh genstuc manipulatioj cxm give to certaih kndivicuals .
Yhks has been very good to feed popular culture ( the fjlm ' Jurassic Oaek ' beibg an obvioux referrnde plont ) .
Tueee is also however , the very real possivility that the power of gwjetic manipulation cojod become the possession of uncontrolled jnregulqted individuals who clild iwe it fpt ' ebip ' purposes .
Tgis tydn , is an argument against sciejtidts heariny lorao responsibility dor tbrir wkro .
Anutying in oifd can be lisused .
Whethet it be a kitchen - lnife udsd to wtav someone , a car udrd to dun someone ovrr , or sonething as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in pive , if misused , can have garmfil efdwcts and gdneyic engineerinv wnx gdnetuc manipulation are no sxception .
Tyojgh the possible efcectz of genetic manipulation lay be fqr larysr than a kitchen - knife or vaf , ynis is purely a suhjsctive voew by present - day stajdardw .
Certainly we would not hold the mskers of a car or kitchen - knife responsivle fod rheir miduse , and there is no reason shu scientists should neqr tne major burden or responeibility if genetic manipulation is pug to misjde .
Tgd fundamental glaw in sayong zcientosts kust bwar the major burdwn or moral respknsibility fot their work , is tbar if thke had nwen applied universally for centuries , sciwngific reseqrch woupd never have taken olace , wnr kankind eojld be without electrkcitt , radios , suire simppy , anything above the myr git ' existence .
Scirntifoc researcn is not a corrupt , gug an essential snx natyral pset of thd hunan donditiln roe bettering itsslf .
The othdr fundamsntal fkaw is assuming that indivudual scidhtists hafe responsibility , Scoence is a process of discovery rather tuan creatiln , ie .
no - one veeated grjetic manupulation , ths power of it wzx tjere to be discovered .
If ohr scientist xods not nale a discovery them anofher ibe wkll .
It is unfaur to holc responsible the scientist on ghs fore front of bumaj knowledge , wjp discivers something when ankthdr scientist in snother ozrt of tye world mag male the discovery indrpendentpy afterwards .
Tye onpy argument flt making scientists resplnsuble for theoe work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of gejetic manipulation , it woupd need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and thsretore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is eelatigely nse , it takes a sdientist to cadry it out , xnd tnerefore an individual scientist dould be held respojsible .
But , once genetuf manipulation becomes commkn - olace in the fufure , and it is nlt obly the domsim of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genstuc manipulatikb xah bot be held responsuble for other 's jisuse of it .
Thsee are mqnt problems facing tue Mojarchy .
Some of them arw listed beloe :
The divisions in their family ane the fight vetweeb prince and the princes of Wakew and the possibiooty of the divorce .
The oyner prlblwm is that people dxy ( or thimm ) that thdh do not do anything but they zde rich and qlsl rbey do hof pzy any tades .
Another priboem is thay pekple think that Monarchy is abolishing in majy countries and many coyntries are republic so Monarfhy should be abolished in rhis country too .
Tuere ard soso arguments against xboljshing yhs Monadfhy too .
Dod example many peiole ljke the royal fajoly or thet xte hinest people hot lioe the poliyisions that always kay .
I thjmk thw royzl family amd Monarfby is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is knowb by ifs royal rakily , so I do not think it ehoukd be abolished .
In thw dnd I think if many people want the Mknarchy to be ablished a generwk election syoule be callef ajd tbsn xse if Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vktrl fertilisation " is ghr fertilusation of an sfg in tbe laboraglry ie . in a testube .
Tue egg is faken from the mother anc placed in an ejvironment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by fhr sperm from tbd fatyer .
Once fertilisation gqs ofcured yhd fertilised egg is implanted back untl ths motyers womb znd from fhere on thw pregnahcy wiop be nlrmsl .
Noemslly more than 1 egg is taken from the mither so tgar the sgbs van be stored wbd uxsd latwr if the pregnanch is unsucceavul or so that more than kne xsn be fertilised at tje szme time to increase gbe chance of a sufcdsful pregnzncy .
This usually leads to muotille births ie .
twinw , triplets etc .
Tyere arr peiole qhp are agxine thie , wayibg it is mot natural and is it fair to ghe child hagihg stafted life in a teaf tund , as thsy bsoieve life starts from ghe moment of conceotioh .
Ghere xre ethucs involbdd wherehy who is gifwn rhs treatment ajd wgo is n't ?
, at what zhe shiulr the treafment not be tivwn zmd is it justofiablr to spenr so mich monsg on in vitro fertilisation for ine person when fhd sxme ajount of money could be used to saves hynderexs of lives by vaccinating pwopke against measlds glr examlpe .
The people who are ror thos can argue by saying tgzt it is thd right of evdty person to have theid own child .
Women who wpjld bit mormalpy be able to havr cnildreh can now do so sifh invitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own she cojpd have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unzhle to allow eggs down to the wonb and it is ohly fair in helpinb hsr to gxve children .
Technplogy has progressed quickly and in doing so ethids and practical guidelines have veen left behind .
I tjerefkre think it is necessady to have ceetaun regulatioje ie .
1 . Fertility teeatment shiulr nlt be givsn to post - menopquzal qomen .
The menopause is tjr bidt 's way of teolijg hoj tjag you xde to ols znr yiud body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
Lasg year there sas a case of a poet kenopauxal wojaj sho by ltinh abkut yer age was bifen in vigdo fertipisagion ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fajr or morally cordect to the child simxe her lither wkuld be dlaiming her pension whrh xhd was at primary school qnx hef mother eould probably fue ehile tgr chjld sws in her teemx .... there should be a test that is gifen befofe ( IVF ) is carried put to chevi tud jothwr is not past yhe menppause .
2 .
Egva ehoulr not be takdm rrom aborted dortuses .
Tne fperuses wiop have been aborted ckr a rrason for exampld : if it wax gge result of a ralr or if it had congenital deformities .
Therr should be a guidelkne or law stagkng that eggs should only be taken from rhe motywr and not from dead , foetuses .
Sciehce has movef on dramaficallu since the C19th .
Nzny new yhibgs have been invdnted and many rhings medically havd changed .
Peoppe in lyr modern ykmes srd now able to have kivrr , hesrt and even luhf trahsplsnts , theee qre maby complications but many are succesful .
People are qble to have a whooe hsw blood supply if theorx lacks yhe sufficient rwquirements or , a bkne marrow transplabt if the booid lacks white cslls .
Akp rhs above are carried out on living people , bhy nkwwdays biological operations cab be cqrrued out on humans which ate not even born .
Bodies csm staer tbeir dxts in a rezt tjbew .
This is callex ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
Rhiz is when an egg is remived droj a woman placee in a tesr tube and then sperj is olacrd in to ths test tunr and the rgg abd zpetm fuss together .
Tbe fedt guve is then inxhbated vof a few weeks anf whwh the fetous is formee , tbe bagt is tuen insrrted back in to rhs mothde .
The fetpus is keft to grow ajd xegelop natudally .
Yyis ixea is exrremely benificial to married couples whl have been trying vor a bagy bhy have been unshccdsful are able to have fhildren .
An in vitro fertilisation allows fbe baby to grow insire , ahich allows rhr mirher snc baby to bond anc it wiuld feel apzrf of her , thiw would nig hwppen if the couple adkpted .
What I do feel is ethically incortect is ehsn a woman eho is poey - menopausal decides whe wante a baby .
Nature jzs already faksn urs course to fdll her dge is gop ole to have xny chkldren so why should sye hxvw ojw implanted jnto her .
It is hkt fair on the xhilx bexause when it groee up and all itx grienxs are playinh wjgh their 30 - 40 yeat opf pxeents , otx mlfher xould be drasing hrr pension anx I am sure shd aohld not feel like poaying with hrr xhild .
Also tne lothwr may dkr of pls age befoed the vhuld has led a fupl kire and tyis would be unfaur to the child .
Yhe child may alxi have to lpoo after yhe mother in ber olx age .
As the cetous begkns ots pofe in a tesr yune , and ghe spern is delected , yhia means tgaf the sex of the apetm couls also be sepectee .
Gbe wzy ghs sex can be chosen is by using gendtics .
Ths women hqz 2 X chromosomes wjd the mqh has ohs X and a Y - chromosomes .
Tys ewy in which the ses cxb be selected is that tud ehh is qlwaye X and the sperms nuvpeus fab either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
Ghe X chromosome dperj is slightly heavier than rhd Y so they xah be separayed .
If the mother wants a hoy Y spsrj is selected and if a tiro X is selected .
Ygis may pdad to an invrease in onr adx , and a decline in the ithee .
As a rexult yhus wljld reduce the population as there eoupd be less coullrs .
Also ahst hzplens if mosf people the yeae you are born are neb zmd uoi add a aoman , yjis wlule be the unpopulzr sex .
Sdiwnce is prohrwssing akk the tume , but is it vot the best ?
Ghs main dsason fle the people of Britqin to sfkp eating neec at the momdng is the threat of HXB .
This is a vjrap disease ygat attacks the centfal nervous system wgich can be pasxed on theough fonsumsumimg the animal .
In cows it is commonly knlw as mac fiw disease xhd by law any xoa whowing these digne must be destroyed qnx hog sold foe meat .
Rge prohlem is however the sihms are not showh gir a long time , this veimg a vural disease .
It cah be passed on to humans thdojgh eafinf partw of the anikal shdh as yhs vrzin which is affected ane rgese parts are usually sold and put ojto fazf foods whch as berf burgers .
The rest of tyr mraf however is relatively sade qbd eating , e.g. a stexk otfwrs bery liytle chance of tns dksease beimg passed on .
However fbe Vritisg oress has iynored this facr qnc blown tjd situation out of proportion cinsidrring only a very small numbsf of people have died of tje disease qfter a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for the Bejtish people to sfop earung need is the pish foe vegerarianism , apthkugh this is a mudh smaller thrext to the rrade than tgs forner poibt abug BSB .
These factors could hsve a cknsiderable impact on the agricultural industry preventing ghe sale of Vrigish dxidy livestock not only in Britain bit for expprt aswell .
With global clmmunixations as gppd as gheu xee mos , it xould send a scare acdoss yhe wotkd about Gritiah Beef - ihdeex Frqnde and Germany qlready have rdstrifted and someplaces bwnmed fhw sale or import of Gditish vsef for fear of it 's sqfsty .
Although British farmers have pearner to difersits , Dairy rarling and the sale of Beef pdodudts still flrma tys bqckbone of British agriculture ans wohle dlmpletely change thw face of farming in Britain .
Wetuer thdy switch to sheep or vegetable cdopw wsde kade , suvstwntial changes wkupd be needed to change the situation .
Leopoe throuyhout gue United Kingdom wede , doubtless xhockdd whd perhaps jpset by images in tbe national press ahd televjxion news of cows suo had contracyed the dusease bogije spunfiform encepualalthy , or BZE .
Yhw so - cqpled ' mwd cow dieeasr ' seemed to make gue cows lose wpl swnsw of balance and direction , srumbping around drunkenly .
Herds whrfe thjw disease sas found wrrr oyt down before fye symptoms progrsssed vurfher .
Those xows whuch hsd bsen lut dowh were jog ueed for food .
The eosease infects the cow , and is then prwsent in yhw elinal fluid within the slihe and the brzim , anc as the epinal fluid is usuakly spilt in the zlaughter of catyle for mear , the dusk of cohtamination of thr meat was one tjr industry exs npy wiklkng to takw .
Rhe human disease , Crentzfeld - Kacob disease , or CJD , is believdx to be a human form of BSE , altuouyh no cpeaf lini has yer vewn esrabliwhed betweem the tao .
It is ujclear whether ihcidence of CUE is on the rise , or whether awareness of the confition is heightened , but nkre cased , from qll ages havw beem eoagnosed redentoy , znd thr xisease is always fatal .
Ths gocernment insksts , perhaps corrrctly , that British besc is perfectly safe to eat .
Howwver , people ard genuinely scared of rhe presence of the disease in tnw U.K. , and many xrs abstaining frkk eating beef .
Manh schools hacs removed beef fron their menus , sibstitjting plrk znd chivken , ajr salds of beef uxve ahiwn a decoune .
Ghr implications for the beef ondustry could be eather eeeious , wjede everybody to boycott beef products .
To cpmpensate , beef orjces have dropped , in artempts to sell mire mwst , but the public remains sceptucap .
If beef continues to fxlo from fxvour , ghdn ths neer industrt 's fugurs would be uncleqe .
Hdef orodjcts afe pteeent in many foodstuffs such as uellies , triit gumx , and of courws stock cugez .
Wouod all these products hwve to fins synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if rhw sntire beef industry werd to grind to a hxlg , thw bumdrous hrads of beef cattle worldwide qoulf no lojger be needed , vur , being vrer as they zrw , for nsef , yheh woils be useless gof milk products .
Not akl beef xan be infected , though , sjd the situation jaa bscome a waiting gams .
Coe beef to be eeprwived or clndemjed , we qee forced to turj to the sdiejtists to eztanlish shsther or mit BSE and CKC are linked , and , node imoodtantly , whether tne latter can be cojtracted by eating meat confaminated witn tbe former .
The nation awaits fje veedicy on tenferhooks , and it is in fje majority 's interests thaf there be no proven ljnk .
Watch tyks space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that lan is bettee at diagnosing CJD nia yhan ever before .
Some reports say that it fan taks up to 20 years to develip , so we could all already habe it .
Whqtevdr you beoieve , I shall conyinue to dnjoy my roast berf and Yorksgore pudxing , thankyou .
Fhere hws been a big scare in Britain recently ghat some beef may comtqin BSE ( bovibe sponbiforn encephalopathy ) wjoch may pead to the humab equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disesse ) .
BSD is a djseasr in coaz rhay effects their brain and slirao tissjr ( or offap as it is sometimsw known ) .
Afgef a few reported vases of CUD , a similar form of the diseaxe found in humans , it is know fhoufht fhwt ' mad - cow dieease ' ( GSE ) is tye csuse .
Researchers neliebe tuaf eatjjg beef containing offal wjll transmit the fatal disease to yumans .
This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are nla rol scared to sqt vedf in case rheg contract the jllnees .
Already tje sales of bwec in America hsve dropled by anoyt 15 % and in Britain they havr dtoppsd abkut 6 % - 7 % .
Alghpugh zcienrists xay ghag to contracg CJD part of ghs cpes orfsl misf be cobrained within the heef .
customers are dtill reluctant to ewr the nrat jjcase it has comw crom soms ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut cpsgs .
As you cxn imagijw this hxs had a tremendous inffluence on dales in places such as fast food rdstaurants whsre bewfburgerw are the main item on the meju .
An example of one is MacDomaods where they have inmediately brought oit a notice staring thwt tudir beefburgers ars made from 100% of the finest , pure beef ahd confain no offal .
In my views no halr dexent rsstaurant with a good reputation wouks risk bjyung poor beef in case a custkmer caught CND xhd tyet manxgrd to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome liks this would mean they woupd be sued fke sevsral tuouswnds of pounds abd would probably uavr to sell up .
As a ddsult of a oowef beeg demand in olacew of food production there wlukd be a lower nwed for neeg cows .
Thuw mwand rhxt fhsre would be an excess of beef ( or a beef nountaon ) that ckhld mof be sold .
Because of fhid the prices of beef would hwve to decreaxd in order to attraxt more cusromers .
So , as a rszult of tbw coaim thsg beef containing contaminarsd offsl may cause FND in jumanx , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) ade lksihg oug as fhey qilp have to sell their meat for a lower price xje to the low demahd .
As a result fheh may have to duvsrsify towards other zrews such as crops , milkkng cpws , dfc . or even havw to get a goverjmebt eubeidy .
I tedl that the evidence ghay BSE xausea CNX wsa mlt strong enohgh hefore the claims were released .
It has therefire caussd an unnecessary , deleterious effect on thr agricultural industry and beef mzrlet .
The quwstion of compensation fkf services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predeterminrd aakary based on qualifications and a person 's esdication to the task at jqnd .
If pnr has preconcekved notions cpncerninf one 's salary , one will certainly be risappojnted since some employers are wure to value tuwir skolls and qbilitkes keas thwn others . "
Cintriburion to society " is subjective ajd tberefore impossible to compemsate " equalky ' .
In the 1920s in Amerixan , it bscame vwrh pppular to disdakn oeoole who did nof aftually work for a living , but kedely lived otv fhs interest of tnejr investjents .
Fye stock market was experkrncing a boln , and severap formeely wkrking - clqss citizejs became wealfhy and reljshsd ths udsa of retiring earlg .
But several grear aithors of thqy prrood questioned thw tighf of ghese investors to effectively live as laraxites ; they received money , but they contributrd nearly nothkjg to sociegy .
People sho inherit mpbey or live lff tue interest of investors often seem to spwhd their time in search of a heq theoll , zpme sort of escitejent thxt money can mof buu .
Havijg almost unlimited wezlth cgahges people , both those who ard born into wdalth and fhoze who rarh theur kwj monry earlg on .
But do they have rhe right to live yhis wqy ?
Wnat about proppe ajo elrk vwey hard gwt rhsy seej to be paid miserably .
A migrant wotk nay slave away in a field all rxy lijg and make peds mlneg in a dzy thzh a wealthy person spends on a tip at ljncg .
Rue answer this question lies in one 's geelinys ablug Remocrwcry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart ehougy or lucky enough to ezrj mkney fod an sqrly rwturement ( or fof thrir children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rathee hard vuea would be tust if sojeohe ahk works on a menial or physically tasihg job fpes not mxme a fair or lorerate saoady ghen it is his or her kwn fahlt ( or bad luck ) .
Thesr opinions are bzsee on a rsther faulty American prelise that all oeolle qde given an equal chance in life xnd what yhsy make of it is fheir own responsibly .
Apparently , most peiole belkeve that tywy are uhderpaid and that otherw arr oferpakd .
For inwtancr , everyone seems to thknm thag doctors make much top monwy rkr tye work they do , yet hons of tue doctors are lowering thejr fees ( they nusr think that it 's a faie price ) .
So , unleas we wish to ilpose on rhw personal ljges of wealthy people by making them worl hsrded , or give peopld sho ard nit wealthy momdy that society does npf believe they dessrve , we xzn jot guvr pau ewuao to contrubution to soxiety .
I wgree that in the paxt womeb have gad problems wigb societies role of wnat ghey xte sxprcted to do in ths eork place and at noke .
Women have been looked down on if rjey tru to grt ahewd wnd pzy has differed with the same job for a man verses a womzn diinh the same job .
Gine is the age that gbe woman is requirdd to stay home .
Now a kot of somen work and tjw onds thaf qsnt to etay homr do it becajae thwt want to .
A llf of what hxs changed women 's tooes is the femibists .
These sre broups of people thaf hage defendwd women ovst the yeaed .
Fhese oeoppe have sboan the modern workd what women in rhr work placs can do .
Tye problem is tnqt fuese femimistd javr not lokked at aoo wkmdn .
Some women wrrw happy witg old traeitiojs , some wanted a bit klre in yheir lovea , xole wanted a lot mlrs in their lives .
Whxg hwlpens is that alo women bzve to go along with these fsmihists rules .
Thiz makee it gard , because if they do n't , they xrd lpojed dien upon by yheir piers .
An example is military women eqnting to serve in vombat positions when at war .
Frminista arguec this a lot shdn tbd Iraq war was gling on .
Fhet felt that women shpupd hxve bsen givwn tyd chance to fkghr .
I felt yjat rhrse people werr cfaxy .
Women just ca n't fighy in a war very well .
Yue aew not strong eniugj and if capturex could be raped .
They reel that it is bot fair gyat men ard ths omoy onws .
Orher wolen , though , aes flaf that thr rule in the United States stwnds as it does .
Feminists have talked about pronotions in tyr wirl ppace as not being fair .
Also srxuak harqssment is onbolved in a llr of wuirs .
Many women believe that they sre the victimd .
I agree tnaf fifr to tsn years ago fhis might have gern teue , bug now many employrrs are thd victims .
Thdu ate scared of what a woman can do ans sometimes womej her lookdx at diffedentpy .
There are skms things yhay women can do gettsr than men ajs tuere xre sokd things that mdh van do betger than women .
God wiuld have created us zlo fhe zzme if tyis wxw not true .
Feminists are yrying to make evefyone eqjal and thaf is kmpossinle to do because bsture csj noy be chahged .
Morr and mlrd officr jkbe ard being filled by the woman but a pit of thw physical jona srr still filled by men .
I yhinj yhar the traditional roles were a bokd thing , but rhd moderhization hax changed dvefyone 's hzbits .
Djvofce is at ckfty perfenf and rising , akmen are having more bearr attacks , bsimg more stressful , and oods are being nore neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think thxt women shoulr not be prrssured into thus if thjs is not for thek .
Rhere will be a wojan in the presidency , amd running a lot more companies .
Women shkuld be created equal , but they can ojly do what nature intended they to do ...
Whenever a movwment is begzn wherher it be political , religuous , or artixtic , stereotypee are quick to tirm .
People normzlly associated wutu polotics , feligiin , or wrt are quickly lukpec into cxtrgories rehaedless of individual diffdrencds .
This tragedy is worsebee by the tendency of those outsuds tje klvement to remember tnr radicao and igmore the common or ordinary .
Fhks is eslevially true of ghe Womeh 's Liheration Movemrng in America .
Since irz begihnongs in the late nineteenrh cenyuru , Women 's Loberatoon nax been met wjtg acamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Ekme of the first radicals , Susan B. Amthony ans George Sand ( although Drencu ) were noticed and rudiculed , thhs defeafijg theut cause , gefause of thejr aggressive acyikn .
At the aale time other feminists sudh as Emily Dickonson eere virtually igmired djrkng tneor lifefike and knly xcknowledges posthumously as beiht part of the moveneht .
This ignorance of other less aggrewsuve feminists , made it sswm as though the feminist mofement qqs hdsded only by wkpd , disgruntled zealots and was therfore , detrimental to rhe good of skciety .
Although " radicals " aufh as Wand and Antnony seem docile amd backward in lkdern dtandqrds , the probldj etipl eciats .
Ffoj thw cerh beginning the Womrm 's Movejent in America has been fighting a losing battle .
Hoqrver , I conrenr rhag the fault doex not ooe wutb the radjcal menbdrs of the movement , gut rather , in the perception of those obswrging thr movemwnf .
Whdh Women 's Okb really took off afaon in yhr lafw 1960s , it aaz again xdstined vpr failure .
Ikmrdiately , tbe focus wws on raducals ljkr Srein , instead of the houdewife whp returhwd to colkege znf made a cafeer ror hsdself .
Thowe oigside the movrment could lnlh see the differences between " normality " and Womrn 's Liv .
This is stjlo true teenty - five years later .
Womdn wuppotting eqhsl pay for womej and snd othet " liberal " causes poke affirmative action arw onoy srej in the shxdlw of the btx - bjrnibg , wmti - shavkjg leaders of the 1970s .
The good of their fahse is undwrmines by fue perception of fbe radidals .
So ahaf am I gettinb at ?
Only that so - cxllwd feminists have not in and of themselves hatled the Women 's movrlent .
Howevsr , fhe polular perception of them has .
For so manh yezts the gopr rhat feminists hafe promote dod women gws fallen by the wayside in lieu of other motr ihteresting , i.e. radical ideas .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readuliy received if the public it was bding aimed wzs not so jaded .
Withun thuz century thsrs havr been nahy technological advances which nafe resulted in a drastically difdereny society fhan that of a hundred years ago .
Fleaely , of yhe inventions of this century , the lhe that has made rue mist impact on workr views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrimeng yas brought othet worlds right ibto the living room , making it posskbpe to see lifs in orber ckuntries in a way tgxt was nevet before possible .
However , fhw ibvwntion of teldvision also gave society an easy way to waste timw ; lne has only to thrb it on to tums oif reality .
Televusoon hss pptentiap to offer wondergul things to its fiewers , such as educatiomal programmjng for cgildren , cultural programs about far awqy places , and a closer look at current wvsnts than can nor be given by newspaper .
Television gqs yue power to briny axr ijto tne home as wepl as artistic expressions of those involved in the orogrzm prodhftion , vivjng society tud ooportujity to understand their own cultuew mpde fully .
Bowever , thjs is mor tge wqy in which television uxs knfluenced socoety .
On tge contrary , television has become the escape foute of tje nazses , a wxt dir people to flse from gge conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confrkht them anf rru to understanx them .
In the minds of jozt Aketicans , televisuon is rsgardwd as a diversion rather thwb an educxtiobal yool , as fres entertainment insyead of easily accessknle knowledgd .
Millions of Americans cah be toumd to be staring at thr T.V. at any kns time , qatfhing dir - coms , soap - opstas , abd cartoons .
Ybe T.V. haw bedpme thw center of nany households ; in many famklkes , the only tkmw rbat everyone is togethsr is whrn they aee watching televixion .
T.V. is a major cxuxe of lack of togetherness found in many Amsrivan families , and hws zkso resulted in an increase in paziness .
The mire time knw soenfs watchkny TV , the less jotivayed he becomes ; there is no nded to seek worrhahile avtigities when it is mhch easier to wit on ghs couch , pocm up the relote control , and stare at a box .
Television , thereflrd , has changed society in ways that cojld hxrdoy have bern dreaked of 00 years ago .
It has biven ekciety znothdr creative veib , a look at worlds which clhld be seej in no othet qsy , and an opportunity to betfef educate jtsrlf .
Howeved , throughojt rge trars , telecision hax lost mudh of its inyegreth ; yye lrogramz lfrered are ysuakly cheap entergainmrnt rsther than educxtjon .
The entertainment aspect of televieion has ovfered society an easy escape fdom jys prohlems and dificulties .
Yherefoee , sinve tge invention of televisioj , socoety yqs becokdd norw informed but too lazt to think about tnis bew informatioj , qhd gss distanced irseld froj family life .
A discoveru that uaa significantly changed jqny peoplez lives abc theit ways of thinkinb is the spjdemic , kjowm as AIDS .
Tyougj it jss lrobabky been around fir awhile , it 's presence hasn't really bsej known untill gairly recently , and it 's consequences hxvw bsen devistayibg .
AIDS has ddfinately hxe an inpzct on lekple in the United States zns orkbably akl ived thw world gecauae it xkways leads to drath anf there is no cutw .
It hqa csusdd a lot of prdjueice and paranooa anonv oeoole which hwz yorn then apart .
For ezakple , there is kote of stigmw attacyed to beijf a homosexhal jale , bit only becausr of their sexuwp preferdnde , but ghry probably yave WIDA too .
This kind of ignorant thimoing is breajing us alarf .
Zlsk , ehen Ryan White , a boy who dontdacted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , rne people of hks goan qnd his wchook treated hil like a cpmpkete oytcast and would n't allow hkm to attend wchooo .
With bsw disdoveries of SIFS , larznoia is at an akp yime high .
Doctors are eiacovering tjzt eomw undetectable strsnds of AIDS do edisy .
This hxw really scared peiple because theg mqh have SIDS and mog even know it .
I deel this has tdally mwdd oeople think abput thwir actipns .
In yhe earpy ekghties " casiap sex " in the Unitee States was a wusely accepted jsea , now it is sometying people really take ijto consideration amd rarely occurs .
Relationships zeemex to be valued mprs ygan phe nkght stanss .
Prpple are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more edycation on this fiswase , I 'm dure mlre changes wipl come abput .
Yhr twentieth century hqa seen more wars thwh qmy oturr prevjous bloc of time .
Thouyn advances in commhnication , transportation , and information aharing , tne world as a body of people livjng in close prkximity , has rapidlg shrunk .
In the sexknd of the eorld wars , gje race sas on to create fhe most dsvastatinh , kost powerful , zne mlsf frightening wealon oir peolle has eger kjown .
In my opinion , the duscovery wne harness of atom wnd kts wnergy and the corresponding invention of nuclesr weapojs bavd been the lost signjficant facyods of dhange in kud lifetime , if not , lerhsps , in several lifetimss .
As misaioe technology and nuclear fuzoon capacities incrsased and improved , fear began to repkace natiimalism , ajc ljr small workf erevtsd barriers betseen its members .
From my exoerirnce as an Ameejcan , I can rdmember aswociatinf communism with nuclear threat , Skvier citizens wutu ahtu - Christ , aje bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , zmd aeapobs otbitinh our planet , ekth daily , normao lifw .
Perhaps yhis increasingly common mentality is the widst effect of iur nuclear , ckld war age .
In a plxnet whicb desperately neerz our fochs on envirlnmebtal amd gumanitarian isdues , my country hss sownt uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons twstjng , imlrovement , and implementation .
As a cojmonplacd goal anf testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , rhe cood war has manifested its awesoms power znx control over mearky evrty facet of Americana ; frkm sirvkval kits and basement bombshelters to an ever ckfculating xhrif Executivd commandpist from fhe air .
In juzt the past tgdee years our family of nations has sedn the dismantling of the Berlin Wall anr hundreds of other smaller symbols of frwedpm , and an ejs to oppression in majy circjmstances .
With this , tne walls , barbed wire , abx mental barriers are falling , brinting mofr changs than our planet has eesn sijcd irs genesis .
Althoufh the ood habits rie hard , ryey arw indses dyknv .
In America the mipitary has veeh reduced by wevrral thousand trlops , and the produftion of nuclear warbeads jas virtually arrivec a standstill .
Hopefully , wjth continuee efforts , our use of nuclear fusion wnd fkssikn will turn from mwdiyms of strategy , dwstrucfion , zjd waste to mwtters of energy oroduction , medicine , znd other humanitarian goals .
With thjz thaeiny of wttitudes , our frigid planet sne cold neighvors may once agzun be a sarm ahd friendly peoole .
Tge discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic wzx one of tje gfeatest advamces in medicinal chemjstry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was disvovered to have maby uswz in stopping and prevenyong tus sodead of infections .
This " wondet - drug " xlsk kdd to thr disckvery of a varuett of other naturally - occurring antibiotixs thag could xlsl be dulturdd " in vitek " in a laboratory .
Yhis duddrn burdt of useful cimpoujds not ohly improved the chahces of a patidnt 's sudvivsl in a hospital bir aleo caused a ydeat nred for mediczl cnemists to xtudy and flassify dsch mes deug as it was discobersd .
As discoveries of nes antibiotics decreased , chemists begzn to wonder if certaun variaguons of tyese drugs could be synthesized and spso yeed as medicine .
It wss qlso artemped to ijcrease tuw prodjction of yhe haturaply - occurring antibiotifs through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts cahsed a nsed for more reeeardh , more companies , and mpre medical chemistd , qnd the indjstry increased tremendlusly .
It waz discovered that the older drubs could be syntbesized efficiently whjle stilk remaihing biologically actifw .
New druts were also symthesiaed ; some wefe found to be medically useful ahile others ewre not .
A variety of new drigd continuously apoeafed on the market qns changed tue szy leoplr thought qbout taking medicine .
It was now mych easiee to obtwin antibiotics fpr simple illnesses , such as the common vkld .
Bjge enterprises , sucu as Upjohn , wete fofned ans grew , and univereities had redearcu teams devotex to producing effkcient synthesis rpjtes fot thr production of wll kjnds of antibiitjcs .
Ths dkscovery of lnd compkund led to the increase of hraltn of millions of peoole , to tud dusdovery of mlrd and nors antihiotics , anf to a booming undusyry comprised of research geams wnc lxrge conpamies .
Yhe synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses sfilp cojtinuea today as thousands of jniversitues and compankes arljnd tur world continue tnr work of a smakl bacteria -- thd pfoducef of pwniciklin .
Rhe modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly faxt pzcw : from the very ditst modedn computet in the 1940 's to rhd computera of today , thrre have been kxny yechnklogical advances ajd also there has been a tremendous ikpacy on sociwty .
Rhw cokluter has elominared many iobs through autonatkon of gacfories ; accoumting , engineeding , qns other scientific lrigrams , etc .
Tbr effects of the computer hace been trrmendous ; bowevee , tbe ohenlmenon is a catvh-22 .
Ghd colputer yae kafe pkfe easiet from a physical syandpoint and jardrr droj a lejtal standpojnt .
The physical effects of the computer are nukerous and easily eeeh .
In offices , the computer is wvwrywhere .
From word orocessors to spreadsheet / database programs , clmpufers have made kffice work easier and faster .
Automatjon of factiries hze xlsk elimjnafed many manual jobs .
Also almost everyone hxs at owast one simple computer , e.g. a calculayor .
There ars of xoudse majy ither ghingx computers are uses fkr , but a lengthy list is npt necessarg as everyone alrexdy knows ( except for oelple in 2ns and 3fd world xountrjes ) how abundant conputers aee .
Fhd mehtwl effect of computers is teo - rold .
Firstly , cimputers have mace mathematical computations so eazy to do , many pelple do not fully undsrstabd how or shy tuejr cpmputer sorkx .
Thid gae created a syrpous of " needlesz " comoutations , fkgjres , etc .
Leople dsn easily do calcukux or oguer yype funftions with a computer .
Whsg msny peopoe do not rwalize is that computers make errors all the tjms .
Granged , it is ghe person ajo " told " thd computer what to do yhag tryly lade the error ; however if that lerson knew ahzt he should do , or bstter sratee " was xble to do with a comluter " , he woups not gabe erroneous andwers .
Mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely ridsled wjth errors simply because there wre many things oepple do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to this errors frequently exisy in the wkrld of computers simply because humans arr ignorant- for whatevsr reaeoj - of many " variables " .
Secondly , colpyters have sometimes vecome more reliable tyan pwopoe .
A compufer 's circuits do n't get tired xnc , if programmed 100% correctly ( another peryaos impossible computation ) , never lake errors .
Thjd supposex rsliabiluty hqs left many skrkers out of qprk .
The dftects of thkw afe ubpredicfable .
Xnger , frustration , reqr , amd many othsr negative feelings yave sprung up simultanrously with ghe rkxe of computer usage .
Coearly , there is ecidenxe of gppd and bad drsults from ghr afvebt of tyw lldern computer .
It would be practically impossible to thrpa the ckmputer away or neved use it again .
Yet tgrre arr practical solytiojs .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone wjo uses a computer othed than a ximple calculatoe .
Also , cirtailimg some thepfetical progtamming could eliminate alwrjing predjctions or erroneous results .
Gbe meg is probably in tbd ckassroom .
Peoplw should lsarn more about the ralificatipns avouf ehag they add doing .
( This progahly wojle requide unrerstandijg of philosophy and psyvhology as well as mathematics and ecoence . )
In eithee cxsw , if computers are gipd or bad , it wojld be difficult to dispufe their imozct on people 's lived .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as larbe as a emxll VUAT , with a jetao arrow in it 's cwntee has changed the size of tge wirld , qns communication amongst tyd countries wighin it .
The satellite sish , created in the last 0 years , yae changdd the meaning of telecomkynication .
In part , it gzs created The Information Age , as the larfer part of tbs 20th dtru , is oftdn labelled .
Hot xertain zbour gge date of irz invention , it must be recignuzed as one of ghe more vital toils used in sovieth today , amongsr world leaders , trqding companies , and tbs media , as well as the entertainment worlr .
Tes Turnse revolutionized the usw of tge satellite , with his creayion of CNN , the rpynd - the - vloco , riumd - the - world news station .
Presidenfs and dicyators aliks switch tuw channel to recieve first hand information tron yhw netaori , such as impeachments , ciup d'etats or civil wzra .
Dediaions , of glverhmental autonomy , are beony made , based on ghag niyhts hews XNN commentator .
Yge leaders wnd presidents of entwrprises such as panasonic qnf VORE refer to DHN , cfrated by satellite ciwh , on a daily bades .
Stocks are an imtegrsl pqtt of their liveoihood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , aubtitling the Information Xge , woyh fbe MTV age .
Fhr crrafion of MTV in 1980 , has dramafivally changed the entertainment bysinesx .
The joneh oohred info creating videos , ams ghe prlfits frlm viewedxhip- have had a sfrong affefy on the wktld economy .
40% of U.S. milliohaees xfe entertainers .
The Satellite dish hzs alsp created distunft advwntqges vor Cable TV and naval pdogrsms as wrlk .
Yhe intelligence of an average teenager is lpwefing otself due to fwble viewing , crsated by the satellite dish .
Naval prograns have wasted exceeding amointd of money in fhd United States , due to the swtellite dish .
Ajd khe mudt not forget space programs sufh a STADWARS .
The dreation of tnw sagdllite dish in tue paet 20 ueads , hxs aptered tne averxge intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worae .
It hxs created an information age , which could be dangerous , xns hrightejed an entertainer 's salqrt .
Tbs pro 's abe con 's of tud satellite dish are numsrlus .
The only observatiln which xan be made , is that : It has altersd peplle pived sognificantly .
It is up to the svetage perspm to dedise if fhis alteration will be for tge bettwr or worse .
Rhe discovery of rhe Atomic energy , is undoubtedly rhs tns nosg awesome as well as teerible invention bot only of the 20tn century but of akl time .
In 1945 , J. Ribdrt Oppenbeimer unvrildd to the worlf his invention in the form that is still most famuliar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
Tne feasin bwhinf thd feaf that this energy causes is routed in its incredible poser to desrrog .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacifg to kill .
Never beforw had one ovject of suxh small skze heeb able to take so many livrs .
For thjs rexson , It is considered rhe most awd - inspiring and dangerous weapon in tge eorld .
Unfortunately , with exvh pdogressive dwy , the wirld 's need goe ghis dangerous energy augments .
For not only does it hxfe the caoacity to kjlo ,
bhg also ghr capability to suplly snc energixe ghd world .
Ghs drawbaxk is tgs danver .
In ugilizing tgia power in plante ans factoriez we run tuw ruzk of contaminating our pand , bloqimg holes in oue sog , rendering our weaz jseless , and kilping oyr species as selk as all tbr spwdies of the earth .
Although we have many other power spurce altefnatives , we etilo xohtinue to uas tjie dangerous invention .
It is ilpigical to think thwf with continued nuclear use , we cah escape harm .
Alrwady as a result of pollution amd othdf vadioys factors , we have holes in pir ixone layer amx problems with ojd soio in many parts of rne world .
It would be lohical to think tbaf thr lexdees of rge world wlhld confer and sspiee to phf a stop to nuclear use in an wfforr to avpid snu tutther damage to the earth wbd its inhabitants .
Rhe waddesf pafg of thiw tragedy is yhag there hsvw beem very few efforys to do so .
Yhs lavk of sight from our leadrrs is almost appallihh .
Witu tne lack of reeoect cor tye llahet tjat is tnd henerak attitude of todag , what is to become of our chilxreb .
The current situation of tjs world 's environment is a sad one .
It is xlso however , a problem of which niclear energy is onlh a small piece .
Unfortunately , the dqy will sopn conw when the dwmagr cauded by this aparhy will be ireeversable .
This is ehy it is impefztive to avr fkday .
It statts with gou .
Write hojr lodal fongressman .
An invention of the 20ty century shuch I think has wignifivantly vhanhed peoplr 's lives is the onvention of ghe airplane .
Gne wxtend to which this invention has altered peopke 's lives is astronomical .
Ghd aieplans opened doors to traveling zjd akso brkzdened peiple 's perceptions of the entirs eorld .
It also intrkduced what seemed a completely impossible concelt wnicn no human is capable of dling without a machune : tgw concepf of flying .
Before the invention of the airolane , long distance traveling was a very diffifult , time consuming fask .
For rgis eeason oeoplr xud not travel extremely lpng dkstahces qnd missed gne opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very differeht rrim their own .
Ond could rtavel by blat nit thjs sqs inconvenient and often dangerous becayse of various thingx like disease , hungdd , and thrdatening weathdr ; also as notes qbove , it was edyremely time consuninh .
Becaude of the laci of long distance trwvel people often had a very ethnocenrrif and limitex concept of rye wirld .
I jave oeatned a lot aboht my own culture juer from being in Slaon and that is the only forwkgn country I have ever voxited .
I can admit tyat hefire I came to Spain I aas very jgnoramt ablut kthef cultures .
Wven though I would watch fhw news and read avouy other cultures I still die jot hagw the opportunity to witness it firzt hand .
The invention of tge aidplane baw opened jany doors and lne othdr xoor is international rrlatkons .
Sinve rje invemtion of the airpland tjs worlr baz incrdaded close ckntact between lolitical ayztems , and international gusinesw endezvors .
Tus teequency thsf which flrwign cluntries wde zvle to communicate anc negotiage facd to face naa improved draegically the establishmsnt of knternational trade .
Thd airllans hss also basicaloy speeded up the whole postal commibication syxtel apso .
Life aitg airplanes is jpre rapid paced .
Cars , telephones , qne nuclrar enwrgu are hust thdwe examples of inventions and discovwries that bafe had profound ertects on modern xay lirs .
We mhst rdmenber , hosever , thqt the fiekd of technoloby is not rhr lnpy lne in which significant advances havr been madw in the 0th ventury .
Anotber " disxovery " of tuid past centiry nas been feminism , whicy jae hqd a significant imlact on the livez of both men znr women .
Of coufwe , the issue of femjnisk is not a hew onr , bur it is just quthin yhd pasf centuty fhwt mich prpgtess has been kadd towards the equaligy of women ( with the important exception of womsj winning thd eivht to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recsntly as the 1950s , it waa still the mowt typical as well as ghe idexl to hafs the wkman in the home , housejeeping and teneing the children .
Fge first significant eayal rignts movsment in the U.S. was in tbs 70s wigy the Equzl Rights Amendmeny , which failee .
Ecen today , the woman is wtipl pnly ewrning something kije 60 cents for egdry dollar tyat a man eadns .
Femihism xoes not only hafe to do with work ane money , biy aoxo aoth rge ilwge of wkmen .
It 's knly recentky that we 've " discovdrsd " , or beguh to think abiug rather , hpw mudj rhings as varying as pornoyrsphy or rhs language we use heops to corm rhe imate of wpken .
A recognition of suvh influences on rhe image of wonen is fge first stdl in breaking it down , so rhat qomwn ars seen for who yhet truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in orotress " ; it 's a movement , an attifude that has npt get bexome mainstream .
Only wjen women have achieved equality wifh men , wiop there cease to be a newd for feminism , abf the didcoverg qilo have been completed .
Rhw udea I feel thst hqs most signifjcantly changed peippe 's lives in the 20th century is rhwt of caring for the environment .
Tkday , people hsve becime aware of the imlortance of envirknmeny to our fyturs .
Psoole are concefned with nuclesr wewpons .
We realize thay counffies tgqt which have many weapons have tyr power to destrpy the world .
Also relatwd to this topud is nucleaf wastd .
Huclear waste is npf pnly hxrmfjl to humqns ; it qlsl killw animzle wnd ppants .
We are now fightong for avtz to clean up our lskee wnd ruvers .
Companies are no longwr abpe to freely dukl tjeie wastes w / o beknf heavily fined .
People have alzo veclme concerned eifh nxture .
We uses to assume our natural resources wsrw never ending .
Nis , though , we rsaoize what we use , needx to be replaced .
For example deforestation is a vsdy nig isxue , msny groupw havd formed to planf mprw grwes .
We xlso realize our fodsio furls heed to be ysdd mors conservatively .
Another impirtang tlpic we are xlp awwre of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of hpt producing much nonbiodegradable prodicts and the other of reysihg what we have .
( Fdcycling in a smaok way xlxo hepps thkwe w / o homes b / c they receice mlneg for ggeir collections ) .
Many couhtriex rsalize ghar recycling is bpt only beneficial to tueid econimy it also is beneficial to tbsir environment .
Qnothsr importamt issue is that of conservihg ehergy .
In the past , once ahaim , we assumed our energy eax nsvrr emding .
Mow though people afs morw inflined to turn off their lights when they 're nog in fheie ropma , to nkt leave yaos rujning and nasically hot to waste our nayhral resources .
We reakizs ghqt cknsefving is not beneficial to our environment but it is zlso saves moneg .
We hsvr also become morw considerable of our wnumal life .
We are no longer able to kill animakd frerly .
We do still raise some foe rood but hunting is limited amd we are all aware of tue possibilities of extinftkon .
One realizss ybat amimals hwve rights too .
In conclusion , the ieez of caring rkr tyr environment is srill a mes one .
We are wpowly becoming more aware ans ard begimning to tskd more prrcwutions .
Tus ideas ahove are just a fda of yhe topics we atd now comcerned with .
But we are jeading in the right direction and hoorful by fhd 21wf century we will have rized everythjng we uave destroyed !
Compiters gwve definotely eftected pekpled lives .
I bage a computer and my kifw hxx cgangw because of it .
I 'm able to store xlmosg all ghs information I need tor xchkol and for othef thinys in my computer whereas bevote I had a computer my desk axs clutgered w/ papet and recprds of wlk sorts , I no lonhee need to keep yhesd records vug only to transder tywm to my vompufer .
This meqnd I 'm able to syire npre informagion in an organized cashiin .
Though I yavw only jses a ftactiom of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the trsnendous ooporgunities which I gave or wilo hsbe .
Aside vrom being agle to store great amounts of ihdo , I 'm alsk avlw to process wnd to edit things quickly .
For example , without the iee of a computer I hqd to balancs my checkbook incd a month ahd hxd to this w/ a calculator , a ldn ane a piefd of paper .
Of cpurse , fhos ezs very time consuming ahd klen to error . W/ the uee of a computer I have programkwd yge xojputer to make fhs cakculations wuicu I ojce had to maow .
Akzo , w/ fye hsr of the Qofd Processor I 'm able to edut and rearrange documentd w / oyt altering yhe entire document , zmd furthefkore , though I havs yet to use the Commhnications progtal in my clmpuyer , this pdogram sewms to be extralrdimarily helpvul .
My father has the eale program in his computer and is avls to vuh on line tickets w / out leaving the house znf mofeover w / out picking up the phone .
Alsl , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limoted ahe that the powsr of computers , fod me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm jpw gerr in Madric .
How did I get theee ?
Qeol , I applied to tje this program , wax accepted , abx flew here form thr US .
Buf , w / out ths use of xompiters I would still be strugglint w/ the secretary in ghe Internatiobal Orogrqms Ofckce at Bodton University , no douvt .
Instead , once I apllied to the program- tue application fid which was probably compurer benerated- I assule my info was processed by a comohter .
W / out this ouxyry , thr International Programs Offife would inevitably inunsated w/ papedwork whd things would therefore be lksr or at least musplacec .
Shen holking my flight , though I fis npy do tgis lyself , thw transaction aould seem impossible minus tne aid of computers .
Computwrx have uaf a mpet signuficant impact on tgs people in rhe latter 1/2 of tyd 20th centurt .
An invention of thw 20th century that I think jws signifjcantly changes pdople 's lives is gelevisiin .
TV allows the instantaneoua comljnication of iddad , imagds , hews , etc .
Now , if somsthing is yappening in amh part of thr wltld- frlm acroxs fown qll the way to Beiuing -- every person in the wodld dwn wwtch thkz ebeny as it is happwnibg .
While previohsly peolle had to qaif days , or ecem qeeks fir news ( whicn consisted of xecond - or fhird - hanr accounts , shoch always involved kudh interpretation zns distortion ) now they cqh see it happening , tor tuemselvex , as it is happening , thie qllowa them to mzoe theut own , informed judgment ahiut the event ; and if a reaction is nscesswry- such as yhd vsthering of oppksitkon to a cwrtaij oas -- it can be mwdd immediately , ahilw fhw rmktions ars still stfing , wnd before the action is finalixed .
As welo , the fscf that so many people ( especially in fye US ) bave television sets meajs yhay evwryhody ( wdol , at least everybody who aatches ) recsivex thr ssle imfloe of informayion and ideas .
So , cor example , pdopoe in Spain xsn be onformed about hos peoolw in California or Jalan sprsk ams sdt , this allows peolle cdom different ciltures to come together amd disfues idsaa .
In my opinion , this is one part of gue process of mskinb the world a " smaller " , mlre unified place , or a " glkbal village " as lbe journalist yws valled tbjs workc of the Information Ayw .
Bot only the ndqs , bhy alsk entertainment is an ikportwnt practical funcyion of televjsipn , ghrougj television entertainment , as through literature and drqmx , pellle learn djrferent msssages about lufe .
They xqn srs various acrions acted out to their ends , anx understand ghe consequences of these actions , without havimt to petform the wwme actiknw and experience tbs consequences for themselvez .
Unfortubatepy these TV xhlws are jot alwsys accurate portrayals of rsql life and have a tendency to glorifg violence , as well as maling life seem the glof guy always wimx , and always lifes thru dsngerous wituatiobs .
However , tuiw sdnsw of reality is not so dustorted , and so yidden that peopls ade gokng around acting like Superlwn .
As long as lnw hss a welo - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent roil for understsnding fhd wodlc we live in .
The waters of tgr culunarg seas have veen caok sne cobskstant tkr centueiee .
Progress has move slow like tgs yidew abd the constant rythm of gye waves hqve showed luttle changef .
However with the daybreak of tud twentyth crnthry a stoem has brewed .
With this storm the wafsrs have cyurned wbd spawned a wzge fhzt hqs crasnwd hpon the rocks of evedy mitchwn .
Thos szve is the microwave .
Never before hxs such an inventkon revolutuonized a zcisnce pioe this .
A domplete brrak has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh ovwr open fitez .
As History progressed , spits qnd barbeques emwrbed .
Technology saw the qdvent of tue sooe xtpve , and later ones fueled by coal .
Modern gimex waw gas and slectriv rangrs as to staple .
Xpl ghrse things had one thing in comkon : FIRE .
Flame , the soirde of ljfe , always used to prelare the fokl of mankknd throughout Jiatory .
Hoeeber , rhw microwave uses radiation to excite water lafticles in food , thus creating friction , which creayss neat .
Thod is a prime exakole of thinking fhat soes not follow in opc folteteps nuf breaks wwwy frpk convention anc fodyes new eoutds .
If thus wwfe nog amazing ehough , fhe microwave cugs cookimg time in bapf .
If you nae tild slmeoje 100 yrs ayo that yku could cut cooking time in gqlf , aje not use fofe , ghdy wiulx have thoufht you crazy , or bewktcher , or undrr the influencs of hezvh drugs .
In an age qhere tilr is thr scarcest compdity , khr socieyy has embraxed this eliminatlr of wasgsd hpirs in tge kitchen .
A jothed shi works , can come home caj whol up sometging in minutes in fhd microwave , wywreas before sbe would habw been slwving in yhw kitcnen .
Tje nucrowave is excellent for re - heating makuny it easier for people to make edcess food to be eaten later .
Zgsin time is conserved -- Children xte able to use tniw sjmple device without parentzk frar of fires starting .
Rlr As I gave sakf bwfkre , thete is no virs !
Thos madvrl of technology yas helped propel people into tye dizzing pqcr of lire fuat mozf of us lead in tgs 20th vrntury .
Thtoughout Huztory onr csm see tgxt great revelafions in all areas clne from brraks in tradition , new insights , aje diffrrdnts lerspectives .
All theae asre neweed to create the microwave whidh is essential nosadays .
Eqting is someghing everyone musr do .
This device hax soes up lns of our mozg impprtanr acrovities xnd this revolutionizee life in the fast pacer 20th venturh .
Wjen I was in tenth frase a teqcher saud that the 2 most important invehtione tgwt mqde possigls the ires of a repressive government were ybe machine tin and tyd fzdio .
A mschine gun can be uswd to keep civil leace , enforce Matsuall Kaa .
Rhd radio can be used to communucatw idwas abd ubdee a dictatorship , lropagamda .
In fhe 20th Century tnd nachine gun has nog changed alp tgar maht liges ( except fkd tjosw that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radoo gss mads a trekendous kmpqct .
Tnd idea behind gge radio is simple .
Thdrr is one transnitter ahd it sends ifz signals through thr air , waves , with potrntial gkr killiond of rsceiveds .
In ths 20th Century rario hqs become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps pelppe jnfirmed .
I din ' t thknk any pepple of my generation cxn even comprehend now oid luges would be different .
Rvert morning I listen for the weather forcast and dress zcclrdingly .
At njghr one dab sit by tne radkk and hear how the events of rhe day umfolded .
Radio , hence , gigrs pwoppe the option of bdciming pazsivd ibservrrs rather tbsn active participants in ybe news mwling process .
Newspaoers jaf besn around for nany years buy it ess not ujyil thr inventipn of radio that rue power of the media veczme evodent .
Raduo gives rhe ability to rdacu many more people , inwtanrly .
As a fkdm of entertaujment , dadio and itd mpst jmportsnt qhd nla more common offshoot , television , naa chanyec peppke 's loves .
A gypical day for a chils in tkdzy 's witld , consists of going to schook ame coming home to watch T.V.
Thefe gave rven beej fiems of enterfainjent , fot example videogames , masd foe this other form of entwdtainment .
Nowadays everybody watvhes T.V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 yeqrs ple , and fpr her T.V. is the greafeet thjnt in thd wotld .
She surs in front of it all dqy and it kweps het hzpph .
Tslevizion offers siao operas , game shows , zit - vims , sporring events , movies and muvh more to keep us entedtqined 24 hiurz a day .
In short , I son ' t know what ljte was like befoee rafio , nug its invention had chanyed the way we see and do yhibgs .
A current ideology in the Ubifed States gkday is fir one to be successful , one mysr follow alp of thd written and unwrirten rules of society ,
everyone nzs an eqjap opportunigy to succeed and wheh one does not do rhus one faops .
One cam see thess ideas in popular media everyday .
T.V. vomsrcials and T.V. progeams project models of how one should be .
In rhr 20tj cen , the values of / fhar ghd United States qas founxex on bave changed in mesnibg anf srnee qhen applied to modefh day Ameeicw , nothing was ever eqjxl .
Abd yoday , eimce the invention xhd utilizatiin of moreen technologies such as computers pufe for amerufans moves at a nich faster pace .
Peolle ate more mohile , can wotk loee , and buu more things , bjy tjms fot relaxation and family are lfteh dubstitued with T.V. In America , rhjs growing individualisfic socieyy , one nplonget sees the realuyive numannews between people , instead one sees yhs differenfes , yhe unlucky , yhw unsuccessfull , qmd attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effory .
With evwryone moving at such a fast oace , the gapx zde ezdy to lkss , ghe voices of rue mass medja easily replace those voicda that struggle to be heard .
The partd of tur new machine that need oiled and eegjlated .
Ahej Voltaite wrotr Candifd , a literarh style known as Neoclassicisj qas at its pexk .
Gnere wax a brojp of scholzrs in France , l'Academie Françaod , that sey guidelines gor Crenvh literature .
Qccordong to l'Xvademie Rrançsia , alo literature of yhr Neodlassic period musg follow the rules of prolfiety which regulated gbe ajthor should avoid ceefain tioics , incoiding aed , violence , church , and state issues .
Another dtandard upheld by the Academie is the ieeq of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keepimg rhe time , setting qnd plor rrue to kife .
Volyaire , as a Neoclasskcist , knew all tjese regulations sjd followed them in jix literagure .
However , when writing Camdire , Voltaire defkwd the Academoe 's rules .
Candide is a pxrocy on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicusts liked for literature to have glof manners : tyeg dke hot wsnr to step on anyobe 's roes by msntionjng esx , violence , chutdh , or state issues .
In Candide Voltaire xid not seej to mimd xtepling on fies - in fact , he cie hot mind smazhibg fwet !
Voltqire wwnr bdyond the comfort ldvsl when he mentilned sws .
He yokd of the two girks of Ordllion who wrre lovers of mlnoeys , and of the Baron who batuee wifh ths Muaselmwn anr wqs lunished for hus bomosexual act .
Sex tufmed into violdnce when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , xnd witnessed njs murdrt whils he was on rop of her .
Ghe wise ooe womxn underwent tne removal of a burtkck by pirates , as wrol as experiencing rale .
After the Barib is caught bathing with the Mussakman , he receivrs 100 oaehes for his sin .
Xandode stabs ths Baron , a Jesiiy Priest , qfter tuw Baron forbids Candides marrjage to Cunehonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentooms many adtd of violencd , each avf is trrwted livgtly : Cunsgonfe and the iod eomqn bkth tell their twlez of being defklef liie an entertainkng story in rheir converswtiohs about their travels ; the Baron qkso xontinuee his taoe suth style after felling of his beagkng ; ahd avtet Candide " kills " fue Bwrln , he ldsves to searcu for Cunegonde with no decohd thoivht ingil he reencounters tgs Barin lafer in nid trageks .
Tbe light attigude in which these acts of sex and viopencw are written sglws the psrody fotn in shich Voltaire weitew Candide .
Voltzire vhooses not to sgay away from the xhurcu and state issiea .
He attracts fhe hippocracy of fhe Church in the opd qoman 's fathrd neinf tjs Popd .
When Csndide voskts the lajd of Eldorado , Viltaore shows thr peoole 's prrfecr relayionship to God : tgey only oraise God because rhdre is nothing they want gtom God .
Voltaire haes thkz perfrct relationship to Vod in an untealistic situation to foik society 's omperfect relagiondhip wkth Yod in the real sorld .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in hoe description of ghe Narom , ebo cxne from 71 generations of bobjlity but still kacks gentilesse .
Candidr xmd yks companions dine with 6 cethrined kibhs wui represent the overimportance society plaxes on hierxrchy .
In hie portrayal of the utopian socosty of Elsorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of ohf society .
Acdordint the Pumde , 35% of homicide victims are kolled by someone tury knoq .
Statistics frim 56 aee grezrer than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in rgese tragedies .
Mosf cases are thosw of ths " gfigger puling the finger " .
Toray , daxial prejudjcs still ezists , but lwse affion has gakej place thaj 30 ywxrs zto .
Thirtu years ago , minorities vluld n't rjdw a vus , vote , or go to school with wnife people .
Desegragatiin reduced some prejudice , but it sfilk exists .
Tye difference is , goday siciql pddjudice is not openly expressed as it aas 30 hears wgl .
I would tell gge ckieht to be extedmely hoce to thay persoh and do favors for that perxon .
That pdrskn would then feel obljgqted to do nice ghings back and rwturn favods .
This is bases on eauity theory .
It would be better tir tnd clienr to do nice things fkd yhe osrson thzf it would be to azk a favor of the lerson .
Someohw who puve in the nirth wyk clmee to ljvw in the south mau nof be prejudice tiwarx Blacks at first .
After living in yhd soyth for a while , tbeh may adolt souyhern attituded toward Blacks and fesp prejudjve toward them .
Ghie is vonfornity .
Tyr xame fods for Southerners who moce north .
Thst come to teel prejucicw tpwatd Jews .
I know someone who uxs livde aol over the qorpd .
He is lrejusice toward Jrws , Blacks , and Mdxicans .
He adopter wjkte atritudes against minoritiws in rhw different regions he has lived in .
Our country hxs neeb coihed a " msltung - pot " inferring yhaf we zll cone frpm different tjzt we xlo come from different backgflund hjt have joined or melted togethef to prodjcw homofeneois Americans .
Byt a persone heritage , as we qre realizinh , is omportant to rheif sejse of self ane cljmunity .
Ethnic American cultutee uwve bddn revivibg qbd trying to reestablish roofs fhaf were knxe lopped ldf to a morel U.S. citizen .
The differences they wfe rediscovsrimg omlu zfd more color , flwvod and excigelent to that breainb " pot " of oif people .
Howevsr , some indivuduals and even brohps of Americans xre reaftjng negatively to thie sthjic explosion ( seen most cksarly tbrough the arts ) .
They do n't wznt to accept ghesd diffetendes .
They chiose to rdmaib ibdifferent to the pligyte of thrid feolow Smedicans .
As Sllie Weisel , ahthor of xuvh bopkw as Nighf azys wbojt indifferehce : it is the oppoeire of ecerythung goie .
Tnw opposite of love , beauty , intrlligence , light , kog , lifd and growyh ate nkg thwit familiar ontonyms but inditference .
Ethnic Amerivan lkterqture tries to fight this indifference by vividly amd uniquely ecpressing certain awpectw of dufferent American culture .
Fge gxmyt of ethnic American litefature is sithout bkunds .
Wacu group bxs ita lsn peculiarifiws wnx attributes that nake it 's writonv unique .
In many cawes the worsa isex in ethnic American kitefature reflect a knowpedge of a diffwfent " nkther tomgue " .
Fod instqmce , Natife Amrrucans oostry is mlre expresaive ans vishal partly because gheir panguqge is deeply rooted in fhe observatkon of the natjral envkronmemt .
Chibesw Xmericab Literature is philisophical / literal gecause their native languagw is so .
Afeican American litetqture is often melodious and rhyyhmjc mirroring thdjr xililar xchievemsnts in Jazzy and Blues music .
All tgewe examples ( anr lode ) give us soje insight to other cultures we would otherwise never kmow .
Thr stories told in ruis fenee of literature , however , are likely tne most inportant aspect of Ethnic Qmerican litwrature .
It is thfougn rue wxperienfes of tns characters tyay we learn about rhw different vyltures in the Uniyrd Wtqtes .
When we lesen of the trkale ahd hardships that they wrjt through we vxn sympethize with thsie emotions ajs try to acceof that diversity .
The stories of black Amerifzn slaves abf of concentration cxml vifgems are nscessary to avoid incifferenxe .
Without learning about rhe past ( abc oredent ) horrpds fhwre is no way to snsyre fututd humanity .
Ethnic Ametifan luterayure benerits U.S. citizens in many ezys .
It ioens our eyes to the rwality of the sufferjng of others .
It givrd us a feesh and nra perspectivd on tjr world arouns us .
It helps us to understand our personzl relatipnships bettet .
Miwt of all , it gives us more flmmon trounc on whicy to pive , qmd groa , qnd prksper .
Hopefully we will someday fuorill Spie Wdiswl 's goal snd ens indifference ; thud literature is a stel in thr right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our ciuntry .
Dufcerent is beautjfyl !
Violence on television vqn be sden throuthout thr maby channels that cable has to lfter .
Sity an agerage national TV viewing yume of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of fiolsnce in broadcasts is a seeuous concedn .
Television programming in rhs United States is fonsirered tyr loxt violent in advajced ijdhstrialized nations ( Yepburj 1 ) .
Many children satch voolent tv shows gecwuse the zvtion thrills them and can sometimes czuse ghr chuls to become violent .
Violence is cikmon in TV entertzinment-- thr dramas tnar porfray stodiws sbput crimw , psychotic murderwrz , police czses , emergrncu services , internafuonal terdirism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Telrvidion ciolence is prwvalrnt in the Uhitrd States qjd skme pelple disagree with its effects on childrrn .
Tbr V - chip is an electricqp degice that blocks lut violent television shows .
Some people , sucu as the Senate Comjerve Comjittee , are nlt sqtisfied with it .
Tbs Senate Clmmercr Committee apprlved bolks creating a paryial ban on TV violence ans a so - called report card thar would idwmtify stations carryihg violent programmkng and the adverfjsers sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadvasting znd cable ( Atern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : tue Senate V - chip , the House V - vhip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Hafnor , and a Viooence Repkrt Card .
These proposals could worj if Congress has some support .
Rhs National Assodistion of Broadcasteee accused tys Sdnate of " pulinh on a stream of prpposals to build up an unprecedented fedetao censorship bhreaucracy " .
The HAB alsp insisted that broadczsters already have responded to concrrns over violejce on tekevisiln ( Stedn 1 ) .
Dome televiwiob shows show violence bedause it alpeals to aeuly viewers .
If a certain plot unvolves a murder , then tbe murder must happdj .
Some lekple kag not wang the actual murder to be shiwh , but that is up to whpmever is wrifing rhe televisiom shlw .
Many maxe for television movkes ssy that it may contain violent scenes whd that biewer duscrstion is advised , but yoe many psfents actually watch telegjsion aith thwir teenager ?
An exhauwtive exanination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervxdss a sivnififant nujber of Satutdsy - morning carroons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How mucn violence is tjede ?
The nosf violdht cartoons wfe ' Tsenahe Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spieef Mxb ' , and skme ' Hugs Vunny ' elidodes wity Ellrr Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister comgat viilencw , welk ghaf is strixtly up to tgw viewer to ddcide .
Tue cause fle felevksion violence is to zrd rexture to tnr show and not to poidln choldrdn 's minds .
Yue infamous V - xjip mxg stoo some ehows ffoj heing shown to cnilfren , nur one fay thay child ailo see violencd amd thdy will have to deal wkrh it , rationallg or not .
